
VOL. XVII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1882. 



NO. 9. 



PHILADELPHIA. 



OUR readers will see at a glance that il' our picture repre- 
sents Philadelphia, it is not the Philadelphia that is the 
chief city of Pennsylvania. This town is evidently a very 
old one, as shown by its ruined walls and fallen pillars. That 
it is not in 



far eastern nation. It is in truth a Philadelphia: the one 
spoken of in the book of Revelation. 

Philadelphia, is a very ancient city. It used to be called 
"Little Athens," because it possessed so many heathen 



lown by Its rmned walls and fallen pillars. That | ' JLiittle Athens, because it possessed so many heathen 
America, may be judged from its cypress and temples. Of these only a small one remains, and that, accord- 





cedar trees. The mosques and minarets that may be seen in 
all parts of the city, prove it to be in a country where Moham- 
med is revered as a prophet. The dress of its citizens, the 
flat roofs of some of its houses and other peculiarities mark 
it as a portion of the Turkish empire, or of some neighboring 



m22^_ 



ing to recent travelers in that country, is now in ruins. 
Its original inhabitants are believed to have been Mace- 
donians or Spartans. The region where this city is built is 
volcanic, and is subject to frecjuent earthquakes. But not- 
withstanding this disadvantage, it flourished for many centuries 





'<a<^^ 



130 



a-XJATElsriLE UsTST-E^TJCTOI^. 




The city is one of the seven in which were Christian 
churches, to which our Savior sent a message by John, in 
the book of Revelation. The other six were Ephesus, 
Smyrna, Pergamos, Thyatira, Sardis and Laodicea. They 
can all be found in a group at no great distance from each 
other, on the map of Asia Minor. 

The message that the Lord sent to the Philadelphians was 
one of comfort. He tells the church, "Because thou hast 
kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the 
hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to 
try them that dwell upon the earth. Behold I come <iuickly: 
hold that fast which thou h.ist, that no man take thy crowu. 
Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of 
my God, and he shall go no more out : and I will write upon 
him the name of my God ; * * * and I will write upon 
him my new name." 

What great, what gracious promises to those who are faith- 
ful ! Yet there were evils existing in the church there to 
which Jesus refers; and we know that the Saints in that city 
were eventually overcome of the world, as they were in all 
other places. 

The meaning of Philadelphia is brotherly love : as Phi- 
lology means a love of words; Philemon, afl'ectionate, a 
lover; Philetus beloved, amiable; Philip a lover of horses. 
All these words it may be noticed begin with "phil." They 
are derived from a Greek word which means a lover. From 
the same root we have philantro|>hist and its kindred words, 
philharmonic, philosophy, philoprogenitivene.ss, philter and 
many other words. G. R. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



{Continued from poge 124). 



THE committee from (Juincy, after receiving the propo- 
sitions in writing, returned home, promising to present 
them to the citizens of Quincy, who would a.ssemble in mass 
meeting for their consideration. 

On the 'lh\.\\ of September, IS4.'), Sheriff Backen.»tos issued 
his fifth proclamation, in which he <letailcd many of the 
cruel and atrocious acts of the mob, and stated that though 
they had not returned to commit further outrages in the 
County, they were "brawling about the adjoining Counties, 
the State of Mis-souri and Iowa Territory, circulating all 
kinds of falsehoods and misrepresentations, fur the purpose 
of getting aid in order to rcconinience burning and mobbiiii.' " 

He also stated that many roniplaint.s had been made to 
him by "Mormons and aiiti-.Mormons" of cattle and other 
property having been stolen from them, lie had exerted 
biin.sclf to ferret out the truth in regard to these cases, and 
though rumors were abundant that the Saint.s were guilty of 
these deeds, he had invariably found that they were the 
sufferers and not the depredators. Of tliis. he .said: "Every 
one of tho.xe persons who report property stolen, who are 
not Mormons, are liy no means regarded as enemies by them ; 
but on the other hand, they have all denounced thi."! mobbing 
and burning as most infamous. It is nothing more than 
rea-^onablc to suplKisc that men wlio will burn hou.>iCs. barns, 
grain anil other property, and who will ilrive and exterminate 
the Uniteil States postma-stcrs atid other officers, from their 
offices and homes with force of armH, under the penalty of 
death, arc none too good to steal cattle, horses, and sht«p too. 



^2^ 



Men who are guilty of such damnable outrages, are hardened 
against all the tender feelings uf human beings; the savages 
would shrink with horror at such base and cowardly acts as are 
characteristic of this mob faction. Again, why is it that the 
stealing of cattle and horses is confined in nearly every 
instance to those who are opposed to the mobocrats? If the 
^Mormons are guilty of these I'cpredations complained of, is it 
not a remarkable circumstance that not a single hoof of all 
the cattle and horses that are alleged to have been stolen. 
were taken from any of those engaged in the mobbing? In 
every case, so far as I can learn, they were taken from persons 
opposed to this wicked proceeding of the mob party." 

The sheriff also denounced Thomas C. Sharji, editor of the 
Warsaw Siijnal, as a villain of the worst dye, and the state- 
ments of iiroceedings in the County published by him in the 
Sic/nijl as infamous falsehoods. 

This .same Sharp was without doubt one of the worst 
enemies the Saints had in those days. All the time during 
their troubles the columns of the Sluiial were rejilete with 
the most glaring falsehoods concerning the acts of the Saints, 
and the editor through this medium did much towards urging 
on the mobbers to commit their deeds of crime. Many of 
the statements made by him, as also many of the rumors in 
circulation against the Saints, gained credence even with 
many honest persons who were not personally aciinainted with 
the facts. In fact, the popular ]irejudic-c against the Saints 
was so strong that no atuount of arguiuent was required to 
convince thou.sands of such persons that the "Mormons" were 
guilty of every imaginable crime. 

Families were now constantly arriving in Xauvoo from La 
Ilarpe and other isolated places for protection, and in Nauvoo 
arrangements were being made for emigration. Companies 
were being organized, and committees ajipoiuted for deciding 
on what outfit would be required by those who should sally 
forth for the region west of the Rocky Jlonntains. 

Governor Ford ordered that all bodies of troops in the State 
should be discharged except a small force to be commanded 
by General J. J. Hardin ; and, accordingly, on the L'sth the 
small force of militia left at Carthage by the sheriff to main- 
tain jieacc were ordered home. 

On the odth, General Hardin, with four hundred troops, 
arrived in Nauvoo and awaited on the public .squ.irc an inter- 
view with President Young, the Twelve Apostles and leading 
men of the city. Judge Stephen A. nmiglas and Sheriff 
Hackeiistos, who also came with General Hardin, waited on 
I'resident Young, and informed him that it was hard to con- 
vince the public that the ".Mormons" were not really the 
persons who had been doing the house-burning in Hancock 
County, and that on this point they wished him to talk to 
(Jeneral Hardin. He accordingly visited the general, who 
was surrounded by his troops and slatt officers on the square. 
General Hardin read his orders finm Governor Ford, which 
were to the effect that he wa.s to keep peace in Hancock 
County, even if it was necessary to place it under martial law 
to do so. He also stated that he wished to .search for the dead 
bodies of two men who were last seen in .Vauvoo, and who 
wore supposed to have been murdered there, I'resident 
Voung a.ssured him that he was welcome to search for dead 
Ixjdies or anything cl.-e if he chose to. The general then 
inquired if he knew anything concerning them, or of any 
crimes having been committed in N'auvoo. President Young 
replied that he knew of nothing of the kind, but that he had 
reliable information that some hundreds of hcjuses had been 
burned and other projierty destroyed in the southern jjart of 



^^'5<S>' 




CTTJ^ElISriLIE in^STI?.TJOTOI^. 



131 




'^ 



the County, and that if he would go there he would probably 
find the perpetrators. He tendered the general the hospi- 
tality of the city and invited him to stay at his house. The 
general, however, did not aocejit the invitation, but answered 
that he always stayed in camp. 

The Temple, the Masonic Hall, the Nauvoo House and the 
stables of the Mansion House were then searched by General 
Hardin and his troops, for the ostensible purpose of finding 
the dead bodies spoken of They found in the Masonic Hall, 
nut dead bodies, but — about forty barrels of wild grape wine, 
which they fondly lingered about and devoted considerable 
attention to. While searching the stables of the Mansion 
House, they found where a quantity of blood had been spilled, 
and immediately summoned the landlord and demanded an 
explanation. He readily explained that a sick horse had been 
bled there, and showed them the horse. The general and 
J udge Douglas then thrust their swords into the manure, as 
if they expected to find dead bodies buried there. A. W. 
Babbitt, who stood by at the time, asked ironically if they 
thought the people of Nauvoo were so foolish as to bury 
dead bodies in the manure, when they could so easily throw 
them into the Mississippi river, which was but a few rods 
distant. 

After the general and his troops had given up the search, 
they marched out and encamped on the south side of the 
city. Shortly afterwards, a citizen named Caleb Baldwin was 
arrested and taken to the camp to be questioned in regard to 
crimes committed. Most of the questions asked him seemed 
to indicate that the officers were very anxious to learn where 
the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum Smith were buried. This 
would go to prove, as was doubtless the case, that one object 
of their visit to Nauvoo was to really find out the place of 
their burial. 

On the 1st of October, General J. J. Hardin, Judge 
Stephen A. Douglas and J. A. JIcDougal, attorney general 
for the State, met in council with the leading men of Nauvoo. 
They conversed freely on the subject of the proposed 
removal, and Vancouver's Island and Oregon were suggested 
by the visitors as suitable places for the S.iints to remove to. 
These officials afterwards reciuested by letter that the propo- 
sitions be made out in writing that they might lay them 
before the governor and people of the State. 

In reply, the council in Nauvoo sent them a copy of the 
propositions submitted to the committee from Quincy, and 
added that preparations were being made to remove pre- 
vious to the late disturbances, and that companies had been 
organized for that purpose ; but they were hindered in their 
operations by the mobbing; that they were determined to go 
to some place so far distant that they should neither infringe 
nor be infringed upon ; they would not sacrifice their property, 
nor give it away, nor suffer it to be illegally wrested from them, 
though they should not find purchasers. In conclusion, they 
said, "If all these testimonies are not sufficient to satisfy any 
people that we are in earnest, we will soon give them a sign 
that cannot be mistaken — we W[LL leave toe.m. 

General Hardin received a communcation from Governor 
Ford, in which he said : 

"I wish you to say to the Mormons for me, that I regret very 
much, that so much excitement ami hatred against them should 
exist in the public mind. Nevertheless, it is due to truth to say 
that the public mind everywhere is so decidedly hostile to them 
that public opinion is not inclined to do them common justice. 
Every bad report against them is greedily swallowed, whilst 
nothing can be heard in their favor; under these circumstances 
1 fear tlmt they will never be able to live in peace with their 



ns>7- 



neighbors of Hancock and the surrounding Counties. There is 
no legal power in the State to compel them to leave, and no such 
power will be exercised during ray administration. 

"The spirit of the people, however, is up, and the signs are 
very evident that an attempt will be made by the surrounding 
Counties to drive them out. Such an attempt may fail once or 
even twice, but if undertaken in earnest and persevered in it 
must finally succeed. Those who may think it wrong to drive 
out the Mormons cannot be made to fight in their defense, and, 
indeed, the people of the State will never tolerate the expense of 
frequent military expeditions to defend them. The Mormons 
may think themselves strong enough to defend themselves; but 
do they want to live in a state of continued war? They may 
overcome their enemies ; but those enemies will rally again, and 
murders will be committed and mischief done from this time 
out, as each partj- may find itself able. 

"I desire that you will impress these facts upon the Mormons, 
and that you will counsel and promote peaceable means of 
accommodation whereby the Mormons may be induced to leave 
the State. It is acknowledged by me that the State has no 
power to insist upon their removal, that it is a great hardship on 
them to remove from their comfortable homes and theproperty 
which they have accumulated by years of toil ; but is it not bet- 
ter that they should do so voluntarily than to live in a state of 
continual war?" 

(To be Continued.) 



»-» — ^^— <-< 



A DI ALO GUE, 

Between two Brothers, on the PriestJiood. Joseph, the Older 

of the Two, Twenty Years of Age; David, 

some Five Years His Junior. 



BT JAMES A. LITTLE. 



David. — Brother Joseph, I hear much about the Priest- 
hood. Among the Saints we often hear such expressions as 
"By the authority of the Priesthood," "We must obey the 
Priesthood," "The Priesthood are our leaders," etc. 
Although I hear so much about it, I think my knowledge of 
the subject is very limited. I would like a definite answer to 
the query, what is the Priesthood? 

Joseph. — I may not be able to satisfj' you, but, to my 
understanding, the Priesthood is the delegated authority of 
God. The term is also applied sometimes to the men who hold 
this authority, who possess a knowledge of laws and ordinances, 
by the observance of which men may be prepared to rise above 
their present low condition to the society of higher and holier 
beings. 

D. — When did the Priesthood originate ? 

J. — To our understanding it has always existed, for the 
scriptures declare that it is without beginning of days or end 
of years. 

D. — Then, I suppose, I am to understand that the Priest- 
hood is eternal, as God is eternal? 

J. — Yes, that I think is a correct view of the subject. It 
is also well to keep in mind in this connection that God and 
man are of the same order of intelligences. 

D. — I see; we are to understand that it is through this 
]'riesthood that man can rise above his present low condition 
and become an associate of the Gods. 

J.-^I think you will readily see that the Priesthood must 
have come down in succession from the higher intelligences 
to the lower, and, of course, that it has come down from 
God to us. 



.*($; 



I! 




13S 



Cr TJ'V^E! 3^ TLE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 




D — This never beglnnina; and never ending of the Priest- 
hood, makes the subject a little difficult of comprehension. 

J. — It is not worth our while to try to grasp infinitude, for 
we cannot do it. We need only go back to Adam, our 
father, and understand that he received the Priesthood from 
his Father, and that his sons have received it in succession 
from their fathers. 

D.— I wish to better comprehend how this Priesthood has 
descended through successive generations down to the pres- 
ent, 

J. — Observation teaches you that here the son inherits, by 
natural law, the form, features, temper and general character- 
istics of his parents. 

D. — Yes, I understand these existing facts; and it also 
appears to me that we have no choice in the matter. 

J. — You will also quite as readily understand that fathers 
may leave their sons many things to which they are rightful 
heirs, if they will fulfill the conditions for obtaining them ; 
such as an honorable name, a good education, wealth, etc. 

D. — I see that while we do not appear to have any choice 
with regard to our organization, we have a free agency as to 
the nature of our actions and their results. 

J- — Just so; our Father in heaven has given His children 
an organization like His own, fitted to become great and 
glorious like Himself He has given them special instructions 
how they may become like Him, and then leaves them to 
choose for themselves. 

D. — I think I understand ; it is through the powers and 
ordinances of this Priesthood that God has received His 
exaltation, and it is only through them that wc can attain to 
ours. But hnw has this Priesthood come down to us? 

J. — The children of those who had the Priesthood in the 
beginning, inherited the right to it from their fathers. When- 
ever they have complied with the nece.«sary conditions for 
its reception, its authority and powers have been conferred on 
them by the layinc on of hands. 

D.— Is is possible that the Priesthood has descended from 
Father Adam through the long centuries iu regular success- 
ion down to us? 

•I- — Not entirely so; the primitive church organized by 
Jesus and His apostles, apostatized from the faith, and for 
nearly fifteen hundred years there was no authorized Priest- 
hood on the earth until it was conferred on the Prophet 
Joseph Smith. 

T>. — If the Priesthood had not been on the earth for so 
long a period of time, how was it possible for him to obtain 
it? 

J. — Tliere could be but the one way. To connect the broken 
chain from the beginning, he had to receive the authority 
from those who formerly held it on the earth. 

D. — Then, certainly, some of the ancient fathers must 
have come and laid their hands on his head and ordained 
him. 

•1. — That is the way in which he did receive it. .Vftor 
.Foseph Smith had been prepared by the niinistrj- of angels 
and the workings of the Spirit of God within him, John the 
Baptist came and laid his hands upon his head, and upon 
the head of Oliver Cowdery, and conferred upon them the 
Aaronic Priesthood. 

T>. — M'hy should .Tohn the Baptist have come instead of 
Aaron or .some of his sons? 

J. — We learn from the first chapter of St. Luke, that the 
father of John was a priest and his mother a daughter of 



Aaron. Therefore, he was a son of Aaron and a lawful heir 
to the Priesthood of Aaron. 

D. — Still, I do not see why he should have been the man, 
especially, to ordain Joseph Smith to the Priesthood. 

J. — From the fact that he held the keys and presidency of 
that Priesthood for the first gospel dispensation, and, for 
that reason, was the one to bestow them in this, the next and 
last gospel dispensation. 

D — I remember reading in the Doctrine and Covenants 
that Peter, James and .John were sent to ordain Joseph 
Smith and others to the Melchisedek Priesthood, and, I 
suppose, for the same reason that John was sent on a simi- 
lar errand. 

J. — Your ideas are quite correct: Peter, James and John 
held the keys of the Melchisedek Priesthood in the last dis- 
pensation of the gospel previous to this, and, consequently, 
were the ones from whom Joseph Smith must receive them. 

D. — I think I understand this subject much better than I 
did, but I see it will bear much study and reflection. 

J- — Yes; in it are embraced all the powers and obli- 
gations of our holy religion, and we can never fully under- 
stand it until we learn all things that pertain to the .salvation 
of man. 




BY WILLIAM FOTHERINOHAM. 

( Continued frmn pacfe. .53. ) 
T^HE Hindoos as a people are very deficient in original 
-^ genius; but as imitators, they have few equals. The 
various artificers are .slow in getting through with a piece of 
work, l)ut they are exceedingly neat when wo take into con- 
sideration the very few tools thej- will bring into rijquisition. 

The lapidary, in poli.shing and cutting precious stones, u.ses 
a rude mill, turned by hand, having a cord projlelling a large 
wheel, which runs smaller ones, similar to a razor grinder's 
machine. The stones are fastened in a flat press, tinder steel 
wheels, and are ground into any cut the artist wi.shes. 

The Hindoo carpenter has no desire to become acquainted 
with any other tools than a chisel, a plane, a hammer, a 
rude ax, like a grubbing hoe with the eye inverted, and a variety 
of rude bits, ranging from the .size of a gimlet up to an 
inch. He uses the ground for a work-bench, and his feet 
.serve the purpose of a bench-screw. 

The tailors, shoemakers and kicdred tradesmen, do their 
work at the houses of those who require their services. 

The gold and silvet smiths, are generally yountr boys. They 
sit in the bazars, or market places, waiting to bo employed, 
when they repair to the houses of their temporary masters, 
carrying their tools in a basket, which consists of a very small 
.invil, a small pair of pinchers, a hammer, a bellows 
and a few files. The employer furnishes the .smith with a 
pan of embers, the gold and silver material and a design or 
model of what he desires to have made. The artificer per- 
forms his work in the door-yard or compound of his 
employer. 

The blaiksmilh also goes from place to place, carrying his 
tools with him. Before the keel of the ve.ssel I wished to 
build could be laid, it was necessary to have a blacksmith. 1 
despatched a coolie to a neighboring village to procure one. 



%Sr-.. 



■j^^M 




-"<s^, 



cr TJ"VEn^ I XjE ii^t'sti^.tjot'oie?.. 



133 




<3) 

(5; 



His whole outfit consisted of a peculiar forge and small fur- 
nace, an unshapely piece of iron used for an anvil, a pair of 
rude tongs, two hammers and a file. The anvil was placed on 
the ground, the striker stood in a hole in the ground, deep 
enough to bring his hands down to a level with his work- 
The blacksmith did all his work in a sitting posture. 

When it came to bolting the several pieces together, which 
formed the keel of the vessel, holes had to be bored for the 
bolts. To make an inch hole, the carpenter would bore the 
hole first with a bit the size of a gimlet, after which he 
would enlarge it with a bit of a larger size, and follow that 
with a still larger one, and so on, until the proper dimensions 
were reached. The boring apparatus was worked with a string 
and bow, a rude similarity to what is used in a blacksmith's 
shop for drilling a hole in iron. 

As soon as I perceived the Hindoo modus operandi of bor- 
ing holes, to bolt or fasten the vessel timbers, the fastening of 
which, especially the keelson and floor timbers with the keel, 
also the stern and sternpost with the keel and deadwood, being 
a very particular piece of work, as the holes would average 
from three to four feet through the solid wood, I despatched a 
runner to Cuttack, for Brother Meik to procure suitable 
augers. 

When they arrived, I had a difficult matter to get the 
carpenters to use them, and found it necessary to bore many 
of the holes a certain depth into the timbers myself, at least 
far enough to be assured that when the natives plied the 
auger, the hole would come out under the center of the keel 
stern or sternpost. 

I xilaced a little tallow to lubricate the augers within the 
reach of the carpenters that were using one of the augers, 
but as soon as they learned what it was, they dropped the 
augers and jumped from the timbers. 

On inquiring into the reason for this movement, I learned 
that the Hindoo is forbidden to touch cow's fat. The cow 
being an object of their veneration, it is defiling on their part 
to touch or handle any part of the carcass of a cow; and the 
Mohammedan is equally forbidden to touch the carcass of a 
hog. The rumors of gi eased cartridges being introduced into 
the service in India, was the cause of the revolt among the 
Sepoy troops, which cost so many valuable lives. 

While at this point, and to inform my readers of the 
peculiarities of the Hindoo and Mohammedan, I will refer to a 
matter that transpired at 'the holy city of Benares, in ISOy. 
Benares has been a Hindoo city, and the center of Hindoo 
attractions from its foundation. During the reign of Aurang- 
zeb, the Mohammedan prince, with a few of his immediate 
succe.ssor.-^, reigned at Delhi. During their reign, they 
enc )uraged and assisted the few Mohammedans who resided at 
Benares to approrpiate se->'cral of the Hindoo temples to their 
own use, and, by a few alterations, converted them into 
Mohammedan mosques. They also erected a Mussulman 
imdin-hrii, in the immediate vicinity of the Hindoo hit, or 
stone column, representing Bhairava, a subordinate Hindoo 
deity, which is highly venerated by the Hindoos. 

During the October of the year mentioned, the Moham- 
medans, near to the Hindoo Jat, erected a taboot, to celebrate 
the mahoraiii, in commemoration of the Mussulman martyred 
heroes. 

During the culebratiou uf the mahoram, which lasted a 
number of days, the Hindoos were also holding a protracted 
ponjdh. The excitement of the two opjiosite worshiping 
parties being worked up to a white heat, they began to abuse 
each other, after which llicy came to blows with swords and 



clubs. In the melee, twenty Mohammedans were killed and 
seventy wounded. The ornamental part of the miam-bra -wsiS 
demolished, and the Hindoo temple, containing the deified 
monkey, Hanuman, was wrecked and the idol turned over. 

The police force, who were composed of both parties, took 
part m the affray, and the military were obliged to be called 
out to quell the tumult. 

The richest part of the affair was, the Hindoos memorial- 
ized the resident magistrate, exonerating themselves and 
throwing the odium of the riotous proceedings upon the 
Mohammedans, gravely setting forth that the lat, or column, 
stood the shock until the Mohammedans killed a cow and calf 
and sprinkled tte blood upon the column, after which it fell 
to pieces. On the other hand, the Mohamedans alleged that 
the Hindoos set fire to the imam'hra and sprinkled the blood 
of a hog upon the tombs of those who were sepulchered in 
its sacred grounds. 

The Hindoos afterwards collected the fragments of the 
broken column, and after immersing the pieces in the sacred 
waters of the Ganges for purification, enshrined them in a 
copper cylinder, which was set upon the spot where the lat 
formerly stood. 

[To he Continued.) 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



A POINT OP ORDER WELL TAKEN. 



( Continued from page 12.5. ) 

"\ 7[ /"E had brought our sketch in the last number to the 
* '' passage of the Edmunds bill through the Senate. 
After passing that body it was sent to the House, and as is 
the custom until sent to an appropriate committee, was laid 
on the Speaker's table. When bills come from the Senate to 
the House, the general practice is to take them from the Speak- 
er's table and refer them to some committee, that they may 
be properly considered, and perhaps be amended, and then be 
reported back to the House. But the Edmunds bill was kept 
on the Speaker's table. The enemies of the Latter-day Saints 
did not wish it referred to a committe. They feared that that 
might delay its passage, and they were resolved that it should 
be pushed through without delay. 

Mr. Haskell, of Kansas, made a motion on the Sth of March 
to go to the Speaker's table for the purpose, as he announced, 
of taking up the anti-polygamy bill. The democrats gen- 
erally objected to this, but they were out-voted. The House 
then proceeded to take up the bills on the Speaker's table. 

A number were passed, some were sent to committees, and 
others went to the committee of the whole. Bills sent to the 
committee of the whole must be discussed; they cannot be 
passed hastily, and they can be amended. To send a bill, 
therefore, to the committee of the whole is to put it in a posi- 
tion where it cannot be easily passed through the House. 
There is a rule of the House to the effect that : 

"Billsmakingappropriationsof money or property, or requir- 
ing such approi)riations to be made, shall be first con.sidered 
in the committee of the whole, and a point of order under 
this rule shall be good at any time before the consideration of 
the bill has commenced." 

Our Delegate did not have the opportunity, in conKe(iuence 
of being kept out of his seat, to make any point of order him- 



r^ 



w. 




±34= 



crTj"^En^ii_,E in^sTi^TJCTOi^. 




self, but he knew that this Edmunds bill was open to a point 
of order under this rule, lie had said nothing about this to 
any one until the House was ready to consider the bill. He 
then saw one of the members and explained to him the point 
of order, and asked him to make it against the bill. This 
member is a brave man and a friend of justice and fair play, 
and though it is very unpopular to do anything in Congress 
that may seem to favor the Latter-day Saints, he readily con- 
sented to make this point of order. Other members said the 
point was a good one, and they would help to argue it, and if 
the Speaker did his duty and observed the rule, the bill would 
be sent to the committee of the whole. 

The bill was reached near the close of the day on the 8th 
of March, and the point of order was made against it. The 
House adjourned while it was still pending. The next day 
nothing was publicly done about it, though some of the 
friends of the bill proposed to have the point of order waived, 
and they would consent for the bill to be referred to the com- 
mittee on judiciary with the privilege to report it back to 
the House at any time. But this would be no advantage, as 
that committee would quickly report it back and it would be 
laid before the House for action. It was, therefore, decided 
not to yield the point of order, but to either force the bill 
into the committee of the whole, or leave the Speaker to 
take the responsibility of overruling the point of order. 

The nest time the bill came up was on the 13th of ^larch, 
when the point of order was renewed, and lengthy arguments 
were made upon it, showing clearly this bill would reijuire an 
appropriation of money from the United States treasury to 
carry it out, and the refore it ought to go to the committee of 
the whole. But these arguments were in vain. The men 
who wanted the bill passed were determined that it should 
not go to the committee of the whole, but that it should be 
pushed through the House without discussion or amend- 
ment. 

We think there are the best of reasons for believing that 
this was all arranged Ix-forehand. When the Speaker made 
his ruling, he decided that the bill was not open to the point 
of order, though he said, among other remarks, that, 

"The five members of the board proposed to be created by 
this bill arc to be i)aid a .silary at the rate of three thousand 
dollars i)cr annum. The claim is that an ajipropriation of 
money would have to be made to pay the members of the 
board, or in other words, the bill if it should become a law 
would require an appropriation of money to he made to exe- 
cute it. It is perhaps clear under the rule that if this bill 
docs rei|uire an appropriation of money out of the treasury 
of the I'nited States to pay the salaries of the offi('crs men- 
tioned, it must be first considered in the conimiltee on the 
whole." 

Mark the words of the last sentence: '"A i.t prrhaps clear 
iiniltr the rule tlmt if thix bill iIihs reqiiln mi upproprintioii 
of moiiiii out of the treoxiin/ of the Uiiitnl Sl"tix to pin/ the 
stiliirien of the nffirerx nientionul it tiiii.it In fir.tt cnnxiilered in 
the rnniiiiitte ';/' thi irhnli ." This is the whole point. It was 
this that was urged as a rea.son why it should go to the com- 
mittee of the whole. And now comes (,'HKSTEll A. 
AHTHril, ] 'resident of the Uuited States, twenty days 
after the bill passed, and .says in a mes.sage to Congre.ss, that 
an appropriation is needed from the treasury of the United 
States. Of course, for the payment of the commissioners 
appointed under the Edmunds law. By this call upon Con- 
gress, he makes clear that the point of order was a good one. 
The bill ought to have gone to the committee of the whole. 



But the Speaker decided that it should not go to that com- 
mittee. His ruling was in favor of those who wanted it 
crowded through. It ought to be said, however, to his 
credit that his manner, in making the ruling, was that of a 
man who felt he was doing a mean thing. He stammered, 
and was as awkward and bungling as a school boy, so much so 
that, as he read from a document which had evidently been 
prepared beforehand, the impression of many was that he 
was not familiar with the writing. 

It is seldom that in so brief a space of time such a 
proof as this of incorrect action and unfairness is exhibited 
before the eyes of the whole country. It may be that now, 
to preserve a show of consistency, our enemies may try to 
frame the appropriation for the payment of these officers so 
as to have it squeezed out, in some form, of the treasury of 
the Territorj'. But to do this will only be adding wrong to 
wrong; it would be a great outrage. The.se commissioners 
are created by Congress. They should be paid by Congress 
out of the treasury of the United States — and not out of the 
treasury over which it has no control. It would scarcely be 
disputed now that the Speaker ought to have sustained the 
point of order and that this bill should have gone to the 
committee of the whole. 

We make record of this to show by what methods the per- 
secutors of the Latter-day Saints accompli.sh their ends. After 
the Prophet Joseph Smith had been brought before courts of 
various kinds upwards of forty times, and had been cleared as 
often as he had been accused, his enemies found that they 
could not reach him by law. and they resorted to violence, 
saying, that if the law could not reach him, powder and ball 
could. To injure him and afterwards to kill him his enemies 
had to trample upon law. When the Saints were in Missouri 
and Illinois they were accused of a great many crimes, but 
they were accusations only. Their persecutors knew that they 
had not violated the law, and that they could not be 
reached by the law. Then they had recourse to mobocracy, 
they trampled upon all law and upon every human right, 
and with riHes and cannon and the force of overpowering 
numbers drove the Saints from their homes and robbed 
them of their po.sses.sion8. This Edmunds bill has become law 
by a similar violation of the principle of human liberty. The 
fairest and best lawyers declare that it is in violation of the 
Constitution. Its friends were determined that it should go 
through without discussion and without amendment. They 
did uot care whether it was in oppo.sition to the Constitution or 
not ; whether it was in defiance of the principles of liberty or 
not ; they wai?ted it made law, and having the power, they 
were resolved it .should be made law. The rules of the House 
had no more effect to restrain them than a brush fence would 
have to restrain a wild bull. They broke over and trampled 
upon them without any .scruple as though the end sanctified 
the means. 

The Democrats after the point of order was over-ruled asked 
time for discussion, but this was refused to them by AFr. Ha.skell 
and those who were with him. Then the Democrats fillibu.s- 
tered — that is, refused to proceed with bu.siness, and made 
dilatory motions which prevented its transaction. Finally, 
after some time si)ent in this manner, Mr. Haskell made a 
motion for a recess, and that was agreed to. 

On the I Uh, a brief time was allowed for di.scussion for 
and against the bill and for the presentation of some amend- 
ments. These however, were voted down. The bill pa.ssed 
the House, and, having been signed by the President, is to- 
day the law of the land. 



'\S>1!>, 



t2®_>5r- 




a-TJ^3±!i^ini.E iisrsTK.TJOTOi?.. 



135 




There is one lesson that these proceedings should teach 
Latter-day Saints, and that is, when they get power — as thej' 
undoubtedly will — to respect the rights of the minority. 
There are many people in this world who have an idea that 
if an object is desirable, they are justified in using any means 
within their power to reach it ; but in governmental matters 
this is not a wise or a fair course. Nothing is gained by a 
disregard of rules, or of law, or of rights. Every man, how- 
ever humble and obscure, has certain rights, and these .should 
be respected and regarded as sacred. Doubtless one of the 
objects which the Lord has in view in giving the Latter-day 
Saints the experience which we are now gaining and will gain, is 
to teach us the importance of this, so that we shall always 
be exceedingly careful of everybody's rights. 

The discussion of our aifairs brings painfully to light the 
lack of moral courage there is in public men. Many public 
men will acknowledge in private that the treatment we are 
receiving is wrong, but they dare not say this in public ; it is 
too unpopular. They are afraid of their constituents; they 
fear their displeasure and the withdrawal of their votes, and 
they consent to measures which in their secret souls they con- 
sider unnecessary, harsh and apt to produce evil consequences. 

Moral courage is a quality that should be cultivated by us 
as Latter-day Saints. It is an easy thing for a person to float 
with the tide, to go with the popular current, to agree with 
the majority; but it is a brave thing to speak and act in favor 
of an unpopular cau.se, or men, or people. While we think 
it wrong lor Latter-aay Saints to be captious and contentious, 
to yield to a spirit of strife, division and opposition, still there 
is a medium course that can be taken. The right, as it is 
understood, should always be maintained, though in humility 
and in a good spirit, even though we should differ from others 
whose good opinion we may value. They will think no less of 
us if we manifest this spirit of courage in a proper way. If 
we could impress upon the minds of our young readers the 
value of this principle of moral courage so that they will culti- 
vate it under all circumstances, we should feel that we had 
gained a great point. For, besides causing men to consent to 
wrong measures, it is the lack of this quality that causes 
them to lie, to deceive, to be hypocrites and to fear the con- 
sequences of their own acts. 

[Tu he Continued.) 



A REMINISCENCE. 



By H. F. 



WHILE in Hindoostan, studying the Marrathee, in view 
of publishing a work on the gospel and its Author in 
that language, I sought the society of the nioonshrv, versed 
in the etymology and idiom of the eastern languages branch- 
ing from the Sanscrit, as well as their collo(|uial correctness, 
they being so much the reverse of the English. 

In the native city of Poonah, about ninety miles south-cast 
of Bombay, I found quite a nest of them, one of whom 
agreed to exchange his knowledge of the Marrathee for my 
knowledge of the English. Some of these iiirjon.shffx were 
viewed as converts to the Scotch church, through the labors 
ol' the Kev. .lanies Mitchell, who resided (here many years; 
but, though adrift from heathenism, they felt restless in the 
narrow (njmpass of a traditional and corrupted Christianity. 

They had an organization in search of useful knowledge, 
and published a weekly paper in the Marrathee language, with 
auch counselors as Tom i'ayne, and kinilrcd autliors. 



The government academy had a public library, the room of 
which became our resort, and they seemed to hail the new 
"padree" complacently. On a growing intimacy, some of 
them leagued together and found, though with considerable 
difficulty, because of caste prejudices, a room in which to 
receive lectures, and it was seated and lighted for the purpose. 
Some of these friends were native professors in the academy, 
and the circumstance caused (juite a friction with the English 
professors. The fullness of the gospel and the consistency of 
its principles, with the light that lighteth every man, led to 
questions which the other side failed to answer, and eventually 
brought Mr. Mitchell and myself together on a public platform: 
he with Professors Frazer and Candy, and I with Professors 
Luximon and Vishnoo, as our committee. 

For this occasion an ancient palace hall was obtained, evi- 
dently arranged for an auaitory, with its matted terraces, 
rising as they receded. LTpon the.se squatted some four or 
five hundred persons, with heads turbaned in all the varied colors 
and styles which caste dictated, and invariably with uncovered 
feet — a custom with many others in that country, leading back 
to the time when man held communication with the living and 
true God. Moses received such instruction at the burning 
bush. 

My remembranc of this occasion is still vivid. The white 
loose clothing and the tinsel of the many colored turbans daz- 
zling in the light of the numerous cocoanut-oil tapers, with 
perfect order that would honor a higher civilization to pattern 
after were to me, under the circumstances, lastingly impress- 
ive. 

On the first night my opponent got unpleasantly out of 
humor, and on the second left during the first hour. This 
seemed to please my native friends very much, and the 
Vtcharhirey (a native print,) was jubilant, perhaps more in 
seeing the PaJree foiled than through any appreciation of the 
truth. From this event our native meetings received quite an 
accession up to the time of the holidays of the Drinillee, 
when tradition asserted the supercedence. The Hindoo has no 
Sabbath, but many hohdays commemorative of traditional 
events. 

The DewaUep. or feast of illumination, is celebrated in honor 
of various deities and their exploits, such as Pake or 
BJinwanee, who in past ages had been propitiated by human 
sacrifices; also TtsAjiot/svictory in killing the demon llireekec; 
then Sukshamee, the goddess of prosperity, is conciliated by 
the offerings of the Sonkurs (merchants and money changers). 

On the first day a light is made and dedicated to Yiiina the 
god of the infernal reigons. The second is a day of washing 
and cleansing, anointing the person, putting on clean clothing 
and ornaments, every house being illuminated all day. The 
mistress of each places new wicks in the lamps, signifying 
that God will remove all old difficulties, and make the year 
happy and prosperous; when each male member makes her a 
present of money. 

The DciDidlee keeps up for five days, commencing on the 
1 1th of November. Gambling is the ruling amusement. 

It is apparant from the nature of these ceremonies how 
much bondage fetters the mind of the devotee — all in a strug- 
gle with and in propitiation of evil and destructive agencies; 
without a ray of hope or an incentive to progress for a higher 
life. In contrast, how solid the foundation in the atonement 
(if Christ, once for all; upon which is bnilt, our faith and obedi- 
ence to go.spcl laws, with intelligence and power towering up 
in life and eternal increase. Appreciate and prize it, ye sons 
and daughters of Zion. 



J'') 



a: 



^(»\a- 



K^^'" 



136 



ur-U"V"EISriI_.E] IIDTSTI^-U-OTOE.. 



GEORGE a- CANNON, 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUOHTS. 




jINCE the revelation of the doctrine of 

patriarchal marriage, predictions have 

been frequently made by the Elders of 

this Church that God would sustain it, 

and that the day would come when its 

practice would be recognized in this land 

— a most unlikely event, especially so in 

view of the determination to destroy it by 

legislation. It has been the intention of 

the enemies of the Latter-day Saints to make 

this doctrine so odious that it could be stamped 

out. 

On the first of July, 1862, a law was placed 
on the statute book by the Congress of the 
United States to the following effect : 

"Every person having a husband or wife living, 
who marries another, whether married or single, in 
a Territory, or other place over which the United 
States have exclusive jurisdiction, is guilty of bigamy, and 
>hall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred 
dollars, and by imprisonment for a term not more than five 
years; but this section shall not e.xtcnd to any person by 
reason of any former marriage whose husband or wife by 
such marriage is absent for five successive years, and is not 
known to such person to be living; nor to any person by rea- 
.son of any former marriage which has been dissolved by decree 
of a competent court; nor to any person by reason of any 
former marriage which has been pronounced void by decree of 
a competent court on the ground of nullity of the marriage 
contract.'" 

While this was made applicable to the Territories of the 
T'riited States and other places over which Congress had 
jurisdiction, still every one knew that it was directly aimed at 
the religious belief in, and practice of marriage by the Latter- 
day Saints. Certainly it did not appear at that time, neither 
has it at any time since, at all likely that plural marriage would 
be recognized; in fact, for the jiast few years, the zeal to 
destroy this feature of our faith has grown hotter and hotter. 
In January, IST'.t, the Supreme Court declared, with the 
approving plaudit.s of all the orthodo.x preachers in the land, 
that the Latter-day Saints were not protected by the Consti- 
tution in the practice of this feature of their religion. The 
<'oiirt distinctly affirmed that Congress had the right to pa.ss 
thr law of the first of July, !St)2, aL'aiiist plural nianiage, 
and that it was not in violation of the first amendment to the 
Constitution, which .says, that "Congress shall make no law 
rcs|)ecting an establi.shment of religion, or prohibiting tlic 
free exercise thereof" 

I)uringthe past two or three years, the couspirators against 
the liberties of the people of our Territory have laid their 
plans to bring the whole power of the government to bear 
against our religion. They have appealed particularly to the 




religious element of the country— to the women in the first 
place, and latterly to the men, women and children of the 
various religious denominations, for the purpose of inducing 
them to sign petitions in all parts of the land to urge Congress 
to enact laws that shall destroy the supremacy of the Latter- 
day Saints in Utah. 

Numbers of bills have been introduced into Congress in 
response to these petitions, by men who have hoped to gain 
credit in their districts for their zeal upon this question, 
and one of them— that framed by Senator Edmunds of Ver- 
mont — has become law. 

Now it is a remarkable feature of the Edmunds law that it 
actually helps to fulfill the predictions of the Elders, to which 
we have alluded. There has always been a great aversion on 
the part of men in power in the government to doing any- 
thing that would, in any manner, recognize as legal the 
plural marriages of the Latter-day Saints. They have called 
men who had more wives than one "bigamists," "polyga- 
mists," and even have not hesitated to call them "adulterers," 
and their offspring "illegitimate" and "bastards." There 
has scarcely been any name too vile to apply to them. Those 
in Congress who have been eager for legislation of this kind 
would have scorned any proposition to legalize the relation- 
ship which exists between wives and husbands and children 
and parents in plural marriage. Yet in the Edmunds bill we 
find this remarkable section — section 7 — viz: 

"That the issue of bigamous or polygamous marriages, 
known as Mormon marriages, in cases in which such marriages 
have been solemnized according to the ceremonies of the 
Mormon sect, in any Territory of the United States, and 
such shall have been born before the first day of January, 
anno domini, eighteen hundred aud eighty-three, are hereby 
legitimated." 

Here we have, without our asking for it, an act of Con- 
gress, passed by the Senate aud House of Representatives 
and signed by the President of the United States, making all 
children born in plural marriage up to next January legiti- 
mate! Even in the estimation of the most brutish, in the 
estimation of the fiercest enemy of our people, these children 
are now all legal and all lawful issue and can no longer be 
spoken of as illegitimate ! 

Now the Latter-day Saints have not asked for legislation of 
this kind in favor of their children. It has needed no act of 
Congress to make them view their children as legitimate. 
They know, from the revelations of the Almighty, that the 
children born in the covenant are the only ones whose 
legitimacy the Lord acknowledges — all others are illegitimate. 
The passage of this act, therefore, makes no difference in the 
feelings of Latter-day Saints; but in the estimation of the 
world it does have a great effect. For the first time, since 
the foundation of the government, has Congress ever done 
anything of such a character as this— to sanction and make 
valid that which it has always denounced as sinful and 
illegal. 

The Edmunds bill has done for the Latti!r-day Saints what 
has never been done before for any religious denomination. 
As far as it has gone, it has fulfilled the predictions of the 
Elders, while not intending to do .scr, but actually intending to 
strike us a blow. This is an excellent illustration of the 
manner in which the Lord makes the wrath of man to prai.se 
Him. 

.\ow that Congress and the President say by law that the 
children born in plural marriage are legitimate, when may 
we expect all the unions under our system of i)atriarchal 



I 



^ 



-.>er 




"•^^^i^v^ 



CTTJ'V^ED^IXjE insrSTZR^TJOTOI^. 



1S7 



1 



marriage to be made legitimate also? It requires no greater 
faith upon our part to anticipate the latter than it did to 
anticipate that which has already been done for the children. 



DIVORCES are becoming so common in the United 
States, especially in Now England, that a society has 
been formed for the purpose of using an influence to make it 
more, difficult to procure them. We learned lately that this 
society had issued a notice to all preachers to have a day fixed 
on which to deliver discourses to their congregation every- 
where against polygamy. The ignorance of the members of 
this society is really pitiable. If they only understood the 
law of patriarchal marriage they would see that it is one of 
the greatest means of stopping divorces that can be adopted. 
However, we do not wish to say that patriarchal marriage is 
suited to a corrupt people, and it is the corruption of the 
people that leads to divorces. But patriarchal marriage has 
been revealed by the Lord to arrest the corruption and wicked- 
ness that are sweeping over the earth and destroying man- 
kind. 

The people of the United States are rapidly falling into the 
condition of the Romans at the time of the Savior. They did not 
believe in iilural marriage. No man among them was permitted 
to have more than one wife, but he could have concubines. 
He could also have any number of wives one after another; 
that is, when he got tired of a wife he could divorce her. 
Divorces were frequent among them, and promineot men 
among them had as many as four wives, one being put away, 
then another married ; then after awhile that one discarded, 
and another taken, and so on. They were as bad in this 
respect as King Henry VIII., of England. 

Such practices brought about the ruin of Rome, as they 
will the ruin of every nation that indulges in them. The 
Savior si)oke very plainly against divorces, for it was a great 
sin at that time. He never said anvthing against the taking 
of wives, but he did against the putting of them away. 

In Greece at the time of her greatest prosperity, divorces 
were unknown, and so strong was the feeling upon this point 
that it was infamous for a woman to marry a second husband. 
The first woman who broke over this custom, became so 
notorious that her name has come down through the centu- 
ries to us. It was Gorgophona. 

An English writer (Galton), made careful calculations 
respecting the condition of the Athenians, and to do this, 
examined their history very thoroughly. He makes the 
remarkable statement that the citizens of Athens were as 
much above the most cultivated of our race at present as we 
are above the African negro. He gives illustrations to prove 
this. The cause of the decay of that people he attributes to 
the same causes which are operating at the present time in 
many of the Eastern States. Divorces became common ; 
morality fell to a low ebb; marriage became unfiishionable 
and was avoided ; the most brilliant women did not marry, 
but led lives which we would call lives of shame. 

These are the causes which have produced the downfall of 
the greatest nations of antiquity, and they will soon destroy 
our own nation. Immigration from foreign lands, brings new 
blood into the country, but withal immorality is making 
rapid strides. 



EVERMORE! 



'i'lloiiiill a man without money is pocir, a iiiiiu with iidthiri:; 
but motK^y is still poorer. 



^^_ 



BY J. H. W.\RD. 



I beheld a golden portal in the visions of my slumber, 

And through it streamed the radiance of a never-setting day, 
"While angels, tall and stately, and countless without number, 

"Were giving gladsome greeting to all who came that way; 
And the gates, forever swinging, made no grating, no harsh 
ringing, 

-But melodious as the singing of one that we adore. 
And I heard a chorus swelling, grand beyond a mortal's telling. 

And the burden of that chorus was Hope's glad word, 
"evermore." 

And as I gazed and listened, came a slave all worn and weary. 
His fetter links blood-crusted, his dark brow clammy, damp; 
His sunken eyes gleamed wildly, telling tales i)f horror dreary, 
Of toilsome struggles through the night amid the fever swamp. 
Ere the eye had time for winking, ere the mind had time fur 
thinking. 
An angel raised the sinking wretch and oft' his fetters tore. 
Then I heard the chorus swelling, grand beyond a mortal's 
telling, 
"Pass, brother, through our portal, thou'rt a freeman ever- 
more." 

And as I gazed and listened, came a mother wildly weeping: 

"I have lost my hopes forever; one by one they went away ; 
M.v children and their father, the cold grave hath in keeping; 

Life is but lamentation, I know not night nor da.v!" 
Then the angel softly speaking: "Stay sister, sta.v thy shrieking; 

Thou shalt find those thou art seeking, beyond that golden 
door," 
Then I heard the chorus swelling, grand beyond a mortal's 
telling: 

"Thy children and their father shall be with thee evermore." 

And as I gazed and listened, came one whom desolation. 

Had driven like ahelmless bark from infancy's brip;ht land; 
Who ne'er had met a kindly look— poor outcast of creation. 

Who never heard a kindl.v word, nor grasped a kindly hand. 
"Enter in; no longer fear thee; myriad friends are there to cheer 
thee; 
Friends always to be near thee — there no sorrow sad and sore! " 
Then I heard the chorus swelling, grand beyond a mortal's 
telling, 
"Enter, brother, thine are friendship, love and gladness ever- 
more." 

And as I gazed and listened, came a cold, blue-footed maiden. 
With cheeks of ashen whiteness, eyes filled with lurid light; 
Her body bent with sickness, her lone heart heavy laden — 
Her home had been the roofless street, her day had been the 
night. 
First wept the angel sadly, then smiled the angel gladly. 

And caught the maiden madly rushing from the golden door; 
Then I heard the chorus swelling, grand beyond a mortal's 
telling: 
"Enter, sister, pure thou shall be, and redeemed for ever- 
more!" 

I saw the toiler enter, to rest for aye from labor, 

The weary-hearted exile there found his native land; 
The beggar there could greet the king as an equ:.il and a 
neighbor. 
The crown had left the kingly brow, the stafftho beggar's hand; 
Andthogate, forever swinging, nuido no grating,no harsh ring- 
ing, 
But melodious as the singiTig of one that we adoro; 
And the cliorus still was ^welling, grand beyond a mortal's 
telling, 
Wliile the vision faded from mu', with the .glad word, "KviT- 
moru. " 






^ 



.j^& 



)S^" 



138 



CTTJ'V'ElISrilJljE H^STI^TJOTOK.. 




JAPANESE SOEDIERS. 



THE Japanese are a very curious people. Not only do 
they differ from the people of our nation and the 
European nations in their manners and mode of livins, but 
even in appearance ihey are (juite different. In many 
respects they are very much tike the Chinese, while in others 
they are said to differ materially. Some of their customs are 
really very commendable, but many others would appear to 
us very absurd and others barbarous and cruel. 

Their peculiar style of dress would perhaps be the first thing 
to attract ihe notice of our younir readers on seeing for the 
first time a party of Japanese. A writer who has visited 
Japan in alluding to the apparel of the people says : 

"As in China, the dress 

consists of much the same 
articles with both sexes, 
that of the women differ- 
ing from male apparel 
chiefly in the comparative 
length of the robes and 
the mode of dressing the 
hair. A male Japanese 
may or may not wear 
trou.sers, liis liberty on 
this point being absolute, 
sometimes ainountiog to a 
practical dispensation with 
all dress whatever. 

"Tho chief articles of 
male dre,<s are robes of 
dift'ering lengths, one being 
worn unon the other, until 
a man will sometimes carry 
four or five robes at once. 
They are girt around the 
waist with a broad .■^ash, so 
that if the wearer wishes 
to remove his dress, he 
has only to loosen the sash, 
and draw his arms out of 
the sleeves, when all the 
garments fall to the ground 
together. The sleeves are 
very large, and, being 
partly clo.sed at the ends, 
are used as pockets, in 
which are carried various 
little articles of portable 
property. In the sleeves, 
for example, are carried 
the squares of white paper which serve at pocket handker- 
chiefs, and which arc always thrown away when used; and in 
the same convenient receptacle the Japanese guest will carry 
off the remains of the feast to whirh he has been invited, 
such being the custom of this strange country." 

In many respects the Japanese seem to be stereotyped, the 
.same customs prevailing now that did in the days of their 
grcat-crandsires, and perhaps mu';h farther back. Contact 
with the more highly civilized world has, however, cau.sed a 
moditiration of .some of their customs, especially in the case 
of their warfare. The accompanying picture will give an 
idea of the weapons and armor used until i|uit« recently by 
the Japanc.-e soldiers. The principal weapon is the .sword. 




^^2^ 



which the Japanese are very skillful in making, and it is said 
that "it would be difficult to find a more formidable weapon, 
even the kookery of India being inferior to it, as being 
heavier and less manageable. It is equally adapted for 
thrusting or cutting, and is so effective for the former pur- 
pose that one of these swords has been driven completely 
through a man's body by a single thrust. The balance of 
the weapon is admirable, and, though it is somewhat 
unsightly, it can be managed with perfect ease. 

"With one of these swords a Japanese will strike off a 
limb at a single blow; and so .sharp are they, that an exe- 
cutioner, in beheading a criminal, .scarcely raises the sword a 
foot for his stroke. The Japanese swordsmen practice the 
use of their weapon by means of sham swords, with which 

they fence, the combatants 
padding their limbs and 
sides, and covering their 
faces with wire masks. 
They have a very danger- 
ous cut, which is made by 
the mere motion of un- 
sheathing the sword, and 
takes effect at a distance 
where an inexperienced per- 
son would think himself 
safe. 

"So good is the temper of 
these weapons, that a 
Japanese has been known 
to sever a thick iron bolt 
with a single blow, the 
edge of the sword not 
.showing the slightest indi- 
cation of the severe test to 
which it had been put." 

As before intimated, 
"defensive armor was at 
one time much worn by the 
Jajianese, though at the 
present day the introduc- 
tion of improved fire-arms 
has caused them to aban- 
don armor, except for pur- 
poses of show. A complete 
suit of Japanese armor is 
made of multitudinous 
plates, hung upon cloth, 
and profu.sely ornamented 
by gilding. Though very 
light, it is strong enough 
to resist the blow of the 
sword, though it is worse than useless against rifled fire- 
arms. 

"The oddest part of the suit is the helmet, with its appen- 
dages. The fantastic crest is very light, being made of 
exceedingly 'bin material, covered with gilding; and is so 
.slight that a blow with a stick would crush it. 

"The bow is a favorite weapon with the Japanese, who 
expend iiivirly as much labor upon it as they do upon the 
swoiil. It is mostly Japanned in black, and adorned with 
Viiriiius decorations. Some of these bows are very jinwerful, 
and are strung in rather a peculiar manner, the archer plac- 
ing the lower end of the bow on the ground, and grasping the 
upper end with his right hand. Ho plants his right foot ou 



i"i^ 



m 




iTTJ^ElsrHLiE! I^TSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



139 




the middle of the bow, bends il with the united powers of 
his foot and right hand, and with his left slips the string into 
its place. The arrows are made like those of China, but, in 
accordance with the national character of the people, are more 
highly finished. 

"One of the strangest weapons used by the Japanese is the 
war fan. Like the Chinese, the Japanese are never without 
the fan, and are obliged, by force of long habit, to take it 
into battle. The fan which is kept for this purpose has its 
sheath made of iron, and is of very large size, so that if the 
warrior be surprised without his sword, he is sure to have his 
fan ready by way of a club. Thesis fans are decorated with 
the national emblem, a red sun on a black ground." 



IS 



BAPTISM ESSENTIAL 
SALVATIONS 



TO 



HY C. II. BLISS. 



THIS is a question of grave importance, because it involves 
the fate of every man and woman in the world. The minds 
of many have been troubled on this point, and none should 
rest satisfied until they have a perfect understanding in regard 
to it. 

There is considerable discussion and diversity of opinions 
on this subject in the so-ciilled Christian world ; and it seems 
that all that has been said about it by uninspired men has 
only tended to bewilder the mind. But while they cling to 
their own opinions and wander from the truth, we much 
prefer believing the revealed word of God. 

In Luke [vll. 29, 3u), we read that John the Baptist, a ser- 
vant of the Most High, taught baptism, and those who were 
baptized justified God, while some "rejected the counsel of 
God against themselves, being not baptized of him." No 
one will dare to say that men will be saved in rejecting the 
counsel of God against themselves. Then, as it is the counsel 
of God for men to be baptized, they cannot be saved without 
it; therefore, it is essential to >alvation. 

The Lord .sent His angel to Cornelius, and told him to send 
for Peter, who would tell him words by which he and all his 
hou.se should be saved (Acts x. 14). Cornelius did so, and 
when Peter came, "he commanded them to be baptized in 
the name of the Lord" [Acts x. 48). If Cornelius had 
rejected baptism as nou-essential, could he have been saved? 
No; for the angel told him that Peter would tell him /(ot« 
to be saved, and ! eter ''connnandi'd them to be baptized." 
According to this, baptism must be essential to salvation. 

Paul, speaking to the Galatians, says, "Ye are all the chil- 
dren of God by faith in Christ Jesus. For as many of you 
as have been hojithed into (Jlin'st have put on Clirist'" (Gal. 
Hi. 20, 27). If it is essential to "put on Christ" to obtain 
.salvation, then it is essential to be baptized, for we put on 
Christ by baptism. 

Jesus, in giving the apostles their commission, .said: "(lO 
ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, 
he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that 
believeth not," (and consc(iuently is not baptized) "shall be 
damned" {Murk xni. 1.0, 16). Here the Savior positively 
declares that it in the baptized believers who shall be saved; 
then, of course, baptism is es.sential to salvation, and who will 
dare to say it is not? 

Je.sus said to Nicodenius, "Verily, verily, I .say uiili) thee, 
cxsept a man be lioni nf inilrr'' (lliat is, baptized in water) 



and of the spirit," (that is, baptized in the spirit) "he 
cunniif enter into the kingdom of God" (John Hi. 6). If 
entering the kingdom of God is es.sential to salvation, then 
being "born of water," or, in other words, being baptized, is 
essential also, for by one we enter the other. 

The Apostle Peter, in the third chapter of his first 
epistle, says, that in the ark there were eight souls "saved by 
water, the like figure whereunto even haptism doth akso now 
save us." According to this, he taught that baptism was 
essential to salvation. 

On the day of Pentecost, many persons were convinced 
that Jesus was the Christ, which caused them to inquire of 
God's servants what they .should do, to which Peter replied: 
"Repent and be baptized every one of you in the najne of 
Jesus Christ for the remission of sins" (Acta ii. 38). If 
baptism was not essential to salvation, why did Peter com- 
mand them to be baptized? 

When John was in the wilderness he preached "Baptism 
of repentance for the remission of .niis" (Mark i. 4). He 
preached the same doctrine in all the country about Jordan 
(Luke Hi. 3). Peter commanded the people to be baptized 
"for the remission of sins" (AcU ii. 38). Ananias .said to 
Paul, "Why tarriest thou? Arise and be baptized and ivash 
airay thy sins" (Acts xxii. 16). From these quotations we 
learn that baptism is "for the remission of sins." Is the 
remission of sins essential to salvation? If so, baptism must 
be, for one is obtained through the other. 

It is repeatedly stated in the scriptures that it is they who 
do the will of God that will enter the kingdom of heaven. That 
it is the will of God for people to be baptized, no reasonable 
person will deny. Then, they who sav "Lord, Lord," and 
reject baptism, will surely receive that woeful doom, "depart 
ye cursed ! I never knew you." 

The apostles spoke by the authority that God had given 
them. What they told the people, while in the line of their 
duty was as binding on them as though the Lord had done 
it Himself Their words were the words of God. And wrien 
they commanded the people to be baptized they must comply 
or lose .salvation, for no one can be saved in disobeying God's 
commandments. 

If baptism is not essential to salvation, why does the Lord 
require it? The fact that He requires it, is enough to prove 
that it is essential. 

Some have supposed that the thief who was crucified beside 
the Savior went to heaven, and it is believed that he was not 
baptized ; therefore, it is argued if one can be saved without 
baptism others can, and consequently, it is not essential to 
salvation. But this supposition is not true, for Je-sus siid to 
the thief, "to-dny shalt thou be with me in Paradise," and 
three days afterwards said to Mary, "Touch me not for I horc 
not yet nscended to my Father. According to this. Paradise and 
Heaven are two distinct places, and as Jesus did not go to 
Heaven, neither did the thief; for they were both together in 
Paradise. 

"If it is necessary for every one to be baptized," asks one, 
"what will become of the good people who have died without 
having that privilege?" 

To this we may reply that the dead who died without hearing 
the gospel will have it preached to them as it was anciently. 
( /. Pet. ir. '), (V), They who obey it will be saved and they who 
reject it will be condeumed, as though they were in the flesh. 

"But," says one, "a dead per.son cannot be bajitized." Very 
true ; but («od in His infinite wi.sdom provided a way in which 
the dead can be baptized for, by proxy, as shown by Paul in 



^^,_ 



m 



^ 



liO 



CTTJ'srEin^irjE iintsti^/TJOtoz?.. 




the questions (/. Cur. xc. 29): "Else what shall they do who 
are hoptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? Why 
are they then baptized for the dead?" 

Paul was not speaking about hapti'sm for the dead, but the 
resurrection of the dead, and brings up baptism for the dead 
as a proo/ of the resurrection, by asking why they were "bap- 
tized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all" But this 
plainly shows that "baptism for the dead" was both believed 
and practiced by the early Christians. 

Enough has now been said to prove to any reasonable per- 
son that baptism is essential to salvation, and the arguments 
against such a doctrine have been sufficiently refuted. So, let 
all people prepare themselves and be baptized, under proper 
authority, for the remission of sins, that they may be saved 
in the kingdom of God: for what shall it profit a man if he 
gain the whole world and lose his own soul? 



REVIE\V OF AN ACTIVE LIFE. 



BV G. G. 




( Continued from page 117.) 

AT the latter end of the year 1856, a call was made one 
Sunday afternoon in the Tabernacle, for volunteers to 
start immediately after the close of the meeting to the foot of 
the Little Mountain, with shovels to clear away the snow, 
which was over two feet deep. This was for the purpose of 
making a suitable camping place for a company of emigrants, 
traveling with hand-carls, who were expected in next day. I 
and several others volunteered to go. 

We reached a large barn near the Penitentiary that even- 
ing, where we lodged for the night. Early next morning we 
started up Euiigralion Canyon through deep snow. I became 
discouraged and so completely exhausted (and being alone, 
my companions having gone ahead of me), that 1 had serious 
thoughts of giving up the struggle and lying down in the 
snow. Had I done so, a few minutes would have terminated 
my earthly existence, for the weather was very cold. Just at 
this criMS of my experience, a brother aet me and cheered 
me up by telling me I was within a few rods of camp, which 
inspiied me with renewed courage and ambition, until my 
destination was reached. 

After resting a short time, I labored with the rest of the 
brethren until we had prepared a place for the company's 
reception. 

On the 8rd of January, 1S5T, Hyrum, our twelfth child was 
born. Ou the first of February next I married my second 
wife. 

During the April Conference of the same year, I was 
called to go upon a mission to Canada. Sixty-nine others 
were also called to dilTercnt parts of the earlh, all of whom 
had to cross the plains with hand-carts. This was the only 
hand cart company that ever left Salt Lake City for the 
eastern frontiers. 

On the L':'>rd of April, at eight o'clock a. m., we assembled 
on the Temple Block to receive our licenses and listen to 
addresses delivered by Elders Orson Hyde, Lorenzo Snow, 
W. Woodruff and Jeter Clinton. At ten o'clock, we started 
for our fields of labor, headed by the Nauvoo Band, which 
played some lively tunes. Quite a number of citizens also 
accompanied us for about a mile and a half. Here we halted. 



returned thanks to the band, gave three cheers, and then 
proceeded on our journey. 

I was appointed chorister and journal keeper. We had 
twenty- six hand-carts in the company. We reached our camp 
ground, in Florence, on the morning of the 10th of June, 
being forty-eight days on our journey from Salt Lake City. 
We traveled a distance of one thousand and thirty-two miles, 
making an average day's travel of twenty-one and a half 
miles. 

On reaching Florence, our traveling organization was 
dissolved and I was appointed to sell by public auction our 
carts, bedding and utensils. This was done near the 
store of Alexander C. Pyper, then a merchant in that city, 
whose generous hospitality the company had abundant 
reasons to be grateful for. We were also made welcome on 
our arrival there by many other brethren. 

On the 13th of June, I, with many others, took a steamer 
for St. Louis, and arrived there on the 18th. Here we met 
Brother Horace S. Eldredge in his office. On Sunday, I and 
five others bore faithful testimonies of the work of God to a 
large congregation. 

From thi.s point, the missionaries moved oif in different 
directions towards their fields of labor. Isaac Hill and I 
being both appointed to Canada, left on the 23rd, by steamer 
on the Mississippi as far as Cairo, thence on the Ohio 
River to Liverpool, twelve hundred miles from St. Louis. 
Here we stayed a few days, visiting among Lsaac Hill's 
relatives. We also preached to an attentive audience on 
Sunday, the 6th of July. We left here by rail for Cleveland, 
and thence by steamer to Buffalo, which place we 
reached after twelve hours sail. In two hours we started 
across the lake for the Canada side, and in a short time 
reached the Niagara Falls. We feasted our eyes upon the 
grandeur of the scene, which was beyond description. Its 
beauties must be seen to be appreciated. 

Leaving the falls, we stepped aside into a secluded part of a 
forest, where we bowed before the Lord and dedicated our- 
selves to the work of the ministry in that land. 

After traveling a few miles farther, we came to where 
a brother of John Gleason resided, to whom we had letters of 
introduction, and by whom we were kindly received and 
entertained. Two hours after our arrival, another missionary 
made his appearance, by the name of Stephen H. Goddard. 

Mr. Gleason being a farmer, and much in need of help in 
cutting, hauling and stacking hay, etc., we all went to work 
and rendered him what aid we could, as there was no chance 
to hold meetings except on Sundays. I found myself a very 
poor hand in the use of the fork and sickle, hut could clean 
up the barn and do other chores. W'a spent part of our 
time going around the neighborhood and inviting the people 
to come to our meetings on Sunday. 

In this way, we continued for a few weeks. Being 
impressed that if I went to a more populous part of the 
country I would be able to do more good, I started alone for 
St. (Catherine, without a cent in my pocket. Mr. Gleason 
could not suppress his tears when he saw me start off under 
.such circumstances, knowing that strong prejudices existed 
everywhere on account of the rrcent death of Parley P. Pratt. 
This was my fir.st experience in traveling without purse and 
scrip. While on my way' to St. Catherine, I was seldom 
refused either food or lodging. I generally appealed to the 
people as a minister of the gospel of Jesus (!hrist, without 
purse and scrip, and when agreeable would sing a few "Mor- 



_^ o/f<S; 






J'TJ'\^Ein5riLEl in^STI^TJOTOE.. 



141 




mon" songs to them. This I found a great help to me in 
allaying prejudice and creating a kind, hospitable feeling. 

On reaching St. Catherine, I called on the editor of the 
leading newspaper, told him who I wa.*^, how I and between 
sixty and seventy others had crossed the plains, a distance of 
more than one thousand miles, hauling with hand-carts our 
bedding, food, etc , and asked him if he would publish an 
account of our trip in his paper, without any comment or 
charge. To this he consented, and I wrote several articles for 
his paper. On one occasion, I called at his office, and, find- 
ing no one there, I .seated myself at one of the desks and 
began writing. He soon came in and seemed pleased to see 
me writing for his paper. It was nearly twelve o'clock, and I 
was hungry and had no money in my pocket. At noon he 
walked out, and I followed him, walking by his side and 
keeping him busy answering questions, until he rt'ached his 
home. "There," said he, "is my little domicile." 

I complimented him on having a nice, , cosy home, and 
said, "If you have no objections, I'll go in and have some 
dinner with you. He cordially invited me in and introduced 
me to his .sister, who kept house lor him. 

During the few weeks it was my privilege to labor in the 
ministry in that country, the Lord provided me with food, 
lodging and clothing. Through the .suggestions of His Holy 
Spirit, I would sometimes adopt one plan and sometimes 
another to obtain what I required. My experience has 
taught me that the Lord is ever ready to help those who are 
willing to help themselves. 

On reaching Toronto on the 2.'3rd of September, Stephen 
H. Goddard and I, having spent the last three cent piece 
we had, were kindly welcomed by David E. Norton, an old 
Nauvoo brother, and his wife. A letter also awaited us there, 
with instructions for us to return home to Zion with all 
possible speed. We were introduced to the few Saints living 
in Toronto, gave them what counsel was necessary and read 
our letter to them. We re-baptized Brother Norton and 
ordained him an Elder to preside over the Saints there. 

In a few hours, we found ourselves in posses-ion of means 
and clothing sufficient to take us to Florence. Thus the Lord 
opened up our way in a most marvelous manner. 

We arrived at Florence, near Omaha, on the 17th of 
October, where, on account of the lateness of the season, we 
had to remain until the following spring before starting on 
the plains for home. 

{ To he Continued. ) 



THE SACRAMENT 



BV LUL.\. 




Little ones, the Savior loves you: 

For He died that you might live: 
Would you feel that He approves you? 

Heed the words His servants give. 
Uome to Sabbath School each Sunday, 

Come with wi.se and pure intent ; 
And remember, 'tis the one day. 

Saints may take the Sacrament. 

If you've hurt a little brother. 

Or to sister been unkind, 
Cross' d your father or your mother, 

Failing their good words to mind— 



If you feel yourself offended. 
Rest not with a wrong, content: 

All such things should be amended. 
Ere you take the Sacrament. 

While you eat and drink, 'tis fitness, 

In your little hearts to pray; 
For this token is a witness. 

That you will the Lord obey; 
Pray to Him. and He will hear you. 

And His Spirit will be lent. 
And good angels will be near you. 

While you take the Sacrament. 

Little chilldren, love the Savior! 

For He died that you might live; 
Lay aside all rude behavior. 

And He will your faults forgive: 
Fear no harsh, unkindly sentence, 

Mercy sweet from Heav'n is sent; 
Come with faith and true repentance, 

And partake tho Sacrament. 



WADI^^G IN THE BROOK. 



The sea-son of the year is coin-ing 
when little boys like to take off their 
shoes and wade in the t-treanis. They 
think it nice fun. If, how-ever, they had 
to work up to their knees in wa-ter ev-er-y 
day, to earn a liv-ing, they would prob- 
ably not think it snch fun. 

We know of lit-tle boys who have been 
coax-ing their moth-er this spring to let 
them go V)are-foot. When they see oth-er 
lit-tle boys run-ning a-round with-out 
shoes or stock-ings on, they real-ly en-vy 
them. And they think it ver-y un-kind 
in their moth-er to re-fuse to let them 
do the same. But if they had lived in 
IJ-tah thir-ty years ago, as their fa-ther 
did, they would have been more like-ly to 
cn-vy the boy who had shoes. Their fa-ther 
then went bare-foot, but not from choice: 
he coidd not get shoes to wear. lie used 
to have to herd cows and run af-ter tliem 
throimii wa-ter and ovei" rocks and stub- 



'J2^ 



m 




14S 



CrU^EIJ^ILE II^STI^XJOTOIu. 




ble iin-til his feet Avonld oft-en bleed. He 
siif-fered so much for want of shoes then, 
that he can ajvpre-ci-ate them now. 
When he thinks of his ear-ly days he feels 
glad that his l»oys are bet-ter pro-vi-ded 
for. But he would al-so like to see them 
ap-pre-ci-ate their priv-i-leg-es. 

Boys are ver-yai)t to de-sire that which 
is not good for them to have, or which 
their par-ents for-bid. Now, the lit-tle 
boy in the pic-ture seems to be en-joy- 
ing the fun of wad-ing in the bro(^k. 




lb,' has ])iol)-a-bIy teased liis uiotli-er 
man-y a time to al-low him to ])ull olT liis 
boots and wade in the wa-ter. Jlis moth- 
er, though, sees that there is dan-gcr in it. 
Kven if he should not get in. to d(H'p 
wa-ter. o-ver his head, and (h'own, he 
mighl \:\kr cold, ;md she will not eon- 
sent. 

Ibit lir lias gone 1o the ei'eek with-oiit 
his motli-ei- know-ing it. |iidle(| his boots 
olK ])Ut one iiu-dcr each arm. and is wad- 



ing down the stream, with-out think-ing 
of deep holes or dan-gei'. 

We hope he will not drown. His death 
would be a se-vere loss to his i^ar-ents, 
who ]_)er-haps have no oth-er lit-tle boy. 
Be-sides, they are not to blame for his 
go-ing in-to the wa-ter. He is to blame, 
but if he is drowned he can-not prof-it by 
the les-son his dis-o-be-di-ence will teach. 
We would not be sor-ry, though, if he 
got a good "duck-ing" and frio'ht, for he 
might learn a les-son by that, and not be 
so read-y to dis-o-bey his par-ents again. 

The i)ath of o-be-di-ence is the path of 
safe-ty. Man-y a boy has had to suf-fer 
and e-ven die on ac-count of his dis-o-be- 
di-ence; and man-y a par-ent has come to 
li'rief through see-ina; his chil-dren dis-o- 
bey. We hope our lit-le read-ers who 
have good and kind par-ents will al-ways 
fol-low their teach-insi'S. 



ALPHABET IN RHYME. 



SPELL IT OUT. 

HtiRE is an alphabet which will make you study, (rct 
out your Bible and tuvn to the places. When you have 
iouud them, read and remember: 

.•\ WHS !i iDonarch, who ruigned in the East, [K.ither i. 1.) 
I? was 11 Chaldean, who made a great feast; (Vim. v. 1-4.) 
C was veracious when others told lies; (Num. rlii. 30-33.) 
I) was a woman, heroic and wise; (./iii/i/is ir. 1-14.) 
K was a refuge, where David spared Saul; (A Sinn, .r.rio. 1-7.) 
F was 11 Unman accuser of Paul; (Arts .r.i-ir. 2 ) 
C, was a garden, a frequent resort; (.Talin .n-iii. 1, 'J; Mutt. .r.t:i-i. 3(1 ) 
H was a city, where David held court; (II,. Simi. it. 2.) 
I was a mocker, a very bad boy; (Gin. .n'i. 10.) 
.T was a city, prejiared as a joy; (I'xii/i/i.s r.r.i;j:vii. 6.) 
K was 11 father, whose son was iiuite tall; (/. Sam. ix. 1, 2.) 
L was a pruud one. who had a great fall; (Isii. xiv. 12.) 
-M was a nephew, whose uncle was good; (Col, ii>. 10; Arf.-< .ri. 24.) 
N was a city, long hid where it stood; (Zi:/j/i. ii. 13.) 
O was a servant, acknowledged a brother; (I'liiliumm. i. Hi.) 
P was a Christian, greeting another; (//. Tim. iv. 21.) 
li was a damsel, who knew a man's voice; (Arts xii. 13, 14.) 
.S was a sovereign, who made a bad choice; (/. Kin<i-i j-L 4-11.) 
T was a seaport, where preaching was long; (.^rfs x:r. i>, 7.) 
I' was a teamster, struck dead for bis wrong; (//. .'■'inn. vi.l.) 
V was a cast-otl'. and never restored; (Kniheri. 19.) 
'/. was a ruin, with .sorrow deplored; (I'talmn nxxxvii.i.) 



\ I.ITTI.K will .serve to .'Su.staiii us c-nmrortably, and a LTcat 
ileal can do no more. 



«> 



Ii 



3K 



iif'SP 



m> 




CTTJ^EITILE rnsrSTI^.TJGTOI?., 



143 




ANTHEM-"Let Ood Arise, let His Enemies be Scattered. 



Music by John S. Lewis. 



S=s 



= =t::; 



__»,_ 



z^i:z»: 






Let 



God a - rise, let His 



EEE 



z^- 



—I — •--= — •! ( — c!- 



en - e - mips bo scattered: let tliein al - so that hate Him 









r|5= 



-« — t>i- 



Let God a - rise, lot His en - e - mios be scattered; let them al - so that hate Hiiu 

H« — m — m — m — , — *^— « — m — « — ^ . 1 v. — :>- 



E?=?^=i: 



=t==t=^=fc:q=l^=t^=t2= 



i^z 



-^—^Z 






,-V 



^-^z 



~jat--^i 



flee be • fore Him. 



-o~r- 



-| « -"S — 'i — 

flee be - fore Him. As smoke is driv - en a 






2:fc: 



--■^——. 



t—=^z 



:^-'z:^t;z='^ =ii;?r j 



way, so 



drive them a - way: as wlix meltetli be - 



-p^' 



it=^; 



\B-^ 



^^^^ 



irzT 



~p — ^- 



mi 



z±z 






-p — =1- 



Let 



fore the fire 



-9- 






so let the wicked per - ish at the presence of 



■p 



God. 



I'^t 



:q=t2. 



1^ 



t,ti 



J«=^: 



-> 



:z*=qvz|-^z 



zz^—-zz^z 



=fs=::^-: 



God a - rise, let His en - e - mies be scat - tored: let ihoiu al -so that hate Him flee be - fore Him 



-Jt~ 



-^7 



z^*^^«!z: 



-« ^ Oc 



s ^^ ^»«-*»? 



3'*=«- 



>^> 



~jyl^ 



-^ 



(rod a - rise, let His en 






:2:zz;3-^r%7:^=P: 



:^^ 



^zD-*:i:-:s:iersz 



^ 



'^^ 



-t=: 



i; 



e - niies be scat - tere 1: let theui al - so that bate Him flee 
t^=z^— ^7zzliz=g:=gz3&z— liz-j=g=^i=a— ;^=z*r:|z:jz 



before lliiii. I*>iit 



:|== 



z^=ztz::Etz:; 



-^=J: 



i^fe.z 






zrz1=r;!^— i^^^-Jz:z1^z:3-=^-i^-■Jr=:1-]rJ=^=^zTZi^'— d 



^Z^zzrzlz 

zz:^zzzii:-zr*£zz:„zzJzZj^'^jpzz:^z^i ^ 

let the righteous be glad; let them re-joiccbe - fore God: yea, let tlieiii ex - ceed-ing-ly rejoice. 




144 J-D-^IEnsriLE II^STI^TJOTOI?.. 





±. 



Sing un- to God. sing parises to His name, sing un -to God. sing praises to His name, siilg uu - to God, sing 



=^=i^ 



zmiiMti 



—^-^ — -■ — I r*-^ •—^1 



;c2i 



:Mzimr:Mzzmzz 



--=\- 



!*=*_ 



_eS; 



-4» 

-40 rf *» 



=--v — ^ 



Singun-to God, sing praises to His name, sing un- to God, sing praises to His name, sing un - to God, sing 

-p— * • <» p ^-P— ,-P— * — -__ — ^ — fS__,_p_^^_«_^-_^_,_i«_H«__ — ._ — |i2_^_i« — Pi-P — -- — m- 



5=1 



^=1^: 



:;^=t2i 



:c=l^:=5=p=t2: 



:'^=t£: 



l^tt: 



i 



rtzizzt^jizzjr 




r^i^ 



:l2^ti= 






ex - tol Him that rideth up - on the heavens,ex- 

i 



1 



_p_q- 



praises to Hisname:ex - tulHimthatridetli up - on the heavens: ex -tol Him that rideth up - on the heavens, ex- 




tol Him that rideth up - on the heavens by His name Jab, and re - joice before Him. re -joice before Him, re- 
re - joice - - - - - 




=^=•1 



-Ji_>- 



^-m=m- 



j^-.^-_ 



IHM^ZM—Mz 



-J— 4-,-J- 



.^rs^^j^--^. 



—I 1 1—, — I III, 1 iw — X-, — i^^ — P— f*-- ^ 1 \1^ i-m---^^- 




tol Him that rideth up - on the heavens by His name Jab, and re - joice before Him,re- joice before Him, re- 



ggEgEgEgZg£gi^Zi^EgJ 3 



1-^- 






^^ 



^--^.^-^- 



r=1— ^- 



^^^-^'- 



?\^ ^ fn^L * - * 


-zi-3>» -h"^ — ^._ 


—r^ "«-^ — h 


^ ^ ^ 1 n 

1 1 1 — a — 


r^- 1- 


/> 




joice before Him, re - 


w- m m ^ ^ m 
joioo lieforo Him. A - 


men, a - men, a - i 


aieu, a - men, a - 

'• « p J 


men. 


a - men. 

1 .: 


-1 


>i^— Cjrr^p^r^: 




fi^ ' ;-p-»--^p - 

joice betore Him, re , 


joice before Him. A - 


men, a - men, a - i 

..p.. . - , 

1 1 p ! I'l^ " 


nen, a - men, a - 

-P 1 

1 « p Sp : 


men, 

-—IS- — i — 


a - mm. 


— ==1 — ■ 


l^-'V P 1— k - 1<! --^ 


-1 — k- X W — -k-j 


^^-^-W^-k— 


1 \-^ — ^J 


_| ' 


— 1 — *— 





Thk iinswer.s to the Eni(?ma-; |)ubli*luKi in No. ti iire Watch 
and Raixbow. We havp received cr)rrect solutions to the first 
from William Brewor. Hennefer; Hannah Hansen, Fillmore; 
Joseph Anderson, Lehi: George H. Crosby. Jr., Benjamin B. 
Crosby, Leeds; GeorRe Bennett, Richard Venable, .Fohn 
Criddie, George R. Bennett, Thomas B-nm'tt, Sarah E. Bennett, 
ICaysville ; Anne Peterson, Huntsville ; Jane Bowen, Herriman ; 
Jane Faux, Moroni; Mary E. Kirk, Tooele; .Mary .S. Withers, 
Alice Lloyd, West Jordan; Tacy Conrad. Sarah Oltilie Schoen- 
tVld, Salt Lake City. 

The second Eni(;nia ha-s been correctly solvrd by (Jeor^e H. 
Crosby, .Ir., Benjamin B. Crosby, Leeds; .Joseph Anderson. 
Lohi ; Hannah Hansen, Fillmore: Willmm Brewer, Hennefer; 
Esther Waters, Sprinjfville; Mary S. Withers, Alice Lloyd, 
West Jordan; Clarissa A. Faux. Moroni; Mary E. Kirk, 
Tooele; Sophronia Larson, Priseilla Anderson. Brigham City; 
Jane Bowen Herriman : Tacy Conrad, .Salt Lake City. 



\^2^_ 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



OEOROR Q,. CANNON, 
('KORGE C. LAMBERT, 



. ... EDITOR, 
BUSINESS MANAGER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Cupy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half block."* wi'st "f" 
the Tabernacle. Salt Lake City. 



.il^^ 



