
VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, 6ATUKDAY, AUGUST 5, 1871. 



NO. 16. 



oxTiT o:f i^ a. a- xj s .a. . 



riHie cngr 
i Cityo 






graving at the head of this article is a likeness of the 
■ of Ragusa, the smallest ship that ever crossed the 
great Atlantic ocean. Many of the readers of the Juvenile 
Instructor have crossed the ocean in emigrating from Europe to 
this country, and they have some idea of the; danger and risk 
of such a voyage in large, powerful and well-built ships; but it 
is beyond their power to form tlie least notion of the danger of 
the journey in such a very small boat as the one our engraving 
represents. Li fact, 
her safe arrival last 
Fail, in the jiort of 
Boston, IMassiichu- 
setts, we think it 
was, from Liver- 
pool, England, was 
considered a b o u t 
the most wonderful 
event iu the history 
of sea voyages; and 
the men wlw jieril- 
ed their lives by 
attemi>ting such a 
trip were looked 
upon as little better 
than madmen; and 
the event was so 
unusual that we in- 
tend to give our 
readers some facts 
alKiut the wond<'r- 
ful little ship, and 
her journey to this 
counlry and back 
again to liiverpool. 
The City of 
Ragusa, (iirmerly one of ihe boats beliinging to a ship 
lalleil the IJiiKtse, which (iiundcre<l in a storm in the English 
C'hiiimel, Hub,S('<iU(Hitly bec.ime the projierty (if .Mr. I'rim- 
orez, the pii^sent owner and i-apfain, who had a deck liuilt over 
her; and he, in company with one other man, to liclp him to 
work the little crad, and a bull dog, left Liverpnul sunietinu' 
laxt SuniMHT and liarbon-d sal'ly this side of the Atlantic 
afU^r a voyage of a trifle over ninety days. They expeeU-d to 
reach Aincriia in fifty, but storms were frc(|uen(, and their ex- 
perience in managing and cimtnilling such a .small ship, mi Ihe 
ocean so limil<Mi, that tlwy mis-ralctllated Iho length of time 
the voyage would R'tjuirc. However their wife arrival in thin 



tUt 



country in ninety odd days was looked upon as little less than 
miraculous. 

As the season was far advanced when they reached here, — 
it being the latter jiart of September, Jlr, Primorez and his 
crew did not think it safe to return before Spring, and they 
accordingly wintered in this country, and, on the 2.1rd of last 
May, they in their infant craft left New York on the return 
trip to the shores of Great Britain. 

The ercw on this 
as well as the jire- 
eeding voyage con- 
sisted of two men, 
Captain Trimorez, 
and Mr. Ilayter, a 
New Zeala n d e r ; 
the biJl dog also 
returned with 
thorn. 

When they left 
New Yiirk, the lit- 
tle ship had aboard 
several hundred 
lirieks, one h ti n - 
dred and twenty 
>:alloiis of water, 
li V t' h u n d r e d 
piiunds of c(ial, and 
a good stock of pni- 
visiiiMs and comi- 
liMls. On th e 
third day cml. they 
i-.iii one hninlred 
and sixl.v niili'S, 
aTi<l t'rii|Mently dur- 
ing the trij) seven 
miles an hour were made ; but the average rate oC tin' whole 
voyag<: was friur and a hall miles an hour. When they reached 
N(;wfoundland they encoimt«'red very ba<l weather, and lor ten 
days they were in great danger fiiim heavy gales and iceberj;s. 
The wi'ather duritix (he whole voyage was so untiivorable that 
the Captain onlv saw the sun rise ami set once. 

I'hey reached ()Meenstowii on the second "I' -Inly, having 
been tiiirly-eight da.vs from .\ew Vnrk to that pnint. On the 
niuht cif tlie arrival at (^ueen.>.to\vn, Capl.-iin I'rimorez and his 
ercw, by way of diver>i()n after their perilous voyage, amuscMl 
themselvi's with cat<liiiig a .voung sh.irk, which tliey did by 
baiting a lini' with a pii'ce cf I f. an<l while tlie ^ll.■ll■k \v;is 






J- TJ "V E isr I L E I]N"STI^"CrCTOI^, 






;iftcr the beof they slipped a noose around his tail and hauled 
him aboard the Kagusji. 

When it is remembered that the City of Eagiisa Vfeighs 
only one ton, is one and three ijiiarter tons burden, is only six 
feet wide and nineteen feet long, our readers ■will at onee under- 
stand that a voyage aeross the Atlantie ocean in sueh a small 
eraft is attended with sueh risk and jieril that it may well be 
considered the most extraordinary voyage ever made. 



a n Tj :r. c HI. 

{Vontinucd.) 



T h: E 



ANL'^IJJEH (if persons had worked in the pineries of Wis- 
c<jiisin Tcmtory, mider the direction of Lyman Wight and 
George Miller, in cutting timber and sawing lumlier for the 
Temiile, and were, therefore, called the I'inc Company. This 
company Lyman Wight and George MOler had the privilege 
granted to them of taking away ; and these were the only ones 
of the Saints who had liberty from President Young and the 
Twelve tn leave the city. President Young told them jniblicly 
from the stand that ii' they ^Lynlan Wight and George Miller) 
took a course contrary tn the cnunsel of the Twelve and would 
not act in concert with them, they would be damned and go to 
destruction. At the same time he .s;iid that if men would not 
stop striving to Ix- great and exalted, and would jiersist in lead- 
ing away parties from the place of gathering, thereby weaken- 
ing his and his brethren's hands, they would fall and not rise 
again. These predictions were fultilled to the very letter. 
Lyman Wight did nut act in concert with the Twelve; he led 
the people into difTuulty and ap')st,i.«y ; be lost his apostleship, 
ami another took bis place. George .^lillir aft'TWards took the 
.s;inic course, and with tiie same results. lie lost bis ofRcc and 
.-standing in the Chunb, and like Lyman Wight, diid in ajius- 
ta.sy. 

I'n'.>ideiit Young and liic otlur .Vpostlcs knew that the 
Cburcb would have to leave N'auvoo and go into tin/ wilderness. 
Tile I'liiphct .bi.sepii had predict<'d this, and hi" bad talked anil 
counseled fn-ely with them befiirc his death respecting the 
Hoi'ky I'^diuntains. and the Saint.s linding a borne and an abiding 
place in their valleys, where they could dwell in peac<i and I'ar 
ninoved from uiobs. It was well known liy many that the 
Saint.s Would move there, probably at no ilislant ilay ; and .some 
appeared lo think that tliey muld go into the wilderness at 
oiKT. In this tliey made a great mistake. It would have been 
iM'tter for them if ibey had reinaineil in ignorance, for awhile at 
Ii'a.>«t. of till' i|e,ign of the \t<\A respieling His people; lor then 
they nii::ht have been content to have dwelt with (he Saints 
and helped lo <iimplct<' the Temple and (inisli up the work 
whii h had to he rlorie at .Nanvixi. These people who were 
desirous til go into llie wilderness .seemed to think that, hceanse 
it had Iweii revealed that the Saint.s would go there at .some 
time, they Wen' jusliljed in going there then. IJut in the work 
of (iod there is a right lime at which to perform works of thi.^ 
kind, and if liny are not (lerformed tlieri, they are wromr. .^b■n 
should await tlie (inn- of tbi' l/ird. l''or in.'-lanee, the I/ird 
revedeil to ihe Prophet .lo.seiih in an earl.v day .some points 
loiineiled with tlie doll riiie of Cele.sli.il .Nfania'.'e. ||e was 
lold thai il was In obey (ioil'.s will thai His aneieiil servants 
had taken mop' wives lh:in ime, and lie pnihably li'.inieil, also, 
that His sa'rvanls ill these d.'i,\ i would bi' eoliinianded to carry 
out this principle. The Propiiel .lo.ueph, however, look no 
liiense from Ibis ; he was f<iiit4'ril to await the p|e;i.min" and 
i-oiiimand of the I/ird, knowing that il was as sinful to enter 
upon the praetiei' of a prineiple liki; ihi.s Iteforc Indng com- 
niandcd \t> do .w>, as it would he lo disoln'y it when ref|uircd t<^i 



carry it into effect. Not so with Oliver Cowdery. He was 
eager to have another wife. Contrary \a the remonstrances of 
Joseph, and in utter disregard of his warnings, he took a young 
woman and lived with her as a wife, in addition to his legal 
wife. Had Oliver Cowdery waited until the Lord commanded 
His jieople to obey this principle, he eoiJd have taken this 
young woujan, had her sealed to him as his wife and lived with 
her without eondenniation. But taking her as he did, was a 
grievous sin, and was doubtless the cause of his losing the 
Spirit of the Lord and of being cut off from the Church. The 
Lord will be honored by His peo])le, and if they desire His 
blessings, they must not run before they are sent. 

Thus it was in regard to these people who were eager to go 
m\K) the wilderness ; when the Lord wanted them to go He 
would reveal it to His servant Brigham, and he could give the 
necessary counsel ; until then, they had no right to move a step. 
The Pine Company, as it was called, had the privilege of going 
with Lyman Wight; but not another soid. He wanted to go 
South ; but at a council of the Twelve Apostles, held on August 
24th, he was coun.seled tti go Xorth. He was a headstrong man 
and was determined to carry out his own views, regardless of 
the coun.sel of the President of the Church and his council, and 
as we proceed with this history you will .see with what results. 

At the above-named council Elder Wilford Woodruff was ,set 
apart tor a mission to England; he was accompanied by Elder 
Dan Jones and Hiram Clark. 

Sidney Eigdon c(mld no longer conceal the spirit of which he 
was pos.sessed. He had talked and ]ilotted fijr some time in 
secret with those over whom he had influence. His works had 
been in the dark, and he thought they were not known. But 
by President Young and the faithfid Apostles his si>irit and 
conduct were easily read. They knew that he had the spirit of 
apostasy, and that he was doing what be eould t<i injure the 
work. In a conversation which be had with President Young 
on th(^ ;'ird of Sejitember, he .said be had power and authorit.v 
above the Twelve Ajiostles, and did not consider himself amen- 
able to their coun.sel. The evening of the .same day the Twelve 
had an interview with him, and they foimd him in .such a con- 
dition that they felt it to be their duty to demand his licen.se. 
He would not give this up. He sjud the ('hurch had not been 
led by the liord for a long time, and he .should come out and 
e.vpose the secrets of the Church. In this he .showed the 
traitorous spirit of whiib he was jinssesseil. Tbi^ Prophet 
.lo.sepb, during his lifetime, was satisfied that be was a secret 
enemy and traitor, and bad told the congregation of Saints lh;il 
he Would carry him no longer; but afterwards liigdon had 
cried and begged to be rcstoreil ; .some of the KIders bad also 
entreated the I'mplic^t to lake him hack, and be was suffered to 
remain nominally as coun.selor to .lo.sepb. When he reached 
Nauvoo afli'r Ihe death of Ibe Prophet, be bad |iut hirii.self for- 
ward as \\\r man who ought to preside over the Cliurch, or, as 
he termed it, to be the guardian for the Chureb. There was no 
bint given in public to convey the idea t<i the people that he 
thought Jo.sepli had gone astray; this, he knew, would not 
serve his purpose. Ihil now that be had been baflleil in bis 
schemes, and had fiiiled lo obtain the object of bis amliition, 
he revealed the true feelings of his heart respecling Jo.seph, 
and e,\hiliited in the elearist ligbtbisowii h.vpoiritical anil trait 
orous character. " 'I"he ( 'biinli had not beeti led by the Lord 
fiir a long time ;" no apnst.-ile. not even William Law who bad 
been acees.sory lo the murder of Joseph ami Myruiii, could 
■■iay any more than this. 

On the ne.\l Sunday, the stii of Seplenibir, the High Council 
w.is organized with Misbop Newl K. Wliilney, llie Presiding 
Hishop, at it.s bead, and the I'ase of Sidney liigdon was brought 
bef ire it. After hearing all the evidence, it was moved that he 
should be cut off from the Church. 'J'hisvotc of the High 
Coimcil was tmaiiiinoUK. Tin; same motion was then made t/i 
the Churih there assembled. The vote was unanimous with 



fe^^ 



'j^e^i 



a--Cr^EITII-.E IlTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



1S3 ^^^ 



t 



the exception of ten persons ; and as they voted to receive him 
as their leader, they were, on motion, also cut off. 

From that hour Sidney Rigdou wont down. It is true that 
he did not sink without a struggle. He chose ajjostles ; he 
framed .some sort of an organization ; he sent out his mission- 
aries, many of whom labored zealously ; he jiublished a paper, 
and fought the Twelve Apostles and the t'hurch with all his 
power ; but all his efforts, which made such a noise at the time, 
had but one effect — they gathered out some of the hyjiocrites 
and wicked from the Church and helped to cleanse it ; and thus 
it always is with apostates, they can do nothing agaiiisL the 
work of God to injure it; but their works are over-ruled for 
its good. 

( To be continued. ) 



E.AST insriDij^ nyEissioisr. 



Incidents occurring on the voyage from San Francisco to 
Calcutta. 

WE sailed from "Frisco" — as some of the sailors ciilled San 
Francisco — on the 20th of January, 185,'!. Our first duty 
seemed to be to organize the missionary company into a branch 
of the Church — viz.; Shij) Jlonsoon Branch of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints on the Pacific Ocean — by 
appointing a president, counselors, ttc. After the sea sickness 
abated we had meetings regularly in the cibin and lictween 
decks. 

The carpenter of the ship liad been killed scjon after leaving 
Boston by a mass of loose material sliding and crushing him 
against the bulwarks while the .ship was in a heavy sea. The 
Captain had not taken an inventory of the poor man's effects 
till February 1st, and then, on examination of his chest, he 
found that a hole had been cut in the bottom and the contents 
extracted, it was supposed, by the mate he discharged at 
San Francisco. 

February 4th. — We struck the "trade winds. " This is gen- 
erally a stnjng wind that blows regularly the year round in the 
torrid zone, unless where affected by local causes; and its direc- 
tion north of the equator is from north-east to the south-west, 
while south of the equator it blows from the south-east to the 
north-west. 

Feb. 9th.^C'ame in sight of Hawaii, one of the Sandwich 
Island group, and said to be the liighe.st i.sland in the world; 
its summit is i;!,(J40 feet above sea level. 

Feb. 10th. — Passed between Hawaii and Maui, another 
i.sland of the same duster. 

Brother Franklin Dewey's natural genius ]ironi|itcd him to 
imjjrovise a flute, which he made out of a piece of bamboo, and 
upon which Brother W. F. Carter anil hinisilf jjlayed to the 
delight of all on b(jard of the noble ship .^Ionsoon. I assisted 
Captain Windsor U) make uji his accounts, accounts current, 
manifcst-s, &c. 

Mar. 1st. — Aft4;r having .sailed some 5,538 miles from San 
Franciswj, we came in sight of the Favellon De Yores Island, 
one of the Ladrone group, some fourtt;en in number, inhabiti^d 
by Spaniards, and lying north latitude Itl d(\g. 10 inin. and in 
longitude 110 deg. '.'> njln. 

Mar. .'ird ('5:ij. — In a meeting of the inissionarli's Krotlui- 
N. V. Jones was aiipointrd I'rcsident of tlic l'„ist India Mis- 
sion and C. W. West President of the Slam .Mission. 

Mar. 4th. — At a niei^ting it was agreed that at our subsequent 
meetings the Klders — coiinnencing with the eldest — .should each 
speak on any subject he might cluxjse. 

Mar. 5th. — While at sujiimt the Cujitiiin took the lead in pro- 
jKising t4> obH<;rve the Word of Wisdom during the remainder 
of tlu' voyage so fur a.s the u«; of tobacco wa« concerned. The 
fact was the Monsofiii on her voyage from Ho.stim (<i San Fraii- 
ci.s<.'o had been repainted, and the ( 'ajilain took a great Jiride in 



having her look as tidy and clean as possible on her arrival at 
Calcutta. In praise of the missionaries but few used tobacco, 
while those who did use it were not always particular enough to 
spit overboard, so as not to bespatter the white painted deck 
with the filthy and disgusting weed ; hence, the captain's pro- 
position, which all readily accepted, and out of the cabin win- 
dows int(} the sea were cast the stores of chewing tobacco and 
cigars belonging to the c;iptain and missionaries, amounting in 
the aggregate to quite a number of pounds. 

So strong and well seatt-d were the appetites of some of the 
bretliren for tobacco that but few days passed before they were 
begging chews of the sailors, who heartily laughed at them for 
their irresolution and lack of put-your-foot-down-and-keep-it- 
there disposition. CapUiin Windsor ransacked his entire ward- 
robe for "crumbs," and in the search, found an "old plug" 
which had accompanied him around the earth several times on 
preceding voyages 

Mar. 7th. — We saw our first "school ' of porixiises, some- 
times called "cow fish." They swam a Icmg distance just 
ahead of the ship. It was a new and intciresting sight to most 
of us as the majorit.v of the missionaries were American-born, 
and had never lived near to or crossed the sea. 

Mr. S. G. Goodrich, in his very fine illustrated work on 
natural history, speaks as follows of the jiorpoise: "He is 
from four to eight feet long. I'orpoises swim in schools, and 
drive the mackerel, herrings, and salmon before them, [tursuing 
them up the bays with the same eagerness that a pack of dogs 
hunt the hare. In some places they almost darken the sea, as 
they rise above water to take breath. They oflen descend to 
the bottom in search of sand-eels and sea-worms, which they 
root out of the sand with their noses, in the same manner as 
hogs. In fine weather — principally in spring and summer — 
they leap, roll, and tumble in the most joyous manner. As 
they are seen on the surface at such times they ajipear like 
black pigs, and hence are often called 'Sea Hogs' and 'Hog 
Fish.' They go up the rivers in jjursuit of salmon and otlier 
fish. The Greenlanders drink the oil and devour the ilesh witli 
great relish." 

Mar. 8th. ji. m.— Captain "hove the ship to" to prevent a 
I».ssible collision with one of the Phillipi>inc Wands, during 
the night. 

Mar. 0th. — The currents of the past night floated us near the 
island; at three o'clock this morning we passed Bird Island on 
our right and about an hour afterwards we jiassed the Claro 
Babu.yan Island; both belong to the I'hillippiiie group. The 
summit of Bird Island is a volcano, whose altitude is 2,0i)() feet 
aliove sc'a level. i\h)st of these islands are inhabited by a 
variety of people, native and foreign, and one of the principal 
tciwns is Jlanila. We are now in the China Sea. 

While coin|iaring dates with the captain t<i-day we a.seerUiined 
that he left Boston on the s;ime day that we received our 
appointments t^) iircach the gospel, viz.: on August L'Sth, 1852, 
and that he with his ves.scl arrived at San Francisco the .same 
day we reached that place. 

Mar. 12th. — At the instance of Ca[)tain Windsor I |)cnncd 
the tlillowing data and cast it overbiiard in a tightly corked 
bottle.— "Ship. >b)nsoon. Mar. 12th, '5:; latitudi' 15 deg. 5'.lmin, 
north loiigitmle 114 d.'g. 15 min. ea.st, forty-two days from Sm 
Francisco, Califiirnia; bound for Calcutta with (hirteiMi Latter- 
day Saint missionaries on board. Zeiias Windsor, Mas- 
ter.' 

This bottl.' might be lilown ash.M-.' and pi.k.d np w ithni a 
short time ol' its immersion, or it may be floating still, and .ven 
years from now be i)liked up and the lontenis r.ad with 
inttTest. 

iNLir. I5lh. — Hxperienccd our liisl .squally weatlur, and eame 
in sight of the coast of Cochin China, aboni ihiily miles dLstanl. 

A. M. M. 



j5f3N<- 



■^ 

)^<^ 
^<^ 






•TTJ^EZ^ILE IIsrSTi^^TJOTOI^, 



f>*i 






IS) 



f 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1871. 




ANVof our readers liave proliably 'le.irJ 
uf the riuts iu New York on the iL'th of 
July, during whieh very many persons 
were shot down. They have also heard 
that this riot was caused by the Orange- 
men marching in procession tlirough the 
streets of New York city on that day. 
Hut wlio are the Orangemen, and why 
sliould their niarcliing make any jierson 
angry or produce a riot? To explain this 
we luust refer to history. 

It was early iu tlie year 108.) that Charles II. 
if England, the son of Charles I. who was be- 
leaded, dic;d. The laws of England would not 
[jermit the King, or any other man in the King- 
to have any more than one wife at a time. 
If he were to mairy more than one wife, he would be 
liuni.shed ; but if lie chose to live with women as 
their hu.sband, and not be married to them, .such 
conduct wiiuld not be punished. And this is what 
Charles II. did. He had but one legal wife; but he had sev- 
eral uiistre.s.ses whom he treated as wives, and who were 
mothers of his cliildreti. Hi.s wife, the ((ueen, had no children, 
and as hi.s children by the other women were not considered 
legitimate, none of them could iidierit the crown and become 
King; therefore, his brother was crowned King of England as 
James II. This King wa.s a narrow-nilnded, headstrong 
bigot. Tlie eon.stitution of England required the King to be a 
I'rotcstant; in fact, iu law, he was the head of the church of 
England; but James was a Catholic. According to his faith, 
the Pope Was the head of the church, and the church of Eng- 
land, its miiiLsters and all Protestants were heretics and likely 
to go to hell. lie took no pains to cfniceal this. But as if this 
were not enough to make the people di.stru.st him, no sooner 
was he seated upon the throne than he began to trample ujton 
civil liberty. Tlie result was a revolution was conimenccd 
which endi'd in his flying frf>ni the kingdom with his faujily to 
I'Vani-e, and the .selection of ^Villiam and .Mary to fill the throne. 
William known in the history of England as William III., 
wa.s a Iliillander, and lK>re the title of I'rince of Orange. He 
was the leading champion of ]'rot«stantism in Europe, and was 
descended from a family, on his father's side, famous for its 
devotion to Protestant princple.s; his ancestors had fought many 
battles Ui maintain those iirinci|>le.s. His mother was a Stuarl, 
a ilaughtcr of Charles I., and a sister of Charles II. and Janjes' 
II. His wife Mary was also a Stuart; she wa.s a daught^'r of 
James II., wliich, of course, made William and her cousins. 
So you jKTccive that they were Ixitli of the royal family of 
England; Mary being the next heir to the thnpiie after her 
father, and William, liis nephew, being the next male heir. 
They, therefiire, a.scf;nded the thnme together, and their reign 
is known as that of William and Mar}'. 

I5ut though James had fled to Franc*, Ik; did not feel to give 
tip his kingdom without a .struggle. He had many friends in 
P'ngland, but especially in Ireland who held him as tlnnr law- 
ful king, and who never could Ik; induced to look u|H)n William 
as anything but a usun>cr. All the Catholics hail these views. 
They regarded James with verj' .strong feelings of attachment. 



because of his devotion to his and their religion; and there were 
very many Protestants who also held him as their lawful king, 
and who would gladly have seen him restored to the throne, if 
he would have given the country some satisfaction about relig- 
ion. In Ireland his friends were very active. They raised 
armies, and fought battles, besieged cities and did all in their 
power to conquer the country for King James. liut in Ireland 
there were Protestants who knew that if James obtained pos- 
session of the throne again, they would be cru.shed religiously 
and politicall.V; and rather than submit to this they were deter- 
mined to tight. They did fight, as men seldom do, and their 
valor and heroism in defending their cities are .justly celebrated 
in hi.sU)ry. 

The King of France being willing to help James to recover 
his kingdom, the latter resolved to .sail to Ireland with an 
imposing army. He hoped by eonfjuering Ii-eland, and estab- 
lishing himself there, to gain England and Scotland. But 
William was a warrior. He was not willing to sit quietly in 
England, and see his crown wrenched from him even by his 
uncle and father-in-law. The nation had trusted him, and he 
woidd not betray its tnist. So he raised an army and .sailed 
for Ireland also, leaving Blary to act as Queen. Mary's feelings 
must have l)''en peculiar. On one side she had a father, on the 
other a hu.sband ; if eitlier were killed b.y the t)ther, what a 
dreadful jujsitiou for her to be iu! But her heart and affections 
were with her husband, and she maintained consider.able firmness. 

On the first of July, 1H90, William and James met in battle 
on the river Bojnie. It was the first of July old style ; accord- 
ing to the new style, it is the 12th of July. William was 
victorious. James fled from the field, and finally from Ireland, 
never to return a.gain. This battle is known as the battle of 
the Boyne, and (hough there wc^re onl.v aliout fifteen hundred of 
James' men and five hundred of William's killed, yet it i.s 
counted one of the decisive battles of the World. It was 
not James and William alone who fought fiir victory; 
but it was CaLholicism and Protestantism; the defeat 
of James wa.s the defeat of his religion; the victory of Wil- 
liam was the triumph (jf I'rotestantism. In William's army 
there was scarcely a Protestant church or a Protestant nation 
that was not re])re.sented, and they felt that they wen; fighting, 
not for William to be King alone, but for their religion. Wil- 
liam was its champion, and as .such many of tln'Oi fought under 
his banner. 

To the Iri.-^h Prote.-^tants, the batll,' of the Boyne was a 
glorious victory. Everything they held dear di^pended njion 
that battle. The twelfth of July, therefiire, has always been 
held .sacred by them and their desciMidants. Tlii'y fiu'mod 
Or.iiiixe societies, so calleil after William's native title— Prince 
of Orange, and they adojited Orange as their color; hence, they 
are known as Orangemen. The .same reasons which they had 
for honoring that day, the memory of the victorious AVilliani 
and fiir di.siilavirig aloft the Oranges flags, i)ron]|its the Iri.sh 
Catholics t'l hate the day and tho.se who e<lebrate it. The day 
was one of dcifcat for them and their religion, and it makes 
them almost njad to see the Orangemen disjilay their colurs and 
march in procession on that tlay ; it is an insnll which llie,vc;iii- 
not endure. This was the can.se of the riot at Xi'W York ; the 
( (rangemen Were determined to parade, the Catholics wen' 
n\solved that if tiny did they would att-iek them. But as there 
is no law in Ami^'ica to jirevent men marching in jirocession ; 
but then' are laws to |irevent others .'itt.'K'king thiin if they so 
niarch, the police and militia were called out tit jirotect those 
who marched, and many of their a.s.sailants were, killed. It is 
great folly for mtsn to keep up thes<! old hatreds and bring 
them over to this (•ountry to figlit out on this soil liattles that 
Wen' fiiught one hundred and eighty -one yejirs a.go. 

Let your jiroinise be .siuc('re and within the comi)a.-<s of your 
ability. 



1^3^ 






'^^ 



O-TJ^EItTILE in^STI^TJOTOI^, 



soEisTE iicr I-RELA.3SrnD 



^^. 



ON tlie 12th of July there was a great riot at New York city, 
and'imuibers of persons were shot down. They were jirin- 
eipally Irish Catholics. The cau.se of the riot was the march- 
ing in i)roee.ssiou throngli flie streets of a society called Orange- 
men. The.se Orangemen are Irish also; but tliey are Protestants; 
that is, they do not l)elieve in the Pope nor in his religion, and 
they hate both. Ou the other hand, the Catholics look upon 
thorn as heretics and hate them, and many would think it no sin 
to kill them. It is dreadfid to see men of one nation have such 
deadly feelings one against another. Under the head of Editor- j 
ial Thoughts, on page 121, we exiilain some of the ean.ses of this ! 
animosity, and how the Protestants took upon themselves the 
name of Orangemen. . 1 

The scene we give to-d:i.y is from Ireland. It is the picture j 
of a caliin on the estate of one of the lords or nobility of Ireland 
(Lm'd Castlemaine) in Kilkenny West. It is a wretched-looking | 
]jlace, and poverty and wretchedness are to lie .seen on every \ 
hand. The scene is taken from life, and the engraving was first I 
jiublishcd in the 
leading illustrated 
paper of England, 
the Illustrated 
Lnn don News. 
The man standing 
in front is blind ; 
his coat is patched; 
liut his appearance 
does not exhibit 
such pove r t y a s 
that of his wife and 
ibildren. The wo- 
man sitting down 
has a face sharji- 
ened and jiinched 
by want, and her 
clothing is poor 
and .scanty ; she 
wears no shoes or 
.stockings. Then 
the child r e n all 
look .starved and 
jioorly-clad. The hog which is seen to the left of the picture 
.•ippears to be the best fed and cared for of any living thing on 
tln^ l)lac(!. An Irishman's love for his pig is little less than 
human. Tlie artist who sketched this scene thus describes it in 
his letter to fill- Illustrated London News: 

"As thiM'ar whirled rapidly along, we caught sight by (lie 
road.side of a heap of stones, with smoke; curling around it, and 
a woman nestled, as it were, in a corner. Direi'ting the driver 
to pull up, we alighted and fijund that the ob)(H't which had 
altracteil our att<'ntion was a cabin consisting of a single aiiart- 
meiit, the internal measureim^nt of which was less than nine 
fiMtt by seven feet, and which had neither chinmi'y nor even the 
most trifling article of furniture in it — not .sn niueh as a brokiMi 
t.iblc or a rickety stool, a leaky kc^ttle or iron pot, or a cracked 
jug or ]ilat<'. So far as one could detect in the blinding snifike 
of till! turf fire which was buniing on the bare gvouml, there 
wa.s not a single; article of furniture, or a single household 
ntJMisil in the jilaee. Outside there wen; certainly an old 
.sjiucepan and a tin can, and these appeared to be the .sole 
utensils the occupants of this wri'tx-hed di;n pns.su.saod. In 
till' confined space described eight human beings — a man, his 
wife and si.x children — and the pig were in.stalled regularly 
(;very night. The man — who at the call of his wife canu; 
reeling out of this hovil, for he was stone blind, and though 
only forty-five years of age, was emaciated to a shadow of 
what hi' had fnrmcily been — had a painful story to tell. In 





re]:ily to my cjuestions, he stated his name to be Ned Flymi." 
He had once been in better circumstances; but when he lost 
his sight, he was unable to work, and he and his family were 
reduced to a starving condition. For the miserable heap of 
.stones, called a cabin, in which he lived, he had to pay a rent 
to the nobleman who owned the land upon which it was 
liuilt. 

Children who live in this country can form no idea of the 
dreailful condition of many of the ]ioor jieople of Ireland. They 
live in wretched cabins, many of them but little better than 
the one in the iiicture, get very low wages, have miserably poor 
fiiod and .scarcely enough clothes to keeji them warm. The 
writer who gives the description which we ijuote above, gives 
an instance of a man who was doing tolerably well compared 
with others, and what do you think his wages were? Six 
shillings a week; that is, about a dollar and a half in coinl Out 
of this he had to keep himself and family, and pay rent for the 
cabin he lived in to the man for whom he worked, at the rate 

of thirty shillings 
a year. Afwr he 
paid his rent he 
woidd have about 
one doll a r and 
thirty-five cents 
per week to live 
upon ! You can 
imagine from this 
that they did not 
live fat, nor have 
many fine clothes. 
When the true 
condition of Ire- 
land is k 11 o w n 
there is no longer 
any cause to won- 
der at so many 
f the p e o pi e 
o f that Ian d 
CO m i n g to the 
United States. 
This country must 
seem like a paradise to iieople who lived as many of them 
dill in their own country. Every year, for very many years, 
ship-load after ship-load has cros.scd tlie ocean to America. 
Oik; member of a fuiiily would succeed in reaching America, 
then money would be earned and .sent back to help another, 
until entire families would thus be emigrated. And tin; 
wonder is that there are any Irish left in Ireland, for 
the United States is full of them. They are a jieopli; who 
increase very rapidly. There are not many in Utali; but in 
every other pla(;e th<;y are very numerous. In New York City 
the Irish have held control for years, and nearly all the ofTice- 
hold(;rs an; either Irish, or the friends of the Irish. They 
ta.k(; delight in ]iolities, are liy no means scrupulous as to the 
means they take to a(;coinplish their ends, and the consei|Ucnce 
is that the betti;r class of Americans in New Yiu'k will h.ive 
nothing to do with olfice, or contend ;it elections, and (he' Irish 
rule. 

The, people; who own the land in Ireland are many of (hem 
hard tjiskin:;stc;rs. They pay low wages, ch.irge high rents and 
are very tyrannical. 'I'he object of many oi' them seems to be 
to .sejueezn as muili out of the iioor iieople as they possibly I'an, 
and when a man will not come to their terms hi; and his family 
are likely to be tnrn(;d out of house and home, and isunpellcd 
to leave the place upon which they have always lived. This 
conduct h.is produced hit(.er leelings, and of late years esiH'ci 
ally (he peo|ilc have become very angry at l;uid-owners, ami 



1^2^ 



■J^^ti 



# 



126 



J'TJ'VEnsriLE XlSTSTTtTJCTOTi,. 



I 



have frequently laid in wait for them and shot them. There 
are rich men there who never tliiuk of going out witliout hav- 
ing a guard of two, or probably more, armed men with them. 
Of course where ignorant men resort to such a method of 
redressing grievances the innocent suffer with the guilty; 
people are shot at, and sometimes wounded and killed, who are 
innocent of wrong. 

Plow thankful sill luld the people of Utah be for the peace 
and hapijiness which they enjoy; food and clothing and other 
necessaries are not dilEcult to ])riicure, and the people of God 
are able to live without fear and violence. 



[For the Juvenile Insirurtor. 



%\t\\ih%x\^ wi jSotttmon. ^(tings. 



i^EFzisrinsra- asro 2, 

BY "quarfation" is meant the process by which gold is still 
further refined after being cupelled. Quartation is effected 
liy adding three jiarts of silver to one jiart of gold and fusing 
them t<igether, by which the gold is reduced to one fourth oi 
tlie mass, or le.ss; hence the name. An alloy of this proportion 
IS capable of being operated upon, when ])roiiei'ly prepared, so 
as to leave the gold pure by dis.solving out the silver. 

To effect this it is usual to make a "ribbon" of metal by 
[lassiiig it through " flatting mills," or by beating it out until it 
is quite thin. It is then steeped in nitric acid, or "aqua fortis" 
as jewellers call this acid. The first application of the acid is 
ill a diluted state, the sec-ond apiilication is with undiluted acid; 
ill Ixith applications the "ribb(m" of metal is boiled for some 
time, so as to dissolve out all the silver. Tliis kind of refining, 
or s«'parating, is called "iiarting;" other technical expressions 
are used by the trade that need not be learned by the student. 

When "parting" Is propiTly conducted the ribbon of metal 
retains its sliape, altliough it may be broken int<i pieces ; if, 
liowever the acids u.sed are too strong the ril)bon is frequently 
ri'diiced to powder. That which remains undissolved by the 
acid lus ti be caret ully collected, washed aud dried. 

The .sample of pure gold is then pat into a small jjorous 
"crucible," or melting jxit, and heated to redness; this i.rocess 
is cidled "annealing." It is then accurately weigluil and the 
value in "carats fine" determined. 

It is by the correct application of chemical prliicii)les that the 
refiner .succeeds .so well in retijvering the precious mi^tals. This 
is done frequently iiiwin a very large sc;de, but, however great 
the quantity of fluid iiolding inet;ils in solution, if there is silver 
in it, common tiible .salt will tlimw it all down as a " jnecipi- 
tate." Copper in a .solution is in a similar manner tlirowii 
down by iron. A IJrothiT in this city having discovered that 
copper existed in .some miiiiTal waters of the west nioniitains, 
pro|H)scd to Uikc a quantity of .scrajis of tin and throw them 
into thi" spring, m, that the copper .should be iirccijiitated ami 
utilized. Now tin is in reality iron covered with a thin fihii of 
till which Would be l.ist ill the operation alluded Ui. But we 
have men among us who utili/c a great deal of the tin on the 
scraps thrown away by the "tinner." Solder is made of tin, 
in part, and in this way that which Would be wa.sted is saved. 
Kven fragments of it)pp>r that are done with are iMnight up or 
collected and utilized, iron .siraps also, to a very limited extent. 
All these acts an^ pniisi'Wortliy for tliey result in benefit to a 
community. In old cities iniiuen.se quantities of not only niclals 
but almost all wa.ste materials are collei-ted and utilized, 

_To the refiner nothing c-oines amis.s; to hav!' the hi-story of a 
piece of gold lace, or tins<;I through all its vici.'«,?etudes until it 
reaches the melting jiot of the refiner, would require much time 



and skill. Old lace is " bought up " by Jew dealers aud others, 
often for a few cents. All tarnished and begrimed it looks 
worthless, jMr. Moses knows better ; his experienced eye and 
touch knows in an instant the worth of the "rubbish." He 
knows that the silver and gold are imperishable elements, that 
the tire will burn away the worsted part of the fabric. The 
tinsel used in the more expensive ribbons although compara- 
tively worthless, like that which is frequently used for theatri- 
cal dresses, is also " bought up " and sold to the refiner. This, 
of cour.se, being only copper aud silver is of little value compar- 
atively. But still it has silver upon its surface which can be 
recovered. So also with the "Sheffield ware" of which im- 
mense quantities are sold, such as candle-sticks, bread-baskets, 
waiters, knife-handles, spoons, &c. Although the quantity of 
silver is small, on some common ware very small indeed, it is 
all saved by the skill of tlie refiner. 

Much could be said of the wonderful properties of matter as 
.shown in the recovery of gold; for instance, tlie gold on lace is 
only the millionth of an inch thick, the remainder is silver, yet 
they can be separated as shown, by methods that are simple. 
The gold on tinsel (copper lace covered with gold) is frequently 
even less than that on silver. The property of gold in covering 
surfaces is such that gilding is sometimes only the ten millionth 
part of an inch in thickness and yet a surface of pure gold is, 
ai>parently, seen. It has been computed that " the hundred 
thousandth part of a grain of gold can be seen by the naked 
eye," even a minute trace .such as this can be made discernable 
by the art of the chemist, and recovered and utilized by the art 
of the refiner, who "gathers t«^>gether the waste particles that 
nothing may be lost." 

BETH. 



3yn I S S I O IT TO THE 
IM: O "H JL AT" E S. 



BY JAMES A. LITTLE. 



Wiitlrii/i-om the va-hal narrative 0/ Ekicr lid Hutch. 
(Concluded.) 



i?«^N 



rnilE brethren had only a Piede interpreter, but the ftlohaves 
J. had a Spanish one. There was also an Indian present 
lulled Cajitain Jack, who had been with Lieutenant Beale, and 
had lived for some time at Fort Yuma. He spoke very good 
English, and through him they talked with the chief some two 
hours. During this conversation, the Indians continued to 
gather around, and there were strong indications of coming evil. 

They obtained the information, that but a short time before 
their arrival, two men belonging to a surveying jiarty, engaged 
ill running tlie boundary line between California and Arizona, 
had been killed by these Indians, and they had just been 
rejoicing over their .scalps in the war dance. These men were 
first t<'niiit«'d to do wrong with S((uaws, and this was made a 
jircten.se to kill tliciii. The Imliaiis suppposed Brothers Hatch 
and licavitt to be like other white men, and tried the same 
plan with them, but weri! infiirmcd, through the I'iede inter- 
pretiT, that the Great Sjiirit had taught them better. From 
this time, the asperity of the old chief began to soften. 

Our travih'is unsaddled their animals, tied them on some 
gra.ss a short distance from the lodge, and went to a small creek 
near by to wash them.selvcs. While they were engaged in 
this, a war chief, who wore a small bell at his waist, mounU'd 
Itrothcr lii^avitt's mare and rode her down by the river, where 
.she was killed. There was a I/is \'egas Indian with the brctli- 
H'li, called Little Jim, whom they sent to bring back Elder 
Hatch's mule, which had followed the marc ; this he succeeded 



kOft 




rn 



Si 



JTJ"V"E3^II-.E IITSTI^/TJOTOie;. 



■^^§^ 



1S7 



in doing. A Mohave, by the name of To-qui-cho, forced the 
lariat of Brother Hatch's mule from the Indians, who were try- 
ing to take it away again. He shed tears, and said "Ira, I 
told you not to come here, for these are bad men and would kill 
you;" and said he would fight for them. It now appeared 
that Elder Hatch had quite a number of friends, there being a 
number of Indians who had known him at the Los Vegas. 
They declared their intention of affording him and his comrade 
all the protection in their power. 

In the meantime, the chief had taken a hatchet presented to 
him by Brother Leavitt, and made three fires in front of his 
house. When he learned that his men had killed the mare, 
and were trying to get the mule, he appeared much offended, 
and took the mule and tied it to a post in front of his house, 
and sent one of his boys to bring it some fodder. He put the 
saddles, &c., in a secure place. His feelings towards our 
travelers had undergone a great change, but his warriors, it 
was evident, still wished for their destruction. The brethren 
thanked the Lord for the favorable turn things had taken. 
"*When it was growing dark, the chief took off his pants, went 
in front of his house, where there were several groups of war- 
riors around camp fires, spread his garment on the ground, and 
motioned Elders Hatch and Leavitt to sit down by him. 
Through the Piede interpreter. Elder Hatch again told him 
about the Great Spirit, and that his people prayed to him to 
bless all good people. He then kneeled down by the side of 
the chief, and prayed in the Piede dialect, and the interpreter 
translated it to the chief This seemed greatly to increase the 
spirit of peace and good will in his bosom. 

The warriors around the fire, were having a grand feast on 
horse beef and flour at the expense of our travelers, but left 
them out, uninvited and destitute. They told the chief that 
they were very hungry. In due time boiJed squash was placed 
before them, on which they supped with the chief— he not par- 
taking of the extra repast with his warriors. He designated a 
place for his guests to sleep, and they alternately slept and 
guarded during the night. 

In the morning, the chief examined their bundle of clothing, 
and fancying an ovcrshirt, said he would take it. In return 
they asked him for something U) eat on their way home. The 
chief gave them about a hat full of beans, and .s;iid that was all 
he c«uld spare them. They started on their return trip, pack- 
ing their things on the mule, and traveling on foot. The first 
night they camped on Cottonwood Island in a lodge of the Sim- 
o-guanes. They reached the Los Vegas in four days, and 
suffered considerably from hunger and sore feet. Here they 
obtained the food which, fortunately they had cached in going 
out. They remained one day, five miles fnini the I.<i.s A''ega.s, 
with the Piede chief, Wat-pak-iiner, who had given them some 
com on their first arrival. 

The morning after their arrival, they .saw, in the camp of 
Wat-pak-imer, throe very old Kiuaws, beii<ling over a fire 
together, and chanting a song. On in<iuiry they were told that 
these sfjuaws were .so old, life had tiee<ime burdi^n.some, that 
they had determined to die on that ground, and that the .song 
was a traditionary one fur persons in their condition. 

About the third day aftrr our travelers arrived at the I/is 
Vegas they .sjiw s<ime U-ums (•oining across the desert, and with 
a pleasure, which can only b(' realized" by persons who hav(? 
been in similar rircnnisLinces, they nii't Hrolher Jacob HaMi- 
hlin, who was i)ilotiiin .Mr. Hell and eoni|i;uiy through to Cali- 
fiini'ia. Brotiier Haniljliii lielpe<l lliem lo eat a large cuke 
which they bad baked in the aslies, when tli<' ninle was [lacked 
uji, and they W(Mit into camp at I/is \ egas. 

On the following morning, Mr, Bell an<l company <-on(iiiMe(l 
their jouniey. They wcn^ short of provisions, and i-onld spare 
only enough to last Bmthcrs Hatch and Leavitt across the 
desert to the Muddy— fifty miles— where they found IJrothcrs 
I'erry Lisfon and Jahiol McConnell. 



From the Muddy to Fort Clara was a hundred miles, by the 
route then traveled. Thirty miles from home their mule gave 
out, and they were compelled to pack their things them.selves 
the remainder of the way. Ten miles from Fort Clara, they 
found the camp of Tut-se-guv-it, where they were fiu-nished 
with what seemed to them a luxurious rejiast of boiled com and 
S(iuash. The same evening they reached their homes at Fort 
Clara, having traveled from the Muddj' — one hundred miles — in 
two days and a night. They were truly thankful for their 
deliverance from the many dangers they had passed through, 
and praised the Lord f(.ir the frequent manifestations of His 
goodness. 

In the following spring, 1858, Elder Hatch again visited the 
Mohaves, in the capacity of interpreter. The party took the 
route via. Eldorado Kanyon, and down the Colorado. Tliey 
met a party of Jlohave warriors who appeared very friendly, 
and they were well received at the vOlage. On this trip. Elder 
Hatch saw some remnants of surveyor's instruments which had 
probably belonging to the men killed a short time previous to 
his first visit. 

Since his last visit, Elder Hatch has often inquired of the 
neighboring tribes about the Mohaves. The Grovemment 
has built a fort on the opposite side of the river from their 
village. When the soldiers first arrived, they had a battle with 
the Mohaves, in which the latter lost about thirty-five warriors; 
since which the soldiers have spread prostitution aud disease 
among them, and this once noble tribe of savages are rapidly 
dwindling away, before the vices of so-called Christian civiliza- 
tion. 



STOI^Y 



OIF GOXjBEK.T 

(Continued.) 



THE young banker merely said; 'Let me see.' at the same 
time carelessly approaching the bales, which Moline eagerly 
opened; and scarcely looking at them, as he touched each piece 
.successively with the tip of his fingers, he put one aside. ' I 
like this best ; what is its price ?' 

'Fifteen crowns a yard,' answered Baptiste. IMoline made a 
grimace which neither seller nor buyer n^mark(^d. 

'Very well,' said the latter; 'it is lor making hangings for 
my study in the country. How many yards are in this piece V ' 

'Thirty yards,' .said Moline, looking at the mark; 'and if you 
wi.sh me U) measure it before you, sir,' 

' It is quite unnecessary, my friend ; I may trust M. Guil- 
laumc. Thirty yards at fifteen crowns make Ciur hundred and 
fifty crowns; here they are;' and going with the .siime neg- 
ligent air U> an open desk, he took out a handful of money, 
which he gave to Baptiste. 

'Do you know h<iw to write, my little friend'.'' said he to him. 

' Yes, sir,' said the young ai)prentice, blushing deeply, .so 
mortified was he by the question. 

' Well, give me a receipt.' 

Baptiste gave the required receipt, and took the i ey ; 

Moline made up the three other pieces of clolli; I'otli then 
Ixiwi^d and retired. 

If Haptiste had not been at the lime a little absent in mmd, 
h(' might have remarked, when he reach.'d the .street, that his 
ciimpMiiion was m<ire than usually jocose, and .saying as much as 
that lhe\' had had a L'ood day's work. , 

'VVeliV said thff master of the (ioldeu l'"lecee, perccivmg, 



I'f'on^ bis <loor, I lie ;i|ii>n 



from his station on the step lielon 
godson and his shop-boy--' wi'llV 

' Here wo are at last,' said Moliu 
tlu! counter. 

M. Certain opened it eagerly. ' Vou li.ive mad' 
I hope,' .said lie, 

•1 don't think I have,' said itapliste ((uietly. 



.(Ills 



■Z liis hale upon 



mistake 



W^S'^ 



■i-^jS 



\^^ 



128 



C" TJ -^T E IsT I Xj E IIsTSTIS/TJOTOI?, 




I 



'But I think you have,' said Moline with a smothcrod laugli. 
' Do yiiu thiuk so, Jlolinc? — do you think so ?' cried the old 
woollen-draiier, throwing down the eloth, and examining the 
tiekets. 'But indeed I uiiglit have espceted this; the little 
mscal could not do otherwise. But I warn you, if you have 
made a mistake, you sh;dl go to 51. Cenani to ask from him the 
surplus money, and if he refuse to give it, you shall pa.v it out 
of your wages. No. l! is wanting; No. 3 was worth — it was 
worth six crowns : uo; eight crowns. I am ijuite puzzled.' 

'Eight cwwns ! — eight crowns!' cried Baptistc, astounded. 
'Are you sure of that, godfather?' 

'IVrhajis you wo'.dd like to make out, .vou little rascal, that it 
was I who made the mistake. 1 tell you No. 3 was worth 
eight crowns. I am half dead with fear. I will lay a wager 
that the fellow s(.)ld it for six.' 

' On the cvntrarj-, godfather, stupid creature that I ani, I 

have sold it for fifteen ; hut ' 

'Fifteen ! — fifteen !' intcrrajited the woollen-draper, trying to 
disguise the joy which his faltering voice alone would have 
betrayed — 'fifteen I You are a tine ho.v, a good hoy, Baiitiste : 
you will one day be an honor to all your family. Fifteen! — 
and I, your godfatlier, congratiUate mysell' on having stood 
sponsor for you. Fifteen 1 — I could cry with .joy 1 Fifteen 
crowns — fifteen crowns for a piece of cloth not worth six ! 
Thirty yards at fifteen cmwns instead of eight — seven crowns 
pnjfit; thirty yards, two hundred and ten crowns — six hundred 
and tliirty francs i)rofit. happy day ! ' 

'How, godfather; would .vou take advantiige V s;iid Bai>listc, 
ilrawing back instead of advancing. 

'Oh, perhaps you want to go shares,' .slid the dishonest 
shop-keeper. 'Certainly; I agree to let ynu have something.' 
'(lodfather,' interrupted .voung Cnlbert in his turn, compos- 
edly taking up his hat, which he had put down on entering, ' J 

e;iiin"t agree to any such thing' 

' Bravo ! bravo ! my Uiy. Well, give it all t4) nie.' 
"And I will go,' lontinued Baptist*', 'to the gentleman 
whom 1 have treated .so badly, to beg of him to excuse nie, and 
to return him the uioney he overpaid iiw.' 

And with these words, IJajitiste, wlin had. while sjieaking, 
boon gradually appi-oaching the street diKir, cleared the thres- 
holr] with a .single bound, and rushed out. 

Tin knavish old woollen-draper stood in ama/.ciiirnl and 
wrath at this unfon-seen oecuri-encc; but we shall leave him for 
a niiimcnf, tu fillow the conscientious lad, who was on his way 
back to the hotel of M. (Ji^natii. 

' ('.in I s(!o M. CenaniV asked the l)roathlo.<w Bapti.stc of tin 
valct-de-cliarnbn,' who liad ojicucd the iloor to liim a ijuarter of 
an liiiur before. 

' lb- is not yet gone out; but I do not think you c'ln .see liinj,' 
replied the valet ; ' my ma.'^tci- is dressing.' 

' I beg of ydU, sir, to li't nie sec him immediately,' .sjiiil 
Bapli.st<', his looks as urgent a."i his limes; 'it Ls ab.solntely 
nece.H.sary 1 .shouM .see him.' 

'I will go and inr|uirc,' siid the valet; ami be opened his 
master's door, without percj'iN'iiig that J{a|>li.ste had elosi'ly fiil- 
lowed bini. 

'What is the matter, Couitoi.sV asked the ynung liankcr, 
wilhimt turning bis head, as, slandintr beflire a mirror, he w.is 
trying to give a iM'mming fold to the frill of his shirt. 

' it is the young wiMillen-ilnper, who wa.s here just now, who 
want.s to .H<-e you, sir,' npiieil tlis valet. 

'He (vniiot HC'o me now,' .-aid .^I. Ci'naiii, .^ly s-word, 
Ciinitois.' 

'(Jh, pray, sir, one word,' said the imploring voico of Bap- 
tislp. 

' What l>rings you here? What do you want? 1 paid .vou, 
did I not?' a.sked the baaker, turning angrily to Bapti.<'te. 'J 
am cngag'-d. (lo.' 

{To ft' ninlinucd.) 



& 



§tlttitb $udH'» : y 



•WH^T THIE BIK.IDS TOLID. 



m'iS^- 



"Wlitil a lircary, Ron-o« fill world is tbis," 

Said tlio owl, from Ids hollow tree; 
"Vcl the lark is dud for llio daz/liiig liglil, 

j\iid tlio roliiii can sinniii nice. 
I'oor, fiiulisli liirds, they arc merry now, 

But tlic aiiary storms will licat 
Through tlic leaves that slicltcr tliiir sliiilloH ncste. 

Willi tbc 6now and tlic culling siccl." 

Kilt liii;li,.r and liin-lior llic hlitlic hirU snared, 

Till the earth lay far hclow; 
The verdaiitTnllcys, flic waviiii;- woods, 

Smiled liriyht in tlio sunlight's glow. 
"What a licauliful world has the Kalhcr made," 

She saim', ns she upward llew; 
"The land, the water, and over them all 

He has spread the warm sky's Miic. 

"AVhcrcTcr on wayward wini;s wo soar, 

O'er ocean, o'er carlh, through air. 
The humlilost, (he weakest, liynii;lil and day, 

JIo miardswith n patient caro. 
IIo has given us each soiuo sons to sins:, 

And wo iilt<'r tlicm not in vain. 
Fur He hears the hiiiii (if the lowliest, Imp, 

And Iho sparrow's troiiiiilimB stmiu." 

Knaii her peaceful nest, on the swayiic l.i.u'ili, 

Tho rcihin san^' soft and hiw, 
'■<>, kind is tho Father, thai made tlic leaves, 

And nid the greon grass i;rriw. 
IIo Miado llio brooklets that wo iiiiuhl drink. 

The fruits thai are ricdiand swoel 
Ho haiii;s on the liouiihs, wlu'ii the linwers arc gone; 

Thai «o nia,\- ho glad and oal. 

"W'r. IviiDW thai the siiiiiinor that lingers now 

Will vanish at His ooiiiniatul; 
Tlial Iho tlowors will die, find the loaves «ill fall. 

When the winter shall shroud llie land. 
Bill the frallesl wiiiirwill His irood lianil uuido 

Tliioiigh spaces uf patliless iiir, 
■j'o oliiuos whore the date and the oitroii j,;i'CM, 

.\nd siMiiinor dHclls alwa.vs there. 

**He loves tlic oroatu res he has iiiiMtc, 

And nothing is mean or small. 
For toiulor oonipassioii and Iioundloss love 

.Are lavished alike on all. 
.So llic world ih liiii;lil, if our lioarls arc hrlL'lit, 

.\iid fair if our souls arc fair; 
F<ir the [;iris of His hoaiity iiia.v oomo to all. 

With the liounty ofi'iniaiid air." 

A reporter w.'iiiled lo .say that a lady speaker w;is his 
leriec bill ihe feniali' coMiposjlnr Would li;ac il "kissei 



'd iiil< 



CrUVElTIILiE I3SrSTI?.TIOTOI^ 

Ik piiidislKHl in Halt l.iiko City, Utah Territory, 
KVKKY OTIII'.K SATIKH.W. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON. EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

SinyU Gupy, per Annum f*- fin. 

Single Copy, for iftc Months 1 W, 

*»- (Jrnin liroiiclil In tliiii City for tlii^ .Ii'Vknii.k I.nmtiiiicii 



in liroiiLOi 
loiivoU lit the ofnic ufuur iminT— DmKiihT Nkwh IU ii.iii.sos 






