o ip-ri / 




" BtJT WITH ALL THT GETTIXG gi 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCH 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, "AUGUST J 5, 18G7. 



NO. IG. 



crEiiPiiTHJ^n j^isTiD Hiis idj^xjc3-h:tei?.. 



"ITTE nre going back to a time before tlie flays of Pavid, 
VV 8oloinon or Jonah, -when Israel was niled by judges and 
prophets instead of kings. It is of one of these judges named 
Jephthah that we propose to talk to-day. 

Jephthah lived about three hundred years after the Israelites 
under the guidance of Joshua po.ssessed themselves of the land 
of Canaan. These three hundred years had been a very event- 
ful period to that people. They had spread abroad and 
become numerous, they had prospered and become rich; but 
they had oflen forgotten the Lord their God who bi-ought thcui 
out of the land of Egypt and out of tlie house of bondage, 
aiid had turned to the 
worship of the idol gods 
of the nations around 
them. In their sins God 
often left them to their 
enemies, who time after 
time invaded their land, 
carried many of theni 
into bondage, and caused 
them a vast amount of 
suffering. In their mis- 
ery they would turn again 
to tlic Lord, and feel 
sorry for their sins, and 
He, in His great mercy, 
would again and again 
forgive them, and would 
raise up men to deliver 
them fiom the power of 
their oppressors. Such 
a man was .Jephtliah. 

From what the .Scrip- 
tures tell us of his early 

life, it appears to have "*' 

been rather a hard one. He was turned out of doors by bis 
brethren, because he was not of the same mother as they wore, 
and had (o floe from (jilcad. where they dwelt, to th': land of 
Tob. Rut he was a mighty man of valor, and, by degrees. 
gathered around him a laige band of men who looked upon , 
him as their chief j 

At this time Israel, on account of their sins, had been for 
eighlcen years in bondage to the Ammonites, who not only [ 
overran the country cast of the river Jordan, liut also altemi)led | 
the conrpiest of the country on the other side In this difficulty 
the men of Oiload thought of Jephthah, and sent to bin) to ' 
come and help th('m. But he liad not forgotten the bad treat- 
ment he had beforctimes received at their hands, and did not 



feel verj- willing to lend them any aid. At last, however, on 
their promising him that he should rule over them, he consented 
to lead them to battle against their enemies. 

Before commencing the war, Jephthah, as leader of the 
armies of Israel, sent a message to the king of the children of 
Amnion, asking wh\' he had invaded the country of the Israel- 
ites. To this question the king replied, that the Hebrews, when 
they came out of Egypt, had taken these lands from his 
lathers, and called on Jephthah to deliver them up to him. 
To this Jephthah returned an answer, and then prepared to 
drive the Ammonites out of the country, the Lord, who had 




once more hearkened to the prayers of bis people, giving him 
a jiortion of His spirit to guide him. 

.leplithab. however, at this time did a very foolish thine, 
though no doulit with the purest of motives, and in liis zeal for 
the cause of Israel. He vowed to (lod that if he would deliver 
the Ammonites into his hands, he woulil sacrifice the first thing 
that came out of his ho\ise tn meet him, on 4iis return (Venn 
victory, as a bunit olferingto the Ijoid. He little thouehl who 
would he the first to meet him, or the great trial his rash vow 
would cause him to pass through. The Lord did deliver Am- 
nion into his hands. They were entirely subdued, and Israel 
followed them into twenty of their cities with a very great 
slaughter. Tlu^n Jephlliah returned rejoicing to his home, the 



^ 



■XY«Ki^n^p«« 







CTTJ^En^ILS II.-TSTie.TJCTOZ^. 



greatest man in all Israel. But his joy was soon turned to 
mournine. and his strength hecanie as the weakness of a child. 
For there came forth first out of his hou.se to welcome him with 
music and dancing, to hail his safe and glorious return with de- 
light and praise, his only child, beside whom he had neither son 
nor daughter. In the joy of her heart, in her love for her 
father, she hastened to meet him, and to meet death at the 
same time. Oh, the horror that Jephthah felt when he beheld 
her, the grief in which he spoke to her, for she was no longer 
his, she was the Lord's and he was childless. He, with all the 
glory of a conqueror iresh from the s)ioil. might envy the least 
in Israel who had some little one to lall him father. And she, 
poor girl, would have to leave tiiis world in the bloom of her 
youth, before she could realize the brightest hope of every 
Israclitish maiden, of becoming a mother to bear the sons of 
men. Still, she never murmured, nor complained, nor sought 
to be excused. Like Isaac, when his father, Abraham, sought 
to offer him on the lone altar in the wilderness, she was perfect- 
ly obedient. "So he it as thou hast vowed, my father,"' she 
said; "thou hast spoken to the Lord, thou canst not withdraw 
thy words now. Only let me go into the mountains lor two 
months, there to bewail with my maidens my unhappy fate, 
and then will Ibo ready." Then she went and lanunted her 
sad condition, and at the end of two months returned to her 
father w^k>'-Wid with her as he had vowed. And she died a 
memorial of her father's vietoiy and her people's liberty; a 
memorial long remembered by the daughters of Israel, who 
mourned four days evei-j' year for her. 

This victoiy of Jephthah seems, strangely enough, to have 
greatly angered the Ephraimites, who came to him and 
threatened to burn his house and destroy his people for not 
calling them to his help. The result was he had to gather his 
followers and tight the headstrong tribe of Kphraim, whom he 
defeated, and slew forty-two thousand of their number. Many 
of theui tried to escape by crossing the Jordan, but the men of 
Jephthah arrived there first and asked every one who attempted 
to cross if he was of Ephraim. If he said nay, they said ".say 
Shiliboleth." For the Eidiraimites could not .say the letters 
sh, for they lisped and said Sibboleth. Then ev^iy man who 
ciiuld not pronounce the word correctly was taken and slain by 
the men of (iilead. A very strange way of deciding if a man 
sbnuld live or die. was it not? 

Then Jephthah judged Israel si.K years and was buried in one 
of the cities of Gilead. Whether the Lord granted him any 
children to take the place of bis lost daughter the Bible does 
not tell us; but we prc.-umc it is likelj' he left some one behind 
him to bear his name in Lsruel. G. H. 



.^ ID ID I^ E S S 

D'Uvereil at t'tC Sahbatli •School Cilcbraiion, Springville Cil;/, 
July llli, JSiJ7. 

U V .M A J O K D . W . It II O D E S . 



"I'l'^E have met together, my dear children, to commemorate 
T T the birth day of our National Independence. 

This is Independence Day; it is so called because on the 4tli 
of July, 1776, the peojile of this country — then called "the 
Brittish Colonics" — dctennined, through tlieir chosen repre- 
i>cntatives, to be no longer dtjifntlcnt on the British Govern- 
ment, but to sot up a government for themselves. 

'J'hese representative.Nmet at tlie Conn House in Philadelphia; 
the room where tliey asseudjled is called. In<leiiendence Hall; 
it contain-i a great many very intere.-ting curiosities. 

The chairs arc still there in which th<; representatives sat. 
In that room, too, is the ipld conrt-hou.-c bell wliich first rang 
out the joyful news of the first Independence Day. 




A gentleman stands at the door; go up and knock, and with- 
out money and without price, he will very politely oiien to you 
the door, and you will fiiid yourself in Independence Hall to be 
richly paid for your visit. 

A committee, consisting of Thomas JeiTerson, John Adams, 
Benjamin Franklin, Roger Sherman, and Robert R. Livingston, 
was appointed to report a Declaration of Independence. They 
retired; soon did they return, INIr, Jefferson now rises to report 
the proceedings of the committee. He holds a folded paper in 
his hand; every eye is anxiously fixed on him; calmly he unfolds 
that paper, at the top appear in large letters the words: 

" DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE." 

During the reading, many a heart is throbbing with deep 
seasatien. Richard Hemy Lee, of Virginia, rises to advocate 
its adojition. He pours forth with deep feeling a speech of 
matchless eloquence. Here and there, a voice is heard in 
opposition. No wonder. To adopt that Declaratioti is a fearful 
step. Every signer becomes guilty of treason and incurs the 
penalty of death. 

At last, after a few alterations, the "Declaration of Indepen- 
dence" is laid on the tabic for sigiurturc. A deep pause ensues. 
Will the representatives sign it? Will they, for their country's 
good, cspo.se themselves to be hung and quartered for treason? 

Look! there rises a bold and intreiiid man;— fearlessly he 
walks to the table; he seizes the pen, and with a round, bold, 
steady hand, write.s — John Hancock, President. Another 
comes. The words have hardly died awa}" from his lips, which 
were used in debate — ' Sink or swim, survive or perish, I am 
for the Declaration." It is John Adams. 

There is another comes forward and writes his name with a 
trembling hand. It is Stejihen Hopkins. Is it fear that .-hakes 



He is an old man and his hand trembles 
heart is warm and ho comes to 



his harid? Oh, no! 

with ]ial.\v. He is old but lus 

lay it on his countiy's altar. 

And now comes another and another and subscribes his name. 
Their names are all quickly upon the declaration. Children, let 
their names be sacred in your memories. 

The number of the .signers was fift.v-six. None of them are 
now living. Charles Carroll of Carolton was the last survivor. 
They all died in a good old age. Four lived beyond the age of 
ninety; fourteen exceeded eighty; and twenty-three seventj'. 
Their average age was sixty-five. Some have thought that 
this great age of the signers was a jiroof of God's ai)probation 
anil blessing upon the cause which they espoused. 

Of one thing however, it is surely a [jroof, that life is pro- 
longed and health promoted, by living for the good of others, 
instead of wrapping ones self uji in ignorance, listlcssness and 
selfishness. 

A public spirit never .shortened any man's life; but selfishness, 
has crowded the grave with its \ ictims. Dear children, if you 
wish to have God'.s temporal blessing to rest upon you, live to 
be u.-eful to yoin' country, — useful to those around you. Do 
not draw yourself up like a snail in its own .shell, and leave all 
others to take care of themselves. 

But let me ask you, why did the people of this country 
declare themselves independent of (ireal Britain? I'he reason 
was, England wished to t:ix them without our peojile having 
anyvoicein if. This our fiithers refused to submit to. 'J'liey con- 
tended that there should be no taxation without representation. 

To force its measurers, the British Goviunmeut had large 
shi|) loads of tea sent over. 

Had our people received this tea, then they would ha\ e been 
taxed without repre.^icntation. 

They determined that this should never be. Accmdingly at 
Bo.ston, seventeen persons, iiainted and dressid like Indians, 
resolved as soon as night came, to enter on board the tea ships. 



.^ 



^ 



o"tj've:n"ile i:n"sti?.tjotoi^ 



1S3 



^ 



'~<^^ 



lying in the harbor, and throw the tea all overboard. These 
seventeen queer, mysterious looking beings were assembled on 
the wharf waiting the approach of darkness. At length night 
came, and they stepped in the boats and pushed off for the 
ships. Steadily they climb the ship's tide and now stand upon 
the deck. Box after bos of the teas is brought up from below. 
A blow of the hammer, the lid is off and the contents are 
floating upon the sea. 

That was the largest tea party the Bostonians ever had! The 
little fish came to the top of the water, nibbled at the floating 
leaves, and finding them bitter, said, with the American people, 
"pshaw! we will have nothing to do with this nasty bitter stuff. 

This matter children, you will understand better one day. 
AVhat, however, yuu may now understand, and what 1 desire 
j-ou should understand is, — that in destroying the tea — in declar- 
ing Independence, — the American people acted on principle, 
that principle was, ''uo taxation without representation." 

This acting on principles is a subject of deep importance. It 
was not so much the tea. that our fathers were unwilling to 
receive, as to make a sacrifice of principle which it would 
involve. 

Try then, to understand this subject well. No man ever 
makes much of himself who does not build up his character 
on priiiciple-s. If men have been distinguished as noble, 
generous, useful, indispensable, it is because such men have 
always been men of principles. 

A principle is a settled rule of conduct by which one deter- 
mines to guide himself, and a man of principles is one who has 
adopted several of these rules. 

AVhen the aged JIartyr, Polycarp, went to the stake to be 
burned, it was because he was faithful to his rule, ''Never to 
deny Jesus Christ. 

When the Roman general, Regulus, went back and gave 
himself up to the tortures of the Carthagenians, it was because 
his rule was, ''Never to violate his word." When Crannier and 
Iiogcr Williams and others were burnt upon Smithfield, in 
England, it was because they had firmly resolved, "Never to 
deny what they believed to be the truth." 

When Emanuel Denan, a little boy, near Chicago, a few years 
ago, was stripped naked by his father and whipped with willow 
switches till he died, it was because the little fellow still persis- 
ted in .saying: "Father, I'm not telling you a lie." — '"Father I 
did see it." 

A man of no principles is a wavering man; solicit him and he 
hardly knows whether to sa}', "yes" or "no." Many a young 
man has been led, step bj' step, to ruin because he had no 
principles to say — "no." A man of the contrary character says 
at once. ''I can't; it is against my princiiile.s." 

Have then, children, rules by which you are determined to 
act. To illustrate what I mean, suppose you should resolve 
that heieafter, unless sickness or some other extraordinary 
circum.-tances should prevent, you will always rise before the 
sun. Vou would then be acting on principle. To lay abed after 
sunrise would be against your princijile. 

Your )]rinciples will olten be put to a severe trial, but they 
will be found to give you nmcli strength of character. I will 
suppose that soon after you formed the resolution to rise before 
the sun, you wake up early next morning. You arc lying very 
comfortably in bed, and sleep is so sweet! — 

Y^ou begin to say: "It't lime enough to get up yet." "I'm 
so .sleepy." "I'll first turn over and take one little nap more;" 
— "I won't sleep long." But then you begin to think, "I 
determined to get up before sunri.sc, — it is not far from that 
now, — and if I get asleep again, perhaps I will oversleep 
:ny.self. " Thus your princi])le keeps you uneasy and restless, all 
the tinie urging you to get uji. If you violate it, you feel self- 



reproach. If you resolutely keep it, your mind i.s in a peaceful, 
happy frame. 

The more principles you adopt, the more steady and i.niform 
will be your conduct. 

Men will always know just where to find 5-ou, and thatyou are 
not one thing to-day and another to-morrow. 

They will soon learn to say in certain cases: "It is of no use 
to go to him, he r.ever does any such thing." 

One of the noblest characters, always brought to mind by 
this day, is that of Washington. 

He was eminently a man of principles. The whole of his life, 
if I had time to follow it through, would afford conclusive proof 
of this. It is impossible to do this now. I will touch ui>on 
two cases only as more particularly interesting to you. When 
but a little child, he gave the first proof that his character was 
to be one founded on principles. 

His father had bought him a hatchet. Little George was 
wonderfully pleased with this, and soon he was out doors hack- 
ing away at whatever he could find. Among other things, he 
completely ruined a very valuable cherrj' tree of his father's. 

This was soon discovered, and George being called to him, he 
said, "my son, was it you who cut and ruined my chen-y tree!" 
It was a trying moment. JMany a little hoy, I am sorry to 
say, would have said at once: "No; I didn't do it." — "I don't 
know who did it. " But it was not so with little George. For 
a moment, after his father asked him the question, he did not 
answer. 

Tnere was a struggle going on in his mind. It was but for a 
moment; looking up into his father's face, he said: — ''Father 
I can't lie; I did it." That was noble! No wonder he became 
a great and good man! Here was his first principle: "Never 
to tell an untruth." 

As he grew in years, he went on increasing his principles. 
He kept a little book, in which he wrote down such as he, from 
time to time adopted. 

At the early age of fourteen, these prinoijiles amounted to 
one hundred and ten. I will mention a few of these: 

1st. "Every act in company ought to be with some sign of 
respect to tho.sc present." 

Jlanv a little boy and girl is constantly violating this rule. 

2. "Show not yourselves glad at the misfortunes of another, 
though he were your enemy." 

3. '"Mock not nor jest at anything of importance." 

4. "Be not hasty to believe flying reports to the disparage- 
ment of any one. 

5. "Gaze not on the marks or blemishes of others, and ask 
not how they came." 

6. '"Undertake not what you cannot perform; but be careful 
keep your promise. 

7. "Speak no evil of the absent, for it is unjust." 

8. "A\'hen you speak of God or his attiibutes, let it be 
seriously, in reverence and honor, and obey your natural parent.^!, 
although they may be poor." 

9. "Jjct your recreations be mirthful; but not sinful." 

10. "Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark 
celestial fire, called conscience." 

Such are a few of the principles of Washington, at the early 
age of fourteen. Constantly did ho try to live in accordance 
with them. Go, dear children, and try like A\'ashington, the 
experiment of building uji your ch,-iraetcr u]ion iirinciplcs. If 
you ado|it wise and good ones, 'such as: — "never to do what your 
conscience condemns;" "Never to do a mean thing; " "Never 
to do an luijust thing," you will be more useful, beNived and 
happy than you could otherwise ever be. Good principles will 
make you an independent character. 

(io then, anil if you have not already done so, commence on 
this Indcipcndence day, a detcrnjination 10 I'orm an independent 
character. 



I 



t* 



6^ " lS4r 



Cr TJ ^ E ISr I H. El II:TSTI^TJGTOI^ 









j-j 



t 



AUGUST 15, 1867. 




tal] 



ETWEEX chilJrcu and parents there 
should be eumplete confidence. Confidence 
of this kind will be the means of saving 
children from many evils to which thej' are 
very much exposed. Fathers are, in many 
instances, absent from their homes a good 
portion of their time, and they do not see 
their children often, nor have they many 
opportunities of conversing with them, 
here is but little familiarity, therefore, existing 
Veen them. The children feel .-^hyand rcserv- 
their fathers' presence, and they do not lii;e 
alk freely before them. Many mothers, too, 
so much to Jo, in this busy countiy, tliat 
they have no time to converse with their children. 
If children can not be free with their parents, they 
will have companions with whom they can associate 
and converse freely. It Ls in these associations that 
there is danger. 
Children find themselves possessed of a body, of the u,<es, 
powers and capabilities of which they have but little or no con- 
ception. Nature, with all her attractive secrets, is spread before 
them. Every day reveals to their growing senses strange won- 
ders about themselves and the new world to which they belong. 
They are desirous to know more. This eagerness can not be 
repressed. It is a natural instinct ^Vho will give them this 
knowledge? AVho can do so with greater propriety than their 
parents? Such knowledge should not be left to others to 
communicate. It is a sacred and holy duty devolving upon 
parents, and, in their ab.sonce, upon guardians to teach this. 
Inexperienced, ignorant per.sons should not be permitted to 
take this upon them. What man, who places a proper value 
on a well trained hor.se with good habits, would entrust the 
breaking and training of a valuable colt to a person of no 
experience in the busine.s.s? What woman, who understands 
the value of gentleness and docility and other good ([ualitics in 
a milk cow, would suffer an ignorant, inexperienced jienson to 
train a favorite heiler? Yet probably these very people, who 
are .so particular that their stock should be properly trained, 
leave their children to grow up in ignorance of those things 
\vhi(;h they iheni.selves should teach them. But if they will 
not impart to them the knowli-dgi; which they lack, tlie children 
will seek for it el.sewhere. There is a natural craving in them 
for knowledge respecting themselves, which if not gratified in a 
proper manner, may seek for it is gratification improperly. 
If parent.s were to conver.sc ujwn the.se .subjects with their 
childr>Mi. and establi.~h fruedom and confidence between them, 
the children would liavc no fears in asking them (jue.-tions and 
communic'iting to them the convcrsati(jns and acts of them- 
selves and their companions. I'arents would then occujiy their 
true relationship to their children, and would be prei)ared to 
counsel and warn tlicm with a full understanding of the dangers 
which threatened them. But it is too frequently the case that 
false modesty prevents parents from speaking with their children 
on certain subject.s, and children, in turn, are deterred from 
speaking with their parents. If their companion.^ give them 



any items which they may have learned, they feel that it is 
knowledge which it is unlawful for them to have, from the fact 
tliat they never heard their parents mention such subjects. 
They, therefore, conceal what tliey are told from tho'n parents, 
and fre([uently through only having a smattering of knowledge, 
instead of full exjilanations such as a person of experience 
would give them, they fall into evil practices and arecorniiitcd. 
If our voice could be heard throughout this Teiritory, we 
would say to all parents (for this article is intended more for 
parents than for children) oonver.se freely with your children, 
teach them correct principles, let no mock modesty deter you 
from having the complete confidence of j'our children. Fathers, 
teach your sons thq nature and uses of the tabernacle our 
Father has given them. Mothers, inform your daughters 
respecting their organization, and fortify them against every 
kind of impurity. We hope that our Jir\-K.Nil,KS who read 
this article will throw aside ba.shfulness and converse more 
freely with their parents than with any other person, upon every 
subject about which tliey may wish knowledge. If parents and 
children in Zion will take this course, virtue and purity will 
flourish in our midst, and corruption and vice will disappear for 
the want of congenial soil in which to flourish. 

B@" We take pleasure in giving to our readers in anotlier 
column an Address delivered by JIajor T>. W. Rhodes at 
Springville, which was handed to us by the Editor of the 
Deseret News, The address is excellent and will bear more 
than one perusal. 



FOR OUR JUVENILES. 

Re-published from No. 14, with their answers: — 

71. Wliat occurred in Zion's Camp on the evening of tlio 
17tli of May, 1834, and wliat did tlic prophet Josepli do? 

Tliero was a rebellious spirit manifested in Camp. Joseph 
reproved tlieni; and said tliey woidd meet witli niislbrtune.", 
dilUcidlies and hindrances; and they should know it before 
Ihey left the place where they were camped. 

7i What happened next morning? 

Kvery horse in the Camp was so badly fouutlercd thai they 
could scarcely be led a ft^w rods to water. 

7;i. How did Joseph instruct the brethren on the journey 
with regard to kdling snakes, birds and animals? 

He told them to let them alone, and not to hurt them, teach- 
ing them that men must first become harnUess themselvoa 
before llicv can expect the brute creation to be so. 

74. AVhat peculiar circumstance happened some time after- 
wards with one of the brethren and a rattlesnake? 

He awoke out of a sleep one day on the prairie and found a 
rattlesnake coiled up near his head. 

75. Did he kill it when requested to do so? 

iS'o. Said he "I'll protect him; you shan't hurt him, for he 
and I have had a good nap together." 

7(1. ^\■hat did they discover in a mound in the vicinity of the 
Illinois river? 

Tlie skeleton of a man about a foot beneath the surface, with 
thn stoni" point of a Lanuuiitish arrow between the ribs. 

77. Wiiat inlornia'ion was obtained concerning it, and how? 

Joscjih saw in vision that the man was a wliito Ijanianite, 
named /.clph, and ho was a warrior and (chieftain — under (ho 
gicat prophet Unandagus, with some other interesting par- 
ticulars. 

7t<. ^\'hat did .Joseph prophecy should come upon the Camp 
bec:iuse of the Iraetious and unruly spirits that appeared among 
thcni? 

That a scourge woid<l come upon the Camp. 

7il. Where did Ilyrnm Smith join the Cani])? 

At a branch of tlie <liurch, in Monroe county, Mi.ssouri, call- 
ed Salt Kivcr Ciuirch. 

.so. Who met IIm; Camp, three days after it left Salt rivor, and 
what new.s did they brinp? 

lOlders Orson llydo ami Parley P. Pratt, who reported that 
fiovernor Dunklin refused to fullil his promise and reinstate 
the brethren in their land in Jackson county. 



b»^' 



.'..■^9 



^7 






0" TJ "^ E! nsr I L E insrsTi^/TJOTOi^, 



J<'or the Juvenile Instructor. 

J^ COLXD J-OTJI?.2srE3r— ^ 3\^IS- 
XjEGTIOniTS. 



IT is 6 a. m, Jaiiuaiy Lst, 1861. We are on our way to the St. 
Katherine Docks, London, per North London Railway. 
William W. C, John P. R. J. and mvi-cU' are missionaries to 
Denmark. We liave come up to London from I^iverjiool to 
secure American passports, and after a brief but plca.sant 
sojourn among the Saints at tlie metropolis, we are now ofl" for 
the Continent. Brother Francis M. Lyman, travelini: elder in 
the London Conference, and John L. Suiith on liis way to 
Switzerland, are going down to .see us off. We have secured 
tickets per steamer Bruiser for Rotterdam, as ail the ports on 
the North Sea, north of Antwerp are blocked with ice. The 
cold is quite unusual, but we wish to proceed, if pc^sible. 

We reach the Docks, we look for the Bniiscr, she is that 
black, heavy looking craft, connected with the whaif by a 
gangway. We scan her closely from bow to stern with a sort 
of vague, ill-defined feeling, as though that forbidding craft 
formed a link in the chain of our destiny. She has the red 
smoke stack, black masts and wire rope rigging common to 
steamers of her class, designed for the home trade of Great 
Britain. A number of ships of similar Ijuild are lying iu the 
docks and others are arriving and departing. 

We go on board, accompanied by our tw j f, lends a-i 1 descend 
the steep steps which lead to the second cabin. The place is 
dirty and disordered, and tlie tired and slecjiy under-steward, 
who has charge, seems surprised at our intrusion. Our tickets 
specifically .state that the ship will sail at 6-30 a. m. The stew- 
ard thinks she will not sail before 12 o'clock, the captain has 
not come down, and the coal must be got on board. May we 
leave our carjiot sacks? No! he will not be responsible for thcni. 

We return to the wharf. Our two friends have an appoint- 
ment to fill, they cannot remain longer. Will we return to the 
conference house? No! we will wait here. The moment of 
parting has come, the friendly pressure of the hand and the 
murmured ''God bless you" is exchanged, and we are alone, 
embarked, and yet remaining on this dull wharf How shall 
we pass the weary time? ^\'e invade the diilerent offices which 
line the wharf, one remaining the while to watch the luggage. 
We glance along the narrow streets, we scan the arrivals, 
pilgiims like ourselves for a foreign shore. We note the work 
of preparation on board, tlie small stationary engine near the 
main hatch is bu.sy, they are hoisting in coal. Will the captain 
never come? 12 o'clock, William procures some rerreshment.s 
from a neighboring shoji, but the appetite fails, the mind is too 
much occnjiicd to think of eating. 

2 p. m. Hurrah! the cajjtaid has gone on board, we liastily 
follow, and secure our berths. We are on deck and under way 
at last, the ever changing panorama of the river is a relief to 
the mind. We are too much interested in the .scene to note 
how intensely cold the air is. We are all thinly clad — our light 
boots affording scanty protection against the cold. We gaze 
on St. Vaul's majestic dome in the increasing distane, and 
watch the nund.ii;rless water craft of all classes, which wo meet 
and pa.ss on the- river, (jrcenwich already; but the cold is too 
severe, reluctantly we descend and inhale the healed ainiosplicrc 
of the sewind cabin, rodolent with the fumes of ardent spirits 
and tobacco smi>ke. We glan(^e around among our hllnw trav- 
e\cTS. That brutal looking man, seated at the table, drinking 
raw whisky, i.s the .secfuid mate. That large, good humnnMl 
man, a-t we afterwards learn, is a factory overseer, from Man- 
chester, on hi.s way to (ierniany, with jilans and draughts to 
assist in starting a cotton mill there. Yonder pale man, with a 
sickly wife sinking into a corner, is an artist returning home to 







Germany. He has been to London for employment, but has 
been unsuccessful, for they seem very poor. There is another 
man and wife, half a dozen young Germans and a young French- 
man, who is addressing the company in turn, in the liveliest 
manner with "j;)ar/('S cotis /'/■«»«( ("se"' (do you speak French). 

All are talking and smoking trying to get acquainted. Under 
such circumstances how sensibly one feels the want of a know- 
ledge of foreign languages, or at least of some degree of famil- 
iarity with them. How frequently the thought occurs, with 
nothing but the English language, how shall wo get along ou 
the continent? 

Again venturing on deck we find the wind increasing to- a 
gale and the darkness already settling down on land and river. 

We again retreat below, driven by the blinding spray, and 
shortly afterward hear the anchor chain ruiuiing otit, and feel 
the ship swing round to the current. We have come to anchor 
for the night, it not being thought safe to continue on among 
the numerous water cratt on the river, during the darkness of 
the night. In the second cabin the first and second mate, the 
head steward, under steward and cook inaugurate a drunken 
row iu honor of the occasion, it being New Year's night. 
Taking no part in the orgies of the revelers, we retire to our 
berths, but not to sleep, fur the uoLse of the bacchanals prevents 
all sleeping until near morning. 

In the dull lamp light and heated atmosjihere of the irregular 
apartment, and hearing the jargon of foreign languages, blas- 
phemous and vulgar, one may almost imagine himself a witness 
of the scenes of Milton's pandemonium. Blorning at last, the 
ship is unmoored at 7 a. m. but we do not proceed far beforo 
we again come to anchor. The gale having increased in severity 
and the ship having no lading, being simply in ballast, cannot 
run against the wind, the captain dare not venture out to sea 
for the V'ind is dead ahead. 

Remaining in the mouth of the river until the follnwing 
morning, during which time we undergo the horrors of sea- 
sickness, we at last set out, and making a tine run acro.ss the 
Southern part of the Noith Sea, came to anchor for the night 
in the mouth of the river Maese, as the lower part of the river 
Rhine is called. The pilot who came on board at London takes 
charge of the ship, and iust as we are entering the river, with a 
full head of steam on, we run liigh and dry upon a sand bar. 

The captain is gieatly annoyed, but not to blame, as the 
pilot had charge of the shi]) at the time. It is bitterly cold 
and vast masses of ice arc drifting out of the river. We can 
see a number of windmills on the low flat coast, and there are 
some fishermen coming off in their boats. As they come 
nearer we notice that they wear sou-westers and canvass trow- 
sers and wooden .shoes. They are great extortioners, for they 
demand eight shillings each (nearly two dollars) for landing us 
on shore. The captain is of the opinion that the ship may be 
got off next tide, but 7 p. m. comes with no signs of getting 
afloat, neither is there at 7 a. m. next morning. The provis- 
ions on board are exhausted; we have no bread at breakfast. 
Every meal on board costs one shilling and three pence, besides 
steward's I'ees are to be paid. We are spending our money and 
nut progressing on our journey. 

To be Continued. 



A WORD TO LADS.— If you wish for a clear mind, stronR 
muscles, and quiet nerves, for long life and pi>wcr, prolonge<i 
into old age, aviiiil all drinks but water, and niil<l infusions of 
lliat fluid, shun toliai'co and opium, and everything el.M^ that 
disturbs the normal state of the syslc'in; rely upon imtritious 
food, and mild diluent drinks, of which water is the basis; and 
you will need nothing bcyon<l these things except rest, and the 
line moral regulation of all yoiu- powers, to give you long, happy, 
:inil us(d'ul Uves, and a serene evening at the close. —i^-o/a»«or 
/Siiliinan. 



=-fe*^t 







Cr TJ "^r E 3^ I L El IltTSTI^TJCTOI^. 




Si;I(rli-& fiitttv. 



m 

p^'. 



s TJ nvi nyi IE i^ . 

Summer is here; the teeming eartli rejoii'os 
In tlie gay gladness of tlie liarvest-tirae; 

And all day long we hear from countless voices 
Songs of thanksgiving in continuous chime. 

The reapers to the golden fields repairing, 

Gather tlie grain with grateful heart and song; 

While weaker hands, ;is in the labor sharing, 
Prei>are good cheer to ease the toil along. 

Over the meadows balmy winds arc waving 
The graceful grasses and the rustling corn; 

And br the brook the thirsty herds stand laving, 
All heedless of the sounding diuner-hurn. 

The hills and dales, clouds, mountain, woodland, 
^'ie with each other which shall best proclaim 

The handiwork of God, the great all-giver, 
And man responds with, '■•Glory to his natne!" 



(O J^F :e 



F'ji- the Jurcnile Instructor. 



'^ 4 HI where is that?" some Utile readers may tny ''and what 

i\. soit of a place is it?" I will try and tell you. Full well. 
I recolleet in 1S54, after being nearly three months out of sight 
of land, on a voyage from Kngland to Cape Town, wear}- and 
tired of the confinement of shipboard, and the ever heaving 
monotony of the waves, how one luorning. in the the grey 
misty dawn, toweriiis high, on mountains rising out of the mighty 
deep, the signal lighthouse of the Cape of Good Hope, slione 
strangely from the South African coast, and I thought of the 
time when Bartholomew Diaz first rounded this extreme south- 
ern part of Africa, and called it, on account of the rough 
weather he experienced, the Cai>e of Storms, a name afterwards 
eliangcd to the Cape of Good Hope, because the king thought 
there was a "good hope" of finding thereby a shorter passage 
to India. -Vs I was saying, the land arose in my sight high 
ai\d mi,-ty from the ocean bed; soon we entered the harbor of 
Table Bay. and beheld Table Mountain, at tlie foot of which 
appeared Cape Town, white and ]>icturesiiuo. So sudden was 
the change from the bare outline of the .sea for a long time, 
that it seemed like a picture or vivid dream, more than reality. 
Table Mountain is so called because the top is fiat and level 
like a table; and before a high wind or storm, the clouds spread 
upon its top in a ver\- singular manner, which tlie inhabitants 
of Caiie Town, call the spreading of the table cloth. 

A\'ell, we soon landed, the sun .shining warm and brightly, 
and from the wharf we entered the town, where we .saw quite 
a novel and busy sight. Some of the main streets are hand- 
some and contain tine stores and buildings; but in other parts 
of the city, the streets are narrow and dirty. The population 
of Cape Town is about ;;i),lX»tl, and in uo part of the world 
will you find a more curious and mixed as.semblagc. 

Cape Town is tiie great half-hou.-e, where shijis call for water 
and supiilies on their way to and from India, Australia, etc., 
and .-^hips of various nationalities are nearly always present, their 
pas.sengers and crews filling the streets with continual variety. 

Let us stand still for a UKjuient, and watch the iias.sers by. — 
First comes along a Dutdi family, just come in from the country 
to trade, and in^iihicr (the master) and his inn': (the mistress,! 



are looking as if they thought Cape Town the biggest city in 
the world. Mijulwer has an immensely large "dopper" hat, 
the enormously broad brim would give quite a new sensation to 
a New York dandy, and the long feet and burly body of 
Mijnhcer, are quite a study, and the short staring calico 
dresses, worn without crinoline by the vrow and khitcrs (chil- 
dren), are equally amusing. Next passes by a spruce gloved 
merchant, or merchant's clerk; next, two pretty English misses, 
in "pork pie" hats and ample crinoline; then two or three 
sailors "going on the spree" and half drunk already; next, a 
dandified-looking, dapper, French naval officer, and — but good- 
ness what is that? a big monkey? No; that is a Hottentot, one 
of the original owners of the country. He belongs to one of 
the ugliest races of black, or rather brown humanity in the 
world. His average height, is from four and a half to five feet 
oi;ly; his nose is broad and flat, mouth large, cheek-bones high, 
lyes small, and his hair grows in small curly tufts, at intervals, 
like bunch grass on a hill side; but, when not drunk, he is a 
useful .servant, to drive oxen, herd sheep, farm, etc. Ah, and 
here comes a big, black Kaffir, fat and saucy, humming a 
Kaffir tune, quite a contrast to our little Hottentot; and here 
come two or three girls, one or two of them of faultless sym- 
metry, and pretty features, but all more or less black, or rather 
brown; they are smartly dressed, and evidently think they are 
somebodies. 

But we have stood still long enough, and will take a short 
walk round the town. Here is the niuseuni, full of curiosities 
from all parts of the world; and here the botanical gardens, 
where may bo found all sorts of rare plants; a military brass 
band is playing and many well dressed persons are promenading 
the walks. Here is the Castle Barrack, where are a great 
number of British soldiers. Th>.re is also plenty of cannon 
and ammunition stored here, for Cape Town is a place of impor- 
tance, and though England took Cape Town from the Dutch 
many years ago, she does not intend that the Dutch shall take 
it i'rom her, if she can help it. 

Let us go down another street or two, and we are in the 
Malay portion of the town. They are nearly all iMalays who 
live here; a dark brown race, believers in a corrupt kind of 
Jlahometanism. They seem verj- fond of fish, to judge by the 
quantity hanging about their yards. The men wear high 
conical straw hats, shaped like a little bell tent, and wooden 
pattens or slippers, which they manage to keep under their feet 
by a knob of wood passed between their toes. They are a 
strange race, and believe a great deal in witchcraft. There is a 
great deal of noise, and the smell of the streets is very 
unplea.sant, so we will leave them. 

Perhaps you have now seen so much of Cape Town as you 
have time to look at; but, before leaving, let me tell you that the in- 
habitants of Cape Town, are generally s]ieaking a wicked and 
drunken people. They make a great deal of brandy and wine 
there. Cape Smoke they call the brandy, and it is rightly 
named, for it is the smoke of a consuming fire. Drunkenness, 
violence and licentiousness, reign triumphant. There are plenty 
of churches, and jilcnty of hired preachers, having a form of 
godhness without the power; but viituehas fled, and the liouses 
and plea.sant walks arc filled with men, seeking the gratification 
of their pas,^ions, and with women of whom the less is said the 
lielter. 

Children, you may well thank God that you are not exposed 
to the tcnijitation of such cities, and that you have the instruc- 
tions of the .servants of the Lord in these peaceful valleys to 
teach you to shun even the aippearance of evil. 

A. H. Noo.\. 



BriTKR a little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure 
and tiouble therewith. 



f?^*^- 



■^^^?! 



CrTJ^EIsrilLiE IltT.STI^TJCTOI?.. 




^luQt^njtTjii. 






THIE 




EXERAL JOHN B. CLARK arrived at 
Far West on the 4th of November, 183S — 
the (lay that Joseph, and the brethren who 
were prisoners with him arrived at Inde- 
pendence. The army that Clark had with 
liim numbered one thousand six hundred 
men; besides these there were five huudred 
more within eight miles of tlie city. With- 
in one week Far West had been visited by 
thousand men. They had wonderful fears 
' the Saints. There was a terror accompanying 
eir very name. Six thousand soldiers to march 
it against a little handful of peaceable, inoffen- 
,e citizens! The militia of the city of Far 
est, before any were taken prisoners, only 
amounted to about five hundred, and they were now 
unarmed! Clark's troops committed the greatest 
outrages upon the people. They knew they were not 
in a position to meet them, being defenceless. On 
the fifth, Clark ordered the brethren to form a line, when the 
names of fifty-six of those present were called. These were 
made prisoners Tor some cause; but they were not informed for 
what they were taken, or for what they would be tried. Clark 
made an address to the brethren, which must have been listen- 
ed to by them with feelings of indignation, and in the depths 
of their hearts they must have felt that they would rnther die 
than adopt his advice of scattering abroad and never again 
organizing themselves with Bishops, etc. He began: 

"Gentlkmex: — You whose names are notattaolicd to this list 
of names, will now liave the privilege of going to your fields, 
and of providing corn, wood, ifec, for your families. Tliose 
who are now tal;eii will gf> from this to prison, be tried and 
roi'oive the due demerit of tiieir oriiucs; but you, (except sucli 
as rharires may Iioreaftcr lie preferred against,) are at liberty as 
soon as the troops are removed that now guard the place, which 
I shall cause to be done immediately. It now devolves upon 
yciu to fulfil a treaty that you have entered into, the leading 
items of which I shall now lay before you. The first requires 
that your leading men be given up to be tried according to law; 
this you already have eonijjlied with. Tlie se-.ond is, that you 
deliver up your arms; thi^ has been attended to. The third stipu- 
lation is, that you sijjn over your properties to defray the 
expcnsos of the war. 'i'liis you have also done. Another article 
vet remains for you to coinjily with, — and that is, that you leave 
the St.-ite forthwith. And whatever may beyourfeeliiig-i concern- 
ing this, or whatever your innocence, it is nothing to me. 
General lAica.s fwhose military rank is equal with mine,) has 
made this treaty with you; I approve of it. I slioidd have dune 
the same had I been here. I am therefore determined to see it 
it executed. Tlic character of this .Stale has sullVriMl almoht 
beyond redem|)tifpii, from the character, conduct and influence 
that you have exerted; and we deem it an act of justice to 
reiit<-)re her character to its former standing among the states by 
every proper means. Tlio order.sof the Governor to me were,thiit 
vtm should be externiinateil, and not allowed to remain in the 
Stale. And had not your leaders been given up, and the 
terms ofthe treaty complied with before this time, you and your 
familio.s would have been destroyed, and your houses in .ashes. 
Thero ih a discretionary power vested in iny hands, which, 
considerini; your circuin'tt.iiu'eH, I sli.-dl e.xercise forasea.sou. 
You aro indebted to mo for this clemency. I do not buy that 



you shall go now, but you must not think of staying here 
another season or of putting in crops; for the moment you do 
this the citizens will be upon you; and if I am called here again 
incase of a non-con pliance of a treaty made, do not think 
that I shall do as I have done now. You need not expect any 
mercy, but e:ctcf>ninatio7i, for I am determined the Governor's 
order shall be executed. As for your Leaders, do not think, do 
not imagine for a moment, do not let it enter into your minds 
that thej' will be delivered and restored to you again, for their 
fate is fixed, their die is cast, their doom is sealed. I am sorry. 
Gentlemen, to see so many apparent!}' intelligent men found in 
the situation that you are; and Oh! if I could invoke that 
Great iSpirif, THE UNKXHWN GOD to rest upon and 
deliver you from that awful chain of superstition, and lilierate 
you from those fetters of fanaticism witli wliieli you are bound 
— that you no longer do homage to a man. I would advise you to 
scatter abroad, and never again organize yourselves with 
Bishops,Priesidents,ctc.,Iest you excite the jealousies of the peo- 
jile and subject yourselves to the same calamities th.".t have now 
come ujion you. You have alw ays been the aggressors — you 
have brought upon yourselves these difficulties, by being 
disatt'ected, and not being suiiject to rule. And my advice i.s, 
that you become as other citizens, lest by a recurrence of these 
events you bring upon yourselves irretrievable ruin." 

You see, children, that Clark refers to a treaty that the 
Saints had entered into. You will recollect that they never 
entered into any treaty with the mob. The traitor George M. 
Hinkle was the only one who made any treaty, and he concealed 
what he was doing from Joseph and the faithlul brethren. 
Besides he had no authority to enter into a treaty that would 
bind the whole people. Clark and all the rest of the niobber.s 
knew this; but it suited their purpose to take this view of the 
case. They acted towards the Saints as though they were a 
distinct nation, and not as the citizens of a great republic who 
had individual rights, and they pretended to think that Hinlde 
had a right to make a treaty. 

This speech of Clark's has already received a notoriety that 
its author little dreamed of at the time he delivered it. He 
may peri.sh miserably; but his wretched words will live, and go 
down to posterity as a specimen of the wickedness and folly of 
those who fought against the truth. 

Clark also said that there was no other course for them to take 
but to flee immediately from the State, and they must not bo 
seen as many as five together. If that number were to be seen 
together, he said the citizens would be upon them and destroy 
them. 

Clark then sent the brethren whom he had taken prisoners 
under a strong guard to Richmond, Kay county. 



For Ihr Juvenile Iiisiriieti>r. 

VISIT 12?:. 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 

[cONTINVEn.] 

THE next morning as the family were seated around iho table 
at breakfast, it was noticed that the stranger, whom we 
will call, for convenience elder R., did not drink cither tea or 
coffee, but water. "Excuse me, sir," said jiapa, "hut may I 
ask you the reason why you prefer drinking water to tea or 
coffee?" 

"Certainly, sir," replied elder R., "I believe it is more 
healthy; it gives a tone to the stomach, braces the nervcB, and 



•Hi. 



'^ 



■=««^^^?i 




f 



Cr TJ "V E n^ I L El 



IInTSTI^TJCTOI^ 



r^ 



'4. 



gives move power to the will to resist evil and one is not so liable 
to ili^ease. Water is a great purifier of the whole system, and 
any sensible person who wishes to enjoy life wonld certainly 
drink water in preference to such beverages as tea and colfee. 
I, liii.e you. once drank tea and coffee; but I was led to reflect 
upon the evil of it, through the following circumstance. Last 
evening I assured you that (iod our heavenly Father, the Father 
of the spirits of all flesh, and of our Lord and Savior Jesus 
Christ, had again couimuuicated his will unto man upon the 
earth, and although it may come in contact with your traditions 
or religious opinions it is a solemn truth. L'pon one occasion 
Jesus Christ, for the benefit of the Saints, and to teach his true 
disciples how they might purify and sanctify themselves, that 
the Holy (xhost might dwell with them, gave unto the church a 
revelation which he called 'J v:ord of in'sdom,' and which was 
adapted to the capacity of the weakest of all Paints. It has 
been published to all. and is to be found in this book." As 
elder E. spoke, he handed papa a neatly bound book entitled 
the '^Booh of Doctrine and Covenants." "You can read the 
revelation. I speak of, on page 240,'' continued Elder E. "When 
I read that revelation I was in the haliit of drinking tea, eoff'ee, 
and I also u.sed tobacco, and never thought of any particular evil 
resulting therefrom. I used these luxuries, as they are termed, 
in ignorance. Bat, when I read that revelation, the Lord 
bles.sed me nnth his spirit, so that I could understand and see 
the necessity of it, and the vast amount of benefit it would be 
to me to observe the .same. Since that time I have 
drunk water, and I have been healthier, and I enjoy 
more of the communion of the Holy Spirit and can understand 
the princiiiles of the gospel much clearer, and see the beauty, 
order, and simpUcity of the plan of salvation, and have more 
power in the administration of the Holy Priesthood." 

"Do all your people deny themselves tea, coffee and tobacco," 
asked papa. 

"I am soiTv to say no, sir," said Elder R., "I wish they did, 
for we would be more united and more powerful for good if they 
did. Some of our people are as much slaves to habit as they 
are in this country. They have created a want over which they 
have no power, although in other respects they are very good 
men and women. But there is growing up in the mountains a 
powerful jieople in the children. The rising generation in Utah 
are being taught the 'ii-a;jx of tlie Lord' in their youth, and are 
growing into righteousness and true moral worth. I ni.ay 
say truly, as a people we strive to keep the Word of Wisdom. 
Isow, let me Ije frank with you, sir," continued Elder H., "we 
act as a general thing in accordance with the faith and Wisdoin 
that we possess. I have taught ynu the first princijiles of the 
Gospel of Christ, and have honestly testified to their truth. 
Did you believe them, and see the necessity of them, and you 
desired to do right, you would obey the gospel and bo baptized 
for the remission ( f your sins; so with every other principle. 
The truly upri<.'ht. honest man has to be convinced in his judg- 
ment. If it reijuired the ll'jly Spirit, the revelations of Jesus 
Christ, to enable me to see the kingdom of Cod and the neces- 
sity of oljcdience, it refpiires the same for you. Ho is your 
Father, as well as mine; your God, or should be, as well as 
mine. Heroin .should we liave charity. All the power forgood 
we have is to set a good example ourselves. AVords are Imt as 
wind, unless our works testify that we truly believe what we 
advocate. ' ' 

Mary and Ellen sat vcn- .piietly at the breakfast table, enjoy- 
ing their breakfast, and listening to the instructions of Elder 
E. They did not interrupt the conversation by teasing mamma 
or being restless and nnconilbrtable; but the}' behaved them- 
selves like two little ladies, and showed they understood good 



manners. 

Nnthillf] 



so pretty, my li.tle nuiidcns, as to see well-behaved 




little girls; they always grow up to be good intelligent women, 
and are ca|iable of doing a vast amount of good in the world. 
After breakfast papa went to his work, and Elder E. sta3'ed to 
write some letters. 

Tlie breakfast things had been cleared away. Elder E. had 
written one or two letters, when the girls came in, and sat down 
to prepare their morning lessons, where we will leave them 
until m\ nest visit. 



f 5 



T O 



7^1/!- (he Juvenile TnstrHeior. 

E IR. iT IE S T. 



FllNEST, 

I tlianfv ynu for the lines 
You wrote, and wrote so well; 

O, wli.1t a. blessing 'tis to learn 
To read and write and spelll 

Be ever diligent to learn 

Whatever good you can; 
That you ina^' wise and useful hS) 

Wlien you become a man. 

Be very careful of your hooks. 

To neither tear, nor soil them, 
But keep them looking clean and neat, 

And not neglect, or spoil them. 

What books you read, and what you do, 
Let your dear parents ehoose; 

The counsels loving parents give, 
The child should not refuse. 

Be honest and be upright too— 
Ij«t all your words be truth. 

And noble manhood, yet, will crown 
Your childhood and your vouth. 



E. n. a. 



C H ^^ I^ ^^ ID IE 



BV ORSdN F. WIIITNKY. 



I am composed of G letters. 

My 1 , 4, 5, 2, arc great domestic ann03'ancefiv 

]My 6. 3, is very useful to man. 

IMy 4, ."), 2, is very jileasant in summer. 

!My whole is a country on this AVcstern Continent. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 14 is DELAWARE 
RHEE, to the Eebus. CLAEK, LAEK, AEK. 

The followinc sent correct answers to both: — J. S. Thornton; 
E. B. Thornton; W. .1. Clark; J. H. Parry; J. Tavey. Arta 
Young; E. E. Hopkins and 1^ E. Mi' law ansered tlie 
Charade; and W. Stickles H. A. Stayner, and M. A. Morgan, 
the Ju'Imis. 



CrTJ"^ElNriIL.E! I3SrSTI?.TJOTOI?. 

Is },n!>h.sfif'<l in tyi'i'fi-t >^"^l L'ikr Cifi/, Cfufi V>> J-)7o?-.'/, 
ox TIIK FIRST A- FIFTEEXTH OF EVKRY JIOXTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, E DITOR & PUBLISHER. 

single Copy, per Annum '3 fin 

isiUBle Copy, for Six. Moutlis 1 50 



O^ _i^ 



MgaETP C.«>Mllli ^ » '» -IW I -CT »^»^igW 




