
YOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CUT, FEBRUARY lo, 1878. 



NO. 4. 



OTJK. I=LE)^SUI?.ES. 



THE winter is iast passing away, and the season for sleifih- 
riding, coasting, snow-balling and skating will soon be, i f it 
is not already, q'lite over. The winter sports will have (o givi^ 
place to those more appropriate for the spring of the year. 
The ball, the top, the kite and the marbles will tonn heeouje 
as popular with the boys as the sled and the skates have bi;en. 
Every season has its peculiar charm, and the clianpos occur 
sufficiently often to keep up our relish for each while we enjoy 




it and yet cause us to look forward 
with pleasant anticipation to the com- 
ing one. 

The boys enjoy the delightful siiort 
of "coasting" down the hill on their 
hand sleds during the first snowstorm 
of the season so much that they think 
there is nothing quite so pleasant; but 
two or three months of biting frost, 
alternated with wind and sleet, and 
hail, cause them to welcome again the 
bright, sunny days of spring. As the 
genial spring weather is more enjoy- 
able to us from our having felt the 
chilling blasts of winter, so the cool I 
breezes of autumn are the more wel- 
come because of the sultry days of sum- 
mer. 

How the wisdom of the Vlmighty is 
displayed in thus providing for the 
comfortand happiness of Hiscreatures! 
We appreciate any blessing only by 
having experienced its opposite. Our 
happiness is enhanced by the miserj' 
we have to pass through. AVe would 
know no joy if we never felt any .sor- 
row. We could nevert enjoy the 
sweet if we did not taste the bitter. 
We cannot fully appreciate health until wo have endured s-iek- 
ness. The sun never seems to us so bright and plua.^-ant as 
when it has been obscured from view for a time by chterless 
intervening clouds. We would never .--cc the beautiful raii,- 
bow were it not for the descending rain. 

As the beauty of a landscape is enhanced by tlie glimmer- 
ing of the rising sun through the gently failing summer 
shower, so our anticipated joys always look the brighter when 







seen i hrough our tears. Thus we may see a providence in the 
most unpleasant circumstances that duty requires us to face, and 
the greatest, har Iship we have to endure. Were it not for 
tlioe our life's pleasures would be robbed of half their 
sweets. 

The boys of to-day are to be the men of the future. Coast- 
ing and skatirg are not always to be their winter amusements. 
Stern duties are before them; but they are not necessarily 
devoid of pleasure. Happiness is to 
be found in every honorable pursuit, 
if they will only take the course 
to find it. They must remember the 
lesson of their youth: that to enjoy 
the pleasure of a ride down the hill on 
their hand sleds they had first to toil to 
reach the tO]). So it is through life. 
If we desire respect, influence, power 
and happiness, we must secure them 
by persevering industry. We are not 
^ going to gain them by listless idleness, 
or by spending our time in repining 
at the providences of the Almighty. 
The highest positions within our 
reach in this life are only to be gained 
by diligent labor. Indeed, it is only by 
such means that we could quality our- 
selves to fill them or be able to appre- 
ciate them, if it were possible for us 
to gain thein without an effort. So 
with the blessings of the future. If 
we desire an exaltation in the next 
ife we must gain it by sacrifice and 
devotion in this. If wo attain to any 
kind of glory, or .secure any blessing, 
in a future existence it will be 
through proving ourselves worthy of 
the same by our course in this life. And this is in accordaneo 
wiili a ju.^t and consistent law. 



Sl.iii'ii makes all things difficult, but industry all easy; and 
ho llial risi'th late must trot all day, and shall scarce overtake 
hitt bu.-ine.ss at night, while Laziness travels so slowly, that 
I'ovcrly soon overtakes him. 





TTJ^EnsriLE IITSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




raxjcls 




BY \7ILLIA5I FOTHERINGIIAM. 



[Contimted.) 




"IT^^HEX gangs of Thugs were arrested, it was a difficult 
T T task for the officers of the law to have them convicted. 
The forms of the criminal courts and the lax provisions of 
the Mohammedan law woxild leave a loop hole for the culprits 
to crawl through. Again, the petty land-holders, as well as 
the native police and revenue officers, would connive with 
them and wink at their nefarous practices. Also many of the 
natives who knew of their act? were unwilling to appear as 
their accuseis before the proper courts. 

However, through the vigilance of a few officers in the 
servics of the East India Company, their depredations were 
greatly suppressed. 

They travel in organized bands of from ten to fifty persons, 
sometimes more. If they are flush with means they will 
assume the garb of traders, merchants, and sometimes pilgrims, 
mounted on horseback, having along with them tents and 
other comforts suitable for the journey. If they are poor 
they will travel in a more humble sphere. The Thugs are 
grossly superstitious, and previous to starting on their expedi- 
tions, they will consult their oracles, and study the signs and 
omens wh'ch they ascribe to the influence of Devi. They 
carefully watch the appearance of birds, beasts and reptiles, 
the cries they utter, the course they take, etc. 

The chief learning of a Thug consists in being well versed 
in the numerous omens, and to be able to give them a true 
interpretation. To misii.lerpret, they think, is sure to bring 
disaster upon them. They will not start on their expedition 
until they are satisfied the signs are ominous. To meet the 
corpse of any one belonging to the village is considered a bad 
omen, also, to meet a woman with an empty pitcher, or hear 
an ass braying from the front, to see apair of jackals crossing the 
road ahead of the gang, to behold a wolf cross the road Irom 
left to right, to meet a dancing master, an oil seller, a potter, 
a carpenter, a devotee with long traced hair, or a Fakir with 
a brown waistband; also for any of the gang to sneeze when 
starting on their campaign. 

On the other hand, it is considered a good sign to hear an 
ass braying on the left while in camp, to see a jackal going 
from right to left, an antelope from left to right, or to meet a 
woman with a pitcher full of water. 

The foregoing are a few of the many mysteiious tokens 
which govern the Thugs. When they are .satisfied that the 
ominous warnings are indicative of a successful expedition 
they start in gangs, as I have already stated. Previous to 
entering towns or cities they scatter, with the understanding 
that when they meet in the.se places it is by accident, being 
entire strangers to one another. A portion of the gang make 
themselves useful as spies or emissaries, acquiring information 
relative to any wealthy persons who are about to undertake a 
journey or proceed on a pilgrimage to Benares, Gyayah, 
Allahabad or Jugernauth. The most polished and eloquent 
of the gang will insinuate themselves by winning confidence 
through their cheerful and agreeable manners, intimating 
that they also are traders, merchants or pilgrims; or, in fact, 
anything that will meet the approbation of those whom they 
intend to entrap. 



Sometimes they will follow their victims without making their 
acquaintance. On arriving at a place suitable for the safe 
execution of their design, a rope or an unfolded turban is 
quickly thrown around the neck of the victim, the ends of 
the rope are crossed and d'awn tigbt by an accomplice; at the 
same time the head of the victim is pressed forward. Another 
of the gang seizes him by the leg, causing him to fall to the 
ground, when his feet and hands are secured until life is 
extinguished. The dead body is then plundered of the 
valuables found upon it and buried in a hole dug in the ground 
in a place not exposed to observation. Should there be 
several travelers whom they intend to victimize, not one is 
suffered to escape, as the Thugs invariably have their plans 
laid to outnumber those whom they int»nd to attack. AVhile 
the strangling is going on, scouts are stationed to guard every 
avenue, and give notice of any approaching traveler. Every 
vestige of the deed is carefully concealed by covering up their 
tracks, so that no evidence of the perpetration of the murder 
may ever be divulged, except through the Thugs thems^'-lves, 
who are bound by the most solemn oaths, as well as their own 
interests, to keep their horrid acts secret. 

In attacking a traveler that is mounted, one of the gang 
goes in front of the horse while another follows clo. e behind. 
The third accomplice keeps by his side, and when satisfied 
that he is off his guard, suddenly draf s him to the ground by 
the arm and strangles him in the u.sual manner. 

The Thugs not only ply their vocation on land, but the 
rivers of India are also infested by them, where their outfit 
consists of a suitable boat. In general habits they are similar 
to the land Thugs. They mostly go in strong parties. A 
portion of their number ape the style of travelers of distinc- 
tion; the others act as boatmen. When proceeding up the 
Ganges, they pretend they are on a pilgrimage to Benares, 
Allahabad and Gyayah. When moving down the river they 
are just returning from these shrines. 

The travelers to be victimized are decoyed from the high- 
ways and strangled inside the boat. While this is going on a 
part of the gang is on deck beating tom toms, playing and 
singing. This making merry is done for the purpose of 
diverting the attention of those on passing boats, to dissipate 
even the most distant idea of the foul act tbat is being perpe- 
trated on board. As soon as the coast vj considered clear, the 
signal is given, and the bodies of the unfortunate men are 
thrown into the river. It creates no S'lspicion, whatever, of 
foul play to see human bodies floating on the sacred rivers of 
India. 

The manner in which they divide their plunder is rather 
peculiar. A certain portion is appropriated for the purpose 
of defraying the expenses of religious ceremonies, also for the 
maintenance of the wives and children of deceased members 
of the gang. The balance of the booty is divided into shares, 
which run as follows: The leader receives two shares; the 
teacher, the entrappers, the sfranglers and the grave diggers 
receive one and a half shares; each all the other members of 
the gang receive one share each. 

The practice of taking life in the manner followed by the 
Thugs was formerly carried on by a number of associations, 
the members of which, although composed of different relig- 
ions and castes, occupying difi'erent parts of India, were 
banded together as a confederation of criminals, who were 
known to each other wherever they happened to meet by a 
system of secret signs and a peculiar dialect. They were 
taught from their childhood that it was their hereditary call- 
ing to murder by means of the noose, that they were mere 





J T7 "V' E ]tT I H. E IITSTK.TJOTOI?. 



39 



tools in the hands of destinj', and were not responsible. The 
youth was first trained as a scout, and not allowed to witness 
the operations of his elders who were old in crime. As he 
grew older he was permitted to see and handle the corpses 
and assist in their burial. When he advanced to manhood 
and exhibited adequate strength and will he was permitted to 
take the part of the strangler, which was the summit of his 
ambition; but before committing his first murder it devolved 
upon him to select one of the gang for his teacher, or "guru," 
who put him through a form of mysterious initiations. 
(To he Continued.) 

[The foregoing chapter should have appeared in No. 1 of 
the present volume, but the copy was lost in transit from 
Beaver, and not received until the two succeeding chapters 
were published. Ed. J. I.] 



-«*- 



to^r a^hg. 



JOS 






THE 



( Continued. ) 




IN the last chapter we told you that Nauvoo, or Commerce, 
as it was first called, was not a healthy place. Consider- 
able sickness prevailed there, and many were prostrated by it. 
But God did not forget ?Iis proujises to Plis people, and He 
sustained and upheld His servant Joseph. There was one 
day when God's power was poured out to a wonderful extent. 
Knowing that Brother Wilford Woodruif was an eye witness 
to many of the incidents which occurred on that day, and 
that he is very particular in keeping a journal, we asked him 
to write a description of those interesting events, that our 
readers might become familiar with them. He very kindly 
complied with our wish, and we take pleasure in laying this 
account before you. 

"In consequence of the persecutions of the Saints in Mis- 
souri, and the exposures to which they were subjected, many 
of them were taken sick soon after their arrival at Commerce, 
afterwards called Nauvoo; and, as there were but a small 
number of dwellings for them to occupy, Joseph had filled 
his house and tents with them, and through constantly attend- 
ing to their wants, he soon fell sick himself. After being 
confined to his house several days, and while meditating upon 
his situation, he had a great desire to attend to the duties of 
his office. On the morning of the 22nd of July, 1S39, he 
irose from his bed and commenced to administer to the .sick 
in his own house and door-yard, and he commanded them in 
the name of the Lord Jesus Christ to arise and be made whole; 
and the sick were healed upon every side of him. 

"Many lay sick along the bank of the river, and Joseph 
walked along up to the lower stone house, occupied by Sidney 
lligdon, and he healed all the sick that lay in his path. 
Among the number was Henry 0. Sherwood, who was nigh 
unto death. Joseph stood in the mouth of his tent and 
commanded him in the name of Jesus Christ to arise and 
come out of his t«nt, and he obeyed him and was healed. 
Brother Benjamin Brown and his family al.so lay sick, the 
former appearing to be in a dying condition. Josei)h healed 
them in the name of the Lord. After healing all that lay 



sick upon the bank of the river as far as the stone house, he 
called upon Elder Kimball and some others to acompany him 
across the river to visit the sick at Montrose. Many of the 
Saints were living at the old Military Barracks. Among the 
number were several of the Twelve. On his arrival, the 
first house he visited was that occupied by Elder Brigham 
Young, the President of the Quorum of the Twelve, who lay 
sick. Joseph healed him, when he arose and accompanied the 
prouhet on his visit to others who were in the same condition. 
They visited Elder W . Woodruff, also Elders Orson Pratt and 
John Taylor, all of whom were living in Montrose. They 
also accompanied him. The next place they visited was the 
home of Elijah Pordham, who was supposed to be about 
breathing his last. When the company entered the room the 
prophet of God walked up to the dying man, and took hold 
of his right hand and spoke to him; but Brother Fordham 
was unable to speak, his eyes were set in his head like glass, 
and he seemed entirely unconscious of all around him. 
Joseph held his hand and looked into his eyes in silence fcT 
a length of time. A change in the countenance of Brother 
Fordham was soon perceptible to all present. His sight 
returned, and upon Jo.^eph asking him if he knew him, he, 
in a low whisper, answered 'Yes.' Joseph asked him if he 
had faith to be healed. He answered 'I fear it is too late, if 
you had cnme sooner I think I could have been healed.' The 
prophet said, 'Do j'ou not believe in Jesus Christ?' He 
answered in a feeble voice, 'I do.' Joseph then stood erect, 
still holding his hand in silence several moments, then he 
spoke in a very loud voice, saying, 'Brother Fordham, I 
command you in the name of Jesus Chrisr to arise from this 
bed and be made whole.' His voice was like the voice of 
God, and not of man. It seemed as thougli the house shook 
to its vory foundation. Brother Fordham arose from his bed, 
and was immediately made whole. His feet were bound in 
poultices, which he kicked off, then putting on his clothes he 
ate a bowl of bread and milk and followed the prophet into 
the street. The company next visited Brother Joseph Bates 
Noble, who lay very sick. He also was healed by the 
prophet. By this timo the wicked became alarmed, and 
followed the company into Brother Noble's house. After 
Brother Noble was healed all kneeled down to pray. Brother 
Foidham was mouth, and, while praying, he fell to the floor. 
The prophet arose, and looking around, he saw quite a number 
of unbelievers in the house, whom he ordered out. When 
the room was cleared of the wicked Brother Fordham came 
to and finished his prayer. 

"Alter healing the sick in Montrose, all the company 
followed Joseph to the bank of the river, where he was going 
til take the boat to return home. While waiting lor the boat 
a man from tlic West, who had seen that the sick and dying 
were healed, asked Joseph if he would not go to his house 
and heal two of his children, who wore very sick. Tliey were 
twins and were throe months old. Joseph told Iho man he 
could not go; but he would send .some one to heal them. He 
told Elder Woodruff to go with the man and heal his children. 
At the same time he took from his pocket a silk bandanna 
iiaiulki'rchicf, and gave it to ISrotliar Woodruff, tolling him to 
wipe tli(' faoosiif the cliildron with it and tlioy sliould lie healed; 
iiiid remarked at the same time: 'As long as you keep that 
hankorchiof it shall remain a league between you and me.' 
I'lldor ^\^)odruff did as he was commanded,' and the children 
were healed, and he keoi)S the handkerchief to this day. 

"Tlierc were many sick whom .losoph could not visit, so he 
coun.seled the Twidve to go and visit and heal them, and many 






40 



j"'cr"v^E!JsrTrj£] iisrsTi?.cjcTOi^ 




were healed under their hands. On the day following that 
upon which the above-described events took place Joseph sent 
Elders George A. and Don Carlos Smith up the river to heal 
the sick. They went up as far as Ebenezer Robinson's — one 
or two miles, and did as they were commanded, and the sick 
were healed." 



THE! TELEX^HZOnSTE, 



BY J. L. B. 




IT is generally understood, even by children, that messnges 
can be sent by telegraph, and that wires are used to connect 
places together, by means of which electricity is transmitted 
at the will of the telegraph operator. By this method the 
talking is done in a sort of clicking language, which the prac- 
ticed ear of the operator understands. By means of an instru- 
ment known as the telephone it has recently been made i o ;- 
sible to reproduce similar sounds to those of the human voice, 
or other sounds. Instead of an operator touching a key to 
open and close the electric current, he talks into an instrument 
which is so constructed as to affect a similar instrument at a 
distance, which is connected with it by a wire. The contri- 
ivance is a very .simple one. The instrument is very smal 
and portable, that generally used being only about five and 
a half inches long by nearly three inches wide at its longest 
end. 

To use it, one talks into the large end as if speaking through 
a tube. But, instead of it being a hollow tube, there is 
within it a cup-like disk of iron. This acts upon a permanent 
magnet and sets in motion electricity. This passes through a 
coil of copper wire wound around the magnet. Every per- 
cussion caused by the human voice, or any other sound, 
strengthens or weaken.s the magnetic current thus produL-ed, 
according to the intensity of the vibration of the disk, which 
in turn depends fur its motion upon the air disturbance made 
by the voice in speaking, or any other similar source of sound. 

Now, it is found that by connecting two or more telephones 
together, the vibrations produced on the disk of i.ne are 
tran.smitted to the others, setting the air in motion in the 
same manner, and thus producing similar .sounds; so that 
telephones connected together by a proper wire are now made 
the means of conversation. 

It is not claimed that the principle of the telephone is new, 
so far as transmission t.f sound is concerned, but the elegant 
method of connecting places together by a continuous wire 
with a vibrating magnet at either end is entirely new to 
science. 

It has long been known that the natives of India, of some 
parts of Africa and some other uncivilized countries are in the 
habit of amusing themselves with a species of telephone, or 
a simple contrivance which works upon the same principle. 
It consists merely of two eongs, connccti'd together by a string 
or wire, by which soiinds made by beating upon one gong are 
transmitted to the other. 

The natives of the Sandwich Ir^landsalso have a very simple 
and more perfect telephone with which they amuse themselves. 
It consists of a wooden or metal cylinder with a piece of 
goatskin stretched over one end of it, presenting the appear- 
ance of a miniature drum with one hivid out of it. To the 
center of the head is attached a string, which connects it with 
a similar arrangement at a distance. A native places one of 
these cups, or cylinders, to his mouth and chants info it and 



the sound can be distinctly heard at the other end of the 
string, a distance of several hundred yards. 

There is an account of a right royal telephone given by 
Isaiah. 

Hezekiah, the king, was "sick unto death," and a prophet 
of God viritcd him and said to him: "Thus saith the Lord, 
set thine house in order; for thou shaltdie, and not live." 

Children, read how that king put the telephone into opera- 
tion: "He turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the 
Lard!" 

In the book i.f Kings, it tells us that the Prophet Isaiah had 
left the king and before he had gone out into the middle court, 
only a few yards of space, "the word of the Lord came to 
him." Pretty quick telephonic operations, these! And 
the prophet went in to the king, as the Lord told him to do. 
Here is the message: 

'Thus saith the Lord, the God of David, thy father, I have 
heard thy prayer, I have S(en thy tears; behold, I will heal 
thee: on the third day thou .shalt go up unto the house of the 
Lord. And I will add unto thy days fifteen years." 

The Italics are not used in the sacred writings, they are 
only introduced here to show that the spiritual telephone, to 
which attention is drawn, is more perfect than science has 
yet attained to. But let us be patient, man may yet discover 
that "things on earth are only patterns of things in the 
heavens;" and that there is a closer connection between the 
dwelling place of our Heavenly Father and the habitations of 
His children than is dreamed of in man's philosophy ! 



THIE 1^.^13: TJTES. 



BY .J. N. S. 



TN July, IS.iS, in company with about thirty men, members 
of the White Mountian IMission, I was stationed in Meadow 
Valley, about one hundred miles from the settlements; at that 
time in Utah Territory, but now in Lincoln County, Nevada. 
We had not much employment, except the usual duties of 
guarding camp and herding the horses. We had built secure 
corrals for our animals, and sowed a field of wheat in the best 
part of the valley that could be watered. But the wheat did 
not look promising, although it was carefully watered; there 
was too much alkali in the soil. Expecting soon to be called 
in, we made no attempt at permanent improvements. There 
were a few Indians who came every day to beg for food, who 
were never sent away empty. As the season advanced we 
concluded to put up some hay, there being an abundance of 
wire grass near the camp. 

As we needed rakes and .some pitchfork bandies for haying, 
and if we stayed to harvest our wheat would need grain cradles, 
we concluded, to go down the wash or canyon below the valley 
in search of some timber with which to make such articles. 
With this object in view, tSree of us took a four-mule team 
and wagon and started out, glad of the change from the 
monotony of camp life. The party consisted of Samuel D. 
White, John W. Christian and my.self There was no road, 
and the ground was covered with a heavy growth of grass. 

The valley was soon passed and wc entered the winding 
canyon below, the .soft sand stone sides of which were washed 
into many gulches by the rain. There was no continuous 
water course but springs broke out occasionally, and we crossed 
a number of triangular pieces of land in the angles of the 




'^ 



J" TJ "V E! 3Sr I L E in^STI^/TJOT'OI?/ 



41 



cP) 




canyon containing several acres, covered with luxuriant blue 
grass. In the afternoon we saw a couple of Indians, and 
called them to us. They were wild and did not understand the 
meaning of shaking hands; they had probably never seen any 
white men before. Three others soon came in; we gave them 
.some provisions and continued on our way. Wo came to a 
small grove of scrubby ash at sunset, but turned back a short 
distance to a sprin? and camjied, three of the Indians remain- 
ing with us over night. We were pleased with the oppor unity 
of cultivating friendly relations with them. White talked 
with them, having some knowledge of their language. He felt 
the more at home with them as be thought he had met some 
of their tribe on the Muddy, above the crossing of the Cali. 
ifornia road. He also believed we were on one of the head 
branches of the Muddy. 

The following morning, as we were preparing to cut the 
timber for our load, the Indians invited us to go a little farther 
down, to their camp, where they said they had some corn grow- 
ing, and where there were taller ash trees, which they compared 
to some .small Cottonwood trees growing near. Suspecting no 
treachery, they having shared our breakfast. White and 
I concluded to go with them, leaving Christian with the 
team. Following our guide down the can; on, we noticed that 
the rocky sides soon became more abrupt, the red and yellow 
cliffs alternatioa: with darker lines. The cliffy w^ire so steep 
that a man could not climb out either side. The number of 
Indians increased as we went along, my companion chatting 
with them all the way. Not being very conversant with their 
language, I said nothing. The pathway was quite narrow. 
We had gone I suppose something over two miles from where 
weleftthe wagon when we suddenly found ourselves surrounded 
bj' some twelve or fourteen Indians, caeh with an arrow across 
his bow, excepting one who had a short gun that he held in 
readiness for immediate use. One of the Indians, apparently 
the chief, advanced into the circle and demanded our shirts 
off our backs. My companion represented to them, as well 
as 1 could understand, the enormity of such a proceeding — 
that we came down there by invitation from them, and that we 
wished to continue friendly, etc. But the chief was deaf to all 
arguments; he made the most contemptuous expressions and 
gestures, while a smile of triumph plaj'ed upon the features of 
those in the circle around us. I realizeil that if we yielded 
one particle to their demands they would be all the more 
rapacious; they would deprive us of our clothing, arms and 
team, and would no doubt kill us before we could reach the 
camp, some thirty miles away. I had a revolver and a knife 
on my belt. 'My companion had left his rifle at the wagon, but 
carried on his shoulder a chopping ax. a very cfTcctivc weapon 
at close quarters. After exhausting his rhetoric he turned 
to me and said: "Well, it's no use talking; what shall we do?' 
"Fight!" I replied, and grasped my weapons. He nodded. 
■ At this instant a change came over the faces of the 
Indiana, they at once exi)resseil great friend>hii, and renewed 
their invitation for us to go to their camp, which they said was 
just ar5un<l the next point. We accompanied them a little 
further but seeing no indicitions of wiekeups, growing corn or 
ash timber, and fearing to trust ourselves any further in their 
power, wo haltod and told them we would return. With many 
expressions of friendslii]i on their part we took leave of them. 

iletiirning to the wagon we found five Indians with Chris- 
tian, who toll! us he had been compclh^d to draw his revolver on 
them to kcc|) them fromcarryingollourblatiketsand provisions. 

We immediately loailed our wagon and f-tarted for camp_ 
arriving the next day, in the evening. 



^JKcsiion^ and ^usircr^ 

book: OIF ivr O lE^ 3^ OIJT . 



LESSON ..'XXXV. 



Q.— How did Joseph Smith come to look in the hill Cumorah 
for the records of the Book of Mormon? 

A. — Moroni, an angel of God, led him to them. 

Q. — Who was Moroni.' 

A. — He was a Nephite general. 

Q. — At what time did he live? 

A. — At the hitter part of the fourth and the beginning of the 
tifth century. 

Q. — Do j-ou know the name of his father? 

A. — It was Mormon. 

O. — Who was Mormon? 

A.— He was a Nephite prophet, and w.is also gener.il of their 
armies. 

Q. — Was he the last leader of the Xephites? 

A. — Yes, he was the leading general at their last battle when 
the}' were nearly all destroyed. 

Q. — Was Moroni with him? 

A.— Yes, he was a general under him. He was also a prophet 
of God. 

Q, — Why did he hide the records? 

A.— Because he was the last of his nation, and the Lord com- 
manded him to do so. 

Q. — What is the translation of these records called? 

A — The Book of Mormon. 

Q. — Why is it called the Book of Mormon? 

A — Because Mormon made an abridgement from the plates, 
and therefore it is called by his name. 

O 3Sr THE BIBILiE. 



Q. — Wliat answer did the Lord give David when he again 
inquired wliether he should go up against the Philistines? 

A. — That he should not go, but shou.d cnconipass them, and 
wait until he heard a sound in the tops of the mulberry trees. 

Q. — What did the Lord then promise? 

A. — That He would go out before David and smite the hosts of 
the Philistines. 

y.— What was the result' 

A. — David did as the Lord commanilcd, and the Philistines 
were smitten. 

li — Whom did David gather together? 

A. — All the chosen men of Israel. 

Q. — What was their number? 

A. — Thirty thousand. 

Q. — Where did David and his people go? 

A. — To the house of Abinadah. 

Q,— Por what purjjoso? 

A.— To fetch the Ark of God. 

Q.— What did David and the house of Israel do as tliej- wore 
bringing the ark? 

A. — Tliey played before tho Lord on all manner of instru- 
ments. 

y — What did Uzz'ili ilo wln-M they cinio to Nnchon's thresh- 
ing floor' 

A. — Ho "pill forth liis hand to the Ark of God, ami took hold 
of it." 

Q._Wliy did lie do so? 

A. — Ui'cause tho o.xon shook it. 

Q, — What was the result? 

A. — "The uiigor of tho Lord was kindled againstl ITzzHh, and 
God snioto him thoro for his error; and there he died by tho Ark 
of God." 





42 



J- TJ ^^ E 3Sr I L EI IISrSTI?.UOTOI^ 





GEOKGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUAKY 15,1878. 



ElJDXTOTiyXJ^lL, THZOTJO-HCTS. 




E want to tulk to our young readers to- day 
about sel^-denial. When we notice chil- 
dren manifest traits of character which 
are not good, and proper to be encouraged, 
w*. E#\t, 'VT-< we feel Hke giving them a gentle hint for 
^^S'^V^^^^^ *''®'"' f^t^i""" guidance. When we see a 
boy take the largest piece of pie on the 
plate, the last slice of cake or the only 
apple there is left, regardless of the wants 
of his brothers and sisters, we always think 
it indicates a little more greed and selfishness 
on his part than is pleasant to see or good to 
encourage. 
When we see a boy spend the few cents of 
pocket money given to him by his mother in candy, 
and then slip away from his playmates to eat it all 
himself, on the sly, we feel that he is in need of a 
few les.sons in self-denial. 
When we see girls .^pcnd the earnings of their widowed 
mother in the purchase of jewelry or fine clothes, to wear 
at parties, while that mother stints herself of necessaries' 
and washes or sews to earn more, we feel that self-denial in 
that family is unequally distributed. In fact, it reminds us 
of the man's hordes which he claimed were well matched, one 
was willing to pull all the load, and the other was more than 
willing that he should. 

When we see a half dozen big, burly men occupying the 
seats near the stove in a railroad car on a very cold morning, 
while several old ladies are shivering with the cold in the 
center of the car, we always think that self denial was no part 
of those fellows' early training, or if so, the lessons were lost 
on them. We have seen no recent exhibition of selfishness 
on the part of any of our readers to remind us of this subject; 
but there is so much of it in the world, and examples of it 
aie so apparent almost everywhere that one is forced to notice it. 
Self-denial in a person's character bespeaks true nobility, 
and the person possessing this trait is likely to find more 
happines.s in the practice of it than is ever to be gained by 
sordid selfishness. 

Sir Walter Scott hat said, "Teach sell-denial, and make its 
practice pleasurable, and you create for the world a destiny 
more sublime than ever issued from the brain of the wildest 
dreamer." And again, "There never did and never will 
exist anything permanently noble and excellent in a character 
which was a stranger to the exercise of resolute sell-denial." 
We are not all onstituted alike. Some are naturally liberal 
and .self denying, even to excess, while others are naturally 
stingy and selfish. But we should seek to cultivate and develop, 
or restrain, ourselves as may be necesnary for our own welfire 
and that of the world generally. 

The Savior, who has given us the greatest example of self- 
denial, enjoined its pr&ctice upon Uis disciples, and said: 
'•Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and 
take up his cross, and follow me." 
D 




However, we need not, in our zeal to please God, deny our- 
selves of every comfort. We need not go to the extreme and 
indulge in self-torture as the ignorant Fakirs do, and as many 
pretended christians formerly did, such as starving themselves 
or deforming their bodies. We need not resort to self-abase- 
ment, as many of the Hindoos and the people of some other 
nations do, to conciliate their gods, such as prostrating them- 
selves to be trampled upon by a horse or by other persons, 
or crawling for miles upon their bellies. We need not do as 
the Spartans did to effect a certain purpose — deny themselves all 
kinds of fcod except the repulsive black broth. We need not be 
miserly. We need not even shut ourselves in cloisters or in 
nunneries and deny ourselves entirely the society of the 
world; for none of these things are pleasing to God. But we 
should be willing to deny ourselves all hurtful, needless and 
extravagant indulgencies. 

The Latter-day Saints, of all other people, should be 
capable of any reasonable self-denial, for they have a greater 
mission than any other people living. There ismore expected 
of them. Indeed, examples of self-denial are not exceptional 
among them, though they are not as universal as they should 
be. How many temples would be built by them, or how 
many missions to the nations of the earth would there be per- 
formed if they did not practice self-denial? These are works 
that we are all interested in, and we cannot perform our 
part acceptably if our self-indulgence is limited only by our 
ability to obtain means. It is thisextravapant self indulgence 
that is ruining our nation. It is the same cause that has led 
many Latter-day Saints to go into debt and mortgage their 
homes, all of which might have been averted by the practice 
of a little wholesome self denial. 

Children, remember that by this practice is gained strength 
of character, power of will, indepenonce, firmness, decision 
and ability to rise in the world. Its absence is marked by 
weakness, lack of force, dependence, improvidence and dissi- 
pation; and frequently by dishonesty, fraud, embezzlement, 



"He'.s a Brick." — If it is slang, it is really classical slang, 
and yet of the thousands who use the term, how few — how 
very few — know its orgin or its primitive significance. Truly, 
it is a heroic thing to say of a man to call him a brick. The 
word, so used, if not twisted from its original intent, implies 
all that is brave, patriotic and loyal. 

Plutarch, in his life of Agesilaus, King of Sparta, gives us 
the origin of the old and familiar expression. 

On a certain occasion an ambassador from Epirus, on a 
diplomatic mission, was shown by the king over his capital. 
The ambassador knew of the monarch's fame — knew that, 
though only nominally King of Sparta, he was the ruler of 
Greece— and he had looked to see the massive walls rearing 
aloft their embattled towers for the defense of the town; but 
he found nothing of the kind. He marveled much at this, 
and spoke of it to the king. 

"Sire," he said, "I have visited most of the principal towns, 
and I find no walls reared for defense. Why is this?" 

"Indeed, Sir ambassador," replied Agesilaus, "thou canst 
not have looked carefully. Come with me to-morrow morn- 
ing and I will show you the walls of Sparta." 

Accordingly, on the following morning, the king led his 
guest out upon the plains, wheie bis army was drawn up in 
fill] battle array, and pointing jiroudly to the serried hosts, he 
said, "There, thou beholdest the walls of Sparta — ten thous- 
and men — and every man a brick!" 




'^ 



vrTJ"v^Ein^TiiiiE xnsrsTi^TJOTOi^.. 



THIS n^OLE 




WHAT a curious animal wo have here! It is called the 
Mole. It certainly has no beauty to reconamend it, and 
its utility is also questioned. However, as every kind of 
animal has doubtless been created for some purpose, we will 
see if we cannot discover the object of its creation. 

The Mole is a burrowing animal par excellence. It has very 
short and strong legs terminated by long and powerful claws. 
Its body has the appearance of a cylindrical mass, terminating 
in a cone at one end. There is no trace of a neck; the head 
abrubtly succeeds the body without any depression. At the 
end of and underneath the head, which gradually terminates 
in a point, sustained by a particular bone, in which the 
nostrils are pierced, is situated the mouth. The nose i-s, at 
the same time, a boring instrument, destined to second the 
action of the creature's paws by a simultaneous effort. The 
cranium is very flat, elongated, and furnished with vigorous 
muscles. The entire body is covered by a fine, silky, thick, 
and short black hair. 

For a long time it was believed that the ^lole was destitute 
of vision. It was pretended that nature had refused to give 
eyes to this subterranean dweller because it did not require 
them. This error was exposed 
by Isidore Geoffroy Saint- 
Hilaire, who discovered in the 
Mole two black eyes, nearlj 
imperceptible it is true, and 
deeply hidden among the som 
bre fur — a circumstance which 
had misled other observers 
Certain anatomists, stubbornly 
clinging to their opinion, then 
pretended that the eyes ot 
the Mole were only rudimen 
tary organs, and quite unfit 
for vision. But ingenious 
experiments have demonstra 
ted that the !Mole possesses, 
to a certain degree, the sen'e 
of sight. This seiise, it is 
true, is exercised imperfecth 
but that it exists can no longer be doubted. 

The Mole possesses a very acute sense of hearing. Its 
organ of smell is also excellent. The mouth, ye-y widely 
cleft, is well furnished, containing not les.-, than forty-four 
teeth, distributed in eijual numbers in each jaw. Its tail is 
short, scantily-furnished, and it has ten teats beneath the 
abdomen. It passes its life below ground, occupied in making 
galleries, through which it runs with astonishing rapidity. 
Fertile, cultivated land is its favorite home. Wet or .'-tony 
regions do not suit it, as they prove an obstacle to its labor.s. 
Digging with head and paws, it r.ipiiily hoUdws out what is 
in every sense its domain. 

The Mole works at all seasons, exhibiting most energy in 
spring. During a great portion of the year it lives a solitary 
life, but in the months of March and July it seeks a mate. 

It always arranges a comfortable place for its young, and 
tends them with much solicitude. This nursery is situated 
in the most elevated part of its domain, and most freqiioiitly 
at the junction of .several galleries. The roof of this apart- 
ment is sustained by pillarjf at equal distancis from each 
other, and forms a large dome, the internal face of which has 
been well beaten, so as to make it resist the inliltration of 




water. The ground is covered by a thick layer of herbage 
and leaves; and here dwell the young creatures so long as 
they are incapable of seeking their own food. 

The food of the ]Mole is chiefly composed of insects and 
earth- woims; but it also eats snails, and even the dead bodies 
of small mammals and birds. It is likewise partial to frogs. 
The Mole is eminently carnivorous. Perhaps no animal is 
impelled by a greater desire to destroy and feast upon living 
prey. It first attacks the belly of its victim, plunges the 
whole of its head into the palpitating entrails, and gloats 
with rapture over its carnage. Take two Moles of the same 
sex, place them before each other in a room, and in a very 
short time the strongest will have devoured the weakest. 

Moles rarely come to the surface of the ground, except 
when changing their residence, or when seeking a mate. 

During the rainy period they take refuge in elevated places, 
but descend to the valleys when the dry weather arrives. 
Notwithstanding these precautions, they are at times sufi'erers 
from inudation. When the rivers overflow their banks, 
numbers may be seen flying from the flood and trying to 
reach ground that the waters will not cover. 

Now for the utility of the animal: Although Moles 
destroy an enormous quantity of larvaj and perfect insects, 

ihey are none the less looked 
upon as injurious to agricul- 
ture, because of the michief 
they commit in digging their 
galleries among cultivated 
plants. Although they do 
not feed on the roots of vege- 
tables, as has often been sup- 
posed, they cut them in mak- 
ing their passages. In addi- 
tion to this, when they arc 
preparing their nest, they 
seize the plants by the roots 
and gradually drag them 
underground, with the inten- 
tion of converting them into 
a bed for their young. 

After we'l considering the 
question, we may be led to see 
that the amount of good is greater than the evil, and that tho 
Mole ought to be classed in the category of animals which, if 
not useful, are at least inoffensive. 

It is necessary to say, however, that this opinion is far 
from being generally aceo|)ted, for there are men who specially 
dcvolo themselves to their destruction. The Mole-catcher 
is well acquainted with the habits of his game. \\"\t\\ 
experience he follows it through its galleries; he knows that 
such a hillock, higher than the others covers its nest, and 
that such another overhangs its seat. If exorcising his 
vocation ho arrives early in the morning, at the time when 
his prey is hard at work; he koe|>s it.s movements in view, 
and whenever he chances to see the soil upheaving, ho 
excavates rapidly with a spade behind tho animal, so as to 
cut off its retreat. JIo then digs down and is sure to liud the 
animal in the Mole-hill in process of formation. 

l''or ililtiiult occasions, the .M()le-cat<'hcr has traps of various 
kii.ds, wliicli he plac(>s in the most recently-made galleries. 

The flesh of the .Mole is not lit to eat; it exhales a repug- 
nant odor, and rapidly becomes putrid. Owing to the small 
hi/.e of it.s skin its fur cannot he of great utility. It is .said, 
however, that in the reign of Louis .W. the ladies of tho 




4=3 





44 



CTTJ'VEI^IIIjE iitstirtjotoi^ 




Court put it to an unheard-of use — narrow strips of Mole's 
skin were used by them for eyebrows when they fancied they 
were deficient in that respect. Almost every artifice is 
resorted to by fashionable ladies of our day to supply what 
they consider the defects of nature, but we have not heard 
of this plan yet. 

Moles inhabit the temperate regions of Europe, as well as 
many parts of America, but they are most numerous in 
Europe. Three species are known: the Common Mole, of 
which there are several varieties; the Blind Mole, so named 
in '■onsequence of its eyes being reduced to little openings 
which are no more visible than the point of a pin— it inhabits 
Itily; lastly, the Woogura Mole, a native of .Japan. 



im: issioisr. 



A. 



BY ELDER C. 







X the 4th day of April our young missionary found him- 
self in the large manufacturing city of L , Mass. 

There he found a small branch of the Church, eomnosed of 
a few Saints from England, who had come thus far on their 
way to Zion, and who were striving to obtain means to com 
plete their journey. He made his home among them for 
some weeks, and held meeting with them twice each Sabbath, 
besides one or more evening meetings during the week. 
These meeting.s were held in the house of one of the Saints, 
and were at first attended by some of the neighbors and 
friends of the Saints, as well as by the Saints themselves, but 
soon the interest died out in the minds of all except the 
Saints, and Elder C. saw that there was little prospect 
indeed of his being able to spread the work in that city. He 
had scattered a number of tracts among strangers whom he 
had met, and had exerted himself to arouse an interest in 
their minds in the gos[)e!, but had met with no encourage- 
ment. He had looked about with a view of finding some 
opening for public meetinss, but he had no money with which 
to hire a hall, and the few Siints there were too poor to 
afford it, and thus his way seemed hedged uji on every hand. 

At length he was beginning to feel much discouraged and 
downcast. Week after week hid pa?.sed with no baptisms or 
hopes of any, and the prospect was truly gloomy. Elder C. 
wondered if the fault lay with him, and at times half feared 
it did, and yet he did not know what to do to make an open- 
ing. At length, after sjiending much of the day in sorrowful 
meditation on his ill-succe.«s and discouraging circumstances, 
he retired to bed, fell asleep and dreamed. 

He seemed to b-? standing on one of the principal streets of 

I- ! in the immediate vicinity of the large factories, 

fine stores, and massive business blocks that were numerous 
ill that part of the citj'. As he .stood on the paved side- 
walk, he cast a swceiung glance over that part of the city 
that lay to his right, and as far as he could see, it was a mass 
offlame! Whole streets, lined with large buildings, elegant 
mansions, business blocks, stores, and tenement hou.ses, were 
melting into a .sea of fire. He looked again and beheld that 
the fire which was thus devouring that portion of the city, 
was being poured out upon it from heayen, and clouds of 
liquid fire seemed to overhang the city. J]lder C. then 
glanced toward some high buildings on his left, and close to 
him, and beheld that they were being shaken to pieces. 
Great cracks and fissures appeared in their walls. Their 




chimneys were tumbling to the earth. Their very foundations 
shook and swayed and reeled to and fro. The pavement on 
which he stood thjn seemed to be seized with throes and con- 
vulsions. It shook, swayed and heaved like a plank on a 
stormy wave. The lime of day seemed to be the afternoon, 
but the light of the sun seemed to be greatly dimmed, so much 
so that objects appeared as they do at dusk in the evening, 
though distinctly visible in outline. The sky, save over 
the portion of the city where the clouds of fire hung, was 
covered with patches of thick, black thunder clouds, from 
which rolled, every few seconds, terrific peals of thunder that 
seemed to shake all things on the earth's surface, and then to 
sink into low, muttering, rumbles, only to burst forth again 
in a few seconds, as terrifically as before. Between these 
clouds the stars could be plainly seen. Many of ibem were 
falling to the earth like untimely figs from a tree that 
is shaken by a mighty wind. Others seemed to be flying aim- 
lessly through space. 

But the most awful feature of this most awful occassion was 
the sound of a voice that could be heard above the noise of 
the hissing, crackling flames, of the falling buildings, and 
rumbling earthquakes, even above the sounds of those terrific 
peals of thunder, a voice like the roar of many waters, which 

could be heard saying: "0 ye inhabitants of L , why did 

ye not repent at the warning of my servants ! why did 
ye not repent! Behold, because that ye did not repent, the 
day of awful destruction is come upon you!" 

When Elder C. heard these words, the sound of which 
seemed to come from the clouds of fire, and to be so loud and 
terrible, he said to himself, "Why, here I am, a servant of 
God, sent forth to warn this people of the very things I now 
see, and before my mission is done, the day of destruction has 
come upon this city; but in the midst of all this disaster and 
calamity, I shall be preserved, for I am clothed with the gar- 
ment of a servant of God," and he thought of the garment 
given to him in a holy place, which he then wore. 

And then something seemed to say to him, "You were 
sent forth to warn this people of their coming destruction, 
but have you been faithful in doing so?" The query arou.scd 
a most awful apprehension in his mind, and he began to fear 
that he had not been as diligent as he ought to have been, 
and that possibly the blood of some of those destroyed might 
sometime be required at his hands, lor not having warned them. 
And then he thought of his labors and earnest efforts to get 
at the people and how earnestly he had sought an opening to 
preach to them, and how they would not listen, and as he 
stood in the midst of that terrible scene with that awful query 
in his mind he did not feel condemned before the Lord for 
past negligence, but the thought, together with the whole dream, 
.served him as a solemn warning to be faithful. The dream 
closed with these thoughts passing through his mind as 
he stood gazing on the terrible scene which surrounded him. 
From that time forward Elder G. resolved to be diligent 
and to spare no effort to get at the people, and many a time 
during his subsequent labors, when he was tempted to yield to 
discouragement and to cease his labors among a people who 
despi.sed the gospel, the thought of this dream stimulated 
him to renewed exertion. 

I To le Continued.') 



The broad earned by the sweat of the brow is thrice 
blessed, and it is far sweeter than the tasteless loaf of 
idleness. 





JTU^En^ILE IZ^STit/TJOTOI^. 



45 







BY DANIEL TYLER. 



IN our last we casually referred to Peter's preaching the 
doctrine of repentance and baptism for the remission of 
sins. He not only told them that if they would be baptized 
their sins should be forgiven, but promised them the gift of 
the Holy Ghost. 

Our devout Christian friends tell us that this was only 
promised to the Apostles, or, at most, to believers in that age 
of the world. Now, when they say that, they contradict Peter, 
for he said, "the promise is unto you, and to your children, 
and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God 
shall call." They had just passed the meridian of time, 
hence, the "last days" had commenced; and he told them 
that what they had witnessed was what the prophet Joel 
predicted should come to pass in the last days — that God 
would pour out His "spirit upon all flesh." He did not tell 
them (hat was the end of Joel's prophecy, but a meie begin- 
ning, to be continued to them and their children, and to those 
afar off, and finally to all whom the Lord should call. Call 
to what? Why, to the same that they were called to. To 
believe in the Lord Jesus Christ; repent and be baptized for 
the remission of theirsins, by those having the .'^ame authority; 
and they should have the same Koly Ghost, or Spirit of God, 
which Joel said should, during the period which should follow 
the meridian of time, called the la^t days, be poured out upon 
all flesh. Or, as Isaiah expresses it, "until the knowledge of 
God shall cover the earth as the waters cover the great deep." 

You will see, by reading the second chapter of Acts, that it 
was the diff'erent denominations of religious people of that 
day, who assembled on the day of Pentecost, whom Peter 
commanded to repent and be baptized, and promised the 
gift of the Holy Gho.st. Yes, they were "devout men out of 
every nation under heaven," yet they had to come in by the 
same door as the publicans and other sinners, or they could 
not get this Holy Ghost. Just the same as ministers at the 
present time and their flocks must come in by the same door, 
or they cannot get this heavenly gift; neither can they other- 
wise enter the kingdom of God, set up for the last time. 

This gift comes by the laying on of hands. Hence, when 
Paul found some who supposed they had been baptized unto 
John's baptism, but had never heard the doctrine that John 
taught about the Holv Ghost, he re-baptized and laid hands 
on them and they received that heavenly comforter, and spoke 
with tongues and prophesied. By reading the 8th chapter 
of the Acts of the Apostles, you will find that Philip went 
to Samaria and baptized all the Samaritans. When the 
brethren at Jerusalem heard of it, Peter and John were sent 
down, who, when they came, prayed that they might receive 
the Holy Ghost, which none of them had received, although 
the ordinance of bajitism had been attended to. Whether 
this Philip was the Apostle by that name, and, through so 
many apjilii-ations for baptism, had imt had time to eonfinii 
them, or whether he was a priest after the order of Aaron, 
and therefore unauthorized to administer in spiritual tilings, 
does not appear from the reading. T believe the latter, how- 
ever, is i-lie more generally received or)inion. After prayer, 
Peter and Jnhn oonfirnied, or laid hands on, them, and they 
received the Holy (iliost. 

There is an instance mentioned in the lOth chapter of the 
Acts where one devout man — a religious Gentile — received the 




Holy Ghost befoie being baptized. This chapter, however, 
explains itself. It shows the reason to be that, although 
Jesus had told the Apostles to preach the gospel to every 
creature, they had, nevertheless, supposed the Gentiles to be 
unworthy of it. Hence the Lord gave Peter a vision, wherein 
he was told to kill and eat animals which were called unclean, 
and forbidden by the law of Moses, which he (Peter) objected 
to, on the ground that he had never done the like, and did 
not think it right. This vision, which was repeated three 
timei, was to show him that all the nations of the earth were 
entitled to salvation if they performed the works required. 
Still, he could not fully understand it until he saw the Holy 
Ghost given to that Gentile, even as to himself and others on 
the day of Pentecost. Then, and not until then, did he say, 
"Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons: 
but in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteous- 
ness, is accepted of him." Tlie Jews thought the command 
only meant all nations who were of the seed of Abraham, 
but Jesus meant just what he said — "all nations." 

No sooner was the. great Apostle convinced that the Gen- 
tiles were entitled to salvation, than he commanded Cornelius 
and his household to be baptized, although they had received 
the Holy Ghost. 

I trust .vou will read the whole of the 10th chapter of the 
Acts of the Apostles. It makes the subject very plain, and 
shows how Peter, on his return, had to argue and explain 
before his Jewish brethr?n would te satisfied with his bap- 
tizing, and associating wit Ii, the Gentiles. After explaining 
everything to them, he closed with these emphatic words: 
"What was I, that I could withstand God?" 

An appeal to the great Jehovah settled the question, and 
the Christian Jews gave it up. All were now satisfied that 
it was right to baptize believing Gentiles, and this is why 
they received the Holy Gho?t before baptism — that the Jews 
might know that it was right to baptize them into the Church. 



STJI^I^ B J^ T H I 3sr C3- . 



BY R. G. L. 



SURF bathing was one of the great sports of the ancient 
Sandwich Islanders, or Hawaiians; but from all accounts, 
the present generation are not as skillful in this, one of the 
most daring sports, as the past generations were, though we 
have observed some clever performances, showing wonderful 
skill. 

This sport is indulged in by young and old. male and female, 
all mingling together in the foaming surf, .shouting and 
playing like so many water nymphs, and reminding one of 
the stories tolil by "old salts" of mermaids nf the sea, half 
man and half fish. The Kanakas conic as near answering the 
description of this mythical creature as any people I nm 
aware of, as they are so much at home in the water. The 
children can swin as soon as they can walk, and the mothers 
may be seen taking them on their backs into the water before 
they are able to walk, and instructing thcni in kicking and 
jiaddlioL', and thus (liry become aliiKi'^t as inin-li at liiniie in 
the water as im land. 

The surf bathers choose a place for their sport where the 
sea breaks over the reef a long way from shore, and where 
large breakers, borne shoreward, come roaring along at railroad 
rate. The bathers su|i|ily themselves with a board that is 
made for the purpose, from four to si.\ feet long, and from a 




^ 46 



CTTJ^EnsriLE IITSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




foot to sixteen inches in width. Of this board they are very 
careful, and prize it very highly, polishing it frequently with 
candle-nut or cocoa-nut oil. This board is carried out to sea 
in the hand of the bather, but instead of cresting the wave.s 
he goes under them, doing so very dextrously. Thus, in a 
very short space of time an experienced bather will reach the 
pl;:ce where the waves start. Here he counts the waves, 
every third one being larger than the two precieding it. 
On the crest of the largest wave he mounts, lying on the 
board, or if he be an expert and gets a good start, he will 
raise himself to a sitting and finally to a standing posture 
upon the board while he is being driven along at a rapid rate. 
Should the wave break before he reaches the rhore, he will 
dive back under the nest wave and return to the starting 
point. 

They do not seem to tire of this sport, though it is attended 
with considerable exertion and a great risk. I once attempted 
it, but had no desire to make a second trial, as my back and 
head were sore for many days in consequence of my being 
driven on the rocks. 

The Hawaiians are all expert swimmers and excellent divers, 
and are astonished to find that some of the whites cannot 
swim. 

With them, even small children will sometimes engage in 
surf-biihing and seemingly enjoy it as much as the older ones. 
They sometimes swim in the surf without the board by 
getting to Ihe front of the wave, so that the force of the 
water strikes against the body, thus carrying them on to the 
sandy beach. This latter style is nice sport, and is not 
attended vrith such great risk as the other. 

Another sport indulged in by these people is riding the 
surf in a canoe. This is done by running out with great care 
to where the breakers form, and then heading the canoe 
shoreward on the crest of a large wave, when it is carried 
with great rapidity to the beach. For this sport a landing 
place is selected where there is a good soft sandy beach, as it 
would be too expensive to allow their canoe to run on the 
rocks and be dashed to pieces. The craft must Ijc guided by 
a ste-idy hand, as a slight turn would upset it, or cause it to 
be swamped by a huge wave, which would not be plensant. 

This plan of cresting the waves is sometimes resorted to 
when a landing is desired from a ve.ssel and 'he surf is run- 
ning high, but it is sometimes attended with quite serious 
re^ults. It was so in the case of some Latter- day Saint 
mis>ionarios who were once landing at Lahaina, when Elder 
Loren/.o Snow narrowly escaped drowning. 

The .sea was very heavy when they attempted the landing, 
and the surf running high. The boat was laden with empty 
casks and on top of these the passengers were stowed. By 
some mi.>managcuient or bad steering the boat was thrown 
into a trough of the sea, struck by one of the huge waves 
and overturned, when all on board were thrown into the 



surging waves. 

The passengers included Elders L. 



Snow, E. T. Benson, 




W. \V. Cluff and A. L. Smith. All came to the .surface in a 
few moments but Bro. Snow; and succeded in laying hold of 
the overturned boat. The accident was .eecn from shore, and 
it was not long before boats from there put out to their 
assistance. The native pa.s.sengers were not in the least 
disconcerted at the accident, and immediately set to work 
gathering up the different .«mall articles of luggage. The 
missionaries, however, were more concerned about their 
missing and much respected companion, who had not been 
seen since the upsetting of the boat. When the beat from 



the shore reached them they were ad taken aboard, and the 
crew wished to go to the rescue of the captain, who was at 
some distance, being assisted by two natives. But the 
brethren prevailed i^n them to remain and search for Brother 
Snow. One of the natives proceeded to go around the over- 
turned boat, and in so doing discovered the body of the 
missinsr passenger, which, up to that time, as was afterwards 
supposed, had been under the craft. To all appearance life 
was extinct, as he had been in the water about twenty minutes. 
He was placed on the knees of his companions and taken to 
the shore, where every available means were used to restore 
life. Strangers thought it useless to try to do anything for 
him, but not so with his brethren. They continued their 
efforts, exercising all the faith they could, and were gratified 
to see the signs of returning life, in an.swer to their prayers. 
Thus his life was miraculously restored to aid in the work of 
the Lord, and as a testimony of the power of God, which 
the natives who witnessed the scene have not yet forgot- 
ten. 



A GREAT many people seem to have an idea that an 
editor's business is little more than a pleasant pastime; 
that no great amount of brains, intelligence or ability is 
requii'd to qualify him for the position; in fact, that almost 
anybody might be an editor. 

The Louisville Courier J', urnnl "takes off" the class of peo- 
ple entertaining such ideas with the following bit of irony: 

"An editor is the happiest being on earth. He has little or 
nothing to do, and his pay is all that heart could wish. His 
sanctum, with its Persian rugs and Tuikish carpets, its costly 
rosewood furniture, its niagiiificent mirrors, its beautiful pic- 
tures, its complete library of si)lended!y-bound books, its sil- 
ver bell to summon an attendant, and, in short, with its every- 
thing that human ingenuity can devise for his comfort and 
pleasure, is a perfect paradise where he sits or lounges and 
reigns a young lord, with the world of fashion and pleasure at 
his feet. And then anybody can be an editor--no study, no 
preparation, no brains, nothing but a little money to start 
with, and once started the money pours in upon you in a steady 
stream, and the chief labor of your wife is to spend it. As 
for the laborof editimx a newspaper, that is mere moonshine. 
A mere glance at the columns of a newspaper is enough to 
convince you that it re(iuircs no labor to edit it, and less brains. 
It is certainly a glorious life, that of an editor; alile of luxuri- 
ous ease and of elegant lei.sure — a life filled, like that of the 
young lover in his first dream of requited love, with flutes and 
rose leaves and moonbeams. That all men are not editors is 
one of the strangest things beneath tl;e stars. Tiue, there 
must be doctors and lawyers and merchants and shoemakers 
and peanut dealers and the like, and all these callings must be 
filled by somebody, but there are enough to fill them, and why 
thci' don't become editors and lead the life of opulent princes 
is a thing that staggers us. But after all, it may be that it is 
a mere matter of taste. It may be repugnant to some natures 
to become editors. The life of ea.sc and elegance and luxury, 
and exemptions from all care and toils and debts and duns, 
would soon become a bore to him, and he would spend his 
nights in dreaming of ploughs and p'tohforks and reaping 
machines, and niuander his days in devising some plan for 
swapping jdaces with a black.'-milh's apprentice or a street- 
car driver." 





a""cr^E]nsriXjE! iitsti^tjotoi?. 



47 




TO THE "WEST. 



Words i Music by E. Stephens. 



Andante Affetuoso. 



;f** 






P 



See a weary band of pilg-rimsTray'ling on their lonely 



T-»zii^-^z:.e-etz^-r-» 



^._ _ l___jSj_|_ 11. 




\\uv From their liap-py homes and 

"--- -^ -^ -^ 

-^-.-^ — 1 — -. 






-^--^ 



kindred — . 

■gi — I — I— P- » — I — *--*—» 



iMobs have driven them a 



way 



i-'*n 



Aged fathers, widow'd mothers, 






:[=: 



E^=^EJz[ 









-* -« 



- fj — —I — a - -» — * — 1» — ' ^— *- 



/ 



PP 



Kit. 



F2: 



=P^ 



Orphans,too, are in the throng. Marching to a far off de.=ert: Onward— liften ! hear their song. 

=1 — „ -1 — -.^ -l-w^-w-ia— la— P=-i=^H-| — t— '--t — t • —y — p g — : 



'^:% 



i£^ 



• 1^ • ^ 



Allegro Moderato. 






z^-'.w fc— 1>^ — I •-■-i^H — i&T 



^EpitnEf:^*^ 






:^=^- 






'^d:=*= 




U2 



1,'t it 2nd. March 
3rd. To the 



on 
Lord 



to the 
to the 



west, 
Lord 



Far A - 
We will 



way 
glad 



in the 

- ly 



west our home shall he; 
sing our soQ.g.5 of praise 



'Tis the 
For our 






^zi k 2nd. Onward march I 

3rd. To the Lord, 






march to the west, 
unto the Lord 



[n the 
We will 



we-t 
sing 



our 
our 



home shall be; 
songs of piaise. 



He will set His 
and praise Him 



(repeat /. ) 




1st A 2nd. 
::ird. 



'Tis 
For 



the will of 
our homes in 



the 

the 



Lord ofhosts:Tn the 
lovely we>t We will 



west He will set His 
thank and praise Hiui 




Now across the trackloss prairie, 

Still their journey they pursue; 
Now they see the Rocky inountuiua 

Looming in the distant blue. 
Farther still they travel onward 

In^tho bright sun s BcorchiiiK niys, 
Trusting in the Ood that guides thorn— 

Onward, singing all the day. 



In the valleys of the inounlains. 

Far from mobs and worldly strife, 
Now they live in peace and jdonty— 

]!lo8t with ov'ry gift of life. 
Israel's Ood liath seen their sorrows. 

And with STiiilen their zeal repays, 
Wliilo u liDfit of Zion's children 

With glad voices sing His praise. 





48 



J-TJ^EinsrilLiEl IITSTItTJOTOI?.. 




^0rrcs^0ntUnce. 



WiLLARD, Box Elder Co., 

February 13th, 1878. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother:— The members of the 
Willard Sabb.Uh school had their annual examination and 
exhibition on Friday and Saturday the 8th and 9th insl. 

The entertainment lasted two days, three meetings being held 
each day. During the time, eighteen choice Sabbath school 
songs and hymns of praise were sung by the school; twentj'-four 
classes were examined; about fifty recitations and twelve 
dialogues were delivered; and twelve songs and glees rendered 
by members of the school. 

The subjects on which the classes were examined were: "The 
Creation and Fall," "Eedemplion from the Fall," "First 
Principles of the Gospel," "Tlie Word of Wisdom," and "Th<) 
Dispensation of the Fullness of Times," from the Catechism; 
"The Exodus of the Israelites from Eg3'pt," from the Bible; 
"Christ's Sermon on the Mouni," and "The day of Pentecost," 
from the Xew Testament; "The Destruction of the Jared- 
ites," "History of the Children of Ammon," and "Incidents 
on this Continent during the Crucifixion of the Savior," from 
the Book of Mormon; the duties of officers and members of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and the Key to 
the Revelation of St. John from the Doctrine and Covenants; and 
the "Sunday Lessons for Little Learners" from thirty-six numbers 
ot the Juvenile l>STRUCTOR;aiso some "Questions about Utah" 
and on "Children's Duties," from some of theyoungestchildrcn. 

The answers to questions were given, and the pieces rendered 
in a most excellent and satisfactory manner, the testimonj- of 
the aged brethren being that they had never enjoyed an enter- 
tainment better in their lives. 

Elevated seats were erected for the children, and the room was 
tastefully decorated. At every meeting the room was densely 
crowded with old and young, anxious to witness the efforts of 
the juveniles. 

Supt. T. W. Brewerton and his assistants are ably assisted by 
an efficient corps of teachers, who labor faithfully and zealously 
in the interest of the young. 

The Sabbath school numbers about two hundred and twenty 
pupils. A great majority of all the j'oung people of Willard 
attend regularly, and some of the elder brethren and sisters 
take pleasure in mefling with them. 

I'rayi ig for the growth and prosperity of the Saints, I am 
Yours in the gospel of peace, 

James J. Chandler, Sec. 



STJiTID^^-Y IL, E S S O InT S. 
FOR LITILE LEARNERS. 



BISTORT OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON LXVIII. 



Q. — What did the City Council do in regard to the "Expos- 
itor?" 

A. —They declared it to be a nuisance, and ordered it to be 
stopped. 

Q. — How were their orders carried out? 

A.— The city marshal, with others, went to the office and threw 
the press, type and other things into the street and destroyed them. 

Q. — What effect did this proceeding have among the apostates? 

A. — It produced great excitement, made them very angry, and 
they threatened vengeance. 

Q. — What did Higbee, one of the apostates, do, shortly after? 

A. — He made complaint against Joseph and seventeen others 
before a justice of the peace, in Carthago. 

Q.— What kind of complaint did he mak e? 

A. — That they had destroyed the press and type of the "Exposi- 
tor." 




Q. — What court did they appear before to answer these com- 
plaints? 

A. — Before the Municipal Court in the city of Nauvoo. 

Q. — When the court had examined the witnesses on both sides, 
what was the decision? 

A. — That Joseph Smith had done right, and should be dis- 
charged, and that Higbee should pay the costs of suit. 

Q. — What happened after this? 

A.— Every effort was made to drive and kill the Saints, espec- 
ially the Prophet Joseph. 

Q. — Mention the name of one of the ringleaders of the mob? 

A. — Levi Williams, a Baptist preacher. 

Q. — Where did he and others like him commit acts of violence 
and murder upon the Saints^ 

A. — In the small settlements, where the Saints could not 
defend themselves. 

Q. — What was their intention as soon as the mob from Missouri 
came to their assistance? 

A. — To capture the prophet and destroy the city of Nauvoo. 

y.— When Joseph learned of their plans what did he do? 

A.— He had guards placed in and aronnd the city to protect it. 



^1 ^- *>■ 



sai^iP'TXJK.i^Xj eitig-im:^. 



WoERE did the Savior give His life, our lives from death to 

save? 
Where did the ark in safety rest, upborne by mighty wave? 
Where did impatient Israel chide, by thirst and drought as- 
sailed? 
Where did the Lord commend the faith, which o'er earth's love 

prevailed? 
Where were the curses of the law in Israel's ears proclaimed? 
Where grew the spreading cedars, in the temple's structure 
famed? 

Write these initial letters 

And tell the mountain's name; 
Prophets have suny its praises, 

A king declared its fame. 
Oft named in Scripture story; 

Near to the tidelcss sea; 
There God displayed His glory 

To shame iiolatry, 
A king had there his vineyards. 

Two prophets there abode: 
And a*, its base a river. 
An "ancient river," flowed. 



The answer to the Scriptural Enigma published in No. 2 is 
JERL'SALElf. The words forming the acrostic are: Jabesh 
(1 Chron. x. 12), Egypt (Gen. xli. -18), Ramah (1 Sam. xxv. 1), 
Vr (Gen. xi. 28-?.l), Sarepta (Luks iv. 20; 1 Kings xvii. 8-10), 
Ararat (Gen. viii. 4), Lystra (Acts xiv. 8-101, El ah (1 Sam. 
xvii. 10), Maon (1 Sam. xxiii. li, 25 ) 

We have received many solutions correct in the main, but 
only one strictly correct, which was from J. H. Watkins, Ogden. 

CTTjrVEiTII-iE IISrSTI^TJOTOK/ 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

0\ THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. ------ EDITOR. 

TEEMS IN ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Tern Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

.^S-Office, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 




