
:B''lL,irXl<TG- (OrJJTiyl^rj^T^lDS. 




HERE we have 
our young r 
aod to them it 
will sound 
almost too 
strange to be- 
lieve. And if 
a person were 
to tell them of 
such a thing as 
a fish leaving 
the water and 
flying through 
the air, and 
often alighting 
on decks of 
ships, they 
would consider 
it an attempt to 
mpose upon 
their credulity. 
But ifthey were 
inclined to 
doubt the ex- 
istence of the 
flying fish, what 
would they 
think if we 
were to tell 
them about the 
"flying cat" or 
"flying fox," 
the "flying 
opossum" and 
the "flying 
squirrel?" All 
these are ani- 
ijialsthat really 
exist, and we 
shall probably 
tell our readers 
about them on 
some future 
occasion; but 
the pre-cnt 



a cur 
eader 



io-sity in nature ! Flying fish ! Some of 
s may never have heard of such things, 




we merely want to say something about flying fish — more 
particularly that class of flying fish of which we here have a 

picture — the 
"Flying Gur- 
nards. ' ' 

The Flying 
Gurnards re 
present one of 
two families of 
the finny tribe 
that possess 
the peculiar 
faculty of be- 
ing able, by 
the use of their 
large fins, which 
serve the pur- 
pose ef wings 
also, to sustain 
themselves in 
the air a suf- 
ficient time to 
ascend to a 
considerable 
bight and fly 
to a distance 
varying in dif- 
ferent species 
from forty to 
two liundrcd 
yards or even 
farther. These 
fishes are ibund 
generally in the 
tropical seas, 
where theii' 
flight is said to 
be one of the 
nu);t interest- 
ing ani pleas- 
ing spectacles 
there found to 
relieve the 
monotony of a 
v oyage. 





S4:S 



J- TJ "V" E HSr I L E IZ^STIS/TJOTOI^, 




One species of the Gurnard, which is very conimon in the 
Mediterranean, and which is about fifteen inches in length, is 
especially notieeahle on the approach of rough weather, at 
night, when numbers of them may be seen flying through the 
air by the phosphoric light which they emit, and which makes 
them appear when flying almost like arched streams of fire. 

It frequently happens that the larger sea birds prey upon 
these fishes during their flights; and it is said also that they 
are often pursued and overtaken by the cyrophene, or dolphin, 
the latter even taking great leaps out of the water to secure 
its prey. I'robably from this cause the flying fishes have been 
regarded by many as the most persecuted of all creatures, 
being exposed to dangers both when in the .sea and in the air. 

There is a difference of opinion among writers in regard to 
the manner in which these fishes fly, some claiming that they 
use their pei-toral, or side, fins as wings, and others that they 
do not, but that they merelj' serve the purpose of parachutes, 
or kites to sustain their bodies when up in the air. Although 
they sometimes ascend as high as twenty feet in the air and 
otten fall on the decks of ships, they more frer(uentlv skim 
along near the surface of the water. 

The natives of the South Sea Islands are in the habit of 
catching these fish in nets attached to light poles. To do so 
they go out in canoes with torches, which either dazzle or 
attract the fish so they can secure them. They are generally 
considered very palatable. 



l^iooraijhti. 



jossp'h: sis/cith:, the 




( Continued. ) 

DTRiNw the journey to Zion, the brethren of the Camp 
often came in contact with snakes, many of which were 
of a poisonous character. Joseph instructed them not to 
kill a .serpent, bird or animal of any kind dur ng the journey, 
unless it were nece.ssary to preserve themselves from liunger. 
On one occasion some of the brethren, while pitching Joseph's 
tent, saw three rattle.'-nakes, and were about to kill them; but 
Josejih told them to let them alone, and not to hurt them. 
lie then proceeded to explain to them what was right under 
the circumstances. lie asked them, how the serpent would 
ever lose its venom while the servants of God possessed the 
same disposition, and made war upon serpents whenever they 
saw them. "Men," said he, '"must fir.st become harmless 
themselves, before thej' can expect the brute creation to be so. 
When men lose their vicious dispositions and cease to destroy 
the animal race, the lion and the lamb can dwell together, 
and the sucking child play with the serpent with safety." 

How much wisdom there was in such teaching! Yet men 
do not think of it. How conimon it is for men to take the 
lives of snakes, birds and animals for sjxjrti Some men and 
boys kill everj' snake and bird they can reach. Some little 
boys and girls will catch flies and other little insects and pull 
off their wings and otherwi.se torment them. If they can get 
hold of a cat or dog, they never .seem to be eiisy unless they 
are teasing and hurting it. Now, children, .such conduct is 
verj' wrong. The Lord is not plea.scd with it. It is cruel to 
take life unnecessarily, or to hurt anything that has life. 
Just think how you would feel if a strong man were to take 



hold of you, and pull your hair, pinch your ears, tweak your 
nose and kick and cufl" you around without pity! You would 
bawl lusiily for help, and think him a very cruel man If 
insects and animals could speak, when you hurt or try to kill 
them, they would also call you cruel and tyrannical. 

One day a brother in the Camp, by the name of Solomon 
Humphrey, who was older than most of the brethren, became 
very tired through traveling, and lay down on the prairie to 
rest. He soon fell asleep. At the time he dropped asleep he 
had his hat in his hand. When he awoke, he saw a rattle- 
snake coiled up between his hat and himself, and not more 
than a foot from his head. Just at this moment some of the 
brethren came up, and gathered around him, saying: "it is a 
rattlesnake, let us kill it;" but Brother Humphrey said: "No. 
I'll protect him; you .shan't hurt him, for he and I have had 
a good nap togethe'." The snake had not hurt him, and 
why should he kill the snake? Do you not think it was bett«r 
for him to let it live than to kill it? 

When the Camp was in the vicinity of the Illinois river 
they discovered a high mound, on the top of which they 
found some stones which presented the appearance of three 
altars, one above another, according to the ancient pattern. 
They dug into the mound, and at about one foot beneath the 
surface, they came to the skeleton of a man. Between the ribs 
they found the stone point of a Lamanitish arrow, which had 
evidently produced his death. While contemplating this 
scene Joseph had the vision of the past opened to his under- 
standing by the Spirit of the Almi.ahty. He discovered that 
the person whose skeleton they had seen was a white Laman- 
ite — a large, thick-set man, and a man of God. His name 
was Zelph, and he was a warrior and chieftain under the 
great prophet Onandagus, who was known from the Eastern 
Sea to the Eooky Mountain.s. The curse which came upon 
the Lamanites through the transgression of their fathers, wa,s 
taken, or at lea.st in part, from Zelph. One of his thigh 
bones had been broken in battle, by a stone from a sling, 
some years before his death. How much more satisfaction 
there is in having a few items from the Lord than there would 
be in a thousand speculations of men on such a subject! 
Joseph and the brethren had the history of this man given to 
them by revelation, and they were not left to conjecture and 
doiibt. 

Not more than half a day's journey from this place, Joseph 
got up on a wagon wheel, and called the people of the Camp 
together. He had been led before to warn them, and he was 
again directed to prophesy unto them. After giving them 
much good advice, and exhorting them to faithfulness and 
humility, he told the brethren that the Lord had revealed to 
him that a scourge would come upon the Camp. This would 
be in consequence of the fractious and unruly spirits that 
appeared among them. Still, if they would repent and 
humble themselves before the Ijord, he said, the scourge 
might, in a great measure, be turned away; but as the Lord 
lived, he said, the Camp would have to .suffer for giving way 
to their unruly tempers. You will see, children, as we proceed 
with this Biography, that the Lord fulfilled His word through 
Joseph to the very letter. 

We will relate one incident, which, though not very 
important, will siiow our little readers the nature of the feel- 
ings of .some of the men in Camp. On one occasion the 
Commi.ssary of the Camp purcha.sed twenty-five gallons of 
honey and a dozen ham.s. The hams were cured after the 
Western fashion. There not being enough of them to supply 
the diflTcrent companies in the Camp with a ham apiece 





TTJ^EDtTHLiEi IltTSTie/TJCTOI?. 



243 




Joseph's company agreed to do without any. Having no 
flour, he and his company made their supper on mush and 
honey. But, in their tired condition, that food scaroelj' 
satisfied their hunger. Just as they had finished eating, some 
six of the hams were brought to the tent door, and were 
thrown down in ange •. The persons who brought them said: 
"we don't want to eat dirty, stinking meat." Joseph had 
the ham cooked, and he and his company found it quite sweet, 
and they had an excellent feast. 

Do any of our readers ever indulge in a spirit of this kind? 
When their mothers give them some kind of food, which 
does not exactly suit them, do they ever pout and refuse to 
eat it, and feel like throwing it on the floor? If you do, it is 
very wrong; but that is the way those men felt. How a.sham- 
ed they ought to have been when they learned that Joseph 
ate the meat they threw away. 

I To be Continued.') 



% ^ri^J to ^ttii ^^ntt|J0jle^^. 



CHAPTER XXI. 



BY HUGH KNOUGH. 



llTir young friends who started with me on a "Tiip to our 
liL Antipodes," must forgive me for leaving them in the 
cold, as it were, soon after our arrival in New Zealand; but 
the fact is, I found it difiieult to continue in a colloquial st.yle 
when I had to describe in detail the physical and political 
conditions of a country. I could have taken you on a trip 
through the country and shown and described to you some of 
the prominent sights and curiosities, but as my humble aim is 
to instruct as well as to amuse, and, wishing to give a reliable 
description of New Zealand — about which I have been ajked 
so many questions, I resolved to begin at the beginning and 
give a full and detailed account of it. If I have imparted 
any information and, perhaps, amused you a little, I have my 
full reward. I am pleased to say that I have received letters 
from New Zealand (not from pt-rsons in the Church) compli- 
menting my efforts in giving a fair and reliable description of 
that country, and expressing admiration at our interesting 
and spicy paper, the "Mormon" Juvenile In.structor; for 
I must tell you that copies are sent regularly to that far off 
country. 

Now, if my young friends will forgive me for the past, and 
will tit around the cabin table— for we are on board ship once 
again and will .soon continue our voyage to Australia — I will 
give you a few stray extracts from my journal, just as a parting 
remembrance of beautiful New Zealand. 

Well, boys and girls, then to start with, here are my feelings 
and impressions on fir.st landing in the country. It was at 
the port of Lyttletou, in the Middle Island, where I landed, 
after a voyage of over one hundred days from England. 

I do not remember the exact date of my arrival in Now 
Zealand, hut it was near the end of July, 1809, in the depth 
of winter. The winter I foiuid su|)erior to the finest summer 
day in England. The invigorating breeze waiting fioui far 
off' the .sea, the sun shining gloriou.>ly, the evergreen vegeta- 
tion in wonderlul luxuriance and the green hills ri.-irig to 
majestic mountains in the distance— made me feel as if I bad 
landed in an earthly paradi.-c. 




Early on the morning after my arrival, I made my way up 
the Bridle Track over the Port Hills which wall Lyttleton in 
on three sides to the hight of some fifteen hundred feet. 1 
was very willing to pull up and rest very often, for the road 
was dreadfully rough and stee]), and not yet having gained 
my land legs, and having been cramped up on board ship for 
more than one hundred days, I was nearly exhausted before I 
reached the .summit; but on reaching it all fatigue, aches and 
pains were forgotten in a moment, for one of the grandest 
.sights I ever beheld or imagined met my view. At my feet 
lay an immense plain extending farther than the eye could 
reach, which appeared like a beautiful carpet of various 
colors, caused by alternate patches of bright green oats, 
stubble, ploughed and pasture land. In the foreground were 
numerous farm houses, bright and clean, with their granaries, 
orchards and avenues of evergreen trees, and, winding through 
the farms were two beautiful silver threads of water gleaming 
in the suns' rays, and on the smooth bosom.-^ of which miniature 
crafts were sailing. In the distance could be discovered the 
outlines of the city of Christcburch, some eight miles distant, 
and away, far away in the background ro.se a chain of mighty 
snow capjied mountains. Above was a canopy of clear dark 
blue — an Italian sky in perfection. 

I sat for awhile to take breath and to contemplate in detail 
this beautiful living picture. At length I started down the 
Christchurch side of the hill, and I soon found out that I was 
going down much more quickly than Icanie up the ether . i le; in 
fact, although I started at a .steidy walk, that walk soon 
increased into a trr t, and fio:n that into a run, and at last my 
legs were stretclcl out as if I had the iabled seven leagued 
boots on, and there was no stopjung me, for steam was uji, and 
when arriving near the foot of the u:o tntain I steeied for an 
open cottage door lying before me, and ^ 1 ;verly entered therein, 
I vas at last brought up standing, finding myself nearly .shaken 
to iiieces, and unable to utter a word for some little time. The 
owner of the cottage kindly furnished me with refrdshments, 
free of cost, and after a rest and thanking my host, I started 
along the Heathcote ^'alley, crossing the ferry and gaining the 
high road to Christchurch, where I arrived about noon. 

The city of Christchurch is situated on level ground, having 
two small rivers running through it, the Heathcote and the 
Avon. The former is navigable fur .small craft nearly to the 
center of the town, but the Avon is .so choked up with water- 
cr-ess. that the city authorities are compelled to constantly 
employ a gang of men to keep clear a passage for boats. The 
city is most admirably laid out, with fine broad streets cro.ssing 
at right angles, set out with shade trees, and altogether has a 
striking resemblance to Salt Lake City. Many of the streets 
were merely mar-ked out, not drained or metaled. Sorue fine 
public and private buildings were cr-ected, and others being 
built, and many beautiful gardens and young orclcirds were 
beginning to make a show. 

What a difference there is between this hand.somc city of 
Christchuich as it is at the present and what it was then! To 
get an idea, ask the old folks to deseribe Salt Lake City, as it 
was twenty years ago. and coiujiave their de-criptioii with its 
present appcarani:e. 

1 made inquiry in the city for Mr. llcstoll, the govori:ment 
in.spoctor of .■schools, for this gentleman I had known in Eng- 
land. I was soon directed to his lnm.se, which I found to be 
about a mile from the city, and he being at homo, after- greet- 
ings, I handed my teacher'.s indenture.^ and ship's certificate, 
and he promised lo attend to me ne.\t day. He pressed me to 
stay with him, and I must .say that he and his family treated 




:r 




Si4 



jTJ'^E:srirjE ihststi^tjotot^. 




me like a prin- e. Next day he went and introduced me to the 
government officials, and T was at once offered a position — 
that was, to establish a government school at a town just laid 
out, called Titaaru, 112 miles south from Christchureh. There 
was no road to it, so I must go by water. A ship-load of 
immigrants had lately been landed there. There were two 
townships adjoining each other, the government township, and 
one laid out and owned by a Mr. Rhodes. The immigrants 
had taken lots on the latter one, as the owner had offered 
great inducements. I .should have to find the best place I 
could get to hold school in, until a proper building could be 
built. Books and utensils, the government would furni.-h me. 
and pay me a salary of two hundred pounds a year, in (|uar- 
terly instalments, and, if I wi.shed, I could hold evening 
classes, or do anything else in my leisure hours. Ilou.'^e rent 
was to be free, school to be held five hours a day, during five 
days a week, with two months holidays during the year. 

Would I accept? I replied that I would tie most pleased to 
accept the honorable, flattering and lucrative position, as a 
government employe; that its great advantages I could fully 
appreciate, and that it would always be my aim, etc.; in other 
words, "'I took the bi'let." 



M-'-^ M 



Weaves 4From a 1|og IRooK. 



BY G. M. O. 



iConfmued.) 




THE CONTRABANDIST. 

"OflTOSlNO their leader killed, the smugglers made no fur- 
O ther resistance. Indeed, before 1 had regained my feet, 
Captain Edwards and his crew had taken possession of the brig, 
disarmed the crew and secured them between decks. Though 
the action lasted not more than twenty minutes, both crews 
suffered severely, the smugglers losing ten killed and seven- 
teen wounded, while of our own crew three were killed and 
eleven wounded. The captain of the Bonita revived shortly 
after the surrender of his ves.sel. The ball from my pistol, 
glancing upwards, had merely hit him with force sufficient to 
knock him sen.-^eless for a few minutes. I doubt whether 
Captain Edwards had taken his eyes off the wounded smug- 
gler during his insensibility, and when he did revive, I noticed 
ii was with a most peculiar smile on his countenance that he 
ordered him bound, hand and foot. That something unusual 
was going to occur, I wa.s fully convinced, not only by the 
singular look and determined manner of Captain Edwards, 
who, a-s I say, never turned his ej'cs from the prisoner, but 
seemed to gaze on him with a sort cf fiendi.sh delight that 
made me shudder, but the men were reeving a rope through 
a block on deck that plainly indicated what was in preparation. 
After binding the smuggler they seated him on one of the 
carronades. He did not utter a word or make the slightest 
resistance to the operation. He was really a tine looking 
fellow, with (juite a hand.-ome countenance. A slight trace 
iif sensuality and the scar from my |iintol shot were all that 
marred its beauty. His black hair, clotted with blood, hung 
ill disordered locks over his face, which was as pale and as 
rigid M marble, while his dark eyes gleamed like two living 
coals with the fire of enmity and defiance as he returned the 
basilisk like stare of Captain Edwards. In a word, it was 



evident that two life-long enemies had met after years of 
separation, and the recognition was mutual. One was the 
victor triuiu|ihant, the other the prisoner dcfiiint. The lower 
studding sail halyards of the brig were belayed near the car- 
ronado, the sailors stood in line holding the end of the rope 
just rove through the block on deck, and Captain Edwards, 
taking the other end of the rope, and never moving his eyes 
from his prisoner, deliberately formed a noose by making a 
peculiar kind ot a knot, known by seamen as the "hangman's 
knot.' When he had finished it he held it up before the 
smuggler, and in a cold, determined tone spoke to him, saying: 

" 'Carlos i-'eaz, rascal, thief and muraerer, I allow you five 
minutes to live!' Then he slipped the noose over the man's 
head. His words and act'on had no more effect upon the 
prisoner than upon the gun he was sitting on. His dark eyes 
only gloweil the fiercer, and his lips wore set the more firmly, 
^'illain that I believed he was, I could not but admire his 
firmness, and, on the impulse of the moment, I determined, 
at the risk of gaining Captain Edwards' displeasure, on inter- 
ceding in his behalf for a longer time than the few short 
moments allowed, that he might prepare for that eternity into 
which they were about to launch him. Stepping forward, I 
respectfully addressed our commander in these words: 

"'Captain Edwards, I am to you almost a stranger, yet 
sufficiently acriuainted to honor, respect and admire you ae a 
man and an officer; yet, as an employe of the government that 
we both serve, I mu.st protest again.st this hasty execution. 
I am well aware of your authority and the discretionary 
power vested in you as commander here, yet you know — excuse 
me for saying it — .hat you are going beyond the line of your 
duty when you execute a man, no matter how great his crimes 
are, before he has been tried, proven guilty and condemned 
before a proper tribunal. I ask you to spare this man's Kfe, 
let him be .securely guarded, deliver him to the proper author- 
ities and let them deal with him as his crimes deserve; and in 
the interval I hope the prisoner will, by prayer and repentance, 
prepare himself that his spirit may go into the Maker's pres- 
ence blessed and forgiven.' 

"I could not see the slightest show of gratitude in the 
smuggler's face. I could not detect the lea.«t movement of 
Captain Edwards' eye as he answered me: 'I know the limit of 
my authority. I know that according to the laws of the gov- 
ernment we serve I overstep the line. I also know this man 
to be a murderer; and though I should swing for it five min- 
utes after, he shall hang as I have ordered. As for his repent- 
ance, let me say that true repentance is restoration. He has 
taken a life; can he restore it? Can all his prayers and repents 
ant tears wash the fact from his memory and mine? Never! 
He has taken a life, the life of one so pure and holy, compared 
with himself, that his own base life can not atone for it. No, 
he shall swing for it, and take his time for prayer and repent- 
ance in eternity.' 

" 'Then, sir,' I replied, 'let me ask a respite for this man, 
as a personal favor. But a few minutes past I risked my own 
life to save your,s. But for my timely interference your spirit 
would now be in that eternitv for prayer and repentance. 
Cancel the obligation, sir, by allowing him a few — at least one 
short hour to live and make his peace with God.' 

"He waved me aside with his hand, saying, 'He must make 
that peace face to face with and in the presence of the God he 
has outraged.' 

"There was no trace or sign ot remorse or fear, nor gratitude 
towards me, to he seen in the stony face of the smuggler. 
There was not the least show of pity, forgiveness or mercy 




;^^- 




J'TJ'VElsriljE! I3SrSTI^TJCa?OI?. 



S4:5 




the stern countenance of Captain Edwards. Scarcely opening 
his lips, he asked, 'Are you ready?' and the men holding the 
rope answered "All ready, sir.' 

"Then, drawing from his bosom a silk handkerchief, that 
had once been white, with a border of blue, curious in design, 
l>ut now old and faded. Captain Edwards held it opened in 
his hands before the smuggler's face. 

"Then, and then only, did that face change for one moment. 
The blood seemed to rush from his heart and dye his livid 
visage scarlet. 'Florence, Florence!' he gasped. The words 
seemed to be the outpouring of his soul, convulsing his whole 
frame in gaining utterance. And then his face became more 
livid than before. 

"'Ah! Florence!' vehemently repeated the captain. 'With 
this, the only earthly memento of her, before your eyes, go 
into her angelic presence, and be adjudged by God.' Waving 
his hand, the men at the rope walked aft, and the body of the 
.smuggler went swinging and whirling through the air. 

"I turned, and resting my head on the fife rail, .silently 
offered up a prayer for the departing spirit. How long I 
remained in this po.sition I know not; it seemed an age. When 
I did look look up I .saw the body of the smuggler hanging at 
the fore yard arm of the brig, and Captain Edwards still 
standing by the carronade, his arms extended towards the 
corpse, and holding in his hands by the corners the white and 
blue handkerchief. Turning from the scene, I hastily crossed, 
by means of the wrecked spars that entangled the vessels, to 
the schooner, where, entering the cabin, I determined to 
remain until the last sad ceremonies due the dead had been 
performed. I walked the cabin deck for an hour, revolvim; in 
my mind every incident that had tran.spired during the morn- 
ing. In fact, since I had come on board the schooner the 
interest that Captain Edwards had created in my mind to 
fathom the mystery that enshrouded him like a pall was now 
doubly increased bo the transactions of the morning— by the 
capture and precipitate execution of the smuggler captain, 
which furnished a key only to some by-gone incident that had 
embittered the life of one at least of the actors. 

"It was not until after the dead had been consigned to the 
sea, the wounded cared for, the wreck cleared from the vessels 
and their course laid in shore, the schooner towing the brig, 
that our captain entered the cabin. His countenance had 
assumed that calm look of the day before, with a slight trace, 
I fancied, of a self satisfied smile lingering around the mouth. 
Going to a locker, he produced a bottJe of wine, which, with 
glasses, he placed on the table. He motioned to me to take 
a seat, which I mechanically did. Seating him.self, he filled 
the goblets. In .silence we drank the contents, then, pau.sing 
fora moment, a.s if to control his feelings, he thus addressed me: 
" 'Senor Morales, this morning you saved my life. The 
obligation I owe you I feel but cannot expres.s. My refusal to 
grant your request a few hours ago may seem to you ingrati- 
tude on my part, but I a.ssure you that had it been any other 
man than the villain hung I would not have refu.-;ed. I know 
that I have tran.sgres.sed the law by this summary execution, 
and must suffer the penalty of a dismissal from the service, 
for which I do not care; I owe the country nothing. But to 
you I feel it a right and a duty to acquaint you with the cir- 
cumstances that have prompted me in committing this .seem- 
ingly heartlesfl action.' 

"Refreshing himself again with a glass oC the wine, and 
again pausing to control his smothered emotions, he com- 
menced in a firm and easy tone the following narrative; 
iTQbe Continued.) 




^lustion^ and ^nsirer^ 

onsr THE 
book: of nyi: o k. ns/T o nsr . 



LESSOS CXVI. 

Q. — When did Amos die? 

A. — In the year od-'j. 

Q.— Who then kept the record? 

A. — Hie brother Ainuiaroii. 

Q. — What WHS the condition of the people at that time? 

A. — All the people had became wicked. 

Q. — In consequence of this, what was Aramaron commanded 
to do in the year :!20? 

A. — To hide up all the records which had been handed down 
from generation to generation. 

Q. — How old WHS Mormon at this time? 

A. — About ten years of age. 

Q. — When ho should arrive at the age of twonty-fivc, what 
did Ammaron desire him to do? 

A. — To go to a certain hill, where he would find the saerod 
records. 

Q. — What was he to do with them? 

A. — He was commanded to take only the plates of Nephi and 
on them to write what he had observed among the people. 

Q. — What was the name of this hill? 

A.— Shim; it was situated in the land of Autum. 

Q- — When Mormon was eleven years old, where did his father's 
family remove to? 

A.— To the land of Z«rahemla. 

Q. — What occurred during the same year? 

A. — A war began between the Nophitcs and Lamanites. 

Q. — Which party was successful? 

A.— The Nephites? 

Q. — What did ihe Lamanites do? 

A.— Tliey "withdrew their design, and tht re wa'^ peace settled 
in the land." 

03Sr THE BIBLE. 



Q.— What did David do when Saul entered the cave? 

A— He arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe. 

Q.— How did David feel after he had done this? 

A. — His heart smote him. 

Q. — What did he say to his men? 

A.— "The Lord forbid that I should do this thing unto my 
master, the Lord's anointed, to stretch forth mine hand against 
him, seeing he is the anointed of the Lord." 

Q.— What did David do after he had thus spoken? 

A.— He "stayed his servants with these words, and suffered 
them not to rise against Saul." 

Q.— What did Saul do? 

A.— He rose up out of the cavo, and went liis way. 

Q.— What then did David do? 

A.— He also arose and went out of the cave and cried after 
Saul, saying, "My lord the kinjf." 

Q.— When Saul looked behind him, what did David do? 

A.— He stoooped with his face to the earth, and bowed himself. 

Q.— After Diivi.l had explained to Saul what bad transpired, 
and e.xin-es.sed his feelings, what did he say? 

A — "The Lord therefore bo .judgo, and judge between me 
and thee, and see, and plead inv cause, and deliver me out of 
thine hand." 

Q. — What d'd Saul say when David had made an end of speak- 
ing? 

A.— "la this thy voice, my son David?" and Saul lifted up his 
voice and wc|)t. 

Q.— What further did Saul say to David? 

A. — "Tliou art more righteous than 1: for thou hast rewarded 
mu good, wherea.i I have rewarded thee evil." 





S34: 



J"TJ^EnsriILiE IIsTSTI^TJOTOie.. 




^Iii; Jlutcuilc lln.^trucfor. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 


------ EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


NOVEMBER 1, isTC, 



EIDITOI?.!^!., THIOTJGIiTS. 





HY sliould good luanueis, like fine clothes, 
be used for special occasions and for 
strangers? Why should a young man be 
n rude and unmannerly in speaking to or 
J^^p^ i/vyr^VW answering his sister? Why should a 
J'^'vJS.jJL^-'^QX yuiig woman speak snappislil> and un- 
kindly to her brother? Or. why should 
young men and young women rejily to their 
parents, especially to their mothers, with 
incivility and disrespect? Is this thciustora 
in some hou-ieholds? Certainly it is. There 
are young men who at home are bcari>ri, rude 
and disagreeable to their mothers and sisters, 
but who when they go a courting, or into the 
^^. society of ladies, not of their own family, are the 
'^^^li ^'^^^' ^'"^ '^^ courtesy and are sweet, amiable and 
'JSf^^K obliging. Young ladies, too, whose voices are sharp 
«'j and cutting, and who can snarl and scold at their 

mothers and brothers and sisters at home, when receiving 
visits from their beaux can speak dulcet words and be all 
smiles and pleasantness. So if they go away from home on a 
visit, a per,*on unacquainted with them, in witne.ssing their 
deportment, would have no outward leasnii to suspect that 
tho>c agreeable manners were only visiting manners, put on, 
like the tine clothes they wear, only for the occasion. Why 
should crns.« looks, ill-natured temper and bitter manners be 
kept for home u<e, and honied and polite language, agreeable 
deportment and pleas'inf smiles be reserved for visitors or 
visits away frmn home? Whv --hnnld yo'inir people be kind 
and polite to the parents and brothers and sisters of their 
friends, whose homes they vi«it, and be unkind and imiiolife 
to their own parent^ and brothers and sister.^? 

There are .-ome husbands who have polite and excellent 
leaiincrs in speaking to ladies who are not their wives, but who 
exhibit no courtesy to their wives. And who that has mingled 
much in society has not frequently imtiied the change of voice, 
of manner and of expression upon the part of some wives 
when they turn their .attention from their husbands to speak 
to other gentlemen? Their countenances, in speaking to their 
hu.sbands. are frequently cross, and scowling, their voices sharp 
and rasping; bnt if other gentlemen happen to come in, what 
a change Uikes place! Tiieir faces assume a pleasant expres- 
sion, they are soon wreathed in smiles, ard their voices undergo 
a complete change, their tones become gentle and winning and 
their whole manner becomes fa.scinating. Such men and suih 
Women liave, m(Ht likely, carried these manners with them 
from the ho-jes of their parent*. 

Why should ycjung people think that old clothes, shabby 
dres-ses, ill temper, .-elli>hnes- and bad manners are good 
enough for home? And why should they think that all these 
must fje left at home when they go to a ball, go a courting, or 
into society, and that nothing is too pretty or good to wear, 
nothing tofi ••weet to say, and no politenfss toiiinal upon such 
a^ion~? 



We say to the JfVENii.ES of these mountains, cultivate 
domestic courtesy. Boys, be as courteous to your niotiicrs, 
be as gallant and polite to your sisters, as it is possible to be. 
Do not carry your graces and fine manners and polite atten- 
tions away from your own dear relatives to lavish them upon 
others. Girls, be as sweet and amiable to your parents, be as 
gentle and refined to your brothers, as you would be to the 
gentlemen whom you might meet in the best society. Never 
forget that you should be ladies, and that you cannot put on 
true politeness as you do fine clothes. If your manners are 
worn only for the occasion, your true character will be sure to 
come to the surface — you cannot conceal it. 

There is no true happiness in a house where love does not 
reign. True love does not exist without respect. It shows 
itself in word and action — in the kind tone, the courteous 
c )nsideration, the polite attention. Its fruits are not surly, 
cross humors, abruj)! and cutting language or crabbed, harsh 
manners. A true, loving nature is kind, polite and considerat*. 
No one has a right to take his illhumor, his peevishness and 
wretched moods into the midst of loving friend.s. The boy 
who does so to his mother and sisters must reform in this 
respect, or when he gets a home of his own he will make it 
wrotched for his family. If a young lady expects a visit 
from her lover, .she smoothes her hair, i)uts on her nice dress, 
wears her sunniest smile and gives sweetness to her voice. 
The house is made as tidy as possible, and he is made to feel 
how warm and cosy it is. If he should conclude that she 
always appeared and acted thus, how fascinated he would be! 
He would picture to himself a home with tier in it in which 
everything would smile and be warm and sunny. And why 
should it not be? Why should a young lady not carry with 
her such manners and deportment in all the relations of life? 
Why should a young man wear politeness when courting and 
mingling in society which he does not wear at home? Why 
should men and women deceive each other in this respect? 
Be assured, boys and girls, that to make each other truly 
happy you mu>t be loving, kind, polite and courteous at home. 
There is the place to cultivate and exhibit these sweet graces. 
It is not flowing, shining hair, graceful dress, blooming cheeks 
and beaming eyes alone that will make home happy. With 
all these, home can still be made unpleasant and unhappy by 
ill-humors and caprices, discourtesy and crusty and boorish 
nianner.s. 






iiv .i.vs. A. i.irri.K. 



TiiF, history extant among pagan nallons of the creation of 
the will Id and of the jirogeuito'-s of the human race have 
.■■o much in couiumn with tb(! Bible account of the events, 
that the conclusion is irresistible that all mankind have the 
same original parentage, and that an intelligible account of 
creation was handed down through the antediluvian fathers 
to Noah and his sons. Fiom them with various modifications 
it was doubtless had 1 y all the nations of anliiiuity, cither 
by record or oral tradition. 

We arc indebted to Tjouis .Tacolliot. a French writer, for 
the following beautiful legend of the creation and fall of our 
first parents, originally taken from the sacred books of the 
Hindoos. The traditionary Eden of the Hindoos is the island 
of Ceylon, the gem of the Indian Ocean. It is j.erhaps 





J'TJ'VEJISriIL.E XHSrSTI^TJOTOI^.. 



235 




nearly fitted by nature for an earthly paradise as any portion! 
of the earth. ! 

According to this legend, under the munificence of the 
Divine Creator the earth was covered with flowers, the trees 
bent under delicious fruits, thousands of animals sported over 
the plains, birds of beautiful plumage floated in the air, and 
everything was prepared for the well being of man. 

Brahma, the Hindoo divinity, organized the two personages, 
male and female, drew a genu from the, great .soul, the pure 
essence, and animated them. He gave them conscience, or a 
sense of right, and speech, which made them superior to all 
other creatures, but inferior to angels. Strength and majesty 
characterized the man whom he named Adinia. The woman 
man was clothed with grae« and beauty and named Hcva. 

The island of Ceylon was given by the Lord to this primeval 
pair for their residence, a terrestrial paradi-e well fitted for the 
progenitors of the human race. "Go" said Brahma, "unite, 
and produce beings who shall be your living image upon earth, 
for ages and ages after you have returned to me." He 
instructed them not to leave Ceylon, but people it and implant 
his worship in 
the hearts of 
those wh 
should be born. 
He also told 
them that the 
rest of the world 
was not yet in- 
habitable. 

The hap p y 
pair lived for 
some time in 
undisturbed 
(luietuae. Boun- 
teous nature was 
lavish of her 
delights, and 
furni.'^hed the 
most delicious 
food without 
care. But life 
was too uici- 
notonous; there 
was no contrast 
to give rest to 
pleasure. The 
-pirit of evil beiran to iii-pire th"!n with disturbing desires 



"Behold, what beautiful things," cried Adima, "and what 
good fruits such trees must produce ! Let us go and taMe 
them, and if that country is better th;in this we will dwell 
there. ' ' 

Heva tremblingly besought Adima to do nothing that might 
irritate the Lord against them, and asked, "Are we not well 
here? Have we not pure water and delicious fruiis? AVhere- 
for seek other things?" 

"True," replied Adima, "but we will come back; what harm 
can it be to visit this unknown country?" He approached the 
rocks, and Heva tremblingly followed. Placing his wife on 
his shoulders he crossed the arm of the sea which separated 
him from the object of his desires. No sooner did thev touch 
the shore than trees, flowers, fruit.s, birds and all that had 
enchanted them .so much in the distance, in-^tantly disappeared 
amid terrific clamor; the bridge of rocks by which they had 
crossed, sank beneath the waters; a few .sharj) peaks alone 
remained to indicate the place of the bridge which had been 
destroyed by divine displeasure. 

Some rocks which rise in the Indian Ocean between the 

eastern jioint of 
India and Cey- 
lon are still 
known in that 
country ly the 
nameof "Palam 
Adima." that is 
"bridge of 
Adam." There 
is also a promi- 
nent peak on 
the coast of the 
isl-ind of Cey- 
lon, from the 
foot of which 
the traditions 
ot the country 
Insert that the 
fiivt wan took 
his departure 
tdi the conti- 
nental coast. 
l<rom the earli- 
est times this 
jii o u nt a i n i.-^ 
A I'H.MRIK ikm; \ii,T,A(iK. ^;,i(] („ have 

borne the name of "Adam's I'eak." 




wi>h 



souiothini] 



aid Adniiii. "and see 
mure beautiful than 




with feelings of dissatisfaction, with a 
which they had not. 

"Let us wander through the island," 
if we may not, find some plai-e even 
this." 

[leva confidingly followed h-r husl)and. Thev wandered i'n<- 
months among the delight" of their paradise. Ileva wa-- fin'tlly 
.seized with strange fears and terrors. 

"Adima," said she, "let n> ,L'o no fa"ther, it seems to me 
that we are disobeying the I<cird.' 

"Fear not," said .\dinia, and they journeyed on. Arriving 
at the extremity of the island, they saw a smooth narrow arm 
of the sea, and beyond a vast country connected with the 
island by a narrow rocky pathvray. To those wanderers in 
jiaradise, this country appeared strangely beantiful: it was 
covered with stately fori'>ts. and birds of brilliant and varie- 
ated plumage flitted among the branches. 



-•♦- 



I^'R.^II^IE! JDOG-S 



Tl'..\\Kl.Eiis who now cnis> the plains that stretch between 
the Missouri River and our mountain home are hurried 
along so fist in the railniad cars, thai they make the entire 
' trip in a few days, and have but littlei chance iijr noticing all 
the interesting natural features of the route. To thoise, how- 
ever, who crossed the plains years ago, by the slower mode of 
transit then in vogue, such as ox and horse teams, we necil 
say nothing about the pretty little animals that are the .subject 
of our skctx.di. No immigrant could fail to notii'C the Prairie 
Dog villages .vith th(!ir swarms id' trisky inhabitants. I'rob- 
ably few ever saw .such a village or took the pains to notice in 
the liiast tlie lively little animals without wondering how they 
managed to live. They certainly are very sociable beings, arid 





S48 



jTJ'VEisrxxjE i3srsT:E2/"crcTOi^. 




seem to enjoy life immensely, sitting sentry-like upon the 
summit of their houses, or scampering ahout the streets of 
their villages, though the vegetation surrounding is often so 
scanty as to make their existence a matter of surprise. But 
though so sociable among themselves, they have no taste for 
intimacy with human beings. On the contrarj- they pop into 
their holes with the greatest rapidity as soon as they see a 
person approach them. Especially is this the case if a missile 
or weapon is raised to kill them. On this account, the 
I'rairie Dog is a very diffieidt animal to .-hoot. 

There is one feature about these little animals which must be 
considered very curious by every person who is at all acquainted 
with the habits of animals, We refer to their hospitality; for 
you must know that in addition to being .sociable, they are ex- 
ceedingly hospitable little fellows. Their houses, which, asyou 
would readily judge from the appearance of them in the picture, 
arc mere holes in the ground with little piles of dirt for a cover- 
ing, are quite roomy in the interior, that is when the size of the 
"dog" is considered; and in one of these houses, in addition to 
the legitimate inmate, there is often found a rattlesnake and a 
ground owl, that may be considered as visitors, enjoyimr the 
ho.'-pitality of the Prairie Dog. A curious "happy family !'' 
you no doubt think. And the most curious part of it is that 
the snake don't gobble up his kind host and feathered com- 
panion. But naturalists furnish no record ot .such ungrateful 
conduct on the part of the snake, and the infurenco is that he 
appreciates his comfortable quarters and genial companions, 
and acU the part of a good snake towards them. 




I'H.VIKIK IiOOS. 

The IVairie Dog does not, as svme might think, resemble our 
domesticated dogs and is therefore named after them. In 
fact he i.i not a dog at all. He has been called a Prairie Dog 
because of the sound or bark which he frequently utters, and 
which bea's .some resemblance to the bark ot a young puppy. 
But, strictly speaking, he is a marmot, and might more 
proiwrly be called the 'Prairie Marmot," or "Barking Mar 
mot," He is about the size of a squirrel, and has soft, reddish- 
gray fur. Ho is verj- ea.sily tamed, and makes quite a nice 
l>et for the little folks when kept in a cage. One may be seen 
in the Dchcret Museum, in this city, where he sports around 
in his cage to the amusement of visitors. Profes,sor Barfoot 
makes a great pet of him. These animals in their natural 
stite hibernate, that Ls they .seclude them.selves during the 
wiuUt, and pa.s.s their time in sleep; and even when tamed they 
are also ioilined to do so. 




TuEKE exists a very l^-autiful cu.stom in Germany. On the 
finst day of the new year, whatever may have been the r>uar- 
rels or estrangement between fri.'ud.s and relatives, mutual 
.isits are inten-hanged, kindly greetings given and received— 
Li forgotten an 4 forgiven. 



EITTOIMIOLOa-ir-ITO. 12. 



BY W. p. JOHNSON, JTN. 



ORTHOPTERA. 



To the gioup of "walkers" belong those singular insects called 
"walking sticks," as they have a long cylindrical body 
which resembles dry twigs. They are destitute of wings, are 
quite rough and appear in the same color as the plants on 
which they live. Their legs are long, weak and unfit for rnpid 
motion. They live on tender leaves and buds, which are their 
appropriate food. 

OF these insects we have two species in this Territory; they 
belong to the family Plmsmir'a. They are generally four 
inches long. In tropical countries they are of a larger size, 
even a foot in length. 

The "walking leaves" also belong to this group; their wings 
and legs so much lesenble leaves, that they are easily mistaken 
for the foliage. They are all natives of warm countries. 

The "jumpers" are well represented in this country, and 
many of them have become quite noted on account of their 
extensive ravages. This group has been divided by natural- 
ists into three families, viz: fji-jjUiadae, or cricket family (the 
name is derived from the greek word gryllus, the ancient name 
for cricket) Loeuitariae, or locust family, and the acrydii^ 
or migratory locust. 

The cricket family is not so destructive to vegetation as the 
other two families of the jumpers: some of them even do 
much good, as they I've on other noxious insects. These 
insects are known by the following characteristics: wing covers, 
when present, lie horizontally on the top of the back, antennae 
long and tapering, tarsi three pointed (except in the little 
white cricket, called "oecanthus," which has four pointed tarsi) 
two tapering, downy bristles at the end of the body, between 
which, in most of the females, is a long fipear-pointed ovi- 
positor, the body long and depressed. Most of the males are 
furnished with a musical apparatus situated at the base of the 
wings, so that by rubbing one wing upon another they produce 
a sound similar to the syllables cri cri, from which they derive 
the name of crickets. The object of this noise is that the 
males are chirping to their mates. 

In damp places around ponds and swamps, may be seen 
small mounds of dirt resembling a mole hill in miniature; these 
are made by the most singular of insects called the mole 
cricket, or (jryllotalpa, from the words gryllus, a cricket, and 
talpa, a mole. They are generally one inch and a quarter in 
length, and are easily recognized by their stout fore-legs, which 
are admirably adapted for digging, as the shanks are broad, 
flat and three sided; the lower side is divided into four finger- 
like projections. The color is of a light bay or fawn, and they 
are covered with a short velvety down; the wings are one half 
the length of the body. They live entirely on insects, and 
burrow in the earth in search for them. 

We have another insect in this Territory very similar in some 
respects to the former; it is commonly called the "sand cricket." 
It inhabits dr>- sandy places, and sometimes gardens. It is one 
inch and a half in length when full grown; the head large, 
eyes prominent, antenn;e long and bristle-like and many jointed; 
all the legs are stout, and furni.shed with spines to enable it to 
dig in the earth with facility. It is destitute of wings; the 
abdomen very large and annulated with dark brown and light 
colored rings. Although quite an ugly looking insect, it is 
perfectly harmless, and Is very useful, as its food is composed 





J"TJ^E!IsriLE] insrSTI^TJCTOI^ 



249 



of insects. Many people call them "ground scirpionp," and 
fear them as they do a rattlesnake. They are the gardeners' 
friend; do not kill them. 

The common black crickets which live under stones and logs, 
in damp places, are also beneficial, although they eat some 
vegetables; their principal diet is other insects, which they can 
overpower. They are called by Harris arJieta alLrenata, on 
account of their .short wings. They are three fourths of an 
inch in length, of a black color, wings having a browni.sh tinge, 
the antennjB long and tapering. The males are supplied with 
a musical organ with which they enliven their mates, as .soon as it 
begins to get dark, and they keep up their racket nearly all 
night. The female has a long ovipositor. The hind legs of 
these insects are long and fitted for leaping. 

The Utile black crickets which inhabit our meadows, live in 
communities, and do some damage to the grass; they love the 
sunshine as much as others of this family like the night. 
They are only two-fifths of an inch in length, color brown to 
rusty black, with three black stripes alone the back. They 
have wing covers but no wings; they are called acleta vi'/ia/a, 
(Harris) or striped cricket. 

We have many other crickets which are quite common, but 
as a general thing they do but little damage to the farmer. 



-Ei^r^rir 




ENVY is to the human heart what the weed is to the garden, 
which if allowed to become too rank, will not only choke 
the tender plants which you have sown, but its roots will grow 
and increase, and so thoroughly undermine the soil that it 
is afterward unfit to receive seeds. In just the same way if 
you allow envy to get possession of your heart, it will crush 
out every honest principle of your nature. It destroys the 
healthful tone of the system, breaks down all the energies, 
and renders one unfit for the duties of life. It is like a 
turbulent stream coursing through the land, uprooting vege- 
tation, and leaving a noxious .sediment wherever it has flowed. 

Closely allied to envy is covetousncss, which is one of the 
cardinal sins of the human family, and from covetousaess 
proceeds theft and falsehood. In 'the track of the latter 
follow penitentiaries and State prisons. You see, then, to 
what one sin, seemingly insignificant at first, leads. It may 
be argued that envy and covetousness are not sins, but merely 
passions; but I hold that that is sin which prompts us to do 
evil, to transgress the Divine law in any wise. Without 
covetousness there would be no such thing as theft. 

But envy does not always lead one so far as this. It is 
more frequently kept pent up in the bosom like a smouldering 
flame, that consumes the vital principles of love, t'oodness 
and benevolence. It is .so prevalent throughout the world 
that many a seemingly praiseworthy deed really partakes of 
the depraved nature of the doer, lOr it is soon found that the 
motive which prompted the effort was merely to e.\cite the 
envy of others. All the money spent on some fnrailies, and 
all the extra accomplishments bestowed upon some children, 
are for the purpo.se of dazzling the eyes of less favored 
jiarents. I once heard a belle say, that she did not dress so 
much to please' the gentlemen as to spite her female friends; 
so it is that all the extra labor spent on some toilets, is merely 
to excite a pang of envy in the hearts of others. Open and 
avowed enemies are certainly more to be preferred than 
envious friend.s. They can do you less injury, for, making no 
pretensions to a friendship for you, the world will understand 



how to construe what they may say about you; but the other 
cla.ss, seeming to be your friends, can work a great deal of 
mischief with their ma'icious tongues. 

It is iui]iossibie, you say. to witness the jirosperous condition 
of your neighbor without a desire to "hare that prosperity. 
Granted; but all the desire in the world will not increase 
your possessions one iota, unless it be attended with labor. 
It was never designed that the human wants should lie fully 
sated; so when you find yourself coveting something which 
your neighbor has, and you have not. look around you and 
see if you have not something in which he is lacking. Or, if 
that will not suffice, put your desire and industry together, 
and strive by SMme hunest mean^ to obtain what you -;vant. 




>■>— ^- » » 



TK.IFLES. 



rpufiiOH it has been impressed upon ii^ from our earliest 
J. years that 

"Little drops of watfr. 
Little grtiin? of cand. 
Make the laighty I'cean 
And tlie iile:i«:int limd.' 
it is doubtful whether there is any one who fully realizes the 
importance of trifles. ( tur time and attention are so engros.'-ed 
in the pursuit of greater things,, that the occHrrences of every 
day life seem too trivial to be noticed, and we foreet tJiat suc- 
cess is gained by none save those who are faithful in little 
things. The failure of many a life may be traced to a disre- 
gard of trifles. Little indulgence'- in «in, so trifling that one 
would think that they might be perniitt-'d with comparative 
safety, grow into evil habits and obtain "o ■•trong a hold that 
they cannot be overcome, and they so^m blit-ht what promised 
to be fair. 

Though each j>assing second brings uw nearer to the end o 
life, how many of these priceless srifis are wa'-ted liec,Mn>^e they 
are nothing but trifles. A simple word 'eem" of litlk' rnnse- 
quence, yet it is often productive of great results. In our 
intercourse with others we are t<io apt to forget this. If we 
realized that a word carelessly dropj-ed from onr lips, might 
cause another pain, the sting of which would be remembered 
for years, suridy we should give more heed to lhe>-e trifles; 
and that a word spoken in tenderness and charity would make 
many a sad heart glad, we should nut be so chary of 'he 
".small sweet courtesies" that make life pleasant. Why 
shotild we envy the rich and i-owerful, who an- indeed able to 
do much for their fellow bein.cs. when we may scatter .colden 
words of love and good cheer alon.i: our wav. Tlie great 
inventions which have been given to the world in the iiast few 
centuries, and the light which has been thrown on all branehes 
of science, are traceable to long and patient observation of 
trifles. In nature's reaiin the tiny flower, the slender blade 
of grass, show the touch of the same hand t*iaf gave strength 
and symmetry to the mighty oak: eaeh sjiarkling ilewdrop, 
each little ray of light speaks as eloquently of (rod's tender 
love and mercy as his bow of jiromisc in the heavens. Thu" the 
humblest efforts in the cause of truth and right, will as surely 
be cniwned with success, a« the utoi-t brilliant plans for the 
elevation of mankind. Ah we witness the wiiti-hful care of 
Him whn, while he lontrols countless worKl'-. rnarV" even the 
sp.arrow's fall, let us not despise a< usvlcs" the least of His 



TiiK defects of jireat men are the consolation of the dunces. 





S50 



J-TJ^EIDTILE IlsTSTI^/TJOTOI^. 




FTJIsT. 



BV HUGH KNOlKiH. 




THE e.iptioB of this article is a very little word Imt it includes 
in its meaning a great variety of human sensations and 
gratifications. All branches of the human race have some 
form of expressing their uierriiuent and pleasures, and each 
of which may l>e expres.-cl by the little word "fun." But 
how varied, opposite and even coiitiadictory are the modes 
and means adopted for its gratification, nut un'y in races and 
communities but even in families and individuals. That 
which is great pleasure to one person is often an enual annoy- 
ance, if not grief, to another. We all kno^ the simple, but 
neverthele.s-s, wi.se fable of the boy throwing rocks at the frogs 
in the pond. To him it was high old fun to see the frogs 
duck and dive, and when he chanced to strike one, to see it 
turn over in its death agonies. At Icristh. in .sheer desperation, 
a sage old frog croakid out to the deliLrhted boy, •'I'ray do 
not pelt us, for that which is fun to you is Jmth to u.s. " 

CircumstaiK^es. climate, education and, in .some instances, 

even relitrion have control over people's sports and aniusc- 

montji. For in-tancc. the hunsiry Irishman when asked what 

he cunsidered was the perfection of fun or amuscmi-nt replied: 

"The greatest fun uiwlor the sun, 

Is to ait by thu lire till the 'p^atie.^■ are done.' 

No doubt you may laugh at this, but 1, for my part, think 
that was his .sincere conviction. I have e.xperienced a similar 
feelini; alter Uung out liuntins? for nearly twetity-four hours 
in a wild and inhospitable i-ountry, when at evening I have 
seated my.self over my camp fire, tired and liungry, and 
watched my damper (that is » thin cake of unleavened bread) 
gradually baking in the embers of the lire. The feelings of 
anticipation and calm satisfaction which would creep over me 
when loPL'ing to put that crisji damper and my smoked mutton 
out of sight, was far itreater pleasure to me. at that time, than 
anythini; else on earth could have invoked. So. in that 
6ea.se, I honestly endorse the Irishman's opinion. 

Again, take the savages of the I'aeitio i.--lands, and 
lot. us ran bow they attain their fun. The acme of plca.s- 
urabli; excitement to tbem is a war dance, and if you could 
see, an I have, their violent exertions, demoniac grimaces and 
disgusiins; contortions while giiiuL' tliiough its performance, 
you Would say it was one of the most laborious and horrid 
sights you ever licheld. 

The (Jreeks and Koinaiis, wiih all their glory and knowledge. 
attained their liii.'lie->t pleasure by setting their irladiators to 
fiKht in mortal eomb.it with each other or with .some wild 
bea.st in the public arena. This was to tliein the spectators, 
not the i;l.'idiator»l a ehoiee bit of fun 

Again in this, the enlightened iiineteentli lentury — what do 
we 6n I in pious liriuiin. Catholic Spain and intelligent .Vmer- 
ica as the in -ans of the ehoic^-st cralific.itioH of fun to thous- 
irndn of »o-calleii ('hri'lians? Let us enumerate .■>. few: in 
Spain and its environ^ we tind the bull liirlil. in I'lissia the 
bear bait, in Mritain and Ainerie.i the "noble art of self- 
defense," as exhibited in the disi;usting and brutal "prize 
ring; " together with the "co<-k i>it" .and "rat pit." 

I do not hesitate to assert tliat the patnuis of lhe.se amu.se- 
uents Would forego any oth^-r kind of pleasure ti'ii times over, 
than l«' debarreil from wiine^,,iiii.' eitherof the above ".sports." 
.Men who would lieLTudtre .1 dollar, perhaps, for a seat in a 
res|K'Ctnhle theatre would wiIliiiL'lv pav thirty or lorty dolhiis 

see a pri7.<; fight. 



Now my young friends, no doubt you exclaim with uplifted 
hands and long drawn faces, "how horrid! " But let us, if 
you please, halt a moment and look right here at home in Salt 
Lake City and note a few of the means used for the attainment 
of iun or pleasure. Let us first raise the curtain on the dram 
shop or saloon and what do we see? A group of men, both 
old and young, aye, and often boys and women, too, standing 
or sitting before a glaring bar, sipping from time to time the 
essence of deadly poi.son, until by degress, as we sorrowfully 
watch them their senses are stolen away, theii limbs lose their 
action, they are unconscious of right or wrong, every sense 
of decency and humanity is lost, and, in lact, in a few hours 
they have sunk from being the noblest work of Ood, made 
after his own image, to be worse than the beast that wallows 
in the mire. And this is what many of the world, ye.s, and 
some few self-styled Latter-day Saints, call "fun!" 

! What a mockery and disgrace ! Let us not lift up our 
hands in horror at the Feejee war dance, the struggles of the 
gladiators, the prize, bull. cock, and bear fights, or overthrow 
slurs at the heathen Chinee in his opium den, while we have 
this honor of horrors — this pest — in our midst. 

Let us all unite to drive this curse from our borders and in 
so doing know we are doing God's service. 

Wc will leave this sail picture and look at another, the 
gambling hells and billiard halls, for a moment. See 
the infatuated fools, who, under the absurd idea of gaining 
pleasure and having fun are risikiug their health, wealth, posi- 
tion and happiness for the gratification of handling a piece of 
pasteboard or an ivory ball. If "fun" can be found in these 
places, the devil is indeed a good caterer! 

Who but a fool, or one lost to all care for his .soul's salvation, 
can wantonly and deliberately set his Creator's commands at 
defiance and dare the displeasure of a jealous and angry God ! 
and that merely for the ^ake of fun or pleasure. I refer to 
that increasing evil of Sabbath breaking — taking excursion.", 
buggy rides, etc., on the day that we are commanded ro keep 
holy and undefiled. Think for a moment, ye Sabbatii break- 
ers, of the awful judgments you incur on your lieads, just for 
the sake of a few hours' "fun !" 

Let us now glance at tbo<e home pleasures, thai may be 
harmless, but are they .sensilile or beneficial? What sense is 
there in turning night into daj' — starting out to a ball about 
the time when we should think of retiring to rest, and keeping 
up the "sjiort' till "daylight doth appear!" We feel tired, 
stiff and cross, as well as looking pale and seedy the next day, 
anil all this labor and vexation for the sake of "fun!" From 
all such "fun" deliver us! 

And now, before we close, a word to those long-vi.sagcd, 
sanetiuioiiious people who raise tbeii hands in pious horror at 
all kinils of aniu^cments. Vou have not a drop of plea^u^able 
or convivial blood in your veins'; you think becau.se your blood 
is thin and cold, and you have your own narrow sphere of 
private pleasures gratified, that there should be no .social fun 
in life. How selfish and wrong you aie in your ideas! "(!od 
lovctii a <heciful countenance." " Tis good to be merry and 
wi.sc." Human nature is so constituted that it must have 
relaxation from daily <lrudgery and toil; and, mark my words, 
if you do not provide the good and pure it will seek after the 
evil. Provide your young, and old, too, for the matter of that, 
with pure and liarinlcss auiusemeuts, limiting them t<j proper 
times, places and .sea.sons, si'eing that nothing corrupt or 
debasing creeps in, but aimini.' at hoiie.st recreation, combined 
with instruction. Let us have theatres, parties, socials, lec- 
tures and till' like; let us enjoy a Iiearty laugh, so long as it 





OrTJ^Ein^ILE IltTSTI^TJCTOie. 




not at our neighbor's misfortune; and in the midst of all our 
pleasures remember and be thankful to Him who is the Oiver 
of all good things, which He bounteously gives to His children 
to use aright, but not abuse. 

— mt ^ »» 

j^ k.O's^^Xj id t it 3sr e] i^ . 




RE.VDERS of Roman history have been astonished at the 
magnificent wastefulness of the suppers given by those 
who seemed to live to eat. But the kings of ancient Mexico 
rivaled, if they did not excel, in their prodigal feasts the re- 
pasts of the richest Roman epicure. I\lontezuma II. was 
encompassed by a cloud of attendants. Six hundred noble- 
men passed the day at his court, speaking always in low tones, 
and careful to make no noise within the limits of the palace. 
The king dined alone, and the number of dishes seived for 
him at each meal are estimated at from three hundred to three 
thousand. Mr. H. H. Bancroft, in a work upon the civilized 
native races of the Pacific region, gives this description of the 
royal dinner: 

The king took his meals alone, in one of the largest halls of 
the palace. If the weather was cold, a fire was kindled with 
a kind of charcoal made of the bark ot trees, which emitted 
no smoke, but threw out a delicious perfume; and that his 
^Majesty might suffer no inconvenience from the heat, a screen 
ornamented with gold, and carved with figures of the idols, 
was placed between his person and the fire. 

He was seated upon a low, leather cushion, upon which were 
thrown various soft skins, and his table was of similar descrip- 
tion, except that it was larger and rather higher, and wa^ 
covered with white cotton clothsand the finest ware of Cholula; 
many of the goblets were of gold and silver, or fashioned of 
beautilul shells. 

He is said to have possessed a complete service of .solid gold, 
but as it was considered below a king's dignity to u.se anything 
at the table twice, Montezuma with all his extravagance, was 
obliged to keep this costly dinner-set in the temple. The bill- 
of-fare comprised everything edible of fish, flesh and fowl that 
could be procured in the empire, or imported from beyond it. 

Relays of couriers were employed in bringing delicacies from 
afar, and as the royal table was every day supplied with fresh 
fish brought, without the modern aids of ice and aii -tight pack- 
ing, from a sea-coast more than a hundred miles distant, by a 
road passing chiefly through a tropical climate, we may form 
some idea of the speed with which these couriers traveled. 

There were cunning cooks among the Aztecs, and at these 
extravagant meals there was almost as muih variety in the 
cooking as in the matter cooked. Sahagun gives a most for- 
midable list of roast, stewed and boiled dishes of meat, fish 
and poultry, sea.soned with many kinds of herb.s, of which, 
however, the most frequently mentioned is chili. He further 
describes many kinds of bread, all bearing a more or le.s.s close 
resemblance to the modern Mexican tortilla, and all most 
tremendously named. Imagine for instance, when one wished 
for a piece of bread, having to a.sk one's neighbor to be good 
enough to pass the totauiiuitlaxcallillaiiuclpacholli; then there 
were tamalcs of all kinds, and other curious messes, such as 
frog-spawn and stewed ants, cooked with chile; but more loath 
some to us than even such as thc.^e, and strangest ot all the 
.strange compounds that went to make up the royal carte, was 
one highly-savored, and pnjbalily savory-smelling ilish, so 
exijuisitely prepared tliat its principal ingredient was com- 
pletely disguised, yet that intTcdient was nothing else than 
human flesh. 



H.VBiTS OF Tidiness. — A man of experience and consider- 
able ability was always unfortunate about keeping his situa- 
tions, and getting new ones when out of place. He came one 
day to a rather plain-spoken friend for auvi:e, and help, if he 
had any to give him. 

The friend was an honest man. and not given to smoothing 
away even rather unpalatable truth.s. He plainly said: 

"If you will follow my advice, I will put you in the way of 
earning a thousand dollars a year. ' ' 

You may be sure the man was all attention, and quite 
ready to take advice. 

''In the first place you must wash your face, neck, ears and 
hands thoroughly with soap and water, and brush your teeth 
twice a day. You must have j'our hair trimmed and neatly 
brushed always. You must put on a nice collar and necktie, 
black your shoes, and keep all your clothes scrupulously 
neat and clean. ' ' 

The man thought of being affronted at first, but on cooler 
judgment he concluded to try the plan. He made himself 
tidy and presentable, and as he understood the business in 
which he desired a situation, he succeeded in securing the 
place, and what is better, in keeping it. His personal appear- 
ance became a letter of recommendation, "known and lead of 
all men." Formerly it was anything but a recommenda- 
tion. 

There is no situation that I know of where a man or boy is 
thought better of for being slovenlj- — certainly uo desirable 
situation. Habits are hard to break up, when they have been 
of long growth. No doubt this man found it up-hill work to 
reform all his old time habitus, and nothing but the stern grip 
of necessity could impel him to take so much pains and 
trouble. Now, while you are young, boys, you can form 
whatever habits you please. By all means let habits of tidi- 
ness and good order be among the very foundation stones of 
vour cliaracter. 



Personal Appearance. — In personal appearance and 
habits, much of our success in life depends. There have been 
many instances where the soul shining through a maimed and 
deformed body, has conciuered the adverse circumstances. 
This is far easier to do than to overcome an offensive or di^- 
agreeable trick of behavior. Society will accord its pity and 
sympathy to natural defects, but for acquired ones it only 
reserves its disgust. 

Kvery reader will call to mind sonic person toward whom he 
or she has felt a repugnance almost unendurable, merely from 
an ofl'eusive habit, such as one has formed — .sometimes a mere 
turn of the lip, a cast of the eve, or a peculiar inflection of 
the voice. ( )fien a practice has been formed of clearing the 
throat, or siiitting j'rofu.sely about, or picking the ears or 
some other vulgar habit. These things will create a dista,sic 
for such persons in a fastidious mind; and, deny it if we may. 
or call it "squeamish," or "silly," we are all of us more or 
less fastidious. 

It is the duty of every person to make himself agreeable to 
others. Most of these peculiarities of manner which create 
aversion arc spontaneous in their origin, but become so habit- 
ual that we are unconscious of them. Many of them are 
formi'd in childhood — habits not easily removed in after years. 
While we cannot like everybody, or be loved by everybody in 
return, still we can take espet^ial care that we do not make 
ourselves personally oft'ensive by habit.s and ways that shock 
the delicate I'astidiousness of those around us. 




;3^0 



>^ 



'^'■ 



JU VElSriLE T:tTSa?I^TJOTOI^<. 




HDJ^Y O in I^EST 



WORllS 1!V PiKO. >[AN\VAmN( 

Slowly: 



Misic i!Y py Bkksi.ky. 






WelcDiui; liippy Sunil;i\ . ])ay of il;iy.s the best, 



Gladly do we hail theo, Blessed day of rest. 



-■=i=r1>q zd^i r-qrzt:-: 



:^.Si^:z;2=^=?d=t-t==dzt=^;2=P=:t23=p-Jil?=£3-t=?=t=t^-3zt==t=3z^62=n^^ 

,_ _^ ,S ,^_ H _ J , ^ ^N ^5 1^ - ""^^ 

(."heerful voici-s sinsiiiff Joyous, ?vateful l*vs. 

— ,^__^ <> ^ ^ — ._^i_^ , — ^ — ^. — ^ ^ — ^—^^~0 l~f^ — ^ — '^ — ' 1 — ^ — ^ 1 — ^ — ?" — ^ --<^ — I — ^v 

'^-'r !•— !•— !• — -*H-| 1 !—)•—*—)• — •H-fi — t H-| La— I taH— I Is — ^-•— »— » — -»-H— I — 



r3=3zi^=*?z:^d=itS-l 
Angelsbeartheniheav'nwardSongsof love and praise. 

tezdz!*rz*:=j*z:=.-gi3 -|— f 



Ilumbly, lowly liendina; 

Ti> the Gxl above. 
I'riiycrs of saint-; ascendinp 

Thank Him Tor His love. 



Thank Him for the Sabbath, 
Holy day— and blest, 

Best of all the seven, 
Eallowed day ef rest. 



S TJ 3Sr ID -Au "Z" XjESSOISTS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TP < HISTORY OF JO.SKl'H SMITH, THE PROTH ET.— LES80X XLI 



O HEJL I?. A ID E - 



BY CU.^. REVNOI.n.S. 



Q.—Wliat liaiH"'"''! while .loscph Smith and lirdhcr Whitney 
were at the taveriif 

A..— Some one put puison in .Joseph's food. 

Q.— What ••ffe't did it have upon him? 

A.— It nearly killed him. 

Q, — What did he have done to obtain relief? 

\ _f;-,,th>'r Whitney administered to him. 

Q.— What wa- the result' 

A —Hi- »•«.■> iii-taiitly healed. 

Q._What lid .Io.ipph say for the bles.sim;'' 

A. — He .^aid, ' thanks be to my Heavenly Father." 

Q. — What maile Joseph feol so thankful' 

A. — I;i»«;ii'i.ie the Lord healr'd hiTo, :inj l!r.)thpr AVhitney also. 

Q.— Wlo-n di.l th.^y reach Kirtland' 

A. — In Jiini- 

Q _I(,,n ,lif| .1 ph clMofly spiind hi- tinie during the sumnier? 

A. — In trainlatuiiC tlie Scriptures. 

Q. — What pap-r did the Saints eoninu'uee tu jmhli^h in Jime, 
\KV>' 

A.— Th.> ■Kvcniiig and Morninc Star." 

Q. — Where was it publi.-lojd, and by whom' 

A.— In lMd-pende!;ee. Mi.-suuri, by W. W. I'helps. 

Q, — Wsta this the tirjt paper ever publi>hcd iii I'pper Missouri? 

A.— It was, and one hundred and twenty miles farther west 
fhiin any other paper in the States. 

Q.— Who cjimn to visit Joseph in N'ovfrnber. 1K;'.0' 

A. — I*r''-i I -nt I!ri2h:ii[-. Y..ii:i!», Hibir C. Kimball and Joseph 

YouUR 



I am composed of twelve letters, and words I auv two: 

My first may be seen on the ocean so blue. 

My second bv my first is somotimo.s transferred 

To parts where 'tis eaten by both old and my third. 

My peoond, my third in the Bible will find. 

Was paved by my first, or a craft of some kind. 

Now join those words three, a. id my whole it will bo— 

The name of a man known to you and *o me, 

Who li\ ed, not in ages that are now pas* and gone. 

But breathes at the present, and in America was born. 



FTTZZLE. 



My whole is gav, and sometimes witty, 
Yet tolls of pain; ah! more's the pity! 
B'^head me, and within nie lies 
A wondrous heap of merchandise; 
Behead again, and I am known 
Jn canvas, marble, wood or stone; 
Sometimes I m useful, sometimes fine, 
.•^oMietimes a base pretence is miue. 



Ls Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territorj', 

OV THE FIRST Jk PIFTEE>JTII OP EVERY MONTH. 



OEOROE Q, CANNON, 



EDITOR. 




TllK aii.-.wiT to till- l'',iiii.'nia publi.-.lied in Xo. I'.i is "Uk/.v.- 
KiMi." \Vi! have reivived correct .solutiou.s from J. ]''n;.'laud, 
I'lam City, I-'viIm-IU Wallmi. Johu Walton. Mill Orc.k; Cha.s. 
Lindlioini, '1ocm;Ic; (iiwrae I'eter, Kairview; Maria ^L Miller, 
Kir.hfield; Nanoy H. Hunt, St. Charles; Enos ]j. .Stookey, 
Shamliip; Lily K. A. I'uke. .^^ar?aret Sli.irp. (.Jeori^iana Rom- 
ney, Hannah Hampton, .Mice Tar.siim, Walter Harrow, Chas. 
• 'afTall, Eddie .\iiderson and C!i-irle^ l!i-ynoId>, .Salt Lake 

•y 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Sinffle Cnp!/, per Aniium. - — f2,00. 

On Copies .sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional w-dl be charged for Po.stage. 

.^arOflJce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




