

aox.l^£ss ro tbelobd. 



^0TOE. 




VOL XII. 



SALT LAKE OITY, MAY 1, 1877 



NO. 9. 



■w-k.it I3src3- onsr ariiE ^vat^ll. 



OUR little readers doubtless remember rcadine tlie Li.^tory 
of Daniel, who was fiinied captive into Babylon. lie 
was remarkable when young for relut-iDS! to eat of the king's 
meat, jnefering to eat coar.-er food which he thought to be 
more wholesome, and, as you rtmcmler, hegiew up to he a 
very wise man. God gave him ievelation.« ar,d jireat wisdom, 
and he became a iavorite wiih the luk-rs of that land. 



vi'.-i-els was lo add gloiy li' the ic;it-\, ai.d, by drinking out of 
ihcni. giamily their vanity. They did not believe in the God 
of Jsiatl, hut in their drunkenness praised the gods of goW, 
of silver, of In ass, of iron, of wood, and of stone, which 
they had in their own midst, which were the work of their 
own hands and the hands of their fathers; for these Baby- 
lonians were i(^olatcis. NctwithstiindiiiC the power of God 





After Nebuchadnezzar'.s death, Bel.^hazzar liecame king. 
He was a wicked man. On one occasion lie made a prand 
foa.st to a thou>and of his lonls, and it is <ai<l he drank wine 
before the thousaml. The party ci)n.-.i>lcJ nf the king, bis 
princes, his wives and his concubines. 

After ho had drunk wine, and in all pmbability becaun' 
intf)xicatcd, he coijamanded his servants (<i brinir tlie gohJen 
and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadiie/.zar had takeh 

t of the Temi)le at Jerusalem. !Iis object in u^ilii; tbc-cr 



which was shown forth thnmirh the propliet l>aiii<l. they did 
not believe in the God of Heaven whom he worshiped. 
They probably lh(uight he war n man wlio liad more knowledge 
than some others of their wise men, but would give no credit 
to the |iri.>thood which be bad nor to the God whom he 
worshiped. Those people believed in magicians and 
sorcerers and astrologers, men who were very like the spirit- 
ualists of thi?sc days, who obtained knowledge, or iiretcnded 
to olitnin it. finin various sourro which they declared to be 





98 



O-TJ^EHSriLE IIsTSTI^/TJOTOI^,. 





supernatural. Some of them consulted the stars, and from 
their position thought the.v could foretell luture events, and 
sought also by magical influences to obtain true revelation. 

When Daniel was able to reveal events of which they 
could give no interpretation they supposed that he knew 
some of the principles of magic or the method of foretelling 
that they did not know, and that he was therefore wiser than 
they on that account: but they would not admit that he wor- 
shiped the God of Heaven who revealeth unto His servants 
all secrets necessary for them to know. 

While Belshazzar and his lords were feasting and rejoicing 
a strange thing happened. In the engraving which we give 
you this week you see a representation of it. The fingers of 
a man's hand were .seen writing upon the plaster of the wall 
of the king's palace. The king's attention was drawn to it, 
and he saw the part of the hand that wrote. This was a 
most a.stonishing event, and it affected the king so greatly 
that he was almost overpowered. He tremiled so much that 
his knees smote one against the other and his strength left 
him. No doubt he was suddenly sobtr 'd. 

As soon as he recovered his voice, he cried aloud to his 
servants to bring in the astrologers and the sooth-avers, for 
these were the men whom he consulted when anything of a 
hidden or strange character occurred that required explaining. 
When they were assembled, he promised the one who would 
e.^plain to him what this meant, to clothe him with scarlet 
and give him a chain of gold to hang around his neck, and to 
make him third ruler in his kingdom. 

In some countries certain classes are not allowed to wear 
clothing of a certain color. Scarlet was doubtless an emblem 
of dignity in Babylon, and when the king promised clothing 
of this color to whoever should interpret this writing, he 
meant to make him one of the digniiaries ot the kingdom 
and to give him a privilege very few had. Of cour.se the 
wi.se men of Babylon were anxious to gratify the king. They 
were not only anxious to .show their wisdom but to attain to 
the honor which he had jiromised: it was, however, of no use; 
they did not have the wisdom nor the knowledge necessary to 
interpret this writing that remained on the wall. Their 
failure troubled the king still more. He was confident that 
there was some important meaning connected with this 
strange event. Neither he nor his wise men had ever heard 
of such a thing before. 

It seems that the queen knew .something about Daniel, and 
she came into the banquet house when she heard of the 
failure of the wise men, and told the king that he need not 
be troubled nor astoni.shed, for there was a man in his 
kingdom that could show him the interpretation of the 
writing. She said to Belshazzar that in this man there was 
the spirit of the Holy Gods, and that in the days of the 
king's father, light, understanding and wisdom, like the 
wisdom of the gods, was found in him, and therefore the 
king's father had made him master of the magicians, 
a^^trologers and soothsayers. She said that he had an excel- 
lent spirit and knowledge and under.standing, and that he 
could interpret dreams, that he could explain hard sentences, 
that he could dis.solve all doubts, and that she would advise 
him to call Daniel and let him explain the meaning of this 
strange writing. 

Acting upon her suggestion, the king sent for Daniel, and, 
after inquiring whether he was the man he wanted, he told 
him he had heard that the spirit of the gods was in him, and 
that he possessed licht and understanding and counsel and 

isdom. He also told him tnat he had inquired of his wise 



men and astrologers whether they could read this writing and 
give him the interpretation thereof, and they had failed. He 
told Daniel that he would give him the same reward he had 
offered the wise men if he would interpret the writing on the 
wall. He would clothe him with scarlet and put a chain of 
gold about his neck, and make him the third ruler in the king- 
dom. Daniel, however, did not want the goods of the king. 
He told him he cjuld keep his goods, and give what reward 
he wished to others; and he added, "I will read the writing 
unto the king, and make known unto him the interpretation." 
He then proceeded to give the king a recital of that which the 
Lord had done for Nebuchadnezzar, his father; how He had 
raised him up, given him majesty and glory and honor; cau.sed 
nations to tremble and fear because of him and how much 
power He had placed in his hands. He told him of the hard- 
ness and pride of bis father's heart, that God was displeased 
thereat, had driven him from his throne, and sent him forth 
among the beasts of the field, where he was fed with grass 
like oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven. The 
Lord had thus punished him till he was completely humbled, 
and knew that God ruled in the earth. He then proceeded to 
relate to Bolsbazzar what he nad done. How proud he had 
been, and lifted up, although he knew that'which God had 
done to his father; and that upon the occasion of this feast, 
he had lifted himself up against the God of Heaven, and had 
drank wine in company with his princes, his wives and concu- 
bines out of the vessels of the Lord's House. He told him 
that he had praised the gods made by the hands of men, 
which could not see, neither hear, nor know, and that because 
of all these things the Lord had sent a part of a hand, and 
this Wilting, the writing on the wall, was written. He told 
him thai- the writ'ng was "J/c«e, Mene, Tekel^ Upharshi." 
He then gave him the interpretation of those words. You 
find them in the fifth chapter of Daniel. They were to the 
effect that his kingdom was finished, that he was weighed in 
the balances and was found wanting, and that his kingdom 
should be given to the Modes and Persians. 

It seems that the king and those who were with him be- 
lieved that Daniel had given him the correct interpretation, for 
they clothed him with scarlet, gave him a chain of gold, and 
proc'aimed that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom. 
But that night the king was .slain, and the Jlodes and Persians 
conquered the kingdom, and Darius, who was a Jlcde, became 
king. J- 1^- 



Dru.nkesness — When this vice has taken fast hold of a 
man, farewell industry, farewell emulation, farewell attention 
to things worthy of attention, farewell love of virtuous society, 
farewell decency of manners, and farewell, too, even an atten- 
tion to person: everything is sunk by this predominant and 
brutal appetite. In how many instances do we see men who 
have begun life with the brightest prospects before them, and 
who have closed it without one ray of comfort and consolation. 
Young men, with good fortunes, good talent, good tempers, 
good hearts, and sound constitutions, only by being drawn 
into the vortex of the drunkard, have become by degrees the 
most loathsome and despicable of mankind. In the house of 
the drunkard there is no happiness for any one. All is uncer- 
tainty and anxiety. He is not the same man for any one day 
at a time. No one knows of his outgoings or his incomings. 
That which he swallows for what he calls pleasure brings pain, 
as surely as the night brings the morning. Poverty and 
misery are in the train. 





CTTJ^EIsriljE IISrSTI?;TJOTOI^ 



^^ 




^0 ilt^ ^enfennial ||.^!ubiti0i|,t 



"WITH vJOTTIlSTG-S BY 



BY C. R. S. 




( Continued. ) 
rrHE Chinese exhibit is of a similar character to the Japan- 
1 eso, only more elaborate in many articles — porcelain, china 
ware, carved woods and ivory, models of pagodas, silks, lire 
arms and implements of warfare. The fruits, flowers, veg- 
etables, models of buildings, plaster figures, representing the 
types of humanity, birds, toj'S and the numerous objects that 
pertain to the oldest nation on the globe, were presented to 
the American public in great profusion. Great interest is 
taken in everything from China and Japan by we.stern people. 
Almost all of their odd-,-haped urns, vases, figures, etc., were 
sold, or were so labeled. 

Australia comes with an immense display. The four colonies 
—Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia and Queens- 
land are embodied in the exhibit of our antipodes. The fac- 
similes, or copies of the largest nuggets found in their gold^ 
mines are larger than any found in America. The dis'ilay of 
wheat, barley and other grains was ot the very first rank as to 
excellence, as were also the blankets, shawls, cordage, wiues, 
saddles, leather-work, furniture, stained glass, glue paper, 
stuffed animals, birds, crackers; also potted meats, canned 
fruits, etc. Among the curiosities was the Lord's prayer in 
fifty different systems of short-hand as old as that used by 
Cicero, fifty yenrs B. C. 

Mr. Holterman, of Sydney, had photographs six feet long 
and four feet high, representing almost all of the towns, 
mountains, bays, coast scenes, tropical foliage and scenery of 
the country. In looking at the views and the articles on exhi- 
bition a person could get an idea of the country, better than 
could be obtained in any other way than going there. 

It would almost be an impossibility to describe the different 
articles of American manufacture. Suffice it to say that 
nothinir was lacking to demonstrate to the rest of mankind the 
great excellence ot the productions of our own country. In 
furniture, silverware, pottery, etc., the American exhibits 
were a surprise to foreigners, whose ideas of America are con- 
nected with log huts, Indians and border ruffians. They were 
unprepared for the vastnoss and thoroughness of American 

enterprise. . , , , <■ 

In machinery the laud of Washington was entirely ahead o. 
the foreign exhibits. When the commissioners appointed by 
the Swiss government to inquire into the character of watch- 
making in this country hud finished their investigations, they 
were astounded that a branch of trade that had sprung into 
existence only a few years ago should be so complete and .so 
far ahead of older countries. For instance; in the display 
made by Appleton Tracy &. Co., of American watches, the 
workman was ordered to take ten watches apart, mix up all 
the parts, and put them together again without regard to their 
former arrangement. The watches were then tested and found 
to vary but a few seconds, with the disadvantage of never 
being regulated. The Swiss commissioners declared that 
watches ol their make could not be served in that way. As a 
further test they took a wat*'h of the fifth grad(! that liad not 
been adjusted, took it with them to Switzerland, ami found 
that it had not varied but a few minutes on the trip. They 
had to acknowledge that the Americans had entirely beaten 



them. This is only one item that shows the originality and 
development in ingenuity in a land that as yet has not old- 
beaten tracks in the manufacturing arts. 

Bifore leaving the main building we will glance at the edu- 
cation exhibits of different countries, that were tastefully 
arranged in a somewhat obscure part. Most of the nations 
I have mentioned before had the methods and appliances used 
in their countries for training the young idea. 

To show that the matter of education is not forgotten in so- 
called barbaric nal^ons, I need only point to the fact that all 
the Chinamen that visit our shores, wash our snirts and live 
in miserable hovels, a^e able to read and write, which is mora 
than can be said of English-speaking people. 

Japan, Sweden, Norsv.iy, the Sandwich Islands, and even 
Egypt came with specimens of tlie advancement that is creep 
in^ into old, crumbling monarchies that a little brush of war 
would wipe out forever. In mo-it of the countries named, 
education is corapul.sory and under the direct control ot the 
government. No child, for instance, in Switzerland between 
the ages of five and eight years is allowed to stay away from 
school. Military drill is also insorporated with their education. 
All th^ school rooms are m.ide as attractive as possible with 
pictures, molels and specimens of natural objects. In 
Sweden the education in the morning is confined to books, in 
the afternoon to trades and industrial pur?uits. The boys may 
learn any trade they choose. The girls are taught those occu- 
pation-i that render them useful in after life. 

In this matter it can be seen that wc have something to 
learn from every nation. I am compelled to hope that the day 
may cjme when all thit is practicable and of real advantage 
in the education of youth, as shown by other people in distant 
lands, may be adopied in our mountain home. 

Leaving the miin building, with its teeming thousands of 
untold wonler , I visited Photographic Hall and gave it a 
thorough examination. The question will arLse, which country 
had the best exhibit. I will answer by saying that no one 
nation was good in everything I am sustained in the state- 
' mant I am about to make by the testimony of better judges 
than myself In landscape photography England was far 
ahead .f the worid. The very best specimens came from a 
Mr. Payne Jennings, of Dublin, Ireland. A Mr. Bedford had 
some enormous photographs tf old trees that eclipsed all 
other enlargements from small platen. Other countries sent 
creditable specimens but none that equalled the specimens 
offered bv Great Britain. In portrait photography America 
leads the van. It is true that Germany, Russia and other old 
countries sent some really fine work, but none that eclipsed 
American pioduction, from the small photo in the locket 
to others eight feet high. J?radley and |{ulof:^on of San Fran- 
cisco had the very fine-t photogragh in crayon of a hand.some 
lady. Ryder of Cleveland had photographed, many of the 
uncomely and ciar.se specimens of human nature found among 
the poorest and most degrailcd of humanity, with a truth- 
fulness and beauty that put all the pictures of handsome men 
and women into the shade. 

Th ! most obscure peoples and nations .sent specimens. Of 
late the Chinese and Japanese begin to practice the photo- 
graph! • art. From the interior towns of South .\merica came 
.■•ome jioor specimens, but they served to gave one an insight 
into remote and out-of-the-way pl;ices. 

All of the improvements and dlll'erent bram-hes of the art 
wore 00 exhibition butasthcscarematters that few take interest 
in we will bid adieu to Photographic Hall. 
{To be Conlinned. ) 





lOO 



CTTJ ^ E IN" I L E IIsrSTI^UCTOI^ 




OHZILIDISII "WISHIES. 




FREQUENTLY do we hear little children giving vent to 
their busy minds in words that would convey to the 
listener the impression that they are not satisfied with their 
condition and surroundings. This is owing to their youth and 
lack of experience; but as age accumulates and experience is 
gained, they will learn how thoughtful our Heavenly Father is 
in providing comfortable homes, kind fathers, mothers and 
friends to look after and provide for the wa»ts of little chil- 
dren, not only for the present but their future happiness. 
Then how good and grateful they ought to be; but sometimes 
when a little bov is asked by his mamma, who is very busy, to 
get a pail of water, cut a little wood or run on an errand, he 
angrily turns to do the bidding, and earnestly wishes he was a 
horse or colt, ihat he might run away, thereby avoiding the 
small duties asked of him by his indulgent mother; for he 
thinks all a horse has to do is to eat nice grass, go when and 
where he pleases, and stand up or lie down as he may choose. 
Little does he know of the many trials the horse has to 
undergo; be may fall into the hands of a hard master who will 
ill-use him, ht^ may be beaten, poorly fed, and worked very 
hard. If left out to graze through the winter, many times 
he is seen pawing the snow in *earch of a few blades of gra.ss 
or herbs to keen him alive. He is exposed to storms of snow 
and rain, no >helter at night, no one to feed or speak a kind 
word. Whde ^ueb i< the case with some horses, others find 
pleasant home.- and kind friends, and by their willingness to 
work show their gi-ati'ude. 

We will now look at a window of a school room, where a 
little girl is watchiii;; a liright-colored bird hopping from twig 
to twig, singing it> m"rrie!?t song. The bud, so free and 
beautiful, excite- her envy. Mecbanicaily fhe wishes she was 
a bird, toj, to ba-k in the sunshine or repo.-e in the shade as 
her fancy led her, tjjdding adieu to school room, books and 
hard study. Tne picture she paints is a pretty one, and a 
smile of happiness ripples over heruhildish face. She does not 
realize that the poor bird has no .-belter when the rain is 
pouring down, exceiit that ol a hu.-h or tiee, but sits there 
with it.s feathers all wot and drooping, it- head bowed down as 
if some sorrow had overtaken it, the storui and cold preventing 
it from going in -earch of seeds or worms, while it thinks of 
the good dinners it has had in the past; and that a snow- 
storm may come on when the poor bird may lemaiu many 
hours without food, while the ground and seeds are all covered 
with snow, wi-hing for some one or something to give it a few 
seeds or crumbs to keep hunger away. 

We will now leave the little girl at the window, and take a 
peep into a dingy cellar whore iliere is a little girl with clothes 
grim and tattereu. She is busy .-crabbing a dilapidated floor; 
her little hands are red and soiled, as thcv fly from the pail to 
the floor, each time carrying a bru,-h filled with water, which 
is sent flying in every direction. Suddenly she rises to a 
kneeling position, at the same time letting her little arms and 
hands hang idly by her side, still holdinu' the brush. See, her 
mouth opens .suddenly, with a meaning shake of the head, 
when in a sharp key, she gives vent to the wish that she was 
"a canary, parrot, or even a lap-dog; then." she says, "some 
fine lady would love, feed and cat ess me; but as it is, it is 
nothing but light tires, dust, cook, carry coal, water, run 
errands, tend baby and scrub from morning till night, cooped 
up all day, excepting Sundays and evenings, while other 
girls can iilay as much as they like." and here she comDieDCcd 

cry. 



She does not know the ills the canary, parrot and lap-dog 
are subject to, through over-feeding and little exercise; if a 
moment's slight occurs it causes them to be angry and 
despondent, which is a species of ingratitude, while the dogs 
that are permitted to have a reasonable amount of food and 
exercise are healthy and happy, for it is the same with men 
and women who live in ease and idleness, they are never 
without imaginary ills and troubles. J. 






BY D. M. S. 



I WAS born in the town of Irvine, Ayrshire, Scotland, on the 
Sth day of March, 1X26. My parents were poor, but 
honest. My father died when I was an infant, and my mother 
removed after his death to Paisley, Renfrewshire, where she 
died when I was nine years old, leaving me in the world with- 
out home, friends or scholastic education. 

My mother had taught me to read and to be good, for which 
I shall ever revere her memory. The moral lessons sh« gave 
nie left a lasting impres.sion on my young mind and saved me 
in the hour of temptation from being overcome of evil. 

Oh! how thankful the children of the Saints should be to 
their Father in Heaven for the blessings they enjoy! Born 
in the kingdom of God, heirs to the priesthood, guided by it 
and their parents in the paths of truth and virtue, they have 
the training for. and opportunities to fill honorable positions 
in the society of the just, who are preparing for the coming 
of Je>us. Contrast their condition with that of thousands of 
children in the world who are going the downward road to 
destruction ! Their parents and teachers are ignorant of the 
wavs of the Lord and cannot teach them how to walk 
in His paths. 

I appreciate the blessings our children enjoy the more 
highly because of my being deprived of them in youth. I 
had to work for a living from the time my mother died; but 
I can testily to all, that where there is a will to improve, there 
is a way to learn; for God helps those of His children who 
are willing and obedient. Something divine ever whispered to 
me to be good and useful, and prompted me to adopt a 
system of self education. 

I commenced by learning to write and cipher on the flag 
sidewalk with a slate pencil, and often called other boys from 
their play to .set me a copy. Thus, in the street, I commenced 
my education, and T have continued to glean knowledge from 
men and books, from travel and experience up to the present 
time. I am ignorant yet; but, by the help of (iod, through 
His Holy Spirit, which the Saints can all enjoy, I have 
resolved to go on learning until I become proficient in every 
good word and work. , 

My desire to learn caused me to associate with good boys, 
who took me t • Sunday .school and church, where I tried to 
learn to serve God aright. My catechism and teachers, how- 
ever, explained Him away and made Him a myth, or a being 
"without body, parts or passions." This conflicted, in my 
mind, with the God of the Bible, who made man in His own 
image. The more I tried to learn the relation I sustained to 
God, the more the subject became involved in mystery. But 
I learned many good precepts, which kept me from associating 
with the wicked. 





JTJ -^r E! IN" I L E insrSTI^TJCTOI^ 



lOl 





I can tratbfully say to' all my young brethren and sisters 
that those who treasure up good in their youth will 
be happy in old age; but "the way of the transgres-or is 
hard, ' ' both here and hereafter. 

When I was sixteen years of age I began seriously to think 
of joining a church, and asked the Lord in pray-^r to direct 
me aright. In a dream T was shown a great, high building 
which was full of windows; but, so far as I could see, there 
was no door. Great multitudes of people were pa.ssing in 
and out at the oi)en windows, in a confused manner, like ants 
when their nest is disturbed. I felt a curiosity to see the 
inside of the building, but did not like to enter bj' the 
window, and was looking for a door when 1 met a man w^o 
seemed to know my intentions. He said, 'Follow me, young 
man, and I will show you the interior of the building." He 
led the way bv a little wicket in the basement. All was 
darkness; but he lit a small lamp which he held in his hand, 
by the light of which I saw that the building bad no founda- 
tion, but rested on posts set in the ground which were rotten 
and might give way at any moment. I mentioned this to my 
guide, who said: ''the building must needs Jail; but those 
ignorant worshipers you saw above do not know it, nor 
would they believe it, even (hough an angel from heaven 
should tell them." After passing through a labyrinth of 
rooms we a-cended a stairway, rotten and crumbling in decay, 
and I felt relief upon reaching ihi top. There were people 
I thought of all nationalities passing to and fro through the 
building; and, up there, the building seemed massive, grand 
and durable. We passed through a great number of halls 
with rooms on either side, where my guide said the people 
worshiped "'the unknown god." "Come," said he, "and T 
will show you," entering at the same time a spacious hall, 
richly decorated, atid seatea like a church, whijh was filled 
with worshipers who seemed mesmerized by a man who was 
addressing them from a puljiit. He did not speak audibl.v, 
but went through motions like an actor in a pantomime. 
The people seemed to have no mind of their own; but were 
under the influence of the man in the pulpit, and nodded 
assent to every gesture. They were ignorant of (he danger 
to which they were exposed in that great building without 
foundation. Yet I knew it must needs fall, and it would 
crush them to death in its ruins. Being moved with fear for 
their safety, I was about to warn them to flee, when my 
guide whispered in my ear, "Save yourself; you are not yet 
called to save this great apostate church of the devil." 

This announcement startled me, and 1 awoke to find it but 
a dream. It left a lasting impression, however, upon my 
mind that it wa-s a warning from God to keep me from joining, 
as I had intended to do, the Presbyterian church. My 
mother, still dear to me in death, had belonged to that 
church, and, when an infant, she had taken me there to be 
s|)rinkled; so I thought it my duty to become a member of 
the church she belonged to. So little, ynu see, did I know 
about religion! 

About this time "Mormonism" was creating (piitc an 
excitement in Scotland. I was induced by some of my com- 
])anions to go and hear it i)reached. I was convinced it was 
the truth according to the scriptures, and I was baptized by 
Triest Stewart Hutchison, and confirmed by Elder William 
Gibson, on the fifth day of May, 1.S42, in the town of Paisley. 
Renfrewshire, Scotland. From that time to the present I 
have rejoiced in the truth and can bear testimony that the 
signs follow the believers. 

( To he Continued. ) 



O HI i^ I^ I T "2" . 



BV NU.MIblA. 



THERE are few princii)les of more importance than charity, 
and few that are so little understool. ( )ne reason for this 
is that while some other principles of the gospel require the 
exercise only of faith, charity involves a continual test of the 
good qualities in man, an I a renewed daily exertion in the act 
of self control. 

To obey the law of biptism require^ but belief and repent- 
ance, coupled with an outward act of but brief duration, and 
it is comparatively an easy matter to obey many of the le- 
quirements made upon the Suints; but who can tell the labor 
of man's inmost soul, or picture the struggles of a christian 
heart, in battling against the weakness of one's humanity, and 
in striving to make due allowance for the frailties of our race. 

Among the various sects in Christendom, charity is regarded 
as the simple act of giving to the poor, while, on reference to 
the teachings of St. ''-'aul, we find hmi using the following 
language: "Though I bestow all my goods to teed the poor- 
and though I give my bf^dy to be burned, and have not charity, 
it profiteth me nothing." He then proceeds to describe what 
charity consists of He shows that a i)ersoa possessed of this 
eminent quality is not hasty in temper, but, controling his or 
her natural disposition under the sweet influence of charity, 
becomes long suffering and kind. 

He declares that such a person is not givei to boasting nor 
vanity, nor to any act unbecoming or unseemly. 

Thit such persons, far from beins of a grasping or avaricious 
nature, labor to con(iuer this propensity, until they are willing 
to yield their own rights, rather than cnero;u-h upon the right; 
of others. 

And then, lest we should begin to criticize tho^e who do not 
appear to have entirely conquered these propensities, the 
Apostle cautions us that nersons who are endued with charity 
are never suspicious, and that such can think no evil; but, re- 
joicing not in iniquity, they hope that all are striving to do 
well, and be.aring with each other's weaknesses, they endure 
the inconveniences incurred through the impeifections of the'r 
brethren and sisters, and take pleasure in exercising faith that 
the weak may overcome, that the frail may be strengthened, 
that the sinner may be turned from the error of his ways, and 
that the true saint may grow to the full measure of a perfect 
man in Christ Jesus. 

It also appears from the teaching of this apostle, that while 
other principles and gifts shall some day cease, charity shall 
endure forever. The day will come (when we reach a perfect 
condition) that we shall no longer need to prophesy, because 
all will know as they are known, we shall not need to speak in 
toi-gues, for God will give us a pure language, there will be no 
necessity to lay on hands for the healing of the sick, for God 
will make our bodies immortal, but in the glory of our then 
perfect state, the loving, .self-denying principle of charity will 
manilest itsc^lf in all the associations of that heavenly world, 
where tne noble qualities of man's nature will Ik^ fully devel- 
oped, and the imperfections of his humanity buried in the 
grave. 



Nkvkk harbor animosity toward a friend for a mere hasty 
expression; forgiveness is a godlike quality, and and a true 
friend is so scarce tliat he should not he repudiated on .slight 
grounds. 




}^' 



lOS 



vTTJ^ElsriXjE Ilsr STI^/UOTOI^;. 




^M^ MvtnW^ llnstrttdotj. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



salt lake city, may 1, 1877. 
eijdxto:rxj^il, thiotjcb-hits. 





//^&Sv5=>'^'t ACITUS, the Roman historian, described 
CiT^lF^^^^^vf iJ in flattering language the purity of the 
German pcop'e, who, at the time he 
wrote, were barbarians. It is generally 
believed that in his work the historian 
intended to reprove the habits of his 
fellow countrymen. He held up the 
purity of the German character by way of 
contrast to the habits of the Romans. 
;\*^Y^R r- In the day in which he lived Roman morals 
^Z^ » Ml were at a very low ebb. Speaking of the 
Germans, he said adultery was very rare among 
them. The adulteress was driven from the 
the house with shaven hair, and beaten igno- 
miniously through the village. Neither youth nor 
^ beauty, nor wealth could enable a woman who was 
known to be unchaste to secure a husband. Poly- 
gamy was practiced among them. It is a fact, the 
truth of which is attested by historj'. that so-called barbarians 
are as a rule more strict in their ideas of purity and in main- 
taining chastity than the so-called civilized nations. This 
was particularly so with the Roman nation. In the early 
days of Rome virtue was highly honored. Law and public 
opinion conbined in making matrimonial purity most strict. 
For five hundred and twenty years it was said there was no 
such thing as a divorce in Rome; and even after a divorce 
had occurred, the marriage tie, for many years afterward was 
regarded as most sacred. So severe were the manners of 
that day that a senator was censured tor improper conduct 
because he had kissed his wife in the presence of their 
daughter. As wealth and luxury increased a great change 
took place in Roman society. Female virtue fell very low, 
and as for the virtue of men, it was scarcely known. Divorces 
became very common. The obligations of marriage were 
treated as of little value, and the most famous men were 
guilty of divorcing their wive.s. 

It is probable that this fashion had extended from Rome 
to Palestine, and that the Jews were guilty of the same 
crimes, for we find our Savior condemning divorce with great 
severity. Nowhere does he utter one word of condemnation 
against marriage. He told the Jews that if they were the 
children of Abraham then they would do the works of 
Abraham. John the Baptist, who denounced with great 
vigor the crimes of which the Jews were guilty, had not one 
word of fault to find with marriage. The Romans in 
that day believed in having one wife at a time; but they 
changed their wives as often as they pleased. Even Cicero, 
the fiiuous orator, put awiiy his wife, and the reason he had 
for doing so is said to be that he desired a new dowry. Cato, 
the philosopher, divorced his wife and gave her to his friend, 
and after the death of the latter, took her again to wife. A 
famous Roman, upon divorcing his wife without any reason, 
defended himself by saying, "My shoes are new and well- 
made, but no one knows where they pinch me." Women 
Iso were efjuilly ready to repudiate their husbands, and 



some of the writers denounced^this evil with great vehemence. 
Martial speaks of a woman who had already arrived at her 
tenth husband; Juvenal of a woman having eight husbands 
in five years; but the most extraordinary recorded instance of 
this kind is related by St. Jerome, who assures us that there 
existed at Rome a wife who was married to her twenty-third 
husband, she herself being his twenty-first wife. Yet these 
people pretended to be shocked at the idea of men having 
more than one wife. The moral purity of the barbarian was 
of a very different character to this. It was chiefly promoted 
by marriage, and when a marriage was once contracted its 
conditions were maintained with fidelity. In this respect 
tkeir conduct stands out in striking contrast with the Roman 
ideas, which have been transmitted to the so-called Christian 
nations. 

The evils under which Christendom at the present time 
groans, have been inherited, to a great extent from the 
Romans. After Christianity came into power marriage was 
repudiated by the priests and every effort was made to make it 
appear a lower condition of life than the unmarried state. 
Monks and nuns multiplied by thousands, who took the most 
solemn covenants to live without marriage. The result of such 
action was deplorable in the extreme. We cannot describe 
it in the paeos of the Juvenile Instructor. The grossest 
crimes were practised under the cover of piety and religion, 
and an idea may be formed of the feelings upon the subject 
when it is known that in some countries, for instance Spain 
and Switzerland, the people were accustomed to insist that 
their priests should take a concubine for the protection of 
the families of his flock. The bad effects of false tradition 
concirning marriage are everywhere visible at the present 
time throughout Christendom. Woman especially suffer 
from the departures from the laws of God. When a Latter- 
dav Saint travels through the cities and nations of the old 
world and in our own land and becomes acquainted with the 
true condition of society his heart must be moved with pity 
for his sisters. Thousands of the best of the sex are made 
slaves of the lusts of men. They are preyed upon by the 
stronger sex and fall victims, helpless victims, because of the 
improper organization of society. If they are guilty of sin 
there is no friendly hand stretched out to assist them. But 
little pity is shown for them, but in the majority of cases they 
are thrust out with the brand of shame upon their brow; 
while the men who are the means of leading them astray 
pass in society without the least condemnation being attached 
to their conduct. In fact, men whose characters in this 
respect are well known mingle freely in the best societj-, and 
it allusion is made to their conduct it is in an apologetic tone. 
But how different it is with their victims! 

We trust that such a condition of affairs as this will never 
exist among the Litter-day Saints. It never can while we 
are true Saints, for men who would be guilty of such crimes 
could have no claims on the Spirit of the Lord and would 
have no standing in His Church. We desire to impress upon 
all the rising generation, upon every one who reads the 
.TiVE.NiLE Instructor that chastity is required as much on 
the part of boys and men as on that of girls and women, and 
in fact the former are held to a greater accountability, because 
they are the stronger .sex and they have a right to the priest- 
hood, to be the leaders in society, to be the strong support of 
their mothers, their sisters, their wives, and their daughters, 
u|ion whom the latter can rely for aid and comfort and whcse 
examples should always be of a character to lift them upward 
and nearer to God. 




W^'' 



g""D"ve:n"iil.e xnsrsTie/Tj otoK;. 




103 



STOK^IT OIP JL TETL-LE^F. 



FAR away in China, on the sunny slopes of the hills, there 
are little bushes just budding in spring-time — bushes 
growing in long even rows, each standin? a few feet apart from 
the next one; and, scattered over this hilly tea-country, are 
roughly built cottages. The people in them grow their own 
rice and vegetables, and every one has its own tea-plants grow- 
ing outside, to supply the family with tea. 





WATERING THE TOUNQ PLANTS. 

As soon as the leaf-buds begin to open oc these plants on 
the hill-side they are all plucked off, and the tea prepared 
from them being the first, is sent about in little packages from 
house to house, every one giving his own in presents to his 
friends. The second gathering begins about May. when the 
leaves have grown again, and are now large and green. The 
cottagers go out, men, 
women and children, to 
work together, leaving 
their doors locked behind 
them for every one is on 
the hills. There they re- 
main all day in groups, 
going from jtlant to plant, 
tearing off the leaves 
fiuickly, and throwing them 
into round flat bi skets 
made of split cane — the 
large Chinese species of 
cane, which grows twelve 
or fifteen feet lii<-'h, and 
is thick and stron.,'— they 
call it bamboo. 

Well, when thoy are 
heaped high with leaves, 
these baskets are carried 
back to the cottages, and 
the drying begins. A fire 
is lighted in a stove of brickwork, a row of flat iron pans 
being let into the top of if, on these the leaves are dropped, a 
few at a time, and presently they begin to crackle from the 
slow heat of the fire underneath, and they arc quite moist 
en they arc taken off again. Next thi'y arc thrown on a 




S^& 



i;atiieutn'( 



table, the top of which is formed of split bamboos, so that it 
is a surface of rounded ridges, all polished. Men and women 
stand around this table, and each takes a little heap of tea- 
leaves, and begins to knead them with both hands, just as 
you may have seen a person making bread. Now and again 

they raise the lump in 
their hands, and shake 
the leaves loose again 
on the table to begin 
the working afresh. 
How funny it must 
look — every one intent 
on his own heap, 
dre.s-ed in loose gar- 
ments, with a flat j'eL 
lowish face, and a long 
plaited tail hanging 
down behina I 

In about five minutes 
the leaves have become 
twisted, and so well 
j^queezed, that four 
baskctsful fresh gath- 
ered could be packed 
into one after this 
kneading; and all the 
while a green juice has 
been oozing out of 
theui. and trickling 
down through the 
crevices of the bamboo 
BRANCH OF THE PLANT. j^ble On to the floor. 

After this they are sometimes dried in the air, but they 
always have again to be heated on the pans over the fire. 
This time they are left there for about an hour, being turned 
and shaken about with a little brush, so that they all catch the 
heat; and at last they are removed, crisp and twisted; all their 
juice is gone; but the flavor, by this careful process, has been 

preserved. 

Now baskets or boxes 
are brought, to hold the 
tea, and a man in clean 
cloth shoes treads on it, 
as fast as it is thrown 
in, to press it closely 
down. Then it is rjady 
for ■a''-. At thi-; time the 
tea-growers may be seen 
going along the roads, 
each with a bamboo pole 
across his .shoulder, and 
a box of tea slung at each 
end o'' it. They are go- 
ing to the country inns 
and taverns, where the 
merchants have come out 
from the towns to meet 
them. They sliow their 
samples; the merchants 
taste and smell and try 




W^^k^'^^^i^i^yi^^^^ 



THE LEAVE: 

j them in various w.iys, until, as fast as the bargains arc made, 

j the tea proprietors go home again, carrying their money. 

The Chinese coins are brass anil copper, with a hole cut in 

each, and by running a string through them the man can 

carry them all lianiring over iiis slioulilcr 





104. 



JTJ^E]3rxr.E! r IDTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




When the merchants receive the tea they have ordered, 
the}- have it packed again for sending to other countries. But 
first it has to be picked and sorted, for all the leaves are not 
alike: and they must be quite even in size and nuality for the 
different kinds of tea. Besides that, some of the tea has to 
be scented, by being left for a Iouk time mixed with flowers — 
orange and jes.samine blc^^soms, and other flowers grown in 
many parts of China specially for the purpose. 

Have you ever hoard of caper tea? They call it caper, 
because the hard round leaves, like little ^hot, resemble the 
flower buds of a jilant called the caper bush. They make it 
in a very curious way: .several pounds at a time are thrown in 
the drying pans, and while it heats, men keep turning it with 
their hands and sprinkling it with water, until it is >oft enough 
to be pressed into any shape. Then it is put into canvas bags. 




PRESSFNIi TEIK I.V.WKS. 

the mouths of which arc iwi~tcii ti.nlitly and clo.sed. Again 
and aL'ain they have to tie the cjnvas tighter, as the ball 
within becomes smaliei- and smaller; but at last all the leaves 
are crushed into little hard grains; then they are taken out, 
for the tea-making is finished. 



Is/:! I S S I O ISr . 



BY EI.DKR C. 




t Continued.) 

THEexperienceof Ki.iiER C. on the occasion of his "debate" 
with Stafford taught him some u.seful lessons, though it 
was very di.sagrecable to him to come in contact, in such a 
manner, with such a bad man. 

During this period of his labors he found it necessary to 
apply hini.self very diligently to the study of Church works, 
particularly the book of Doctrine and Covenants, which apos- 
tates would often quote from to prove him wrong. But he 
could generally see and prove with ea»e that they were "wrest- 
ing the scriptures to their own damnation," and placing false 
and absurd constructions upon many j assages. It was by the 
light and assistance of the Holy Spirit that he was aVile to jier- 
cieve their errors and their wickedness, and to understand 



what the revehitions really did mean. To tell the truth, 
Elder C. had been in the habit of thinking that the book of 
Doctrine and Covenants was rather dry reading, though he 
had studied it mire or less during his boyhood, from a sense 
of duty; but it now became, all at once, in his estimation, a 
mine of vast, inestimable wealth, containing some of the 
most precious truths of eternity. As he perused its sacred 
pages, with the assistance of a portion of the Spirit, they 
unfolded to his mind one glorious principle of truth after 
another till he wondered at his ever having considered that 
book dry reading, and he felt ashamed of evef having done 
so, and repented of his error. The reader of the book of 
Doctrine and Covenants who thinks it dry reading, must be 
destitute of the Spirit of God, the Spirit by which the 
revelations of that book were brought forth. If such 
persons will seek diligently after the Holy Spirit, it will give 
them great joy to read the revelations which the Lord has 
given to His modern prophets and apostles. 

At length Elder C. had occasion to visit the city of Peoria, 
and while there, to call at the office of a newspaper. One of 
the editors had some conveisation with him. The next 
issue of the paper contained a notice of fiis call, which stated 
that he would accept inritations to lecture or preach upon 
subjects connected with the Litter day Saints, or their 
religion, etc. Next day he reeieved a very impolite, offensive 
letter from an apostate source, challenging him to appear 
before an audience in Pcoiia and lecture on certain doctrines 
which the writer accused him of believing in, and then listen 
to a refutation by a certain apostate elder. Having excellent 
reason tor believing that the "refutation" Avould simply 
consist of abuse of himself and his religion. Elder C. treated 
the challenge with silent contemjit, not even troubling 
himself to reply. 

The challenger then published his challenge in the paper 
referred to, in such a form as to constrain Elder C. to reply, 
which he did by publishing a short note, declining the 
challenge and giving, as a principal reason for so doing, "his 
peculiar estimation of the source from which the challenge 
came." This rejily enraged the challenger and his friends, 
and they published an outrageous article against Elder C. 
and his religion, to which he jiaid no attention, as the article 
killed its own influence in the mind of every candid person. 
The apostate elder soon d "slivered a lecture against polygamy, 
a synopsis of which was published. These efforts to forestall 
the spread of truth only served to create a spirit of inquiry 
regarding it, and had a direct tendency to make openings for 
Elder C. 

( To he Continued. ) 



The Arab who has applied himself diligently to the study of 
tracing footsteps, for it is only to be acquired by long practice, 
can generally ascertain, from inspecting the impression — 

1. Whether the footsteps belong to his own or some neighbor- 
ing tribe, and consequently whether friend or foe has passed; 

2. He knows, from the slightness or depth of the impression, 
whether the man who made it carried a load or not; 3. From 
the strength or faintness of the trace, whether he iiassed on 
the same day or one or two days before; and 4. From a certain 
regularity of intervals between the steps, a Bedouin judges 
whether the man is fatigued or not, and hence he can calculate 
the chance of overtaking him. This faculty of distinguishing 
footsteps on the ground extends to horses and camels as well 
as men. 




m 
f 



CTTJ^EISriXjE I3SrSTI2/TJOTOI?.. 



105 




^nestton^ anil ^nswtr^ 

03Sr THE 

book: of 3s^ o I?. n^ oisr . 



LBSSON OX XIV. 

Q — Who visited and preached to the people during the reign 
of Shule? 

A. — Many prophets, who warned the people of the displeasure 
of the Lord. 

Q. — How were the prophets received? 

A. — The people mocked and reviled against them; the king, 
however, caused that they should go wherever they wished, 
and the people were finally hrought to repentance. 

Q.^Who was Shule's successor? 

A. — His son Omer. 

Q.— In his reign what occurred' 

A. — His son Jared rebelled, and, having defeated the king in 
battle, he led him into captivity. 

Q. — How long was he thus kept captive? 

A.— Half his life. 

Q. — How was he finally rescued? 

A. — Two of his sons, angry with the doings oi their brother 
Jared, raised an army, defeated him, and, had it not been for 
his pleadings and promises, would have killed him. 

Q. — Seeing the sorrow of Jared at the loss of the kingdom, 
what did his daughter do? 

A. — She related to him a plan by which he might yet gain the 
kingdom. 

Q. — What was this plan? 

A. — She was to seek favor in the eyes of Akish, a friend of the 
king's, until he would ask her hand in marriage. To this Jared 
would consent if Akisli would bring him the head of the king, 
his father. 

OlsT THE BIBLE. 




Q. — What was the woman's reply to Saul? 

A. — "I saw gods ascending out of the earth." 

Q. — When Saul perceived that it was Samuel what did he do? 

A. — He stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed him- 
self. 

Q.— What did Samuel say unto Saul? 

A. — "Why hast thou disquieted me, to bring ire up." 

Q — What was Saul's answer? 

A. — "I ftm sore distressed; for the Philistines make war against 
me, and God is departed from me, and answereth me no more, 
neither by prophets, nor by dreams; therefore I have called thee, 
that thou mayist make known unto me what I shall do." 

Q.— What did Samuel say in reply? 

A. — "Wherefore then dost thou ask of me, seeing the Lord is 
departed from thee, and is become thine eneiny'i" 

Q. — What further did Samuel say? 

A. — That on account of Saul's disobedience the Lord had given 
the kingdom to David, and that on tbe morrow be and his two 
sons should be slain, and the hoit of Israel delivered into the 
hands of ihe Philistines. 

Q. — Wl e 1 Saul heard these sayings of Samuel, how was he 
affected? 

A.— He fell upon the earth, and was sore afraid. 

Q.—What did the woman then say unto Sauiy 

A.— She besought him to eat, thai he might have strength to 
go on his way. 

Q._What was Saul's reply? 

A. — 'I will not eat." 

Q —What did Saul's servants then do? 

A..— Thoy, with the woman, finally compelled him to eat. 

Q —After Saul and bis servants had eaten, what did they doT 

A.— They arose and went awai'. 



^jia^fer jjaii lite ||ilile !0ncH, 



THE NEW BABY. 



One cold, bright day in mid win-ter, 
fatli-er said to my lit-tle sis-ter and my- 
self, "You may go in-to your moth-er's 
bed-room, she has some-thing nice to show 
you." 

Won-der-ing what it could be, we went 
to the room, hand in hand. 

Moth-er was in bed, and by the fire sat 
an old la-dy with some of our el-der sis- 
ters stand-ing a-round her. We were told 
to come and look at some-thing the old 
la-dy had on her lap, rolled up in flan-nel. 
0! it was a ba-by! A ti-ny, red-faced 
ba-by; the young-est and small-est Ave 
had ev-er seen. 

The old la-dy said she found it in the 
snow, and think-ing we would like to have 
it, she had giv-en it to our moth-er. We 
were ver-y glad, and thought the lit-tle 
thing ex-tra fine. 

A few weeks be-fore this new ba-by 
came, fath-er had brought home a new cow 
with a young calf. Sis-ter and I, in play- 
ing with the pet calf, had just found out 
that lit-tle horns were be-gin-ning to grow 
out of its head. Some-how, this won-der- 
ful thing came to my mind as I lf)ok-ed at 
the ba-by, and I sup-pose I must have 
thought that ba-bies were boi-n with>out 
ears like calves with^out horns. For 
when I saw that the lit-tle new-com-er 
had ears, I made known my sui'-j)rise by 
calKing out, "0! moth-er, he's got ears 
aUread-y!" Then we woiiMlered at his 
be>ing a-ble to o-pen his eyes the tirst day, 
when the kit-tens could not o-jumi theirs 
for a week af-ter llic old cat l)roiiglit 
them. LULA. 

(^ Fit he ( 'oiililltlcil) 





lOS 



JTJ'VElIN-II-iE insrSTIS/XTCTOI?/. 




||iograijhg. 






( Continued. ) 



OX September ord: 1S3T, a coutorenc-e was held at Kirtland 
for the purpose of reorganizing ihe Church. At that>.on- 
fe.ence one of Joseph's counselors — Frederick G. Williams- - 
was not sustained; also three of the Twelve Apostles, and 
several members of the High Council and other officers, were 
objected to. Luke Ji^hnson. liVUian E. Johnson and John F. 
Boyuton were the names of the throe Apostles who weie not 
sustained. The two last named had le't their calling and gone 
to selling goods. John F. Boyhton attempted to ju^tify him- 
self before the conference for his conduct; but Filder Brigham 
Young, in a plain and energetic manner, strongly protested 
against such a c lur.se, and stated his reasons why he could 
not receive him into fellowship uutil there should be a hearty 
repentance and confession on his part. Buynton made still 
further remarks; but with the spirit he then had, he could not 
satisfy tho congregation, and they voted to that tifect. The 
failure of the Kirtland Bank was the cau<e, he said, of his 
difficulties. When men fall into darkness they feel inclined 
to blame everybody but themselves for the trouble they get 
into. They are all right; there has been nothing improper 
about their conduct; but somebody else has committed some 
great wrong. This is a trick ot the devil, children, and you 
should never let a spirit of that kind have any power over 
you. 

John F. Boynton said that he thought the bank had been 
commenced ty the will of G jd, and he hid been told that it 
should never fail, let man do what he would ! In reply to 
this, Joseph said, that if this had been told to him, no one 
had the right from him to say so, for he had always said that 
unless the bank was conducted on righteous principles it 
would not stand. All who were present who had the Spirit of 
the Lord, knew that Jo-seph spoke the truth, because they 
knew that Gjd would not suitain a bank, or anything else in 
His Church, that wis not coiilajte 1 in a proper manner. 

The Kirtland S ifoty Society, or Bmk, was e-t.iblished by 
tlie direction of Joseph for the benefit and advantage of the 
Saints. Tho.se who were faithful sustained it by their faith 
and work.s; but the dishonest took advantage of every oppor 
tunity they could to speculate and swindle. It was on this 
account that Joseph withdrew from it. and afterwards pub- 
lished a caution to the people, warning them about the 
.schemes of those wicked men. Brother Brigham Young was 
the first to discover the roguery th*t was being practiced by 
those men. He had deposited some money in the bank, 
which, while it had boon in his i)os.se.ssion, he had put a pri 
vate mark on. He wished to help a family to emigrate to 
Mis.souri, and hid occasion to sell a pi(;ce of land for that pur- 
pose. Oliver Cowdery was the purcha.xcr. He was to pay 
for it in Kirtland bank money. Brother Brigham supposing 
that he would be helping the hank by taking up money that 
was in circulation. As .soon as he commenced to count 
the money he .saw they were his niiirked bills which he had 
deposited a few days before in the bank, and which ought to 



then be in its vaults. Warren Parrish was the principal 
operator in this bur-iness. He had his partners; and they did 
not stop until they had taken out all the money there was in 
the bank, and also signed and issued all the notes they could. 
Many of the Elders and Saints were very desiruos to keep up 
the credit of the paper, and they would sell any thing they 
had for it, to take it up. This gave Parrish and his confeder- 
ates great opportunities to swindle the Saints and obtain their 
property; for when the money was redeemed and returned to 
the bank, in.stead of being retained, it was taken out again 
and given to speculators and gamblers to repeat, the same pro 
cess by buying up more property. All th s was done without 
the knowledge of the prophet Joseph, or the directors, they 
having issued orders that the money should be retained in the 
bank as fast as received. 

At an assembly of the Church in the Lord's bouse, on 
Sept. 10th, Luke and Lyman E. Johnson and John F. Boyn- 
ton came forward and made their confessions an ] were received 
into lellow.ship by the vote of the Church, with the privilege 
of retaining their apostleship. But you will see that they did 
not retain it long. Joseph having been appointed, with his 
counselor Sidney Rigdon, at a conference, to travel and estab- 
lish places of gathering for the Saints, they left Kirtland 
on September "iTth for that purpose. They traveled to Mis- 
-ouri. During the absence of Josenh from Kirtland on this 
mi slon, the above rai ed m n, w. h W; r > n Parrl-h and Jcs:ph 
Coe, and some others, united together for the overthrow of 
the Church. Soon after Joseph's return to Kirtland, Decem- 
ber 10th, this dissenting band openly and publicly renounced 
the Church of Jesus Christ ot Latter-day Saints, and claimed 
that they were the old standard. They called them.selves the 
Chulch of Christ, but dropped the name of Saints. They 
said that Joseph was a fallen prophet and that he and the 
Church were heretics. As all apostates do, they had to show 
their blindness. In dropping the name of Saints they thought 
the}' were making an improvement; but they forgot that the 
Lird had said, through the prophet Daniel, that the Saints 
should possess the kingdom. 

While Joseph was in Missouri he met in council with the 
Elders and Saints, and regulated matters connected with the 
town site of Far West, it was also decided that there was 
sufficient room in the county for the Saints to continue gather- 
ing there from abroad. The previous summer, ( August .'jth, 
is:;7, 1 the authorities of the Church in ^lissouri had resolved 
in council to go on moilerately and build a house unto the name 
ot the Lord in Far West. AVhen Joseph arrived there he 
counseled that the building of that house should be po.stponed 
until the Lord should reveal it to be His will to have it com- 
menced. A general assembly of the Church was also called 
tKgcther, and jiarticulars of the recent re- organization of the 
Church at Kirtland were given. At this meeting Frederick 
G. Williams was not .sustained as counselor to Joseph, and 
Hyrum Smith was nominated and sustained in his stead. 
There was a president and two assistant jiresidents over the 
('hiirch in Zion — l)avid Whitmer, .lohn Wliitmer and W. W. 
I'helps. They were objected toby the Church; but they made 
confession and .satisfaction and were sustained in their posit'oas. 
( To Ije C'tnliimed. ) 



Ini.ENKss is the most corrupting fly that can blow on the 
human mind. People learn to do ill by doing what is next to 
it — nothing. Occupation is one of the very best safeguards 
a,'ainst vice. 



fa&s: 





j-TJv:H]isriLE! insrsTi^TJOToi^. 



107 




I G -A_ IT. 



OF course you can. You show it in your looks, in your 
motion, in your speech, in your everything. I can ! A 
brave, hearty, substantial, soulful, manly, cheering express- 
ion. There is character, force, vigoi, determination, will, in it. 
We like It. The words have a spirit, sparkle, pungency, flavor, 
gonia'ity, about them, which takes one in the very right place. 

I can ! There is a world of meaning expressed, nailed down 
epigramized, rammed into these few letters. Whole sermons 
ot solid ground virtues. How we more than admire to hear 
the young man speak it out bravely, boldly, determinedly; as 
though it was an outsearching ot his entire nature, a reflec- 
tion of his inner soul. It tells of something that is earnest, 
sober, serious; of something that will battle the race, and 
tumble with the world in a way that will open and brighten 
and mellow man's eyes. 

I can ! What spirit purpose, intensity, reality, power and 
praise. It is a strong arm, a stout heart, a bold eye, a firm 
port and indomitable will. We never knew a man, possessed 
of its energy, vitality, fire and light, that did not attain emin- 
ence of some sort. It could not be otherwise. It is in the 
nature, constitution, order, necessity, and cour.-eot events that 
it should be so. I can! rightly, truly said, and then clinched 
and rivoted by the manly, heroic determined deed, is the 
secret solution and philosophy of great men's lives. They took 
"lean!" for amotto, and went forth, and steadily made them- 
selves and the world what they plea-:ed. 

Then, young man, if you would befomethig te.sides a com- 
mon dusty, prosy, wayfarer in life, just put these magic words 
upon your lips, and their musing, hopeful expanding philo- 
sophy in your hearts and arms. Do if, and you are made a man. 



S \T 1<T ID J^'YT XjESSOITS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



BISTORT OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON LII. 




Q. — What took place after Governor Boggs gave an order to 
drive the Saints out o' the State of Missouri? 

A. — Many of the Saints were Icilled at Hiiun's mill by the 
mob. 

Q. — "What else took place about this time' 

A. — A large army of the mob went towards the city of Far 
West. 

Q. — What were they going for? 

A. — To Kill the Saints and burn their houses. 

Q.— What did they do at this time? 

A.— They took Joseph, the prophet and many of his brethren 
]:irisoners. 

Q. — How wa? this brought about? 

A.— By the false promises made to Joseph by George M. 
flinkle. 

Q. — What office did George M. Hinklo hold among the Saints? 

A.— He was co.onol of the militia in Far West. 

Q.— Did he act the part of a friend by betraying the jirophet 
into the hands of his enemies? 

A. — No, he was a traitor. 

Q.— What was done with Joseph and his brethren? 

A. — They were abused and insulted and threatened with death. 

Q. — What else was done? 

A —General Lucas ordered all the arms of the brethren to be 
taken from them. 

Q.— While on their way to Independence what promise did 
the Lord make to Joseph? 

A.— That not one of their lives should be taken. 



Q. — Did Josep',1 tell this to the brethren? 
A.— Yes, and told them to be of good cheer. 
Q.— On their arrival at Independence what happened? 
A.— They preached and talked to a great many people who 
came to see them. 



T H JL ItT IC IP TJ Xj IT E S S . 



BY ROLLO. 



' OOME old man" is reported as saying: "I never grumbled 

O but once, and that was when I had no shoes; but I met 
a man who had no feet, and I became contented, and thank- 
ful that I was not worse off than I am." 

The above speaks volumes, but I iear that there are few 
persons who possess such a spirit as did the old gentleman 
just quoted. If they did have it, it would undoubtedly be 
something for them to be proud of. We are sure that if the 
world in general would only accept the truth of the above 
statement, and try t . practice the seiuiiuent therein expns-ed, 
it would prove a great comloit and ble.'sing to all who did so. 
But we continually heai- persons expressing dissatisfaction at 
their position in liCe. Tlicy want to got on faster. If they 
possess the necessaries they long for the luxuries of life, 
that they suppo e are necessary for their complete happiness, 
in this world at least; and they never seem to think that there 
are millions of people tar worse off than themselves. 
' Laugh at the simplicily of the old gentleman, if you will, 
or smile at the queer manner in which he expressed his views, 
but you cannot deny the wi>dun contained in, and the consola- 
tion he derived from ihc rpiotation. 

And will not our readers adapt this to themselves? If you 
have not as much, of this world's goods as you might wish 
tor, or if you are placed in a different position from that you 
would like to occupy, be thiinkfnl that it is no worse. If you 
are not as wealthy as your neighbor Fitzhugh, you may be far 
happier than he. And although your neighbor Jones may 
not posses as much worldly goods as yourself, he may be mm h 
hap])i"r than yim ever dreamed of 

And thus it 's; wealth docs not always bring happiness, nor 
poverty unhappiness. A certain degree of anxiety to accum- 
ulate wealth is commendable; it is an incentive to industry; 
.and, too, it is frequently accomiianied with an unselfish desire 
to provide better for the creatures that (lod has placed in our 
caie. A distinction, however, is to be made between this 
leeling and (piality and that which is tf rmed avarice, an undue 
amount of which almost invariably brings misery up in the 
possessors. All of us have our failings — "no man can say he 
has no .sin. ' But we should try and amend o\ir shortcomings, 
be diligent, earnest and jiersevering, and thank (!od that our 
conditions are no worse. How many things we have to bo 
thankful for! We may have cause to wish that some things 
that have occurred to us had never happened, but there is 
nothing that befalls us but what we can profit by if we will 
only try. AVe may turn the worst of affliction to some account, 
and thus profit by the experience. 

No doubt there are some of the readers of the In.stiuictor 
who wish that they were better situated in life, but if they 
will only compare their position with that of thou.«ands of 
persons in the large cities of the world, they will readily see 
that they are murmuring without a just cause; and they will 
also see that millions of i)eople in the world are far worse off 
than the juveniles of this Territory ever dreamed of. Then, 
dear readers, be thankful, truly thankful, that your lot is no 
worse. 




7 



108 



J-U^EIsrilLjEi IISrSTI^/TJOTOI?. 




O-O "V^HIEIT THE ■M:OI^ITinsrC3- SECHNTJIiTH:. 



Music by E. Stephens. 




-r--g— S- — X-S-«*-*-H-£^-g:J-3 -*-*- -S-g= *-^-^ -8: ^-S-f: -* — ^-S— ^-*— 



D. C. 






do when the morniai; 
Go when tlie morning 
Praj' then for all who 
Pray then to God irin 



shin-eth, Go when the noon is 

shiueth, Go at the close of 

love thee, All who are loved by 

cerely Pray for His ho - ly 



.1 — ,^_i^_^_. — 






dim. - 






bright, 
day, 
thee, 
li^ht, 



Go when the eve de 

And, in thy cham - ber 
Pray too for those who 
Rich blessirgs He will 



T-V- 



IS- 



-p 



ffuff::ff_:ffi 



--t^ 






:tzi 



Fine 






. 1 clineth, 
! kneeling, 



2 hate thee 
grant thee, 

'-9- 



Go in the hush of 
Do thou in secnH 
If a ny such there 
If on-ly asked a 



night; Go with pure mind and leelings. 
Then for thy-self, in meekness. 



Dray, 
be: 

right 



Send earthly thoughts a - 
God's blessing humbly 



t--^-- 



^ilislliEi»ilii 



-m--t»- -m- 



:?5 



-m- m -m- 



-)m=^—^- 



'-$ 



e =zr«z=rrz=:— p^#=:«ii:*— |»=:?ir=?-q 




rail 



^=2Pl^^lii?^«li!l»l?=l=s 



And, in thy chamber 
And join with each pe 



,p^^=^^- 



-Jt—f:- 



— ^-/^--i 1 , — —-J- — ^ — 

1 1 ^ 5(5 1 1^ ^ 



kneeling, 
tition, 

-» — w — 



-*- 


— (•— ' 


=S: 


~S^= 


=r1 


^#- 


(B 


ifl5= 


=s 


Do 


> 

thou 


in 


secret 



r— r- 



Z). c. 



%'i 



Thy groat Re - deemer's 



pray, 
name. 






It; 



D. C. 






-X=:- 






-W- 
-I — 



i?.Ei=i]nsrTA.isrcE. 



BY W. WILLKS. 



\v lifter sin we jorrow feel, 
Then will the Lord forgive, 

And for the sake of Jesus heal, 
If wo His word believe. 

We must roi>ent, or else the Lord 
"Will nut I'ur .-ins forgive; 

For He has tuld us in his Word 
Tliat we might turn and live. 

We must forsake all evil ways 

And restitution make, 
To God devote our future daj'S, 

To righteousness awal<c. 

Then let us search our hearts t' 

If sin is hidden there, 
Lest we should be to evil hlind 

And left in dark despair. 

Tlcpontnnce is a safe retreat 
For sinners, grent or small, 

To lay their sin^ at Jesus' feet 
Then lee us heed the call. 



E zsT I a- im: j^ 



BY F. J. W. HEWLETT. 



lind 



A friendless old man who lived by himself 

Had to do his own cooking— unfortunate elf I 

One morning he went, on leaving his hut, 

Kight straight to the butcher's, to have my first cut; 

But when he returned to his door, upon looking, 

Found his fire had gone out— alas! for his cooking! 

So he went to a wood, that grew close by the door, 

And my sEco>'D collected— an armful or more. 

Kneeling down by the hearth, ho kindled a fire. 

While he watched the bright flames leap higher and higher. 

Xow the whole try and solve, and so find out my plan — 

They are used much in China, and also Japan. 

CTTJ'VEITIXjE I3SrSTK>XJOTOI^ 
Is Publi.shcd in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST i FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 




Bound Yolu.mes. — We have now on hand at this Oflace 
(in addition to the previous volumes), in bound form, Volume 
Er.EVEX, of the Jivenile IxsTKiCTfiK, published in 1876. 

ice $3 on. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^^"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. . 




