a- 



*Q)^' 









1^.^ 





VOL. 6. 



SALT LAICE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1871. 



NO. 11. 



FE.EITOI3: :fxjEet sj^xlihstg- foti, the bjlltio. 



BOLDLY aud gallantly these ships are steaming away to 
their destination. It is easy to perceive that they are ves- 
sels of war, and from their number that the voyage is an impor- 
tant one. It is the French ironclad fleet, which sailed out from 
Cherbourg a few days after the French declaration of war 
against Prussia, with the intention of going to the Baltic whore 
it was expected to operate against the I'russians. The vessels 
had plenty of provisions given them for a long voyage, and the 
olhcers and sailors expected, very likely, to do the Prussians a 
great amount of 
damage. The 
French navy was 
so nuich 1 a r g c r 
than that of Prus- 
sia, that it was 
confidently 
thought it would 
inflict serious 
damage upon the 
i'russian ji o r t s, 
and that whatever 
the result of the 
contest on land 
uiiglit be, there 
could be no diiul)t 
about the Frendi 
b"iiig easy victiir.s 
(.11 (lii^ sea. liiiL 
in t li i s, a s i ii 
cverytliin g el si' 
connected witli 
thi.s remark a b 1 e 

war, the Frcndi anticij)ations wore not realized. The fleet 
aeeomiilisbcil little or Odlliing. Uy u-iiig torpedoes at the 
mouths of tiii'ir rivers, a?id ^.-ilong their coasts, the Prussians 
kept the FriMieli sliijis at liay. They dare not enter the waters 
wlien^ these di'ailly instruments of destruction were placed, for 
fear they Would be blown up. 

This fleet which went to the Baltic made strenuous eff'ort.s to 
effect a landing an<l destroy the cfiuntri' around ; but the Prus- 
sians had placed everything in a aimpletc state of defense, with 
a large army to guard the coast between the forls. 

The .Vnieriians liavi^ very excellent rejisims fir lliioking 
liigliiy of (he I'reneli navy ; for it remlered very great aid to 
our coimlry in the war of the Jlevoliitinn. When the ICarl of 
Cornwallis commander of uiut of the I'lilish ;iniiii's, was at 



Yorkt<.iwri, Washington was exceedingly anxious to close the 
war by a bold stroke ; and to accomplish this, he gathered all 
his troojis and directed them against the British at that point. 
By his energy he succeeded in concentrating over sixteen thou- 
sand men, composed of regular American troops and militia, 
and also French. But Com wallis would have received aid from 
Sir Henry Clinton, the commandcr-m-chief, at New York, had 
it not been for the timely aid of the French navy. Count de 
I Grasse was the commander of the fleet, and he .succeeded in 

preventing Admi- 
ral Graves, the 
eoumiaiider of the 
British fleet, fiimi 
coumum i c a t i n g 
with Cornwallis. 
They f o u g h t a 
jiartial action, dur- 
ing which b o t li 
sides lost a good 
many oiricers and 
men, and one of 
the English ships 
was so damaged, 
that after takiig 
out her people and 
stdH's I hey set 
iire 1(1 and burned 
lier. (irav<'s, aftei- 
nwnaining sonut 
days and liniUng 
the entrance to 
th(! Che.siip e a k o 
bIoeke(l up by a force with which be eonid not contend, with 
an.v hope of success, n-lnrrieil tn Xew Vork, fearing if he 
stopjied any longer lie would be caught in tiie eiininoetial gales. 
Cornwallis was thus left to bis fat<', and was compelled to sur- 
render to Washin.gton, wliieh terminated the War ol' (lie l!evo- 
lution. 

Sjieakingof Count de (irasse, Wa.shington afterwards .saiil: 
"His name will be long deservedly dear to this country on 
■lecountof his .successful co-operation in (lie glorious camp.iign 
ofl7Sl.'' 

1'he l''reiieh navy w;is (lieM li'/liliiiL' in a l' 1 (■.■inse, and was 

greatly Messed as (he means (if h('l[iiiig (o es(alilish liberty upon 
this land. 

'I'hev had a IukI cause in tlic l.ite war with Pl■u,■.^i:l. 




,i5 



'I^C^ 






ss 






JTJ"V"EnsriXjE IZ^STI^TJOTOI^ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

i 



#)rifmisfrM of Sommurt C)Tniia5» 



I=YK.ITES-3SrO 2. 



^yillLK. it may be .slid of pyrites, truthfully, tliat •all is 
\ T uiit L'lild tliat glkters" we would not by any iiieatis con- 
,^idcr that all i)yrites aro worthless, oven for the gold contained 
thurc-iii. The gold way be distributed invisiljly throughout the 
mass of iiyrite, and amount to only the five thousiindeth part, 
and yet be recovered i)rulitably. it is said. It is frequently 
when the pyrites are perished as such, by decomposition, tliat 
gold is distinguishable to the eye; although, at times metallic 
gold may be seen curiously blended with the pyrites. 

There is a variety of i)yrites that is very beautiful and I'c- 
niarkable, it has a tarnish that frc(iueutly resembles the colors 
nf tlie rainbow. This kind is named on that account "irides- 
cent pyrites," this variety does not usually form in cubes, it is 
a sidiihide of cojijier and iron, there are sjiccimens td' this 
interesting mineral in om' Mu.^eum. 

Now the studeut may readily know the true jiyrite, (iron 
]iyrites) from clialco-pyrite (coi)per pyrites) by the inferior 
hardness of the last named variety, by scratching the surface 
with a knife. The name of this mineral signifies "brass 
pyrites," friim chalcos. the ancient name of a yellow kind vi 
copjier ore, a large amoimt of this ore is reduced in tlie west of 
KnL'land for the aijiiier it contains. 

The changes jiyrites tmdergo in the earth are the result of the 
instability nf compounds contauiing .-^tilphur. Some of our most 
pli-asing minends are the re.-<ult of changes of this natiu-e. 
I'yrile liy oxidation, pa.s.ses into un oxide of iron after absorbing 
sufficient oxygen to become <i siJphate of iron. Then the c;ir- 
botiates of lime, in water, carry (jff the suljihui-ie acid of the 
sulphate of imn ( green vitriol ) the sulphuric acid combining with 
the lime forming sulphate of lime (gyp.s-um). The carbonic acid 
then set free, unites with .surrounding oxides in various pro- 
liortioas, forming carbonates. Tln' much admired blue and 
green carbonates of copper from the "Jbimmoth lode" of Tin- 
tic, and of other places are oxides id' coiiper, that have lieen 
acted upon in tliis manner. Somotimes lime al.so combines, 
fnrniing ■iiinc mahchite" a mineral of a fine green tint and 
silky lustre. 

IVrliaps th'' us • of |iyrit''s is never .'^een to better advantage 
th.an in the manufacture of ornaments and articles of jewelry ; 
at a cli.staticc tlie brilliance of soiuc varieties is eiiual to that of 
.j)iiif> gem.s. They ar^- in liict geni.s differing from those 
ordinarily n.ssd a.s .siieh in lieing opaque, in.stead of transptirent. 
Sonii' "if the mo.st singidar and pleasing optical toys may be 
made by tlie ingenious, by the skilful arrangement of pyrit<'s. 
Two pieces of 1'Kiking-gla.s.s havi' to be .set in a Ikix at right 
an'.:les. that is to furm an angli' of nincl.v d'-gives. or ()uait<'r of 
a circle. Small pieces nf pretty nii-ks, Vjesides Jiyrile.s, may be 
ns;d with advantau'e. The whcle should be ma.'^sed in such a 
iiianner that a nflection from the surfaces of the glass may 
show eaeh variety id' rock as far a.s practicalile. In this way, 
I lea.xing optical illusions are made; and, a little prai-tic(' and 
ingenuity will .•«ion make an.v one an expert in maimfacturing 
.-omc of tlie mo.st pleasing ideal views of the rocks of Utah. ]n 
this way alfj small piec<;.s of hxiking 2la.s.s that are now thrown 
away a.H u.seles{», may be made u.seful. as they may be cut into 
shape liy a glazier; or the toy looking gla.ss nia.v be used for 
this i)ur|H.se, and, the time "f many young wtudent.-j be sjient in 
a pleasing and prnfilatile manner. 

There i> .vet au'ith'/r varict.v of jivrites to bo notier^d. because 
it occurs among our ndncrals, this contains nickel. ]t is of a 
wliit>- i-i'lor resembling .silver, aiel l'pi|U'iilly lui^l.-iki n f^.r that 



?S"^- 



metal. This kind contains arsenic, its formula wiU show its 
ctmstituents, Pe 2S plus Fc 2 As, it is frequently seen in erys- 
taline rocks, and generally an associate of minerals tliat contain 
silver. 

The nature of jiyrites, is now jiretty well known, they are no 
longer "fool's gold" to tho.se who exercise the observant facul- 
ties. Instances have been known where ])ersons have hidden 
uj! large quantities of p.\'rites in cellars and concealed ]ilaces, so 
that wluMi the good time came to sell out with safety tlie.\' 
could be the wealthiest of a community. Alas ! disappoint- 
ment attended such labor ; the way to wealth is by well directed 
honest industry, gold always costs as muc-h as it is worth in 
labor, to any body of people who seek after it. The way to 
make wealth of jiyrites, is to utilize the siU]iluir contained 
therein, to change it into suljihuric acid, and manufacture the 
.sidpliatcs (d' iron (green vitriol) alumina (alum) and for otlu^r 
mordants, articles u.sed in fixing colors in dying, as well as for a 
large nundicr of things that add to the comfort, elevation and 
wealth of all. 

BI'^TH. 



I^ET"E2.:B3SrOK:iyIII]ISrT. 



Read beforf <i mcrting of the Youmj Lddim' Cooperative 

RtireiKhmciit Associition of the \'Mh Word. 
Younfi Ladies— 

It is necessary for us to keep this subject before our minds. 
Wo must not oidy exjiross our good intentions, but wo must 
jiractice them. 

Retrenchment, as we are called to act uiion it, signifies, reduc- 
tion, lessening or leaving ofl' in fdl.v and vaiuty, not onl,v in 
dress extravagance, but in all that jiortains to the jiride and 
fashion of the world, which is in opposition to the spirit of tlu' 
gospel. 

This movement has been startcil none too soon, for the 
daughters of Zion needed stirring up to the .subject; and now, 
that we are aroused to the iuqKU'ta.nce of beconung noble 
Women, instead of dolls of fashion and vanity, we should realize 
that the evil one, will jilaee greater temptations and obstai^les 
in our path, and b.v every artifice, S"ek to entici' us to serve bini 
instead of the true and living (Jod. 

Oui- FatlnT in heaven will bless and susl.;iin us in our good 
endeavors, if we will only be steadfast anil energetic; a.nd we 
nm.st remember lliat earh and every niie must "dare and do" 
|-ight fin- herself. 

As far ;'.s folly and extravagance in dress are i-oneei-ii'Ml, I 
feel that the other sex is more or less at fault. The influem r 
of our gentlemen friends is not in the direction to .strengthen 
r.'form. Ladies do not ,l'o to extremes and overdress and orna- 
ment themselves so much to please and fa.scinate each othei-, 
as to attract the admiration of (he other sex. And wheievev 
men eea.se to pay more attention to gaudily-dressed foolish 
girls, than tic mod"sl, .seimitih' and uii.-issuming ones, it will 
have a tenih'ncy to stinmlate the would-be i'ashionables to 
emulate the wise and good, and .seek to become noble help- 
mates in the kingdom of (iod. J?ut we niu.st not w.iit for llii- 
-it is for us to s 't an e.;ample le( iiIIcts Col. 



favorable crisi.s- 
low. 



Z. Vf. 



NVIini f!iiie' is regarded as 111'- end. and niei'it :i:- only lli ■ 
means, men are apt to ili>|irii.->e v.'iili llie l:i(lri\ il' ihr fin-mrr 
can be had without il. 



A I'.SNCKK once .said to Socrates, " '\'ou I 
loiiL' nil line leg as 1 can.' "True," repliid the 
■bill a '.■onsi' can." 



an't stand i-n 
pliilosophoj', 



'0* 




0" TJ ^ E 3Sr I Ij E I3SrSTI?.TJOTOI?.. 



^ 



S3 



>& 






ns^ET^'S I?. E "W J^ K. D . 



"Sweet and low, ewoet and low. 
Wind of tlip western sea," 
sang 3Ieta, as she sat in the plain though conifortablo farm 
house kitdien, shelling peas; and Aunt Faith, hearing her from 
up-stairs where she was making the beds, said softly to herself, 
while a sympathizing smile broke over her comfortable, homely 
face, " How that child does love poetry." And ever and anon, 
as some sweet strain was wafted up to her through the open 
window, and "Sleep, my little one, sleep, my pretty one, 
sleep," eame in soft cadences to her ear, she would stop her 
work and listen, and feel for the child so all alone in the world 
ill regard to sj-mjiathizing hearts, tbougii surrounded by so 
many people. 

Little Bleta ( for thfiugh .she was sixteen .vears old, she was so 
delicate that every one called her little ) was the only daughter 
of a large family. Her father, Farmer Hardy, married early in 
life, and brought his wife immediately home to his large and 
well-stocked farm ; and ff)r the forty years of their married life 
they had lived very haiiiiily together, for he needed no intellec- 
tual companionshi]), and she was well content with the homely 
round of duties that each day brought her, and with the rough 
though hearty love of the hale old farmer. Their children had 
all been hoys (eleven brave .sons U> gladden the mother's heart), 
when, one beautiful simiig day, God sent them a little daughter 
to be the .sunshine nt' then- home. But, as neighbor Gray's 
wife said, "How could Met;i, that delicate, blue-eyed, .sunny- 
haired little creature, ever he. the child of rough Farmer Hardy 
and his wife." And, indeed, it did seem strange; for as .she 
grew up .she seemed ditferent, set apart from, and intellectually 
superior, to all those around her. 

Poor Meta, no one ever seemed to take any interest in what 
interested her. Her father would laugh and pinch her ears — 
for he was always good-natured when^ Meta was concerned — 
when she mentioned books, and tell her she liad much better 
learn how to milk the cows than to bo jioring over all that stuflF 
that she called poetry. Her mother was a hard-working wo- 
man, who worked for the real love of it, and whoso ideas never 
ro.se above butter-making and pickling, and she wovdd scold at 
the girl for spending so much of her time in what seenicd to her 
but nonsen.se. On tliis morning, when we .see the little book- 
worm at her homely occupation, Mrs. Hardy had gotten into a 
worse atiiUi than usual over Metas " foolery"' as she called it, 
and had even gone to the length of hiding away her dearly 
cherished book of poetry. But still .she sang from memory one 
of her best beloved little gems, though the tone of her voice was 
rather sad, and hence the .symjiathy of good Aunt Faith, who 
was the only one of the whole hou.sehold who seemed to under- 
stand Meta at all. Now Aunt Faith was no relation of the 
family, for though Meta and all the boys called her "Aunt," 
still .she was nothing mon' than what they call "help'' in the 
cfjuntry ; but by her kindness and goodness of heart, she had 
made herself very much loved by all who knew her, and 
especially by Jlcta, for .voung fljlks arc ready to find out a 
sympathizing heart atjd cling to it. But the singing stopped, 
and Met4i sat with her peas half shelled, lost in a reverie. 

At last she .said, half aloud, "I wonder why I should not 
write .some poetry ! I love it so — O, so inuch — and it seenjs t<i 
nic I could very easily put some of the.'<e many, many thoughts, 
that come thronging thnpugh my brain, on i)aper. At any rat*', 
I mean to try," and over Wi'iit tlu^ basket with the pea-pods, 
and away flew Meta t'j her own room, and in two minutes she 
was m licr favorit*; .seat by the open window, her |ie]i hardly 
nuuiirig fast enough to keep up with her ideas. 

J)inner time eame, anil no Meta ; and just as the sun had 
ki.ssed his hand U> the little whit<;, fleecy clouds all around him, 
making tliiMu blush at his audacity, slie awoke from lier long 
but liap|)y work — awoke to find that she had written uncon- 



sciously the longing desire of her heart. What so natural as 
that she shotJd tell of the yearning of the human heart for 
sympathy? Wliat so beautiful as her jileasing, touching prayer 
to all, to every one of God's cliildren to hold out the hand of 
kindly brotherhood to the least of His creatiu-es? And what 
so grand, so comforting as her reiteration of the gi-eat .solace for 
us all — the unlimited love and sympathy of our Heavenly 
Father. 

In a poor, meanly-furnished gan-et bedroom in the heart of a 
great city, and by the light of a single candle, a boy sat reading. 
His large, brown eyes had that longing look which tells his 
story only too plaiidy to the eyes that choose to interpret it — 
the loneliness of the heart. One could sec at a glance that no 
caressing mother's hand had rested on that broad white brow 
since he was a little child, and the drawn lines around the mouth 
told of suffering both of mind and body. He had a torn news- 
paper in his hand, and was eagerlj' reading the contents, for it 
is not often that he en.jo.ved the jjrivilege of reading anything ; 
for hard work and a cruel master had done all they coidd to 
crash any noble aspirations out of his mind. 

But something had caught his eye, and he bent with gieater 
interest over the jiaper, as he .spied, in one corner, a little 
poem. 

"Misunderstood." Tlie very name brought the tears to his 
eyes, and, as he read on, they rolled down his cheeks, and he 
cried like a child. He read to the end, and then threw down 
the paper and fell on his knees, jiraying as he had not prayed 
since he knelt at his mother's knee and lisped, " Our Father 
who art in heaven." 

O, how those ver.ses touched his heart 1 How perfectly they 
portrayed his own feelings 1 Surely some one must have been 
in his very situation to have written them ; .some one must have 
yearned, as he did, for sympathy in this drear.v world. 

But to go to Crod for it. That was a new idea t<") him — a 
startling and, at first, a fearful idea. But, O, how calm, how 
tranquil he felt after he had gone to the Lord with his troubles. 

Siu-ely Christian, of whom John Bunyan wi'ote in his I'il- 
grim's Progress, did not feel more thankful when, at the sight 
of the Cross, his bundle fell from (.)ft' his Ijack and he was free. 

Years passed, and Meta Hardy grew to be a woman. A 
brilliant and honored writer in the literary world. She found 
.sympathy and friends as .she became .successful ; but her truest 
joy has ever been that she le<l one .soul, now doubly dear, to 
God, and that her first little poem, the out-pouring of her heart 
on that sunny summer day of long ago, was the heaven-.seni 

guide. 

" He prayetU best wlio leaves nngiiessed 
The mystery of another's lireast. 
Why cheeks grow pale, wliy eves o'erflow. 
Or heads grow white, thou need'st nut kn(.w. 
Enouiih to note, by many a sitrn. 
That cTcrj- heart hath need Uke thine. 

I'lay for us." Selected. 



KEEP AWAY FEOM THE WHEELS.— Little Charles 
Williams lived near a manufactory, and he was very fond of 
going among the workmen and the young people who were at 
work there. The foreman would say to him, "Keep away 
from the wheels, Charlie." Charlie did not uihid, and would 
often say, "I can tjike care of myself" Often he would go 
near, and the wind of the whc^els woulil .-duiost suck him in. 
and two or three times he grew so dizzy that he .vcareely knew 
which way to go. At length one d;iy he stag.gered while anjiil 
tlu! wheels, and fell the wrong way ; the liand caugbl his little 
coat and drew him in, and lu^ was dreadfully mangleil. 

So it is, lioys, when you go in the way of temptation ; .vou 
may think you can take care of .vourselves, and keep clear nl' 
thewheiis; but oh ; you may find yourselves dreadfully mis- 
taken. Before you are aware of it, you may bo caught and 
desti-o.ved. Keep away fioui the wheels. 



1^2^- 



■t^^ii 



I 






0" TJ "V E ISr I Hi E IlsrSTi^TJCTOI?.. 



■^^(^* 




EDITOR. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON 

SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1871. 







IIEIiE art; t^auc .sins wliiih are givalor 
tli:iu otliers. To sin against tho Holy 
(iliost, or to slieJ innocoiit blood, is a most 
JruaJful crime, thu worst a man enn Com- 
mit, aiul one that cannot lie forgiven. 
Judas Lsi-ariot was guilty of this, and many 
other ajio.states have been guilt.vof the .same 
crime. Next to this is the sin of adultery. 
Those who indulge in this great sin fall 
T heavy condemnation, and unless they 
roughly rejient, their iiunishuient will be 
ere. Many more sins might be mentioned 
h are of a very grave character; but wo will 
mention tme now. It is the sin of ingrati- 
a sin that is far too common. 

. s<ime of our readers may not understand 

C^ what tliLs sin is. We will explain. 

God, our heavenly Father, ble.s.ses his children with 
Ills Spirit, and health, food, raiment and other favors. 
Those who receive the.se, and do not feel thankful to Him iiir 
them, are guilty of ingratitude. 

Parents take care of and are kind to their childivn. They 
nurse them in infancy, watch over them in diildhood, and do 
all in their power to supply their wants and m.ike them comfort- 
able. But .some children di.sobey their parents, neglect and 
treat them coldly, or jicrhaps unkindly, and show no thaukfiil- 
nes.s fijr what they have done lor them. This is ingratitude. 

A man is in )»(H)r circumstances; he is destitute and knows 
not what to do or which way to turn to help himself. But .some 
benevolent person, learning his situation, st*;-])s /(irward and 
renders him as.sistance. With this aid he gets a st;irt and pms- 
per.s, and is Sf)on in easy circumstances. If he then forgets the 
man who befriended him and shows no thankfulness for his 
favors, or turns against him, he is guilty of ingnititude. 

Thousand.s of jxMir Saints have been brought from the old 
world by the help of the Saints in this c-ountry. Many after 
reaching here have been pro.spered in their cii-cum stances, and 
then they have forgntten their God denied the faitii and spoki:n 
evil of the peo))le wlio were their benefactors. This is ingrati- 
tude. 

Ungrateful people .seem to think that those who render thi'm 
kiudue.ss are under obligations to do .so, and that in favoring 
them they do no more than their duty. Such a feeling is dis- 
gu.sting, and is an evidence of a bad heart. Neither God nor 
ju.st men can take plea.sure in .such people, and they lose the 
favor of all. 

A grateful man is thankful for ever)' kindness which he 
receives. He appreciates it, and does not fail to show tiie per- 
son who be.stiiws it, that he is thankful for it, and he never lets 
an opp<jrtunity pass of returning if. It is a pleasure to do 
kindness U> a gnit4'ful man or child. God bles,s«m such men, 
women and children, and th'-ir friends do not get tired of them. 
But ungrateful children or gmwn up i>cr.S4^>ns, drive friendshij), 
love and respect away fmm tlnMu. 
(-Tiildren, shun ingratitul . 

rpHPj Koran is the name of a Wik which the followers of 
X Mohammed hold as sacTcd. It is cfjrapo.scd of revelations 



which Mohammed professed to have received, and it is really 
the 3Iohammedau bilile. It was originally written in Arabic, 
the language of the Arabs, IMohammed himself being one of 
that race. It is the custom in Mohammedan countries for 
children to learn to read the Koran before everything else. 
The pujiils have two difSculties to contend with ; lirst, to learn 
to read, and second, to learn to read in a foreign language. 
I'he Arabic, in which the Koran is written, is the language of 
litei-ature, and not the Arabic of every day life. A person may 
leani to read the Koran in the language in which it is written, 
and yet be unable to read a i)aragraph in a newsjiaper. The 
reast)n of this is that the modern language has been greatly 
changed. You can .see from this that it is no easy task for a 
!M<ihammedan child to become a .scholar. When the young 
sclRilar has for the first time read the Koran through to the 
end, his parents are very proud and greatly delighted. If the 
parents be rich, tlu;v make it the occasion of .soli^mn and expen- 
sive festivities. Even the poorest i)arents celebrate the delight- 
ful event. The teacher goes with his hapjiy pupil to the hou.se 
of the jiarents, where friends, ac(iuaint;inces and neighbors are 
assembled. A new reading desk is placed in the centre of the 
room, and teacher and pu])il crouch down before it lookuig 
with reverence upon the sacred book which it supports. Then 
he begins to recite <'ertain verses. The listeners utter sighs of 
delight; they wag their heads ; they roll their eyes and even 
the tears course down their cheeks; and yet many of them can- 
not understand a single word that is siiid. 

After a boy has mastered the Koran then he is ready to pro- 
ceed with other studies. He learns to write hi Arable no 
matter what his native language may be. The writing material 
for beginners in 1'urke.v consists in a verv smooth .vellow or 
gre(-n iiai)er up(]n which thi' .scholar writes with a kind of india- 
ink and a hu.ure reed pen. After the teacher has e.\aniined the 
writing the pujiil wipes it out with a siKinge — the paper being 
so smooth and strong that it may be used from ten to twenty 
limes. There are .scholars in that country who Ixiast of having 
learned to write on a single sheet of pajier. No man is consi- 
dered a scholar unless he writes an elegant hand, but very few 
Ic'arn how to write their own language well because all their 
]iractice is in Arabic. 

From -this you will see that going to school in Mohannnedaii 
countries is not the pleasant business that it is with us. There 
it is a great labor an<l very trying to the minds and bodies of 
the jjupils. They have not the nice books in tlio.se countries 
that our children have. Tlii'ir grammar has been in use several 
hundred years and is old liishinned and dillicult to understand, 
and their geographies have not been altered fur .iienerations. 
They do not even acknowledge the existence of America or 
.\ustralia. ilow thankful we who live in this land should be 
for the many opiiortuiiities that we have of gaining knowledge. 
\\\: have jilenty of books and they are writtou in simple, ea.sy 
style, they can be easily understood by everybody. We think 
our system of .spelling is very bad, and .so it is; but then it is 
ea.sy compared with the tasks that the Turki.sh boys have to 
learn. We have the Bible, the Book of Mormon and the Book 
of Covenants written in very simple, ea.sy language. Little lioys 
and girls can r.'ad the Book of Mormon and easily understand it, 
its language is so simple. We know of no book in the I'juglisli 
language writtt'ii in such clear language as the ]5ook of Mor- 
mon. Tin; Ijord evidently iiitrndi'il that i( sliould be understood 
b.v the most ignorant as well as the most learned. 

Chi^erfiihiess is a clii'a]) medicine. Mirthfulness is a jihilo.so- 
phy not well understood. It is the snnnysidi' of existence. 



Use not to-day what to-mormw may want ; be frugal, and 
thou shalt have enough. 



\ thing of beauty is a joy lor ever. 



i^2^= 



•^^^' 



if 



CTTJ'VEnsriljEl IZtsTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



85 



THIE ■VT'OTJF Lia-HTIiOTJSE. 



TN our last number we gave an illustration of a telegraph 
ship, which can also be used if necessary as a light-ship. 
Herewith we pressnt a view of a lighthouse known as the 
"Wolf Rock Lighthouse," which is built near Penzance, Corn- 
wall, England. It was completed and the lanterns set up on 
the I'lind of December, lf<Oy ; but in consequence of the rough- 
ness of the sea, the light-keeper.s could not be got to the rock 
until the 2jth of that month. By the 1st of the next January, 
they had got their work .so far advanced that they were pre- 
liared to light up on that night. It has a lu-illiant and ijowerful 
revolving light, which shows alternate flashes of white and 
red. 

A hghthouse is a building from the top of which light is 
shown at night as a direction or warning to mariners. They 
are placed on headlands and upon rocks and sands, and at the 
entrance of harbors. They are Isiilt of wood, stone, brick, east 
iron and wrought iron. The most not«id light-houses in the 
world are built of stone. In old times wood was used for 
lights at the tiip of 



j^ C!0 3srj-TJi?.oi?.'S ti^iok:, : 



A CIRCUMSTANCE in Houdin's life shows how daringly 
XX conjurors who amus;; us will often i)lay witli danger, 
depending on their ready fingers to secure their .safety. He 
had performed some startling fire-arm tricks before a party of 
Arabians, making use, of course, of the ordinary conjuring 
pistol wliicli is so contrived that the ramrod withdraws the 
bullet. While the rest of the party was expressing their 
admiiation, a crafty old JIarabout, who had some suspicion of 
the true nature of the trick, said, "The stranger is doubtless a 
strong magician ; will he suifer me to fire at him with my own 
pistols!" "Yes," said Houdin, unhesitatingly, "but first I 
must make inviication to those who assist me." 

The next day he met the same iiariy, and offered a saucerfnl 
of bullets to the inspection of the Marabout. Satisfied that 
they were lead — is indeed they were — the Aral) handed his 
pistols to Houdin, using the Arab's ramrod. His own friends 
were in terror, and even hisVife, well as she knew his skill, was 

in perplexity when 




">^ 



lighthouses ; after 
wards coal was 
burned ; in some 
they burned cau- 
dles, but now oil is 
principally used. 

The use of light- 
houses is to warn 
seamen against 
dangerous parts of 
the coast, and, in 
other instances, to 
show them the way 
to port. They were 
in use in very 
anc ient times. 
Before lighthouses 
were used, fires 
were built on head- 
lands, and promi- 
nent points ; but by 
degrees, ingenious 
men con.structed toners, so as to ral.se these lights as high as 
possible, that they might be seen a great distance. The most 
nottd lighthouse in the worH fir size and age, was the Pharos 
of Alexandria, in Egypt. This building was finished about 
three hundred years before the birth of the Savior. The style 
and workmanship are said to have been superb, and it was 
built of white st(jne. Its height was about five hundred and 
fifty feet. Jo.sephus says that the light, which was always 
kept burning on its top at night, was visible about fjrty-one 
miles. It was i)robably destroyed l)y an earfli(iuake ; liut at 
what time is not known. It is certain, howijver, that this 
tower existed fir oik; thou.sand six hundred years. It was 
built on an island called Pharos, and it was from this that it 
Uiok its name. To this day tin; French wonl for lighthouse is 
Ithare, and the Itiilian and Spanish, iliro. 

One of the most remarkable light-hous.'S of mudern times 
is liie tower of Cordonan. It is situatrd on a ledge of rocks 
at the month of the river Garonne or Gironde in the Bay of 
Bi.scjiy. It was eonnnenced in I'lSl and finished in H'llH; 
twunty-.six years having been oi;<-upied in bnilding it. Fnmi 
the rock on which it is built to the upper part is one hun- 
dreil and sixty-two feet. A fire of oak wood was kejit buTn- 
ing at night <iii its ujiper part for about oiii: hundred years. 
After that coal was used inst(;ad of Wood, and now nil is burn- 
ed. TliiTe are other lighthou.ses descriptions of which we hav<' 
given in jirevious numbers of the. luveiiili! Instriictur. 



she saw him hand 
back to the Arab 
one of the loaded 
pistols. 

"Now fire," he 
said. 

The Arab did so, 
and Houdin was 
seen with the bul- 
let between his 
teeth. 

"Bah," he said, 
seizing the ot h e r 
pistol, "you cannot 
use your own wea- 



3:1 pons; 



here. 



You have been un- 
able to draw blood 
from my flesh, I 
will draw b 1 o o d 
f r o m v o n d e r 
wall." 

He aimed at the wall, tired, and iunuediately a st;iln of blood 
was seen. The Marabout went up to the wall, and when he 
had dipped his finger in the blood, which was trickling down, 
his awe and amazement were so great that his features assumed 
I a ghastly hue. Yet the trick was simple enough— two pre- 
rwred liiiUets having been skillfully sulistitnt*."d by Houdin f ir 
the leaden bullets he took from the .saucer. But the experi- 
ment was unite new, and Houdin tells us that he trembled and 
could .scarcely control his terror as he saw the >larabont draw- 
the trigger of the pistol. 

FIFTEl'^N (11! FAT .MISTAKES. - It is a great mistake to 

' set up our (iwn stamlard nf the right and wrong, and jnd.^'e peo- 

I i>lo accordingly. It is a .great mistjike to measure the enjuy- 

! ments of others by our own ; to exiu^ct other people to .see witii 

lour eyes; to look for judgment and expi-rience in .yontli ; to 

endeavi r'to mold all dispo.sitions alike; not to yield in inmia- 

t<>rial trifles; to look for perfection in our own actions; to 

worry ourselves and otheiv with what cannot be remedied ; not 

I to allevi ite all that needs alleviation, as far as lies hi our power; 

not to n:akc allowanc for the infirmities of oth.'rs; to coii.sider 

evi'rything iniiiossible whi<-h w>' cannot perlorni ; to lielievc 

onlv wh.;t onr finito minds can gra.sp ; to exiieet to be able to 

understand cv<'rything. The great.'st of all mistakes is to live 

oiilv for lime, wlieii any iiMiiiienl may lanneh us into eternily. 



1) 



,1^ 



'i^' 



I 



86 



J- TJ "V E3 2^ I L E I2iTSTi?.TJOTOI?/, 



'^ 



riCi 



UTS 



T O I?. IT O IF 

G xi TJ i^ o h:. 

{Continued.) 



THE 



ON the 2iith of April, 1841, President Brigham Young, and 
his fellow-apostles, Heber C. Kimhall, Orson Pratt, John 
Taylor, Wilfird NYoodruff, George A. Smith and Willard 
Richards, embarked on the ship Roeliester, Cajitain Wood- 
house, at Liverpool for New York, aeeoiupanied by erne hun- 
dred and thirty Saints, who had started for Zioii. Brothers 
Orson Hyde and Parley P. Pratt remained behind, the former 
to jiroseeute his mission to Jorusiilem, to whieh he had been 
appointed by the Projihet Joseiih, and the latter to i)reside over 
the British mission. 

In taking liis departure from Great Britain, it was \Yith a 
heart full of gratitude to God that Brother Brigham reflected 
upon his dealings witli Him, and his brethren of tlie Twelve. 
during the year which he had spent there. It looked like a 
miracle ti contrast the difference between his and his breth- 
ren's landing at Liverpool, and their departure therefrom. 
They had lauded as strangers in a strange land, friendless and 
in a destitute condition ; but now how changed 1 

After a s<unewhat rough voyage the Kocliester cast anclior in 
Nl-w York harbor on 3Iay I'Jth, having passed all the shijis 
which s;iiled at the time .she did, and those also which had 
SiiUed several d;iys liefore. As .soon as the anchor was dropped, 
a steamer came down to get the latest news. C)n this steamer 
was an editor who had I )aid forty-five dollars fjr the privilege 
of boarding the ship and obtaining all tlie items of interest from 
Eumpo. This was a mark of enterprise on tlie part of the 
newspaper to wliich he belonged. But how difl'erent a system 
this Was of obtaining news to that which j ire vails at present ! 
Now editors at New York sit in their offices, and everything of 
interest that occurs in Eurojjc is sjiread before them each day 
by means of the telegraph cables, which have been stretched 
across the ocean and been t)uried it its depths. There is no 
necessity now to wait for sailing vessels, or indeed steamers, to 
bring the news. Lightning is haniessed, and liy its agency 
ni.-ws is transmitted, not only across the ocean, Init to all jiarts 
rif the continent. An important event occurs in Euroiic, and 
the next day the particulars are read by the people of Salt Lake 
city. Lightning carries the news from Europe to America, and 
it is sent by the same mean.s to every comer of the land. 

On July 1st. President Young and the other ajio-stles, with 
the exception of Elders Willard Eichards and Wilford Wood- 
ruff, who had stopped to visit in the I^ast, arrived at Nauvoo 
and received a warm welcome from the I'roiihet Jo.seph, their 
families and the .Saints. 'J'he Prophet in speaking of their 
n-tum .says, in his history: 

"Tlioy ortiiinly Ikivi; l>ccn tlic ingtrumentB In tlie liunds of (Jod of 
nrronipllBliinL' niurli, and must liavo tlic siitiisfuctiun of knowini; that 
tlicy have done Iticir duty. IV-rliups no men ever undertook sueh an 
hnpurtiint nii.-'.xiun under audi peculiarly distii salui;, forhidding and 
unpropitiuue cireunihliinces. .Most of tliein, « hen tlieylefl tlii» place, 
nearly two years airo, were worn doMii with eirkneha ami disease, or 
were taken Mek on the road. .Several of tht.-ir fuinllh^s were alf*o 
allUrled and needed their aid and huiiporl. But knowini: that they 
had l-een ralli'd t'V the (»od of Heaven to preiieh the iroBpel to other 
nationii, they ronlerred not with tleah and niood, hut oliedlent to the 
heavenly mandate, without purbe or i-crip, coninicnred n Journey of 
live thouBnnd inile.s entirely de]H'ndent on the jiroviilinre of that (iod 
who had railed thern to nurh u holy eallini;. While joiirneyliiir to the 
(w^a lioard, they were hroukrht into many Iryinir rireuiiibtjineeb ; after 
a ^ho^l recovery from seviTe siekiie.-f, lliey would he taken with a re- 
lapae, and have to fitop amonu Ktrangen<, without money and uithout 
friend**. Their lives were M-veral tiiuCH despaired of, and they have 
taken each other l>y the hand, ex|iertlui; It would Ik the laxt time 
they should Ichold one another in the Ih hh. 

"Ilonever, notwitliKtiindini: their atllirtlonK and trials, the Lord 
nlwnyii Inlerpoxed in their lichalf, and did not nuller them toHiiikln 
tile arms of death, ^ome way or other wati made for their ei-eape ; 
frieiidH ros4' up when they inoMt needed thr-in, itnd relieved their 
neeesnilles ; and thus they were enaliled to imrhue their jcjumey and 
rejoiro in the Holy One of Israel. They, trul.v, ' went forth weeping, 
Irarini; prcclou.t seed,* Iml liuvc 'returned with rejoicing, Ifcurin;; 
iheir ohoiivcs with them.' " 



Shortly after their arrival at home, the Prophet received the 
fliUowing revelation concerning Brother Brigham : 

"Dear and well-beloved hrothcr Briirliam Young, A'crily thus saith 
tlic Lord unto .vou, mv sen-aut Bi-iijliam, it is no more required at 
.vour hand to leave your family as m times past, for j'our ofleriiig is 
iieceptahle to me; I have seen your lahor and toil in jounievings for 
my name. I therefore eommaiid .vou to send 1113- word ain-oad, and 
take special care of yonr famil.v from this time, henceforth, and for 
ever. Amen." 

On the ICth of August a special Conference was held at 
Nauvoo at which the Prophet Joseph stated the duties that he 
expected the Twelve to attend to. He said : 

"That the time had come when the Twelve shoiiUl he called upon 
to stand in their place next to the First t'resideiiey, and attend to the 
settlina: of cmigrauts and the tiushiess of the Cliureh at the Stakes, 
and assist to ticar oli' the kingdom victorious to the nations ; and as 
the_v had lieeii faithful and had borne the Imrden in the heat of the 
day, that it was right that they should have an opportunity of pro- 
vidini: something for tliemselvcs and families, and at the same time 
relieve Iiiui, so that he might attend to the business of translatiug." 

The Conference adopted a resolution apiiroving of the 
instructions of President Jo.seph Smith in relation to the 
IVelve. 

Brother Brigham on his return found his family living in a 
small unfinished log-cabin, situated on a low, wet lot, and .so 
swainpy that when the first attempt was made to plow it the 
o.^cen mired. The time that he had to .spare from his pubhc 
duties he devoted to the draining, fencing and cultivating of his 
lot bailding a shelter for his cow and chickens, and otherwise 
finishing his house, and making his family comfortable. 



I^d:iSSIOiT^K.Y SICETGHIES. 



(Conlinued.) 

LEAYING Gamberriar we traveled through the gold mines 
one week and sold our books and tracts to the miners and 
jireachcd to them the gosjiel, and then came to a city called 
Windsor sittiated on the Penreth Eiver. As we liad licen 
traveling several days in the rain, and had been wet thi-ougli 
every day, we were desirous of getting a place to stay in the 
suburlis of this city and recruit ourselves and clean up betin-e 
commencing our labors in the ministery. We tried twelve 
times to stay all night, but were refused very abruiitly each 
time. We found that a par.son of the church ol England had 
gone beftire us, and had warned the peoi)le that the Mormon 
Elders wen^ coming, and they must shut their doors against 
them. It was now nine o'clock at night, and was raining vi'ry 
hard. We walked up Main street in this city, and were so wet, 
tired and hungry that we could but just walk. We had 
traveled twenty-tour miles that day with but very little liiod to 
eat and our bouts were worn out and our feet .scalded with the 
water and bli.st<,'red very badly. In those circumstances my 
companion Siiid to uie, with tears in his eyes, 

"Is it possible that the Lord has liir.sakeii us, and will .suft'er 
us to die in the streets of this city'/" 

1 sjiid to him, "Brother John Said,'' for that was his 
name, "this is a trial of our faith, and after the bitter then 
c-omes the sweet." 

While we were thus conversing, I looked ahead some distance, 
and sjiw a confectioner's shoji witii the door ojieii. I said t<i my 
coiniiaiiion "we will try to stay there." As wc drew near 
to till' place Wi; saw :i man come out of the shop and walk int4i 
the middle of the street. He canu' down the street towards us. 
He and 1 met first, as I was in advance of my companion. 



and s;iid : "Good evening, friends. I have been Waiting for 
you some time. What has made you so late'/" As 1 answered 
his ((uestioiis 1 drew clo.se to him, and looked him in the liice, 
to .see if I could recognize him ; but 1 could not. 

He asked : " Wlierc are you going to stiiy t/i night." 

] .'<iid : " Wc do not know." 



fr^ 



^\ 



'? 



crTJ^Ezsrii_.E iisrsTi?.TJOTOK/. 



87 



I 



He then put his hand into his pocket and gave me some 
money, and went to my compani(5n and did the same ; and then 
said : 

"Boys, do you see that large four-story house on the corner?"' 

Wo rejiliL-d that we did. 

■WfU." said he, "'you go there and tell t lie landlord that 
.vou have been sent there to occujiy the green room to night, 
and he will conduct you tci it, and give you all the accomoda- 
tions that he can afford." 

After saying this the stranger left us, and passed on out of our 
sight, in the dark. We then proceeded t*) the house, and found 
all things as the stranger had rejjresented. The landlord con- 
ducted us to the gi'cen room, it was in the fourth story of the 
house, and while going up the long stairs my companion said to 
me, "Stop!" I stopped, and he said in a low voice " I fear 
that this is a plan laid to destro.v us." I told him not to fear, 
tor we had suffered enough, and the Lord was about t<:) bless 
us. Arrived at the room we found it a beautiful place, but we 
were not fit tenants for such a fine room, as our clothing was 
wet through and umddy. We found everything as the stranger 
who met us in the street had told us. There was dry clothing 
for us tjLi luit on, and a good bed to sleep in, and the landlord sent 
us U]) a warm supper. We then looked at the money that the 
man gave us in the street and found it to be English money of 
the denominations ranging from a crown down to the smallest 
coin in silver, and what seemed strange b.i us was that both of 
us had the same amount ;ind pieces just ;Jike ; the man seemed 
to have a pocket nearly full of monej', and it was dark when he 
gave it to us. After supper we went to bed and had a good 
night's rest and pleasant dreams. The next morning we got up 
and ))artook of the hospitalities of the house and asked the 
landlord our bUl. He answered that " there was no charge," 
so we went on our way rejoicing. 

We spent a few days iu this city, and i>reached and sold our 
l)ooks and had a good time with the people. I baptized one 
man and his family ; the man had been a Methodist preacher, 
and I ordained him an Elder, and he commenced preaching the 
doctrines of the Latter-day Saints. While traveling in this city 
I called at a public house to distribute <jur books. I found two 
American men there, and when they heard me say I was an 
American, they asked me if I was a Mormon preacher. I said, 
"Yes, sir." "Well," said one of them, "you must have souie- 
(liiiig to drink with me as you are a fellow <-oimtr.vman of 
mine." I told him that I did not drink s]iiritu<ins li(|uors of 
any kind, but he insisted that I nuist take some wine with him. 
So he went into another room, as he said, to get smne wine out 
of the cellar. I was showing njy books to several in the room 
when he returned with the glasses of wine and presented one of 
them to me and reciucstod me to drink with him. I could see 
by the man's countenance that he had done something wi-ong, 
so I told him that I should not drink the wine in the glass that 
he offeri'd me, )>nt if he woidd change glasses and give me the 
one that he was going to drink, I would drink it if he would 
drink the one he offered me. He then flew into a rage, llir he 
kni'W that I had ileU'cted his design to try to poison me. I 
had overheard him say, while he was gone afti'r the wine, that 
■"the Miirnion jirii^sts say that poison will not hurt tln'in. lint I 
will .soon show yon that I will niaki' one of thiMM ache," He 
also said that In- was one of the part.v that shot fJosi'|)h Smith 
at Carthage jail. He took one of my books and said that J 
should not have it again if I did not drink the wine that he gave 
me. I sfejiped t<i the door and saw two pnljiemen passing and 
called to thi'm. Th'^vixmie to my assistance, and I told tlieni m.v 
stjiry. They hunt ;d for thi' man, to t;ike liinj, but he was not 
f'l^M' found. Till' next da.v m.v coiii|ianion went to a (arm 
lionsi' a |i'\v niil''s from tln' c-i(y to di>»riliu(i' sonic ti-.nis aii<l 
iHioks and foimd oi|i> of tliosr .Xnicricans (hen'. Wle'ii hr 
If'fl 111'' liousi', this stranger followi'(l him with his Minni'' 
riflr. and remarkiil tliat lie litiil a killiiiL' contraet tii kill 



all of the Mormon Elders that he could find, and when he had 
said those words he drew his rifle to his face, and said "here 
goes for the first one " and fired, the bullet passed within a few 
inches of my comrade's head. This vile murderer was so close 
t<j him that he did not take close sight on his gim. When he 
found that he had not hit him, he commenced loading his piece 
again, but by the time he had got his gun loaded my partner 
was nearl.v a quarter of a mile distiint. The ruffum gave chase, 
and when he came within aliout one hundred .vards he tixik a 
rest on a stump and fired. But the luillet whistled near by and 
missed again. The assassin then gave up the chase and went 
back. 
Payson, AJIASA POTTER. 

{To be continued.) 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
E.E00LLEGTI03SrS. 
(Continued.) 



1 



T is said ■calms succeed storms, 



tie extreme follows ano- 
ther," &c. Certainly joy followed closely on the heels of 
grief more th;!U once this day, fijr when Josejih and Thomas 
reached home, to their surprise and unsi^eakable joy, they 
found all their cattle safely corraled in their yai'ds where 
they had been all the afternoon. Aldc^u, it seems, reached the 
herd ground just after Joseph had left. He found the cattle 
straggling off in the wrong direction unherded, he could find no 
trace of the boys or horses, although he discovered the dinner 
pails at the spring as usual. When he had thoroughly satis- 
tied himself by obsen'ations that all was not right, and jierhaps 
something very serious was the matter, he came to the conclu- 
sion to take the dinner pails, gather up the cattle and go home, 
which he did by the lower road, reaching home some time after 
the company had left by the upper road in search of them. He 
of course learned the )iarticulars of the whole affair, and must 
have felt thankful that he had escaped. A messenger was sent 
to notify thi' coin|iany of the safety of the cattle, but for some 
reason he did not overtake them. 

In the Spring of 1847, George Mills was fitted out with a 
team and went in the company of President Young as one ol' 
the Pioneers to the Valley; ami soon after, a portion of the 
family, in the care of Brother James Lawson, emigrated from 
"Winter Quarters," arriving in the A'alley that fall. 

In the Spring of 1S48, a tremendous eft'ort was made by the 
Saints to iinmigrate to the A'alley on a grand scale, No one 
was more anxious than Widow Smith; but to accomiilish^it 
seemed an impossibility. She still had a large and, comiiara- 
tively, helpless family. Her two sons, John ami Joseph, men? 
bciys, being her only support ; the men folks, as they wen? 
called, P>nithers J. Lawson and (J. Mills licing in the valley 
with the teams they had taken. Without teams sufficient to 
draw the number of wagons necessary to haul piiivisioiis and 
outfit for the family, and without means to piu'chase, or I'rii'iids 
who were in circumstances to assist, she determined to make 
the attempt, aii<l trust in the Jiiu'd fiu' the issue. Acconliiigly 
every nerve was strained, and every available object was 
brought iiit<i reiiuisition. "Jackie" was traded ott' lor piiivi- 
sioiis, cows and uilves were .yoked up. two wagons lashed toge- 
ther, and t<'aiii ban'ly suflicient to draw one was hitched on to 
them, and in this manner they nilled out fmni Winter Quartors 
some tinii? in .May. After a series of the most amiising and try- 
ing circiiiiistaiices, such as sticking in the mud, iloiibliiig teams 
up all the little hills and crashing at uii'-'oveniaMe speed down 
the opposite sides, bnakiiig wagon toii^'iies and n'achi's, up 
si'ttiiii; 



iiid vainly endeavoring to coiilnil wild kIcci's, \\M 



ami unbroken cows 
Horn, where llie 



I's 

lliey liiially sncceecled in n'achin;.' the MIk 
coiii|);iiiie> wiTe beini; organized lor the 



Jilailis. 



^'»,3^- 



fi5 




cTTJ^EisrirjE in^sTie^TJCToi?/ 




Here, widow Smith reported herself to President Kimball, 
as having "started fi>r the A'alley." Meantime, slie had left no 
stuue untunied or jiiviblem uiitrii'd, which iininiisod assistance 
in efiFeeting the necessary iirciiaratinns tiir the jnurncy. She had 
done to her utmost, and still the wav looked ilark and impossi- 
ble. 

President Kimball consigned her t<i Captaiu : — 's lii'ty. 

Tlie Captain was present ; said he, 

"Widow Smith, how manv ■n-auons have vou?" 
"Seven." 

"How many .vok-s ot'uxen have .vnu?" 
"Four,'' and so many cows and calves. 

"Well," .says the captain, "Widow Smith, it is folly for 
you to start in this manner; .vou never can make the journe.v. 
and if you try it, .VdU will be a burden upon the coujpany the 
whole way. ^ly advice to ,\-ou is, go back to Winter Quarters 
and wait tUl you can get help." 

This speech aroused the indignation of Joseph, who stood by 
and heard it ; he thought it was poor consolation to his mother 
who was struggling so hard, even against hope as it were, for 
her deliverance ; and if he had been a little older it is possible 
that he would have said some very harsh things to the Captain-, 
but as it was, he busied him.self with his thoughts and bit his 
lips. 

Widow Smith c;ilmly replied, "Father '" (he was an 

aged man,) "I will beat .vou to the Valley and will ask no help 
from j-ou either!" 

This seemed to nettle the old gentleman, for he was high 
metal. It is pos.sible that ho never fiirgot this iirediction, and 
that it influenced his conduct towards her more or less from 
that time forth as long as he lived, and especially during the 
journey. 

While the companies were lying at Elk Horn, Widow Smith 
sent back U) Winter Quarters, and by the blessing of God, 
•succeeded in buying on credit, and hiring for the .iourney, 
several .vokes of oxen from brethren who were not able to emi- 
grate that .vear, (among the.se brethren one Brother llfigi^rs was 
ever gratefidly remembered by the f'aniil.v. ) When the com- 
panies were ready to start. Widow Smith and lur family were 
Sfjinewhat better prepared fur the .inurne.v and mlled ont with 
IJLditer hearts and better iirosi)ects than favored their egress 
from Winter (Quarters. But Josejih often wished that his 
mother had been consigned to some nthercnmpany, for although 
even'thing seemed to move along jileasiintly. ids ears were fre- 
(|uently saluted with oxpre.s.sions which seemed to be prompted 
by feelings of disappointment and regret at his mother's pros- 
perity and success — expressions which, it seemed to him, were 
mad • expre.s.sly for his ear. To this, however, he paid as little 
re.card as it was possible for a Imy of ids temi)erament t4i do. 
( )ne cause for anno.vanci- was tJK^ fact that ids mother would not 
p'-rmit him to .stand guard of nights the sjime as a man or his 
older brother John, ^vh'■n the ('a|)taiii re(|uircd it. Slie was 
willing for him to herd in the day tinjc and do Ids duty in 
cverytiung that .seemed to her in reas<in coidd be required of 
him ; but, as he was only t<ai years of age, she did not consichi- 
him oM enough to do guard duty of night.s to protect the camp 
Iroiii Indians, stami)edes, &c.; therefore, when the Captain 
re((uire(l him to stan<l guard. Wiilow Snjith objected. Ho was, 
llierefop', f'rei|uently .sneered at as being "|)ett(;d by his 
motiier," whi'h was a sore trial to him. 

[To Lc cundnucd.'] 



^ 

'•^. 



A JilTTLH girl in Pcnn.syivania was rej>rr)ved for playiiiL- 
out doors with Imys, and infomu'd that, beinjr seven years old, 
.she was " tiK) big for that now." But, with all imaginable- 
innocence, she rejiliecl ; — "Why, the liigu'r'r we gn>w the better 
wc like 'em." (irandina took time to think. 






$Ucf$5 ^o$l(jy» 



TO "vVHOlvi: SHJ^LXj "VvT e 
C3-I"VE TT3:.A.3S3"K:S? 



A little lioy liiid .sought the puiup 

From whence the sparkling water burst, 
And di-iuiU with oanor joy the di-iuiuhl 

That khully qiionclu'd his ruling thirst; 
Then graccfuUv he touched his c:\y — 

I thunk j'uu Jlr. l^unip, he said, 
For tliis nice druik .vou'vc given nie 1 

(This little hoy hud hrcn well bred.) 

Then snid the pump; My little man, 

You're welcome to what I have done ; 
But I am not the one to tliank — 

I onlv help the water run. 
Oh, then, the little fellow said, 

(.Polite he nlwaj's meant to he,) 
Cold Water, please accept my thanks, 

You have been very kind to nie. 

Ah! said Cold Water, don't thank me ; 

Far up in the hillside lives the Spring 
That sends mc forth with generous hand 

To gladden every living thing. 
I'll thank the Spring', then, said the boy, 

And graeefully he I'owcd his head. 
Oh, don't thank mc, my little man, 

The Spring with silvery accents said. 

Oh, don't thank nie^for what am I 

Without the dew and suuimei- rahi'? 
Without their aid I ne'er eoiild (piencli 

Y'our thirst, my little boy, ui;ain. 
Oh, well, then, said the little lio.v, 

I'll n'hull.v thank the Itain and Uew, 
I'ray, don't tliaiik us — without tlie .Sun 

We could nut till one cup for you. 

Then, Mr. Sun, ten thousand thanl<s 
l''or all that .^'ou have done for mc. 

Stop! said llic Sun, with libishinc face, 
.My little fellow, don't thank nic; 

'Twas fi-oni the Ocean's mighty stores 

I drew the drau:;ht for thee. 

Oh, Ocean, Ihanks! then said the boy — 

II (-ehoed I'aek, not unto i\u-. 

Not unto me, but nnto Him 

Who fornn-d the depllis in wliicli 1 Me, 
(Jo, t;ivc thy tliioik's, luy little' I'oy, 

To Mini wlio will thy wants sujiply, 
The l^o,^■ \nt)U nil Ills cap, and said. 

In l(ines so Lreutle and ^ubdu('d, 
Oli.CJnd, 1 lliank Tliee for lliisi;lfl, 

'I liou alt the (Jiver of all good. 



A nobl(^ man is he wl 
who can live patiently. 



laii die patiently, but still noMeris In 



Is [lulilislicd in Salt Lake CUy, Utah Territory, 
i:VKiiY (rriiKH sati'hday. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & 

iSiVf/lc Ciipn, per Annum 

iSiiif/fc C-Viy)!/, /or A'/.'.- fifonffus 

«a" 'Jrniii broui,'lit 111 tills City for the .JrvKNii.K Insthiictok will be 
received at the olllcc of our paper— Dkukiikt Nkws lleii.iiiNo.M. 



^3^^ 




