
Pirlhtess t0 t|t ITnrj&t 



VOL. Y 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, AUGUST 3, 1872. 



NO. 16. 



THIS x= E isT a- TJ I 2sr . 



HERE you have a picture of a very singular bird, most com- 
monly met witli in the ice fields of the South Pacific 
Ocean, or, as they are called, the Antarctic regions. Two 
reasons are assigned why naturalists have given this bird the 
curious name which it bears. One is that it is derived from 
the Welsh words loen^ meaning 
head, and gu-yn^ meaning white, 
the general color of the bird, 
below, being white. The other 
and more likely reason is, that 
it is. derived from the Latin 
word X)ingids^ meaning fot, the 
bird being constantly fat, or iu 
good condition. But whatever 
the origin of the name, the Pen- 
guin is one of the most singular 
members of the feathered tribes, 
and we will tell you some of the 
i^asons why. 

You know that the air is the 
natural home of birds, and the 
anatomy of most of them is such 
as to enable them to soar alofi, 
and to fly a long distance. But 
the Penguin is the very opposite 
of this, for its natural home is 
beneath the waves of the sea. 
It has wings, or something very 
like them, but for taking flight 
aloft, like other birds, it might 
just as well be without them, 
for it can not fly. But it is very 
different when it gets below the, 
waves : then its wings tell, for 
it can fly very rapidly, and can 
also use them in swimming, just 
as the fish uses its fins. 

The Penguin is frequently 
found hundreds of miles out at 
sea, and it never comes to land 
except to lay its eggs and hatch 
them. On land it presents a 
very curious appearance, for its legs are so far back and so 
short, that when it stands, its position approaches the perpen- 
dicular, as you see in the picture, instead of the horizontal, like 
other birds. When it walks, it is more curious still, for it then 
has the appearance of a quadraped, or four-footed animal, 




because it uses its stumpy wings as feet, and goes hobbling 
along on all fours. Another peculiarity of this curious bird is 
that it brays a good deal like a donkey. There are several 
species of penguins, the cry of all being very similar, but in 
one it so closely resembles the braying of the patient, stupid 

animal mentioned above, that it 
is called the Jackass Penguin. 
When these birds are on land 
they are gregarious, that is, 
numbers of them live together. 
But their land life is as curious 
as anything else about them, for 
when there they form them- 
selves into ranks, just like sol- 
diers, the birds with perfect 
plumage forming one rank; those 
incubating, or hatching their 
eggs, another; those moulting or 
losing their feathers, another; 
the young, imperfectly develop- 
ed birds another, and so on ; 
and no bird is allowed to mingle 
with any other than the rank or 
class to which it belongs. 

Some people in this world 
profess to believe in a doctrine 
called the transmigration of 
souls, that is, when the souls of 
human beings leave their bodies, 
they become dogs, cats, asses, 
birds, horses, and so on ; and in 
some countries, such for instance 
as Hindostan, the people are di- 
vided into what are called castes, 
and the various trades or profes- 
sions followed by the people al- 
ways belong to the same caste, 
and whoever is born iu these 
castes can only learn the trade or 
l)rofession belonging to the caste 
iu which he is born. In other 
words, no matter what a man's 
natural endowments may be, if ho be born in the caste to 
which the farmer, shoemaker, gipsy or beggar belongs, he 
must bo a farmer, shoemaker, gipsy or beggar all his life, he is 
not allowed to be anything else. If one could believe in a 
doctrine so absurd as the transmigration of souls, we might 



1 



j^^^- 




J-TJ'VElsriLE insrST:E2,TJOTOIS/. 






easily imagine that these penguins had at some time or other 
been Hindoos, they seem to be so particular about caste. 

The feathers of the Penguin are close and very compact, 
more like the scales of a fish thau the feathers of a bird ; its 
food, as a matter of course, is fish — shell and otherwise. Its 
flesh is dark colored, very fatty and has a fishy taste, and 
consequently is not savory, but it is sometimes eaten by mar- 
iners. 

Now to recapitulate: The Penguin is amphibious — it can 
live on land or under the water ; it has feathers like fish scales ; 
it has wings, but can not fly except it be under water ; it swims 
like a fish, brays like a donkey, stands erect like a human 
being, walks on all-fours like a quadruped, pays great regard to 
caste or rank, and is one of the most singular creatures in 
existence, possessing a combination of the powers of, and 
being a connecting link between, the birds, fishes and quadru- 
peds. 

Well, we have perhaps said enough about the Penguin, cer- 
tainly enough, if we have whetted your appetite to know more 
about natural history, and to induce you to procure works to 
prosecute its study. There is one thing among many others 
that unfolds itself to and strikes the inind of its careful student, 
and that is, the intimacy of the link which connects the various 
orders of animal life. Just as in the Penguin we find a com- 
bination of several of the powers of the bird, quadruped and 
fish, none of them so highly developed as in those several 
classes, but a curious combination of all, so in the bat, there 
is found a combination of the bird, reptile and mouse. In 
others, again, the connection between the animal and vegetable 
is so close that scientific men can scarcely determine to which 
they belong ; and throughout all there are such evidences of 
design, and adaptability of tho creature's structure to its wants 
and surroundings as to lead the intelligent mind to reverence 
and praise Him, whose care and solicitude are manifested alike 
in the smallest as well as the mightiest of the works of His 
hands. 



J" TJ D G- 1 3sr o IF" i^ o ns^ 



hurry 



" TTALLOO, Limpy, the cars will start in a minute 

XI up, or we shall leave you behind." 

The car was waiting at a station of one of our western rail- 
roads. The baggage-master was busy with his checks. The 
men were hurrying to and fro with chests and valises, packages 
and trunks. Men, women and children were rushing for the 
cars, hastily securing seats, while the locomotive snorted and 
pufied. 

A man, carelessly dressed, was standing on the platform of 
the depot. He was looking around him, and seemingly paid 
little attention to what was passing. It was easy to see that he 
was lame, and at a hasty glance one might have supposed that 
he was a man neither of wealth nor influence. 

The conductor gave him a contemptuous look, and slapping 
him familiarly on the shoulder, called out — 

"Halloo, Limpy, better get aboard, or the cars will leave 
you behind." 

"Time enough, I reckon," replied the individual, and he 
resumed his seemingly listless air. 

"All aboardl" cried the conductor. 

''Get on, Limpy!" said he, passing the carelessly dressed 
man. 

The lame man made no reply. 

Just as the train was slowly moving away, the lame man 
stepped on to the platform of the last car, walked quietly in, 
and took a seat. 

The train had gone a few miles when the conductor ajjpeared 
at the door of the car where our friend was sitting. Passing 



along, he soon discovered the stranger whom he had seen at the 
station. 

"Your ticket, quick!" 

"I don't pay," replied the lame man quietly. 

"Don't pay?" 

"No, sir." 

"We'll see about that; I shall put you off at the next sta- 
tion;" and he seized a valise which was over the head of our 
friend. 

"Better not be so rough, young man," returned the stranger. 
The conductor released the carpet-bag for a moment, and see- 
ing that he could do no more then, passed on to collect the fare 
from the other passengers. 

As he stopped at a seat a few paces off, a gentleman who had 
heard the conversation just mentioned, looked up to the con- 
ductor, and asked — 

" Do you know whom you were speaking to just now ?" 

" No, sir." 

"That is Peter Warburton, the President of the road." 

" Are you sure ?" asked the conductor, trying to conceal his 
agitation. 

"I know him." 

The color rose a little in the young man's face, but with a 
strong effort he controlled himself, and went on collecting his 
fares as usual. 

Meanwhile, Mr. Warburton sat quietly in his seat ; none of 
those near him could unravel the expression of his face, nor 
tell what the next movement in the scene would be. 

And he, of what thought he ? He had been rudely treated ; 
he had been unkindly taunted with the infirmity which perhaps 
had come through no fault of his. He could revenge himself 
if he chose. He could tell the directors the simple truth, and 
the young man would be deprived of his place at once. Should 
he do it ? And yet why should he care ? He knew what he 
was worth. He knew how he had risen to the position he now 
held. When a little orange peddler he stood by the street 
crossings, he had many a rebuff. He had outlived those days 
of hardship; he was respected now. Should he care for a 
stranger's roughness or taunt? 

Those who sat near him waited curiously for the end. Pres- 
ently the conductor came back. With a steady energy he' 
walked up to Mr. Warburton' s side; he took his books from 
his pocket, the bank bills and the tickets he had collected, and 
laid them in Mr. Warburton' s hand. 

" I resign my place, sir," he said. 

The President looked over the accounts for a moment, then 
motioning him to the vacant seat, said — 

" Sit down, sir; I would like to talk with you." 

As the young man sat down, the President turned to him a 
face in which there was no angry feeling, and spoke to him in 
an undertone — 

"My young friend, I have no revengeful feelings to gratify 
in this matter ; but you have been imprudent. Your manner, 
had it been thus to a stranger, would have been injurious to the 
company. I might tell the directors of this, but I will not. 
But in the future, remember to be polite to all you meet. You 
cannot judge a man by the coat he wears, and even the poorest 
should be treated with civility. Take up your books, sir. I 
shall tell no one of what has happened. If you change your 
course, nothing that has passed shall injure you. Your situa- 
tion is continued. Good morning, sir." 

Selected, 



&9^^^ac 



A MUDDY stream, flowing into one clear and sparkling, for a 
time rolls along by itself A little further down they unite 
and the whole is impure. So youth, untouched by sin, may 
for a time keep its purity in foul company, but a little later they 
mingle. 



f}^^' 



Cr TJ "V E IsT I L E i:tTSTie.TJOTOI2/. 



1S3 



la: 



(Coniimterf.) 



o? h: E 



Up to the latter part of March the organization of the camp 
was very imperfect. At the time it was decided that the 
Saints should remove from Nauvoo, about twenty-five men were 
selected by the General Council and called Captains of Hun- 
dreds. It was the business of each one of these to select one 
hundred families, and to see that they were prepared for a 
journey across the Kocky Mountains. After the captains of 
hundreds were chosen, they selected their own Captains of 
Fifties and of tens, clerks, etc. 

At the time appointed, such as were ready, out of these 
companies, commenced leaving Nauvoo. Brother Charles Shuni- 
way was the first who crossed the Mississippi river. That 
was on the 4th day of February, 18-16. Others followed from 
day to day and night to night, and an encampment was formed 
on the bank of the river and afterwards at Sugar Creek. 
After the arrival of President Toung and the Apostles there 
a partial organization was entered into. This was further 
advancedwhen the camp reached Richardson's Point. But so 
many who traveled with the camp for the purpose of rendering 
assistance for a little season returned to Nauvoo, and the differ- 
ent divisions were so far separated from each other by storms, 
bad roads and other circumstances, that it was impossible to 
effect anything like a perfect organization for the first few 
weeks. 

Ou the 27th of March, at the council called for the purpose 
of efl"eoting a more perfect organization, the Captains of Fifties 
were called for by President Young. He responded to his own 
call by naming himself as the captain of the first fifty. Elder 
Heber C. Kimball responded as captain of the second fifty. 
Elder P. P. Pratt of the third fifty. Peter Haws of the fourth 
fifty. Elder John Taylor of the fifth fifty and Bishop George 
Miller of the sixth fifty. 

President Young was unanimously elected President over the 
whole Camp of Israel. Brother Ezra T. Benson was elected 
captain over the first hundred. Brother John Smith captain 
of the second hundred, and Brother Samuel Bent captain of 
the third hundred. The captains of fifties chosen were: 
Albert P. Rockwood, Stephen Markham, John Harvey, 
Howard Egan, Charles C. Eich and John Chrismau. These 
took the places of the former captains of fifties, who were 
promoted to be presidents over their divisions of fifties, except 
that of the first hundred, which was laid over for further con- 
sideration. 

Besides the captains, there was a clerk appointed for the 
whole camp— Brother William Clayton— and a clerk for each 
of the fifties. These were : John D. Lee, John Pack, George 
Hales, Lorenzo Snow, John Oakley and Asahel A. Lathrop. 
Elder Willard Richards was sustained as the standing historian 
for the Chui'ch and camp. 

Then there was a contracting commissary appointed for each 
fifty. The duties of this olEeer was to counsel with the others, 
agree on terms, prices, etc, in purchasing corn, fodder, provi- 
sions and such articles as might be needed by their respective 
companies. Their names were : Henry G. Sherwood — who 
was also the acting Commissary General for the camp — David 
D. Yearsiey, William H. Edwards, Peter Haws, Samuel 
Gully and Joseph Warthen. 

A distributing commissary was also appointed for each fifty. 
Their names were: Charles Kennedy, Jedediah M. Grant, 
Nathan Tanner, Orson B. Adams, James Allred and Isaac 
AUred. The duties of these officers were to make a righteous 
distribution among their fifties of grain, provisions and such 
articles as were furnished for the use of the camp. 

This organization of the camp led to a more systematic 



method of traveling and attending to other duties. The com- 
panies were in a better condition to be controlled. The officers 
understood their duties, and generally attended to them, and 
the members of the companies had by this time learned the 
necessity of obedience and strict attention to order. At a 
counsel meeting subsequent to this President l^'oung told those 
present that they were taking a course that would result in 
salvation, not only to that camp, but to the Saints who were 
still behind. He said he did not think there ever had been a 
body of people since the days of Enoch, who had done so little 
grumbling under suc'i unpleasant circumstances. He was satis- 
fied that the Lord was pleased with the majority of the camp 
of Israel. But there had been some things done which were 
wrong. 

He sketched also a plan for forming settlements on the road, 
at which the Saints who came on, who had not the means to 
proceed on their journey, could stop and recruit their finances 
and obtain what they needed to proceed on their journey to the 
mountains. 

(7o be Continued.) 






J^l<nD 



TAIvE an ounce of the blackest slime of a beaten footpath on 
a rainy day, near a manufacturing town. That slime we 
shall fiad in most cases composed of clay (or brick-dust, which 
is burnt clay,) mixed with soot, a little sand and water. 

Let us suppose that this ounce of mud is left in perfect rest, 
and its elements gathered together, like to like, so that their 
atoms may get into the closest relations possible. Let the 
clay begin. Ridding itself of all foreign substance, it gradually 
becomes a white earth, already very beautiful and fit, with the 
help of congealing fire, to be made into the finest porcelain, and 
to be kept in kings' palaces. But such artificial consistence is 
not its best. Leave it still quiet, to follow its own instinct of 
unity, and it becomes not only white, but clear ; not only clear, 
but hard ; not only clear and hard, but so set that it can deal 
with light in a wonderful way, and gather out of it the loveliest 
blue rays only, refusing the rest. We call it then a sapphire. 

Such being the consummation of the clay, we give a similar 
permission of quiet to the sand. It also becomes, first a white 
earth, then proceeds to grow clear and hard, and at last arranges 
itself into mysterious, infiuitely parallel lines, which have the 
power of reflecting, not merely the blue rays, but the blue, 
green, purple, and red rays, in the greatest beauty in which 
they can be seen thro' any hard material whatever. We call it 
an opal. 

In next order the soot sets to work. It cannot make itself 
white at first, but instead of being discouraged, it tries harder 
and harder, and comes out clear at last, and the hardest thing 
in the world ; and, for the blackness that it had, obtains in ex- 
change the power of reflecting all the rays of the sun at once, in 
the vividest blaze that any solid thing can shoot. We call it 
then a diamond. 

Last of all, the water purifies or unites itself, contented 
enough if it only reaches the form of a dewdrop ; but, if we 
insist on its proceeding to a mere perfect consistence it crystal- 
lizes into the shape of a star. 

And for the ounce of slime which we had * * we have a 
sapphire, an opal, aod a diamond set in the midst of a star of 
snow. 

If such beautiful and glorious transformations can take place 
in mere matter, through the ordinary operation of the law which 
God has appointed, what will the transformation be in man, 
who has a soul and an intellect as well as a body, and on whose 
behalf God has interposed, and will yet interpose, in so mighty 
and marvelous a manner ? Selected. 



^ 



^t 









^);c 



jf 



i;24 



a"TJ^En^irjE! i:]srsTi2.TJCTOi^. 



i^^^§? 






I 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, AUGUST 3, 1872. 




"UK young readers know that the govern- 
ments of the world are cither mouarebies 
or republics; that in the former kings or 
queens arc the rulers or heads, and that, 
with rare exceptions, they reign until 
death ; while in republics women arc not 
permitted to hold authority, the chief man 
or officer is called president, and his term 
of office only lasts a few years, when be 
retires, and the pceple either re-elect him 
or bis successor. This is the way in this country, 
for you all know that the United States is a 
republic and that its bead, or chief magistrate, 
at the present time, is President U. S. Grant. 
The term of office of the Presidents of the 
United Statet. lasts four years, and hence, every 
four years, there is great excitement throughout the 
whole country over the nomination and election of a 
new president. 
Now, it happens that this is the year for the presi- 
dential election and, as in all preceding years of a like kind 
since the government was established, there is a good deal of 
excitement throughout the country, the two most popular 
candidates for the Presidency being General Grant, the present 
President, and Mr. Horace Greeley, editor of the New York 
Tribune, the former being the choice of the Republican party, 
the latter of the Liberal Republicans and the democrats; and 
from now until election day — the first Jlonday in November, it 
is very likely that the most exciting pohtical contest ever known 
in the country wUl take place. 

But we do not wish to tire our young readers with an article 
on the probable issue of the election, or with any opinions we 
may have of the merits or demerits of the several parties which 
will take part in, and endeavor to win, the political game now 
in progress. We have a very different motive in writing this, 
namely to show that, however humble the circumstances in 
■which men may be born and by which they may be surrounded 
in youth, they may, in this country more than in any other, if 
they but possess intelligence, integrity and perseverance, attain 
to high and exalted stations in life. 

History furnishes the names of many men of this kind, but 
in Bouie countries the chances arc much greater against this 
.sort of thing than in others. In England, for instance, the 
working classes arc so poorly paid for their labor that, no mat- 
ter how much intelligence any amongst them may posses.s, they 
have no chance for education, and without that a man has hardly 
a shadow of a hope to raise himself from the humble sphere 
in which he was bom. Once in a while howcver,evcu there, the 
possessor of brilliant genius, no matter how humbly born, or 
how poor his education, docs become the associate of the 
proudest and highest in the land. George Stcven.son, who 
invented railways, was a man of this kind. You have already 
read in the Juvenile l.vsimcTOK that he worked in a coal pit 
a good de:.l of his life, and that, so far as schooling or books were 
concerned, he was a very ignorant man. But he conceived and 
successfully carried out the grand idea of building railroads, and 
the noblest in the land took pleasure in honoring him. 



The father of the late Sir Robert Peel was the owner of a 
cotton factory in Lancashire, and though a wealthy man, ia 
England the members of the class to which Sir. Peel belonged 
— merchants and traders — are not admitted into aristocratic 
circles. But Robert Peel, the son of the above-named gentle- 
man was the possessor of transcendent ability as a statesman, 
and by that means worked his way higher and higher until he 
became Premier of England — second only to the sovereign, and 
the companion of lords and princes, and acknowledged to be 
one of the greatest statesmen England ever produced. 

Napoleon the First furnishes another instance of this kind : 
he was the son of a poor lawyer in the small island of Corsica, 
but solely by the exertion of the genius born with him he 
became not only the greatest warrior that ever lived, and the 
terror of Europe, but the Emperor of France. 

Numerous other examples might be cited from European 
history of men of obscure birth becoming great and famous ; 
but for the most numerous examples of this kind we must look 
to the United States : here self-made men flourish on every 
hand, and they are continually rising. One great reason of this 
is that tbs class distinctions which exist in Europe are unknown 
here, and hence fame, influence and fortune are prizes open to 
all who have the ability and energy to compete for them, and 
on this account many of the leading men of the nation, past or 
present, have been born in bumble life. 

Daniel Webster, one of the greatest men America has pro- 
duced, whose fame as a lawyer and orator is world-wide, was 
the sou of a farmer. The late Senator Stephen A. Douglas, 
known as the "Little Giant," one of the leading statesmen of 
this country, was a cabinet-maker in his young daj's. Many of 
the leading men of America to-day, started life obscure and un- 
known. Governor Palmer, of Illinois, was once a country 
j blacksmith ; one of the leading lawyers of Illinois — Thomas 
Hoyne, was formerly a book-binder. Erastus Corning, a lead- 
ing merchant of New York, too lame for bard labor, applied 
for a place as a shop-boy in the city of Albany. The proprietor 
of the place, noticing his unfortunate condition, said to him, 
"Why, my little boy, what can you do?" and received the 
characteristic reply — "Can do what I am bid." That answer 
got him the place, and started him on the road to fortune. Ex- 
Governor Stone, of Iowa, was formerly a cabinet-maker. 
Thurlow Weed, another noted man in the East, was formerly 
driver of a canal boat; and so we might go on, enumerating 
scores and scores of instances of a like kind, but we shall only 
mention two or three more, first of which is the present Presi- 
dent of the United States — Ulysses S. Grant. He was formerly 
a tanner, but when the Rebellion broke out he joined the Union 
army and soon gave evidence of being a master spirit in the 
soldier's profession, his ability rapidly gaining him promotion, 
until he finally became commander-in-chief of the entire forces, 
and then President of the greatest nation in the world. The 
second man to him, in the government — the Vice President, 
Mr. Colfax, formerly worked as a journeyman printer; while 
the new nouiiuee of the Republican party for Vice President — 
Honorable Henry Wilson, Senator in Congress from Jlassa- 
chusetts, was formerly a shoemaker. 

The last name we shall mention in this connection is that of 
Mr. Greeley, the candidate for the Presidency nominated by a 
combination of the Liberal Republican and Denjocratic parlies. 
Mr. Greeley was the .son of a farmer who.se circumstances were 
■so straitened that his wife had to go to work in the field in 
bay and harvest time. Horace received a moderate education, 
moderate even for tho.se days, and was eventually apprenticed 
to a printer, learned that trade and started a little paper, and 
he has gradually worked his way to the very head of American 
journalism and is now candidate, with seemingly good prosiwcta 
of success, for the Presidency. 

We mi^ht cite .you to numbers of the leading men in this 
Territory, who started life in humble circumstances who now. 



••5'. 






I 



s^.-^SW^' 



CrTJ^E:N"IIL>E IIsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



125 "'^^ 






through their energy, ability and integrity, occupy positions of 
eminence and trust ; but we forbear, enough having been said 
for the present. 

Some persons think it is a very lucky and desirable thing to 
be born rich, or the children of vrealthy parents. There are, 
beyond question, some advantages in this, but after all, the best 
possession in this world, is a sound, intelligent, well-balanced 
brain and a healthy body. An American boy who possesses 
these, if he be industrious and honorable, has the ffrandest 
birthright imaginable, for there is positively no bar in his path, 
to power, honor, wealth and fame. 

Boys, think this subject over, and while in youth, lay the 
foundation for a manhood of honor and success. All of you 
who possess the birthright mentioned above, have nothing to 
hinder but everything to ensure, your success. 



CS-J^TTIEIRIiTG- IF'LO'VVEK.S. 



CHILDREN picking flowers! How suggestive of innocence 
and happiness is everything about this little picture — the 
children, their occupation, and the flowers! Who that has 
reached years of maturity cannot remember the days when they 
sauntered through the fields and green lanes, and, in sportive 




mood, picked the beautiful wild-flowers — the cowslips, butter- 
cups, daisies, bluebells, honeysuckles, violets, and other 
gems of fragrance and beauty so common in many localities 
where, in childhood's days, they used to roam, the recollec- 
tion of which is consecrated among the pleasant memories of 
the past? 

Flowers are among the most striking emblems in creation of 
God's beauty-creating power! What a wonderful combination 
of color they present, and how fragile, and sweet they are! 
Then they arc to be found in almost every locality; no matter, 
hardly, how barren, lonely and desert it may be, there is Uiost 
sure to be flowers tlaurc rearing their tiny heads ;is if trying to 
temper and mollify, by their beauty and I'rugranco, the .sur- 
rounding sterility. 

Then how gorgeous their dress is! No wonder the Savior, 
when referring to the lilies of the field exclaimed, "\^crily, I 
say unto you that Solomon, in all his glory was not arrayed like 
one of these;" and in attempting to copy nature the most gift- 
ed artist fahs short of the beauty and luirmouy of color to be 
found even in the simplest wild flower; and the latter is far 
l.clii ill, in this respect, of the beaiitirs of the well-cultivated 
flower garden, for culture does as mucli for fiowera as it does 
for human beings. As an illustration of this, who would for a 
moment compare the wild with the tame rose, and yet the 



latter, without cultivation, would soon degenerate, and be little 
if any sweeter or more beautiful than its wild namesake. 

It is a wise ordination of Providence that the love of flowers 
is so general among mankind, for this love has a refining, soften- 
ing and elevating influence on the human mind and feelings. 
He or she who assiduously cultivates a love of flowers can 
hardly, by any possibility, be bad and corrupt at heart. A love 
of the beautiful in nature is seldom or ever accompanied by 
wickedness and depravi'^y : they are incompatible, and cannot 
be linked together. We remember, once, hearing or reading 
of a footsore and wearied traveler, who, towards the close of a 
long day's march, reached a poor looking house, the only one he 
had seen for miles, and apparently the only one in a large 
extent of country. He badly needed rest and refreshment, but 
the house being in such a wild and lonely region, he felt some 
anxiety as to whether it would be safe to try and obtain them 
there, thinking, perhaps that it might be a rendezvous for rob- 
bers, or other desperate characters. While he was pondering 
the matter over in his mind, his fears were all at once allayed 
or rather removed by discovering, close by the house, a small 
but carefully tended flower-bed. He felt sure that a love of 
flowers, and a love of crime and villainy did not dwell together, 
and emboldened by this idea, he sought and obtained that 
which he so much needed — refreshment and rest, also kind 
treatment within the walls of the solitary hut. 

Boys and girls, cultivate a love of flowers. A number or two 
back you had in the "Juvenile" a short story entitled '"What 
Came of It," illustrating, as well as could be, the value of a 
little flower-bed, and the blessing and benefit resulting to one 
iamily through a portion of its members cherishing their love 
of flowers. Developing such a taste may never prove so great 
a blessiu'i to any of you, but you can not cultivate a close 
acquaintance with any department of Nature's works without 
increasing your store of wisdom, which, the sacred writer says, 
is better than gold. We do not by any means advise you to 
use j'our time foolishly in tending a flower-bed ; but we do 
believe that if boys and girls, after performing the duties and 
tasks assigned them by their parents, guardians or teachers, 
have a little time at their dispofal, they will employ it 
both profitably and agreeably in enlarging their knowledge of, 
and cultivating a closer acquai'M'tance with flowers — those jewels 
with which God everywhere adorns the face of creation. 
" God might have made the earth bring forth 

Enough for great and small, 

The oak tvte and the cedar tree 

Without a flower at all. 

He might have made enough, enough 

For CTer3' want of ours ; 

For luxury, medicine, and toil, 

And yet hare made no flowers. 

Our outward life requires them not— 

Then wherefore have they birth ? 

To minister delight to man, 

To beautify the earth ; 

To comfort man — to whisxier hope, 

Whene'er his faith is dim ; 

For whoso careth for the flowers, 

Will much more care for Him." 



Politeness.— Some years ago, a dry goods salesnjan, in a 
London shop, had acquired such a reputation for courtesy and 
exhaustless patience that it was said to be impossible to pro- 
voke from him any expression of irritability, or the smallest 
symptom of vexation. A lady of rank, hearing of this wonder- 
ous equanimity, deleruiiued to put it to the test by all the 
annoyances with which a veteran shop-visitor knows how to 
tease a shop-man. She failed in the attempt, and therefore 
set him up in business. He rose to eminence in the haber- 
dashery trade, and the mainspring of success in his latter, as in 
his early career, was politeness. 






1S6 



0""O"'7'E3^ZLE] inNrsa?:E^TJGTOI^. 



[For the Juve7iiie Inatntctor, 



^Itmhhi^ nl €uttttaatt i^littgs. 



:fossiij ifxjexj. 



to the growth 
accelerates its 



<^'^'^ 



IT ■will enable the young reader to form a better idea of the 
causes that have given rise to, and the nature of, the vast 
deposits of fossil fuel, by describing the natural operations that 
are now going on and forming fuel deposits in various places. 

When the soil of any country has a flat, basin-like form, so 
that the water that flows on to it from the surrounding country 
can not freely flow away, but remains stagnant for a length of 
time, there will be a growth of vegetation such as is character- 
istic of marshy places. If the climate is temperate, so that 
solar evaporation does not carry off the stagnant water, in time 
a dense mass of tangled vegetation, consisting of reeds, rushes, 
mosses, ferns and willows will be reen, with here and there brush- 
wood and, perhaps, even trees, in favorable situations. Many 
of these water-plants will deposit their seeds and die, others 
will merely lose their leaves, which fall and die also. The 
annuals, that is, the plants that live for only one year, will 
speedily decay, for, although water is favorable 
and preservation of vegetation while alive, it 
decay and dissolution when dead. 

In this decomposition seeds sown in such places seldom 
share, for they have vitality in them, so have the roots of trees. 
The rapid decay of the bulk of the vegetation of these marshy 
places is highly favorable to the growth of future plants, it 
forms, in fact, the soil for the nest generation to thrive on. 

When circumstances like these continue year after 3'ear, a 
mass of vegetable matter is accumulated that, at great depths, 
becomes almost solid, in which few traces remain of its vegeta- 
ble origin. The debris of plants reduced to this state by 
decay is called pea/; when it has a black, shining, wax-like 
appearance it is known as intcli-peat. Small dejiosits of this 
kind of fuel are found in most countries, but in some, immense 
tracts of country are covered with such formations, which arc 
known as bogs, morasses, peat-moors etc., according to their 
locality, magnitude and condition. 

From these deposits fuel is obtained, in many countries, that 
differs in value according to the circumstances under which the 
deposits were made ; if earthy matter has been washed down 
by freshets from time to time the peat is inferior, on account of 
the ash it forms when burning; by "ash" is meant the mineral 
matter left after burning. When the peat has been formed by 
the decay of vegetable matter alone, the amount of "ash" is 
small and represents only the ordinary mineral constituents of 
plants. There is, in fact, the same difference, relatively^ in 
peat that there is in coal, and jirobably from the same cause, 
for coal is of vegetable origin. 

That which Nature is now doing, upon a comparatively small 
scale, in the formation of peat, has been done in the grandest 
manner in the formataon of coal. It was done, too, when the 
earth was preparing for the advent of man, when space, or time 
was no object, for only animals existed who delighted in the 
wild vegetation of that period; and, there was no man to take 
note of time. Thus, wlun the accumulation of great depths of 
vcget;ible matter was buri"il up, by submersion in the waters of 
ancient seas, to undergo dccouiposition, and become consolidated 
under the pressure of enormous deposits, brought down, by the 
perturbed waters, from mountain masses broken up by natural 
convulsions incidental to the formation of a world, no one was 
inconvenienced. 

The repetition of such catastrophes, by which lands were up- 
lifted, to again bring forth forests, for the future use of man, 



which, in turn, were again buried to become fossil fuel, were 
events of indifi^erence when there were none to take cognizance 
of them. So, for thousands of years, perhaps for thousands of 
ages, the bright sun shone, the same sun we see to-day, to 
bring forth the gigantic vegetation that characterised the "car- 
boniferous" epoch of the geologist; during which period was 
formed our fossil fuel, our anthracite and coal, the chemical 
qualities of which, and of lignite, a subsequent formation, we 
may now investigate. Betii. 






OUR readers will have seen, long since, that we do not 
approve of publishing tales or stories in the pages of the 
Juvenile Instrdctou. Our reasons for this have been ex- 
plained in the "Editorial Thoughts," and need not be enlarged 
upon now. Tales and stories have more charms for the great 
majority of young readers than any other kind of reading; but 
the bad feature in connection with their perusal is that it leads 
to novel reading, which we regard as one of the worst habits 
boys or girls can acquii-e. We know that the publication of 
tales or stories is one of the most attractive features in maga- 
zines published for young folks, and the more extravagant 
these stories are the more popular they are. Such reading is 
worse than useless, for while it does not store the mind with 
information, it so weakens its powers as in time to render it 
incapable of study, and the memory of retaining anything useful 
which may be read. We desire the Juvenile Instructor to 
be useful, and our principal aim in publishing it is to make it 
so. Its articles are written in a plain, simple style, so that 
children can understand every word used; but we wish all 
its articles to bo a means of imparting something useful to 
those who read them, and while we also desire to furnish 
amusement to our readers, utility will always stand first. For 
these reasons stories have seldom appeared in our pages, and 
when they have, they have been of such a character as to con- 
vey some good — useful — precept or lesson to the young mind ; 
and in publishing anything of the kind in future, we shall have 
the same end in view. By way of a slight change, and in the 
hope of interesting and also of amusing our 3'ouug friends, we 
propose to furnish them one or two articles on " Circumstantial 
Evidence," which will be found about as amusing as stories, 
but with this additional merit — they are true. 

Before proceeding further, though, we must tell j'ou what 
"Circumstantial Evidence" means. When a per.son is on trial 
for murder or any other crime, and not one of the witnesses 
against him saw him commit the deed, but he is convicted 
because all the circumstances connected with the case seem to 
point to him as the guilty party, the evidence is not direct and 
positive, but circumstantial, and it has frequently happened, on 
the strength of such evidence, that innocent parties have been 
condemned to, and have suffered, death, or other severe punish- 
ment. In some instances of this kind the guilty parties have 
not been discovered until years after, when it was too late to 
make atonement to those unjustly punished ; and in other cases, 
there is not any doubt that the guilty have never been discover- 
ed. In those articles we shall give you an account of a few of 
the most noted cases of this kind on record. They were origin- 
ally printed in Cltamhcrs' Misccllariy^ but are ro-written and 
condensed so as to be more suitable ibr young readers. The 
first case we shall mention occurred in this country, the victim 
being a poor German, who w;is arrested on a charge of murder, 
and put to death, under the following singular circumstances: 

On landing in New York he got lodgings with a man ami his 
wife who, as he soon found out, were nearly always quarrelling. 
The German could not understand a word they said, but he 



'^ISm 




#: 



J-TJ^EILTILE] IIsrSTIS/TJOTOK/ 




1S7 



knew they were quarrelling by their loud tones and angry 
gestures. One day •while the German was peeling some pota- 
toes for his dinner with a stout pocket knife, his landlord and 
landlady were having a terrible quarrel, when the woman sud- 
denly snatched the knife from the hands of the German, and 
stabbed her husband to the heart. She then ran into the 
street and cried "murder," several times, which soon brought 
a number of persons to the spot, and they went inside the house 
and found the German with the dying man in his arms, he having 
gone to his assistance and drawn the knife from his body, after 
the murderess had left the room and ran into the street. 

The women accused the poor German of murdering her hus- 
band, and he, not being able to speak English, could not con- 
tradict her, and as appearances were very much against him — 
his clothes being bloody, and his knife also covered with blood, 
he was taken to prison, and was subsequently tried, and hanged 
for the crime, and it was not until several years after that his 
innocence was proved, by the real culprit confessing, while dy- 
ing, that she was the guilty party. 

We will now relate to you the particulars of another case ter- 
minating as fatally as the above, which occurred in the city of 
Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland. The victims in this case were 
a father and his dau>,;hter named Shaw. Miss Shaw had a sweet- 
heart to whom her father was very much opposed, he desiring his 
daughter to marry a man that he had chosen for a son-in-law. 
This led to frequent and violent disputes between the father and 
daughter, and one day, after a sharp quarrel, Shaw locked his 
daughter in her room, and went out. They lived in a tenement 
house, that is a house containing a number of rooms, inhabited 
by as many different families. After Shaw had left the house, 
as above stated, some persons living in the adjoining room, 
hoard the girl weeping bitterly, saying, between her sobs, 
"cruel father, you will be the death of me." Her moans and 
cries gradually became weaker and weaker, and finally ceased, 
which alarmed the parties who had heard them and they burst 
open the door of the room and found the girl speechless and 
dying, lying in a pool of blood with a knife by her side. They 
asked her if her father had killed her, but, being unable to 
speak, she made a motion with her head, which the beholders 
believed was meant for an answer in the aiErmative. Mr. Shaw 
was immediately arrested, and though no person saw him com- 
mit the deed, and he stoutly denied his guilt to the last moment 
of his life, circumstances were so strong against him that he 
was tried, condemned, and suft'cred death for the murder of his 
daughter. Some time after his execution a written jjaper was 
found in the room in which the deed was done, the writing 
being recognized as that of Miss Shaw, in which she stated 
that, as her father had expressed his determination not to let 
her marry the man of her choice, she had killed herself to pre- 
vent him compelling her to marry another. 

The following are the particulars of a very singular instance 
of this kind, said to have occurred in the county of Kent, Eng- 
land, in the year 1723 : A young man who was learning the 
business of sail-making in London, got leave of his master, 
about Christmas time, to visit his mother, who lived a few 
miles from the town of Deal. The young sail-maker, reached 
Deal in the evening, and having a sudden attack of illness he 
concluded to stay there for ihe night, and he obtained lodgings 
at an inn kept by a woman, an acquaintance of his mother, 
lie and an uncle of the mistress of the inn, boatswain of an 
East ludiaman, slept in the same bed, and in the morning the 
uncle was missing, and the bed in which he had slept was 
stained with blood. The young sail-maker was also missing, 
and this led to the belief that he had murdered his bed-fellow. 
The young man was traced to his mother's house and arrested 
on the charge of murder, suspicion against him being strength- 
ened on finding his shirt stained with blood, and in his pocket 
a knife and a curious silver coin, both of which the landlady of 
the inn swore had belonged to her missing uncle. 



The sail-maker denied the crime and stated in his defence, 
that on the night he slept at the inn he had been compelled to 
get up and go out of doors, that the latch of the bedroom door 
being out of order, he could not open it, when his bed-fellow 
told him to take his pocket knife, and open the window with it. 
He did so, and on his return, the old man was missing and he 
saw no more of him. This was a slim defence, and he was 
tried for the murder, condemned to death, and executed. 

The hanging was not very artistically done and, when pro- 
nounced dead, the neck of the supposed culprit was not broken, 
and his body being given to his friends they, with medical 
assistance, which they had ready, restored him to life and 
health. To avoid discovery the unfortunate youth went for a 
sailor on board a man-of-war, served sevepal years, and once, 
while in the West Indies, was transferred from his ship to 
another, and on the latter found the man for whose murder he 
had been tried and executed. The former sail-maker explained 
the circumstances to the boatswain, and from him learned the 
cause of his sudden disappearance. He said that on the even- 
ing on which they met, he had been bled in the arm, and while 
in bed the bandage got loose, and his arm commenced bleeding 
afresh. Alarmed at this he arose and dressed himself for the 
purpose of going to the person who bled him, who lived just 
across the street, and while on his way there he was seized by a 
press-gang and hurried off to a ship at the quay, and had been 
at sea ever since. 

Both the men returned to England, and their appearance 
caused surprise and delight to their friends. 
(To he continued.) 



j^ T^ijKiiisrcs- nvcj^OHiiisrE. 



A LATE number of an Eastern paper publishes an account 
of some exhibitions, recently given in New York City, of 
a machine, resembling the human figure, which talked in three 
languages, and which can be so controlled by the operator as to 
pronounce the sounds of any language. Some thirty years ago 
a Mr. Faber, a German, gave similar exhibitions in some of the 
principal cities in Europe, with a talking machine of his own 
invention, which, for a time, was considered a marvel, but as 
the machine could not be turned to any practical account, it was 
soon forgotten. The owner of the machine exhibited in New 
York is a Mr. Fiiber, and he is the son of the European exhib- 
itor mentioned above, and the present machine is an improve- 
ment on the one formerly exhibited by his father. 

l''or a machine to be able to articulate the sounds in different 
languages is very extraordinary, and must have required im- 
mense study and labor to invent it; for though it is seemingly 
a simple matter for us to talk to one another, yet our talking 
apparatus, consisting of the tongue, larynx, glottis, trachea, elc.,^ 
is really one of the most beautiful and wonderful portions of 
that most wonderful of all structures — the human body. 

We just now used some hard words, or rather uncommon 
words— trachea, glottis and larynx, which some of you perhaps 
do not understand. They are terms used in the scieuce of 
anatomy, and unfortunately science delights in hard, strange- 
sounding words. If instead of trachea the word windpipe 
were used, you would all understand it, and that is the English 
equivalent of the word " trachea." We do not know any com- 
mon, simple English word that can be used in place of ''larynx" 
and "glottis," and so we must explain them to you as well as 
we can without. Larynx is the name given to a small, gristly 
cavity or tube at the top of the windpipe ; and glottis is the 
name given to the opening of that small cavity. You see, 
they are very simple words when understood ; but unfortunately 
our language has no simple equivalents for many of the 
words used in science and art, hence Latin and Greek words 



iB^^- 




^ 






ISS 



CTTJ^EnSTILE IliTSTieyTJOTOIL 



are adopted, and they M like meaniugless sound on the unedu- 
cated ear. You could scarcely find a boy or girl, if tliey had 
never been to school a day in their lives, but what would know 
what windpipe means ; but it is very different with such words 
as "trachea," "larynx" etc. If, however, you remember this 
explanation you will have no difficulty when j'ou meet them 
again ; and you will now be much better able to understand the 
following description of the talking machine; 

It "consists of the mouth and larynx, the bellows suppb'ing 
the current of air to the latter, tlie treadle which works the bel- 
lows, and finally, the various levers which move the mechanism 
producing the different sounds.' The larynx is made of india- 
rubber, and the part corresponding to the glottis in the human 
throat is constructed of strips of ivory. The lower jaw is mov- 
able, and is made of gutta-percha. The upper jaw is station- 
ary, and is formed of wood. The upper lip is of leather, and 
the roof of the mouth, gutta percha ; the soft palate is omitted, 
and the tongue, which is of rubber, is made flexible, and is so 
arranged as to press against the back of the throat or again.st 
the hard palate. A thin strip of metal falling from above the 
upper lip is made to close the mouth and so supply the place of 
the teeth in producing the dental sounds." 

The vowels a, e, 2, o,-v^ and the consonants^, i, J,f.j, sh^ 
v.\ 1 and r, with their various combinations are all that are used, 
and with these it is said the sounds of any language can be 
uttered by this machine. It pronounces German more easily 
than English or French, but, probably because its inventors are 
Germans, it sounds the English th very much like (Z, and can 
not give that sound properly. 

The bellows of the machine supply the place of lungs, and 
are worked with the foot of the operator. The pitch of the 
voic; can be made high or low at the will of the operator, but 
the voice is incapable of modulation, and all the speeches 
uttered by the machine are in the same tone, or by way of 
variation some words are made to die away in a doleful wail. 
This is the only modulation of which it is capable. 

When the exhibitions are given, the first attempts at speak- 
ing are single words, generally given names, such as Alexandria, 
Maria, and so on. Then sentences are attempted, the exhib- 
ition closing as follows: "Good night, ladies and gentlemen. 
I hope you are .satisfied with me," which is pronounced: 
Gootali nai-te Inytlieea anner-r-r-r janthrmn. Al rqie ceu air 
saJi-teea-faitJie otiee/Jie ume-e-e, the final letter dying out in a 
squeak. 

When French is spoken an india-rubber mask is fixed over 
the mouth, and the .sounds are made to come through the nose, 
thus forming the nasal sounds which characterize that other- 
wise beautiful language. 

Such a machine as this is a great curiosity, and must have 
required vast labor and study, and a very high order of inven- 
tive genius to bring it to its present perfection; but as the 
thing itself is of no use it seems a pity that so much time and 
ability should have been used to so little purpose. Had the 
inventors bestowed their powers on something useful, they 
might have been benefactors to their race. 



[For the Juvenile In/itiuctor, 



G h: .^ K. ^ HD E . 



liV MISS CnAULOTTi: SHELI.KY. 



I am composed of 8 letters: 

My 3, fi, 3, 8, Is the name of a fruit ; 

My 5, 7, 1, 4, is a part of the I'Ofly ; 

My 1, 7, 8, is something wc all like to ride iti ; 

My whole is a river in the Southern States. 



The answer to the Charade in Number Fourteen is NORTHAMP- 
TON. Correct solutions have I>cen received from Charles Tlrigey 
and James H. Anderson, Salt Lake City. 



$l$t%th ^titft^. 




'woi^.ic .A-HsriD Tiaiiisri^. 



Hammer, tongs and anvil ringing 

TVakins:: echoes all day long. 
In ft dce]i-toned voice arc singing 

Thrifty labor's iron song. 

From a thousand fly-wheels hounding, 
From a thousand Immming looms, 

Niaht and day the notes are sounding 
Through the. misty factory rooms. 

Listen, workmen, to their play, 
There's advice in every clink ; 
Still they're singing, still they're singing 
" Whilst you labor, learn to think!" 

Think what power lies within you, 
For what triumphs you were formed, 

If, in aid of bone and sinew, 
Hearts by emulation warmed. 

Mighty thoughts ye woo and cherish, 
What shall hold your spirits down ? 

What shall make your high hopes perish ? 
Why shall ye mind fortune's frown '! 

Do ye wish for profit, pleasure ? 

Thirs-t at Learning's fount to drink ? 
Crave j-e honor, fame or treasure? 

Ve the germs liave — work and think! 

Think! but not alone of living, 
Like the horse, from day to day ; 

Think! but not alone of giving 
Health for pelf, or soul for pay! 

Think! Oh! be machines no longer, 

Toiling just for daily food. 
Think! — 'twill make you fresher, stronger, 

Link you to the great and good! 

Thought exalts and lightens labor; 

Thought forbids the soul to sink! 
Self-respect and love to neighbor 

Mark the men who work and think. 



How proud we are! how fond to show 
Our clothes, and call them rich and new, 
When the poor sheep and silk-worm wore 
That very clothing long before. 

The tulip and the butterfly 
Appear in gayer coats than I; 
Let me be dressed flue as I will. 
Insects and flowers e.vccl me still. 

Then will I set my heart to find 
Inward adorniugs of the mind; 
Knowledge and virtue, truth and grace, 
These are the robes of richest dress. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER 



dingle Copy, per Amium 82 50. 

Iff Grain brought to thiR City for the .Juvenilk Instructor will be 
leccivcd at the oDlce of our paper— Deskret Nkws Uuildinos. 




