«3K 



^ 




VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CTY. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1869. 



NO. 4. 



EZDOZMI JL2STJD THE EDOMITBS- {Continued.) 



WE now propose to continue the history of Edom at the 
point we left it in our last. 

During the reigns succeeding this total destruction of the 
armva of Edom a number of wars occurred between the de- 
scendants of Jacob and Esau. Their results varied, sometimes 
Israel was triumphant, sometimes Esau, until the reign of 
Ahaz, when the Edomites made inroads into Judea and carried 
away many captives, the children of Judah about the same 
time being expelled from the few possessions they still held in 
the land of Edom. Thus was fulfilled the second part of Jacob's 
blessing upon his son Esau: "it shall come to pass when thou 
shalt have the dominion, thou shalt break his yoke from off thy 
neck." 

From the litttle that is 
told us of the Edomites 
from this time forward they 
appear to have increased in 
power for a considerable 
period, and were not blow in 
using that power to the in- 
jury of Israel and Judah. 
By joinwg the Chaldeans 
and others in their wa.s 
against the tribes of Israel 
they managed to gain pos- 
session of .Canaan as far 
west as Hebron, so that the 
"hill country of Judah" is 
often included in Edom by 
latter writers. At what 
time they obtained possess- 
ion of that region is uncer- 
tain, but probably during 
the Jewish captivity iu 
Babylon. 

After the return of the 
Jews to their loved city and fitherland, the old hatred broke 
out afresh between Jacob and Esau, and war commenced as 
soon as Judas Maccabeus assembled his warriors to contend 
for Israel's national faith and existence. Judav gained sever?! 
victories over the Edomites, and drove them from Hebron; they 
were more completely overpowered by John Hycranus, the son 
of Mmon Maccabeus, about 128 yens before the birlli of 
Christ, when they agreed — as Joseph us informs us — to be cir- 
cumcised and to adopt the Jewish laws and modes of life, and 
become to a certain extent united with that people. This seem- 
ing union, however, does not appear to have destroyed the old 
jealousy that existed between the two nations. Many of yon 
will remember thai Herod the Great and his successors, who 




acted as Roman Governors of Judea, were Edomites or as they 
were then called Idumeans. 

This country onco called Edom or Idumea is now included in 
Arabia Petra (Arabia the Rocky) so named from the wild, 
rocky, mountainous character of the region. It is inhabited to 
day by a number of wandering Arab tribes, who owe partial 
allegiance, and pay a tribute to the Pasha of Egypt. 

The most remarkable feature of this land that now exists to 
draw the adventurous traveler into its dreary wastes is the re- 
mains of its ancient capital, Petra — a city hewn in the rocks. 
"The name Petra, Selah or the rock is one of the most descrip- 
tive ever applied to any place, as the whole wondrous scene is 
one mass of living rock. There are houses of rock, a theatre 

of rock, and tombs innum- 
erable of lock, and stairs 
and excavations and 
works without number and 
without end, all exquisite- 
ly chiseled or elaborately 
<lug in solid rook. It was 
once a centre or focus of 
■onimerce, the roads from 
he east and west and from 
various other quarters all 
onverged into Petra." 
tut when Babylon and 
N'inevah crumbled in tha 
lust, and the glory and 
iiower of Egypt disap- 
peared the roads of Edom 
ceased to be filled with the 
merchandize of these na- 
tions, and as their glory 
departed, it sunk also. 
For many hundred years its 
secluded situation in "the 
cleft of the rocks," hid it from all eyes, save that of a few 
prowling Arabs who huddled in its ruins, or pitched their tents 
in the shadow of its hills. Now wild beasts and birds, scorp- 
ions and bats fulfill the word of the Lord spoken against it by 
making it their home. He has indeed, as lie declared he 
would, made Edom "a de-o!ute wilderness," that her cities lay 
waste and her fatness is departed from her, for her land is bar- 
ren and "most desolate," and has "laid the mountains of Esau 
his hetitage waste for the dragons of the wilderness." 



ami 



The engraving of this city we gave in our last number, and 

the one in this of one of its most elegantly OUt structures will 

give ourrcadersa better idea of its magnitude and beauty and 
the desolate, strange character of the surrounding country than 



"(C* 




<ar 



£6 



CT TJ "V IE IT 1 1_, IE IITSTBUCTOB, 



TO 



(ft 



?"5'. 



we could do by any lengthy description. We will simply say 
that the tomb, temple or whatever else it might have been 
that is now before us, is one of the most beautiful works of art 
on the earth. Its magnitude also is surprising. It is 120 fee t 
high from its base to the urn on the top, and 108 feet in breadth. 
It is called by the Aiabs "the treasure of Pharaoh" from the'.r 
belief that the urn which crowns the edifice is filled with im- 
mense treasures of gold and silver. Inside it is dark and des- 
olate, corresponding but little with the magnificence of its 
exterior. G. R. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



A TRUE STORY — SECOND PART. 



HIS SCALDED LEG GETS QUITE BETTER. 



LITTLE George at length got entirely well of his scald, and 
wore his stocking and shoe the same as on the other foot 

and leg. 

He continued to help his mistress with her work down stairs 
every day; he kindled the fire in the morning, took out the 
ashes, put ou the tea-kettle, swept up the house, and got the 
milk from the milk man, who came shouting, "milk, milk!" 
While he was doing all this his master and new acquaintance 
were working up stairs, and his mistress taking an extra nap. 

After his work was done down stairs, he always awoke his 
mistress, and then went to his work in the shop a short time, 
while she dressed herself, and began to get breakfast ready. 
After this was done she never missed calling at the foot of the 
stairs: "George, come down, I want you to go to the shop." 

He loved to go on these morning visits to the shop, espe- 
cially in the Spring time, after a cold, drizzly, foggy Winter, 
for the air was so balmy and sweet, and those wuo were not 
out at the factory working, but w.io had to stay at home to get 
breakfast ready, were busy opening their window shutters with 
a bang, sweeping their front door stops with a will, some wash- 
ing them and stoning them with soft yellow sand stone; and 
some|polishing their door-knobs, and brass plates with the mas- 
ter's name on, until they were as bright as silver, and others 
brightening the scrapers on one side of the uoors with black 
lead until they became as bright as mamma's stove when it is 
newly cleaned. And little boy=and girls in their night dresses, 
some of them rubbing their eyes hardly awake, might be sei;n 
peeping out to see whether it was a nice day for them to romp 
and play out of doors. And the little dogs and the big dogs 
met with friendly wags of their tails at the corners of the 
streets, pricking up their ears and smelling each other's noses, 
saying in their way, "(Jood morning, good morning! how do 
you do this morn n.'.'" And the cats that had been out all the 
night caterwauling in the darkness were stealthily creeping to- 
wards their homes, to purr before the bright warm fire, and get 
their share of porridge and milk, after the children had eaten 
theirs. And the crows were skimming through the air, after 
leaving their quarters in a neighboring rookery to visit distant 
fields in search of their breakfasts. And the sparrows on the 
walls and spout.-, chirped and hopped, and flitted about with happy 
glee, glad to see the morning light, and hoping to have lots of 
fun, during the day, in the bright sunshine. None of these 
joyous Bights escaped little George's notice as he ran gaily 
along to the shop in a street close by, to get bread, batter, or 
something which his mistress wanted. 



Now, the people of the big city, and the country places near 
to it, received their wages in gold and silver and copper at the 
end of every week, when their week's work was done. Their 
money is quite different from our money. We have gold and sil- 
ver and copper for money in Utah, too, but the money used 
the most is called, "United States currency," or "Greenbacks," 
because green is the color of the paper that we use for money. 
A dollar greenback is not worth as much by one quarter as a 
dollar in gold. Gold is always worth its face value in any 
country, while the greenback is not worth what it pretends 
to be. 

They use paper notes for money sometimes in the big city, 
but there they are worth as much in gold, silver or copper, as 
they say they are on the face of them. The lowest copper peice 
in use in that country is a farthing, and two farthings make 
one halfpenny, two halfpennies one penny, twelve pennies one 
shilling and twenty shillings one pound. They have silver 
pieces for money, one equal to four pennies, one equal to six 
pennies, called a six-pence; one equal to twelve pennies, called 
a sh liing; one equal to thirty pennies, called a half-crown, or 
two shillings and six-pence; and one equal to sixty pennies, 
called a crown, or five shilling'piece. They have a gold piece 
of money equal to ten shillings, called half a sovereign, and 
they have also a sovereign or pound, which is equal to twenty 
shillings. 

When the working people get their wages every Saturday 
they pay their shop bills. 1 will tell you about those shops. 
The island on which the big city stands is an island of the sea, 
that is, it is surrounded by the waters of the ocean, and it is 
only a small island compared with other islands of the sea, but 
it is covered with fine cities and towns, and they are filled with 
working men and women and children. 

The rich people of that small island own great numbers of 
ships, which sail over the sea to every part of the earth, laden 
with all kinds of goods, which the poor people of the island 
have made, and which are sold to people of other countries who 
do not make those kind of goods for themselves. Then the 
ships return home again laden with cotton, raw silk, wool, beef 
hides, tallow, sugar, tea, fruit, spices, and in fact everything 
that is produced by people of far distant climes, to give more 
labor to, and feed the working people of the little island. 

Large warehouses are filled with these good things in the 
seaport towns where the ships land. Then great merchants in 
the towns and cities all over the island buy quantities of goods 
out of the large warehouses, and prepare them to sell to lesser 
merchants, and these lesser merchants to the masters of still 
smaller shops. 

It was to one of these small shops that litt'e George went al- 
most every day to buy bread and butter and sugar and tea, and 
anything that was wanted in the house; and he always took 
with him a small book in which the shop-keeper wrote every- 
thing down that he bought; then at the end of the week, or on 
Monday morning, his mistress paid for what she had leceived 
during the week. 

You can easily see, my little children, that it would have 
been much better if she had bought, her week's supply of pro- 
visions at the large stores in the big city; for in buying them at 
the little shops she had to pay extra for fetching them from 
the big city, for selling them out to her, and for keeping her 
accounts. If you buy marbles in a store on Main street, Salt 
Lake City, you get five for five cents, we will say, but if you 
buy marbles in a great shop in Chicago you will, very likely, 
get ten or fifteen marbles for five cents. But you can do hotter 
still by making them at home; then you do not have to pay 
your money to outsiders for miking them, nor do you have to 
pay somebody for fetching them to you. 

Little George passed days and weeks learning his trade, and 
helping his mistress, making the acquaintance of many boys in 



fee 



3s» 



<QT\ 



CT TJ "V IE £T 1" I_, IE I1TSTRTJCTOR. 



27 



the neighborhood with whom he played a short time every eve- 
ning after his day's work was done. He became very useful to 
both his master and mistress, and they liked him better and 
better, and thought they might venture to have him bound to 
them an apprentice for seven years to learn the trade of sboe- 
making. Uncle George. 

[To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



€It$tttbl^ of ISottumw ®|ittp* 



s* 



HORITS, HOOPS, HAIR. 

ALTHOUGH there is a great dissimilarity in the appearance 
of horn, hoofs, hair, feathers and wool, there is very little 
difference in the elementary composition. Like the skin, gela- 
tine enters largely into the composition of each; we have see n 
that the worn out fibrin and albumen is again worked up to 
produce that substance. This is also true of the nails, eye 
lashes, ete. Nature is a great economist and contriver: the 
saliva, which moistens the mouth, chemically acts upon the 
food, to make it digestible; the fluids which have to be got rid 
of through the pores make the skin soft and pliable; the vari- 
ous excretions which have to be removed carry with them used 
up material; the extremities (of the fingers, etc.,) perform the 
friendly office of becoming outlets for matter which would 
otherwise become injurious, and this solidifies and forms a pro- 
tection for the tender nerves which exist in those parts. Not 
only so, but it is worked up in an ornamental manner; this is 
also true of the epidermal appendages: the hair, which not 
only keeps the parts warm, but also adds greatly to the beauty 
of the parts. In the lower animals it is still further utilized, 
(made useful;) it becomes a means of defense, as in the horns 
of a cow, and a protection to the feet, as in the hoof of the 
horse. 

Well, when these creatures have done with these substances 
man makes use of them. We all know that our combs are 
made of horn. Now-a-days "gutta-percha" has taken the place 
of horn considerably. Then, again, pretty little mugs, buttons 
and snufF boxes are made of horn. At one time lanterns were 
made of that substance; even yet they may be seen. Horn, 
when stained, may be made to resemble the finest tortoise shell; 
very beautiful boxes, toys of various kinds and pretty little 
notions for ladies' work boxes are made of this material. 

As to hair, its uses are very numerous: horse hair is woven 
into hair cloth for sofas and chairs, and for crushing seed in oil 
mills; the short kinds are manufactured into mattrasses, cush- 
ions, etc. Some kinds are made into a kind of thick felt, which 
is useful in shoes, etc. Our fishing lines are made from the 
fine white horse hair; of which also the beautiful plumes worn 
by horse soldiers are made. These plumes are dipped in a red 
stain resembling blood — fit emblem of the soldier's trade — so 
as to give a biilliantand terrible appearance to the "dashing 
dragoon" on the battle field. The darker kind of horse hair 
is used for plumes for mourning coaches and hearses; for this 
purpose it is dyed black. In these valleys such emblems of 
sorrow are not in fashion; neither is that of wearing horse hair 
wigs, which are worn by judges, counselors and other dignita- 
ries, even bishops, in countries where our simple manners are 
despised. 

Human hair is also worked up into a variety of articles to 
adorn the head. It has been so in every age and among every 



people who have been far advanced in civilization. The ancient 
Egyptians, the Assyrians, and other nations whose history has 
come down to us, had their hair-workers; this is not to be won- 
dered at when we remember that nothing gives more loveliness 
to the human form than a beautiful head of hair. Tens of 
thousands of persons are engaged in this business, which is 
divided into several branches, as both sexes and all ages ar« 
provided for. 

Then, feathers are also used for purposes of adornment; all 
the birds of the air, and of the earth too, are made to contrib- 
ute to this business; the feathers of the ostrioh — a large bird 
found in Asia and Africa — are the most elegant and the most 
expensive. Even uncivilized races frequently show, by thei r 
head dresses, etc. , that they are not insensible to the beauties 
of the feathered ones. Sometimes a feather is a mark of 
distinguished rank, even among civilized people, and among 
the most polished nations, generals and officers of high rank 
display feathers in their helmets upon great occasions. 
Ladies also wear head dresses, the attractiveness of which is 
frequently dependent upon the artistic skill with which the 
wing or tail of some tiny songster of the woods is exhibited. 
All classes and all ages seem to partake of the taste for feath- 
ers; the mother decorates the cap of "baby," the daughter 
places a feather jauntily in her bonnet; as to the boys, we all 
know what they do when they strut about with a feather in 
the cap, "playing soldiers." Altogether feathers are well 
represented; even the poor little chickens' feathers are not to 
be despised; if they are homely, they are useful in our pillows 
and beds. 

Then there is wool — a volume would not contain all that 
could be said about that, so we will leave it for a separate 
article, and pass on from the soldier with his red plumes, the 
grave judge with his gray, powdered wig, and the still more 
grave undertaker with his funeral decorations, all made out of 
horses' tails, to see what are the uses of the elements of which 
these things consist. 

The refuse of hair, horn shavings, bone drillings, whale- 
bone scraps, etc., used to be thrown away. Now very beautiful 
colors are prepared from these things — yellow, blue and crimson 
dyes, for our silks and calicoes. Nearly all the lovely colors 
used for these purr, oses are manufactured from waste substances. 
As to the processes by which these colors are made, they 
cannot b3 fully understood without further acquaintance with 
science; but the principle by which they are obtained may be 
shown. When animal substances, such as horn, hoofs, hair, 
woolen waste, clippings of skin, blood, etc., are allowed to 
ferment, or be operated upon by heat, decomposition takes 
place. If the metal iron is present during this decomposition, 
the elements of the metal unite with those of the decaying 
animal substances. If, in addition to this, vegetable matter is 
allowed to decompose, the metal potassium also unites itself 
with the iron and other elements to form a very interesting 
class of salts, known as "prussiates" — these are the base of 
some of the most lovely colors, blue, yellow and crimson, 
with all the varied tints resulting from their combination^ 
Does it not appear wonderful, children, that such filth as 
that of slaughter-houses and manufactories can be changed 
into things of such great utility? This has been brought about 
by noticing the qualities of elementary substances, the way 
they mutually combine and the effects produced by their com- 
bination. This last sentence is the foundation of the science 
Chemistry. Betu. 

( To he Continued) 



A max who gives his children habits of industry, provides 
for them better than by giving them a fortune. 



h 



35 



?! 



28 



cr tj"V"En^r 



USTRTJCTOR 




GEORGE Q. CANNON, : EDITOR. 
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1809. 
TWENTY TEARS .A. O- O 
A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPTER IV. 



THERE was a company of packers who had traveled with vts 
from Provo to this point. They were principally outsiders, 
though some few of them had joined the Church in the Valley 
as they were passing through. They numbered about as many 
as we did, and were going to California in search of gold. The 
captain of the company was named Smith. In traveling he 
had several conversations with our captain, Bro. Flake, and 
others of our company, about a new route that E. Barney Ward, 
the mountaineer, (who was killed by the Indians in Salt Creek 
kanyon, Sevier County, near Gunnison, in April, 1865) had 
described to him and several of his men. 

Smith was fond of dwelling upon the advantages of going by 
this route, which was called "Walker's cut-ofF." He wanted 
to go by that way himself and to have our company go also, as 
he knew that if we should travel with him, he could go through 
without fear of attack from Indians. One of his arguments in 
favor of the "cut-off" was that the gold mines on the Stanis- 
laus river could be reached by that route before the r :iny season 
commenced; but by the Spanish trail we would only reach the 
Cajon Pass or Los Angeles, by that season, and then from this 
latter point we would have to travel some hundreds of miles 
through the rain to reach the "diggings." Those who con- 
versed with him were persuaded by his reasoning; it sounded 
very plausible; and it seemed as if we could do no better than 
to go that way, for who would not prefer a direct road to a 
roundabout one? Every one who knew anything about the 
points of the compass was satisfied that if we could go direct- 
ly across the country westward to the Sierra Nevada, and find 
a pass through that range of mountains by which we could de- 
scend into California, it would be a great saving of travel and 
the route might properly be called a "cut-off." If any one 
ventured to express a doubt about being able to travel by it, 
they were silenced by the statement that Barney Ward had said 
that he had traveled through that way three times, and there 
was a paper which he had given them and on which the route 
was [marked. The route struck west through the region laid 
down by Fremont on his map as unexplored, and south of a 
range of mountains described by him as running east and west, 
he having seen them from his northern line of exploration. 

There was no doubt about the shortness of the route; it was 
direct; it ran due west; if we could go by it we would save time 
and seveial hundred miles of travel, which at that season of the 
year was valuable. In fact, there was everything to be said in 
favor of it, and there was really only one objection against it. 
That objection it took subsequent experience to reveal to us. 
But I can now tell you what it was: it ivas not a practical route. 
The country through which it was said to run was a desert, with 
grass and water to be found only in spots and at long intervals, 
and there was no certainty that men traveling through there 
for the first time would find them. 

When General Rich came to our camp the brethren who had 

conversed with Captain Smith on this subject told him about 

this new route. He soon saw that they were in favor of it, 

j \r* The wish was very' general in our company that he would fit up 



and go through with us, as our provisions were not sufficient 
to admit of our traveling through as slowly as ihe wagons would. 
Though he had a good outfit to go through with the wagons, he 
felt led to arrange his affairs so that he could travel with us. 
He was impressed with the idea that if he did not do so, some 
of us, if not all, would perish. Before I have finished my a 
count you will see that this impression was a correct one. H« 
was a great blessing to us, and I think the company could nok 
all have got through alive, if he had not been with us. 

In the afternoon of the day that we were camped on Beaver 
Creek General Rich and Captain Flake went up to see Captain 
Smith and converse with him about this new route. Smith was 
so confident about his ability to go by the route, and his inform- 
ation from Barney Ward appeared so reliable, that the Gen- 
eral thought very favorably of the proposition to go that way. 
But he and Brother Flake would not decide positively that they 
would travel on it until they had laid the matter before our 
company. They wanted us to choose for ourselves. Captain 
Smith and company had made up their minds to travel the new 
route. If we concluded to go also the two companies would 
travel in consort and camp close together, so that in case of an 
attack we would be ready to unite. 

The next day we started Westward again,- expecting to travel 
35 miles to get to water; but we had only traveled 10 miles 
when we mot Captain Smith and his pack train returning. 
They informed us that Captain Hunt had been out again on the 
desert on foot in search of water, but had found none, though 
he had traveled 40 miles. When we heard this we returned to 
the creek and camped. As I have told you I have never visit- 
ed that part of the country since the time of which I write; bu 
I £.in told that our people who wish to go to settlements west 
travel down the Beaver, and water has been found where Capt. 
Hunt searched for it. After we reached the creek Brother Rich 
asked us our feelings about the new route, and we all voted to 
go that way. He already had a mule, so he bought a horse; 
this gave him one to ride and another to pack. Brother F. M. 
Pomcroy had two horses which he used for the same purpose. 
You can imagine how glad we were to have them join our 
company; for with Bro. Rich to counsel and guide us we felt 
that we could travel in safety. 

{To be Continued.) 



oateoihiisim: 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



Republished from No. 2. with the answers:- 



151. When did the Prophet Joseph leave Kirtland to visit 
the Saints in Canada? On the 27th of July, 1837. 

152. Who accompanied him, having been appointed on a mis- 
sion to the eastern States? 

President Brigham Young. 

153. Where wwe they detained, and for what cause? 

They were detained at Pauesville by their enemies getting up 
vexatious law suits. 

154. Who accompanied the Prophet to Toronto, Upper Can- 
ada? Sidney Rigdon and Thomas B. Marsh. 

155. When did he return to Kirtland? 
About the last of August of the same year. 

156. At what date whs a Conference held at Kirtland to re- 
organize the Church? September 3rd, 1837. 

157. What leading Elders were not sustained by the Confer- 
ence? Frederick U. Williams, Luke Johnson, Lyman E. John- 
son and John F. Boynton. 

158. What were the principal reasons for this course? 

They forsook their priesthood and drank into the spirit of the 
world. 

159. Who of the Twelve that were thus not sustained after- 
wards made confession and retained their apostleship? 

LuKe Johnson, Lyman E. Johnson and John p. Boynton. 
1G0. When did they do so? September 10th, 1837. 



We received correct answers from George R. Emery. 



fc^5t- 




CT TJ "V IE IT I L IE IUSTBTJCTOR, 



29 



THE STOIR,^ OIF 

AMERIGAU HISTORY 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

ICONTINOED.] 




IN the last number We told you about the masterly manner in 
which Washington handled the British at Trenton, and 
other places. He was very successful in his military operations 
and gained signal advantages over them, which encouraged the 
friends of liberty, and had the opposite effect upon the British 
and the Tories. God was with the Americans. He inspired 
and sustained General 
Washington, and gave 
him the aid he needed to 
carry out his plans for 
the freedom of the land. 
Humanly speaking it was 
a daring undertaking for 
the colonists to attempt 
to fight the mother coun- 
try. They were not 

numerous, and were very ^LBj §P^fli ^W Hi 

widely scattered and by \»™ w Iff ' 

no means a rich people; 
while Great Britain was 
a great and powerful na- 
tion. She had plenty of 
soldiers of her own, and 
if she lacked any, she w a s rich and could hire Hessians and 
other Ge rmans to fight for her; she had abundance of ships-of- 
war, and cannon and arms and ammunition of every kind, and 
had confidence, because in her contests with other nations she 
had been generally victorious. But this was to be a free land, 
and with all her strength and riches she could not succeed. 

We herewith give a portrait of General George Washington 
It is a likeness of him as he appeared after the war of the rev- 
olution was over. 

It has been related that one of the plans of the English min- 
istry for overrunning and completely subjugating the territory 
of the American colonies was to send an army from Canada, 
to come down through the heart of the country, by the way of 
Lake Champlain and the Hudson River, to New York, thus 
cutting the country, as it were, in two. The officer who was 
appointed to take eharge of this expedition was General Bur- 
goyne. He attempted to execute this plan, but he did not suc- 
ceed. Instead of conquering and taking possession of the 
comstry as he advanced, he found himself getting deeper and 
deeper i»to difficulty the farther he came, until at last his whole 
army was surrounded and hemmed in, and, in the end, he him- 
self and all his troops were seized and made prisoners. 

For a time, however, the prospects of the campaign were 
very bright and cheering. Burgoyne set out from Canada with 
an army of about seven thousand men. This was a very large 
force for such an expedition, and they all felt entirely confident 
of success. The plan was for Burgoyne to come down from Can- 
ada by the north, while, at the same time, General Howe was to 
go mp the Hudson River from New York and meet him at Albany. 

One of the first measures which Burgoyne adopted after he 
commenced his march was to gather together the chieftains of 
the principal Indian tribes that lived in that part of the coun- 
try, and engage them to join him with their warriors and be- 
come his allies in the war. He himself was averse to this plan 
but he was ordered to adopt it by the British government, and 
he did not dare to disobey. He thought it wrong for a civil- 
ized nation to employ such cruel and bloodthirsty savages 
against men of their own race and kindred; but t'a3 gover nme 
insisted that he should do it. 



"If we do not employ the Iudians to fight on our side," said 
they, "the Americans will engage them on theirs, and we may 
as well have the benefit of their assistance as they." 

So Burgoyne convened the .Indian chieftains, and by means 
of various promises, induced them to agree that they would send 
a horde of their savage followers to accompany his army in their 
march down the country, and fight with them against the Amer- 
icans. He, however, charged them very strictly to give up 
their cruel mode of warfare, and especially forbade them ever 
to kill any women and children, or even any man except whsin 
he was actually fighting against them. The Indians promised 
to obey these injunctions, but any one might have known that 
they would never keep their promises. 

Although Burgoyne thus charged the Indians to be merciful 
in the war, still he thought there would be no harm in availing 
himself of their alliance for the purpose of frightening the peo- 
ple a little in advance. He accordingly issued a terrible proc- 
lamation, saying that he was coming down through the country 
with a large army of his own, and with troops of Indians as 
allies; and that if the inhabitants would at once submit to his 
authority, he would protect them; if not, he led them to expect 
that he should not only resort to the severest measures against 
them with his own troops, but that he would let loose the sav- 
ages upon them, and that they would devastate the country 
with fire and sword, and inflict tho most horrid cruelties upon 
the inhabitants. 

General Burgoyne was greatly censured for issuing such a 
proclamation as this, even by the English themselves. He sa;d 
however, that all he intended by it was to frighten the Ameri- 
cans and then induce them to submit without bloodshed. But- 
it did not frighten them, nor induce them to submit. On the 
contrary, it had exactly the opposite tendency. It aroused the 
whole country to a state of extreme exasperation, and the peo- 
ple came in great numbers to join the army that was sent to meet 
and resist the invaders. General Gates had the command of 
this army. 

Burgoyne, however, came on for some weeks without meeting 
any serious opposition. He came to some forts on the shores of 
Lake Champlain, but the garrisons were not strong enough to 
defend them, and so they retreated. Burgoyne sent detach- 
ments of his army to pursue these troops, while he himself 
pressed on with the great body ef the army. He was filled with 
exultation at this success, and was confident that he should have 
no difficulty in fully accomplishing the object of the great ex 
pedition. 

"Indeed," said he, "we shall soon have the American army 
between two fires; for the force which General Howe is sending 
up from New York is coming on from the south as I am advanc- 
ing from the north, and we shall soon get General Gates be- 
tween us, and so have him entirely in our power." 

Burgoyne said this and thought this about the time that he 
had arrived at the southern end of Lake Champlain. Up to 
that time everything had gone prosperously and well with him. 
But now his difficulties began. He was obliged, here, to leave 
he water, and advance wholly by a march on the land. But 
ne found the road all broken up. The Americans had been 
upon the road, and had made it utterly inmassable. They had 
broken down the bridges, and felled great trees across the way, 
and rolled monstrous stones down, wherever there were stones to 
be found on the heights above, and piled in brush and tree-tops 
in great heaps, here and there, to such an extent that Burgoyne's 
army could not move at all until they had cleared all these ob- 
structions away, ihis took so much time that the troops could 
not advance more than a mile in a day. 

Another difficulty which Burgoyne soon experienced was the 
want of provisions for his men and his horses. It requires an 
immense quantity of provisions, of course, ovory day to supply 



', 1-l.i'ji 



!*♦ 



t)! 






30 



JUTEUILB IUSTBTJCTOR 



the wants of seven thousand men, and a vast amount of hay and 
grain besides, for the long trains of horses that are always re- 
quired to draw the baggage and the artillery of such an army. 
It is not possible to carry provisions for such a multitude suffic- 
ient for more than a very few days. The generals always de- 
pend upon obtaining a large portion of their supplies from the 
country itself as they march along. 

General Burgoyne had depended upon doing this. He sup- 
posed that the inhabitants of the country generally were not 
much interested in the Revolution, and that when they saw that 
the rebel army, as he called it, was defeated and driven away, 
and that he was advancing with so overwhelming a force, they 
would all come over to his side, and would supply him abun- 
dantly with all that his army would need. 

The event proved, however, that he was entirely mistaken in 
these calculations. He found the inhabitants, wherever he 
came, immovably fixed and determined to resist and oppose his 
progress by every means in their power. Instead of aiding him 
to procure supplies of food, they threw every possible obstacle 
in his way. They drove off their cattle, and moved away their 
grain and flour, and left the country everywhere empty and des- 
titute. The army soon began to be seriously in danger of suf- 
fering for want of food. 

The frontiers of the State of Vermont were not very far to 
the eastward of the part of the country where the British army 
now were, and Burgoyne was about this time informed that the 
people of that colony were not hostile to him, and that if he 
would send a detachment of his troops there, the inhabitants 
would no doubt meet them in a friendly spirit, and furnish them 
with, or at least allow them to procure, a supply of food. Ac- 
cordingly, Burgoyne sent out a strong detachment, under the 
command of an officer named General Baum. Baum had not, 
however, gone far into Vermont before he found, instead of a 
welcome, a large body of Vermonters, drawn up in battle array, 
ready to fight him. He found that they were stronger than he 
was, and so he took post on a hill, intrenched himself there, 
and sent back to Burgoyne for help. Burgoyne sent forward a 
strong re-enforcement; but, before the re-enforcement came up, 
the Americans had conquered Baum's army, and made them 
nearly all prisoners, and when the other troops arrived they at- 
tacked them too, defeated them, and compelled them to retreat 
in confusion and dismay back to Burgoyne's camp, leaving all 
their cannon behind them. The British army lost by this ex- 
pedition about seven hundred men. 

(2b be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

iil«« iifitti*, 



CHAPTER VI. 



Til E convenience of the family required that Willie should pur- 
chase them a horse. In this business he felt that he need. 
ed the wisdom and experience of his father; for he knew that 
there existed an unlimited amount of deception in horse dealers. 
And a circumstance, which occurred some time befote this be- 
tween a horse trader and an honest looking farmer, to which 
Willie was an eye witness, now came very forcibly to his mind. 

1 he farmer, who was leading a very fine horse, was accosted 
by the trader as follows: 

Trader. "Do yon wish to sell that horse?" 

Farmer. ''Yes, sir." 




Trader. "W ill you trade him for this one?" (pointing to one 
in his pissession.) 

Farmer. "No, sir; I would rather sell him." 

Trader. "Here, let me look at your horse, and you look at 
mine." 

After the trader had coaxed a little while, the farmer allowed 
him to tike his horse for examination, and at the same time he 
examine 1 the trader's horse. 

Farmer. "I do not wish to trade." 

Trader. "But you have traded." 

Farmer. "No. sir, I have not. I only gatfe you permission 
to examine my horse." 

Trader. "You gave me possession, sir, and I mean to keep 
it unless you will give me five shillings for a rue bargain." 

Farmer. "Well, rather than have any trouble with you I 
will give you five shillings." 

Irader. "Now, sir, you have acknowledged that we have 
traded, by offering me five shillings for a rue bargain, -and," 
(referring to some of his own clan) "you are my witnesses. Now 
I shall keep your horse, and you can't help yourself." As the 
tradei sa'd this he turned and left the farmer, who seemed to 
be perfectly astonished that he had found a man so destitute of 
principle as this base swindler. Before this, Willie had never 
dreamed that so mean a man could be found by searching the 
wide world through. 

With this circumstance fresh on Willie's mind he started to a 
horse fair to purchase a horse. There were thousands of horses 
at the fair. Finally Willie saw one that he thought would ex- 
actly meet their wants. It was a heavy set animal, apparently 
very gentle, and in all respects just what he had been searching 
for. Willie inquired the price; thought that it was very cheap, 
paid the amount, and took the horse home. 

Next morning Willie discovered that the horse could not 
breathe properly, and that it was what was commonly called a 
broken-winded horse. He knew then that the man of whom 
he had purchased it had given it medicine before bringing it to 
the fair in order to hide this defect and thereby deceive some 
person. Willie tried to make the best of the circumstance, and 
consoled himself by thinking that it was better to be deceived 
than to be a deceiver. 

The horse proved to be worthless; he was unable to walk up 
a hill without resting several times. 

About this time Willie entered a phonographic class taught 
by Brother G. D. Watt and received a course of ten lessons. 
At the close of this course Brother Watt recommended that the 
class should continue their meetings, and that two of their num- 
ber should be appointed teachers. The class requested their 
teacher to make a selection of two that he thought would be 
most fit For this position. Brother Watt complied, and named 
Willie for one of the two. When he was nominated he objected 
to the appointment, but his will was overruled by the united 
wish of his class. Nevertheless he felt that it was no small un- 
dertaking to assume the position of teacher of a class which had 
had privileges equal to his own. He knew that if he accepted 
the office of teacher that he would have to lead them over 
ground then entirely new to himself; that he would have to ad- 
vance without a guide, learn without a teacher, and then be 
guide and teacher to others. 

Willie and his fellow teacher labored diligently to qualify 
themselves to do justice to the office conferred upon them, and 
in a measure succeeded: for they led the class till many of the 
students could write from seventy-five to one hundred words per 

minute. , , - , __ , , 

Then they organized a debating school. The debaters were 
required to speak slowly in order to suit the convenience of the 
class, and each mcir.ber was required to report as nearly verba- 
tim as possible. In this way Willie became able to write a 
1 hundred and fifty words per minute. 



I 






— i^r*& 



a 



CTTJ^TE^TILE INSTRTJCTOB 




The benefits derived from his attending this class were of 
great service to him in after life. Wm. W. B. 

(2"o be Continued.) 



9kUtHf\t+ 



JOSEPH SMITH, 
IP IE?, O IP H IE T . 



THE 




OTHING was plainer than that Joseph 
and the Saints could not depend upon polit- 
ical parties for their rights. There were 
great objections made against the Saints 
because they all voted one way. This union 
of theirs made them a power in the land, 
especially at elections; for the two parties 
were so equally divided in the State that 
whichever side the Saints voted for was 
sure to get the victory. They really held the 
balance of power; their votes decided the election. 
At the last election there had been two candi- 
dates for Governor of the State. One of them— 
Joseph Duncan— had said that if the people 
would elect him, he would exterminate the ''Mor- 
mons" and take away their charters. By these prom- 
ises he hoped to secure the votes of all those who 
were opposed to the Latter-day Saints and wished 
them harm. The other candidate was Thomas Ford. 
He" made no such threats; but, in his speeches, manifested a 
spirit to give every man his rights; hence, the Church univer- 
sally voted for Mr. Ford, and he was elected Governor. But 
he was a politician. The success of a politician depends upon 
his popularity, and he therefore, endeavors to make himself 
popular. He does not ask whether a measure is right or not, 
so much as whether it is popular or unpopular. On this ac- 
count the promises of politicians can not, as a rule, be relied 
upon. They have not the independence necessary to cling to 
and uphold a principle regardless of conserpiences. 

We read an anecdote of a politician lately that we will relate, 
as it illustrates the trait of character of which we speak. He 
was a candidate for office in one of the western states, and after 
giving his sentiments on the "Constitution," the "Monroe Doc- 
trine," and other topics, he said: "Gentlemen," and he put his 
hand on the region of his heart, "these are my sentiments— 
the sentiments, gentlemen, of an honest man— aye, an honest 
politician— but gentlemen and fellow citizens, if they don't suit 
you, they canbe altered." 

1 he first time the Missourians made a demand for Joseph 
Governor Ford issued writs against him. The second time they 
made a demand for him he issued writs again, lie had the best 
of evidence that Joseph was a persecuted and deeply-wronged 
man, innocent of the charges made against him for the shoot- 
ing of Ex-Governor Lilburn W. Boggs and of treason against 
the State of Missouri; but yet he would have given him up as 
freely as he would a dog, though he could not have been igno- 
rant that the Missourians thirsted for his blood. 

Reynolds, when he was foiled in his scheme to carry Joseph 
into Missouri, presented a petition to Governor Ford for a de- 
tachmeut of militia to be detailed to assist him in retaking 
Joseph. Ford in the meantime, however, had received the re. 
mon trance and affidavits of the people of Nauvoo and Joseph's 
lawyers, which were all adverse to Reynolds' request. The 



lawyers were influential men, and Walker was a member of the 
Whig party— Ford, himself, was a Democrat — and if he did not 
act with some degree of fairness, they might expose him, and 
damage him politically. He did not dare, therefore, to grant 
Reynolds' petition without further investigation. He sent a 
messenger— a Mr. Braman — to Nauvoo, for a copy of all the 
testimony that was given in the case before the Municipal 
Court and affidavits concerning the expulsion of the Saints 
from Missouri. Upon his report the Governor decided to take 
no action in response to Reynolds' demand. 

About this time there was considerable excitement in the 
State on political matters. An election was about to be held 
for Members of Congress, and one party accused the other of 
tricks to secure votes. The demand of Missouri for Joseph's 
arrest was charged upon the Whig party by the Illinois State 
Register, a democratic paper published at Springfield, Illinois, 
as a trick to preju lice the Saints against Governor Ford and 
the Democratic party, with the hope to secure their votes for 
the Whig candidate. On the other hand the Whigs accused 
Ford of having delayed his decision upon the demand of Mis- 
souri for the militia to arrest Joseph, until after the election! 
with the view to intimidate the Saints and compel them to vote 
the Democratic ticket. The election was held on the 7th of 
August, and the Democratic ticket was voted for by the people 
of Nauvoo generally, though Joseph, himself, according to his 
previous determination and in fulfilment of a pledge which he 
had voluntarily made to Cyrus Walker, who was the Whig can- 
didate for Representative in Congress, voted the Whig ticket. 
The State Register said in defending Governor Ford, that 
eleven days previous to the election, he had decided not to call 
out the mi itia, and had to advised Governor Reynolds, of 
Missouri. On the 14th of August Governor Ford wrote to 
Governor Reynolds at some length, explaining his reasons for 
not doing so. He contended that the laws of the State of 
Illinois had been fully exercised in the matter. A writ was 
issued for Joseph's apprehension; he was apprehended, and 
was duly delivered by the officer of the State of Illinois to 
the Agent of the State of Missouri appointed to receive 
him. No process, officer, or authority of Illinois had been 
resisted or interfered with. Governor Ford said he had fully 
executed the duty which the laws imposed upon him, and 
there had been no resistance either in the writ issued for the 
arrest of Joseph or in the person of the officer appoin ed to 
apprehend him. There had been no warlike array in the pro- 
ceedings of Joseph and his friends, no exhibition of arms, and 
no actual force of an illegal character. Everything had been 
done on his part which the law warranted him in doing; and he 
ended by saying, that "in no one aspect of the case can 1 con- 
sider the present an extreme emergency, warranting a call for 
the Militia according to the provisions of the law in this 
State." 

Once more were the Missourians foiled in their dastardly 
attempt to capture and make a victim of the Prophet The 
Lord had preserved him. But they had made sure of getting 
him into their power again. In anticipation of Governor Ford 
ordering out the militia and retaking him, General Moses Wil- 
son, a mobocrat who made himself notorious in persecuting the 
Saints in Misi-ouri, had crossed into Illinois with ten or twelve 
men, and had been waiting there for two or three weeks, with 
the hope of taking him back into Missouri. But they were not 
to have that pleasure. Governor Ford's decision spoiled the 
plan, and Wilson and his crew hid their expense and trouble 
for nothing. Joseph was safe among his friends at Nauvoo. 
( To be Continued.) 



It is better to have nothing to do, than to be doing nothing. 




W 



*JTC 32 



JUYE1TILE IITSTETJOTOB 






vltttth j&vttvy. 



THE SIX ZECITTIEItTS- 

Six dear, little, frolicsome kittens — O my! 
Was ever a mother so happy as I? 
All perfect in feature and supple in joint; 
Six nice little tails whittled off to a point; 
Six pairs of blue eyes staring wildly around; 
No end of white paws dancing over tne ground. 

It's "Mamma, do give me some dinner, I pray," 

And, "Mamma, just whisk your tail now, for play;" 

It's "ine-ew" and "me-ow," and "purr-r-r," and all that— 

It's a nip of the ear, and a hug, and a pat; 

A spring and a clutch, a grand kitten melee, 

Then one head bobbing up— psh! scat! scamper away. 

Now, pray you, be quiet, you mischievous elves! 

La! the pantry door s open— they're helping themselves— 

See! Topsy is whisking the cream-pot about — 

She's got her head in, but she can't get it out! 

And Snuff has been snuffing the mustard— me-ew! 

And Snarley is iu a delectable stew. ' 

Ho! Bridget is coming — where, where shall we fly? 
She's waving the poker— there's wrath in her eye — 
Up, quick, to the haymow— dear! dear! what a fright! 
One, two, three— where are you? four, five, six — all right. 
Now, never again risk j'our lives for such pelf; 
The risk, and the goodies— I'll take them myself. 



Homsjtott&ctu:** 



Coalville, Summit Co., U. T., Jan. 24th, '69. 

Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

I have myself been so much interested in 
the Sunday School at this little place, that I am constrained 
to place your host of readers in participatory (a large word 
for small boys) conjunction, with the facts.' 

First let me state that Coalville is a town of some 500 in- 
habitants. It is located near the Weber river, and five 
miles above Echo city, where the railroad runs. It is in 
Summit county, and a petition is about being presented to 
the Legislature to change the seat or official head-quarters 
from Wanship, the present county seat, to Coalville; this 
being the most central business place in the county. The 
<• >al beds will be a great source of wealth to the town, as 
there have as yet been no coal mines of any extent dis- 
covered on or near the line of the Union Pacific Railroad 
for a hundred miles or mure either to the eastward or west- 
ward of Salt Lake city; and this is pronounced the best 
quality found between here ami the Missouri river. Con- 
sequent -y we may reasonably expect to see Coalville become 
a very prosperous business and, we are assured, orderly 
city. 

the Sunday School at Coalville numbers loo scholars, 
divided into 20 classes. The advanced scholars are classi- 
fied as follows: One Hook of Mormon class, one Doctrine 
ami ( iovenante class, one Voice of Warning class, one Spen- 
cer's Letters class, one Bible class, and one class in the 
Juvenile Instructor. 

Besides the usual order of reading, recitation and ques- 
tions, a historical question is propounded every Sunday 
to be answered the succeeding Sunday, whicb has the effect 
of making the excellent public library here a place of con- 
siderable attraction. 

on Sunday last) being the occasion of the quarterly ex- 
amination, a gieat many beautiful prizes were distributed 



k y - 



The highest prize, a handsome album, was awarded to 
Miss Margaret Smith. Several very rich looking silver 
medals were distributed among the larger male classes. 
Prizes were given for good attendance, for history, for the 
ten commandments, for catechism, for sacred truths and 
for political affairs. 

A commendable degree of readiness was evinced in the 
answers, disclosing an earnest attention to their respective 
duties by both teacher and scholar. 

With their delightful excursion to see the railroad at 
Echo city, in sleighs, with the stars and stripes floating 
above them, on Saturday morning, and a dancing party in 
the evening, succeeded by so generous a distribution of 
prizes, the Sunday School scholars at Coalville ought, and 
doubtless do, feel grateful to their parents, teachers and 
friends; and a new incentive will be given to diligence in 
study, and promptness in attendance at the Sunday School. 

Bishop Wm. W. duff is the presiding Bishop here; with 
Henry B. Wild as local Bishop, having two counsellors. 
Bros.'E. Eldredge and John Allen are superintendents of 
the school. Your sincere well-wisher, 

Jas. McKnight. 



GLUTTONY —He that prolongs his meals, and sacrifices his 
time, as well as his other conveniences, to his luxury, how 
quickly does he outsit his pleasure; and then, how is all the 
following time bestowed upon ceremony and surfeit! until at 
length, after a long fatigue of eating and drinking and babbling, 
he concludes the great work of dining gentcely, and so makes 
a shift to rise from table, that he may lie down upon his bed; 
where, after he has slept himself into some use of himself, by 
much ado, he staggers to his table again, and there acts over 
the same brutish scene: so that he passes his whole life in a 
dosed condition, between sleeping and wak ng, with a kind of 
drowsiness and confusion upon his senses, with what pleasure it 
can be, is hard to conceive. All that is of it dwells upon the tip 
of his tongue, and within the compass of his palate. A worthy 
prize for a man to purchase with the loss of his time, his rea- 
son, and himself. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

O H .A. M> .A. U E . 



BY MARTHA J. IIORNE. 



I am composed of 11 letters. 

My 2, 7, 3, 4, 6, is what all children should learn to do. ' 

My 1, 3, 5, 6, pertains to large or small. 

My 10, 6, 4, is used by fishermen. 

My 8, 9, 11, 11, 6, 7, is used for ascending. 

My 10, 6, 9, 7, is when we all like to have our friends. 

My whole is one of the most beautiful countries in the world. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 2 of Vol. 4, is FARM- 
INGTON. We received correct answers from Charles U. Den- 
ney, George L. Worstciiholm, John Q. Cannon, Abraham H 
Cannon, Edgar Howe, Miss Elizabeth A. Giles, and W. W. 
Selck. 



Is published iu Suit Lake City, Utah Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum 

Single Copy, for Six Months* • 



• ?.'! 00 
. 150 



*3- It is expected where agents forward names they will he responsible 
for the papers thus ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they will 
phase forward them with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

e,>- Elder Wm. 11. Shearman, Logan, will uet as General Agent lor 
Cache valley. 

«-f;ruiu brought to this City for the JUVHSILK INSTRUCTOR will bo 
received at the oflice of our paper— DkbkkET News B'JlLDlSGS. 



'6* 



,v& 



& 



