is 



■•^iwSli 




VOL. XV in 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 188:j. 



NO. 1. 



NINEVEH 



NINEVEH, the capital of the ancient Assyrian empire, 
was next to Bab3'lon, the oldest city of which history 
makes mention. In Gen. x. 11, we are told that Asshur went 
off from Babylon and founded Nineveh. It was situated on 
the Tigris, near the modern town of Mosul. The extraordinary 
fertility of the surrounding country enabled it to support a 
large population. The high degreejof prosperity and civiliza- 
tion, reached by its inhabitants, in very early times is proven 



sized churches might have been conveniently arranged on the 
first floor of the great temple of Asshur. In the second story 
the king might have sat down to supper with one hundred 
thousand of his favorite subjects; and the remaining seven 
stories would have still been open for the accomodation of the 
wealth, aristocracy and fashion of Nineveh. 

The engraving represents a front view of the great palace of 
Sennacherib. This is the edifice lately excavated by Layard, 





not only by many ancient writer.s, but also by the extensive 
ruins of a mighty city, the remains of canals and contrivances 
for irrigation, and many other proofs furnished by recent 
excavations all of which indicate an acquaintance with many 
of the arts and .sciences. Extensive ruins extend along the 
Tigris for many miles. 

In order to convey a faint idea, of the niagniliccnce of these 
structures, it may be mentioned that over one hundred average- 



undertlie direction of the Briti.sh government. Itcontaiiicil at 
least three spacious halls, one of them one hundred and lifty 
feet, by one hundred and twenty-five, and two galleries, one two 
hundred, and the other one hundred and eighty-five feet in 
length, besides iiinunienible cluinibers. Tiic portion that has 
already been excavated covers more than eight acres. Some 
of the sculptures of winged lions with human heads, shown in 
the engraving, are more than Iwenty-foiu- feet in hight. 




j-cr^Ei^iLE Ias^sT^E^,TJOTOK.. 




Id the book of Jonah it is described as an exeeedinnly great 
city, of three days' journey. If a daj's journey was fifteen or 
twenty miles, then the circumference must have been fort}-- 
five or sixty miles ; and this substantially agrees with the 
account given by the ancient writer, Sioulus, who makes it 
fifty-four miles in circuit, fifteen in breadth, and twenty-one 
in leneth. On the same authorithy, its walls were one hundred 
feet high, and so broad that six horsemen could ride abreast. 
The po|iulation must have been immense; we are told in 
the book of Jonah, that it contained one hundred and twenty 
thousand persons who did not know their right hand 
from their left. Strong in its defenses, rich in its pos- 
sessions, hixurious in its habits, it gave itself up to idolatry; 
and, according to the predictions of Jonah, it would have been 
destroyed had not its inhabitants deeply humbled themselves 
before God. Afterwards it relapsed into wickedness ; and the 
prophet Nahum predicted its overthrow. It was described as 
a "bloody city, full of lies and hypocrisy." Zephania also 
mentioned it by name, and prophesied that it should become 
a "'desolation and dry like a wilderness.'' {Zepli. ii. 13.) 

These predictions were fully verified in the year (JUG before 
Christ, and so complete was its destruction, that a few hundred 
years afterward its site was almost lost. 

Babylon and Nineveh had long been rival cities, but at 
length, Nabopolasser, father of Nebuchadnezzar, formed an 
alliance with Cyaxeres, king of ^ledia. The combined armies 
after capturing the city, put to death or made slaves of the 
inhabitants, and destroyed or overthrew the principal edifices. 
Brick seems to have been extensively used in its construction, 
and hence, after a few centuries, the piles of its ruiTishadthe 
appearance of natural mounds. 

Within the last few years, through the enterprise of .Mr. 
Layard, the long-lost Nineveh has come to light, after a burial 
of nearly twenty-five hundred years. By extensive excava- 
tions, many of its remarkable monuments have been disclo.sed; 
and its temple-palaces have been dug from their sepulchcr. 
The evidences of its skill in the arts, its images, and idols, and 
trinkets, have been disengaged from the mass of rubbish by 
which they have been so long covered from observation ; and 
the i)lan of the city itself partly traced. The work of excava- 
tion and exploration is still going on, and will no doubt bring 
to view many other things to illustrate thehistory of this great 
city and the As.^yrian empire. 

One of the peculiarities of these ruins is the striking 
resemblance they bear to those of Yucatan and Central 
America, showing cooclusivelj' that both were formed by 
peoples of kindred ideas and civilization. 



DESERKT S. S. UNION MEETINO. 



ON Monday, DecemV>er 4th, lss-_', the Union met at the 
A.wembly Hall. A.ssistant Superintendent, Geo. Goddard 
presided. 

Opened with singing by the I.'ith ward Sunday school, led 
by Brother .)o.-e|ih Morris. I'raycr by Elder M'm. Naylor. 

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved. 

Superintendent William Naylor, being called upon to report 
the i:Jth watd Sunday .school, said he had been connected with 
the school for many years. He had no special report prepared, 
but could say that the school was in a satisfactory condition, 
financially and otherwi.-e. There were 7 officers, :;:; teachers 
and over 200 scholars enrolled. The school was divided into -3 



classes. The Church and Union works were used almost exclu- 
sively in the school. The exercises were much the same as in 
other schools, except that the Sacrament was not administered 
to the scholars. The children are carefully trained to keep good 
order, but the changes constantly going on of older scholars 
leaving and fresh ones taking their places, required continual 
efforts on the part of the officers and teachers to preserve that 
good order that is so desirable in a Sunday school. He felt 
that if the parents would visit the school, they would see 
what their children were being taught, and by their presence 
encourage the school. Such visits would be very much 
appreciated by him.self and those associated with him. He 
enjoyed his labors in the Sunday school, and felt that the time 
sjient there was one of the most pleasant parts of his life. 

Elder Andrew Jensen followed with a concise and interesting 
address on the inttoduction and promulgation of the gospel in 
Denmark, Sweden and Norway. It was replete with many 
historical facts of great interest, delivered in a clear and able 
manner, and was listened to throughout with marked atten- 
tion. 

Counselor Joseph E. Taylor felt pleased with the report of 
the 13th ward Sunday school; being a resident of that ward, 
his children attended that school. He advised a strict 
observance of the counsel of the late President Young with 
regard to round dancing ; and hoped the young folks present 
would not ask their ward authorities to give license to dis- 
regard that counsel. 

Assistant Superintendent Geo. Goddard made some closing 
remarks, •in which he announced that the brass band, 
mentioned in the minutes of the last meeting, already had a 
preliminary organization and steps were being taken to obtain 
in,struujents, SlUU being furnished by the Union for that 
purpose. 

During the evening Miss Annie Peterson and Miss Agnes 
Olsen, sang several fine selections, and Aubrey's young 
serenade band was a pleasing feature of the meeting. 

Adjourned to the second Monday in January, 1883, at 7 
p. m., at which meeting the 14th ward Sunday school was 
requested to supply music and door-keepers. 

Closed with benediction by Bishop M. Atwood. 



HISTORY OF THE CHUKCH. 



(Co7itinued from paye 374, Y(A. 17). 

ON the 14th, volunteers from Mount Pisgah arrived. The 
battalion was called, and strict instructions were given 
it as to how its members should behave on their expedition. 
President Young wished them to prove the best soldiers in the 
United States service. He instructed the captains to be fathers 
to their coiupanics, and to manage their oMlees by the power 
and influence of the J'riesthood, then they would have power 
to preserve their lives and the lives of their companies and in 
escape difficulties. Said he, "a private soldier i.s as honorable 
as an officer if he behaves as well ; no one is distinguished as 
being better flesh and blood than another." They should 
keep neat and clean ; teach chastity, gentility and civility, and 
swearing mu>t not be allowed. They were to insult no man; 
have no contentious conversation with Missourians, .^Iexicans 
or any cla.ss of peoide ; were not to preach only where people 
desired to hear, and then wise men were to do the preaching. 
They were not to impose their principles upon any |)eople ; 
were to take their Bibles and Books of Mormon, and if they 



^ 



«' 



m. 



-'^ug 



J- -U-^E] UNTILE IlsrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 





had any playing cards they were to burn them. Tho officers 
were to regulate dances, but they were not to dance with the 
world. They were not to trespass on the rights of others, and if 
they should engage with the enemy and be successful, they 
were to treat prisoners with the greatest civility and never to 
take life if it could be avoided. President Young told the 
brethren of the battalion that they would have no fighting to 
do. He said that the battalion would probably be disbanded 
about eight hundred miles from the place where the Church 
would locate. He suggested that the members tarry there and 
go to work; "but," said he, "the next temple will be built in the 
Kocky Mountains ; in the Great Basin is the place to build 
temples and it shall be the stronghold of the Saints against 
mobs." 

Thirty-six years have elapsed since this prediction was 
made by President Young. At the time he thus addressed 
the battalion, this country was an almost unknown land. No 
human being knew whether grain or fruit could be raised here 
or not. All that was known about it was that it was a desert. 
The Prophet Joseph had predicted during his lifetime that 
the Latter-day Saints should become a great and mighty peo- 
ple in the Rocky Mountains ; President Young, moved upon 
by the same spirit, prophesied to the same effect. The bat- 
talion was disbanded about eight hundred miles from Salt 
Lake City: the most of the volunteers did tarry in California 
to labor, and were the n-.eans of bringing to light the gold for 
which California has since become so famous, and the dis- 
covery and digging of which has almost turned the world up- 
side down. The Great Basin has become a stronghold for the 
Saints against mobs. One temple has been completed, and 
three more are in course of erection in various parts of the 
Great Basin. 

It was somewhat difficult to raise men of the necessary age 
— between IS and 4.5 — to complete the five hundred, but by 
strenuous exertions they were at last enlisted and took up their 
line of march under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Allen, 
for Fort Leavenworth, and from thence to Sante Fe, and so on 
to California. Colonel Allen, much to the regret of those who 
knew him, did not live to lead the battalion through. He 
died at Fort Leavenworth. The battalion performed the duties 
required of it in the most satisfactory manner, and gained 
great credit by its discipline and patient perseverance in the 
midst of the difficulties which it had to encounter. No 
better troops as soldiers, no better behaved as gentlemen ever 
enlisted under the flag of the Union than these volunteers 
proved ; we shall have occasion to refer to them and their toil- 
some labors as we progress with this history. Measures were 
adopted to take care of the families of the volunteers during 
their absence. A large number of the most responsible men 
in the camp were selected to act as bishops to see that there 
was no .suffering among these families and that all were prop- 
erly provided for. 

General Thomas L. Kane, son of Judge Kane, of Philadel- 
phia, came to the camp about the time that Colonel Allen 
did, having been sent by Pfe.sident Polk as a bearer of dis- 
patches to Fort Leavenworth. It was there that he first made 
the acquaintance of President Young and the Apostles, and 
saw the people in the midst of the trying circumstances which 
surrounded them. Though quite a young man at the time, 
he took a warm interest in their welfare. lie was taken dan- 
gerously sick in camp, and it was only with the most careful 
nursing and strict attention that his life was saved. He never 
forirot this kindness, and, upon his return to Philadelphia, he 
delivered an address before the Historical Society of that city. 



in which he described in the most eloquent and touching lan- 
guage the scenes through which the Latter-day Saints had 
pas.sed, and the patriotic sacrifice which they had made to 
raise the battalion called for by the government. Probably no 
document of its size has ever described in more graphic and 
striking language the trials and suflFerings of the Latter-day 
Saints to the reader than this. General Kane has on numerous 
occasions since the one of which we write shown his friendship 
for the innocent and the oppres.sed, and he will have the 
esteem of this people as a devoted, self-sacrificing and truly 
Christian gentleman — a philanthropist in the highest sense of 
the term. 

On the 16th of July, Ezra Taft Benson was ordained an 
Apostle, to take the place of John E. Page, who had fallen. 
On the same day Elders Orson Hyde, Parley P. Pratt and 
John Taylor were appointed on a mission to England, on 
which mission they started on the 31st of that month, to regu- 
late the affairs of the Church in that land. On the 21st of 
July, twelve men were selected to preside in all matters spirit- 
ual and temporal, at Council Bluffs. Instructions were given 
to them to attend as speedily as convenient to locating and 
arranging for the stopping of the Saints, those already at 
Council Bluffs and those who might come on that season, as 
well as to use all the means in their power to have all the poor 
Saints brought from Nauvoo. They were also instructed to do 
everything in their power to assist in taking charge of the 
families of those who had gone as volunteers in the battalion. 
Instructions were given also ]for the establishment of schools 
for the education of the children during the Winter. 

Captain Allen had secured from the chiefs representing the 
Pottawattomie tribe of Indians at Council Bluffs, their volun- 
tary consent for the Latter-day Saints to make their lands a 
stopping place, and to cultivate any part of them not then cul- 
tivated by themselves, so long as they, the Pottawattoraies, 
should remain in possession of their present country. He also 
wrote a letter, to be used whenever occasion might require it, 
stating, over his official .signature, what he had done and 
advised in the premises. The Indian sub-agent of that tribe of 
Indians had also endorsed in a letter the action of the Indians, 
and of Colonel Allen as being wise and proper under the cir- 
cumstances. General Kane wrote a letter to the President of 
the United States, enclosing a copy of these documents, and 
giving Lis persona! endorsement to the measure. He said that 
while he could see no reason why the "Mormon," people should 
not winter in the valleys of that neighborhood, he considered 
it exceedingly important that they should be allowed the 
privilege of so doing, as no advice to them had been opposed 
to the crossing of the Missouri river of so large a body of them 
during that year. 

On the 1st of August, the council addressed a letter to 
Bishop Miller and the companies with him, he having gone 
out in the direction of the Pawnee village, in which they reported 
the condition of the camp, an account of the organization of 
the battalion and the intention to encamp for the winter with 
the main body somewhere on or near the Missouri river. He 
was told that the council did not think it advisable for any 
part of the companies to undertake to cross the mountains that 
Fall. Measures were taken at tho main camp by President 
Young and council to organize affairs for the season. Twelve 
men were chosen to be the Municipal High Council, who were 
to take measures to gather the Saints together at one place 
under the necessary regulations. The camp was gathered 
together at a grove which was called Cutler' si 'ark, after Alpheus 
Cutler, who was chosen as President over the Municipal High 



^-^ 



f 



J'TJ'V^EIDTILE II^STI^TJOTOI?., 



:^ 



Council. Instructions were given to the people to immediately 
proceed to the cutting of hay in sufficient quantities to supply 
the stock of the camp during the Winter. 
(To he Continued.) 



ANCIENT 



AMERICAN 
ZATION. 



CIVILI- 



BY J. n. w. 






TN ancient times Rome had taught that the earth wns 
'- flat; and that the whole habitable world was comprised in 
the three divisions of the eastern continent. To these divisions 
were assigned respectively the descendants of Shem, Ham aud 
Japheth, the three sons of Noah. 

W^hen America was discovered, these dogmas were obliged 
to fall. If indeed Columbus had, as he supposed, reached the 
Indies by a westward voyage, then the world was proren to 
be a vast ball. If on the other hand America was a separate 
continent, divided from the eastern by a wild waste of waters 
of many thosand miles in extent, as was shown by the voyage 
of Magellan, a few years later, then it was found necessary to 
account for the origin of the inhabitants. 

The teachings of Rome were altogether against their being 
descended from Adam since none such were mentioned in their 
scriptures. The protestant sects were too busy in their rival- 
ries, di-ssensions and civil wars, to give much attention to the 
subject. The stupendous event recorded in Gen. x. 2.5, seems 
to have entirely escaped their notice. Hence thej' proceeded 
to act towards the unfortunate inhabitants of ancient 
America, as though they did not belong to the human race. 

The conquest of Mexico and Peru by the Spaniards will 
ever remain one of "the bloodiest pictures in the book of 
Time." By millions upon millions whole races and nations 
were ruthlessly destroyed. It was one unspeakable outrage, 
one unutterable ruin, without discrimination of ago, sex or 
character. Those who fell not by the sword, died under the 
lash in a tropical clime, or perished in the darkness and damp- 
ness of the mines. From the fever-stricken coasts of Mexico, 
and the gloom of dense forests in Central America; from 
hiding places in the clefts of the rocks, and from the eternal 
.»nows of the Andes, where there was no witness but the all- 
seeing eye of God, there went up to Him a cry of human 
despair. 

The Bishop of Chiapa affirms that more than fifteen millions 
were destroyed in his time. From Mexico aud Peru was 
frushed out a civilization that might have instructed Europe. 
W'liat treasures would now be given for a view of that won- 
derful civilization and people that met the gaze of Cortez and 
his companions! 

Is it for nothing that Spain has been made a hideous skeleton 
among the nations— a warning spectacle to the world? Flad 
not her punishment overtaken her, men would have surely 
said, "There is no retribution; there is no God." She has 
been the in>trument in the hands of Rome of ruining two 
civilizations: an ea.stem and a we.stern; and both of the seed 
of Abraham: and in turn she has been ruined thereby 
herself. 

With circumstances of dreadful barbarity, .she expelled the 
Jew.-, and Saracens who had become the children of her soil 
by a residence of more than seven hundred years, and in 
America destroyed nations, in some respects more civilized 



than herself. By expulsion she lost some of her best citizens, 
and the wealth of Mexico and Peru, induced habits of luxury 
and effeminacy among the remainder. Her great cities have 
sunk into insignificance, and towns that once boasted of more 
than a million inhabitants can now only show a few scanty 
thousands. Surely the hand of God is visible in the degrada- 
tion of Spain. 

It is not alone the massive ruins of Central America, 
Yucatan, Peru and Mexico, that astonish the beholder. In 
almost every part of the western continent may be found the 
footprints of a mighty race, now vanished from the earth. 

In the copper mines on the shores of Lake Superior, have 
been found the implements of those who worked in those 
mines many centuries ago. These instruments are made of 
copper, yet some of them are of so fine a temper that they 
will turn the edge of the best steel instruments of our times. 
A few years ago in digging down a hill near the town of 
Fall River, Massachusetts, a mass of earth slid off uncovering 
a human skull, which was found to belong to a human skeleton 
buried in a sitting posture. When the covering was removed, 
the astonished workman saw that the trunk of the skeleton 
was encased in a breastplate of brass. This breastplate was 
oval in form, about thirteen inches long, ten in width and 
nearly one fourth of an inch in thickness. Below the breast- 
plate, and entirely encircling the body, was a belt composed of 
brass tubes, each four and a half inch in length and one-fourth 
of an inch in diameter. The poet, Longfellow, has written a 
poem on this subject with which, no doubt, many of our readers 
are familiar. The poem commences: 

"Speak, speak thou fearful guest 

Who with tliy hollow breast. 

Still in rude armor drest 
Comest to daunt me." 

Not far distant, on the bank of the Taunton River, is the 
celebrated Dighton Rock, a huge piece of fine-grained granite 
covered with sculptures and hieroglyphic inscriptions. Both 
the skeleton and the inscriptions on the rock seem to be of 
Asiatic origin. The armor is the same as appears in drawings 
taken from the i^culptures found at Palanque, Mexico. 

At Marietta, Ohio, are ancient works that cover an area 
about three-fourths of a mile long, and half a mile broad. But 
the most intricate, and perhaps the most extensive, are those 
in the Licking A'alley, near Newark, Ohio, extending over an 
area of two .'-quarc miles. 

These mounds are evidently the remains of ancient fortifica- 
tions, a.s they are invariably situated on a commanding eminence, 
or by the side of a stream. Many of these mounds have been 
found to contain skeletons ; and the appearance of the bones 
would seem to point to an antiquity of more than a thou.sand 
years. 

Curious pottery known as "coil-made pottery," has been 
found in the mounds and caves, and at the ruined "pueblos," or 
ancient villages in Utah. These ves.sels seem to have been 
formed without the aid of a potter's wheel, by coiling bands 
of clay upon themselves. 

Other relics have been di.^covered in various parts of the 
continent which throw some light on the mental and social 
condition of the ancient inhabitants of America. In August, 
IsTo, on an island in the Mississippi river, near the city of 
I>avenport, Iowa, was found a petrified skeleton. But the 
most singular part of the find came to light in the hardened 
and petrified straps, bronze buckles and wooden leg which 
continued the right extremity, that limb having been removed 
about midway between the hip and knee. This very interest- 




ing discovery proves that the art of manufacturing bronze, 
and artificial limbs, as well as the art of surgery, was well known 
among the ancient Americans. These remains were handed 
over to the Academy of Sciences'and a photograph was taken 
of the inscription contained on a rock in the vicinity. A copy 
of this photograph was forwarded to the late Mr. Barfoot, then 
curator of the Deseret Museum in Salt Lake City. 

On the 16th of April, 1S43, in a mount near Kinderhook, 
Pike County, Illinois, were found six plates of brass of a bell 
shape, each having a hole near the small end, and a ring 
through them all. The plates were so completely covered with 
rust, as almost to obliterate the characters inscribed upon each 
side of them. But after undergoing a chemical process, the 
inscriptions were brought out plain and distinct. 

There were indications that lead to the belief that this 
mound was the tomb of a family or person of distinction, in 
ages long gone by; and these plates probably contain the 
history of a person or people who existed at a time far beyond 
the memory of the present race. {For further particulars see 
appendix to 0. Pratt s ^Yorhs.) 

"In 1815, near Pittsfield, Mass., at a place called Indian 
mil. was found what appeared to be a black strap about six 
inches in length and one and a half in breadth, and about the 
thickness of a leather trace to a harness. On examination it 
was found to be formed of two pieces of thick raw hide sewed 
and made water tight vrith the sinews of some animal and 
gummed over ; and in the fold were contained pieces of parch- 
ment, of a dark yellow hue and on which was some kind of 
writing. Three of the pieces were preserved and sent to the 
University of Cambridge, Mass., where they were examined 
and discovered to have been written with a pen in Hebrew, 
plain and legible. The writing was quotations from the Old 
Testament, Deut. vi. 4-9, inclusive, and chap. xi. 13-21, 
inclusive, and Exodus xiii. 11-16, inclusive. [See Voice of 
Warning. ] 

The ancient Mexican pyramids, "leocallis," or temples of the 
sun, were still more remarkable. Two of the most ancient of 
these, near the city of Mexico, were each nearly 200 feet high, 
and the larger of the.se two, covers an area of eleven acres, 
which is nearly equal to that of the pyramid of Cheops, in 
Egypt. Now the question ari.ses, who built these mounds in 
the Missi.<-sippi Valley, and these pyramids in Mexico? To 
what race belong the relics found in Massachusetts, Illinois 
and Iowa? Surely not to the Indians who were found in 
America when the country was discovered ; for the.se things 
indicate a greater skill and culture than those tribes 
possessed. 

Antiquaries have furnished many theories to answer this 
question which ari.ses in the mind of every student. Some of 
the.se theories are very ingenious, but all are lacking in that 
important element, truth. 

For more than throe hundred years no certain light was 
thrown upon the history of that race. But that which man 
coul<l not find out, with all his learning and research, God has 
revealed in Ills own due time. And here we see a wonderful 
manifestaiion of the hand of God in the history of this con- 
tinent. A record, authentic, though brief, has been given to 
the world. The writings of some of the ancient worthies of 
that race have been preserved in the earth and hive now come 
forth for the guidance and instruction of living men. 

The Book of Mormon contains sketches of their history and 
the dealings of God with these peoples in a similar manner, 
as the Bible teaches the history and dealings of God with his 
ancient people, the .Jews. It also contains many incidental 



references to their mental and social condition and the extent 
to which the arts and sciences were cultivated among them. 

It teaches us that when the Lord confounded the languages 
at Babel, He led forth a colony from thence, to the western 
continent, now called America. This colony, after crossing the 
ocean in eight vessels and landing in this country, became in 
process of time a great nation. They inhabited America 
about fifteen hundred years but were at length destroyed for 
their wickedness, about .six hundred years before Christ. A 
prophet by the name of Ether wrote their history and an 
account of their destruction. 

This people is known in modern history by the name of 
Toltecs, the ruins of whose edifices aie widely scattered in 
Yucatan and Central America. 

The sculptures and hieroglyphics on these ruins bear a 
striking resemblance to those found in the ruins of Babylon 
and Nineveh. It also appears that the mammoth, or Amerian 
elephant, and mastodon — animals which are now extinct — 
then roamed the wilds of the western continent ; for representa- 
tion-i of these animals are often found sculptured on the walls 
of Toltec ruins. It is no doubt to these animals that reference 
is made in the fourth chapter of the book of Ether. 

After tbi'-, another colony came from Jerusalem about six 
hundred years before Christ and re-peopled America. This 
last colony grew and multiplied, and finally gave rise to two 
mighty nations. One of these was called Nephites, the other 
Lamanites. 

The Nephites were a civilized and enlightened people. For 
nearly one thousand years thy were, from time to time, favored 
with revalation from God. Prophet after prophet was raised 
up from among them, and at length they were blessed with a per- 
.sonal appearance of Jesus Christ, after His resurrection, from 
whose mouth they received the doctrine of the gospel and a 
knowledge of the future down through all succeeding ages. 
But, after all the blessings and privileges conferred upon them, 
they fell into great wickedness in the third and fourth centuries 
of the Christian era, and finally were destroyed by their 
enemies, the Lamanites. 

But though that mighty race has vanished from the earth ; 
still the grandeur of their ruins attest the greatness of their 
civilization. Indeed it seems impossible to understand the 
character and extent of these ruins unless we admit the truth 
of the records given by Mosiah, Alma and Nephi, concerning 
the arts, sciences, mode of warfare, religion and subsequent 
apostasy and degradation of that people. In fact, as researches 
continue it becomes more and more evident that ancient 
American civilization was only a transcript of ancient .Jewish 
and Egyptian architecture, manners, customs and modes of 
thought. In matters of goverment, the pomp of their 
monarchs, the arbitrary power, and the obligation of all to 
military .service present a striking resemblance to the powers 
and privileges of the kings of ancient Israel. Likewi.se their 
religious state was only a reflection of that of Asia. Their 
worship was an imposing ceremonial. Though the common 
people had a mythology of many gods, similar to the saint- 
worship of Rome, yet the higher-cultured clas.ses acknowl- 
edged but one almighty Creator. 

Marriage was celebrated by religious ceremonies and the 
laws pertaining thereto bore a striking resemblance to tho.se of 
ancient Israel. Polygamy was sanctioned, but in practice was 
generally confined to the wealthy. 

The priests administered a rite of baptism to infants and 
proselytes for the purpose of washing away their sins. They 
also taught that there are rewards and punishments in a world 



^ 




6 



vJlJ""\rEZNriIjE I3rSTie.T7CTOI^. 




to come — a paradise for the good, and a hell of darkness for 
the wicked. But the highest glory and reward was reserved 
for the noble few who fell in sacrifice or in battle for the cause 
of right. They went directly into the presence of the sun, 
whom they accompanied in his bright progress through the 
heavens. After a few years these spirits went to animate the 
clouds and add lustre to the glories of the sunset, or were sent 
til rule over and increase the pure and undying light of the 
stars. Who does not see in all this the traces of a purer 
religion, which centuries of apostasy and degradation had not 
been able to entirely destroy. This is all the more manifest 
when we consider .'ome of their maxims and forms of prayer. 
One was: "Bear injuries with humility, God, who sees, will 
avenge you." Another was: "Clothe the naked and feed the 
hungry, whatever privations it may cost thee; for remember, 
their flesh is Jike. thine and thry are men like thec.'^ Again: 
"Impart to us, Lord, out of Thy great mercyThy gifts which 
we are not worthy to receive through our own merits." Also: 
"0, merciful Lord, thou who knoirext the secrets nf aJJ lunrts, 
let thy forgiveness and favor descend. " In all these we find 
sentiments such as are contained in the scriptures of the Old 
Testament. 

One of the most important duties of the priesthood was 
that of education, to which certain buildings were appropriated. 
To each of the principal temples, schools were attached and 
lands were annexed for the maintenance of the priests. Their 
writing was on cotton cloth or skins or on papyrus, a kind of 
paper made from the aloe. At the time of the Spanish con- 
quest vast collections of these manuscripts were in existence ; 
but the first Archbishop of Mexico, burned them in the 
market-place. Rome was determined that no literature should 
exist but her own. 

The Mexican year consisted of eighteen months and each 
month of twenty days ; five days were added to make the 
number to three hundred and sixty-five. To provide for the 
U ap years tliey added twenty- four days to each century. The 
Mexican mode of reckoning was then superior to that of 
Europe. When the nations of Europe adopted the calendar 
discovered and perfected by the Jews and Saracens, then 
their mode of reckoning corresponded with that di.>iCovered by 
the seed of Abraham on this continent and both were true. 

The ancient Americans had ascertained the globular form 
of theeartb previous to their contact with Europeans. Catholic 
Europe would not admit that truth till compelled to by the 
voyages of Columbus and Magellan. 

Their agriculture was in some respects superior to that of 
Europe. There was nothinir in the Old World to compare 
with the menageries and botanical gardens of Huax-tepec, 
Chapultepec and Tezcuco, 

They excelled in the arts of the jeweller and enameller. 
They were skillliil weavers of fine cloth. They were not 
ignorant of the use of iron ; and understood the manu- 
facture of bronze, of which they al>o made use. To them we 
are indebted for tobacco, snuff, chocolate and cochineal. From 
thcui we learned the use of the potato, which ha.s now extended 
to all parts of the civilized world. Tbey, like us, knew the 
use of intoxicating drinks; and like us sometimes partook of 
them to excess. 

This sketch would be incomplete without a reference to the 
civilization of Peru. As Egypt wa.s the cradle of civilization 
in the Old World, so Peru was in the New. Like Egypt also 
it was in most parts a rainless region. The ancient Peruvian 
empire was nearly two thou.sand four hundred miles in length, 



but scarcely sixty miles in width — a narrow strip hemmed in 
between the grand Andes mountains and the Pacific 
ocean. 

The sides of this great mountain range might seem altogether 
unfitted for agriculture. But the advanced state of Peruvian 
civilization is at once demonstrated when it is said that these 
mountain slopes had become a garden. Immense terraces 
were constructed wherever required, and irrigation was 
employed on the grandest scale the world has ever seen. Peru 
possesses a varied climate. In the lower valleys near the coast 
could be raised all the products of tropical regions, at an 
elevation of a few thousand feet the climate was adapted for 
grains of a temperate zone. On table-lauds, at a great eleva- 
tion above the sea, there were villages and even cities. Thus 
the plain on which Quito stands, under the equator, is nearly 
ten thousand feet high, and enjoys a climate of perpetual 
spring. So great was their industry that the Peruvians had 
gardens and orchards above the clouds and on ranges still 
higher flocks of .sheep and llamas, in regions bordering on the 
limit of perpetual snow. 

In Cuzoo, the metropolis, was the residence of the Iiica or 
emperor, and the great temple or the sun. 

The Inca was both temporal prince and ruling priest of their 
religion. Though they ostensibly worshiped the sun, yet the 
higher classes recognized the existence of one almighty, invis- 
ible God. 

Like the Egyptians, the Peruvians understood the art of 
embalming the dead. The mummies of their Incas being 
placed in the vaults beneath the temple of the sun at Cuzco. 

The enormous crime of Spain in destroying this civilization 
has never been fully appreciated. In vain the Spaniards 
exou.se their atrocities, on the plea that these nations were 
savages and permitted human sacrifices. True, the nations of 
America sank very low when the light of the gospel was with- 
drawn ; but every candid mind will ask: "Which was the 
more degraded, papal Europe or apostate America ?" Human 
sacrifice, however cruel, has nothing in it degrading to its 
victim. It may be rather said to enoble him by devoting him 
to the gods. Although so terrib'e with the Mexicans, it was 
sometimes voluntarily embraced by them as the most glorious 
death, and one that opened a sure passage into paradise. 

There was no spectacle on the American continent, at which 
a just man might so deeply blush for his race as that presented 
in Western Europe when the martyr, from whom confession 
had been wrung by torture, passed to the stake in a sleeveless 
garment, with flumes of fire and pictures of devils painted 
upon it. Let it be remembered that from A. D. 14S1 tolSllS, 
more than .340,(1(11) persons had licon tortured, andout of these 
nearly .12, 000 burnt. Let it also be remembered that the body 
of man is of less value than the immortal soul, for the redemp- 
tion of which the agony and death of the Son of God was not 
too great a price to pay. Let it not be forgotten that at that 
period the entire authority of Europe was directed to the 
enslaving of the minds and .souls of men and making that 
noblest creation of heaven a worthless machine. 

Everywhere throughout the continent may be found traces 
of Bible and Nephite history. Humboldt, in his travels, men- 
tions a multitude of native books in which were described 
all the leading circumstances and history of the deluge, of the 
fall of man, and the first murder as perpetrated by Cain. 

('lavigero, in his history of .Mexico, tells of an ancient native 
manuscript, found at Chiapa, which gives a plain and brief 
accfmnt of the building of the tower of Kabel, the confusion 
of tongues and the .subsequent migration of Votan or Joran, 



^>^> 



-tSS^ 



a-TJ^i±]3sriLEi ■ insrsTi^.TJOTOi^, 



(dq doubt a corruption of Jared,) and his companions to the 
continent of America. 

The Indians of Cuba related to Bernal Diaz, the companion 
and historian of Columbus, a complete and scarcely corrupted 
account of the deluge, the intoxication of Noah and flam's 
shameful conduct. 

Humboldt mentions numerous traditions existing among the 
natives of Yucatan and Central America conceroing a great 
religious teacher, a wonderful personage, whom thej' called 
Quetzalcoatl, and who was a white and bearded man. "Many 
things are said of him in their books of parchment, and among 
others, that when he left them he gave them wise laws and 
maxims, and promised to return and rule over them and renew 
their happiness." Compare with this the record of Nephi. 
[Sfe III. Nephi, chip, ii- to xxviii. inclusive.) 

A tradition of the Wyandott Indians, plublished by Frederick 
Falley, of Sandusky, 0., in 1823, gives a plain account of 
the battle of Cumorah. Both Brickenridge and Humboldt 
conclude that "a great battle took place in the region of the 
great lakes not later than the year .544 of the Christian era, 
after which the Aztecs (Lamanites) took possession of the 
country southward." 

The foregoing will indicate to some extent the workings of 
the hand of God, as manifest in the history of this continent. 
Volumes might be written on this subject, but enough has 
been said to awaken inquiry among the honest in heart and 
indicate the treasures contained in the Nephite annals, and 
corroborated by the ruins of 

"This old, old land, which men call new; 
This land as old as time is old." 



INDIAN IDEAS AND CUSTOMS. 



BY LLEWELLYN HARRLS. 



THE Indian has an idea that the place now occupied by the 
earth which we inhabit was at one time an unbounded 
expanse of water, and that the darkness which here had its 
abiding place was never penetrated by a single ray of light. 
At that time the human family dwelt in an upper region of 
the creation— a place abounding in everything that could add 
to the comfort and happiness of man. There, the forests 
were full of game ; the streams swarmed with fish and water- 
fowl ; the earth produced spontaneously a profusion of vege- 
tables for the use of man ; an unclouded sun enlivened their 
days, while storm and tempests were unknown; the inhab- 
itants of that delightful region were strangers to death and its 
harbingers, pain and disease, and their minds were free from 
the corroding passions of jealou.sy, hatred, malice and revenge. 
This is the "happy hunting ground" to which the Indian 
expects to return when he dies. 

There is a tradition among nearly all the Indian tribes, that 
at some day not far distant the Great Spirit will raise up a 
mighty prophet among them who will perform great and won- 
derful works. Many of the tribes in southern Arizona and 
northern Mexico believe that just beyond the Maricopa wells, 
in the Kstrella range of mountains, Montezuma is and has 
been sleeping tor centuries. They say, however, that when 
the before-mentioned projihct appears, Montezuma will awaken 
from his long sleep, and will gather the brave and faithful 
of his people around him. He will then raise a standard of 
liberty, elevate his downtrodden people and restore to his 
kingdom the power and glory which it possessed before the 
Spaniards invaded and con(iuered it. 



These events are expected to transpire at no distant day, 
and this hope has cheered the poor Indian in centuries that 
are past. But year after year passed and Montezuma's 
slumber was not broken, neither by the battle-cry of the tribes 
that fought near the mountains where he sleeps, nor by the 
dying shrieks of the children, who had come from distant 
lands to rob him of his scepter and crown. These all fell 
unheeded on the rocks and deserts that guard his resting 
place. 

When an Indian council is held, he that desires to speak 
arises, and the others present remain perfectly quiet. When 
this speaker has finished he takes his seat, and he is then 
allowed five or six minutes in which to collect his thoughts 
and add anything which he may have forgotten before another 
takes the floor. For one Indian to interrupt another even in 
general conversation is considered very improper and rude. 
Again, when two persons are conversing privately, it is con- 
trary to their customs for a third person to in any way interfere 
and thus disturb the parties talking. These items should be 
remembered by those who anticipate traveling among the red 
men; and the lessons in politeness imparted by them are worthy 
of the consideration of every person. 



A \VILL AND A WAY. 



A LITTLE boy was very much in need of suitable clothes 
to wear to Sunday school. So he made up his mind that 
in some way he would earn them. All his spare time he was 
planning or carrying out some plan to in,;rease his little store. 
It grew a few cents at a time, until he chanced to know that a 
druggist wi.shed dandelion roots for some medical preparation. 
He went to work in a business way by first making an arrange- 
ment and fixing a price with the druggist, and then set him- 
self to work with enthusiasm. It was hard work for small 
fingers, and hands grew soiled and rough, but he did not mind 
that. The dandelions were springing up everywhere, and 
their golden stars pointed out the spots to dig. It took a good 
many roots to make a pound ; but Willie persevered, and won 
his reward. The neat Sunday suit was bought; and I know 
it gave him double pleasure because it was the fruit of his own 
industry. 

"I don't see how you ever earned it all, Willie," said a 
friend. 

Willie's answer was worth thinking over by much older 
people: 

"When my minu is very much set on anything I generally 
find a way to do it." 

He had an element of character which would go far towards 
making him a .succe.s.sful man. 

Ways of useful industry open up before almost any intel- 
ligent lad who trusts in God and tries with all his 
might. The l)est place for growing boys is the school-room, 
where that is jiossible; but if there is a need-be for them to 
be earning money, let them pray earne.stly to God for guidance, 
and then take every honest method for accomplishing their 
purpose. Do not let them scorn a work because it is lowly. 
He that "is faithful in the least" is in a fairway to promotion. 
Men respect and God honors such workers. 

A man who amas.sed a large fortune saiil tliat he never failed 
in an enterprise over which he had prayed earnestly. Such a 
practice will be likely to keep one out of any crooked ways of 
making money, and wliat is gained will have the blessing of 
God upon it. 



M 



^s/»- 



uTJ'V^EISrilL.E IITSTK/TJOTOK/. 




GEOR6X: Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1883. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




ISS EMILY FAITHFULL, a famous 
EDglishwoman who takes great interest in 
the welfare and progress of her sex, has 
lately been giving a lecture in Boston, in 
which she said that women should work 
as well as men, and that the idea that a 
woman uusexed herself by striving to 
earn her living was not only erroneous 
but ridiculous. In the face of the fact 
that there were more women than men in 
the world, she said it was cruel to put obstacles 
in the way of their learning some self-sustaining 
profession or trade. She said there were five or 
r.^-r^-f~V six per cent, more women than men, and unless 
/.^^Tr) women were prepared to encourage or advocate 
''.'/Sri polygamy they must acquire the means of support- 
ing themselves. 

This is a new argument in favor of women learn- 
ing to be self-supporting. We hope it will have 
the desired effect upon the women to whom it was addressed. 
Isaiah foretold the time when .seven women would take hold 
of one man, and say: "We will eat our own bread and wear our 
own apparel; only let us be called by thy name, to take away 
our reproach." Such women as these would be able to 
support themselves; they were to have food and clothing of 
their own, and would not ask their husband for either. When 
this day, of which Isaiah speaks, shall come, self-supporting 
women will be in a better condition to enter plural marriage 
than any others ; they are evidently the kind of women he 
had reference to. But whether the women of Boston take 
.Mi.ss FiiithfulFs advice in order to escape from the neces.sitj of 
polygamy, or not, we think the counsel she gives is excellent. 
Parents consider it a proper thing to prepare their sons for 
life : why should they not feel the same respecting their 
daughters? Why .should girls be brought up with the idea 
that they are helpless and dependent and must be supported? 
Id her lecture she drew jiarticular attention to the frequent 
instances where the widows and children of well-to-do nicn were 
suddenly left to .shift for them.selves without homes and with- 
out money. These painful occurrences show how proper and 
necessary it is that women should be educated early in life to 
earn their own bread. She said that no girl had a right to 
a.ssuine that she would be fed, clothed and cared for always. 
She should be prepared to go throuL'h life a bread-winner if 
need he. Not only did Miss Faithfull think idleness di.scredit- 
able in a woman, but that it is distasteful even to those of an 
indolent nature. 

The effect of such lectures ought to be good. But it is very 
doubtful whether it will reach the cla.ss for whom it is bet 
adapted. If they only have the effect to direct attention to 
the best means of applying woman's labor to make it most 
beneficial to her, much good will be accomplished. The girls 
of [loor parents, who live virtuous lives, must work. This is 
a Deccs.sity which is forced upon them. I5ut for lack of skilled 



employment, they frequently are not able to earn what they 
need. Women, as well as men, should be taught to be skillful. 
This is one of the great wants in our community. We have 
strong young men and strong young wtfmeu, who have 
vigorous, healthy bodies, capable of performing labor ; but, 
in too many instances, they are almost destitute of skill. The 
difference between .skilled and unskilled labor is immen.se. 
Every boy and girl should be taught some branch of skilled 
labor. There is a demand for this on every hand. Educate 
the girls in skilled industries which belong to their sex, and 
the good effects will be seen in every house and family in the 
territory. Such education will cause the girls, when they 
marry, to feel less dependent upon their husbands, and give 
them a proper feeling of equality. The fact that they are able 
to earn their own living, will not detract from their value in 
the eyes of those who desire them as wives. 

School education, if suitable in its character, will elevate 
the taste of our young people and will cause them to aspire to 
a higher standard of excellence in everj' department of life. 
These are the inevitable results of true intelligence. We have 
noticed in some instances, however, that where some young 
persons have had a little education, they have imbibed the 
idea that manual labor is undignified. Young men of this 
kind think mechanical labor or farming un.suited to them ; and 
the girls of this class look upon housework as beneath them. 
A most foolish idea to entertain. A skillful farmer is one of the 
most useful and independent men in the community. True, he 
may have to work hard, and his hands may not be so white and 
soft and his clothes may not be so neat as if he worked in a store, 
or followed some other what is called genteel employment; but 
he has advantages which frequently more than make up for 
these. So with the skillful mechanic; his services are always 
in demand. If he has a good education, he can, if necessary, 
follow many other employments besides his trade; but he has 
always that to fall back upon, and tlie experience he has 
gained in acquiring it is often very valuable to him in other 
directions. Such men are practical, and in our community 
they are the most valuable element in it. 

As to women among us, situated as we are at present, a 
knowledge of housework is almost indispen-'^able to them. 
What young man of .sense and experience would calmly choose 
for a wife a girl ignorant of housework? He could not have 
any reasonable expectation, if she continued ignorant, of 
having a pleasant and happy home. Even if he were in a 
position to employ help, how miserable a condition for a house- 
hold to be in, to be always dependent upon hired help ! And 
it is not always to be obtained of the right kind, and what 
then? What a pitiable situation for the unskillful wife to he 
in! But the skiillul hou.scwife, the wife who has learned 
every department of hou.sekeeping, is mistress of the situa- 
tion. She knows when her help are doing their work properly ; 
and when they are not, she can tell them how it should be 
done. It was such a woman that Solomon spoke of in his 
Proverbs, when he said: 

"Who can find a virtuous woman ? for her price is far above 
rubie.«. 

"The heart of her husbaod doth safely trust in her, so that 
he shall have no need of spoil. 

"She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life. 

"She sceketh wool, and flax, and workcth willingly with 
her hands. 

"She is like the merchants' ships; she bringcth her food 
from afar. 



i 



>\ 



^S^ ^i 



m 



TTJ'VEID^inijEl I3^STI?.TJOTOI?.. 




"She riseth also while it is j'et night, and giveth meat to 
her household, and a portion to her maidens. 

"She considereth a field, and buyeth it: -with the fruit of 
her hands she planteih a vineyard. 

"She girdeth her loins with strength, and streBghteoeth 
her arms. 

"She perceiveth that her merchandise is good: her candle 
goeth not out by night. 

"She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold 
the distaff. 

"She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she 
reacheth forth her hands to the needy. 

"She is not afraid of the snow for her household : for all 
her household are clolhed with scarlet. 

"She maketh herself coverings of tapestry ; her clothing is 
silk and purple. 

"Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among 
the elders of the land. 

"She maketh fine linen and selleth it; and delivereth 
girdles unto the merchant. 

"Strength and honor are her clothing ; and she shall rejoice 
in time to come. 

"She openeth her mouth with wisdom ; and in her tongue 
is the law of kindness. 

"She looketh well to the ways of her household, andeateth 
not the bread of idleness. 

"Her children arise ap, and call her blessed ; her husband 
also, and he praiseth her." 



SECRETS OF SUCCESS. 



NOTWITHSTANDING the constant reminder that "in 
the bright lexicon of youth there is no such word as fail," 
the fact, nevertheless, reminds that failure or want of success 
in life is continually occurring. There are numerous reasons 
for this, many of which it is within the power of young 
men to overcome. Some fail simply becau.se they have no 
fixed purpose. With no particular task marked out for a life 
pursuit, they are here to-day and there tomorrow, till as the 
years flit by they realize that they have done nothing. 

Every young per.son should early choose the object he or 
she would achieve, and then devote every energy to that end. 
Young people will do well to hearken to the advice of those 
older than themselves in making this choice, but when once 
made, energy and perseverance will surely give success. A 
want of perseverance is almost sure to result in failure. When 
a vocation is once selected the young man or the young woman 
must stick to it. If the task is disagreeable, it should be 
remembered that there is no position in life without its 
unpleasant surroundings. If one task is dropped to pursue 
another, it also may be found unsatisfactory. 

The young man, for instance, who is at one thing to-day 
that disappoints him, and at another to-morrow which afl^ords 
no greater delight — now manufacturing, then farming, to-day 
reading law, to-morrow stmlying n)edicine — sooner or later 
finds himself "Jack of all trades and master of none." 

Such persons gain no confidence in themselves and inspire 
less in others, and in the end have no reputation. It may be 
.set down as an axiom that, having deliberately chosen a line 
of life, it is ordinarily best to stick to it. To achieve success 
one must devote him.solf to his calling with energy. 

No Micawber has ever acconjplished any great purpose. If 
young men wait for "something to turn up," be they ever so 



patient, they are almost invariably doomed to disappointment. 
There can be no permanent success without labor, and the 
.sooner young men realize this fact and devote their most 
ardent energies to the task they undertake the sooner will the 
goal be reached. 

Young men, too, should learn to have confidence in them- 
selves. Parents should teach their children to think and act 
for themselves. The young lad who has been taught to always 
cling to his mother's apron strings is in poor condition to 
support himself when he goes out into the world. Although 
willing, such young men do not know how, and what they do 
must be under constant direction. 

Young people should early learn the responsibilities of life, 
and then if they also possess energy, perseverance and good 
habits, no apprehension need be felt t^hat success will not 
follow the pursuit of any worthy object. 



THE TEACHERS M^ORK. 



T HOLD that the most important work done in this world 
-*■ is by the much-abused, the poorly-requited, and the unap- 
preciated teacher. In fact, the teacher is indispensable. 
When Jesus came on earth. He came as a teacher; His 
mission was teaching, and the real benefactors of the world 
to-day are teachers. 

It will take centuries for the world to become convinced of 
this fact, but fact it is nevertheless. 

The preacher is but a teacher ; he is to teach men how to 
grow in morals, in virtue and religion, so as to be fitted for the 
"next class" — the spiritual stage of existence, and as such, 
we may say, he outranks him who does not do such teaching ; 
but the minister is a teacher. 

All teachers hold an important position, because they have 
it in their power to add to the happiness of mankind. The 
public are beginning to be aware, in a slight degree, of the 
good the teacher can confer. Let us look at some of these 
things : 

1. The teacher has it in his power to add length of days to 
his pupils. I have before me the case of a young man who is 
perishing for lack of any ordinary knowledge of his bodily 
organization. So are thousands. "My people perish for lack 
of knowledge," says the scripture. 

2. The teacher has it in his power to add to the happiness 
of his pupils. Knowledge and education tend that way, but 
I mean still more. The .sources of happiness are too often 
misunderstood, and the pupil graduates in utter ignorance of 
the things that he should be first and foremost in only to 
render this life worth living. To discuss this subject thorough- 
ly, would be worth more than to dig for Greek roots. 

The teacher needs faith in the resources of his work. He 
is held in little esteem, and this can only partially be over- 
come. But the times are changing; public opinion is chang- 
ing. In a few years an impetus will be gained; it will be 
fashionable to educate; men will spend their lives in educat- 
ing themselves, instead of the few years they now devote to 
it. Money will be spent in public education, that if now so 
spent would amnze us. 

Let the teacher have faith and work on. We may not live to 
see that day, but it will surely come. — Sfhrtnl. 



What is justice? — To give every man his own. 



SK 



..vs<; 



^'vJS-'- 



lO 



J"TJVE3^II_.E i:N"Sa?I^TJOTOI^. 




AN ALPINE VILLAGE, 



T^HE village, a picture of which is here presented, is very 
■*■ beautifully situated, and in some respects greatly resem- 
bles the hamlets and small settlements of these valleys. Sur- 
rounded on all sides by ^Nature's bulwarks, the inhabitants of 
these Tomantic spots often become proud in their seclusion, 
and they almost invariably form an attachment for their 
mountain homes which perishes only with their last breath. 
This latter assertion is fully proved in the experience of those 
persons who have been born and reared in these mountains; 
when duty or business compels them to leave their homes and 
go abroad, a certain feeling of lonesomeness pervades their 
breasts, which nothing but a return to the mountain home 
can dispel. This same feeling is manifested by nearly every 
inhabitant of Switzerland. The Swiss people are not, as a 
rule, blessed with such peaceful homes and such pleasant sur- 
roundings as we are, and yet their love of home and country 
is almost inordinate — only the brightest anticipations of future 
happiness will induce them to leave their VatcrJand. 

This great love of country is, doubtless, the only thing 
which made warriors of the Swiss peasants, and caused them 
to combat with their ene- 
mies with a bravery which 
was scarcely ever equaled. 
It was this love that 
as.sisted them to maintain 
their independence and 
freedom, during some of 
the most turbulent times 
through which the nations 
of Europe ever passed. 

It seems almost strange 
that the inh.ibitant.s of 
the Alpine regions; who 
have so many difficulties 
to encounter in produc- 
ing from the earth the 
necessary food, should b( 
so averse to leaving such 
a country. There, the 
steepest hills are culti- 
vated when the ground is fertile ; the gardens stand on 
their edges, as has been remarked by a humorous writer. 
< Treat labor is rei|uired in order to produce anything like 
favorable result.s. In fact, every business which is followed by 
the mountaineers of that country is coupled with .severe toil. 

Some of the Swiss settlements are .situated among the high 
mountains, in places where the light of the sun reaches them 
only for a part of the year, and even then only for a few hours 
of each day. Others are located at the foot of overhanging 
mountains, which seem to be almost ready to fall and bury 
the inhabitants of these ."fecludcd retreats in an untimely 
grave. Twice already within a century catastrophes of thi.s 
latter character have happened in those mountainous regions. 
The first of these occurred on the lind of September, ISOCi, in 
a beautiful valley of Canton Schwytz. Three villages, Goldau, 
Bu.singen and liothen, had been built at the ba.se of .Mount 
R)s.sberg, and near the shores of Lake Lauwerz. The hone.st 
pea.santry had succeeded in creating for themselves pleaf^ant 
homes and peaceful surroundings ; they felt quite secure, and 
did not even dream of the destruction that awaited them. 

hiiring the two days previous to the unhappy event, it had 
rained very hard, which caused the slight .supports that .still 




upheld the tottering summit to be almost entirely removed. 
The huge mass of earth then began to sink ; large rocks were 
loosened from their places, and rolled into the chasms which 
had been formed by the recent floods. The dismal noise of 
these evqpts was heard by the inhabitants of the doomed 
settlements, but they attributed it to evil spirits, andsomeof the 
more superstitious sent several miles to engage some priests 
to come and rebuke the unseen powers that were creating the 
disturbance. About five o'clock in the afternoon, as was 
related by persons who were spectators of the terrible destruc- 
tion from an adjoining elevation, the Ros>berg mountain was 
seen to separate and in an instant rocks, trees and dirt were 
hurled down into the valley, where they completely buried 
Goldau, and demolished Busii gen and Rothen. This destruc- 
tive mass of earth rushing onward pariially filled up Lake 
Lauwerz, and caused the waves of that small body of water 
to raise to the bight of sixty feet, thus sweeping everything 
from the shores for a distance of several miles around. 

Scarcely five minutes elapsed after the crash before the 
dust had dispersed sufficiently to allow a view of the result to 
be obtained. The valley had been filled to the depth of 
between one and two hundred feet. Eighty-seven farms had 

been wholly and sixty 
others partly destroyed ; 
upwards of two hundred 
houses had been scattered 
to the four winds; about 
three hundred and fifty 
cattle were buried and the 
bodies of five hundred and 
eighty-four human beings 
there found a grave. 
This was one of the most 
stupendous and fatal land- 
slides on record. 

Another disaster similar 
in its nature but not so 
fatal in its results occur- 
red in Canton Glarus, on 
the 1 1th of September, 
l.SSl. The village Elm, 
situated among towering 
peaks three thousand and twenty feet above the sea level 
contained a population of about a thousand. In this case 
there was no rumbling noise to give the people warning of 
danger but suddenly, as if by magic, the sumni't of the near- 
est mountain was released from its position and came crashing 
into the valley below, destroying the village almost completely, 
and burying two hundred per.sons beneath the ground. 

Landslides are not, however, the only danger to which the 
Alpine settlements are subjected, for avalanches are not 
unfrequent. They occur generally in the Spring of the year 
when the weather begins to moderate; the warm rays of the 
sun thaw the snow which has accumulated on the steep moun- 
tain sides during the winter, and when this frozen mass is 
once started it gathers force and material as it glides, sweep- 
ing everything before it in its onward course. 



The only disturber of men, of families, cities, kingdoms, 
worlds, is sin: there is no such troubler, no such traitor to any 
stat«, as the wilfully wicked man; no such enemy to the pub- 
lic as the enemy of God. 




"'im 



CrTJ"VE:DTIIL.E IJiTSTie/TJOTOI^. 



11 



!^ 



'THE HALLELUJAH BAND. 



BY AN OLD FRIEND TO THE JUVENILES. 



YOUNG readers of the Instructor, you have learned from 
an article published soroe months since of the practices 
of the "Salvation Army," a species of revivalists who have 
been operating in Europe, and to some extent also in the 
United States, trying to convert people to religion by rather 
peculiar methods, for some time past. A certain "General 
Booth" is the acknowledged head of this movement, and all 
the property which the "Salvation Army" has acquired, a 
very considerable amount, is held in his name — a rather 
shrewd financial scheme on his part, as many people darkly 
hint. His son was lately married with great pomp and 
display, and the various collections taken up by the several 
branches of the "Army" at the time of this event for his 
benefit are said to have aggregated upwards of two thousand 
pounds sterling. The financial success of General Booth's 
scheme is supposed to have aroused the envious cupidity of 
certain other aspirants in Liverpool who have started a similar 
enterprise under the title of the "Hallelujah Band." 

While in the old town of Peel, on the Isle of Man, lately I 
was induced, by the great amount of talk I heard of their 
operations, to attend a meeting of this peculiar organization. 

The meeting was held in a large hall, which was tilled with 
people of all ages, from the urchin of eight or nine to the 
gray-haired veterans of either sex, who seemed tottering on 
the brink of the grave. A great many seemed to be sturdy 
fishermen or boat- builders. After being seated a short time, 
the band, which had been parading the streets to the discordant 
sounds of a tambourine, triangle, bass and kettle drum, 
accompanied by the voices of a score of young females and a 
host of boys, entered the room. The noisy fellow who carried 
the kettle drum, and who beat it and cut ludicrous antics 
as he passed up the aisle of the hall, was pointed out to me as 
the leader. From his appearance I Judged him to be about 
twenty years of age, an ignorant, hulking, lubberly-looking 
fellow, who appeared to ape the actions of a low circus clown, 
but did it very imperfectly. He called himself "Happy 
Johnny," but if a person must make himself so ludicrous and 
offensive to all good taste and refinement in order to be happy 
I don't want to be happy. It was my opinion that his happi- 
ness or enjoyment, it he had any, was the re.sult of his success 
of imposing upon the ignorance and credulity of the people 
who flocked around him, and being able to draw pennies and 
shillings from their pockets, and having the privilege of 
rolicking with their daughters. He commenced leading off in 
a song, screeching at the top of his voice, and accompanying 
the words by beating on the kettle drum. A great many of 
the audience joined in with him, and the bass drum, triangle 
and tambourine helped to make the chorus deafening. There 
was a call for some one to pray, and the buffoon who acted as 
leader knelt on the .side of the stage and swung himself back- 
ward and forward, and throw his hands around wildly and 
shouted occasionally, "Amen!" "Hallelujah I ' "Bless the 
Lord?" etc., in a vain endeavor to work up a spirit of enthu- 
siasm, while .several others uttered incoherent prayers, the 
gist of which seemed to be that the Lord would close the 
public houses. After a while it came "Happy Johnny's" 
turn to pray, and he did so in the same hoar.se, screeching 
tone in which he had led the singing, and rocked himself in 
such a violent manner as to remind mc of the prophets of 
Baal praying for fire. There was no sign of an earnest, devo- 



tional feeling manifested by him. His manner both iu his 
praying and in his subsequent performances being more like 
that of an end man in a low colored minstrel show than 
what might be expected of a religious man or one who was in 
earnest in what he was doing. A great many of the audience 
seemed ready to laugh at the awkward attempts at wit which 
he got ofl' and the capers which he cut in jumping up and 
capering around the stage, which he did, I suppose in order 
to show that he was happy. After singing a few songs to 
rattling tunes, more noticeable for their vivacity than for their 
melody, and calling for some one to get up and say something 
as it was to be a free and easy meeting, the leader jerked off 
his coat, displaying a blue jersey which he wore underneath, 
and remarked that he was going to prepare for work. The 
speeches which followed by young and old, male and female, 
were to the effect that each felt nearer to heaven than he ever 
had been before and knew that he was saved, as he had Jesus 
in his heart. The speakers were frequently interrupted by 
"Happy Johnny," bawling out "Amen!" jumping up and 
alightning on his heels, or swinging his drumstick and yelling 
"Fire a volley!" when, as the drum stick came down on the 
drum the audience joined with him in shouting "Amen!" 

After this sort of thing had continued for some time, without a 
passage of scripture being quoted or an appeal being made to 
anybody's reason or emotions either, so far as I could discover, 
the leader announced that they would take up a collection and 
he hoped it would be a rousing one, as they depended upon 
collections for their support (I was informed afterwards that 
they take up as many as five collections in a day). Accordingly, 
a red flannel bag suspended from the end of a stick, after the 
fashion of a scoop net, was passed around the room, and from 
the rapid and long continued clinking of money as it dropped 
into it, I judged that the collection was indeed a "rousing 
one." 

3Ieanwhile singing and "testimonies" continued without 
much success attending the frantic efforts to work up a spirit 
of enthusiasm, and being thoroughly disgusted with what I 
had already seen, I found an opportunity of quietly slipping 
out and took advantage of it. Never before did I see .'uch 
nonsense and buffoonery practiced in the name of religion. 
How long the meeting continued after I left I cannot say, but 
.some quiet, .sensible neighbors informed me that it occasionally 
lasted all night, and that about in the middle of the night 
previous they had received a terrible fright by hearing screams 
in the hall as if some persons were in distres.«. On going to 
find the cause, they saw great excitement in the meeting with 
several girls prostrate on the floor from having swooned, while 
some others were in hysterics and one or two men were so 
frenzied with excitement that they had to be held down by 
main force. 

As I walked from the meeting t marveled that people of 
ordinary intelligence, as the large audience from its appear- 
ance seemed to be, should be so beguiled and deluded by a 
performance that would have done discredit to a band of Ute 
Indians, if practiced as religion. But when I consider that 
the people of Peel have over and over again rejected the 
gospel and threatened to mob the Elders who offered it to them 
free of cost, I am not .so surprised at their being taken in by 
such a transparent fraud in the shape of religion. It is in 
fullillment of the prediction of Paul: "The time will come 
when they will not endure sound doctrine, but after their own 
lusts .shall heap to them.sclves teachers having itching ears: 
and they shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be 
turned unto fables." 



m}^ 




■<ii)SP- 



-""i^jjr^ 



13 



CTTJ^IElsrirjE in^STI^TJGTOI?.. 



LEARN A LITTLE EVERY DAY. 



BY W. J. 



TIME is very valuable to mortal man. Tne few hours a day 
spent by the pupil in school, are very important hours to 
him. We are all pupils in Earth's great university, and we 
have time, precious time, at our command. But it passes 

away — 

"Like a river, time is gliding; 
Brightest hours hnve no abiding ; 
Use the golden moments well." 

And do we use our time profitably? Are we learning some- 
thing every day which shall profit us, and make us more useful 
and powerful for good, while in this earthly sphere? Is that 
which we are learning of that pure and abiding character, 
which will form a proper groundwork upon which to build an 
eternal increase of knowledge? 

The late, much respected, President George A. Smith, often 
inculcated the principle of learning a little every day ; and, with 
reference to acquiring a knowledge of the English language, 
he urged the learning of one word a day, if no more than this 
could be accomplished. And what an accumulation of words 
this would produce! In the active fifty years of a well-spent 
three-.score j-ears and ten, over eighteen thousand words can 
be learned, even at this slow rate^no mean acquirement, 
certainly, for learning them would certainly embrace a know- 
ledge of their orthography, meaning, and proper use. if 
nothing more; and it is seldom that any man learns or uses 
that number of words, even in his native tongue. It has been 
asked: '"Does any one need to know anything more than the 
letters of the alphabet, in order to learn everything else one 
wishes to learn?" Now, if the alphabet furnishes suiBcient 
tools to work with — if it is a key to the treasures of know- 
ledge generally available to human research — he who possesses 
a knowledge of thousands of words is certainly far in advance, 
and has the advantage of artillery as well as small arms. 

But, it may be urged, fifty years form a long period in which 
to labor and learn. True, it is a long time, comparatively ; 
and a very short time, also, compared with eternity, through- 
out which we expect to live, and lean a little at a time. We 
are so constituted that we can only learn a little every day. 
We can only eat a little at a. time. We cannot eat to-day for 
to-morrow. We cannot eat in youth enough to last us through 
life. We cannot eat supper at breakfast time. We need 
breakfast, and at supper time we need more refreshment. So 
with our mind food — we need it every day; and if we do not 
get it, and if we have no mental exercise, huw long would it 
take tor us to become as intelligimt as the brute sjjecies? Our 
mental powers are limited. Mortality circumscribes them. 
What we comprehend, learn, and retain, is measured by those 
Iiowers, and our diligence and wisdom in using them. But 
the point is : H'e shonhl use ihnii ! They were given us for 
this purpose, and we should never become weary of their 
proper use, but learn a little every day. 

The young lrei(ueutly lack resolution to strike out in a 
special mental path, and the determioation and perseverance 
to continue in it, if once started, overcoming obstacles till the 
goal is reached. But there is no excellence without continuous, 
earnest toil, (ialileo, at the age of eighteen, noticed the 
swinging to and fro of a lamp in the cathedral, at I'i.sa, and 
conceived the idea of applying the principle thus illustrated 
to the measurement of time; but fifty years of study and 
labor pa.ssed away before he completed his invention of the 



pendulum. But suppose he had lacked observation, he never 
would have discovered the principle shown forth in the 
swinging of the lamp; and even if he had possessed the 
observing faculty, and had been deficient in resolution, 
determination, and perseverance, the world would have been 
deprived of an invention so useful in the measurement of 
time, and in astronomical calculations, or some one else must 
have been the instrument to perfect it for the benefit of science 
and man. But he had to study and toil, and learn and 
accomplish a little every day. 

The late Dr. Livingstone, was the son of poor but honest 
Highlanders. At the age of ten he was sent to work at a 
cotton-factory near Glasgow, in Scotland. "With part of his 
first week's wages he bought a Latin grammar, and began to 
learn that language, pursuing the study for years at a night 
school. He would sit up conning his lessons till twelve or 
later, when not .sent to bed by his mother, for he had to be up 
and at work in the factory every morning by six. In this way 
he plodded through Virgil and Horace, also reading extensively 
all books, excepting novels, that came in his way, but more 
especially scientific works and books of travel. He occupied 
bis spare hours, which were but few, in the pursuit of botany, 
scouring the neighborhood to collect plants. He even carried 
on his reading amidst the roar of the factory machinery, so 
placing the book upon the spinning-jenny which he worked, 
that he could catch sentence after sentence as he passed it." 

As he grew older he became possessed of the desire to 
become a missonary to the heathen. To qualify himself for 
this labor, he studied medicine, divinity, and languages. Now, 
remember, he was a poor boy, or young man. He attended 
medical and Greek classes and divinity lectures during the 
winter season, for several years, and worked industriously as 
a cotton-.spinner during the remainder of each year, economiz- 
ing his earnings to support and educate himself, having no 
other financial resource for these purposes. 

In this way he acquired much useful knowledge, enough, in 
fact, to enable him to pass his examinations, and gain admis- 
sion as a "licentiate of the Faculty of Physicians and 
Surgeons." He determined, he persevered, he economized 
his moans and his spare motuents, and he succeeded in learn- 
ing a little every day, thu^ qualifying himself for much u.seful- 
ness in his sub.sequent African mission. 

Now, cannot there be found, in latter-day Israel, boys who 
are poor ; boys who have to work for their living ; boys who 
are not favored with the time and opportunities for study 
which many others enjoy; boys who have need to economize 
their time and means in order to educate themselves; boys 
who ar.? desirous of obtaining knowledge to ([ualify them.selves 
to be efficient missionaries to the heathen, or gospel-ignorant, 
among the nations of the earth, and who will most certainly 
have .such missions to perform. 

Yes, many such boys can be found, and this missionary 
labor lies in their path. In the councils of the Holy Ones, 
ere "the morning stars saiii.' together," or they, "the sons of 
God shouted for joy," they were designated for this work — 
designated to come to earth and tabernacle in mortal flesh in 
the latter times, and labor to establish righteousness, and 
prepare the way for the glurious millennial reign of the Prince 
of I'eace. 

In veiw of this, boys, do not waste your precious lime. Try 
to find a few spare moments every day. Arrange so as to have 
some small portion of time which you can devote to the cul- 
tivation and inprovement of your intellectual faculties. 
Father, mother, brothers, sisters, and friends will assist you 



'C---1,- 



^^^ 



J-TJ^En^IHiEl IIDTSTI^TJOTOI?., 




in this. Have the right kind of a book in a convenient place, 
so that you can use it profitablj' during the few minutes you may 
have to wait for dinner; or during the little time you may 
have at your disposal while others are finishing their dinner, 
providing you eat less or faster than they ; or during many 
other little odd periods of time which you may take the 
advantage of, if you will watch for them. Then, while others 
are loafing their time away during the winter season, you be 
diligent, studious, and persevering. 

When it is not convenient to read, think, think, think! 
Seek unto the Lord for His Spirit to illuminate your minds 
while you read and reflect, and it will rest upon you, and you 
will be able to accumulate a vast fund of useful knowledge, 
by learning a little every day. 

"Little rills inalce wider streamlets, 

Mreamlets swell the river's flow; 
Eivers join the ocean billows. 

Onward, onward, as they go! 
Life is made of smallest fragments, 

Shade and suni-hine, work and play; 
Su niaj' we, with greafest profit, 

Learn a little every day. 

"Tiny seed make boundless harvests. 

Drops of rain compose the showers; 
Seconds make the trying minutes, 

And the minutes make the hours! 
Let us hasten then and catch them. 

As they p'.ss us on cur way; 
And with honest, true endeavor, 

Learn a little every day. 

"Let us read some striking pas'iage, 

Cull a verse from every page; 
Here a line and there a sentence, 

'Gainst the lonely time of age. 
At our work, or by the way-side, 

While the sunshine's rfteking hay ! 
Thus may we, by help of heaven, 

Learn a little every day." 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



/^NE of the great peculiarities of the work of God in these 
V.^ days is, that the eff'orts of its enemies to retard and 
destroy it have only had the eff'ect to make it more widely 
known, to increase its growth and to establish it more firmly 
in the earth. The illustrations of this are very numerous. 
Our present position in the mountains, with all our indep( nd- 
ent and encouraging surroundings, is due to the past eff'oris 
of our enemies to injure and destroy us. An illustration of 
the effect of the action of those who fight us has just been 
brought before us. When the Edmunds bill was being acted 
upon in the House of Representatives tho.se who voted against 
it were told they were doing a fooli.sh thing. Those who 
wanted the bill jiassed declared that it would be very popular 
to vote for it and very unpopular to vote against it. In this 
way they tried to frighten members into voting in its favor. 
But there were forty-two men who could not be thus frightened 
into doing a wrong thing. They voted against the bill. But 
it pas.sed the House and became a law. 

Now comes the seriucl. We have talked with many of 
those forty-two members and we have not met with one who 
is sorry that he opposed that wicked bill. Those of them who 



were candidates for Congress were accused by their opponents 
of being favorable to the '"Mormons." But they showed the 
people in their speeches that it was an unjust measure and in 
violation of the Constitution. Instead of it being an injury 
to them, we are told by them, that it was an advantage to them 
They lost no votes in consequence, but rather gained them. 
One young and prominent Democrat told his constituents 
that his vote against the Edmunds law was the best he had 
cast during the Session, and it required the most courage to 
give it; but, as he had taken an oath, when he took his seat, 
to support the constitution, he had to vote against that bill or 
be guilty of perjury. 

The same is true of those who voted for the Delegate to 
Congress from Utah to have his seat. They are sustained by 
their constituents. We are happy to say we have not found one 
man who has suffered any loss by doing us justice. They 
have lost no votes upon our account. While, on the other 
hand, a number of tho.se who ttiought they would gain great 
credit in their districts because of their opposition to us, have 
been beaten at the polls. They do not even have the poor 
consolation of having a seat in Congress after doing such great 
wrong to the people of Utah. They refused to let the Dele- 
gate from Utah have his seat ; bi:t, worse for them, the voters 
of their districts have said to them that they cannot have a 
seat in the next Congress. 

But this is not all. Just think how this action ot Congress 
has advertised the Latter-day Saints. People are compelled 
to think about us. We are forced upon their attention. 
Hundreds, and perhaps thousands, are made to see that great 
wrong has been done us, that the constitution of the country 
has been trampled upon to strike us a blow. In this way our 
cause is brought to the notice of the world, and we are not left 
to our own exertions to make people acquainted with us. 
What other people in the world of our numbers are so well 
advertised and so widely known? In this way are the words 
of the angel to the Prophet Joseph, before the organiz?tion 
of the Church, being fulfilled. The wrath of man is made to 
bring praise to the Lord and to advance His purposes. 



The Edmunds law has been the means of disfranchising 
in Utah those who have obeyed the law of God concerning 
celestial marriage. By its application they are also disquali- 
fied for office. The law itself cannot do this constitutionally, 
without a conviction shall first be obtained against the persons 
accused. But the Commissioners have made rules concerning 
the application of the law which reaches these results as 
effectually as if the people had been tried and convicted. And 
now comes Mr. Edmunds with another bill to amend his 
former one. This new bill contains three features. First, the 
first wife of a man, in trials for plural marriage, can be a 
witness against him without his consent. Second, witnesses 
are to be obtained by the issuance of an attachment and with- 
out the .service upon them in person of a subpoena ; and third : 
the statute of limitation is not to operate in cases of jilural 
marriage. 

This bill is to forge more links in the fetters which arc being 
made to bind and enslave u.s. The determination is to forever 
prevent the practice of patriarchal marriage. The enemies 
of Zion think this can be done. Already they flatter them- 
selves that thoy have gone a long way towards its overthrow. 
They hojie by continuing this war — by piling law upon law, 
by (flipping our corners here and (flipping them there — the end 
they .seek for will be reached. Is it any wonder that they have 
these hopes? They do not believe in God ; or if they do, 



^ 




'^ 



14: 



CrU'\^EI:TIILE II^STI^TJOTOI^. 




they do not believe He will help us. They believe that the 
greatest numbers — they who have the greatest wealth, who 
have the most guns and the heaviest artillery, must win. They 
compare the people of Utah with the peoile of the nation at 
large — the fifty millions with iheir immense wealth and re- 
sources — and they s-ay, "If we can only arouse the fifty millions, 
through Congress, to make war upon them, they must be 
crushed." And if the Lord had not made promises concerning 
Zion, and the future of His work depended upon man alone, 
we think the hope of our enemies would be fulfilled. But He 
is in charge. He is controlling affairs, and we can rest in 
security as to the future. That which Tertullian said in early 
days about the Christians will apply to us now: 

"The more you mow us down, the thicker we rise; the 
Christian blood you spill is like the seed you sow — it springs 
from the earth again and fructifies the more." 



EARLY REMINISCENCES. 



BY .1. H. H. 



THE writer was relating some .scraps of personal experience 
to President George Q. Cannon, in Washington, .some time 
since, when the idea was suggested of preparing some items 
for publication. The matter has impre.s.sed itself upon my 
mind as a kind of duty which I now approach with some 
diffidence, trusting that the effort will redound to the praise 
and glory of God. Should the following reminiscences be the 
means of comforting some kindred spirit, cheering some 
fainting heart, or encouraging some weary soul to renewed 
zeal and energ}' in the great battle of human existence, 
and embolden .some doubting Thomas to grapple vigorously 
wirb this important question, and impart courage to lay h.ild 
of the promi.se of eternal life, T shall feel well rapaid, and will 
join the prophets and Saints in ascribing all glory, honor and 
praise unto our God, for ever and ever. 

It was on the ITth day of December, in the year 1S4T, that 
I became a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints. I was baptized by Elder John Banks, in the city 
of London. I had -studied diligently for nearly three years 
the history of the Church, its rise and progress, its doctrines, 
revelations and covenants, and all that had been written against 
it, so far as it came within my reach. There arc probably very 
few persons in the Church who wrestled with the subject more 
thoroughli' and with more dislike and prejudice than I did, 
when I commenced my investigations. I felt almost satisfied 
that its leaders were some of the fal,-e prophets that were to 
come in the last limes and deceive many; and that it was only 
necessary to read its history, interview its ministers, analyze 
their faith, doctrines and organization, and compare them with 
the Bible in order to demonstrate their weakness, fal.-^chood 
and folly. I was more anxious to do this on account of some 
esteemed friends and relatives, who had become victims, as I 
supposed, to a fal.-e reliirion. When a mere boy I had seceded 
from the church of England, because of iofixnt sprinkling, 
which I considered a false doctrine, being nowhere taught by 
Jesus or any of His apostles; and as there was only one other 
dis.-ienter in the village, it made more or less commotion. The 
Rev. Selwyn made a personal effort to restore me to his fold, 
but be became very angry at my reasoning, and left me master 
of the field. On what I considered a well-defined principle of 
obedience to the will of (jod, I went into the river and was 



baptized by one Mr. Harcourt, a Baptist minister, of some 
note, and became a strictly orthodox member of his church. I 
adopted the temperance cause moreover, and .sought by all 
known Christian methods, to serve God and keep His com- 
mandments. I felt therefore equal to encounter any heresy 
and false doctrine, and hoped and confidently expected to show 
my friends the error of their ways, and deliver them from the 
delusive system by which they had been led astray. 

My first adventure was with the little book written by Elder 
Parley P. Pratt, called, "The Voice of Warning," and subse- 
quently ail the standard works, and where I expected to dis- 
cover darkness, I found a great light. Instead of finding error, 
I found God's eternal truth. In place of finding this religious 
system in opposition to the Bible, I found it harmonizing in 
every particular. The doctrines set forth were so conclusive, 
the prophecies so clearly presented, the plan of salvation was 
made so plain, the gospel of Jesus Christ was taught with 
such power, and the Holy Spirit, with all the gifts and blessings 
attending it in former ages, being solemnly promised, and the 
kingdom of God set forth fully organzied with apostles, pro- 
phets and bishops, as in former days, 1 was confounded at my 
own ignorance, and that of all the so-called Christian churches, 
which seemed destitute of that vital power, that takes of the 
things of God and reveals them to the children of men. I 
was greatly astonished in discovering a new dispensation from 
the Almighty, committed to a people everywhere spoken 
asainst. It seemed simple in its grandeur, and grand in its 
simplicity, and who was I that I should fight against God? 

Before taking the step that was to sever my sectarian rela- 
tions, and induct me into the Church of Jesus Christ, I paid 
a visit to my friend, a Baptist minister, and presented him a 
copy of the letters by Elder Orson Spencer, requesting him to 
read them carefully and give me his views thereon. As they 
were written by a gentlermn who had been a Baptist minister, 
one of our own faith, I supposed they would commend them- 
selves to my friend with a stronger testimony and greater 
power, I was therefore not a little shocked when my pious 
minister, with bitter scorn and hatred depicted on his coun- 
tenance, said : "If I was the owner of that book, I would 
destroy it in the fire, and its author deserves no better fate." 
It was my last interview with the gentleman. His venomous 
spirit was di.sgusting and anti-Christian, and this led me, 
perhaps sooner than I would otherwise have done, to cast my 
lot with the people, whose prophets had been basely murdered. 
A people who had been but recently mobbed, robbed, plun- 
dered, and driven from their homes, and were then wandering 
in the groat American desert, with no city in which to dwell, 
but seeking a place where they could wor.ship in jieaee accord- 
ing to the dictates of their own eon.science. 

Soon after becoming a member of the Church I was called 
and ordained to be a Priest. I coninicnced preaching the 
gospel and many believed my testimony and were baptized. 
They were then organized into what was called the Brixton 
branch, over which I was called to preside, having by this time 
received a higher calling and I'riesthood. This branch sent 
out Killers to preach in other localities, and raised up scvtral 
other small branches of the Chur<h inOrsott, near Gravo.'-end, 
(Voydon, Kennington, and at a place cilhd Morton. The 
Elder we sent to Orsett was a young man of good address, but 
very timid. He was a good Latin and Greek .scholar, and 
fluent in speech. Soon after his first discourse in Orsett, 
many believed and a:-ked for bapii'^ni, but he was too timid to 
go into the water. El<ler J. P. Schiob happened to be in the 
neighborhood and baptize<l them. 'I'lie young Elder's name 



ss 



m 



cr TJ^Einsr I LE* i'iststi^tjotoi?.. 



15 




was William Fertel, he was clever and amiable, but seemed to 
lack the necessary courage and aggressiveness to fight the 
good fight to the sweet or bitter end ; he fell by the wayside, 
and his name is nearly forgotten. 

(To he Continued.) 



^t ^ '» 



NEVER aUESS. 



BY STUDENT. 



I GUESS so! May be so! How often these and many other 
slang phrases may Ve heaid among our young folks! 
Yes, and many of riper years are far from being free from 
their use ! If a great many who use them, only knew how 
the sound of such phrases grate on the ears of well-bred 
people, the blush of shame would so frequently mount their 
cheeks, they would resolve never to use them again. 

For the benefit of my young readers, I will relate a circum- 
stance that happened a few years ago at Provo. A young man 
bad gone there for the purpose of attending the Brigham 
Young Academy. He had procured his admit, and just 
stepped into the store to buy an outfit of school-books. A 
strange gentleman very pleasantly accosted him and inquired, 
if he were going to attend school. "I guess so,'" carelessly 
replied the young man. "You guess so ! Don't you know?" 
said the gentleman, in such a way that the young man felt as 
though he had suddenly been placed by a hot fire, and an 
icicle dropped down the back of his shirt collar. Resolving, 
however, to make the matter better if possible, with cheeks 
yet burning for shame at his reply, he turned to the gentleman 
and piom ply answered, "Yes sir, I do know! I came here 
from home for that purpose; I have procured my admit, and 
my business here now is to get a few books that I need." 
The gentleman then very impressively replied : "Young man, 
allow mc to give you a few words of advice. Y'^ou are now 
starting out in life. That life will be just what you make it. 
Permit me to impress upon your mind this rule: Wherever 
you may be, by whatever circumstances you may be surrounded, 
whatever company you may keep, always bear this in mind : 
Never gi(ess am/lhinr/!" 

The young man kindly thanked him for his advice, 
promising to remember it; and he has kept his promise. Years 
have passed, the gentleman has gone "the way of all the 
earth," yet the words are still fresh in the memory of the 
young man, who has ever been grateful to the stranger (whom 
he afterwards learned was not a member of the Church) that 
advised a school-boy never to use slang phrase.s. 

Kind reader, that gentleman was Dr. R — ; that young man 
the writer of this article, who has since learned that avoiding 
the u.se of one slang-phrase has tautht him to avoid the 
u.se of many others. 

Should the above assist any of its readers to cease the habit 
of using slang phrases, the writer will feel fully repaid for 
his trouble. 



Beoin the education of the heart not with the cultivation 
of noble propensities, but with the cutting away of those 
that are evil. When once tlu! noxious liorhs arc withered and 
rooted out, then the more noble plants, strong in lliiMiiselves, 
will shoot upwanls. The virtuous heart, liki^ the body, 
becomes strong and healthy more by labor than nourishment. 



THE MIRACULOUS DRAUGHT 
OF FISHES. 



BY HEARKNETT. 



THE lake of Gennesaret is a beautful sheet of water about, 
sixteen miles long and six broad, surrounded by high 
mountains, and filled with fish of many kinds At the time 
when our Lord was upon the earth an active fishing trade was 
carried on, and from all the towns and villages on its banks 
were to be seen fishing crafts of every size and description. 
Two sets of brothers had joined partnership together, and 
were among the most industrious of the fishermen on the 
lake. Their names were James and John, sons of Zebedee, 
and Simon Peter and Andrew. They all knew Jesus Christ 
and loved Him, they believed Him to be the Messiah ; but 
though they were in frequent attendance upon Him, it was 
not till after the miracle, which I am going to relate, that 
they left all and followed Him. 

One day Jesus was standing by the lake side ; people from 
all the neighborhood had flocked to hear the word of God 
taught by Him, for the report of His miracles had spread far 
and wide. They all pressed eagerly forward, anxious to 
hear the words that fell from His lips. The two ships, 
belonging to the partners whom I have already alluded to, 
were standing by the lake, unoccupied, for the fishermen had 
gone out of them and were washing their nets. Jesus 
got into one of these boats and desired Simon Peter to 
push it off a few yards from the shore. He then sat down and 
looked on the vast multitude that were assembled before Him. 
He talked to them on many vital subjets, after which he turned 
to Simon Peter, and said, "Launch out into the deep, and let 
down your nets for a draught." Now, the four men had toiled 
all night in vain and had caught nothing, and the night was 
usually the best time for fishing, so they knew there was very 
little chance for them now, and Peter told Jesus so, adding, 
"Nevertheless at Thy word I will let down the net." As soon 
as they had let down the net they inclosed a great multitude 
of fishes, so many that their net appeared to be breaking, 
and they beckoned to their partners, who were in the other 
ship, to come and help them. They hurried to their assistance, 
and by their united efforts they drew in the nets, and both 
ships were .«o filled with fish that they began to sink. They 
were obliged to pull as fast as they could towards land with 
their rich prize. Je.sus then said "From henceforth thou 
shalt catch men." 

We can learn a great lesson from this miracle, and that is, 
never to be discouraged. Although we may spend a great 
amount of time in trying to accomplish an object, yet wo must 
not give up because we meet with a little difhculty at first, but 
by continual perseverance we will be enabled to successfully 
attain the object for which we started out, and then we can 
reflect upon our endeavor to do so with a great amount of 
pride and satisfaction. 



Mannkrs are of more importance than laws. TTpon thcni, 
in a great measure, the laws depend. The law touches us 
but here and there, now and then. Manners are what vex 
or soothe, corrupt or purify, exalt or debase, barbarize or 
refine us, by a constant, steady, uniform, insensible operation, 
like that of the air we breathe in. They give their whole 
form and color to our lives. According to their quality, they 
aid morals, they supply them, or they totally destroy them. 



C^^- 



16 



CTTT^IBn^ILE IIN'STIS.TJGTOie;. 




JoyfuUy. 



THE BRIGHT NEW YEAR. 






-J— 



X-T- 









Vernalspringaud ros- y summer, Golden autumn, all are past; O'er the face of na - ture frowning, 

r^-m- -fm- -0- -•^ J 



fell 



aezzaLzai 



1 — r-r 



;t= 



-^ Iff: 

iteii-tan 



:t=t: 



-W^-W- 



r_J— 







=^: 



--^- 



\ 1- 






win - ter comes at last; Yet she brings us ma - ny pleasures, 3Ia - ny scenes of fes - live cheer; 



-■&- 



:^; 



-I — w » • •- 



-=ff-— ff-- 



ifc 



it=t: 



I— 1 1 1 1—1 — — m — «-2 1 — ^- f— I 1 Vi 1 — I — ' — I ^- ^ 1 Vi ' — 

0— i==i-g==^J=tf=*=7,Niz=zz3i^i r-*— r :g=--izEzg=^^Sdip==z^==:g^.3gzb*=i»— 



Now with joy our hearts are glow - ing While we hail the bright new j-ear, While we hail the bright new year. 



-m- -»-_ 

51 — • — ■*- 









-t — -- 






Sliding, skatins. laughing, shouting, 

Down the rugged hill we go; 
Hark! the sleigh bells gaily pealing 

O'er the white and downy snow! 
Can we think the winter dreary, 

When such merry tones we hear? 
Now the cup of pleasure sparkles. 

While we hail the brieht new year. 



C H A R ADE. 



BY F. n. S.MITH. 



My first is always on the wing, 
It travpls fust by land and sea. 

To some doth joy and comfort bring, 
To others dire calamity. 

My second you will find the while, 
Doth take my first to distant lands; 

And those who read the Juvexilk 
Will ofttimcs find it in their hanas. 

My whole is made of both combined, 
And daily sent from door to door; 
In mansion and in rot you'll find 

Tis welcomed both by rich and poor. 



r — r 



-^-- 



-s- 



Though the forest ,«hados are silent, 

-■Vnd thi' liivils have tlowii away. 
We can warble sweetest music, 

We can sing as light as they. 
Hajipy season, happy greeting. 

Friends and kindred far and near. 
Take our best and kindest wishes. 

While we hail the bright new year. 



TilK greatest man is he who chon.ses right with the most 
invincible resolution; who resists the .sorest temiitation from 
within and without ; who bears the heaviest burdens cheer- 
fully ; who is calmest in storms, and most fearless under 
menaces and frowns; whose reliance on truth, on virtue, and 
on (lod is most unfaltering. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



OEOKUK (t. CANNON, 



KDITOH. 




It is only by labor that thought can be made healthy, and 
only by thought that labor can be made happy; and the two 
cannot be separated with impunity. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks w&st of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




