
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 24, 1875. 



NO. 15. 



TIKIS S T IR, XT G- C3- L IB IF O IE?/ Xj I IF IB . 




Tnis world is full of life. From the huge elephant or ponder- 
ous whale to the tiniest animalcule to whom :i single leaf 
or flower is a world, all are struggling to continue to the utter- 
most their brief mortal existence. But tliix battle in which 
each is engaged to preseive its own being often involves the 
destruction of other forms of life. Sometimes tin 
upon the small, and sometimes the small destroy the grea*. 
Sometimes the strong conquer the weak, and son ' 

weak triumph over the strong. 
Of this fact we all are witnesses 
every day. 

All flesh-eating animals live by 
the death of others. The lion 
devours the deer or antelope, the 
wolf the lamb, the cat the mouse 
or rat, and so on. It is the same 
among the feathered tribes of the 
air and the finny tribes of the 
great waters. It extends to the 
reptiles and the insects; in fact, so 
far as we have yet learned, it 
continues through all the animal, 
even into the vegetable creation. 
Sometimes when the strength of 
the devourer and the victim nearly 
balance, the fight is desperate and 
the struggle prolonged. Such a 
case is represented in our engrav- 
ing, wherein a monster flesh-de- 
vouring reptile is crushing the 
life out of a deer. 

But there are other kinds of 
creatures, that do not win by 
strength, but by numbers or 
stealth or strategy — creatures that 
inhabit the bodies of others, such 
as those of whom so much has 

been said lately, that are reported to have eaten out the vitals 
of so many miriads of locusts; and others, we all know, that 
find homes in our own bodies or residences, such for instance 
as the flea and the fly. Of this latter creature we have picked 
up some items which we think will prove interesting. 

Our readers young and old, who use their eyes, have no 
•doubt noticed that when the common house fly alights after 
soaring about a room for some little time, he begins going 




through a series of operations which remind one of a cat lickii ■ 
herself after a meal, or of a bird pluming its feathers. Fir. !. 
the hind feet are rubbed together, then each hind leg is passe d 
over a wing, then the forelegs undergo a like treatment; an i 
lastly, if the observer looks sharp, he will see the insect cat i.v 
his trunk over his legs and about his body as far as he can 
reach. This careful rubbing of the body, Mr. Emerson, : n 
English chemist, asserts, is to remove the animalcules whi< li 

the quick motions of the flics 
have gathered on their bodies as 
they sped through the air. In 
dirty an! bad smelling quarters 
he found the myriads of Cies 
which existed were literally cover- 
ed with animalcules, while othc 
flies captured in bed rooms u: 
well veutilated clean apartment, . 
were miserably lean and entir 
free from their prey. These li: V 
creatures which form the food . 
the fly, mu-t have food also; t! . 
probably live on some creatures o 
small that our most powei.i.i 
microscopes have not yet Lcni 
able to detect them. 

The air is full of life, we brc, ;!l 
life with every inspiration. L v 
at a ray of sunlight as it ente;.- a 
room, be it ever so still, and no Lie 
the motes that dance and tremble 
in its glory. If it were not fur 
the life that tills the earth and 
air and teems in the waters, • »,■ 
existence here would be of si. . : 
duration. 

But there is another struggk ?." 
life in which men are engaged, in 
which the strong and bold often overcome their weaker fellow- 
beings. We do not allude to the cannibals of the Figi or o'.licr 
Polynesian Islands who eat their fellow men, but to all nation ■ 
and all people on the earth; but the fact is especially manifc led 
in the so-called civilized nations of modern Babylon. In fcuch 
lands the poor are battling for life, the rich for power, fame <•:• 
whatever else their ambition craves. We see in the gi 
cities fierc3 contention for work and wages, with thousand 





170 



J- TJ ^T IE 2T I L El IITSTBTJCTOB, 




men and women without employment and consequently without 
food. Again we look over the broad expanse of our nation, 
and, while thousands of souls are starving, thousands of acres 
which would yield them food lie uncultivated, and want and 
waste, misery and millionaires are the results. When God's 
kingdom is established on the earth, these things will cease. 
The United Order, to which some so foolishly object, wi'l in 
time remedy these evils. None will want food, for there will 
be plenty for all; none will go idle, for there will be work for 
all. Will this be brought about suddenly? No, it cannot; but 
we can all help to bring it nearer. How so? By each one seek- 
ing to make his life useful. For instance, the youth who is 
now verging on manhood can seek to become skilled in a use- 
ful calling. Time, knowledge and skill constitute the basis of 
riches. Gold and silver, greenbacks and bonds, are but the 
representatives of wealth. Our gold may be stolen, our bonds 
may be burned, even our banks, our houses, our ftnus, our 
manufacturies may be destroyed; but give us time, and give 
us skill and knowledge, and then, with health and industry, 
we can soon create out of the elements around us all that the 
world calls wealth and possessions. 



^TSrOTZEHSTT oiROWirsrs. 



& 



Of the crowns of Europe, the Iron Crown of Louibavdy, 
wh'ch is now restored to its resting place of centuries, in 
the sacristy of the Cathedral of Moniza, is by lav the oldest. 
This ancient emblem of authority was one of (he three crowns 
placed upon the heads of the old-time German emperors, who 
were crowned first at the trxave of Charlemagne, at Achen, 
with the silver crowu of Germany: second, at Milan, with the 
Iron Crown of Lorabardy, and lastly, at Rome, with the gold- 
en crown of the empire, bestowed by the Pope in person. 
Of these crowns the second was the most venerable, dating 
back to a period of some thirteen hundred years ago, when it 
was formed, in the early part of the sixth century, by Roman 
goldsmiths, and sent by Pope Gregory the Great to Queen 
Theodolinda of Louil ardy. 

This iron crown, as its name implies, is of simple construc- 
tion. It is but a broad fiat ring or diadem of gold, adorned 
with enamelled flowers and precious stones — stones not cut into 
faeetsas in modern jewelry, but emeralds, sapphires and rubies 
in their rough uncut form, as they came from the mine. But 
inside this circle of gold and jewels is a thin band of iron, from 
which the crown takes its name, and this iron, tradition asserts, 
is one uf the nails of the true cross hammered out into a ring. 
Its history is that of the German Empire alter the conquest of 
Lombardy, by Charlemagne, i:i 774. ft gracetl the brow ot 
thai great conqueror and emperor, and was worn in turn by 
his successors, the Emperors ot Germany. 

The last sovereign who wore it was Napoleon I. In May, 
ISU.j he assembled at Milan the dignitaries of the empire, the 
representatives of hi- royal and imperial allies, and a splendid 
circle of marshal- and general , and in their presence he placed 
it on his head, repeating the proud motto of the Iron Crown 
"God has given it to me; woe to him who touches it!" In 
1850, the Austrians, retreating from Lombardy, took the Iron 
Crown with them to Mantua and subsequently to Vienna. 
There it remained until, by 7 the treaty which ceded Venetia to 
Italy, in 1866, it was restored to its old home in the sacristy of 
the Cathedral at Moniza, and there it rests to-day amid the 
other treasures of good Queen Theodolinda, among which are 
her golden hen and its seven chickens i the rymbols of Lom- 



bardy and its seven provinces) and the crown of her husband, 
Agiluph. 

Next in age to the Iron Crown, but far exceeding it in value 
and beauty of workmanship, are the crowns of the old Gothic 
kings of Spain, discovered seventeen years ago near Toledo. 
They were found in some excavations which were made in an 
ancient cemetery at Fuente diGuerrazar, two leagues from that 
city. They are eight in number, and their intrinsic value is 
estimated at then thousand dollars. The largest, a splendid 
circle of gold one foot in diameter, bears the name of King 
Receswinthus , who resigned in the middle of the seventh 
century. This diadem is adorned with fine rubies, pearls and 
sapphires, and round it runs a row of little crosses carnelian and 
gold. 

The Crown of Scotland is also one of the older crowns of 
Europe. It is supposed to have been made for Robert Bruce, 
who reigned in the early part of the fourteenth century. It 
is formed of two circles of gold, the upper being surrounded by 
a row of crosses and Jleurs de lis, whilst the lower and broader 
ring is adorned with precious stones, in their rough, unpolis- 
hed state. From this rise two arches of gold, which unite in a 
ball and cross. This crown was used at the coronation of all the 
successors of the great Robert Bruce, and even after the 
kingdoms of Scotland and England were consolidated, the 
Stuarts came to Scotland after their English coronation, to 
receive the crown at Scone. Charles I. and Charles II. were 
both crowned with it, thelatter on January 1st, 1651. During, 
his reign the Scotch crown and regalia went through an eventful 
career. At the time Cromwell advanced across the border 
they were sent away from Edinburgh to the strong castle of 
Dunnottar, on the shores of the North Sea, lest they should 
fall into his hands. The castle was put in charge of a strong 
garrison, and well reinforced with heavy guns. On the 3d of 
January, 1662, the Cromwellian General, Lambert , having 
closely invested it, summoned it to surrender. The summons 
was rejected, and the siege began. Ogilvy, the General in 
command, had previously asked that a ship might be sent to 
carry off the crown, sceptre and sword of state, but Charles had 
not been able'to comply with his request. 

It soon become evident that the castle could not hold 
out, and means were devised to save the regalia. The chief 
agent in the plot was the wife of the Rev. James Granger, 
of Kenniff, a small church four miles from Dunnottar. She 
obtained from Gen. Lambert permission to pass through his 
lines to visit the lady of the castle, and on her return secretly 
brought away the Scottish crown. Her maid followed her, 
bearing two long bundles of lint, as if for spinning, but in one 
of them the sword of state was hidden and it the other the 
sceptre. 

On reaching Kinneff, she gave them to her husband, and 
that night they went into the church, raised a flag of the 
pavement in front of the pulpit, dug a hole, and buried there 
the crown and sceptre. In another part of the church they 
hid the sword in the same way. When, en the fall of the 
castle, ihe regalia were found to be gone, great was Lambert's 
indignation. Suspicion was, however, allayed by spreading the 
report that the crown and regalia had been sent abroad. 
Occasionally the minister and his wife went by night into the 
church to change the cloths in which the crown was wrapped, 
in order to preserve it from the damp; and at the Restoration 
they gave up the regalia in safety to Charles II. A grant of 
two thousand marks rewarded Mrs. Granger for her faithful 
service. The crown and regalia of Scotland were afterwards 
returned to Scotland, and during the reign of the Hanoverian 



3*8 




J- TJ V IE 3ST I Xj e iitstbtjctor 



171 



line of the kings in the early part of the last century, were, on 
account of the mistrust with which the sentiment of Scotch na- 
tionality was regarded, locked up in a strong coffer in Edinburgh 
Castle, for more than a century. In 1818, however, they were 
restored to light. 

Of the modern crowns of continental Europe perhaps the 
most remarkable is the well-known triple crown or papal tiara, 
or perhaps we should say tiaras, for there are four of them. 
The tiara is seldom worn by the Pope; it is carried before him 
in procession, but, except on rare occasions, he wears a mitre, 
like an ordinary bishop. Of the existing tiaras, the most 
beautiful is that which was given by Napoleon I. to Pius VII. 
in 1805. It is said to be worth upwards of forty-five thousand 
dollars. Its three circlets are almost-encrusted with sapphires, 
emeralds, rubies, pearls and diamonds; and the great emerald 
at its apex, said to be the most beautiful in the world, is alone 
valued at thirty-two hundred dollars. — Selected. 



mitftit§ J^bflttt 




BY J. L. BARFOOT. 



(Continued.) 



THE PRAIRIE DOG AND GROUND OWL. 
Cynomys Ludoviciarvus — Bairp, and Athene Uypugoea — Bon. 



E 




very person who has crossed the plains knows something 
of the "Prairie Dog villages," either by repute or obser- 
vation. Now that the great iron road crosses this continent, 
the Prairie Dog has a more extended reputation than ever. 
Then there are the little "burrowing Owls," that are the 
funniest little things imaginable; these birds are called Ground 
Owls, and they certainly merit the name, from their burrowing 
propensities and dwelling in the earth. From observations 
made by naturalists, the abode of our tiny friends is anything 
but comfortable, according to our ideas of that which is neces- 
sary to make a home so. For instance, we learn that all the 
cleanliness is on the outside, a fact that may, perhaps, apply 
to other bomes. This probably arises in part from the peculiar 
circumstances of these animals, whose history is so closely 
associated that it is difficult to speak of either alone. 

Mr. Prairie Dog is strictly a vegetarian, judging of him by 
a long extended observation in confinement; although his 
habits and system of dietetics may be considerably altered, 
and as we should probably think from our standpoint, 
improved. Now, Mr. and Mrs. Ground Owl are decidedly 
flesh eaters — when they can get it; and they are by no means 
particular as to the kind of flesh, or its condition as to fresh- 
ness. Under these circumstances it is easy to fancy the con- 
dition of a "burrow" in which are gathered the remains of 
such small animals and insects as are brought home and packed 
away to supply the family with food. 

In addition to the ordinary inmates of the home of the Prai- 
rie Dog, we are told that the rattlesnake, crotatus mnjiuentiis, 
helps to make up a ''happy family." The writer had consid- 
erable doubt about this fact until it was vouched for by a 
geutleman of unimpeachable veracity, who, although not a 
naturalist, is a close and correct observer. There is something 
very poetic in the idea of creatures so entirely different in 
character dwelling together; probably there is some sinister 
and s«lfc>h wetave om tks part of the snake as well as a desire 



for the convenince of a ready-made house to live in: tit-bits 
brought in by the owls may be an extra inducement, and, per- 
haps, when hard pressed by hunger, the "dogs" themselves 
may furnish a dainty morsel. 

A Prairie Dog, when first confined in a cage, gave many 
evidences of a propensity to "bark," if a slight chirping noise 
can be so called. There was no doubt whatever about the 
quality of its bite, and general vindictiveness. For the first 
two years his diet consisted entirely of green food, the bark of 
tender twigs being preferred to anything else. He drank no 
water during all that time, the moisture in his food sufficing 
for that liquid, which certainly cannot be found in many of the 
"dog towns." The first time some water was given him he 
put his nose to it and seemed wholly unconscious of its use. 
By degrees he acquired a habit of eating dry food as well as 
green; and, being a great favorite with the young folks, he 
became foud of candy, cakes and other delicacies, which cer- 
tainly cannot be found on the prairies. About this time water 
was offered to him again, for he manifested a desire to obtain 
some when he saw other pets of the menagerie drinking. 
From the time of drinking that water he has almost entirely 
done away with the habit of gnawing, although a rodent. 
He prefers the < iet alluded to — cakes, candy, peanuts and 
fruit. For bread, when he can get nothing better, he manifests 
a preference when green food is placed side by side with it; 
and, strange to say, pie-crust and rich cake, which he used to 
reject with as much indignaiion as a vegetarian, when he 
smelled it and detected the presence of animal food in it, he 
now eats without the least hesitation, and is actually willing to 
nibble a piece of mince pie with some degree of reluctance, 
but evidently with a determination to conquer his aversion. 
He still retains his burrowing propensities. The first winter 
of his confinement he slept for about six weeks; the attendant 
was afraid of his dying for lack of food, as he had fallen away 
in bulk considerably, so "Mr. Doggy'' was taken to a lady to 
be attended to and have the natural warmth of his 1 ody 
restored. Two hours by a warm stove brought the little fellow 
out as active as ever, and with an appetite that was truly aston- 
ishing. In this instance he was fed with bread and fruit, aftei 
partaking of which he went to sleep again and slept till one 
warm day in spring. This last winter he did not hibernate; 
probably his being in close proximity to a warm stove may 
account for this; but he still delights in burying himself beneath 
a few pieces of carpet and rags, which he ingeniously makes 
up into a nest that entirely conceals him from observation. 

The Ground Owl is not such a favorite as the "Dog," but it 
is very noticeable. It delights in bending the body with a kind 
of courtesy, a habit that probably arises from curiosity to 
know whether there is danger :it hand. The contraction and 
dilation, as well as the immobility of the eye, which makes it 
necessary for the bird to turn around to discern objects at its 
side, the diminutive size, long, spindle legs, and speck'cd but 
pleasing appearance, make it an object of singular interest to 
the visitor to the museum. 




He who receives a favor should never forget it; he wi> 
one should never remember it. 



.''VCS 



Habit is a cable, woven thread by thread till it can't hu 
broken. 



Innocence is like a polished armor: it adurui aaJ 
defends. 





172 



JUVENILE INSTRUCTOB 




TTIISrZDEIR, THE SZtsTCTW. 



From ''All the Year Round.' 



{ Continued. ) 




AT this, I could restrain my tears and sobs no longer. My 
grandfather allowed me to give way to my grief. The fire 
went out as we sat before it. We remained there in the dark, 
till it was quite late. My grandfather kept one of my hands 
in his, pressing it from time to time. 

"I have told you my fears," he said, at last; "but do not 
forget that I still have hopes. We cannot tell what unfore- 
seen cause may have prevented their coming. All may yet 
turn out well. Put your trust in Providence." 

December l.—L cannot conquer the terror which seiz s me 
as I write this date. If some of the November days appeared 
so long and wearisome, what will they be this month? At 
least it would be boirable if we were sure this were the last of 
our captivity! But I no longer dare fix any term to it. The 
snow is heaped up to such a height that it looks as if it 
would take the whole summer long to melt it. It is now on a 
level with the roof; and if I did not get up every day to clear 
the chimney, we should soon be unable to open the trap or to 
light a fire. 

It vexes me that my grandfather cannot sometimes stc| out 
of this confined vault into the open air. I asked him this 
morning what he longed for the most, and be said, "A i i f 
sunshine. Nevertheless," he added, "our lot is much less 
wretched than that of very many prisoners, a number of whom 
have not deserved imprisonment any more than we have. We 
enjoy a certain amount of liberty in our seclusion, and we 
subjects of amusement which are not attainable inside the 
four walls of a dungeon: we are nit visited every day by a 
suspicious or cruel or even an indiffen aoler. The evils 

which we suffer from th 2 han 1 of Go 1 have never the bit- 
terness of those which ve we may attribute to the 
injustice of men; and In ' . boy, we are not in solitary 
confinement; and, if your presence here i n esmetofe 1 grel 
for your sake, which I make no attempt to conceal, it also 
sustains me, and i almo<i necessary to my existence. [ do not 
think you are verj I iti Sed with your companion everything 
about us, even up to B!an hette, i- some alleviation to our 
captivity, and T assure you it is not merely for her milk'ssake 
that I feel attached to her." 

These last words set me thinking, and I proposed to let the 
poor creature live more in iur compaoy. "She is uncomfort- 
able all alone in the stable ' I said; "she bleats frequently, 
and that may do her harm and us also. What is tli 
hinder us from letting her have a corner here'.' There i 
plenty of room for all of us She will be much obliged to us 
for the honor we do her." I nailed a little manger against 
the wall, in the corner wli ' would be the least in our 

way, fixing it firmly wi I uple of stakes: and, without 

further delay, introduced Blatchette into our sitting-room. 

How delighted she is a ! he I ige! She does nothing but 
thank us, in her way. If it went on so, .-he would become 
fatiguing; but when she is accustomed to her novel position, 
she will be quieter. At this very moment, while I am com- 
mitting these details to paper, she is lyiug en some fresh 
Utter, chewing the cud peaceably, and gazing at me so con- 
tentedly that she seems to guess 1 am writing her hi-tory. 
Hitherto, she has wanted for nothing, and at last there is one 
happy being inside the chalet. 



December 3. — The sunshine today attracted me out on the 
roof. Cold dry weather has succeeded to the continued snow- 
storms. How my eyes were daaeled at the great white 
expanse, and how beautiful the forest looked! I hardly dared 
mention to grandfather the delight it gave ne; I suggested 
that I might dig away the snow in front of the door, and 
make a sloping path upwards from it to the surface of the 
snow-drift. I have already set to work, and my grandfather 
will soon enjoy what he has long been wishing for, a ray of 
sunshine. 

December 4. — My task progresses ; I labor at it as long as 
my grandfather will allow. The idea had struck him before 
it occurred to me, and I have scolded him for not communi- 
cating it. He was afraid that the exertion and the moisture 
to my feet might do me harm. 

December 5. — We can step out of our house; the path is 
in '>■ ; [ have had the pleasure of leading my grandfather 
along it, supporting him on one side. We remained several 
minutes at the end of our avenue, which is not long ; but the 
day was gloomy, and it made us very sad to see the black forest, 
the clou ly sky, and the suotv surrounding us with the silence 
o! death. We beheld only one living creature, a bird of prey, 
which passed at a distance with a hoarse scream. It flew 
down towards the valley in the direction of our village. The 
pagan* would have derived some omen from it, but we have 
ii" -uch superstition. 

iembei ' -What a dreadful day ! I had yet to learn 

:! ;i hurt up in the mountains was like. I can hardly 

Hie wh: passed out of doors. We heard a frightful 

ng. 'N hen we tried to open the door ajar, the 

ch w; led with a whirlwind of snow; the wind 

rush id in with such fury that we had great difficulty in closing 

h loor a i We were obliged to drop the trap of the 

chiiiiney; ai i, besides, it was impossible to light afire, because 

the smoke \ ,i- continually driven down again. We ate our 

milk withou b liling it. My grandfather keeps up my courage 

by hi calm ihavior, as well as by his grave and pious words. 

At the time when one would say that the wrath of God was 

hanging o>'er us, he speaks to me of His mercy. On trying 

:i second time to open the door, we found that a mass of snow 

had alien back upon it, so that we are completely imprisoned, 

as I Tore. What I most regret is my window ; it, is drifted up 

again. Dec edly, as soon as the weather permits, I will make 

a fresh atte pt to regain a little light and liberty. 

EMBER 11. — The cold is much sharper. Although we 
are buried u ider the snow, which perhaps prevents our hearing 
(lit storm, the frost strikes to our very bones. My grandfather 
sa; that, to be felt so keenly inside the chalet, the cold must 
be extrcm '.. a cm \ He supposes that the wind haschanged 
In the north. 

MB] . 13. — I was milking the goat, while my grand- 
father lighted the fire. Suddenly, she pricked up her ears, 
as if she heard some extraordinary noise. She trembled vio- 
lently from head to foot. 

"What is the matter, Blanchette?" I asked, caressing her. 
I could now hear the noises; they were low and distant howlings, 
which gradually grew louder and louder. We then heard 
hundreds of feet pattering on the crisp snow overhead ; we 
heard a ru:h of animals, a fierce struggle above us, mingled 
with horrid cries that made my blood run cold. 

"What is that?" I asked, though I knew what it must be, 
without asking. 

"Hush' The wolves!" said my grandfather in a whisper, 
blowing out the light and extinguishing the fire. "Keep 





J" TT "V IE IST I Z_. IE IUSTBTJCTOB 




Blanchette quiet ; take her in your arms, and give her a little 
salt to lick, to keep her from bleating." 

December 14. — We escaped with the fright; the wolves 
either did not suspect our presence, or were hard pressed to 
obtain some easier prey. At one time, we thought they were 
burrowing through the snow, to storm our citadel in a body ; 
but it is not certain whether they might not be tearing to 
pieces some animal which they had hunted down on the spot. 
But when the surface of the snow is frozen hard, as it is now, 
it allows the wolves to travel over it rapidly. They do not, 
consequently, remain on the heights, where little is to be had, 
but they scour down the mountain and invade the plain, to 
seize whatever falls in their vray in the outskirts of the villages. 
They departed as abruptly as they had arrived. 

Now that the door and the window are again barricaded b} T 
a deep accumulation of snow., it is clear that the trap of the 
chimney is our weakest point. For the present, 1 dare not 
venture out to breathe the air; which is sad. I have no choice 
but to remain a close prisoner. To guard against a second 
attack, and at the same time to be able to light a fire without 
being suffocated by smoke, I have fitted an iron tube, which I 
found in the stable, into a circular aperture which I have cut 
in the trap. It is safe and convenient, but it cuts us oil more 
than ever from the outer world. 

Hitherto, my grandfather would touch neither coffee nor 
wine, reserving them for time of need. But our last anxieties 
have made him so unwell, that he has consented to try whether 
they will not restore his appetite and his strength. He wishes 
me to take my share ; but I am younir, and can do very well 
without them. A long-continued milk diet, like that to which 
we are now confined, is apt to disagree with persons oflii 
December 17. — ''Time passes," my grandfather said ti 
"winter is approaching." 
"Approaching!" I answered. ' 'Is not winter coi 
"Not yet, according to the almanac. Winter does not 
till the twenty-first; it is still antumn; but who would 
that we are in the season of fruits?" 

My grandfather has eaten scarcely anything to-day. I 
persuaded him to taste a little bread soaked in wine. It i s 
evident that he makes an effort to appear more cheerful than 
he really feels. What should I do, were he to fall seriously ill? 
December 22. — It is long since we have heard any noise 
outside ; our seclusion is more and more complete. We con- 
clude that a large quantity of fresh snow has fallen, and that 
the chalet is probably completely buried under the mass. 
Nevertheless the iron tube still rises above it ; the smoke 
escapes freely : to-day a few flakes of snow have fallen down 
through this narrow channel. 

These white messengers of winter are the only things which 
keep up a communication between ourselves and the world. 
If our clock were to stop, we should lose all cognizance of time. 
Our only means of distinguishing night from day would be 
the speck of light which we can see in the morning at the top 
of the iron tube. On the other hand, we suffer very little 
from cold in our silent cave. When we have lighted the lamp, 
and are busy about our daily tasks before a bright fire, we 
partly forget our unfortunate condition. At such moments, 
there are even certain of our acquaintances who would envy 
us Who has not often wished to be Robinson Crusoe in his 
desert island ? And yet, he had less cause lor hope than we 
have. It was a mere chance that some stray vessel might touch 
at' his island, whilst we are certain that the mow will melt, 
sooner or later. 

(To he Continued.) 



'TIKIE WORLD OWES IMIIE 
.A. LIWI1TG." 




BY ROLLO. 



Now, Mr. Fold-up-your-hands, the world owes you not a 
single cent! What have you done these thirty years, but 
consume the products earned by the sweat of other men's 
brows? 

"You have ate and drank and slept— what then?: 
Why ate and drank and slept again." 
And that comprises the sum total of your existence— and 
.yet "the world owes you a living!" If, as you say, that the 
world owes you a living, you must have done something for 
the world to render it your debtor. Is there any family in 
distress that you have befriended? Any products that you 
have created? What miseries have you alleviated? What 
arts have you perfected? You answer "None! " Then if you 
have not, there never was such an absurd idea. The world 
owes you a living, and yet you have done nothing for it! You 
have been a tax upon the world from the beginning of your 
existence; and, unless your ideas change, you always will be so. 
Think over the good that (wit. the means you have spent in 
folly) you might have done for the poor and suffering. Think 
of the many little things that you might have done which 
would have brought comfort to many a fireside, and in the 
future brightened your path by your knowing that you allevi- 
ated the sufferings of those who were in need. 

Instead of the world owing you, it is your creditor to a vast 
amount; and the amount for which you stand indebted to the 
world is more than you will ever have it in your power to 
liquidate. You owe the world the labor of your strong arms, 
air! all the skill in work they might have gained; you owe the 
world the labor of that brain of yours, and the sympathy of 
your heart; in short, you owe the world the whole of the moral 
ictual capabilities of a man. Arise, then, from that 
aothi state of slothfulness in which you are 
living, and let us no longer hear the false assertion that the 
world is owing you, until you have J one something to satisfy 
the just'demand to which we have referred. Vo something to 
raise the poor and lowly from their uncomfortable position; 
remembering that if it were not for the help you have received 
from others you would be perhaps in a worse condition than 
they. 



Macattlay's Mother. — Lord Macaulay, the great essayist 
and historian, wrote these words: "Children, look in these 
eyes, listen to that dear voice, notice even the feeling of a 
single touch that is bestowed upon you by that gentle hand! 
Make much of it while you have that most precious of all gifts, 
a loving mother. Read the unfathomable love of those eyes, the 
kind anxiety of that tone and look, however slight your pain. 

"In after life you may have friends, fond, dear, kind friends, 
but never will you have again the inexpressible love and 
gentleness lavished upon you which none but your mother 
bestows. Often do I sigh in my struggle with the hard, 
uncaring world, for the sweet, deep security I felt when of an 
evening, nestled in her bosom, I listened to some quiet tale, 
suitable to my age, read in her tender untiring voice. Never 
can I forget her glances cast upon mo when I appeared asleep, 
never her kiss of peace at night. Years have passed away 
since we laid her in the old churchyard, yet her eye watches 
over me as T visit the spots long since hallowed to the memory 
of my mother." 




J 174: 



J-UTSKILB INSTBUCTOB - 




%hr Ifmrenilq |(n«irttdot|. 



GEOaGE 5. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, JULY 24, 1875. 



EDITORIAL TSZOTJC3-HITS. 

ESPECT for age is a virtue that should be 
cultivated by the Latter-day Saints. It is 
a beautiful sight to see young people 
showing honor to those in years. Boys 
and girls who do not reverence aged people 
are not likely to pay respect to their parents; 
and it is easily told in a community by the 
manners and deportment of children 
whether parents are honored or obeyed or 
or whether authority of any kind is respect- 
When we see young people in company 
choosing the best seats for themselves and leav- 
ing the poorest for their seniors to occupy, we 
have but a low opinion of their training or of 
their hearts. Such conduct gives evidence of a 
selfi li disposition, and it is apt to manifest itself in 
many different ways. When persons of this kind 



go to table you will see them selecting the best of 
even-thin-, entirely regardless of others, however aged or 
y may be; so with everything else where there 
\ it they can get the first choice, they are sure 




is a preicm 
to take it. 
becomes a -■• 
and a very ; 
i< not a de i: 
h sr dispo 
o'd age. 

Among tli 
disposition t 



V boy who cultivates such a disposition as this. 

i-h and unfeeling man, makes but a poor husband 

1 liferent father. A girl who takes such a course 

■able person for a wife, and unless she changes in 

in, she will not enjoy an honorable or desirable 

- children in this Territory there is generally a 
. respect and honor old age; yet there is room for 



great inip-ovcmen.t in this respect. There are many who do 
not respect old age as they ought. We have sometimes 
blush sd I' >r young people in company when we have seen them, 
upen entering a room, walk up to the easy chairs and take 
possession of them while aged ladies or aged gentlemen, old 
enough to be their[mothers or fathers, were obliged to take a 
less comfortable seat. Such conduct is always a mark of bad 
breeding. No gentleman or lady will be guilty of such 
c ii In -t . In this respect we may learn something from the 
Spartans, a people who lived ages ago, and whom the Chris- 
tians of this generation call pagans or heathen. 

W' arc told that one of the lessons oftenest and most 
strongly inculcated upon^the Spartan youth, was to entertain 
great reverence and respect to old men, and to give them 
pro ifs of it upon all occasions, by saluting them, by making 
way for th im, and giving place for them in the streets, by 
rising up to show them honor in all companies and public 
assemblies; but above all, by receiving their advice, and even 
their reproofs with docility and submission. By these 
chara lies a Spartan was known wherever he came. If 

he had '.! ived otherwise, it would have been looked upon 
as a reproa :h to himself and a dishonor to his country. An 
old man of Athens going into the theatre once to see a play, 
none ot his own countrymen offered him a seat. But there 
were several Spartan'ambassadors in Athens at the time and 
they were at the theatre, and when the old man came near the 




place where they and their retinue were sitting, they all rose 
up out of reverence to his age, and seated him in the midst 
of them. Therefore, there was reason for the remark that 
old age had nowhere so honorable an abode as in Sparta, and 
that it was an agreeable thing to grow old in that city. 

The Spartan method of training their children was in this 
and some other respects very good. That people rightly 
considered that the surest way to have citizens submissive to 
the law and to the magistrate, in which the good order and 
happiness of a state chiefly consists, was to teach children 
early, and to accustom them from their tender years, to be 
perfectly obedient to their parents, their masters and their 
superiors. 



ADVIOE TO YOTTISTG- ZMHEIsr. 



AN old man who has seen much of the world and its muta- 
tions writes as follows: "Old men for council and young 
men for war, " was an honored proverb of the ancients. The 
difficulty is that while old men are almost invariably capable of 
giving excellent advice, young men have a decided aversion 
to receiving it. They are so full of fire, health, hope and 
ambition that they regard old men as cynics, spurn advice, and 
choose rather to follow their own wild inclinations, impulses 
and fancies, than to carefully heed the matured wisdom of 
others. Thus they often do themselves irreparable wrong. 
Life is a grinding mill, and those who have worried pretty 
nearly through it can seldom fail to be qualified for wisely 
advising beginners. The principal portion of all the ill luck, 
anxiety and misery we have is the result of our own irupru- 
dence or mismanagement. How much of it might be avoided 
by forethought or by taking timely advice. How important to 
make not a single false step; to never move from impulse, but 
only from protracted, and even painful reflection; to study every 
inch of our pathway; to premise (he possible result of every 
stroke in life's battle; to do nothing whatsoever, however simple 
in character, without completely comprehending it in all its 
consequences and bearings. The most trivial actions often lead 
to great harvests of weal or woe. No one should enter upon 
any enterprise or any new labor, or undertake any performance, 
without first seeking the guidance of the Lord and his blessing 
upon it. By making that a rule much evil and sorrow will be 
avoided. 

''Be not wise in your own conceit. " Consider the counsels 
of others, and whatever you undertake "stick to it." If you 
till the soil, work at a trade, drive team, write for the press, 
go on a mission — if you do anything at all that the Lord re- 
quires or that your brethren and sisters are willing to pay for, 
"stick to it". The years fly swiftly. They are soon gone, and 
however hackneyed the observation, time is really money. 
Every year has its market value, in proportion to its capacity, 
intelligence, opportunity and application of each individual. 
Improve it to the utmost. Stick to whatever you are at, and 
do it with a will. Don't be led away by romantic ideas, by 
absurd ambitions, by preposterous fancies. Hang desperately 
to whatever you are at. Fight it out on that line if it takes 
a life time. You will undoubtedly do better at tint than at 
anything else. Be brave, be patient, be persevering. Not on 
the battle-field is the loftiest heroism displayed, but in quiet 
places where human applause never reaches — where nobody 
knows of or cares for the struggle — where poecs and historians 
are uninterested. No matter what you till at, "act well your 
part — there all the honor lies." 





CTTJ-VIEILTIILiIE IITSTE-UCTOR, 



175 




TZHZIE OOJD IF I S ZE3I . 



I 



IN our two previous numbers we have chatted about New- 
foundland and the Cod fish. In its turn we now come to 
the fishery. 

By the word fisheries we understand the business of catching 
fish, and the places or localities frequented by the fish that are 
the objects of capture, such as the cod, herring or salmon. 
"We also use the terms, whale fishery and seal fishery to desig- 
nate the pursuit of these animals, though neither the whale nor 
the seal are fishes. 

Amongst the ancients, fishing, as a branch of industry, was 
carried on to a very large extent; and to Latter-day Saints the 
business has peculiar interest from the fact that to many of 
the twelve apostles whom our Savior called when he was upon 
the earth followed this avocation. Peter and Andrew, James 
and John, four of the greatest and wisest men of die ancient 
church cast their nets in the waters of the sea of Galilee, and 
were thus employed when Jesus called them to be "fishers of 
men." 

The Cod fishery beg"an to be regulated by law in western 
Europe toward the end of the ninth century. During the 
middle ages the consumption of this fish was very great, that 
was in the days when all 
Europe believed in the 
Roman Catholic faith, 
whose fasts were very 
numerous. At these 
texsons flesh was not al- 
lowed to be eaten, but the 
people were permitted to 
eat fish At the time of 
the Protestant reformation 
the demand for salt fish 
sensibly diminished. 
Tne Fieneh were the first 
European nation to en- 
gage in the American Cod 
fishery. They visited 
Newfoundland as early as 




FISH KLaivii OR 




1504. Fifty years afterwards 150 Frencli vessels were engaged 
in the business, which they pursued with great su toss. Soon 
after this began a continuous succession of quarrels between 
the French and English fishermen which, though sought to 
be adjusted by various treaties, continually reappear on the 
slightest provocation, the English and American fishermen 
have also been the cause of much unpleasantness between the 
two governments. 

The various nations whose subjects were engaged in this 
industry have decided it wise policy to encourage the coil fish- 
eries by special legislation and by bounties to the fishermen. 
The fishing boats of these hardy mariners have been looked 
upon as nurseries from which men for the national fleets could- 
be drawn in times of war. So intense was this feeling, at one 
time, that colonization on Newfoundland was prevented and 
the homes of the colonists destroyed, as it was feared that the-e 
"shore fishers"' would stand in the way of the fishermen from the 
coast of Europe, decrease the number of boats leaving European 
ports and lessen the supply of able, robust, trained mariners. 

The process of curing the Cod is very simple. At the close 
of the day or when the boats are as full as they can hold, the 
fish are thrown, by means of poles armed at one end with a 

k, into the house where they are to be cured. They are 



received by persons inside who at once begin to prepare them 
for salting. The fi-h first falls into the hands of a man or boy 
called the "gutter," whose business you can all understand by 
his name, when he has done his part of the work he passes 
the fish to the man wdio stands by his side who cuts off its 
head after which it is transferred to a third who is called the 
splitter. This work is all done with the skill and quickness 
which long practice brings, and a visitor is amazed at how 
little time it takes to perform these operations. Tbe fish are 
next salted, after which they are drawn, in small quantities, on 
a sled out of the house, piled in stacks and there allowed to 
remain for a few days. They are then taken down, and, after 
being thoroughly washed, are exposed on flakes to the sun. 
Here they lie until they are perfectly dried, and are then made, 
up in stacks for the last time preparatory to being shipped for 
exportation. The "flakes" as the staging or platform on which 
they are dried is called, are constructed of pole- made of spruce 
and pine, which support a flooring of the same material. The 
poles, however, instead of being placed close together, as is 
the case in the flooring of our houses, are laid one or two inches 
apart, to admit the free circulation of the air, and thus hasten 
the process of drying. 

The lit:! • p'tctu ■>■- that have illustrated this article will give 
our readurs a pretty c irrcct idea of some of the surroundings 

of the cod fishery. First 
we gave a view of fishing 
for the Cod on the St. 
George's bank, then one 
of a curing house, next 
of a party of men gutting 
and splitting the fi-h, and 
iu this number we present 
a "fi-h flake or drying- 
stage' ' and ' stacking the 
Cod fish" 

By late telegraphic 
advices from the banks of 
Newfoundland we learn 
that the old difficulty be- 
tween the English and 
DRYING STAGE French fishermen has been 

again brought to the surface. The English fishermen are com- 
plaining that their intesests are not being looked after by the 
parent government, and th.it the French are intruding on their 
fishing grounds an 1 are breaking the treaties made for the 
mutual protection of both nations. 



-<^- - 4 £ ■ 



Tin-: story is told of a woman who freely used her tongue to 
the scandal of others, and made a confession to the priest of 
what she bad done. He gave her a ripe thistle-top, and told 
her to go nut in various directions, and scatter the seeds one 

by one. W leririg at the penance, she obeyed, and then 

returned and told her conlessor. To her amazement he hade 
her go back and gather the scattered seeds, and when she 
objected he told her that it would be still more difficult to 
gather up and destroy all the evil reports which she had cir- 
culated about others. Any thoughtless, careless child can 
scatter a handful of thistle seed before the wind in a moment, 
but tbe strongest and wisest man cannot gather them again. 



Those who, without knowing us, think or speak evil of us. 
do us no harm; it is not us they attack, but the phantom of 
their own imagination. 




99*- 



176 



J'TT'VIEXTIUjIE iitstrtjctob 



^ 




A STRATEGIC WASP. 

Nor long since, while reading beneath the shade of a fig 
tree, our attention was attracted by a peculiar loud and 
shrill buzzing sound, as of some of the bee family in distress. 
Looking in the direction of the noise, we observed quite close 
to us a dirt-dauber, or builder, one of the species of wasps so 
well known for the cylindrical cases of mud it builds under 
eaves and on sheltered walls, which it stuffs full of certain 
worms and spiders for its young. This wasp bad half of its 
body and its head down the hole of the equally well-known 
doodlebug, a worm, which children pull out of their holes by 
teasing them with a straw until th iy grasp it with their strong 
nippers and hold on until they are thrown nut. It was evident 
at a glance that the wasp bad gone down the hole of the 

doodlebug and that the doodlebug - bad him in bis strong 

grip at great disadvantage and where the •'■. of the wasp 
were of no advantage to him except i ■' a noise which 
might alarm his adversary. The conte I lasted fully two 
minutes, when finally the dirt-dauber came out with a jerk. 
He flew about a few inches from the hoi ', lit upon the ground, 
rubbed his head, and fairly danc in. 

In a few moments he recovered from 'lie effects of his 
wounds and began making short circles e ir he hole, evidently 
reconnoitering and laying 
his plans. Presently, 
alighting at the mouth of 
the hole, he tried tin 
earth all about the en- 
trance with the -!;i : l 
engineer, and s ■! ■ i :, i ; 
that which was driest, h • 
beg in t i scratch like a 
dog with bis fore fe it, 
throwing th : dusl ■ 
backwar 1 int i th • h >] :, 
We watch ■ 1 with in in 
interest, an 1 could n >; 
but admire hi- pluck and 
determination, for we STACKING THE COD 

imagined this thi owing of dn I ... ary'sheadwas 

only to provoke him to a fresh fight. Every now and then 
he would stop and take a cautious peep down the hole to 
observe the effectofhis operations. We expected every mo- 
ment to see him descend and mal I tack, but it soon 
beame manifest that such was nol his intention, and it gradu- 
ally dawned upon us that he had attack based 
upon the soundest principles of 
thorough knowledge of his a I 
usiiiL' to render bis resistanc ■ fi ill 
captive. 

By throwing fine dust into the : doodlebug would 

s be smothered, asitwasnece t tin ' ivef'ree 

air, unless heclimbed upward, a he would do. Wheneverthe 
warm worked upward to get his li i 1 il ine dust fell 

behind mid below him, and thn closed ■ . : 1 le, until, 

blinded with th idust, he poked it the top. This 

wi- tie' point aime 1 at. an I the in iui at he red hi- head 
above, the wasp pee: hii,] ■ ; : . M ,, r |^ 

drew him up, ■■ eh ire I him in I intriuni] h, 

though tie- worm was mu :h h 

with amazement at the sa icity, cien skill and engineering 
ability of the dirt^dauber, we carefullj sounded the hole, and 
found that in the course of five minutes this reasoning insect 



had filled in five inches of dust and put his formidable adver- 
sary completely at his mercy. 

The most skillful engineers, Todleben or Beauregard, could 
not have thrown up earthworks with a profounder calculation 
than this natural engineer. — Selected. 



SANDWICH ISLANDS, 

EXTRACTS FROM THE EDITOR'S JOURNAL. 

{Continued.) 



ui 1 of th i ei ians h • was 

:"i lli .i en e;isy 



rpiiE country resembled in some respects that through which 
. we pa-.-ed yesterday, but uninhabited. After a toilsome 
walk of some seventeen or eighteen miles, we arrived at the 
crater a little before three o'clock p. m. We saw nothing to 
indicate our near approach to it; no truncated top as we see in 
pictures of other volcanoes, nor elevated summit to be distin- 
guished in the distance, but an immense chasm or pit with 
perpendicular sides, about twelve miles in circumference and 
one thousand feet deep. 

We became aware of our proximity to the object of our 
journey by the steam which we saw issuing from the numerous 
md pits scattered around on the surface of the ground, 
in the vicinity of the 
edge of the crater. In 
the distance Mauna Loa 
loomed up with its regular 
and dome-like summit, 
from which there was a 
very violent eruption in 
February, 1852, which 
caused some apprehen- 
sions to be felt for the 
safety of the town of 
Waiakea, on Byron's Bay 
— the principal place on 
the island. 

As the main part of the 
company had not come up, 



FISH. (See Tage 175.) 
we deferred our descent until morning, and employed ourselves 
in visiting the pits and seamswhence the steam issued. In one 
of these places the heat was sufficiently great to cook potatoes; 
and in one ravine we found banana trees and a few sweet 
potatoes growing. There is a sulphur bank or mound a short 
distance from the brink of the crater, called by the natives 
the Mona, where there are a great many chimneys, out of 
which a strong sulphurous steam was issuing, and so hot as to 
almost instantly scald the hand. 

We ascended the mound, and examined the different aper- 
tures, the sides of which were covered with fine crystals of a 
yellow color. The vapor which is emitted from these holes is 
almost overpowering, and the footing is so very precarious that 
nothing but a strong curiosity could have induced us to 
aproach the edges of these chimneys. We collected some 
very fine specimens of chiistalyzed sulphur, but owing to the 
want of facilities to carry them without spoiling, we were only 
able to preserve a few. 

The whole of the surrounding country bears the impress of 
the agency of great internal fires, which are constantly at 
work, and which cause the whole of the island occasionally to 
tremble. 

W r e found a spring of water near the edge of the precipice, 
winch, our guide informed us, was formed by the condensation 






JTJVE1TILB IITSTBTJCTOR 



177 





of the steam on the surrounding bushes. OJielos — the Hawai- 
ian whortleberry — grow quite plentifully, but many of the 
natives, I understood, are so superstitious that they will not 
touch them, as they say it will be sure to rain, and they will 
be apt to perish with cold. 

Towards four or five o'clock the natives had all arrived; they 
brought un a large calabash of poi — a paste made by pounding 
the halo root — on a pole between two of them; also a hog that 
had been killed and cooked in the ground by the orders of 
Brother Napela, who was caterer for the party; every one of 
the natives had also brought along a small bundle of pai ai 
(kilo pounded and wrapped in hi leaves). 

The process of cooking in the ground, so common among 
the Pacific islanders, is as follows: — They make a round hole 
in the ground, varying in size according to the quantity of 
food to be cooked, and then build a fire in it; they then pile a 
large quantity of stones on the fire; when they are thoroughly 
heated, they are spread evenly on the bottom and sides of the 
hole. Ifkalo(aroot which they cultivate and use as their 
common staff of life) is to be cooked, it is piled on these in a 
conical heap, and then covered thickly with leaves; on the 
leaves there is a coat of dirt thrown up of suffi ient thickness 
to prevent the escape of heat or steam and just before closing 
it up entirely with dirt, there is a bucket or two of water 
poured in at the tip to be converted into steam by the heat of 
the stones; and this cooks the food. Tn this manner meat is 
also cooked, with the exception of not pouring water in as 
with the kalo; if a hog, it is filled with heated stones, pockets 
being made in the shoulders for (he insertion of hot stones; 
water is then poured into it to create steam, ami it is laid on 
the heated stones in the hole, leaver being first laid to keep it 
from sticking to the stoues or burning, an 1 it is then covered 
as the kale. 

We stopped for the night in a grass house which had been 
built on the brink of the precipice fir the accomodate 
visitors, and in the evening we had a splendid view of I 
lurid fires of the volcano; their reflection en the moving '<> ds 
of smoke required but little stretch of thcii i i< i<> people 

the bottom of the crater with living beings. It wa in y to 
account for an imaginative, superstitious people, ;i- the 
Hawaiians are, believing that these f'anta I • forms of do 
were the spirits of the departed, they ire o truly life-like. 

In consequence of the altitude, we found it quit'' c>>M in the 
night and had to keep a good fin- in the house; there being no 
chimney, the smoke annoyed us considerably. In the morning 
we were up and stirring betimes, and, without stopping to eat 
breakfast, commenced to descend, accompanied by our guide. 
By the aid of a good stout staff, which we found of g;e t 
benefit, we accomplished the descent in safety, and soon found 
ourselves at the edge of what has been appropriately called 
the black ledge. 

This was an immense field of lava which ran all round the 
pit, and was the effect of some former eruption. The appear- 
ance of this lava was singular indeed, resemblme in many 
respects the sea, in its wave-like appearance, it a field of shore 
ice from which the water had receded, leavii ; i hattered and 
cracked. In fact, I cannot compare it to anything better than 
a frozen sea, black as coal; some portions of it resembling the 
sea in a state of rest, other portions as it would appear in a 
violent storm; in some places the waves had combed one over 
another, as in the ocean, and in this position they had cooled. 
Great care had to be observed in crossing over these combing 
waves, as the crust was thin and there was danger of breaking 
through. How awfully grand must the sight have been when 



this whole mass of lava was in motion — a sea of liquid fire — 
and how insufficient language is to convey to the mind of man 
anything like the effect the sight of it would have produced. 
In cooling, it had cracked, leaving large seams from which 
s:eam and heat issued, and in many places we had to use cau- 
tion in crossing them on account of the intensity of heat. 
These fissures varied from two to six feet in width. 
( To be Continued. ) 



BIRDS. 



(Continued.) 



THE TOUCAN. 

The most extraordinary part of this bird is the enormous 
beak, which, on the Toco Toucan is of gigantic dimensions, 
Fceming big enough to give its owner a perpetual headache. 
The beak is very thin, and is strengthened by a vast number 
of honey comb cells, so that it is very light, and does not 




incoi -loth- i.-il i;i the loi Ln | ^-forming the usual 

dutie: o.'thebeak, : • ii a : up food and pluming the 

feathers, this apparently unwieldy beak is used with perfect 
address, and even in flight i! ■ weight does not incommode its 
owner. 

A Chinese Fable — A priest ing an old piece of paper 

on the grot nd old : . pick it up, which he did 
immediately. 



''What paper is it? 



id the i : iest. 



"It is," p pil " '■ once enveloped some perfume; 

it has been thrown away, but yet it retains the odor." 

Going farth . . tin priest iw a piece of string upon the 
ground, and told the pupil to take it up. 

"What string is ii?" he asked. 

The pupil said, "It has a smell of fish, once tied with it." 

"In the beginning," Faid the priest, "man was pure and 
without blemish. ' ut by frequent contact with others, he has 
brought himself happiness or punishment. If one keeps the 
company of wise and good pi iple, he becomes wise and good, 
but if he contracts friendship with foolish and wicked people, 
misfortune and punishment overcome him. As with this 
paper, it continues to be fra rant from having once enveloped 
perfuim ; as the string has become stinking, having once touched 
fish. In our intercourse wit h men, insensibly we contract good 
and bad habits from them." 





JTJVB1TILE IFSTBTJCTOB. 




menca* 



BY 0. M. 0. 



ANCIENT RUINS. 



[Continued.) 




IN the northern part of the Mexican State of Chiapa, hidden 
from sight by the den*e forest, and forgotten long before 
the arrival of Cortez, the extensive ruins sinee known as 
Palenque were discovered during the year 1750. Whether the 
discovery was due to chance, or to divine revelation made to 
the Indians, as is asserted in that country, one thing is certain: 
they were never mentioned before that year. The news of 
their discovery excited considerable interest in Spain, and two 
explorations were made by order of the government (Bernas- 
coni's, 1784, and Del Rio's, 1785). The expedition of Del Rio 
alone was productive of any result, and that only in the form 
of a brief and superficial description. Eighteen years after- 
wards Charles IV., of Spain, caused a careful reconnoissance 
to bo made of them, but the results of this expedition long 
remained unknown. During the period of the revolution the 
three memorials of Captain Dupaix and the drawings of his 
companion, Castaneda, remained forgotten in the archives of 
Mexico. Finally, by exchange, they became the property of 
M. Baradere, who published them in 1S34 in a work called 
Recuil dis Antiqui/es Mexieaines. Waldeck (1834) and Steph- 
ens (1843) have added much to Dupaix, by giving fac-similes 
of the hieroglypbical tablets. Other explorers have since 
visited the ruins, and with pen and pencil excited our curiosity. 
And still it is possible that many of the ruined edifices have 
not been seen, but lie buried and unknown in the forest.. 
The largest building at Palenque is called the "palace." It 
stands near the river on a terraced, pyramidal foundation 
40 feet high, and 310 feet long, by 260 broad at the base. 
The building, which is built of hewn stone and laid in cement 
with remarkable precision, faces the east, and is 228 feet long, 
ISO feet wide and 25 feet high, and has fourteen doorways on 
each side, with eleven at the ends. A corridor nine feet wide 
and roofed by a pointed arch went around the building on the 
outside; this was separated from another within of equal width. 
The "palace" has four interior courts, the largest being 
seventy by eighty feet. They are surrounded by corridors, 
and the architectural work facing them is richly and elaborately 
finished. Around the top of the building runs a broad cornice 
of stone. The whole building has been originally coaled with 
stucco and painted, remains of red, yellow, blue, black and 
white paint being still visible in many places. Between the 

d ways are square pieces adorned with spirited figures in 

stucco. A flight of broad stone steps leads up the side of the 
terrace to the principal doorway. From the north side of one 
of the courts rises a tower three stories high, built of stone; it 
is thirty feet square at 'the base. Within the courts of the 
palace are several other buildings, all much ruined. The 
great mound used for the foundation of this building was 
encased with stone, the workmanship here and everywhere 
else about this structure being very superior. Where the 
stucco, or plaster, has been broken, six or more layers or coats 
are revealed, each layer presenting traces of painting. This 
indicates that the building bad been used so long before it was 
deserted that the plastering needed to be many times renewed. 



It would be beyond our limits to attempt to give a detailed 
description of the sculptured has reliefs, the groups and figures 
in stucco which decorate the walls of the innumerable rooms 
and corridors in the palace; we therefore refer our readers to 
the beautiful drawings by Catherwood and the graphic descrip- 
tions of Mr. Stephens' work?. Two other buildings marked 
by Mr Stephens in his plan of the ruins as "'Casa No. 1" and 
"Casa No. 2," are remarkabh. No. 1 is seventy-five feet long, 
by twenty-five feet wide, and stands on the summit of a high 
truncated pyramid; it has solid walls on all sides save the 
north, where there are five doorways. In the interior are a 
corridor and three rooms, and between the doorways leading 
from the corridor to these rooms are great tablets, each thir- 
teen feet long and eight feet high, all covered with elegantly 
carved inscriptions. A similar but smaller tablet, covered with 
an inscription, appears on the wall of the central room. This 
building resembles the palace in architectural and ornamental 
features, and also displays the same workmanship. Casa No. 
2, generally called "La Cruz," is built on a steep and lofty 
pyramid, which stands on a terraced foundation. The build- 
ing is fifty feet long, by thirty-one wide; ic has three doorways 
at the south, with a corridor and three rooms. This edifice 
has, above the hight required for the rooms, "two stories of 
interlaced stucco-work, resembling a high fanciful lattice." 
Here I may say, as to ornamentation, the walls, piers and 
cornices if all the ruined buildings of Palenque are covered 
with it; everywhere the art! -tic skill and workmanship is dis- 
played, Mr. Stevens going so far as to say "In justness of 
proportion and symmetry of form, approaching the Greek 
models.' This building is usually called "La Cruz," because 
the most -prominent object within the building is a great has 
relief, on which is sculptured a cross and several human 
figures. The building is approached by a flight of steps. 
Dupaix says, "It is impossible to describe adequately the 
interior decorations of this sumptuous temple." This cross is 
supposed to have been the central object of interest. It was 
wonderfully sculptured and decorated, and occupies the centre 
of the sculptured tablet. It stands on a highly ornamented 
pedestal, and is surmounted by an extraordinary bird, the 
wings and tail of which hear a strong resemblance to many of 
the plumes in the hea ! dresses of the figures on the walls of 
the palace. Around the bird's neck hang strings of beads, 
from which is suspended an ornament resembling the curious 
flower called by the Aztecs "macphalxochitl," or "flower of 
the hand," the pistil being in the form of a bird's foot, with 
six fingers terminating in so many nails. On each side of the 
cross, with their faces turned towards it, are two male figures, 
carved with si justness of proportion equal to the sculptured 
remains of Egypt. One of these figures seems to be making 
an offering o f a ctiild to the bird. The infant held by this 
figure suggests the idea of a Christianity. The other figure is 
looking on, and being shorter that his companion, is mounted on 
a kind of footstool, in order to bring his head in a line, and 
properly balance the composition. The costume of the men is 
different from that of the other figures found among the ruins; 
for whik the garments of the latter in many cases indicate the 
warrior, the robes of these two figures are made of a pliable 
texture, more resembliug the loose cotton drapery of the priest. 
The cross is one of the most common emblems found in all 
the ruins, and this led the early Catholic missionaries to assume 
that the knowledge of Christianity had been brought to that 
part of America long before their arrival; and they adopted 
the belief that the gospel was preached in Yucatan by St. 
Thomas. 





CT IT ^ IE IN" I LIE IITSTE/TJCTOE, 



179 




In one of the other "casas" there is a tahlet containing 
two figures very much resembling the two in adoration before 
the cross in Casa No. 2. Here they appear to be making 
offerings of infants to a hideous mask with the tongue lolling 
out of the mouth, and supported by two crossed batons richly 
ornamented. The floors of these adoratorios were excavated by 
Del Rio, and found to contain an earthen vessel and a circular 
stone, beneath which were a stone head, two small pyramids, 
with the figure of a heart made of dark crystal and two covered 
earthen jars containing a substance resembling vermillion. 

Among the stucco ornaments in these buildings are beautiful 
designs of plants and flowers. Mr. Stephens also found the 
sculptured head and two bodies of figures of most just and per- 
fect proportion and symmetry of form. One statue only has 
been found similar to those of Copan. It is ten and a half feet 
high, elaborately carved and engraven with hieroglyphics. 

What more may be discovered at Palenque when the whole 
field of its ruins shall have been explored it is impossible to say. 
The chief difficulty in the way is explained by Mr. Stephens, 
who states that the forest is so dense that without a guide he 
might have gone within a hundred feet of the buildings 
without discovering them. More, much more, has been dis- 
covered by explorers than I have mentioned. 

The ruins of Palenque, or Otolum, as it is called by some 
writers, are deemed by archeologists of the greatest importance, 
on account of the abundance of inscriptions found there, which 
it is believed will at length be deciphered, being similar to the 
written characters of the Mayas, which are now understood. 



itroT imiy" "woie^ik:. 




How often do we hear boys, when asked by their parents or 
others to do anything, exclaim petulantly, "That's not my 
work!" How often do we hear thoughtless sisters jar and 
contend and make one another quite niiseral le over some 
trifling labor required, because each considers it uot her work. 
How often too do employers meet with a spirit of careless in- 
difference or open opposition to their wishes .when they require 
some slight service at the hands of an employe ^ho consider 
it not his work. 

The fact is, if we should study our own interests as parts of 
families, as employes, or as members of society we would not 
be such sticklers for what we .may consider our own particular 
rights and specified duties. The person who by acts of kind- 
ness and pleasant words makes himself most agreeable in the 
family will find his presence most wished for and enjoyed; and 
his reward will not be lacking, either, for he will have it every- 
day in kindness returned, in additional peace of mind and in 
the consciousness he can always carry with him that he is 
making others happy. 

The workman who is cheerful, always ready to study, respond 
to and even anticipate his employer's wishes, and be equally 
obliging to his fellow workmen, is not likely to lose anything 
by such a course. On the contrary, the chances are that it 
will be a stepping stone to his advancement; for his affable 
obliging disposition will succeed, while twice the amount of 
ability, combined with a surly, obstinate, contentions disposi- 
tion might fail entirely. 

The following anecdote from an exchange illustrates the dis- 
position of those who claim that certain things are not their 
work, as also the estimation in which such persons are held by 
their em p'oyers: 

A dispute having'long existed in a gentleman's family be- 



tween the maid and the coachman, about fetching the cream 
for beakfast, the gentleman one morning called them before 
him, that he might hear what they had to say, and decide 
accordingly. The maid pleaded that the coachman was loung" 
ing around the kitchen the greater part of the morning, and 
yet was so ill-natured that he would not fetch the cream for 
her, notwithstanding he saw she had so much to do as not to 
have a moment to spare. The coachman alleged that it was 
not his business. 

"Very well," said the master, "but pray what do you call 
your business." 

"To take care of the horses, and clean and drive the coach," 
he replied. 

"You say right," answered the master, "and Idonotexpect 
you to do more than I hired you for, but this I must insist on> 
that every morning before baeakfast you get the coach ready, 
and drive the maid to the farmer's for milk; and I hope you 
will allow that to be part of your business." 

The coachman and the maid soon after came to terms. 



HOW HUE JDTJD IT. 



Iuetuknkd to Ashville after an absence of three years and 
found my friend Truffles grown fat and jovial, with a face 
t lie very mirror of peace and self satisfaction. Truffles was the 
village baker, and he was nut like this when I went away. 

"Truffles" said I, "how is it ? You have improved." 

"Improved! how?" 

"Why, in every way. What have you been doing?" 

Just then a little girl came in with a tattered shawl and 
barefooted, to whom Truffles gave a lojif of bread. "Oh, 
dear Mr. Truffles," the child said, with brimming eye, as she 
took the loaf of bread; "mamma is getting better, and shesays 
she owes so much to you. She blesses you, indeed she docs." 

"That's one of the things I've been doing," he said after 
the child had gone. 

"You are giving the suffering family bread?" I queried. 

"Yes." 

"Have you any more cases like that'.' 1 " 

"Yes, three or four of them. I give them a loaf a day, 
enough to feed them." 

"And you take no pay?" 

"Not from them." 

"Oh! from the town?" 

"No; here," said Truffles, laying his hand on his breast. 
'I'll tell you," he added, smiling. ''One day over a year ago 
a poor woman came to me and asked for a loaf o. bread, for 
which she could not pay— she wanted it for her poor suffer- 
ing children. At first I hesitated but finally I gave it to Ik r, 
and as her blessings rang in my ears after she had gone, I felt 
my heart grow warm. Times were hard, and there was a 
good deal of suffering, and I found myself wishing, by and by, 
that I could afford to give away more bread. At length an 
idea struck me. I'd stop drinking and give that amount 
away in bread, adding one or two loaves on my own aecoun*. 
I did it, and it's been a blessing to me. My heart has grown 
bigger, and I have grown better every way. My sleep is sound 
and sweet, and my dreams are pleasant. And that's what 
you see, I suppose." — New York Observer. 



^»--.<^. i »«»■ 



The best practical moral rule is never to do what we should 
at any time be ashamed of. 





180 



CT IT "V^ IE UST I !_. IE IITSTRUCTOR 




E"EVER <3-I"VE UP 



Music by E. Beesley. 




i — 4 — -j 1 ^ U^i—«! — & 



=F 



^-M- 



1. Nev-er give 
:!. Nev-er grve 
o. Nev-er give 



up! it is 
up! there are 
up! , lio' the 

i 



1=3 



V—W- 




fc* 



— m — m- — ~i— J 

Throw oft the 

And mid the 

Stand like a 






r-^-q: 



wiser and 

chances and 

it may 

! < \ 



bet - ter 

changes 

rattle, 



^&E=S 



Always to 
Helping the 
And the full 



hope than 
hopeful a 
thunder cloud 



lt32E=: 



b 



i 1 — i- 



S?EEEi 



EgE-gEgEJ EggE 



once to de - spair; 

hundred to one, 

o - ver you burst. 
o 

■m-t if 
t=J=t 



:M= 






:=z)i 



>» — 



=1= 
-o- 



=-"=£ 



i 



=F 



-d— J 1—* 1 , *— w— * — 



-i 1^- 



load of doubt' 
cha-os, high 
rock, and the 
i i 

— B — i . 



< can - ker 

wis-dom 

storm or 

i * 



ing 
ar 
the 

i 



letter, 
ranges 
battle 



And 

E 

But 



break the dark 
ter - nal sue 
lit - tie can 



spell of tyr - 

cess, if you'll 

harm you, tho' 



i i -o- 



zt=q 



an - ni - cal care, 
on - ly hope on. 
do-ing their worst 



.*-■« . 



dc|c 



-*-4 



X 



=te 







- -j — an ■ 



izL : 






1 — « i — 3 — I-3J- 



^i — «> — ."S 



— r-d- 



Nev-er give 

Nev-er give 
Nev-er give 



! or the 
' for thi 

! if ad 



z ] mr:^t—\m—3zz's-~ . 



sink you, 
boldest, 



I "esse-. 



; i 'i 1 1 •.:■!> 

wisest is 
vel'-.-i - ty 



Prov - i - deuce 
Knowing that 

Prov - i - dence 
<ss. «> & 



:p2§pfp33^Hpx= 

-J s J ^-3—^ 



m 



:trc: 



:©z 



zm~. 






kindly has 

Providence 
wisely has 



mingled 
mingles 
mingled 



the cup 
the cup 
the cup 






1 



-■zzz 



w~w r 



-=£=*& 



w^m 



re 






>'—* 






And 

And 
And 



in all 
of all 

the best 



i- the 
:] in 



tri-al 

! i as the 
all vi mr dis 



J 



1 — dn — m — | — =-■•.- 1 1 — , , — *- 

- — » 1 1 — — - — « - m—\ — * 1- 



=m- 



Hr- 



33^3B 



— i >—«*—* — — a— a — gn — i 1- 

, j- 1 , 1 



T" 






=t=— 



think you The watchword of lifeshouldbe — Never give 
old -est Is that no-ble watchword of — Never give 

(., — es Should be the stout watchword of — Never give 

■» 19 | 

.v- a -er> ■ -at- -«s»- o o c -*- 

:t==|B=q::=t=;t=z|=:q= !2»=i^~i*rq:rtr= m—»~ 



up. 
up. 
up. 



-I- 



j=E: 



-| |s» 



=?=: 



I 



S TT ZLST 3D _A. Y LBSSOU 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. . 



S 



OX TIIK HISTOKT OK JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XIV. 




What prevented the people from getting the plates? 
The wisdom of God which was given to Joseph. 
Were the people angry because they could not get them 
■Yes, very. 

What were the plates made of? 
Gold. 

What was each plate covered with'.' 
■With engraved writing. 
Whe wa- it that wrote on the plates? 
■A prophet of God by the name of Mormon. 
What was the writing about? 
It gave an «<■■■. unit of the Nephites and Lamanites. 
Hmv wide were tlie plates? 
—Nearly eight inches. 
How thick were they? 
Not quite so thick as common tin 
What form were the plates in? 
In the form of a hook. 



Q. — How were they fastened together? 

A. — By three rings running through the edges of all the plates. 

Q. — How thick was the book or volume? 

A. — Nearly six inches. 

Q. — Did Joseph translate the whole of it? 

A.— No. 



crcnrzEieTiijiE htsthtjotoh 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE O. CANNON, EDITOR A PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

^2^-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
' 'Editor J uvenile Instructor. ' ' 




