*9^^ 



pflltntss ifl t|t l^orlir! 



'^^5^' 




M*l»'« 



^J 1^ 



VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, DECEMBEK 7, 1872. 



NO. 25. 



THIE IF- 1?. I C3- -^ T E BIK.ID, 



OF the several varieties of aquatic birds the Frigate, or Man- 
of-war bird, of 'which we present you an engraving this 
week, is a peculiar and rather an interesting specimen. Frigates 
and men-of-war, you probably all know, are not made for 
peaceable purposes, and as these peculiar names have been 
given to this bird because of his natural qualities, you may 
readily guess that he is not a very peaceably disposed bird; 
and the fact is, his name has been given, because when in pur- 
suit of food, he frequently acts the part of the robber, preying 
upon and robbing his neighbors, the terns, gannets, gulls and 
others. From this you can see that his name is not at all 
an improper one. His physical character is peculiar as well 
as his mental. 

A full grown " ' 

frigate bird is 
a little more 
than a yard 
long from the 
tip of his bill 
to the end of 
his tail; but 
see what short 
legs he has 1 
They are not 
very well 
adapted for 
land journeys, 
and the man- 
of-war bird is 
clumsy when 
there. But 
what he lacks 
in length of 
leg is more 
than made up j 
in wing, for 

his flying apparatus is extraordinarily large, his wings when 
extended being seven feet from the tip of one to the tip of the 
other. He makes good use of them too, for he can fly faster, 
further and higher than any other aquatic bird, being frequently 
seen a thousand miles from land. Notwithstanding his great 
length of wing the Frigate has but a small body, for a full 
grown bird weighs only four or five pounds, so you see that, 
altogether, his structure is rather singular — vjry short legs, 
very long wings, and a long but very light body. 

The frigate bird is a dweller in tropical or very warm regions. 
lie lives chiefly on fish, but he never dives for it, as many 



other aquatic birds do. He can see from a great bight, and 
when on the look out for breakfasc, dinner, or supper, as the 
case may be, he, almost with the speed of an arrow, swoops 
down to the surface of the water and secures a trout, her- 
ring, or mackerel, while it is sporting there ignorant of 
danger. 

A gentleman residing in Jamaica, where these birds are 
numerous, says they are constant attendants on tlie fishermen 
when engaged at their labors. Over the heads of these men 
the frigate birds remain stationary, watching their every mo- 
tion. Pelicans, gulls and other sea birds are also on the watch, 
I in hopes of a feast when the fishermen are hauling in their well- 
filled nets; but 
should an un- 
fortunate fish, 
by chance fall 
to the share 
of a tern or 
gull before the 
frigate, the 
latter instant- 
ly assails the 
former with 
beak and 
wings, and be- 
ing no match 
for him eith- 
er one gladly 
gives up what 
he has caught, 
glad to escape 
the onslaught 
of their furi- 
ous antagon- 
ist. 
The bill of 

the frigate bird is longer than his head, and both the upper 
and lower portions are hooked and sharp, and the neck is sliort 
and stout. The color of the body of the full grown bird is 
very dark, and glistening; the wings are tinged with sr.ay and 
brown. The plumage of the female is less shiny than that of 
the male, and the sides of the neck and part of the breast 
are white. In 8outh America they are numerous, but are 
seldom found in the United States further north than South 
Carolina. Tihoy build their nests of sticks, in trees on unin- 
habited islands, or in the most solitary places they can find. 
Their young grow slowly, and sometimes fall a prey to full 




i^g^ji= 



i. 



't 



194: 



oTTJ^EI^sriLE IITSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



"^m 



grown aquatic birds of other kinds, which thus repay the 
frigate for like depredations which he commits upon them. 



S<^z5'9« 



THIE STOLEZnT BXJ'PTEK.. 



IN a village of the Lower Iihine, one cold snowy night an 
innkeeper, named Michel, was just leaving his room to close 
bis shutters, when he saw the only customer who still remained 
in the house approach the shelf on which the butter was kept, 
take up rather more than half a pound of it, and hide it slyly in 
his cap. 

" Stay a minute or two longer, Jacques," said Michel to him 
as he came in, whilst he shook the snow from his shoes; in 
such cold weather as this, another glass won't do you any 
harm." 

But the thief had not reckoned upon this, he would have 
preferred to go away as quickly as possible; he already had his 
hand upon the latch, but he thought a refusal might excite 
suspicion. The innkeeper forced him to sit down near the 
stove, in such a position that he found himself barricaded on all 
sides by the chairs and tables; then Michel sat down himself, 
at the only place by which the thief could have reached the 
door. 

" We will make a good fire, Jacques," he said, as he heaped 
the faggots into the stove. "Warm yourself well, my good 
fellow. I should be sorry for you to take cold." 

The thief, already beginning to feel the butter melt upon his 
hair, got up quickly, saying that he was obliged to return. 

"Not before you have had another glass," 3Iichel replied, as 
he ibrced him to take his place again; "besides I have an 
adventure to tell you about." 

"But it is so terribly hot here," said Jacques, making a 
movement to get up again — a movement which was, however, 
at once checked by the heavy hand of the host. 

" What is there to make you in such a hurry, neighbor ?'' 

"I have my cows to feed, some wood to cut; then, too, my 
wife was complaining when I left her — I fear she is ill." 

"Nonsense! I have just met her. She told me that she 
was very well indeed; and your cows won't die of hunger if you 
are a Uttle late. Really, I have never seen you refuse a glass 
before, or be so very punctual. Ycu are making such a droll 
face, one would think you were frightened at something," 
added 3Iichel, whilst he filled his glass. " Here is some bread, 
Jacques, you can put some butter to it yourself; it is quite 
fresh; 1 have several pounds up there. How do you generallj' 
melt you butter?" inquired Michel in the most innocent way in 
the world. 

Jacques began to perceive that he was caught; but he was 
afraid to confess the theft. Drop by drop, the melted butter 
began to flow down from underneath his cap, all along his face, 
and his handkerchief was already quite soaked through with it. 

" It is icy cold to-night," obseiTcd the malicious innkeeper, 
"and yet you appear to be hot 1 Why don't you take off your 
cap? Come, let me hang it up for you on this nail." 

" No, no 1" cried the guilty fellow at last — for his speech had 
suddenly returned to him — as he held his cap with both his 
hands. "Let me go; I must go, indeed. I do not feel at all 
comfortable here." 

This pressing down of the soft melting butter caused a griiasy 
stream to flow down the robber's face. 

"Well, if you will go by force, I shan't keep you back any 
longer. Good-night, Jacques 1 I hope you will sleep well," 
said Michel, as he opened the door. When Jacques was out- 
side, he added, "The fun you have given me is well worth a 
glass of spirits and the butter you stole from me : this time we 
are quits, neighbor; but learn to be an honest man in future. 

Seiected, 



EC T S 



T O I?. "X" O IF 

O HI TJ K. O H. 

{Continued.) 



THE 



ON Friday, the lltli of September, the mob steadily but cau- 
tiously advanced towards the city, taking gi'eat care to 
select the places of marching, as they were afraid of secret 
mines. Their cannon loaded with grape and canister were 
fired at the companies of volunteers who were endeavoring to 
check their advance. They fired three rounds at Ksquire Wells' 
house, whare his family was at the time. One of the shot tore 
up some brick at his well; another struck near his barn, and the 
third passed over his house, just missing a young man who was 
sitting there watching their movements. William Gheen and 
his paity, who had charge of a cannon, succeeded in checking 
their advance somewhat, and though the mob made several 
attempts to outflank tho volunteers they were unsuccessful. 
The missiles which were fired from Captain Gheen' s cannon, as 
well as the others, consisted principally of oli irons and bar 
lead, cut and put into small sacks. At one or two points the 
mob forces were repulsed and driven back. Several families, 
some of whose members were sick, living in the oast part of 
the city of Nauvoo, had to vacate their premises hastily, for the 
mob cannon balls passed their doors and struck in their lots. 
They fled and left everything in their houses. In the evening, 
after the firing had ceased, they returned with teams to their 
dwellings, and removed their clothes, etc.; but their furniture 
was mostly left. 

On Saturday, the 12th, a flag of truce was brought into the 
city with the following communication : 
" To the Commander of the Mormon forces in Nauvoo; 

' ' Sir — Tho forces under my command, assembled as a posse 
comitatus, now encamped within half a mile of your city, are 
determined to enter the same by force unless a surrender be 
immediately made. 

"From motives of humanity I am prompted to give you an 
opportunity to save the destruction of life and property. 

" You can surrender on the following terms : 

"1st — Deliver up your arms to our charge, to be returned as 
soon as your people shall have left the State. 

' ' 2d — The army under my command to enter the city without 
molestation — for the purpose of making arrests, the men having 
pledged themselves to me individually and severally, not to des- 
troy life or property unless under my command; and 1 pledge 
myself to you that, if you surrender, no property shall be 
destroyed or life taken, unless absolutely necessary in self 
defence. 

" If you see proper to surrender you can signify the same by 
nine o'clock this morning, if not, the consequences be upon your 
ovm head. 

"Tnos. S. Brockjian, 
Commander-in-chief of posse assembled by 
John Carlin, Hancock Co., Ills." 

To which the following reply was made and sent back in 
about two hours : 

"Head Quarters, Ills. Vol. Camp, 

Nauvoo, Sept. 12th, 9} a.m. 
"To T. S. Brockman, 

Com. of Forces near this place : 

"Sir — Your communication of the 12th inst., sent in my 
camp this moment under flag of truce, is before me; and after 
due deliberation I reply; inasmuch as there is no commander 
here of Mormon forces, I take the liberty to answer your 
letter. 

"lam commissioned by the Governor and Commander-in- 
chief of the Illinois Militia to disperse your forces in the name 
of the people of Illinois. 

" Your proposition, directed to the Commander of tho Mor- 



r^ 



h^t 



J"TJ^E3^ILE IISTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



■^m 



195 



f 



rnoDS, can not be complied with. While I deprecate the shed- 
ding of blood, even in upholding the laws of our State, I am 
determined to carry out the instructions of the Executive of the 
State of Illinois. So far I have acted on the defensive, and for 
the sake of humanity, if for no other purpose, I hope you will 
at once see the propriety and justice of dispersing your forces. 
The armed force under your command is not necessary for any 
lawful purpose in this city or county. 

"There are a number of higlJy respectable gentlemen in this 
city from obroad, who are desirous that there should be no 
bloodshed. Among them, I would name the Hon. John Woods, 
Mayor of the city of Quiucy, and J. P. Eddy, Esq., merchant 
of St. Louis, Mo. They will be the bearers of this communi- 
cation. 

"Any proposition which you may be pleased to make, tend- 
ing to avoid the taking of life, will be considered. 
" I am, Sir, very respectfully, 
Your obt. St. 

Benjajiin Clifford, Jr. 
Major Com. Ills. Militia." 

The citizens of Nauvoo had remained during the night at the 
points most likely to be attacked, and had occupied the time in 
erecting breastworks. Major CliflFord occupied Beach's tavern 
as his head quarters; and Colonel Johnson, who commanded in 
the field, being sick, the command in the field devolved upon 
Lieut.-Col. Wm. E. Cutler, with Daniel H. Wells as his aid. 
After the mob received C'liiford's reply, they commenced the 
attack with a good deal of vigor, and cannonading and firing on 
both sides was very brisk. Captain Anderson of the Spartan 
Band, who had displayed great bravery throughout the entire 
fight, was shot in the breast by a musket ball. He lived fifteen 
minutes, and his last words were those of encouragement to his 
men. Ho exclaimed as he was hit, "I am wounded; take my 
gun and shoot on." His son Augustus L. Anderson was 
struck by a cannon ball, which hit him in the side and broke his 
arm. He lived only a few moments. He was aged fourteen 
years, and was the first person shot while fighting, as he pre- 
viously remarked he would do, for his mother. The command 
of the Spartan band, after the death of Captain Anderson, 
devolved upon Captains Alexander McEae and Almon L. 
Fullmer. Hiram Kimball was slightly wounded on the head 
by a splinter. David Norris was killed by a cannon ball, which 
passed through his shoulder, Benjameu Whitehead was shot in 
the leg, and John C. Canjbell in the foot. Curtis E. Bolton 
was also hit by a bullet, which, however, did not penetrate the 
flesh. Some of the mob were killed and wounded and they 
were compelled to retreat. The Warsaw Signal, a bitter 
mobocratic sheet, said that their reason for retreating was their 
cannon balls were exhausted, and their commander deemed it 
imprudent to risk any further advance without these, and 
ordered the men to be drawn off; but, if their cannon balls had 
held out ten minutes longer, they believed they would have 
taken the city. They stated that they had about five hundred 
men and four pieces of artillery engaged in the action; and they 
thought there was not on record an instance of a longer con- 
tinued militia fight than occurred on that day. The Sigiml 
gave the ''Mormons" the credit of having stood their ground 
manfully. Considering how few there were to defend Nauvoo, 
and the character of the artillery which they had manufactured, 
the defence was very remarkable. The success which attended 
the eflbrts of the citizens to repulse the enemy was due to their 
bravery aud the energy and zeal of their commanders, as well 
as to the fear which the mob had of the "Mormons." It has 
always been the case, in every difficulty in which the Latter- 
day Saints have been involved from the commencement until 
the present, tl'.at a fear of them has rested upon their enemies. 
Though few in nunjber, the Lord has made them terrible in 
the eyes of those who have sought their overthrow. 
(2o he Continued.) 






CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON rOU SUNDAY, DECEMliEB IStH, 1ST3. 

Q. — How did Leln and company live in the wilderness ? 

A. — By killius; game. 

Q.— Witli what did ttjcy kill wild animals ? 

A. — With their bows aud arrows, slings and stones. 

Q. — How did they cook this meat ? 

A. — They did not cook it; they ate it raw. 

Q. — Why did they not bnild tires and cook it 'i 

A. — Because the Lord did not suffer tlicm to make much fire. 

li. — What did the Lord say to them respecting this '! 

A. — I will that thy food shall become sweet, that ye cooli it not; 
and I will also lie your light in the wUdemess. 

Q. — Was this style of living made healthy to them ? 

A.— Tes; while they lived upon raw meat, the women were stroua; 
like the men, and had plenty of millv for their children. 

(J. — How long did they travel in the w"ilderne.ss ': 

A. — Ei^ht years. 

Q. — Did any of the company die in the wilderness 'i 

A. — Yes; Isluuacl. 

Q. — What was the name of the place where he was buried '/ 

A. — Nahom. 

Q. — What effect did his death have on his family V 

A. — They mourned exceedingly and murmured agaiust Lchi aud 
Ncphi. 

Q.— Was this all ? 

A. — Thej' also desired to return to Jernsaleui, aud Laman proposed 
to Lemuel and the sous of Ishmacl to lull his father Lehi and brother 
Nephi. 

(J. — What arguments did he use to get them to murder Nephi '? 

A. — He said Nephi wanted- to be their ruler and teaclier, to be, in 
fact, their king. 

(1. — What more did he say ? 

A. — He stated tliat Nephi had s.aid the Lord liad talked with him 
and that angels had ministered uuto him. 

LESSON FOK SUNDAY, DKCEMBEU 33d, 1ST2. 

Q, — Did Laman appear to believe tliis ? 
A. — No; he said that Nephi had hed unto them. 

Q .-Vifhat else did he say Nephi did ? 

A. — That he worked many things lyhis cuiniiui; arts to deceive 
tlieir eyes. 

Q. — ^Was this true aljout Nephi? 

A. — No; he was a righteous man and a tiue propliet of God. 

Q. — Did not Laman know that Nephi had been ministered unto liy 
an angel? 

A.— Yes; he had seen one himself. 

Q. — At -what lime ? 

A. — When they went up to Jerusalem to get the plates from Lat>an. 

Q. What was the cause of the apiioaranee of tite .angel on that 

occasion ? 

A.— Laniau and Lenmcl were licatiug Ncphi and .Sam. 

Q.— Did the angel reprove them for douig so ? 

A.— Ycs; and told them that Nephi was chosen to be ruler over 
them. 

Q. Who then was it that told a he— Nephi iu sayin;; that angels 

had ministered unto liim, or Lamau iu denying it? 

A.— Laman. 

Q. What land did Lehi and company reach after traveliug east- 
ward for some distance? 

A.— A land they called Bountiful. 

Q._\Viiy did they give it this name? 

A._Beeause there was much fruit and wild honey there. 

Q._What did they behold when they reached Bountiful ? 

A.— They beheld the sea. 

Q._What did they call it? 

A.— irrcautum. 

Q._Wbut docs Irrcautum nu-au ? 

A. — Many waters. 

tj._What do wc call those waters? 

A.— The Indian Ocean. 

(7'o be Con'inucd ) 




^" 196 



*^|^ 



CTTJ^EIsriXjE XJST&TJE^TTCirnOIR. 



>£ 



^ 



"^t |Eu>&$ttil0 itt^lcarlou* 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1872. 




FEW numbers back the editorial, you 
■wUl remember, was about the revolution- 
ary power of " Mormonism," and the 
great change it has already made among 
those who Ijelieve and obey it, in uniting 
them in religion and politics. Something 
was also said about the still greater 
changes it had to make in the social sys- 
tems of the world before its mission is fin- 
ished. That is not what we mean, either, for 
i mission never will be finished. We all know, 
has been already said, that in religion and 
ilitics, the condition of the ''Mormon" people 
very different to that of the people in any other 
rt of Christendom, for in these respects they 
3 very united. But in social life this difference 
tween the condition of the Saints and the world is 
near so great. What are called social matters 
in or include everything belonging to education, 
dress, manners, the comforts or discomforts of home, 
daily toil, and in fact everything that may be said to 
belong to man's temporal welfare. In these things you are all 
aware that the people called Latter-day Saints are not one. 
Some of them are well off, live in good houses, have very many 
of the comforts and luxuries of life and are not forced to work 
hard every day of their lives. But there are many who are not 
well off, who live in poor houses, and have to work hard each 
day as it comes in order to obtain what they need to sustain 
them. Some of you children, for whom this is written, live in 
homes that are very comfortable; you can attend school every 
day, and learn the various branches which make up a good 
education. You learn music, perhaps have a master to teach 
you to play the organ, piano, or other instrument; and in fact 
you enjoy nearly every blessing that is needful to make you 
good, useful and honorable members of society. Then there 
are others of you who do not have these blessings. Your 
])arents are poor, and you have to go to work while you are 
still very youo^. Your chances for education are very small; 
you can not learn any of the arts and accomplishments, such as 
music, languages and so on; in fact you are surrounded with 
povcrtj', and your chances for a useful, honorable and comfort- 
able future, when you become men and women, are not near so 
good as the class we mentioned first. 

This is just the condition of the people in the world, as well 
as of the Latter-day Saints; and in these respects there is but 
little difference between Saints and sinners. It is no doubt 
true that, taking tlie same number of people in any other 
country, there would be more among the Saints able to live 
with something like comfort, and fewer of them suffering from 
want, or other cau.ses; but this, as was said in the former 
article on this subject, is due more to the fact of them living in 
a new country, where labor is needed and is pretty well paid 
for, than to any power which the gospel has exerted. 

In one branch of social life "3Iormoiiism" has already 
lirought about a great change, and that is because of the very 
high value it sets on the chastity and purity of women. In 
every so-called Christian community in the world except in 



Utah, the chastity and virtue of women are not thought so much 
about, and for this reason Christendom abounds with poor 
creatures who lead lives of shame and disgrace, and who early 
fall into unhonored and unwept graves. We see nothing of 
this among the Latter-day Saints, and this is due to the power 
of the gospel. This is a great reform, or improvement; but 
others equally as striking, not yet started, will be brought about 
among the Saints as the power of the gospel of Christ has more 
influence on their hearts. 

In ancient times we read that, among the people of God, 
there was what was called the Order of Enoch. It existed 
among the inhabitants who anciently composed the Church of 
Christ on this continent — the western hemisphere, as well as 
among the same class of people on the eastern hemisphere. 
Under this order, we are told in the Book of Mormon, that the 
jieople had all things in common; there were no rich and there 
were no poor among them. In those blessed times, according 
to this statement, you would not see one family enjoying every 
comfort, riding in carriages, well clothed, well educated and 
well fed, and doing little or no labor, wliile some of their neigh- 
bors were in poverty and ignorance, and had to toil hard every 
day. A sight of this kind could not be seen, for the gospel had 
made such advances amongst them, that God's people were 
equal in earthly as well as in heavenly things. Now, among 
the Latter-day Saints, all are equal in heavenly things, or may 
be so : there is nothing to hinder. The knowledge of the gifts, 
graces and sanctifying power of the gospel does not depend 
upon how much or how little of this world's goods a man or 
woman may possess; but it is not so with education and refine- 
ment — these things are not within the reach of the poor, for 
they can not be enjoyed without wealth. But the gospel of 
Jesus Christ is the same in every age, and its effects are always 
the same when it is permitted to have full sway over those who 
obey it. It wOl bring about as great changes and results among 
the Latter-day Saints as soon as they will let it do so, as among 
any people who ever received it. Just try and picture to your- 
selves, if you can, the great change that will be brought about 
when the Order of Enoch will be established. The Saints will 
then be brothers and sisters — members of one family, indeed 
and in truth. All will labor, all will have the comforts of life, 
and participate in the benefits of education alike. The Saints 
say and believe that God is the Father of us all, and we all hope, 
at some time, to regain His presence. When the great day 
arrives, in which the Order of Enoch shall be carried out by the 
Saints, they will be making great strides on the return track; 
but their progress until then will not be very rapid. 

At the late conference President Young dropped some hints 
that this Order might be introduced among the Saints at some 
early day. Come when it may, it will, if honored, be the 
dawning of Zion's return to the earth; for it will banish poverty 
and ignorance from among those who receive it, and it wiU make 
of them one great family, in which the love and power of God 
will be sujireme. This is the revolution that the gospel is des- 
tined to bring about among the Saints some time or other in 
their history, and it will be the mightiest that has been seen 
on the earth for very many centuries. 

Children, it is very likely that all of you who are faithful, if 
you live to be men and women, will help to restore this 
ancient and glorious Order to the earth, and to establish it 
among men. Blessed will be all who receive it and abide by its 
precepts. 



^i 



Had Adam commenced c^^uuting on the very day he was 
created, and counted rajiidly every day, for twelve hours a day, 
to the present time, he would not have counted a trillion. And 
yet a trillion can easily be represented by a line of figures two 
inches in length. 




ar-cr^E:N-iiL.Ei ii>rsTie/TJOTOie/. 



197 



B TJ I?y C3- O IT HSr E ' S STJI?.- 

I?. E nsr ID E K. . 



rpHE beautiful little picture accompanyiDg tliis article repre- 
X sents a locality wliicli will always be memorable ia American 
history — for it is the scene of Burgoyue's surrender. You 
have all heard of the War of ladependence, fought between 
the American colonists and the forces oi the British govern- 
ment. It was the most memorable struggle for human freedom 
that history records, for, we may almost say that, on one side 
there was but a mere handful of men, untaught in the art of 
war, whOe on the other there was all the jiower the British 
government could place in the field. And fought under such 
odds, the triumphant termination of the War of Independence 
gave to it a grandeur that will never fade. 

The causes which led to the War of ladependence could not 
be told in a short article like this, and they can be best learned 
in a history of the United States. But it will be well here, to 
give a very short sketch of the settlement of this country by 
Europeans, and a few of the chief reasons which led to the 
great struggle for American independence. 

You all kaow, perhaps, that America was discovered by 
Columbus near the close of the fifteenth century; you also, most 
likely, know that in the colonization or settlement of America, 




the English people took the lead. Many of them left their 
native land because they were not allowed to worship God as they 
pleased, being forced to endure fine and imprisonment if they 
tried to do so. On reaching the new world they soon formed 
thriving colonies, and being English subjects when at home, 
the English rulers claimed them as such iu their new homes, 
and for this reason the government in England appointed gov- 
ernors over the colonies founded in America by their former 
subjects, and also claimed and exercised the right to tax them 
to some extent. This style of doing things was not what the 
colonists wanted : they would have rather had men of their own 
choice for governors, but they were weak, and forced to submit. 
Some of these governors were very meau men, and when they 
reached this country, instead of trying to rule the people justly, 
they seemed rather to try and oppress them by wringing their 
means from them, either to make themselve.s rich, or t<3 send 
back to their royal master in En.L'land. In reading the history 
of those times one can hardly help noticing how much alike, in 
some respects, have been the condition and comjtlaints of the 
settlers of this Territory at various times since their arrival 
here, and the condition and complaints of the early colonists of 
America. 

The wrongs inflicted upon their American subjects by the 
system of misrule which Britain carried out iu colonial times, 



soon caused discontent, and though in the hearts of the colonists 
there was a deep and abiding love for the old country, they 
quickly showed by words and acts that stronger than any other 
feeling within them, was their purpose to preserve the freedom 
and liberty they had founded in their new home and country. 

They protested against the wrongs they were forced to 
endure by the officers of the crown, and time after time sent 
petitions and delegations to England with the hope of having 
the evils of which they complained removed; but, at length, 
finding all their complaints in vain, they resolved to fight, and 
at Lexington and Bunker Hill the fathers and pioneers of 
American freedom crossed swords with the hireling redcoats of 
England. 

General Burgoyne was a noted soldier in the British army, 
having gained honor and some fame while serving in Portugal. 
In 1775 he was appointed to a command ia America. Next 
year he went back to England, and while there saw the king, 
George the Third, and had a long talk with him and some of his 
ministers about the troubles in America. The war in this 
country had then fairly begun between the colonists and the 
mother country, and for a year or two there did not seem to be 
much chance of success for the former. In 1777 General 
Burgoyne was sent back to America by the home government 
to take command 'of an army, which was to start from Canada. 
This army numbered nine or ten thousand men, and was made 
up of Indians, English and Germans. 

About the middle of June, 1777, General Burgoyne and the 
army under his command began their march from Canada to 
the United States. Burgoyne' s plan was to begin the war by 
capturing Ticonderoga, a strong post then held by General 
St. Clair and three thousand of the colonist forces. Master 
of Ticonderoga he would proceed to Albany, and thence 
to New York, to join General CUnton. 

The American general had failed to fortify Mount Defianc;;, 
a hill near by which commanded the fort of Ticonderoga, and 
the British general seeing that the mastery of the latter depend- 
ed upon the possession of Mount Defiance, at once seized upon 
that point. General St. Clair aware, when too late, of the mis- 
take he had made, sent away his stores to Skeenesborough, and 
he and his troops, at the dead of the night, left Ticonderoga to 
Burgoyne. Their retreat would not have been known to the 
British until the next morning, had it not been for the accident 
of a building taking fire, by the light of which it became known. 
Early the following morning General Burgoyne sent a body of 
troops after St. Clair and his men. The pursuers overtook 
them, and a sharp fight followed, in which a thousand of the 
colonists were killed, wounded and taken prisoners. The bag- 
gage and stores which had been sent to Skeenesborough were 
also captured by Burgoyne' s forces, and the garrison at Skeenes- 
borough fled when they heard of the success of the British. 

Burgoyne began now to be in want of supplies for his men, 
for though victory had been with him in every move so far, yet 
the 'colonist troops did everything to block his way. They 
spoiled bridges, and cut down trees, and piled them together in 
difficult parts of the route the British general and his forces 
were taking, making the transportation of provision diffi- 
cult. At last, in great need of provisions and other 
necessaries. General Burgoyne sent five hundred men under 
Colonel Bauni to seize supplies which the colonists had stored 
at Bennington, and which were in change of Colonel Stark and 
a corps of New Hampshire militia. As soon as Stark learned 
of the ajiproacli of Baum, he prepared for a fight, and sent 
word to Soth Warner and his Green Mountain boys to come 
and help liim. When Baum got within six milesof Bennington 
he placed his troops in a strong position, and ho also sent for 
more men; but the fight did not take plac* till next day, and 
then Stark and his miUtia began it. When the colonists came 
in sight of the British, their commander said to them, pointing 
to the foe, "Thcro they are, we must beat them, my boys, or 



iSrz:z:jr 



^iss> 






5^^^^ 



'^l 



198 



J-TJ^E]IsriIL.E IlSrSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



MoUy Stark (meaning liis wife) -will be a -wido-w to-night.'' 
After two hours hard fighting Baum was killed and his forces 
beaten. Just as Stark and his men were thinking their work 
was done, more British troops appeared, and, luckily for the 
Americans, Warner and his Green Jlountain boys came in sight 
at the same time, and both sides renewed the fight. Victory 
was again with the Americans, the British losing a thousand 
stand of arms and six hundred men. 

This was the turning point in General Burgoyne's career, for 
from that time on difficulty and disaster followed him, until his 
surrender. 

He crossed the Hudson and camped at Saratoga, New York 
State, on the 14th of September, 1777. A force of Americans, 
under Gates and iVrnold, numbering several thousand, were on 
Bemus Hights, not far distant from Saratoga. Five days later 
— on the morning of the 19th — at the town of Stillwater, 
skirmishing began and tliis soon ripened into a furious battle, 
wliich lasted till dark at night, both sides claiming the victory. 
The British loss was, however, greater than the American. 
During the night the British general withdrew his men and 
placed them in a better position, and on the morning of the 
20th they were drawn up ready for battle. General Gates see- 
ing the British so well posted would not risk a second battle, 
but he endeavored so to place his men as to surround the 
British, for the purpose of starving them into a surrender. The 
British general saw the trap which had been set for him, and 
endeavored to retreat, but his enemies were too watchful, and 
he failed. The American forces were continually increased by 
fresh arrivals, and the situation of the British was growing 
worse all the time. Their provisions were exhausted, and each 
day saw them more closely hemmed in by a force about double 
of their own. At last, on the 27th of October, when in an 
almost starving condition, and with nothing before them but 
death or surrender, the latter was resolved upon, and Burgoyne's 
army became the jirisoners of the colonist forces. 

The news of Burgoyne's surrender was badly received in 
England, and he was disgraced for it, and never again served 
ia the army; but his action at Saratoga was one of the notable 
events of the War of the liebellion, and the locality in which it 
took place will never lose the interest which it gained thereby. 






TN our former chapters on this subject you learned something 
J. about the origin of boxing and its practice among the 
ancients Greeks, also about the wonderful feats of the acrobats 
in the middle ages in Europe; wrestling in England, throwing 
the hammer in Scotland; and aljout the Albanian Scandcrberg, 
and the Englishman Toi)hani, both very famous for their bodily 
strength. A great deal may be written on the wonders of 
bodily strength and skill, for they include, not only boxing, 
wrestling and throwing the hammer, but also running, leaping, 
rope dancing, skating, swimming, diving, slinging, feats of 
skill with the bow and arrow, javelin or spear, and in fact every 
game or exercise already invented and practiced in ancient or 
laodem times, and any that may be hereafter. All athletic 
sports now known have been, at various times, favorites with 
almost all nations, and as we )wss along we shall give you 
occasional .sketches of tlio most noted jirofessors mentioned in 
history, for young folks like such reading, and if in the pages 
of the "JtrvENiLE" you can be furnished with an occasional 
page of "light" reading matter that is true, it will be much 
better than the same kind purely fictitious, or unfrue. 

An amusing anecdote is related of Joseph I, Emperor of 
(jermany and King of the Bomans, whs was roused from sleep 
one night in his bedroom by a voice, which, in tones of sadness 



Atf^ 



and warning, said, "Joseph, King of the Romans, I am a spirit 
that endures the pains of purgatory, and am sent by God to warn 
you to turn aside from the abyss into which your intimacy with 
the Elector of Saxony is about to hurl you. Benounce his friend- 
ship, or prepare yourself for eternal damnation." The astonished 
King made no reply to this strange message, when the personage 
who delivered it, clanking chains together, told him that he would 
return in three days to learn whether his warning would be 
taken, assuring the King as he left that if it was not, his own 
ruin and that of the Elector was certain. 

The next day the King told the Elector about the strange 
warning he had received, but that gentleman, not the least 
alarmed, begged the King to keep silent about the matter, and 
asked that he might sleep in the King's chamber on the night 
of the ghost's return. The King promised this, and three 
nights after his ghostship again came to the King, making his 
presence known by crying out, "Joseph, Joseph, King of the 
Romans 1" The Elector was ready, and being a very strong man, 
grabbed the ghost and, telling him to return to purgatory again, 
threw him out of the window into the palace yard. In the fall 
the pretended ghost had his thigh broken and it was then 
found out that he was a monk who, having some cause for dis- 
like to the Elector of Saxony, tried this means of making King 
Joseph his enemy. 

The great strength of body possessed by the Elector of 
Saxony, was also enjoyed by one of his sons — Maurice, Count 
of Saxony. It is told of him that once, among a party of friends, 
bottles of wine could not be opened for want of a corkscrew. 
The Count, however, quickly removed the difficulty, for finding 
a large nail he, with his fingers only, twisted it into the shape 
of the implement wanting, so that it answered the purpose. 
Living in London once Count Slaurice had some trouble with 
one of the men who go about there with carts removing the 
dust, mud and other dirt from the streets. The dustman, like 
most Englishmen when angry, raised his fists, meaning to fight. 
The Count allowed him to come within arm's reach, and then 
caught hold of him and tossed him into the air like a ball, the 
poor dustman falling among the dirt and rubbish in his own 
cart. This same athlete could break the strongest horseshoes 
with his fingers, just as if they had been glass. The only per- 
son he ever met who was anything like a match for him in 
strength of arm was a French actress, named Mademoiselle 
Gauthiijr. She and Count Maurice once had a contest, to see 
which of the two could put down the other's wrist. The Count 
was the victor, but he said that Miss Gauthicr had held out 
against him longer than any one of all who had ever tried with 
him. This lady's strength of hand and arm was wonderful, so 
great indeed, that like Topham, the Englishman, she could 
roll up a piece of silver plate with her fingers about as easily as 
ordinary peoi)le could a piec« of tin. 

In Brazil, one of the South American Republics, the people, 
on one particular day in each year, indulge in the amusement of 
squirting water on each other. All take part in it, neither age, 
sex, or rank being respected, the whole being done good- 
naturedl.v. Passers along the streets are liable to be well 
soused by people in their houses, and unless doors are locked to 
prevent them, the former can enter dwellings and return the 
comi)liment. The late Emperor, Dom Pedro I, was very 
partial to this fun, and an incident connected with it is told of 
him, showing him to have been a wonderfully strong man. 
Sailing in a pleasure boat, on what we, for the want of a better 
name, will call "drenching day," with two of his courtiers, ho, 
full of mischief, determined to give them a ducking, and seizing 
them by the back of the neck, one with each hand, he held 
them up for a few moments, put them over the side of the boat 
under the water, and then lifted them in again. The Emperor 
enjoyed the sport very much, and caused those who witnessed it 
to almost burst with laughter, but it is not to bo supposed that 
his unfortunate courtiers found it at all enjoj'able. 



:w 



tu^.e>' 



a-Tj"VE!nsrii_.E i3^sti?.tjctoi^. 



'9 



199 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 






I^' J^ S T E 



IT is not intended to say anything about the vsefitl, flour and 
■water paste, witli which we are all familiar, but to draw 
attention to a worthless kind of ''paste" that costs money — an 
artificial jewel known by that name "in the trade," that is by 
those who manufacture and deal in the article before it reaches 
the public. In the stores where cheap jewellery is vended may 
be seen "gems" that are equal in beauty to the costly "brilh- 
ants" (diamonds); these are called ''French diamonds" — they 
are " paste." Others are full of " fire," by this is meant rays 
of rosy brilliance that dart from the surface, they are "opals" — 
paste. The sapphire, topaz, amethyst, emerald and every 
other jewel is represented — in paste. For settings, gold — on 
the surface only, if there is any gold at all; the massive jewel- 
lery, as chains, bracelets, rings, brooches, etc., may be an 
alloy of "oroide"— copper and aluminum; for "pearls" — but 
they are only called "veuefiaii" pearls — glass! "Any of these 
things for a dollar" — so cheap ! "Paste" — gilt copper — glass 
beads; only a dollar, for that which is intrinsically worth five 
cents 1 

White sand — there is plenty of the kind found at Ogden — 
well washed white sand, oxide of lead or some other metallic 
oxide with soda and borax, when fused properly, is paste — 
glass. The "California" diamond has the merit of being (when 
real) crystal, it is frequently pure sUica and is then often very 
beautiful, but the "French diamond" with all its beauty of 
appearance, its flashes of prismatic light and gleams of twinkl- 
ing brilliance is a «/(«?», made to deceive, and to enrich the 
dealer. 

Now it is well to know something about these tinsel toys, so 
much the object of human desire on account of tlieii- resem- 
blance to the real in gems and gold, for, however valuable the 
true mqy be in jewellery, the false is valueless. It is valueless 
because it does not long deceive the looker-on, because it is only 
gold on the surface and is soon worn off, and the "paste" is soft, 
which a real stone is not, and by the ordinary attrition it is sub- 
ject to, it loses its surface and brilliance. 

It would be curious to really know how much is expended 
annually in a city, like this for instance, in ''paste;" say ten 
stores supported by vending artificial jewellery; it is only neces- 
sary to took at the tarnished earrings, brooches and bracelets one 
sees in passing along to know those who patronize these stores. 
The clumsy looking silver rings that have the appearance of 
having been made by the blacksmith are not sold by the dealer 
in "bogus" jewellery, for they are real-^ it is "enamels, mosaics, 
charms" and false jewels that are sold cheap — " only a dollar." 

The artist in paste lives in large cities; at one time I'aris was 
famous for jewelleries in paste. "Parisian" jewellery was a 
term used to designate the false in gems. The greatest care is 
taken in selecting the finest quality of materials for the fabrica- 
tion of crysoberyls, crysopals and other mock jewels which by 
their name convey the idea that thej' aresoi/ie /cind of beryls 
or opals. By making ffhu<s in various colors, viz., paste; by the 
aid of the lapidary and worker in metals the most beautiful 
impostures were made; it may be so now although men may 
be found in every large city to pander to the taste of those 
who wiU pay them for shams. 

What are those beautiful corals worn by the fair ones? They 
cannot be real, " they only cost a dollar;" they are resin and 
Vermillion. Those beautiful pearls arc glass beads filled with 
fish scales to color them and white wax to give them solidity; 
many are hollow, designedly, they are very pretty and not intend- 



ed to deceive. The handsome garnet ornaments that "cost only 
a dollar" are "paste" dyed with the "purple of Cassius," a pre- 
paration of gold and tin. Cobalt and this purple, in "paste," 
make the amethyst; the s»me "paste" with the oxide of cop- 
per, the "gem" sparkles with green and rescmUes the emerald 1 
The ingenious methods of making this paste are mysteries 
acquired by long practice in imitating the works of nature. 
The mock jewel maker is a master in his line. Not only the 
best sand must be used but that of the whitest kind, it must be 
closed of every impurity by the purest hydrocloric acid, it must 
then be washed in the fairest water, time and again, and, if 
need be, calcined and washed again. The chemicals must also 
be of the purest kind, calcined, also, until free from every im- 
purity; this is true also of the treatment of the metallic oxides 
used for fluxing, until, at last, by careful melting and cooling a 
glass is obtained as limpid as water — a "paste" — this is the 
foundation of false diamonds and other gems. 

Beth. 






" /^H dear, it always does rain when I want to go anywhere!" 

\j cried little Jennie Moore. " It's too bad; now I got to 
stay in-doors all day, and I know I shall have a wretched day." 

"Perhap so," said Uncle Jack, "but you need not have a 
bad day unless you choose." 

" How can I help it? I wanted to go to the park and hear 
the band, and take Fido and play on the grass, and have a good 
time, and pull wild flowers and eat sandwiches under the trees; 
and now there ain't going to be any sunshine at all, and I'll 
have just to stand here and see it rain, and see the water run 
off the duck's back all day." 

"Well, let's make a little sunshine," said Uncle Jack. 

"Make sunshine!" said Jennie, "why how you do talk!" 
and she smiled through her tears. You haven't got a sunshine 
factory, have you?" 

"Well, I'm going to start one right off, if you'll be my part- 
ner," replied Uncle Jack. "Now let me give you these rules 
for making sunshine : First, don't think of what might have 
been if the day had been better; second, see how many plea- 
sant things there are left to enjoy; and lastly, do all you can 
to make other people happy." 

"Well, I'll try the last thing first," and she went to work to 
amuse her little brother who was crying. By the time she had 
him riding in a chair and laughing, she was laugh'"' g lOO. 

"Well, said Uncle Jack, ''J sec you are a good sunshine- 
maker, for vou'vo Pot nl^oi"-!. aii you or Willie can hold just now. 
But let's try what we can do with the second rule. 

" But I haven't anything to enjoy, 'cause all my dolls are old, 
and my picture-books all torn, and — " 

" Hold," said Uncle Jack, "here's an old newspaper. Now, 
let's get some Ain out of it." 

" Fun out of a newspaper, why how you talk !" 

But Uncle Jack showed her how to make a mask by cutting 
holes in the paper, and how to cut a whole family of paper dolls, 
and how to make pretty things for Willie out of the paper. 
Then he got out the tea tray and showed her how to roll a mar- 
ble round it. 

And so she found many a pleasant amusement, and when 
bed-time came she kissed Uncle Jack and said ; 

"Goodnight, dear Uncle Jack." 

"Good night, little sunshine-maker," said Uncle Jack. 

And she dreamed that night that Uncle Jack had built a 
great house, and put a sign over the door which read : 
SUNSHINE FACTORY. 

TTNCI-E JACK AND LITTLE JENNfE. 



1 



^s. 



soo 



'TPT 



0" TJ ^ E isr I Xj E in^sTie^TJOToie/ 






She made Uocle Jack laugh when she told him her dream; 
but she never forgot what you must remember : "A cheerful 
heart makes its own sunshine.'' Selected . 






CATKCITISM 



FOR S I" X U A Y 
{Contimied.) 



SCHOOLS, 



LESSON FOR SUNDAY, DECEMBEv loTU, 1S72. 

tSiibjcct—TRE Deluge. 

Q.— WTiy did God repent that He had made man ? 
A.— Because they were wicked, and their thoughts were evil eon- 
tinually. 

Q. — What did the Lord resolve to do'' 

A. — He said ITe would destroy man whom lie had created from the 
face of the earth, and every livinjr thins^ ': 

Q. — Who found grace in His sight ? 

A. — Xoah. 

Q. — How many sons had Xoah ? 

A.— Three. 

Q. — What were their names ? 

A. — Shorn, TTam and Japheth. 

Q.— What did the Lord Instruct Noah to do ? 

A. — To haild an ark of gopher wood. 

Q. — How many stories were to Ik: in the ark ? 

A.— Three. 

Q. — What was the Lord ahout to bring upon the earth V 

A. — A flood of waters. 

Q. — \\Tiom did the Lord say Ho would establish niscuvcnani with? 

A. — Noah. 

Q. — Who were to be saved with Noah? 

A. — His three sons and their wives, and two of every living thing, 
male and female. 

(2.— Were they to take food to sustain them ? 

A. — Yes; they were to take of all food tliat was eaten ? 

Q. — Did Noah do as he was commanded ? 

A. — Yes; according to all that the Lord commanded lliat diil lie. 

Q. — Wliy did the Lord choose Noah? 

A. — Because he was righteous before Ilim. 

Q. — How old was Noah when tlic Hood of waters was upon the 
earth? 

A. — Six hundred j-cars. 

1.1. — After the ark was built, how lone was it iK-forc tin' llund was 
sent? 

A. — Seven days. 

IJ. — lios- i'l the flood come? 

A. — By rain. 

li— How long did it rain ? 

A. — Forty days and nlL'hts. 

y. — How deep was the water ? 

A.— Fifteen cubits upward, and the niouubiins were covered. 

Q. — Who remained alive? 

A. Noah only and they that were with liim in the ark. 

y. — iiow long did the waters prevail upon tUe earth ? 

A.— <Jnc hundred and lifty days. 

Q.— iJid God BUfTcr Noah to Ix; destroyed? 

A. No; He rcmcmljcrcd him and caused the flood to he stayed. 

L88SOS roa bvsbat, decembku 22n't>, ISTS. 

Q. — After the waters were aljatcd, upon what mountains did the 
ark rest ? 

A. — Mountains of Ararat. 

Q._Aftcr how many days did Noah open the window of the ark :- 

A. — Forty days. 

(J.— What bird did Noah then send forth ? 

A. — .\ raven. 

ij. — Did the raven return ? 

A.— No; It went to and fro until the waters were dried up. 

ti.— What bird did Noah next send forth? 

A. — A doTC. 

Q.— Did the doye rctnm V 



A. — Tes; it could not find rest for its feet and it returned. 

Q. — How did the dove get into the ark ? 

A. — Noah put forth his hand and pulled her m. 

Q. — How long was it liefore he sent the dove forlli again ? 

A.' — Seven days. 

CJ. — When did the dove return ': 

A. — In the evening. 

Q. — Wliat was in her month ? 

A. — An olive leaf pluelvcd oti'. 

tj. — Did lie send tlie dove aaain ? 

A. — Ycs; after another seven days. 

Q. — Did the dove return ? 

A. — No; it returned not again, 

Q. — What did God then say unto Noah ? 

A.' — To go forth from the ark, with liis faniilj' and every living 
thing. 

Q. — What were they to do? 

A. — To be fruitful and mnltipl}' upon the earth. 

IJ.— What did Noah then build ? 

A. — An altar unto the Lord. 

Q. — Wiat spcrilice did Noah then make on the altar ? 

A. — Burnt olt'erings of every clean beast and every clean fowl. 

tj.— What did the Lord then say ? 

A. — He would not curse the ground any more for man's sake. 

Q. — What did the Lord promise should .not cease while the earth 
remauied ? 

A. — "Seed time and harvest, eold and heat, summer and winter 
and day and niglit." 

Q. — What tolvcn did the Lord give that He would not bring tha 
flood any more on the earth ? 

A. — He would set a bow in the clouds. 

Q. — Wliat did the Lord say He would rcmcmlx:r when He beheld 
the bow in the cloud ? 

A. — The Everlasting Covenant which He had established between 
Him and every living creature upon the earth. 

(i. — How long did Noah live after the flood ? 

A. — Three hundred and fifty years. 

Q. — How old was Noah when he died ? 

A. — Nine hundred and lifty years. 

{'Jo be Contimied.) 



B^BY :FI3^a-EK.S. 



If we knew the baby fingers 

I'resBcd against tlic window panes, 
Would lie eold and still to-morrow — 

Never trouble us again — 
Would the bright eyes of our darling 

(ateh tlic frown upon our lirow ? 
Would the print of rosy fingers 

Vex us then as they do now ? 

Ah I those little ice-cold fingers, 

How they point our memories back 
To the hasty words and actions 

Strewn along our tiaelvward track! 
How these little hands remind us. 

As in snowy grace they lie. 
Not to scatter thorns — but roses — 

For our reaping by and by. 



Seteclcd. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 2:5 is SAINT FRANCISCO. 
Correct solutions have been rccclTCd from Charlotte Shelley and 
Horace Ciiinmlnirs. 



Cr"U""V"E2SriIl,El uststi^tjotoi^ 

Ib pulj'ishod in >Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON. EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum , $2 60. 

I»- Grain broufjlit to this City for the JtjVKSiLE Instructor will be 
iccciTcd at the office of our paper— Desebkt News Buildisos. 



*^<1« 



