
S W .A. 3L L O "W - T .A. X L El ID BUTTERFLY, 



THE month of 
May is far 
advanced, and 
the beautiful 
Springtime 'will 
soon give way to 
Summer. Hew 
joyous all Na- 
ture seems when 
Spring returns. 
All her 'works, 
as if to show 
their delight at 
escaping from 
the deathlike 
embrace of 
Winter, put on 
their most beau- 
tiful apparel. 
The trees send 
forth their foli- 
age of green. 
The flowers hail 
Spring's return 
with their won- 
derful combina- 
tion and har- 
mony of colors. 
The lambs play, 
the birds till the 
air with their 
wealth of song, 
the crickets 
chirp for very 
gladness, the 
bees hum as 
they fly from 
flower to flower 
sipping the 
sweets, distilled 
in their rosy 
and goldcn-hued 
cups, and the 
butterflies, oh, 
the butterflies, 
how beautiful 
they are 1 Who 





can help ad- 
miring them, 
and where is 
there a child 
that does not 
love to chase 
and capture 
themV Children 
never like spi- 
ders or snakes, 
but they always 
like birds and 
butterflies. It 
is easy to tell the 
reason of this 
— the two form- 
er are ugly and 
repulsive, and 
their presence 
inspires most 
people, young or 
old, with feel- 
ings of dislike; 
the latter are 
beautiful, and 
their appear- 
ance makes 
them friends. 
This is especi- 
ally so with but- 
terflies. Look 
at their wings, 
painted as only 
Nature can 
paint, with that 
wonderful rich- 
ness of coloring 
and desigu. No 
person who has 
the least love 
for the beaut il'ul 
can help aduiir- 
iug them. 

The accom- 
panying engrav- 
ing is a repre- 
sentation of a 





82 



j"cr "V e zsr i l e instructor. 




very handsome butterfly ofteu seen in Spring and Summer in ' 
Great Britain aud some of the countries of Southern Europe. 
It is called the Swallow-tailed Butterfly, the name being given 
because of the fancied resemblance bet.veen the tail-like 
projections which you see on each of its wings, and the tail of 
the swallow. Along with the butterfly are a couple of cater- 
pillars, and the latter are about as ugly as the former are pretty. 
Yet without the one you would never see the other. The 
history of the butterflies is as curious as they themselves are 
beautiful. They are very short lived, aud are seldom seen 
except on bright sunshiny days. TheD, like a vain man or 
woman, they seem to delight to spread themselves and show 
their elegant clothing or plumage. But you have all seen 
them, and know how they look as well as we can tell you here. 
You may not all know, howevjr, that all caterpillars, no matter 
how numerous they may be, nor how ugly and repulsive, if 
allowed to live, will be transformed iuto butterflies or moths. 
These latter beautiful insects live only a few days or weeks at 
most, aud then they lay their eggs and die, just as the silkworm 
does. Each kind of moth or butterfly chooses a place for 
depositing its eggs in which nature tells it they will be most 
likely to be hatched and which will afford the kind of food the 
young will need when hatched. Some on the leaves of trees, 
others on or in the bark, others again in boles in the ground, 
and so on. There they lie through the Winter, and if not 
destroyed the heat of the sun in Spring hatches them. But 
iustead of being moths or butterflies, like their parent, they are 
caterpillars, just as you see iu the picture. The caterpillars 
there represented are like those hatched from tho eggs of the 
swallow-tailed butterflies. Each female butterfly lays a large 
number of eggs— from two to five hundred, and as there are a 
thousand varieties of butterflies in the eastern States, you can 
readily understand why caterpillars are so numerous in the 
Spring. They are as destructive as they are numerous, and if 
millions of them were not eateu by the birds, and killed iu 
other ways, they would completely strip the gardens and fields 
ol the fruit, grain and vegetables. As it is, with so many 
eaten, they sometimes do very great damage. They are very 
numerous this Spring in some of the orchards of Salt Lake 
City, and here aud there a fruit tree bears the marks of their 
ravages. 

As soon as the young caterpillars are hatched they eat raven- 
ously, aud -row very fast. Some of them get their full growth 
iu a few days, others in a few weeks, but they undergo several 
changes from birth until they are full grown, something like the 
silkworm. When full grown they are prepared for and enter 
into the chrysalis (pronounced kris-a-lis) state, that is their 
final change, before they become moths or butterflies. While 
this is going on they cease eating, and hang themselves to the 
leaf of a tree or iu some other suitable place, according as 
instinct guides them, and there they remain until they become 
bntterflief. This with some kinds is in thrcj or four days, 
with others as many week or mouths, and one species, it is 
said, require three years. When this change is made they 
flutter around for a short pjriod— butterflies in the sunshine 
and daylight, motha in the night— then they lay their eggs and 
die. 

What a curious history is the butteifly'sl Born an ugly, 
repulsive-looking creature that everybody despises, it passes 
tlir..n_'h several changes, the last one closely resembling death, 
for the skin of the caterpillar is its grave, and the butterfly 
i furth therefrom. In some respects, this is not unlike 
man's career from birth to immortality. He is born helpless 
and feeble, passes through the various stages or changes of 
infancy, childhood, youth, manhood aud old age, and finally 
enters the tomb— which may be likened to the chrysalis state of 
the caterpillar— and after the tomb immortality, and then 
those who have filled the measure of their creation as faithfully 
as the butterfly and moth are made the possessors of endless 




glory and everything necessary to fill to the brim their cup of 
joy and felicity. 



H T S 



T O IR, Y O IF 1 
O IK TJ IR, O IHI . 

(Continued.) 



THE 



DURING the Wiuter of 1845 and 1847 the work of God in 
Great Britain progressed. The Elders were zealous and 
energetic iu proclaiming the gospel, aud the additions to the 
Church by baptism were numerous, but the proselytes were 
generally from the poorer classes and the poverty occasioned 
among them by lack of employment and consequent lack of 
means was very great. Under these circumstances it was 
easier to find persons willing to embrace the gospel, than to 
find means to emigrate them. In hopes of finding relief 
through the aid of the government, a memorial, gotten up by 
Elders Orson Hyde, Orson Pratt and John Taylor, then labor- 
ing iu those parts, aud signed by nearly thirteen thousand 
persons, was presented to Queen Victoria, praying for aid iu 
the emigration of her subjects to Vancouver's Island, or 
Oregon, suggesting the plan of giving grants of land and other 
aid to those who should thus emigrate, and showing that by 
this means much of the distress then existing in Great Britain 
could be relieved; besides, the territories mentioned belonging 
to Great Britain would thus be strengthened in power and 
their resources developed. It was further proposed that if the 
petition was granted the memorialists would guarantee to 
furnish twenty thousand people of all trades, and from most 
districts in Scotland, England and Wales to go at once, or as 
soon as vessels could be found to take them. 

Copies of this memorial were sent to every member of 
Parliament, and other distinguished individuals, that the matter 
might be brought plainly to their notice. Lord John Russell, 
Prime Minister, wrote in return in acknowledgement of the 
receipt of the memorial, aud Dr. John Bowriug, Member of 
Parliament, answered expressing his views as being favorable 
to the scheme proposed, but admitted that he did not consider 
it practicable, in view of the heavy demands then being made 
upon the Government treasury. But uo action was taker. 

Notwithstanding the extreme poverty of the Saints iu those 
parts, however, a general good feeling prevailed aud earnest 
prayers were offered up by them for the Lord to hasten t'-.e 
time when they might be permitted to emigrate to America and 
join their brethren and sisters in journeying to the mountaius, 
searching out new homes or sharing with them whatever trials 
they might be called to pass through. The persecutions the 
Saints had endured, the loss they had sustained in having their 
prophet and patriarch martyred and tho fact of their being 
expelled from their homes and forced to face a trackless desert 
aud seek homes iu the sealuded interior of the continent far 
away from every vestige of civilization, did not daunt the 
honest in heart even in Europe; but on the contrary rather 
stimulated them to exertion to raise the necessary means to 
emigrate, as has been stated. In this case was illustrated the 
truth of the saying "The blood of tho martyrs is the see 1 
of the Church." Though the Elders iu Great Britain met 
with some local opposition to the promulgation of their princi- 
ples, there was certainly a degree of toleration to be found 
there not met with at home in the boasted free republic of 
America. To this fact probably was due in great part the 
success the Elders had in preaching there in those early days, 
and it is a fact that though the memorial to the Queen alluded 
to was not granted, to Her Majesty and those in power in that 
dominion is due great credit for permitting the spread of the 
gospel in that land, when they might have interposed their 
influence and power and prevented it. 

Clo be continued.) 




-J&& 




JUVENILE UsTSTE/TJOTOR. 



83 




QUBSTIOITS .A-ZLnTB ^ZLnT- 

S"wbb,s oisr tub book: 
ob :m:ob,:m:o:n\ 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XXV. 

Q. — How did King Benjamin establish peace in the land ? 

A. — By laboring with the prophets with all the nji;ht he had. 

Q. — What was the result of these labors ? 

.A — He had continual peace the remainder of his da3's. 

Q. — How many sons did he have ? 

A. — Three— Mosiah, Helorum and Helaman. 

Q. — Did he take pains in teaching them ? 

A.- Yes, they were taught so that they became men of understand- 
ing. 

Q. — What were his views concerning the records ? 

A. — That without them the people would dwindle in unbelief. 

Q. — What did he do before his death ? 

A. — He conferred the kingdom upon his son Mosiah. 

Q. — What commandment did he give to Mosiah before doing so? 

A. — That he should make a proclamation and gather all the people 
together. 

y. — AVhat more did he do ? 

A. — He gave Mosiah charge concerning all the affairs of the king- 
dom. 

Q. — Did he give him any other charge ? 

A. — Yes; concerning the Records, the Sword of La ban and the 
Liahona, or compass. 

y.— Did the people gather together ? 

A.— Yes. 

y. — Were they numerous ? 

A. — So much so that they did not number them. 

Q. — What did they do when they came together? 

A. — They offered sacrifices and burnt offerings, according to the law 
of Moses. 

Q. — How did they camp ? 

A.— They pitched their tents around the Temple, with the doors 
towards the Temple. 

y. — Why did thoy do this ? 

A. — That they might hear the words of King Benjamin. 

LESSON XXVI. 

y. — Was not the Temple large enough " 

A. — No; they could not all get within the walls. 

y. — How did King Benjamin address them 2 

A. — From the tower which he had erected. 

y. — Could they then all hear his words? 

A. — No, the multitude was too great 

y. — How, then, did they know what he said ? 

A. — He wrote his words and sent them to those who could not hear 
him. 

Q. — What effect did King Benjamin's words have upon the multi- 
tude? 

A.— They fell to the earth. 

Q.— Why did they fall to the earth ? 

A. — Because the fear of the Lord came upon them. 

Q. — Of whom did he speak to them ? 

A. — Of Jesus Christ. 

Q.— By what means did King Benjamin know about Je6us 
Christ 1 

A An angel administered unto him. 

y. — How long was this before the birth of JesU6 ? 

A. — One hundred and twenty-live years. 

y. — n ow long was this after Lehi left Jerusalem ? 

A. — Four hundred and seventy-six years. 

y.— Could men obtain the remission of sins before the birth of 

Jesus ? 
A.— Yes, by believing in Dim and keeping Hie commandment, 

y.— Did the Nephitcs believe the words of King Benjamin ? 
A. — Yes; and they were willing to enter into covenant with God. 
y.— What did King Benjamin say they should be called because 
Of this covenant? 
A. — The children of Christ. 

( To he continued. ) 




QUESTIOHS -A.3STB .A.3ST- 
SWBBS OUST THE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 
(Continued.) 



Subject — Histokv of Joseph. 

LESSON XXV. 

y. — How did Jacob act ? 

A. — He refused to be comforted, and said he should go down to 
the grave unto his 6on mourning. 

y. — Whom was Joseph sold to by the Midianites ? 

A. — Unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's. 

Q.— What office did he hold ? 

A. — Captain of the guard. 

y.— What did Joseph's master notice concerning him ? 

A. — That the Lord was with him, and made all that he did to 
prosper. 

y.— When Potiphar discovered this what did he do? 

A. — He made Joseph overseer over his house, and all that he had. 

y. — Did the Lord continue to bless Joseph? 

A. — Yes, he blessed the Egyptian's houte for Joseph'6 6akc. 

y. — What kind of a looking man was Joseph? 

A — He was a goodly person and well favored. 

y. — Whom did Joseph offend ? 

A. — His master's wife. 

y. — What did Joseph's master do to him ? 

A. — He put him where the king's prisoners were bound. 

y. — Did the Lord forsake Joseph ? 

A.— No; He showed him mercy and gave him favor in the sight 
of the keeper of the prison. 

y. — What did the keeper of the prison entrust to Joseph ? 

A. — The charge of all the prisoners. 

y. — Was the keeper of the prison satisfied with Joseph? 

A. — Yes; because the Lord was with him in all which he did. 

y.— After these things, who offended Pharaoh, the Kiug of Egypt? 

A. — His chief butler and chief bakei ? 

y. — What did he do with them ? 

A. — He put them in the prison where Joseph was bound. 

y. — What did the captaiu of the guard do with them ? 

A. — He gave them into Joseph's charge and he served them. 

LESSON XXVI. 

y. — What occurred to both the butler and the baker iu one night? 

A. — They each dreamed a dream. 

y. — When Joseph saw them in the morning, how did they look ? 

A. — They were sad. 

y. — What caused them to feel sad ? 

A. — Because they could not interpret their dreams. 

y. — What did Joseph say unto them ? 

A. — "Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them I pray 
you." 

y. — After they had told their dreams to Joseph, what interpretation 
did he give ? 

A.— That in three days Pharaoh would restore the butler and han" 
the baker. 

y. — What came lo pa6s on the third day ? 

A.— Pharaoh's birthday, when he made a feast unto all his servants 
and fulfilled Joseph's interpretation. 

y. — Did the chief butler answer the request of Joseph and remem- 
ber him to the king? 

A. — No, he did not remember Joseph, but forgot him. 

y. — How long after this did Pharaoh dream ? 

A. — At the end of two full years. 

y. — How many times did he dream ? 

A. — Twice. 

y. — How did Pharaoh feel in the morning? 

A. — His spirit waB troubled, 

y.— Whom did he call? 

A. — All the magicians and wise men of Egypt. 

y. — Could they interpret the king's dreams? 

A. — Not any of them. 

y.— What then did the chief butler do ? 

A. — Ho remembered Joseph and told Pharaoh concerning him r 
( To lie continued, ) 





34: 



0" TT ^ IE 3ST I !_■ IE INSTETJCTOB. 




C$t Safosttile ittsfettcfotu 



^S) 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUBDAY, MAY 24, 1873. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




HE subject in our last number was botucly 

AJ 1J / but useful, and eoncerucd the young peo- 

V *"{_ [RW?J pie of both sexes throughout the Territory. 

The subject for our present column is from 

.v^vjfci? IS31J/) the same sermon — one preached by Presi- 

^Slv?^wi W?^y dent Young at the (ieneral lonforeuce iu 

April, and published in the Deseret Weekly 

News of April 30th — and specially concerns 

our readers of the feminiue gender. It is 

worthy the attention of the class for whose 

benefit it was intended. It is upon the necessity 

of girls learning trades, and the callings which 

they are calculated to follow and succeed in. 

Learning that, in youth, which will enable one 
to procure a respectable and comfortable liviug 
in mature years, is something which should have more 
N than ordiuary interest for boys and girls everywhere. 
In Utah there are perhaps stronger and additional 
reasons than exist elsewhere why this should be so. 
You all know that very rich men arc not numerous among the 
people of Utah; you are also aware that, owing to the peculiar 
character of the domestic institutions of the Saints, large 
families are the rule among them, and a good many fathers 
whose worldly possessions are not large have numerous moutlis 
to feed and backs to clothe. Every good father desires to and 
will do all in his power to have his family comfortable so far as 
food and clothing are concerned. But the responsibility in this 
respect should not rest entirely with father and mother — the 
children, as soon as they are abl<j to do so, ought to share it, 
they ought to learn to be useful, and to turn their hands and 
their brains to some account in helping to provide for their own 
wants In thousands of families in the East, and in the older 
countries across the Atlantic ocean, the children — both boys aud 
girls — are scut to work by the time they are eight or nine years 
of age. The working people, as a general thing, iu European 
countries, are so poor that they are obliged to put their 
children to work when very young, that each member may, 
at the earliest possible period, help the whole family to 
live. 

This is a system we do not expect, and hope never, to see 
amongst the gathered Saints; for when childhood is spent in 
li nl toil, without the hem-tits ,,f education, play and plenty of 
good food the results are very bad, and they are never wholly 
overcome. But there can be no doubt in the world that the 
usefulness or BhiftleSSneSS which a person exhibits in mature 
years is the result to a very great extent of the natuie of the 
training received in childhood; and while we should regret to 
sec a time come when our piople would be forced to send their 
children, when only eight or nine years of age, to labor in 
factories or other places from six or seven o'clock in the 
morning until the same hour at night, we think it is the duty 

of boys and girls by the time they reach the age of ton or 
twelve years to begin to do something useful, something by 
which in time they will be able to support themselvi s in 
respectability and comfort. No boy or _nl, who is sufficently 
sound in mind and body, should be allowed to grow up without 
learning that which will enable him or her to do this. To be 



sure the sphere of the female sex is not near so extended as 
that of the males. But this is according to their natural calling 
and ordination, for the woman is not so hardy and robust as 
the man. 

Every boy and girl will, it is reasonable to expect, in time, 
become the father and mother of a family. Upon the former 
falls the bulk of the labor of supplying the necessaries and 
comforts of life for that family. Home aud indoors is the 
mother's sphere, looking after the children and superintending 
domestic affairs. Hence you can understand why women do 
not, and from the very nature of things, can not, take such an 
active part in the busy, bustling affairs of life as men. 

But until that period of life arrives when the interesting 
cares and duties above referred to commence, every girl— we 
say girl because we are now addressiug them especially — should 
endeavor to do all she can to sustain and make herself useful; 
and every truly sensible girl will do so, for this makes her 
independent, euabliug her to supply her own wants aud necessi- 
ties without being a burden to anybody. 

In the remarks of President Young, to which we have 
referred, he suggests and strongly advises that the girls learn 
telegraphing, book-keeping, book-binding, type-setting, etc., 
and that they supply the places now occupied by men in 
stores, etc. In any of these callings the expert, whether male 
or female, can earn a good living; aud not one of them is of 
such a character that girls could uot fully master it, and so far 
as strength of body and mental qualifications are concerned 
they are abundantly competent to master any of them. 

If the girls of Utah, under the guidance of the Relief 
Societies, were generally to take the advice herein indicated 
there might perhaps be some complaining on the part of the 
men. But if injury were done to any of the latter it would be 
very brief indeed, for there are numerous ways in which they 
could profitably expend their energies and strength without any 
fear of female competition. A good deal is said now-a-days 
about woman's rights, and nobody would pretend to question 
that womau has as much right to life and all its joys aud 
pleasures as man has; but it is her duty to prepare herself to 
sustain a reasonable share of its cares aud responsibilities. 
To labor is honorable in all, the slothful always deserve scorn. 
The counsel given at Conference we cordially recotumeud to 
the attention of the rising generation of girls in the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saint*. All who are earnest in 
adoptiug it will be prepared to meet emergencies and to act 
their part with a degree of honor and credit which otherwise 
would be impossible. 



:>«- in; 



-MI-R,. ISrO-ZBOZD-JEIEJ. 



I know a funny little man, 

Ah quiet us a mouse, 
That (Joes the mischief that is done 

In everybody's house; 
There's no one ever saw his face, 

And yet we all agree 
That every plate we break was cracked 

By Mr. No~bod-ee* 

'Tie he who always tears our hooks, 

Who leaves our doors ajar; 
He pulls the tuitions from our shirts, 

And scatters pins afar. 
That squeaking doorwll] always squeak; 

For, prithee, don't you see, 
We leave the oiling to lie done 

By Mr. No-lxjd-ec, 

The liuger-marks upon tho doors 

liy none of lis arc made; 
We never leave the lilinds unclosed, 

To let the curtains fade. 
The Ink we never BpUl; the boots 

That lying round you see, 
Are not our lioots. They all belong 

To Mr. No-hodcc. 



\4 



SeU </<,/, ft 




J TJ "V E3 IN" I L E INSTBUCTOR. 



85 




TITUS A ITsT ID HIS FAMILY 



/ 7W// r// /f'fi^WWWME 

j'flf 

Wm 




AN Y huodred years ago, there lived in a distant part of 
the vast Roman Empire, a good and noble man, named 
Titus. Some years before his birth, the light of the blessed 
gospel of Jesus Christ had dawned upon that benighted land; 
pious men had preached the good tidings of salvation, and 
thousands had given ear to their words and been baptized. 

Titus, who had received his name in holy baptism, was a 
Christian, and together with his family found his greatest 
happiness through faith iu God and Jesus Christ. But the 
heathen priests, who feared to lose their power and wealth, 
sought to persuade the rulers of the country to root out the 
Christian religion. A cruel decree^ therefore, went forth from 
the king, to execute all who would not renounce their faith iu 
Christ. 

Titus was one of the first on whom the king turned his 
attentiou. He thought, If I succeed in making this man. 
whom the Christians hold 
iu such respect, forsake f 
Christianity, all the other 
Christians will soon follow 
his example. So he sent 
for Titus to his palace, and 
used all his eloquence in 
trying to make him turn 
away from the faith in 
Christ. When all his flat- 
teries and promises were 
in vain, the king threatened 
to have him tortured to 
death in the most fearful 
manner. But Titus re- 
mained firm. "T am rea- 
dy," he said, "to shed my 
blood and sacrifice my life, 
for thee, oh my king; but 
I am still more ready and 
willing to die fur my Master 
and my Savior. Death to 
us Christians is the en- 
trance to eternal life." 

The king exclaimed, 
" Very well, as you do not 
fear death, I will find more 
effectual means to compel 
you to give up your new 
religion," and he motioned 
him to depart. 

Titus had three children. 
Simon, the eldest son, was 
just sixteen years old; 
Martina, the daughter, was 
fourteen; and Matthias, the youngest boy, had not yet attained 
his ninth year. Tilus and his like-minded wife had taken 
pains to teach these children the Christian religion. 

On the following day, while parents and children were 
engaged in their family worship, one of the king's captains 
entered tNe room and said to Titus, " I have an order to take 
away thy youngest son; if he will not renounce his faith, this 
very hour he shall be burned alive in the court-yard of the 
palace." 

The father was terrified; the mother turned pale as death. 
They grieved not so much because their noble boy was to 
perish in the flames, but rather because they feared that at the 
sight of the fire he would be frightened and deny his faith. 

Then the boy exclaimed, "Oh, mother, do not weep ! I do 
not fear death. For Jesus Christ our Lord I will cheerfully 
yielJ up my life." 




The captain said : " Cruel father ! Unmerciful mother ! Do 
what the king wishes and your boy is saved. You are your- 
selves giving him up to death." 

The father and mother replied, " Do you not thiuk it is hard 
for us to be separated from the dear child?" But to the bey 
they said, "Go, beloved son?" God be with thee; the short 
pain will bring to thee eternal joy." 

Morning dawn found father and mother and their two 
remaining children in tears, after a sleepless night. It was nut 
long before the captain again entered the room. " I am come," 
he said to the parents, "to take away your daughter, and if she 
does not give up being a Christian, she is to be thrown to wild 
beasts." But she answered in the same faithful spirit as her 
young brother, and went cheerfully to meet her fate. 

On the morning of the third day the captain again appeared. 
" I am here," he said, "to demand your remaii iug son. He is 

to be crucified unless he 

illllfflllHiillliHilllliViiMiiiiiii'i^fi'l'inlli'JIIIlilllllllllllllllllllt!*!,.! changes." 

The heroic youth said, 
"What a joy it is fur me 
that I am accounted worthy 
to die by the same death 
as my Redeemer suffered ! 
I shall endeavor to follow 
His blessed example, till 
with Him I can say — 'It 
is finished.' " 

"My beloved son," said 
his father, "God will 
strengthen thee, that thou 
mayest endure even to the 
end." 

With clasped hands the 
son looked silently up to 
heaven, quickly embraced 
his father and mother, and 
with a firm step walked out 
of the house, the captain 
following him. 

Titus and his wife watch- 
ed through the night in 
prayer, comforted and en- 
couraged each other; and 
as the morning dawned 
they expected death every 
hour. At last the captain 
came. 

"Noble lady," he said to 
Maria, "I come to call thee 
to the king. Thou, like 
thy husband, hast not had 
compassion upon thy children; now, I entreat thee, have com- 
passion upon thyself. Truly do I grieve that thy head should 
fall beneath the axe, for this is the manner of death appointed 
to thee." 

Maria took her vail to put it on her, and said, "Dearest 
husband, now as I depart from you, and go away to die, I will 
not say farewell to you. I feel, as I go into that other world, 
only as if I was going across the street into another house; 
indeed, only as if I was going into tin- nezl room, whither you 
will soon follow me! Death separates us here only fur a little 
while; but it unites us and our children there above with 
Christ, with the holy Apostles, and with all good pcopk— for- 
ever! Why should we sorrow at this'.''' 
She hastened out of the room — the captain accompanied her. 
Before an hour had passed, the captain returned, and said; 
"Titus, the king summons thee before him." 





86 



J-TT^TIEIN-IILIE INSTRUOTOB. 





The oaptaia led Titus into the royal chamber. The king 
stood near a table upon which splendid garments of silk and 
purple, silver vessels, golden vases, jewels, and pearls, were 
laid out. Titus made obeisance to the king, but cast upon all 
these treasures only a glance of contempt. 

The king said: "Such things arc, 1 know, nothing to thee. 
All thy childreu have scorned them. But come with me, I will 
show thee better treasures." 

Titus replied : " Po not give yourself useless trouble, king! 
lead me rather to the stake, and to those blood-besprinkled 
places where my wife and my childreu have suffered. I wish 
nothing more of this world. All tho most glorious things which 
thou canst show me in this world. I esteem as nothing." 

The king said: "Come and see." He opeucd a door, and 
told him to go in. 

Titus entered a splendid hall, but instantly he was transfixed 
with astonishment. For what did he there behold? His wife 
was sitting, surrounded by her three children, cheerful and 
happy. His heart beat violently — he could scarcely breathe — 
he dared not speak. At last he approached them with open 
arms and cried: "What do I see? Thou still livest, my 
beloved wife! aud thou, my daughter, they have not thrown 
thee to the wild beasts! and you, my beloved sons, they have 
not slain ! It is as if I saw you risen from the dead." 

They hastened up to him. His wife embraced him, her 
tears of joy fell on his face; his children kissed his hands and 
clasped his kuee3. All were happy beyond the power of words 
to tell. 

" O how great will be the bliss of meeting agaiu in heaven!" 
said the father. 

Mother and children replied ; " It seems to us as if we were 
already in heaven." 

The king was pleased at this touching spectacle, and tears 
stood in his eyes. 

Titu-', recovering himself from his excess of joy, said to the 
king: "But tell me, king ! why thou hast threatened us so 
severely, and promised such a cruel death to my children, and 
now shown thyself so gracious aud merciful to us." 

The king answered; "I perceive it is now my duty to give 
you the reasons for my conduct. I was not myself opposed to 
the Christian religion; the Christians were my favorite sub- 
jects; but the severe decrees of the Roman Emperor required 
me, alas ! to root out this religion from my dominious. I 
reflected upon how I could accomplish this decree with as little 

hi l-ahedding as possible. With you. whom the Christians 

regarded as the best man of their community, I wished to make 
the first attempt. Your example, if you should obey, was to 
more them to do likewise; but in case you refused, your 
execution was to terrify them. You rejected my proposals. I 
then thought through your children to force you to deny your 
faith rather than give your children up to death. 

" \\ hat happened t/> your wife and your children in my 
palace you as yet know not. 1 will tell you, and you will 
rejoice at it. 

"' I had, as you know, first fcuinuioned your youngest son to 
inc. Tli" captain was to tell you what should happen to the 
child. This worthy old aoldiei told uie what the hoy's parents 
had said, and how fearless your boo had proved himself when 
he was led away. I flatb red the brave boy, stroked his cheeks 
and golden hair, and .showed him everything which is pleasing 
to children, which I promised to give him. But with serious 
look he shook his head. I led him to the fire, and I was 
astonished to see thai the child was ready to rush into it. I 
was grieved, however, for the brave little Matthias, and so I 
ordered that he should be taken into a room in my palace, and 
there guarded. 

' the captain again I" yon, and ordered him to allow 
Voii to sii|i|h,s- i|,,t your Son had li'-eii burned. I commanded 

him to summon your daughter, and to tell her what kind of 



death awaited her. The captain brought her, and told me all 
that passed between her and her parents. I offered her the 
beautiful jewels in which maidens of her age take delight. I 
showed her the fierce tigers, who looked with flashing eyes out 
of an iron grating, and thirsted for her blood. I had the tender 
maiden placed in the centre of the o, urt-yard; the soldiers 
removed to a distance. I aud many of my people looked out 
of the windows of my palace; but there she stood, cheerful aud 
calm, as your histories describe the angels of God, and awaited, 
without fear, the time when the grating should be withdrawn. 
But how could I have it in my heart to suffer such a brave aud 
gentle maiden to be devoured by wild beasts? I could not 
do it. 

" Your eldest son, too, was as undaunted as she, and as your 
youngest son had been. Although ho might rather be called a 
boy than a youth, he spoke to me as gravely aud wisely as a 
man. I ordered him to be led to the place of execution. The 
cross of wooden beams, the hammer and nails, lay at his feet, 
but he showed no fear. He did not wait for the officers of 
justice to bind him on the cross; he laid himself down on it, 
with outstretched arms, and said to them ; ' Do as you are 
commanded; as my Redeemer died, so will I die, too. 

"Truly," said the king, "a heavenly power rules in your 
childreu, against which all the powers of earth can do nothing. 
I confessed myself vanquished. I myself led the youth to his 
brother and sister. Your wife proved herself the worthy 
mother of such children. I gave the children to her, and now 
I give them to you. I return to you both mother and chil- 
dren." 

The kiug embraced Titus, and said, " A religion which pro- 
duces such fruits, forms such good men, kuits such tender 
bands between parents and children, gives such courage in 
death, and such a firm hope of an eterual life after death, must 
be from heaven. In you, your wife, aud your children, I have 
learned to know what is great and glorious in the religion of 
Christ. Verily the Christian religion is the best, the most 
gracious gift of heaven ! 

" And now " he continued, "let us be friends; I am firmly 
determined to become myself a Christian. Yes, 1 wish from 
henceforth to belong to your Christian Church. I know full 
well, and foresee that the persecutions of the Christians in our 
country will not cease. I know that, if nothing worse happens 
to me I shall have to lay down my crown. But what are 
earthly crowns iu comparison with that crown to which even 
the humblest and poorest man on earth, who believes, hopes 
and loves as j'ou do, can attaiu? Oh! how far more glorious 
is that Heavculy Crown I" 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

€(*mi$ftiu of €ommon (EIjhlv 



GASES.-NO. 1 



II ATTKB in certain states is invisible, probably the heaviest 
1VL and hardest solids are capable of assuming this form; heat 
is supposed to be the cause of this condition. Of the thirteen 
elements that are metals (metalloids) four exist as gases — 
oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen and chlorine. Each of these are 
capable of combining in a variety of WAVS among themselves or 
with other elements as gases, fluids or solids. Some gases can 
be liquified and even solidified; among the contrivances for 
effecting these changes wild and pressure are the most powerful. 
Those bodies that have resisted liquefaction are oxygen, hydro- 
gen and nitrogen of the simple elements; and carbonic oxide 




-•>?"- 




J XT V IE 1ST I L IE INSTRUCTOR. 



S7 




deutoxide of nitrogen and some forms of coal gas, among com. 
pound gases, i. e., those that are formed by the union of 
different gases. 

Gases that resist all the known methods for obtaining lique- 
faction are said to be "permanent gases;" those that rcmaiu in 
the gaseous state on account of the temperature and do not 
require artificial contrivances, such as those alluded to, to pro- 
duce condensation, are called "vapors." Steam issuing from 
the spout of a kettle is invisible vapor as it makes its exit, on 
condensing, by losing heat, it becomes visible and is diffused 
through the atmosphere as vapor, although unseen. 

Extreme cold is produced by rapid evaporation. We may 
have noticed the sensatiou of cold on the application of ether or 
other volatile fluid to the skin; this is caused by the sudden 
expansion of the particles of the fluid applied, the expansion is 
caused by the abstraction of the heat of the skin, hence the 
sensation ot cold. Condensation of gases produces heat, as by 
sudden and violent pressure. Some of the tricks of conjurors 
(natural magic) are produced by sudden compression of a few 
cubic inches of air in a glass cylinder upon a prepared tinder, 
when, presto ! flames burst forth at command. 

But, when pressure is exerted upon a gas and at the same 
time it is cooled as it is compressed the effects are different, the 
gas assumes the fluid form; and, when this liquified gas passes 
back again into the gaseous state it absorbs from all surround- 
ing bodies a great amount of heat, thus producing a great 
degree of cold. The freezing of water in a hot platinum cruci- 
ble is one of the illustrative experiments of natural magic; the 
licking of a bar of red hot iron is another, in which the tongue 
is protected from contact with the red hot surface by an atmos- 
phere of rapidly geuerated vapor which produces the sensation 
of cold ! 

That heat is the cause of solids and fluids becoming gases and 
vapors, appears to be well established. The boiling point of 
water is 212 degrees, at which temperature it passes off as 
vapor; t' at of ether is 96, so that in any part of the earth 
where the temperature i3 constantly above 96 degrees, ether 
must exist as a permanent gas unless under pressure, as, for 
instance, in a stopped bottle. All gases appear to be subject 
to a law of this kind, so that if oxygen, hydrogen and other 
bodies are the vapors of liquids, a thing that is highly probable, 
then the boiling point of those liquids is at temperatures lower 
than we can yet reach by artificial means. It is thought, 
indeed, that all the visible creations have been, primarily, 
vapor; that suns and solar systems are only the results of con- 
densations of vast masses of vapor; that atmospheres are the 
unsolidified portions of matter separated from the solid aud 
liquid. By means of the spectroscope revelations are beiug 
ii ade as to the condition of spherical bodies that float in space 
as our earth does, but in a different state. Some are surrounded 
by an atmosphere of hydrogen, a most unpleasant predicament 
if an equivalent proportion of oxygen should be developed 
there in auy way, as those two gases are explosive when 
ignited 1 

We have no knowledge of the materiality of gases unless 
they are confined in close spaces, as in a gas-bag or receiver. 
Then we can compress them, measure them, weigh them, 
control them; they are elastic, expansible by heat, coutractible 
by cold. We may learn also that it is one of the properties of 
all gases to be affected equally by pressure and temperature. 
The atmosphere wc live in, although a compound of several 
gases, behaves in all its parts alike, the same quantity of heat 
expands it in an equal degree at a high and a low teinp'Tature. 

Beth, 



Kkai. foresight consists in reserving our own forces. If we 
labor with anxiety about the future, we destroy that strenght 
which will enable us to meet the future, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

BOY'S ATOY^O-E ZROTTHsTID 
THE AATOK.XjTD. 
(Continued. ) 




WHEN my eyes had been sufficiently accustomed to the 
gloom I fouud that the clerks and myself and companions 
from Philadelphia were not the only persons in the room. Some 
twelve or fifteen more boys and men (the majority boys from 
sixteen to twenty) as green-looking and as countryfied as myself 
and companions, were grouped around the room making them- 
selves at home with a vengeance— shewing, smoking and spit- 
ting; but as a general thing silent aud anxious-looking, for no 
doubt, like myself, over their thoughts had arisen a gloom 
more deep, more solemn and yet more pure than that oflice 
gloom — sad, faint forebodings of the toils and daugers 
of the next few years flitted before them mingling with the 
dread uncertainty of never returning to home and friends. So 
we sat and smoked and smoked, the long afternoon slowly pass- 
ing on, the monotony only broken for a short time by the brisk 
tradiug on the part and lo the advantage of our gentlemanly 
cleik with the gloomy deuizjns of the room. This Jionesf fellow, 
whether for himself or employers I know not, never stopped 
until he had traded aud fleeced nearly every one of us. Trad- 
ing an old blue jacket for a fine broadcloath coat with one, 
pantaloons with another, shirt flannel for shirt linen, sheath 
knives for pocket knives; everything and anything of any 
good in the shape of cutlery and clothing he seemed bound to 
have, offering in exchange some worthless articles used by 
sailors. Coming to me he went through a long palaver about 
my unshipshape appearence. Looking in my cloth cap, he said, 
" more like a barber's clerk than a jolly tar," ho actually took 
the cap from my head and in its place forced me to accept a 
common fifty cent felt hat and would, had I not resisted, 
stripped the coat from my back. How much the rascal made 
in the trading I am not able to say, but it was considerable. I 
found out afterwards from my shipmates and others that their 
first misgivings of the whaling service commenced in the New 
York office, where they had been persuaded to trade off their good 
clothing for the worthless trash made up in nautical fashion. 

About 4 o'clock, after being counted like so many sheep, we 
followed a clerk down the street for dinner. The restaurant 
was uot far from the office and near the Catherine Street 
market. Old residents of New York can imagine by the 
locality into whose hands we had fallen. I enjoyed my dinner 
poorly. 1 already began to surmise that the expedition I had 
but just entered upon was not to be so much of a pleasure trip 
as my lively imagination had pictured. 

Ilcturing to the office, where the sun could now hardly pierce 
the dirty windows much less the smoky gloom, we were 
ordered to get our bundles (those who had auy) and we would 
be conducted to the boat bound for Fall Iliver. This was joyful 
news: anythiug to leave that dismal hole. We were conveyed 
by three clerks (runners, their proper and appropriate names), 
who hovered around us counting and re counting until we arrived 
at pier No. 2, North .River, and were consigned to the forward 
deck of the steamer Empire Stair like so many cattle or bales 
of freight. 

1 forgot for a while (he sadness and gloomy feelings that had 
been creeping over me during the afternoon. The sight of the 
river with the forest of masts, down tin: bay the clouds of sails, 
the busy rush and tumble of men, the loud "ya ho" of seamen, 
the erecking spars, fluttering sail, hissing steam and ringing 
bells, shouting mates, the busy boat's crew, together with leave- 
taking passengers and wrangling cab and truckmen, revived the 
spirit of adventure in me and sent the blood dancing through 
my veins with excitement. It was not long before the last toll 
of the steamer's bell died on the evening air, cast loose from 




• K-l 



>3^~ 



w 



^ 



88 



JTJVEFILE INSTRUCTOR, 



&\ 




the pier and away we weut steaming up the East River more 
ships, sails, spars, sailors and steamers wore passed than I 
could count. Then the ships, the hoats, and finally the city 
gradually sank from sight and as the evening closed upon US 
the receding shore was lost in shadow and the night. 

We stowed ourselves away to sleep on the sacks of wool 
piled on the steamer's deck, taking but little note of our stop- 
ping at Newport, R. I., during the night. At daylight we had 
reached Fall River; here we disembarked, taking up our quar- 
ters in the railroad depot, where we remained over two hours 
before starting for the juuctiou of the Taunton and New 
Bedford Railroads. We reached this junction about 9 o'clock 
and danced around the platform until twelve o'clock, when the 
New Bedford bound train picked us up and landed us in that 
city about 2 o'clock p.m. hungry, tired aud dirty. Here we 
had the extreme good fortune, when least expected, to meet 
-Mr. H , for by that name the "runner" who had accom- 
panied us From New York introduced a rather good-looking 
gentleman who kindly welcomed us and by his countenance 
really meant it. He hurried us into an omnibus aud away we 
rattled for bis Bhipping office. When we arrived at his place 
he gathered us arotmd him, gave us some good advice about 
conducting ourselves properly during our stay in the city. He 
gave us our choice of boarding houses, mentioning particu- 
larly — Mother Brooks' and a Mr. Robinson's. As we all 
decided on Mother Brooks' — no doubt the word mother caused 
tin: decision to turn in her favor — to Mother Brooks' establish- 
ment we marched with appetites like hyenas, not only from our 
long fast, but (lightened by the good feeling aud spirit that had 
come over us after our kind aud gentlemanly reception by 

Mr. H . 

Mother ltronks kept the sign of "The Buck,'" near the 
wharf. It was a frame building not very large, and it was a 
matter of surprise to me how the mother could accommodate 
the numerous boarders who sat at her table. The manner of 
stowage, however, we soon discovered when Harry and 1 
requested to Bee our rooms, lining upstairs wo were shown 
into a room forty by twenty feet, with rows of bedding on the 
floor down each side of the room, the bedding consisted of two 
blankets and a pillow, if they bad been properly separated and 
Untwisted from the confused heaps and rolls we saw them in. 
Lying, lolling, and sitting on the heaps were scores of boys 
and men, drunk, half drunk aud sober, spitting, smoking aud 
swearing, By Bome poor contrivance of the builder there was 
Km two small windows for light aud ventilation, and both in 
the same end of the room. Although the windows were open, 
Still on this hot and sultry August evening the room came 
aboul as near to me in stench as my imagination could depict 
tii'' famous "black hole ol Calcutta." Backing out of this 
pestilence-breeding, lung-destroying crib into the yard or court 
o| the building 1 let out rather roughly and profanely to a chap 
in. or rather under, a hug.' tarpaulin bat. This man was lug- 
l buckel of water towards (be kitchen and I judged him 
I" be, like ourselves, an outward-bound whaleman, and I 

BSSUn you Mother I! s' sleeping apartments received no 

mercy at OUT bands. After giving vent to our feelings, much 
to the astonishment of the possessor of the tarpaulin we 
led t<> the street, more fully to deliberate on our future' 
proceeding, as We had swim ui the water carrier we Would 
never deep in a place like' that just shown to us, our only plan 
was to look for another burling house. While considering 
this over our tarpaulin friend appeared and requested us to 
walk i it i the parlor. Mother lirooks wished to .-peak to us. 
When we entered the small but neat room the lady, being a 
woman of business, at one,- informed us that it was not her 

i , 'ii Ihi to !e US sleep in the "long room," she- had a room 
expressly prepared lor u$ and when we wished U> retire her 
son (pointing to our friend with the tarpaulin hat) would show 
us the way. Thanking the mother we expressed a desire to be 



shown there at once as we were sleepy and tired. Tom, that 
was the name of our tarpaulin mau, procured a light aud 
piloted us straightway to a neat little front room, contaiuing a 
double bed with the whitest sheets and softest pillows. Bid- 
ding Tom good night and thanking him for his kindness, Harry 
aud I were soon in bed aud asleep, for we felt weary and strange 
and sleep was our only solace. 

I To be continued. ) 



&tltt%tb iSoeluy. 



'HIE CHILD J^lsTTD 
IRIXjI.,. 



THIIE 



CHILD. 
Beautiful rill, 
Sparkling and bright, 
Gliding 60 still 
From morn till night. 
Who taught thee to flow ? 
Who ordered thy course V 
Anil thy fount lielow, 
Who gave it its source ? 

RILL. 

'Twns God, my dear child, 
Who gave me my source-. 
He taught me to How, 
And ordered my course, 
'Neath the shade of Hie trees, 
By the side of the hill; 
'Midst the grass and the flowers, 
So gentle ami still. 

And this is the place 
For me to do good : 
At the foot of the hill, 
In the shade of the wood, 
I watpr the herbs; 
I refresh the tall trees; 
1 n u rlu re the (lowers, 
And cool every breeze. 

And if, my dear child, 
God e'er lixes your lot 
At the foot of the hill, 
< omc, come to this spot; 
Hear Hie beautiful birds 
."Sing lunong the thick bowers, 
Anil see the blithe bees 
Sipping sweets from the flowers. 

See what beauty and love, 
And what happiness, too, 

Spring up by my side, 
And your pathway pursue; 
Nor sigh to be great, 
Like the ocean or Hood, 
lint like the small rill, 
lie content to do irood. 



JU-VZEnSTILIE IITSTRTJCTOR 

Is puli' talied in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKRY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEOBCE Q CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Sinyle Co]>y, per Annum $2 00. 

t3f Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile iNBTHUCTon will 
lie received at the office of our papci — Deskket News Buildings. 




