^mm 




SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APKIL 30, 



I?.OBI3Sr HIOOID'S L^ST STIOT. 



ROBIN Hood and the "merrie" men, of Sherwood forest, 
as they were called, have been made the heroes of 
many a story, and there are few who have lived or traveled 
in Kngland, or who have read English history but what 
have heard something of the famed Koltin. In fact his 
name has been handed down from generation to genera- 
tion until it ha« become a household word in England, 
like William Wallace, the hero of Scotland, or the Swiss 
hero, Willim Tell. 

Almost every nation, wheth- 
er ancient or modern has its 
traditionary heroes, whose 
memories are cherished and 
whose exploits are sung. It is 
so with the European nations 
at the present day; and the 
same is true of America. We 
are still young as a nation, but 
every State has its hero, whose 
fame has been handed down 
from the days of the early 
colonization of the continent 
by the white race. Many of 
the deeds of gallantry and 
daring attributed to these 
characters are founded on fact; 
but nearly all are increased or 
magnified by tradition. It is 
so, beyond doubt, with the 
hero of our sketch, Robin Hood; 
but that such a character did 
exist, and that he was famous, 
and was beloved by the com- 
mon people is in allprobabilitj- 
true. 

History says that Robin Hood 
lived in the twelfth century ; 
and Sherwood Forest, Notting- 
hamshire, England, was the 
scene of his principal exploits. 
The England of those days 
was very different to the England of to-day. The people 
were far more rude and uncultivated then than now. The 
whole country was owned by the Norman lords or barons, 
and the common people or Saxons were hekl in a state of 
vassalage, a condition not much superior in many respects 
to that of slavery. The great men of those times, — the 
lords and barons, used to make war on each other, and 
would compel their people or retainers to follow them to 
the tield to fight, and they were compelled to contribute a 




large portion of their time and the produce of their labor to 
support the nobles in their extravagance and wars. The 
result of this was that the generality of the people were 
in a state of great wretchedness. 

Robin Hood, said to have been of Saxon blood, was a man 
in advance of his times. He viewed with hate the exercise 
of oppressive power by the nobles; and, though he was 
powerless to relieve the masses of his countrymen from the 

yoke of their oppressors, he 
determined not to endure them 
himself. He accordingly took 
to the life of a free-booter or 
robber, and he induced others 
to join him until he had quite 
a large band. They dug caves 
in the forest of Sherwood to 
dwell in, and lived by hunting 
the deer, which at that time 
was considered a very great 
crime, none but the King and 
the nobles being allowed by 
law to do so. Robin and his 
men also committed many 
robberies, but we never hear 
of their murdering; their 
robberies were usually com- 
mitted on rich men, and high 
dignitaries in the Roman 
Catholic Church, who were the 
special objects of their dislike; 
and the gold of which- they de- 
lirived their victims was 
generally distributed to the 
poor to relieve them of the 
distress they were compelled 
to endure., 

Robin had two particular 
friends, one named Little John, 
a fellow considerably over 
six feet high, and the other 
Friar Tuck, a priest who 
thought more of venison, the flesh of the deer, and good 
wine, than he thought of praying and preaching. iMany 
of the tricks of Robin and his crew were laughable as well 
as mischievous. It was no uncommon thing for them to 
cai^ture a rich, fat Roman Catholic bishop and his atten- 
dants, and after detaining them and compelling them to fast 
awhile, or to live on very poor diet, and depriving them 
of their money, they would pinion their hands and then 
tie them securely on their horses, with their faces to the 





GG 



Cr TJ ^ E ItT I Xj E IITSTi?.TJOTOI^, 



tails of the animals, leaving tlie latter to go where they 
would. 

Such outrage?, of course, soon raised a hue and cry 
against the outlaws of Sherwood, and various means were 
resorted to for their capture. But there were no tele- 
graphs or railways in existence then; and the common 
people were the friends of the band ; Sherwood forest was 
large, and the entrances to tlieir caves were known to 
none but themselves, and all efforts to capture them 
proved vain. 

In those times the chief weapon in use was the bow and 
arrow, and Robin and his men were wonderfully skillful 
in the use of it, many of the feats recorded of them being 
so extraordinary that perhaps none now, but the best 
marksmen among the Indians could equal them. 

Our engraving to-day represenis Robin's last shot with 
his favorite weapon; an event which took place just before 
his death, that death, it is said by some traditions, being 
brought about by treachery. Robin had been hot pressed 
by some anxious to capture him, and he took refuge in 
the house of a woman, whom he supposed to be his friend. 
The excitement he had endured brought on a fever and, 
a leech, as doctors were then often called, being procured, 
he bled Robin in the arm. 

As a reward was offered for his arrest, the woman in 
whose house he was staying, took off the bandage while 
Robin was asleep, and he lost so much blood as to cause 
his death. Just before that event, his friend Little John 
asked him where he would be buried, and Robin said the 
resting place of the arrow from his last shot should be the 
place of his burial. Other traditions say that Robin was 
pardoned by the King, but that grief over the death of 
his wife broke his heart. The precise truth in relation to 
his end cannot now be stated; but it is certain that soon 
after his death his band fell to pieces; but to-day, 
the caves in which they dwelt are pointed out to visitors 
to Sherwood. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%'^tmhh^ o! Common. ®Tiinp$» 



S T E £! Xj. 



WE have seen that wrought-iron is very pure iron, 
having only a very small proportion of carbon in it; 
steel has a larger proportion than wrought-iron, and less 
than cast, or pig-iron. From this we may understand 
that steel may be made by burning out the carbon of cast- 
iron; or, by addini/ carbon to wrought iron. Thus we see 
there are then three forms of iron: cast-iron, which is a 
super-carburet, meaning that it is over charged with car- 
bon; wrouglit-iron is the metal divested of otlier elements, 
in wliieli state it is comparatively soft; and that of steel, 
in wliicli it is a sub-carburet, being less charged with car- 
bon, in which state it is harder and more elastic. 

Many modes of making steel have been adopted, entirely 
diflerent to tliat of tiie last century. At that time it was 
done by "cementation." 15y this process carbon was 
luhbd to wrouglit iron. To effect this, bars ot iron were 
placeil in boxes, with layers of charcoal, from which air 
was excluded. Thus, the cliareoal and iron remained for 
days in a red-hot state, during which time tlie carbon ap- 
jjcars to have been absorbed by the metal. Now, by this 
process, it becomes lieavier by the absorption of carbon; 
this is curious; the carbon penetrates into every part of 
the metal, as many other solid substances would be l>y 
being stcwrrl in a fluid. Steel may be then melted and 
cast into shape; it is then marked "cast steel." 




Theie are many forms of steel, depending on tempering; 
the cutler has /u"s various modes; the machinist has his; 
the watch and clock-spring maker gives the blue color 
an'l tempers, the delicate hair spring of the "movement," 
as the mechanical i^art of the watch is called; it has a straw 
color. Tlie practiced eye knows the temper by the color, 
which depends on the degree of oxidation. There is a 
mode of hardening the surface of wrought-iron, by which 
it will have much of the hardness of steel, in which state 
it is susceptible of a higher polish than iron. This is 
called "case-hardening." It requires great experience and 
skill to do this effectively, so as not to affect the toughness 
of the iron. Great ingenuity is exercised also in econo- 
mizing steel; chisels, axes, and other cutting instruments 
are frequently tongued together and welded. The face of 
a hammer, the chops of a vise, the cutting part of an axe, 
if examined by the ob«ervant student, will enable this to 
be seen. 

We cannot examine all the forms that steel passes into 
by the skilful operative; nor of the Bessemer process of 
making that important substance. A hint as to theprin- 
ci2}/e may be given, as it will apply to many modes, either 
adopted or recommended. By a skilful arrangement of 
the furnace in whicn iron is melted, as soon as the metal 
is ready to run off it flows into a large crucible full of 
holes, through which a strong blast of air is driven. This 
burns up all the carbon of the crude iron, and keeps up 
intense heat, thus keeping the metal melted. Some of 
the iron itself is also converted into oxide, as soon as the 
carbon is burned. At this time a proper proportion of 
cast-iron is added, which restores carbon enough to 
change the whole mass into steel. In this way, in half 
an hour, several tons of metal are said to be made; it ia 
then run off into moulds for the market. 

The strength, elasticity and durability of steel are very 
great; a fine wire, the sixteenth part of an inch in diame- 
ter, will sustain five hundred pounds; a fine spring in a 
watch movement will vibrate for a century without losing 
its elastic force; well polished steel may be preserved, 
away from damp, for ages. The cause of corrosion is the 
action of oxygen on a moist surface. Rust is then formed; 
the metal then goes back again into the form of earth, 
and forms the red oxide. When red-hot iron is beaten 
In the air, as at the blacksmith's forge, it forms the black 
oxide; if, however, iron filings are kept red hot in an iron 
vessel, they gradually take a full complement of oxygen, 
forming the per oxide or red oxide. The cause of our 
blue clays becoming red by burning is due to oxidation. 

Before closing the subject of iron, the mode of manu- 
facture of that metal in India may be described, as narrat- 
ed by Dr. Meik, of this city. The forge is quite a primi- 
tive affair, merely formed of mud, a few feet high, and 
three or four feet in diameter. A hole at the bottom is for 
the exit of the metal when melted. A tube connected 
with two bellows, formed by a hollow cylinder covered 
with parchment or skin, with a small hole in the centre, 
as a valve. A long bamboo is attached to each bellows to 
give the bellows a spring. A boy stands on the bellows, 
and, by the moving of the feet, presses on the skin in such 
a manner as to force air through the nozzle of the bellows 
into the forge. By this means a double action causes a 
continued stream of air to pass into the furnace. The 
brown hematite is used as ore, in small nodules, as gen- 
erally fouiKl; the fuel is very poor, wood piled up and 
fired, without protecting it from the action of the air; 
when burned sufficiently, water is thrown over it. At 
best this can be no better tlian charred wood. And yet the 
iron they obtain, which is run out carelessly, almost like 
a slag, by being beaten repeatedly and annealed, forms a 



?^^ 



■^^^ 



^^9^ 



J- TJ'V" El 3Sr I L El ULTSTI^TJOTOI^, 



67 



good steel! Here we see that carbon is absorbed from the 
fuel, which accounts for its "excellent quality," to use the 
words of the Dr. Tliis is very interesting and instructive 
to us, as it shows that man in his primitive state may 
produce even steel in a very simple, but yet very ingeni- 
ous and eflective manner. Beth. 



THE XjI G-HIT BIQTJSE. 

From "Triumphs op Invention and Discovert."- 
PubUshed by T. Nehon it iSons, London. 



ONE day in September, when the engineer and thirty, 
one of Iiis men were on the rock, the tender broke 
from its moorings, and began to drift away from tlie rock, 
just as the tide was rising. Mr. Steven.' on, perched on an 
eminence above the rest, surveying them at their labors, 
was the first, and for a wliile, the men being all intent on 
their work, the only one, who observed what liad liappen- 
ed. He said nothing, but went to the highest point of the 
rock, and kept an anxious watch on the progress of tlie 
vessel and the rising of the sea. First the men on tlie 
lower tier of the works, then by degrees those above them, 
struck work on the approach of the water. They gathered 
up their tools and made towards the spot where the boats 
were moored, to get tlieir jackets and stockings and pre- 
pare for quitting the rock. What tlieir feelings were 
when they found only a couple of boats there, and the 
tender drifting off with the other in tow, may be con- 
ceived. All the peril of their situation must have flashed 
across their minds as they looked across the raging sea, 
and saw the distance between the tender and the rock in- 
creasing every moment, wliile all around them the water 
rose higher and liiglier. In another liour, the waves 
would be rolling twelve feet and more above the crag on 
whicli they stood, and all hope of the tender being able to 
work round to them was being quickly dissipated. Tliey 
watched the fleeting vessel and the rising tide, and their 
hearts sank within them, but not a word was uttered. 
They stood silently counting their numbers and ealcu- ] 
lating the capacity of the boats ; and then they turned 
their eyes upon tlieir trusted leader, as if their last hope 
lay in his counsel. Stevenson never forgot the appalling 
solemnity of the moment. One chance, and but a slender 
one, of escape alone occurred to him. It was that, strip- 
ping themselves of their clothes, and divesting the two 
boats, as much as possible, of everything that weighted 
and encumbered them, so many men should take their 
seats in the boats, while the others hung on by the gun- 
wales ; and that they should then work their way, as best 
they could, towards either the tender or the floating bar- 
rack. Stevenson was about to explain this to his men, 
but found that all power of speech had left him. The 
anxiety of that dreadful moment liad jiarched his throat, 
and his tongue clave to the roof of his mouth. He stooped 
to one of the little pools at his feet to moisten his fevered 
lips with the saltwater. Suddenly a shout was. raised, 
"A boat! A boat!" and througli the haze a large pilot 
boat could dimly be discerned making towards the rock. 
The pilot liad observed tlie Smcaton drifting off, and, 
guessing at once the critical position of the workmen on 
the rock, had hastened to their relief. 

Next morning when tlie bell sounded on board tlie 
barracii for the return to the rock, only eight out of the 
twenty-six workmen, beside the foreman and seamen, 
made their appearance on the deck to accompany their 
leader. Mr. Stevenson saw it would be useless to argue 
with them then. So he made no remark, and proceeded 
with the eight willing workmen to tlie rock, where they 
spent four hours at work. On returning to the barrack, 



the eighteen men who had remained on board appeared 
quite ashamed of their cowardice ; and without a word 
being said to them, were the first to take their places in 
the boats when the bell rang again in the afternoon. 

At length the barrack was completed, and the men were 
then relieved from the toil of rowing backwards and for- 
wards between the tender and the rock, as well as from 
the constant sickness which tormented them on board the 
floating barrack. They were now able to prolong their 
labors, when the tide permitted, into the night. At such 
times the rock assumed a singularly picturesque and 
romantic aspect— its surface crowded with men in all 
variety of attitudes, the two forges and numerous torches 
lighting up the scene, and throwing a lurid gleam across 
the waters, and the loud dong of the anvils mingling with 
the dashing of the breakers. 

On the ISth July, 1808, the site having been properly 
excavated, the first stone of the lighthouse was laid by the 
Duke of Argyle; and by the end of the second season 
some five or six feet of building had been erected, and 
were left to the mercy of the waves till the ensuing spring. 
The third season's operations raised tlie masonry to a 
height of thirty feet above the sea, and the fourth season 
saw the completion of the tower. On the first night in 
February of the succeeding year (1811) the lamp was lit, 
and beamed forth across the waters. 

The Bell Rock Tower is 100 feet in height, 42 feet in 
diameter at the base, and 15 feet at the top. The door is 
30 feet from the base, and the ascent is by a massive 
bronze ladder. The "light" is revolving, and presents a 
white and red light alternately, by means of shades of red 
glass arranged iu a frame. The machinery which causes 
the revolution of the lamp is also applied to the tolling of 
two large bells, in order to give warning to the mariner of 
his approach to the rock in foggy weather, thus reviving 
the traditional practice from which the rock takes its 
name. 

"Having crept upon deck about four in the morning, I 
find we are beating to windward off the Isle of Tyree, 
with the determination on the part of Mr. Stevenson that 
his constituents should visit a reef of rocks called Skerry 
Vhor, where he thought it would be essential to have a 
lighthouse. Loud remonstrances on the part of the com- 
missioners, who one and all declare they will subscribe to 
his opinion, whatever it may be, rather than continue 
this dreadful bufleting. Quiet perseverance on the part of 
Mr. Stevenson, and great kicking, bouncing, and squab- 
bling upon that of the yacht, who seems to like the idea 
of Skerry Vhor as little as the commissioners. At length, 
by dint of exertion, came in sight of this long range of 
rocks (chiefly under water), on which the tide breaks in a 
most tremendous style. There appear a few low broad 
rocks at one end of the reef which is about a mile in 
length. Tliese are never entirely under water, though 
the surf dashes over them. We took possession of it in 
the name of the commissioners, and generously bestowed 
our own great names on its crags and creeks. The rock 
was carefully measured by Mr. Stevenson. It will be a 
most desolate position for a lighthouse — the Bell Rock and 
Eddystone a joke to it, for the nearest land is the wild 
island of Tyree, at 14 miles distant." 

Such is an entry in the diary of Sir Walter Scotts' 
Yacht Tour, on the 27th August, 1814; but although the 
necessity of a lighthouse on the Skerry Vhor, or, as it is 
now generally called, Skerryvore, was fully acknowledged 
by the authorities, it was not till twenty-four years after- 
wards that the undertaking was actually commenced, 
under the superintendence of Mr. Alan Stevenson, the 
son of the eminent engineer who erected the Bell Rock 
Lighthouse. 

{To be continued.) 



m 



im 






s? 






68 



G"TJ^EIsri31.E IlsTSTI^TJOTOlR.. 






$ S>\i,^$nilt Ittsltmclop* 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUllDAY, APRIL 30, 1870. 

■biidxto:rxjl.il, tszotjo-hts. 




• XTIL we visited Denmark, Sweden and 
Xorwaj-, we had an imprcssicni tliat tlie 
home of pohteuess and good manner.s 
was in the South of Eurniie; but in 
tliose northern countries we found the 
people well-bred and polite beyond any- 
thing we saw in anj- other comitry in 
I-Auojie. Indeed, if we were to find any 
tiiult with them, it would be for can-jing 
ceremony to too great an extreme. In Nor- 
way, a country which jieople who have not 
visited it are apt to think poor and rude, we 
were delighted at meeting the little boj's and 
girls (if the families of the Saints whose houses 
we visited, they were so well-behaved, and politeness 
came so natm-al to them. ^\'hen they came in the 
house, the boys took off their hats, bowed and 
walked up and .shook hands with the strangers with 
easy grace- which surprised us. The girls also were 
ecjually well-bred. If they felt any bashfulness, they were too 
well trained to show it, and it ajipeared to come no harder for 
them to do as they did, than it would lie for some of our boys 
and girls to come into the house awkwardly, without taking oft' 
their hats or bonnets, or without .sjieakiug ^to any visitor who 
might be in. This is the custom of those countries, and the 
children are trained to observe it, and they do so without feel- 
ing that it is a trouble. 

We often think that these habits might bo taught to cliil- 
dreu in this country, with jirofit to them.selves and pleasm-e to 
their companions, teachers and ijarents. It is as easy to have 
good manners, if people were trained to them, as it is to be 
rude and boorish; and how much more jileasant it is to witness 
them! It should be the aim of the Latter-day Saints especially, 
to ob.seiTe those rides wliich will make them agreeable to their 
associates. Boys vriU grow to be men, and as men, they may 
have to go on missions and mix with the world. A man is 
frcipiently measured in the world by his behavior. If he is 
wi'll-lired, he has more influence, and .society treats hinj 
with more respect than if he is not. Even if a man never 
leaves his home, it is an advantage to him to understand and 
practice those rules, which will make his society agreeable to 
his family and friends. And then, how much good manners 
and an agreeable deportment are prized in girls and women! A 
woman who does not pos.sess them is unfortunate and is to be 
pitied. 

It is cultivation which fi-cipiently makes the difterence be- 
tween the de.-iert and the beautil'ul garden. It is also cultiva- 
ticiii which makes civilized man the sujierior of the .savage. 
Mill and wuiiien may have fine organizations and excellent 
natural endiiwiiients; but these are hidden if they are not cul- 
tivated. Children who receive cidtivation from their jiarcnts, 
or who take pains to cidtivatc thcin.selvcs, though not so much 
favored naturally as others, will excel them and be more u.seful. 
Children, put away rudeness and vulgarity. Eecollect that you 
me called to be Saints, and you can not merit that honored 
title luiless you are gentlemanly and ladylike in your manners. 




f^pHE largest army that ever was mustered, of which we have 
-L any account, was that of Xerxes, king of Persia. It is 
said that the army numbered 2,641,610 men, not including the 
people who followed the army, such as servants, women, sutlers 
and other people of that class. Add tliem to the army, and 
the number is swelled to ui)wards of 5,0tl0,0U0. The king 
raised this army to go to war against Greece. Historians say 
that among all these millions of men there was not one equal 
with Xerxes, the king, in point of beauty, either for the come- 
liness of his face or the tallness of his person. The historian 
informs us what plan they took to count these forces. They 
gathered 10,000 men in a particular place, and made them 
stand in the ranks as close together as possible; tlien they drew 
a circle around them and built a little wall upon that circle 
about half the height of a man's body. "When this was done, 
they made the whole army pass through this space; of course, 
every time they filled it they knew there were 10,000 men. 
This old historian was named Herodotus, and he is considered 
very truthful; but you wotdd think that Xerxes might have hit 
upon an easier plan for counting his men. 

Xerxes landed in (ireece, and marched without any obstnic- 
tion till he came to the strait of Thermopyl:i3. Here he found 
the Grecians preiiared to disiiute his pa,ssage with 11,200 men, 
of which number 4, 0(10 only were at Thermopylaj, to defend 
the pass — a small number to oppose the millions of Xerxes. 
But those men were all resolved to either conquer or die. This 
pass was only twenty-five feet broad, and was the only way 
through which part of the army could advance by land to 
reach Athens. "NVhen Xerxes saw that his army was stopped 
by tliis haudfiU of men, he waited four days for them to retreat, 
thinking they would get frightened at the magnitude of his 
ho.sts; and, dming this time, he tried to bribe the Grecian 
leader, Leonidas. He told him that he wotdd make him 
master of all Greece if he would come over to his side; but 
Leonidas rejected his proposal with scorn and indignation. He 
covdd not be bribed to betray his country. Xerxes afterwartls 
wrote to him to deliver up his arms. Leonid;is sent liim as his 
answer; "Co»te and take them." 

As Xerxes coidd neither bribe nor fright«n the Grecians, 
there \vas nothing left but to figlit them, and he commanded 
a jiart of his forces to march against them, with orders to take 
them all alive, and bring them to him. They, however, could 
not stand the charge ol the (irecians, and were shamefidly put 
to flight. He next .sent 10,000 of the best troops in his whole 
army, and the Grecians whipped them also. By this time 
Xerxes was puzzled, and scarcely knew what to do; but a man 
who lived near came to him, and showed him a secret path 
leading to a higli point which overlooked the Grecian forces. 
He sent a nuiuber of troops there, who marched all night, and 
arrived there at the break of day. 

When Jiconidas saw them he knew they had the advantage 
of him. He obliged all of the army to leave him, exceiit three 
hundred of his own ])cople— Spartans— who all resolved to die 
with their leader and king. They knew they must perish; but 
they did not hesitate to sacrifice themselves for their comitiy. 
Leonidas exhorted them to take some food, saying, that they 
would eat their next meal with Pluto, whom they believed to 
be the god of the region where the sjiirits of men went, after 
death. After which they .set up a .shout of joy, and advanced 
with their king to battle. The .shock was exceedingly violent 
and bloody. Leonidas was one of the first that fell. His men 
defended his dead body with wonderful bra\ery. At length 
they all fell (except one man), not whipped, but crushed by the 
numbers of the Persians who came upon them. The one who 
escaped, fled to Sparta; but there he was treated as a coward 
and traitor to his country, and nobody woidd keep company 
with, or speak to, him. In Sparta theythought it far better to 



(Si^-s«- 





'!^ 



0*TJ"V^EISriI-.E IlsrSTI^TJOTOI?., 



69 



7^ 



f 



die tlvaii to run away. Xerxes afterwards had another battle 
with the Greeks, in which this man fought, and gained great 
gloiy, restoring himself to the favor of his countrymen by his 
exceeding great valor. Xerxes had two of his brothers, and 
20,000 of his men killed at Thcrmopyku. 

We give our readers this sketch to show what great wonders 
can be accomplished by a few brave, determined men, when 
figlitiug for their homes, their country, and their freedom. 
The.se men were heathen, and did not know the true God. If 
they could perform such wonders, what can those do who have 
God on their side. 

Xerxes had to flee from Greece to escape the fury of the 
Grecians, who fought with such desperation that they whipped 
his army in every battle. He found that victcjry is not alwaj's 
on the side of the greatest numbers. 



I^ISJ^. 



NO doubt many of the boys and girls who read the 
Juvenile Instkuctok have heard of the leaning 
tower of Pi.sa, but were we to ask them where it stands, or 
what it is, some probably might not be able to an.swer. 
So we will try to do so for them. 

First, we will look at the picture, for our friend Brother 
Campe has supplied us with a wood cut of tlie tower, and 
we notice a tower, eight stories high, built in the middle 
of an open space in the midst of a city; the tower itself 
not rising up straight from the ground, but leaning on one 
side. This is the reason of it being called tlie leaning 
t/iwer, and "of Pisa," is added because It is situated in 
Pisa, a town built about eight miles from the mouth ol 
the river Arno, in northern Italy. 

This tower you will 
observe is shaped like a 
cylinder, it is 52 feet 
across, or in diameter, at 
its base, and 179 feet 
high. It now overhangs 
its base more tlian 13 
feet, but does not lean 
far enough on one side to 
make it dangerous, as 
the centre of gravity 
falls considerably within 
the base of the building. 
Its wallsalso are strength- 
ened by iron bars. Still 
as visitors ascend they 
are fully sensible when 
they are on the upper or 
lower side of the incline. 
The view from the top i^ 
grand. Around the city 
the land is quite level, 
but in the distance rise 
the snow capped summits 
of the Appepiue mountains ou one side, and the steeples 
of the city of Leghorn on the other. 

It is said that when tlie tower was only partly finished, 
the ground sunk ou one side and, of course, with it the 
tower. But the architect was both skillful and courage- 
ous, and he determined to finish the work he had com- 
menced. In tills he succeeded and carried out his plan, 
notwithstanding the peculiar position of the building. 

Pisa is a very ancient city and was once one of the most 
powerful in Italy. After tlie days of the Romans, il 
passed in succession into the hands of tlie Goths, Lom- 
bards and Franks, when they conijuered Italy, and at 





length became almost independent. The city then rose 
rapidly in power and wealth. In the year 1022, with the 
aid of the people of Genoa; the citizens of Pisa conquered 
the Island of Sardinia, and a few years afterwards, the 
Island of Corsica became subject to them. This was the 
era of their greatest prosperity, which lasted for about 
four hundred years. Since tlieu, owing to foreign wars 
with stronger neighbors, and internal feuds, the city has 
gradually lost its position and its strength ; until to-day it 
is an unimportant town of some 25,000 inhabitants, doing 
a small trade in tlie manufacture of cotton and woolen 
goods, soap, white lead and vitriol. 

Like almost every Italian city Pisa has its cathedral; 
and like all other Roman catholic cathedrals, it is filled 
with statues and paintings of Santa Maria, Santa Catlia- 
rina, and a host of other saintly persons, whose histories 
form a great portion of the religious reading given to 
little Roman Catholic children. But like the stories of 
the good little Sunday school scholars, and pious old 
apple women, whose lives adorn the greater portion of 
some Sunday school libraries, we always felt that we were 
reading something that was not true, and that it was 
much better to tell the truth if it did not leave so much to 
boast of. Tlie children of the Latter-day Saints are 
taught to love the principles of righteousness, to serve 
God and keep His commandments whicli is much better 
than filling their heads with nonsense about the holy 
lives of monks and nuns, and sucli like, who spent their 
days in all sorts of odd ways and strange manners, which 
very often were far from the way the Gospel teaches men 
and women to live. G. R. 



THE I3:EIDC3-E HIOO. 



IF the name of this animal leads you to suppose that it 
bears any resemblance to the common hog, you will 
fall into an error. The only similarity between the two 
is in the satisfied grunt they utter as they trudge along in 
search of their daily fare. The shape of the hedge-hog is 
more like that of the beaver ; but he has no such soft coat 
of fur. A very coar.se suit of hair suffices to keep out the 
winter's cold from his skin ; and outside of this he wears 
the most curious suit of armor. It is made up entirely of 
little spines or quills, an inch or two in length, but very 
sharp at the points. We must not blame the poor creature 
for making free use of them when he is attacked by dogs 
or other animals, for they are his only means of defense. 
He is a very liarmless animal. He can neither run away 
when molested, nor wound his enemy with his teeth or 
claws; still he is well provided for. When danger ap- 
proaches, he slowly tucks up his feet, rounds up his back, 
draws down his head, and converts himself into a very 
fair-shaped ball— only a ball no one would desire to play 
with. The dogs may bark and worry around him as 
much as they please, he never stirs, but knows he is as 
secure in his prickly castle as if he were cased in steel. 
By and by the dogs give it up as a poor cliase, and travel 
off for some more profitable sport. If some poor fellow 
allows his temper to get the better of his judgment, and 
ventures to seize the creature, he is sure to pay dear for it. I 
knew of one dog who got his mouth and head full ofthe.se 
quills, and his owner was compelled to shoot him to put 
an end to his sufferings. 

A gentlemen had a nest of little ones, with their mother, 
brought to his place in order to watch their habits; but 
though there was an abundance of food given them, the 
mother ate up all her babies. She could not have been a 
very affectionate mother, or else she was not well pleased 
at losing her freedom. The Indians make many beautiful 
articles of birch-bark, worked with these quils, which 
they stain various bright colors. — Selected. 




m 

^ 



70 



G" TJ -V E 3Sr I L E I3SrST:E?.TJOTOI?/. 



ft 

I 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 



^iogtJajp^H, 






THE 




FTER the Governor left Joseph wrote 

^ a letter to Judge Thomas, Informing 

him that he and his brother Hyrum 

had been arrested upon a charge of 

treason ; also, that the only prospect 

they had of justice being done, was to 

get their case on habeas corpus before 

an impartial judge, as the excitement 

and prejudice were such in Carthage 

that testimony was of little avail. He 

earnestly requested Judge Thomas to go to 

Nauvoo without delay, and to make himself 

at home at his house until tlie papers could 

be got in readiness for him to bring them on 

habeas corpus. He told the Judge that their 

witnesses were all at Nauvoo, and that he 

could easily investigate the matter there, and he 

would be responsible to him for all the trouble 

and expense. 

The door of the room in which they sat was so 
warped that they could not fasten the latch; but Bro. 
Dan Jones and Colonel Stephen Markham worked at the 
door with a pocket knife till they could shut it ; this was 
with the view that in case of an attack they would be 
better able to defend themselves. 

Joseph had frequently been in danger from his enemies; 
he had many t'mes been compelled to appear before 
Courts; but he had a different feeling at this time from any 
he ever had before. In alluding to it, he remarked: 

"I have bad a good deal of anxiety about my safety since I 
left Nauvoo, which I never had before when under arrest. I 
could not help these feelings, and they have depressed me." 

Hyrum encouraged Joseph to think that the Liord, for 
His Church's sake, would release him from prison. 
Joseph replied: 

"Could my brother Hyrum but be liberated, it would not 
matter so much about me. Poor Rigdou, I am glad he is 
gone to Pittsburg ; were he to preside, he would lead the 
church to destruction in less than live years." 

The time during that day was spent in various occupa- 
tions. A part of the time Joseph dictated to Dr. Richardsi 
who was very busily engaged in writing ; Elder John 
Taylor sung several times, and Joseph related dreams, 
which lie had had, to the brethren. Lawyer Reid spoke 
encouragingly about the case. He thought he had the 
magistrate on a pin hook ; for he had committed them with- 
out an examination, and therefore, had no further 
jurisdiction in the case. Reid said he would not agree 
to a trial unless Justice Smith would consent to go to Nau- 
voo for an examination, where witnesses could be had. 

At half past two in the afternoon Constable Hettisworth 
In company with another man, came and wanted aduiit- 
tance to the jail, having a letter to the jailor demanding 
the prisoners. The jailor could tind no law authorizing 
justices of the peace to demand prisoners in that manner 
and he refused to give them up till discliarged from his 
custody by due course of law. Joseph sent a message to 
the Governor to inform him of what had just taken place; 
he also wrote to his lawyers, Messrs Reid and Woods. In 
his letter he told them that the constable had called 
and wanted to take them before the magistrate ; also, that 




Doctor Foster (an apostate) had said that they could do 
nothing with Joseph and Hyrum only by powder and 
ball. He expressed a wish to see them without delay. 
But Governor Ford was not ignorant of the attempt of 
Bettisworth to get possession of the prisoners, nor of the 
threats of the apostates and others, for it was common con- 
versation on the camp ground and in the dining-room of 
the hotel, in the presence of Governor Ford: 

"The law is too short for these men ; but they must not be 
suffered to go at large ;" and, "if the law will not reach them, 
powder and ball must." 

Bettisworth's failure to obtain the prisoners had also 
been communicated immediately to him by Justice 
Robert F. Smith, who inquired of him what he must do. 
F(jrd's reply was: 

"We have plenty of troops; there are the Carthage Grey'a 
under your command. Bring them out." 

His advice was faithfully followed. At about twenty 
minutes to four o'clock, the constable with the company 
of Carthage Greys, under the command of Frank Worrell, 
marched to the jail and compelled the jailor against his 
will and conviction of duty to deliver Joseph and Hyrum 
to the constable. They protested against Leing delivered 
to the constable and militia; but, finally, Joseph, seeing 
the mob was gathering and assuming a threatening aspect, 
concluded it was better to go with them ; he put on his 
hat, and walked boldly into the midst of the hollow square 
of the Carthage Greys. There was every reason to believe 
that he would be killed in the streets before arriving at 
the court-house ; he, therefore, had recourse to a piece of 
strategy ; he politely locked arms with the worst mobocrat 
he could see, and Hyrum locked arms with Joseph. They 
were followed by Dr. Richards and the guard, and the 
brethren followed outside the square. They all went to 
the court-room. It was plain to be seen that Joseph's 
enemies were only adopting these proceedings for the pur- 
pose of getting him in their power, so they might kill 
him. The names of the lawyers on the side of the prose- 
cution were: Chauncey L. Higbee, O. C. Skinner, 
Thomas Sharp, Sylvester Emmons, and Thomas Morri- 
son. After some little discussion, on motion of Joseph's 
lawyer the examination was postponed till noon the next 
day, the ;2Tth. Subpoenas were granted to get witnesses 
from Nauvoo. At half past five they were taken back to 
jail. Shortly After they arrived there Patriarch John 
Smith, Joseph's uncle, came from Macedonia to see his 
nephews. On the road he met numbers of mobbers ; three 
of them snapped their guns at him, and he was threatened 
by many others who recognized him. When he reached 
the jail the guard refused him admittance. Joseph saw 
him through the window, and, after remonstrating with 
the guards, they finally admitted him ; before doing so, 
however, they searched him closely. He remaintd an 
hour with them, and in the coui-se of conversation, he 
asked Joseph if he thought he should ever get out of the 
hands of his enemies. Joseph's reply was: 

"My brother Hyrum thinks I shall." 

In the evening Lawyers Reid and Woods called with 
Elder J. P. Greene. They said the Governor and mili- 
tary othcers had held a council, and they had decided 
that the Governor and all the troops should march to 
Nauvoo at 8 o'clock the next day, except one company of 
about fifty men. The object of this movement was to 
gratify the troops. They were to return the next day the 
2.Sth to Carthage. The fifty men who wore to stay these 
lawj'ors said were to be picked by the Governor from 
those of the troops whose fidelity ho could most rely on to 
guard the prisoners, who weie to be left in Carthage jail, 
and that their trial was to be Ueferred until Saturday, the 



?V^ 



I 



\^^ 



J TJ "V" E ISr I L E IlSrSTK/TJCTOIJ. 



;:9th. When this council was terminated, Robert F. 
Smith, tlie justice, who was also one of the militia offlcere, 
changed the return of the subprenas until the 29th. This 
he did without consulting with anybody. 

During the evening Hyrum read and commented upon 
extracts from the Book of Mormon, on the Imprisonments 
and deliverances of the servants of God, who had been 
confined for the gospel's sake. • Joseph bore a powerful 
testimony to the guards at the prison concerning the 
divine origin of the Book of Mormon, also that the gospel 
had been restored, that angels had administered again 
unto men, and that tlie Kingdom of God was again estab- 
lislied upon the earth, for the sake of which he was then 
confined in tliat prison, and not because he had violated 
any law of God or man. 

{To be continued.) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE progress I had made in learning the language sur- 
f)rised the elders at Honolulu. I was able to converse 
tolerably well with the natives, and understand what they 
said. When they learned how the Lord had opened our 
way and aided us in acquiring the language, they felt that 
it might be wisdom for me to continue my labors there, 
instead of removing to Honolulu. This, after counseling 
together, was the decision of the president. I was much 
gratified at the privilege of returning to Maui; for, to my 
view, prospects for accomplishing any great amount of 
good were not very bright then at Honolulu. Elder Wil- 
liam Farrer sailed with me to Maui, to be a partner to 
Elder Henry W. Bigler. 

We had scarcely reached Lahaina, when Elder Hiram 
Blackwell called upon us from the Island of Hawaii, 
where he had been with Elder James Hawkins. He was 
on his way to Honolulu, and expected, if it was not con- 
trary to counsel, to return home. He was discouraged in 
trying to learn the language, and preach to the natives. 
He reached Honolulu in time to return with the other 
elders. At this point I may anticipate the order of my 
narrative by stating that Elder James Hawkins, Brother 
Blackwell's partner, remained on Hawaii for some time, 
striving to acquire the language, and to proclaim the gos- 
pel to the people. He afterwards came up to Maui and 
labored there, and filled a good mission before he returned 
home. 

About three weeks after my return from Honolulu we 
were surprised at receiving a visit from the president of 
the mission. He had concluded to leave the Sandwich 
Islands and go to the Marquesas Islands; for he thought 
there was a better field there. These latter islands, 30° 
south of where we were then, are inhabited by a race 
of people whose language is very similar to that spoken 
by the natives of the Sandwich Isla:ids. They are pro- 
bably descendants of one common stock. But they are 
naturally more fierce and savage than the Sandwich 
Islc.nders. It issaid of some of them, that when they are 
engaged in war, they have no objections to eating a piece 
of a roasted man; indeed, they rather relish such a meal 
at such times, as they think it makes them brave. 

Our president's principal motive in coming to see us 
was to have us go with him. If'prospects were no better 
on Maui than on the island he had been on, he thought 
we had better accompany him. It was not from any fear 
that the people of the Marquesas group would eat us, that 
we did not fall in with his proposal; but because we could 
not see the propriety of it. 





Our position, just then, was a peculiar one. Here was 
our president, the man who had been appointed to counsel 
and guide us, proposing to us to leave the field to which 
we had been appointed, and to take a journey of several 
hundred miles to another land to labor. What were we 
to do? How far did the obedience which we owed to him 
require us to go? This was an important question. To 
disobey a man in the rightful exercise of authority, was 
an act from which we naturally recoiled; and an act, too, of 
which we were not in the least disposed to be guilty. But 
we felt that it would not be right for us to leave that 
island then. We had done but little at warning the people, 
or accomplishing our mission, and why leave them thea 
any more than on the first day that we landed? We had 
not been appointed by the authority wnich called him and 
us to go to the Marquesas Islands; we knew of no opening 
there, or any reason why we should go there in preference 
to any other place on the earth. If we followed our pre- 
siiiJent there, because he told us to come with him, and 
we should find no opening to preach the gospel, why not 
follow him to some other country if he should so require 
us? 

Fortunately we were relieved from the necessity of 

refusing to comply with his counsel. He felt plainly 

enough that his proposal did not strike us favorably. He 

had not been many hours with us until he found this out; 

and be told us that probably it would be better for us to 

remain where we were until we gave the people a fair 

trial; and then, if we could not do anything, we could 

follow him, as he intended to write to us respecting his 

success. The first we heard from him, he had drifted 

down to Tahiti, on the Society Islands, where some of our 

elders were then laboring. His mission, however, was of 

no profit to himself. 

{To be continued.) 



Insects and Birds.— The warm climates, or what is 
called the torrid zone, are infested with insects. In Cey- 
lon the scorpions are sometimes found more than eight 
inches long; there are spiders, too, with legs four inches 
long, and bodies covered with thick black hair. 

The birds of Ceylon are endowed with instinct suited to 
their necessities; if they built their nests in the same 
manner as our birds, they would be exposed to constant 
danger. Those of the lesser species who cannot defend 
themselves if they are invaded, suspend their nests at the 
extreme branches of trees, because Providence has given 
them instinct, to avoid the snakes that twine up the 
bodies of the trees, and apes and monkeys, that are per- 
petually in search of prey. Heaven instructs them to 
elude the gliding of the one, and the activity of the other. 
They are obliged to use great ingenuity in placing their 
little brood out of the reach of an enemy. Some species 
form their nests in the shape of a purse, very deep, and 
with a small opening at the top, and others still more 
cautious, form them with an entrance at the bottom, and 
have a lodge for their young at the top. 

The most remarkable bird that I have heard of, is the 
tailor bird. It seems to be more cautious than any of the 
others • it will not trust its nest even to the extreme top of 
a slender twig, but fixes it to the leaf. It picks up a dead 
leaf, and strange as it may seem, sews it to the side of a 
living one, its slender bill being the needle, and its thread, 
some fin£ fibres ; the lining, consists of feathers, gossamer, 
and down. Its eggs are white ; the color of the bird light 
yellow ; its length three inches ; its weight only three six- 
teenths of an ounce, so that the materials of the nest, 
with the bird in it, are not likely to draw down even this 
slight habitation.— (Sfefecfed. 



4^ 



7S 



O-TJVEIDTILie] in^STI^TJCTOI?/ 



PUSS ia Boots and tJie cat of Peter Piper are numbered 
among the legions stored up in youtliful memories. 
We relate a story coming from reliable sources, which our 
readers are at liberty to class with those fictions or believe 
just as they choose. 

Last year Mr. Charles Edgerly, of Meredith, owned a 
cat which was a regular hunter. He would go oft' and 
bring in rabbits quite often. If any of the family went 
berrying, Tommy would go too, and devote his energies to 
wild game. If he became separated from the party, he 
would climb a tree and ascertain the direction to head 
itself to find them. He could catch birds on trees, and 
the boys of the family, knowing the propensity of squir- 
rels to take to fences and stone walls when in danger, 
would put him on a wall and alarm the game. One after- 
noon Tommy caught fifteen squirrels in this manner. He 
would wait any length of time when put down in a place 
and told to stay there. 

One day he brought a rat and laid it at the feet of Mr. E., 
who took out his knife and skinned it. Pussy surveyed 
the operation with intense interest, and seemed highly 
pleased at it. Mr. E. said, "Go got another," and the cat 
went off and returned, at intervals during the day, with 
three more, which were duly skinned under feline super- 
intendence. Mr. E. told the eat that he would skin all 
the rats it could catch, and hencefortli pussy made it his 
sole occupation to catch the rats and see their hides re- 
moved. The skins of the rats were fastened on the barn 
at a distance of a few feet from the ground. Thirty-seven 
trophies were in time displayed on the barn. One day 
this feline Nimrod brought in a rat and laid it at Mr. E.'s 
feet. He was busy at the time, and could not gratify the 
animal with the usual skinning operation. The cat laid 
it at his feet three successive times, and was finally re- 
pulsed in such a manner that Tommy went ofr with his 
back and tail up in the peculiar stift" gait which enraged 
animals have. From that day not a rat would he catch, 
though other small game continued to suffer as of old. 

But now comes the wonderful part of the tale. On the 
night of the day in which he became so mortally oft'ended. 
Tommy went out to the barn and tore down the hides of 
the thirty-seven victims, to show its resentment of the 
insult. Such a case is rarely heard lot, and so we record 
it for our readers, young and old. Though it would keep 
all its old habits, such :is skating, (for it would slide in the 
best manner it was able, on the ice, whenever the boys 
went) it never again was known to catch a rat to tlie day 
of its death, which happened some few months after, by 
being caught in a fox trap. — Selected. 

CirESS. — Most young j^eople have heard of the game of 
chess, but perhaps few Ivuow liow ancient it is. It is said 
to have been invented in India, early in tlie sixth century. 
The Cliinese call it the game of the Elephant, and say 
they liad it from the Indians in 537. The Arabians say 
tliat the Persians tauglit it to them. With the Arabians 
it came into Spain, from Spain to France, and by the 
French it was brought in the eleventh century Jto Eng- 
land ; from there it very naturally came to America. It is 
.said that Don John of Austria liad a hall paved with 
checkers of black and white marble, upon whicli living 
men moved according to his direction, by the rules of 
chess. A Duke of Weymar is also said to have played 
chess in the same manner with living soldiers. — Selected. 



The heart which is capable of receiving the purest rays 
of joy, must have been shadowed by the darliest clouds of 
sorrow. 




^I^cl^i $a$|(iy. 




nvcjLicE irojj-Eij i^JL^i.1^. 



In the quarries should you toil, 

Make your mark ; 
Do you delve upon the soil, 

Make your mark. 
In whatever path you go, 

In whatever place you stand, 
Moving swift or moving slow, 
With a firm and honest hand, 
Wake your mark. 

Should opponents hedge your way 

Make your mark ; 
Work by night, or work by day, 

Make your mark. 
Struggle manfully and well. 

Let no obstacle oppose ; 
None right-shielded ever fell 
By the weapons of his foes; 
Make your mark. 

Life is tleeting as a shade. 

Make your mark, 
Marks of su7ne kind 7Hust be made, 

Make your mark. 
Make it while the arm is strong. 
In the golden hours of youth ; 
Never, never make it wrong — 
Make it with the stamp of truth ; 
Make your mark. 



THE Cia:iLIDI^,E3Sr OIF OTSIE 



Take heed of this small child of earth; 

He is great: be bath in him God most high; 
Children, before their fleshly birth, 

Are lights alive in the blue sky. 

In our light, bitter world of wrongs 
They come; God gives us them awhile; 

His speech is in their stammering tongues. 
And His forgiveness in their smile. 

Their sweet light rests upon our eyes; 

Alas ! their right to joy is plain: 
If they are hungi-y, Paradise 

Weeps, and, if cold. Heaven thrills with pain. 

Ihe want that saps their sinless flower. 
Speaks judgment on sin's ministers, 
Mau holds an angel in his power. 
Ah ! deep in heaven what thunder stirs. 



crxj^TEisriXjE iiNrsTi?.TJOTOi?. 

Is i^ublished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Sinrjle Copy, per Annma $.3 00. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50. 

«7j- f;r:iin lirou;.'!it to tliiB City fnr (lio .IiivKNTi.K iNSTRiifniR will be 
rccL'ivud ut the onicc of our ii.-ipcr— Deskhkt News Buildings. 




