

'JiOl.lNESS fa tBE LORD, 

r 



VOL 10. 



C 








^ 'iS»a^k'**4*ai^ 



SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTP^MBER 4, 1S75 



TKCE nDXJGicinsra- stocil. 



VN an.v of our readers tell the meaniiie 
We see a great pond and a woman fastened in a 



nis eusraviu<< 




the end of a long pole, which works like some of our old- 
fashioued well poles on top of a post, and men, women and 
children all around the pole Ico'dngon with a great deal of 
interest; mothers pointing out the woman to their children, 
and all evidently greatlj- interested in the spectacle. In front 
are some women who are pushing or carrjung one of their own 
sex, jirobably to have lier fastened in the chair, and we see an 
oiEcer with a staff looking on to .see that the operation is 
carried on properly. The chair which you see is called the 
ducking stool. This was a puni.shment inflicted in old times 
upon scoldingVlves. If a woman was noted for her temper 
and her disposition to ^ 

scold, the authorities of 
the village or neighbor- 
hood would take the 
matter in hand and she 
would be fastened in the 
chair, as you see in the 
picture, and ducked in 
the water and pulled out 
again by the men who 
had hold of the end of 
the pole. The poor 
creature would be ducked 
in this manner until .she 
was nearly drowned, then 
she would be released 
and sent home. This 

would serve as a warning to herse'.f and all others who had 
similar propensities. And that kind of punishment was 
inflicted upon women alone. We expect there were bad 
husbands in those days, but we do not read anything about 
their being ducked. They could do as they pleased and in 
old times in England a man could put a halter around his 
wife's neck and lead her into the market jilace and sell her to 
the highest bidder. Tn these days of women's rights all this 
is changed, and woman is now looked upon as more the equal 
of man than formerly. 



TOO SEIsrSITIAT 




Dr. Franklin, speaking of education, says: ''If a man 
em])ties his purse into his head, no man can take it from him. 
tVn investment in knowledge always pays the htst interest." 



TriERE are people — yes, many people — always looking out for 
slights. They cannot carrj' on the daily intercourse of the 
family withot finding that some offense is designed. The\ are 
as touchy as hair-triggers. If they meet an acciuaintanee who 
happens to be pre-occupied with business, they attribute his 
abstraction m some mode personal to themselves, and take 
umlirage accordingly. They blame others for the fruit of their 
own irritability. Indigestion makes them see impertinence in 
every one they come in contact with. Innocent persons, who 
never dreamed of giving offense, are astonished to find some 
unfortunate word, or momentary taciturnity, mistaken for an 
insult. To say the least the habit is unfortunate, for it is 
productive ot no good. It is far wiser to take the more chari- 
table view of our fellow 
beings, and not suppose 
that a slight is intended 
unless the neglect is open 
and direct. Indeed, we 
r had better fail to notice 
an intended offense than 
to fancy something an 
offense which is not in- 
tended as such. After 
all, too, life takes its 
hues from the color of 
our own mind. If we 
are frank and generous, 
the world treats us kind- 
ly; if, on the contrary, 
'" ~ we are suspicious, men 

learn to be cold and cautious to us. Let a person get the 
reputation of being '"touchy," and everybody who meets him 
IS under restraint, and in this way the chances for an imagi- 
nary offense arc vastly increased. The person whose misfor- 
tune It is to po-ssess this habit is seldom realb' happy; in fact, 
it is impossible for a sensitive person to feel happy and be at 
variance with his fellows, as a person is very apt to be who is 
always looking out for a slight. The habit, too, is one that 
can be accjuired, and wnen a iwrson indulges in it for any great 
length of time he is apt to fancy that the whole world is 
arrayed against him, and to fortify himself he becomes moody 
and disagreeable even to his best friends; until he is ready to 
construe every pleasant word that greets him into a slur, every 
laugh into a sneer and every smile into a giimace at his 
expense. 





206 



CrTJ^E13^II-.E in^STK/TJGTOI^. 




<|IJ$ 



merica* 



BY G. M. O. 



CAS AS CtE ANDES. 




THE ruins in northern Jlexico, New ^Mexico and Arizona 
consist chiefly of structures similar in plan and arrange- 
ment to those still used by the Pueblos; but they are far supe- 
rior as monuments of architecture, science and skill. We 
have every evidence that in ancient times this part of the 
country was thickly settled, and a numerous population, evi- 
dently followers of agricultural pursuits and the builders of 
cities, occupied the country as far northward at least as the 
Utah lakes. The larger portion of their buildings doubtless 
was built of perishable materials, which have left no trace; 
many of them, however, were built of stone, though wood 
and adobe seems to have been more generally used. Some of 
the mined stone buildings were inhabited when the Spaniards 
first conquered the countrj'. The remains everywhere present 
the same characteristics, representing a people always building 
the same way with very little variation in the forms of their 
structures, and their condition in life substantially the same. 
But the ruins are not all the same age, many of them being so 
ancient that the traditions of present races do not reach them. 
In New Mexico, between the head waters of the San Jose 
and Zuni rivers, west of the Kio Grande, on a bluff rising some 
two hundred feet from the plain, are the ruins called "El 
Moro." On one side of the bluff, which is vertical, and com- 
posed of yellowish white sandstone, are "Spanish inscriptions 
and Indian hieroglyphics." Lieutenant Simpson (l:s4<.0 de- 
scribes the ruins as being the remains of an extensive Pueblo 
building, built of rock, "with considerable skill, the walls in 
some places being still perfect to the bight of six or eight feet, 
the stones uniform in .size, fourteen inches long and six inches 
wide, are placed in horizontal layers, each successive layer 
breaking joints with that below it. Remains of cedar beams, 
painted pottery, ob.sidiau arrow-heads and other relics were 
found. Four or five years after Lieutenant Simpson passed 
through this part of the country Lieutenant Whipple went 
westward, following mainly along the thirty-fifth parallel. 
After Whipple left El Moro he entered the valley of Ojo 
Pe.scado; here, close by a spring were two old Pueblo buildings 
in ruins, and not far away a deserted town of a later date. 
The two ancient structures were circular in form and eipial in 
size, being about eight hundred feet in circumference. They 
were built of stone, but have so crumbled as to be but little 
more than heaps of rubbi.'^h. Pottery similar to that found at 
El 5Ioro, painted in bright colors, and some of a beautiful 
polish was found. In the same neighborhood, on the summit 
of a cliff twenty-three feet high, was another old ruin strongly 
walled around. In the centre was a mound on which were 
traces of a building. Whipple encamped at Zuni, a great 
Pueblo building, inhabited at the time by two thousand people. 
Not more than a league away are the crumbling walls of an old 
Zona, which shows nothing but ruins. Its wall is from two to 
twelve feet high, and it covers sereral acres of ground. This 
old town became a ruin in ancient times; after remaining long 
in a ruined condition it was again rebuilt, and again deserted 
after a considerable period of occupation. It is still easy to 
dio'ii'— ' \ If-lw^"! 'lie; two period;. "T!i3 stHnding walls 
rest L.,-M.i 111.,,. >,.' .i;-j.i. r aiit:i;'i y," y.'V-i 'X'..\\>\:. 'I"!ie 



premature masonry is about six feet thick, that of the later 
period is only from a foot to a foot and a half thick. 

At a place west of Zuni ancient relics were found. Here 
formerly stood an extensive town, probably constructed o 
adobes. Near the Colorado Chiquito is an extensive ruin on 
the summit of an isolated hill of sandstone. On the ridge 
overlooking Pueblo Creek are traces of an old settlement. 
Ruins are abundant in the Rio Verde A^alley down to the 
junction of that river with the Rio Salinas. Whipple says: 
"Large fields in the valley of the Rio Gila and many spots 
among the Pinal Lena Mountams are marked with the founda- 
tions of adobe houses. In Canyon Chelly, near San Francisco 
Mountain, there are ruin.s of more permanent structures of 
stone, which in their day must have excelled the famed pueblos 
of New Mexico." 

In the valley of the Chaeo, north of Zuni, are the ruins of 
what many suppose to have been the famous "Seven Cities of 
Cevola. " The first Spanish traveler into these regions was 
Mark di Niga, a Franciscan monk, in the year A. D. 1539. 
How far northward his exploratory and missionary journey 
extended we are unable to tell. He reported on his return to 
New Galieia that there were towns and cities in this country 
built of stone, the houses several stories high and flat roofed. 
One town or city, called Cevola or Cibola, seemed to him larger 
than the City of Mexico, when viewed from a distance, for he 
did not venture to approach it closely. He also speaks of 
seven towns or cities in one kingdom, in which the Indians 
informed him there was gold in abundance. Friar 3Iark also 
saj's that he saw one of the natives of Cibola, who was a 
white man, of a good complexion and capacity (Hackloyt, III. 
370). Spanish cupidity being excited by the friar's relation of 
the greatness and vast wealth of Cevola, Coronado, the gover- 
nor of New Galieia, set out with an army to conquer and rob 
its cities. But the.se buccaneers were disappointed in not 
finding gold, silver and precious stones. The report of this 
conquest and the governor's disappointment is still in exist- 
ence. Lieutenant Simjison examined the ruins of these sup- 
posed seven cities, and describes them as being all built 
pueblo fashion and of stone, and adds: "It discovers in the 
masonry a combination of science and art which can only be 
referred to a higher stage of civilization and refinement than is 
discovered in the work of Mexicans or Pueblos of the present 
day." Espejo made an incursion in these countries with a 
military force in the year 158-3. He describes the natives "as 
a people much given to labor, and continually occupied" 
(Hfickloyt III. 3S9). 

In regard to the white man that Friar 3Iark saw, some 
Indians on the coast told Alarchon that there were white 
men up the country (doubtless meaning in the direction of 
Cevola), but that they knew nothing else (Hack. IIL, 429). 
Ruins of Casas Grandes (great houses) in the Mexican state of 
Chihuahua are minutely described by Bartlett (Explorations in 
New Mexico, Vol. II). The general character of these build- 
ings is the same as the I'imo and Moquis villages on tlie Gila 
and Colorado. One of the buildings measured by Mr. Bartlett 
was eight hundred feet long, and from east to west about two 
hundred and fifty feet. Garcia Conde also mentions a class of 
ruins along the margin of the Casas Grandes and Janos rivers 
for a length of twenty 'leagues and a breadth of ten. Jars, 
pitchers, in fact pottery of all kinds painted in designs with 
white, blue and scarlet colors, corn- grinders and stone axes 
have been found. These beautiful specimens of pottery are 
much superior to that made by the Mexicans of the present 



J.Ut.lj'.t 



'T'lo w'.iole \;riic 



in I'jr miles 





O'TJ^En^ILE IIETSTI^TJCTOI^ 



S07 




around these ruins is strewed with fragments of pottery. On 
the summit of the highest mountain southwest of the ruins 
about ten miles distant is an ancient stone fortress from which 
the whole countr}', for a vast extent can be viewed." Many 
other ruins have been examined in this i3art of the old Mexican 
territory, and more will be brought to light, for the whole 
region has not been carefully examined, and new discoveries 
are constantly reported. So late as the year 1874 the U. S. 
surveying party reported the discovery ot an extensive ruined 
city in Baker's eanj'on, about fifty miles south of the Utah line. 
An ancient mound was levelled by the railroad builders on the 
site of the depot in this city, and the mounds seven miles west 
of the Jordan are familiar to most of our citizens. For a long 
time it was the supposition that this was the original country 
of the Aztecs, from their name Aztec or "men of lakes;" but 
a more accurate knowledge of the localities has led to the aban- 
donment of this opinion, and it is now considered more proba- 
ble that the ancient civilization had reached the countries 
along the North American shores of the Pacific from the valley 
of Mexico or Central America. There is some faint light 
thrown u])on the civilization of our western territories, slight 
but not devoid of significance. Among several of the Indian 
trites of the United States there exists traditions of their bav- 
ins, during their passage eastward, come into hostile collision 
with and finally defeated people living in fortified towns. The 
Delaware Indians, for instance, say that many centuries ago 
the great Lenni-Lenapi inhabited a territory far to the west and 
that when they began moving eastward they came upon a 
numerous and civilized people, whom they call Alligewi, occu- 
pj'ing the country on the eastern banks of the Mississippi, and 
living in fortified towns. The Iroquois, who likewise reached 
the river about the same time, united with the Lenni-Lenapi, 
and the two roving tribes made such fierce and repeated assaults 
upon the AIHgewi that to avoid extermination the latter aban- 
doned their cities and territories and fled down the banks of 
the river. The traditions ot the Iroquois bear out this of the 
Delawares. 

( To he Continued.) 



M— ^~»H 



TJIsriDEI?. THCE sinto^a;^. 



From ''All the Year Round: 



( Continued. ) 




ON the lUh of January, my first thought on waking Was to 
make an end of my painful task; when I had lighted the lamp 
I felt my courage oozing away. I was obliged to have recourse 
to a new remedy with which I ought to have been able to 
dispense. Instead of breakfasting as u.sual on boiled milk and 
potatoes, i took a little bread and wine. This regimen restored 
a certain degree of firmness which I cannot ascribe to my own 
personal character, but of which I took advantage without 
delay. I had well considered the means of execution, and 
everything had been pre])ared tlie day before. 

Oh, my dear grandfatlier, when you taught me, in front of 
your house, to transport a heavy body by the employment of 
rollers, we little thought that I should apply your lessons on 
so .sad an occasion as this. The remembrance of what you then 
told me was completely refreshed in my memory. I could hear 
the sound of your voice, in imagination; and when the funereal 
burden nodded its head, as if in sign of a])].robation, I was so 
overcome that I turned my eyes away, like a jjcrson who dreads 
to look over the brink of a preci|>ice. 



The way was smoothed : the body was soon beside the grave. 
The most easy way would have been to let it fall in; but I could 
not make up my mind to treat it with so little reverence. Every 
difficulty being vanquished at last, what then remained to be 
done gave me but little uneasiness. I could freely give way to 
my grief Seated on the mound which I had raised with my 
own hands, I wept abundantly by the side of that open grave. 
I could not resolve to throw in the first shovelfuls of earth 
without performing some sort of funeral service. I knelt, and 
searched my memorj' for passages of Scrijjture suitable to the 
occasion. I took the Bible, being sufficiently acquainted with 
it to find fitting portions, and such as my grandfather would 
have pointed out. While reading aloud, it appeared to me as 
if I had quitted my solitude. The holy volume responded to 
mj' emotion. At last I stopped, through exhaustion; I collec- 
ted my thoughts, and no longer deferred what remamed to be 
done. In a short space of time, the grave was filled. I spent 
the rest of the day in carving with the point of my knife the 
following inscription on a small tablet of maple- wood: 

Here rests the body of Louis Lopraz, who died in the night of 
the 7th-8th of January, in the arms of his grandson Louis Lo- 
praz, who buried him with his own hands. 

I nailed the tablet to a stake, which I planted on the mound 
over the grave; after which I closed the door and returned to 
the kitchen, where Blanchette is my only company. Never- 
theless, although I feel more at ease now the body is no longer 
lying on the bed, I find that some remains of weakness still 
linger in my mind. I combat them by paying frequent visits 
to the grave, and always without a light. I have resolved to 
say my prayers there night and morning. 

Janl:,\RV 1-5. — Yes; my pcsition is greatly changed; Ibeeome 
more and more aware of it every day. I had a friend and a 
companion, and yet I dared to complain! God is punishing me 
for my former discontent. I am left alone — all alone ! Tliis 
thought pursues me the whole day long. 

January 16. — I cannot shake off my weakness. I left my 
bed in a state of languor and discouragement, which continues. 
I write merely for writing's sake. If I told the whole truth, 
this journal would now be filled with a melancholy picture of 
despair. I have hardly the energy to guide my pen. Jly first 
distress when we were made prisoners here, my fi'ight when 
the wolves threatened to devour us, and the sad scenes of my 
grandfather's death and burial, were as nothing compared with 
the prostration of strength into which I have fallen. I had 
no conception of this kind of suffering. 

January 24. — Providence, to drag me out of the weariness 
of ennui, has sent a new source of disquietude. The goat 
yields a smaller quantity of milk. I thought I observed it 
several days ago; at present, I cannot doubt the fact. 

J.A-NU.VRY 25. — My grandfather certainly foresaw the possibi- 
lity of my being detained here all by myself and gave me seve- 
ral hints how I should act under such circumstances. One day 
he said, "What should we do if Blanchette were to go dry? 
It would be absolutely necessary to pluck up our resolution to 
kill her, and live on her flesh as long as we could." lie fol- 
lowed this up with explanationshow we should have to manage, 
to preserve her flesh. Am I to be reduced to this cruel 
extremity ? 

January 20.— If matters do not grow worse, I may set my 
mind at ease. Blanchette still gives enough milk for my suste- 
nance. I have several cheeses in store. I have examined the 
remainder of my stock, and have spent the day in calculating 
how long it would last, if I had nothing else. It would not 
carry me through a fortnight. 





2CS 



crTJ'VEn^niLE in^sTi?/Tj otoi^. 




jAM'ARr 27. — The yield of milk decreases, and the goat 
fattfiis .11 proportion. Consequently, inca.se of her milk failing, 
the pour creature is preparing to sustain my life with her own 
.suliviaiiL-c! I am now haunted by one horrid idea: shall I be 
driwn to the necessity of turning butcher? Shall I be obliged, 
in order to prolong my own existence, to cut the throat of the 
animal which has fed me up to the jireseut? I have now only a 
hnlf r.ition of milk. 

FiiiiiirARY 7. — I have tried every expedient. Once I got a 
little iuo;e milk by giving her a triple allowance of salt, which 
ma ie her drink more. But it was impossible to go on so; 

beciiu 9 I .shall require all my salt, if Poor Blai.chette! I 

have heard that hens too fat and well fed do not lay so abun- 
dant y as lean ones; so I tlumght I would try the effect of giv- 
ing ray goat a smaHer quantity of hay. But it did not answer. 
She vielded still le.-fs milk, and I had the vexation of hearing 
her lilcat half the day. It is now not worth while milking her 
tsvice a day; so I have waited until the evening, in order to 
get a little more. But she will hardly let me come near her, 
I have hurt her teat by pressing it too hard. 

February 8. — I will confess my weakness; I ,-hed tears ti- 
diy when I tried in vain to milk Blanchette for the last time. 
"When .she saw that I gave up the ta.^k, she gazed at me dis- 
tru.^tfulh', as if putting herself on her guard agaiugt any fresh 
attenqit. I pushed the basin on one .side, and sat down by 
the ponr creature. I threw my arms around her, and wept 
bitteily. 

Sh3 went on eating all the same, bleating occasionally, and 
looking at me affectionately. They say that goats do not dls- 
tinj-uisli persons, and that they never manifest the jealous and 
devoted attachment of dogs; nevertheless, Blanchette is fond 
of her companions, and shows confidence in theui. She looks 
to iLS for food and the necessary attenti(iiis to which 1 have 
accustomed her; and 1 must now put a knil'e into her tliioat ! 
Iiii'xperieneed as I am in such a task, 1 can scarcely avoid 
cauiing her great and prolonged suffering. 

Uod has given the animal^ to u.an i'or food; I know it; but 
it 13 showing no ingratitude for bis bounty if we become 
attached to those which have rendered us benefits, and which 
are of a gentle and affectionate disposition. I will, therefore, 
I'e' ly the cruel sacrifice up to the last possible moment. I 
h:ive still a few victuals left, and I will economize them as 
closely as I can. 

February 12. — With so many .sorrows pressing on me, it is 
impossible to keep my journal with strict regularity. 3Iy pro- 
visions are all but finished; Blanchette grows latter than aver. 
It goes to my heart every time I care.--s her. 1 have made a 
fic^h search all over the house; I have broken up the floor in 
scleral places, to try and discover, if possible, some hidden 
store of provision. All I have gained by this violent exercise, 
is to excite my aiipetite. The idea that I have scarcely a mor- 
.-ci left to eat, makes me, I believe, all the hungrier. 

February 17. — Since yesterday the frost has become so 
-harp at night, that I am obliged to keep up a con.sUint fire. 
Certainly, if this weather lasted, I should have no hesitation 
in shutting up my poor victim's flesh in the stable, where it 
freezes hard, without any further preparation. But the 
weather may change. I must decide upon something without 
dela.v. I have only ju.-t enough salt left for my butchering 
I'Urposes! 

I To he ContinuetJ.) 




A LITTLE wrong done to another is a great injury done to 
ourselves. 



THE 






DURlxo the "Reign of Terror'' in France there were many 
deeds of daring performed, even by women. The very 
streets of Paris were deluged with blood, and near the guillo- 
tine especially so. One dark morning an unusual number of 
the aristocracy had been marched forth, and countless heads 
rolled from the block. A gaping multitude st<.od by, and with 
shouts rent the air as the aristocracy were thus butchered. 

Among the assembled multitude that dreary morning were 
two females. One of them was plainly clad, while a cloak 
was thrown around her with wdiieh she kept her features 
nearly concealed. But a close observation would reveal the 
fact that the woman had been weeping. Her eyes were 
inflamed and red, and .«he gazed eagerly upon the platform, 
while a shock of the glittei ing knife severed the head from 
the body of some who had been unfortunate enough to fall 
under the ban of the two leaders. The face of the woman 
was very beautiful, and she was young — certainly not more 
than sixteen or eighteen years of age. 

The other fnualewas quite different in character. Iler face 
was fair, but there was a brazen expression about it. She was 
clad in rags, and as each head fell she would dance and in 
various ways express her delight, and then exclaim: 

''There falls another aristocrat who refused me charity when 
I humbly sued him." 

Each expi'e^sion of thi< kind would create a laugh troni 
those who heard her. thnugb any thoughtful person must 
wonder how one so young could have been so depraved. 

The first female watched this creature a few moments, anil 
then pressing one hand to her side, she laid the other upon 
the shoulder of the wretch, and whi-^^pered: 

"Would you like to beeouie rich at once?'' 

The female in rags turi.ied aljout with a look of surprise, 
burst into a loud laugh, and then replied: 

'■(_)f course I wotild. " 

"Follow me, and you shall be '' 

"Enough. Lead on. ' 

It was with considerable difiic-ulty that the females extricated 
them.selves from the crowd; but they did .■•o at length, and 
then the first female a.'-keil the other: 

■'What shall I call you'/" 

"Oh, I am called the Begsrar Girl Marie.'' 

'"You live by begging'?" 

"Yes; but what's your name, and what do you want? ' 

"ily name is Marie, the same as your own." 

"Are you an aristocrat?" 

"That does not matter. If you know where we can find a 
room, lead me to it, and you shall have gold.'' 

The pauper letl the way into a narrow, filthy street, and then 
down into a daik and filthy room. 

The other female could not but feel a sickening sensation 
creep over her, but she recovered herself After contem- 
plating for a time the apartment and what it contained, she 
asked: 

"Are you well known in Paris?" 

"Y^es; everybody knows ;\Ia.ie the Beggar Girl." 

Are you known to Robespierre? If so, I want to make a 
bargain with you.'' 

"I am. What do you wi.sh? 

"Y'ou see that my clothing is better than your own, and I 
wish to exchange with you. I want you not to show yourself 
at all for a short time, or until I come to you again. A; 





J"Cr ^ E IN" I Xj E I2SrSTI^UCTOI^ 



S09 




recompense for aiding me I will give you a thousand francs, 
and when I come back I will give you a thousand more. As 
security for my return, take this ring." 

The lady drew a diamond ring from her finger and gave it to 
the beggar girl; then handed her a purse containing gold. 
The girl appeared a little puzzled, and asked: 

"Well, what are you going to do with my dress?" 

"I want to put it on, and go where I first met you." 

"Oh ! I understand now. You want to see the chopping go 
on, and you are afraid you will be taken for an aristocrat if 
j'ou wear that dress; you want to represent me. ' ' 

"Yes, I want to look as near like you as pns-ible." 

"Well, that won't be difficult. Your hair and eyes, and 
even your mouth are like mine. Your face is too white, 
though. But you can alter that with a little dirt." 

They exchanged dresses, ami soon the young, rich and noble 
Marie de Xantes was clad in the rags of Marie the beggar 
girl of Paris. The history of Marie de Nantes was a sad one. 
Her father and two brothers had fallen victims to the remorse- 
less fiends of the Revolution, and a third and last brother had 
been seized; but of his fate she was ignorant, although she 
expected that it would be similar to that of her other relatives. 
He had been torn from her but a few houj\s );e 'ire. After the 
exchange, the pauper looking on the stockiugless and shoe- 
less little feet and ankles of the lady, said: 

"That will never do. Your feet are too white and delicate. 
Let me arrange matters." 

In a few minutes 3Iane was preparet^ and in the filth and 
rags she emerged into the street. She now took her course 
back toward the guillotine, and at length reached the .'quare 
where the bloody work was still going on. Gradually she 
forced her way through the crowd, and nearer and nearer she 
came to the seaiTold. She even forced a laugh at several 
remarks she heard around her, but those laughs sounded 
strangely. She now stood within the platform, swept it with 
her eyes, but her brother was not there. The crj- was raised, 
"The aristocrats are coming!' 

Her heart fluttered violently, and she felt a faintness come 
over her, as she heard the tramp of the doomed men approach- 
ing. Her brother walked proudly and fearlessly forward, and 
ascended the steps that led to the block. Up to this moment 
the strength of the poor Marie had failed her, and she was 
unable to put her resolve into execution. But now a sister's 
love swelled up in her heart, and she recovered her strength. 
She sprang forward, bursting through the line of guai'ds, and 
ran up the steps. Gras|iing her brother by the hand, she said: 

"What does this mean? It is only the aristocrats who are 
to die." 

"Away, woman! " exclaimed one of the executioners. 
"No; 1 will not go away until you tell me why my brother is 
thus bound." 



^W. 



who arc 




"Your brother!" was the echo. 

"lam Marie; don't you know me? ' 

"The beggar girl?" 

"Aye." 

"But this is not your brothi;r. 
"He is. Ask him — ask him." 

Young Antonio de Nantes had turned a scoi'nful glance upon 
the maiden, but a light cro.'-.-ed his face, and he muniiured, 
"Oh, my sister!" 

Is this your brother?' asked Itobesiiierre of the supiiosed 
beggar, advancing toward her. 

"Hois." 

"Does Marie speak the truth?" a>kcd Boliospierre. 



"She does," was the brother's reply. 

"And you are not de Nante.s?" 

"I tell you I am her brother." 

'Why did you not tell us this before?" 

"I attempted to speak, but was silenced." 

"But yuu might have declared yourself." 

"You you might have believed me." 

"But your dre.ss?" 

"It belonged to an aristocrat — perhaps to him for whom I 
was taken." 

Eobe.^pierre advanced close to young Nantes, and gazed 
earnestly into his face; then ho aiijiroached Marie and looked 
steadily into her eyes for a .short time. It was a moment of 
trial for the poor girl. She trembled in spite of all her efforts 
to be calm. She almost felt that she was lost, when Robes- 
pierre, whose word was law, turned and said: 

"Release the man." 

The chains were instantly removed, and Antonio de Nantes 
walked down from the scaff'old, followed by his sister, while 
shouts rent the air, for they .supposed he was a commoner who 
had thus been saved. 

The young man worked his way through the crowd as rapidly 
as possible, leading 3Javie. They scarcely escaped it before 
tiie Door girl fainted from the intensity of her feelings. The 
brother scarcely knew what to do, but a hand was laid on his 
arm and a voice said: 

"Bring her to my room again; she will be safe th^re." 

The brother conveyed her to the apartment of the pauper, 
and asked of her: 

"Have you seen this female before?" 

"Yes, I know all about her," returned the pauper. "She 
has done it, and I am glad." 

Before the noble lady had returned to consciousness the 
brother had learned all. When she did so they both sought 
more secure quarters, after rewarding the beggar girl as 
promised. 

"Do you think Robesjiierre was really deceived?" asked 
Marie de Nantes. 

"I think not," replied the brother. 

"He saw your plan — he admired your courage. Could a 
fiend have done less?" 

"Perhaps that was the case; but if .so, it was a deed of 
mercy, and the only one that man ever did." 

"You are right." 

Antonio de Nantes was not again arrested, but lived hippily 
with that sister who had so nobly periled her own lite to save 
his by jiersouating the Beggar (nrl of Paris. 



Aktificial W.vnt.s. — Buhrer says that poverty is only an 
idea, in nine cases out of ten. Some men, with ten thousand 
a year, suffer more from want of means than others with three 
hundred. The reason is, the richer man has artificial wants. 
His income is ten thousand, and he suffers enough, from being 
dunned Iw unpaid debts, to kill a sensitive man. A man who 
earns a dollar a day and does not run in debt is the happier of 
the two. 

Ytiry few people who have never been rich \>ill believe this; 
but it is true. There are thousands upon thou.sands with 
princely incomes who never know a moment's peace, because 
they live boj'ond their means. There is really more happiness 
in the world among working i)eople than among those who are 
called rich. 



No man is free who does not command himself. 







SIO 



J"Cr'V"E:^ILEl in^STI?.TJOTOI^. 




^h^ |far^nil^ |(nstrttd0^» 



OEOROE Q. CANXON, 



EDITOR. 



SATUKDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 18T5. 





EIDITOI^Z^L THOTJO-HITS. 

. RESroENT GEORGE A. SMITH has 
been in poor health since last April Con- 
ference. About the time he came up 
from St. George, where he had spent the 
winter, he wa.? attacked with a severe 
cold. This prevented him from taking 
any part in the proceeedings of that Con- 
ference, except on one occa.sion offering 
prayer. His disease was thought by many 
to be entirely confined to his lungs; but 
there were features in his case which puzzled 
many to account for. He had great difSeulty in 
breathing when he laid down and went to sleep. 
'*" At such times the functions of the lungs were 
.seemingly suspended, and he would awake gasping 
for breath. He was, therefore, compelled to take 
the most of his sleep sitting up in an easy chair. 
Notwithstanding his sufferings Brother George A. 
bore up wonderfully well. He was always cheerful, no one 
ever heard him murmur or complain; and he retained his 
strength to the very last. Scarcely a day pas.sed without his 
faking exercise for an hour or two in a carriage in the open 
air. 

During the last night of August he was very restless, and 
was up and down many times, sometimes lying on the bed, 
sometimes sitting in a chair. In the morning he dressed him- 
self and walked out of his bed-room into the front sitting-room. 
It was while sitting there in a chair, at 40 minutes past 8 o'clock 
in the moruing of Wednesday, September the first, that his 
spirit took its flight. He died peacefully and without a strug- 
gle, and retained his consciousness up to the last moment of his 
existence here. Thus passed away from this mortal sphere a 
pure and noble spirit, an apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, a 
prince in Israel and a most faithful laborer in this last dispen- 
sation. Much might be said in praise of President George A. 
Smith; but the Spirit never leads men to glory in their fellow- 
men, or to extol their merits; on the contrary, it teaches us to 
ascribe all the praise, the honor and the glory of our salvation, 
and the L'ood deeds which bring salvation, to God and the 
Lamb. ^Ve may say this, however, of our beloved brother: 
that none who knew him, and who loved honesty, simplicity 
and integrity, could fail to love him; for his whole life was 
filled with acts of unselfish devotion and he was an upright 
man. He was endowed with remarkable abilities, and they 
were always used in the service of the Lord. His age at the 
time of his death was f S years, 2 months and 5 days. 

The life of Brother George A. Smith affords an excellen*' 
example to the boys and young men of the Church. He was 
but a boy when his parents and himself heard the gospel and 
embrace'l it. He loved the truth from the time he first heard 
it, and deemed it an high honor to be its advocate. He grew 
to manhood with this feeliiii:; and as he gave his heart to the 
Lord and served Him with all his might, the Lord blessed him. 
Before he was twenty-two years of age the Lord chose him to 
an apostle. He gave him great influence, made him wise 



s 



in counsel and fearless in action and crowned his labors with 
success. At the death of President Heber^C. Kimball, th« 
first counselor to President Brigham Young, he was chosen to 
act in that position, which he did up to his decease. 

President Smith has gone to the paradise of God, there to 
await the morning of the first resurrection when his body will; 
ba called from the grare. 



^iq J|iisettttt 



BT BETH. 



IT is generally the case that when death separates us from a 
friend we discover our loss. As a friend and benefactor to 
om Deseret Museum no one was more conspicuous than our 
belo'^ed brother, now departed. President George A. Smith. 
But no one knew it but the attendant of the Museum, who 
will never forget the liberality, urbanity, frankness and child- 
like simplicity <>f our lamented brother. 

It was cheering ^o witne.ss the entry of "Brother George A.' 
as he was familliarl^'' called, introducing a friend or visitor to 
our city to the Museum. Every attractive feature of each 
cabinet was pointed out in * sparkling, easy and effective 
manner. The history of eve."^'*''i'ng pertaining to this Terri- 
tory, or the eariy days of the J'liureh, was so well known to 
him that the sight of objects instan.''5' brought forth a stream 
of narrative that was truly enchanting'- Especially did our 
brother delight in pointing out the eariy e 'vidences of industry; 
our remarkable natural products, among wh ^^h the "first nug- 
get of gold found by one of our people in Bi''»gl'am- Canyon" 
was invariably pointed out and moralized upon. This remark- 
able nugget was presented by President George . ^- ^^th to 
the Museum. It weighs a quarter of an ounce, .'^^'^ tliree 
hundred dollars was expended in mining for it. Besi '^^^ ^^^~ 
was presented one of the "milled dollars" found at West 
Point among a number of the same kind that were suppo^'^^ 
to have passed in revolutionary times. It was given to Presi- 
dent George A. Smith by a distinguished visitor to this city. 
No particular notice could be taken of these donations by 
the jiublic press at the time, as our brother was one of those 
who 

"Do good by stealth, and Ijlush to find it fame." 

On the visit of President Smith to Palestine several valuable 
silver and other coins were collected by him. They had been 
folded carefully to prevent them being abraded, and on his 
return were brought by him to the Museum. On being 
thanked by the curator, who intimated how valuable an acqui- 
sition they were to the coin cabinet, the only reply was, "I 
would have collected more for our Museum if my finances had 
admitted it." On being told on another occasion that fifty 
dollars had been offered by a vLsitor for one of the coins he 
had given he manifested no surprise. He only answered, "Ah! 
I knew it was valuable." 

The public notice here given of these acts of munificence 
cannot offend the donator now; and they deserve to be recorded 
among the notices of "Our Museum." 



The greatest man is he who chooses the right with invincible 
resolution; who resists the sorest temptation from within and 
without; who bears the heaviest burden cheerfully. 





arTJ"v^H]isriii.E xn^sTi^TJouroi?.. 




sii 



OOIjTJjyilBTJS. 




CHRISTOPHER COLOMBO, Or Colon, better known by the name 
of Columbus, was born in Genoa, about the year 1436. 
His father was a wool-comber. Columbus was the oldest of a 
family of four. Of his early life yery little is known, though' 
he appears to have received a good education. He was such 
a proficient in drawing and painting that it is said he could 
hare earned a 
lirelihood b y 
them. He pre- 
ferred to go to 
cea as a sailor 
rather than be 
a wool-comber. 
For many years 
he was only a 
common sailor, 
but afterwards 
became master 
of a Tfissel. 
His Toyages 
were principal- 
ly upon the 
Mediterranean. 
When he wa> 
thirty-foui 
years of age he 
was described 
as being above 
the middle size 
and of strong 
and muscular 
frame. His 
visage was long, 
his nose aqui- 
line, his eyes ol 
a bluish gray, 
his complexion 
fair but some- 
what red. His 
hair in youth 
was reddish, 
but before he 
■was thirty year.s 
of age it had 
turned quite 
white. He was 
a skillful navi- 
gator, and was 
an ardent stu- 
dent. He mar- 
ried tlie daugh- 
ter of a famou.- 
navigator, and 
inherited all hi." 
eharts, travels, 
etc. After set- 
tling at Lisbon, he followed ttie oi^cupatioii of drawing maps and 
.oliarts. It was probably while following this profession that 
his ;nimt became filled wich the idea that a route to India 
might ,be found by .sailing westward. Many things contributed 
to f^steij jthis upon his mind, and at last the conviction became 
Svtf,ong,^at he felt that hu was destined by God for the 




great work of discovering a new world. This agrees with the 
Book of Mormon, which expres.sly states that he was moved 
upon by the Spirit of God to accomplish this work. 

He first applied to the King of Portugal, next to the Genoese 
government, and then, probably, to the Venetian government. 
He also applied to the King of England. He finally applied 
to King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella, of Spain. Ferdinand 
had all the wise men of Spain as,sembled to listen to the argu- 
ments of Col- 
umbus. Some 
of them argued 
that he must be 
wrong, saying 
that it was not 
in the nature of 
things that one 
man could know 
better about 
such things 
than all the 
rest of the 
world. When it 
became known 
to the people 
that he had 
such ideas in 
his head, even 
the children as 
he passed along 
the street would 
call him the 
mad Italian. 
He remained in 
Spain several 
years without 
being able to 
obtain the de- 
sired aid, but 
at last Queen 
Isabella became 
interested in his 
IHXijeot. Arti- 
cles of agree- 
ment were en- 
tered into and 
signed by the 
KingandQueen 
on the ITth of 
April, 1492. 

Three vessels 
formed the ex- 
peilition, and 
only one of 
them was full- 
decked; the 
other two were 
light barks, 
called caravels, 

no better than coasting cralt of otir days. They were open and 
without deck in the centre, and built up high at the'prow^and 
stern, with fore-castles and cabins for the accommodation of 
the crew. The large vessel was called the Saiita Maria, on 
board of which Columbus hoisted his flag. The second was 
called the iV«;a and the third the A'ma. The whole 'of tf 





Sl-S 



a"cr^EiiNri2_iE i:isrsTi?.TJOTOi^. 




offic'ew and crevr, iucUulin^' Columbus, amounted to one 
hundred and twenty persons. When Columbus set out upon 
this vo\ age he was fifty-six years of age. He set .sail on the 
3rd of August, 140:2. After sailing for some time to the west- 
ward his cr^ws became alarmed at the distance they 
had sailed and murmured against him. Iji faot they were 
determined to return to Spain, and s ime of them even went 
so far as to propose to throw him overboard; but some of his 
oiEcers stood by him. As time elapsed, however, without 
getting in sight of land, even the officers became infected 
wth the fears of the men and they assembled on the deck and 
required him instantly to tack about and return to Jlurope. 
He finally promised them that he would comply with their 
request provided they would obey his command for three days 
longer, and if during that time land was not discovered, he 
would direct his course to Spain. 

Oa the lith of October land was discovered, and .so delighted 
were his people that they threw themselves at his feet with 
feelings of self condemnation mingled with reverence. They 
implored him to pardon them, and now pronounced him to be 
a person inspired by heaven. Columbus was the first Euro- 
pean to set his foot in the new world which he had discovered. 
This land was one of the Ij.ihama Islands. The people whom 
they f.iund believed the Spaniards to be more than mortals, 
and to have descended immediately from heaven. While at 
the island of Hayti a pilot carelessly left the helm to an inex- 
l)erienjed cabin boy, and the ship was dashed to piece.s against 
the rocks. Columbus was in bed at the time. He succeeded 
in saving all the people and everything of value, but this com- 
jielled him to leave some of his crew upon the island. Ou his 
return with liis two ships to Spain he t.ook back with him 
considerable gold which he had collected from the natives, 
and specimens of all the productions which were hkely to be 
subjects of commerce, as well as many unknown birds and 
other natural curiosities and a number of the natives. When 
he landed, which he did a little luoie than seven mouths from 
the time of his departure, the people of Spain were greatly 
excited. He was' received with great honors by the king and 
queen and the nobles, and when he exhibited the natives and 
all the things ho had brought with him, the whole assembly 
fell upon their knees, and songs of praise w^ere sung by the 
ch(/ir. Tlie news of the great discovery which he had made 
siiijn spread over p]urope, and his name became at once eel. - 
brated all over the civilized world. 

Columbus made four voyages, and succeeded in reaching the 
South American continent. Upon his return from his last 
voyage he f juiid Queen Isabella dead; Ferdinand was jealous 
and ungrateful, and Columl)U> was reduced to such poverty 
tli;it lie Very frequently had not means enough to pay his reck- 
oning at an inn. He died on the 2iiih of May, l.-jO."). 




'Ill', i' Hilly a iirinter. ' Suc-li was the sneering remark of a 
leader of arisiouracy — the codQ.sh ari.stocracy. Who was the 
Kirl of Stardiop;.' Hi wj,s only a printer. What was Prince 
Krelerick Willi im — ;narried to the Princess Royal of England? 
II ;, too, was only a printer. Who was William Caxton, one 
of the fathers of literature? He was only a printer. Who 
were 0. P. Murris, N. P. Wilii-,, J. Gales, C. Hichardson, J. 
Harper. II irace (ireeley, Bayard Taylor, Charles Pickens, 
Thiers, .Icm-dld, Tieorge 1». Prentice, and Senators Dix, Came- 
ron, and Nile-? Tliey too, were jirinters. What was Benjamin 
Franklin? He, also, was a printer. Every one cannot be a 
rintei — brains are nocessari". 



3s^ O T H: E I^. 



" IIThat are you doing?" 

V y It was a very curious question, but for my life, I could 
not help asking it. 

There was a small boy, not over ten year.s of age, weeding 
onions in a big, hand.some garden, workng away, with all his 
might, and looking very hot and tired. 

'•I am working," he .said, looking up with a practical air. 

"Yes, I see, but for whom are you working?" 

"For Mr. Leslie, who lives up in the house there," pointing 
tj the beautiful edifice, which loomed up amonir the trees. 

"Who sent you to work here ?" 

"Mr. Leslie." 

"Do you like it?" 

"No." 

'Then why do you work?" 

"Oh, I'm working for mother. She works for me, and has 
worked for me, ever .siuce I was a baby, and now that I am get- 
ting big, I am working for her." 

I went away with a feeling that'I eould question him no 
farther. What more need we know of a boy, than that he fully 
appreciates his mother. 

Working for m ither— em-mbering all the while that .she 
had toiled for hiui, and that all his lie's most earnest labors 
could not repay he; for her tender love and care. 

We don't meet such boys every day. It is not pleasant to 
say so, but it is a po.sitive fact. 

Boys think more of play than duty, and would not weed 
onions on a holiday, for the best mother in the world. 

Bug when we do meet. such a boy, such a brave, manly, stout- 
hearted fellow, what can we say of him? 

Why, that he is the beginning of a grand, whole-soul' d man> 
who will make him,elf known and felt in the great world in 
which he will live. 

It is a glorious gift, to be able to fully appreciate mother. 
She is the best of all our earthly possessions. All our happi- 
ness, all our comforts, all our successes, we owe to her. When 
we, little helpless creatures, are lying in her arms, she loves 
and cares for us, even though t ) the world outside we are but 
atoms, mere bubbles upon the great ocean of humanity; and 
through all our peculiar trials, she bears with us, and loves us 
better than she loves herself 

What would we do with all our bumps and .scratches, all 
our hindrances and little trials, if it were not for her loving 
hands, and tender, encouraging words? Where would we find 
a balm, to heal our pains and aches? Where the care, to 
renovate torn trowsers, and dresses, and worn out socks ? 

Ah, me ! life would be full of terrible perplexities, were it 
not for mother. 

Every one of us comes to learn her worth when we lo.se her. 
We know then, what she was to us when here on earth. 

But how much better to learn it when she is here among us 
when we can repay her love and care, by our constant deeds of 
kindness! 

"Sly mind runs back to the little worker in the great garden, 
and the remembrance of him sets my brain to dreaming. 

Why, I can see that boy's future as plain as day. 

He will grow u]), and all the world will love and honor him, 
and when people wonder at his succes.ses, and advancements, 
he will tell them what I have heard many a good and great 
man .say: 

"I owe it all to mother. " And if she lives, we shall see a 
calm, quiet woman, with a peaceful happy fiice, who will al 





J"TJ^En^IILjE IlTSTI2.T7CTOI?>. 



cas 




ways talk of "my son," with a pride that only amother's heart 
can know. 

Oh, these mothers! How I love them, and how I honor these 
boys who love them. 

Boys, don't put mother away on the shelf, when you come 
into coats and tall hats. 

You are always her hoy just the very same that she rocked 
in her arms, and trotted to Banbury cross on her knee and you 
always will be, though she lives to see you a gray headed man 
with boj's of your own. 

Mother first, last, and always. 



BIK.IDS. 



(Continued.) 

T H E C (J N D K. 

THE Condcr has been long celebrated as a Goliath among 
birds, the expanse of its wings being set down at 
eighteen or twenty feet, :ind its ^t ength exagge a'td in the 
same proportion. In reality, the ex|ian.-^e of a larse Condor's 
wing will very seldom reai h ekv-n feet, and the average 





extent is from eiglit to nine feet, la one specimen, where the 
measurement of the extended wings was only eight feet one 
inch, the largest quill-feather of the wings was, two feet two 
inches in length, the diameter of the body was nine inches, 
and ti e total length from the point of the beak to tie 
extremity of the tail was three feet two inches. 

The Condor is an inliul^ilant of the mountain chain of the 
Andes, and is celebrated not only for its strength and di- 
mensions but for its liiv^ (if elevated localities. When en- 
joying the unrestricted advantages of its native homo it is 
seldom found lower than the line of jierpetual snow, and only 
seems to seek lower and more tem|ierate regions when 
driven by hunger to make .a raid on the tiocks or the wil 1 
quadrupeds of its native country. Although preferring 
carrion to the flesh of recently killed animals, the Condor is a 
terrible pest to the cattle-keepor, for they will frequently 
make a united attack upon a cow or a bull, and by dint of 
constant worrying force the jioor beast to succumb to its 
winged pursuers. Two of the.se birds will attack a deer or 
even the formidable puma, and as they direct their assaults 
hiefly upon the eyes, they .soon succeed in blinding their prey, 



who rapidly falls under the terrible blows which are delivered 
by the beaks ot its assailants. 



K»"-^»-- < » 



THIE ^I^T OIP I^JE^IISrTIiTa-. 



By EOLI.O. 



THE INVENTION. 

PRINTING has been callc'l the "Art Preservative of All 
Arts," and the term is well applied, even though it has 
not with certainty pre-rerved the name of its own discoverer. 
The point is very dubious, and several cities aiid jiersons have 
advanced claims to the honor ot the discovery. The cities of 
Haarlem, in Holland, and Mentz and Strasburg, in Germany, 
all claim the honor of the birthplace of the "Art Preservative. ' ' 

The honor of the discovery of the art is given to several 
persons. It is affirmed by some that one Co-tar has the ba.-t 
claim to the honor of the discovery, which was made about 
the year 1429, and that for some time after he began the 
practice of the art, he used wooden blocks or plates, on which 
he engraved in pages, the words for several small works. 
These he printed on only one side of vellum or jiaper, and 
doubled and parted the leaves together, thus forming them 
into books. But this can hardly be relied upon, and even 
granting that he diil .so, the books must have been very incon- 
venient and cumbersome. 

Although G-utenberg coutinuel w;>rk at Strasburg till 1-U4, 
and was in various employments, he made great efforts towards 
attaining the art of printing with cut metal typos, the method 
of making which was first to cast the shanks or bodies to a 
suitable size, and afterwards to engrave or cut the letters on 
them; he could not, however, bring the a- 1 to any degree of 
perfecvion. Letters of cut metal must have been very e.^ipen- 
.sive, and but very few works could possibly have pa.^^sed 
through the press until cast metal types were u>ed. 

The honor of the invention of printing from movable wooden 
types, however, belongs to the Gutenberg mentioned above, 
a native of iMentz, but living at Slrasburg, and the time is 
again conceded to have been iirior to 1440, and it is al-o 
asserted that Gutenberg .=pent ten year- in wir.king out his 
idea. It is agreed, however, without dispute, ihat about 
the year 14.=)0, Gutenberg, having previously removed to 
Mentz, entered into partnership with a person by the name of 
Fast, and that he I Fust I supolied a eori>iderable sum of money 
for carrying out, utilizing the 'uventiou and iiutting it in .suc- 
cessful operation. "And here," says a writer in the I'rinfers 
Cabinet, "again follows ob.scuiity. Yet it can .'carcely be 
([uestioned from proof adduced sixty years later, that Peter 
Sch.efl'er, the assistant of Gutenln'i'g and Fust, about the year 
1452, brought the art to groarer perfection by devising the 
easier method of easting type-i, but a discrepancy in the 
account mu.st be noted. By careless interjiretation it has been 
made to appear that SehajfFcr invenied the method of casting 
type in a matrix, when a strict rendition and without doubt a 
correct one, entitles him only to the credit of originating the 
punches of engraved steel by which the matrixes or moulds 
were struck. Yet this gives him very much, if not the great- 
est honor of inventing the art of printing. * ■■ ■' * But 
there is honor enough for all, and setting aside the claims of 
Costar as frivolous, we may briefly give the credit to Guten- 
berg, Fust and Sch;cff'er witlniut detrac ing one iota from the 
fame of cither, and hand thrir names down wreathed with 
glory for all titue. ' 

( To he Cnntinve'l_ ) 





S14 



JTJ"VEZ^ILE] in^STI^TJOTO le.. 




Onsr THE BIBI-iIE. 



FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON XCIV. 

Q__How many of the Phili.;tines gathered themselves together 
to fight against Israel' 

A.— "Thirty thousand chariots, and six thousand horsemen, 
and people as the sand wliich is on the sea shore in multi- 
tude." 

Q. — How did the men of Israel feeP 

A.— They "saw they were in a strait (for the people were 
distressed).'' 
0.— What did the people do'' 

A.— They hid themselves in caves, and thickets, and in rocks, 
and in high places, and in pits. 

Q.— Where did some of the Hehrews go to when they went 
over Jordan? 
A.— To the land of Gad and Gilead. 
Q.— How did the people feel that followed Saul'' 
A.— They went trembling. 
Q. — How many days did Saul tarry at (iilgal'' 
A. — Seven days. 

Q. — "Who had a]ipoin(ed that time? 
A. — Samuel. 

Q.— "What did the people do when Samufl came not at the 
expiration of the seven days'* 

A. — They scattered themselves away from Saul. 
Q.— "What did Saul do when Samuel came not" 
A. — He offered a hurnt offering. 

Q. — "What happened as soon as ."^aul had made an end of otier" 
ing the burnt oftering? 
A. — Samuel oamc 
Q._What did Saul do'' 

A. — He went out to meet him. that lie might salute him. 
Q.— "What did Samuel say to Sinil'' 

A. — "Thou hast done foolishly: thou hast n<'t kept the com- 
mandment of the Lord thy God.'' 

Q. — "What did Samuel tell Saul was the result of his dis- 
obedience? 

A. — That the kingdom should not continue with him, for the 
Lord had sought him a man after hi* own heart. 

Q. — "Where did Samuel go after he had told these things to 
Saul? 

A. — Ti> Giheah of Benjamin. 
Q.— "What did Saul then do" 

A. — He numbered the peojile that were present with him. 
Q. — How many were there? 
A. — Six thousand men. 

Q. — How many cimiiianies of the spnileri came out of tlie camp 
of the Philistines? 
A.— Three. 

Q. — AVliat was not found tliroughout all the land of Is- 
rael? 
A. — A smith. 

Q. — What reason did tlic Philistines give for this'' 
A. — "Lest the Hebrews ma!<e them swords or spears." 
Q — "What was the result of this policy on the pait of the 
Philistines" 

A. — "There was neither sword nor spear found in the hand of 
any of the people that were with Saul and Jonathan." 
Q. — But with whom were they found' 
A. — "With .Saul and with Jonathan his son" 
Q. — Who went to a garrison of the Philistines'' 
A. — Jonathan. 
Q. — "Who aoeompanie.l him? 
A. — His armourhoarer. 



TOiiestiotis am! m^nswers 

onsr THiE 
Booic OIF lyr o lE^ livdi o isT . 



IlEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON XCIV. 

Q. — Where did the Lamanites keep their Nephite prisoners? 

A. — In the city of Gid. 

Q. — What orders did Moroni give to Laman? 

A. — He ordered him to talie a number of men and go to this 
city. 

Q. — When Laman approached the city what did the guards do? 

A. — They hailed him. 

Q.— What did he say? 

A. — ' Fear not; I am a Lanianite, and we have escaped from 
the Xephites." 

Q. — With what feelings was Laman received by the guards? 

A. — With feelings of gladness. 

Q. — What did Laman take with him? 

A.— Wine, which he said he had taken from the iSTephites. 

Q. — When the Lamanite guards saw this wine what did they 
do? 

A. — Tliey were desirous of getting it. 

Q. — What did Laman say? 

A. — He wanted them to keep the wine for a time. 

Q. — What effect did this have? 

A.— It only made the Lamanites more desirous of getting it. 

Q. — When they got possession of this wine what did they do? 

A. — They made themselves drunk. 

Q.— When Laman saw them in this condition what did he do? 

A. — He returned to Moroni and reported what he had done. 

Q. — AVhen Moroni heard tliis what did he do? 

A. — He sent weai)ons to all the prisoners within the city. 

Q. — After this what did he do? 

A. — He surrounded the Lamanites with his army. 

Q. — AVhen the Lamanites awoke in the morning what did they 
see? 

A.— They noticed 'hit they were surrounded by the Nephites 
and Xephites were in possession of the city. 

Q.— What did they then do? 

A.— Tney gave up their weapons and Moroni took them 
prisoners. 

Q. — What did Moroni set the Lamanites to work at? 

A. — Fortifying the city of Gid. 

Q. — When this work was done where were the prisoners taken? 

A. — To the city of Bountiful. 

Q — Wha did the Lamanitss attempt to do? 

A. — They tried to poison the wine of the Nephites. 

Q. — How did the Nephites test the wine before using it? 

A. — They first gave some to their prisoners. 

Q. — What city did Moroni next prepare to attack? 

A. — Morianton. 

y. — What was its condition at that time? 

A. — It was well fortified and contained many troops. 

Q. — In what year were these preparatiims made? 

A. — In the twenty ninth year of tne reign of the Judges. 

Q. — What occurred in the beginning of the next year? 

A. — Meroni received an epistle from Helaman, giving an 
account of the warfare in the land of Anir..on. 

Q. — According to this account, what did Helaman do in the 
twenty-sixth year? 

A. — He marched with two thousand young men to the assist- 
ance of the city of Judea. 

Q. — Who was commander of the city? 

A. — Antipus. 

Q. — What is said about the army of Antipus? 

A. — It was greatly reduced, many having been taken prisoners 
by the Lamanites. 





Cr TJ ^ IE IN" I :LjE in^STI^TJGTOI?. 



S15 




THIS VILL^OE l^J^-yrOlEi.. 



From Cliamlers' Miscellany. 




( (Jontinued. ) 

HE went along the same path which the old woman had told 
me led to the hotel. This induced me to leave my seat and 
follow him, for I much wished to be acquainted with a man of 
whom I had in the last two days heard so mneh. But then, 
again, I had heard nothing but complaints of him; and had 
even witnessed his harsh conduct towards others, and I hesit- 
ated to follow him. He walked very quickly, and 1 did not 
overtake him. 

Presently I saw some peasants stop to speak to this strange 
man, and just as they left him I approached. He greeted me 
with politeness, and we talked of the weather and the crops. 
He answered all I asked in such well chosen language, and at 
the same time so modestly, that I saw directly that he was a 
man of cultivated mind. He said that the soil was not better 
than that of the surrounding country, but that it was better 
tilled. I exjn-essed my astonishment at that. 

"Every owner dwells here in the middle of his own posses- 
sions," said he, "and therefore can easily inspect his laborers." 

"But," said I, "these beautiful meadows?" 

"Y'ou have not perhaps noticed," answered he, "that all 
the meadows lie together, and that they are well watered. We 
have also good marl in the neighbourhood. In other places, as 
well as this, these things are to be had more or less; but people 
are often'idle or ignorant. Nature is a good mother to all; 
but men do not always give themselves the trouble to under- 
stand her, but prefer following their own conceits." 

This remark was too philosophical for a village mayor or 
schoolmaster. I stood still, and looked at his coarse gray irock 
and round black straw hat. There was something distinguished, 
I might almost say noble, in his face. 

He looked at me for a moment with a searching look, and 
then said: "Are you Mr. Rodern?" 

"lam!" exclaimed I, surprised, and looking at him more 
closely. 

He took my hand, and laughingly said : "You were formerly 
a slender young man — the delight of all the belles. 

I tried to draw away my hand, for I thought that one of his 
strange fits, of which so many had spoken, was come over him, 
but he held it fast,fand continued : "What a stout man you 
are grown! What good genius led you to Hard?" and he 
embraced me, adding: "Welcome here!^Do you not know 
me?" 

I was now really perplexed, and yet it struck me I had seen 
him before; suddenly I remembered who it was. "Engelbert!" 
I exclaimed. 

He answered in' the affirmative, and the sound of his voice 
recalled to my mind my college life. I embraced him with 
emotion, forgetting all the evil I had heard of him. 

He called to a little boy who was working in the next field, 
and said : "Run to my wife, and tell her I have found an old 
friend, who will breakfast with me. Let her set the table 
under the lime-tree, .with wine, fresh butter, white bread, and 
raspberry vinegar. ' ' 

1 now related to him my history since I left college; I told 
him what had^brought me t« Hard; and we conversed long upon 
many of our college companions. "And you," said I, "what 
is your history?" 

"And I," answered Engelbert smiling — "look at me. You 
see what I am — a countryman, and the mayor of the village iu 

lich 1 live." 



"How very remarkable!" said I. "How is it that you hide 
your noble talents in this unknown corner of the earth? Was 
it your free choice?' ' 

"My free choice." 

"Have j'ou been long here?" 

"Nineteen happy years. " 

"Tell me all — everything," said I, impatiently. 

' 'Another time. I see my wife under the lime-tree. You 
will see my family all together. Come and breakfast with us." 

We followed the path up the hill, and presently came to the 
lime-tree, under whose shadow sat an amiable-looking young 
woman, about thirty years of age, very slender, with pretty 
features, and clad quite simply. A child, scarcely six months 
old, lay upon her knee; another child sat at her feet, receiving 
some flowers from a red-cheeked, golden-haired boy of about 
four years of age. Two elder boys — the one seven, the other 
ten — were standing behind their mother, each with a book in 
his hand: they were dressed in coarse stuft', and were barefooted. 
The rest of the party wore linen dresses. 

The mayor introduced me to his wife, over whose face spread, 
at my salutation, a beautiful blush; he then plaj'fully asked 
her forgiveness for being su late at breakfast, pointing to me 
as his excuse. I soon became friendly with this charming 
family. The children themselves seated on the grass, round a 
wooden basin filled with fresh milk, which they ate with 
black bread. They placed before me white bread, fresh 
delicious butter, water, raspberry vinegar, and a flask of old 
Burgundy. 

"See," said Engelbert; "I have not forgotten your old dis- 
like to milk. ' ' 

All this appeared to me like a dream. The truly picturesque 
group before me — the unexpected meeting with Engelbert — 
the finding him living like a peasant among peasants — a man 
who, at the university, had been distinguished for his talents 
and for his knowledge — all this seemed too strange for reality. 
He was certainly odd ni some things when at college, but his 
companions thought him only whimsical, like many other youths. 
Who could have imagined that he, whose talents qualified him 
for the most glorious, the most shining career, would have ended 
by being a village mayor and schoolmaster! 

His Augusta (for so he called his wife J and his children loved 
him with inexpressible affection; and he fully returned their 
love. How could this man be so selfish, so unjust, so hard- 
hearted, as he had been represented to me? They said in the 
town that he was a millionaire. I doubted this ; for I knew 
that his parents had been, during his early life, in only mode- 
rate circumstances; and the clothing and food of himself and 
his family were remarkably plain. I wished to examine this 
strange character more closely. 

After breakfast we walked up the hill. 

"I am sorry I have not sufficient room to lodge you under 
my straw roof," said he; "but in the hotel you will find everj'- 
thing convenient. I have established a bath there, which is 
much frequented; hut as the bathing season does not commence 
until next month, you can have the best rooms in the hotel." 

The wheelwright had already taken my carriage into his 
hands, and promised that it should be ready in ten or twelve 
days; but the mayor requested him to lay aside all other work 
until this was finished. The surgeon had set Kruz's arm; but 
it still remained much swollen, and there was no hope of remov- 
ing him for another week. This involuntary delay was very 
welcome to me; for really Engelbert and his lovely family so 
pleased me, that I considered myself fully compensated for ths 
accident which led mo thither. I became more and more 





S16 cru'V"E!:N"iL:E] iiststi^tjotoieJ/. 




interested about this strange man, and was dail}' more convin- 
ced that few men were so happy as he. His house res3mbled 
that of any other peasant's, exeejit that it stood in the midst 
of a well-kept vegetable and flower garden: within the house 
there was the greatest oleauliness and simplicity. Not only 
Engelbert, but even his wife and children, slept upon couches 
of leaves and moss: the lin3u was coarse, but dazzliugly white, 
and always clean : they used at meals either wooden plates, or 
else tliose made of the commonest earthenware: their usual 
drink was water, ujilk, or weak beer. I went in one day at 
dinner-time. JMy friend received me with smiles, and I joined 
ia their repast. The fooil was go.^d. AVe had first a nutritious 
soup, then delicate vegetables, baked beef, black bread, and 
small-beer. This was all; but it seemed to me that I had never 
enjoyed a dinner more. The amiable mother sitting opposite 
to me, surrounded by her five red-cheeked children, Engelbert 
joking merrily with them, the droll prattle and the beaming 
ej-es of the little ones, the peace and content which reigned over 
all, made it .seem to me a dinner iu paradise. 

The best apartment was used as ju.stice-room and study. 
Here my friend, seated in his easy-chair, summarily dispensed 
ju-tico, and settled disputes among his neighbours. This room 
contained the only luxuries which the family pO'Ses.sed. A 
writins table stood at the wind )w, there was a small but choice 
collection of books, maps both of the earth and of the heavens, 
an eleelrifying-maehine, an air-pump, a galvanic and a magne- 
tic ajjparatus, and various philosophical and geometrical instru- 
ments. The study might also be called the drawine room of 
the establi.shmont; for here stood madame's piano, and iu an 
empty mineral cabinet lay her best a])parel. 
t To he C'ontoiiwi/.) 



AATOlSriDEK.IF'XJXj I^dlEIsdlOI?.'^. 




IX an old book of Biographical Sketches I find the story of 
John Franklin, born in Canaan, Litchfield county. Conn. 
An instance of his remarkable memory, when only fifteen years 
of age, will show his mental jiowers in that direr tiou. 

The meeting-house where the family worshiped was a mere 
shell, being neither ceiled nor plastered, with the beams and 
rafters all exposed. On a certain Sal bath John looked not at 
the minister, but sat gazing up at the bare ribs of the building. 
On his return home, said the father: 

'"John, it is my duty to give .you a severe flogging, and you 
shall have it after dinner, so be prepared." 

"But," said John, "you won't whiji me without telling me 
what it is for?" 

''No, certainly. Your conduct at meeting, sir, is the cau.se. 
Instead of attendins to the sermon you were all the time gap- 
ing and staring around as if you were counting the beams and 
rafters of the meetlng-hou:e." 

"Well, father, can you repeat the .sermon?" 

"Repeat it? — N(j. I had as much as I could do to watch 
your inattention.'' 

"If I'll tell you all the miui.>ter said won't you whip me?" 
asked the boy. 

"No, John, no; but that is impossible." 

Young Franklin immediately named the text, and taking up 
the discour.se went through every head and division of it with 
surprising accuracy. 

"Upon my word," cried the delighted parent, "I could not 
have believed it po.s.sible. ' ' 

"And now, father," said John, "I can tell you exactly how 
many beams and rafters there are in the meetinir-house. " 



Foil LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTOKY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THEPKOPHET. — LESSONXVII. 



Q. — What then was the real object of the officer having the 
search wan-ant.' 

A.— To get the plates' 

Q.— Did he find them? 

A.— No. 

Q. — What was next done to secure them? 

A. — Another officer was sent to search the wagon. 

Q.— Did he find them? 

A.-.\o. 

y. — When Joseph arrived in Penn.^ylvania, what did he do? 

A. — He began to copj' the writing from the plates. 

Q.- What then? 

A. — To translate them into the English language. 

Q. — What did he do with some of the first copies translated? 

A. — He gave them to a gentleman by the name of 3Iartin 
Harris. 

Q. — What did Martin Harris do with them' 

A.— He took them to Professor Anthon of New York. 

Q. — Who was professor Anthon? 

A. — A very learned man. 

Q. — What did he say about them' 

A. — He said they were correctly translated. 

Q. — What did Mr. Anthon say about the writings that Joseph 
copied from the plates? 

A. — He said they were true characters. 

Q. — What did he give him as proof of it? 

A.— A certificate. 



E 3Sr I G- ISdl J^ 



BY KdLLO. 



I AM composed of 16 letters: 

My 12, 9, 1.5 is what no man is guiltless of; 

My 1, 2, .3, If) is a nickname; 

My C, 16, 2, 5 is a metal; 

My 5, 7, 16 is what we all must do; 

My 2, 10, 3, 9, 6 is used by blacksmiths; 

My 16, 3, 4, 6 is what we should always refrain from; 

My whole is the name of a famous traveler. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 15 is Alcohol. 
We have received correct solutions from Lily E. A. Duke, 
Nelly T. Cooper, J. D. Irvine, Chas. B. Felt and W. T. Coop- 
er, Salt Lake City. 

^» -^- « » 

A GOOD conscience is to the mind what good health is to the 
body. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEIORCE O. CANNjN, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy., per Annum — — $2 00. 
5ce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Oflice should be directed, 
"LDiToa Juvenile Instructor." 




