
VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 1, 1884. 



NO. 11. 




ONE of the 
most perilous 
avocations that men 
engage ir is that of 
a sailor. It is one 
that appears not at 
all desirable, as the 
life of a sailor is 
continually in dan- 
ger. But thought- 
less boys are often 
enchanted with the 
wonderful stories 
they hear or read 
of men discovering 
unknown lands or 
peoples in distant 
parts of the earth ; 
and the desire is 
aroused within 
them to become 
sailors, and to be 
the heroes of some 
thrillingadventures 
on the great deep. 
They become blind- 
ed to the charms of 
home, and the 
pleasant associa- 
tions of friends and 
kindred, and, re- 
gardless of the 
counsel of their 
fathers, or the tears 
and pleadings of 
their mothers, they 
leave them all to 
vainly puivue the 
phantom of expect- 
ed fame and re- 
nown. The experi- 
ence of sucli boys 



GOING TO SEA. 




generally teaches 
them one great les- 
son which they ever 
remember, even if 
they do not profit 
by it. They soon 
realize the blessings 
of home after they 
have been tossed 
about on the ocean 
for a few days. 
And how many of 
them have wished, 
as they encounter 
the first storm dur- 
ing their voyage, 
that they had re- 
mained at home, 
where they would 
be safe from the 
destructive gale, 
and surrounded by 
the comforts and 
luxuries of life ! 
But, alas! it is too 
late to indulge in 
regrets. They are 
now doomed to 
reap the fruits of 
disobedience. They 
find thai the life of 
a sailor, in reality, 
is not so glorious 
a< they anticipated. 
Instead of being 
surrounded wiili 
the grand scenes 
they had dreamed 
of while at home, 
all was monoton- 
ous and devoid of 
interest. They saw 





16 2 



CTTT^nEZN-IIIlilE rUSTBTJOTOB. 




nothing before thein but hard labor and the surging billows. 

But many boys are forced to follow the sea for want of other 
occupation. They are unable to fiod employment at home, and, 
therefore, have to resort to this method of obtaining a livirjg 
and of supporting their aged parents. This is probably the 
case with the boy in the picture. Here we see him in the act 
of receiving a Bible which his mother is presenting him with 
previous to his embarking on the vessel which will carry him 
far away Irom the parental home, perhaps not to return for 
many months. She is also giving him her last words of 
counsel, and entreating him to read and observe the com- 
mandments and teachings contained in the precious book 
which she holds in her hand. The boy listens eagerly to the 
words of his loving mother, and her sorrow at the parting is, 
to some extent, alleviated by the belief that he will heed her 
counsel, and will return again in safety. 

It is fortunate for the youth of these valleys that they are 
not, through force of circumstances, compelled to follow such 
a hazardous occupation in order to procure a livelihood. But 
there are some few, however, in this Territory who, in a fig- 
urative sense, "go to sea," contrary to the wishes of their 
parents. That is, they leave their homes for other parts of the 
country, in search of fame or fortune, but invariably return 
in possession of neither one. Or, if they do not go away from 
home, they depart from the teachings of their parents and 
act contrary to their wishes. Young men of this class are a 
source of grief to their parents, and cause them much anxiety 
and uneasiness respecting their welfare. They cannot enjoy 
any happiness themselves, for happiness does not attend those 
who are disobedient. And if they ever obtain wealth or 
renown by taking such a course, (and it is very unlikely that 
they will) it will not prove a comfort or satisfaction to them. 
But, like those who run away and go to sea, they will ever 
feel that they have taken the wrong course, and the object for 
which they >et out is not to be gained in that way. 

Children may as well learn by the experience of others as by 
their own, (for it costs much less) that the best place on earth 
is home. I>o not be dazzled with the glare of foolish imagin- 
ation^ -.. that you cannot see the beauties that surround your 
own hornet. Remember that distance only lends enchantment 
to unrealities. If you want to find genuine happiness and 
pleasure, if you wish to gain real honor or wealth, seek them 
at home. 

E. F. I'. 



A VICTORY OVER SKLF. 




UNCLE JOE BARKER was a modest man. He never 
boasted that he had been ahero in more than one naval 
conflict; but when he visited hi- deter Mary, she said her 
boy kept the air blue with cannon-smoke. They made him 
till stories until at last he fancied they were thinking quite 
ton much of glory, and too little of principle. 
One nil/lit Ned said: 

il \i- one of the worst fights you ever had — the one that 
in up most c tmpletely." 
"Well, when [ was seventeen, years old" — 
Von were not in the navy then?" put in Tom. 

"In that year the battle was fonght I was at L , and 

up to that year I had l»en the best mathematician in my 

but at la-t 1 had a rival- -Howard by name. He was a 

snobbish, conceited fellow, clear-headed and cold-hearted. 1 



detested him from the first ; for if he ever gained the least 
advantage over me, he would sneer and take on great airs. 

"At the end of a year we were contending for two prizes — 
one for the best composition on a given subject, one for 
mathematical proficiency. I was quite confident I should 
get the first, for Howard's essays were unequal, sometimes 
rather original, but lacking always in finish and delicacy. 
When, however, I came to hear his read, I could not doubt 
the result; it was better than mine. There were exceedingly 
effective points in it, ideas we wondered at coming from him 
and of course he received the prize with many compliments. 

"It was a week before the other prize was to be given, and 
our rivalry became more earnest. This last was to be awarded 
after a new fashion that year. The mathematical class was to 
be thoroughly examined, and honor given to whom honor 
was due. Then those who sustained certain exceptional 
tests were to have four problems given them to solve in the 
presence of a committee. The one who worked correctly and 
did the four the quickest was to receive the prize. 

"A few days before the trial I found on the class-room 
floor a slip of paper covered with figures, the statement of a 
puzzling problem. The Professor's text-book was often full 
of such papers, and I did not once think of its being one of 
the four tests. I put it in my pocket, and — such things 
being always fascinating to me — I studied over it until I 
mastered it. I must have spent in all an hour on it, doing it 
at my ease as pleasant practice. 

"About that time I was much disgusted to hear a school- 
mate hint that Howard's older brother, who was in a German 
university, very likely did the best work on Howard's essay 
for him. He said the day the subject was given him he 
wrote to Germany, and he did not begin his es«ay until a day 
after a bulky paper came to him from Germany. I feared I 
had been cheated out of that prize, but there was no redress; 
to equalize matters, I must gain the other. 

"The day came. There were at first five of us competing; 
three soon were out, Howard and I were left. What was my 
surprise, then, to have given us the very problem I had found 
and already studied out! I said to myself, I will be fair. 
I will go about it as deliberately as if I were trying it for the 
first time, and must not make a mistake. I glanced up 
Howard was working well, confidently, but he had to think, 
to choose between methods, while my brain work had all been 
done before. 1 could show the whole problem finished in ten 
minutes and explain the why and the wherefore. When I 
stopped and smiled, Howard knew the prize was mine. 

"The Professor requested him to go on, and he finished it 
in twenty minutes — just twice as long as I had apparently 
been. Yet even in that time of silence and intense excitement, 
conscience kept whispering loudly: 'You know you really 
took an hour, and he has not taken half that time.' 1 
answered that then 1 had no motive for rapidity, or I could 
well enough have done it faster. In the ability to do it was 
the proper test, and I was able ; I had no help. Conscience 
said: 'No; the test is of the quickest thinker. Have you 
stood the test honestly ?' 

"Did Howard stand the essay lest honestly?' I answered. 
This, at the worst, only makes us square.' 

"The prizes were to be presented publicly that evening, 
but before I left the elass-room I was warmly congratulated, 
and saw Howard disappear full of rage. 

"Well boys, I went to my room, and then came this battle 
I tell of. There was no cannon-roar or streaming blood, but 
no conflict siuce ever cost me the mental struggle that one did. 




J"U""VEIsrT.3LiE! IUSTBTJOTOB. 



163 




"At last conscieaoe won the day, and I said I would go and 
tell the Professor the whole story. 

"And you lost the prize, after all?" 

"Yes, Ned." 

"Howard got, and kept both?" 

"Yes." 

"So your battle was a regular defeat, after all. How mean 
in him!" said Tom. 

"lam not sure of that. Self and Satan defeated means 
victory for truth and honor." — Selected. 



EARTH'S CREATURES. 



THE TORTOISE. 



NOT many of my young readers, perhaps, have ever seen 
a tortoise, or turtle, therefore I would advise you all to 
take a good look at the harmless little creature with which 
the boy is apparently playing. 







What does this picture tell us? It says to us plainly that 
the tortoise has a head, four legs and a tail; while on its back 
it carries its house. This shell-house, on the back of the 
creature, is very strong, so strong, in fact, that a wagon may 
run over it and the tortoise inside receive no injury. If we 
could turn the animal over, as those who hunt them do, we 
would find holes in the shell, one for the head, one for each 
leg and one for the tail. These holes are given to the tortoise 
that, in times of danger, it can draw itself inside of its house 
and be safe from the attacks of its enemies. It is more lucky 
than "Mormon" missionaries, for no matter where it may be, 
it always has a house to sleep in at night, and a place of shelter 
from stormy blasts. 



All animals which are at enmity with the tortoise, and, in 
fact, wheu the tortoises are at enmity with each other, they 
try to turn this shell-backed creature over. When lying on 
its back the tortoise is helpless and will die. 

We have probably read the fable of the tortoise and the 
hare. These two extremes of speed were chosen to run a 
race, and it so ended, as it always will end, that the one pos- 
sessed of the greatest endurance won the race. I need not tell 
you which one this was, for all who have ever chased the hare 
know how little is its power of endurance. Here, then, is a 
principle taught by the tortoise — endurance to the end. 

By the ancient Greeks the tortoise, or green turtle, was 
held as an emblem of beauty on account of its mildness and 
great endurance. On the island of Galapagos the turtle grows 
very large, so large that it requires the combined strength, of 
six men to lift it. How is it possible, then, with such ill- 
shaped legs and feet, and such a weight, to expect fleetness? 
Though slow of foot, yet the tortoise is quick to use all its 
means of defense. As I have said, at the time of attack this 
creature draws itself quickly into its shell where it very suc- 
cessfully resists every foe except man. Now, it would seem to 
me a very foolish thing on the part of the tortoise to run from 
its enemies, even though it possessed the speed of a deer, 
with such a fortress in which to take refuge. 

Well, but does the turtle have no degree of intelligence, 
except to know how to protect itself? It easily learns to 
know persons; and recognizes those who feed it from strangers. 
Here we find memory and discrimination exercised. In the 
formation of its nest, much skill is shown. These nests are 
something similar to the ovens used by semi-civilized tribes; 
not merely places scooped out in the sand. A nice, cosy spot 
is selected and, after the earth has been removed to form a 
nest, the eggs are deposited and then covered over to protect 
them from the chilly dampness of the tropical nights. This 
covering is arched, but is not thick enough to keep out the 
sun's warmth in the day. These nests are not put in any 
place where the tortoise may happen to be, but a suitable site 
is selected above high-water mark (the nests being on the 
shore of some stream or lake). These animals are possessed 
of wonderful tenacity of life. It is reported that one land 
tortoise lived and moved about with no signs of uneasiness 
for six months after having its brain taken out. The heart 
continued to beat and the blood to circulate in two of these 
creatures for twelve days after their heads had been taken 
off. 

Uncle Zepii. 



Cleanse The Skin. — It is a curious fact, illustrating the 
necessity of cleanliness, and of keeping the pores of the skin 
open, that if a coat of varnish, or other substance impervious 
to moisture be applied to the exterior of the body, death will 
ensue in about six hours. The experiment was once tried on 
a child in Florence. Oq the occasion of Pope Leo the Tenth's 
accession to the papal chair, it was desired to have a living 
figure to represent the Golden Age, and so a child was gilded 
all over with varnish and gold leaf. The child died in a few 
hours. If the fur of a rabbit, or the skin of a pig be covered 
With a solution of India rubber in naphtha, the animal ceases 
to breathe in a couple of hours. 

There is no royal road to real excellence, the law of labor 
is binding equally on genius and mediocrity. 



'^ 





164r 



CTTJ^rEsiNrini.E htstE/UOtob, 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



TEMPLE BUILDING. 




THE ground for the Logan Tomple was dedicated under the 
direction of President Brighain Young, Brother Orson 
Pratt being mouth in prayer, on the 18th of May, 1S77. Pres- 
ident Young pushed his labors forward with far more than 
ordinary zeal for a short time before his death. The Temple 
at St. George had been completed and conference held in it on 
the preceding 6th of April. On his return from that confer- 
ence the site for the Temple at Manti was designated and 
dedicated. Then proceeding north at the time stated he com- 
menced the preparation for the erection of the Temple in 
Logan. In the meantime he had been busily engaged organ- 
izing Stakes of Zion ; and it was during his last illness, just a 
few hours before his death, that Presidents Taylor, Biehards 
and Carrington returned from organizing the last Stake. 

Seven years have been occupied in the construction of this 
elegant building at Logan. The Temple is 171 feet long, 95 
feet broad and 86 feet high to the square, with an octagon 
tower 1 00 feet high at each corner, and a large, square tower at 
each end, the western one being 165 feet high and the eastern 
1 70 feet to the top of the vane. 

This was the length of time consumed in the erection of 
Solomon's Temple. Of course, there can be but little com- 
parison between the Temple of Solomon and the Temple just 
completed at Logan, except that both were designed for the 
solemnization of ordinances pertaining to man's salvation ; 
but considering the position of those who built those Temples, 
the work at Logan calls forth admiration equal with that 
at Jerusalem in the days of Solomon. The Logan Temple has 
been built by a people who have not accumulated an abun- 
dance of this world's goods. Many of those who have contrib- 
uted to its erection came here as exiles from religious perse- 
cution with but scarcely sufficient to sustain life till they 
brought forth from the elements that which was necessary for 
their support; and others have been people who have come 
from distant nations in obedience to the command of God, 
and who have either been helped here by their co-religionists 
or who came here with but very little means. The Temple is a 
standing monument of the faith and devotion and the unselfish- 
ness of the members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, especially those comprised within that Temple district 
—the Stakes of Cache, I>"x Elder and Pear Lake — including 
who now are formed into the Oneida and Bannock 
-'ikes. 

II ow different the circumstances which surrounded the people 
of [Brae] who contributed to the erection of Solomon's Temple! 
Four hundred and eighty years had elapsed from the time of 
their exodus from Egypt The nation was exceedingly numer- 
08, and during that period had increased immensely in 
wealth. This made the erection of that building (the most 
elegant and costly structure, perhaps, the world had, up to 
that period, ever seen) one of comparative ease. David, 
during his long reign, had accumulated treasures for the 
express purpose of building a house unto the Lord : these 
were bequeathed to his son Solomon with the duty and labor 
of its erection. Wealth poured into Solomon from every 
hand. The early pari of his reign was unsurpassed for glory 
and prosperity. It is -aid. "All the kings of the earth soughl 
his presence to hear the wisdom that Cod had put in his 




heart, and they brought every man his present — vessels of 
silver and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness and spices, 
horses and mules," etc. We are told that he surpassed all 
contemporaneous kings in riches and wisdom. With him 
silver was so abundant that he made it in Jerusalem as common 
as stones, and cedar trees were as abundant in that city as syca- 
more trees were in the low plains. 

The Temple of Solomon was distinguished for the grandeur 
of its architecture, for the abundance of the precious metals 
that were used in its adornment, and the value of the 
precious stones and rich gems with which it was ornamented. 
There is scarcely room to doubt that the surrounding nations 
took pattern from this style of architecture in erecting temples 
for their gods, and that it gave all the world ideas about 
architecture that it otherwise would not have had. It is said 
of that Temple, that all its arrangements were identical, and 
the dimensions of every part exactly double those of the 
Tabernacle. The Holy of Holies in the Tabernacle was a 
cube, ten cubits each way: in the Temple it was twenty cubits. 
All the dimensions of the Tabernacle were exactly doubled in 
the Temple. The Tabernacle had been designed expressly 
for the service of the Lord according to the revelations which He 
had given. The Temple also was built with the same object 
in view. The spoil that was afterwards taken from Solomon's 
Temple was highly valued by the conquerors of Jerusalem. 
We have an illustration of this given to us in the 5th chapter 
of Daniel. Bclshazzar, the king, made a great feast, and he 
ordered the golden and silver vessels which his father Nebu- 
chadnezzar had taken out of the Temple at Jerusalem, to be 
brought out of his treasure house, that he and his princes, 
his wives and his concubines might drink therein; and while 
thus feasting and partly intoxicated, praising their gods 
of gold and silver, etc., the fingers of a man's hand were 
seen writing upon the wall the fate of that king and his king- 
dom. 

When Cod inspired Cyrus to cause the Temple at Jerusalem 
to be re-built, these vessels of gold and silver were brought 
forth and were returned to Jerusalem. Zerubbabel, assisted 
by Ezra and others, in the midst of interruptions, finally com- 
pleted the building in the days of Darius, one of the succes- 
sors of Cyrus. This was the second time the Temple was built. 
It was again destroyed and again re-built by Herod, which 
was the Temple that stood in the days of the Savior. 

It is remarkable how wealth poured into the hands of those 
who undertook this work of Temple building. In the 
case of Solomon we arc told what vast treasures accumulated 
in his hands. Similar results appear to have attended the 
building of the second Temple. In the seventh chapter of Ezra 
it will be seen how God moved upon the heart of Artax- 
erxes to contribute liberally towards the erection of that build- 
ing. Speaking to Ezra, in his letter, he says, "And to carry 
the silver and gold, which the king and his counselors have 
freely offered unto the God of Tsrael, whose habitation is in 
Jerusalem, and all silver and gold that thou canst find in all 
the province of Babylon, with the free-will offering of the 
people and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of their 
God which is in Jerusalem; And whatsoever 

shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the 
rest of the ,-ilver and gold, that do after the will of youri rod. 
The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the 
house of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of Jeru- 
salem. And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house 
of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow 
it out of the king's treasury house." 




It seemed as though the labor of Temple building was so 
acceptable to the God of heaven that He put it into the hearts 
of kings and others to be liberal and to lavish their treasures, 
not only upon the house itself, but to aid those engaged in 
building the house. 

Among the Nephites, the work of Temple building 
demanded great attention. Nephi, himself, before he 
died, had erected a temple after the fashion of that of 
Solomon excepting that it was not so richly adorned, and we 
find numerous allusioDS to Temples in various parts of the 
land afterwards among the Nephites. 

In our day Temple building has been attended with wonder- 
ful results in the case of the Latter-day Saints. Not only 
have the people been blessed with the blessings of heaven and 
with the increase of spiritual gifts and power, but they have 
been rewarded with an increase of temporal prosperity. This 
was the case in Kirtland, and, as to spiritual power and gifts, in 
Nauvoo also. It was with difficulty that the house was com- 
pleted in Nauvoo sufficiently to be dedicated before the Saints 
were driven — yet an era of prosperity, such as the Saints had 
never witnessed, then began, and which has continued until 
the present time. 

The Temple at St. George was not only attended by an 
increase of power, and the manifestations of God, but those 
settlements that were principally engaged in its erection were 
greatly prospered in that labor. A visit to the north cannot 
fail to impress every one with the fact that God's favor has 
been shown unto the people to an extraordinary extent who 
have been engaged in the construction of the Logan Temple. 

The completion of this building brings the people nearer to 
heaven, and there is no labor that I know anything of in 
which the Latter-day Saints can engage that is more likely to 
result in greater temporal prosperity than this labor of Temple 
building. With all the efforts of our enemies to retard the 
work of God it rolls steadily forward. The faith and zeal 
which the Saints manifest in carrying out the commands of 
the Lord, undismayed by the threats of their enemies, meets 
with divine approval in the outpouring o p great blessings 
upon them, and it seems at the present time that we are enter- 
ing upon a career of prosperity both spiritual and temporal, 
such as this Church has never witnessed, and this, too, in 
face of a wide-spread opposition such as the Church has never 
had to contend with. 



Too Safe a Safe — A mechanic in New Orleans con- 
structed a safe which he declared to be burglar-proof. To 
convince the incredulous of the fact, he placed a one-thousand- 
dollar bill in his pocket, had himself locked in the safe, and 
declared that he would give the money to the man that unfast- 
ened the door. All the blacksmiths and burglars in the 
State have been boring and beating at that safe for a week, 
and the man is in there yet ! He has whispered through the 
key-hole that he will make the reward ten thousand dollars if 
somebody would only let him out. Fears are entertained that 
the whole concern will have to be melted down in a blast-fur- 
nace before he is released ; and efforts are to be made to pass 
in through the key-hole, a fire-proof jacket, to protect the 
inventor while the iron is melting. The inventor says that, 
if he once gets out, he will, in future, always try the experi- 
ment with a rival patentee inside. He says he never thought 
he should wish, as he does now, that some one would find a 
weak place in his armor. — Ex. 




HEROISM OF A WOMAN. 



A LL Andalusia had been conquered by Joseph Buonaparte 
■f"*- before Massena invaded Portugal, except the town of 
Cadiz and Isla da Leon, on which it stands. In March, 181 f, 
Marshal Victor blockaded the Isla with immense works; the 
whole province being held by Soult and Sebastian with a large 
army. A British and Portuguese force, under General Graham, 
was marched into Cadiz to reinforce the Spanish garrison. 

The little fort of Matagorda, without a ditch, and not bomb- 
proof, was entrusted to a garrison of British seamen and sol- 
diers under Captain McLean. It was close to the French lines 
at Trocadcro, and was instantly cannonaded. A Spanish 
seventy-four and a flotilla co-operated in the resistance till 
March 21st, but then a hissing shower of heated shot made 
them cut their cables, and run under the works of Cadiz. A 
fire of forty-eight guns and mortars of the largest size was then 
turned on the fort, the feeble parapet of which was soon shot 
entirely away, leaving only a naked rampart and gallant hearts 
for its defense. The brave tars and soldiers fell fast under the 
rapid and heavy firing, which was so close that a staff bearing 
the Spanish flag was broken six times in the course of an hour; 
the colors were then nailed to an angle of the work itself, 
though the men entreated that the Union Jack might take the 
place of the banner of Spain, the sailors crying out that they 
were slaughtered because they fought under a foreign flag. 

While this hail of cannon-balls poured on the devoted fort, 
a sergeant's wife, named Retoon, was in a casemate tending 
the wounded men. Water was required, and a little drummer 
was ordered to fetch some from the well of the fort. The 
motherly, tender-hearted woman saw that the child hesitated 
and looked pale. She snatched the bucket from him, and 
went out herself, walking bravely through the shower of shot. 
A shot cut the bucket-cord from her hand; she picked up the 
bucket, went to the well, and returned undaunted with her 
welcome supply. 

For thirty hours the British endured this "pounding," as the 
duke was wont to call it, and sixty-four men had fallen out of 
one hundred and forty; when Graham, finding a diversion 
which he had projected impracticable, sent boats to carry off 
the survivors. 



Playing Truant. — We never knew a boy in the habit of 
playing truant, and wasting the golden hours of youth, to 
become a great and distinguished man. Most often the idler 
of early life is the laggard in the world's race. Truly happy 
is the boy whom parental or friendly care saves from this 
alluring danger of youthful days. The reason why truancy is 
so serious an evil is not the loss of a day or two at school now 
and then, or any other immediate or direct consequence of it, 
but because it is the beginning of a long course of sin ; it 
leads to bad company, and to deception, and to vicious habits; 
it stops the progress of preparation for the duties of life, 
hardens the heart, and opens the door for every temptation 
and sin, which, if not closed, must bring the poor victim to 
ruin. These are what constitute its dangers. 



A quiet conscience causes a quiet sleep. 
In the company of strangers silence is safe. 





1.66 



0"TJ"VE1^TIX J E IITSTBTJOTOB, 




THE HOLY GHOST. 



BY JOHN E. CARLISLE. 



WEEN Jesus was personally present with the disciples it 
seems that the influence of His presence and teachings 
answered the purpose of the Holy Ghost to them. Before 
His departure He promised them the Comforter, telling them 
what it should do. He also told them to tarry at Jerusalem 
until they were endowed with power from on high. The 
promise Peter made on the day of Pentecost would indicate 
that he appreciated highly the gift of the Holy Ghost in the 
work of salvation. He knew of its office work in aiding 
and guiding unto salvation those who received it. 

The difficulty of resisting the temptations, which constantly 
present themselves to human beings, without the aid of some 
higher power than that of man, is easily understood. That 
God provided a plan by which men receive help in doing His 
will — through the Holy Ghost — is evident. The history of 
man demonstrates that unless he is continually encouraged 
and sustained he will very soon forget his obligations unto God. 
The gifts and blessings of the Spirit constantly remind men 
of the watchcare of the Father ; they encourage him to con- 
tinue serving the Lord, and thus tend toward perfection. 
Without the fruits and intelligence of the Spirit being made 
manifest, we would be in total darkness regarding God, His 
laws or the plan of salvation. We could not know for our- 
selves that the gospel is true. We learn from the revelations 
of John that the testimony of Jesus is the Spirit of prophecy. 
The possession of the testimony of Jesus would indicate the 
possession of the Holy Ghost. "No man can say that Jesus 
is the Lard, but by the Holy Ghost," That the possession of 
the Holy Spirit is the very essence of religion, or of the gospel, 
none should deny. From it come the gifts and blessings, and 
without them what have we? 

Seeing the necessity of this gift the question is, how can it 
be received ? The plan evidently taught by the apostles, was 
by the laying ou of hands, as witnessed in the eighth and nine- 
teenth chapters of the Acts of the Apostles and found in the 
sixth chapter of Hebrews. The ordinance was performed by 
those having authority. Peter and John had to go to Sama- 
ria and lay hands upon certain ones in order that they might 
receive the Holy Ghost. Peter anil John held a Priesthood 
which gave them the right to officiate in that ordinance, 
who had baptized these Samaritans evidently did not, 
or they could have also laid hauds upon them for the recep- 
tion of the Holy Ghost. 

In proof that it requires proper authority to lay on hands 
for the reception of the Holy Ghost, an incident which took 
in the mission Geld occurs to my mind : 

\ number oi years ago, a person who held only the i Hire of 
;i Priest, which pertains unto the Aaronic Priesthood, was left 
in a field without the company of an Elder for a time. Through 
iirnorance, doubtless, he baptized and confirmed a number of 
ins. All of those persons, I was told, who thu- had had 
d them, apostatized. The Priest had authority 
to baptize them but not to confirm. Consequently wo can 
reason why the blessing wa- not bestowed. 

The lack of authority explains the reason why the world 
not receive this principle. It would indeed be sari to 
think, that knowing this lack of authority, they would assume 
to act in -" n ordinance. The blessings would not be 

received if they did and they would soon prove to be impostors. 
The followititr passage is often referred to in order to show 




that the fruits of the Spirit are not needed to-day : "Charity 
never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; 
whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be 
knowledge it shall vanish away." (7. Cor. xh'i, 8.) The fol- 
lowing passage shows when that, time shall be : "But when 
that which is perfect is come, then shall that which is part be 
done away." 

At best we only enjoy the fruits of the Spirit in part in our 
human condition. The perfect time has not yet come, conse- 
quently we need the aid of the gifts of the Spirit in preparing 
us for that time. That the Holy Ghost is received by persons 
in this day who have complied with the laws, and who have 
had hands laid upon them bv those who held authority, the 
Latter-day Saints can bear witness. That God does not recog- 
nize the ordinance nor confer the blessing, when performed by 
one who has received no authority, is also true. It is also 
evident that a religion without the Holy Ghost would be a 
mere form without the power. 



VANITY 



What is vain man, thnt he should boast 
Of what he owns or what he knows ! 

The hour that gives the next is lost ; 
To-day may weave to-morrow's woes. 

Our earthly dreams that tow'r so high 

To foster fancy's ardent flow, 
A gust of fate that hurries by 

May smite their pomp and lay them low. 

O, what a temple, great and grand, 
Of dazzling things the mind has reared, 

To flutter ev'ry rank and state, 
Since man, the creature, first appeared ! 

And yet, how proud and confident 
And ru>li i> man within himself! 

Bow panting, selfish and intent 
To trust the treach'rous reeds of pelf! 

Were half the energy bestowed 

On charity, that thus is -pent 
Bow many hearts, with lighter load, 

.Might breathe the rest of sweet content I 

How subtle are the snares of pride ! 

How lurid are the gates of -in ! 
Shedding their glimmer far and wide, 

To lure their hapless victims in. 

How better far I' would be if man 
Would build a citadel of might, 

w :'ii God, his Architect to plan 
The way ami means to build it right! 

Than vainly bund upon the sand 
A sti eak, that storms wild 

Will surely sweep, with ruth less hand, 
And leave him chidden and beguiled. 





J-TT^ZEZEnTIIILIE iustbuctor ( 



167 




A MOUNTAIN TALE. 



BY J. H. W. 

THE golden rays of a September sun were declining in the 
west as five young men, lying stretched on the green 
sward beside a canyon stream, were cheerfully chatting of 
the past, the present and the future. Born and reared in 
Utah, beneath her clear skies and amid her grand old mountains, 
they knew little of the outside world, its scenery, its people, 
and modes of thought. Their days had been spent in tilling 
the soil, cutting wood and lumber in the canyons, or driving 
their herds and flocks to pasture on the mountain side. 

While thus merrily chatting a horseman was seen in the 
distance. As he approaches they perceive that he is 
from their own settlement. A few moments later he 
dismounts and after the usual salutations he draws from his 

pocket two letters, one of which he hands to Henry R , 

the other to George B . A momentary pause ensued, 

then Henry read his letter, which was as follows : 



" Utah, 

"September 13th, 187—. 
"Dear Hknry: — I have just received a letter from Presi- 
dent Young, requesting you to prepare for a mission to the 
States. You know my mind on such matters. Should you 
conclude to go, your brother, who takes this letter to you, will 
take your place in attending the herd. My health is good and 
I have no doubt 1 shall be able, with the aid of your sister and 
little brother, to manage the farm. Seek counsel from on 
high, and do your duty. 

"Your father, 

"William R ." 

The young men gazed at each other in silence. A crisis in 
their lives had arrived. To say they were surprised would 
not describe their feelings. In a moment their ideas under- 
went a great change. Hitherto they looked upon themselves 
as boys, now they perceived that they must assume the res- 
ponsibilities of men. Thus far they had held the position of 
scholars. Now the authorities of the Church were looking to 
them as aids and co-workers in the dissemination of truth. 
One out of their midst had been called to lay aside his work 
and go to a distant land, among strangers and enemies, to 
preach the gospel ; to advocate principles of an unpopular 
religion, to combat error in its strongholds, and thereby sub- 
ject himself to insult, and, possibly, to personal injury, 
defended only with the armor of God's eternal truth. It was 
the dawning of a new day, the awakening of a new spiritual 
existence. 

O! it imparts a heroism, a dignity, a moral sublimity to 
one, be his sphere what it may, however exalted, however 
humble, when he feels that he is acting his part on the theater 
of life as one that ha^ a work to do and that not man's work, 
which is often a poor, contemptible, thankless task, but God's 
work which is ever a glorious, a delightful work. 

"All right," said Henry at length, "be good to yourselves, 
boys." And taking the reins from his brother's hand, he 
mounted his horse and was soon out of sight. 

Just then the sharp crack of a rifle was heard over the 
hill, and a few moments after Brother, more frequently called 
Uncle, Martin made his appearance, carrying with him a 
splendid specimen of mountain grouse. 



Uncle Martin was one who, in common phrase, "had seen 
better days. ' ' Born and reared in New England he had imbibed 
from infancy an intense love of liberty, and hatred of tyranny 
either spiritual or political. In early life he had gained a 
moderate fortune ; but the greater part of it was lost in the 
financial crisis of 1857. But this he considered rather 
a blessing than otherwise, since it helped him to tear away 
from the scenes of his early life. He was rather an eccentric 
character, yet he always had a cheerful smile and a kindly 
greeting to all whom he met. From his kindly manners, vast 
fund of knowledge and sterling good sense, he had become a 
sort of general adviser to the young of the settlement. He 
had always a helping hand and a word of sympathy, and many 
were the difficulties he had helped the boys bridge over, in 
their rough life of the mountains. 

By the time Uncle Martin was seated the boys were eager 
for a story or bit of news, or whatever would amuse and 

instruct them. Meanwhile George B , who had stolen 

away to read his letter, which was generally understood to be 
from his sweetheart, had returned. Charley King, with a shy 
glance toward George, asked Uncle Martin, "What's the 
greatest blessing a fellow has? " 

"Honest, God-fearing parents," replied Uncle Martin. 

"And what's the next?" added Charley. 

"A true wife," said Uncle Martin. 

"And how will we find one?" asked two others. 

"Be true to your principles, and valiant in the cause of 
right. You'll soon find one whose tastes are like your own. 
Girls are not blind, by any means," added Uncle Martin. 
"The hearts of those who love will never be false — you will 
not have to woo long in order to win. Find one whom you 
can love and one who will love you though all the world 
despise. Yes, boys, there are such girls. There are those 
who will wait for one, who will live for one, who will die for 
one they love. They are not in the market for everyone to 
inspect. They ask but for the heart that is true, the mind 
that is pure. When either of you find such a girl you find a 
prize. No matter if poverty is yours — love will share it. If 
in trouble, she will cling to you, weep with you, sympathize 
with you, and lifting your hearts in prayer to God you can 
look the future fearlessly in the face and 'wait till the clouds 
roll by.' 

"And now, boys, I will tell you when was the happiest hour 
of my life. At the age of twenty-one 1 had saved up three 
hundred dollars. I was earning four hundred dollars a year 
and my father only required me to pay my own expenses. At 
the age of twenty-two, I had secured and furnished a small 
but comfortable dwelling in the edge of the town where my 
father lived. 1 was married on a Tuesday, a beautiful day in 
May. My wife came to me poor in purse, but rich in the 
wealth of her womanhood. The next day I went to work 
while my mother and sisters aided my wife in preparing our 
little home. When the labors of the day were over I went 
not to the paternal roof as in the past, but to my own house— 
I opened the door, kitchen and dining room were all one then. 
The table was set against the wall, the evening meal was ready 
— prepared by her who had come to be my helpmeet in deed 
as well as in name, and by the table, with a throbbing, expect- 
ant look upon her lovely and loving face, stood my wife. 
******* 

"Since then many years have passed, and I have seen many 
joys as well as some sorrow. But through all life's journey 
I have never experienced greater happiness than in that May 
evening so long ago." 



^C 



..«s<5£* 




O-TJ^TElNriLE I1TSTBTJCTOE;, 



GEORGE Q.. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 1, 1884. 




EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 

FEW days ago we returned from the 

£ dedication of the Logan Temple. A 

week of the most delightful character 

has heen spent in that city. We felt 

that we were near the gates of heaven. 

This feeling has doubtless been shared 

by all who were present as visitors, and, 

so far as we could hear, by the residents 

themselves. The Lord has been with 

His people. The ceremonies were of the most 

k interesting character. 

b_< On May the 17th, at 10:30 o'clock, in the 
^ morning, the upper room of the temple (104 ft. 
long and 80 ft. wide) was filled with the Priest- 
hood and other members of the Church. A more 
chaste and elegant room we never were in. It is ex- 
quisitely finished and presents a grand and imposing 
appearance. The stands at either end, intended for 
the occupancy of the presiding authorities in the 
Melehisedec and Aaronic Priesthoods, were filled with those 
for whom the seats were designed. 

The dedicatory prayer was offered by President John Tay- 
lor and was of a most comprehensive and impressive charac- 
ter. The remainder of the time at the first meeting was 
occupied by Presidents George Q. Cannon, Joseph P. Smith, 
Wilford Woodruff and Lorenzo Snow, making short addresses. 
The singing was conducted by the choir of Logan, under the 
leadership of Prof. Lewis. Two of the hymns sung on the 
occasion were composed by Elder Flenry W. Naisbitt, and one 
by Elder James A. Leisbman. 

( >n Sunday the 18th, at the same hour, the hall was again 
filled with another congregation. The dedicatory prayer was 
read by President George Q. Cannon. The same hymns were 
-uiil'. and the addn — - were made by Apostles Erastus Snow 
and V. D. Richards. 

On Monday the I'.'th. at the same hour, another congrega- 
tion assembled in the hall. The choir again sang the hymns 
prepared for the occasion, and President Joseph F. Smith 
read the dedicatory prayer. Most interesting proceedings fol- 
lowed in the addresses of Apostles Carrington, Thatcher, 
Teasdale; Connselor D. ET. Wells, Presiding Bishop W. B. 
Preston; and Elders Jacob Gates (one of the seven presidents 
of seventies) and Milo Andras. 

I taring the time of our visit the quarterly conference of the 
Saints was held in the assembly hall, there being two meet- 
d Friday, one on Saturday, two on Sunday, and evening 
meetings on Sunday and Monday. 

There were vast crowds of people present, and the hospital- 
ity of the Saints in Cache Valley was taxed to the utmost. 

On Wednesday, May 21st, the temple was opened to give 
endowments and other ordinances, and the work has fairly 
begun then!, which will now be continued to meet the wants 
of the people, many of whom have looked forward with long- 
ing anticipation to the completion of this building, that tiny 
might have an opportunity, before passing away, of attending 
to ordinances therein for themselves and their progenitors. 



In the heart of every faithful Saint who was present at the 
dedication there could be but one feeling, namely, that the 
Lord had accepted of the erection of that house. The mani- 
festation of His Spirit, the outpouring of that heavenly influ- 
ence upon all those who were prepared to receive it, was such 
as to make them conscious that God was near. If anything 
more was wanted to make this assurance past doubt, it was 
in the words of President John Taylor, while at the temple 
on Thursday morning shortly before leaving for the city, when 
he testified to his Counselors and the Apostles, and to a num- 
ber of leading Elders who were present, that God had accepted 
of that house, and that they could write that down as a reve- 
lation from the Lord if they wished. 




"1 — Have you ever gone through a rite or ceremony of mar- 
riage with Girard Roundy? 

"2 — Are you, in accordance with any religious rite, married 
to Girard Roundy? 

1- 3 — Did you, at any time, marry Girard lloundy in plural 
or celestial form for time or eternity or both? 

"4 — Are you his wife in plural marriage? 

"5— Are the relations existing between yourself and Girard 
Pioundy those of husband and wife? 

"G — Do you decline to answer because it is a fact that you 
are his wife or are not so? 

"7 — Did you ever go through the Endowment House in 
this city with Girard Roundy for the purpose of assuming or 
undertaking any covenants of marriage with him? 

"8 — Have you ever been in the Endowment House? 

"9 — Do you know who are the officiating priests or officers 
in the Endowment House?" 

The foregoing are the questions which were asked of Sister 
Nellie White by the grand jury of this city, and afterwards 
by the court, on the 22nd of May. She refused to answer 
iheui and has been sent to the penitentiary where, at present 
writing, she is confined. It is supposed that this young lady 
is the plural wife of Bishop Roundy. The object in asking 
these questions is to prove this. She considers it none of 
their business and refuses to answer. We suppose there will 
be another case like that of Belle Harris, who was subjected 
to imprisonment and some indignity because of her unwilling- 
ness to criminate others. 

The men who engage in this business of sending women to 
prison may think that they are likely to accomplish the ends 
they have in view by such means; but no one who understands 
human nature, or has read the lessons of history aright, can 
share with them any such opinion. Such methods never did 
succeed in checking any practice based on religious belief. 
Human nature is so constituted that persecution, especially if 
it be of an unjust, tyrannical character, only has the effect to 
arouse combativeness and to strengthen the determination of 
the persecuted to adhere to their principles. Our people's 
history abundantly proves this. That which we have most to 
fear is prosperity and ease, the increase of wealth and lux- 
ury. Under such circumstances men and women arc apt to 
become indifferent about religion, to become lovers of ease 
and of pleasure, to have a dread of hardship, and to be will- 
ing to sacrifice religion for the sake of such enjoyment as 
wealth is supposed to bring. But people who have been 
schooled in adversity, who have made sacrifices, who have 
always been persecuted, do not attach importance to wealth 
and ease. They look forward to a higher reward, to the joys 
of li aven and the blessings promised unto them, if faithful, 
in the eternal worlds. 

The persecution of Nellie White will only be another illus- 
tration of the futility of seeking to destroy "Mormonism," 
or of preventing the people from obeying God's commands. 



IS 



m 



'I'M NOT AFRAID. 



"T'M not afraid," were the words of James Jackson as 

-*■ some of his playmates accused him of being a coward 
when he refused to accompany them on their Sunday boat- 
ride on the lake, "but T wish to observe the Sabbath as a day 
of rest." 

"Oh, that' s only one of your excuses, ' ' exclaimed several boys 
with one voice, "we know you are a coward ! " 

"Now, boys," spoke up George West, "you know James 
is not afraid of danger, because he has saved the lives of two 
of you when it seemed as though a runaway team would dash 
you to pieces; but he is afraid to do what he knows to be 
wrong, and in that I will stand by him. I would advise him 
not to go one step with you." 

"Well, preacher," said one of the boys, "we ain't partic- 
ular about your company, but 
we do want James to go with 
us; won't you, James?" 

And James, after much per- 
suasion and getting the prom- 
ise of George West to go also, 
consented to be one of the 
party. 

Now, James Jackson, be- 
sides being the best scholar in 
the village school, was also a 
leader in all the harmless 
sports of the play-ground. 
Cheerful and brave, good and 
kind, he won the hearts of all 
his companions, and no game 
seemed enjoyable without his 
presence. He was, however, 
like many other boys, influenc- 
ed, at times, too easily by the 
wishes of those around him, 
and did things which he knew { 
were not quite right. Such 
was the case now, for he was 
aware that it was improper to |§ 
go boating on the Sabbath. 
George West was James' best 
companion. The two seemed 
more like brothers than mere- 
ly schoolmates. The former 
was morally the stronger, while 
the latter was superior phys- 
ically and mentally. George, by talking witn James, kept 
him from doing many things that were improper, while James 
took George's part in all the school-boy disputes. None of 
the other scholars were really bad, and the little follies they 
did commit were rather the result of thoughtlessness than of 
intent. 

The Sunday for the "out" arrived and, with cheers, the 
boys launched their boats on the quiet lake and the sport began. 
They agreed to have a sham naval battle. James was chosen 
captain of one vessel and George of the other. The crew 
that obtained the enemy's flags were to be considered the vic- 
tors. 

Up and down the lake the boats were rowed, each crew try- 
ing to gain the victory. 

Finally James, who was standing in the end of his boat 
thought he saw an opportunity to close the engagement, and 





reaching out his hand as the other boat passed, caught the 
flag. But, alas! in doing so he lost his balance, and down he 
went into the water. 

A shout of "Man overboard ! " caused all eyes to turn in 
the direction where James sank, but, as he was a good swim- 
mer, no one was afraid but that he would soon be in his boat 
again. Up he came to the surface of the water, and, at the 
cry of the boys, made several strokes in the direction of the 
boats, but, in a moment, down he went again. Now the boys 
began to get frightened, and those who were the cause of his 
taking this boat-ride wished they had not accused him of 
being a coward. To those watching it seemed like hours 
before James was seen again, and then he looked as though 
life was almost gone. 

Meanwhile, George had partially stripped, and, as his friend 
sank for the third time, sprang into the water. But a few 

moments elapsed before he 
was seen again with his drown- 
ing friend clinging fast to him. 
"Reach me an oar!" he 
faintly cried, and, with the 
help thus given, he was soon 
in the boat again with James, 
who was insensible to all that 
was passing. 

Quickly all hands pulled for 
the shore where the almost 
drowned boy was rolled and 
shook until nearly all the 
water was out of him. He 
then opened his eyes and mo- 
ioned for the boys to gather 
around him. 

"Boys," said he, "this has 
been a close call for me, but 1 
have deserved it all. When I 
fell into the water it seemed 
to me that it was a punish- 
ment for disregarding the 
Sabbath, and then my strength 
left me, and had it not been 
for George I should surely 
have been drowned. But, as 
it is, I have learned a lesson, 
which is, never to do what my 
conscience tells me is wrong, 
even if, by so doing, I'm call- 
ed a coward." 

"Please forgive us," exclaimed the boys who had teased 
him to go, "we did not think it would end like this! " 

"Oh, I forgive you all," said James, "but, from now on, 
I want to lead out in doing what is right, and I hope you will 
follow me in this as you have done in all our games, where I 
have been leader." 

All promised they would do so, and after James was fully 
recovered, which required several weeks, he found all the boys 
ready to follow him as they said they would. Instead of 
spending their Sundays in games, they organized classes for 
mutual instruction in religious matters, and also had lectures 
among themselves on various subjects of interest. By pur- 
suing this course they derived much more pleasure than they 
had ever done in the games they formerly played on the Lord's 
day, for they felt no pangs of conscience in thus doing as the 
Creator commands. 




THE TERRIBLE FIVE WEEKS. 




IN the Spring of 18— , 1 had just finished my apprentice- 
ship, and was as proud of beginning to work for myself, as 
if I had been made governor of the canton. And when the 
feast of Noel (Christmas) came round, Louise Morillon and I 
were to be married; so you see 1 had good cause to feel 
glad. 

One fine afternoon I was busy with a job, and working hard 
to finish it in time to have a walk with Louise, when, all at 
once, I heard a shout from the other end of the street, and 
then a queer noise like the beating (if you can fancy such a 
thing) of a drum with a hole in it ; and in a moment the cry 
got up — 

"'Here's the Tambour come back again I" 

The Tambour was a poor, half-witted lad, who used to come 
strolling through the valley every now and then, dressed in 
queer clothes which he had picked up in the course of his wan- 
derings ; and beating with might and main upon a tin pan, 
which was what first got him the name of "Le Tambour" 
(the Drummer) — for what his real name was nobody ever 
knew. 

However, the poor Tambour was,a kind-hearted fellow with 
all his silliness ; and he would sing little songs, and carve toys 
for the children, and make wreaths of flowers for the young 
girls, and do an odd job every now and then, when any one 
wanted a helping hand; and that's more than many men in 
their senses would take the trouble to do for you, I know that ! 
It was nice to see the way in which the half-witted lad was 
treated by gentle and simple. He was not only invited but 
pressed into their homes. 

But this time the Tambour was so gloomy and silent, that we 
all wondered what could be the matter with him. He didn't 
seem to have any heart to dance or crack jokes with us as 
u.-ual ; and the only song he sang during the two days he 
stayed with us, was this : 

'■When leaves are springing on every tree 
Martigny vale shall be fair to see; 
When Autumn's breath turns the leaves to brown, 
Gone shall be valley, and village, and town ! " 

And every time, as he ended, he would hold op his finger 
and Bay, "Beware!" bo solemnly, that we all felt quite 
uncomfortable .vithout knowing why. 

This was in the end of February ; and as the year bade fair 
to be a very fine one, and there was no sign of danger any- 
where, we sood forgot all about the prophecy, except to have 
a laugh over it every now and then. 

But, about the middle of March, we made a discovery 
which. I warrant you, made as all serious enough. The 
• , which was wont to be running like a mill-race when 
M irch came, with the melting of the Bnows from the surrounding 
hills, had, for some time past, seemed to be getting less and 
less, till al last we could fairly «e< it shrinking a- we looked at 
it The mod on the banks got parched into clay, the bidden 
ed up out of the water and lay festering in the sun. 
and -till the stream kept dwindling, and dwindling and dwind- 
ling, till the only water that was left lay in the pools under the 
shadow ol the big -tour-. 

At last the river was clean gone ; and then we began to 

tened, and some of us determined to follow its course 

upward, and see what on earth was the matter with it; and I 

— for I was youoe an 1 -trong then, and liked nothing better 

than an adventure of any kind — went along with them. We 



went up the valley to the very end, and then over the glaciers 
above it, till we got into the narrow glen that lies between 
Mont Pleureur and Mont Mauvoisin ; and there, sure enough, 
we did see a sight ! 

A great piece of the Getroz glacier, big enough to sweep 
away a whole town at once, had broken away, carrying all the 
stones and gravel along with it, had slipped right down into 
the bed of the river, and blocked it up completely, with a 
mass of ice and rubbish six times as high as the spire of Mar- 
tigny church, and ever so many hundred feet thick. The 
water being dammed up in this way, had formed an enormous 
lake, which was already a mile and a half long, and getting 
higher every hour ! Some time or other, of course, the flood 
would burst the barrier, and come pouring down into the 
valley, in which case, as we well knew, every house from Les 
Eochers down to Martigny would be swept away like a bit of 
paper. 

Down we went again as fast as we could, in a terrible fright, 
to announce our discovery ; and when we told what we had 
seen, you never saw such a panic as there was ! Some stood 
still and stared as if they were turned to stone ; others ran 
home to pack up what they had, and get out of harm's way 
as soon as possible ; and there was an uproar such as I never 
heard before — everybody speaking at once, and nobody know- 
ing what to suggest. 

Then, in the middle of all the clamor and confusion, came 
forward Monsieur Yenetz, our engineer (God bless him for a 
brave man!), and said: 

"We may be saved yet, if you will only go to work like 
men instead of crying out like children. Give me two hun- 
dred men upon whom I can rely, and I'll cut a canal through 
the ice before the water can break it down, and let it off by 
degrees. Who'll join?" 

The very sound of his voice, so firm and cheery in the midst 
of this horrible danger, steadied us at once; and Monsieur 
Lebon, the bailiff' of Martigny — who had come up at the first 
alarm — went to work at once to carry out the plans he 
had proposed. And really, the whole thing seemed to shape 
itself out as if by magic; for it's wonderful how soon you get 
anythine done when you go to work upon it in real earnest. 
So many men were told oft' to work ; so many young women and 
young lads to carry them food and whatever else they wanted ; 
the rest to get the household furniture out of the way, and put 
up signals here and there along the valley, in case it should 
be necessary to give an alarm. 

Away we went up the valley — I and the rest of the working 
party — as if there was a new spirit in us; and so indeed there 
was — the spirit of a brave man, with whom was the hand of 
God. It did us all good, too. to feel that we were really doing 
something, instead of just standing still and trembling tit the 
danger. 

Well, the work began — such a work as was never done in 
Switzerland before or since. We started the cutting from 
both sides of the ice-wall at once, to save time (for we knew 
there was none to spare), and began sixty feet above the level 
o( the hike, which was rising about two feet a day. So that, 
piit shortly, the whole thin _' came to this — if we could cut the 
channel before the water overflowed, we might save the valley 
yet; if not, our labor was thrown away, and we, and our 
comrades, and all the people of the district, were dead 
nen. 

I've seen plenty of work in my time, but never anything 
like that. In the midstof ice and snow, with the glacier shaking 
and crumbling under foot, and the great flood striving to break 






-*®Mk 



m 




CTTJ'VEIDsrilL.IE IUSTBUCTOR, 



171- 




loose overhead, the work never slackened night or day. We 
relieved each other every six hours or so, working in gangs of 
fifty at a time, and every man hewing away as if it depended 
on his own arm ; while, down below, the rest were working in 
like manner to remove the property, and get all the old and 
helpless people out of the way, and driving the cattle and 
sheep up to the mountains; and, more than once, Monsieur 
the bailiff came right up to where we were, at the risk of 
his life, to say a kind word to us, and see that we wanted for 
nothing. 

Meanwhile the water continued to rise, and to press more and 
more strongly against the dyke. One day it rose five feet 
instead of two; and we began to fear that, after all, our labor 
would be in vain. And now, as the weather grew warmer, 
and the snows melted, avalanche after avalanche came crash- 
ing down on every side, and the ice at the bottom of the lake 
split with a noise like the loudest thunder, and great masses, 
sixty or seventy feet high, rose up through the water and went 
floating hither and thither, dashing against each other with a 
frightful uproar ; and in the midst of all this, we had to work 
thirty-five days ! 

At last the work was done ; but when the two galleries met, 
it was found that the outer one, which opened down to the 
valley, was twenty feet higher than the one leading from 
the lake ; and the only thing to be done was to cut it down to 
its level. 

"Never mind ! " says Monsieur Venetz, as cheerily as ever; 
"what matters a little extra labor if we can but save the valley? 
Come along, boys ! " 

And at it we went again. 

On the 13th of June the rush began. At first it didn't 
pour very freely ; but the force of the water soon widened the 
channel, and out it poured like a cataract. In fifty-six hours 
the water had sunk full thirty feet over a surface of two miles 
by one ; and we, thinking the danger all over, were just think- 
ing of going down to the valley again, when Blaize Fauchet, 
who had been looking over the edge of the rock that flanked 
the chasm, gave a cry that startled us all. 

"There's something wrong down yonder!" cried he, "see 
how the bottom of the ice-wall is shaking ! What if — " 

At that moment there came a crash as if the world itself 
were burst in pieces, and the whole wall fell outward in one 
great mass. The force of the cataract, falling from such a 
hight, had fairly undermined the rotten base of the dam ; and 
then the pressure of the water blew it out as if with a cannon. 
In an instant the whole air was in one whirl of spray aud 
gravel, and flying splinters of ice ; aud I and all my comrades 
dropped down with the shock, deafened and stuoned as if by 
the explosion of a powder-magazine. 

What happened after that, I only heard long after; for, at 
the time, I was so dazed with the frightful uproar, and dizzied 
with the rush and whirl of the flood, that I was just like one 
in a dream. In half an hour the lake was drained to the 
bottom, and in that time (as one of our scientific men calculated 
afterwards) five times as much water passed through the gap 
as there is in the Rhine at Basle, whore it's thirteen hundred 
feet broad ! Houses, churches, bridges, blocks of ice and 
rock fifty or sixty feet high, were swept away like nothing ; 
aud the whole weight of the ruin, clearing the twenty-four 
miles of valley as quick as a train could have done it, came 
down upon Martigny like a thunderbolt, laying the whole place 
in ruins at one blow. 

The bridge of Mauvoisin, ninety feet above the ordinary 
level of the Dranse, was torn away like a rag, and four hun 



dred houses were swept off, and the whole face of the valley was 
trenched up as with a ploughshare. That one half-hour cost 
more than a million of Swiss livres ! Happily not many lives 
were lost, for the signals carried the alarm down the valley 
like lightning ; but even as it was, thirty-four perished in 
Martigny alone. 

Poor Auguste Faure, of Lavey, who was to have been mar- 
ried next day, went into Martigny that morning and never 
came back, and for years after the poor girl would sit watch- 
ing all day at her window, looking for his return. Thank God, 
she is with him again now ! 

And when the waters had subsided, we found, far down the 
valley, among the rocks below the Martigny tower, the body 
of poor Tambour, cold and dead, with little Adele Havart, 
our blacksmith's little girl, still clasped in his arms. She had 
always been a pet of his, poor fellow ; and he had risked his 
life to save her, and died in attempting it. We hadn't the 
heart to separate them, so we just buried them both 
together. Selected. 



MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE. 

TYING UP A "MORMON" ELDER, 



BY B. H. ROBERTS. 



IN the Summer of 1S79, I succeeded in opening up a field 
of labor in a neighborhood called West Fork, in Cerro 
Gordo county, Iowa. Sheffield, a railway town, some ten or 
twelve miles distant, was the nearest post office. 

After holding several meetings in the school house at West 
Fork, I went to Sheffield to get the mail, and remained all 
night in town. During the night it rained — no, it more than 
rained, it poured down and there was no reserve to it; had 
such a rain occurred in the Southern States, the people would 
have called it a "stump piler." In this particular part of 
Iowa, there were many unbelievers in the Bible. They were 
especially skeptical about Noah's flood ; but after that night's 
rain, their doubts began to grow weaker. They admitted 
Noah's flood was a possibility. On the flood question they 
stood about seven to eight after that storm. 

The following day I had to return to West Fork, as there was 
an appointment to preach that night. All the creeks were 
swollen, and in every swale of the prairie I found a muddy 
stream ever ready to block up the way. At last I came in 
view of Cedar river. It had overflowed its banks, but a por- 
tion of the approach to the bridge could be seen, and I hoped 
the bridge was all right. 

I had to wade in back water knee-deep for several hundred 
yards before reaching that part of the approach above water. 
On getting to this point, 1 found the bridge had been torn 
away by the tumultuous flood, which now swept with angry 
rush between the bare buttments. What is to be done? was 
the question. Shall I return to Sheffield and cross again all 
the streams I have waded during the day, and miss filling my 
appointment? Or shall I attempt to cross this vicious look- 
ing stream, and hold the meeting? The latter course was decided 
upon. 

On the lower side of the buttment on which I stood, I 
noticed three heavy, two-inch planks. It occurred to me if 
they were on the upper side of the buttment, I might stand 
on them, and by giving a vigorous push toward the opposite 



^ 





172 



J-U'V^EnSTIILIE I3STSTBTJOTOR. 




e&. 



shore, the stream would drift them and me' over to the other 
bank. I, therefore, carried the planks to the upper side of 
the approach, and moved two of them in the still back 
water. 

To place the valise on them and then get on board myself 
was but the work of a moment. I then took the third plank, 
to use as a push-oar, and worked the raft (?) along until the run- 
ning water was reached — the point where I was to give the 
"mighty push" which was to carry us to the other side. I 
began to give it, but the planks commenced sinking under the 
pressure, and I had to drop the push-oar. Beaching the 
middle of the stream the plaDks headed down stream — we 
started for the Gulf of Mexico. The banks of the stream 
were gliding by at a tremendous rate, I thought, but I had no 
time to take note of the beauty which doubtless adorned 
them. Wild flowers of every variety and in rich profusion 
may have clothed the rolling prairies in a garment of many 
colors, but I had no time to admire them. The sweet song- 
sters of nature may have made the stillness glad with their 
melodies, but I had no time to listen. The two planks on 
which I was standing manifested a disposition to separate, and 
it was all I could^o to keep them together. Then they were 
awfully particular as to the amount of weight each should 
cany. If I happened to bear down a little more on one than 
on the other it would begin to sink — I can boast for once I 
was an evenly-balanced boy. 

The stream appeared mad with delight in having me in its 
power; it played all manDer of pranks with my hopes and 
fears — now drifting me towards its banks until I began to 
think I should reach terra firmri, then whirling me out again 
to the middle of the current. 

At last as we came around a bend in the river, I saw a large 
part of the bridge, which had been carried away, lodged in a 
growth of willow saplings, and towards this the planks 
drifted. As soon as I was near enough I threw my valise on 
the drift, and then jumped towards it myself; I missed it, but 
a few rapid strokes brought me within reach. It was an easy 
matter from this drift to reach the shore by wading several 
score yards through back-water which was not, at least in any 
place I struck, more than neck deep. 

I came out on the right Bide, that is, on the side opposite 
that from which I started. 

After wringing the water out of my clothing I continued 
the journey, feeling grateful that I had escaped so easily from 
my unpleasant situation. 

A< i~ oanal where the Elders preach the gospel, my meet- 
ing- and the doctrines advanced became the all-absorbing 
theme of conversation throughout the neighborhood. It 
forced itself upon the attention of three ministers who resided 
in that district of country, and during my brief absence they 
had boasted that they would "tie that young Mormon up." 
I had adopted the plan of giving my hearers an opportunity 
of propounding questions to me, at the close of each meet- 
>D the subjects treated of in the discourse; and these min- 
hearing of this, Baid that would be their opportunity to 
"tie up the young Mormon." They would question him, 
cross liitn in hi-* words, show the falsity of his teachings, and 
"expose Mormonism" generally. Everywhere they went, 
they boasted what they would do, and how they would 
do it. 

My friends informed me of the plans of the minsters — so I 
knew what to expect. 

That night the house was crowded — not even standing room 
for all who came. The ministers were there, and occupied 



the front seat facing the teacher's desk which served me as a 
pulpit. I announced the subject for the evening, as follows : 
"A man must be called of God, by prophecy and the laying 
on of hands by those who are in authority, to preach the gospel 
and administer in the ordinances thereof." The ministers 
were ready with their pencils to take notes. I stepped from 
behind the desk and stood in front of them, addressing them 
as a lawyer would a jury. The Spirit of the Lord was with 
me, it loosened my tongue, and the ministers soon became 
tired of taking notes. It was proved from holy writ that God 
had always called men by prophecy and revelation to admin- 
ister in the ordinances of salvation; and I then proclaimed to 
them that God had again spoken from heaven, had called men by 
His own voice to be prophets and apostles, and to minister in 
things pertaining to God; that I was sent to them by that 
authority to call upon them to repent of their sins and 
turn unto the Lord. 

The people arose and I dismissed them, after which all took 
their seats, and I announced the privilege that they now had 
to ask me questions. All eyes were turned upon the ministers; 
they moved uneasily in their seats; evidently they felt uncom- 
fortable; they exchanged glances, and then settled back in 
their seats in a way which seemed to indicate that they had 
nothing to offer. Perfect silence was retained for fully ten 
minutes ; then a person in the back part of the hall said: "I 
guess we can go home now?" "Yes," I replied, "I am 
through for this evening, unless some persons have got ques- 
tions they wish to ask." As none were asked the people filed 
slowly out of the house— the ministers being among the first. 
They had changed their minds about "tying up the young 
Mormon." Men do sometimes change their minds. But 
perhaps these boastful followers of the lowly Nazarene, can 
only be charged with changing their mode of operation in 
"tying up the Mormon," as next day they were visiting the 
members of their respective flocks, advising them not to 
encourage the "Mormon" meetings by their presence; further- 
more, by listening to the "Mormons" preach, they would 
become unsettled in their faith. Then followed the usual 
repetition of slanderous reports and blood-curdling stories. 

My experience with these modern sectarian preachers has 
often brought to my mind the anecdote about the lawyer : 
A gentleman said to a lawyer friend, "What do you do for an 
argument before the jury when you have no case at all?" 
"Oh! " replied the legal gentleman (?), "I abuse the opposite 
counsel! " Many ministers whose acquaintance I have found, 
act as if they bad received the command : "Go thou, and do 
likewise." Sooner or later, however, it will occur to man- 
kind that "persecution is Dot refutation, nor even tri- 
umph." 



What Does "Economy" Mean? — Iu our use of the word 
"eo iiiiiuy," it means merely sparing or saving; economy of 
money means the saving of money, economy of time the 
sparing of time, and so on. Rut economy no more means 
saving money than it means spending money. It means the 
administration of a house — its stewardship; spending <>r 
saving, that is, whether money or time, or anything else, to 
the best possible advantage. In the simplest and clearest 
definition of it, economy means the wise management of 
labor; and it means this mainly in three senses, namely, first, 
applying our labor rationally ; secondly, pn .-< / < imj its produce 
carefully; and, lastly, distributing its produce seasonably. — 
Rudcin. 




$®sr 



O-TT^TIEICsriLIE] IITSTETJCTOR. 



173 



1§fct%%* 



PERSEVERANCE. 




"Eight times three !' said Willie Wilson, impa- 
tiently. "Oh, what is the matter with me? Can't 
I get that right ?" 

"Come on, Willie !" shouted the boys at the 
window; "we can't wait; finish your lesson after- 
ward." 

"0, yes," said Willie. "'Afterward !' I know all 
about him ; he has cheated me many a time, and 
I have no faith in him. Nine times four are thirty- 
six." 

"Bother nine times four ! It is time we were off, 
and we shall have to go without you." 

"I should like to bother it," said Willie; "it is 
giving me bother enough. How much is it, 
anyhow?" 

"One hundred and seventy -nine. Now come on 
this minute, or we shall go without you." 

"Look here, Harry Jones," said Willie, 1 oking 
up a minute from his work ; "this is the last 
example in our lesson. I've got all the others, and 
I know I shan't have any more time for arithmetic, 
and I don't mean to stir from this corner till I get 
this bothering old fellow right. I've gone over 
him three times now, and it won't come; if I have 
to do it three hundred times I mean to have it. 
So there!" 

"Bother take the old example, anyhow?" said 
Harry, in his crossest tone. "Come on boys ; we 
can't lose all the fun waiting till midnight for him;" 
and away every boy went. 

"Nine times four are thirty-four," said Willie, 
patiently ; and though, of course, it was not right, 
and never will be, he worked away just as steadily; 
and when he found that he was wrong, again, he 
said, talking to himself : "Now, look here! You 
think you are going to beat me don't you? Well, 
you were never more mistaken in your life, My 
name is Persevere Wilson. Father said I had 
earned that name, and that I should have it as 
long as I deserved it; and I hope you don't think 
I am going to lose my name and my place in the 
class just to please you." 

Then he began again, slowly, patiently, each 
figure carefully studied, and at last the example 
"proved itself," and Willie, with a soft hurrah and 
a loud yawn, got up from his corner. The last 
glimmer of twilight was fading. No use to talk of 
ball playing now; fun was over for that evening. 



"I don't care," said Willie, as he went up to bed; 
"it will be more fun for me than for the others 
when the roll of examples is called to-morrow." 

Sure enough ! "Master Willie." said Prof. Bennet, 
looking up over his spectacles, "you are the only 
member of the class to be marked 'Perfect' to-day. 
There was more ball-playing than perseverance 
by the rest of the class, I fear." — Ex. 



I'LL TAKE WHAT FATHER TAKES. 



'Twas in the flowery month of June, 

The sun was in the West, 
When a merry, blithsome company 

Met at a public feast. 

Around the rooms rich banners spread, 
And garlands fresh and gay ; 

Friend greeted friend right joyously 
Upon that festal day. 

The board was filled with choicest fare; 

The guests sat down to dine; 
Some called for "bitter" some for "stout," 

And some for rosy wine. 

Among this joyous company 

A modest youth appeared ; 
Scarce sixteen summers had he seen, 

No specious snare he feared. 

An empty glass before the youth 

Soon drew the waiter near, 
"What will you take, sir?" he inquired, 

"Stout, bitter, mild or clear ? 

"We've rich supplies of foreign port, 
We've first-class wine and cakes." 

The youth, with guiless look, replied, 
"I'll take what father takes." 

Swift as an arrow went the words 

Into his father's ears, 
And scon a conflict deep and strong 

Awoke terrific fears. 

The father looked upon. his son, 

Then gazed upon the wine : 
O God ! he thought : were he to taste, 

Who could the end divine: 

Have 1 not seen the strongest fall ? 

The fairest led astray ? 
And shall I on my only son 

Bestow a curse this day ? 



-•»* 



m 




&•- 



174 



uUYElTILB IITSTBTJ-GTOB, 




Oh ! God forbid ! "Here, waiter, bring 

Bright water unto me: 
My son will take what father takes — 

My drink shall water be." 

W. Hoyle. 



A STORY OF JOHN ADAMS 



John Adams was a president of the United 
States many years ago, and he was a wise and 
good ruler. After he had gained this high position 
at the head of the nation, he often spoke of his 
early life. One of the incidents he related, and 
which should urge every boy and girl to do well 
what he or she attempts, is as follows: 

"When I was a boy," he said, "I had to study 
the Latin grammar; but it was dull, and I hated 
it. My father was anxious to send me to college, 
and therefore I studied the grammar, till I could 
bear it no longer; and going to my father, I told 
him I did not like study, and asked for some other 
employment. It was opposing his wishes, and he 
wasquick in his answer. 'Well, John, if Latin 
grammar does not suit you, you may try ditching: 
perhaps thai will; my meadow yonder needs a 
ditch, and you may put by Latin and try that !' 

"This seemed a delightful change, and to the 
meadow I went. Bui I soon found ditching harder 
than Latin, and the first forenoon was the longest 
i i experienced. That day 1 ate the bread of 
lab >r, and glad was I when night came on. That 
night 1 made some comparison between Latin 
grammar and ditching, but said nol a word about 
it. J dug next forenoon, and wanted to return to 
Latin at dinner ; but it was humiliating, and I 
would not do it. At nighl toil conquered pride; 
and though it was one of the severesl trials I ever 
bad in my life, I told my father that, if he chose, 
I would go back to Latin grammar. He was glad 
of it; and if] have since gained any distinction, 
it has been owing to the two day's labor in that 
abominable ditch." 



For The Boys. — A certain man who is very rich now was 
very poor when he was a boy. When naked how he got his 
riches, he said, "My lather taught me never to play till my 
work was finished, and never to spend my money till I had 
i arned it. If I had but an hour's work in the day. I must do 
that the fir-t thin;:, and in an hour. And after that I was 
allowed to play: anil then I could play with much more 
pleasure than if I had the thought of an uofiuished ta-k 
before my mind. I early formed the habit of doing every- 
thing in time, and it -' .. .ti becami easy t" do so. It is to this 
I owe my prosperity." 



STUDIED ITS RHETORIC. 



DANIEL WEBSTER did his best work in interpreting the 
Constitution. So luminous were his expositions of that 
instrument before the Supreme Court and the Senate, that 
his countrymen named him "The Great Expounder." 

But he had another title quite as honorable, though it was 
known to few outside of the Senatorial circle. His colleagues 
called him "The Biblical Concordance of the United States 
Senate." 

He earned this title by his extensive and minute knowledge 
of the Bible, which he freely placed at the disposal of even 
his political opponents, when they chose to avail themselves 
of it. 

In preparing their speeches they would often ask him for 
appropriate scriptural sentences and metaphors, to give force 
and power to their utterance. His own scriptural resources 
were so vast that he could afford to be generous. 

These resources were due to his early training and to his 
adult habits. He was so early taught to read by his mother 
that he could not remember when he did not read. Her text- 
books were the New England Primer and the Bible. 

While a mjre lad he read with such power and expression 
that the passing teamsters, who stopped to water their horses, 
used to get "Webster's boy" to come out beDeath the shade 
of the trees and read the Bible to them. 

Those who heard Mr. Webster in later life recite passages 
from the Hebrew prophets and psalms, say that he held them 
spellbound while each passage, even the most familiar, came 
home to them with a new meaning, because of the sonorous 
emphasis of the sympathetic deciaimer. 

One gentleman says he never received such ideas of the 
majesty of God, and the dignity of man, as he did one clear 
night, when Mr. Webster, standing in the open air, recited 
the eighth Psalm. 

Webster's mother observed another old fashion of New 
England, in training her son. She encouraged him to 
memorize such scriptural passages as impressed him. The 
boy's retentive memory and his sensitiveness of Bible 
metaphors and of the rhythm of the English version, stored 
his mind with scripture. 

On one occasion the teacher of the district school offered a 
jackknite to the boy who would recite the greatest number of 
verses from the Bible. When Webster's turn came, he arose 
and reeled off so many verses that the master was forced to 
cry "enough." 

It was the mother's training and the boy's delight in the 
idioms and music of King James' version that made him 
"The Biblical Concordance," of the Senate. 

But these two factors made him more than a "concordance." 
The Bible formed his style as an orator. The Hebrew 
prophets inspired him to eloquent utterance. He gazed on 
and listened to them, until their vocabulary and idioms, as 
expressed in KinL' James' translation became his mother- 
tongue. Of his lofty utterance, it may be said what Words- 
worth Baid of Wilton's poetry, they arc "Hebrew in soul." 
Therefore they project themselves into the future. 

The young man who would be a writer that shall lie read, or 
an orator whom people voffl, hear, should study the established 
version, a> Webster studied it. Its singular beauty and 
great power a.- literature, the thousand sentiments and 
iations which use has attached to it, have made it a 
mightier force than any other book. 

Millions enjoy the movement of this force upon their souls 
and brains. He who is BO ambitious as to wish to influence 



5K 



V' • • 




his fellows, should be wise enough to give days and nights to 
intercourse with such a force magnitude, and its truths 
should add reverence and virtue to his own life. — Ex. 



VARIETI ES. 




THE GREAT WALL OF CHINA. 

EVERYONE who has studied geography or who has read 
much history knows more or less about the famous 
Chinese Wall. Built as it was hundreds of years ago when 
the use of modern weapons of war was unknown, it served its 
purpose, that of protecting the empire from the incursions of 
the Tartar cavalry. With the knowledge which the nations 
of the earth now possess, however, such a wall would scarcely 
retard the movements of a powerful army for one day. 

Still, this piece of work is one of the world's wonders and 
for the industry manifested by the Chinese in its construction, 
they deserve credit. 

It is thus described by travelers: 

"The Great Wall, which separates China from Tartary, 
extends more than fifteen hundred miles in length, and is of such ' 
thickness, that six horsemen may easily ride abreast upon it. It 
is flanked with towers, two how-shots distant from one another. 
It is said, that a third of the able-bodird men in the empire were 
employed in constructing this wall. The workmen wereordered 
under pain of death, to place the materials so closely, that not 
the least entrance might he afforded for any instrument of iron ; 
and thus the work was constructed with such solidity, that it is 
still almost entire, though two thousand years have elapsed since 
it was constructed. 

"This extraordinary work is carried, not only through the low 
lands and valleys, but over hills and mountains; the hight of 
one of which was computed by F. Verbiest, at one thousand two 
hundred and thirty-six feet above the level of the spot where he 
stood. According to F. Martini, it begins at the gulf of Leatong 
and reaches to the mountains near the city of Kin, on the Yel- 
low River; between which places it meets with no interruption 
except to the north of the city of Suen, in Peche-li, where it is 
interrupted by a ridge of inaccessible mountains, to which it is 
closely united. It is likewise interrupted by the river Hoang-ho; 
hut for others of an inferior size, arches have been constructed, 
through which the waters pass freely. Mr. Bell informs us, that 
it is carried across rivers, and over the tops of the highest hills, 
without the least interruption, keeping nearly along that cir- 
cular range of barren rocks which incloses the country; and, 
after running about one thousand two hundred miles, ends in 
impassable mountains and sandy deserts. The foundation con- 
sists of large blocks of stone laid in mortar; but all the rest is of 
brick. The whole is so strong and well-built, that it scarcely 
needs any repairs; and in the dry climate in which it stands, 
may remain in the same condition for many ages. When car- 
ried over steep rocks, where no horse can pass, it is about fifteen 
or twenty feet high; but when running through a valley, or cross- 
ing a river, it is about thirty feet high, with square towers and 
embrasures at equal distances. The top is flat, and paved with 
cut stone; and where it rises over a rock or eminence, there is an 
ascent made by an easy stone stair. 

"This wall, it is said, was begun and completely finished in the 
short space of five years; and it is reported, that the laborers 
stood so close for many miles, that they could hand the materials 
from one to another. This seems the more probable, us the rug- 
ged rocks among which it is built must have prevonted all use of 
carriages; and neither clay for making bricks, nor any kind of 
cement, are to be found among them." 

A TERRIBLE PUNISHMENT. 

Of all the punishments to which human beings are sub- 
jected for various offences, few, perhaps, are more severe than 



those inflicted in Russia by a kind of whip called knout which 
is a long strap of leather prepared for the purpose. 

"With this whip the executioners dexterously carry a slip of 
skin from the neck to the bottom of the back, laid bare to the 
waist; and repeating their blows, in a little while rend away all 
the skin off the back in parallel strips. In the common knout, 
the criminal receives the lashes suspended on the back of one of 
the executioners; but in the great knout, which is generally used 
on the same occasions as racking on the wheel was in France, 
the criminal is raised into the air by means of a pulley fixed to 
the gallows, and a cord fastened to the two wrists, which are tied 
together; a piece of wood is placed between his two legs, which 
are also tied together; and another of a crucial form under his 
breast. Sometimes his hands are tied behind over his back, and 
when he is pulled up in this position, his shoulders are dislocated. 
The executioners can make this punishment more or less cruel; 
and it is said they are so dexterous, that when a criminal is con- 
demned to die, they can make him expire either by one or sev- 
eral lashes." 

The whipping of a certain class of criminals is now custom- 
ary in some parts of these United States, but it is not at all 
probable that this kind of punishment will become general in 
this country. 



EASY SCIENCE LESSONS. 



BY SDNNY. 



HYDROGEN. 



HYDROGEN, so called from the Greek words hydro, 
water, and gennao, to generate, is an elementary gas, 
colorless and inodorous. Its greatest peculiarity is its spe- 
cific gravity, being the lightest substance known — more than 
fourteen times lighter than air, and over two hundred and forty 
times lighter than platinum. It is combustible; its burning 
with oxygen produces a pale blue light, and considerable heat. 
The result of the burning is water. 

Although hydrogen was known to Paracelsus as early as the 
sixteenth century, and subsequently to Boyle, yet Cavendish, 
as late as the middle of the eighteenth century, was the first 
to accurately discover its properties and the methods of obtain- 
ing it. Hence he is usually mentioned as its discoveror. 

As water consists, by measure, of two parts of hydrogen to 
one of oxygen, we would naturally look upon this element as 
an abundant and important one. While this is true, hydrogen 
does not possess very marked or intense chemical properties, 
there being only two substances (oxygen and chlorine) with 
which it unites at an ordinary temperature, under the influ- 
ence of sunlight. However the element finds its way into 
many substances: It is found in the organism of every animal 
and plant, in the products of art and medicine, such as sugar, 
starch, vinegar, alcohol, analine, indigo, morphia, strychnia 
and in many acids eight or more of which take their name 
from the element itself, ashydrocynic, hypopospherous, hydro- 
fluosilicic, etc. It is also an essential element in some natural 
and common gases, as marsh gas, ammonia and hydrosu!- 
phuric acid, which is the same gas as that which rises with 
the waters of our Warm Springs, north of the city. Like- 
wise it is found in some minerals, as coal, amber and many 
others. While, perhaps with a third or more of all the ele- 
ments, hydrogen enters into combination, forming compound 
substances. 

Thus, although the element may not possess the most bril- 
liant properties, its great utility cannot be doubted, or its use- 
fulness questioned. 




¥ 176 
2> 



JTJYEITILB I1TSTRTJOTOB, 




WHAT ARE THE SAINTS DOING? 



BT JAMES A. LITTLE. 



'"PHE Saints are endeavoring to keep the commandments of 
*■ God as written in His holy word, to preach the gos- 
pel to all the world, to inspire the hearts of men with faith in 
God the Father, and in the atonement of Jesus Christ, that 
wickedness ma} - come to an end. 

They are laboring to gather all who will receive the gospel 
into one people, that they may become one in spirit, one in 
their labors and have but one purpose in life: the building up 
of the kingdom of God on the earth. 

They cultivate peace with all men, that it may prevail over 
all the earth. It is a part of their earthly mission to people 
the waste places of the earth, and build temples wherein to 
receive the blessings of eternal life. They need peace that 
they may the better perform these labors. 

They are endeavoring to obey the commandment of our 
Heavenly Father, to multiply and fill the earth with inhabit- 
ants. They have the right, in common with their fellow-citi- 
zens, to keep this commandment, that this land of promise 
may be covered with cities and villages, and produce, in abund- 
ance, the means of sustaining life. 

They are laboring to establish a literal kingdom of God on 
the earth, of which Jesus Christ shall be the acknowledged 
head. Unless this is done there will be no people on the 
earth prepared to meet the kingdom of heaven when it shall 
come with Christ in His glory. 

They build temples that all mankind — both the dead and 
the living — may receive the blessings of salvation, and the 
generations cf mankind be united in the bonds of the new 
and everlasting covenant. Also that a fitting place may be 
prepared for the fulfillment of the prophecy of Malachi: 

"And the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to His 
temple, even the messenger of the covenant whom ye 
delight in." [MdL at, 1.) 

The Lord has enjoined it upon them to carry the records of 
the Nephites, the Book of Mormon, to their brethren, the 
American Indians, that they may learn of and receive the 
promises made to their fathers, rely on the merits of the Sav- 
ior and be raised up from the ignorance and degradation of 
centuries. 

They endeavor to practice the principles of liberty and equal- 
ity. Hence they are laboring to establish the utmost freedom 
of action for all men that is consistent with the general inter- 
ests of society. They condemn the actions of wicked and 
corrupt rulers, but sustain the constitution of their country, 
believing that it was given of Cod and is adapted to the 
wants of this country. They strive to exercise patience, for- 
bearance and long-suffering towards their enemies, that, with 
tin' -pirit of peace and truth, they may overcome all things 
and thereby become heirs of all things. 

They invite tho-e who approve of their works to unite with 
them, that together they may inherit the earth in the presence 
of OUT IIeav.nlv lather. They say to all men, "Search the 
scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life." They 
furnish many testimonies of the divine origin of the work in 
which they are engaged. 




To be respected as honorable is better than to be admired as 
Et genius. 



ENIGMA 



BT B. J. BEER. 

Sometimes I flutter in the air, 

Sometimes I whirl around; 
My owner oft, in sad despair, 

Finds me hurled to the ground. 
My shape is truly strange, you'll say: 

I've got a lengthy tail, 
And oft upon a sultry day 

I in the dust do trail. 
Two wings I have to help me fly, 

But they are very short; 
To guess my name let each one try, 

And to the printer then report. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No 9, Vol. 1 9, _is 
Eli H. Murray. It has been correctly solved by Ada Tracy, 
American Fork; Laura E. Griffin, Kanarra; Frank and Lester 
Merrill, Logan; Celia Raymond, Kaysville; Win. H. Streeper, 
Centerville; Josephine Workman, Farniington; Ann P. Gar- 
rett, Riverside Station; Wm. Smith, West Porterville; S. P. 
Horsley, Paragoonah; John T. Rigby, Hooper City; Delina 
Willis, Liketown; J.J. Anderson, Lehi; I. P. Price, Mill 
Creek; John Hancock, Taylor, Arizona. 

We have also received the following answer from Ward E. 
Pack of Kamas: 

An enigma, indeed, must the character be, 

So full of deceit, fraud and chicanery; 

So untrue to the welfare and good of his soul, 

As the being whom your Riddler chose for a whole. 

In Utah despised for his lying and craft, 

Kentucky, too, felt a few darts from his shaft. 

A name once honored on history's page, 

What a pity that, in this degenerate age, 

Power to blacken and blast its fair fame 

Should be given to one so unworthy the same, 

That in all future time it dishonored must be ! 

Your whole with you I agree is Eli H. Murray. 



-•* — ••• 



Tue beauty of excellence is simplicity. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



.ii-.iHK.i-. Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




