hf* 



THE JPE1E IMSTRICTOR. 



NO. 5. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1866. 



VOL 1. 



|>attrtj. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
THE • STABS. 

BY E. R. SNOW. 



Children, look at the stars^when they're shining 
bright * 

In the clear blue sky, on a cloudless night; 

Little lamps by the million! how pretty they are! 

Can you tell me who placed them, and keeps 
them there? 

When the curtain of clouds is rolled away, 
You may see this grand tableau, without any pay, 
But a tribute of praise is their Maker's due, 
Not only from parents, but children too. 

'Tis because they are off in the distance so far, 
That those beautiful lamps appear small, but each 

star 
Is as large as a world; then how far they must be! 
It is millions of miles to each star that you see. 

Do you think of a hand that can reach so high 
As to fasten those lamps so far up in the sky? 
The great God placed them there— He's our Fath- 
er too, 
And He sees little children and sees what they do. 

Does the morning sun drive the stare away? t 
No: but stars are not seen by the light of day: 
And now children, remember, the night reveals 
Many beautiful things that the day conceals. . 

Think of this when in life's future path you 



move 



And think, too, that the lights always shine from 

above; 
And if darkness should ever your steps surround, 
Be sure to look up, where the stars can be found. 

Out 4 good Father who made the stars and sky, 
Has beautiful palaces built on high; 
And for all good children who seek to do 
His will, He has lovely mansions too. 

Oh how great and how wise that God must be! 
And how good to remember you and me! 
He loves all the good, and when good people die, 
They all go to those bright, happy homes on high. 



38iagrnpjnj. 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. 

(continued.) 



The plates which the angel gave to Joseph were 
not far from eight inches w.ide-and were not quite 
as thick as common tin. The writing or engraving 
was on both sides, and was small and beautifully 
written. They were fastened together in the form 
of a book by three rings running through the edges 
of all the leaves or plates. The volume was nearly 
six inches thick, and a part of it was sealed so that 
Joseph could not read or translate it. This part 
which was sealed has not been translated; but the 
Lord has promised that He will give it to'his peo- 
ple when the proper time arrives. But we cannot 
expect He will reveal more unto us, if we neglect 
that which He has already given to us. When the 
heavenly Messenger, whose name was Moroni — the 
same prophet who had buried them — delivered the 
plates up to Joseph, he charged him that he should 
be responsible for them. He told him that he 
should be cut off, if he let them get out of his hands 
through carelessness or neglect; but if he would do 



his best to take care of them, until he should call 
for them, they should be protected. 

There were good reasons for giving Joseph such 
stroag charges to keep the plates safe; for as soon 
as it became known that he had them, men tried in 
every way to get them away from him. After hav- 
ing obtained them, and while carrying them home, 
two meD, who had hid themselves for the purpose 
of robbing him of the plates, attacked him. Be- 
fore Joseph saw them, one of them struck him with 
a club. But Joseph could not be handled very 
easily. He was twenty-one years old, and he was 
a large man, and very strong and active, and he 
succeeded in .getting away from them. They chased 
him until he came near to his father's house, when 
they left him, very much disappointed, no doubt, 
that they had not got the plates. 
t His life was in continual danger from the wick- 
ed; mobs frequently surrounded his house and tried 
to injure him. He was shot at several times; but 
he escaped. They tried in every way they could 
think of to get hold of the plates, and were con- 
tinually telling all manner of lies about Joseph. 
Being in danger of his life from those wicked people 
where he was then living, he resolved to move into 
the State of Pennsylvania, where his wife**? parents 
resided. Joseph, when he was about twenty years 
old, had been employed by a man, to go into Penn- 
sylvania to work for him, and while there he board- 
ed at a Mr. Hale's. He became acquainted with 
Emma Hale, the daughter ef Mr. Hale, and he af- 
terwards married her. 

When Joseph started for Pennsylvania he hid the 
plates in a barrel of beans in his wagon. He had not 
.gone far before an officer overtook him with a search 
warrant. A search warrant is a paper which a Jus- 
tice of the Peace makes out, to give a policeman or 
constable authority to search for stolen goods through 
the house or amongthe things of any person who may 
be suspected of stealing. Joseph had no't taken 
anything that belonged to anybody else, and these 
wicked men knew that he had not ; but the devil 
prompted them to try, in this way, to get hold of 
the plates. The officer searched the wagon very 
carefully; but he could not find what he wanted, at 
which he was very much disappointed. . After this 
officer went back, another officer followed, and he 
also searched the wagon; but was no more success- 
ful than the first one was. 

Boys, you can see by reading this how many 
difficulties Joseph had to meet with to accomplish 
what the Lord had commanded him to perform. 
Many men, if they had been shot at, and mobbed, 
and called all manner of evil names, as Joseph had 
been, would have been so frightened that they 
would have given up and not tried to do what the 
Lord required. But this was not the case with 
Joseph. He loved God, aud he loved the truth, 
and he had faith in God aud in His power to deliv- 
er him. He was as bold as a lion, and the whole 
world could not make him ashamed of the truth or 
afraid to declare it. Opposition did not scare him, 
for he knew that the Lordiiad the power to carry 
on His work and to bring him off triumphantly. 

After reaching Pennsylvania Joseph commenced 
copying the writing which was on the plates, and 
by the aid of the Urim aud Thummim, he trans- 
lated them. In February, 182S, a gentleman by 



the name of Martin Harris came to see Joseph ; 
he had, before that, assisted ^ Joseph with means to 
move from New' York to Pennsylvania. He took 
the characters which Joseph had drawn off, and 
the translation of some of them, and started with 
them to the City of New York. When he reached 
that city, he took them to a gentleman, who was 
widely known for his learning — a Professor Charles 
Anthon, who gave him a certificate that they were 
true characters, and that the translation was cor- 
rect; but when he was told that Joseph had the 
plates revealed to him by an angel of God, he took 
the certificate and tore it up, saying there was no 
such thing now as angels coming to men. He also 
told Martin Harris, that if he would bring the plates 
to him, he would translate them. He told him 
that he was forbidden to bring them, and that a 
part of the plates wa-s sealed. Mr. Anthon replied: 
"I cannot read a sealed book.'' He also took them 
to Doctor Mitchell who agreed with what Professor 
Anthon had said. If our little readers will look in 
their Bibles, and find the 29th chapter of Isaiah, 
and the 1 1th to the 14th verses, they will see that the 
Lord had predicted about this through the prophet 
Isaiah about 2,500 years before it came to pass. 
(to be continued.) 



•«aM 



THE STORY OF ATLAS 




*4|h 



Many of my little friends no doubt think that 
the above picture is a very strange one. It repre- 
sents a man kneeling in the midst of high moun- 
tains, almost crushed to the ground by a great 
globe or ball resting!, on his shoulders. Perhaps 
you would like to know who he is, and what he is 
doing. His name is Atlas, and the large globe 
on his shoulders is meant for the world on.whichwe 
live. 

The people who dwelt on the earth a few thou- 
sands of years ago had no printing presses, but the 
old people used to tell the young ones what they 
had heard about things which took place before 
their day, and thus historical tales were handed 
down for hundreds of years. This is called tradi- 
tion. Now, those tales, from being so often told, 
and as people seldom tell a tale exactly as they 
hear it, soon had a great amount of error and false- 
hood mixed up with the truth; and when we read 
many of them now we can scarcely tell what part 
of them is true and what is false. The story of 
Atlas runs thus: — About the time that Moses led , 
the children of Israel out of Egypt to the land of 
promise a king reigned over a very large country 
on the north-western coast of Africa, called Mauri- 
tania, whose name was Atlas. If you win look on 
a map of Africa you will find two countries called 
Morocco and Fez; these are part of king" Atlas' 
ancient kingdom. It is said he was a very learned 



18 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



" S j-^r^rj' »' *- j~ w ■ 



■„-ss~'-/ ■SS~'-r^ 



rv'*/S^v r v"*/ , *^"'^V*/V 



//Ar//AV/«"wW/v'.*, 



man, for those times, and first taught his people As- 
tronomv, and also that the earth was round like a 
ball or orange, just the same as the sun or moon. 
Before his time the moat of the inhabitants of the 
world thought that the earth was a large flat plain, 
but it is now known to be like a ball, for men have 
sailed round it in ships. The old traditionary 
story says that Atlas was changed into a range 
of mountains, which of course is not true, though 
there is a rauge of mountains which still bears his 
name, in the kingdom over which he ruled. 

Sow, will my little friends try to remember, 
when they see a picture of a man with the world on 
his back, that it represents Atlas, who, the gentiles 
think, first taught that the world was round: and 
to keep this in remembrance he is represented with 
a globe on his shoulders. But many of the ser- 
vants of God knew that the world was round long 
before Atlas was born.' Will they also remember 
that the Atlas mountains are named after him? A 
book containing maps of the world and its coun- 
tries is also called an Atlas, for the same reason. 



*&4^B&P^&** 



LITTLE FOLKS' PRAYERS 



1 SWISS FAMILY 



[Ffor the Juvenile Instructor. 




We asked a Utile boy the other day if he said 
his prayers every night and morning unto the Lord. 
He told us .that he prayed every night before he 
went to bed ; but he did not in the morning. This 
little boy may have thought that he only wanted 
the Lord to take care of him while he was asleep, 
and could not see anything; and that, when he was 
awake, he could take* care of himself. 

Now, this would be a very foolish thought for 
anybody to have. The Lord has to watch over us 
by day, as well as by night, to keep us from harm. 
Everybody may meet with danger and sickness in 
the day-time as much as by night. The little folks 
who read this paper should not, therefore, be like 
this little boy in this respect; but should always 
pray to the Lord at night, before they go to bed, 
and before theyrget too sleepy to pray; and also in 
the morning before they commence to play or at- 
tend to anything they may have to do. You never 
forget to eat your breakfast before you go to school, 
nor to eat your supper before you go to bed, do 
you, children? And if you pray regularly, night 
and morning, to the Lord, you will soon find that 

your spirits are fed by so doing, as much as your 
bodies are by eating. If you do this when you are 
young, it will become a habit with you, and you 
will feel very bad when you do not attend to it, 
just as much as you would if you were to go with- 
out eating your breakfast or supper. 

God loves little children, and when they call 
upon Him He listens to their prayers, and He 
draws near unto them. - ". But if they never pray to 
Him, or only pray once in a while, He is not very 
close to* them; and if they should get into trouble, 
or want tfny thing, and call upon Him for it, they 
may have to call some time before He will answer 
them* 

We have known bovs to be sent out to hunt 

ii 

stock on the rauge, who were in the habit of pray- 
iug to the Lord. Sometimes they could not»find 
the animal they wanted, and they would kneel down 
and ask the Lord, to help them. He would lead 
them to where the animal was, or lead the animal to 
meet them. This is an easy thing for the Lord ' to 
do, when we ask Him in faith. 

We knew a ' little boy whose father had taught 
him to pray to the Lord for whatever, he wanted. 
One day he lost something that he prized very high- 
ly: and, after hunting for it some time, he could 
not find it. Just then he thought of what his father 
had told him about praying to the Lord. He 
was by himself at the time, and he knelt right down 
and asked the Lord to help him to find what he had 
• lost. As he arose from his knees he looked around 
him, jyul soon spied the article he was looking for. 
This pleased him so much that he had to tell his 
father about the Lord answering his prayer. 

Children, when you are not alone, you still can 
pray to the Lord fdr what you want. You can 
pray in your hearts. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
THE JEWS. 

The people of Egypt did not like shepherds at 
the time when Jacob and his family went down 
to that land. The reason of this was, that Egypt 
had been overrun at one time, and conquered by 
a people who were shepherds, from a country 
called Phoenicia, and these shepherds had ruled 
over the Egyptians for a long time, keeping them 
in a state of slavery. Jacob had been living in 
a country ealled Canaan, which you will find on 
a map of Asia, bearing the name of Palestine, 
and a part of Asia Minor or lesser Asia.' The 
people of Canaan had many flocks and herds, and 
cities. They are very temperate in their habits, and I therefore were nearly all shepherds. When the 
though they commonly use wine at table, it is of | king of Egypt found out that Joseph's father and 
their own manufacture, free from adulterated mate- 1 brethren were shepherds he gave them the land 
rials, and rarely is any person intoxicated. Thele j of g^en to live in, which was the most fertile 
are many excellent traits of character in the Swiss; | part of tha , land Here they glw and prospei .. 

ed exceedingly for many years, both- while Jacob 



There is no eountry in Europe that presents such 
attractions to the tourist as Switzerland — or the 
land of William Tell, as it is often called. Its 
mountains, its valleys and its lakes are pictured in 
every eountry of the world, and its history is re- 
plete with interest to every student. It is a beauti- 
ful country, and its inhabitants in the mountains, 
where they have little intercourse with strangers, 
are honest, frugal and industrious, and come near- 
er in 1 sbcial customs to tho inhabitants of Utah 
than do any other people we know of. They pro- 
duce their own clothing, indeed everything they 
wear and use, and seldom purchase the fine clothes 
and use the luxuries that are so common in the 



but none so marked as that of industry — they 
are a working people, and that is a great virtue. 
The picture presented here before our young 
readers is ftiat of a mountaineer with his family 
and goats ascending to the high valleys where 
every spring they go to herd and make choice 
cheese. One glance at- the picture readily recalls 
to the recollection of the writer what he has often 
seen in that country. 

The mule is quiet and docile, bearing the chnTns 
and othei' vessels used in the dairy, while the lit- 
tie boy with his horn calls the goats to follow' • 
The herd boy there is kind to the goats commit- 
ted to his charge, and they know his call- and 
answer it with as great readiness as good chil- 
dren answer to the call of their parents. The 
whole of the subjects of the artist's pencil here 
are faithfully represented. It is a family group, 
for in reality the very peaceable mule and the 
frisky goats are as much members of this. moun- 
taineer's family as his little boys, for in many of 



and Joseph lived and after they died. But when 
a great many years had 'passed away, a king 
reigned over Egypt who oppressed the Jews, or 
Hebrews as they were then called; and laid heavy 
burdens on them, keeping them in a state of sla- 
very. The Lord raised up a prophet, however, 
named Moses, who, with his brother Aaron, came 
before the king of Egypt and asked leave, for the 
children of Israel to go away into the wilderness 
to worship God. This the king would not per- 
mit, and the Jjord, through Moses and Aaron, did 
many wonderful things, bringing terrible plagues 
upon «the people of- Egypt, until their king allowed 
Moses to lead ttiie 'Hebrews away. After they 
had gone some little time, the wicked king was 
angry with himself for what he had done, and he 
got together his soldiers, with their horses, their 
carriages of war, called chariots, and their arms, 
and pursued the Hebrews to bring them back to 
slavery. When the children of Israel saw their 



they all seek shelter 
storms of the day, 



together from the 



or the 



chilling 



air 



passing 
of the 



nights. 



T. B. H. S. 



the chalets, as they call their mountain shanties, i former masters pursuing them, they were very 

much afraid, being close by the Bed Sea; and 

having no way to escape, as they thought. But 

the Lord, through Moses, made the water of the 

| Red Sea separate, and opened a path through on 

the bottom of the sea, by which they passed over 
to the other side. The king of Egypt and his sol- 
diers followed them, to overtake 'them; but. when 
they were in the middle of the sea, and the ' chil- 
dren of Israel had all got over, the Lord caused 
the water to return to its former place, drowning 
the king of Egypt and all his men; while the peo- 
ple of God were thus delivered by the power of the 



It is a waste of time to complain of other peo- 
ple's faults. The best thing we can do is to mend 
our own. 

When the well is dry, we learn the worth of 
water. A misspent life brings shame, regret and 
sorrow. 



The mind makes the man. 



Almighty. 



\ — 



THE JUVENILu: INSTRUCTOR 



19 



/•^-^w-N^-w-^* 



Clie SttofniU Jttstnutitr. 



GEORGE Q, CANNON, EDITOR, 



MARCH 1, 1866 



OBEDIENCE TO PARENTS 



Our little readers, we expect, have all heard 
about Abraham, who, for his goodness, was called 
the friend of God. He had a son, whom he loved 
very much, of the name of Isaac. Three angejs of 
God came and visited Abraham, and tokLhim and* 
his wife Sarah, before Isaac was born, that they 
should have such a son. When this child grew to 
be some size, God commanded Abraham to take 
the boy and go off to a distant mountain and offer 
him upas a burnt offering: that is, to kill him and 
burn his body with fire on an altar. 

Was not this a strange command for God to give 
to His servant? 

He wanted to try Abraham, and find out wheth- 
er he would do as the Lord told him, rather than to 
do what he himself thought to be right. Abraham 
did not stop to ask the Lord what He meant by 
telling him to kill the son which he had given him, 
and who, He had told him, would live to be a 
mighty man and the head of a great family. 

He took Isaac, and two young men with him, 
and started for the mountain. where he supposed he 
had to kill and burn his boy. When he came in 
sight of the place, he told the two young men to 
stop with the ass which they had, and he and Isaac 
would go to the place and worship. Then Abra- 
ham took the wood which he had prepared to make 
the fire with, and laid it on Isaac for him to carry, 
and he himself took some fire and the knife, and 
"they started. • 

Up to this time Abraham had not told Isaac 
what he intended to do, and Isaac, when he saw 
that his father had no lamb to offer up, asked him 
where the lamb was for the burnt offering. Abra- 
ham answered him that G.od would himself provide 
a burnt offering. 

When they reached the place, Abraham built an 
altar of stones, and then laid the wood upon it, and 
took Isaac, his son, and bound him and laid him on 
the top of the wood; He then took the knife to kill 
his boy. But at that moment the angel of the 
Lord called to him out of heaven. When Abra- 
ham heard his name called he answered, and the 
angel told him not to hurt' his boy, nor do anything 
to him; and he told Abraham that" now he' knew 
' that he feared God, seeing that he would not with- 
hold his son whom he loved so much, from him. 
Abraham afterwards found a ram fast in a thicket, 
by the horns, and he took and .offered him up for a 
'burnt offering in the stead of his son. 

No matter what God asked Abraham to do he 
always did it. Therefore God loved Abraham very 
much, and called him His friend. And God loved 
Isaac' too, for he was obedient like his father. The 
Bible does not tell us how old Isaac was when His 
. father took him to the mountain to offer him up; 
but Josephus, a Jewish historian, tells us that he 
was twenty-five years old at the time. The Bible 
says he was so -large that he could' carry the wood 
for his father. 

There are many boys in these days who disobey 
their fathers and will not do as they tell them in 
very little things. But this was riot the case with 
Isaac, he did not want to run away from his father, 
neither did he fight or resist liim when he laid him 
on the altar to kill him. Abraham was his father, 
and if he wanted to kill him, he would submit to 
his wishes and obey him. Josephus says that 
when Abraham told Isaac that God had command- 



ed him to kill him, Isaac said that if God had not 
commanded his father, and he himself had wished 
to kill him, that it would have been the same, he 
would have submitted to his father. 

This is the feeling which every boy who has such 
a father as Abraham was, should always have to- 
wards his father, Such a father would never ask 
his boy to do anything that the Lord would not be 
pleased with. But when a wicked parent tells a 
child to do a thing which God has forbidden, the 
child should obey God, for He is the great Parent 
of all. 

This command • \?as not given to Abraham to 
punish him, but to try him, and it also tried Isaac. 
But God always opens the way for those who are 
obedient to him and put their trust in him, to es- 
cape from every trial and affliction. 

Our young readers can find the story of Isaac, by 
turning to their Bibles, in the 22nd chapter of the 
book of Genesis. 

Children, God has made great promises to you, 
if you obey your parents. You have good parents 
who love you and who do all they can for you. Do 
not grieve them by disobeying them. Isaac is an 
example of obedience which you ought to follow. 
One of the commandments which God gave to Is- 
rael was: "Honor thy father, and thy mother, 
that thy days may . be long upon the land which 
the Lord thy God giveth thee." A curse was pro- 
nounced by the Lord upon all children who treated 
their father and mother lightly. 



MARCH 



March is the third month in the year, though 
in the Roman year, as well as in the English ec- 
clesiastical calendar, which was used until the year 
1752, it was the first month; and the legal year 
commenced en the 25th of the month. It received 
the name of Martins by the Romans, from Mars, 
the reputed father of their nation, who was also 
the god of war. Its present name is derived from 
Martins, the Romau name. The Anglo-Saxons, 
from whom a great portion of the inhabitants of 
the United States are descended, gave this month 
the name of Hlyd Monatli, which means "stormy 
month." 



■••44 



mm 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

from 



THE WIND. 



The wind is the most changeable in disposition of 
anything we know; sometimes he very obligingly 
cools off the4ieated brow of the weary traveler on 
a hot summer day, and in the next minute throws 
sand into his eyes; or he is tearing along the valley 
throwing up the dust like a mad bull, or driving the 
clouds before him as a dog does a flock of sheep. We 
know not where he comes from, nor where he is 
rushing to ; he makes his appearance from all points 
of the compass. Sometimes he is wished for by the 
people and will not stir, and then again, when no- 
body wants him, ho. howls around the house, rattles 
on doors and windows, shakes the trees, takes off 
boys' caps and sends them dancing along the road; 
nobody can stop him, or change him, he seems to 
have his own way; obedient only to the word of 
'Him, who makes the winds hfe angels and the light- 
nings to be his servants. 

Air is so'nne a substance that the least cause can 
put it in motion ; a boy whistles, and he causes a cur- 
rent of air; a girl fans herself, and forces the air to 
move. When the wind is very gentle, it is called a 
breeze, which moves along with the swiftness of a 
fast horse. Poets call it, when rustling through 
the branches of the old oak tree or playing with 
the leaves of arose, a zephyr; it is called a wind 
when it goes from fifty t& sixty miles an hour; hur- 



ricanes, tornadoes and cyclones, however, rage furi- 
ously along with the velocity of 100 to 150 miles 
an hour, tearing down everything in their mad ca- 
reer. The West India Islands, Cape Hatteras in 
North Carolina, and Cape Horn, are the points in 
America most subject to hurricanes. But a hurri- 
cane in all its terrible grandeur, accompanied by 
thunder and lightning, can only be witnessed on 
mid-ocean, where it raises the waves mountain high; 
The roaring, shrieking, howling and whistling of 
the wind drown the human voice, and man bends 
down in terror before the awful majesty of nature. 

You, children, have all seen whirlwinds, carrying 
the dust high up to the clouds; they are caused by 
two winds meeting in opposite directions; and sev- 
eral learned men, in modern times, maintain that 
all hurricanes are nothing but the same kind of 
whirlwinds, only much larger; that is, they all have 
the form of a spinning top; it is said also, that the 
more furious a hurricane is, over the less extent of 
country does it spread itself. 

There is a wind in the great desert Sahara in 
Africa, which is called the Simoom or poisonous 
wind, which is so intensely hot and dry that a tum- 
blerfull of water will be dry in half an hour if ex- 
posed to it; flowers die, the leaves of the trees turn 
yellow in a few hours, and whole companies of trav- 
elers often perish when overtaken by such a wind 
on the open sand plain, their tongues turning black 
within their mouths and their blood almost literal- 
ly drying up in their bodies. That same wind, in a 
milder form though , is known in Italy by the name 
of Sirocco, and in Switzerland as the Foehn. 

Every man who has a windmill likes to build his 
mill at the side of a valley, where he can have the 
benefit of the "valley wind," that commences to 
come from the valley every afternoon as soon as the 
sun has left, but is still shining upon the surround- 
ing country. Sailors prefer going to sea in the 
evening, being taken out by the "landwind/' and 
ruuning into port in the morning aided by the "sea- 
wind.*' Certain kinds of winds blow in the spring 
and fall in tropical regions, which are called the 
tradewinds, that are made use of by ships in reach- 
ing their destination faster; they keep blowing in 
certain directions. Their courses in many 
portions of the earth are fully understood, for they 
are produced by the motion of our earth, and the 
influence of the heat of the sun. 

These winds are called in the East Indies the 
Monsoon. 

Winds carry the seeds of plants great distances, 
and are a means in the hands of the Creator to 
adorn every portion of the earth with vegetation. 
In the Pacific Ocean it sometimes happens that 
there is no wind stirring for a long time, ; and then 
ships stand still as if frozen in ice, which has of- 
ten proved fatal to the men on board, they having 
died for want of fresh water and food. 

When the wind blows in winter, we feel the cold 
keener than when it is still. Every woman knows 
that wind dries the clothes quicker. The Eolian 
harp is a contrivance placed in the walls of garden 
houses in some countries close to the roof, with sev- 
eral different strings, by which the wind in blowing' 
across them produces such moaning and mournful 
sounds that nervous persons have been known to 
burst into tears. When the Holy Ghost was pour- 
ed out upon the first twelve Apostles in Jerusalem 
at the day of Pentacost, a noise shook the house 
wherein they sat like a powerful wind. 

From all these, my young friends, you can see 
that winds are some of those manifold agencies in 
nature, which our Heavenly Father employs in en- 
livening, beautifying, purifying and adorning the 
earth; and may we learn to listen to them as pass- 
ing messengers of the Great King, telling us that 
they have to perform their work on mountain tops 
or in the valleys, in the heat of the noonday sun or 
in the winter's cold, by day or by night. Are we 
not servants to Him, yet worth far more in His eyes? 
Should we not, at least, be as obedient as the wind, 
which our Savior commanded from the ship, and 
it was still in an instant! K. G. M. 



20 



Itraple 



nenre. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 

GIPSIES. 



SOUND 



In our last article on Simple Science, tho sub- 
ject treated on was Echoes, which are simply sounds 
returned from a distance to the place where they 
jvere made. It was stated there that sounds are 
carried on the air, and that the air, when struck 
by a sound, moves in wavelets, or little waves, like 
water struck by a pebble. These wavelets are call- 
ed vibrations. Sound is an impression produced 
upon the ear by these vibrations of the air. If a 
tuning fork, used by musicians, is held to the ear 
or moved rapidly through the air, there is no sound 
heard; but if it is struck against anything a sound 
is immediately heard. The vibration of the fork 
may be seen and felt by the hand that holds it. 
The vibrations of the fork are communicated to the 
air, and as they cease the sound dies away. If the 
fork was struck in the receiver of an air pump, 
which the air had been pumped away from, the vi- 
brations would be seen, but there would be no 

sound. 

On the same principle the strings of a harp or a 
dulcimer vibrate when struck, and the vibrations 
are quicker the shorter the string is, and slower 
when the string is longer. The consequence is, 
that the short strings give high, quick notes, and 
the long strings give deep, solemn notes. It is cal- 
culated that the vibrations of musical strings vary 
from thirty-two in a second, which produces a soft 
and deep bass, to 15,000 in a second, which pro- 
duces the sharpest treble note. 

Sounds always go at the same quickness, wheth- 
er they are high or low, strong or weak. They 
move at the rate of about twelve miles and three- 
quarters in a minute. The rate at which sound 
moves can be calculated in different ways. If you 
stand at a distance from a person who is striking 
with a large hammer or an axe, you will see, after 
a blow has been struck, the hammer or. axe being 
lifted for a second stroke before you hear the sound 
of the former one. The eye sees the stroke when 
it is given, but the ear does not hear the sound un. 
til the vibrations of the air which carry the sound 
reach it. Thus you could calculate the time it took 

for the sound to reach you, and the distance the 
man was from you, and find out how long it took 
the sound to travel that distance.. 

When a cannon or gun is fired, you can see the 
flash before you hear the sound, for light moves at 
the rate of about eleven millions of miles and a 
half in a minute, which is almost instantaneous. 
So when you see lightning you can count how far 
the thunder is distant, as the thunder will be about 
a mile away for every six seconds that elapses be- 
tween seeing the flash and hearing the thunder. A 
simple way of finding this out is by counting the 
beats of the pulse in your wrist. In an ordinary 
sized man the pulse beats about sixty times in a 
minute, or once in a second, and in a boy of twelve or 
fourteen, about seventy times in a minute; so that 
the thunder would be about a mile off for every six 
beats of a man's pulse, or seven beats of a boy's, of 
that age. 

Wood is a good conductor of sound, because it 
is susceptible of considerable vibration. If you 
scratch a pin at one end of a pole you can hear the 
sound by placing your ear at the other end. The 
earth is also a good conductor of sound, and for 
this reason savages, in many places, and the In- 
dians, will lay their ears to the ground to listen for 
footsteps of men or beasts. 

You have perhaps seen persons afflicted with 
deafness use an ear-trumpet. If you have, you 
may have noticed that the end of the trumpet 
which is in the ear is small, while the other end is large 
and very wide. The large end catches a great 
quantity of the air whichjoears the sound, and it is 
carried down the trumpet to the small end at the 
ear, and thus the ear is struck by a larger body of 
sound than it could be without this or some similar 
contrivance. 

Be ashamed of nothing but your own errors. 




PRESERVE YOUIl PAPERS. 



Many of our little, readers may have heard of 
gipsies, and a few may have seen some of them in 
other countries. They are a strange race of 
whose origin nothing certain is known. They live 
wandering lives, and do not mix with any other 
people. They do not like to live in houses, nor to 
settle down and reside in one place; but they 
travel about from place to place, living in tents, 
and obtain their food and clothing by working as 
tinkers or traveling tin-smiths, dog fanciers, or 
at anything that does not require hard work, nor 
confine them to one place. They pilfer and 
steal a great deal; while their women make 
money by pretending to tell fortunes, singing bal- 
lads, selling baskets, stealing, and in other similar 
ways. They do not like the "house-dwellers," as 
they call those who live in houses, and think it is 
right to rob and cheat them, whieh you know is 
very wrong. They do not like to obey any laws 
only their own customs, and while they can speak 
the language of the country where they live, they 
have a language of their own which they call the 
Romanny. 

A great many opinions are entertained concern- 
ing their origin and where they originally came from. 
They are called Gipsies, because it was believed at 
one time that they came from Egypt, an opinion 
which they encouraged themselves. They are call- 
ed Zingari in Italy, and Gitanos in Spain. Many 
people think that they came originally from Hindos- 
tan, in India, but there is no evidence that they 
did so other than their brown, olive color, and a 
certain similarity between the gipsy language and 
the language of Hindostan. They are found in 
Europe, Asia and Africa, and everywhere their 
manner of life is the same, — strolling about as -va- 
grants, stealing, robbing and pretending to tell for- 
tunes. In'England they can be often seen, as our 
illustration represents, camped in some nice, green 
lane, under the foliage of a shady tree in summer, 
or on a common, much as the Indians do who camp 
about our settlements, gathered in groups or wan- 
dering about by single families; but never marrying 
outside of their own people. During all seasons of 
the year they live in their little tents. They are in- 
deed a strange and peculiar race of vagabonds. 

A Word to Boys. — Boys, did you ever think 
that this great world, with all its wealth and woe, 
with all its mines and mountains, its oceans, seas 
and rivers, with all its shipping, rail-roads and! 
magnetic telegraphs* with all its millions of me^i,' 
and all the science and progress of ages, will soon 
be given over to the hands of the boy,s_ of the pres- 1 
ent age. It will be so. Believe it, and look 
abroad upon your inheritance, and get ready to 
enter upon your possessions. 



We hope that all our little readers 
will be very careful with their papers, 
and n»t dirty or tear them; but keep 
them smooth, and when the year is 
ended they can have them stitched to- 
gether or bound 'into a book. These 
papers can be read a number of times, 
and still be interesting; and if you- keep 
them, your little brothers and sisters, 
who cannot read them now, will be 
glad to have them when they are able 
to read. We know some little chil- 
dren who take the Instructor; and who, after 
reading them very carefully, put them away in, a 
newspaper to keep them nice aiid clean,' as they 
have been promised that if they take care of them 
their parents will have them bound for them when 
the volume is complete. 



■+44 



The back numbers of the Juvenile Instructor 
can be supplied to persons wishing to subscribe. 



What I Love to See. — I love to see a child; 
when playing with brother or sister, always gentle 
and kind. 

I love to see a child, when sent on an errand, im- 
mediately start and promptly perform the duty, and 
then at once return home. 

I love to see a child, when sent to school, not 
loiter by the way, but reach the school-room at the 
time the teacher enters. 



Industry, economy and prudence are the sure 
forerunners of success. They create that admira- 
ble combination of powers in one which always 
conduces, to eventful prosperity. 

There is a closer connection between good sense 
and good nature than is generally supposed. 

Frequently review your conduct, and note your 
failings. 

Humility is a flower that prospers most when 
planted on the rich soil of a noble and great mind. 

Fire is a good servant, bnt a hard master; mas- 
ter your passions, «nd they will serve you. 

Good children never insult persons who pass 
along the street. 

They are obedient to their parents and teachers, 
and kind to their playmates. 

They do not quarrel, or fight; bad boys do these 
things. 



CHARADE. 



BY ANDREW A. CAHOON. 



I am composed of 18 letters. 

My 1, 2, 11, 12, 6, 15, 4 is an attribute of God. 

My 7, 17, 3, 8, is our duty to God. 

My 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 6, 17, 5, is what all 
persons need. 

My whole is black and white, amusing, instruc- 
tive and should be in every family circle in Utah. 




ao&*4< 



►*** 



A Hasty Temper. — Strive hard to subdue a 
hasty temper Anger will come, but resist it stout- 
ly. A spark will set a house on fire. A fit of 
passion may give you cause to mourn all the days 
of your life. Never revenge an injury. 

He that revenge's knows no rest; 
The meek possess a peaceful breast. 



& 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
On the Mrst and Fifteenth of every Month. 

:o: 

GEOKGE Q. CANNON, Editor. 
:o: 

TERMS-ALWAYS IN ADVANCE, 

Single Copy, for Six Months SI 50 

Single Copy, per Annum % 3 00 

Ten Copies, per Annum, furnished to Clubs 

and Agents .' 27 00 

Where grain and other articles are paid on subscriptions, 
they will be received at cash market rates where they., are 
paid in. It is expacted where Agents forward names»they 
will be responsible for the papers thus ordered; and when 
cash payments are made they will please forward them 
with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

Elder Wm. H. Sheartnan, Logan, will act as General 
Agent for Cache Valley. 

Grain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor 
will be received, for the present, at the General Tithing 
Office; care should be taken to state on what account it is 
paid in. 

Bishops and other influential men will oblige by aiding 
in i ncreasing the subscription of the Juvenile Ij^structok. 

No pains will be spared to make this paper, both in 
matter and appearance, worthy of the patronage of every 
parent in the Territory. 



