
VOL. XVII 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1882. 



NO. 4. 



THE LITTLE PAINTER. 



O 



|UR little friend in the picture aspires to be a painter. 
He is the owner 




of a little box of 
water-color paints 
and a pencil, which 
he is very proud of 
With his colors and 
a bowl of water be- 
fore him, into which 
he occasionally dips 
his brush, he is work- 
ing away at his p c- 
ture as intently as 
any "old master." 
His little sister, who 
has been playing 
with her doll, has 
stopped to watch 
and admire his ef- 
forts, and no doubt 
she will encourage 
him by praising his 
picture after he gets 
through. 

He must not be 
saiLsfied, at painting 
well enough to please 
his little sister, for 
.she is not much of a 
judge of ait. And 
he must not get con- 
ceited because she 
praises his work, and 
cease to try to do 
better. Undue 
praise sometimes 
has a wor.se effect 
upon a person than 
severe criticism. 
By the criticism of 
others we learn of 
the defects in our 
work and see where- 




in we can improve; but but when others praise our work 
_ _ beyond what it mer- 
its, we see no reason 
for further persever- 
ance. 

It is likely that 
this boy has a talent 
for drawing and 
painting; if so, he 
should, by all means, 
cultivate it. It will 
be much easier for 
him to learn, and he 
will be more likely 
to excel than if he 
had no natural taste 
for such work. But 
he and all other boys 
may set it down as a 
rule, that excellence 
in any branch of art 
never comes without 
patient and perse- 
vering study and 
toil. However gift- 
ed one may be, he 
must practice before 
he can become a pol- 
ished, finished work- 
man. A person sel- 
dom excels as an 
arti.st, or even as a 
mechanic, who is not 
thoroughly in love 
with his work. Un- 
lc>s his love for and 
pride in his work 
amount almost to a 
passion, continually 
urging him to action, 
ho is not likely to 
rise muc^h above his 
fellows by his supe 




''ii 



50 



O'TJ'VElsriLE in^ST-E^/TJOTOI?.. 




rior ability. He may be naturally more apt at learning than 
most persons are, but this quality, in the long run, is not of so 
much conse(iuenee as persi^tent industry and methodical 
habits. It happens very freiiucntly that the person who 
learns easily forgets readily, while the one who has to labor 
hard for all he acquires retains it the longer. There is virtue 
in the effort. The precocious child learns so easily that he 
sees no necessity for exerting himself, and the habits of care- 
less indifference which he furms prove a barrier to further 
progress. If he exerted himself as hard as his fellows, he 
would, doubtless, advance much faster than they could ; but 
if he have no other incentive than the mere desire to keep 
pace with them, he is likely to find, in time, that they have 
outstripped him. This truth is illustrated in the fable of the 
hare and the tortoise. Tfie hare, conscious of his ability to 
go as far in a few moments as the tortoise could in a day, lay 
down for a quiet nap after engaging in a race with his slow- 
moving friend. But the sequel proved that he counted too 
much on his own superiority, (or the tortoi.se by persistent 
traveling, while his rival slept and idled away his time, went so 
far that the hare failed to overtake him. 

We would like to impress upon our readers, young and old, 
that we owe it as a duty to our Creator to make the best 
po.^sible use of the talents with which we are endowed. 
'"Where much is given much is required." If we are bles.sed 
with gift.^ that others do not possess, it is our duty to put 
them to u.-.e, to keep them in practice, to exert them for the 
benefit of mankind. If we do this, our talents will increase. 
If we fail to do it, we are sure, in time, to lo,se our gifts, and 
we will be no better or smarter than if we had never possessed 
them. This truth is expres.sed in the saying of the Savior : 
"UDto you that hear shall more be giveu. For he that hath, 
to him shall be given : and he that hath not, from him shall 
be taken even that which he hath." 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCM 



E 






( Continued from page 30). 

LDKR P. P. PRATT, who was laboring in the ministry 
in the Eastern Slates, wrote to his brethren of the 
Twelve at Nauvoo, that the public were entirely indifl^erent to 
his preaching. In New Vork they would neither come to 
meeting, hear, nor read the truth ; and it seemed to him that 
his labors in the ministry were done in that city and nearly so 
in the nation. He added: "My garments are dear if the 
people perish." 

President Wilford Woodruff publi.shed at Liverpool three 
thou.sand copies of the Hook of l>octrine and Covenants. l}y 
immediately .securing the copyright of the same, he defeated 
a .secret scheme of the enemies of the Church, who were 
taking measures to print the book and .secure the copyright. 

President Young received a respectful answer from Governor 
Tlioma.s S. Drew in reply to the communication to him as 
Governor of Arkansa.s, alleging his inability to protect us in 
the State of Arkansas, and suggesting the propriety of the 
"Mormons" settling Oregon, California, Nebraska, or some 
other countrj' where we would be out of the reach of our 
persecutors. He was the only governor in the Cnited Slates 
who deigned to reply to the appeal of the committee in 
behalf of the Church. 

Governor I)rew referred the Saints to the patriarchal 
proposition of Abraham to Lot, about .separating and choos- 



ing the portion of the land which suited him, and concluded 
with the following paragraph: "Should the Latter-day 
Saints emigrate to Oregon, they will carry with them the 
good will of philanthropists and the blessings of every friend 
of humanity. If they are wrong, their wrongs will be abated 
with many degrees of allowance; and if right, migration will 
afford an opportunity to make it manifest in due season to 
the whole civilized world." 

The Twelve Apostles wrote to President Woodruff at 
Liverpool as follows: "It is a part of our religion to support 
any government, wherever we may be, that will protect us in 
common with other citizens; for, to this end governments are 
instituted; and as England has ever been true and faithful to 
us, as a people, in common with others, the Elders cannot be 
too particular to enjoin on all the Saints to yield obedience 
to the laws, and respect every man in his office, letting politics 
wholly, entirely and absolutely alone, and preach the princi- 
ples of the gospel of salvation ; for to this end were they 
ordained and sent jforth. We are for peace ; we want no con- 
tention with any person or government." 

On the 27th of June, the brethren of the Twelve met in 
fasting and prayer. The Saints in England observed the day 
in the same manner: it was the anniversary of the martyrdom 
of Joseph and Hyrum Smith. 

Father John Smith and Brother George A. Smith called 
upon William Smith and reasoned with him as to the falsity 
of the position he had lately assumed, in declaring himself 
the president of the Church. 

The Smith family attended a public dinner at the Mansion, 
which was given by the Bishops in behalf of the Church. 
Seven widows and about fifty of the family were present. 
Mother Smith spoke to her kindred and others present in a 
feeling manner. 

Mr. M. B. Hobart, a traveler, who had visited the leading 
States in the Union, and who, previous to visiting Nauvoo, 
had heard diverse evil reports as to its inhabitants, wrote a 
statement to the public, in which he declared that he had not 
seen any man intoxicated, neither found any persons or fami- 
lies at variance. He reported that there were two justices of 
the peace, but having no litigation to attend to, they had to 
work for their livelihood. Although not a "Mormon" nor 
ever expected to be, he said he was treated better than he 
had been in any other town in the Union. He gave an 
account of the city, its lovely sight, and the manufacturing 
capabilities of its inhabitants. 

After the massacre of the Proj)het and Patriarch, many 
.strong- headed Elders sought to lead parties away from 
Nauvoo. These Elders had heard the Pro|)het Joseph talk 
about going into the wilderness and the scttloinent of distant 
parts of the country, and without waiting to be sent, they 
undertook the task. Prominent among these was Polder 
James Emmet, who led away a few families into the western 
country, independent of, and contrary to, the counsel of 
President Young and his brethren. The company suffered 
great hardships. The Apostles sent one of their quorum to 
warn Brother I'hnniet against loading the sheep into bye and 
forbidden paths. Emmet and his company in their emergency, 
fell it was best to listen to counsel, and to wait till the ser- 
vants of God, who were appointed to lead, directed their 
course. lie returned to Nauvoo, confes.sed his faults and 
sought the forgiveness of his brethren. 

Thus we find that even the Elders, whoh(jldthe Priesthood, 
cannot carry out the purposes of God without being subject 
to the counsel of their brethren and acting in concert with 



.-!«E^ 



m 



^ 



crTJ^E]nsrii_.E ih^sti^tjotoi?.. 



51 



:^' 




them. If the evil one cannot get the Saints to break the 
commandments of God and disobe.y His laws, he will often- 
times urge them to go ahead of their leaders, and thereby 
produce confusion in the Church. This is one of the evils 
which the Saints should be on their guard against, for the 
euemj' of righteousness in this direction is more plausible and 
more likel.v to be listened to, than when he prompts people 
to break a commandment, which all know to be wrong. 

During the summer. President Young and his brethren, 
the Apostles, heard the history of Joseph read. On the 
15th of August, the title page of the history was prepared, 
that Sheriff Backenstos might take it to Springfield and 
obtain the copyright in the name of Brigham Young, which 
he did. The title jiage is inserted here: "History of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints also the law of 
the Lord, and biography of Joseph Smith the founder, 
first Apostle and President of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints." 

The following appeared in the Xew York Swi : The build- 
ing of the Mormon temple under all the troubles by which 
these people have been surrounded, seems to be carried on 
with a religious enthusiasm which reminds us of olden times, 
by the energy which controls all the movements towards its 
completion. It occupies the highest and most imposing 
position in Nauvoo, and is built of fine limestone, has thirty 
pilasters — six at each end and nine at each side — each sur- 
mounted by a capital, on which is carved a human face with 
rays around it and two hands holding trumpets. The temple 
is one hundred and twent.v-eight feet by eighty-eight ; from 
floor to roof is sixty-five feet ; and from the ground to the top 
of the spire is one hundred and .sixty-five feet. The baptis- 
mal font is in the basement, to be supported by stone oxen. 
Three hundred and fifty men are zealously at work upon the 
building, which is supposed will be finished in a year and a 
half probably at a cost of half a million of dollars. 

''The spiritual concerns of the Mormons are governed by a 
council of twelve, composed of the following persons: Brig- 
ham Young— The Lion of the Lord. H. C. Kimball— The 
Herald of Grace. Parley P. Pratt — The Archer of Paradise. 
Orson Hyde— The Olive Branch of Israel. Willard Richards 
— The Keeper of the Rolls. John Jaylor — The Champion of 
Right. William Smith — The Patriarchal Jacob's Staff. 
Wilford Woodruff — The Banner of the Gospel. George A. 
Smith— The Entablature of Truth Orson Pratt— The 
Guage of Philosophy. John E. Page — The Sun-dial. 
Lyman Wight — The Wild Ram of the Mountains. The only 
property owned in common is the temple. The Mormons are 
industrious, good farmers, raise wheat plentifully, and are 
about to engage in manufactures. The whole community 
may be considered in their peculiar tenets singular and 
remarkable, and in after ages their temple, like the ruins of 
Palenque, may strike the beholder with wonder, and history 
may be unable to explain what race worshiped there." 

President Young dreamed he saw Brother Joseph Smith, 
who told him not to be in a hurry: this admonition was given 
thrice. 

On the 18th of August, the workmen commenced laying 
the brick on the rock foundation wall of the Nauvoo House, 
and on the 23rd, the dome of the temple was rai.sed. 

I'residcrit Young met with his brethren in council, wlu^n it 
was decided that three thousand able-boilictl men should be 
selected to prepare tiicm.solves to start in the spring to Upper 
California, taking their families with them. 
( To he Continued. ) 



AN EXPLORATION TRIP 



BY B, F. S. 



T EAVING Manti, we journeyed south to the Sevier River 
-L-' and up the valley, past where Salina, Richfield and Mon- 
roe have since been built. The weather was very cold, ther- 
mometer, at night at Zero, with considerable snow on the 
ground. We found a spur of the mountain running down 
to the river, but we discovered a pass over it and entered a 
very nice little valley on the river. It being a pleasant even- 
ing and there being plenty of wood for camp-fires, we sang 
songs and indulged in other amusements. Brother Pratt, 
.therefore, called the place Men-// ^'nh — not Mary's Yale as it 
is now called. (I wish the people would call it by its right 
name. ) 

We had been informed, by the Indians, and also bv Barney 
Ward, the mountaineer, that there was a canyon on the Sevier 
that they did not bditve we could pass with our wagons; if we 
did we would have to follow the Spanish trail. 

When we were nearing this canyon, we had some horsemen 
on ahead to explore, and by the time the teams got to the 
mouth of the canyon they had ascertained that we could not 
go up the canyon nor follow the Spanish trail either. We 
camped for the night, with a prospect that we would have to 
return nearly a hundred miles and take another route. 

I had been one of the explorers, that day, and my mind had 
been much exercised about getting through. That night I 
dreamed of seeing a pass by which we could yet make our 
way into Little Salt Lake Valley, as that was the course we 
wanted to take. When we awoke in the morning, I was rela- 
ting my dream to Brother George Nebeker, David Fullmer and 
Wm. Brown, as we .slept in the same wagon, and stated that 
Brother John Brown (the present Bishop of Pleasant Grove) 
and Brother R. Campbell were with me in my dream. Just 
then Brother John Brown came to our wagon and called me, 
stating that I was wanted to go and help find a pass through 
the mountain. The brethren, with me, immediately said "we 
believe j'ou will find a way through." 

When I got ready and rode outside of the wagon corral, 
there were the men whom I dreamed were with me. 

Brother Brown rode up to me and asked, "Brother B , 

which way shall we go?" 

I pointed and said, "I saw a way through there last night!" 

"Then" said he. "lead out." 

I did so, and soon after we started I told the brethren what 
I had seen in my dream. 

We explored a route for our wagons fourteen miles that day, 
through snow from one to two feet deep. Looking towards 
a hill near by, I said "that hill looks like the one that I was 
on last night. I could .see our way from it into Little Salt 
Lake Valley. We fastened our horses, and climbed the hill, 
and could see as I told them, down into the valley on the 
west. 

We got back to camp a little after dark and reported that 
we could get through. 

When we started with our teams we encountered a severe 
snow storm that piled up the snow from three to five feet deep 
in places, and we were four days in getting through, a dis- 
tance of sonic twenty miles. 

When we got near the mouth of tht; canyon that we were 
traveling down, it seemed as though the ledges of rocks came 
together, but there was just room for our wagons to pass into 
the valley. Brother Pratt called it "SummerGate." 







5S 



a"cr"v^EisriiL.E in^.STiS/TJGTOE/. 



HOW TO BE POPULAR. 



BY NEPHI PRATT. 



THERE is said to be a faculty or or^an of the human mind 
called,byphrenelogists the organ of approbativeness, which 
means that men love to be praised and dislike being blamed 
in proportion to how large this organ is and how it is affected 
by others. 

That sensitiveness to praise or blame exists, more or less, 
in all men, is a certainty. We do much in our lives to please 
others. We love a good character. We dislike being spoken 
evU of, especially by those whose good opinion is worth hav- 
ing. We are organized with this faculty for a wise purpose. 
It assists to guide us in our deportment towards others, and 
helps to make us considerate of their feelings and agreeable 
in our associations through life. It keeps us from indulging 
in habits which would gain us the frown instead of the smile 
of those whose good opinion we value. This love of the 
approval of others is shown by all classes, ages and conditions 
of men. The precocious boy says and does smart things to be 
praised ; the mechanic, painter, poet, actor, statesman and 
philosopher, all seek to excel and become distinguished partly 
from this feeling. 

This desire to become influential among men by gaining 
their esteem is legitimate and right, and should be diligently 
practiced by the children of the Saints. 

There is an extreme in this, however, as in all other things, 
to be watchfully guarded against. Never do wrong to gain 
the approval of the wicked. Better to be despised by all men 
than to give up one principle that you know to be true. 

The Jews went to this extreme when they condemned and 
crucified the Saviour. They sacrificed every principle of 
justice and right and committed an act the recital of which 
makes humanity "hudder, to-day, and that sealed their dam- 
nation for ages to come, just to pander to the prejudice which 
exi-.ted against Jesus and to be favorably noticed by their 
chief priests and rabbis who incited them to the deed. It is 
not always safe, then, to be guide'i in our actions by what 
others may think of us, but the rule will generally hold good. 
This brings to my mind an anecdote of a young man, about 
to start in life, who went to an experienced and succes.sful 
gentleman, whose years had been filled up with usefulness, 
and whose efforts in life had been attended with great .suc- 
cess. 

The young man asked him what course he should pursue to 
become influential and successful like himself The old man 
replied: "AiimiHi/ hrcome tluit irliich j/ou vish piople to 
htiieie that you ore., and you caniiol fail of siiccxa." This is 
a true saying: — Man to be just what he would like people to 
believe that he is, must become virtuous, honorable, noble 
and godlike. 

These characteri.stics all men admire. Even the corrupt 
and licentious have an inward respect for the man whose prac- 
tices are pure and blameless ; who is fearless in his practice 
of righteous principles. 

To claim a virtue which we do not pos.sess is to be hypocritical. 
If a man would be considered trusty, truthful and honest, let 
him never decefve, lie nor steal, and then that respect which 
other.s have for him he will also have lor himself A man 
may be a thief, a liar, or any other kind of knave, and know 
him.self to be such while others may be deceived for a long 
time as regards his true character, and yet he never can be a 




success, for his misdeeds will find him out at last and spoil 
him just as surely as the practice of virtue would have made 
him eminent. 

Then, young men, if you would become remarkable and 
stand forth as men of distinction, seek to be genuine and not 
superficial. In other words be just what you wish to appear. 
Add to your good works that genuine living faith that gives 
you access to God, bringing you always an answer to your 
prayers, and you will stand when earth and heaven will be 
shaken, when thrones will be hurled down and nations crum- 
ble to decay, and all things be in commotion. Indeed, you 
can stand, under such circumstances, fearless and undaunted 
amid the crash of worlds. 




tin III mti 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



( Continued from page 17. ) 

THE ryots are in the habit of sowing at the same time a 
numerous variety of seeds on the same piece of ground, 
which, of course, do not all mature at the same time. When 
the earliest of the crops are ripe, the reapers go through and 
cull out the stalks that are matured, and, consequently, 
trample down much of what is still growing with their feet. 
This sort of harvesting is repeated as each variety becomes 
matured, until the whole is gathered. 

The Hindoo cart is a very primitive, queer-looking vehicle, 
the wheels of which are generally made of solid wood, about 
three feet in diameter, having the appearance of a mill stone, 
with a hole in the center for the uxle. Thoy are sometimes 
constructed with spokes that go through the large hubs, one 
spoke extending from rim to rim. This kind of a wheel is rude, 
but very substantial. The shafts of the cart are made of 
two bamboo polos, and the body of a few cross bars of the 
same material. The front end of the shafts come to a point, 
and are secured together with a fixed bar that serves as a 
yoke, to which the oxen are attached. 

Sometimes, it was our lot to meet a train of such haekries 
conveying the baggage of troops from one station to another. 
The rolling of the wheels on the dry axles would produce a 
screeching, deafening noise. 

Notwithstanding the advanced .systems of arts and sciences 
exhibited to the gaze of the natives, by the anglo-Indians, 
they would tenaciously cling to and venerate the customs 
handed down by the fathers. Their ancestors never lubri- 
cated the axles of their haekries, and their children are not 
inclined to deviate from the customs of the fathers. They 
strongly entrench themselves against all innovations, however 
much they may be calculated to enhance their interests. The 
ancient custom of treading out the grain with oxen was the 
only method in vogue, and a grist-mill was not known in the 
country. The slow, rude sy.stem, as of old, was still practiced, 
wherein the corn was ground in hand mills, and women were 
the motive power. 

In the interior or country districts, the hackrey is .seldom 
u.scd for the want of roads. The manure is conveyed in 
ba.sket8 to the fields on the backs of women. Many of the 
articles of commerce from the northern mountain regions, 
are carried into Bengal on the b^oks of men, horses and 




goats. Herds of large 'goats, with big pouches, resembling 
rude saddle-bags, on their backs, are used for carrying bricks 
from the kilns to the places where they are needed. 

The Hindoo loom is as queer and primitive as the cart. To 
see it erected under a tree, where weaving is generally done, 
when not operating, it would puzzle an American to really 
guess what it was. It is a simple contrivance, composed of 
four posts set in the ground, with two rollers fixed in them. 
Two slats, or sticks, traverse the warp. One end of the slats 
is supported by two strings tied to the tree under which the 
loom is erected ; the other end by two other strings which are 
tied to the weaver's feet, .serving as treadles, and by which 
arrangement he moves the threads of the warp to throw the 
woof Notwithstanding the rude, ill-fashioned loom, the 
finest fabrics were produced. The Hindoos, as a people, are 
well adapted for weaving. They have a delicate frame, and 
are gifted with a keen sense of touch, an abundance of 
patience, which is a necessary quality for a person to possess 
to weave on their loom, with flexible fingers, which make 
them excel in the finest operations of the loom. The delicacy 
and fineness of the textures of India can vie with the 
fabrics of any other country. In fact, it is the only art which 
the ancient inhabitants of that country have pushed forward 
to a degree of perfection. 

The music of a people, is a general indication of their 
refinement and advancement in civilization. The Hindoos 
have attainments, but in music they are very deficient. They 
have many rude musical instruments, and the frequency 
with which they practice upon them, ought to enable them to 
become distinguished performers ; but the writer had many 
opportunities of hearing Hindoo bands perform, and never 
heard anything that he could consider music. Music, well 
rendered and agreeable to a Bengalic ear, must be loud and 
discordant. A hindoo band of performers reminded me of a 
number of children on a Christmas morning after emptying 
their stockings of their Christmas gifts. 

[To he Continued.) 



HOME 



BY W. J. 



"T^HE foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have 
-1- nests." The holes of the foxes are their homes. The 
nests of the birds are their homes, also. In them they raise 
their tiny brood.s. While they occupy them, those nests are 
to them the dearest spots on earth, for in them they have 
brought into being, and nursed into active life, their pretty 
little fledglings. They are their homes; and where is the 
animal that does not prefer one place to another as a home. 

Mankind have their homes — from the poorest excu.se of a 
wigwam to the proudest, the stateliest, and costliest palace 
that art and wealih can rear; and each of these should be 
"home, sweet home." 

The Saints of God have their homes. They have reared 
them in these we.'-tern wilds. Amid persecution and poverty 
they have laid log upon log, and erected their homely homes ; 
and they have been happy homes, too, for the sweet peace of 
heaven has rested down upon them, and they could sing the 
words of the poet : 

"I tuke an honest prido I own, in tliis my home of peace, 
Which slowly round my life hath grown with gradual increase. 



As round her form the bird with care, slow moulds the perfect 

nest, 
With little tufts of moss and hair, and down from her own 

breast." 
The sweat of manly labor's found in every clapboard there, 
And my own hands laid out the ground that makes this garden 

fair. 
Content beside my hearthstone sits, where thrift is likewise seen, 
And love through every chamber flits, as household fairy-queen; 
For the little wife that bids me forth, light-hearted, to my work, 
Counts worldly wealth of little worth, if care beneath it lurk; 
And, oh I her smile is gentle when I homeward swiftly press, 
To light and love and joy again, and childhood's soft caress. 
A picture sweet to mind she brings, when by the hearth she 

stands, 
With folds of gown and apron-strings clutched at by chubby 

hands ; 
While from her neck the baby spreads its little arms and crows, 
And glancing firelight round their heads a saintly halo throws; 
Then sweet good-evening kisses cleave fatigue's stern bonds 

apart, 
With mellow light and warmth that leave a pastime of the heart. 
Our door the motto 'Welcome' wreathes, while, o'er the fire- 
place there, 
'God bless our home' in worsted breathes its strong, but silent, 

prayer. 
Secure in the contentment which a quiet conscience yields. 
We envy not the proud and rich their broad and sweeping fields; 
Nor visions vast of sparkling sheen, of couch and palace dome. 
Can ever come, like dreams, between the workman and his 

home. 
We've seen, it's true, hard times and rough, but in the cupboard 

there 
We've still, by thrift, kept bread enough to feed us, and to 

spare. 
I've still my strong and willing hands, come what come may, 

and fast, 
My liftle home around me stands, a bulwark to the last; 
For hearts — the corner-stones — remain, hope props the roof-tree 

high, 
And the love and faith its walls contain can never, never die I" 

As the Lord has prospered them, and made the earth fruit- 
ful for their benefit, they have improved upon the "log cabin 
, home," and added adobe to adobe, brick to brick, rock to 
rock, and granite block to granite block, till many have 
secured themselves comfortable, costly, and modern-styled 
homes in the valleys of Ephraim. And the angel of peace 
continues with the righteous, and their homes are "little 
heavens below." 

One prominent characteristic of the Latter-day Saints is : 
about ninety per cent of them own their homes. They own 
the lots or farms upon which their houses stand. This is a 
great contrast to the condition of many in older nations, who 
can seldom become owners of real estate. It is also an evi- 
dence of what faithfulne.'^s in the gospel will do for many, for 
the Lord will bless them temporally as well as spirinially. 

These homes are the creations of their owners — out of the 
dust of the earth was part of the material of many of them 
created. The creators took pleasure in their creations, and 
they love the work of their hands. They are their castles — 
their kingdoms — which they expect to sustain and defend. 
In them are the fruits of their loins. They contain a.s.soci- 
ations which will last while eternal ages roll. Love and peace 
reign there. The smiles of heaven light up the soul and 
beam from the eye. And angels love to bend the ear to the 
.song of praise and the i>rayer of faith heard there, as morn and 
eve roll round — and this is a glimpse of the homes of the 
Saints of God. 



m2^ 





54. 



J'"Lr^Ein^I3_.E IIDTSTIS/TJCTOI?.. 




D A X I E L. 



% 



WHEN the iron hand of the Babylonish legions carried the 
Jews and the Israelitish tribes captives into slavery, 
Daniel seems to have risen up as a bright meteor to illumi- 
nate the horizon of Israel's darkest days 

Of his history there can be no doubt. He was descended 
from one of the highest of the Hebrew families. He was 
born in Jerusalem during the days ot Jeremiah, and was 
among the captives whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away from 
Judea to Babylon. 

He was then a youth, about fourteen years of age, and 
attracted his captors by his personal charms and dignified 
appearance. Though so young, he was deeply studious and 
.skilled in knowledge, and had 
no doubt a knowledge of our 
first parents and the patri 
archs, Abraham, Moses, etc. 
The wisdom of the Al- 
mighty was upon him. The 
Spirit of revelation enlight- 
ened his mind, and that by 
reason of his adherence and 
devotion to spiritual duties, 
as well as the observance of 
the word of wisdom and his 
obedience to other laws of 
his great Creator. His 
countenance shone with 
heavenly intelligence, and a 
strength of mind and 
majesty of person were im 
parted to him until he could 
open the secret treasures oi 
the divine mind, and coulc 
impart to generations un 
born the grandest truth^ 
that were ever penned, or 
tanght, or sung. 

And here let me digress a 
moment and ask my youn.L' 
friends whether Ood is a 
respecter of persons. h 
not the mind of (jJod open 
to reveal even greater truths 
to Us than those imparted to haniel/ Though Daniel was 
one to whom the Lord revealed foreknowledge, the rise and 
fall of empires and the settitig up of a kingdom that sliall 
s1and forever, it is left for you, my young brothers and sisters, 
to lift up triumphantly your heads and wave your jieerless 
hand-" before the Majesty on high, and with hosannas 
to God and the Lamb, shout fur joy and exclaim. ''T am a 
subject of that kingdom which hatiiel saw." But I must 
further add. you must redeem the tiuio as Paniel did to make 
you mighty in wisdom, in learning and in attainments of 
majesty, dominion and power, and become accessible to, and 
invested with, those powers of the Holy Ghost which inspired 
him. To this eml. you must not waste your hours in idleness, 
but improve you upporlunitics. You must stuily much the 
best books. I would advise you to put away that kind of 
reading which inebriates the soul and deadens the moral 
."enses, and makes you puny dwarfs in knowledge instead of 




gians in intelligence. On the other hand, by having your 
minds open to receive the divinely inspired records and teach- 
ings of the servants of God, your very beings will ultimately 
become the embodiment of eternal truth. 

I would" also say to ray young lady friends and sisters, that 
neither the adornments of fashion nor the glitter of orna- 
ments is to be compared with the wisdom which the queen of 
Sheba sought, in leaving her distant lands, and found dis- 
played in the wise king, Solomon. It requires self-abnegation 
and constant application, a devotion to God and His cause, 
to make you strong in faith and in the principles you have 
espoused in the waters of baptism. 

Daniel prayed regularly three time a day to his God, some- • 
times openly, and no doubt .secretly in the privacy of his 
chamber. All illustrious men who have made high attain- 
ments have done the same. Elijah had fallen to the earth, 

bowed his head, prayed and 
sent his servant on various 
occasions, and could not rest, 
but pleaded with the Lord 
incessantly until the rain 
came, which relieved a na- 
tion famishing for food. And 
our great Exemplar aud 
Redeemer fasted also and 
was frequently whole nights 
upon the mountains praying 
to His Father. 

( >ne thing more, strive by 
chastity, cleanliness, and 
temperance to make your 
lioilies fit habitations for the 
Holy Ghost to dwell in; 
that you may attain to that 
most excellent physical 
beauty which characterized 
l>;uiiel, and adorn your mind 
with his mental endow- 
ments. 

But to proceed : Daniel, 
the "better to fit him for the 
king's service, with tbe other 
Hebrew youths (whose 
names were changed to 
Shadrach, Meshach and 
Abednego), was placed 
under the charge of Melzer, 
with the most costly viands of the 
l>anicl would not defile 



to see that tliey were fed 
king's table. Hut, as it is written, 
himself with the jiortion of the king's meat ; nor with the 
wine which he drank." Now, Daniel, being in favor with the 
l)rince of the eunuchs, reasoned with him, and persuaded 
him to give him pulse to cat (a name for such large seeds as 
peas and beans) and water to drink for ten days, and then if 
his countenance and tho.se of his friends changed, they would 
submit to partake of the king's meat. Then the prince of 
the eunuchs consented, and at the end of the ten days their 
countenances were fairer and fuller than those of the children 
who ate of the king's meat. Melzer then took away the 
king's meat and wine and gave them [lul.se and water, and, it 
is .said, God gave tlicm knowledge and skill in all wisdom an<l 
learning. 

At the end of three years, they were brought to stand 
before the king ; and among all none were found like Daniel 



aK 



.j^'W, 



'M 




CTTJ'V'IIlISrinL.E] in^STK^TJCTOI^. 




and these j'oung men ; and the king found them ten times 
better in all matters and in understanding than al! the magi- 
cians and astrologers in the realm. 

We will now take a glance at Babylon's and Nebuchad- 
nezzar's glory and greatness. Babylon was situated on the 
Euphrates. Its original name was Babel, of which you have 
read in the scriptures. Some speak of Semiramis as being 
its founder. It lay in a fertile plain. It was watered by the 
Eujihrates, which flowed through the city; also by a reservoir 
one hundred and eighty miles in circumference. Its walls were 
described as being sixty miles in circumference, three hundred 
feet high and seventy-five feet wide. A deep trench was 
parallel with the walls. In each of the foor walls were twenty- 
five brazen gates, from which roads crossed to the opposite 
gates. On the squares, countless houses and gardens were 
made, and pillars and buildings of architectural magnificence. 
Nebuchadnezzar's palace was in an inclosure six miles in cir- 
cumference. Within this were also the hanging gardens, an 
immense artificial mound. four hundred feet high and three 
hundred feet square, suiiported by arches upon arches, 
terraced off for trees and flowers. The water for this was 
drawn from the river by machinery connected with the mound. 
Other mounds for the same purpose were also erected. 

Under Nebuchadnezzar, Babylon reached the acme of her 
greatness and glor}'. She was renowned for learning, arts 
and sciences, for astronomy and the wLsdom of past ages. 
Her manufactories turned out carpets and cloths of the finest 
texture. Her inhabitants were adorned with glittering 
jewelery and costly pearls. The odor of her perfumes were 
wafted to almost every land. Her commerce was carried by 
the J^juphrates between Asia, Arabia and Egypt. She was a 
city of merchants, and into her bosom flowed the wealth of 
almost all lands. Through opulence and luxury, corruption 
and licentiousness were carried to a frightful extent. Bel, 
Neigal, Merodoch and other idols were worshiped by her 
people. 

This city, however, did not long remain the capital of the 
world. Under the reign of Belshazzar, Cyrus made his 
successful assault on a night when the people of the whole 
cith, relying on the strength of the walls, had given them- 
selves up to riot in a great festival, and the Tiing and his 
nobles were revelling in a grand banquet, and the city was 
taken. 

Nebuchadnezzar in the second year of his reign, "dreamed 
dreams, wherewith his spirit was troubled and his sleep brake 
from him." The king being "troubled to know the dream," 
ordered all the magicians, astrologers, sorcerers and Chaldeans 
to show him his dream. But their wisdom could not fiuhom 
such a mystery. They reasoned and expostulated with him, 
saying, there is none can show it before the king 'except the 
gods, whose dwelling is not with flesh." This reply had only 
a tendency to enrage the king, who commanded, and the 
decree went forth, that all the wise men should be slain. 
And Daniel and his fellows were sought for to be slain also. 

Wher> notice of this bloody decree had come to Daniel, he 
wondered that the king should be so summary in his actions. 
He went in liaste to the king and besought him that he 
wuul<l give him time and he would declare the interpretation 
to liim. Tlien Daniel went and made the matter known 
to his companions, that they might seek unto 'ihe God of 
heaven concerning this secret." J>auiel had confidence in 
the power and presence of God, and his three companions 
iilso prayed in most earnest supplication, and their prayers 
(^anji- unto the ears of the Ncjid and were answered. The 



Lord revealed to Daniel the dream and the interpretation 
thereof No doubt the youthful prophet pleaded his suit 
with the greatest earnestness al.so, until his unyielding spirit 
and all-conquering faith unveiled the heavens, and he com- 
muned with his Maker face to face. 

Then when Daniel appeared before the king, he was asked, 
"Art thou able to make known to me the dream which I have 
seen and the interpretation?" Daniel answered that the 
wise men were not able to declare the secret unto the king. 
"But," said he, "there is a God in heaven, who revealeth 
secrets and he hath made known to the king Nebuchadnezzar 
what shall be in the latter days." 

He then made known to him the dream. "Thou, king 
sawest, and behold a great image, * * stood before thee. " 
The image was great, its brightness excellent, and appearance 
terrible. Its head was of pure gold, its breast and arms of 
silver, its belly and its thighs of brass, its legs of iron, its 
feet partly iron and partly clay. Thou sawest until a stone 
was cut out without hands, and it smote the image- upon its 
feet. Then fell the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver and 
the gold, and they became like the chaff of the summer 
threshing floor, and the wind carried them away, and no place 
was found for them. And the stone which smote the image, 
became a great mountain and filled the whole earth. 

Said he, "This was the dream, and we will tell thee the 
interpretation." Thou, king, art a king of kings, to whom 
the God of heaven hath given a kingdom, power and 
strength, and glory. And wherever the sons of men dwell, 
the beasts of. the field and the fowls of heaven hath He given 
unto thy hands and hath made thee to rule over them all. 
"Thou art that head of gold. " After thee shall arise another 
kingdom, inferior to thee ; and another, a third kingdom of 
brass which shall rule over all the earth; and the fourth 
kingdom shall be strong as iron, forasmuch as iron breaketb 
in pieces and subdueth all things, and' it shall break in pieces 
and bruise ; and whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, part 
of iron and part of potter's clay, the kingdom shall be divided 
and shall not mix, as iron is not mixed with clay. 

And in those days, the God of heaven shall "set up a king- 
dom which shall never be destroyed ; and the kingdom shall 
not be left to other people ; but it shall break in pieces and 
consume all these kingdoms and it shall stand forever." 

"The great God hath made known to the king what shall 
come to pass hereafter and the decree is certain and the 
interpretation sure." 

Then King Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face and wor- 
shiped Daniel, and commanded that they .should offer an 
oblation and sweet odors unto him. The king answered 
Daniel and said: "Of a truth it is, that your God, is a God 
of gods, and a Lord of kings, and a revealer of secrets, see- 
ing thou couldest reveal this secret.' 

Then the king promoted Daniel, and gave him many great 
gifts and made him ruler over the provinces of Babylon. And 
Dani?l requested of the king, and he appointed Shadrach, 
Meshach and Abednego over the affairs of the provinces 
of Babylon. And Daniel was in the gate of the king. 
Gate in this case probably .signifies power or dominion, 
in the same sense as the Turkish Sultan's palace is called 
the porte, or gate. 

( /f> hi' i'fHitnnit il . ) 



SoANDAi, is a bit of false money, and lie who passes it is 
freiiucntly as bad as he who originally utters it. 



^^,_ 



56 



J"U"VE3^IILiE insrSTI^TJOTOK/. 




GEORGE a. CAIOroN, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUaHTS. 




HE Latter-day Saints diflfer from other 
professing Christians tLroughout the 
world in their religious belief and prac- 
tice, in their Church organization and in 
the possession of the gifts and powers of 
the gospel. In like manner, as time 
rolls on, will they differ in their literature. 
They will have a literature distinctively their 
■^^ own. It will be characteristic of the 
people. There is no reason why it should not 
embrace the better features of the literature 
of the world, as the gospel embraces all truth, 
wherever found. But those features of out- 
side literature which are not commendable, 
should certainly find no place in that of the Saints. 
I J V^"^ When it is considered that children form such a 
-'A^N great proportion of the mass of the people, it 
"' requires no prophet to predict that a great part of 

our future literature will be of a character suitable for cLil- 
dren. The wants of the children will demand that it should 
be. And much of the latter part may be called Sunday 
school literature. True, none of it should be inappropriate 
for children to read on Sunday or have for a Sunday school 
library. Some subjects, however, are more in keeping with 
the sacrednes.s of the day set apart for the worship of God 
than others, and these would more properly come under the 
head of Sunday school literature. A proper conception of 
the oViject of Sunday schools will readily lead to an under- 
standing of what should constitute our Sunday school litera- 
ture. One object of our Sunday schools is to afford children 
a chance to learn those thing which they are not usually 
taught in cummon or day .-chuols. Sunday schools should aim 
at religious and moral, rather than secular or scholastic train- 
ing. 

Literature, then, that will tend towards this object, and 
which is adapted to the comprehen.sion of children may be 
properly termed Sunday school literature. 

The literature of the world is dependent upon man's wis- 
dom and ingenuity, and savors of man's sophistry, infidelity 
vain speculations, short-sightedness and general perversity. 
Much of it is evil in its tendency, weakening the minds, 
destroying the memory, curtailing the usefulness and blasting 
the prospects of tho.se who indulge in reading it. So muih 
is this the case, that it has becoiue a serious question with 
some, whether a per.son really enhances his happiness and 
general usefulness by learning to read, if in doing so, he 
acquires a taste for reading the pernicious literature that .so 
abounds in the world. 

Among the most faulty of the literature of the world is 
that which purports to be Sunday school literature. It is the 
weakest and most insipid mental pabulum that one can 
easily imagine. It is as vague and un>atisfying to the mind 
as the sectarian idea of a God, that is present everywhere but 
exists nowhere. It is puerile in its tone and false in its con- 



clusions. It is of no use whatever for Latter-day Saint 
readers. Upon history, philosophy and even upon ethics, 
the world may write to suit the Latter-day Saints, but upon 
religion 7iei-er. Upon this subject "we have a more sure 
word of prophecy, whereunto we do well that wc take head, 
as unto a light that shineth in a dark place." 

From the contemplation of the literature of the world, 
which has been mentioned, how refreshing it is to turn to the 
inspired writings of the servants of God in this and other 
ages: Take, for example, the writings of Joseph Smith. 
He possessed no advantages of scholastic education, such as 
the world imagine to be necessary in order to understand and 
write upon religion. But where will we find greater clear- 
ness, simplicity and force combined? Where will we find 
more lofty ideas, more sublime truths, more lucid reasoning 
than are contained in his writings. They appeal to the 
understanding of all who can read. The most advanced 
principles of science and the grandest religious truths ever 
enunciated by man are by him rendered intelligible to the 
illiterate. He learned from a higher school than the world 
can boast — from the fountain of all true intelligence. 

Are there any others in the Church now who have the 
ability to make the principles of our religion plain to the 
understanding of the unlearned, as well as the intelligent? 
Ask the thousands who have been captivated by the truths 
taught by unlettered boys who have been sent out as mission- 
aries. A religion that in a former age had for its chosen and 
foremost advocates illiterate fishermen — a religion that has 
appealed in this age to the understanding alike of the unlet- 
tered plowboy and the college scholar, should certainly not be 
difficult to make intelligible and attractive to children. But 
genius rather than learning is requisite to make it so. No 
colleL'C pretends to teach the art of writing in a manner 
suited to the capacity of children. Most collegians make a 
signal failure of it if they attempt it, especially when the 
subject of religion is the one considered. But the person 
pcssc-sing the genius and the iuspiration of the Almighty 
can render the principles of the gospel, either in writing or 
speaking perfectly fascinating. 

With doctrinal works for adult readers having well developed 
reasoning powers, our Church is tolerably well supplied, but 
there is a great need of more books for our children — books 
that will attract and at the same time in.>-truct them. The 
uiultitilying of such works in our midst will do ten times 
more to counteract the evils of outside literature than all our 
public denouncing of such evils will. It will do more to 
form in our children correct tastes and righteous desires than 
all the public harangues we can utter to them. If we do not 
wish our children to read the pernicious, trashy stuff that is 
imported from abroad, let us furnish them something better 
at home. 

At a time when the literature of the common people of 
Europe consisted of ballads, a practical and patriotic Scotch 
writer .said: ' Give me the writing of the ballads, and you 
make the laws!" Knowing the influence that reading exerts 
in forming the characters of people in this age of many books, 
we might with equal propriety exclaim, let us prescribe the 
kind and ([uantily of reading to be indulged in, and you may 
issue the public edicts. 

At a very early period in the history of our Church, the 
importance of writing and printing our own school books was 
referred to by revelation from the Lord. If it was important in 
]K31, how much more .so now, when the children have increased 
until those attending the Sunday schools of the Saints num- 






a"TJA^E]3sriLE IIN'STI^.TJGTOI?.. 




ber not less than thirty-five thousand ! And yet how little has 
been done towards sitpplying the children of the Latter-day 
Saints with reading matter calculated lO inform their minds 
upon the subject of religion. This was one of the objects for 
which the Deseret Sunday School Union was organized 
fifteen years since. But how much talent has it been able to 
enlist? Two small readers were published a short time 
since by the Union, and. to the shame of the people it may 
be said, that nearly all the articles were furnished for them 
by three persons, although several public calls were made for 
contributions. 

How many thousands there are in our Church who could 
write up incidents from their lives which would convey to 
young readers valuable lessons in principle and morals ! And, 
be it known, that is the most effectual way of impressing 
lessons upon young minds. We cannot do better than pattern 
after the example of our Savior in this respect. He taught 
His most impressive lessons by means of parables. No 
people have had more varied experiences to draw from for 
subject matter than the Saints have. No community repre- 
sent so many nationalities, and no people therefore should 
combine a greater variety of talent. Do we wish to convey a 
lesson in faith to our children ? There is scarcely a man of 
experience in the Church who could not relate incidents from 
his experience that would tend to this object. Where can 
a people be found whose history so abounds with startling 
and thrilling dramatic scenes, from which tn draw subjects 
for epic writing? The grandest themes that a writer could 
ask for, are familiar to all as a part of our history. 

The future development of the kingdom of God and the 
best interests of the thousands of little ones growing up in 
our midst demand that more attention be given to supplying 
them with proper reading matter. Let those who possess the 
genius to write interestingly for children apply themselves to 
the ta>k. Let the energy which has been devoted in the past 
to finding fault with our young folks for indulging in per- 
nicious reading, and inattention to the doctrinal works of the 
Church, be exerted in the future towards supplying attractive 
works of our own which ihey can understand. If we will do 
this, we will hasten the time when we ma}' exclaim in truth 
with the psalmist, "0 Lord, out of the mouth of -babes and 
sucklings hast thou ordained strength!" 



REVIE^V OF AN ACTIVE LIFE. 



BY G. G. 




( Con timifd from page 42.) 

Being foot-loose from business and also from parental influ- 
ence, and having secured a place of retreat for a short time 
for my wife and seven children in a village a few miles from 
Leicester, I started, on the 1st of June, 1851, for Manchester 
and Liverpool. In the latter place I found two respectable 
business houses from which I obtained goods that had not 
been generally introduced before, to sell on coniniissiou The 
selling of these enabled me to earn a few pounds. I then sent 
for my wife and family, and with tiie means acquired we laid in 
a stock of provisions for our passage across the ocean. 

In tracing back my past life to the jtoint I have now arrived 
at, I cannot but admire with huniblu recognition, the kind 
and invisible hand of Providence that marked out the course 
and led me to walk theiein, preiiaratory to receiving and obey- 
ing the gospel. Prominent among the occurrences that led to 



that ctilmination, were my apprenticeship to a Baptist Deacon^ 
being led to practice self denial and abstain from all stimula- 
ting drinks ; and hearing the preaching of Mr. Matthews, 
which resulted in detaching us from sectarian religion. After 
that the proposition of my brother Henry to pay £50 to get 
rid of us out of the country, was no less providential. Myself, 
wife and seven children, were thus sold to the "Mormons" 
for that price. But just as sure as Joseph, who was sold to 
the Egyptians by hi.^ brethren, proved the future deliverer and 
savior of his father's house, so sure will myself andlvife stand 
in the same relationship to our respective families, if we con- 
tinue faithful to our covenants to the end. 

On the 9th of October, which was between eight and nine 
months after our baptism, we took passage on the ship Essex, 
which was bound for New Orleans. 

No Saints were on board but ourselves. Most of the pas- 
sengers were Pioman Catholics, with a priest as their shepherd 
There was also a Methodist preacher aboard. One Sunday 
morning the latter said to me : 

"What a pity it is we do not have divine service on board !' 

1 told him, if the captain was willing, I would be pleased 
to speak to the passengers and crew. 

He was delighted with the idea, and said, "If you wOl 
preach this morning, I will in the afternoon." 

I agreed, and off he went to the captain and told him he 
had two ministers on the vessel who were willing to officiate. 

The Captain being pleased to learn this fact, immediately 
gave orders for all bauds to be ready on deck at the hotir 
apjiointed to attend public service. 

All on board were present. The morning was beautifully 
fine, and the sea sufficiently calm to enable me to stand on a 
chair by holding on to a rope. I spoke perhaps nearly three- 
fourths ot an hour, dwelling on the contrast between the pure 
principles of the gospel as taught by Christ and His apostles, 
and the present contused and conflicting notions of modern 
Christianity, closing by testifying to the restoration of the 
gospel by the Prophet Joseph Smith. 

After the service was over, the priest asked me a question, 
but the captain at once hushed him up, saying he would not 
allow me to be iuterruijted. 

The sea breeze made me quite hoarse. On reaching our 
quarters, the preacher came in and said that what 1 had 
preached was not all true. I told him if he could point out 
one error, I would acknowledge it publicly. He failed to do it, 
and utterly refused to preach in the afternoon, although he 
had agreed to do so. So 1 had to si)eak a second time, which 
was very distasteful to the Catholics. 

The captain and sailors were very kind to me and my 
family, but some of the passengers manifested a good deal of 
ill-feeling towards me, and I was sccictly informed of a plot 
the Catholics had concocted to throw me overboard. I told 
my informant that America was the country I was bound for, 
and no place short ot that would suit me; I had no fears. 

Before parting with my fellow pa-sengers, I felt impressed 
by the spirit of the Lord, one Sunday, to bear a final testi- 
mony. The Catholics gathered around and ofl'ercd various 
interrui)tions. The mate ordered the sailors to bring some 
buckets of water. Tiiey did so and those who sought to inter- 
fere with me were told that if they did not disperse quietly 
they would receive the contents of those buckets. They im- 
mediately left, and this closed my public ministrations on that 
vessel. 

During our jiassagc, my wife gave birth to her ninth child 
which lived about halt an hour, and was buried in the ocean, 



m 



5& 



CTTJ'VEn^xi-jE! i:n"stk.tjotoi^. 




the only means ot burial beins for the body to be stitched up 
in a sheet and slid down a board into the water. 

We were nine weeks on the ocean before we reached New 
Orleans, then, having our baggage transferred to the steamer 
Tinioui; we passed up the mighty Mississippi until we came 
in contact with a snag, which tore away one wheel and the 
provision house, causing the greatest consternation and terror 
among the passengers, who supposed everj' moment we were 
doomed tg a watery grave. Finally we were assured that 
although the ves.sel was seriously disabled, there was no cause 
foi' alarm. We could not move, however, until a boat was 
secured, which towed us as far as Memphis. There we had 
to stay for .several days while the vessel was repaired. While 
there also our youngest child died, and we had to leave it in 
the dead house, as the vessel was ready to start and wo were 
allowed no possible chance to bury it. 

We reached St. Louis early on New Year's day, ls.i2. The 
captain kindly permitted my family to remain on the vessel 
until I had secured a place to remove them to. 

We had uow arrived in America, strangers to everybody, in 
the middle of a very severe winter and I had a family of eight 
to provide for. It being Sunday morning, after breakfasting 
on the vessel, I started off in search of Latter-day Saints, to 
appri>e them of our arrival. I was directed to their jilace of- 
meeting in Market street, and got acquainted with John 
Tingey (now Bishop of the 17th Ward, of Salt Lake City) 
who, after meeting, kindly accompanied me in search of a room 
to remove my family to. We found one which could be rented 
at 5=4 per month, in advance, and, lacking that amount of 
means, I gave the landlord a double-barreled shot gun as 
security, which, by the way, I was never able to redeem. 

It was a large room, and very difficult to keep warm, e-xcept 
with a large fire, and that lu.xury was denied us for want of 
means. I could only buy one hundred jiounds of coal at a 
time. Our furniture consisted of a bedstead loaned us by a 
colored neighbor, and our boxes served us for chirirs and 
tables. 

Thus settling down in a new country in the middle of winter, 
with a large family, and without any visible means of sup- 
porting them, presented rather a .serious question to decide. 
What course must I take? Having only one or two dollars to 
lommence housekeeping with, something must be done. Not 
a day nor an hour could be lost, without earning a trifle to 
subsist upon. I could not beg, and I was too proud to receive 
charity even from the hands of the kind teachers, who twice 
offered us money to help us in what they dccmc<l our dt^stitute 
situation. I tliankeil them for their kind feeling, but told 
them to give it to some jioor jierxon. for, although reduced at 
one time to the last five cent piece for my wife to go to market 
with, I had the most unshaken confidence in my Heavenly 
Father, that, while blessing me with health and strength, he 
would open up my way to sustain my family, by honest labor. 
and that I would not have to depend \ipon the gcnerou.^ 
charity of others. In this feeling, of /"(>/i in d'ud. and reli- 
ance upon our own determined exertions, my wife was also 
one with me, and equal to the occasion. We never felt poor 
while .'trut-'i-'ling to live, but rich in faith and confidence in 
God and in His providences. 



Beware of him that is slow to anger; anger, when it is 
long in coming, is the stronger when it comes, and the longer 
kept. Abused imiience turns to furj'. 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



{Cmttinued from page 34). 
'T^HE general aspect of the Isle of Man is bold and 
-^ mountainous, but it contains also a number of plains of 
considerable extent. The highest mountain is not over two 
thousand feet high, but the beautiful verdure-covered hills 
are, although quite low, still very numerous. The scenery is 
very picturesque, the air is clear and fresh, and, taken alto- 
gether, the island is a very pleasant pleasure-resort for any 
person who desires recreation. The journey from Liverpool 
to Douglas occupies iu the summer season about five hours, 
and is a very pleasant ride. The English people seem to 
realize this fact, because the ships plying between the above 
mentioned poi.s are generally well loaded with passengers. 

Concerning the early history of this isle, very little is known, 
or at least the history is so intermixed with fable that it is 
almost impossible to tell what is true and what is false. There 
are a great many opinions as to how the name originated, but 
it is pretty certain that the island is the the Mona of Ciusar. 
It has been stated that the name Man was originated by a 
mysterious personage called Mannanan-Beg-Macy-Leir, who 
is described as being a necromancer, the first who possessed 
the enchanted island, and who retained it by enveloping it in 
a deu.<e fog when he saw ships ajiproachiug, and by his art. 
magic he also made one man standing on a hill appear as if 
there were a hundred. 

The affairs of the place were successively under the direction 
of Welsh, Norweigan, Scottish and English rulers, and at the 
present time it belongs to England. 

The largest and most imjiortaut town of the isle, although 
not the capital, is Douglas, situated on the east .shore, on a 
very nice bay of the same name. Its population is 15,725, 
and Its location is beautiful, being built in a semi-circle around 
the shore of the bay, and in the form of an amidiitheater. 
Some nice buildings are to be found in the new part of the 
town. The iidiabitants are engaged mostly in fishing, and, in 
fact, this is the sole occupation of many peojile iu different 
parts of the isle. The harbor, which is considered one of 
the best in the Irish sea, is, at low tide, entirely dry, and even 
when the tide is in, it is difficult and dangerous of access. In 
the center of the bay is a large rock, called St. Mary's Rock, 
or Conistcr, which is entirely covered in full tide. A building 
called the Tower of Kefuge, was built by a baronet on this 
rock in lS3:i, as a safe retreat for those who might be ship- 
wrecked on entering the harbor. 

After seeing as much of Douglas as we.desired to, my com- 
panion and I stepped into the rough-riding railroad cars and 
cro.^.sed to the other side of the island, to the town of Peel, 
which contiiiis some four thousand irdiabitants. This place 
formerly was a town of considerable note, especially when the 
smuggling trade was at it.s height, but the inhabitants are now 
mostly engaged in fishing, there being cod, herring and other 
fish of the finest quality existing in abundance in the adjoin- 
ing .sea.s. 

The principal attraction in this place is the old renowned 
ca.-tlc of I'eel, which is built on a rocky islet about one 
hundred yards westward of the town. It is supj)Osed to have 
heen built in tlie year \i><»K by Thomas. Earl of Derby. The 
walls, from three to four feet thick, are flanked with towers. 



c^^^2c 




m 




J'TJVEIIN'ILE IJSrSTie/TJOTOI?., 



59 




and inclose about five acres of ground, which is almost filled 
with the ruins of various buildings. In fact, the whole 
building is nearly all ruins. This castle was no doubt in 
ancient times a very formidable place of defense. 

Two illustrious persons arc said to have been imprisoned 
in this place at diflFerent times, viz., Eleanor, the wife of 
Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester, for witchcraft, in the nine- 
teenth year of the reign of Henry VI. She died after being 
confined fourteen years. The other person was the great 
Earl of Warwick, who was banished for a time by Richard II. , 
in 1.3y7, but was afterwards recalled, and his accuser, the 
Earl of Wiltshire, was beheaded without any formal process. 

A tradition connected with this castle, said to have origi- 
nated in 1670, is as follows: 

A large black spaniel, with curly, shaggy hair, used to haunt 
the place, and he frequented the guard chamber more 
especially. As soon as the candles were lighted, he would 
come into the room and lie down before the fire, retiring, how- 
ever, at daybreak. Although the soldiers did not fear 
this apparition when to-gether, still they did not care to be 
left alone with it, believing it to be some evil spirit, awaiting 
the opportunity to injure them. They, therefore, agreed to 
always go by twos, when it was time to lock up the castle. 
One evening a soldier became intoxicated, and, being filled 
with the spirit of daring, he determined to go alone to lock 
the doors. His companion tried to dissuade, him, but he 
was determined to go alone, and expressed a desire to have 
the dog follow him, when he would see if it was dog or devil. 
He had been gone but a few minutes, when a great noise was 
heard, but no one dared to see what had occasioned it, till, the 
adventurer returning, they demanded the knowledge of him. 
He had now become sober, and never spoke again, although 
he lived three days ; everyone who came near him endeavored 
to get him to speak or communicate by signs what had 
happened to him, but it was of no avail; by the distortion of 
his limbs and features one might, however, suppose that he 
died in great agony. The dog was never seen afterwards. 

From Peel, we walked to Kiik Michael, neai which place we 
were pleased to find some of our distant relatives still living, 
who were glad to see us and treated us, very kindly, although 
they had no desire to hear much concerning the principles of 
the gospel. • One very erroneous idea that these people had 
was, that when a person joined the Church, he was compelled 
to give all his property into the hands of the president of the 
Church, and then must commence to earn his living again. 
We soon gave them to understand that they were mistaken, 
and we also corrected some other false notions of their.s. 

After leaving Kirk Michael, we recrossed the isle and came 
to Ramsey, the second largest town of the whole island, 
which is situated on the sea shore and is surrounded Vjy some 
very picturesque and romantic scenery. 

Another day was occupied in going from Ramsey to 
Douglas, and viewing the scenery and curiosities by the way, 
the principal one of which is the great Laxey water-wheel, 
used fur )iumpiiig water out of the lead mines situated near 
it. This wheel, said to be the largest in the world, is a fine 
example of engineering skill. Its diameter is seventy-two 
feet six inches, its breadth six feet, and it is two hundred 
horse-power. It is situated in a very i)rominent position ju.st 
above the village of Laxey, and is well worth a visit by any- 
one who goes to the Isle of Man. 

When in Douglas, we went out for a sail on the lake, and 
we also spent a short time in fishing and were quite success- 
ful, but, of course, we were fi.shirig with hook and line, while 



those who make a business of this, use nets as a general 
thing. 

The following morning, we took our departure for Liver- 
j)ool, arriving there in the afternoon of the same day, after a 
rather rough passage on the Irish sea 

My brother having received an appointment to labor in the 
London Conference, I accompanied him to that city, and 
there remained with him two days, and viewed some of the 
many wonders of the world's metropolis, but as I Lave 
already given a brief description of London in former articles, 
I will not continue my ob.servations concerning this city any 
further. 

Leaving my brother in his field of labor, I, in company 
with another Elder from Utah, went to Paris via Dover and 
Calais, and, as neither of us could speak much French, we 
were pleased to find a Zion's Elder on our arrival in the 
French capital who could act as interpreter for us, and, being 
somewhat acquainted in the city, could lead us to the 
principal places of interest. 

Paris is said to be the "queen city of the civilized world," 
and, in many directions, I really believe that it is. Since 
leaving Utah, I have never seen a city that is prettier than 
this, and no doubt it is also one of the most wicked places in 
existence. 

( To he Cuntimied. ] 



SUMMARY OF CORRES- 
PONDENCE. 



pLDER AUGUST WILCKEN, writing from the City 
-L^ of Mexico, under date of January 2, 1882, to his relatives 
in this city, says : 

"I spent New Year's Day with the brethren in Ozumba. We 
had a splendid time and enjoyed the spirit of the Lord. I blessed 
six children, ordained one Elder and baptized three. We par- 
took of the sacrament and had a good meeting. Some twenty- 
six persons attended, not counting the children. 

"My congregation in that place are good singers and musicians, 
I wish we could have some of our h3'mns translated into Span- 
ish. They are so much prettier than the Protestant hymns that 
are in use; but I have not even a hymn book here. 

"The new year has begun very good for me; besides the good 
time we had on the first, I got two more pupils yesterday and 
have great hopes of having some more very soon; 

"We have watermelons, tomatoes, green peas, beans, etc , 
and even strawberries in the market. The peach and cherry 
trees are in bloom, and the walnuts and other trees are budding, 
while others have not lost their leaves at all, like the gum or 
ash tree and others. Flowers are plentiful, too, and of great 
variety. I sit and write here by open doors, and scarcely ever 
have to make use of my overcoat of an evening. If I do put 
it on, it is more for fashion's sake thnn anything else, as every- 
body runs around muffled up. 

"During the last month and up to the 6th of this, we have 
great doings here. Nativity is feasted from the ]5lh of Decem- 
ber to the fith of .January, the day upon which the three kings 
are supposed to have come from the east to adore and make 
presents to Christ. 

"On the 18th of December, I was invited by Brother Arteaga 
to accompany him to a family feast, called the paradan. rnnulns 
means taking lodging (occujiying a place or home). The feast 
is half religious, but more for pleasure's sake. The people ask 
the virgin principally, Christ secondarily, to take lodgings, or, 
as we say, to abide in their hearts. In one of the rooms, an 
altar hud been fixed up and adorned with cedar and pine boughs, 
flowers, mosses and figures of saints representing the nativity; 



^ 



M 



GO 



CTTJ'V^EILTILE I3^STI?.TJGTODE^. 




the donkey for the flight into Egypt occupying a prominent 
place. Before this altar the company assembled with lighted 
tapers in their hands, kneeling down and singing hymns in 
praise of the virgin and the tiino Jesus (child Jesusj. Alter 
that, the children took up the figures, and, followed by the 
grown people, formed a procession and walked through every 
room and yard of the house, having the lighted tapers in their 
hands and singing hymns of praise. After this procession, we 
adjourned to the principal room, where an earthen vessel, 
disguised as a doll, was hung up from the ceiling. The vessel 
was tilled with candy and nuts. The children, girls lirst, were 
blindfolded and a stick put in the hands of each. They were 
then led up to the doll and made to feel it with the stick, alter 
which they were led back, turned around three times and let go 
to hit the doll. This game went on till one of the boys, Brother 
Arteaga's son, hit the doll and consequently broke the earthen 
vessel that was hid underneath, and the candy and nuts fell on 
the floor, when a general scramble for the sweets ensued. 
Kefreshments were handed around at intervals, and the whole 
concluded with dancing, singing and merry-making. It lasted 
till two a. m. 

•'This feast is kept up from the 10th of December to the 24th. 
The worst of the custom is that the owner of the house does not 
pay any of the expenses, but the person who is invited to pre- 
side has to pay all. 

•'I was invited to preside the next evening and accepted, as I 
did not know the custom, and only thought it was an invitation 
to come again. The next evening 1 was greatly surprised when 
Brother Arleaga presented me a bill of seven dollars, to pay for 
candy, refreshments and musicians. It was very hard, but I 
paid and voted never to attend anulher parada. 

"On Christinas Day, X had an invitation to dinner from a Ger- 
man friend, to whom I am giving lessons in Spanish. We had 
it in one of the principal restaurants, and it consisted of fresh 
oysters, turtle soup, fresh fish, etc. A little while ago I also had 
an invitation to dinner from a gentleman by the name of Bruck- 
lehurst, who was here to make arrangements with this govern- 
ment to again enter into friendly relations with the British 
government, as they have been suspended for quite a number of 
years. I met there our German minister, Baron Yon Waecker 
Gotter, another German, Baron Von Wedell, the son of the 
American miniver, and several Mexican dignitaries. We had 
a good time and all felt interested to hear from the "Jlormons" 
and Utah. I was invited by all of these gentlemen to call upon 
them, and have since done so. I know I cannot convince them 
of the truth of the gospel, but it is good to be on friendly terms 
with these kind of people anyhow. 

••By this, you see that I have some variety in living here, now 
with high-toned people in the principal cafes and hotels, and 
next with our poor Mexican brethren." 



HELP FOR THE ELDERS. 

ELDKRS M. F. Cowley and John W. Taylor, former 
impil.s of the 14tli Ward Sunday school of this city, are 
now upon uiiasious, the former in St. l.,oui.s, the latter in 
Kentucky. The teachers and pupil.s of the school, in Dccem- 
hcr last, sent them, as a token of their remembrauce and 
rcL'ard, a sum of money voluntarily donated for the purpose 

iu the school. „. , , , , 

Elder Cowley writing to Supcnntendent Kichards acknowl- 
edges the receipt of the letter and money as follows: 

"Your kind and welcome letter of thc20ih inst , came to hand 
this morniiip;. The order enclosed for the benefit of Brother 
J.)hn W. Taylor and myself, from yourself and the 14th Ward 
Sunday school, I gbi'lly received, and I tender you the grati- 
tude of my heart lor it. I will forward to Brother John as you 
direct, and I know that he will receive the same with a grateful 
heart. 



"To receive a token of regard from our brethren and sisters 
with whom we have been associated, produces feelings in the 
heart that are best understood by those who have been in the 
same situation. It is not so much that we desire presents of any 
kind, for while we appreciate the same and receive them as a 
timely blessing, which this really is, we appreciate much more 
those kind and considerate feelings which actuate you, my 
brethren and sisters, and prompt you to feel after the interest 
of those who are engaged in the same work as yourselves, though 
in a difl'erent department of the work and in another part of the 
Lord's vineyard. 

"If I could speak to the young folks of the Sabbath school, 
to the young men especially, I would exhort them to improve 
the passing hours in preparing themselves to take an active part 
in this great work ; for 1 can assure them there is ample room 
for missionary labor abroad, and no doubt the same opportuni- 
ties exist at home. 

"1 feel, for one, very thankful to my parents, to the officers and 
teachers of our Sunday school, and to our worthy Bishop and 
his counselors for the interest they have taken in the young 
people of the 14th Ward, for I can testify that they were and 
are instruments in the hands of God, "from whom all blessings 
flow," in imparting much valuable instruction, and preparing 
the youth to become useful men in the kingdom of our Heavenly 
Father. There is nothing which produces such unalloyed joy 
and happiness as to have the testimony of the Holy Spirit that 
our labors are acceptable to the Lord and resulting in the 
salvation of our fellow-man. 

"This is the fourth Christmas that I have spent away from the 
home of the Saints in Utah, but 1 can assure you 1 have enjoyed 
them all ; for while it is pleasant to be with our families at home, 
and with the Saints in their happy assemblies, we hf.ve the 
satisfaction of knowing that we are and have been where the 
Lord wants us, and that is all that we would ask. 

"Yesterday we spent a very satisfactory time by holding two 
meetings, which were moderately well attended, and we enjoyed 
the Spirit of the Lord in proclaiming the gospel. Brother 
Albert D. Thurber, a young man who was returning home from 
a mission to Kentucky and Tennessee, was present in the after- 
noon meeting, and spoke in a very plain and spirited manner 
upon the fundamental principles of the gospel, and was listened 
to with attention by those present. 

"After the meeting. Elders Thurber, Parkinson, Howe and 
myself called at the house of one Mr. Andrew, who had extended 
an invitation to us to visit him. His daughter and son-in-law, 
though not members of our Church, desired us to bless their 
little boy. We did so, according to their request, and felt the 
Spirit of the Lord in our administration. The little boy was 
born on my birthday, the '2[>lh of August, and is four months 
old. 

••This circumstance is only one among many which shows that 
the influence of the holy Priesthood is felt among the honest-in- 
heart. While many seem to hold back from embracing the 
fullness of the gospel because of circumstances, it is evident that 
many recognize the power and influence that attend theservant* 
of the Lord for good." 

Elder .lolui W. Taylor responds as follows : 

"Please extend to the Sunday school, and accept yourself, my 
thanks for the very substantial token of remembrance and 
expressions of kindness sent us, and their remembrance in 
prayer for us as their follow associates and as ministers of the 
gi).«|iel ot Jesus Christ. In return, 1 pray that our Heavenly 
Father will bless the members of the school for their kindness 
and hear their prayers in their own behalf and in ours, and giye 
us wi.-doni to use the much appreciated a.«!-istaiice in a judicious 
manner, that it may assist in forwarding the work of righteous- 
ne.'s among the children of men. 

"Yimr letter was very unexpected and brought fresh to my 
memory many of the pleasant associations of the past, some of 
which had partly been forgotten, owing to the attention I have 
considered it my duty to pay to those matters immediately con- 



^5j<n^. 



m 



nected with my calling. While I shall always remember with 
pleasure the associations of Sunday school, I must admit that I 
am becoming weaned, to some extent, from those fond thoughts 
of home and friendship that I experienced so keenly for the 
first few months after leaving the valleys. I found that a minis- 
ter of the gospel must, of necessity, be informed himself before 
he can instruct others. I found that the Spirit of truth refused 
to bring things to the remembrance of those who had not stored 
any information in the past. I read, too, that we should serve 
the Lord with all our might, mind, and strength, and I came to 
the conclusion that the promise of Jesus was a great one when 
He said : "If thine eye be single thy whole body shall be full 
of light," for if any person on earth needs to be fed with the 
light and the intelligence of the Holy Spirt, it is an Elder of 
Israel. 

"The harvest is ripe, my dear companions, so prepare your- 
selves to reap, for the laborers are few. Purify your thoughts, 
cleanse your hearts, obey the authorities of the holy Priesthood, 
serve the Lord with all your might, mind and strength, and I 
will promise you, in the name of Jesus Christ, that you shall 
have testimony to you hearts' content that we are engaged in 
the work of God. 

"Let us be of one mind, of one desire, of one purpose, center- 
ing all to build up the kingdom of God upon the earth ; for 
Joseph, the Prophet, has said : 'Show me a man or a woman 
who possesses the Spirit of God, and I will show you a man or a 
woman whose greatest desire is to build up His kingdom upon 
the earth.' Let this, therefore, be our greatest desire, remem- 
bering that 'to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually 
minded is life eternal.' " 



OSTENTATIOUS CHARITY. 



BY J. A. L. 




Dialogue heticeen the Reverend Mr. Diclcenson, pastor of a 
very fashionciMe Presbyterian Church, and Mr. Clinton, 
a prosperous wholesale merchant, ivho is ratlier skeptical 
with regard to religion, but who occa^onaUy drops into 
Mr. Dickenson s church on a Sunday. 

Mr. Clinton. — Good morning, Mr Dickenson. Please be 
seated. On another mission of charity, I presume ! 

Mr. Dickenson. — ( With a little pomposity of manner) 
Being a preacher of the gospel, it becomes me to do all I 
can to send its blessed light to the dark corners of the earth. 
( The Reverend Mr. Langford, missionary from Utah, enters 
the ojfice). 

Mr. D. — Mr. Clinton, allow me to introduce the Reverend 
Mr. Langford, returned missionary from Utah. 

Ma. C. — Pleased to make your acquintance Mr. Langford. 
Plea.se be seated, gentlemen. 

Mr. C. — To resume our conversation: Mr. Dickenson, per- 
mit me to inquire what may be the special object of your call 
this morning? 

Mr. D. — Under the patronage of the Aaierican Foreign 
Missionary Society, we wish to establish a mission among the 
Kaffirs in South Africa. They are a very dark and benighted 
people. 

Mr. C— My business neces.sarily gives me very practical 
views on all matters in which money is involved. A mission 
80 distant, and among a people so little known, appears to me 
like a very uncertain investment for doing good. 

Mr. D. — Why, Mr. Clinton, such an enlightened. Christian 
country as ours should do a great deal to send the gospel 
among the heathens. 



Mr. C. — The old proverb that "Charity should begin at 
home," has great weight with me. The nearer home the 
investment the more directly it is under our control and the 
better we can comprehend the results. 

Mr. D. — Our country is greatly blessed. It is filled with 
churches and schools, with Bibles and good books of every 
description. 

Mr. C. — I think you should have said, in part, filled with 
these means of enlightenment. Keeping company with 
these are ignorance, sickness, poverty and squalid misery. 
Within the shadow of our churches are drinking saloons, 
gambling hells, and all manner of abominations. The worst 
heathens are those who have become such in the midst of 
Christianity. 

Mr. Langford. — Mr. Clinton, perhaps you would not 
object to investing something for the purpose of Christian- 
izing Utah? As Mr. Dickenson has informed you. I am a 
returned missionary from that Territory. 

Mr. C. — Then I presume you are well acquainted with the 
people of Utah? What do you think of those "Mormons?" 

Mr. L. — ( With considerable energy) They are a poor, 
deluded people. Very wicked, indeed, Mr. Clinton ! 

Mr. C. — I presume you wish to be understood that they 
are in want of the necessaries and comforts of life? 

Mr. L. — -Oh no, sir; on the contrary, they are quite 
wealthy, so far as this world's goods are concerned; but they 
are low in their morals, and benighted and dark in their 
minds. 

Mr. C. — They must be a very singular people. I have 
never been able yet to associate in my mind ignorance and 
a very low state of morals with fine cities and villages, good 
houses and farms, and their results — comfort and plenty. 

M. L. — They may, indeed, be an anomaly; but I assure 
you I am quite correct in what I assert. 

Mr. C. — Then, of course, they have more gaming than 
meeting houses, more sportsmen than preachers, more grog 
shops than schools. 

Mr. L. — No, sir; I do not mean exactly that ; but they 
are polygamists. 

Mr. C. — That is, they marry women instead of keeping 
mistresses; they fill their homes, instead of foundling hospi- 
tals, with children. They utilize our Cbristian vices by 
making the passions subserve the interests of the country, by 
filling it with people. Are they indolent, Mr. Langford? 

Mr. L. — I do not feel authorized to assert that. 

Mr. C. — For once I am pleased to see you reasonable. 
Men with such large families must work and teach them to 
do so. Come, gentlemen, I fear you are throwing away your 
efforts on me. Let us exercise our benevolence nearer home. 
Let us get the beam out of our own eyes before we trouble 
ourselve.s about the moral condition of others. I wish you 
good day, gentlemen (I'oliteli/ bowing them out). 

Mr. D.— Good day, Mr. Clinton. 

Mr. L. — Good day, sir; I regret you have neglected so 
favorable an opportunity of doing good to our common 
country. 

Mr. C. — [After being seated, leans back in his chair in, a 
sort of reverie, and indulges in the followi)ig sobloijui/ :) Oh 
this maudlin Christianity! This hypocritical piety I That's 
a capital idea of sending a Christian mission to the Kaffirs. 
I would show just about equally good sense by sending 
them a cargo of fine furniture and razors. They would cook 
their dinner with the furniture and cut their neighbor's 
throats with the razors. Sanctimonious divines that fleece 




js>-" 



J"U-VElIsri3LEl IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



the flock to clothe themselves with the wool ! [Turninp to 
his bookkeeper) I say, Mr. Clifford, as you have been hard 
worked of late, and business is a little dull to-day, perhaps 
you had better take your wife out for a ride, it will bring the 
bloom to her cheeks. 

Mr. Clifford.— Many thanks, Mr Clinton ; I will accept 
your kind offer ( TlfAvs lax hit and /'< leaviit i the ({(fice). 

Mr. C— I say, Clifford, it might add to the pleasure of 
you kind-hearted lady to have an object in her ride. Suppose 
you drive around to that poor widow's in — let me see {tak- 
in/j lip hia inciiioraitJuiii hook), I have it. ]Mrs. Forsythe, 
28 C street. 

Mr. Clifford. — It will afford both me and my wife 
pleasure to call, Mr. Clinton 

Mr. C. — By the way, I think that the woman's present 
necessities are provided for, as I believe Mrs. Clinton has 
made a small inveEtment in that direction lately. A pleasant 
ride to you. ( Aflrr Mr. < llfford has left) I think I will leave 
awhile and let the air of the oflice change a little. The 
, .'anctity of «ueh an inteiview as I have had this morning is 
i|uite overpowering. 



mm 



Itttlf ^m%. 



CONVICTS. 



Cun-victs ai'u men or woni-en who are 
])Ut in pris-on for kill-ing i)eo-i)le, stoal- 
in.ii', or com-niit-ting some oth-er crime. 
Tliere are a great man-y eon-viets in the 
world. 

"While I was i)reach-ing the gos-pel in 
the South-ern States, 1 went to see some 
e(m-victs who were work-ing on a rail- 
r(ja(l. They were nmn-y, and all locked 
to one long chain, to keep them from get- 
ting a-way. They had to work hard all 
day long and live on corn bread, fat meat, 
and a few dried ai)-ples now and then. 

If one got sick, he had to lay down on 
the gronnd with his chain till the oth-e.is 
(juit work at night. If the "boss" did not 
think he was sick, he was made to work. 
If he would not work, he was tied to a 
log and whipped ver-y haid with a large 
wliip. He would get two, three or fonr 
hun-dred strokes on the bare back, which 
would make the blood run out. Then he 



wonld w^ork next time to keep from get- 
ting pun-ished a-gain. 

While there, I saw a ne-gro with his 
shirt off wdio had been whipped, and the 
scars the whip made were near-ly white. 
This made him look cu-ri-ous, for he was 
striped, white and black. 

These con-victs had guards who stood 
over them with guns, to shoot them if 
they tried to get a-way. They were al-so 
guard-ed at night, and they were not 
al-lowed to turn over in bed, for the 
guards were told to shoot them if they 
made a noise. 

Near-ly all of these con-victs were boys 
who nev-er went to Sun-day school or 
meet-ing. They played with bad chil- 
dren on the Sab-bath day and learned to 
chew, smoke, drink, curse, swear and 
steal. And these thinns led them to 
com-mit sin and be-come con-victs. 

If they had gone to Sun-day school 
and meet-ings, and learned good things, 
and kept com-pa-ny with nice chil-dren, 
they ujight have been no-ble, great and 
hap-py men to-day. 

These men, like you and I, will be 
judged by the Lord ac-cord-ing to their 
works. A\'hat do you think they will say 
when they meet the Lord ? How do you 
think they will feel? They will feel sor- 
ry for the course they took, and will 
re-o-ret it for a-ges! 

0, how I ])it-ied them! I could have 
wei)t if it would have done any good. I 
oft-en think of them with sor-row, and I 
shall re-mem-ber them as long as I live. 

B. 



Any one who is nmc-li talknl dC must bo miich maligned 
This .sfcins to be a ha' sh conclusion; but when you considir 
how much more given men are to depreciate than to appre- 
ciate, you will acnowledge tbiit there is some truth in the 
say'n '. 



^ 



'42^', 




c^"a"^^:H]ITII_>E i"i^sti?.tjotoi^. 



63 1) 



INCIDENTS IN THELIFEOF 
BENJAMIN WEST. 



BY J. H. W. 



^ 
>®^^ 



ONE of the earliest and most distinguished of American 
painters, was Benjamin West, a native of Penns}'lvania. 
He was born near Springfield, Chester County, on the 10th 
of October, 1738. His family were members 6f the sect called 
Quakers, and emigrated to America in 1699 ; his father, how- 
ever, being left at school in England, did not join his relatives 
untillVU. 

The native tendencies of West were early manifested. It is 
said that when he was but six years old his mother left him 
for a few moments to keep the flies from an infant sleeping in 
the cradle. While he was thus employed, the beauty of the 
little creature, smiling in its sleep, attracted his attention, and 
he immediately attempted to delineate its portrait with a pen 
and ink. His mother soon returned, and was surprised and 
delighted at the attempt in which she thought she detected a 
resemblance to the sleeping infant. 

Not long after this, he was sent to school, but was per- 
mitted to amuse himself, during his hours of leisure, in draw- 
ing flowers and animals with a pencil or pen. 

He soon desired .to represent the color as well as the shape ; 
but here he was at a loss, for the community in which he 
lived made use of no paints suitable for his purpose. 

It is said that the first colors he used were formed from char- 
coal and chalk, mixed with the juice of berries. His brushes 
were made fi-om the hair of the cat, fastened in goose quills. 

With these materials, when about nine years of age, he 
drew, on a sheet of paper, the portraits of a neighboring fam- 
ily, in which the delineation of each individual, was sufiiciently 
aecurite to be immediatelj' recognized by his father, when the 
picture was first shown to him. When about twelve years of 
age he drew a portrait of himself with his hair hanging loosely 
about his shoulders. 

His stock of colors was soon considerably enlarged by a 
party of Indians, who visited Springfield in the summer, and, 
becoming interested by the sketches which the boy showed 
them, they taught liim to prepare the red and yellow paints 
which they were accustomed to use. A piece of indigo which 
his mother gave him, furni.shed him with blue : and with 
these three simple primary colors, the young artist felt him- 
self rich. 

One of the earliest patrons of the young painter was the 
father of General Wayne, who, at that time, lived at Spring- 
field. Happening to notice one day several heads drawn upon 
boards with ink, chalk and charcoal, he was so much pleased 
with them as to ask the privilege of taking them home. Nest 
day he called again and presented young West with six dollars. 
This circumstance had considerable effect in inducing him, 
subsequently, to make painting his profession. 

Another circumstance which occurred aliout this period, 
afforded him inexpressible delight. A merchant of Philadel- 
phia, Mr. Pennington, being on a visit to the family, was so 
much pleased with the efforts of Benjamin, that he promised 
him a box of colors and bru.shes. On his return to the city he 
not only fulfilled liis promise, Vjut added to the stock sever:il 
pieces of canvas prepared for paintinsr, as wc^ll as a number of 
engraving.s. The latter were almost invaluable to the young 
artist, as this was before the age of chrouios and photographs, 
and even common-place wood cuts were rarely to be met with 
in those days. 



Nothing could exceed his delight at this unexpected treas- 
ure. He carried the box to a room in the garret, and imme- 
diately began to imitate the engravings in colors, and even 
ventured to form or compose new paintings by using and com- 
bining the figures in the various prints. 

It was not long before it began to be known that a lad lived 
in Springfield who gave great promise of excellence as a 
painter ; and before many years he received applications to 
paint portraits. He afterwards went abroad and in time 
became one of the most noted painters of the age. 



>-»— o- «» 



A PROPHECY. 



BY B. r. s. 



How true is the word of prophecy. After the Fi<Jneers, 
on their way to seek a location for the Saints, had been 
out some six or seven days from Winter Quarters, we met a 
company of mountaineers traveling to the Missouri river." One 

of our comyany. Brother E , saw in this a good chance to 

return. He had not the spirit of the mission, and as he saw 
plenty of hard fare in prospect he wanted to get honorably 
released, of course. Being of the mess to which Ibeloneed, 
and from the same branch, he wanted me to see the President 
and get him released on account of poor health I called at 
President Young's wagou (being camped for the night) and 
told him what Brother E wanted. 

"Well," said he, "if he has not got the spirit of this 
mission we might a? well let him go back. But, as Brother 
Kimball had him called I want you to see him and tell him 
what I say." 

I called at B.•o^her Kiaiball's wagon aud found him at 
supper in company with Brother E^an. I told him what 
Brother E wanted and what President Young had said. 

"Well," said Brother Kimball, "of course we will release 
him!" Then, after a few moments' meditation he said : "I 
am sorry; for If he goes on he will live, but if he goes back 
he will die." 

Si'eing that I was rather astonished at this remark, he 
added: "0, I did not mean that he would die temporally 
by returning; but," said he, with some emphasis, "he will 
die spiritually." 

After a few years, Brother E came on to the Valleys 

and settled at Provo. He was appointed bishop's clerk and 
clerk of the High Council, and in time married a second 
wife, and was very much prospered in the land with flocks 
and herds. 

I marveled that Brother Kimball's prophecy about his spir- 
itual death had failed ; but after a few years Brother E 

concluded he must go to Califi)rnia to get a "fit out," as it 
used to be called. He took both his wive-i with him, but the 
second wife returned, and a few years since I heard from 
Brother E , in San Bernardino keeping a saloon and gam- 
bling house. 



Nkver fiiil tddii iliiily tli:it gocid which lies next to your hand. 
Trust (idd to weave your little thread into tlic great web, though 
t lit' iiatteni shows it not yet. The grand harvest of the ages 
shall come to its reai)ing. and the iImv shall broaden itself to a 
thousand years, and the thousand years shall .show thewselves 
as a ]>erfect and finished day. 




6i CrTJ^EI^ILE IIDTSTI^TJaTOI?.. 




WHEN THE ROSY LIGHT OF MORNING. 



By R. B. Baird. 



-.^- " ^ -»v -•'- -*v -•- -»- -•- -S" -5- -•- • 






When the ro - sy light of morning Soft - ly beams a - bove the hill, And the birds, sweet heavenly 






--.-.M=.^=m ^ :-^ 



■ir-r-r-T 



-(g- -i>- -«^ 



;t^ 



— g> — . r-- 



-I 1 F « 



>*— ^ 



=g 



=t== 



-:t^- 






^ fi 



J= 



=2^= 



==^' 






T 



songsters, Ev' - ry deU with 



^ 



- * — *- 



:rrgc 



'^'=m 




fill. Fresh from 



slumber we a - wak - en, Sunshine 



i|z^t= 



=*=£= 



;^P=«»1 



"P2; 



I4=Z^ 



J- 



gay; Na - ture breathes her sweetest 



l?i=fc 



_L 



i^ 



dt 



g^Pl^^l 



=«:S: 



makes the heart so 

I. -« -*- -m- 

: — *-^>* • 1 — 



re 



-P^ 



:^i=?: 



=^ 



3: 



fragrance On the 

— » te •■= — •— 



It=t 



ho - ly Sab - bath day. 



pi 



CHORUS. 



Then a 



1^2; 



^^ 



:«|i=S: 



:-S- 






- way. 



— P-t^- 



E^ 



haste a 



way. 



Come a - way to the Sun - day 



it= 



:t= 



Then a - way, 



haste a - way, 



5 



it=r:: 



r- 



:t: 





For a wise and dorious purpose 

Thus wo meet each Sabbath day, 
Each one striving for salvation 

Through the Lord's appointed way. 
Earnest toil will be rewarded, 

Zca!on.s hearl.s nffd not repine; 
God will not witholJ II is blessings 

From the eager seeking mind. 

Cheerful hcart.s make duty pleasure, 
WilliuL' iiands make labor light, 

Happiness crowns ever>' effort 
In the battle for the right; 



And when life's short day is ended, 
O, what joys wc then will share. 

If we here obey His precepts 
And prepare to meet Him there ! 

Let us then press boldly onward. 

Prove ourselves as soidiei's true ; 
He will lead us, He will guide us. 

Come, there's work for all to do. 
Never tiring, never doubting. 

Boldly stniKgling to the end, 
tn the world, thoUL'h foes assail us, 

God will surely be our friend. 




