
VOL. 9. 



'ALT LAKE CITY. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1874. 



NO. 25. 



SIH^ LIONS. 



There are many seal-like animals which are larger than the 
common seal, of which latter we gave a picture in Number 
17. The largest kind of all is the sea-elephant, which is so 
named on account of its size, and because it has a proboscis or 
trunk like an elephant. This monstrous animal is no less than 



Then come the sea-lions, of which there are two kinds, the 
northern and the southern. The former are found in the 
Arctic regions and are maneless, like those in our picture; the 
latter live in the Antarctic regions, are larger than the northern 
sea-lions, and have a complete mane like the lion. 





twenty-five feet in length. It is found on the Bhores and 
islands of the Antarctic ocean. 

Another seal-like animal is called the sea-bear, because of 
its dark shaggy fur. The chief home of this animal is the 
Island of St. I'.i'il, which is in the Arctic ocean, no: far from 
brine's Strait. 



At certain seasons of the year innumerable herds of sea-lions 
cover the shores of St. George's island, which is near to St. 
Paul's, and immense numbers of them are captured by the 

Esquimaux, the Aleuts, and Other natives of the far north. 
The last of these animals which we will mention is the sea 

leopard, which owes its name to its spotted shin. 





S90 



•tttvzejietiiiIiIe iustruotor. 




The various kinds of seals and , seal-like animals are of 
immense use to the natives of the icy regions of the north, 
and. indeed, thty could hardly exist without them. Seal-flesh 
is their principal food; the fat of the animal gives them oil for 
their lamps and their fires; its skin is made into warm and 
strong garments, and it is also used to cover their boats, their 
sledges and their tents, and it is cut into strips for their har- 
ness and their whips; its stomach is used for an oil flask, and 
for making waterproof coats: its sinews are used instead of 
thread and silk, for sewing; the thick webs of its flippers 
furnish excellent soles for boots; and its bones are made into 
hooks, knives and spear-points. 

We see the goodness of God in providing these very useful 
animals, and in such immense numbers. Thousands are often 
met with on a single island, and hundreds on a single ice-floe. 
Numerous sailing vessels and many steamers go from our own 
ciuntry. and especially from St. John's, Newfoundland, and 
bring home large quantities of seals or seal-oil. Four steamers 
have lately arrived at St. John's, each of which captured on 
an average twenty thousand seals. 

One of the sights at San Francisco, California, is to go out to 
the Cliff House, on the beach of the Pacific ocean, and witness 
the gambols of the immense herds of sea-lions which crowd 
the islands a little distance from the shore. Somt of them have 
become s i well known to those who frequent the spot, that they 
have given them names: among others one is called "Ben 
Butler." from a fancied resemblance which it bears to General 
Butler. A few years ago some of these animals were brought 
through Salt Like City, as they were being taken east for 
exhibition there. They were exhibited here at the Museum 
of Bro. John W. Young, of which our interesting correspond- 
ent Beth is in charge. 



J± ZE^ZEZ^ITSTZSaiEIfcTCIE. 




BY J. H. 

( Concluded. ) 

After leaving the ship we pulled for about one hundred and 
fifty yards, when Captain Salmon called to Mr. Richards, 
who had charge of the second cutter, to pull in and rescue Mr. 
Brodie, the master. We pulled towards the ship, and, in 
hope of being rescued, the poor fellows in the water kept 
crying out, "Here is Mr. Brodie!'' We picked up three of 
them but finding that Mr. Brodie was not among them, the 
boat was turned around and pulled from the ship. Just at 
that moment there was a terrible crash, and a still more fearful 
shriek from the ship, and looking towards her we saw that she 
had parted in two amidships, the after part being raised so high 
in the air that I could see right under her. By this elevation 
all of those left mi the quartei deck were hurled into the water 
and jammed between the broken portion of the ship and the 
■ ■Mai that was stowed on the upper deck. It was a fearful 
sight, and one never to be forgotten by those who beheld it. 
The ship immediately sank, carrying with her all the poor 
Minis who had not been taken off by the boat, and all this hap- 
pened in much le.^s time than it takes to tell it, for, from the 
time of striking till she sank, it was only about fifteen minutes. 
Nq one had the least idea of such a calamity, and to illustrate 
the feeling of security among the hands, I will here relate an 
incident: As I was going from the starboard paddle box, a 
marine who was doing ship's cook's duty, said, "Well boys, it 
will soon be daybreak. '■ and so saying, he lighted his pipe and 
oinmenced smoking. 



After the sinking of the ship we pulled for the shore, with 
the view of landing the people saved and then of returning to 
the wreck with the hope of saving others who might be 
drifting on pieces of the wreck. On nearing the shore the 
roar was so great with the sea breaking on the beach, that after 
a consultation it was determined to keep out at sea. The man 
who most opposed our landing was an old sailor named Charles 
Noble, and had it not been for his advice the boat would in all 
probability have been dashed to pieces on the rocks, and all 
hands drowned. 

We pulled to sea again, and were soon joined by two other 
boats, the 1st cutter and gig. making in all three boats saved 
from the ship. We remained together till the forenoon, when 
a sail was seen away out to se.:. A consultation was held and 
it was determined to try and reach the sail. Accordingly the 
stoutest and best men were placed in the gig and 1st cutter, 
leaving the poorest crew in the 2nd cutter, with the women and 
children. We parted company and, as we supposed, both the 
boats pulled for the sail. For quite a while the distant ship 
steered on her course, and even stood more out to sea. The 
poor women, some of whom had children at the breast, were 
very sad when they saw the ship steering away from us. for the 
wind began to blow and we knew that we could not catch her, 
and the fear became general that the other boats had aban- 
doned us. We in the boat, thirty-three in all. dreaded the idea 
of spending another night at sea. without food or water. 
In our desperation, like drowning men catching at straws, it 
was determined to make for the ship, and accordingly, not 
having any sails in the boat, a temporary mast was rigged, a 
shawl belonging to one of the women being hoisted for a sail, 
and above that, as a signal, a pair of drawers. I well remem- 
ber with what satisfaction, and I may say joy, the signal was 
regarded in the boat, for it was confidently hoped by us that 
the red shawl and white drawers, now filled by the wind, would 
attract the attention of those on board the vessel we were try- 
ing to reach. Our hope, however, was dampened by the fact 
that the sea began to get rough, and the boat to take in con- 
siderable water, which caused great danger of our being 
swamped. 

It was about one or two o'clock in the afternoon, when one 
of the sailors cried out — "Look, the sail is making for us. ' 
All eyes were instantly turned in the direction of the ship, 
when we saw that our signal had been observed and that she 
was making towards us. Our joy at the prospect of being res- 
cued from death was so great that nearly all on board the boat 
gave one of the most hearty shouts that I have ever heard. 
No sooner had the ship trimmed her sails and was steering for 
us, than she hoisted the English flag, and we knew by that, 
that one of the boats had reached her, and the others would 
soon be picked up. 

It was not long before we could see most all of her sails, and 
also a dark object going aloft; on nearing us we found out that 
the latter was one of our own men, who had been on the look- 
out for the other boats. To say that the sight was hailed with 
joy would convey a faint idea of the emotions that filled the 
breasts of those in the second cutter. 

The ship soon came up with us and we were taken on board 
of what proved to be the schooner Lioness, Captain Itamznn- 
from Cape Town, bound for the Isle of France. 

As' soon as we were all on board sail was madefor the wreck, 
in order to save, if possible, any who might be floating around 
on portions of the vessel remaining above water. On ap- 
proaching the wreck we observed the main mast with the main 
topsail yard above water, and about forty men perched on the 





"^s 



JUYBNILE I1TSTBTJCTOB 



291 



yard, all of whom were taken on board the schooner by their 
boats, manned by the survivors of the ill-fated Birkenhead. 
This accomplished, we made sail for Simon's Bay, but owing 
to contrary winds our voyage was tedious. As we neared the 
plaoe of our destination, we saw a steamer coming towards us. 
which proved to be the Rliadaman'.hus, which had been dis- 
patched to pick up the survivors of the Birkenhead, some of 
the men who had got on shore, having walked across the 
country and given the account of the disaster. You can form 
no idea of the anxiety of the people at Simon's Bay for the 
safety of the women and children, and those in the boats, for 
they had been informed that we had neither food nor water; 
and iii one boat was thirty-nine souls, young and old. and about 
twenty in the other, besides those who were supposed to be on 
the wreck, and for eighty or ninety people to be without food 
or water for 'three or four days, naturally caused a great deal 
of anxiety for their safety, for those who had reached the shore 
did not know of our good fortune in being picked up by the 
Lioness. 

We were taken in tow by the Iihadamanfhus. towed into 
Simon's Bay, and transferred to H. 31. S. Castor, where we 
found a sumptuous repast awaiting us. 

We remained on board the Castor three days, and while 
there that generous disposition so characteristic of sailors was 
manife t :d towards the survives. I have 'earned by expe ieaee 
that if a man has passed through danger and shipwreck he can 
sympathize with those in like circumstances, and hence the 
kindness o r those on board the Castor some of whom had 
] lapsed through like peril?. 

H. M. ship Amazon, of twenty-six guns, Captain Trow- 
bridge, shortly afterwards sailed into the harbor, and the 
survivors of the Birkenhead were transferred to her. The 
Ainazr.n had been from England five years, stationed in the 
Chinese seas. She sailed from Simon's Bay in March, 1852, 
and after a run of a few days sighted St. Helena. 



y>> 



SIE^S OF G-E.ASS. 

OUR western prairies stretching as far as eye can reach, and 
covered with tall grass m.ving with a wavelike motion in 
the wind, have often been compared to seas. But our prairies 
do not deserve the name of seas of grass as well as do the 
great llanos, or grass plains of South America. 

The llanos of Venezuela occupy an area which Humboldt 
estimated at 153,000 square miles — a space equal to that occu- 
pied by the States of Maine, New Hampshire. Vermont, Massa- 
chusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut. New York and Pennsyl- 
vania. These immense plains are as flat as the surface of the 
sea in a calm, an .1 the whole weary level is covered with tall, 
rank grass. 

We are told that one might travel over this dead plain for 
over eleven hundred miles, from the delta of the Orinoco river 
to the Andes of Pasto,. and not encounter an eminence one foot 
in hight. Yet there really is one slight inequality. This is 
called a. mesa, and is a gentle knoll swelling very gradually to 
an elevation, of a few yards. This slight elevation, rising SO 
gradually that the eye does not preeeivc it, is the water-shed 
which divides the water that falls during the rainy season, 
sending a part to the southeast to feed the Orinoco, and a part 
to uorthwesl to feed the streams flowing to the north. 

During the rainy season, from April to the end of October, 
the great sea- of grass became seas of shallow water. The 

tropical rains pour down ill torrents, and the swollen rivers over- 
flow their low banks, sending their floods over hundreds of 
square mile3 of the vast plain. Great numbers of horses and 



cattle, which have not been able to escape to the vast elevation 
of the mesa, or water-shed, are drowned. When the water 
subsides, leaving behind a rich, fertilizing sediment, the great 
plains become beautiful with the tall, flowering grasses of the 
South American plants, while in the neighborhood of the rivers 
a few fan-palm trees wave their broad leaves, and delicate 
mimosas, or sensitive-plants, skirt the river shores. 

This is the period during which the llanos deserve their 
name as seas of grass. Later in the season, when the thirsty 
earth and heated air have succeeded in drinking up the last 
remains of the overflow of water, the llanos might be called 
seas of dust, for the grass has been burnt to powder by the 
intense dry heat, and the air is filled with dust raised, says 
Mangin, in his "Desert World.'' by currents caused I y local 
differences of temperature, even when there is no wind. The 
dust thus moved in stifling waves is sometimes still farther 
agitated by opposing winds. When these meet, the dust and 
sand are caught up into enormous pillars with broad tops 
spreading out like inverted pyramids, which whirl through the 
hot air like the sand-spouts of the Saharan Desert, or the 
water-spouts of the ocean. 

The poor animals, which during the rainy season were in 
such peril of drowning, are now. after a short period of happi- 
ness exposed to equal danger and worse pain, from the dry 
waves of dust and an agonizing thirst. How eagerly, then, 
thev listen to the first sounds of the distant thunder, herald- 
ing the welcome, life-restoring rain! It comes; and for awhile, 
before the floods reach their bight, the vast plains, coveied 
with verdure and furnishing food to thousands of happy animals, 
become again the gentle waving seas of grass.-5?. NicJmlas. 



^..^g>. ~ .p-^*=- 



THE LAMAITITES, 



BY .MUX NICHOLSON. 



{Continued. ) 
TPiiF. writer's belief is that the personages who are visiting 
1 and instructing the Lamanites are those apostles of the 
Nephites, to whom it was given never to taste of death, but to 
live to behold the doings of the Father unto the children of 
men until the coming of Christ, in Ilis glory, in th ■ clouds of 
heaven, when those blessed apostles will be changed in the 
twinkling of an eye, which means, by comparison, that the 
transition will be exceedingly quick. These good men had 
the great desire that they might bring the souls of men to 
Christ while the world shall stand. This was a very good 
d:s're, and the Lord was well pleased with them for having it, 
and He is not only well pleased with them on that account, but 
He will aho be well pleased with you my young readers, if you 
have it in your hearts to do good to your fellow creatures. 

Seeing that the desire to live to bring the souls of men to 
Christ was granted to those Nephite apostles, is it not reasona- 
ble to suppose that they are the ones who are seeking to bring 
tin.' Lamanites to a knowledge of the Savior? 11' il be not 

they who can it be'.' For they had the promise of being per- 
mitted to do this great work, and it appears thai they are 
being used as instruments in the hands of God in bringing to 

pass the promises made to tin- Nephite fathers, that the 
Lamanites who should live on ibis land in the latter days 
should receive the record of their forefathers (the Bonk of 

Mormon) ami be brought to a knowledge of their Savior- 
This is bringing souls to Christ. 

Since the writer commenced this article regarding the 
Lamanites he has been enabled to glean some more informati 



vsi. 





2^2 



J TJ "V E IN" I L E INSTRUCTOR. 




on the subject, which he hopes will be as interesting to the 
general readers of the Instructor as it is to him, to whom it 
is intensely so, as an important matter connected with the 
progress and development of the work of God. 

It will probably be remembered by most of the readers that 
there was some trouble with the Indians of the Uintah Reser- 
vation about two years ago, and that, in consequence, General 
Henry A. Morrow, then Commandant at Camp Douglas, held 
a consultation with them at Springville, in which he was 
assisted by Elders A. K. Thurber, then Bishop of Spanish 
Fork, Lyman Woods, of Springville, and others. The result 
of the consultation was that several of the leading Indians, or, 
as they should really be called, Lamanites, went to Washington, 
to see the President of the United States and other leading 
men of the nation, that they might lay their grievances before 
them, with a view to having their condition made better, they 
being dissatisfied, and probably with good reason, with the 
Indian agents of the government. After these Indians of the 
delegation had been to Washington and returned home, one of 
them related a very curious incident which he said occurred to 
him while there. He told his experience, so the writer is 
informed on good authority, to Brothers A. K. Thurber, S. P. 
Davies and A. L. Farnsworth, and the substance of the narra- 
tive as told the writer, is to the effect that, while in his room, 
in a hotel, at Washington, he was visited by a personage, on 
three different evenings, who conversed with him in a similar 
strain to what the messengers did who visited Toobuka, as 
described in the first chapter of this article. 

The chief described the visitor as a person with a very beau- 
tiful, bright face, and in every way like a man. His conversa- 
tion was God-like. He told the chief that it was very wrong 
to kill people or to steal, and counseled him never to do such 
things. He also told him about the Book of Mormon being a 
record of the forefathers of the Indians, and told him that 
there was still another book about the fathers of the Laman- 
ites that the Lord would leveal, but when it would be brought 
forth the Lamanites would be a very different people from 
what they are now. They would be peaceful and industriouf, 
and would cultivate the ground like the whites. He also 
stated that the "Mormons" were the friends of the Indians, 
and other things of similar purport. 

A matter that is coincident with one statement of the Indian 
regarding what he said the vititor told him about the coming 
forth of another record, is that the Lord has promised in His 
due time, when the people are more righteous, to reveal the 
portion of the plates which were not translated by the Prophet 
Joseph Smith, but which were sealed, and which are probably 
still in care of the angel from whom Joseph Smith received 
the plates from which the Book of Movmon was translated; 
and this was probably the other book or record referred to by 
the messenger. 

( To he Continued.) 



Wasted Time. — Lost wealth may be restored by industry, — 
the wreck of health regained by temperance.— forgotten know- 
ledge restored by study.— alienated friendship smoothed into 
forgetfulness,— even forfeited reputation won ly penitence 
and virtue. But who ever looked on bis vanished hours, — 
recalled his slighted .years, — stamped them with wisdom, — or 
effaced from heaven's record the fearful bolt of wasted time? 



-♦*- 



♦♦- 




The greatest truths are the simplest, and so are the greatest 
men. 



x-htidxj^. 



From the l'en and Flow. 



As an Anglo-Indian of some twenty years' experience, I have 
often chuckled over the ignorance of folks at home on 
what really constitutes the animal plagues of life in India. 
There is an impression abroad that snakes and scorpions are as 
common in an Indian bungalow as black beetles and spiders in 
a London lodging house; but so far from this being the case, 
in all my Indian service I have never yet seen a cobra inside a 
house, and I dare say I could count on my fingers all I have 
seen out of doors when shooting, hunting, etc. As for scor- 
pions, I was stung by one once — and suffered very little pain 
by the way — but they are in no wise so plentiful as is supposed; 
indeed, in a clean, well-swept house, I doubt if the proprietor 
would see two scorpions in a year, and even these would most 
probably be in situations where a sting would be impossible. 
I have known a cheetah to take refuge under a lady's piano, 
and that, too, in one of the largest military stations of South- 
ern India; but these are not the creatures from which the exile 
of the East suffers daily aud constant annoyance; we must look 
elsewhere for the plagues that fever his blood, in combination 
with the heat and the servants. At the head of all I should 
place the Indian crow — corvus splendens, I believe he is scien- 
tifically called — a sooty, diamond eyed rascal, the pest of the 
country and the people. In the Madras Club, and in many 
private houses, they keep a servant with a pellet bow in his 
hand on purpose to drive away these impudent birds from the 
reception room; nevertheless, despite peon and pellets, corvus 
splendens will alight on the handsome punkahs, and maliciously 
defile them, and such books and papers as may be on the tables 
beneath. The fine statue by Chantrey of the revered Sir 
Thomas Munroe, at Madras, is a favorite resting place of this 
rascally bird, to whom nothing is sacred, aud the general's head 
is so whitened by the crows that he might well be called Sir 
Thomas Guano. 

The cunning of this crow is incredible. From what I have 
seen myself, I can quite believe Sir Emerson Tenent's story of 
the one crow pulling the dog's tail while the other snatched 
the bone from between his paws, for I have observed them 
do almost everything but talk, and they are especially great in 
the thieving line. It would almost seem as if the spirits of 
innumerable Fagins and Artful Dodgers must animate the 
crow, in accordance with the Hindoo doctrine of transmigra- 
tion of souls, and I am sure that even Jack Sheppard himself 
could not "crack a crib" more speedily and effectively than 
this cunning bird. Sometimes, however, he catches a Tartar, 
in the shape of the cook, when on his marauding expeditions. 
The natives dislike killing these birds, even when caught in 
the act of carrying oft' their curry, but they revenge themselves 
upon the thief, when they catch him, after the humane fashion 
of the mild Hindoo, aud pluck the bird all over, leaving him 
nothing but his wings and tail to get away with. A most 
miserable object does the ex-corvus splendens present under 
these circumstances. He is a veritable scarecrow, and I imag- 
ine soon dies of hypochondria or melancholia on the ledge of 
a roof. 

The crow is a bold bird too, and I will give an instance of 
his audacity. One time my house became so infested with 
crows that I determined to thin their numbers with a breech- 
loader. Before this the crows and myself were on as good 
terms as was possible under the circumstances. They didn't 
''caw, caw," I believe, more than they could help about the 




? 



J TJ -V IE 1ST X L El I^TSTE/UCTOB 



293 





windows and verandah, and they only stole the servant?' 
things, rarely mine. The state of affairs was like the truce 
between Bertram and the smugglers in "Guy Mannering," 
and it would have been well with me if I had compromised 
with the thieves and let them alone, but I didn't. On that 
sanguinary morning I slaughtered a heap of the enemy, who 
fell from the clouds on their murdered comrades as fast as I 
could load and fire, so great was the multitude, and so long 
had they remained unmolested. In fact, by the time I had 
exhausted my cartridges, I might have said, with Alexander 
Selkirk, "their tameness was shocking to me." I supposed I 
was free from the enemy for a long time to cooie. Not a lit 
of it. The next morning I went out alone to gather some 
mushrooms on the plain beyond my bungalow, but had not 
gone far before I was pursued by a few crows, who screamed 
and cawed over my head with every expression of abhorrence 
and indignation, even swooping down at times as if to strike 
me with their wings. At first I laughed, but as I proceeded 
the crows increased in number. Crows from all parts of the 
cantonment arrived, attracted by the noise, and cawed anl 
swooped over my head until I was fairly beaten by the clamor, 
and had to return to the house for peace sake. And for 
ceveral days afterwards this happened, the crows even following 
me towards the parade ground when on horseback, until by 
degrees their number lessened, and it was only the rascals 
belonging to my own compound that saluted me with hoarse 
execrations whenever I appeared in their midst. 

The reader miy smile, but I can assure him it is no joke to 
make an enemy of the Indian crows. Overcome by heat and 
exhaustion, one may wish in vain for sleep. "Nature's sweet 
restorer," if crows are* in the vicinity.. They will "caw" you 
into a fever, and even a Quaker might swear under the provo- 
cation. 

Next in the scale of nuisances I place the spa'r >w. Individ- 
ually I suffer little from mosquitoes, or of course I should give 
the insect precedence; but sparrows are in truth a torment. 
Tney are as bold as the crows, and their twittering is nearly as 
aggravating as the "caws" of the others. I know little of the 
history of sparrows, but I am under the impression that when 
the cock and hen are not love-making they are laying, and when 
they are not laying they are building nests. They are never 
idle — would that they were ! Now, in Indian bungalows the 
c ailing is often formed of a plastered v.hite cloth that conceals 
the rafters, and inside this the sparrows love to build their 
nests, tearing holes in the rotten cloth with their stout bills tor 
the purpose. Once they are in, you might as we'll have an 
organ grinder there, for all the peace the unhappy householder 
gets down below. Such fluttering?, squeakings, twitterings, 
and thumpings as go on above the cloth, would drive anyone 
mad; and unless, on Jack My t ton's principle of curing the hic- 
cough, one was to set fire to the house, there is little chance of 
getting rid of them. Once, with the thermometer at 92°, a 
sleepless night over whist and Van John, and an early parade 
all on top of each other, I was enraged to that extent, that I 
closed all the doors and windows, seized a pellet bow, and fired 
bullets in hundreds against the destroyers of my peace and 
happiness. But I could only kill one fat cock bird in exchange 
fur quantities of dust in my eyes, a broken lamp, and a ruined 
picture through which I sent a golee or ball. Poisoned grain, 
I understand, destroys this pest, but I have a horror of using 
poison on anything animate, however obnoxious. 

T could only once bring myself to administer arsenic to mu-k 
rats, another of the animal plagues of Indian life. There is 
nothing more hideous to my niud than one of these pig-like, 
10X10US rats. I lived in a house that literally -wanned with 



them, and there was nothing in the way of furniture or wearing 
apparel in the rooms that was not steeped in the oppressive 
odor of musk. They used actually to get into our beds at night 
and crawl over the body, until I thought of myself as the idle 
apprentice in Hogarth's celebrated bed picture. Everything I 
ate or drank had a flavor of musk, so that at last, driven to 
desperation, I set saucers of white arsenic and bread and milk 
about, and waited the result. It came in an unexpected man- 
ner, in the odor of putrefying animal matter, and when it was 
too late, I knew that there was a decomposing rat in every hole 
and corner of my unlucky mansion. If I had not quitted it 
immediately. I believe I should have shortly become a musk 
man myself. 

A great nuisance in some parts of India is the insect called 
in the vernacular the "jeramundel." I don't profess to know 
what the Latin name of this creature may be. and can only say 
that it resembles a shrimp set on a Harry longlegs. and scuttles 
over the mats and floor with the speed of an express train. 
The natives say its bite is mortal, but I don't believe the state- 
men". I never saw any one bitten by a jeramundel, but I have 
heard of pec pie suffering great agony from the sting or bite, 
which shoulel be commoner than it is, seeing that in the hot 
weather the jeramundels run about the carpets in scores, and 
nearly always at night. After the hot season they go to 
destruction somewhere, and joy be with them! But I prefer 
the jeramundel to the green bug that at the commencement of 
the rainy season swarms on our dinner tables, attracted by the 
light and shining white tablecloth. This species smells as 
rankly as any of the family, and, what is worse, tastes as he 
smells. Any one doubting this fact has only to dine in India 
during the rains to be convinced of its veracity. He will be 
sure to get one or two in his beer, soup, or mutton, the flavor 
of which will remain on his palate for the whole night after- 
wards. 

Hardly less irritating are the flying ants, which arrive in 
company, and, leaving their wings where they fall, crawl over 
the plates and dishes, reminding one of the insect plagues of 
Egypt. 

The true bug is. I need hardly say, as common in Indian 
bedsteads as in seaside mattresses. Even with the precaution 
of iron cots, they swarm on the bedclothes, and, though one 
grows in some sort accustomed to their presence, they are one 
of the most disgusting plagues of the country. Your mosquito, 
if he bites you, does so like a gentleman at least, and there is 
nothing odorous or repellent about him, except the blood he 
extracts from your corpus; but a bug is the very essence of 
vulgarity, and to be bitten by one is to be degraded. 
(To be Con/ hiiied.) 



Produce of the Earth. — Take the potato from Ireland 
ami starvation comes. Famine reccently had its hold on 
Bengal on account of its rice crop. Bread fruit in West India 
is both food and clothing. Heaven sends it and causes it to 
grow, and the lazy natives ask nothing further. And yet all 
these yield to the despised bamboo. We go fishing with these 
poles; the Chinese eat them. The uses to which it is put 
render it a national benefactor. Houses, boats, screens and 
water-wheels are made of it, together with fences, ropes, 
furniture, hats, umbrellas, and all varieties of weapons, lamp- 
wicks, pencils, brushes, pens, aqueducts, telescopes, and a 
thousand other things of daily use. We might almost say thai 
were the bamboo to perish suddenly from off the earth the 
whole Chinese Empire would Collapse. 



THE LIBRARY OF THE 
DESERET SUNDAY 



I- SrRuTQL UN I ON BOAKD 




50 NORTH MAIN STRFPT 




294= 



J" IT "V IE IN" I L E USTSTIE^TJOTOIE^. 





weiii 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5, 


1874. 





EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 

S it Godlike to be cruel? Is there any- 
thing ennobling in abusing the dumb 
creatures of our God? Yet how many do 
commit this wrong. Some thoughtlessly — 
some, we regret to say. intentionally, and 
apparently with no excuse, but simply from 
sheer wantonness. Let us refer to a few 
exam] iles. 
Pigeon shooting matches have within 
the past few years been introduced into Utah. 
The sport of pigeon shooting, if it can be called 
a sport, seems a mockery, when the sufferings 
of its victims are brought closely home to us. 
The poor birds, left to die in hoaps, mangled, 
mutilated, with backs broken, limbs fractured, flesh 
torn and every nerve quivering with pain, may well 
excite the pity of every humane being. But what 
is the excuse of those who indulge in this practice? 
It i^ sometimes urged in defense of pigeon shooting matches 
that the design is to cultivate skill in shooting: but surely this 
can be obtained without subjecting innocent birds to so much 
pain and suffering. Then it is a fashionable amusement: and 
fashion in the eyes of some folks covers a multitude of follies. 
There is another kind of cruelty, often practiced but seldom 
thought of. A young man in one of our settlements is invited 
to a party in some neighboring town. lie saddles his horse 
and rides bri.-kly. perhaps furiously, say live or ten miles to 
the place ol Hi- hoi ■ is weating with the exer- 

tion ofthe i h i r standing unsheltered, exposed 

to a freezing wind orbiting now storm for some six or seven 
hours of the night.' When, the dance being over, the youth 
returns as rapidly as the half-frozen limbs of the poor 
animal will enable it to carry him. Home is reached once 
in ire, and without any further attention the horse is consigned 
to a corral or to something called a stable, to again endure the 
ligors of wind and snow. As a result, the youth soon learns 
that his horse i- foundered. 

Thousands of horses and cattle have died in this Territory 
through want of attention. They have died lingering deaths 
of cold and starvation, when turned out on the bleak, shelter- 
less ranges during the winter season, to rough it as best they 
may. to be brought up and worked during the summer, and 
again turned out on the approach of another winter. Is this 

the way to make a g 1 use of the blessings of God, or to 

in ) ise the talent- He has made us stewards over? 

Again, many treat their animals with much cruelty by over- 
working them, or making them work when sick or suffering 
from -ore shoulders, etc., by underfeeding them, by unmerci- 
fully whipping them, and in many other ways. 

How marked U the difference between man's cruelty and 
thoughtlessness to the mute creation, and God's care for all 
the works of His hands. The ancient Mosaic law. hard its it 
was for men to live up to, did not omit to regulate the conduct 
of the Israelites towards their cattle. Thou shalt not muzzle 
he ox when he treadeth out the corn" is written in this law, 



and again, the people were told that on the seventh day they 
should not do any work, neither they, their children, nor their 
servants, not even their oxen, their asses nor their cattle; these 
had rest given to them on the Sabbath day by the express 
command of their Maker. 

How great is the concern manifested by God for the beasts 
of the field, in the reasons he gives to Jonah for sparing the 
great city of Nineveh, whose people had repented at the 
preaching of this prophet. Jonah felt that after he had 
proclaimed in the streets of this vast city "Yet forty days and 
Nineveh shall be overthrown" that the Lord insulted him by 
not fulfilling his words. But the great Ruler of the universe 
showed the prophet his folly, and when the latter had learned 
the lesson, He gave him as reasons why He did not destroy 
the city when its people turned from their sins, that therein 
were more than six score thousand persons who could 
not discern between their left and right hands, and also 
much cattle. 

In some of the countries of Europe and in the Eastern 
States societies have been formed for the prevention of cruelty 
to animal<. Their work is a noble one: to protect those who 
cannot protect themselves. Something akin to this is needed 
in some parts of Utah, by which men may be taught that 
even beasts have rights which must be respected and which can 
be enforced by law where humanity and good sense have no 
hold. It is a shameful sight to see a man or boy abusing the 
position he claims as the lord of creation by ill-using, torturing 
or destoying those who, being helpless, are given unto his care 
as servants, for him to make a good use of. and at the 
same time treat with kindness and provide for with thought- 
fulness. 



— eC>* <2^ < fr in 



Swearing. — It is no mark of a gentleman to swear. The 
most worthless and vile, the refuse of mankind, the drunkard 
and the prostitute swear as well as the best dressed and edu- 
cated person. No particular endowments are requisite to give 
a finish to the art of cursing. The basest and meanest of 
mankind -wear with as much tact and skill as the most refined: 
and he that wishes to degrade himself to the very lowest 
level of i ollution and shame should learn to be a common 
swearer. Any man has talents enough to learn to curse God, 
and imprecate perdition on himself and fellow-men. Profane 
swearing never did any man any good. No man is the richer, 
or wiser, or happier for it. It helps no one's education or 
manners. It commends no one to any society. It is disgusting 
to the refined, abominable to the good; insulting to those with 
whom we associate; degrading to the mind: unprofitable, need- 
le--, and injurious to society: and wantonly to profane His 
name, to call His vengeance down, to curse Him, and to invoke 
His wrath, is perhaps of all offences the most awful in the 
sight of God. 

"Maintain your rank, vulgarity despise; 
To swear is neither brave, polite nor wise.'' 



There is something instructive and encouraging for young 
men in the history and present position of Hon. Alex. Macken- 
zie, now Premier of the Dominion of Canada, He started in 
life with no capital but his brains and his hands, and worked 
at his chosen avocation as a stonemason, and subsequently as a 
practical farmer. By perseverance and untiring energy, united 
with sterling integrity, he pushed himself up to the highest 
position in the country of his adoption. 





0~ XT AT IE I£T I ILj IE IITSTBUCTOR. 



295 




st. BZEiRisr^iRD dogs. 



Perhaps all our readers Lave heard of the noble dogs of St. 
Bernard; but it may be that some of them do not know 
much about them, and will be glad to learn the facts which 
we are about to state. 

One of the most famous, but at the same time one of the 
most dangerous, passes or paths over the Alps Mountains from 
Switzerland to Italy, is the grand St. Bernard pass. The 
Romans trod this pass a hundred years before Christ lived on 
the earth, and crowned it with the temple of Jupiter. A 
Roman army crossed it in A. D. 69, and another in 186; an uncle 
of Charlemagne went across it with an army in 773: and last, 
but not least, Napoleon led 30,000 men over it in A. D. 1800. 
More than twenty thousand men cross it every year. 

And yet as we stated, it is a very dangerous pass. In some 
places the road is very steep and narrow, and in the winter 
season it is covered with snow, ami even in summer a snow 
storm will come on very suddenly, and often when the morning 
has been bright and pleasant. The storms, too. there sometimes 
rage with great fury, 
and they bring down 
avalanches of ice and 
snow from the hights 
above. Many trav- 
elers perish in the 
snow every year, but 
not so many as used 
to be the ease in for- 
mer times. 

On the very top of 
the i a^<. and in a 
bitter cold region, a 
refuge for travelers, 
called a "Hospice," 
has been established, 
and from this refuge 
there go forth every 
day in search of lost 
travelers some of the ' ^V^W 
monks or servants ~ .. ■'■ 
who live in the 
Hospice, accompan- 
ied, each of them, 
by two of the Si. 
Bernard dogs. Occasionally the dogs are sent without- the 
men, especially in stormy nights. This refuge was founded in 
A. H, 962, by Count Bernard, of Menthon in Savoy, who, 
though of a noble family, gave his wealth and forty years of 
his life to tb" protection and entertainment of travelers between 
Switzerland and Italy. At first the house was very -mall. Imt 
now it is a large granite building, fan- stories high, and can 
contain a large number of travelers. In the epahel, bright 
with white paint ami gilding, and among pictures of martyrs 
ami saints, is placed the picture of thi first St. Bernard dog, 
the ancestor of them all. He is neatly life size, and stands by 
the side of St. Bernard, with hi- noble head raised t" his 
master's hand. The monk, in his brown frock, and his grand 
head shrouded by his cowl, ami a child in "ii' 1 arm, looks jus) 
the man to have lived (as they say he did) alone on that spot 
fur years in a solitary cell, and the dog in have been just the 

good, brave dog they -ay he was. 

About a dozen of the monks of the order of St. Augustine, 
with as many of the St. Bernard dogs, watch here through the 



long wintry days and nights for the snow-shrouded travelers- 
Only about fifteen years can be lived here by these kind- 
hearted men, and only about half that time by the faithful 
animals who share with them the bitter cold and the many 
dangers to which they are exposed. 

Every day in winter, and almost every day in summer, the 
pass is traversed by some of the monks, or the mountaineers 
employed by them, and the dogs; but on extraordinary occa- 
sions, — in thick fogs, thunder storms and snow storms — almost 
the whole population of the convent will turn out in company 
with the dogs, furnished with biers, cordials, cloaks and every- 
thing necessary for exhausted travelers. 

The dogs rejoice exceedingly in the good work in which they 
are engaged, and they rush out with a gladsome bound and 
lead the way through the storm. Indeed, the men would be 
of little or no use without the dogs. These keen-scented 
animals will find out the traveler when the men never could — 
will find him even if covered with fifteen or twenty feet of 
snow. The monks say that the dogs will scent a body in the 
snow fully three miles, and that they are of the greatest use to 

them in g nidi n g 
them across fresh 
fallen snow or 
through drifts, walk- 
ing carefully on, bur- 
ied all but their tails, 
which they carry 
straight up like a 
bound, the monks 
1 following the guiding 
of the warning tail, 
which is all they 
generally see of their 




'■'". . :, > 



| dogs above the snow 
As soon as the 

dogs find some ] r 

famishing man, they, 

j by motions, lead him 

I to take seme of the 

ty wine or brandy they 

' c a r ry in a flask 

*t-' s t r a ]i p e d around 

their uecks, and if 

he Can walk they lead 

him t o w a r d the 
cannot walk, one of the two 
other hastens back to guide 



monks or to the convent. If he 
dogs remains with him, an 1 the 
the monks to the spot. In those cases where the travelers i re 
covered with snow, they scratch it away with their feet, and 
keep up at the same time a loud barkina to attract the monks 
to the spot. If, when the snow is scratched away, the man is 
benumbed, and the monks have not come, one of them tries 
to revive the man by breathing on his face, or by 'vine on his 
body to impart some of his own warmth, while the ether 
hastens for the human deliverers, Not that all the dogs act 
thus wisely, but the more intelligent and experienced of 
iluiH do. 

There-rued men w hen unable to walk, are earned by the 

monks and their servants to clean, comfortable rooms in the 

convent, where n chang ' el. .thine and all needed attendance 

1 food are cheerfully provided, and that without charge. 

When they are able to leave the rcfug i, ?ome of the ■■ I 

i. i rs and the dogs go with them to guide them safely off 
the mountains, 





i>96 



J" IT "V" IE 1ST I !_, El IUSTBUCTOR 





And not alone are rescued travelers thus kindly treated, but all 
v,'! 10 go over the grand St. Bernard Pass are welcome to the shelter 
and refreshment of the refuge, and some years no less than 
twenty-three thousand persons are entertained there, and the 
;.verage number each year is twenty thousand. 

When Napoleon Bonaparte made his celebrated passage of 
(he Alps, he rested and refreshed himself at this house. The 
i Mini in which he rested is still preserved, and is over the front 
door. The present Prince of Wales also rested here, and he 
: f'terwards sent the monks a very fine piano as a token of the 
kindness he received. The reception room is hung with 
beautiful engravings and paintings presented by other grateful 
travelers. 

Each person who strps at the refuge is provided with a 
room and a good supper and breakfast, without money and with- 
out price. It may well be asked, how do these monks get money 
enough to feed so many thousands. In the summer time, hun- 
dreds of persons of means from the United States, England and 
other countries, who are traveling for pleasure, visit this cele- 
brated refuse, and most of them put something into the bos 
which is next to the door. But the greater part of those who 
are entertained are poor people seeking work, and using this 
a •< the shortest route between Italy and Switzerland. Most or 
these are able to give but very little, and others nothing at all. 
But the very poorest, and those who are most likely to give 
nothing, are treated by the monks just the same as the rich, 
and those who are likely to give largely. As the money received 
at the refuge is much less than is necessary for its support, 
Mjuie of the monks go out in the summer season, each accom- 
panied by a dog, to a.sk contributions from persons living in 
the neighboring part of Italy and Switzerland, and some of 
those who never crossed the mountains are more generous than 
others who have been kindly treated while at the refuge. 

There is not a tree nor a shrub within five miles of the 
refuge on either side. All the wood, as well as all the provis- 
ions of every kind, must be brought up the mountains on 
mules, and there are only three months in a year when it can 
be done, on account of snow storms. The refuge is on the 
highest inhabited spot in Europe, and at that great hight the 
air is so rarefied that the water will not boil, nor fire burn, as 
soon as at the foot of the mountains. Nearly double the time 
i- required to prepare the meals, and of course double the 
amount of fuel is used, and the expenses of the convent are veiy 
heavy, though the monks receive nothing themselves but 
their food and clothing, and that though they are well-educated, 
gentlemanly men. 

We have spoken of these brave men and their favorite 
animals as the rescuers of those ready to perish; but sometimes 
they themselves are overwhelmed by heavy snow drifts and 
huge avalanches. ( hi one occasion two of these men and two 
dogs perished through great masses of ice and snow coming 
down upon them, and upon the person whom they were guiding 
down the mountain. At another time a monk, three servants, 
and all the dogs then at the refuge perished in an avalanche, 
buried fifteen feet deep' 

An entirely new set of dogs had to be obtained from a place 
where these animals are reared, which is two or three miles 
below the refuge. In consequence of the extreme cold, the 
puppies cannot be reared at the Hospice; so, like royal infants, 
they have an establishment of their own, the nursery being a 
large chalet kept for the purpose. 

The custom is to send out two dogs together to search for 
travelers, one of the two being a young one, for the purpose of 
its learning from the old one; but in this case there were no 



experienced animals for the young ones to learn from, and the 
monks had to give much more time to their training than is usu- 
ally necessary. But great care is always taken in the feeding and 
training of the dogs, and the monks make great pets of them, 
and they delight in telling interesting stories concerning the 
more intelligent and useful of them. 

Two of the most noted of these animals were named Paris 
and Drapeau. They saved many lives, and sometimes in very 
skillful ways. But the most famous of all the dogs was 
Barry. He was the most intelligent, amiable and successfu 
of them all. During a life of little more than twelve ye.'rshe 
saved the lives of forty-eight travelers. Nothing is said to 
have equaled his pleasure when he succeeded in saving a trav- 
eler from perishing in the .°now. He used to show his satisfac- 
tion by joyful leaps, barking, wagging his tail — in short, in 
every possible way. Once he brought to life a child, and by 
continued caresses led him to mount his back, and thus carried 
him to the convent. 

This splendid dog met his death through his kind efforts 
being misunderstood. One day having found a man nearly 
frozen to death in the snow — a deserter from the Austrian 
army — the noble animal by unceasing efforts succeeded in reviv- 
'ng him. The soldier, unable to account for the presence of 
a dog in the dreary solitude, frightened out of his wits by its 
loud barking, and supposing it had been sent by his pursuers 
to track him, drew his sword and plunged it in the heart of his 
deliverer. Thus died the noblest dog that ever lived. Barry's 
skin has been carefully stuffed, and is now in the Museum of 
Natural History at Berne. This noble creature was considered 
the most perfect type of the St. Bernard dog. 

The dog on the right hand of the picture we give is called 
Young Barry, because of his great resemblance to Old Barry. 
Let us hope that he will be as good and useful an animal as the 
latter, and that no one will mistake his kind intentions. 



.A. SIMULIE 



A 



smile ! Nothing on earth can smile but man ! Gems may 
flash reflected light; but what is a diamond-flash compared 
with an eye-flash and mirth-flash? Flowers cannot smile: this 
is a charm that even they caunot claim. It is the prerogative 
of man; it is the color which love wears, and cheerfulness, and 
joy — these three. It is the light in the window of the face, 
by which the heart signifies to father, husband, or friend, that 
it is at home and waiting. A face that cannot smile is like a 
bud that cannot blossom, and dries up on the stalk. Laughter 
is day, and sobriety is night, and a smile is the twilight that 
hovers gently between both, more bewitching than either. 
But all smiles are not alike. The cheerfulness of vanity is not 
like the cheerfulness of love; the smile of gratified pride is not 
like the radiance of goodness and truth. The rains of summer 
fall alike upon trees and shrubs; but when the storm passes, 
and every leaf hangs a-drip, each gentle puff of wind brings 
down the petty shower, and eyery drop brings with it some- 
thing of the nature of the leaf or blossom on which it hung; 
the roadside leaf yields dust, the walnut leaf bitterness; some 
flowers poison, while the wild grape blossom, the rose, the 
sweet-brier, lend their aroma to the twinkling dew, and send 
them down in perfumed drops. And so it is with smiles, 
which every heart perfumes according to its nature — selfish- 
ness is acrid; pride, bitter; 'good-will, sweet and fragrant. 



He who buys too many superfluities may be obliged to sell 
his necessaries. 





J" TT "VIE IN" I Hi IE iitstbtjctob 



297 




.A. LITTLE ZEUEIRO- 




IN the city of Hartford, Conn., lives the hero of the true 
story I am ahout to relate — but no longer "little," as the 
perilous adventure which made him famous in his native town 
happened many years ago. 

Our hero was then a bright and active boy of fourteen — the 
son of a mechanic. In the severe winter of 1835 the father 
worked in a factory, about a mile from his home, and every 
day the boy carried him his dinner across a piece of meadow 
land. 

One keen frosty day he found the snow on the meadow 
nearly two feet deep, and no track of the little footpath remain- 
ing. Yet he ran on as fast as possible, plunging through 
drifts, keeping himself warm by vigorous exercise, and brave, 
cheerful thoughts. 

When in the midst of the meadow, fully half a mile from 
the house, he suddenly felt himself going down, down! 

He had fallen into a well. He sank down, down into the 
dark, icy water, but rose immediately to the surface. There 
he grasped hold of a plank which had fallen into the well as 
he -went down. One end of it rested on the bottom of the well 
— the other rose about four feet above the surface of the water. 

The poor lad shouted for help until he was hoarse and almost 
speechless, but all was in vain, as it was impossible to make 
himself heard from such a depth, and at such a distance from 
any house. So at last he concluded that if he was saved at 
all he must save himself, and begin at once, as he was getting 
extremely cold in the water. So he went to work. 

First he drew himself up the plank, and braced himself 
against the top of it and the wall of the well, which was of 
brick and quite smooth. Then he pulled of his coat, and 
taking out his pocket-knife he cut off his boots, that he might 
go to work with greater advantage. Then, with his feet 
against one side of the well, and his shoulders against the other, 
he worked his way up, by the most fearful exertion, about 
half the distance to the top. Here he was obliged to pause, 
to take breath and gather up his energies for the work yet 
before him. Far harder was it than all he had gone through, 
for the side being from that point covered with ice. he must 
cut with bis knife, grasping places for his fingers, slowly and 
carefully all the way up. 

It was almost a hopeless attempt, but it was all that he could 
do. And here the little hero lifted up his heart to God and 
prayed fervently for help, fearing that he should never get out 
alone. 

After this, the little hero cut his way upward, inch by inch. 
His wet stockings froze to the ice and kept his feet from slip- 
ping, but his shirt was quite worn from his shoulders ere he 
reached the top. 

He did reach it at last — crawled out into the snow, and lay 
down for a moment to rest — panting out his breath in little 
white clouds on the clear frosty air. 

He had been two hours and a half in the well! 

His clothes soon froze to his body, but he no longer suffered 
with cold, as full ot joy and thankfulness, he ran to the factory, 
where his father was waiting and wondering. 

The poor man had to go without his dinner that day, but 
you may be sure he cared little about that, while listening with 
tears in his eyes to the thrilling story his son had to relate to 
him. 

He must have been proud of the boy that day, as he wrapped 
him in his own warm over-coat, and took him home to 

mother." 



And how that mother must have wept and smiled over her 
lad, and kissed him and thanked God for him. 

There is an old saying that truth lies at the bottom of a well. 

I trust that this brave boy found and brought up from there 
this truth: — "God helps those who help themselves." — 

Selected. 



IB IR, IE J^ ID IF" IR, TJ I T 



The bread-fruit was first made known to the people of Europe 
by a Spaniard named Mendano. In the year 1595, while 
on a voyage, he discovered the Mai quesas Islands in the South 
Seas, where he met with this valuable fruit. He says: '.'It 
grows to the size of a boy's head; when ripe it is of alight 
green color, but of a strong green before it is vine; the outside 
or rind is streaked crosswise like a pineapple; the form is not 
entirely round, but becomes narrow towards the end ; the 
stalk runs to the middle of the fruit, where there is a kind of 
web; it has neither stone nor kernel, nor is any part unprofit- 
able except the rind, which is thin, and has but little moisture; 
it is eaten many ways, and by the natives is called white food; 
it is well tasted, wholesome, and nutritious." 




The tree is of the greatest value to the islander of the South 
Seas. It not only shelters his hut, and adds to the beauty of 
the scene, but two or three of these trees yield so much fruit as 
to be almost sufficient to feed his fiinrily. The fruit is baked 
in an earthen oven, and becomes soft, tender, white, and has a 
similar taste to bread. From the timber the native builds his 
house and makes his canoe; the juice he uses for glue; the 
dried flowers serve him for tinder; the leaves for towels; and 
from the inner bark he makes a kind of cloth. 

We see the wonderful care of God in causing fruit to grow 
for man. Some people have wheat, others rice; some barley 
and oats; and others the bread-fruit tree. 



Bells and Aoe. — A fiddle improves by age and use; a 
piano does not, neither does a bell. There is. perhaps, a 
slight improvement for the first few years, but afterwards the 
quality deteriorates. Metal, we know, is altered by repeated 
and long continued hammering. Thump a piece of iron, and 
you change the quality of its magnetism; the shock of the 
waves modifies the magnetism of an iron ship; and some of 
the music is knocked out of a bell by long continued use of 
the clapper. A peculiar effect is noticed in the hell of Crip- 
plegate Church when it strikes twelve. The first two or three 
strokes are distinct and clear, then a discord begins, which 
accumulates with every stroke, until with the eleventh and 
twelfth a complete double sound is produced. 





£98 



JUVENILE IITSTBUCTOK/ 




I ties! bit si a in! jj^n surety 
oust the bible. 



BOOK OF JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXVII. 

Q. — Whom did Gideon ask also for assistance' 
A. — The men ofsPenuel. 

Q. — "What reply did they make? 

A. — "As the men of Succoth had answered him " 

Q. — What did Gideon say to the men of Fennel? 

A.— That when he came again in peace, he would break down 
their power. 

Q.— How many men were left with Zebah and Zalmunna? 

A. — Fifteen thousand. 

Q. — How many of the Midianites had already heen slain? 

A. — ''One hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword." 

Q. — What success did Gideon have in his pursui*. 

A.— He took the two kings and discomfitted all the host. 

Q. — How many princes and elders of Succoth were there? 

A. — Three score and seventeen. 

Q.— How did Gideon teach the men of Succoth? 

A. — Witlf thorns of the wilderness and briers, as he had prom- 
ised them. 

Q.— What did lie do to the men of Penuel? 

A.— Me beat down their tower, and slew the men of the city. 

Q. — Whom did the kings of the Midianites destroy at Ta- 
li ir? 

A.— The brethren of Gideon. 

Q,— Who did the kings sa y these resembled? 

A.— The children of a king. 

Q.— What did Gideon say when he hea'-d that his brethren had 
been killed? 

A. — "As the Lord liveth, if ye had saved them alive I would 
not slay you." 

Q.— Who did Gideon tell to slay these kings' 

A. — .Tether, his firstborn. 

Q. — Did he do so? 

A.— Xo, he was afraid. 

Q.— Why was he afraid? 

A.— Because he was yet a youth. 

Q.— What did Zebah and Zalmunna then say to Gid I? 

A.— "Rise thou and fall upon us: for as the man i-, so is hi? 
strength." 

Q.— Did (jideon do as they requested? 

A.— Yes. be arose and slew them. 

Q —What then did the men of Israel say unto Gideon' 

A.— "Kule thou over us, both thou, and thy son, and thy son's 
son also." 

Q.— What wa- Gideon's reply? 

A. "I will not rule over you. neither .-hall my son rule over 

you; the Lord shall rule over you.'' 

Q_What did Gideon ask the men of Israel to give him? 

A.— Every man the earrings of hi- prey. 

Q.— What did they answer? 

A.— "We will willingly give them.'' 

Q.— What wa- the weight of the earrings? 

A.— tine thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold. 

q How long wa- the country in quietness after the Midianites 

w oia/ subdued? 

A. — Forty year-. 

Q._ How many sons did Gideon have? 

A.— Three -ere and ten. 

y_ vVhen did Gideon die? 

A — "In a g 1 old aee. 

Q. — Where wa- he buried'' 

A.— In the sepulchre of Joash, hi- father. 

q._How did the children of Israel act after the death of 

Gideo 
A.— They forcot the Lord and went after ofher gods 



OUST TIHIE 

book oe :ivn o ir, im: o iisr 



KEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXVII. 

Q.- -Of what people were those persons who threw down their 
weapons and would not kill their brethren? 

A. — They belonged to neither the Amalekites or Amulonites, 
but were actual descendants of Laman and Lemuel. 

Q.— How many joined the church at this time? 

A. — More than a thousand. 

Q.— Who slew the most of Anti-Nephi-Lehi's p;ople' 

A.— The Amulonites and Amalekites. 

Q. — Where did these wicked Lamanites then go? 

A. — They went over to the borders of the land of Zarahemla. 

Q.— What people did they first come to? 

A. — The people who were in the land of Ammonihah. 

Q. — What did they do to the people of Ammonihah? 

A. — They destroyed theni. 

Q.— In the battles with the Xephites, who were successful? 

A.— The Nephites were; they killed many of their enemies. 

Q. — Of what denomination were the most of the slain? 

A. — They were principally priests of Noah. 

Q. — What became of those who were not killed? 

A. — They fled into the east wilderness. 

Q— What did they do there? 

A. — They took away the power from the Lamanites who 
belonged to the church. 

Q. — How did they treat many of these believers? 

A.— They caused that many should be burned. 

(j. — Afterwards how did they begin to feel? 

A. — They recalled the words of Aaron and his brethren and 
began to believe the words of God. 

Q. — What did the remnant of the people of Amnion try to do? 

A. — They endeavored to put to death the Lamanites who had 
jo'.ned the church. 

Q.— What was the result of this? 

A —The Lamanites began to hunt the Amulonites, and to slay 
them. 

Q. — Wlen the Lamanites returned to their homes What people 
did many of them join' 

A.— The people of Anti-Xephi-Lehi. 

Q — What did they do after they ioined this people? 

A. — They bu i d their weapons of war. 

Q. — How did Amnion and his brethren feel when they saw this 
P a ;eful disposition among the people? 

A. — They rejoiced exceedingly. 

Q. — How did the Amalekites feel wh»n they were forced to 
return home? 

A. — They were very angry, because of the loss of their people. 

Q.— What did ihey do? 

A. — They incited the Lamanites to war again. 

Q.— Would the people of God fight with their enemies? 

A. — No; they lay down and some were killed in this position. 

Q. — When Amnion and his brethren saw this destruction going 
on what did they propose to do'.' 

A.— To flee to the land of Zarahemla. 

Q. — What did tile king say in answer to this proposition? 

A.— He saiii that the Nephites would destroy then if they 
should go. 

Q — What did Amnion then offer to do? 

A. — To enquire of the Lord about what they should do. 

Q.— Did the king agree to this? 

A. — Yes; if the Lord said" to go they would obey. 

0- — Did Alum lo a- he promised? 

A. — Yes; and the Lord (old him to gather the people and go 
to the land of Zarahemla. 





CTTT^Ti'JIN I LIE .INSTRUGTOE 



299 d% 



TLmttitu. 



BY G. M. 0. 




NOAH. 

IT is not at all unreasonable to assign an American nativity to 
Noah, and to assert, that the ark was built in this country. 
When the subject of Noah's ark is mentioned the mind at once 
associates it with Mount Ararat, because there, on the subsiding 
of the flood, it rested. And this very fact precludes the possi- 
bility of its having been built there- and our Bible distinctly 
says that the ark "went upon the face of the waters." which 
also clearly demonstrates that it did not stand still or float over 
one particular spot during the flood. It was borne upon the 
waters above the earth, and "went'' from the place of its 
building, following the current of the waters. Now when we 
study the geology of the earth's surface, especial!} - that age 
called the "drift period," we find opinions varied and conflict- 
ing as to the causes or origin of the drift, the most reasonable 
theory, and one very widely adopted, attributes the effects to 
the deluge of Noah. This great drift has a general eastern 
direction. This mixture of boulders, gravel and sand has been 
carried along evidently by powerful currents in almost a uniform 
direction all over the world, and plainly points out the course 
and power of the waters when "all the fountains of the great 
deep were broken up" on the day the flood commenced. We 
cannot conceive how this great breaking up was effected. The 
scriptures, aiming to inculcate principles of a higher and more 
important degree to man than the mere answering of questions 
of this sort, leave the solution to mere conjecture. Many 
suppose there was a gradual sinking of the land until the 
waters submerged all continents, but the very reading "broken 
up" signifies power, force and violence: a sudden burst and 
line wide overwhelming rush, in its onward motion sweep- 
ing ruin over the face of the earth. Mr. Priest advances a 
most reasonable theory: "The well-known velocity of the earth 
in its onward motion around the sun is about twenty-five miles 
a second. Let God, who first imposed this inconceivable 
velocity, suddenly stop the earth in its motion: what would the 
effect be? All the waters would rush forward with a power 
equal to their weight, which would be sufficient to overcome 
any impediment whatever. Hushing around the globe, rolling- 
one half of the tremendous flood around this side, and one 
half iiver the other side, until the two should meet at the 
extreme east, when, heaping up above a common level, they 
would roll back to their original places as the earth should 
again resume its motion. The law of gravitation would pre. 
vent the waters from leaving the surface, and would cause a 
rapid current in the direction in which the earth is revolving. 

We are nut only told of tins great breaking up in holy writ, 
but the newly discovered Chaldean record of Noah's flood, 
written on tablets now in possession of the British Museum, 
and translated by Mr, Smith, reads as fo'.lows, the figures given 
meaning the respective numbers of the tablet-: 

86. In- spake saying, in the night "I will cause it to rain from 
heaven heavily" 

92. The raging of a storm in the morning. 

93. arose, from the horizon of heaven extending and wide, 
'j-t. Yul in the midst of it thundered, and 

95. Nebo and Saru went in front; 
'.is. Ninip went in front, and cast down; 
19. the spirits carried destruction; 



100. in theirglory they swept the earth: 

101. of Yul the flood reached to heaven; 

102. the bright earth to a waste was turned; 

104. it destroyed all life, from the face of the earth 

124. which had destroyed like an earthquake. 

This narrative, so strikingly similar to the Bible narration! 
was found in the ruins of Nineveh, and date only from the age 
of Sardanapalus in the sixth or seventh century B. C; yet they 
were copies of much more ancient documents, on every tablet 
it is so stated. At the same time those mighty waves were 
rolling over the earth the waters above the earth burst down- 
ward. So that one vast perpetual tornado for forty days and 
nights lent its aid in the great destruction. This we suppose 
to be meaning of the words, -And the windows of heaven 
were opened." Modern science has given us very accurately 
drawn charts of the course of the winds through the atmos- 
phere surrounding us. We have no reason to believe these 
wind currents have changed since the creation. Now the pre- 
vailing current of wind over the central part of North America 
is from the west, and possibly this was the course followed by 
the tornado during the deluge. Now if the ark had been built 
iu Armenia where the mountain Ararat is situated, and it is 
found that the wind and currents have a general eastern direc- 
tion, the ark would, during the one hundred and fifty days or 
five months of the deluge (that is from the commencement 
until the waters gained their greatest depth), have gone in an 
eastern course, say at the rate of about forty miles a day. some 
six thousand miles or beyond China; or if it floated faster, it 
would have left the ark somewhere iu the Pacific Ocean. This 
would be an unreasonable theory to adopt, being entirely incon. 
sistent. But the ark being built in America, somewhere, we 
may imagine iu the latitude of Missouri, when taken up l\ 
the eastern borue current, and wafted by the hurricane follow- 
ing the same course, it is not out of the way to suppose it to 
have progressed as far as Ararat, some six or seven thousand 
miles from America, even had it traveled at a more rapid rate 
than forty or fifty miles a day. Over sixteen hundred years 
had passed from the creation until the ark was finished. In 
this time mankind had increased and multiplied and spread out 
far beyond the country around Eden (the Mississippi Valley), 
as signs of an antideluvian population indicate, and we may 
suppose the ark was built some distance east of the Gardei:, 
between the States of New York and Missouri. Couple this 
supposition with the circumstances connected with the flocd. 
the current flowing from America, with the fact of the ark'.- 
resting in an easterly direction from tins country, and we can 
form no other reasonable conclusion than that here the mirai 
ulous vessel was constructed and freighted with its treasure of 
animal life, and the progenitors designed and set apart to renew 
the human race. That the ancient Americans knew of tin- 
deluge is beyond dispute, as we have several versions of the 
story of the flood that have been handed down as tradition ly 
diffuvnt nations, and in one instance we have a picture-written 
description of it. an old Toltec record, fortunately preserved 

from the wholesale destruction that followed the (' [Uest, 

We will describe this writing and give the traditions of the 
Aztecs, Zapotecas, Caribs, and Mandans in a future paper, as 
properly they do not come mule] this heading, they having 

received their knowledge from their forefathers, the descend 
ants of Noah, after the flood, and when America was again 

re-peopled, 
[n our last article we assigned the creation of man to this 

country. Now Adam and Noah beyond dispute were country- 
men, in fact relatives. Noah being a lineal descendant fro 



^ 



in 




300 



0" IT ^T IE Zl\T I Hi IE INSTRUCTOB 




Adam, let us couple the evidence presented in relation to the 
building of the ark in America with the antediluvian remains 
found and mentioned in relation to Adam, and we have addi- 
tional reason to assign the honor to America as being the 
original Paradise, and the home of our first parents. 



old dutch zpe^o\^:e:r,e3£ , >. 



V[Je must row with the oars we have, anr!. as we cannot 
i order the wind, we are obliged to sail with the wind that 
God gives. 

Patience and attention will bring us far. If a cat watches 
long enough at a mouse's nest, the mouse will not escape. 

The plowman must go up and down, and whatever else may 
be done, there is no other but the long way to do the work 
well. 

Learn to sleep with one eye open. As soon as the chicken 
goes to roost it is a good time for the fox. 

Fools always ask what time it is, but wise men know their 
time. 

Grind while the wind is fair, and if you neglect, do not 
complain of God's providence. 

God gives food to every bird, but He does not bring it to the 
nest; iu like manner He gives us our daily bread, but by means 
of our daily work. 

The dawn of day has got gold in its mouth. 

He that lags behind in a road where many are driving, 
always will be in a cloud of dust. 

Never set your foot in a dirty or crooked path for the love 
of money. It is a work that will bring bad interest if you 
wish to suck honey off thistles. 

You will need a long spoon if you wish to eat with the devil 
out of the same dish. 



TIG-EE, CATCHING 



Jamrach, a London dealer in animals, gives the particulars 
of tiger capture in Asia. Full grown tigers are never 
brought away for the use of showmen, as they cannot be 
tamed, and make trouble by gnawing and breaking their 
cages. Therefore only those under six months old are cap- 
tured. The natives stealthily watch the lairs at the time of 
breeding, and upon waylaying a male at a distance from the 
female and her litter, shoot him. For his head they get a 
government reward of fifty rupees. When the cubs are old 
enough to live without their mother, she is also shot and 
beheaded. The eapiure of the young ones is then safe and 
easy. They are kept at Calcutta until after teething, and are 
thence sent to the purchasers. The Sultan of Turkey buys 
many, but most of them go to menageries in various parts of 
the world. Tigers are also killed by the natives for their 
skins, which, if handsomely marked, are worth a hundred 
rupees each. The claws, too, are bought by the Indian 
jewelers, and sold for ornaments. Jamrach says that the 
number of men eaten by tigers in Singapore is very great, and 
that an average of one Chinese wood-chopper disappears 
every day. 



A SHARP observer of grown-up men and women reports that 
he has often noticed people possessing the peculiarity of three 
hands— a ritrht hand, a left hand, and a little behind-hand. 




Let the folly of yesterday make the wise to day. 



dtti 



eil jHaeirg. 



DOIT'T OIE^OWID. 



Don't crowd, the world is large enough 

For you as well as me; 
The doors of all are open wide— 

The realm of thought is free. 
In all earth's places you are right 

To chase the best you can — 
Provided that you do not try 

To crowd some other man. 
Don't crowd the good from out your heart 

By fostering all that's bad. 
But give to every virtue room— 

The best that may be had; 
To each clay's record such a one 

That you may well be proud; 
Give each his right— give each his room, 

And never try to crowd. 



HAHADE. 



BY E. F. PARRY. 



I am composed of 15 letters: 

My ]. .:. 2. 4. .). 'J. (1. was the name of a famous woman in 
ancient times; 

My 11, 15. 8, is an animal whose example we should follow; 

My 3, J 5. 13, 14. is the name of a vegetable; 

My 8. 13. 15. 12. is a shade of color; 

My 4, 6, 1 2. is a natural mousetrap; 

My 3. 10. 12, 11, 5, 9, 14, is the name of a large lake; 

My whole is one of the greatest evils in a business as well as 
s :ieial life. 



The answer to the Charade published in Number 23 is 
Nebuchadnezzar. We have received correct solutions from 
Orissa A. Allred, Lydia L. Allred, Luanna A. Booth, St. 
Charles; Jas. Stirling, Coalville; Alvina Harker, Taylorsville; 
Mary A. McNeil. Bountiful; Maria M. Miller, Richfield; J. M. 
Ballinger, Pleasant Grove; Sarah Jensen, Huldah Jensen, 
Brigham City; Chas. J. Brain, Elizabeth White, Catherine K. 
Palmer. M. E. Letham, Rebecca J. Noall. Salt Lake 
City. 



Towers are measured by their shadows, and great men by 
their calumniators. 

CTTJ-VE3SriT_iE IZtSTSTZR/CTCTOIR, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE O. CAN* >H. EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

.•^"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




