
:l 



VOL 10. 



8ALT LAKE (JiTY, AUUUSi ::!, i>7.V 



^0. 17. 



cr j^ i= ^A^ 3sr E s :b .^ lyc u iSEnvi: eistts. 




THE theatres of 
Yeddo, the 
capital of Japan. 
are nearly all 
gathered in the 
great square ul 
Yamasta, the 
most thronged liv 
calitj' of the eity. 
The Japanese are 
fond of amuse- 
ments, and ihere 
are from twenty 
to thirty places 
where all kinds 
are furnished the 
public. Li the 
vicinity of these 
places of amuse- 
ment there are 
large numbers of 
little restaurants 
and shops where 
refreshments are 
sold. These aie 
built of very !i.;iit 
material, and they 
are like so many 
match-boxes, and 
would burn very 
readily. The own- 
ers of these pl-;ces 
do all in their pow- 
er, ju.st as people 
in this country do, 
to get custom. 
All kinds of sii n-', 
p)ictures, jdacards 
and banners, of 
the most brilliant 
colors, are display- 
ed. Then, when 
their theatres are 
aliout to open, 
they have criei'.s 




to draw the atten- 
tion of the people 
to the amusements 
which they offer, 
and their cries 
are accompanied 
by the music of 
big drums, tam- 
bourines, fifes and 
tvumjiets. Just 
before sunset a 
delegation of the 
company ot the 
theatre aiii>ear on 
a sort of platform 
at the rieht and 
left of the theatre 
door. They talk 
to the multitude, 
and announce 
what kind of plays 
there will be that 
evening. They 
also Ij.ia t of the 
pcrforuiers. After 
this they indulge 
in jokes, some- 
times in mimicry, 
and at other times 
show their dexter- 
ity, for which the 
Jajianese are very 
famous, with the 
fan. When all 
this is ended the 
crier yells at the 
top of liis voice, 
■'Walk in, gentle- 
men; walk in, la- 
dies; secure your 
places; we are 
about to begin." 
In the representa- 
tion of some pieces 
the actors often 



I 



194. 



0" TJ ^ E ITI L E insrSTS.TJCTOI^. 



li 




talk with tlie audience, and it is not at all uncommon, nor 
does it cause any surprise. Besides theatrical performances, 
there are jierformances by juaglers and jiersons who peiform 
all sorts of feats in balancin-, etc. Those of our juvenile 
readers who live in this city have probably seen some of these 
performances by the Japanese at the Theatre In our ens-rav- 
ing .some of the feats whi< h those people can perform are 
exhibited. You would think it a fine sight to see two or three 
men standing on each others' shoulders, or balancing a pole on 
their chests; but you would be more surprised if you could get 
a peep at the.-e Japanese peifoimers. Just look at the funny 
things they can do! Fancy a fellow taking a walk up a long 
red no e and then dancing on the end of it, all the time throw- 
ing up and catching half a dozen oranges with one hand and 
fanning him-elf with the other, and whirling a para.«ol on his 
own, or what appears to be his own, no.se. The feats per- 
formed by moans of these false noses of enormous length arc 
eon-idercd the most extraordinary performances to be seen at 
Yeddo. They are fixed to the centre of the face in a way that 
it is ia!pos.sible to discover. One of the performers, for exam- 
ple, lies down on his back and has a boy placed on the end of 
his false nose. This boy stands on one foot and, in his turn, 
balances on his false nose a large parasol. Not content with 
this feat, the man raises one leg in the air, and without inter- 
fering with the fir^t ( oj', another boy rests his nose on the sole 
of the man's foot, and riises himself little by little until he 
stands, as you X'e in the picture, with his feet in the air. 
Besides these feats, there is one which they perform with a 
pole in [ilaee of the false noses, and their tricks are so marvel- 
ous that it is thought to be impossible to do these things with- 
out they have a support of some kind which is invisible to the 
spectators. They can do most wonderful tricks with swords 
and fans, and it is quite common for fashionable people to sit 
for hours watching them. 



i?V 



.mtntu. 



BY G. M. O. 



A X C I E N T E U INS. 



^Confimicd. ) 



THF. ruins of Chiehen Itzi are situated east of Mayapan, 
about half way between the eastern and western coasts of 
the peninsula of Yucatan. A i)ublic road runs through the 
space of gnnuid covered by the ruins. This space is something 
less than a mile in diameter. The ruins found here are in 
every respect similar to those already described. The most 
beautiful building, called like one at Uxmal, "House of the 
Xun.«," is 0.>S feet in circumference and G.O feet high. This 
unusual hight is owing to three ranges of buildings being 
erected, the one immediately above the other, yet so that each 
of the upper ranges, being built back and not on the roof of 
the lower range, rests on an indejiendent foundation, while the 
roof of the lower range extends like a platform in front of it. 
The second range is the most elaborately decorated, the orna- 
ments being similar in style to those at Uxmal. The lower 
range seems to be nothing but a solid mass of masonry. A 
grand staircase ."ifi feet wide leads from terrace to terrace to the 
top of the building. In the int;'riur of the chief apartment 



of the second range, which has three doorway.s, are nine oblong 
niches, and from the floor to the centre of the arched ceiling 
the walls are covered with pamtings, now much effaced, but in- 
many places still retaining the colors bright and vivid. The 
subjects are processions of warriors, armed with spears and 
shields, and helmeted heads adorned with plumes. One 
of the buildings at this place has a rude ornamental exte- 
rior, and does not stand on an artificial terrace, although 
the ground around it has been excavated so as to give 
it the appearance of an elevated foundation. One of the most 
picturesque ruins is circular in form, and stands on a double 
terraced platform. It is twenty-two feet in diameter, and has 
fouv doors which face the cardinal points. Above the cornice 
it .slopes gradually almost to a point. The top is about sixty 
feet from the ground. A grand staircase of twenty steps, 
leading up to this building, is fortj'-five feet wide, and has a 
balustrade formed of the entwined bodies of huge serpents.- 
At some distance from this building is the ruined structure 
known as the "Casa Colorado" (Red House); it is 43 feet 
long, by 23 feet wide, and .stands on a platform 62 feet 
long, by 5.5 feet wide. The ornamentation of this building is 
much effaced by decay. A stone tablet extending the- whole 
length of the back wall, inside, is covered with an inscription. 
Here, as at Uxmal, are the ruins of a building supposed to be 
CDnnected with the public games of the country. Two walls, 
each 274 feet long and 30 feet thick, run parallel to each other 
at a distance of 120 feet. In the centre of each wall, and 
exactly opiiositc to each other, at the hight of 20 feet from 
the ground, are two stone rings four feet in diameter, with 
se'-pents carved on the outer circle. One hundred feet from 
the northern and southern extremities of the walls, and f^xeing 
the open space enclosed by them, are two buildings, one 35 
feet, the other 80 feet long. They are situated on eleva- 
tions, and each contains one room only. Both are much dilap- 
idated, but, on the inner wall of the smallest, traces of rich 
sculptures 3'et remain. In front of each building are the 
remains of two columns, also richly .sculptured. At the south- 
ern extremity of one of the walls stands a building con- 
sisting of two ranges, the upper one being the best preserved. 
It is ornamented externally with a frieze in bas-relief, repre- 
senting a succession of tigers; while the whole inner wall of 
the lower structure, laid bare by the falling of the outer wall, 
is likewise covered with bas-reliefs, consisting of rows of 
human figures, interspersed with fanciful ornaments, each row 
being separated from the other by an ornamental border of a 
pleasing design. The figures are all males, with buskined 
feet and helmet head-dresses of plumes. The other parts of 
their dress are so different and indi.stinct as to admit of no 
accurate description. Each of the figures in the upper row 
carries in his hand a bundle of spears, and all are painted. 
The upper buildmg, the front corridor of which is supported 
by massive pillars elaborately sculptured, presents scenes of 
still greater interest. Entering a doorway, the lintel of which 
is a massive beam of sapote wood, richly sculptured, and the 
jams of which are also richly ornaniantcd, we find ourselves in 
a room with walls covered with paintings, and tor the first 
time catch a glimpse of the occupations and pastimes of their 
mysterious inhabitants. Tlie colors are in .some places still 
visible and bright; in others, much effaced. Some of the 
figures seem to be dancing a war dance, with spear and shield; 
others arc placed on low .seats, apparently of basket work; 
others on cushions. One figure liolds in one hand a large 
hoop or ring, which he seems intending to tru.adle with a short 
stick which he holds in bis other hand. In one place is an old 





CTTJ^En^ILEI IlsrSTI^TJCTOI^ 



195 





woman crouching down, apparently unloading a sack which is 
placed before her; and in another is a large boat or canoe, with 
horses and people in it, and one man falling overboard. The 
head-dresses worn bj' these tigures are diiferent from others 
mentioned, and the men have their ears pierced, and small, 
round plates attached to them. The colors used are green, 
red, blue and reddish brown, the last invariably used to repre- 
sent the human flesh, the tint in the female figures being a 
shade lighter than that used for the male. Mr. Norman 
(Rambles in Yucatan) and Mr. Stephens (Incidents of Travel 
in Yucatan) give very interesting descriptions of the ruins of 
Chichen, well worth reading, but our limits will not permit a 
description too elaborate or lengthy. 

The ruins known as Kabah are likewise in Yucatan, and ai-e 
of the same character as those already described, and owing lo 
the choice of site must have been one of the most imposing 
and imiiortant of the ancient cities. The principal building is 
a stone-faced mound, ISO feet square at the base, with a range 
of ruined apartments at the bottom. Four hundred yards 
from this mound is a terraced foundation 20 feet high and 200 
by 142 feet m extent, on which stand the crumbling wall of an 
immense edifice. On the left is another range of ruined build- 
ings, and in the centre a stone enclosure 27 feet .square and 7 
feet high, with sculptures and inscriptions around the base. 
Some of the ornamentation around this building has been 
described in the strongest terms of admiration. Mr. Stephens 
says, "The cornice running over the doorways, tried by the 
severest rules of art recognized among us, would embellish the 
architecture of any known era." At U.xmal the walls were 
smooth below the cornice, here they are covered with decora- 
tions from top to bottom. Mr. Stephens describes three 
buildings of importance; one, 147 feet long, by IO(i feet wide, 
of three distinct stories, each successive story being .smaller 
than that below it. Another building, on the terrace of an 
elevated fiundation, 170 by 11 () feet, was 1()4 feet long and 
comparatively narrow; it had pillars in its doorways, used as 
supports. The other building standing on a terrace is also 
long and narrow, and has a phvin front. One remarkable mon- 
ument found at Kubah resembles a triumphal arch. It stands 
by itself on a ruined mound, apail from the other structures. 
It has a span of fourteen feet, and is de.seribed as "rising on 
the field of ruins in solitary grandeur." The ruins of Kal)ah 
are extensive, and only a portion of them have been examined. 
It is so overgrown with foliage as to make exploration very 
difficult. The buildings :md mounds are much decayed, and 
seem to be very old. Mr. Stephens gave the first account of 
Kabah. and it is believed that ruined edifices o. which nothing 
is known are hidden away among the trees in places which no 
white man has approached. Some of the ruins in the woods 
beyond that ]iart explored are visible from the great mound 
descriljed; and a resolute attempt to penetrate the forest 
brought the explorers in view of a great edilice standing on a 
terrace estimated to be 800 feet long by 100 feet wide. The 
decorations .seemed to have been abundant and very rich, but 
the structure was in a sad state of decay. 

At Izamal, Labna, Ziyi, Xcocli, Ake and some other i)Iaecs 
are ruins of suftieient importanc^e for siiecial notice, but they 
present the same characteristii's: broad and noble terraces, 
lofty pyramidal structures, supporting buildings of vast extent, 
and loaded with a profusion of ornaments, differing a little 
only in the style of ornamentation. 

Among the remains at Xcoch ]\Ir. Stephens describes a 
great mound; and at Ake a remarkable ruin. On the summit 
of a great mound, very lev^l, and 225 feet by 50 in extent, 



stand thirty-six shafts or columns in three parallel rows. The 
columns are about fifteen feet high and four feet square. The 
ruins of Ake cover a great space, and are ruder and more 
massive than most others. 

On the Island of Cozumel and the adjacent coast of Yuca- 
tan exten.sive ruins have been found. Owing to the .scarcity 
of water on this peninsula the ancient inhabitants provided 
for their wants by constructing agwadas, or artificial ponds. 
Many of them are doubtless as old as the oldest ruined cities, 
and much skill, intelligence and labor were required to con- 
struct them. They were paved with several cour-ses of stone, 
laid in cement, and in their bottoms wells or cavities were con- 
structed. Over forty of such wells were found in the bottom 
of one of these ponds at Galal, which has been repaired and 
restored to use. Flverywhere in Yucatan the architecture is 
regulated by the same idea, the difference indicating nothing 
more than different periods in the history of the same 
people. 

( To he Continued. ) 



-♦*- 



j^ niiiiFEi sicibtgh:. 



( Concluded, ) 



THE years sped on, and .Tames Ammcrton dropped out of 
the life which Mary Walsh knew. The last sb.e heard was 
five years after he went away from Ernsworth, and Jim had 
then started out for the golden mountains on his own account, 
to commence in earnest his own life-battle. 

But there was a joy and a pride in the little woman's life 
which held its place, and grew and strengthened. Her boy, 
whom they called Philip, grew to be a youth of great promise 
— a bright, kind-hearted, good boy, whom everybody loved; 
and none loved him more than did his parents. In fact, they 
worshiped him; or, at least, his mother did. At the age of 
seventeen Philip Walsh entered college, and at the age of 
twenty-one he graduated with honor; but the long and severe 
study had taxed his system, and he entered upon the stage of man- 
hood not quite so strong in body as he should have been. His 
mother saw it, and was anxious. His father saw it, and deci- 
ded that he should have recreation and recuperation before he 
entered into active business. Dr. "Walsh was not pecuniarily 
able to send his son off on expensive travel, but he found o])- 
portunitv for his engagement upon the staff of an exploring 
expedition, which would combine healtliful recreatinu with au 
equally healthful occupation. 

The expedition was bound for the western wilderness, and 
we need nut tell of the parting berwecn the mother and her 
beloved son. She kissed him, and blessed him; ami then hung 
upon his neck with more kisses and blessings, and then ivent 
away to her chamber and cried. 

Philip wrote home often while on his way out; and he wrote 
after he had reached the wilderness. His accounts were glow- 
ing, and his health was improving. Tiiree months of forest 
lite and forest lalior, of which Philip wrote in a letter that had 
to be borne more than a hinidrcd miles to the nearest post, 
and then followed months of silence Where was Philip? 
Why did he not write? 

One day Dr. Walsh came home i)al(^ .and f lint, with a news- 
paper crumpled and crushed in his jiand. Not ininiediatcly, 
but by and by, lie was forceil to let his wife read what he had 
seen in that pa]icr. She read, and fainted like one mortally 
stricken. 





196 



j"TT^^Einsrii_,E xjsr&TT^xjcTo-R 





It was a paper from a far vestern city, and it told of tte 
sad fate of the exploring party of Col. John Beauehampe, how 
they had been attacked by an overpoworinff party of Indians, 
and how those not massacred had been carried away cap- 
tive. 

Poor little woman! Poor Doctor Walshl But the mother 
suffered most. Her head, already takiniT on its crown of sil- 
ver, was bowed in blindiua; a.sony, and her heart was well nigh 
broken. The joy was gone out from her life, and thick dark- 
ness was round about her. 

And so passed half a year. One day the postman left a let- 
ter at the door. The hand of the superscription was familiar. 
Mrs. Walsh tore it open, andglanced her eyesoveritscontents. 
0, joy! 0, rapture! Her boy lived! was well! and was on his 
way home to her ! 

When Dr. Walsh entered the room he found his wife faintin"-, 
with the letter clutched in her nerveless grasp. 

By and by. when the first great surge had iiassed, husbaml 
and wife sat down and read the letter undorstandingly. 

"Thank G-od! I found a true friend, or. I shnul sav, a true 
friend found me," wrote Philip, after he had told of his safety 
and of his whereabouts. "But for the coming of this friend 
I should have died ere thi.s. He heard of me by name, and 
learned whence I came, and when he knew that I was from 
Ernsworth, and was the son of Silas and i\[-iry Walsh, he bent 
all his energies to my release. He spent thou^iands of dollars 
in enlisting and equipping men for the work, and wiHi his 
own hand he struck down my savage captor, and tonk me 
thenceforth under his care and protection. God bless him! 
And be you ready both to bless him, for he is coming home 
with me." 

Upon their bended knees that night the rejoicing parents 
thanked God for all his goodness, and called down blessings 
upon the unknown preserver of their darbna-. 

And in time, radiant and strons, their Philip came home to 
them — came home a bold and educated man. fitted for the 
battle of life — came home knowing enough oflife'svieissitndes, 
and prepared to enjoy its blessinsrs. 

And with Philip came a man ofmiddle-age— a strong, frank- 
faced hand.some man, with gray eyes and curline hair. 

"This," said the .=on. when he had been released from his 
mother's rapturous embrace, "is my preserver. Do you not 
know him?" 

The doctor looked, and shook his head. He did not 
know. 

But the little woman ob.served more keenly. Upon her the 
light broke overpoweringly. 

"Is it," .she whispered, putting forth her hands— "is it- 
James Aramerton?" 

"Yes," said the man— a straneer now no more — "I am 
James Ammerton! And I thank God who has given me the op- 
portunity thus to show how gratefully I remember all your 
kindness to me. my more than mother!" 

And he held her hands, and pressed them to his lips, and 
bles.sedher again and again, telling her, with streaming eyes, 
that .she, of all the world, had lifted him up and"" saved 
him. 

That evening Mrs. Walsh, sitting by her husband's side, 
and holding one of his hands, said to him : 

"Once upon a time a pebble was kicked about in the waste 
of sand. A lapidary saw it and picked it up, and when he 
had brushed the dirt away from its surface, he applied his 
chisel and broke through the crust, and behold— a diamond, 
pure and bright!" 



Storied 




BY J. 



BARFOOT. 



( Contiimed. ) 



THE DESERET MUSEUM. 



BESIDES a large collection of our Rocky Mountain wild ani- 
mals and birds, a number of well preserved specimens of 
animals from other lands were purcha'^ed by Mr. John W. 
Young for the Museum. It has frc(|uently been a .subject of 
reiuhrk by vi>itors to this city that for the first time they 
beheld the form of the zebra ieqwis zebra), the prettily- 
marked zebra-hor.se of Afijca. Be-ides this, a still greater 
curiosity is the great k.-uigaroo, from Australia, well .set up, 
with its pouch and young ones in if. This marsupial (from 
niarsu|iium, a pouch), like the ojios-um and kangaroo-rat 
of this continent, takes care of its helpless progeny by placing 
them in front of the abdomen. Here they are cared for in the 
most tender manner by the mother. The kangaroo (macropiis 
mnjor of naturalists) has very long hind legs and an immense 
tail, with very short fore leg-; that are not used in running or 
leaping. There is also a very fine specimen of the Surinam 
hind, a spotted deer of very large size and fine proportions. 
Probalily no finer specimen of a stuflTed animal can be shown 
than this. It is the vermis axis, or axis deer, of Asia. Living 
specimens of this animal may be seen in royal parks, and in 
the zoological gardens of large cities. Of North American 
animals, the prong-horned antelope (antilnmpra ameriaina) 
male and female, are well preserved, of large .Mze and charac- 
teristic attitudes; of South American, the crested variety of 
porcupine {hi'stica cri'sfata] is shown; this is the well known 
variety that furnishes th? "porcupine quill," a favorite handle 
for pens. Some of these animals have been described and .some 
of them illust'ated in the pages of the Instructor with 
remarkable fidelity. 

Then there is the head of the buffalo (hos americamis)^ 
the American bison, and an enormous head it is; it is said it 
weighed one hundred and twenty-five pounds. Just imagine 
a fellow with a head of this size running at you full tilt. Some 
of the Indians .say "Me see buffalo heaps bigger;" but very 
few indeed make this assertion. Trappers and prairie men of 
long experience acknowledge that our buffalo "is as large as 
they ever met with." 

The antlers of the black-tailed deer of the Rocky Mountains 
exhibited are very fine; this animal in confinement is very 
interesting to study. It is exceedingly timid, but intelligent, 
fond and gentle. No one would suppose it capable of so much 
mu.scular exertion to look upon its slender limbs; but let him 
get away from you, and attempt to capture him, several pow- 
erful men will find it difticult to hold him! 

We will pass by the badger (taxidea americana), the pine 
martin (mustela americana) and a number of smaller animals. 

Many of our native birds, living, or as preserved specimens, 
are shown, a'so our mountain eagle (aqitila canadensis) , with 
its majestic bearing and piercing eye, the great horned owl 
(lubo virginianus) and a large number of other birds. 

Besides these, some thousands of other things of interest 
have made our museum a great attraction; and we may justly 
award that meed of praise to the projector and proprietor, 
John W. Young, which is awarded to him universally by the 
public for the establishment of so necessary an institution as 
the Deseret Museum. 





J'TJ^EILTlJl.E HDTSTK.TJCTOI^ 



197 




THE vilij^cb-e ivn^-yoi?.. 



From, Clianihers' Miscellany. 




I AM, as you know, my young friends, the Surveyor of 
Woods and Forests, and in this capacity I was obliged, 
some years ago, to make a journey to Amsterdam respecting 
some timber with which we had supplied the Dutch for ship- 
building, and about the payment for which they made great 
diiliculties. I succeeded beyond expectation in my mission, 
and was returning in high spirits to Germany, when an 
accident happened which led to the adventure I am about to 
relate to you. With my servant Kruz, I had been traveling 
day and night, when one evening we were overturned at a 
little distance from a small town, the name of which I have 
entirely forgotten. Kruz was thrown from the carriage-box, 
and I fell from my seat, and knocked against the postilion 
wiih such violence that he fell to the ground between the 
horses. The fore axle-tree of the chaise was broken, Kniz's 
arm was much hurt, and the postilion's nose cut. I suffered 
only from fright, and happily the ho.'ses did not; attempt to 
run away. With much effort we reached the town; and I 
went immediately to the inn, and inquired for a wheelwi-ight 
to r.^pair my carriage. Both the landlord and postilion 
assured me that I must travel two miles farther, to Hard, 
where the best artisans of every kind resided. I was not 
much inclined to do this, ]iarticuhirly as Kruz was very ill. 
I examined his arm, and found that it was put out of joint. 
The doctor, for whom I hid despatched a messenger, came, 
lamenting that the surg,"'on had died the preceding week, and 
that the arm could not be set. 

"You had better take your servant to Hard." said he; 
"there is a very clever surgeon there." 

"What! — where is Hard?" asked I impatiently. 

"A small village about two miles off." 

"But how is it." said I, "that the surgeon and artisans live 
in a village instead of in the town?" 

"The mayor of Hard is a whimsical fellow; he manages 
everything there, and wishes to make the village into a large 
town. He is a millionaire, but very miserly. I know him 
well, but have nothing to do with him; for, between ourselves, 
he is an odd sort of character. 

"Is there an inn at Hard?" 

' 'Certainly; and a better on a than this. The maj or established 
a bath there many years ago, and it is much frequented; but 
the doctor at Hard is an ignoramus — a charlatan. The mayor took 
him there: he is an amiable man, but interferes in everything." 

I resolved to send my carriage and servant to Hard : and the 
next morning, having bound the broken jiarts of the carriage 
together with a rope, I placed Kruz inside, preferring, as it 
was a fine morning, to walk to Hard. 

About a mile from the town the road suddenly became bet- 
ter. (_)n both sides were rows of fruit-trees, the fields were 
rich with abundant crops, and there was scarcely a weed to be 
seen. The village lay before me. Instead of the houses being 
crowded together, as is usual in that partof thecountry, they were 
scattered about, each under shady trees, and surrounded by a 
garden. The church stood upon a hill in the centre of the vil- 
lage. 

"You live in a paradise," said I to an old pea.sant: "this is 
the most fruitful .soil I have seen in this country." 

"Thank God, our crops never fail," au.swered he. 

"How is it," said I, "that your village is .so scattered about?" 

It was lurned down fifteen years ago, and the government 



obliged us to rebuild it as you see. There is nothing ven/ 
di.sadvantageoas in it. I have a long way to walk to church 
every Sunday; some have a greater distance. This is certainly 
unpleasant for old people and children, particularly in bad 
weather. But it was a frightful fire: only five farms, which 
happily lay at a little distance, were spared." 

"How did the fire originate?" 

"I do not know. Some say the mayor did it on purpose; but 
I do not quite believe that." 

"That would have been very shameful in the mayor." 

"Y"es, indeed. He is a very strange man — that every one 
knows: he has played me tricks enough. He was first our 
schoolmaster; and then the government ordered that he should 
be mayor, and we were obliged to have him so." 

"But he must be rich?" 

"Yes; a mighty rich man. He never spends a kreuzer, and 
lives more simply than a common day-laborer. His head is 
not quite right; and when his silly fits are upon him. he throws 
money away on all sides; he will soon be ruined. He has no 
pleasure except in tyrannising over us with his monev. " 

As the old man said this he turned ofi' into a footpath which 
led through the meadows. The landscape was so pleasing, 
that I sat down on a stone under a nut-tree, in order to rest 
and to enjoy the scenery. "How happy might the people of 
this village be," thought I; "but the government sends a man 
here who plays the king, and then all happiness is gone." 
Just then and old woman came up the hill, and I stopped her, 
and inquired if there were an inn in the village, and where it 
was. 

"In the street to the left of the church, sir. I am the 
landlady." 

"I am glad of it. Can you accommodate my carriage and 
servants for a few days?" 

"My inn is not suited for gentlemen; you must go to the 
great hotel. A broken carriage arrived there about half an hour 
ago; perhaps it is yours." 

"I am sorry that you cannot lodge me. Where is the other 
hotel?" 

"Do j'ou see the little white house with the green window- 
shutters on the hill? That is the mayor's house, and the hotel 
is next to it." 

"Does the inn belong to the mayor?" 

"No, and yes. Everything belongs, and still does not be- 
long, to him. He had it built." 

"That is not advantageous to you. " 

"Certainly not: the mayor does no good to any one. Since 
he came into the village my business has become very bad. 
God iiardon him; he has much to answer for at the last day. 
But r have enough to live on without depending on him." 

Whilst she was speaking I heard violent disputing in a 
peasant's house near. The old woman nodded her head, and 
said half aloud: "Ah, so, so; it serves Gretchen right!" Saying 
this she pointed to a path by which I might reach the hotel, 
and then left me. Just then a portly-looking ])ersonage, 
dres.sed in the blou.se of a peasant, but clean and neat, came 
out of the liou.se, followed by a weeping old woman and a 
young boy. The two latter took leave of the man; and as the 
boy shook hands with him, he said: "You are quite right, Mr. 
Mayor; I have warned my mother of it often enough. 

"Yes, yes," answered the mayor, who apjieared to be a man 
about forty years of age; "tut this once I will be indulgent." 
The old woman assured him that he should in future be satis- 
fied with her. The village despot turned and walked away. 
( To he Continued. ) 





19 S 



vJTJ'VSIsrinL.E IZTSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



rf.Iuj jjuuctiil^ ||iT?j!rttcl0ii. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, AUGUST i' 1 , 1875. 




'-^ 



:BnDiTOi?.i^ij th:otjc3-I3:ts. 

'^tV^.* J!;0 UVENILES, always be lespectful to and 
--1 ircf/--,"' , : .1 1 n>tf sjieak respectfully of your parents. This 
is a duty which (Jod requires of you. It 
their duly to take care of and teach 
you, to protect and minister unto you in 
the tender years of infancy, childhood 
an<l youtli; and it is your duty to honor them 
and to ti'cat them with kindne.ss and affec- 
tion. Boys and jrirls who do not love and 
or their ])arents generally turn out badly. 
They make jioor luisbands and wives, jrood for- 
nothing parents and worthless citizens. A 
wise young man in selecting a wife will never 
choose a girl who does not respect and obey her 
parents. Ho says tohintself: '"If she will not honor 
her fatlier and mother, who have done .so much for 
her. how can I expect she will honor me?'' No 
t;irl of sense and experience will ever accept an 
offer to be the wife of a young man who does not treat his 
parents kindly. She knows full well that the disposition which 
prompts him to disregard their wishes will lead him, after 
a while, to be harsh and cruel to her. 

There are some boys who fall into the habit of calling their 
parents by slang names. The father is called the "old man;" 
the mother the "old woman;" or, this is .sometimes varied to, 
"dad" and "mam." We have known some boys call their 
fathers the "governor" and others "pop." Not to their faces, 
however; but in speaking of tlieni to their companions they 
would use these slan;: words. Sometimes boys fall into the 
use of these nicknames without thinking how they sound. 
They hear some other boys u>e them, and they think, perhaps, 
it is smart, and they adopt the same style of language, and 
yet in their liearts, they love and respect their parents. But a 
gooil way to test the propriety of such expressions would be 
tor a boy to In^ar some other boy address his father as: "Old 
man. my faiher sent me over to say that if you and the old 
woman wouM like to take a ride, you can have a seat in his 
carriaire." Would it not displease a lioy who loveil and 
respected bis fathiM' and mother, to lieai- them sjioken to in 
this manner? And such a boy should be asliamed him.^elf to 
address his father and call him "old man." or his mother and 
call her "old woman." No [lerson should sjieak of .another in 
a way that he or she would not sjieak to him or her. This is 
a safe rule. There is a sweetness and a love about the titles, 
father and mother, when used by children to their parents, that 
no other words in the English language possess. Be advised 
by us. children, never use any slang phrases in speakmg of 
your parents. 




" rjl^ word is as !;ood as his bond. " What a character this 

XJ- is for a man to acquire! that wdien he makes a ])ronii.se 

it can be relied upon as firndy as if he were bound bv the 

most severe penalties to keep it! There is something G(rd- 

ikc aliout this (piality; fiir W(^ know we can trust to the 



promise of the Almighty and it will never fail. The heavens 
and the earth may pass away, but God's word and promise 
will stand and be fulfilled to the very letter. Think how 
terrible would be the condition of man if he could not rely upon 
the promises of the Lord! AVhat could he do? In what could 
he trust? Bat the man who knows God, knows that his word 
and promises are sure, and though all else fails, he can depend 
upon them. This knowledge gives Jiim comfort. Do you not 
think that the Lord wdll love a man who is like himself ia 
this respect? A man who if he promises to his hiu-t, and the 
thing be not wicked, will jet fulfill his word? And yet how 
very few people think of this. They make promises and if it 
should be convenient for them to keep them, they do .so; but 
if they should not be convenient, oh, it is no matter, they 
think no more about them! By such carelessness they destroy 
confidence, and if continued, i)eople cease to believe or rely 
upon what they say. We kijow many people who are in this 
condition. Those who know them have not the least confi- 
dence in their words or ijromises. Tliey are tolerably good 
.sort of people; but they place no apparent value upon their 
own words and carelessly allow them to lail. 

Then there is another class, who appear to think that their 
promises should not bind them, if they can luake anything by 
breaking them. A man has some property of which he 
wishes to dispose. He offers it at a certain price to another, 
which the other says he will pay for it. But, before the pay- 
ment is made, the seller learns that his property is worth more 
than he offered it at; he can get a higher price for it; and he 
ininiediately informs the one to whom he had promised it that 
he cannot sell it. This has been done by men calling them- 
selves Latter-day Saints! Of what value is their word? 
Who can trust such iieojile? Such men's words are not as 
good as their bonds. Thej* do not value their own words, and 
how long can other people value them? Will a just man thus 
break his word? No; never. When his word or promise has 
been sriven, he will not break it, no matter what the ccst may 
be. We know many such men — men who if they made us a 
promise we could rely upon it with perfect confidenoj that it 
would be fulfilled, if they lived. We know others — and they 
think themselves pretty good men too — who if they made us a 
promise w'e might expect them to fulfill it, if it suited them, 
or if they could make something by keeping it; but with whom 
we would not be much disapiiointed if they broke their words. 
Such men are unreliable. Men who know them do not believe 
or rely upon them, and we do not think the Lord has any 
contiilence in thcni. 

Children, be careful about making promises. Far better for 
yiiu to make few promises and fulfill them than tn make many 
and only fulfill a part of them. When you make a proiui.se, 
be snie it is one that is right for you to make, and then keep 
it. But yim are human, and you may Ite prevented from 
keeping a promi.se by circumstances wdiich you may not be able 
to control; then go to the person to whom you made the prom- 
ise and inform him why you tailed to keep j'our word. Satisfy 
him that it was not your intention to violate your promi.se, and 
you preserve his confidence. Speak the truth always, hold 
your wor<ls and promises sacred, and as you Ijccome known, 
others will learn to depend upon them, and they will think 
and say concerning you; 

"He promi.sed me he would do it. and I know he will keep 
his word; I would as soon have his word as his bond." 

A poor man with such a character as this is far better off 
than a rich man who.se word cannot be depended u|ion. We 
lately read an anecdote of a Boston merchant which illustrate 






CrTJ"VE]3sriI_,E] JUSrST-KyTJOTOIR/. 




this trait of character. He is now dead, but he left a name 
behind him which his friends justly value. 

Ilis name was Brown, and he owned a very large vacant 
estate in South Boston, which the elder Quinoy, the Maj'or 
of Boston, desired to purchase for the erection of charitable 
buildings upon for the use of the city. 

Mr. Quincy called upon him and asked the price c^ the 
estate referred to. The reply given was $30,000. Mr. Quincy 
said that would do, and asked thirty d lys refusal and a bond 
of it, in order to endeavor to persuade the City Council to 
agree to the measure. Mr. Brown replied that he should give 
DO bond, as he said his word was his bond always. The Ma3'or 
took his word, and in twenty-eight days had the proper author- 
ity, and again waited on Mr. Brown, saying he had come to 
complete the purchase nt the land. 
"What land?" said Mr. Brown. 

"Whv. the South Boston land we spoke of," said the Mayor. 
"At what price, sir?" asked the former. 
"Thirty thousand dollars," replied the latter, "the price 
agreed upon." 

"Pid I say that amount, sir?" 
"You did." 

"Have you any writing to that effect?" 
"N6 sir; none." 

"Well," said Mr. Brown, "since you were here I have been 
offered $(iO,000 cash for it, and can you expect me to sell it for 
$30,000 to the city?" 

"I do," replied Mr. Quincy, "because you agreed to." 
"Have you any proof of that?" 
"Yes. lam the witness." 

"But you, being an interested party, can't be a witness or 
proof, and do you ask me to refuse $60,000 for the land and 
sell it to the city for $30,000? ' 
"Tdo." 

"You have no bond for it, hive you. Mr. Quincy?" 
"None, sir, whatever," replied the JIayor, stretching hljije'f 
up with great dignity — "none whatever but your word, and 
that you .said was your bond." 

"And," replied IMr, Brown, stretchiii 'himself uji with eijual 
dignity, ".so it is. My word is my bond, and for $30,000 the 
land is yours." 

And it was. The buildings were erected upon lint estate, 
and there they stand, a monument to Mr. Samuel Brown's 
mercantile integrity. 

To-day that land is worth niiilion* oPdollars. In tho^e times 
$30,000 was a fortune, but the worldcould not bid high enough 
to bribe Samuel Brown to a mean action. 



~'^*^'--^> — nK>- 




The most ancient known liounil volume of the Old Testament 
w^is written some time earlier than B. C. liiJ3; the sheets pres^'- 
ed smooth and strongly bound tosrether into a volume nearly 
four inches thick. The cords across the back are stout and 
hrmiy fastened; auJitionai strength is imparted by wooden 
frames at either enl. The outside cover, which does not go 
across the back is simply pajiyrus, precisely similar to that on 
which the book is written, except that it is a little thicker. 
It was certainly bound B. C. 241, for it was found in that 3 ear 
just as it is now (except that handling has worn the sides, and 
they are somewhat torn, though the inside is intact), and has 
since been guarded with jealous care by the successive Samari- 
tan chief priests. It was shown in I.SIIG by its custodian, Se- 
laniob, to Mrs. Eliza Rogers, by whom it is minutely de- 

ibcd. 



T-iITVniT TOJJT^ ^WJ>^J<ZTS. 



LORD Bolingbroke, in his "Reflections upon Exile," writes 
as follows: — 

"Our natural and real wants are confined to narrow bonnds, 
while those which fancy and eastern create, are confined ta 
none." 

Young meu who are just entering upon life, and forming 
habits which are likely to adhere to them to its close, will do 
well to treasure up in memory these true and instructive words 
of one of England's finest writers and most philosophic states- 
men: "Our natural and real wants are confined to narrow 
bounds." It is surprising how little it is that is absolutely 
essential to man's existence, and, it he will take an intelligent 
and considerate view of life, to his comfort and hippiness. 
Intellectual enjoyments are comparatively cheap. The culti- 
vation of the mind, which aifords the highest and the only en- 
during satisfaction, can be pursued on an income finite insig- 
nificant for the .supply of luxuries. Our phy.sioal wants are 
few, if we preserve our tastes simple, as they are by nature. 
To eat, to drink, to exereiss, to sle:p, to keep warm, and to be 
sheltered, a small .sum will suiiptv all these necessaries. The 
pleasures which are pure, and which tend to our improvement, 
are withm the reach of almost every one. But the wants 
which fancy and custom create, as Lord Bolinbroke well says, 
are confined to no bounds. It is against these that j-oungmen 
on the tbreshi)ld of life should sedulously guard. Beware of 
luxuriou< and expensive habits. It is ea«:y to do without that 
which you have never indulged in. It is hard to leave off 
habits, however extravagant and absurd. When you are to 
decide abo\it a mode or style of living consid'^r well whether it 
is certain th;it, without inconvenience, ynu will be able always 



to prese:v'^ if. Tlie only ■ 
n.irrow Ij'inn 1-. 



■rule is tokc^n vour want^ within 



^2? "vV~ I IT S . 

IX Ariica. according to Pr. llo'n'i't Brown, ("Rnces of Man- 
kind" I the birth of twins is cnmmonly regarded as an evil 
omen. No one except the tvvins themselves and their nearest 
relations is allowed to enter the hut in wliich they first saw 
light. The cliildren are not to play with other children, and 
even the utensils of the hut are not ]iermitted to be u>-ed by 
any one el^e. The mother is not allowed to talk to any one 
not belonging to her own family. If tlie children both live to 
the end of the sixth year, it is supposed that nature has 
accommoilated herself to their existence, and they are hence- 
forth admitted to assoc ate with their fellows. Nor is thi.s 
abomination ol' twiu births rcsti-ictcd to Africa. In the 
island of Bail, near -Java, a woman who is so unliirtunate as 
to bear twins, is obliged, along with her husband, to live for a 
month at the sea siiore or among the tombs, until she is 
purified. The Khasias or Hindostans consider that to have 
twins assimilates the mother to the lower animals, and one of 
them is frequently put to death. An exactly similar belief 
l)revails among some of the native tribes df \'aiicouver's Island. 
Among the Ainos, one "f tlio twins is always killed, and in 
Arebo, iu (luinca. Iioth the twins and mother arc jmt t^i 
death. 



(^lAUliKl.s wo:d(l nut last long if the fault was only mi one 
side. 



^ 




soo 



O'TJ^EXslXD-.S IXTSTI^TJOTOI^. 




IDEXjT^^ THIIB IF'JV.ITillF'XJIj. 





NEARLY eighteen liundred years ago there stood at the foot 
of Mount Vc.-uvius, in the beautiful Bay of Naisles, two 
ancient cities. The name of one was Pompeii, that of the 
other was Herculaneum; and of this last city we are about to 
tell you a very, very old story. 

In those cities they had paved streets, and handsome 
stone houses, shops and market places, fountains, and statues 
of bronze and rare stone. They had noble paintings and 
majestic temples, with pillars of alabaster and the purest 
marble. They had grand theatres, one of which was so large 
that it held ten thousand people; and they had public and 
private libraries, containing books written on rolls of paper, 
some of which were more than 
forty feet long. Tliey had g:'rdens 
with seats and summer-houses in 
them, and large cemeteries, in 
which they buried their dead, and 
erected tombs and monuments to _ 

their memory. The people who ^^g^fc 
lived in these cities were very pros f = ^^^ 
perous, proud, and powerful, fond 
of pleasure, and living in a state of 
ease and luxury. But they were i 
cruel people, who delighted in see 
ing men fight with and kill each 
other, merely to afford them amuse 
ment, and they used to make theii 
slaves, and the prisoners taken in 
their wars, fight with wild beasts 
in the theatres, while they sat 
round and — horrible to say — enjoj 
ed the dreadful sight. 

Now the story I aui going to tell 
you is of a little boy and a large 
handsome dog. The little boy's I 
father was named Severinus, the [ 
dog was called Pelta, and tlii'\ 
lived in Herculaneum when tli.M r 
city was in existence hundreds and 
hundreds of years ago. Delta was 
a brave, faithful, and intelligent 
animal, with powerful limbs, and 
large strong jaws, which had more 
than once done his master good ^ 
service. For Delta had three times - " 
saved the life of Severinus; on( e 
■when he was attacked by robber: , 
at another time when he was at the 
mercy of a furious she-wolt and again when he was batliing, 
and nearly drowned, in the beautiful bay we now call the Bay 
of Xajiles. And, to .«how his gratitude, Severinus had put 
up an inscription inside his house, recording the dog's bravuy 
and devotion. 

As T)elta grew old he af.ached himself more particularly to 
the only son of Severinus — a pretty little bov ten years of age. 
To fondle and jilay with this merry little fellow, to guard him 
when he went cut, and when he was tired with fun and romping, 
and .sat down to rest, to sit down, too, and watch him like a 
patient loving sentinel, seemed to be the only business of 
honest Delta's life. And so the boy and dog became such 
excellent friends that they were seldom seen apart. 

One bright fine morning in the autumn of the year seventy- 




l' f 




nine, there was an extraordinary stir in the ancient city of 
Herculaneum. All the people were up and out early in gay 
holiday attire, flocking through the gates towards the neigh- 
boring city of Pompeii, where a grand entertainment was in 
preparation. Laughing, jokine, and singing, the merry groups 
went forth, gilded chariots mingling with the foot passengers, 
and the bells attached to the horses jingling musically as they 
went. Severinus had gone with the rest, leaving his little son 
at home in charge of slaves, and guarded by the good dog 
Delta; and the cause of all this stir was, as we have said, the 
grand entertainment — and the grand entertainment, was 
one at which wild beas(s, and men resembling wild 
beasts, were to fight, and torture, and kill each other, for 
the amusement of all these gay, laughing, merry-making 
holiday folks. 

As the day wore on the air grew 
strangely close and hot. It was 
,d, j g^^^ M like that of an oven; so Delta and 

■ his little playmate and companion 
were glad to get near one of the 
fountains, the sparkling water and 
cooling spra}' of which were very 
pleasant. The dog presently seem- 
ed to grow uneasy, and, stretching 
himself out with his great head 
resting between his strong lion-like 
; paws, began to utter low growls 
: and a piteous whining noise. 

"What is the matter, good Delta? 
what ails you?' ' said the little boy, 
stopping in his play to fondle and 
5 C-iress his dumb guardian. 
4 Looking up, the child saw a 
: great cloud of black smoke curling 
: and twisting straight upward from 
I the top of Mount Yesuvius, and 
_' spreading out at the top like a 
: great palm tree. 

i "Look, look!" he cried, his large 
;. :i black eyes full of wonder at the 
, sight. 

' Presently he saw red shooting 
J flames minghng with the black 
^ smoke, and although it was mid- 
day, it began to grow dark. 

The air became more stiflingly 
hot and close, and it grew every 
moment darker and darker. Delta, 
pressing more closely to his' little 
master's side, looked piteously up 
into his white tearful face. Then came a clattering like that 
of a furious hail storm, and the darkness was suddenly so 
thick and black, that the child could no longer see the dog 
beside him. A wild uproar arose in the streets, women and 
children shrieking, the screams of horses and howling of dogs, 
the hoarse .shouts of desperate men, and the crash of falling 
buildings. All those who remained in the city were plunging 
and stumbling frantically through the darkness, to escape from 
it. Delta howled and barked more loudly, as if making a last 
desperate efi"ort to attract attention, and the poor child, clinging 

to his sole remaining friend, cried out, over and over again 

"Father, father — dear, dear father, come to me! oh, come to 
me!" until his voice grew faint and weak, his head fell forward 
upon the back of the dog, and he sank to the ground. 





JTJ^V-En^IZjE in^STI?>TJOTOI^ 



i:oL 




Then all other noises were lost in still more terrible sounds. 
The earth heaved and split with hoarse, harsh, grinding 
noises, dreadful to hear, and then it seemed as if huge moun- 
tains were being hurled one against another in the black fiery 
air, where they were shattered into falling fragments. Delta, 
crouching down over his dying charge, raised his head and 
uttered a long last howl of almost human agony; part of the 
house tottered and fell inward, burying both dog and child in 
its shattered fragments. 

On the morning after this awful event, the .sun shone out 
brightly, and the fair blue sky was again calm and still, 
although a dark heavy canopy of smoke still rested on the top 
of Mount Vesuvius. Where Pompeii and Herculaneum — the 
beautiful cities of ancient Rome — had stood but a few hours 
before, nothing was to be seen but a wide dreary plain of black 
dust and ashes, and great rivers of stone, where the molten 
lava had ru.shed down from the mountain-.side. 

In process of time the ground over these buried cities was 
cultivated. Corn and vineyards and grass and flowers grew 
above the hidden houses; streets, statues, and temples, and 
other houses were erected on their sites. At last in the year 
1689 — more than sixteen hundred years after the fiery eruption 
— the upper portion of one of the old, old buildings was ac- 
cidentally discovered; and, not long after, portions of the.se 
ancient cities were once more laid bare to the light of day. 
Then it was found that everything they contained had been 
preserved, and that thev were in exactly the same state as they 
were on the day of their destruction. It was found that in 
Herculaneum most of the inhabitants must have found time to 
escape, although the bones of many who had not been so for- 
tunate were discovered. Amongst other houses, that of Seve- 
rinus was excavated, and there the workmen found the in.scrip- 
tion which recorded the brave deeds of the good dog Delta, 
which was afterwards carefully preserved in the museum of 
the Grand Duke of Tuscany. And not far off, they also found 
the bones of a large dog resting upon the skeleton of a child. 
It seemed, from the position of the dog, that he must have 
been in the act of attempting to save the child, when the walls 
of the building fell in. There is no doubt that the bones so 
discovered were those of the little son of Severinus, and th ise 
of the dog Delta, faithful to the death in his duty of watching 
and protecting his master's child. 

In this manner God blotted out the wickedness of those 
corrupt cities. 




A Brave Act. — The following incident in the life of Mad- 
ame McMahon, wife of the President of the French republic, 
is related : In the middle of the winter of 1838 a fire broke out 
in the female seminary at Limoges, Prance, and spread with 
such rapidity that it was feared all the inmates would perish. 
Suddenly there was a cry that one little girl had been left in 
her room. As the excited spectators were beginning to pray 
for the unfortunate child, a tall girl, with dishevelled blonde hair 
and flowing nightgown, cut through the crowd, and, with a 
shriek of "I'll save her!" that rose above the sound of crackling 
timbers and falling masonry, dashed into the doorway. A 
loud hurrah that was prolonged to the echo only to be repeated 
again, attracted the attention of the devotees, and the pale- 
faced girl was seen skipping through the flames with the ter- 
rified child. A few days thereafter King Louis Phillippe sent 
the heroine a gold medal for her bravery, and a captain of the 
French army, who had witnessed the girl's pluck, begged an 
introduction. The captain is now President of France, and the 
brave girl is Madame McMahon. 



BII?.3DS. 



( Continued. ) 



THE PINNATED GROUSE, OR PRAIRIE CHICKEN. 



THIS bird is fo md almost wholly in open, dry plains, in 
which are a few trees or tufts of brushwood, pines and 
shrub-oaks being the most favored .'-helteT. Like the greater 
part of the group, the males "pluy" at the breeding season, 
ruffling their feathers, erecting their neok-tufts, swelling out 
their wattles, and uttering their .strange love-cries. At this 
time the Pinnated Grouse is jiarticularly remarkable for the 
large size and bright orange color of the naked sacculated 
appendages which hang at each side of the neck, and which 
can be filled with air until they are nearly of the same size 
and color as a small orange, or can I e permitted to hang loosely 
along the neck. 




The males are great ngniers on laoc <i,cd-ious, and dash 
fiercely against each other; though, to all appearance, these 
combats are more notable for disi)lay thnn for effect, litle or 
no damage seeming to bo done or suff'ered by either party. 



DURING the reign of Henry HI, more accurately on the 
12th day of December, 1240, the first English parlia- 
ment met, although not according to the desire or with the 
sanction of the king. At that time the state of affairs in 
England looked very threatening. As it will be necessary to 
understand the causes of this unsettled condition, which were 
the circumstances causing the assembling of the Parliament, 
a slight review of Henry's reign will be made. 

Henry III. was a son of John and a nephew of Richard 
III. He ascended the throne when only nine years old. To 
govern the kingdom until he should become of lawful age 
a council of regency was appointed. Such a step has almost 
universally proved the cause of much contention and strife, 
and the present case was not an exception. The ill-feeling 
was increased and made more noticeable by the fact that at 
that time the English nobles were very nearly equal in power 
one with another; and the appointm-^nt of some as regents, 
while others were apparently neglected and had no hand in 
the government of the realm, would naturally cause envy and 
a feeling of wounded dignity. This was the result, and from 
it sprang the long commotions known as the Barons' wars. 

To increase the dissatisfaction already noticed, the French 
Dauphin laid a claim to the English crown. (Dauphin is a 
title always held by the eldest son of a French king, like 
Prince of Wales, which is the title of the English monarch's 





SOS 



JTTJ'VSn^II-.E I ISr S T I^ TJ C TO I?/. 





eldest son. ) You may find what grounds he had for asserting 
this claim if you look in any English history. The discon- 
tented barons sui)ported his claim for some time, but he was 
finally compelled to quit England. Henry's goyernment was 
also rendered unpoijular by the result of an attempt to take 
the Duchy of Normandy. This proyince had been won from 
England by France during the reign of Henry's fiither. 
Henry claimed it, but the French king very naturally refused 
to flive it up. The result was a war in which Henry was 
defeated and lo.st England's remaining French province.s. 

He increased the feeling against him by the fayor which he 
showed to foreigners and the aiiparent neglect with which he 
treated his own people. This is an error often committed by 
kings, and one tliat Englishmen find hard to iorgive. 

From what has been written you will see that affairs in 
England were coming to a crisis. Henry had either to take 
declsiye steps, or be dethroned. Indeed, a council of prom- 
inent barons decided that unless he dismissed his foreign 
iayorites there would be ciyil war. He for a time submitted; 
but marrying tlie daughter of a French count, he again received 
the foreigners into favor, and the English barons left his court 
in disaust and would not return. Matters went along in this 
way for .some time, the di.seoutent being increased by the way 
he obtained money for defraying his court expenses as well as 
by other triHitig matters, until at last the people, secretly 
encouraged by the nobles, openly resisted his authority and 
punished some of his foreign lavorites. Henry felt that he 
had not the power to check them; and did not make the 
attempt. Then the barons openly revolted and marching 
auain^t him with a large mob compelled him to solemnly 
swear to support and rule in acordance with the Great Char- 
ter, which his father wa- forced to sign Chief among the 
barons who i-esisted the king wa-; oimoii de Mo'itfort, Earl of 
TiCice.-ier. His title would indicate that he was an English- 
man, and such he \va- in i' elin!;and coiiJuet. although French 
liy birth and pLiviMit:i;;.\ His iaihi'r was noteil for the bigotry 
anl cruelty he di.-play, d in the pc-i--ecu'ion nf the Albigen.ses, 
a sect of religious rel'onners fnim the 11 'iiian CalKolie church. 
Simon was more Eiiglisiimiii tli m I'leiH-hMLin in many 
resjiects, in fact he mari'ied ll'.i' >i-trr ol' Henry III. Tiiis 
marriage was the cause of niu'-li tnrious t;ilk by ilie barons, 
and de Monti'ort was obli^cJ to leave England. H.' went to 
Home and obtained the I'ope's con.sent tu what 1 •■ 1 id done, 
rt'tnitied to I'.nghni'l an I wa- joyfully received ip\ the king. 
lie alterwards went ab. o.id ;;:rl did uumy things which 
increased Henry's powjr. He returned to England, but was 
no longer a favorite with Heiuy, by whom he was accused of 
(U.-honesty and treated with disresjiect. Filled with auger, 
de Montfort urged the barons to compel the king to assent to 
the appointment, of twenty-four barons. The king dared not 
say No, and the barc]iis were appointed, with Leicester at their 
head, an 1 the royal authority was used by them only. Had 
this council of barons been united, all would have been well; 
l.ut de .Montfiu't and another member quarelled, and the 
t'oruier left the country in disgust. He returned, united the 
barons, but the king refused to ratily the provisions thej' 
ilrew up. Tiie cjnntry was pluiigi;d into civil war, and the 
king was finally taken iirisoner. De Montfort then had the 
whole authority of the kingdom; he issued writs in the king's 
name, desiring every county to send two representatives to a 
council which would be held for the pur|iose of governing the 
v"ilni. The meeting of these reijre.sentatives on the 12th of 
I >c .-ember, 124(3, was the first English Hou.se of Common.s. 
For his labors Simon dc Montfort received but little reward. 



His friends left him, the king again came into power, and 
marched against Leicester, who had still a few followers left. 
In the battle of Evesham, August 4, 12C.5, the army of de 
Montfort was defeated and the founder of the English parlia- 
ment met a soldier's death. 



^ * •^>-*~*^ 



tusttd-et^ thie sisto'w. 



From ''All the Year Round.' 



( Confirmed. ) 



s 



rcn were the exhortations which I received from my grand- 
father this morning; and, as if he felt relieved by having 
given them, he has since been more tranquil, more serene, and 
almost joyous. For my own part, I cannot believe that so 
clear and .strong a mind can be dwelling in a body which is so 
near dissolution. The danger has been set before my eyes 
but it still seems far distant. May God confirm my favorable 
anticipations! 

Janu.\ry 7. — Darkness has a more depressing effect on sick 
persons than it has on people in health; although it is said to 
be injurious e\cn to t he mo- tiobu-t health. Light was made for 
man, and man for the light. Vie have contriTed this morning 
a mode of economising our oil, without remaining completely in 
the dark. We have made a night-light with a thin slice of 
cork, through which we have thrust a very small wick. This 
feeble light suffices ibr my work, and it cheers my grandfather 
a little. AVe will make use of this for the future, and only rarely 
light the large laniii; for, upon trial, I find that I can manage 
to write with this. 

January It). — It was the will of God! . . . I am left alone 
with him, far away from all the rest of the world. It hap- 
jiened the day before yesterd ly. It is impos.sible to go on and 
write the full account of his death. The paper is soaking wet 
with my tear.s. 

January 12. — Yes,t]iis is really the twelfth of January; two 
days have elapsed since I wrote the preceding lines. . . . My 
reason is returning; it shall get the u]i])er hand, if it please 
God. Unless I telt that the Lord was with me and around me, 
I too should die, and that of fright alone. 

January 12 and 13. — On the seventh, I went to bed full of 
hope; my grandfather appeared to be better than usual; but 
befiu-e I had fallen asleep, I heard him groan, and I jumj-ed up 
instantly. Without waiting for him to ask me to go and help 
him, I dre.ssed my.self, lighted the lam]), which stood ready, 
and asked him how he felt. 

"1 feel faint," he said; "it will be like the other day; or 
perhaps !" He checked himself 

'"Dear grandfatlier, wdl you take a spoonful of wine?" 

"No, my child; only moisten my temples and rub my hands 
with vinegar — and — get the Bible. Read me that passage, 
you know which, where I have placed a slip of paper." 

I obeyed. When I had fini.shed it, he interrupted me. made 
me come near bin), took my hands in his, and uttered a long 
prayer. He pronounced the words slowly, in a feeble voice, 
and at considerable intervals. He then made me recite some 
portions of Scii]ituie which I knew by lieart: at times, he 
called to mind passages of the Bible and words of the Savior, 
which he repeated with a fervor and resignation that melted 
me to tears. 

I will add one trifling circumstance which, however, affected 
me greatly. Blanchette, surprised, perhajis, at seeing a light 





j"Tj^ii]nsri:LiE] iiststi^tjotoi^ 



S03 





shining at an unusual hour, set up a continuod bloating. 

"Poor Blanchette !" ?ai(l the dying man; "I must caress her 
iust once more. Let her loose, my boy, and lead her to my 
bedside." 

I did as he desired; and Blanpliette, in hor familiar way, put 
her two fore-feot on the edire of the bedstead, begging for som 
little tit-bit to lie given to her. We had aceustoraod her to talc 
from th • hand, in this way, a grain or two of salt. I thought 
I should be doing what was agree;dile to my patient, if I laid a 
little salt in his hand. Blanchette took io instantly, and licked 
his hand afterwards. 

"Always be a good nurse! Trire jilenty of milk!" ho said, 
passing his arm round her neck with an effort. He then turned 
aside his head. I led Blanchette away and flistenod her to the 
manger. 

After that he uttered scarcelv anv connected words; only, he 
made me understand that be wi-^hed me to remnin close to him, 
with my hand in his. I felt a slight pressure at intervals; and, 
as his e3'es spoke to me at the same time, Icoraprchendod that 
he was collecting his last strength to express his affeclion, and 
that I should be uppermost in bis thoughts until life should 
cease. 

I said a few affectionnte words; at which liis looks brightened 
up, and I saw that it would be a plea'^ure to him if I contin- 
ued. I therefore leaned down towards him, and said with as 
firm a voicj as I could command. 

"Adieu! adieu! Farewell, till we meet in Heaven! I am 
resolved to obey your injunctions faithfully. . . I believe in 
God the Father; I believe in the compassion and the merits of 
the Savior. Do not lie anxious on my account. You have 
prepared me so well, that I now stand in need only of Goil's 
assistance." 

Here my poor grandnither squeezed my hand more forciblv, 
and. making an unavailins effort to answer me, he could only 
express his joy by a long-drawn sish. 

"I will take cave to remember," I continued, all the advice 
you gave for the preservation of my life. For the love of you, 
I will neglect nothing thnt can prolong my existence and help 
me to escape from the chalet. Farewell, dear grandfother! 
Farewell! farewell!" 

rrfelt one more feeble pressure of the hand : it was the last; 
for his hand, which had graduallj' grown colder, let mine drop. 
He expired without effort, without convulsion, and without a 
sigh. 

My most terrible moments after that time, were not the first. 
It was when I slowly came to myself, and found mj'self alone in 
that sad habitation with — a dead body; it was then that I felt 
an involuntary shudder run through me, especially when night 
came. 

In the morning, I had sufficient command over mj-self to 
wind uj) the clock and to milk Blanchette; the cold compelled 
me to light a fire : that gave mo occupation; but I afterwards 
fell into a stupor of grief Unfortunately, that same evening 
the wind ro.se with such violence that I could hear the wailing 
of its mournful susts more plainly than I had done for .some 
time past. 

I was sitting in the chimney-corner; I was watching by the 
feeble glimmer of the nightlight, with my back turned towards 
the bed : little by little, 1 felt a shivering fit come over me ; 
I was no longer master of my own ideas. My mental trouble 
would have gone on increasing, and might have become of 
serious consequence, if I had not thought of a mode of imtting 
an end to it which many people might think would make it 
worse. I went up to the corpse, at first constrainedly, after- 



wards with greater resolution. I looked at it: I dared to touch 
it. It was a painful effort ; nevertheless I j^ersisted. T repeated 
the action several times, and I felt that the shock I had suf- 
fered became by degrees more supportable. 

From that time I did not cease, at short intervals, to return 
to the remains of my departed friend. I fulfilled with respect 
to them the same offices which persons accustomed to such 
things perform coolly. The expression of the countenance was 
so calm and pleasant, that it cau.sed me to shed tears. "No," 
I sobbed aloud, "I am not afraid." 

Nevertheless, my anguish returned when T felt that sleep 
was stealing over me; at my age, it is impossible to resist it. 
Was I to go and lie down by the side of the body? My reso- 
lution did not carry me so far as that ; and I sought, I must 
confess, a very wretched protection from the superstitious fears 
which wer(> resuming their sway : I went and took refuge by 
the side of Blanchette. The warmth and the vital motion which 
I found in this poor animal, the slight noise .=he made while 
chewing the cud, reassured me in some slight degree. 

At last I fell into a sound sleep. 

The next day, as soon as I woke, I rocomtnenced the strug- 
gle of yesterday; I employed myself as much as possible about 
the goat and my other work, and. above all, I frequeatly went 
near to the body. I even held that dear and venerable bend 
for a considerable time in my hands. The more my fear 
diminished, the more 1 felt my grief increase; and I was pleased 
with myself on observing so reasonable and so natural a change. 
My thoughts then became directed to the preparations for the 
burial, and I recalled to mind what my grandfather had said. 
I believe that it was with a secret intention that he had .some- 
times spoken of the dangers of precipitate interments; I re- 
solved, therefore, to wait until nature should compel me to ac- 
complish this last duty. The lively affection which I retained 
for mygrandfiitherkeptme from yielding to the cowardly wish 
to get rid of a painfvd spectacle at the very earlie-st moment 
possible. 

But I took my tools, and opened the dairy door. 

"What a Jack-ofalbtrades!" I said to mj-self "First, 
nurse and doctor, and now gravedigger ! What other bereaved 
relatives are spared the sig, t of, I am obliged to execute with 
my own hands !" 

The first few strokes revolted me, and I was obliged to stop 
short. It was not that my arms refused to work, but my rainil 
was troubled, and deprived me of the requisite energy. Every 
time I struck the ground, a loud echo resounded from the roof, 
which was vaulted with bricks, like that of a cellar. 1 was 
obliged to accustom myself to the sound, and it took me the 
whole day to do an amount of work which ought not to have 
occupied more than a couple of hotirs. In fact the ground is 
sandy and lisht, and at last I was able to throw it out with the 
shovel without being obliged to break it up previous!}'. I took 
advantage of the circumstance to dig a deep grave; for — I said 
to myself — if the chalet has to be left empty for any length of 
time (whether I escape from it, or whether it is my turn to 
die next), I ought to use my utmost endeavors to preserve 
the body from ravenous beasts. T therefore went on with my 
melancholy task, until I was standing in a grave as dco)) as I 
was high. The clock struck ten. Night was come, and all it."* 
black thoughts with it. But the violent exercise which I had 
taken .soon enabled me to fall asleep. It was only deferred 
a few minutes by Blanchette's caresses; she seems very glad 
to have me with her. and nevrr refuses to serve as my pil- 
low. 

( TV) he C^iitiiP'eif.) 





204z 



a"u^E]nNrii_,E ih^sti^tjotoi?. 




Music bt E. Stephens. 



QUARTETTE: Moderato: 




^-n 



^srfi-^Ez5£S=:ji^ 



=a=g=tr:-:prFs3.±g=:gzr3IrE:^-1-1;r^=E:qz^Egi^H 

0, if forme the cup you till, Then fill it from the gushing rill, With water, water! sparkling, bright. As 
Kiss not to me the mantlingbriui,Wheredancing hubbies gai - ly swim. For in each shining crystal round, A. 

Speak not to nie of ro-sywine, Of nectar cups, or draughts divine;The taste of bitter tears is there: The 

*>-•- m m m- **^ -f*' «• _ 1 -•- 

»-*—»T-»— [—*£-• — ^A^ — I 






:t=t: 



:^=t=F 



Lr*^"*""" 



Sit 



'!:?_«'_ 



^=-*=?^- 



CHORUS: 



itz^i 



E?ERf 



^ clear as truth and 
dead-ly lurk-ing 
tears of grief or 



sss 



free as light 
fiend is found, 
dark de - spair. 



0, 



for me the 



E:^f^TEgEE=S^S 



cup you fill, Then 






^? 



:*_-: 



ri*=^i 



:t=: 



-— ao— 

0, if for nie 



i=y 



:t: 



:^i 



fill it from the 






rt: 



-t- 







:z*=:«^; 



i^:: 




Jai*=bi-a^— »rzz=| 
::i^±EE-pzr:J 






cup j'ou fill. Then 






fill it from the 

-^1 1 it= 



gu=h - ing rill. 

(^ - — ^ 



:=t=:i?=r:: 



^zzt:=:^£ 



:Ni: 



=P2I 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



S. 



ox THE UIST.JKY OF .lOSICrn SMITH, THE PKOniET. — LESSON XVI. 




Q. — AVhcre was Joseph living at this time? 

A.— In the State of New York. 

Q. — AVhile his life was thus in danger what did he resolve to de" 

A. — To remove to the State of Pennsylvania. 

Q.— AVhy did he choose that State? 

A. — Because his wife's parents lived tliere. 

Q. — AVho assisted him with means to remove i„ ^cw York 
to Pennsylvania'' 

A. — -MartlTi Harris. 

Q. — When Joscpli started for Pennsylvania where did he put 
the plates? 

A. — In a barrel of beans in nis wagon. 

Q. — After they had started who came after him? 

A. — An officer with a search warrant. 

Q. — What is a search warrant? 

A. — A (laper made out b,y the Justice of the Peace. 

Q. — What use can be made of such a paper? 

A. — A policeman or constable can examine any place or'jjropcrty. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — -To see if he can find stolen property-. 

Q. — What did the officer do with Joseph's wagon? 

A. — IIo examined everything there was in it. 

Q.— Did they find anything that did not belong to him? 

A.— No. 

Q.— Had they suspected him of stealing something? 

A. — No, they only pretended so. 



Errata. — Tn tlie first part of om- orlition of No. 15, there 
wore some typographical errors in the piece of mu.?ic composed 
by E. Beesley: 

The 3rd note of the Treble and Alto in the 2nd measure 
should be P instead of E. And the 3rd note of the Tenor and 
Bass in the 10th measure should be P instead of G-. The 
3rd note of the Bass in the 23rd mea.suro should Ije D instead 
1 f C. And the .3rd note ot the Tcnoi- and Bass iu the I'Tth 
measure should be A instead o|- i. 



*-<s>*— "i-^^- 



Tii" be-^t thins to give to yiur enemy is forgiveness; to 
your opponent tolerance; to a Iriend y)ur heart; to your child 
a good example; to a father deference; to your mother con- 
duct that will make her proud of j'ou; to yourself respect; to 
all men charity; to God obedience. 



crxj^TEisriXjE insrsTS^TJOTOs. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



OSTRCe O. CANN »H, EDITOR & PUBLISHES?. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — - $2 00. 
.^r-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 

"LdITOE J UVENILE INSTRUCTOR." 




