% 



yip 



'"^Sh 



^mm 




VOL. XVII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 18S2. 



NO. 2. 



TRAVELS IN INDIA 

( Continued from page 1 ). 




"PHE structure used for a saw-pit, was a rude concern. 
■*■ Heavy posts were put in the ground, on the top of which 
a beam was securely fastened, the whole having more the appear- 
ance of a hitching- post at a grocery store than a saw pit. Many 
of the timbers were sixty feet in length. The center of the 
saw-log was placed on the beam with one end resting on the 
ground the other extended in the air at an angle of forty- 
five degrees. Timbers were piled on the end resting on the 
ground to prevent the log from tiping, while the top sawyer's 
weight was brought to bear on the end that was extended in 
the air. After the timber was sawed to the beam, or stock- 
head on which it 
rested, the end rest- 
ing on the ground 
was elevated and 
sawed, the sawing 
thus being finished 
in the middle of the 
stick. A rude, rick- 
ety scaffolding was 
erected under the 
log, upon which the 
under sawyer took 
his place. The saw 
was a primitive in- 
strument, very little 
wider than a buck- 
saw blade but some 
longer. The blade 
was set in a very 
rude frame. The 
sawyers worked for 
very low wages, and they did but little labor, the most of the 
time being spent in filing the saw and smoking the hokah. 
Their mode of filing was rather rude. One end of the frame 
would rest on the ground, the other lean on the left arm of the 
performer, who used his right hand in running the file across 
the teeth, the attitude being more like that of a man playing 
on a bass viol than anything else I can compare it to in our 
country. Each pair of sawyers would take turns in smoking 
and filing. 

The ax used by the carpenters, had the appearance of a 
large iron wedge with an eye for the handle. In cross-cutting 




a log, two carpenters would squat on the ground opposite 
each other, and with a mallet and chisel cut it through as 
neatly as it could be done by a cross-cut saw. 

To illustrate to my readers how far the natives of Orissa 
were advanced in the arts and sciences, the cut exhibits their 
mode of cultivating the earth. The system of agriculture 
among the people is a fair indication of their general advance- 
ment in a knowledge of the arts. 

Bengal is appropriately denominated the garden of the world. 
It receives the alluvial deposits of that mighty river called 
the Ganges, the fecundating waters of which overflow that 

portion of country 
below the delta on 
its course to the 
bay. 

The Hindoo 
plow consists of sev- 
eral pieces of wood, 
fastened together. 
It has no mould- 
board; the share, 
having little 

width or depth, 
does not penetrate 
the soil, butscratch- 
es the ground, and 
when the field is 
plowed, it has 
the appearance of 
being well rooted 
by pigs. The al- 
V-.T- ~ — ^ luvial mould of 
Bengal and Orissa requires but little cultivating. When the 
mould is being stirred up by the plow referred to, several 
of which will be operating on the same piece of land, the 
plowmen follow each other, first lengthwise then crosswise. 
When the soil has been loosened sufficiently, the rice or other 
seed is sown. The field is then dragged with a harrow, which 
has the appearance of a ladder, about fifteen feet long, drawn 
by bullocks, with two men on top to guide and add to its 
weight. They also use the branches of trees and sometimes 
run a log over the ground, which serves as a harrow as well 
as a roller. 




oJP^' 



lv4 <sh 



18 



CTTJ^TEnsrXLE! I^STBTJCTOR. 



c 



s§ 



THE CONFLICT BETWEEN SCI- 
ENCE AND SUPERSTITION. 



BY G. R. 



FOR ages past, in numerous varying forms, a war of ideas 
has been fiercely raging throughout the civilized world, 
in our day miscalled "The contlict between religion and 
science. "' But in truth the struggle between two irreconcil- 
able and widely separate forms of error — between immature, 
undeveloped science and debased, apostate Christianity. 
Between real science and true religion there is no conflict; 
they are both important parts of one stupendous whole, har- 
monizing, aiding and strengthening each other; both ema- 
nating from God, the source of all truth, and both tending to 
His glory and to man's exaltation. 

It must be evident to all thoughtful readers of the Bible 
that immediately after the deluge there was but one religion, 
and that was the plan delivered by God to Noah. In other 
words, it was the everlasting gospel, and Noah by ordi- 
nation and fatherhood was high priest and patriarch to the 
whole human family. By degrees, beginning in Chaldea and 
Egypt, apostasy crept in, and, in a tew decades, the foundation 
had been laid for the numerous debased faiths which spread 
and grew wider and deeper until they became crystalized in 
the varying mythologies of Rome, Greece, Babylon, Egypt, 
etc. 

From time to time Jehovah raised up prophets among the 
chosen Semetic seed, but their influence in bringing men 
back to the truth was but transitory, aud, after the days of 
Abraham, extended but little beyond the actual descendants 
of that patriarch. 

When Christ came and the Messianic dispensation was 
ushered in. divine truth in its glory and strength was restored, 
but its power for good was short-lived. Evil overcame the 
good, the ordinances of ' rod's house were changed, the ever- 
lasting covenant was broken, the representatives of the 
Priesthood were slain, and another general, though gradual, 
apostasy ensued, leaving the world in darkness and confusion, 
and without authority from God or communication with 
heaven. 

A- the church more and more, step by step, departed from 
the original plan instituted and taught by Jesus, BO it gained 
favor with men, until what is termed Christianity became the 
religion of the majority, and rulers and emperors became its 
patrons. 

Then succeeded a time of yet deeper degradation, for to 
win the unbelieving idolater, and promote political unity, the 
follies of Paganism, slightly changed, and under new names 
and guises, were engrafted into the debased Christianity; and 
the two apostate- , ialesced; or, to use the language of Lord 
- ion after Christianity had achieved its triumph. 
the principle which had assisted it began to corrupt it. It 
became a new Paganism. Patron saints assumed the offices 
of 'household gods. St George took the place oi Mars. St. 
consoled the mariner for the loss ol Castor and Pollux. 
Tic Virgin Mother and Cecelia succeeded to Venue and the 
Muses The fascination of bos and dignity were blended to 
that of religion." 

T • this deplorable fusion of Paganism 

and Christianity are very properly and consistently denomi- 
nated "the dark ages." The dominant church, knowing that it 
had no open communication with the divine powers, became 
fearful of dissent, and claimed to he the keeper of men 






sciences, not only in religious matters but in science and phil- 
osophy also. The Bible and the tradition of the church were 
declared to be the criterion of all truth, in all its multitudinous 
branches and ramifications. And, unfortunately, it was not the 
Bible as it was written, but as it was construed and interpreted 
by the church, that was exalted to be the standard by which all 
truths were to be judged. Foolish as this dogma may seem 
to our readers, yet even at this late day it has not entirely 
died out, and in Catholic countries, among the priesthood and 
the ignnraut laiety it is even now regarded as a test of theories, 
doctrines and hypotheses to which it has no relation and fre- 
quently in no way refers. 

The Bible, we must recollect, was not written to teach men 
science by scientific methods; its object is to lead men to 
God by its own — that is, by the Lord's method, and to teach 
them lessons in the foremost of all sciences, that of theology; 
for, to use the expression of one of its writers, "The fear of 
the Lord is the beginning of wisdom." 

In this conflict between so-called science and the apostate 
church, both have received many hard blows, both have 
failed as they varied from the truth. The uninspired leaders 
of Latin and Greek Christianity have been frequently worsted 
in their resistance to the advancing tide of human knowledge; 
but it was not the fault of the Bible, it was not the fault of 
truth, it was the fault of the fanciful and erroneous meanings 
these benighted prelates put upon God's word. 

For instance, because the Bible contains such colloquial 
expressions as "the ends of the earth," "the four corners of 
the earth," the church formulated the idea that the earth 
was flat and had edges, ends and corners. Under the earth 
they located hell; above it, beyond the crystaline sky which 
the earth supported, was heaven. To believe aught else than 
this was heresy, a heresy for which many have cruelly suf- 
fered. But as kuowledge increased, the spherical form of the 
earth was demonstrated in various ways, and ultimately the 
question was placed beyond all controversy when Magellan 
circumnavigated it. In this foolish contest the church was 
signally defeated. 

Then it was claimed that the earth stood still, and that the 
sun, moon and stars moved around it. To deny this was 
esteemed the strongest kind of impiety, for, it was asked, "Did 
not Joshua command the sun to stand still?" But by and by- 
the ridiculous idea that this little globe was the center of the 
universe, around which and for whose good alone the suns, 
stars and myriad worlds were created by the Almighty, gave 
way before the light of truth, and a broader, nobler, more 
glorious system of astronomy was reached, which showed 
that there were worlds upon worlds, systems upon systems, 
which no man could count or comprehend; and by degrees 
men. through the patient toil of astronomers and students of 
nature, are reaching towards a comprehension of that vast 
system of true astronomy revealed of (rod to Abtaham and 
the ancients, which was lost with much other truth, as the 
gospel, in early ages, dwindled from the earth. 

But it was long since prophesied that in the latter days 
knowledge should be increased, r.nd mankind is beginning to 
understand thai I lod is not the God of one small world aione, 
but of countless orbs, which, according to His laws, roll in 
Bpaoe to lli~ glory, being the workmanship of His hands and 
the homes of Mi- children 

\< lir-t it wa- contended that the doctrine of a plurality 
of worlds wa- derogatory to the character of God and con- 
trary to the scripture-, and some who maintained this idea 
suffered severe persecution at the hands of bigoted church- 



i 




CTTJ"^E]^TII-.E1 I1TSTRUCTOR, 



19 




men. But how differently we regard this matter now ! How 
precious is the truth that the stars we see bespangling the 
heavens are the homes of God's creatures, all the children of 
His love and the objects of His care! 

Again, there arose another furious conflict ; one that the 
contending parties have not yet settled. This time it is about 
the age of the world. The churchmen teach that some few 
thousand years ago (or about four thousand years before the 
incarnation of Jesus), God created the world and all its con- 
tents out of nothing. As the evidences in nature are over- 
whelming that the material of which the earth is composed 
ha? existed more than six thousand years, the clergy are in 
somewhat of a dilemma. But even the opponents of the 
theory that the Almighty created the world out of nothing a 
comparatively short time ago, are not able to rise to a reali- 
zation of the grand truth that matter is eternal, and that at 
the framing of this terraqueous globe the Holy One took of 
those eternal elements and organized a world; just as a man 
takes rock, lime, lumber, etc., and creates, builds or organizes 
a house. The terms are equivalent, but are differently used 
when applied to different things. We speak of the creation 
of a world, the building of a house, the manufacture of 
goods, the making of a pudding, etc. 

In no case, be it world, house, or pudding, is something 
made out of nothing, but always out of the pre-existent 
material. But the philosophy of the day has not reached 
this simple fact, nor attained to a comprehension of the great 
truth that spirit and matter are eternal, and were not created 
or made by any power, finite or infinite. Hence in this con- 
troversy regarding the age of the world, both parties are 
blundering in error. Jt is doubtless true that this earth, as 
the abode of man, came into existence as stated in the Bible. 
It is equally true that the material or e'ements of which it 
is composed originally occupied another place in space where 
the environment was vastly different, and that it was brought 
into its present sphere and position in the universe at some 
period subsequent to its creation. This much is taught us by 
modern revelator-. It. is reasonable to believe that this 
change of situation aud environment produced great changes 
on its surface, and it is quite possible were the cause of some 
of those phy.-ical revolutions — changes in the configuration of 
its surface, extremes of heat and cold, etc., of which skeptics 
prate so learnedly. 

As a hint on this subject, we insert an extract from a hymn 
written by Sister Eliza R. Snow : 

"Thou, earth, wert once a glorious sphere 

Of noble magnitude. 
And didst with majesty appear 

Among the worlds of God : 

"But thy dimensions have been torn 

Asunder, piece by piece, 
And each dis-member'd fragment borne 

Abroad to distant space. 



"A 'restitution' yet must come, 

That will to thee restore, 
By the grand law of worlds, thy sum 

Of matter heretofore. 

"And thou, O, earth, wilt leave the track 
Thou hast been doom'd to trace — 

The Gods with shouts will.bring thee.baok 
To fill thy native place." 




Then, again, there has been a wonderful turmoil with 
regard to the divine government of the earth, in which, as is 
frequently the case in other controversies, both parties are 
partly wrong and partly right, but in the main in this question 
the ecclesiastic, in our judgment, has the best of the argument. 
The believer claims God's direct control in mundane affairs; 
the skeptic maintains the rule of universal law, independent 
of a personal Deity or other controlling personage. 

Both are right; God rules indeed, but He rules by law. 
His laws are universal, eternal, undeviating, and inexorable, 
but because they are perfect does it prove that there is no 
God? If they were not so it would prove that God was 
only partly a God, a finite God, an imperfect God, in fact, no 
God at all. 

If God rules the earth, do philosophers expect that His 
laws must necessarily be imperfect, subject to change, revision 
and improvement, or that He will rule without law? The 
laws of such a god as Baal or Osiris might be of this class, 
but not of those of Eloheim. Perfect laws emanate from a 
perfect being. He is seen in and through the working of His 
laws, and any apparent deviations from general laws are only 
deviations to the children of ignorance. 

The apparent departures from understood causes and effects 
simply arise from the introduction of causes not discerned or 
understood by us. The Lord has at various times worked 
what men call miracles for special purposes, but to do so He 
did not change the laws of nature. He simply called into 
action causes not seen or sensed by man. But God does not 
govern the universe nor this little world by miracles. He 
governs it by the law of its being ; yet He governs it, never- 
theless. 

The man who carries a watch knows it has a maker; yet it 
keeps time by law — the law of its creation. Supposing that 
for some cause, no matter what, it goes wrong — either gains 
or loses, and the owner regulates it, or changes the position 
of its hands either backwards or forwards, with the key, to - 
the right time. No miracle is performed, but something 
contrary to the watch's own methods of keeping time is per- 
formed ; the hands are moved by a superior, and, to the 
watch, resistless force. 

So God governs the world. He sometimes regulates it, 
sometimes sets it right by means outside of man's control or 
nature's daily doings, but in no case is the law of God or of 
nature changed or infringed upon. Thus the Creator some- 
times governs the world by direct interposition, as in the case 
of the deluge or the destruction of Sodom, but He does it 
without breaking any law. 

Many other controversies have arisen and still exist, into 
the consideration of which we dare not enter, for fear 
of making this article too lengthy. Such disputes, however, 
are universally the results of ignorance, be it willful or other- 
wise, and the only conclusive way of definitely settling the 
vexed questions is through the revelations or inspiration of 
heaven, and even then the disputes will only be settled as 
men accept those revelations. Science is growing as arrogant 
as the Roman church, and is puffed up with vanity at its 
assumed success; and because of this arrogance it is rushing 
into extremes, as absurd and deplorable as ever characterized 
the uninspired churchmen. 



Happiness and Sorrow. — If mortals would only look at 
the subject rationally, they would see that it is enough happi- 
ness to be free from sorrow, and not bring sorrow upon them- 
selves by 'pining for happiness. 




m 



c ^su 



SO 



CTTJ'VlillNriLE IUSTE/TJOTOR, 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREliEN. 






{Continued from page 4). 

ULRICH was sood overpowered, and an outside power 
then dictated affairs I'or the period of fifteen years. The 
former duke, however, finally established himself once more 
on the throne, and then retained his power for the remainder 
of his life. 

Thus affairs were continually changing, both inside and out- 
side the city, until the time of the thirty years' war — that 
terrible time during which many large and flourishing cities 
of Germany were almost totally destroyed, when Europe was 
shaken to the very ceuter and it even seemed that peace could 
never be established again. During this time Stuttgart also 
suffered greatly, especially during the four years between 
1634 and 1638, when the pest made its appearance aud took 
its many victims away. Incendiary fires also destroyed part 
of the city and other terrible catastrophes occurred, the 
traces of which were seen for many succeeding years. 
Then followed the French war, which was accompanied by 
some of the direst evils that ever befell the city, and about 
this time, as if to add insult to injury, the ruler removed his 
residence to Ludwigsberg, some nine mile north of Stuttgart 
thus robbing the latter city of some of its attractions. The 
old city was, however, again appointed the residence for the 
monarch during the reign of Charles Alexander (1733-1737), 
since which time it has continually retained the ascendancy, 
and has gradually grown in beamy and >'v/. ). 

This city contains some magnificent buildings, and also some 
beautiful gardens; the description of some, which I visited, 
may not be uninteresting. 

The principal and largest building of the whole city is the 
kind's residence, a large and massive building with a fine 
location. This structure, which is composed of two wings 
and the immense center building, Burmounted by a large 
crown, is built after the style of the Versailles Palace, iu 
France, which i- eonsi I Ted one of the finest in the world. 
The Stuttgarter Castle is at present in very good condition 
both in and outside, and affords sufficient room for the 
childless king and queen of Wurttemberg. In front of this 
kingly resilience is what i- called the castle place, in the 
center of which i- tin' granite jubilee column, erected in 1841, 
at the celebration of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of 
King William of Wurttemberg. Between this column ami 
the cattle is a pavillion in which the military band plays some 
excellent selections "f music every day during the whole year, 
between the hours of 12 and I. Two ol the finest fountains 
lever saw, are situated on this place, one on each side of the 

pavillion, and while the band i- 'li- ir-ii ig sweet music these 

fountain- arc also in play. On one side of the COStle is a 
beautiful and very extensive garden in which shrubs ami 
flowers of nearly every variety are to be seen. There are 

a No beautiful works of sculpture, and nice ponds, abounding in 

gold-fish and other varieties of fish, arc to l.e seen. [ N (act, 

almost everything thai would Bpi ear line in ;, garden and that 
can be purchased, is to he found here. 

This garden extends between Stutfgarf and Cannstadt, and 

i> i- a very pleasant walk in tie- -bade between these two 

N ar the latter city, on an eminence overlooking part 

of the valley, is the old R n-tein, 

which was nsed by the father of the present king ass 



dence, but which is now more of a picture gallery than any- 
thing else. A railroad tunnel passes through the hill on 
which the castle stands, directly under the building. 

About ten minutes' walk from this structure brings us to the 
beautiful though small palace Wilhelma, which was built 
under the direction of King William, in the style of the 
Alhambra. The inside decorations of this building are very 
fine, and the gardens around the outside are laid off with 
excellent taste. 

Another place which had an attraction for me, and which 
was well worth the visit, was the museum of natural curi- 
osities, where every kind of stuffed birds and animals were to 
be seen, besides numerous other articles of a curious nature. 
Skeletons of mastodons, which have no doubt lain in the 
earth for thousands of years, have been exhumed iu different 
parts of the city and are now on exhibition in this museum, 
thus showing that even this part of the country was not 
devoid of life several thousand years ago. 

Many other interesting places, but which I will not now 
stop to describe, came under my observation ; suffice it to say 
that the appearance of Stuttgart pleased me more than that 
of any city I have yet seen since leaving my mountain home. 
While in this place I also enjoyed myself exceedingly, both 
in sight-seeing and in visiting the good Saints. 

The time for my departure having arrived, I boarded the 
train for Switzerland, in the finest rail-road station in the 
world, which is here in Stuttgart. Shortly after starting, I 
entered into conversation with a fellow-traveier, and among 
other things, we came upon the subject of religion. I soon 
discovered that this person did not belong to any church, and 
was what his Christian (?) fellows would call an infi lei. He 
said he had examined many religions, had seen their cere- 
monies and actions, and, after all, had come to the conclusion 
that most of the ministers of the day were hypocrites. He 
had also, finally, come to the conclusion to leave all the churches 
and denominations entirely alone, to live an honest and 
upright life, endeavoring to assist his fellow-men when in 
trouble, and then to leave the result with God. 

In order to accomplish this, he had devoted himself to the 
task of reclaiming those men who, by evil deeds, had brought 
themselves into prison. These men he would hire to work iu 
his somewhat extensive manufactory, and would endeavor, by 
honest labor, to reclaim them from their past life of sin. His 
method was to treat these convicts with kindness, and win 
them if possible in that way; if that would not do, he tried 
strictness which oftentimes proved successful. He admitted 
that some few persons he had never been able to reform, but 
in most cases his endeavors were crowned with success, and 
now many of these reclaimed convicts cannot give expression 
to the gratitude which fills their hearts for being taught how 
to live on the earth. One instance was related by this 
philanthropist where he had taken a man who had killed 
another (if in self-defense or not, I do not know), and who 
had been sentenced to many years imprisonment. After souic 
little time this prisoner, by good acts and diligence, grew in 
the favor and confidence of his employer, ami at i lie present 
time, so 1 was informed by my companion, he could entrust 
everything he possessed in his care, knowing that this convict 
would be true to i he tru-t reposed in him. 

I could n Ol but admire the course of this nian, and only 

wished that there were many more such persons in the world. 
I informed I li i - man where I came from, what my object was 

in being here, and then cave him my humble testimony. 
Willi this he seemed to fully coincide, and as we had now 






^m 




as 



J" TT 'VEIN" I LIE IITSTBTJGTOR, 



21 



arrived at a place where we must separate, he gave me his 
card aDd expressed the desire to have me call on him if I 
should ever come near his home, which I shall assuredly 
endeavor to do. 

On arriving in Bern once more, I was pleased to meet two 
new missionaries who had just arrived from Utah a few days 
previously. Both these brethren have relatives living in 
Babylon, and they felt exceedingly glad to have the oppor- 
tunity of coming here to bear their testimony to their friends, 
relatives and countrymen. It also afforded me much pleasure 
to have the opportunity of greeting and conversing with 
those who could tell me how affairs were progressing in the 
valleys of the mountains, among the Saints of God. 
{To be Continued.) 
<■ » ■ — 

HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



( Continued from page 2). 



THE energy which was displayed in building the Temple 
exasperated the adversary and those under his influence, 
and they were determined to stop its progress. Satan hates 
a people who have the Holy Priesthood and who build Tem- 
ples to the Most High, and he marshals all his forces against 
them. He knows that every such building is a fortress erected 
in the heart of what has been his dominion, and if finished and 
allowed to stand, it will prove the means of overthrowing his 
power. Hence, rather than have Temples built, he would 
drench the earth with the blood of the Saints. This is the 
secret of the opposition which, as we write, is brought to bear 
against the seivants and Saints of God in these mountains. 
The servants of God have been inspired to urge the Saints to 
build the Temple in this city, and also to erect others in the 
Territory. This makes Satan and his followers angry, and to 
prevent these labors being accomplished they would not hesi- 
tate to imprison and even kill, if they had the power, Presi- 
dent Taylor, his Counselors, the Apostles and other faithful 
Elders. But the Lord commands Temples to be built, and 
though the devil rages and tries to prevent, they will yet bo 
erected in great numbers, and in them the Saints will attend 
to ordinances for themselves and their ancestors and friends. 
There will be a contest for the supremacy ; but the Lord and 
His people will gain the victory and Satan will be stripped of 
his usurped power. 

From their retreats, where they had secreted themselves to 
avoid beiDg arrested, President Young and his fellow Apostles 
came forth on the morning of Saturday, the 24th of May, 1845, 
to lay the cap-stone on the south-east corner of the Temple. 
This was a joyous occasion, and the number assembled to wit- 
ness the ceremony was very large. Enemies and apostates bad 
freely predicted that the work on the Temple would be stop- 
ped, and the building never be finished. But the Saints had 
not been discouraged, in the midst of poverty, sickness, attacks 
from mobs, suffering from the murder of their- Prophet and 
Patriarch and the desertion of false brethren. They had perse- 
vered, putting their trust in God who bad called them to per- 
form this labor, and now they were gladdened by witnessing 
the interesting spectacle of the laying of the last stone necessary 
to complete the walls. It was truly a day of thanksgiving and 
prai-e, and the Saints lelt in the spirit which they enjoyed that 
they had been abundantly rewarded for all their ■/. :al and per- 
severance. The singers sung their sweetest notes, their voices 
thrilled the hearts of the assemblage, and the music of the 



band, which played on the occasion, never sounded more musi- 
cal and charming than on that occasion ; and when President 
Young placed the stone in its position, and said: "The last 
stone is now laid upon the Temple, and I pray the Almighty, 
in the name of Jesus to defend us in this place and sustain us 
until the Temple is finished and we have all got our endow- 
ments;" and the whole congrega' ion shouted "Hosanna. Hos- 
anna, Hosanna, to God and the Lamb, Amen, Amen and 
Amen," and repeated these words the second and third time, 
the Spirit of God descended upon the people, gladness filled 
every heart and tears of joy coursed down many cheeks. The 
cries of praise were uttered with earnestness and fervor ; it 
was a relief to many to be thus able to give expression to the 
feelings with which their hearts were overcharged. Altogether 
the scene was a every impressive one, and we doubt not that 
angels looked upon it and rejoiced. 

President Young concluded the ceremonies by saying . "So 
let it be, the Lord Almighty. This is the seventh day of the 
week or the Jewish Sabbath. It is the day on which the 
Almighty finished His work and rested from His labors. We 
have finished the walls of the Temple and may rest to-day from 
our labors " He thendimissed the Wurkmen for the day, and 
requested them to spend the time in giving thanks to God. 
The congregation then dispersed, and he and his brethren of 
the Twelve Apostles retired to their places of retreat. 

In a letter written by Governor Ford to President Young, 
under date of April 8th, 1845, he stated that the impression 
on the public mind everywhere was, that the leaders of the 
Latter-day Saints were impostors and rogues and that the 
others were dupes and fools. This was the reason he assigned 
for their considering and treating the Saints as enemies and 
outcasts, as men to be cherished and trusted in nothing, be- 
cause, in their estimation, some of them were deluded and 
others designing in matters of religion. "If," said he, "you 
can get off by j ourselves, you may enjoy peace; but surround- 
ed by such neighbors, I confess that I do not foresee the time 
when you will be permitted to enjoy quiet. I was informed 
by General Joseph Smith last summer that he contemplated 
a removal west ; and from what I learned from him and others 
at that time, I think if he had lived, he would have begun to 
move in the matter before this time. I would be willing to 
exert all my feeble abilities and influence to further your views 
in this respect if it was the wish of your people. 

"I would suggest a matter in confidence. California now 
offers a field for the prettiest enterprise that has been under- 
taken in modern times. It is but sparsely inhabited, and by 
none but the Indian or imbecile Mexican -Spaniards. I have 
not inquired enough to know how strong it is in men and means. 
But this we know, that if conquered from Mexico, that country 
is so physically weak and morally distracted, that she could 
never send a force there to reconquer it. Why would it not be 
a pretty operation for your people to go out there, take posses- 
sion of and conquer a portion of the vacant country and estab- 
lish an independent government of your own, subject only to 
the laws of nations? You would remain there a longtime be- 
fore you would be disturbed by the proximity of other settle- 
ments. If you conclude to do this, your design ought not to 
be known, or otherwise it would become the duty of the United 
States to prevent your emigration. But if you once cross the 
line of the United States' territories, you would be in no dan- 
ger of being interfered with." 

This course was suggested by others as well as he, and lead- 
ing men in the nation thought it the only possible solution of 
what they called the "Mormon question." They were willing 



5) 



m^. 




3K 



'*&€& 



22 



J-TJ"^T3±]lNri31jE I1TSTBTJCTOE. 



^ 



to promise us any amount of land belonging to Mexico, and 
some were even in favor of letting us Lave a portion of Oregon 
to settle upon, the possession'of which they were willing that 
we should have for all time, if we would only move there. 
We did come to California, for when the pioneers reached this 
valley of Salt Lake it was a part of Upper California and be 
longed to Mexico ; but we canie peaceably, and occupied the 
country without violence. A battalion of five hundred of our 
brethren helped to bring all this Territory, all Nevada and 
California into the possession of the United States. They 
volunteered as soldiers, were marched afoot from Council Bluffs 
across the continent to the Pacific Ocean, and acquired all this 
region by right of conquest. Bat the Saints did not accept 
Governor Ford's suggestion and etablish an independent gov- 
ernment of their own. They loved their country, its institu- 
tions, its constitution and laws ; and though they had suffered 
persecution and violence, their leaders had been killed, and 
they had been driven from their homes by mobs, they were 
still willing to contend for their rights in the government and 
not outside of it : and, therefore, made no attempts to set up 
an independent government. 

(To be Continued.) 



^f orrcsjjotttlence. 



St. Louis, Mo., 

December 31, 1881. 

Elder '■ ' Lambert, 

Dear Brother:— Some time having elapsed since 
writing you last, we thought a few lines would be acceptable to 
yourself and the readers of the Instructor. 

The time of your humble servants for the last three or four 
months has been spent chiefly in St. Louis. The various 
duties of our calling have been such as to prevent very frequent 
correspondence with many of our numerous friends in the peace- 
ful vales ot our mountain homes. 

Raiment, shelter, food and good health, with many friends, are 
among the copious blessings which are vouchsafed unto us by our 
Heavenly Father. More than these, we try to appreciate the 
influence and companionship of the Holy Spirit which has 
attended our ministrations, and without which our labors would 
all be in vain. These blessings spiritual and temporal, cause 
our hearts to rejoice, for they plainly Indicate that God is bless- 
ing our humble efforts to disseminate a knowledge of the gospel 

among this | pie. 

When we first came to St. Louis, it appeared almost impossible 
to awaken an interest in tbe minds of any, excepting a few mem- 
ben of the Church. But. as we proceed with our labor-, we 
find a few, in the midst of Beveral hundred thousand, who are 
willing, at least, to lour what we have to siiy, and there may bo 
many others in thi- place, for aught we know, who will yet 
hearken to the truth. 

Those who 'ire investigating, attend our meetings, and at their 

hoi re>d President Morgan's tracts, tbe Voice of Warning 

and other publications of the Church. 

Regarding the general condition of many in this great city, 
there -..-in- to I"' a parallel of depravity between the moral, 

; and religious l ! appeares to us, 

that during the long ages of ilarkt which have intervened 

fr..ui the days of our Savior to those of J ph Smith the l'rophet, 

Hn.l till the present time, that false doctrines and corrupt prai 
been introduced among the people in such a wa' 

■ ■ almost unconi sly, bo thai being moulded in 

tbe errors of the ages, they ln.,k npon many evils in religious 
malt- Dg right, and upon lOCial degradation ii- a thing 



of naught. Under these circumstances, it is not uncommon to meet 
with men who are professedly shocked at the Bible doctrine of 
marrying more wives than one, while they say little or nothing 
against the prostitution and kindred evils that exist in their own 
cities. Ministers, too, with fiery zeal, belching forth their venom 
against the faith and practices of the Latter-day Saints, appear 
totally blind to the fact that the patriarchs and prophets, Christ 
and the apostles plainly condemned all manner of social evils. 
Yet there is not a word to be found in the sacred volume 
from Genesis to Revelation, that censures the patriarchal order of 
plural marrige, but on the other hand, it records the divine sanc- 
tion, and laws revealed to govern that principle, blessing those 
who carried it out by the ministration of holy angels, the reve- 
lations of the Holy Ghost, and making an eternal covenant, that 
in polygamic Abraham and his posterity all the families of 
the earth should be blessed. The Redeemer of the world 
himself came through the lineage of the polygamic fathers, 
which is plainly stated in few words in the first verse of the 
.New Testament: "The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, 
the son of David, the son Abraham." 

This is plain, but Paul, after stating that the "man ii not with- 
out the woman, nor the woman without the man in the Lord," 
as if to place the divine nature of this sacred principle beyond 
all controversy, says: "If ye be Christ's then are ye Abra- 
ham's seed and heirs according to the promise." "What must 
be the situation of men who deny the purity of Abraham's 
family organization, yet profess to be "joint heirs with Jesus 
Christ!" No wonder the Savior said, "There shall be weeping 
and gnashing of teeth, when ye see Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, 
and the prophets in the kingdom of God and ye yourselves 
thrust out.'' And still farther: "And I say unto you that many 
shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with 
Abraham and Isaac and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven. But 
the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer dark- 
ness, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth." 

The following extracts from the journal of Elder George C. 
Parkinson may be interesting. They relate to a visit made by 
himself and Elder George E. Howe to the City of Mexico, 
Audrain County, Missouri : 

"Tuesday, November 1st, 1881, Elder George E. Howe and 
mvself took train at 9 a. m. for Mexico, Missouri, where we 
safely arrived at 1:50 p. m. Wo found my grandfather and family 
all well. I had never seen grandfather before, but recognized 
him at once. We spent the afternoon and evening in a pleasant 
conversation, explaining the first principles of the gospel, which 
seemed to be something uncommon, but interesting to them. 
After commending ourselves to God and thanking Him for our 
safe arrival, we retired to rest for the night. 

"Wednesday, 2nd, we arose early, ate breakfast, and walked 
out in hope of obtaining a house in which to hold meeting, and 
on inquiring for the mayor of the city, we wore directed to the 

resident '' Hr. •'• C. Bassford. We found him at homo and 

were kindly received. After stating our business, a pleasant 
conversation ensued. Having no house at his disposal, he kindly 
directed us to Messrs. Locke and Woodward, the clerk and 
sheriff of the County, who held in charge the large court-house. 
These officers treated us kindly until they were informed of tho 
object of our mis-ion. they then said t.hey did not propose to 
have the house used for such a purpose, that they had heard 
enough of thi' 'Mormons,' polygamy, 'Joe Smith,' etc. 

"We then bore our testimony to them and proceeded further to 
procure a house, and on meeting the mayor again, he kindly 
informed us that Mr. G. Kabrich, an influential merchant, 
owned the opera house, which was very convenient and often 
used tor public worship. Proceeding to his house, we found tho 
gentleman sick in bed. He Was quite plea-ant, but refused us 
the u-e of the bouse by saying he had no u-e for such a people. 
We then mad.- ,,ur way to grandfather's, where we partook of a 
hearty supper, and pleasantly -pent another evening, the time 
being occupied in singing hymns and explaining the gospel, 
after which we retired for the night 



Sjtoa 



£&*§£ 




.ttj'vtein'iiLiE ie-strtjctob, 



S3 




"Thursday, 3rd, feeling anxious to make our visit profitable to 
the honest-in-heart of that city as well as to ourselves, we 
determined to renew our energies to procure a house for meet- 
ing. We first called on the Reverend M. Grassly, of the Pres- 
byterian Church, who, it appears, had nothing to do with the 
house. He referred us to Col. Hutton, editor of the Daily 
Intelligencer, as one of a committee. After walking a few blocks 
and ascending a flight of stairs, we found the editor engaged at 
his desk. Being seated, we made known our business, when he 
very indignantly refused to let the 'sacred place' be polluted in 
sueh a way. He made several attempts to overthrow the doc- 
trine we teach by scriptural quotations, which, however, turned 
in our favor, and, as our words were attended by the Holy Spirit, 
he was confounded. Like all others, whose sentiments and con- 
duct are averse to the truth, he resorted to slander and libel. 
We explained our views in regard to our position as a people, 
which, I believe, had due weight. Bidding him good-day, and 
feeling that we had discharged our duty, we went to the rail- 
road depot. Here we were interviewed by a 'pencil pusher,' 
after which we took the train for St. Louis at 1:30 p. m., where 
we arrived at 6:5 p. m. and met Brother Cowley at the depot. 

"A few days later, my grandfather sent us a copy of the 
Mexico Daily Intelligencer, containing the following article: 

" 'Elders George C. Parkinson and George E. Howe, repre- 
sentatives of the so-called Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, are in the city to-day and paid us a visit. They are 
seeking a place in which to hold public services, as they call it. 
They ask that one of the churches of the city be opened to 
them, that they may publicly pervert the scriptures, insult God 
and decent people, in an attempt to proselyte to their infamous 
dogmas, damnable heresies and vile indecencies of Mormonism. 
The good-looking, God-defying gentlemen are both young men 
of pleasant address and average intelligence, and seem to be 
earnest in the work of their mission. They will perhaps accom- 
plish but little in this part of the State. The people are too 
intelligent to be humbugged by such folly.' " 

The foregoing mildly suggests the unjust feeling entertained by 
many men professedly intelligent towards the people of God. 
While we feel sometimes a little indignant at the insults and asper- 
sions hurled at the Latter-day Saints, on reflecting in regard to 
their situation, we feel sory in that they are so bigoted and closed 
to the light of truth and the things of God whom they ignorantly 
profess to worship. 

We hope to have an interest in the faith and prayers of those 
dwelling in the peaceful vales of Utah, and may our Father in 
heaven inspire the hearts of the children of Zion to seek after 
truth and the things of God, that they may become competent 
auxiliaries in the establishment of justice and right on the earth, 
is the sincere prayer of three who are interested in the welfare 
of the human family, 

Geo. E. Howe, 
Geo. C. Parkinson, 
M. F. Cowley. 



Carsfork, Letcher Co., Ky., 

December 24th, 1881. 
Elder George C. Lambert, 

Dear Brother: — Since I wrote to you from Pike- 
ville, we have traveled a great deal, held a good many little 
meetings, allayed much prejudice and made a host of friends. 

We worked our way over into Wise County, Virginia, and 
held one meeting. We had some opposition there, like we get 
everywhere else, but many friends, and when we left, they 
would have us promise them we would come back again. The 
blessing promised upon our heads : that if we would be faithful, 
we should have friends wherever we went, is being verified. 
God does open the way before us and raise up friends among 
enemies, and is with us on every side, so we may go forth and 
teach the people of the judgment which is to come. The 
Elders who go forth into the nations of the earth get no remu- 
neration, so far as this world is concerned, and would not 



enjoy their labors like they do, if it was not for the Lord pour- 
ing out His Spirit upon them and blessing them in their weak- 
ness. He uses them as instruments in His hands in bringing 
about His great work in these the last days, that righteousness 
and truth may sweep the earth as with a flood, that the honest- 
in-heart may partake of the principles of life and salvation and 
be gathered out from among the wicked and stand .in holy 
places and be not moved, for the day of the Lord cometh. 

The truth of God will go forth boldly, nobly and independ- 
ently, till it has penetrated every continent and sounded in 
every ear; till the purposes of God shall be accomplished and 
the Great Jehovah shall say the work is done. 

Praying for the work of God to roll forth, that Israel may 
be gathered, and that Zion may be built up, so the Saints may rest 
for a thousand years. I remain 

Tour brother in the gospel, 

Daniel Densley, Jr. 



"CLDER MARK HALL, writing to Brother George Wild- 
•*-' ing of this city, from Manhatten, Putnam County, 
Indiana, under date of December 28th, says: 

"I have much pleasure in traveling and preaching in this part 
of the country. I preached in this country thirty years ago and 
I am the last 'Mormon' Elder that has been in this country 
until now and they are very anxious to have me preach. All 
of the newspapers advertize my meetings, and so I am known 
all over the country, and men advertize in the newspapers for 
me to come and preach in their cities, and offer to furnish me a 
house to preach in. I generally aim for the largest houses, and 
•then I have them well filled. Many of the people say they 
never saw a 'Mormon' before, and come and shake hands 
with me and invite me to go home with them. 

"There is a good opening here for preaching; I could not ask 
for a better place. They offer me a horse and saddle to ride. 
There are now some invitations for me to go and preach, but 
this is not my field of labor, so I must not stop any longer here. 
I will start in three or four days for New York. I hope 1 will 
find as good an opening there as I find here. The people tell 
me that 1 have got the whole country reading the Bible. Many 
of them tell me that I have changed their feelings towards the 
'Mormons,' so I hope all of my preaching has not been in vain. 
I am all alone here — no, I have made a mistake, for the Lord is 
with me and blesses me every time I stand up before the people 
to speak." 



Pleasures. — It is an error to imagine that devotion enjoins 
a total contempt of all the pleasures and amusements of human 
society. It checks, indeed, that spirit of dissipation which is 
too prevalent. It not only prohibits pleasures which are un- 
lawful, but likewise that unlawful degree of attachment to 
pleasures in themselves innocent, which withdraws the atten- 
tion of man from what is serious and important. But it brings 
amusement under due limitation, without extirpating it. It 
forbids it as the business, but permits it as the relaxation of 
life. For there is nothing in the spirit of true religion which 
is hostile to a cheerful enjoyment of our situation in the world. 



OrroRTUNlTY. — You do well to improve your opportunity ; 
to speak in the rural phrase, this is your sowing time, and the 
sheaves you look for can never be yours, unless you make that 
use of it. The color of our whole life is generally such as the 
three or four first years in which we are our own masters, make 
it. Then it is that we may be said to shape our own destiny, 
and to treasure up for ourselves a series of future successes or 
disappointments. 



y&^ 



o 



/23ys 



24 



CTTJ^TEIsrXLE HvTSTBTJGTOB. 



K 



- 



SHt^ Juvenile Jiuitnictor r 



GEORGE O,. CANNON, - 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS 




HE .season is now upon us which many 
* people devote very largely to pleasure- 
j seeking. Each season of the year is char - 
■N acterized by certain sources of enjoyment, 
\j for which it is peculiarly adapted. In 
addition to such out-door sports as skating 
and sleighing, the winter season is 
specially adapted, on account of its long 
evenings,to in-door amusements. We have 
no fault to find with anybody for seeking 
amusement. It is proper that it should be 
indulged in, moderately, of course. We may 
go to the extreme in almost everything, and it 
_ /■'£ is very easy to do so in pleasure- seeking. But. while we 
,'.>r „ould condemn that, we would not commend the 
example of the over-industrious person, who is so 
al curbed in business and the cares of life as to find no 
time for amusement. And still more would we copdemn that 
fakir-like class of person?, who, in their religious zeal, consider 
it necessary to spend their lives in the practice of austerities, 
and stifle the pleasure desiring attributes of their natures. 
Mankind represents the only species of all the creations of 
our Father, so far as we are aware, which is provided with 
the faculty of indulging in laughter. We are not endowed 
with thai Vacuity without a purpose. Though we are taught 
in the revelations of the Almighty that loud or excessive 
laughter is not pleasing to Him, we have no reason to sup- 
that weean please Bim by stifling the inclination to 
laugh or to indulge in pleasurable emotions. Seeking passing 
pleasure- is right, but it is not the sole, nor indeed the highest 
of life by any moans. But it is upon the manner of 
seeking pleasure that we want to Bay something. Persons 
and c immunities differ very widely in this particular, and 
character is as readily indicated in this as in anything else. 
j,.'. id as of enjoyment may be illustrated by the 
story that is told of the sailor, who, when asked by a person 
who felt obligated to him to nam- what he would like, said 
first "some rum." Beina assured that be could bave that, 
an 1 uked what else he would lik< . be replied "some tobaoco." 
"All rieht ' said his friend, "you can bave that; now what 
would you like?" "Well," said Jack," after scratching 
bis head for a moment, "I believe I'd take some more rum I" 
. know no higher enjoyment than the gratifi- 
cation of appetite affords in think of nothing 
1 to indulging in violent bodi ' . and 9uon p,. r . 

ff il] danc ntinuously for hours and become ecstatic 

over i'. hers rt.Hl other means ol enjoyment, vary- 

ing a, > temperament and circumstances in life, and 

perhaps still i on according to fashion. In past years in our 
valleys fashion has generally seemed to accord to dancing a 

prefer all '''"' r in-door amusements for the winter 

.,.:,.„, Dancing is very weUin its place. It is good bodily 



exercise. By it we may attain to grace of motion. But by 
it we cannot inform our minds, nor improve our intellectual 
faculties: It does not call these faculties into play. The 
most illiterate boor in the land might become a good dancer. 
If we would attain to the highest degree of enjoyment of 
which our natures are capable, we must seek it iu something 
that will furnish food for the mind as well as exercise or 
relaxation for the body. While we would not denounce danc- 
ing as a means of enjoyment, we would suggest that the 
young people of our community might very properly spend 
less time in dancing and more in intellectual enjoyment. And 
perhaps we might add that they could with profit spend less 
time in enjoyment and more in study. How many there are 
who spend all their leisure time in profitless pleasure-seeking, 
frittering away the time which, if put to good use, might fit 
them for honorable, useful and lucrative positions in society! 
How many there are who grow up in ignorance, while they 
spend more money and tar more time in pleasure-seeking 
than would be required to provide them with a good edu- 
cation! And yet by denying themselves the present pleasures 
ot a groveling nature which they indulge in, and devoting 
their energies to the acquirement of learning, they might be 
fitting themselves for enjoyment of a still higher nature. 
Many, very many avenues of pleasure are open to those who 
are cultivated intellectually, that are closed effectually to 
others on account of their iguorance. Among these may 
be mentioned the innumerable and varied pleasures which 
the reading of books affords, the practice of literary compo- 
sition, music in its various branches, and intelligent, instruct- 
ive and elevating conversation. Ignorant, illiterate people 
are not qualified to indulge in any such sources of enjoyment 
as these, and are almost forced in their pleasure-seeking to 
resort to those of a baser kind. 

We have been gratified to notice during recent years that 
concerts, lectures and other intellectual entertainments have 
in a great measure taken the place of the former invariable 
dancing, in the amusements of our young people, and we 
hope to see further and continual improvement in this 
direction, until Zion will lill the glorious destiny which has 
been predicted for her, and set an example to the world in 
all that is pure, useful, refining and exalting, 

A clear conscience and assurance that our course is approved 
by the Almighty, and, above all, the presence of the Holy 
Spirit, will tend to afford its pleasure, and without we live to 
enjoy these, our seeking for pleasure is like chasing our own 
shadow or grasping at bubbles thai vanish at our touch. 



ChbeRFUJ.NESS. — Be Cheerful, no matter what reverses 
obstruct your pathway, or what plagues follow in your trail to 
annoy you. Ask yourself what is to be gained by looking or 
sad when troubles throng around you, or how your 
condition is to 1" alleviated by abandoning yourself to de- 
spondency. Far better spend a whole life in diligent, aye. 
cheerful and unremitting toil, though you never attain the 
pinnacle of ambitious desires, than to turn back at tht 

appearance of uii-fiu t line, and allow despair to unnerve your 

energies, or sour your naturallj sweet and cheerful dispo- 
sition. 



Tiif sublimity of wisdom is to do those things living which 
are to be desired when dj ing. 



y^ 



55 



*&fe 



■ 

I 




CTTJ^EHsriLEl IUSTBTJOTOB, 



25 




A MOTHER'S FAITH. 



/ T V HE boy in the picture has,evidently been sick. He has 
* his head wrapped up as if he might be suffering from the 
mumps. People frequently subject themselves to sickness by 
their own folly or indiscretion. If we do not observe the laws 
of health, we may expect to suffer from sickness. We may 
impose upon and outrage nature for awhile and think to 
escape the conse- 

■I 



quence of it, but 
sooner or later 
nature revolts 
against such a 
course, and we 
are made to re- 
pent our folly by 
severe suffering. 
Even sickness 
serves a good pur- 
pose sometimes. 
By it we are made 
to feel our depen- 
dence upon the 
Almighty, which 
some people will 
only acknowledge 
in the last ex- 
tremity. About 
three years ago 
that dread dis- 
ease, diptheria, 
prevailed to an 
alarming extent in 
some portions of 
Salt Lake City, 
and physicians 
were baffled in 
their efforts to 
cope with its dire 
effects. Scores of 
parents were 
made to feel by 
sad expeirence 
how frail was 
their hope if they 
relied only upon 
the skill of doctors 
to save their chil- 
dren's lives. 
Scoies had the 
conviction forced 
upon them that 
nothing but the 
intervention of 
the Almighty 
would avail any- 
thing when that disease in a virulent form had fairly fastened 
itself upon a child, and that favor with God was worth more 
than all the medicines man ever compounded. Many instances 
occurred then in which persons were snatched from the very 
jaws of death in answer to the earnest prayers and persistent 
faith of their friends. The Apostle James, in writing to his 
brethren, recommended anyone who might be sick to call for 
the elders of the church, and let them pray over him, anoint- 



ing him with oil in the name of the Lord. And His promise 
was "the pr^er of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord 
shall raise hfen up." He further adds, "the effectual fervent 
prayer of-a rightous man availeth much." That these words 
of the apostle are correct in our day, thousands of grateful 
parents can testify, and testimonies might also be added of 
the efficacy of the "effectual fervent prayers of a righteous" 
woman; that they have been known to avail much, the follow- 
ing will serve to 
illustrate: 

Living in Salt 
Lake Uity at the 
time of the dread- 
ed epidemic be- 
fore mentioned 
was a very worthy 
widow, with two 
children, a boy and 
a girl. Her hus- 
band had not been 
very long dead, 
and she had hard 
ly become used to 
shifting for her- 
self, when both 
her children were 
taken sick. She 
was of a very 
modest, retiring 
disposition and 
rather independ- 
ent withal, and so 
she said nothing 
o her neighbors 
bout her 

roubles, but 
pplied such sim- 
ple remedi. s as 
herownjudj.ment 
or instinct sug- 
gested, not know- 
ing the nature of 
the malady by 
which they were 
affected, and not 
doubting but they 
would be all right 
again in a few 
days. But as 
time wore on, in- 
stead of getting 
better they gradu- 
ally grew worse, 
and the terrible 
ulcers in their 
throats and other dread symptoms alarmed her for their 
safety. 

Chancing to read in a paper something about diptheria, 
she was horrfied to find that the account given of the worst 
form of the malady agreed exactly with the symptoms of her 
children, and that they were already in an advanced stage of 
the disease. She was opposed to having a doctor. She had 
always accepted the admonition of James. But she knew 





S$ 




3£ 



_ *&wb 



Sri 



26 



uTJ^rEnsriiLjE iitstr-uotor, 



that many of her neighbors had great dread of the diptheria, 
and feared that they might hesitate about rendering any 
assi.-tanee if she asked it. She also disliked to be the means 
of spreading the contagion by calling others in and expo.-ing 
them to it, and. with heroic resolution, she decided to fight 
it out alone and appeal to God for help. With all the fervor 
that a mother's love can inspire when death menaces those 
who are dearer to her than life, she knelt beside her chil- 
dren and entreated the Lord to spare their lives. With a feeling 
of relief, and serenity and confidence, such as only the Spirit 
of God can bring to a person, she arose and ministered to 
them such simple medicines as her humble home afforded. 
She felt an assurance that her prayer would be granted, and 
it was. Her neighbors knew nothing of the trying ordeal 
through which she had passed until the children were conva- 
lescent and her boy was able to sit up and eat spoon victuals 
as we see the boy in the picture doing. Then it was apparent 
how near death's door they had been, for the disease had so 
eaten away the palate, roof of the mouth and tonsils of each 
of them that it was a long time before they could talk plainly. 
It is to be hoped, those children, as they grow up, will not 
forget the deliveiance that was wrought out for them, and 
that they will emulate the faith of their mother. 



SUNDAY SCHOOL REVIEWS. 

A Sunday school Review consists of recitations by individ- 
ual scholars, or in concert by classes. Sometimes, indeed, 
the entire school takes part simultaneously, as in repeating 
the "Word of Wisdom," or "Articles of Faith," which I 
have sometimes heard ; also in answering questions from 
printed cards containing portions of Biblical history, etc., or 
from the history of the Church in our own day, prepared by 
the teacher. Musical exercises, comprising solos, duets, 
quartettes, and concert singing by the entire school also form 
a part. 

These exercises are usually intermingled with short addresses 
of about Hve minutes duration by prominent visitors present 
on the occasion. 

In witnessing many of these reviews I have been led to 

admire the wisdom and judgment displayed by the teachers in 

their selection of suitable matter for the children to learn 

and commit to memory; not only for recitation, but also in 

Kings. 

There is always a good -pirit present on these occasions, and 
every scholar taking part seems imbued with a destTe to do 
his very best, and every one present — superintendent, teaeh- 
bildren and visitors have their countenances lit up with 
joy and satisfaction as they listen to the pleasing exercises in 
such a mingled variety. 

Bucb exercises not only tend to strengthen the memory of 
the children, bul to store their minds with useful knowledge. 
By such practice, the children also acquire confidence in speak 
iDg and singing before the public, and improve their vocal 
powers by takin-' part in solos, duet-, quartettes, etc. 

These reviews also prove a great attraction to the parents 
of the children, wlio turn Out iii greater numbers than on any 
other occasion connected with our Sunday schools. Hence, 
they are ■< blessing to them as well as the children. The 
gnperintendi nl and teachers also feel strengthened and 
encouraged in their labor of love, when they see an appreci- 
ative audien the joy that such exhibitions always 



afford, and, above all, when they enjoy the rich outpouring of 
the Spirit of God, which always accompanies a group of 
innocent children taught and trained in the principles of the 
gospel. 

Our aim in preparing for Sunday school reviews should 
always be to accomplish the greatest good to the greatest 
number, rather than to make a prominent display of individual 
talent. If possible every child in the school should take 
part in some exercise or other, so that all may feel interested 
on these public occasions. This, ol course, will necessitate class 
or concert exercises more than individual ones, though the 
latter should by no means be enrirely discarded; but, to do 
justice to both, lengthy selections should be avoided. The 
exercises proper in a review, should never exceed an hour 
and a half; these with a fevf interspersed five-minute addresses 
will complete an interesting entertainment, that will be highly 
appreciated. 

Selections for recitations and songs may be made from the 
Bible, Testament, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, 
Key to Theology, Jaques' Catechism, Faith-Promoting Series, 
Juvenile Instructor and Deseret Sunday School Union 
publications, besides a variety of historical and doctrinal cards 
in questions and answers, kept at the Juvenile Instructor 
office. From these sources, all the variety necessary for Sunday 
school exercises may be abundantly obtained. Religious 
monotony should be carefully avoided in catering for children, 
to prevent a careless indifference, or. what is worse, an utter 
distaste for everything of a sacred character, which is very 
hard to overcome. 

Children are naturally fond of variety, and our reviews 
should always be seasoned with sufficieut of the mirthful, not 
only to avoid weariness but to keep up an unbroken interest 
to the end, and make all feel, from the oldest to the youngest, 
a benefit from being present. 

We have somtitnes heard, from a very young child, a short, 
but pleasing and witty recitation that has fairly convulsed the 
entire audience with pleasing and cheerful emotions; there- 
fore, to be successful in our efforts, to benefit and bless our 
children, we must untitle in our instruction something to 
amuse and interest them. But while we are seeking to avoid 
too much gravity on the one hand, we must be v'ety careful 
not to introduce levity on the other, for that would be simply 
exchanging one evil for another which would be more difficult 
to cope with. 

When reviews were first introduced here, in the 17th Ward 
Sunday school, they were held four times a year, hence the 
title they assumed of "Quarterly Reviews," but experience 
soon taught us that twice a year was quite often enough, and 
in some schools an annual or yearly review was preferable, 
but in this matter the wisdom of the superinteudent and 
teachers can decide. 

At one of the reviews I lately visited, the teachers of both 
sexes were called upon to inaugurate the exercises by Standing 
in a semicircle before the audience and answering questions 
put to, them by tin: superintendent on the different dispen- 
sations. This was done on the principle that we should 
never ask others to do what we are unwilling to do our- 
selves. This is a good, wholesome doctri >c, and to encourage 
others we will find that i cample goes farther than precept. 

These few suggestion are especially intended for the benefit 
of those having charge of Sunday schools a- superintendents 
and teachers in all the Stakes of Zion, and that in carefully 
perusing them, the enlightening influence of the Spirit of 
God may enable them to gather something that will result in 



*l^ 



m 




CTTT^TIEIlsriljIE] IITSTRUOTOE;. 



27 




good to the children of the Saints, and glory to God our 
Heavenly Father, is the earnest prayer and desire of your 
co-laborer in the cause of Sunday schools, 

George Goddard, 

Asst. Supt. D. S. S. Union. 



OBEDIENCE 



BY W. J. 



OBEDIENCE is a true, important and eternal principle; 
hut it may he regarded by some persons as old, hack- 
neyed, and common-place. I admit its age, for it is eternal. 
I concede, also, that it is often referred to, but not oftener 
than necessary, for it should be taught daily. But 1 do not 
admit that it is as common-place as it ought to be, for it should 
be universal. 

Obedience is necessary in the family, the community, the 
city, the county, the territory, the nation and the world. 
There is no harmony without it. Order is produced by it. 
Peace is another of its products. Confidence is closely associ- 
ated with it, and confidence is the offspring of righteousness. It 
may be exacted by tyrants, and rendered through fear. But 
the kind of obedience we like, which we love to render, and 
which we consider the genuine article, is that which is pro- 
duced by a love for itself, a love for the principle and person 
to be obeyed, and an earnest desire to obtain the benefits to 
be derived from the constant and righteous practice of obedi- 
ence to all just requirements and correct principles. 

It may be argued that we are not obligated to obey those 
who unrighteously require our obedience, or who may require 
it improperly. This depends upon circumstances. We may 
be under oath or covenant to obey, and have but little option 
in the matter ; and, as a rule, it is safest to obey and risk the 
results. For example : we are required to pay taxes, and our 
oath or birth, as citizens, obligates us to do so. The officer 
who assesses our property, or he who collects the tax may 
perforin the duty uncivilly, distastefully, partially, or, in some 
minor detail, not strictly in accordance with the provisions of 
law; and those officers, into whose hands those taxes may 
pass for disbursement, may not expend them as wisely and as 
economically as we think public officers should do — and our 
eyes and interest naturally follow our contributions to the 
public treasury, which is right and proper in every good 
citizen, although our responsibility ceases with their payment 
— and in consequence of this we do not feel in the humor to 
pay our taxes, aud we will not and do not do so, thus sub- 
jecting ourselves to the penalty for not doing so, which, as a 
rule, we cannot easily escape. 

On the other hand, if we obey the requirements of lawi 
although the circumstances named make it very unpleasant to 
do so, we escape penalties. We deserve the reward of law- 
abiding citizens. We are clear; and the responsibility of 
improper conduct, and a nuisance of the public purse, rests 
where it belongs. Obedience to just laws, whether of God 
or man, is, therefore, invariably the best and safest ; and the 
results thereof need not be dreaded, neither in time nor in 
eternity. 

There are many advantages to be derived from this prin- 
ciple of obedience, and one very important advantage is this: 
We obtain the benefit of the experience of others. Children 



may not think so. They are not capacitated nor expected to 
think as much as some of their seniors. But when their 
parents give them good advice, they give them the benefit of 
their experience; at least, this is the benefit they offer. They 
have burnt their fingers, and would like to save their children 
the sufferings which this causes. They show them what to 
shun, and what to observe. They have sinned and suffered, 
they have done right and rejoiced, and they would ward off 
the sorrow and bless with the joy; hence they advise, and 
obedience proves the value of their advice. 

Many public instructors, orally and through the public 
press, labor to impart to their fellow men the benefits of their 
experience, giving them the privilege of learning by the 
experience of others. The servants of God expend their 
energies to induce the children of men to avoid the sorrow 
and experience the joy, 

"By shunning every evil way, 

And walking in the good," 

thus giving them the benefits of their experience. 

Obedience was enjoined by the Lord Himself — He who has 
trod the path of mortality--He who was "made perfect 
through suffering" — He who, like a kind father who is ever 
watching over his little ones — pleads with the children of 
men to honor His laws, to keep His commandments, and to 
live by every word that proceedeth out of His mouth to them, 
thus giving them the advantages of His experience, so that 
they may escape the sorrows of disobedience in this world 
and in the world to come, and enjoy a fruition of the rewards 
of obedience, viz : 'life eternal and bliss eternal in the celes- 
tial mansions of Him who is the Great Exemplar of obedience. 

Volumes might be written on this homely but very impor- 
tant principle, showing the results of its observance or non- 
observance, but in a short article it can only be briefly alluded 
to; therefore, we cannot enlarge, but merely add a little 
advice. 

As obedience to just laws and to properly constituted 
authority, whether of earth or heaven, underlies our safety 
and happine.-s in this life and in that which is to come, we 
say to the joung, obey your parents; obey the just laws and 
officers of your country ; honor and obey the laws and officers 
of the living and true God, and your reward shall be great on 
earth. And when your mortal toils .ire o'er, you shall receive 
the welcome plaudit of the willing and obedient: "Well done, 
good and faithful" son and daughter, enter into the celestial 
rest and glory prepared for you ere "the foundation of the 
earth was laid, or the morning stars sang together, or the sons 
of God shouted for joy." 

Should you your parents disobey, 
By walking in some evil way; 
Your teacher's precepts disregard, 
Your own advancement thus retard; 

The Priesthood's teachings fail to heed, 
God's Spirit lose in time of need; 
The will of God refuse to do — 
Of other sins be guiltj - , too — 

How will you stand before the Lord, 
When He shall judge and give reward ? 
"When He shall judge and punish, too, 
Those who refuse His will to do? 

Then to God's laws obedient be, 
The path of sin and sorrow flee, 
And joys celestial you shall gain, 
While immortality shall reign. 



m&* 




iF% 



J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE IITSTBUCTOR, 




REVIEW OF AN ACTIVE LIFE. 



BY G. G. 



[ Continued from qage 6.) 

SOON after I arrived in London, 1 obtained a situation in a 
large tea establishment in King William Street, leading 
to London Bridge, where about forty young men were 
engaged. 

One day, while at supper, I listened to a conversation between 
two of them on the subject of temperance. One advocated 
the moderate use of strong drink as essential to health, the 
other maintained that wat er was the most natural, and best 
suited to health under all conditions of life. It was very 
interesting to rn», and brought many serious reflections to my 
mind. We were supplied with the best London porter at our 
meals, and I was very fond of it. The arguments used by the 
water advocate brought conviction to my mind of their truth, 
and to believe one thing and practice another savored too 
much of hypocrisy for me to brook. There was no alternative 
for me, as an honest man, but to deny myself the use of that 
which my ta-te had acquired such a relish for, namely. Lon- 
don porter, aud henceforth to use water as my general 
beverage. From that hour, and during the twelve years I 
remained in the old country, T never tasted a drop of intoxi- 
cating drink of any kind. 

I thus began in early life to educate myself in the princi- 
ple of self-denial, and can truthfully and earnestly recommend 
it i > the young of both sexes in this community. To be a 
slave to one's appetite and to be catering to a vitiated taste, 
is the worst kind of Blavery that intelligent beings can be 
subj icted to 

While in London, I usually attended the ministry of the 
Reverend Howard Hinton, pa-tor of the Particular Baptist 
I ch, in Devonshire Square, Bishopgate St., and by him 
was baptized by immi o( for the remission of sins, but 

as an i i' rard sign of an inward spiritual grace. I thus 
I, - - 1 1 1 1 1 :i memb r of that religious body of professing 
Christians. 1 was al-o a member of the Total Abstinence 
Society, which many of the ministers of the day were much 
ming total abstinence far more rigid and 
self-denying than was necessary For the reclamation of drunk- 
ar Is. 

A question soon arose, which was freely discussed, on the 
fermented or in - property of wine when in use for 

tie -! I's Supper, and the impropriety of 

members of thi Total Ab^inei - using it 

I v. i- inc who t""k that extreme view that it was improper, 
and. from >sed the cup to my neigh- 

bur, rclusin lyself. 

My father's feelings were severely tried by my leaviiiv the 
Establi-dn ' and joining the Baptists, and then by 

ing i total abstainer from the u f all intoxicating 

drinks. And not having ibit of using tobacco, 

when I paid him an ' »uld neither join him 

with a pipe noi rumor brandy, which he was 

in the habit of indulging in illy, though he never 

took 'jther tO I . 

\ apply of those drinks was always kept -it home, and 
after the business cares of the day, my father and mother 

would take their glass of warm or Cold gin and water, and he 

would also -moke his pipe f. ng to bed. It was a 

national custom, to a itent, and my refusal to join 

them was attributed to a desire to be eccentric, and 1 was 



considered very unsociable in company. Social life was so 
interwoven by the use of stimulants in that country that any- 
one who opposed the custom, either in theory or practice, 
rendered himself a very unpopular individual, and I was one 
of them. 

After residing in London three years, I returned to my 
native town, Leicester, and shortly afterwards, by the assist- 
ance of my father, commenced business as a grocer and pro- 
vision dealer. This was in the year 1839, and I was 
twenty-four years of age. 

I very much needed a helpmeet. Bachelor life was very 
inconvenient, and not being an expert.in domestic economy, 
the rooms I ate and slept in soon presented a very untidy 
appearance. During my three years absence from home, a 
mutual correspondence had been kept up with the young 
maiden of my choice in early youth, and I was favored with 
an occasional visit from her. Now that I was in business, 
she became an eyewitness to the wretched condition of my 
bachelor life, and we were both sensibly convinced that it was 
not good for man to be alone. So, on the 10th day of Sep- 
tember, 1839, we were married in the St. Margaret Church, 
Leicester, by a clergyman of the Church of England, she 
having been a faithful member of that church for many 
years. 

To avoid separating ourselves on Sunday, by one going to 
the Church of England and the other to the Baptist's, she had 
agreed to lay aside her religious preference, and accompany me 
to a Dissenter's place of worship. Thus, we started out in life 
together, I as a member of the Baptist community, and she 
as a regular attendant at their worship. 

Passing along for a number of years on the journey of life 
together, nothing specially occurred, exctpt aD occasional 
increase in our family, until th; year 1845. 

At this period, a man by the name of Matthews, from 
Bedford, who had been, until very recently, a clergyman of 
the Church of England, made his appearance in the market- 
place, Leicester, clad in his official robes and surplice, and 
announced his preaching by the blowing of a trumpet. A 
large congregation was soon collected to hear what he had to 
say. He bad with him a Bible, which he freely used to 
prove the doctrines of the second personal advent of our 
Savior, the necessity of baptism by immersion, anointing 
with oil and laying on of hands for the healing of the sick, 
etc. His arguments and Bible references were such that my 
wife and I could not resist the convictions of their truth, and 
we were both baptized by him, as were also our four little 
children. In addition to ourselves, about eight or ten 
others, who had been connected with the different sectarian 
religions of the day, also embraced his faith aud were bap- 
tized by him. 

I sent a letter of resignation to our Baptist minister, desir- 
ing our names to be erased from further connection with their 
church on account of the ohange which had taken place iu our 
religious views. Before accepting it, two prominent deacons 
were appointed to pay us a personal visit, who. tailing to con- 
vince us of our errors, prophesied thai in less than twelve 
months we should be glad to e ene back again. 

Mr. Matthews only remained with us a >hort time, to 
administer the sacrament ami give OS instructions how to pro- 

I d in our little i ting-, when he left us. But he did not 

forget to warn us against a sect called "Mormons," or Latter- 
day Saint-, who. be -aid, were a very deluded and dangerous 
I pie. be having entertained some oi their Kldersand regard- 
ed them as impostors. 







CTTT^rE] IN" I LIE I^STBTJGTOR.; 



29 




When he left us, he promised to send one of his co-laborers, 
to not only preach in public, but act as a shepherd over our 
little flock. Accordingly, a Mr. Brown, from Northampton, 
came, but being a man of little force, he remained only a 
short time, and we were left to do the best wo could. We 
met every Sunday in a private house, sometimes in our own, 
and then in another. We prayed, partook of the sacrament, 
read the scriptures and talked to each other. Mr. Matthews 
died a short time after he left us. 

It was a singular position for us to be in, we had been 
gathered out from different sects and forms of religion, and 
now left without a shepherd, although none of us regretted 
the course we had taken, believing that we had each been led 
by the good Spirit of the Lord, and that the time would 
come for deliverance from our almost silent, monotonous and 
unedifying meetings. 

Several years passed away, and wfi still maintained our 
isolation from the religious societies we had been gathered 
from. 

In the winter of 1S50, under the kind, overruling provi- 
dence of God, the footsteps of his two faithful servants, 
Elders Jacob Gates and Claudius V. Spencer, were led to my 
store. They invited me to their meetings. The first dis- 
course I heard brought the conviction to my mind that if the 
Lord had a people on the earth whom he specially recognized 
as His, I had at length found them. 

[To be Continued.) 



ORNAMENTS AND DRESS IN 
INDIA. 



BY H. F. 



INDIA seems to accord to the female the honor of perpetu- 
ating the prophetic custom in the item of dress and deco- 
ration. Isaiah 3rd says' of the daughters of Zion, that the Lord 
will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments about 
their feet, their round tires like the moon, the chains, the 
bracelets, the ornaments of the legs, the head bands, the tab- 
lets and the earrings; the rings and the nose jewels, etc. 

To begin with the feet, as did the prophet ; the toe rings 
and the anklets are still honored ornaments in the East. The 
toe on each foot next to the great one, wears the badges of 
matrimony, usually two rings on each, which, with the anklets, 
produce the tinkling spoken of. The anklets are usually of 
silver, of all manner of patterns, from the link chain to the 
solid tire of twelve to twenty ounces each, two or three on 
each ankle. The finger rings are more or less profuse accord- 
ing to caste. The wristlets and armlets being of bone, ivory, 
rice-glass, silver and gold, the common material being bronzed 
with tinsel, sometimes cover the arm to above the elbow. The 
nose-jewel varies in size and represents the round tire and 
even the solid plate reaching to the chin, being swung to one 
side when the wearer is eating. The earring is not confined 
to the drop, the rim being sometimes tired with small pearl- 
studded rings ; also the large circlet, often so heavy as to 
require supporting by a chain thrown behind the ear. The 
head bands are frequently very costly, as also the necklace; 
indeed a great portion of native India's wealth is in precious 
stones and jewelry. 

The climate requires hut little covering, and custom con- 
forms in decorating the "human form divine." The feet are 




seldom covered, and, if at all, by quarterless sandles, or slip- 
pers, that can be easily thrown off on entering any house. 

That which constitutes the skirt and head covering encircles 
from one end the waist, secured by the round tire "'like the 
moon," which may be of silver or of gold, while the other 
end overlaps the shoulders and covers the head, forming a 
vail to those castes who use them. This "saree," and the 
"chunee" or tight-fitting waistcoats with short sleeves, consti- 
tute the wardrobe of the Hindoo belle. Thus bedecked, her 
proud firm step is music in the dance and on the pathway. 

The male, not so profuse, in trinket adornment, prides him- 
self in his indi>pensable turban, so varied in color and make 
up that every A-iatic country and caste are designated by it; 
nor does the sanctity of the Temple, mojque or pagoda doff 
it; though the shoe leather cannot enter either of them. 



PREJUDICE 



BY J. E. CARLISLE. 



HPHE elders, in their labors among the children of men, 
A receive a great deal of persecution. There are causes for 
this, the principal being that they are engaged in the work 
assigned them by God, through His servants, and the adver- 
sary uses his efforts to prevent their labors bearing fruit. One 
of the agents thus used is prejudice. The meaning of this 
word — judgment beforehand — gives us an idea of the manner 
in which it can be used for evil. 

People, before seeing an Elder, or hearing him speak, form 
opinions in their minds concerning him, which are often incor- 
rect. These false ideas are usually based upon reports cir- 
culated by enemies to the truth. It is a noted fact that error 
travels faster than truth. These false opinions have to be 
eradicated from their minds before truth can take root. . 

The habit of careful investigation, of hearing before judg- 
ing, is one that should be carefully formed in youth. Preju- 
dice is so insidious in its nature that we are led by it ere we 
know it. Blinded by it, reason departs and men are ready to 
commit any crime. The people, when desiring the death of 
Jesus, said: — "His blood he on us, and on our children ; so 
prejudiced were they. They did not sense the greatness of 
this condemnation upon themselves — iheir history tells it 
now. Many, very many, doubtless, have not united themselves 
with the Church of Christ because of being influenced by this 
agent. In order to form an idea of its past effects, we need 
only to read of persons who were burned at the stake, 
beheaded, buried alive and tortured in various ways, because 
of their religion, by bigots. 

Prejudice works against individuals, as in the noted instan- 
ces of our Lord Jesus and the Prophet Joseph Smith. Preju- 
dice works against peoples ; as to-day with the Jews, and the 
"Mormons," as we are termed by the world. For centuries 
the former have experienced its baneful influence. Some of 
the most glaring atrocities practiced upon the early Christians 
and upon the Saints of latter-days have been put into force 
by men blinded by this ageut of the adversary. 

How much care should betaken not to judge beforehand ! 
Paul says, in his writings: "Prove all things, hold fast that 
which is good." This is a valuable caution, and one that 
deserves earnest attention, on the part of young people. If it 
were studied more by the people of the nations; we, doubt- 
less, would not meet with so much opposition, hatred, enmity, 
etc., in our mission of love, and prejudice would, in a meas- 
ure, flee away. 



m 



2B355 5 



30 



JT7TEITILE IUSTBUCTOR, 



3§ 



A DIALOGUE 



Between a poor widow and her little hoy. 



Motbib. — Robert, I learn from your teacher that you have 
been playing truant this week. 

Robert. — What do you mean by playing truant? 

M. — Going somewhere else when you were sent to school 
Have you not done that? 

R- Yes, mother, I have. 

M. — Where did you go? 

R —The first two days I went to the fields and up on the hills. 

M. — Where d>d you go after that? 

R — I went down to the race track. 

M — Why did you do it? 

R. — The teacher gave me such hard lessons that I could not get 
them. Besides, the boys made fun of my shabby clothes. 

M. — What did you expect to gain by running away ? 

R — I wanted to become like Ferguson, that great man. 

M. — Why, Ferguson never ran away from school, and I don't 
think he ever went 1 1 the races! 

R. — You told me, though, that he taught himself, and learned a 
great deal about the stars and such things without any books. 

M. — Bat Ferguson studied, if he cMdn't have books. 

R. — Dii you not say that Ferguson made a machine to raise 
weights before he ever saw one? 

M. -Yes; he made 
B shaft and pulley, 
and learned a great 
deal about mechan- 
ics without a teach- 
er. 

R — Did you not 
• :iv that he made a 
inav of the heavens 

without any one to 
show him bi 

M. -Yes; be meas- 
ured the difttinces 
of the stars bj me ;ns 
of a string with 
beads on it; tl en 
marked them on 
paper. 

It —And he did trying to wit 

that when be iru ■ poor buy, herding sheep. 

M.— Yes; but what has that to do with playing truant? 

R.— I wanted to be like him. 1 thought I would like to bu ! ld a 
little saw mill, to I went down by the creek to look for a place. 

M— But you did not build it. 

R. — No; I had nothing to work with. 

M. — Then what did you go on the hills for '' 

R — 1 taw ■ ll »k of sheep there, and thought I would like to 
herd them. 

M. — Why did you want to herd them? 

R. — Tint I might do aa Ferguson did, and measure the stars 
with thi- string [Shows n Hiring with bead* on it.] 

It— Well did you do it? 

K— N'i; they did not want a boy to herd the sheep, and 1 
couldn't -"!■ the stars in the daytime. 

M.— Then what did you go to the race* fort 

B Well [ didn't mean to go; but John Carel axed me 

with him. 

ML— Why did he go? 

K — He ran away from school P> have some fun. 

M —And what did you see at the ra< 

R. — I saw horse- running, and crowdl ol people. 

M —And did you not see men drinking whisky and hear them 
swearir.g, too. 

i: —Tea: but I didn't like that. 




M.— And you heard men betting and saw them winning and 
losing money, I suppose? 

R.— Yes; and I thought I would just like to get a lot of money 
as easy as some of them did. 
M. — I hope you will never wish such a thing again. 
R. — Why, mother, is there anything wrong about that? 
M. — There is indeed. I never want my boy to be a gambler. 
R. — What is a gambler'.' 

M. — One who tries to get gain by betting, by games of chance, 
or by trickery, instead of honestly working for it — no such per- 
son ever became great. 

R. — Well 1 don't want to be a gambler, then, 1 want to be a 
great man like Ferguson. 
M. — But you are not taking the right course. 
R.— Why? 

M. — Ferguson improved his chances. You are throwing 
yours away. 
R.— How? 

M. — By running away from school. That is not the way to 
imitate Ferguson. You might as well try to become like George 
Washington by taking a hatchet and cutting a cherry tree down. 
R. — But I couldn't get my lessons. 

M. — You should to - ; no person ever became great who did 
not persevere. 
R. — But my shabby clothes — 

M — Yes, I know your clothes are shabby; but they are the 
best I can afford. You are only a poor widow's boy. You 

should not try to be 
anybody else. Bo 
yourself; be natural ! 
R - Don't y o u 
want me to be like 
Ferguson? 

M. — Only in his 
greatness; you are 
not a shepherd-boy, 
and being a shep- 
herd would never 
make you great. In 
trying to be some- 
one else you are 
forming habit* that 
will always prevent 
you from becoming 
great. Did you 
ii ferouson. ever see a cable? 

K. -Tea; you mean a very thick, strong rope? 
M.— Quite right! It is made of many small strands or threads. 
R. — Ves ; not much thicker than this 1 tave in my hand. 
M.— One of those threads might be easily broken, but alto- 
gether they make a very Btrong rope; well, habits are just the 
same. You have commenced forming habits, which. I fear, 
will bind you more firmly than a cable could, and prevent you 
from ever becoming great. 
R.— What are they? 

M. — The first is inattention to your studies. No person ever 
became great who did not think and study deeply. 
R.— What is the next? 

M Deception, going playing when I thought you wore at. 
school, and disobedience in refusing to do what your teacher 

told you to do — both very bad threads in the ca 

R —Are those all ? 

M.— No; pride is another; you want fine clothes. Shabby 

clothes do not prevent you from studying. Fir - would not 

help you to learn. Discontent i> another; you are not satisfied 
with being a poor widow's boy. i 

R — Are there any more? 

■M Ves : idleness is another, instead of studying your lessons 
yon went sauntering into the fields and up on the hills. Qoing 
in bad company is the next John Careless i, not a good boy. 

R.— What next? 




i 



if •■ 



M 



'^u 



JUYBITILE UsTSTRTJC'TOR, 



31 



^- 



M. — That of sporting and gambling-spending your time in 
useless pursuits and wishing to get money without earning it. 
These lead to other bad habits. 

R.— What are they? 

M. — Drinking liquor and swearing, such as you saw those bad 
men indulge in. Each of these habits would form a thread in 
the cable of your character, and if you indulge in them, that 
cable will become so strong you cannot breik it. 

R. — But I don't want to form such bad habits. 

M. — Then go back to your school and persevere in your studies. 
You can learn all from books that Ferguson did without them, 
and more quickly and easily. Jie became great by study and 
industry. You may do the same. Wishing will never make 
you great. Active work will. Are you willing to try Y 

R. — Yes, mother, I am. 



BATTERING RAMS 




jv.**^*:^ 




OUR little picture represents a battering rain. Any one 
can tell why it is called a ram when he looks at 
the cut. We fancy that the rams were first made in this 
shape because living rams generally strike with their heads, so 
they made the engines that were to do the same kind of work in 
their image. It was natural for those early peoples to argue 
that as the head of the live ram seemed so admirably fitted 
for its work, they could do no better than copy it. 

Battering rams were used in 
very early days. The Egyp- 
tians, Assyrians and Babylo- 
nians employed them in their 
wars. We have pictures and 
bas-reliefs from Egypt and 
Nineveh, which show us how 
they appeared. Our picture is 
of one of more modern style, 
such as were used in the middle 
ages. 

In attacking a fort, or the walls 
of a city with rams, the first 
step appears to have been to form an inclined plane, or bank 
of earth, by which the attacking army could bring their 
engines of destruction to the foot of the walls. There were 
several kinds of rams, some were joined to movable towers, 
which held armed men, who showered arrows and stones over 
the walls into the city. Some were without wheels, so it 
would appear they could not be moved, but must have been 
built on the spot. 

The use of the rams was to break down the walls of the ene- 
mies' city by repeated blows. They are no good now ; the 
walls of modern cities are too well defended with cannon and 
soldiers armed with rifles for them to be worked effectually; 
besides, it is so much easier to pound down the strong walls 
with cannon balls. 

Battering rams are mentioned in the Bible. If you will 
look in Ezekiel, Chap, rv, verse 2, and Chap, xxi, verse 22, 
you can there read what is said about them. Jerusalem, 
when besieged by the Romans, had her walls broken by these 
instruments. We do not find any notice of them being used 
by the Nephites and Lamanites in their wars ; probably be- 
cause the Lamanites did not build cities with walls that 
required such huge machines to break down ; and as the La- 
manites were not an inventive race, but only copied the Ne- 
phites in the art of war, they never thought of originating such 
a mode of attack themselves. 

Since the invention of gunpowder, battering rams have 
gone out of use altogether. q. 



Raptor fur t\t ffittlt §tus. 



GOD BLESSES THE GOOD. 



We are told in the Bi-ble that the Lord 
is no re-spec-ter of per-sons ; but that He 
will bless all who will be good and do His 
will. 

Cor-ne-li-us was a good man, who lived 
man-y hun-dred years ago. He oft-en 
prayed and did the best he knew how ; 
but he did not have the true gos-pel. So 
the Lord sent an an-gel to tell him that 
his pray-ers were heard, and to send for 
Pe-ter, who would tell him, as well as his 
fam-i-ly how to be saved. 

Jo-seph Smith was a good boy. He 
prayed and did the best he knew how ; 
but he, like Cor-ne-li-us. did not have the 
true gos-pel. So the Lord sent an an-gel 
to him, al-so, to tell him that his prayers 
were heard. But this an-gel did not tell 
him to send for Peter to tell him how to be 
saved ; for Pe-ter had died man-y years 
be-fore. N"eith-er did he tell him to send 
for any body else ; for there was no one 
who knew how to be saved. The true 
gos-pel was not on the earth. In-stead 
of this, the an-gel brought the' gos-pel to 
Jos-eph, and it was not to save him on-ly, 
but to save every one who will be good 
and do right in the sight of the Lord. 

There are ver-y, ver-y man-y peo-ple who 
have been good and done the will of the 
Lord as near as they knew now, and He 
has blest them. He will hear lit-tle boys 
and girls and bless them too, if they will 
be good. But He will not bless any one 
when he does wrong. All who wish the 
Lord to hear and an-vSwer their prayers 
must be good and faith-ful every day of 
their lives. 




w 



?s ^^ 



32 



uTJYElTILE HTSTB'UOTOR, 



NEARER, MY SAVIOR, TO THEE. 




Words by J. L. Towns nd. 
Andante, 

=>-: — ! I 



Music by William Clayson. 



ft -g : * s— i- ». 2 g j i -* 



-=F 



1- 



=f* 



m& 



^=^- 



Nearer, dear Sav - ior, to Thee, 



Nearer, near-er to Thee; Ev - er I'm striv - ing to 



-m- m- 

7~*C. 77 —^-i »— 


jfL »^-« — *- -,— ^fjg , 

— « , — •- [ — »- — »sr 


-1 — 


-# — , 




1 „■ 


— «^ — « — « — 




M»-h-I — -- 


1 


T 


— *— ~ 




-j— r • 


t — t t?-: 


— 1 » — • 

-T— £ ' 



!*^ C ' XT " „',, ,' • m, 



^rq^==t 



ig£H^s*=S 



be 



Nearer, yet near - er to Thee! Trusting, in Thee I con 




-d y-r—- — b— 1 



Thee I a - bide — Tak 




l^^^afe^i^E^p 



Nearer, dear Savior, to Thee ! 



^«^a«ipf 



EEEEE 



t-f - 



1. T*~-r*- T^ T g - f*- 



Nearer, dear Savior, to Thee, 
Nearer, nearer to Thee; 
Pr ved by niv trials, I'll be 
Nearer, yet nearer to Thee! 
H u mlil v I come to Thee now, 
Earnest, I prayerlully bow — 
Take. O! lake and cherish me, 
Nearer, dear Savior, to Tlieel 

Nearer, dear Savior, to Thee, 
Nearer, nearer to Thee; 
Ever my anthem must be, 
Nearer, yet nearer to Thee 1 



Loving Thee, ever I pray, 
Aid me Thy will to obey — 
Take, O! take and cherish me, 
Nearer, dear Savior, to Thee I 

Nearer, dear Savior, to Thee, 
Nearer, nearer to Thee; 
Let me by holiness be, 
Nearer, yet nearer to Thee I 
When all my trials are done, 
When my reward 1 have won, 
Take, O! take and cherish me, 
Nearer, dear Savior, to Theel 






t=t=! 



SKEPTICISM BRIEFLY 
CONSIDERED*. 



HV JA.MKS CRYSTAL. 



Tis strange, indeed, that man, God's noblest work, 
Should so have wandered into regions dark 
As to deny the hand of Providence, 
Which wilm i Mi to reason and to sense 
A matchless power, a wondrous love and skill. 
Which fashioir I things t" suit God'8 holy will, 

For some v»- 
Let -keptics vnii Iv boast iioir reasoning power. 
R int the wot ol the passing hour, 
Extol the beautie i-a-.n- bring. 

And how dame Nir ire cares for everything; 
How in»in and mnu lain, river, vale and -ky 
Evince >\ self-contro nny ' 

As if -'>:oe cause urn ild e°r create 

The things they worsh u I adore mi groat I 
A - it til- things thev s:t. i toy understand 
Did n"' i er a va«t D-s urn! ! 



^1_ 



As well r tend that mai 
Mere mytl i creature of 
\ j to insist that only natui 
Hath fixed t.r everything i 



here by chnnce, 
'instance, 

- cause 

i- and laws. 



And what of man's ambition, hope and love, 
And kindred ties which strong emotion move? 
If everyone were skeptically inclined, 
And reckoned life a mystery undefined, 
'Twould be a woeful, weary world indeed, 
With no one but the blind, the blind to lead; 
With not a ray of hope life's path to cheer, 
And naught but cold distrust forever near. 
But vain the skeptic's dreaming — God it was 
Whose power appointed everything its laws; 
Whose wondrous love and universal care 
Give life and scope to matter everywhere; 
Whose grace and truth have fitted man to know 
The object of existence here below, 

THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Luks City, Utah Territory, 

on the first and fifteenth of every montb. 



I.KIMU.K q,. OAHROB, 



i.i.niti.i: O. 1.AM1IKKT, 



- - - - KOITOR, 
lll'SINKSS tl \\ MI.H. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 




