'rfQ^ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1870. 



NO. 2. 



THE ESQ.TJinyC^^IJX: J^ISriD THEII^ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
HIOXJSEiS. 



WHAT a strange house, to be sure, are these men 
building! It is not rock, adobie nor brick. It is a 
snow house. The builders are Esquimaux. They live 
away in the far north. The cold is very severe there, 
and for weeks and months in the ■vjiuter season tlie sun 
is not seen. We think our winter nights long, and are 
frequently glad when Spring opens that we may have 
more sunlight; but how gladly must the people who 
dwell in the far north 
welcome back the great 
and glorious orb of day, 
after an absence of from 
one hundred and twenty 
to one hundred and forty 
days. The huts of the 
Esquimaux are not al- 
ways built of blocks of 
snow. When they can 
get rocks, they build 
with them and cover 
with turf and moss. 
Whatever the material 
they use, the shape of 
the hut is nearly always 
the same. When built 
they resemble a rude 
dome. The entrance to 
the hut in the winter 
time is a long tunnel, 
generally ten or twelve, 
but sometimes ninety 
feet long, and just large 
enough for a man to 
crawl through. In some 
huts, above the entrance, 
there is a rude window; 
but not of glass. Of that 
substance they know 
nothing. They scrape 
the intestine of a seal, and stretch it across the opening, 
much as a bladder would be stretched. If the people 
want to peep out, tliey make a small eye-hole. In the 
roof there is a hole for tlie smoke to pass througli. 

The Esquimaux may well be called "iron-men," they 
endure the most severe cold so bravely. An Esquimaux 
has been known to sleep upon his sledge in his ordinary 
winter clothing, with the atmosphere 93 degrees below 
our freezing point; that is, 61 degrees below zero! Dr. 




Elisha Kent Kane, who made an arctic voyage in search 
of Sir John Franklin, informs us that he saw one of 
these men standing in theopenair, comfortably scratching 
his naked skin, when the temperature was 50 degrees 
below zero! He also relates an instance of one of hisown 
crew, an American, who had so inured himself to the cold 
that on their sledge-journeys he slept without a blanket 
or any other covering than his walking-suit, while the out- 
side temperature would 
be 30 degrees below zero! 
But the walking dress 
on such occasions is very 
-warm. The Esquimaux 
can do M'ith much less 
clothing than Americans 
or men born in a warmer 
climate than theirs. By 
taking active exercise 
Doctor Kane tells us 
that he himself was able 
to endure the cold out 
on the floes when the 
thermometer was at 5-1 
degrees below zero! The 
cold reached as low as 75 
degrees below zero dur- 
ing one of the winters 
he spent in the north. 

To show you the hard- 
ships to be endured in 
traveling in those re- 
gions, we will quote 
Doctor Kane's idea of 
an outfit, for sledging. 

"Give nie," said he, "a 
reindeer fur bag, to sleep 
in, an Esquimnux lamp 
with a liunp of moss, a 
Bheet^inin snow-melteror 
a copper soiip-pot, vvilh a 
tin cvlinder to slip over 
it and defend it from the wind, a good piece of raw wahns- 
oeef; and I want nothin,' more for a long journey, if the ther- 
mometer will keepitself ashitrhas30(ief;ree,sbelowzero. Give 
me 1 bear skin bag and C')lfee to boot; and with the clothes 
on my back I am ready for 60 degrees below zero, — but no 
wind." 

The blowing of the wind, even when the thermometer 
is no lower, causes the cold to be felt moiv keenly. But 
what would we think of traveling in such weather with 
such an outfit? People not accustomed to it and without 






lO 



^ 



vJTJ^EISriXjE insrSTI^TJOTOI^ 



4** 



training would quickly perish. Not so with the hardy 
meu who had eudured several winters iu those desolate 
and forbidding regions. He adds: 

"Keep the btood iu motion, without loitering on the march, 
and fur the bait raise a s-now house; or, if the suow lie srant, 
ensconce yourself iu a burrow or uuder the lee of a buuimock 
slab. The outside tat of your walrus sustains your little uioss 
fire; its frozen slices give you bread, its frozen blubber gives 
you butter, iis scraggy ends give jousoup. The snow sup- 
plies you with water. Spread out your bear bag; stuff your 
reindeer-bag Inside, bang your boots up outside, take a blade 
of bone, and scrape olf a 1 the ice from your furs. Now crawl 
iu, the whole party of you, feet foremost," and then sleep. 

The huts of the Esquimaux are kept warm by burning 
lnmi)s. These are their only tires, and what cooking they 
do, which is very little, is done by them. They burn the 
blubber of the walrus and other fatty substances. It is 
surprising how much heat these lamps will give. When 
the cold has been 30 degrees below zero, the heat inside 
one of these huts, when the family was in it, has been 
raised by two lamps to 'M degrees above zero, making a 
diflerence of 120 degrees! Inside their huts they strip 
perfectly naked, except a bandage which the women wear 
around their hips. Of course, a hut built of suow, like 
the one in the engraving, would be an unpleasant place 
to lodge in if the heat inside should be very great. The 
dripping of the melting snow would make it disagreeable. 

The children born and lirought up in these valleys 
would not enjoy play in those bleak northern regions. 
But the Esquimaux children are content aiul hajipy, and 
are fond of play. They play ball and bat among the 
snow-drifts when they can. The ball is made out of a 
round bone, and the bat is the curved rib of the walrus 
or some other animal; they use these also for "shinny- 
stiek.s." At these games they enjoy tliemselves as well 
as boys do in warmer climates. It is remarkable that 
man can adapt himself to every climate on the globe, 
and become attached to his residence and find happiness 
in his pursuits. We are happy in our climate, because 
we are used to it. But we think we would not like to 
live in sultry Africa or wintry Greenland; and wonder 
how peojile can live in such countries. But they think 
as much of their birth-places as we do of ours. They 
know no other climate, and are contented. In our travels 
we have often remarked that people who lived in the 
most forbidding-looking places were most fondly attached 
to their liomes. Yet a climate that is neither too hot nor 
t<x> cold .seems best adapted to man. He makes the greatest 
progress in such a climate. In very cold countries the 
hardships meu endure are against them; in very hot 
countries, they grow .indolent and lack energy. But a 
climate like that of tnis Territory is very favorable to the 
jn'iiple. We should be thankful for it, and that we were 
not liorn in the ice-bound lands of the north, or in the 
hot and feverish lands of the South. 



Dk. Fkanki.in once remarked, "When I sec a hpuse 
well furnished with books, newsi)apers and niagnzines, 
tliere I generally sec intelligent and well-infoiiiied chil- 
dren; but where there are no books or newsjiajiers, the 
children are often found igiu)rant, if not prolligate." 



A tkhtaix amount of opposition is a great help to a 
man. Kites rise against the wiiul, and not with the 
wind; even a bead wind is better thrn none. No man 
ever worked his pa.isage anywhere in a dead calm. Let 
no man wax l>ale, therefore, because of rpposition; oppo- 
sition is what he wants and must have, to be good for 
anvthing. Hardship is the native soil of manhood and 
self-reliance. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%\tm%%t\^ a{ €ammu«. ^Tjittus, 



MOW,^ in the formation of Salts, the same kind of 
^^ combination described as "substitution," produces 
them. In one of our experiments we made some hydro- 
gen gas; some slips of zinc were put in a bottle and some 
hydrochloric acid was poured over, or sulphuric acid 
might have been used. How was hydrogen evolved? Let 
us see our material. H. CI. (hydrochloric acid) plus the 
metal zinc, Zn. If we have read the last lesson carefully 
we can explain this by an equation: 

H. CI. plus Zn., equal CI. Zn. plus H. 

The chlorine of the acid has a greater attraction for the 
metal zinc than it has for the hydrogen, so it dissolves part- 
nership with hydrogen, and takes up with Zn. So you see, 
cliildren, you will never have any difficulty in obtaining 
hydrogen gas for your balloons if you can get some zinc 
and a dilute acid. Or, other metals with difute acids may 
be used for the same purpose, as iron and copper. 

Now the above flu«l, obtained by dissolving zinc in 
hydrochloric acid, upon evaporation yields a white sub- 
stance. This is a salt, zincic chloride or chloride of zinc. 
If, instead of the metal zinc, sodium took the place of 
hydrogen, the chloride of sodium would be formed; the 
well-known substance, common salt. Or, suppose we use 
potash and hydiochloric acid, we get a chloride of potash 
they combine, as seen in this equation: H. CI. plus 
O.K.H., equals CI. K. plus 2 H. Then :there is a union 
of iodine and potassium, forming the iodUIe of potassium, 
useful iu medicine and in photography. But the nitrate 
of potash will he the most interesting to the young 
student, being one of the ingredients of gunpowder. This 
salt is in formula N. 5 O. plus K. O. Then there is 
chlorate of potassa, used for our lucifer matches, (K. CI. 
3 ().) After noticing which, we will begin to study 
another similar metal, sodium. The nitrate of potash, or 
nitre as some call it, used to be called salt-petre; it is 
formed of the elements nitrogen, oxygen, and potassium. 
When mixed with sulphur, phosphorus, charcoal or sugar, 
the mixture explodes by the contact of a spark, by fric- 
tion, and by percussion. It is too dangerous to use as 
gunpowder; but when prepared with gum-water, it is 
used to dip lucifer -matches in, to set tile to the suljihur. 
But in guniiowder, the nitre is mixed \v\\.\i sul])hur and 
charcoal to form a paste. This is, wlille soft, squeezctl 
through proper selves to form sniall grains, and then dried 
for use. It is a dangerous business. Let us hxdc at the 
elements of which this exi)losive compouinl is rorme<l. 
K. O. N. S. C, i)Otassium, oxygen, nitrogen, sulphur and 
{•arbon. You may see the danger, children, if you remem- 
ber how fearful tlie elements are of which it is couijiosed! 
What terrible combinations, when the oxygen is suddenly 
wilhilrawn from the nitrate of potash, the nitrogen sud- 
denly liberated aud expimded into gas! Sulphur— and 
carbon, again, as suddenly inllamed; i)lenty of oxygen to 
supply the mass. Carboni(; acid and carbonic oxide 
ga.ses all liberated, heated and exjjanded at the same 
instant. And yet some little boys will play with lire- 
arms, and even put fire-works in their pockets! Yes; 
and );(rt<r;//r« too at the same time were in the j ocket of 
a very little boy bust fourth of July! Oh! there is great 
danger, and too little care, (K^ar children; life is often lost 
for want of knowing that which you, as chemists, are 



J» 



>5^^- 



iCf 




'^' 



CTTJ^EITILE in5rSTI?,TJCTOI^, 



11 rfi** 






now acquainted with. Would you believe it, a little boy 

had his pockets full of serpents, squibs, and crackers, 

while other boys were letting oft" their fire-works, only 

one spark hapjiened to go into his pocket, in an instant a 

frightful explosion took place. Poor fellow! he v.as never 

able to jjlay with flre-works again. 

Beth. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



IN early days in California every thing was valued at a 
high price. There were ten of us. Elders, who wanted 
to get passage from San Francisco to Honolulu, the prin- 
cipal town on the Sandwich Islands. After trying for 
some days we succeeded in obtaining a passage between 
decks on fhe good ship "Imauni of Muscat" Captain 
Bitches, commander. We had to find our own bedding; 
but the captain agreed to furnish us food, which we were 
told was to be the same as they had in the cabin. Either 
this part of the contract was not kept, or they lived poorly 
in the cabin; for our fai'e was not very inviting. But we 
thought we were lucky in not having to \my more than 
$40 in gold for the passage and those privileges. I have 
seen places that were more comfortable than our quarters 
between decks. I have been on- the sea many times 
since, and I believe, if I had my choice, I would prefer 
taking a trip as a cabin passenger on a Cuuard steamship 
in preference to a voyage on the "Imau7n of Muscat" with 
its cabin fare and the privilege of sleeping in my own 
blankets. The "Imaum" was low between decks, and 
then it was so darlc there, that for a few minutes after 
descending, we could see nothing. Wc had had some 
rough experience, however, since leaving our homes, and 
we were not disposed to find fault with our ship or her 
accommodations. 

For one week after embarking we lay in the bay of 
San Francisco, head winds preventing our sniling. This 
was tiresome to us, and did not suit the captain, for he 
had to feed us, at least a ijart of the time. Probably this 
week's delay helped him to conclude that cabin fare was 
too good for us. As soou as the wind became the least 
favorable the pilot thought it best to get ready for sea, and 
when the tide turned to go out, about one o'clock in the 
afternoon, we hoisted sail and started. JSly recollections 
of passing out of the Golden Gate, as the mouth of the San 
Francisco harbor is called, are not very pleasant. We 
had to beat out, that is, tack from side to side, and the 
swell cxme in from the ocean in large, heavy, rolling 
waves. On each side we could see a long line of breakers 
running seaward, the foam looking in the distance like 
large banks of snow. 

We had not passed through the Gate when we began to 
be sea-sick. Those ocean swells will produce sea sickness 
very quickly. There was no place on deck to be sick 
without being in the way, so we ran below. I vomited 
freely and felt relieved, and then went on deck again. 
The sun was declining in the west, and the sky was 
angry-looking and threatening, giving every indication 
of a storm. We were outside the heads, and before us 
stretched the great Pacific; but there were islands around 
of which the captain knew but little. Ho did not like 
the idea of the pilot leaving liim in such a position with 
darkness approaching and every prospect of a storm. If 
the captain was anxious to have the pilot remain, the 
latter was equally desirous of getting away from the sliip 
before nightfall. He had no wish to remain through the 
storm and to run the risk of being carried out to sea; so 
when a pilot boat hove in sight, he hailed it, and descend- 



' ed into the little yawl which came from it for him in 
such haste that he forgot his water-proof coat. It was 
very natural, I suppose, for him, after piloting the ship 
out of the harbor, to be eager to get back before the 
storm broke upon us; but I believe we all should have 
felt better if he had remained with us. The captain 
especially felt the responsibility of his position. Here he 
was outside of a strange harbor, on a dangerous coast, 
with a strong wind blowing directly on shore, and dark- 
ness upon him and he ignorant of his surroundings! 

We had no time to indulge in many reflections upon 
the subject. Our time was occupied in another direction, 
for we were all suffering severely from the worst effects 
of sea-sickness; and notwithstanding the dangers of our 
situation, the sense of the ridiculous, in my case, — only 
one bucket among us for every purpose, — overcame fear, 
and I could not help laughing. Many of our elders and 
foreign settlers have no doubt been in an exactly similar 
fix, and all such can imagine our position better than I 
can describe it. My levity, however, under circumstances 
so inconvenient and perplexing, offended one of the 
elders so much that he reprimanded me for it. 

While we were thus engaged the noise on deck was 
very great. The captain had as first-mate a half-caste 
East Indian, and the most of his hands were Malays. 
His orders to the mate, and the latter's cries to the hands, 
and their chattering to one another, made a clamor that 
sounded loud above the noise of the storm. Bight in the 
midst of our sickness we heard the startling cry from the 
mate of "Breakers a-head," and that we were close on 
them. At any other time this would have excited us; 
but we were so sick we did not mind it. Shortly after 
this we felt the vessel strike something solid, and she 
trembled from stem to stern; this was directly followed 
by a grating sound and a thumping at the stern. The 
first thought was that she had struck a reef; but as we 
felt her settle in the trough of the sea, we knew that if 
she had struck, she had passed over it. The shock that 
we felt was caused by a heavy breaker striking us; it had 
broken the wheel ropes, and the grating noise that we 
heard was the thumping of the helm. Had the breaker 
gone over us it would have swept the decks clean, or, 
had the wheel ropes broken a short time before, it is pro- 
bable the vessel would have been lost. 

In considering our narrow escape, afterwards, we felt to 
give the glory of our deliverance to God. We were His 
servants, and on His business, and He had preserved us. 
That night was one of great anxiety to the captain, 
officers and crew. Notwithstanding our sickness we also 
realized that we were in a critical position, and exerted 
all the faith we could. The captain had his wife with 
him, and so little hope did he have at one time of saving 
the vessel, that he told her to prepare for eternity, for he 
did not think we would ever see daylight in this world 
again. At last the morning dawned, the storm died away, 
and we were enabled to talce our course. Oh, the blessed 
daylight! how joyfully it was hailed on board that vessel! 
It did not relieve us from our sea-sickness; but it did from 
our peril. Several days elapsed before the captain re- 
covered from his fatigues, and hoarseness caused by his 
shouting his orders that night. 



"When a stranger treats me ^t'ith want of proper 
respect," said a jihilosopliic poor man, "I comfort myself 
witli the reflection that it is not myself he sliglits, but 
my old slKil)liy coat and hat, which, to say the truth, have 
no particular claims to admiration. So if my hat and 
coat choose to fret about it, let them: it is nothing to me." 







IS 



0" TJ "VT E IDT I !_■ El I3SrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 




^It iaJi^itil^ ittslcaclua* 



CEORCE Q. CANNON 

S A T U R D A y"""j A N u'a R Y 



EDITOR. 

2 2, 1870. 



THE VJ^TJIDOIS J^ 3Sr ID 




N tlie vallej's of the high Alps, which 
divide France from Italy, reside a people 
who are known by the name of the"Vau- 
dois. ' ' Those who dwell on the Italian side 
of the mountains are termed Italian Vau- 
dois, and those on the French side are call- 
ed French Vaudois. The history of these 
singular people is a very remarkable one. 
From early days, hundreds of years ago, 
they have been the objects of dreadful per- 
secution, and it is a subject of wonder, when 
these things are remembered, that any remnant 
I if the ancient people of the valleys should be 
still living. They are famous for their devotion 
to their religion. They were patient, steadfast, 
and long-suiFering, and were usually ready to endme 
death even in its most frightful forms, rather than 
prove false to their religion. 

As early as 134.3, twelve of the inhabitants of one 
valley were strangled by the public executioner, for being here- 
tics, which means they would not believe as the Roman Catho- 
lics wanted thcui. In 1393, a hundred and fifty persons of the 
same valley were burned alive at the same place, by order of a 
Roman Catholic official. But in 1488 the most tenible destruc- 
tion took place. A French anny had been sent to bring the.se 
pcoj)le to terms or to destroy them. The leader of the army was 
an officer of the Pope. On the Italian side of the Alps they had 
been beaten, and could not succeed. But they resolved to have 
revenge, so they turned their attention to the French side. 

Tho people of one of the.se valleys, not looking for the 
.soldiers, were surprised l)y an attack from the army; and as there 
were 2(1,01(0 of their enemies, they left their houses and made 
for the mountains with all possible haste, their families going 
with them and driving their flocks before them. On the .slope 
of one of these mountains, about a third of the way up, they 
found a great cavern, in which they sought shelter. They 
built uji tli(^ road to the cavern, filled the mouth with rocks, and 
considered themselves safe. WJien the commander of the troops 
found that he could not get in at the entrance, he sent his men 
uii the mountain with rnjies. These they fastened so that the}'' 
could hang over the mouth of the cavern. A immber of armed 
.-ioldicrs thin slid down, and landed on a shelf of nick in front of 
the jieojile who were hid. Having no arms, and being greatly 
frightened, many of these poor peojile threw themselves over 
the rocks and were killed. The soldiers 'murdered all whom 
they could reach; then they piled up wood at the cavern mouth 
and .si't it on fire, suffocating all who were in.side! It is said 
that three th<iu.-aiid persons were thus destroyed. Four hun- 
dred children were afti'nvards fiiund in the cavern <lead in the 
arms lit their murdered iimther.s. 

The property of these poor people was divided amongst their 
murderers. In the neighboring valleys the pcrsectuion was 
equally bitter; but the people managed to escape to the moun- 
tains and were not caught. They were willing to be martyrs, 
but were resolved never to be apo.^ites. These people frequent- 



ly ajipealed to the King; but their petitions for mercy were 
seldom heard. 

It is instructive to us, who are alsolpersecuted for our religion's 
sake, to read the history of these poor Vaudois. Bonds, im- 
prisonments, scorchings, burnings and every cruelty that could 
be heaped upon them failed to tui-n them from what they 
thought to be the truth. When they could endure their perse- 
cutions no longer they fled to the mountains, where nobody else 
wanted to live or to follow them. The baiTennes.s of the soil, 
the coldness of the climate and the difficulty of getting to their 
villages, proved their security. They lived at the very edge of 
the snow on the mountains. Persecution did not destroy them 
nor their religion, and they lived and have preserved the religion 
of their fathers. In some valleys, though the people are very 
poor, it is surprising how much care they have be.stowed upon 
education. They almost all miderstand Latin and French, which 
they are able to read and write tolerably well. 

We learn from the histoiy of these poor people, how difficult 
it is in a mountainous countrj-, where the people are steadfast 
in their religion, and place a high value upon it, to crush it out. 
Nothing but death— complete extermination— could kill this 
peo])le's belief The history of the Vaudois contains many im- 
p.ortant lessons for the Latter Day Saints. If they eoidd endiu-e 
so much for the portion of truth which they had, and to presene 
their consciences pure, how much more willing should we be, 
who have the fulness of the everlasting gospel and the holy 
priesthood to administer its ordinances? 



EIDITOI^I^Xj thotjo-ects. 



\ T last the juveniles can see a real railroad in Utah Ten-itory! 
-'^ They have heard and read about the "iron horse" and 
the speed at which he travels; now thej' can see him and hear 
his terrible snort, and even ride behind him. What changes 
time has produced in oiu- country! It is only two or three 
years since our Elders going to or returning from missions 
had to spend weeks in cros.sing the Plains; now they can sit 
in a car, on a cu.shioned seat, and cross in two daj's. Last 
Summer if we wished to make a trip to Ogden we had a long 
ride of several hours in a carriage or wagon; but now — well 
now the Utah Central Railroad is built. The last raU 
was laid, and the last siiikc was driven by President Young, 
on iMonday, the 10th instant. We can ride to Ogden now in 
two hours or less, and a very pleasant ride it is, too, in these 
cars, and on this line, owned hj' the Saints. 

Our readers who reside out of the city, and who have never 
.seen a Railroad, will have a great curiosity to see the Utah 
Central. It is a wonderful sight to see a locomotive running 
on iron rails at full speed. There are many peoi)le in this 
Territory, who are quite old, who never saw a locomotive or a 
railroad until they saw this which is now built here. They 
have kept moving westward ahead of the railroads. We hope 
the time is not far, distant when , we shall have a railroad 
running north and .south through the Territory. It would be 
a great convenience to the people, and would develop the 
countiy. Already we have a Telegra]ih Line, and we want 
every improvement in this countiy that they have in other 
parts. As ,a i)eople we have a great work to do, and we have 
but a short time to do it in, therefore, we need every aid we 
call get to help us. Jjiglilriing 'and steam and inipmved ma- 
chinery all save labor, and help men to perform a large amount 
of work ill a short time. 



White your name in kindness, love and mercy, on the 
hearts of those you come in contact with, and ,you will 
never be forgotten. 



ih 




"F^ 



^ 



GrTJ"7"EI^II-.E3 Zl^STI^TJGTOIS/. 



13 



[For the Juvenile Instrucfor. 

iFismisro FOE. :fei7^i^XjS. 



MOST of our youug readers, we presume, are aware that 
jjearls unlike other gems are uot dug out of deep 
mines, or found scattered about on the surface of tlie 
earth, but are obtained from between the shells of certain 
fish, such as oysters, and muscles. The fishes themselves 
cause them to grow there, for should a grain of sand, or 
other small body, accidentally get inside their shells, they 
cover it over with a slimy substance, to prevent it hurt- 
ing their tender bodies; this gradually hardens and a 
pearl is formed. 

Our engraving represents a fleet of boats engaged in 
fishing for the pearl oysters, most probably in the neigh- 
borhood of the island of Ceylon, as it is there that the 
largest and richest pearl fisheries exist. 

Owing to the fact of the pearl oyster being found, like 
the common oyster, in great abundance in certain locali- 
ties, regular fisheries have been established, some of 
which have furnished pearls for many hundred years. 
Those near the island of Ceylon, to which we just 
referred, were well known in the days of Jesus. 

Pearls are generally obtained either by diving or 
dredging, but most generally by diving. You may see 
the divers, in our picture, one ready to descend, with 
bis feet on the baskets, in which they place the oysters. 
It is a very hard life, and these divers are generally said 
to be unhealthy and short-lived. They usually remain 




under the water filling these baskets with the fish from 
fifty to eighty seconds; not often longer; but we have 
heard of one of this class, who lived about seventy-five 
years ago, who would actually remain under water for 
full six minutes.^ The fishing season takes place in 
March, and la.sts about a month, during which time the 
divers will make forty or fifty descents a day, bringing 
up about a hundred fish each time. 

Perhaps no fishery of any kind produces so much 
wealth, and gives so much scope for speculation, during 
its short duration, as the pearl fisheries. During the 




^M 



months of February, March and April, the shores near the 
fishing grounds, almost look as though a large fair was 
being held. Here are found Hindoos, Jews, jewelers, 
merchants, boatmen, diver-«, conjurors to look after the 
sharks and take care of the divers. Brahmins, Roman 
Catholic priests and many others. The merchants and 
jewelere are very busy and excited, often speculating on 
the contents of the boats before their arrival from the 
fiBliing grounds. 

The fleet of boats leaves the shore at ten at night upon 
the firing of a signal gun, and returns about noon the 
following day. As soon as the boats appear the gun is 
again fired and the flags are hoisted, and then such a 
Babel commences! No sooner do the boats reach the 
strand than questions and answers are shouted out in 
twenty different languages regarding the result of the 
cruise. The cargo of each boat is landed in a very short 
time, and taken possession of by the owners, who at once 
commence opening the shells and hunting for the pearls. 
These pass into other hands as soon as found, and then 
the excitement becomes greater than ever, caused by the 
hawkers and others engageil in preparing the gems for 
other markets, as they are drilled and cleaned on the 
spot. 

In ancient times pearls were more highly valued than 
they are now, and were highly prized for jewelry. Many 
of you have doubtless heard of one very valuable pearl, 
which Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt, at a banquet she gave 
to the Roman General, Mark Anthony, drank to the 
health of her noble guest, in a goblet of strong vinegar. 
Its value was rated at an almost fabulous sum; but from 
the fact of her using it as an ear-ring, it must have been 
much smaller than some in existence now, as they are 
far too large to be used for such a purpose. These larger 
ones are now valued at a less jjrice than that of Cleopa- 
tra's in her day. 

Pearls are not only found in Ceylon, at the southern 
extremity of Hindostan, but also in Persia, and other 
parts bordering on the Indian Ocean. Pearls of a smaller 
size, generally called seed pearls, are also found in the 
waters that wash the shores of Britain, quite a trade 
being carried on in them in some parts of "Wales. 

G. R. 



Little Willie having hunted in all the corners for 
his shoes, at last appears to give them up, and climbing 
on a chair betakes himself to a big book lying on the 
side-table. Mother says to him: "What's darling doing 
with the book?" "It'th the dictionary; papa lookth in 
the dictionary for things, and I am looking to see if I 
can find my shoes." 



La yard's explorations of Nineveh have furnished some 
striking confirmations of the scriptures. Take the follow- 
ing coincidence: "The Bible tells us that Hezekiali re- 
belled against the King of Assyria; that in the fourteenth 
year of Hezekiah's reign, Senaeherib came up against all 
the fenced cities of Judea, and took from Hezekiah three 
hundred talents of silver and thirty of gold. Now, com- 
pare this with the historical inscription on Senacherib's 
palace: Because Hezekiah, King of Judea, did not sub- 
mit to my yoke, I took and plundered forty-six of his 
strong fenced cities, and innumerable small towns, but I 
left him Jerusalem, his capital city; and because Heze- 
kiah i till refused to pay homage, I attacked and carried 
off the whole jiopulation around Jerusalem, with thirty 
talents of gold and eight hundred talents of silver." 



.*r«» 



k^09i'9 



*^j^ 14: 



J" TJ "^ El IN" I L E in^STI^TJOTOI^, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






THIC 




BOUT this time, Joseph wrote also 
to those of ihe Twelve Apostles who 
were absent on missions, to come 
home immediately, as he was anxious 
to have them with him; for he felt 
that trouble was thickening around 
him; and no doubt he desired to have 
6 his friends — the men he could rely 
upon— near to him in the hour of 
difficulty. He was anxious to get 
rum, his brother, out of the way. He 
ised him to take his family on the next 
steamboat to Cincinnati. If anything hap- 
ened to himself, he was anxious that Hyrum 
should live. Said he: "I wish I could get 
Hyrum out of the way, so that he may live 
to avenge my blood; and I will stay with you 
and see it out." But Hyrum could not be 
moved. If Joseph suffered and died, he was 
determined to suffer and die with him. Said 
he lo the prophet: "Joseph, I cannot leave you." 

Joseph saw, from a letter of the Governor's, and by the 
spirit that was manifested, that there was no feeling of 
mercy towards the Saints, or disposition to treat them 
witli any degree of fairness. He was well convinced 
that if he and his brother Hyrum could get out of the 
way, and the Saints would be still and go quietly about 
their business, trouble would be avoided. In speaking 
upon this point he said: "There is no doubt they will 
come here and search for us. Let them search, they will 
not harm you in person or property, not even a hair of 
your heads." He remarked to brother Stephen Markham 
that, if he and Hyrum were ever taken again, they would be 
massacred, or he was nota prophet of (Jod. He added: "I 
want Hyrum to live to avenge my blood, but he is deter- 
mined not to leave me." 

Under the circumstances which then surrounded him, 
it was natural that Joseph's mind should be led to rellect 
on the best means of extricating the Saints and himself 
from the trouble with which they were threatened. The 
Lord at this time revealed to him that he should flee to the 
Bocky Mountains. He made up liis mind to do so, and 
on the evening of the 22nd of June he took leave of his 
family, with the intention of crossing the Mississi])pi 
river, there to make his preparations for the journey. 
His comiianions were his brother Hyrum and Dr. Willard 
Bichards. While waiting on the river-bank for the skiff, 
lie sent for Judge \V. W. Phelps, and gave him instruc- 
tijuis to take their families to Cincinnati, and when he 
arrived there to conmience petitioning the President of 
the Utiited States and Congress for redress of grievances, 
and thus learn whether they would grant the church 
liberty aaid equal rights. In case anything should go 
wrong, he also told him where he could be found on (he 
oiher side of the riviT. They crossed tne river in a leaky 
skifl. Brother (). P. Itockwell rowing, and .Joseph, Hynnn 
and the Doctor baling out the water with their boots and 
shoes, to keep it from sinking. Upon their arrival Bro. 
I'vockwcU was sent back toXauvoo to get horses for Joseph 
and Hyiaim, which he was to pass over the river secretly 



the next night, so that they might be ready to start for 
this country. 

On the morning of the L'3rd a company of men arrived 
at NauVoo from Carthage to arrest Joseph; but they did 
not remain long. They tried to find him and could not, 
then they started back. They left one man behind them, 
however, who told one of the brethren what Governor 
Ford would do if Joseph and Hyrum were net given up 
to him; he would send his troops and guard the city until 
they were found, if it took three years to do it. It is 
very likely that the Governor had said this; it is just such 
a remark as might be expected from him. But if Joseph 
and Hyrum had started for these mountains, he and his 
troops would have soon got tired of guarding the city, 
and gone about their business. The fear, however, that 
the Governor would do something of the kind, or that 
trouble would come upon the people and city, had its 
effect upon some few individuals. They were alarmed at 
.loseph and Hyrum going away. Joseph's wife also had 
written to him, and sent a messenger to intreat him to 
return to Nauvoo and to give himself up. These people 
either did not know how full of the spirit of murder the 
mob was, or they did not care whether Joseph was killed 
or not, so they escaped. The Governor had pledged liis 
faith and the faith of the State to protect him while he 
had a fair trial, and this they thought ought to be suffi- 
cient for Joseph to rely upon. How little they knew 
about the Governor and liis pledges, subsequent events 
proved. 

The messenger foun«>l Joseph, Hyrum and Willard in a 
room by themselves, with the jjrovisions which they 
needed for the journey ready for packing. Joseph waa 
urged by him and others, who came over from Nauvoo, 
to return and give himself up. He was told that it was 
cowardice in him to wish to leave the people — it would be 
like the shejiherd running from the flock and leaving the 
sheei) to be devoured by wolves. What language to use 
to a man as spirited as Joseph, who had never flinched in 
the hour of danger; but had always been ready to bare his 
breast to the storm and shown his willingness to die to 
save the people from difficulty! The reply which he 
made conveys an idea of the eflect tliese remarks had upon 
him, and how deeply he was wouiukd by them. "If my 
life is of no value to my friends," said lie, "it is of none to 
myself." He only lived for the kingdom of God and his 
friends. If those who ought to be his friends, and who 
ought to have an interest in his escaping from the hands 
of his enemies, were desirous to have him go wlicre cer- 
tain death awaited him, he was ready to take that step. 

When it was decided to go liack, he remarked: "we 
shall be butchered." There seems to have been no doubt 
upon his mind respecting the result of giving himself up. 
He was quite clear upon this point. On the other hand 
he knew that if lie and Hyrum could get away, the storm 
would blow over and the Saints would not be injured; 
but he would not go, even to save his life, against the 
wishes of his friends. This appears to have been the 
turning point in his and his brother Ilyrum's fate. They 
were now free, and the door of escape was open; but once 
in the hands of Governor Ford, or of the mob, for they 
were one and the same, then there was ho longer hope; 
they were doomed victims. 

(To be coiitiiiiirrl.) 



WicAR your learning like a watch, in a private pocket, 
and don't endeavor to show it unless you are asked what 
o'clock it is. 



If you cannot do as well as you wish, do as well as 
you can. 



m:s^- 



'te* 







CrTJ'VEISriLE IIsTSTI^/TJOTOI^ 




[For the Juvenile ftti^tntrfor. 
Ij E J^ S JV. I<r T J^l^vflTJSE- 



"l/'ERY often, when children get together, they want to 
' have some kind of amusement that is new. Tliey 
get tired of the old ones. 

"Wlio linows a new play?" 

Let me tell you about some plays very common at the 
West among children. They may be new to some of you 
at least. 

One is called "Guess." It afTords a fine chance for the 
disi)lay of "veutriloquistic" powers, and is quite amus- 
ing. 

The children form a circle, each joining hands with 
those on each side. Then some one is detailed to act as 
"Guesser." This one takes his place in the ring and has 
to be blindfolded. He is then given a stick. He thou 
says "March!" and the circle moves around until he says 
"Halt!" He then reaches out his stick and touches some 
one in the circle. The person touched takes hold of the 
stick. The "Guesser" then asks: "Who is it?" And 
here the fun comes in. 

The person who holds the other end of the stick must 
respond to all questions asked him by the "Guesser," but 
must try to alter or disguise his voice in such a way as to 
deceive the other. If the "Guesser" fails to name the 
right person, after asking five questions, the circle 
marches again, and another member has to go through 
with the examination. If, however, the "Guesser" calls 
the name of the person he is questioning before the five 
questions are asked, this person takes his place in the 
ring, and he becomes "Guesser." 

Another very popular play, and a very amusing one, is 
called "cstage Coach." 

The children sit around the room, taking care that 
every seat is .occupied, so that one boy or girl is left to 
stand in the centre. The person thus left standing pro- 
ceeds to give each person in the room the name of some 
par; of the stage coach. For instance, one is given the 
wheels, another becomes the axle, another the tongue, 
one the reach, another the tire, and so on. If desired, 
some one can be called tue horse, another the tugs, and 
the different parts of the harness be divided among the 
children. It affords much amusement to give some one 
the name of grandma, another that of grandpa, and 
another grandma's snutl'-box or grandpa's cane. 

The jDerson remaining then begias in something like 
this way: 

"The driver got up one morning and hitched up his 
horses. He got out his coach and examined the tire 
looked at the wheels, the hubs, and the axles; fixed the 
reach, cleaned the tongue, and put on the horses. He 
then drove down to the house and got grandma and 
grandpa, her snuff-box and his cane, and started off. He 
wentabout a mile, and then the staj^e-coach tripped over." 

Now the fun is like this: If you had the lame of driver 
and I was a hub, and Johnny, here, was a tongue, when 
the person who stands in the centre calls our names— that 
is, you understand, the names he has given us, we must 
get up and turn round and then sit down. 

Thus, if he says, "The driver got up," you must get 
up and turn around then he goes on "and looked 
at the hub of his wagon wheel"— why, there I, being 
hub, must get up and turn around; and if any one in 
the room happens to be called a wheel, that person 
must go through the same performance, and when he 
tells about the tongue, then Johnny must respond ia the 
same way. If you should not respond when he lalls your 



^f%-> I 



name, you must pay a forfeit. You see,',therefore, that you 
must be on the look-out, and not get caught napping. 
When he says the stage tipped over, then ensues a 
general scramble, for we must all change seats. Every 
one must secure a new one. Of course, the person who 
stood in the centre will aim to secure a seat, and if he 
gets one, it is plain to see that some one must be left 
without, as there were only seats enough for all the chil- 
dren but one at the commencement of the play. Tlie 
person left standing must take the place of the one who 
told us about the stage, and see what sort of a story he can 
get up about the different parts of the coach, the harness, 
grandma and her snuff box, and grandpa and his cane. 

Be lively and keep on the alert, for ten chances to one 
he will call your name when least you think. This is a 
very lively play and I know you will like it. 

Try it. 



OTJI^ 



Bii?.Ti3:i?.ia-H:T 



OIF 



Are we, the sons of American soil, 

Keared high on the mountains to struggle and toil, 
To tamely submit to let despots destroy 

Every right, that as freemen we wish to enjoy? 

While here we are exiled from our own beloved home, 
Let us claim the pure birthright of freedom, our own, 

We'll wave the bright banner of peace day by day. 
And call on all nations the truth to obey. 

Shall we, the proud sons of our patriot sires. 

Stand idliag arouad until freedom expires? 
No! we'll gh-d on the sword of the Spirit, and meet 

The foes of the Lord, and bid them retreat. 

Shall the blood of the prophets that's been shed in our cause, 
Vainly call us to stand and adhere to our laws? 

No! like them let us honor oar priesthood and head. 
Though like them we be martyr' d and join with the dead. 

Oscar B. Youno. 



Queen Caroline, one day observing that her daughter, 
the late Princess of Orange, had made one of the ladies 
stand a long time, while she was talking to her upon some 
trivial subject, indeed, until she was almost ready to faint, 
was resolved to give her a practical reprimand for her ill- 
behavior, that she should have more than verbal precept. 
When the Princess came to her in the evening, therefore, 
as usual, to read to her, and was drawing herself a chair 
to sit down on, the Queen said, "No, my dear, you must 
not sit at present; for I intend to make you stand this 

evening as long as you sufl'ered Lady to remain to-day 

in the same position. She is a woman of the first quality, 
but had she been a nursery-maid, you should have re- 
membered she was a human creature as well as your- 
self." 

A BOY named Henry Johnson, living in Michigan, 
climbed into an apple-tree, back of a farmer's house, the 
other night, and imitated the hooting of an owl so accu- 
rately that the farmer rushed out and put nine buckshot 
into him. It is said that Henry has not hooted since. 



"There is a lesson in each flower, 
A story in each stream and bower; 
In every herb on which we tread 
Are written words which, rightly read. 
Will lead us from earth's fragrant sod, 
To hope and holiness in God." 






*^)^ 16 



0" TJ "^T El Isr I Hi E! IIsrSTI?."CrOTO 12/ 



T TI E 



[For the Juvenile Inslructor. 



WE do not thiuk that the scene represented in this pic- 
ture is to be found in Utah, nor does it seem like an 
American scene. It is probably a view of some little 
spot in England, as the old thatched cottage and the aged 
basket-maker both look as though they belonged to that 
counti-y. The poor basket-maker appears to be very old 
to have to work for his living, and a poor living it no 
doubt is that he obtains from his trade; yet he seems 
happy and contented, and is most likely giving the boy 
some good advice, who looks as though he needed it. It 
seems hard that the aged and infirm who are poor shonUl 
have to toil day after day for a little food; but so it is 
nearly all over the world. It will not be so always; the 
time will come in the kingdom of God when there will 
be no necessity for very old people to labor hard. But 
such persons have to labor hard now in the world. Why? 
Because men and women have not kept the laws God has 

given to them. 11" 
they had done so, 
many of the evils 
that abound in the 
world, and that, in 
part, still exist 
among the saints, 
would have long ago 
pass e d away and 
this amongst the 
rest. We wonder 
what the old gentle- 
man is telling the 
boy. Something 
worth hearing, we'll 
he bound. We know- 
one thing he could 
say with truth. 
"My boy, if you 
wish to live to a good old age like me, there is no surer 
way than by obeying your parents; for God has said, 
'Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may 
be long in the land which the Lord thy God giveth 
thee,' and He has nowhere promised a long life to a dis- 
oledient child." 

We hope the old basket maker is happy; we think one 
so industrious at his age should be. And we liave no 
doubt he is, if he is a good man, and we are more apt to 
blieve he is good, seeing he is busy than if he were 
standing idling about with his hands in his pockets. We 
do not admire idlers, though we do not like the idea of 
the very aged being compelled to do hard work for a liv- 
ing. But if we enjoy' health and strength, we all can be 
Uhclul. Some of us think we are too young or too little. 
Even then we can belong to the "try family," and if we 
"try, try, try again," we are sure to find out something 
that we can do to help our parents or some one else who 
will be pleased to see our willingness. By tlie way, if we 
go to sclicol we can help our tcachere. "How so?" By 
j)aying attention to tlieir words, learning our lessons well 
and licbaving oursels'os in school like good boys and girls. 
That is tlie waj to aid our teachers, and do ourselves good 
also; for if we conduct ourselves in this manner, they 
will be able to te.ich us much more and with much greater 
l)leasure to themselves. Good bye for the present, we 
have said enougli to-day. 

T. Z. 




rlDlttal i^adtJg* 




[For the Juvenile Instructor, 



<^m 



TO THE STJlsTBEl^^IS^i:. 



O, beautiful sunbeam! 

We're thankful for you; 
Without yonr kind visits, 

Pray, what should we do? 

Thou life pulse of nature— » 

Promoter of healtli; 
Inspiring all beauty — 

Creating all wealth. 

Ton draw forth the products 

Of earth to our view; 
They gather their sweetness. 

And richness from you. 

You polish the blossoms, 
That gladden our sight; 

Their beauty and fragrance. 
Are formed by your light. 

There's life in your presence. 
And strength in your wing; 

Tou prompt the gay carol, 
And music of Spring, 

You dance on the hill top — 
You glide o'er the lawn — 
You warm up the breezes. 
As summer comes on. 

You sport on the lattice. 

And enter the bowers; 
You strengthen the fibres, 

Ot herbage and flowers. 

You flit thro' the window. 
You creep on the walls; 

Give joy to the parlors, 
The kitchen and halls. 

You give us the morning. 
And day's brilliant light; 

And your's are the moon-beams 
That cheer us at night. 

Thou beautiful sunbeam! 

More precious than dew. 
You are richer than jewels — 

We're thankful for you. 



E. R. S. 



CTTJ-^TEiTITiE :i2SrSTI?.TJCTOI^ 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Teriitory, 
EVERY OTUER SATITRDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, :EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Hiniilc <-'<>p!/, jxr Annum 9'i 00. 

(Hinyle Cujiy, for Six Montlm 1 00. 

iiKrOniin brort:lit to this City for the .IiivKMi.K Ixsrr.iK toe will f 
received at the ull.ic of our paper— UtBKBKr Kews liiiLUi-M^s. 



.^^ 




