k/« 



^^ 






alhuss h i\t Jwrltjl 




VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1871. 



NO. 10. 



•I?H:E3 DDEOT-i^I^^TIOIsr OiFATV^^I?. ^T BEI?>XjXZSr. 



IN our l:i«t nuuiljcr wc gave an il!u«tration of tlio mamior in 
which the Jedaration of war was received by many of the 
l)eoiile of Franee. In this number we i)re,sent a view of the 
seene witnessed in front of King William's i)alaee, at Berlin, 
wlieu the news reached that city of the declaration of war by 
France. The French government communicated to the Senate 
their intention of declaring war against Prussia at 1 p. m. on 
the 15th of July. Upon that day King William of Prussia was 
traveling liy si)C- 
cial train from a 
place called Lms 
to Berlin, the 
capital of In s 
kingdom. lie did 
not receive the 
news of the French 
declaration of w a 
till he reached the 
depot at Berlin 
A t<.>legrani co n 
taining the news 
was brought to the 
Bail way station 
and was read al lud 
to the King by 
Bismarck. lie w is 
acconipan led b j 
his son, the Crown 
Prince, and the 
chief generals of 
his arnjy. Tlu^y, 
it is very likely, 
W(;re prejjai'ed fir 
thi^ news. Now, 
in looking back at 
the events of the war, it appears that Prussia, if shi; did not 
want war was, at least, jirepared for war. But it isjirobable that 
King William's treatment of the French embassador (Benedetti) 
at his aiurt was intended to provoke a diiliculty out of 
which war might grow. 

The news sj)read in J5erli?i, that war ha<l been declared, like 
wild-fire. Along the route from llie station to the Jialaee, the 

I Jile clieered the King, and the National anthem was sung by 

(liousands of voi<'es under the windows. It is said that upwards 
,,(' 11)0,000 persons were assendilcd bi'tween the railway station 
jiud the iial;u(!. The King reached his jialace in the evening 
;ind was receiveil with immense enthusiasm. lie ciimc forward 




rejieatedly to the windows and saluted and thanked the crowd. 
The streets were decorated with flags, and one promenade was 
illuminated. But no houses were allowed to illuminate, as it 
was felt that the occasion was not one of rejoicing. Tius scene 
of great excitement lasted till daylireak. All classes and ages 
took part in it, and through that night many bitter sobs wore 
heard friim those whose loved ones were likely to be carried ofl' 
to the war, at the thought that they might never see them any 

more in this world. 
And well might 
they wee p; who 
would not h a v e 
wept if they could 
have realized the 
dreadful amount of 
suft'ering, misery 
and death that was 
I 1 1 f o How the 
declaration of war 
which had j ust 
been received'/ 
Wlio would not 
have mourned if 
I hey could have 
iiiuntcd the many 
thousands whose 
Cam i 1 y c i r c 1 e s 
would never behold 
them again alive, 
or the moth ers, 
sisters, wives and 
daughters who 
would lament the 
loss of the dear 
ones, whose bodies 
would iiiouldeu' in distant and uid<niiwn graves? 

NEVFK be sorry Ibr any giMieroiis thing tliat .vnu ever diil, 
even if it was betrayed. Never bi^ sorry that .vou gave. It 
was right for you to give, even if you were in)i)oscd uiuin. 
You winuot afford to keep on the safe side by being mean. 



THOSE who visit the higher regions of our al spheiv by 

mountains or balloons, tell us that the pleasant bhu' gradually 
Ijasses intx) an inten.se black. At last the stars glitter on a back- 
ground of perfect jet. 



I 



74r 



^^ 



J TJ "V E 3Sr I IL. E! IHiTSTI^TJOTOK,, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



"v*; 
% 



iPYi^iTES-nsro 1. 



IT is ill tho vaiious crystilizod forms that tlio sulphides inv. 
iiitcrostiiig ; who Joi's not rouiemh-'r the onintioiis espenoiKnl 
I'll first .seoiii!.' a huiidsnuio .spociuion of IVritcs? The foiiibiria- 
liiiii (if .siiljihur with iron alone, freijiunitly results in a very 
striking formation, symmetrieal and beautiful spoeimens are 
sliown in many niinorali^gieal cabinets throughout the world 
that show the operations t>f the natural Uirees iu elaborating 
various forms of matter in a wonderf'id manner. Even iu our 
^Museum, that has so reeently spnuig into existence, there may 
be seen jiyrite in cubic cryst;ds striated on the face in a manner 
that resembles a work of art, and in dusters that resemble 
fruit and flowers made of gold. 

Tlie name pyrite is derived from i>yr, fire, and alludes to its 
hardness in being used to strike with to obtain sparks of fire by 
friction. For this inirposc it was used anciently, as well as flint, 
which, up to comjiaratively recent times, was kept in evej-y 
house to obtain fire. Tliere are inan.v ditFereut kinds of 
pjTites, the brassy kind (in color) iu crystals is the true jiyrite ; 
man-asite, is also u.sed as a name for pyrite ; there is a golden 
.vellow kind (copjier jiyrites) and varieties that resemble differ- 
ent things, giving rise to the name "Cockscomb pyrites" "cellu- 
lar ii.vrites,' ki:. Some kinds take their names from their 
chemical character, as nickel, cobalt, stanniferous, auriferous 
)i.vritcs, i*cc., which means respectively, that the metal nickel, 
cobalt, tin, or gold is c<intiiined. 

It will l)e well to explain to the studi'ut why the termination 
■femus' is adiled to thi' name of a metal to expre.ss the (|iialily 
I'f a mineral; it is a conveni('nt mode of conve.ving the idea of 
|Hiwer to produce, the word 'f'ro' means to bear, or carry. 
Hence auri (frnm Aurum, gold) and ferous (from fero, to 
rarry I l)econies aurifeixms, gold bearing, stamii (from Stannum, 
tin! and ferous becomes stannifi'rous, tin bearing; Cupri (from 
Cnpmni, copper) becomes cuprifeniu.s, for coiijier bearing; in 
this way all the terms used in describing the differeut forms of 
pyrites nia.v, by a little att<;ntion, be understood. 

Niiw there is one fact rcsjiecting pyrites: viz. that in gold 
111 ariiiir regions the pyrites generally contain gold; another is 
that when iron ore contains gold it is generally a mass of decom- 
piis.d pyriti's. I'yrite is extremely liable to decomposition, 
th' stud lit may see that by its fiirninla Fe 28 that is an atom 
iif in.ii and two atoms of sulphur. The atoms of suljihur an' 
rvr rrady to absorb ox.vgen and thus become soluble in water 
and coii.seqiiently removable in .solution. This kinil of change 
is ifiti.stanti.v going on, the .suljihid- of iron beiriniing oxidized 
more or les.s; the.se changes may bo seen in our rocks on care- 
I'ld examination, tlie o.\idation beginning fniui the circumfer- 
i-iice of a ma.s.s and gradually penetrating to the centre. 

Hen\ in this fin", fne, glorious ciuntry, where the great 
can' of our Hi'avenly Father ft so conspieiioiis in having made 
vast store lious -s in the ile|)ositories of the "'i'verla.sting hills," 
rieli in cvrry niiiieril trea.sun: fiir our u.se; here, wln're tin' 
rork.sare .seen in our streets, careles.slv thrown away 'becau.se 
they contain nothing.' i. e. neither gold nor silver; here, where 
the marvellous is being continually broii'.dit forth from the 
l«iwe|s of the earth to .show u.s lie hrindy-work of the Creator, 
who ha.s not an npiKirfunily to 

"I.iKjk tliruiigli nntiirr, iiji to iialiirc's (iod!" 

J5ETJI. 



THE SE^ OIF G-^XjILEE. 



WE arc pmnc to judge others narmwly, by their |)arlirnlar 
aet.o. We like our.selvcs to be judged generously, by our Hjiirit. 



IX a very valuable work entitled "Eecovery of JeniSiilem," 
by Cajifain C. W. Wilson, II. E., occurs the following descrip- 
tion of the little sea so linked with the memory of a world's 
Itedeemer: — 

There are it is true, no ])iue-clad hills rising from the very 
head of the lake ; no bold head-lands lireak the outline of its 
shores; and no loft.v precipices throw their shadows over its 
waters; liut it has, nevertheless, a beauty of its own which 
would always inake it remarkable. The hills, cxceiit at Khan 
Minych, where there is a small cliflF, are recessed from the shore 
of the lake, or rise gradually from it; they are of no great eleva- 
tion, and their outline, espeeiall.y on the eastern side, is not 
broken by any jironiiiient ]ieak ; but everywhere from the 
southern end the snow-capped peak of Hermonis visil)le, stand- 
ing out so sharp and clear in the bright sky, that it appears 
almost within reach, and, towards the north, the western ridge 
is cut through b.v a wild gorge, "The valle.v of Poves," over 
which rise the twin iioaks or horns of Hattiii. The shore line, 
tor the most part regular, is broken on the north into a series of 
little bays of exijuisitc beauty ; nowhere more beautifid than at 
Gennesareth, where the beaches, nearly white with myriads of 
minute shells, are on one side washed by the limpid waters of' 
the lake, and on the other shut in by a fringe of oleanders, rich 
in May with their '"blossoms red and bright." * * 

The lake is jiear-shapcd, the broad end being towards the 
north; tho greatest width is six and three quarter miles, from 
JMejdel, "Magdala," to Khersa, "Gcrgcsa," about one-third of 
the wa.v down, and the extreme length is twelve and a quarter 
miles. The Jordan enters at the north, a swift, mudd.v stream, 
coloring the lake a good mile from its mouth, and passes out 
pure and bright at the south, (hi the north-western shore of 
the lake is a jilain, two and a-half miles long and one mile 
broad, called l)y the Bedouins El Crhuweir, but better known by 
its familiar Bible name of Gennesareth ; and on tho northeast, 
near the Jordan's mouth, is a swamji.v iilain. El Batihah, now 
much frequented by wild boar, formerly the scone of a skirmisli 
between the .lews and Romans, in which Josephns met with an 
accident that necessitated his removal to Capernaum. On the 
west there is a recess ui the hills, containing the town of Tibe- 
rias; and on the east, at the mouths of Wadys Seniakh and Fik, 
are small tracts of level grouml. On the south, tlie fine 0)1011 
valle.v of the Jorilan strotches awa.v towards the Head 8ea, and 
is covered in the neighborhood oC tin- lake with hixnriant grass. 

The water of the lake is bright, clear and sweet to the taste, 
exce])t in the iKMghliorhood of the salt sprin,u's, and where it is 
defiled by the draina,i.'e of Tiberias. ]ts level, which varies con- 
siilerably at different times of the ,vear, is between (iOd feet and 
7(10 feet below that of the Jledittn'ranean, a jieeuliarity to 
which the district owes its genial winter climate. In summer 
the heat is great, but never excessive, as there is usually a 
morning and evening breeze. Sudden storms, such as those 
mentioned in the New Testanient, are by no means uncoinnion ; 

and 1 had a g 1 .■.p|)or(unit.v of watching one of them from the 

ruins of Gainala on the eastern hills. 

The nioniiiig was deligbll'ul; a gentle oasti'rly breeze, and 
not a cloiid in the sky to give warning of what was coining. 
Suddenly, alioiit mid-day, there was a sound of dist-int thunder, 
and a small cloud, "no bigger than a man's hand," was s(!eii 
running over the heights of ]jubieh, to the west. In a few 
moments the cloud began to sjiroad, and heavy black tnasses 
Clime rolling down the hills towards the lake, comiiletely 
ob.scuring Tabor and llattin. At this moment the breeze died 
away, there were a few minutes of jierftict e4dni, during which 
I lie sun shone out with intense power, and tlu^ silifaci^ of the 
lake was smooth ami even as a mirror; Tiberias, Mejdel and 
,,lhi'r buildings stood out in sharp relief from the gloom behind; 



It they were soon lo.st sight of as the tliiinder-giist swejit jiast 



l?5^- 






W 



0- TJ 'V' E I^ I L E IlsrSTI?.TJOTOI2/. 




l\ 



them, andj rapidly advancing across the lake, lifted the placid 
■water into a bright sheet of foam : in another moment it 
reached the ruins, driving myself and companion to take refuge 
in a cistern, where for an hour we were confined, listening to 
the rattling peals of thunder and torrents of rain. The eiFect 
of half the lake in perfect rest, whilst the other half was in 
perfect confusion, was extremely grand; it would have fiired 
badly with any light craft caught iu mid-lake by the storm ; and 
We could not help tliinking of that memorable occasion on which 
the storm is so graphically described as "couiing down" upon 
the lake. 

The Sea of GalUee now, as in the days of our Saviour, is well 
stocked with various species of fish, some of excellent flavor. 
One species often ajipears in dense masses, which blacken the 
surflice of the water, the individual fish behig packed so closely 
together that on one occasion a single shot from a revolver killed 
three. These shoals were most frequently seen near the Gen- 
nesareth ; perhaps not far from that place where the disciples 
let down their nets into the sea, and "'enclosed a great multitude 
of fishes; and their net brake." 

Selected. 



nvnissioisr^i^Y sicetokces. 



{Continued.) 

THE morning after the meeting alluded to in my last we 
learned that the priests and parsons of the difl'erent 
denominations had met and decided to unite in preventing their 
people from coming to hear us preach, for tlie.y .said that we 
were dangerous men, and we were of the class of false prophets 
that Jesus spoke of that should come in the last days to deceive 
tlie people. We had labored a few weeks in this city and had 
baptized a few into the Church when we received a letter from 
Emue Plains, .stilting that the people would like to see and hear 
a Mormon Elder. Emue Plains was a distance of sixty mDes 
from where we were, and when we .started it had been raining 
about a week, and a great portion of the country was flooded 
with water. We had a large river to cross on the way, and we 
were informed that the bridge had been carried off, and there 
was a ferry establi-shed across the river which chai-ged five 
shillings each ])as.senger. We did not have any money with 
which to pay this charge, and my companion was anxious to 
know what we .should do for money to pay the ferriage with. 
We were then about three miles from the ferry and were passmg 
through timber. I said to him that we would go into the 
woods and pray to God to open the heart of some one to give it 
to us. We did so, and we had traveled but a short distance 
through a lane between two fields, when we looked ahead of us 
a short distance, and .saw an old man coming across the field. 
He canu! into the road ahead of us and as he came to meet us he 
had a smile on his countenance. Ho reached his hand to mo as 
if to shake hands, and left a crown or five .shilling piece iu my 
hand, and went to my companion and did the same; but spoke not 
a word. I cannot describe the feeling that we had when the man 
took hold of our hands; we felt our hearts liurn within us, and 
it did not .seem that we had iiowi^' to ask him his name or where 
he was from, as we usually did when a i)er.son gave us any article 
of clothing or nione.v. He was a man about six feet high well 
proportioned, and wore a suit of light gray clothes and a broad 
brimmed hat, and his hair and beard were about eighteen inches 
long and as white as snow. We passed on and came to the 
ferry and the money that we had was just enough to pay our 
ferriage. We came to Emue i'lains and labored and preached 
one month and baptized and organized a branch of the Church 
with twenty-one members, so you .see that God our Fatlier 
fjpcned uji our way to pnjach the gospel. We returned to 
Kidney and met in council with the Anierii-an Elders. We 
came to the conclusion that we would like to have more inUu- 



ence with the people. We went before the parliament of New 
South Wales colony, and applied to get our names registered as 
ministers of the gospel, in common with ministers of other 
denominations in that country. We spent two daj's answering 
the questions of the governor and of the members of parliament, 
and they decided that the doctrine that we taught was a 
scriptural doctrine, and therefore we should be protected in our 
rights as ministers of the gospel. They then furnished us with 
blank books and forms to solcnmize man'iages and register 
births and deaths in the Cimrch of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. Having procured our licenses we were encouraged with 
the idea that we could now do more good among the people. 
By this time a large amount of books had arrived from the 
Liverpool ofiice, England, and we started again for the interior 
of the country taking with us books and tracts. 

Gamberriar was a mining town containing twenty thouf5and 
inhabitants. To this place we repaired. We commenced traveling 
through the city, talking to the ])eople and selling our books and 
tracts; but, to begin with, could not get any place to preach in. 
Early one morning, before we started out on our labors for the 
day, an officer with six men came with a writ to take us before 
the judge of that district, to answer to five different complaints. 
We were charged with being gtiilty of treason against the Gcjv- 
erment, with being horse tliieves, with selling goods without a 
license, with jireaching a blasphemous doctrine, and with trying 
to cause a rebellion. The court was in session, and we were 
brought before the judge and the trial came on. The charges 
were read and we were asked : "are you guilty or not guilty." 
We answered not guilty.The words of Jesus came to our minds: 

"But when thoy dclivor you up, take no tIious;!it how or what ye 
shall speak; for it shall lie i;iven j-ou iu that sauie liour what ye shall 
speak. For it is not 3'e that epeak, but the Spii-it of your Father 
which Bpeaketh ui you." 

Our aceu.sers were two merchants, two lawyers and one doc- 
tor. They commenced giving in their evidence one by one, and 
after the judge had heard it all, he asked us if we had any 
defense to make, or if we wanted a lawyer. We told him we 
did not want a lawyer, but we had a defense to make ; and as 
my companion was my senior in age, he arose to make our 
defense before the court. He conmienced on the treaty between 
England and America ; he had not spoken but a few minut<!S 
when the Holy Spirit rested on him in .such a way as I had 
never seen before. His face was very white, and he spoke with 
great power and authority. The judge looked amazed. The 
house and yard were full of men who were all silent for one 
hour. When he was through we ])resented our passports from 
the city of Washington, our reconnuendation from the First 
Presidency of the Church, and our licenses from the parliament 
of New South Wales colony. 

The judge then arose, and said : 

"Gentlemen, my decision in this case is, that j'ou, the 
accusers who have In-ought these men before this court under 
the pretense of grave charges, have not jiroved auylliiug against 
them. To the prisoners I say, you are honorably aciiuitted. 
You are strangers to us, but I believe that you are gentlemen of 
honor, or our government would not have given you the docu- 
ment that you bear with you. Go your way in peace, and we 
are bound to protect you from the ruthless hands of degraded 
men. I am .sorry tliat we have i)ut you to so nmch trouble, 
but go hi peace." 

After court adjourned, I heard the peoi)le say that if we did 
not leave the town, we would lind ourselves iu a deep hole .sunn- 
night, so we concluded to leave, but not before we had Sdld one 
hundred vohnnes of dUr books. We left a testiuiouy willi them 
that they will never forget. 

Payson, AMASA POTTER. 

[To be con/inurd.] 



IT is only by laljor tli.-it thought can be made liealtliy and 
only by tiiought that labor can be made hap|iy. 



'^^^ 






^ 



s^^»^- 



76 



J"U"V" E ILTI 1.1 E i:LTSTI?,TJOTOi^, 



(I 









'tiy 



CEORCE Q. CANNON -■ - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1S71. 

EIDITOK.TJk.L THTOTJO-HITS. 




[Uli readers all know ^vlmt a "drive" is. 
The iiion of a neii;bl)orhood join together 
and drive ii]i all the stoek that i.s loose on 
the ranges into one plaee, so that every 
] person who owns an animal or animals can 
L'et theiu. \Ye have just had sueh a drive 
in this eount.v, and the stoek have been 
ilriven into this city. Large numbers of 
horses were brought in ; they ai)i)ear to be 
more numerous than any other animals. 
Having run on the range for months and years, 
and many of them ever since they were foaled, 
they were, f>f course, very wild. And when the 
men and boys went among them to try and catch 
them, they did all in their power to keeji out of 
■ir way. The only way they could get hold of 
hem was by using the las.so. This is a very cruel 
way of catching horses, and ought never to be prac- 
tised by a iicojile like us. It is onl.v fit for s;iva.ires 
like the Indians in their wild state, or a rude, barbarous jieople, 
like the Californians wi're when we .settled this valley. After 
throwing the lasso on a horse, he struggles to get away until he 
i.s choked down, and many good horses arc ruined by this oi)cr- 
ation. The Si)aniards and Indians suffered their horses to run 
■wild in bands on the plains, and when th(»y wanted to cat*-li 
one, they had tn run afti^'r him until be was ncai'ly tired out 
and then c;itch him with a lasso, or drive him into a place 
where the las.so could be thrown on bim. 

At this drive, of which we sjieak, the la.sso was used very 
freely, and wild horses were niount*'d and ridden with sj)Urs m 
a very cnul manner. We felt disgii.sted with the conduct of 
.some boys and young men toward their hor.ses; the.v treated 
the jxK^ir dumb creatures, which God had given them, as 
though they had no feeling. Such c-onduct is brutid and sinful, 
and i)Unishmcnt in .some form will fall upon tho.se who indulge 
in it. Because a man or a \K>y owns a horse, has he, tlierefore, 
the right to abu.se it, to whip it. to choke it, to spur it, or to 
drive it almo.s't crazy by his brutality? Certainl.v not. And as 
.sure as he lives he will be held acc-ountable for .such treatment 
of the animals which he has in his power. 

But, it may be said, if hor.ses will act badly, what cm yoU do 
with them? They arc wild, and will not li't you catch them, 
and they must be la.s,soe(l ; and then y(ju cannot bclji choking 
them; and if you mount them, they will not go unless you si)ur 
them. 

Tliis i.s so where hor.ses arc left to run wild ; but the .system 
of .suffering horses t<> run at large until they get wild is wrong 
from bi'ginning to end. Should lior.s<\s, however, through acci- 
dent or to .suit the wmveiiiencc of their owners, become wild, it 
is wicked and cruel for a man or a lK)y to expect them to be 
tame, and to abu.sc them because tlii^.v are not time. The hor- 
ses do not know what is want<>d of them ; they are almost 
scared U) death, and are .sure Ui show their fear and to do all in 
thfir power to get away from a person of whom they are afriiil. 
If they arc wild, they should be trcat<'d with the grc.itest kind- 
ness. They .should be .shown that it is not the intention t<i hurt 
them, then tliey will have confidence and their fear will pass 
off. If a horse is treated kindly, he will not be vicious and he 



will do all in his power for his master. But scare him by 
swinging a lasso around him, then choke him till he tumbles 
half-dead on the ground, then whip him U^ make him get up, 
fasten a saddle on his back, mount him with sjiurs and spur 
him uutil his sides are covered with blood, and is it strange 
that he struggles against and resents such treatment, or that he 
tries to throw his rider ? Children, suppose a strong person 
were to treat you so, would you not do all in your power to 
hurt him or to get away from him ? , 

We say again such cruelty as many boys and men practice 
towards animals, is very siijful, and they ought to be ashamed 
of their conduct. Will a man or boy who has the Spirit of God 
be cruel or unkind to dumb creatures because they are in his 
power ? No, for the Spirit of God fills men and boys with love 
and comi>assion, and they would as .soon think of abusing their 
wmipanions as tlu^y would of abusing a horse, ox or any other 
animal . 

Young ladies, never jmt yourselves in the power or under the 
control of .young men who treat their animals badly; for if you 
become their wives, they will abuse you. A man who is cruel 
to a helpless, dumb creature like a horse or an ox, which cannot 
complaiuof him, has cruelty in bis nature; and when he gets 
a child or a woman in his power, he will be unkind to her; 
ho is not fit to lie a husband or a father, and ought to be 
.shunned. 

God, our Father, has made the beasts, the birds and the lish, 
and he has i)laced them on the earth for man's use. He has 
made us lords over them, and he is a coward and a tyrant who 
Would abuse or inflict pain n|>on them. And remember this, 
tlod will call us to judgnuMit for all our acts. If we have made 
a bad use of our power wbili! here, he will take it from us here- 
after; but if we have made a jiroper use of it, he will give us 
more power; for we shall have proved that we can be trusttid. 
If you had horses, cattle, birds and fishes would j'ou give them 
to a person who ill-treated and gave them pain? No you would 
not. You would say, " I will give them to somebody else who 
will take care of and treat them kindl.v ; for I do not want them 
to suffer." Recollect, we are not .so ju.st as God, and if W(! 
would do this, we may be sure that He would, for lie loves all 
the creatures which lie has jilaced on the earth. They are Ilis, 
and not a sjiarrow falls to the ground without His notice. 

Be kind, therefore, to aU the creatures around. Do not hurl 
them without a just cau.se. Ask yourself how .vou would like 
a jierson who had .vou in his power to treat you, and then ti-eat 
animals which you have Iti charge accordin.gly. I)o you not 
think they know when they are well-treated? Certainly they 
do. And they will love, and be willing, hard-working, failhl'id 
servants, to those who treat them kindlv. 



THE ingenuity that is required to frame excuses by some 
bo.ys and girls, and men and women too, if u.sed in other 
diriH-tions might be very useful. There arc scmie chikh-en who 
alwa3's have an excuse to offer for a neglect of dut.y. If the.v 
arc late at school, and you ask tlu'in the reason, they have an 
excuse ready. If they fail to get their lessons, they are ready 
with an excuse. If they are .sent on an errand, and do not 
return in time, they have a reason to give for it. Their minds 
arc excecdiMgly fertile and its strength runs t4) the framing of 
excuses. You never find them without one. It is all well 
enough to be able to exiilain the reasons of neglect wluiii you 
are guill.v of it; but, the habit r)f making excu.ses, .-ind trusting 
to them instead of doing what is required, is a very bad one, and 
tho.si! who indulge in this habit will he apt to grow up .shiftless 
men and women. 



A FIRM faith is the best theology; a good life the best 
pliil(jsojjhy ; a clear conscience! the best law; honctsly the best 



Jiolicy ; and tcnijirrani:e the best Jihy.sic;. 



M 



'i^^il 




J'TJ^EISriXjEi in^STI^TJOTOI?. 



:P0I^Ti:FI0.A.I02Sr OIP the OITY OIP livdCETZ 



(^ 

•"y- 



THE city of Jletz, before the late war ))etwcen France and 
Prussia, was a very important place. It was one of the 
chief fortified cities of Franco. It is a very old city and was 
known to the Romans. Formerly it was a German city, but 
was united with France in 1552. Since the close of the war it 
has been taken possession of by the Prussians, and is now a 
part of the empire of Germany, of which the King of Prussia is 
Emperor. 

On July nth, 
two days subse- 
quent to the formal 
declaration of war 
by France against 
Prussia, so rapid 
were the ui o v e - 
ments and concen- 
tration of troops on 
the French fron- 
tier, that the city 
of Metz was filled 
with cavalry and 
artillery regiments. 
These were t e m- 
porarily cneanjped 
on and without the 
works. The city 
of Metz is at the 
confluence of the 
Moselle with the 
Seille, and is con- 
neet«d by railway with T\aris, and arotmd the f irtifications of 
this famed city brge divisions of the Prussian army gathered, 
with the intention of assaulting and talking it before resuming 
their march toward the French c;i]iital. 

The' Porte des AUemands, or the Gate of the Germans, of 
which we give an illustration, is one of the seven gates of Metz. 
This gate was constructed in the fifteenth century, and is a very 
interesting specimen of the military architecture of the middle 
ages. It was one of the points against which the Em- 
peror Charles V. principally directed his efforts in the seige of 
l.>o2. After encamping about it for ten months he had to raise 
the seige and give up his attempt to capture the city. It was at 
tiiis s;'ige that he made the remark, which has become historic, 
that "fortune is a woman, and favors only the young." This 



was applied to the Due de Guise, who had thrown himself into 
the place, and whose defence saved it, being at the tune com- 
parativcl.v a young man. . 

But the Prussians, under Prince Frederick Charles, were 
more fortunate. Jlarshal Bazaine with his anuy shut himself 
up in Metz, and tried to defend the city ; but after a seige of 
seventy days he surrendered. The French Eepublican govern- 
ment called him a 
traitor for so d(. ii:g. 
His order of the 
day, addressed to 
the French army, 
declares that they 
had done '"all that 
was loyall.v i)ossi- 
ble," and he re- 
minded his troops 
that they were con- 
quered liy famine. 
IJut the pco]ile of 
he city, it seems, 
did not take the 
same view of the 
-iurrender thiit he 
did. They were 
'ircatly enraged 
with him fljr giving 
up. After ihc sur- 
render he set off' in 
a carriage for the 
German frontier, but he had a narrow escap:; of being stoji]i(Hl 
and iU-trcated. 
A correspondent in writing of the surrender said : 
"The more we think of it, the more does it seem like an im- 
possible dream. Here are thr.ie field-marshals, 50 generals, ('),(}( 10 
officers, and 17o,000 of the flower of the French army, tiling out 
before less than 200,000 (rerman soldiers and givuig themselves 
uj) as in'isoners of war." 

There were l',),000 sick in the French army and garrison at the 
time Metz was given up; and M5,00i) are said to have died at or 
near Metz from the beginning of the war u]) to that time. Ba- 
zaine' s army marched out of Metz on the 2yth of Oct., 1870, Now 
that IMetz has fallen into the hands of the I'russians, they will 
si)aro no expense to make it a mighty and imin-egnable stronghold. 




A FAITHFUL SHEPHERD BOY.— Gerhardt was a Ger- 
man shei)herd boy ; a noble fellow he was, too, although he was 
vtrry, verv poor. 

One day while he was watching his flock, which was feeding 
in a valley on the borders of a forest, a hunter came out of the 
woods and asked : 

"How far is it to the nearest village?" 

"Six miles, sir," rejilied the boy, "but the road is only a 
she(;i)-track, and vny easily missed : 

The hunter glanced at the crooked track and siiid ; 

"My lad, I am hungry, tired, and thirsty. I have lost my 
(■iinjiianions and missed my way. Leave your shoe]) and show 
mc the road. I will ])ay you well." 

" I cannot leave my sheep, sir," rejoined Gerhardt. "They 
would stray into the forest, and be eaten by wolves, or stolen by 
robbers." 

" Well, what of that?" queried the hunter. " Tliey are not 
your sheep. The loss of one or more wouldn't be much to your 
master, and I'll give you more money then you have earned in 
a whole year." 

"I cannot go, sir," rejoiiK'd Gerhardt, very finnly. "My 



master pa.vs me for m.v time, and he trusts me with his sheep. 
If I were t<5 sell my time, which does not belong to me, and the 
sheeji should get lost, it would be the same as if I stole them." 

"Well," said the hunter, "you will tru.st your sheep with 
mo while you go t<i the village and get some food and drink, 
and a guide? I will take care of them for j'ou." 

The boy shook his head. "The shoe])," said he, "do not 
know your voice, and — " Gerhardt stojipcd speaking. 

"And what? Can't .vou trust me'^ Do I look like a dis- 
honest man?'' asked the hunter, angrily. 

"Sir," said tlu^ boy, " .vou tried to make me fdse (o my 
trust, and wanted m(,' to break m.v word to my master. IbiW 
do I know .Vou Would keej) .vour wcu'il to me?" 

Tlie hunter laughed, tor he felt that the boy had I'aii-ly 
cornered him. He said: "I see my lad, that y<ni niv a good, 
faithful boy. I will not forget you. SIujW me the road and I 
will try Ui make it out myself." 

(jlerhardt now offered the hund)le contents of his scrip to the 
hungry man, who, coarse as it was, ale it gladl.v. I'reseiitly 
his att<'nclants came up, and (Ikmi (lerhardt, to his surprise, 
found tiiat the hunter was the grand duke who owned all the 



B 






ir« 



78 



a"TJ"^rEi<riLE! iisrsTi?.-croToi?/, 



.r<^ 



country around. The duke was so pleased witli the boy's hon- 
esty that he sent fur him shortly after and had hiui educated. 
In aft«r years Gerhardt became a very rich and powerful man 
but he remained honest and true to his dying day. 

Honesty, truth and fidelity are precious jewels in the 
character of a child. When they spring from piety they are 
pui-e diamonds, and make the possessor very beautiful, very 
happy, very honorable, and very useful. Jlay you, my readers. 
Wear them as Gerhardt did. 






TIIE .substance of the following little sketch was told U> the 
writer by the .subject of it, whu is an Elder in the Church, 

and lives in this city. His name is Hubert 1' k. We give 

it in Words as near liLs own as we can remember: I was born 
and reared in the city of Glasgow, Scotland. I jxissed my boy- 
hood without thinking much on religious matters till I was 
about eighteen years of age. At this period of my life I was 
walking along what is railed the Green, a kind of public 
Park, when my attention was attracted by some men discussing 
publicly the juiiRUiles of religion. One of them was a l^aj)- 
tist and I cuuld see that he had the best of the argiunent, lia]j- 
tisui by immersion beh)g a bible doctrine. This was on a 
Sunday evening. After listening to the discussion for sunu' 
time I was attracted to a place wh(>re anotlicr man was prraih- 
ing. This one jimved to be an Elder of the C'hunli uf Jesus 
Christ of Latt«T-day Saints. And I was so .struck with the 
principles lie advanced tiiat I drank down greedily every word 
he spoke, and on hearing him tell where the meeting house of 
the Latter-day Saints was situated, I went there. I was, how- 
ever, too bashful to go inside, but I walked back and f )rth 
around the building, listening and uitehing what<'ver words I 
cf>nld. I was out later than usual that night and whitn 1 got 
home I was r|uestioned as to the wiuse of my absence, by my 
mother, (my father had been dead many years) and brothers. 
I said, 1 had been to hear the ''JMormons.'' 

'"Wiio are the Mornion.s?" 

Why, the followers of Joe Smith, said I. But T bad nu 
.sooner said this than a sharp pang .shut through me and I felt 
oniulenined Cjr sjieakiiig thus irreverently of the i)rophet. 1 
did it becau.se I thought it would cxcu.se me in the eyes of my 
relations. I knew I had done wrong, for young as 1 was I 
felt dee])ly inipre.s.sed with the idea that Joseph Smith was 
really a pnii>het of God. As it was, I was severely rejiri- 
nianded for staying out .so late. 

Shortly after this I went to meeting and heard Eldi-r John 
Taylur speak on the setting-up of the Kingdom of Gud iu the 
latter da.vs, which did a great deal towards convincing me that 
the Lord had revealed the gospel in this a,ge. After attending 
mei-ting fur some time I was finally bai)tizecl into the Chnrch, 
and was filled with joy becjiu.se 1 knew that I was indeed a 
menilMT of the true Church of Christ. 

Knowing that if my mother and fuur brothers discovered 
that I had joined the nuirch 1 would have no peace at lionio I 
kept the matter secret from them. I was but an ai>iirentice 
and only earning the mnall .sum of three shillings a week (cfiu.al 
to seventy five cents in silver) and was, therefore, somewhat 
dependent on niy relations. I was abuut to get my wages 
rai.s<;d one .shilling a week, and my eldest bnither, Hugh pru. 
po.sed that he should gi>t me a suit of clothes and 1 jiay this 
shilling a week until the .suit was paid for, so that I might go 
to chun-h with the rest of the family. 1 was glad t^i exehange 
on Sundays, my riM patchi'd, shabby working suit liir some 
n'sp*^-!!!)!..' clothing, and it was agreed to. On the fi)llowing 
Sunday morning I went to meeting as usual and was compli- 



mented by the President of the Branch, on my improved per- 
sonal appearance. When I got home in the evening the first 
question asked of me was, 

''Where have you been J" 

''I have been to meeting." 

"What meeting?'' 

"I have been to hear the Latter-day Saints," 

"At this there was a perfect storm raised about my ears. I 
went and got the old family bible and laid down the "law and 
the testimony." In answer to all they woidd s;iy, I quoted and 
read from the Bible. I explained the i)rinciples of the gospel 
of Jesus and the strongest argument any of them used was iu 
each picking up his hat and walking out. 

On the following day (Monday) I felt somewhat timid about 
going home in the evening, for I had dreamed on the Sunday 
night that my brothers were i)lotting to turn me out of the 
house. However, home I went, and just as I ajiproached the 
door I heard their voices in conversation, and they were saying 
they would ask me which I would choose, to leave "Mormon- 
ism" or the house, and John, who was always more rabid and 
unkind than the rest, said ho would not even let me eat my 
sujijier until I had decided what I should do, I walked bold- 
ly in, sat down and commenced eating sujiper. Tiiey sat silent 
for a short time, when finally Hu.gh put the question to mo as 
to whether I woiUd renounce "iMormonism," tor if I did not, I 
would have to leave the house. I again brought down m.v old 
friend the family bible, and said : "Hugh, if you will iirove to 
me from that siicred book that I am wiimg in adhering io 
-Murnionism, or rather the gusjiel of (.'hrist, I will renounce it, 
and if I show you that you are wrong in adhering to the church 
of Scotland, then .vou should leave that,'' I then t;ilked upon 
the scrijitures and the jirinciples of the gosjiel, and the.v could 
bring forward no reasonable objections to what I advanced, 

Hugh rose to his feet and said : "If father h;id been alive 
he would have kicked you out of the house," 

I answered : "Father is now rcj<iiciMg because of my having 
embraced the gospel of Jesus," 

At this rejoinder the anger of my bruthers increased, and 
Hugh used bis old argument of picking uji his bat an<l walking 
out, 

I was induced to make this remark in relation to my father 
because on the Sunday previous 1 had heard the doctrine ol 
baptism and salvation for the dead jireachcd by I'^lder John 
L.von, and while listening to him I was so filled with joy and 
gratitude at the prospect of doing something towards the s;dva- 
tion of my father, who liad died without a knowled,ge of the 
gospel, that the tears chased each other duWTi my face like; 
rain. It was the first time I had heard the principles by which 
the grand chain which .'^liali link the great human family t<i,w- 
ther will be fiirmed. 

Seeing that threats and abuse availed nothing, making no 
ini])ression upon me, ni.v mother and bruthers touk another 
course ; they Would not speak to me. Although 1 lived in the 
.■<;inie house and ate at the sann^ table with them, the.v uttered 
not a word to me and would not answer me when 1 si)oki' to 
them. Even my mother's heart swmied entirely liardened 
towards me, and it often cut me keenl.v when she would meet 
me on the street and pass without sjieakiug. Nolwilhst.-iiidiiig 
all this I rejciiced in the gosjiel exceedingly, feeling that the 
cause of God was more dear to me than njy nearest relations. 

On the next Sunday I went to the' drawer where my best 
suit was usiially kept and discevered that il was goiK^ They 
had not even l<'ft nie a clean shirt. Nothing dauntrd, howc^ver, 
1 buttoned up m.v sbabliy, old, every -da.v coat and marched utf 
to meeting, feeling that 1 coidd worship (Jod as fi^i-vently and 
acceptably in an old suit as a new one. Insbad of handing 
over my wages to m.v mother as I usually did, 1 kejit them 
every week and aimounced at home my intention of doing so 
until my clotlics were returned to nie, thinking this would in- 



W 



QiS"^ 



■^^ 






^ 




a-TJ-VE:]^ILE IltTSTI^-CrOTOK.. 



'^^§ 



79 



duce them to give them up. However, I happened to come 
home one day at an nuusual time and in turning over some 
articles to get something I wanted, I came upon a ticket, which 
at once exjilained whore my clothes had gone. They had been 
pawned. That this term may be understood, it may be well to 
say that they were deposited in a jJace where niouey is loaned 
on goods and when the money is returned, with an additional 
sum as interest, the goods are delivered back to the owner. I 
took this ticket, and with m.y wages which I had saved, and a 
little money which I borrowed, I went to the pawnbroker's and 
got my clothes and left them, for safe-keeping, at the house of a 
brother in the Church. I dressed up on the following Sunday 
and jiresented m.vself at home at dimier-tinie, when my brothers 
manifested no small astonishment and a little shame on seeing 
that I had discovered their trick. 

I had forgotten to say that on several occasions after I had 
dressed for meeting, my brothers would attempt to stop me 
from going, by mahi force, and several times in their efforts to 
keep me in, had torn the breast out of my shirt, but I invari- 
ably succeeded in getting out, and when my shirt was torn I 
would button up my coat and go to meeting. 

Matters went on in this way for over two years, during which 
time I had been frequently told to leave the house and never 
enter it again. I paid no attention to this. On being told to 
go on one occasion, however, I said the next time I was ordered 
off I woiJd go. Not long after m.v mother told me to leave the 
house for ever, and I announced m.v intention of doing so on the 
Saturday following. When Saturday came, I proceeded to tie 
my clothes uji in a bundle. No sooner did they see me doing 
this than the family seized my cl<.ithing and tore ui> my shirts 
and several other articles. On former occasions when I had 
been thus abused it was my custom to resist, but this time this 
disposition had departed ; my heart was full ; I pitied them for 
their blmdness, and I felt like weeping tears of sorrow. I 
made my way out of the house as best I coiJd, with my ward- 
robe reduced to a single pair iif pants, besides the clothes I wore 
at the time. As I was leaving I told them that the wurso they 
liad taken towards me would bring them no good. My Jiiind 
was filled with grief and I slept none that night. Six weeks 
after this my mother burst a blocul vessel, from the effects of 
which shi^ never recovered, being ill from that time till her 
di'atli, which occurred a .vear afterwards. This broke up the 
family. Hugh married, and my three other brothers, John, 
tienrge and William, went to live with him. Some time after- 
wards John came to me and told me that they quarrelled, and 
he wished me to go and settle matt<_o's between the brothers, 
which I dill, and the rcsiJt was that John lived apart from the 
rifhers. William, who was the most jieaceable and aniialile of 
niy lu'dthers, was taken verv ill and one evening I was ini]iressed 
to go and sec him. I fimnd all the members of the family 
gathered around him, as he was not ex])ect(Hl to live through the 
night. Afler everybody had left the room but myself, he said to me. 
" Hi)bcrt, do .vou belii^ve I shall dit; to-night?" 
I said ; " No, I do not." 

" I ask you because the others are hypo('rites, for when 1 a.^l; 
wlirthiT they thi?ik I will die, they .s;i.v, ' No, you will live,' and 
tiien I hear them in the ailj(jiiiing room arranging how thej* will 
djcss me when I am dead." 

He fell aslc:ep and 1 laid hands npiin him and administered to 
liini in the name of Jesnis Clirist, and whiin he awoke he was 
much better, and he lived fur four months al't<'r this. 

This is a little of my first expi'ricnc(^ as a Jiatt<T-day Saint. 
Nearly every true discijile of Jrsns has passed tlimiigli (•ircinii- 
stanccH that are instructive, although trying at ilii' tim(! llic.v 
(Mcin-, ami sometimes the relating of such things has a good 
effee(, howcver sinijih; the ii;trrative ma)' be. 

'Jill'- happiisl boy we have evil' known, was one who was 
always ready to .share his good things with others. 



O^VEI?> THE ZPElsTOE. 

Over the fence is a gai-clcn fair — 
How I would love to be master tlicrc ! 

All that I lack is a mere i^retcnsc, 
1 ouukl leap over the low white fence. 
CONSCIENCE 

'riiis is the way that crimes comnicnce ; 

Sin and sorrow are over the fence. 

BOY 

Over the fence I can toss my liaL, 

Then I can go iu fur it— that is all ; 
ricking an apple up near a tree 

Would not be really a theft, you sec. 
CONSCIENCE 
This is a falsehood — a weak pretense ; 
Shi and sorrow are over the fence. 

r.oY 
Whose is the voice that speaks eo plain ? 

Twice have I heard it and not hi vahi, 
Ne'er will I venture to look that way, 

Lest I shall do as I planned to-day. 

CONSCIENCE 

This is the wa.y that all crimes commence, 
Coveting that which is over the fence. 



THE DOG ARTILLEllIST.-There are nuiuy interesting 
stories of dogs, illustrathig their sagacity and almcjst human intel- 
ligence. This one, of a dog that did duty as an artillerist so 
well that he won a battle, is t;iken from Our Own Fireside : 

Mustapha, a strong and active greyhound, belonged to a ca]i- 
tain of artillery, was raised from his birth in the midst of 
camps, always accompanied his master, and exhibited no alarm 
in the midst of battle. In the hottest engagements he remained 
near the cannon, and carried the match in his mouth. At the 
uiemoraljle battle of Fontenoy, the master of Mustapha received 
a mortal wound. At the moment when about to fire upon the 
enemy, he and several of his corps were struck to the earth b.\- 
a discharge of artillery. 

Seeing his master extended lifeless and blecdhig the dog 
became desperate and howled iiitcousl.\'. Just at that tiuu' a 
body of French .soMiers were advancing to gain possession of 
the piece which was aimed at them from the top of a small 
rising ground. As if with a view tx) avenge his master in death, 
jMustajiha seized the lighted match, and set fire to the cannon, 
loaded with case shot. Seventy men fell on the spot and the 
remainder took to flight. 

After this bold stroke, the dog lay down sadly near tlie dead 
body of his master, licked his wounds, and remaim^d there 
twenty-two hours without sustenance. lie was at length with 
diflieiilty removed by the cmurades of the deceased. This gal- 
lant gn'yhound was carried to London and presented to George 
11., who had him taken caie of as a brave |)ublie servant. 



A LITTLE four-yi'ar-(il(l remarked to her manniia on going 
to beil, "lam not afraid of the dark." ''No, ofeonrse .von 
are not," replii'il her mamma, "for it can't hurt you." '•]>ut, 
inanmia, I was a little afraid once, wIumi I went to the pantry 
to get a cookii'." "What were you afraid of?" asked her 
mamma. " 1 was afraid I couldn't find the cookies." 



WHO gives anything, food or clothing, lo a. beggar, and does 
not expe(-t (haiik.s? Yet how m;iM.\', who reci'ive (Jod's dail.v 
bounties, and ask every Mioniiiig Ht (lod's d:iily bi'ead, forget 
tij give liod thanks ! 



THI'i (lower of youth iiiver appears more beanlil'ul lli.in 
when it bends lowanls thi' Snn of JJighleousness. 



)h^^ 



■^^ 




so 



CTTJ^ElItTILE in^STI^/TJOTOI?/ 



:vi:ooTD-Y-'s telec3-k.^i=h: sh:ii=. 



Ox till' liieak'lMwn «{ the Atlantic Calilo between Ireland and 
>i'ewtnumlland, a Ca])t;iiu Moody eaiue to the conclusion 
that the way out of the Jiffieulty was to establish floating sta- 
tions so as to 
carry the cable 
from shore to 
s h o r e, by short 
lensrths. At the 
time it seemed im- 
piissible to lay a 
\s- i re of such Icn gth . 
It was afterwards 
proved, however, 
that a cable could 
be stretched irt>m 
one continent to 
the other and work 
nearly as well as in 
the land, ^till tlii- 
gentleman main- 
tains that his sys- 
tem is the safst 
and cheal)-'st. Tli 
engraving whi' li 
we give herewith 
is the vessel which 
he invented. It consists of four projections or rays with a circular 
deck in the centre. The niys arc formed int^) water-tight coni- 
jurtmcnts which make the vessel very butjyaiit. The vessel is 




fitted with a sliding keel and rudder, and is said to sail wi'll. 
It is int<:'nded to secure the ship by f lur anchors, which would 
hold her flist cvcu in the severest gides ; and it is said that she 

cannot be sunk mtr 
capsized. He has 
found other uses 
for his si range ship 
since the cable was 
laid; first, as a 
floa tin g b a t - 
terv ; second, as a 
liglit-s h i ]) ; an d 
third, as a vessel 
of refuge in stormy 
weather. In case 
it shiinid be used 
as a light -s h i ji, 
the inventor u n- 
dert;ikes to raise a 
1! tower (U- mast for 
a light in the cen- 
tre of the \'essel 
to tlie height of 
one hundred feet. 
The captain has 
such faith in his 
some length 
to be vci'V 



in 
ex- 



I 






Jlur tlie J2tli WarJ .■<iUjl)atli .Scbool. 
Where do rliildron I'lvc to iro, 
AVhcn Itic tirouiid is wliito witli snow ; 
Wliat 1!. it attncl.s tliciii sd'' 
TLs llic SaLI'iitli Sclioul. 

Wliorc do children love f« meet, 
When the llowers urc fresli mid KWecl, 
JIaBteniii'.; with uilling fn-t? 
Ill the tiablutb Scho.il. 

Where do toiehcrs love tn tiiid 
llapp.v ehlldri'n. true and kind, 
With pure hcMrtn and dnerrnl niliiil»y 
In the SaMiiilh .S< houl. 

Now we are fo-.^ether met, 
(itxMl iiislriietirins liere we Ket, 
And have i^oihI exanlpll•^ net. 
In the .Suhlulh tx-hool. 

Mmv we all with one neeord, 
He<k thiSj.iritof lliel,,,rd, 
While we Btudy in Ills word. 
In the »alihutb .School. 

'riicii let lis with hi-art and iiiiiid, 
Lore the T.ord, for he i» kind, 
And we will a filcsslntf llnd, 
In lhe.Sat>lwlh!<eli.Kj|. 



invention that he made a voyage of 
it and her sea going qualities are said 
ecllent. 

AGK AND FKK VICE.— "Don't be imi»rlin.nl 1 ■ Niid a 
toad to a grasshopper tluit ho))ped imcercmoninnsly nvi'r his 
back. "I?evcreiice .vour betters." 

" Imiiertinent 1" siiid the grasshopi)er amazed. 

"Yes, — impertiuent! Do .vou know I am fifiy years i>M '.'" 
said the toad. 

" Fifty years !" exclaimed the grasshopper. 

" Yes. I was shut up in .vender great stone fur lifly yc^ars." 
said the toad jKimpousl.v. 

"And what did you do ;ill th,' (inie, sir V" asked the grass- 
hopper. 

" DoV nolliing," rejilied tln' |o:id, 

'• A lig for .Vou, then !" chirped the grasshopper. " If .von 
hail been to work all the time I would have linndil.v beggi'd 
your iiardon, and treated .vou as my belter. 15nt since .vou 
might as well have been out of the Winld as in it for any use 
you wore of, 1 can't think of it ; for 1 consider wi^ gra.sshojipers 
who have Imm'ii born only a week, and have chirped and hop- 
ped wiili all our might ever sinci?, arc more res])ectable." 



J 1I1'> h.vp icrite think.i liim.self nligious, not from any good- 
ness of liis own, but from the badness of others. 



AT fourt*:en, .lolm Quincy Adams was aii|)oinl< il piivale 
secnrlar.v to the IJnilod .Stall's ]Minisl<^'r (o Hussia and for fimr- 
tcen years he fulfilled his duties to the entire Nilisf'aclion of all 
parties. Aftrr that, he made a .journey from St. retcrsburg to 
Holland, and made notes of what he s;iw, which evince a 
peculiar ripeness of inlellcet fir one so young. 

jUA^^EnsriLE insrsTi^y'LTCTOi^ 

Ib jiuljli.slied in Sail Lako t'iti', Utah Territory, 
liVEUY OTIIIOH KATl.UD.VY, 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sinylc C»p;i, per Atitntnt $» .Ml. 

Single Oujiy, for I'iix Monlhx I M, 

♦a- 'Iriilii liroiiL'lit to lhi« I'ity for tlie .Iivi'.Nii.K iNHiiteiToii will I"- 
received lit the olllce uruur paper— DfcRKiiKT Nkwh Kuii.iii.vom, 



I 



