
I 



VOL 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY]. 1868. 



NO. 9. 



S T 



ifj^tjij'S o jl t s: e id k.^^ l . 



ALMOST every person on the earth believes in religion of 
some kind, and worships some being or thing as God, though 
but few people believe in and worship the living and true God. 
S«me worship images of wood and stone, carved and fashioned 
by themselves; others reverence various kinds of imaginary 
gods; and many worship as the Lord a being of whom they 
know nothing and who dwells they know not where. 



believed in, they are called cathedrals, churches and chapels. 
One of the largest cathedrals in the world is represented in 
the illustration on this page. It is called St. Paul's, in London. 
St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome is a larger building; but this is 
next to it in size. That an idea may be formed of its vastness as 
a building, we will state that it is twice as long as the New Tab- 
ernacle in this City, but not so wide in its narrowest part, while 




In various countries of the (tarth very niiuiy lui'f,'e liiiiidirins I its widest p;irt, forming what are called transepts, is about as 
b»ve been erei-ted for religious woisliip, both among tho.se who ' wide as the Tabernacle is long. It is ridO feet long, 107 feet 
prwfes.sto be (Jhrishans, and among tho.se who never pretended I wide in its narrowest part, and I'I'.l feet wide at its widest part, 
to believe in the Lord .Jesus ('hrist. Aiuoiig the iMMiple (jfj It covers soincwlicre about an acre and a half of ground. 
Bomc nation.s, .such as the Hindoos and Cliine.se, the.sc buildings | On the left of the illustration you will see two towers, which 
arc willed temples; by Mahommcdans they are called mosijues; j are 2li2 feet high, while the top of the cro.ss on the great dome, 
and among the tho nations where Christ is professedly ' which is a little to the right of the centre, is 404 feet above the 



b'^^- 



iiC* 



66 ,J"TJA7"En^II_,E 






level of the iMvenient: — so high, that if it were laid flat on the 
ground it would reach twenty-four rods, or further than the 
half of one of our cit}' blocks. 

This great structure occuijied thirty-five years in building, 
from the time the first stone was laid until it was finished; and 
it cost nearly four millions of dollars in gold to complete it. 
Yet it stands on the place where a church had stood before it, 
that was two hundred years being built, and wliich had a spire 
so high tliat it could be seen twenty miles distant in the thick, 
foggy atmosphere of England. This church which was also 
built on the spot where a still earlier one stood that was burned 
down in the year 1087— was founded by a man named Bishop 
Maurice. It was finished in lolo, or five and a half centuries 
ago. In 15GI its lofty sjiire was burned down; and the whole 
of the structure was destroyed during what is known as the 
Great Fire of London, which occurred in 1G60. The present 
building was finished in 1710, or 1.38 years ago. To give a 
description of it in full would occupy more space than can be 
spared here. It is decorated outside and inside with statues, 
paintings, carvings and beautiful workmanship. If our readers 
will look at the ball and cross, which are above the dome, they 
will be able to form a good idea of how mas>ive and vast the 
dome is, by knowing that the ball, which lo )ks like a little speck 
in the illustration, is 5000 pounds weight, and that the cross 
weighs aoi.W.) pounds. 

In St. Paul's Cathedral are the monuments of a number of 
England's most renowned men,— Nelson, Collingwood, Rodney, 
Duncan, St. Vincent, Howe, Abercrombie, Cornwallis, Dundas, 
Sir John Moore, Sir Tiiomas I'icton, and others, whose names 
are renowned in Eni:li>h history. In it, too, are buried the 
Duke of Wellington, Lord Nei.son, Dr. Johnson, and others 
eminent in war, in architecture, in literature and in i)ainting. 

To stand be.-ide such a building as St. Paul's C'athedial, and 
look upon its nia.ssiveness, one can scarcely help being imi)re.s.s- 
ed with the greatness of the human mind, its compreiicnsive- 
ness of thought and loftiness of purpose, compared with the 
smallness of man's [ihysicai size; and see in it the evidences of 
relationship to that UoJ who created the earth and framed the 
universe. 



L I in E O IP C3- E O I^ a- E 

Taken from a liitir »(„■/.— Thk KocKV.T—publis/ied by the 
American Tract .Society. 



OPENISf! OF THE NEW RO AD— D I FFICU LTI ES VANISH, 
A NEW ERA. 



9t^ 



THE two other locomotives, however, were allowed to re-ap- 
pc.ir on the stage; but both broke down, and the "Kocket" 
remained victor to the last. It had performed and more than 
performed all it promised, fulfilled all the conditions of the 
directors' olTer. and was accordingly declared to have nohly 
earned the jirize, five liuiidred ponnd.s. 

But the money was little, compared to the profound satisfac- 
tion whicii thi' Sirphcn.M.iis felt at this public acknowledgement 
of ihi' wirth of their lif<'-long labors. George's veracity, skill, 
and intelligence had all been doubted, denied, derided by men 
of all clus.-es. Even old friends turned against him, and 
thought his mind was crazed by "one idea." He had to strug- 
gle on alone; faithful to his convictions, patiently biding his 
time, yet earne.-lly pleading his cause on everj' suitable occasion. 
He had a blessing for the world; and he knew when it felt the 
want of it, it would have it. That time had come. The direc- 
tors flocked around him with flattering congratulations. All 



shyness and coolness vanished. Friends were no longer few. 
The shares of the company immediately rose ten per cent. 
Men and means were at his disposal. George Stephenson was 
a happy man. 

The "Rocket" had blown stationary engines to the winds. 
And steam that day, on the land as well as the water, took its 
jjlace as one of the grand moving powers of the world. 

There was no more waiting for work at the locomotive factory 
in Newcastle. Orders icmediately arrived from the directors 
to build eight large engines for the new road, and all the work- 
shops were astir with bu.sy life. The victorious little Rocket 
was put on the road, and sensibly helped to finish it. Neither 
faith, men, nor means were now wanting, and the labor in 
every part went heartily on. 

In June a meeting of the directors was held in Manchester, 
when the Rocket made a trij) from Liverpool to that city with a 
freight and passenger train, running through in two hours. 
Chat Moss never quivered. And the directois, I dare say, 
would have been glad to forget their disconsolate meeting on 
the edge of it, when they nearly voted themselves beaten by the 
bog, only Stephenson would not let them. 

On the 15th of September, 1830, there was to be a public 
opening of the road, and preparations were made at each end, 
and all along the way, for the grand event. The occasion 
awakened a deep and universal interest. It was justly regarded 
as a national event, to be celebrated with becoming honors. 
The Duke of Wellington, then prime minister, was present; 
also Sir Robert Peel and Mr. Huskisson, whose stirring words 
revived the drooping spirits of the directors after their defeat 
in Parliament, and whose influence served to get their bill suc- 
cessfully through at Jast. No one, perhaps, had watched the 
progress of the enterprise with deeper interest than Mr. Hus- 
kisson, or rejoiced more in the vanquishing of one difficulty 
after another to its final finishing. Great numbers came from 
far and near, who, assembling by the slow mode of travel of 
those days, took time accordingly. 

Carriages lined- the roads and lanes; the river was crowded 
with boats; and soldiers and constables had their hands full to 
keep the people from the track. 

The new locomotives, eight in number, having been faithfully 
tested, steamed proudly uji. The "Northumbrian," driven by 
George Stephenson, took the lead. Next the "Phoenix," 
under Robert's charge. The "North Star," by a brother of 
George. •The "Rocket," and the rest, with their trains, fol- 
lowed. Sis hundred persons were in this procession, flying at 
the rate of twenty five miles an hour! Oh, the wonder and 
admiration which the spectacle excited! These noble steam- 
horses panting, prancing, snorting, pufiing, blowing, sliooting 
through tunnels, dashing acro.ss bridges, coursing high em- 
baidiments, and racing over the fields and far away. England 
and the world never saw before a sight like that. 

But the joy and the triumi)h of the occasion were destined 
to be dampened by a terrible disaster. At Parkenside, seven- 
teen miles from Liverpool, the "Northumbrian," wliich carried 
the Duke and his party, was drawn up on one track, in order 
to allow the other trains to pass iu review before them on the 
other. Mr. Huskisson alighted, and standing outside was 
talking with the J'uke, when a hurried cry of "Get in! get in!" 
went up from the bystanders. For on came the Rocket, steam- 
ing along at full sjiccil. .'\lr. Huskisson, startled and confused, 
attempted to regain the car an instant too late, he was struck 
down, and the Rocket went over him. 

"I have met my death!" exclaimed the unfortunate man; 
which, alas, proved but too true, for he died that evening. 

A sad confusion itrevailcd. The body of the wounded gen- 
tleman was lilted into the car, or carriage as it then was, and 
the "Northumbrian" took him over the track home, a distance 




*^^ 



I Aio. 7 



a"TJ"VEi\rii_.E 



HNTSTI^TJPTOI^ 



^ 



67 i^ 



of fifteen miles, in about twenty minutes. So swiftly and easily 
done! The use rather than the abuse of the new power made 
the strongest impression. 

The mournful accident throw a cloud over the occasion. The 
Duke wished to stop the celebration, and immediately return 
to Liverpool. Blr. Iluskisson's friends joined with him in the 
wish. Others felt that JIanche.ster should not be disappointed 
in witnessing the arrival of the trains, and that the accident 
might become magnified and misrepresented, and thus operate 
mischievou.sly upon public sentiment in relation to railroads; 
the party thei'efore consented to proceed to their journey's end, 
but were unwlling to mingle in any of the rejoicings common to 
si'.ch occasion,s. 

But the railroad needed no such demonstrations to publish 
or proclaim its worth. It had within itself more substantial 
proof. Time was saved; labor was saved; money was saved. 
Coal, cotton, and every article of merchandise useful to men 
could be carried cheaper, could be had cheaper than ever 
before; and what was better, had in quantities sufiioieut to 
satisfy the industry and necessities of men. And with cheap- 
ness was combined comfort and safety. The first eighteen 
months, seven hundred thousand persons were carried over the 
road, and nut an accident happened. 

But were not people frightened by the smoke, cinders, fire, 
and noise of the engines, as the opposition in Parliament de- 
clared they would be? No, no. It was not long before every- 
body wanted land near the track; and land, therefore, near the 
road rapidly rose in value. The farmers wlio had scouted the 
surveyors from their fields, now complained of being left one 
side; and those who had farms near the staiions to rent, rented 
them at a much higher rate than ever bei'uie. Barren lots 
became suddenly profitable, and even Chat Moss v^as turned 
into productive acres. 

(To he Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Imstructor. 

HIISTOI^Y OIF J-ESCJS- 



CHAPTBR XVI. 



AFTI^R tliree days, the fearful darkness passed away. The 
terrible earthquakes akso ceased so that the earth did not 
shake and tremble, and the frightful sounds caused by the 
rending of the rocks were no longer heard, and the great chasms 
that had been made in the ground, clo.sed up; and then the 
weeping and lamentations of the people were turned into praise 
and thanksgiving, to Jesus their Redeemer. 

The people that were left alive were not the most wicked class 
of society — they were such as had never stoned the prophets, 
and they had never been guilty of shedding the blood of the 
saints; while those who had been guilty of all manner of wick- 
edness, and had been filled with the spirit of persecution, had, 
some of them been sunk and buried in the earth — some wore 
drowned — some were burned with fire — some were crushed to 
death by the fall of buildings — sonic were carried away and 
dashed to pieces by whirlwinds, while others were destroyed by 
the suiTocating vapor which accompanied the thick darkness. 

After these marvellous things had transinred, and all those 
that were spared, both of the Nephites and the liimuuiites had 
liuoibled themselves before God and repented of all their sins, 
they were greatly blessed — tliey were united together and were 
tilled with the spirit of God. Their union was so great and 
their faith in Jesus so perfect, that lie manifested himself to 
them; but not till after he had ascended into heaven at Jerusa- 
lem at the time when he stood on the Mount of Olives with 



some of his disciples: and it will be recollected, that, as he 
ascended a cloud received him out of their sight, and the angels 
of God appeared to those who saw him a.scend, and asked them 
why they stood gazing up into heaven, and told them that the 
time would come when he would descend in the same way that 
they had seen him ascend. This prophecy of the angels will 
be fulfilled in these last days. 

In the land which was called Bountiful, there was a temple 
which was not destroyed by any of the convulsions of the earth 
at the time when Jesus was crucified. A great multitude of 
people had gathered around the temple, and were conversing 
one with another about the wonderful changes that had taken 
place, when they heard the sound of a voice as if it came out 
of heaven; and with great astoni.'-hment every eye was turned 
to see, if pus.sible, from whence the sound proceeded, but they 
did not understand the voice. It was neither harsh nor loud, 
but it seemed to pierce their very souls, and caused their hearts 
to burn and their whole frames to tremble. And tliey heard 
it the second time and still they did not understand it; and 
while, with the utmost ansiety, they were steadfastly looking 
towards heaven from whence it seemed to come, they heard ij 
the third time, and then they understood it, and it said to them 
"Behold luy beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased — in whom 
I have glorified my name, hear ye him." 

The people then saw a man coming down from heaven, 
clothed in a white robe, and he eame and stood in their 
midst, and the eyes of the whole multitude were fastened upon 
him — no one spoke, for they were all filled with surprise, not 
knowing what it meant, but thought that an angel had appeared 
unto them. But it was Jesus — he had come to bless and com- 
fort them. And he stretched forth his hand and said, "I am 
Jesus Christ, whom the prophets testified should come into 
the world; and behold, I am the light and the life of the world; 
and I have drank out of the bitter cup which the Father hath 
given me, and have glorified the Father in taking upon me the 
sins of the world, in which, I have suffered the will of the 
Father, in all things, from the beginning." 

When the multitude heard this, they all fell to the earth, 
remembering that it had been foretold by their prophets, that 
Jesus should visit them and show himself unto them after he 
arose from the dead and had ascended to heaven. 

Then Jesus told them to rise up and come to him and put 
their hands into his side, and feel the prints of the nails in his 
hands and feet, and know for themselves that it was really 
Jesus, of whom the prophets had written. Filled with joy and 
gladness, the whole multitude shouted aloud, "Hosannah! 
Blessed be the name of the Most High God!" And they fell 
down at the feet of Jesus, and worshiped him. 

E. R. S. 

{To be Continued.) 



TE5IPER.— No trait of character is more valuable than the 
possession of a good temper. Home can never bo made happy 
without it. It is like flowers that spring up in our pathway, 
reviving and cheering us. Kind words and looks are the out- 
ward demonstrations; i)atiencc and forbearance are the sentinels 
within. Study to acquire and retain a sweet temper. It is 
more valuable than gold, and it captivates more than beauty. 



Who is T/itlle Sunshine? The child who does not jiout, or 
frown, or .say cross words, b\it who goes about the house laugh- 
ing, smiling, singing, saying kind words, and doing kind deeds, — 
that cliild is Jjittle Sunshine. Does anybody know Little 
Sunshine? Where docs Little Sun.shinc live? 



.1 




[:£Ki»Ftcj.gs%acT-y-*:»^M — i-j.-fM— . 






S T IR/ TJ O T O I^ 



^^glji 



'4^«> 




MAY 1, 1S68.' 



Er>ITOTl. 



EHDITOK.I^^Xj THIOTJOHITS- 



^:'-^?-!^f i the ri.ir 

r:- 




?'> 



ixiety and desires for the good of 
i^ing generation are very great, for 
the3' are the hope of Israel. Man}' of 
our adult population had reached the age 
of maturity before they heard the gospel, 
and having been reared in Bab\don, sur- 
rounded by its customs and corruptions, 
they still feel their influence, no matter 
how earnest their desires and efforts may 
be to do the will of God and to promote 
His purposes. Hence we feel that the "hope of 
Israel" lies in the rising generation. On the 
present occasion we desire to say a few words to 
them upon the necessity of cultivating their 
intellectual jiowers. 
Youth is esjiecially the time to commence this 
work. Boys, if you wish to bo something — if you 
.-ill to fill useful and honorable po.sitions in life, lay 
a foundation to do so in your j-outh. Cultivate your 
intellectual powers, learn to think and store your minds with 
useful knowk'ilge instead of wasting your time in idleness. Do 
not be content with merely being able to drive a team to the 
kanyon or other drudgery of a like nature; though we have 
nothing to say against your doing this; it is so necessary that 
it must be done, but do not be contented with doing this alone. 
While you are young study arithmetic, grammar, geography, 
phonography and history. Good works on all these subjects 
can be obtained at a trifling cost, and you can make j-our.selves 
tolerably proficient in the.se very useful branches of education 
after your work is done if you will be diligent and use to the best 
advantage your spare time in your youthful days. 

The pages of past and present history furnish names great 
and glorious in art, science and letters, who commenced life in 
positions as humble as any of you now occupy. But distinction 
and eminence are rarely attained by him who spends the days 
of his youth in idleness and vice; but in numerous instances 
they have been attained by them who have been reared in 
poverty, and compelled to toil from their earliest childhood; 
the difficulties and advantages by which tliey have been sur- 
rounded seeming to increase their desires for intellectual excel- 
lence and supcriorit}-. 

Never be afraid of trouble; the most learned man that ever 
lived was once as ignorant as any of you, and had to commence 
his education with the alphabet. And though your progress 
may for awhile be slow, and you may meet with many dis- 
couragements, recollect that the largest building is made by 
simply piling one brick upon another, and that the highest 
mountains and mightiest oceans are composed of partirlrs of 
sand and drops of water. livery diificulty conquered will 
increase your desire to conquer others, and the more j'our 
mental powers and faculties are exercised and developed, the 
more jiowerful they become; in fact the powers of the mind are 
illimitable, and all the great results that have been wrought 
out in the ages past and present by the exercise of the thinking 
powers will, by the further development of the same powers, 
be surpassed and completely eclipsed. 
How many young men do we see on every hand who are 



passing through Ufe knowing little more than enough to answer 
to nature's calls, as ignorant of the great events now transpir- 
ing in the world as of things that hapiiened in the days of 
Sesostris or Alexander the Great. This is inexcusable and 
disgraceful and such persons must have been deprived of all 
opportunities for mental improvement in youth, or else passed 
that period of their lives in idleness and vice. None can plead 
the lack of opportunity now-a-days. Excellent works on every 
branch of education are so i)lentifid and cheap iti our country 
that all who will may profit by them, and, with no time but 
that which can be found after daily toil is over may soon store 
their minds with a rich fund of usefid information, and 
acquire a better education than was posse.sscd by kings a few 
centuries ago. 

Let the thought that you arc connected with the kingdom of 
God bo an additional spur to you in j-our efforts at self- improve- 
ment. Your callings and destiny are glorious, being citizei.s of a 
kingdom which will yet give rulers and dictate laws to every 
portion of the earth and its inhabitants. 

Then prepare yourselves for usefulness. Do not be content 
to pass through life in ignorance, but cultivate the powers your 
Creator has bestowed upon you. And with all yonr getting 
get wisdom — that is, the wisdom of heaven. Seek unto God 
for the aid and guidance of His Holy Spirit Cultivate humil- 
ity. Heed the teachings of the Priesthood, and then when 
called to fill important positions you will be able to discharge 
the duties devolving upon you with credit to yourselves and for 
the advancement of the kingdom of God. 



For tJie Juvenile Instructor, 

o h: j^ K. j^ 13 E . 



BY BEXn. 



Four kings with five give battle in a vale, 

The four in war against the five prevail; 

A man, well armed, goes forth to rescue those 

A\'ho fled or fell before their daring foes; 

Iteturning from the battle of the nine 

lie meets a king who brings forth bread and wine, 

And bles.ses him who had tlie kings dispersed; — 

That king was also what you find my Jirst. 

On prince and peasant, in their youngest days, 
I've often been the subject of much praise; 
Of every color and of eveiy shade, 
Sm-rounding a sweet face I am di^jilaj-ed; 
A cover for the head, to ladies known, 
In which much elegance is oltcn shown, 
Will aid the attentive juvenile to glean 
A name by which my t;ccond will be seen. 

When 3iany centuries mankind was left 

In darkness — of the light of truth bereft — 

The right was wanting on the earth to preach 

The gospel; which no man has right to teach. 

Unless the power is given fruui the Lord. 

That power by holy angels is restored, 

With right to organize, direct, control; — 

That jiower expressed b}' name will give my Khole. 



The answer to the Charade in No. V is BEAVER CITY. 
The following forwarded coiTeot reiilies; G. W. Thurmond, L. 
L. Ncbcker, J. S. Thornton, A. E. Thornton, E. B. Thornton, 
N. M. Thornton, O. Thornton, W. J. Lewis, T. W. Howard, 
G. Evans, E. U. Mousley, J. H. Pany, Jos. Toronto, jr., T. 
Toronto, H. W. Naisbctt, jr., J. E. Naisbctt. 



f 



Vt^ 




r'iit-iri"'ir¥f^^.-'iT-'^-' ■:«.-^-g-«'^-'j^ -■---=•--- 



p^'. 



, J" TJ "^r E n^ I L E 






69 



SOEI^IES liT 



J'^or the Juvenile Instrurtor, 



THE TOWER OF HIPPIOtJS. 



IT wag David who made .terusalptn tlie royal city of Israel. 
Before his days it was in the hands of the Jebusites, and 
Was kn«wn by the name of Jebus. Even at that early date it 
was a place of considerable strength, and offered a determined 
resistance to the shepherd Kinjr. But David captured it and 
made it his abode. On the hill of Zion he built the city of 
David, which became the stronshold of Jerusalem. On it 
stood the citadel, and there the citadel stands to this day. Not 
the citadel David built; that has been destroyed long ago, but a 
relntiant of the work of TTerod the greSt, which Titus left 
standing after his armies had captured and destroyed the city, 
to show all the worl 1 how vast had been the strength of the 
conquered capital of the Jews. Our view is of a part of the 
citadel still standing. It is called the Tower of Hippicus, by 




Pome the tower of David; for quite a number dispute that it is 
the tower which Herod reared to the name of his ill-fated 
friend. 

We must inform our little readers that there is considerable 
doubt existing with rcgnrd to a great many of the so-called 
sacred places in and around Jerusalem; we mean the places 
mentioned in the IJiblo, and called sacred because they are 
a.ssociateil with the lives of Jesus, the prophets and other holy 
men of olden days. 

Tlie learned otfcn assert that there is no good reason for the 
names by which m;iny of the.-ic places are called; and say that 
priests and monks gave them these names, on purpo.se to make 
money by exhibiting thcni to the i)ilgiinis who came to worship 
at the holy citj'. 'J'licse statements have given rise to a great 
variety of tipiiiinn, iuiil have been the cause of endless debates 
and squabbles auKiiipst tbi' (lifTeri^nl Christian sects. This is 
the cnse with the Tower of Ilipjiicus, with the i)Ool of Hcze- 
kiah (which we described in Our last number,) with the tombs 
in the valley of Jehusaphat; some of which are said to be the 



burial place of two or three different person.s, and are variously 
known by their naiues. On the other hand, some fortunats 
beings have more than one tomb. The Virgin Mary is one of 
those thus blessed, as there are several different spots shown as 
the place of her burial. Some folks are disposed to defend 
this strange circumstatice by sayiiig it is qtiite as easv for a per- 
son to have two or three tombs when they are dead as two or 
three houses when living. It may be so, but we must confess 
that the fact has never come under our obseivation of the dead 
removing by choice from grave to grave, as they were in the 
habit of doing from house to house while hving. 

A traveler, who lately visited Jerusalem, thus epeaks of the 
Tower of Hippicus; he says: "The modern citadel is composed 
of an irregular group of square towers, protected on the outside 
by a deep fosse, (ditch) with a sloping bulwark of ancient 
masonry, which seems of Roman workmanship, and was most 
likely constructed by Adrian, when he re-built the city. On 
the intief side, a low Wall runs round the towers. The norths 
eastern tower, for about forty feet of its height, is built of 

huge bevelled blocks, from 
nine to thirteen feet long, 
and four feet high; above 
this it is of inodern construc- 
tion. Its dimensions are a 
little more than seventy feet 
by fifty-six feet. There is 
no entrance, either on one 
side or from above, to the 
ancient portion of the tower, 
and no one knew of any 
chamber in it. This cti^ 
dence so far «s it goes, of a 
want of vacuity (hollowness) 
in the mass of this ancient 
structure, has been corrol*- 
rated by the recent discovery 
that the lower part is of solid 
rock, cut into shape, and 
faced with masonry, tallying 
so completely in this resp.ct 
with the account f:iven by 
Josephus, as almost to es- 
tablish for certain its identity 
with the tower of Hippicus. 
"There is much ancient 
masonry in the lower part of 
the walls and towers of the 
citadel, partly, no doubt, 
the remains of Adrian's fortress. When the Crusaders took 
Jerusalem in A. D. 109',i, this citadel was the stronghold of the 
city and the last point surrendered to them. In those days it 
was called the 'castle' or 'tower' of David; and is described as 
being very strong and built of large hewn stones. When the 
Moslems destroyed the walls of the city in A. D. ]1210, they 
spared the citadel, and the Franks contiimed to give it the 
name of 'the tower of David' till the sixteenth century, when 
it was called 'the castle of the I'isan>;,' in consequence of a 
belied' that it had been repaired by citizens of that liepublio." 
If our little friends will loi.k at the piitu.e they will easily 
discover, by the large size nf the bio 'ks, the ancient portion of 
the Tower. They will notice that in it there are no doors nor 
window.i, as spoken of above. The absence of such openings 
made it easy to guard, as one man could st;ind in the door above 
and give warning to those inside of the approach of an enemy. 
You may ask how did the sol licrs ^ct in and out of tlio 
tower t'nuM such a high door. We read of the apostle Paul 
being let down over the walls of .lerusaleiii in a Laslvct. and we 



?^^ 




s^ 



^ 



U" ■\^ E ItTI L IB 



insrsTi?.-crcTOi^.,. 



^^1 



suppose tbat it was by some such contrivance as that, that the 
soldiers of the tower were lowered, or hoisted up. Our engra- 
ving also shows part of one of the gates of Jerusalem, known 
by three names, being called the Jaffa, Bethlehem or Hebron 
gate, as the road on which it opens leads to those throe places. 

G. R. 



^titU 9ir5^pry'$ WlhU^. 



W 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

LONDON by night is quite a curious sight to the stranger 
who has never lived in a cit}'. The stores having the ad- 
vantage of the gas light, do not close till nine or ten o'clock at 
night. Some are ojien until twelve, and some hotels and 
boarding houses or coffee houses are open all night. There are 
several theatres, music halls, lecture halls, panoramas and 
various places of anuiseraent that are nightlj' crowded with 
those who seek for pleasure, instruction or amusement. The 
streets are crowded with passengers hastening in opposite 
directions; and the good, bad and indifferent, the rich, the 
comfortable and the poor, jostle against one another, and the 
thief and pickpocket plies his trade under the very nose of the 
policeman. What an immense volume the various ideas that 
are in the minds of this multitude would make could they be 
gathered together. 

Papa and the girls pass an imposing hall, and see a number 
of well-dressed people ascending the steps towards the lecture 
rooms. A large placard announces that the Rev. Mr. Preach- 
well will deliver a lecture on the Divinity of Jesus Christ. 
They are detained in front of a theatre; the doors are just open, 
and the rush and scramble for a good seat by the people who 
are so numerous they block the side walk. A few streets nearer 
home they jiass a modest hall, and here also numbers are hur- 
rying to hoar Mr. I)oul)tall, the Rationalist, lecture on the 
absurdities of religion. The gin palaces, as they call the liquor 
stores, are illuminated, and here they saw a sad .sight. A 
drunken man reeled out of one of tlie doors, and, as it opened, 
tliey saw men and women surrounding the counters; young men, 
dressed in a fashionable manner, smoking cigars and drinking; 
mechanics spending their hard-earned means in fiery liquors, 
mining their fiimilies and their health. Here, .squalid misery 
was comfjrtin:: herself with a penny's worth of gin. 

Mary and Kllen drew closer to pajia, in terror at the filthy 
sight, as the man reeled from the gin palace. 

''See, my children," said papa, "how fearfully foolish men 
act when they are the servants of sin. How very thankful 
we should be that the providence of God has revealed to us 
the gospel, in which, if we strive to keep his commandments, 
we are free from the power of sin and the sting of death." 

On arriving at home, papa learned that a gentleman had 
called and wLshed papa to go and see him the ensuing daj'. He 
had left a card, on which was written, Messrs. Goodman & Co., 
Luilders. 

'"Ah!" said papa, a situation no doubt. 

"i'fs," said mamma, ''he had heard of your discharge, and 
that you were a good workman, and having a .situation vacant, 
he wished to give you a trial ' ' 



"Ah papa," said Mary, "this is to help you to go to Zion." 
"I hope so, my little maid," said papa, but let us have sup- 
per, for we are all hungry, and can do justice to your excellent 
cooking, Mamma." 

A happy little party .sat round the table that evening, the 
girls told maiuma all they had seen, and papa talked ot the 
various ojiinions men indulged in, in the ab.sence of the ever- 
lasting gospel. 

The next day papa visited the firm of Goodman k Co., and 
was introduced to one of the principals, who asked him if he 
could undertake to manage the building of a large villa on the 
suburbs of London. Papa answered he had some experience 
and was willing to undertake it. 

"I heard the reason of your discharge," said the gentleman, 
"but taking no particular interest in your faith, as long as you 
faithfully jierform the duties I require of you and attend strictly 
to your business, it makes very litttle diff'ereuce what you be- 
lieve in." 

Papa told him very briefly the hope that was in him, and 
his reasons for embracing "Mormonism," as ifwas called, and 
said his religion taught him to be faithful in business, doing 
all things justly and honestly. 

"That will do," said the gentleman, "I have no faith in any 
particular religion; but think, if there is any hereafter, we will 
all be accepted if we deal justl3'. He told papa to commence 
directly, and if he found him to be as good a workman as he 
had been rejiresented, he might depend on a constant situation. 
When pajia arrived at home, he found his wife and the girls 
were anxiouslj* awaiting his return. 

"Have j-ou succeeded in obtaining a situation?" asked 
mamma. 

"Yes," replied papa, "and I think a very excellent one." 
"Does the gentleman know you are a Latter-day Saint?'' 
asked mamma. 

"He does, and 'tis very curious, he does not believe in any 
religion. I lose one situation through a man who profes.ses to 
be a follower of Jesus Christ, because I preach the doctrine of 
Jesus; and I am now employed by a man who proles.ses noth- 
ing, and yet desires every man to enjoy his own faith as long 
as he does not infringe upon the rights of his neighbor. 

"I should think," said mamma, "that there was more true 
principle in the non-profes.sor, and as we shall be judged ac- 
cording to our works, not our professions, the non-professor is 
more justified." 

"In every age," said papa, "truth is always met with the 
greatest ojijiosition from those who professed to be very right- 
eous. The Savior was greatly opposed by men who professed 
to be very righteous and who professed to understand the 
scriptures and were the false teachers of the multitude. 




GOD COUNTS. — A brother and sister were playing in the 
dining-room, when their mother set a basket of cakes on the 
tea-table and went out. 

"How nice they look!" said the boy, reaching to take one. 
His sister earnestly objected, and even drew back his hand, 
repeating that it was against their mother's direction. 

"She did not count them," said he. 

"But pcrhajis God did,'' answered the sister. 

So he withdrew from temptation, and sitting down, seemed 
to meditate. — "You are right," replied he, looking at her with 
a cheerful yet serious air, "God does count, for the Bible says 
the hairs of our heads arc all numbered.'' 



Thou shalt rise up bef irc the hoary head, and honor the face 
of the old man, atid fear thy God: I aui the Lord. 




bl_i^ 



\/g/. 3 



, cr X7 "V" E 3^ I Xj E 







giapa^ly. 






THE 




HE next day, April Vth, tlie general con- 
ference was held. A report of the First 
Presidency was read to the conference. 
In this was set forth the progress of the 
work in Europe, through the labors of 
those of the Twelve Apostles who were 
there; also the joyous and encouraging re- 
sults which attended the preaching of the 
gospel throughout the States. Attention 
was called to the building of the Temple, 
zeal of the Saints in Nauvoo was held up 
example for their Urethren and sisters in 
the Stakes and Branches of the Church to 
imitate. At this conference Joseph set forth the 
necessity which existed of building the Temple 
__ and also the Nauvoo House. Tiie Lord had given a 
^,jt^ revelation in the month of January previous to the 
W^N conference, in which He gave instruction respecting 
7 ; the building of the Temple. He named a committee 
who were to build another house unto His name. Tiiis was 
known as the Nauvoo House. "It shall be," the Lord said, 
"a house for boarding, a house that strangers may come from 
afar to lodge herein: therefore let it be a good house, worthy 
of all acceptation, that the weary traveler may find health and 
safety while he shall contemplate the word of the Lord, and 
the corner-stone I have ap|iointed for Zion." 

On the 8th of April Lyman Wight was nominated as one of 
the Twelve Apostles in the room of Elder David W. Patten, 
who was killed in iMis.souri. The weather was so unfavorable 
for meetings Jo.seph informed the Conference that much 
instruction that was to have been given would be omitted. 

On the 24th of May Joseph wrote a short epistle, in which 
he called ujion the Saints who resided outside of Hancock 
county to make ready to move into it without delay. He 
wished the energy and enterprise of the people concentrated to 
accomplish the erection of the Temple and other buildings. 
He wished it understood that all the Stakes, excepting those in 
Hancock county, and across the river in Lee county, Iowa, 
were discontinued. 

In the beginning of June Joseph accompanied his brother 
Hyium and William Law a? far as Quincy, on their mission to 
the East. And while in that i)lace lie called on Governor Car- 
lin at his residence. Me wa.s treated with the greatest kindness 
and respect during his vi.sit; and nothing was said about arrest- 
ing him. But within a very i'ltvi hours after he had left the 
Governor's residence, he .sent Thomas King, sl.erilf of Adams 
county, 'J'liomas Ja.-per, a constable of (juiiicy, and some 
others, with an olfieer from Missouri, to arrest Joseph and 
deliver him u|) to the authiiriti(!s of Mis.souri. This tliey did 
on Ji[Me5th, while ho was staying at a hotel on Bear Creek, 
aliout twenty-eight miles south of Nauvoo. The officer from 
MisMiuri manilested such a s|)iiit that some of the men who 
had been called to assi.st were di.sgusted and would not stay 
with him, but rsturned home. After Joseph was arrested he 
returned to (^uincy with the olBcer.s, and obtained a writ of 
Itiihriix ruriiiin from the Master in Chancery. 'J'his is a writ Cor 
delivering a person from false imprisunment, or for removing 



Judge of the Fifth Judicial Circuit of the State of Illinois, 
happened to come to Quincy that evening, and he appointed 
June 8th, to give a hearing on the writ, in Monmouth, Warren 
county, where the court would then commence a regular term. 
Joseph returned to Nauvoo in charge of the officers. One of 
them. Sheriff King, had been suddenly seized with sickness, 
and Joseph nursed and waited upon him at his own house, so 
that he might be able to go to Monmouth. A number of the 
brethren left Nauvoo with Joseph on the 7th of June, to 
accompany him to Monmouth. Monmouth was seventj'-five 
miles distant from Nauvoo, and they arrived there in time for 
breakfast on the 8th. Great curiosity was manifested by the 
citizens; they were very anxious to obtain "a sight of the proph- 
et." They expected to see him in chains. There was consid- 
erable excitement among the people. Sheriff King, who.ie 
health was partly restored, had considerable difficulty in pro- 
tecting Joseph from the mob that had gathered there. In the 
court one of Joseph's attorneys motioned that the case should 
be taken up; but the State's attorney objected, on account of 
his not being prepared. By mutual consent the trial was post- 
poned until the nest morning. The next morning the Court 
House was filled with people desirous to hear the proceedings. 
The lawyers on the side opposed to Joseph, with the exception 
of two, confined themselves to the merits of the case; but those 
two did all they could to excite the public mind and create a 
feeling against him and his religion. 

A young lawyer from Missouri volunteered to plead against 
Joseph, and he tried his best to convict him. He had not 
spoken many minutes when he turned sick, requested to be 
excused by the court, and went out of the house vomiting. 
His language was so violent that the judge was twice under the 
necessity of ordering him to be silent. Joseph's lawyers stood 
up manfully and honorably in his defense. They spoke well, 
and 0. H. Browning who is now a member of President John- 
son's Cabinet as Secretary of the Interior, made a powerful 
plea, in which he told what he, himself, had seen at Quincy, 
when the Saints were driven out of Missouri; and his words 
were so touching that his listeners could not refrain from tears, 
and even Judge Douglas and most of the officers wept. 

In the evening Brother Amasa Lyman preached a brilliant 
discourse in the Court house, on the first principles of the 
gospel, which very much changed the feelings of the people. 

The next morning, June 10th, Judge Douglas delivered his 
opinion on the ca.se. It was that Joseph should be liberated. 
He was di.scharged that forenoon. This was a triumph for 
him, and he felt very thankful to the Lord that he had once 
more been delivered from the clutches of his cruel persecutors. 
He and his company, numbering about sixty men, reached 
Nauvoo on the 11th, and he was received by the Saints with 
great gladness. 

The release of Joseph from arre.st was a great disappoint- 
ment to his enemies, especially to the Mi.ssourians. They were 
anxious that he should be dejjrived of his liberty; but this 
itself, would not satisly them — they wanted to kill him. They 
were filled with t!ie same spirit that the Jews had when they 
lior.secutcd and crucilied the Savior; that is, the spirit of that 
evil otic who was a murderer from the beginning. They oiiened 
their hsarts to receive the lies which he circulated and they 
became filled with his spirit. The evil one desires to fill the 
children of men with iiatred to the truth; he desires to use 
them as his agents in killing the prophets and shedding the 
blood of the innocent and the good. Yet many of them do 
no! undcrst.-.nd thi.s. The Jews did not when they sought the 
lil'e ol their greatest friend — the Son of (jod. 1'he Mi.s.sonriaiis 
did not when t':ey tried to g(;t Joseph into their jiower that 
they might kill him. It re(|uires the Spirit ol' (iod to oxpo,-o 
a i)er.son fiom one court to another. Steiihen A. Douglas, | the tricks of the evil one. That Spirit teaches tho.se who have 





CrU VE3NriI_,El i:iTSTI^TJCTODE2/ 



it how to resist the devil and how to guard against him. Our 
little readers ought to cherish the Holy Sj'irit. Listen to its 
still, small voice in your hearts. It will teach you to be hum- 
ble, to be meek, to be forgiving, to repent of all your sins, to 
suffer wrong I'acher than to do wrong. But tlie spirit of the 
evil one leads those who have it to be angry, to be quarrelsome, 
to be proud, to be cruel, to be hard-hearted, to be envious, to 
hate everything that is good, and to commit murder. These 
are its dreadful fruits! 



TO LITTLE 

THAT'S uot forme." 
mean you, after all. 



For the Juvenile Ivsfnictni-. 

33xjii-i3d:ej:rs. 



"0, 



tlvttth f^u^lrfi*- 




T O-ID J^ i£r 



Wait a little, perhaps it does 
"But I'm uot a builder, I don't 
know how to build, so it can't mean uie." ^'ery likely you are 
not, and never may be, a builder of houses; but you, and every 
other little boy and gu-1, and man and woman, are constantly 
working on a much more important building than any house, or 
church, or palace that ever was reared. You are building up 
your own characters. Adobies, brick, and evea rock cruuible 
and fall to the ground in the course of time, but you are to live 
forever, either m a dark, dreary, miserable house, or a bright, 
beautiful and happy one, just as you plea.se to make it. Now, 
you would rather live in a cheerful and pleasant home, would 
you not'? Then listen a little bit. 

You know a house cannot stand long unics.s it has a good 
foundation, and a wise builder is always very careful to sec that 
it ii laid broad and strong and deep euough U^ bear the weight 
that is to be put ui)on it. Now you are laying the foundation 
of your character for eternity, whether a good or a bad one. 
Some of the stones of a good foundation arc named: Faith in 
G-od, Prayer, Love to God and Jesus CUjrist, Truth, Honesty, 
Righteousness; if you are building with these stones, then you 
will not need to be afraid or ashamed of your work, for it will 
stand forever. But if you are using such trash as, Profanity, 
Levity, Falsehood, Dishonesty, Idleness, Disobedience, you 
may expect some time to find your house tundjling down about 
your ears. Ilemendjer that every word, every act, and even 
every thought is helping to form your character, and to make 
you a wise, good uud happy, or a foolish, bad and miserable 
man or woman. 

Some builders make a very meao, shabby building; so some 
little folks are taking a course to erect for themselves a very 
low and degrailed character. The characters of other young 
people are like a finely constructed and well finished house — 
beautiful to behold. Sometimes a dishonest workman will 
make the two surfaces of a wall look very pretty, but he will 
fill in with rubbish, so that the wall is not strong and safe. 
This may may be called a hypocritical wall. Of course none of 
the little ones who read this want to have a character of tliis 
kind. When a man wants to build a bouse, he should have a 
plan and work to it; but if his plan is not right he may have to 
pull all his building down. Now you should all be careful that 
you are building according to tiie jilan laid down by Jesus 
Christ and bi> ajiostles, by Joseph Smith and Biigljuni Young 
and the .\piistles and I'ropbets in these days; for if you do 
not, you will imve to pull down your building and do all your 
Wc(rk over again. 

Now then, let all your stones be righteousness, and let them 
be cemented by faith and prayer, and you will have a good and 
cheerful house that will last forever. 



To-day, wliilo the sun shines, work with a will — 
To-day all your duties -with patience I'ultill. 

To-day, while tlio birds sing, harbor no care — 
Cg,U life a good gift, call the world fair. 

To-day love the goodness that's better than gold — 
And the truth .seek, whose value can never be told. 

To-day hold th'' kindness that thinks evil never — 
He who kindly to-day is, is kindly forever. 

Live, to day, in the beauty of earth, sky and sea; 

Kor beauty fails never to you or to me. 
To-da3', then, love goodness and beauty and truths 

The erown of your living, the grace of your youth, 

To»day is the summit of duty and life — 
The path of endeavor, the arena of strife. 

To-d ly is ours oidy— vvorlc, work while you may^ 
Thjre is no tu-uiorrow, but only to-day. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

O^TEOHiisnvi: 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



121. For what purpose was a meeting hold ia Liberty, Clay 
counly, June 29th, J83()? 

122. What charges were alleged against the Saints? 

123. Why were the Saints compelled to leave the county? 

124. What has since occurred in the same region of country? 

125. Where did UiB SaJUfs wove to; and when did they com-- 
menee moving? 

126. What w;is the county soon after named? 

127. What was the name of the city which was laid out there? 

128. When was the ground broken in it for building a House 
of the Lord? 

12i». When w,as the "Kirtland Safety Society" organized as s 
banking institution? 

lao. What particularly characterized the summer of 1837 at 
Kirtkuid. 



A Lini.E Jicad with goldetj hair, 

A little lace so sweet and fair, 

A little hand with its dimpled grace, 

It wanders lovingly over n.y face. 

And a ;3Waet r.oice whispers soft add low, 

"i love you, sister — i love you sol" 



He that loveth not, knoweth not God; for God is love. 



vJXJ^vTEJSriLE Z2Nr;3Ti^XJGTOi^ 

UN TilK FinST J£ FIKTKKNTH UF KVKKY MO^TII. 
GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 






per Auiiuiii $8 (X) 

lor toix MuiiLlib 1 5U 



a^ It is cxpectt'd where ayaUs farward natn(:<t they will be rex^mnnible 
fi/r thi- \nt\iKrs l/ttui orUtrrrd.; and wliefi Vuxh payim-iUa are inude, tht^y 
wilt ptewte Jwivard thttn with the icUer co/UuLruui/ the luuneg oj O^e 
subsLn'ibers. 

«*- EULer Win, IL iShcaniuin, Lor/an, will act a.* General Agent /err 
O-iche VaUey. 

-qt*- iJrauL brwtyhl tn thuK Oily fij^r the .Iuvknile Instructor willOe 
received at the vjjlce oJ our pajJcr—Dt^aKHiui' ^Jiiws bun-Dj^oa. 




