
VOL 3. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15. 1868. 



NO. 2. 




ji^ isr j^ i<r X Ji^ s 7^ 3sr ID s jli= i^ s: 1 1^7^. 



IN the engraving whicli we publish herewith you will see 
that a man has fallen to the gcround. How frightened the 
people around him look! It seems as though something terri- 
ble had happened to him, or they would not be so startled. 

Something feaiful has happened. The men you see standing 
at the top of the s'eps are apostles of Jesus. They are Peter 
and the rest of the twelve. 

After the crucifixion of Jesns great power was given to his 
apostles. He commanded them to tarry at Jerusalem until 
they should be endowed with that power. After they received 
that endowment great numbers of the people who were at 
Jerusalem were convinc- 
ed by their preaching, 
and joined the church. 
One day there were 
about three thousand 
baptized- Those who 
received the gospel were 
full of zeal and good 
works. There were 
some, probably, who did 
not feel as strong in the 
faith as others. But the 
most of them were of 
one heart and of one 
goul. They loved their 
brethren as much as 
they d i d themselves. 
They did not even look 
upon their hou.«es or 
lands or property of any 
kind as their own. But 
they sold tiieir lands and 
houses, and brought tlie 
means and laid it at the 
apostles' feet, llie apostles at first divided out the means unto 
evcrj' man according to his need. By taking this coui-se none 
lacked for food or clotliing. Afterwards they aiipointcd 
bishops to attoiid to this bnsiness. 

Among the rest who sold their possessions was one Ananias; 
his wife's name was Sapjiliira. He kept back part of the 
price of his place, and brought only a part and laid at the 
apostles' feet. Ho thought he could deceive the apo>tli's, and 
make tbein think that he had given them tlie full amount for 
which he had sold his property. 'J'licre arc many in these days 
who tliink the same as Ananias did — that they can deceive the 
servants of Ood, tlieii leaders. But I'eler knew that he was 
lying. Ho asked him why Satan had filled his heart to lie u> 
the Holy Ghost, auJ to keep back part of the price of the 




land. He told him that the place was his ovm; he had sold it 
himself because he wanted to do so. And still, after it was 
sold, the means was in his own hands. He asked him why he 
had conceived such a thing in his heart, and told him that he 
had not lied unto men, but unto God. When Ananias beard 
these words, he fell down and died. Then great fear fell upon 
all who heard these things. This is the scene the artist has 
endeavored to give in the engraving. 

When they saw he was dead, the young men wrapped him 
up, and carried him out and buried him. While they were 
gone, his wife, Sapphira, came in. She had heard nothing 

about what had happened 
to her husband. So 
when Peter asked her to 
tell him what they had 
sold the land for, she 
answered the same as 
Ananias had done. They 
had agreed beforehand 
what they should say. 
Peter then said to her: 
[Acts 5, 9. How is it, 
etc.] She also fell down 
and died, and the young 
men came in, and carried 
her out and buried her 
by her husband. 

Ananias and Sapphira 
were dishonest, and be- 
cause of this they did not 
have faith. They wanted 
to get salvation without 
paying much for if. They 
l)n)bably thought that by 
laying a part of the price 
at the feet of the apostles, they would jiass for as good saints 
as any of the rest, and still have some of their money left to 
themselves. This showed how little faith they had in the Lord 
and His servants. 

Now, children, the lesson to be learned from this is never to 
try and deceive the Lord or Ills servants. Never be hypocri- 
tes; but be hiinest and trutiiful, and God will respect and love 
you. Ananias and Sappliira, made covenants with the 
Liird and his .servants; hut they broke them and lied to the 
Lord, and they were killed. 

• 

Nevkr give up, though you have tried many timcB to do 
good, and failed by the iiiMuoncc of your eucmies. Keep pcr- 
•scvcriug, and trust in God. 





J" TJ "^ E! isr I 31. E IlsrSTI^TJGTOI^, 



^Vi 






For the Juvenile Inslructor, 

■VISIT ^CV . 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[continued.] 
A BOUT six months after the civcumstancos related in my 
it last visit, Mary and Ellen removed with papa and 
iiiaiunia" to London, the great metropolis of England, whie-h 
contains more than two million of inhabitants. One fine 
Sabbath afternoon, the girls were enjoying a walk with their 
jiarents, and while passing down a wide .street, they saw over a 
door, a board, on which was written. "Latter-day Saints' 
Meeting Room." 

'"O papa," said Mary, "do let us visit this meeting and hear 
them preach." 

I'apa asked mamma if .she would like to hear the Latter-day 
Saints. She replied that she had no objections; therefore, 
they resolved to go. They passed through a long jiassage, and 
entered into a spacious room, lighted by a long skylight on the 
roof. At one end was a raised stand, a desk with a crim.son 
cushion on which was placed the Bible. Two or three elders 
were sitting on the stand. In front wa.s a table, on which was 
something covered with a .snow white cloth. There was a 
passage in the centre of the room, and on either side were 
ranged forms or benches for the congregation. A young man, 
the deacon, jiolitely showed them into a seat. One of the 
Elders arose and gave out a hymn, and then they discovered a 
choir of singers on the right of the stand who arose to their 
feet and led the singing, but all sang, not the choir alone; thw 
led. and all the congregation joined in the ijraises of the Loid 
in delightful harmony. The music of their sweet voices 
sounded melodiously on the air, and the lioarts of all throbbed 
witli gladness. The hymn finished, another elder engaged in 
prayer, and then they .sang another hynm. 

While they were singing the second Jiymn two of the elders 
arose, and removing the cloth from the table in front of the 
stand, di.seovered tlie preparations for the sacrament. They 
then took the bread and commenced to break it into small 
pieces. When they had finished singing, they asked a blessing 
on the bread, which was handed round to the congregation; 
but they pas.sed the visitors. A blessing was then invoked on 
the contents of the cup, which contained water, and the sacra- 
ment was administered in remembrance of the death of our 
Jjord and Savi(jr Jesus Clirist. One of the elders arose, and 
after a few remarks, he bore testimony liis tidings were tidings 
of great joy to the honest and meek of tlie earth, to those who 
loved rig!iteousne.s.s and waited for the salvation of God; for 
the Father of tlie spirits of all flesh had again s|i(jken from the 
heavens, and had revealed the iilan by which all mankind, who 
desired it, might come unto him and be saved. lie testified 
that God had again conimunicated his will unto his children 
upon the earth, and that the gospel was indeed the power of 
God unto .salvation to every one that believed. 

He sat down, and another elder arose and testified thatJoseidi 
Smith was a prophet of the true and living (Jod, that the 
disiien.sation of the fulness of times was ushered in, and that 
the mountain of the J/ird's house would be established on the 
tops of tlie»nountains in Nnrtli America, and that the voice of 
the Spirit was to the nations of the earth: "Come out of her, 
my jicople, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye 
receive not of her jilagucs." 



^0^^^- 



An elderly man, in the body of the hall, aro.se and praised 
God that he had heard the sound of the everlasting gospel, 
and testified that it was the joy and consolation of his declining 
years. 

The choir commenced a hymn "The Spirit of God like a fire 
is burning," the congregation joined, and seemed to sing with 
the Spirit and worshipped God in songs of joy. 

Then arose a youth, who rejoiced that in his youth he had 
been privileged to hear and embrace the gospel, he prayed for 
strength to resist temptation, to keep the commandments, and 
hoped to become a valiant soldier for Christ. Then others 
arose, bore testimony to the gifts of healing, tongues and inter- 
pretation, and exhorted each other to faithfulness. 

Papa and mamma were very interested; they had never 
attended a meeting anything like this. JJary and Ellen were 
very pleased with the singing and the peaceful influence that 
prevailed. 

The ))residing elder arose to dismiss the meeting, and inti- 
mated that Elder R., from Great Salt Lake City, would preach 
there that evening, and invited all to come and bring their 
friends. The congregation .sung the doxology: "Lord, dismiss 
us with thy blessing," and a benediction was pronounced by one 
of the elders on the stand. 

The girls were delighted to hear that Elder R. was to preach 
there in the evening, and entreated their jiarents to allow them 
to go to meeting. They obtained consent; for their jiarents 
had become deeply interested in the principles they had heard, 
and were iileased to have the oi.iiiortunity of another conversa- 
tion with Elder R. After tea they v.alked down to t je meeting, 
which was full when they arrived there; but some young men 
manifested their good manners by making room for the 
strangers, and the youth who had testified in the afternoon 
politely handed them a hymn bonk. Papa opened it, and read 
on tl'.o tittle page: "Sacred hymns and Sjiivitual songs for the 
Cliurch of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints." The presiding 
elder arose, and gave out a liymn commencing: "An angel 
came down from the mansions of glory," which was sung with 
good effect. He then ])rayed an earnest, simple prayer for the 
lilessing of (jod to attend the exertions of his servants to win 

8 mis to Christ. 

To he Conliiiucd. 



HO'V^ 



S^I^IDIITDES 
C J^XT (Or J^T . 



-A-I2/H 



T~)ARTOLOMEO, the old sunburnt and white-haired fisher- 
} man, told us one evening, as we sat under his vine on the 
shore of Dalmatia, that he would take us with him the fir,«t 
opportunity he had, and .show us how he had been catching 
sardines all his life. I had often eaten the little fish, and had 
many a time been very curious to know how they were caught. 
So I thanked old Rartolomeo for his kind offer, and gladly 
accepted his invitation. 

A few evenings after that the Mediterranean was as calm aa 
a looking-glass, and only a gentle wave now and then flowed 
over the smooth stones on the shore, which had been washed 
for ages by the heavy surf l?.'u-toloiiieo brought his little box 
of bluish-green worms, and told us that we would now push 
the boat off and begin our adventure for the night. 

After we had got well out upon the water, we saw a largo 
.school of little transparent crabs, with yellow and black marks 
on their backs, crawling along near the .surface of the water. 
They were very much frightened at us, and got out of our way 
as soon as po.ssiblc. We saw a great many kinds of fish now 
and then, such as T had never sem befiire. 

By and by we aiiinoaclied the shore near which we were 



',4-* 



1 



% 



i 






t^5 



J" TJ "V E nsr I n. E iisrsTi?.TJCToi^. 




11 






expecting to catch the sardines. One man stood in the after 
part of the boat and guided it. Old Bartolomeo leaned over 
the forward part and looked carefullj' down at the sponges on 
the bottom. If the motion of the boat disturbed the water a 
little, a few drops of oil calmed it again, so that he could see 
verj' well. Ke had a long fork with which he hooked up 
a great many nice sponges from the stones below. These were 
t»ken on board, and afterward proved a good speculation for 
the old fisherman. 

We reached a place where there was a large number of other 
little boats collected, each one having five or six men in it. This 
was the place where the sardines were usually caught. 

The boats were divided into little groups, each group consist- 
ing of three. On one boat there was a large gridiron, which 
was placed high up on the bow. There was a bright fire on the 
gridiron which one of the fishermen attended to alone, while 
another man looked carefully down into the water to see if he 
could find any sardines. 

Now, the sardines are very fond of the light, just like the 
night-buttei-flies, which allow themselves to be attracted toward 
the light, and are therefore burned up by it. All the fisher- 
men knew that if there were any sardines in the neighbor- 
hood they would see the fire-boat, and follow after it as rapidly 
as possible. 

By and by the sardines came in sight, and they increased in 
number, until large schools of them were following the tire-boat. 
All the other boats followed gently after it behind the sardines, 
until it reached a narrow inlet. As quickly as possible the men 
in the boats stretched out a long net across the mouth of the 
inlet, so that when the sardines wished to get back into the sea 
again, they would be caught by the net. 

All this took place very quietly. Not a single loud word was 
spoken. The boatmen carried on their conversation by signs as 
well as possible, and now and then they were heard praying to 
the different saints that their own efforts might prove successfid. 

After the fire-ship had gone far enough into the inlet, and the 
net was stretched well across it, quite a different scene was 
presented. A wild concert of the roughest and coarsest voices 
commenced. The same lips which had before been mute, or 
were only heard to offer quiet prayers to the saints, now broke 
forth in wild screaming and the harshest exclamations. This 
was a part of their usual proceeding. For not only did the 
loud noise serve to frighten the sardines back into the nets, but 
it was the way which the fishermen had of acknowledging 
the kindness of the saints iu giving success to their under- 
takings. 

When the sardines returned, they were caught in the 
long net in great numbers; and thus our adventure for the 
night came to an end. 

There is another way of catching sardines — I mean by nets 
stretched out for the night and fastened by stakes. The nets 
have very little meshes, and the sardines, in swimming through 
them, are caught by them, so that they can neither get back- 
ward nor forward. In the morning the nets are visited by the 
fishermen, and if the doljihins and other fishes that like to feed 
upon the little fish have not been there before them, a great 
many sardines are caught. 

When we turned our boat homeward, the fishermen sang 
their boat-song together, wliicli could be heard far out over the 
water. Old Bartijlonico entertained us with a number of 
his remarkable adventures, and told us that he had been catch- 
ing sardines that way for thirty years. "But," said he, with 
a sad expression upon his weather-beaten face, "catching 
sardines is now getting to be a very ]io(ir business. Tlie miser- 
able steam boats are frightening them nearly all away." 

Now, see if you can find out on tlie map where Dalniatia is. 
But remember that .sardines are caught not only on tliat coast, 
but on other parts of the shore of the great Mediterranean 
8ca. — Srhclcd. 






PUTNAM'S early days were spent as those of most boys 
placed in his situation in life. One of his favorite amuse- 
ments was "bird nesting;" a cruel and useless custom. The 
hunts for nests were followed in company, and Putnam W51S 
always the leader. 

On one occasion he and his companions came across a 
fine nest, which lodged on a frail branch of a very high tree. 
There was no way of reaching the nest, except by climbing 
(which was very difficult) and venturing out on the branch, 
which, nine chances to one, would break under the weight of 
the robber. No one would venture. Putnam regarded the 
nest and limb in silence for some moments, and at length said: 

"I'll wager there is not a boy for ten miles round that can 
get that nest." 

All agreed with him. 

"I'll try it," said he, deliberately taking off his jacket, 
and rolling his pantaloons up to his knees. 

His companions attempted to dissuade him, but to no 
purpose. Go he would. 

"I'll fimcy that one of the king's strongholds," said 
Putnam, "and you see if I don't take it." 

The tree was ascended — the limb gained. Putnam placed 
his foot ujjon it, and it creaked. He ventured a foot further; 
the limb bent low, and a warning murmur arose from the boys 
below. He put his knee to the branch, and reached towards 
the nest. The limb broke partially — a shout from below — and 
Putnam persevered. His fingers touched the wished for prize, 
and just as he cried, "I've got it," the limb broke clear oft' and 
he fell — but not to the ground. His pantaloons caught in one 
of the lovrer limbs, and his head hung downwards. 

"Put, are you hurt?" asked one of the boys. 

"Not hurt," answered the undaunted heart, "but sorely 
puzzled how to get down. ' ' 

"We can't cut away the limb, because we have no knife." 

"I can't stay here till you get one." 

"We'll strike a light and burn the tree down." 

"Aye, and smother me in the smoke. That won't do." 

"There was a boy named Randall in the group, who was 
noted for being a crack marksman, and who afterwards fought 
bravely at Putnam's side. Him Putnam addressed; 

"Jim llandall! there's a ball in your rifle." 

"Yes." 

"Do you see that a very little limb holds me here?" 

"I do." 

"Fire at it." 

"What! to cut you down?" 

"Of course." 

"But I might strike your head." 

"Shoot! Better blow out my brains than see me die here, 
which I shall in fifteen minutes. Shoot!" 

"But you will fall." 

"Jim llandall! null you firei" 

The sharp crack of the rifle rang through the forest — the 
splinters flew — and Putnam fell upon the ground. He was 
severely bruised, but laughed the matter oft', and nothing more 
was thought of it. Drawing the nest from his pocket, he said: 

"Here is the nest; I said I would have it, and I was deter- 
mined no one should see me fail." 

The .same indomitable and daring spirit was displayed in his 
after life, iu endeavoring to secure liberty for his country. His 
name is carved high and indelibly in the temple of Fame, with 
that of Wa.shington, Warren, Stark, Allen, I'rcscott and 
Lafayette. 



)\9 



vv^vaBVvnmmH 



x*C9 



6^^ 



IS 



CrTJ"V"EI^ILEl IlsTSTK^TJOTOI^ 



€Tto iufn^tiilo fnslrucfoF. 



¥ ¥ 



^ci? 



JANUAKY 15, 1 808. 




HERE are some children \Tho learn with 
great ease. If they are taught reading, 
arithmetic, grammar, or an.v other branch 
of tducatiou, tlie^' have no trouble in 
mastering it. They have good memories, 
and seem to be gifted in obtaining know- 
ledge. When a boy we knew se\'cral of 
this kind; but there was'one boy in partic- 
ular to whom it seemed to be no trouble 
to learn anything. lie was an excellent 
reader, a fine jienman, a Tery good grammarian, 
and ho learned mathematics easily. In the lan- 
guages scarcely one of his age equalled liini, 
much less surpassed him. lie wrote poetry, too, 
and he might lave excelled as a poet, had he so 
. ,v ,_, chosen. lu physical exercises— swimming, running, 
, vt^ riding, etc. — few v ere his equals. Ue had brilliant 
;;^V> talents, and might have been an exceedingly useful 
/) man. But he was not persevering and industrious. 
He would not study and apply himself; but relied upon his 
natural quickness in learning to carry him through. This was 
not so much the case in his boyhood, as it was after he grew 
up. The result was that many whose ability was inferior to his 
were more usful than he. They were diligent in their business 
and labors, and made up by their perseverance what they lacked 
in talent. lie excelled in almost everything he took hold of; 
but his great talents were not brought into full play, because of 
his indolence. Duller men, who were plodding and persevering, 
could be depended upon, and were more serviceable than he. 

It is not an advantage to a child to be bright and gifted, 
unless with his gifts he have energy, industry and per.severance. 
These latter qualities are of more value to hiniself and the 
world than any amount of genius without them. Think of this, 
children. We have heard children sa^-: "I wish 1 was as smart 
as 'oo and so.' " This is not a good wish. Tho.-^e who have 
great talents, are apt to neglect industry and fall into indolent 
habits. Dull hoys, who get but little credit for ability, fre- 
quently make men of powerful minds and clear understandmg. 
They are industrious and will study. The powers of their 
minds are strengthened by the training which they give them- 
selves. And it is with the mind as with the body; a well-disci- 
plined mind, though not naturally s(j strong, can accomplisli 
more than a much stronger mind, the di.'^cipllne of which has 
been neglected. 




Undek date of Januarj- r.tli, Bishop Bnan wiites ns from 
Nephi respecting affairs at that tlniving settlement. He says: 

"It is with plnasure that I inform you of our profjross and 
prosperity in tliis jiart of tlie vin'>yar(l. We liavo a largo and 
good .Sunday school rugidarly licld hero. It is well .supplied 
and attended hy llie children of the Saints. 

The school is abl^r directed and Uiuglil by a fjood number of 
our best qualitied ehlers, wlio take an interest in instructing 
the rising generation in the primiplcs of the gospel. 

The .Juvenile Instkuctoh has a welcome place in said 
school and is much appreciate J therein." 



fillip S0urn0» 



For the Juvenile Tiisimetoi: 

A ranter's class meeting. 

a true stoet. 

[second part.] 



LITTLE GEORGE'S kind mistress spoke up for him nobly; 
and he was not ungrateful, but felt that he wished she 
was his mother, and he desired to love her more and more, and 
do all that she wished him to do, and to be a very good boy. 

After the family had sat around the parlor fire for some time, 
the master told the kind mistress that she had better be prepar- 
ing for the meeting, as it was near two o'clock. So she placed 
a small table in the middle of the floor, and fetched from the 
kitchen some more chairs, and arranged them all round the 
room close to each other. Then she took from the mantle] >iece 
an ink standwith a pen in it, and placed it upon the table, she 
then took from a side cupboard a small book and laid it on the 
table beside the inkstand. 

All was now ready for the meeting, and the master took a 
chair to sit upon beside the fire, and the new acquaintance sat 
nest to him, and little George sat next to the new a-quaintance. 
The kind unstress sat on the other side of the fire place, oppo- 
site to the master, and the chairs all round the room weiesoon 
filled with men and women, who had come in to attend meeting. 
In a little while a man came into the meeting dressed all in 
black, with a broad-brimmed hat on, a snow white neck cloth, 
and no shirt collar, with no beard on his face, and his hair 
combed evenly down to the middle of his forehead. He took 
the chair which was placed beside the table, leaned his head 
on the table and began to heave great siglis and groan. Little 
George thought that he had the belly ache. 

Do you want to know what kii.J (.; .■ meeting this was? 

Well, I will tell you; it was a Rant;' '3 class meeting; and 
the man that was dressed all in black, with his hair combed 
down to the middle of his forehead was the class leader. 

Little George had never attended a class meeting before, and 
wondered what they were going to do, and, with a child's 
curiosity, he watched every luovement of everybody in the 
room, feeling quite interested in the meeting. 

Now, I want you to know what kind of a meeting a Ranter's 
class meeting is, and I will tell you as nearly as I can renem- 
ber, as little George saw it, and what he thought during the 
meeting. 

The room was full of men and women; I should think that 
there were some fifteen or twenty jjersons present. The class 
leader now took a hymn book out of his pocket and gave out a 
hynm. Nearly all of the persons present had hymn books, and 
they all began to sing, standing upon their feet; and while 
they were singing, some of them would shout glory to God, and 
others would sliout hallehijah, and the last two lines of the 
hynm they sang over three or four times, louder and louder 
every time. 

After the singing was over, they all knelt down at their 
chairs, and the class leader knelt beside the little table, and he 
prayed first. When he commenced to pray, they all com- 
menced to say .sometliing to themselves which little George 
could not hear at first. The class leader at tlie table .soon 
began to pray very loud, and now and then gave the table a 
great rap with his hand, which fairly made the little table 



^-^^ 



r\ 



;Je9 




TlJ^»mi-i-»=u— ^:rw.f-«- - 



crTJ^;rEn^iLs ii5rsa:s.TJGTo:E^ 



13 



<»'>. 



tremble, and the inkstand with the pen in it, and the little 
book fairly dance and rattle again. Little George got into a 
state of excitement, and thought the class leader was mad at 
something or somebody, and was afraid he would break the 
kind mistress' table, and the more he shouted and beat thn 
table, the more the people kneeling at the chairs shouted and 
beat the chairs. George could only understand that loud talk- 
ing and banging the tables and chairs meant danger, for while 
he was a homeless boy in the streets of the big city, he had 
often seen men and women quarreling, and they shouted at 
each other, and often beat each other, and often broke windows 
and doors and furniture. Still, he had an idea they were praying, 
because they were upon their knees; but he had never seen or 
heard that kind of praying before, and he did not know what 
might come out of it. His curiosity was now worked up to the 
highest pitch, and he was half kneeling and half standing 
looking around, not knowing what would next take place, when 
the man next but one to George, shouted at the top of Ms 
voice: 

■'He's coming, He's coming." 

Little George now stood straight up upon bis feet to see wbo 
was coming, and did not know but that the front door, or the 
kitchen door would open and somebody would walk in. Just 
at that moment, the man who kneeled next to George clasped 
bis arms across his breast, and shouted at the top of his voice: 
I've got him; thank God, I've got him; here, here." 
Now, this almost frightened George, for he had not seen any- 
body come into the room, and he dropped down upon his knees 
again to see whom the man next to him had got. 

All this was beyond the understanding of the simple-hearted, 
uneducated, ignorant boy. It was quite a diiferent way of 
worshipping God to the quiet way which he had seen in the little 
chapel behind the dark walls of his poor-house home. He, 
however, did not know but that it was all right enough, and 
tried to understand it as well as he could. 

AV'lien the praying was over, then the class leader asked 
everybody how they felt all round the room, and everybody, 
one by one, stood up ami told how each felt, a:id then the class 
leader gave each one of them some good advice. 

When he came to where little George was sitting, he said: 
"Who is this? Is this a young Samuel come to dedicate him- 
self to the Lord in the days of his youth?" 

Little George wondered who had told him that his name was 
Samuel, and he thought that he had better correct the mistake, 
so he tulJ the class loader that his name was not Samuel but 
George. 

The class leader gave him also some good advice, and the 
poor boy felt proud that he was noticed by such a good, fine 
gentleman, and he hoped that some day he would be a good, 
fine gentleman too. 

After some more singing and pra^ ing the meeting came to an 
end, and the class leader sat by the table in the middle of the 
room, opened the little book "which was called a class book, 
drew the inkstand with the pen in it towards him, and read 
the names of the persons present out of the class book. As 
they answered to their names, each one of tiicm paid a peuu) — 
a piece of copper money equal to two cents. 

The people who had attended tlie meeting were soon all gone 
to their own homes; and the kind mistress jmt on the kettle to 
make tea, a meal which the peoiile of the big city have about 
four o'clock in the afternooii. Little George was permitted to 
go out of the fVdrit door to play a little wliile, until tea was 
leady; his kind mistress warning him not to an t;ir awuy, lor 
I'oar he could not find iiis way back again to the house. 

We will leave him imtside jilayiiig, wliile 1 talk lo you a little 
about the li^'iit way to pray, for I do not wish you to think that 
the way they prayed in the class meeting is the right way. But 
we have talked l«ug enough now. UNC'Li; GjiouuL. 



T "EI E 



Ifor the Juvenile Instructor. 

s.H:iisrooEE.os. 




AFTEE a great snow storm, a little fellow began to .ehovcl a 
path through a large snow bank before his grandmother's door. 
lie had nothing but a small shovel to work with. 

"How do you expect to get through that drift?" asked a 
man passing by. 

"By keeping at it," said the boy cheerfully. "That's how." 

That is the secret of mastering ahnost every difiiculty under 
the sun. If a hard task is bctbre you, stick to it. Do not 
keep thinking how large or hard it is; hut go at it, and little by 
little it will glow smaller and siiialler until it is done. 

If a hard lesson is lo he learned, do not lose a u.onicnt iu 
fretting; do not lose a breath in saymg "1 can't,'' or "1 do not 
see how;" but go at it, and kc(p at it. tStuily. That is the 
uuly way to coiuiuer it. 



li^^ 



THE Rhinoceros, as our little friends will see by the picture,' 
is a very large, uncouth looking animal. If any thing 
that the Lord has made can be called ugly, the lihinoceros is 
ceitiinly an ugly animal. Look at the coarse knotted skin 
which lays in plaits or folds on its neck and back. Notice its 
long overhanging upper lip, its small eye, its ill-shapen ears, its 
thick, awkward legs. No one could call them hansome. Yet, 
like all that God has made, the Hhiiioceros is created for a wise 
purpose and has a mission, though that purpose and mission 
may be unknown to men. And though it may not possess the 
beauty of the tiger, the antelope, or the horse; nor the sagacity 
of the elephant, or the dog, still it has doubtless a use and a 
value in the midst of its native wilds and jungles. 

There are two varieties of this animal. The one found in 
the East Indies having only one horn, the other whose home is 
in Africa, which 



has two. Our il- 
lustration repre- 
sents the one- 
horned variety. 
There are also 
other slight differ- 
ences iu the ap- 
pearance o f the 
two species, ffhe 



African Rhinoceros is, if any thing, less un.-ightly than his 
Asiatic friend; his skin, though rough, not looking so much as 
though it was armor-plated. The skin in both kinds is very 
thick, "and so hard on the body and limbs, as to resist either 
the claws of the lion or the tiger, the sword and shot of the 
hunter." 

Next to the elephant, the Rhinoceros is the most powerful of 
beasts. In size it is about twelve feet long from the tip of 
its nose to the beginning of its tail. Its height is about seven 
feet. Its horn is solid, slightly curved and sharp pointed, 
growing sometimes to be nearly three feet long. This horn is a 
most powerful weapon with which, in its desperate battles with 
the Lion or the elephant, it strives to rip up its antagonist. la 
these combats the Rhinoceros is often victorious. These 
battles are described liy hunters as being teriible to witness, the 
enraged animals rooting up and crushing down all that stands 
iu their way in their furious charges on each other, and their 
bellowing and roaring can be heard for a great distance around. 
Yet, when not meddl-jd with, the Rhinoceros leads a tranqr.il, 
indolent life, its cheif pleasure being to wallow in the marshy 
banks of the lakes and rivers of its native' countries. Its ways 
and habits being much like our well known friend, the hog, in 
which order of animals naturalists have classed it. G. R. 







6»>:^ 



±4= 



CrTJ"VEn^ILE in^STI^TJOTOI?. 




Xj I IF E] O I^ G- E O K. C3- E 

STEipiEiEnsrsoisr. 

Taken from a little work— The Rocket— pi(62i«Acd by the 

American Tract ^Society. 






nCNTINQ UP niS OWN WORK— AN KNTERPRISlNa QUAKER- 
WIIAT WAS THE RESULT. 



THESE wonfiers across the waters stirred the enterprise of old 
iMassachusetts. Kuiiker hill niomuncnt was then being 
built, and built of Quincy granite. To make an easier and 
cheaijcr transit to tho water, the company built a railway from 
the quarries to the wharf, a distance of three miles, whence the 
l)loeks were carried in boats across the harbor to Charlestown. 
Tlie rails wore made of oak and pine, and the cars ran by 
liorses. This was the first railroail in the United States. 

The example of the monument-building committee, and the 
success of tlie Stockton road, put the Boston peoi>le on a new 
track to get into the countrj-. By the old modes of travel, the 
Connecticut river valley was very far off. Intercourse with the 
interior towns cost time and money. Going to Boston was a 
long and expensive journey. Of course there were not many 
journeys made, and no more trading than was absolutely neces- 
sary. Cheaj) and easy travelling was the need. Boston wanted 
what the country produced, and the country wauted what Boston 
merchants had to sell. 

A canal was talked of, and routes surveyed. But nobody was 
sure it was the best thing, when Englit^h newspapers broached 
railroads. Ah, tiiere it was; the best thing! Two advantages 
it had over a canal. A canal must only be a skating ground 
for boys five months iu the year, while a railway could be run 
winter and summer. It was also quicker and pleasanter for 
]inssengers. So, as early as 1827, the suliject was stirring the 
minds of business men, and brought before the notice of the 
legislature. It was a horse railway they were thinking of, and 
nothing more. It, however, came to nothing. 

The first passenger railway in this country, the Baltimore 
and Ohio, was opened for fifteen miles in 18.1(1, with horse 
jiower; and the Mohawk and Hudson, from Albany to Schenec- 
tady, sixteen miles, was run with horses in Js.il. A few 
months later the :.team-horse, with its iron sinews, drove them 
off, never to have the right of way again. 



Tin; TWO CITIES TRYI.N(; AGAIN — BUGBE.VRS. 

One, two, tliree years passed by, and the Liverjiool and 
^Manchester project started uj) again. It was not dead, it had 
only slept: and the three years liad almost worn out the 
patience of both merebants and manufacturers. Trade between 
the two cities must have sjieedier and easier transit. Trade is 
one of the great progressive elements iu the world. It goes 
ahead. It will have the right way, the best, safest, cheapest 
way of doing its busine.s.s. Yet it is not selfish, its object is the 
comfort and well-being of men. To do this, it breaks down 
many a wall which .>^elfishne.ss has built up. It cuts through 
])rejudiccs. It rides over a thousand "can't he's" of timid and 
learned men. Kor learned men are not always practical. They 
sometimes say that things cannot be done, when it only needs a 
little stout trying to overcome difficulties and do them. 

A learned man once said crossing the Atlantic by steam was 
impos.Nible. 

■"For the good of the race we must liavc something truer 
than wind and tougher than sails," said trade. And it was not 
many years before ships steamed into cverj' jiort. 

'Carriages traveling at twelve, .sixteen, eighteen, twenty 
miL's an hour! such pro.ss exaggerations of the power of a 
lucmnotive we scout — it can never be!" cries a .sober quarterly. 

"You mayscout it as much as you please," rejoins trade, "but 



just as soon as people need cheaper, pleasanter, swifter modes 
of travel, it will be done;" and now the railroad threads the 
land in its arrowy flight, 

"The magnetic Telegraph! a miserable chimera," cries a 
knowing Senator. "Nobody who does not read outlandish 
jargon, can imderstand what a telegraph means." 

"You will soon find out," answers trade; and now it buys 
pork bj the hundred barrels, and sells grain by the thousand 
bushels, while armies march and fleets sail at its bidding. 
Treaties are signed at its word, and the telegraph girdles th« 
world. 

You see trade is a civilizer, and Christian cirilization makes 
all the difference in the world between Arabs and Englishmen. 

Liverpool merchants were now fairly awake. "What is to be 
done?" was the (iuestion. Something. Could there be a third 
water-line between the two citie.?? No; there was not water 
enough for that. 

Would the Bridgewater canal increase its power and reduce 
its charges? No. 

A tram-road or railroad, then; there was no other alternative. 

Mr. .James, who was so much interested before, had failed 
and left the country. AMien lie left he .said to his friends, 
"When you build a road, build a railroad, and get George 
Stephenson to do it." 

{To be Continued.) 



A LITTLE BOY MOVES A GREAT SHIP.— We have 
somewhere read that at an English dockyard a great ship was 
to be launched; an immense multitude assenililcd to .see it glide 
down the slides that were to carry it into the water. The blocks 
and wedges were knocked away, but the massive hull did not 
stir, and there was disappointment. Just then a little boy ran 
forward, and began to push the ship with all his might. The 
crowd broke out into a laugh of ridicule, but it so happened 
that the vessel was almost read3' to move, the few pounds 
pushed by the lad were only needed to start it, and away it 
went into the water. This teaches an important lesson to every 
boy and girl. Y'ou often think that the little you can do is of 
no aciunt. Y'ou don't know that. A little word, a kind act, 
however small, may be, and often is, the turning in one's own 
history, and often of great ini]iortaiice in its influence ujion 
others. A good deed, or the resistance of a temptation, m.ay 
start up good thoughts iu the mind of a playmate, whieh may 
.■-uggest other thoughts and deeds. The train of thought in 
one's mind is like a train of cars. The little frog or tongue on 
the track, no larger than your finger at its point, may direct 
the locomotive ujwn the right track, or if wnmgfully placed, it 
may turn the engine aside and hurl it down a steep bank to 
fearful destruction. So the smallest word may start the mind 
on a right or wrong track. Dear young friends, your little 
words, little thoughts, and little works are important. Strive 
earnestly to be right, noble, generous, at all times, in secret and 
in public. When, in the future, we come to see the great map 
of human action and influences spread out, it will then be 
found that you are daily and hourly exerting an influenee that 
is telling upon the characters of your brothers, sisters, |>l:iy- 
niates, upon your parents, upon all you come in contact with. 

(jive a g 1 push at the ship, do a good deed, no matter bow 

trifling, whenever and wherever you can, and trust to God for 
the result. — American A^/ricultiirisl. 



A WORD TO THE THOr(;HTLESS.— A word un- 
spoken is like the sword in its scabbard, it is thine, but, when 
spoken, the weapon is in the hand of another, and will be 
wielded, for or against you. Child, thy future will greatly 
depend upon this; if thy thoughts are within thine own breast, 
none have pos.se.ssion of them; but when they are given to 
another, they are unrecoverable. J.vo. W. 






fe 



vJ U "V^ E ItTI L E in^STI^TJCTOI?.. 



HioQca^l^y. 






THE 




ROTHER George A. Smith started three 
da3's after Brotliers Brighain and Heber — 
on the 21st of September. He left his 
fiitlier, mother, sister and brother sick in a 
log stable, scarcely one of them able to 
give another a drink of water. He went 
on horseback to the Prophet Joseph's. Upon 
entering the room where his nnole, Joseph 
Smith, Sen., lay sick, the old gentleman 
upon seeing him, burst out laughing, and exclaim- 
ed, ''Who has been robbing the burying yard?" 
He was determined to go, and his nnele blessed 
him, and said he should be restored to health, 
accomplish a great deal of good on his mission 
and return safely home. Brother John S. Fulmcr 
gave him a horse. Brother Theodore Turley and 
Reuben Flcdlock had a horse and a wagon with 
which thoi' were going to start. Brother George A. 
traveled with them. He was too feeble to ride his own horse, 
so ho rode in the wagon, and Hedlock got on his horse. 
Brother Turley was very sick and lame. He undertook to 
drive; but he had not driven more than a mile when he tipped 
the wagon over, and it fell on them both. They lay there, too 
weak to get up, until Hedlock took the wagon oif them, and 
helped them in again. 

On September ISth, 1839, Presidents Brigham Young and 
Heber C. Kimball started from the latter's house on their 
mission to England. The first day they traveled about four- 
teen miles in a wagon. They stopped at Brother 0. M. Duel's. 
They were very sick and weak, and Sister Duel had to help the 
boy who drove the team lift their trunks out of the wagon. 
The ne.Kt day Brother O. M. Duel took them in his wagon to 
Iiima settlement. When he parted with them, he handed 
them a silver dollar each. This was the first donation they 
received. From this place they were carried in a wagon 
to Father Mikesel's, near Quincy. At this town they 
stopped a few days. Their health improved, and they held 
some meetings and preached to the people. 

An occurrence happened while they were there, which afi"orded 
them considerable amusement. They had procured a meeting 
house close to that in which a sect called the Congregationalists 
met. These people's priest did not like the Latter-day Saints, 
and he wanted to prevent the people from hearing them. So, 
as soon as the brethren commenced their meeting, he had the 
bell of his meeting house rung furiously. He hoped by doing 
this to drown the speaker's voice and break up the meeting. 
But he and ids party were mistaken. John E. Page was 
preaching at the time, and he had a voice that was strong and 
loud enough to be heard above the ringing of the bell. Hear- 
ing such a clatter, hundreds came to the meeting who would not 
have been there had the bell not been rung. So the noise 
made by the priest had an entirely different efi'ect to what ho 
expected. 

On the 23rd. and while at Quincy, they were joined by 

Brother George A. Smith and the brethren who were with him. 

From this point he traveled in company with them the most 

of the way until they reached I'higland. 

Ixjaving Quincy, they traveled by wagon, stopping occasion- 




ally with the Saints for a few days to rest and hold meetings, 
until they arrived at Terre Haute. President Young was so 
sick part of the time that he could not sit up. A bed was 
made in the wagon for him, and in this manner he was carried. 

At Terre Haute Presidents Yomig and Kimball put up at 
Dr. Modisett's. He belonged to the church; but from his des- 
cription he was not much of a Saint. The other brethren put 
up at a brother's by the name of JMilton Stowe, who lived in 
one of the doctor's houses. In the. evening after their arrival 
Brother Kimball took sick. The doctor said he could give him 
something that would help him. Ho did give him something; 
he gave him a table spoonful of morphine. Ho was so drunk 
that he did not know what he was doing. His wife saw him 
pour it out. She dared not say anything, though she 
believed it would kill Brother Kimball. And it would have 
killed him, had ho not been a servant of God. Ho soon after, 
wards fell his length on the floor. President Young sprang to 
his assistance, and inquired what the doctor had given him. 
He was then told it was morphine. Brother Kiuiball when he 
recovered enough to speak, told them not to be frightened, for 
he was not going to die. President Young nursed him through 
the night. He washed him five times, and changed his under 
clothing each time. At fir.st he was covered with sweat like 
thin honey; but toward morning his perspiration became more 
natural. 

God promised his apostles in ancient days that if they who 
believed were to drink any deadly thing it should not hurt 
them. It was the power of God that saved Brother Kimball's 
life at that time. The Lord had promised and he also fulfilled. 



w 



at^tt$qiott&$ttc^. 




Mill Creek Warp, January 5th, 1S6S. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

At an adjourned conference of the church, held at Mus(piito 
Creek, Council Bluff's, October ITth, 184S, present Orson Hyde, 
George A. Smith and E. T. Benson, of the quorum of the 
Twelve Apostles, Oliver Cowdery (one of the three witnesses to 
the Book of Mormon, and he who stood with the Prophet 
Joseph Smith, in the early history of the church) appeared and 
was called upon by Brother Hyde to speak. 

He arose and made the following remarks: 

"Friends and Brethren: My name is Cowdery, Oliver Co'w- 
dery. In tho early history of this churcli, I w.ts identified with 
it, and was one in its councils. True it is, tliat tho gifts and 
callings of God are without repentance. Not because I was 
fcetter than the rest of mankind was I called. Hut to fulfil tlio 
purposes and tho will of God. He called nicto a high and holy 
calling. 

"I wrote with my own pen the entire Book of Mormon (savo 
a few pages) as it foil from the lips of tho Propliet, as ho trans- 
lated It by tho gift and power of God, by the means of tho 
Urim and Thummim, or as they are called by that book, tho 
holy interpreters. 

"I behold with my eyes, and handled with my hands, tho 
gold plates from whicli it was translated. 

"I also beheld tlio lioly intorpretors. 

Tliat book is true; Sidney Itigdon did not write it. 

"Mr. Spaulding did not write it. 

"Iwrote it myself, .as it fell from the lips of the Propliet. It 
contains tlio everlasting gospel. And it came fcjrtli in fulfil- 
ment of the revolutions of tlie Apostle .loliii, when lio said ho 
saw an angel como with tlio everlasting gospol to preaeli to 
every nation, tonguo and people. 



'^&^i 



"lr:^- 






16 



i-i-f--^''-^-^ - 



<•'>. 



J'T7^~ 



ST 



HLTJCTOIE^ 









••Its pages contain the principles of salvation, and if you will 
■wilk bv its liirht, anrl obey its precepts, yon wUl be saved in 
tlie everlasting KiiiLriloni of Hod. 

"lirotlier Ilyde hasjnst said, tliat it was n!l important fliat we 
keep in the trne channel, in order that we avoid the sand bars. 
This is true. Tiie channel is liere; the priesthooil is here. 

'•I Will present with Joseph when the Aaronio priesthood wa-s 
restored to earth again, by an holy angel sent down from God. 
who said at the same time that it should remain upon the earth 
until the last remnant of time. 

"I was also present with Joseph when the higher or Jlelcliesi- 
de.'k priestliood was restored by the holy angels of God; this 
priesthood is also to remain upon the earth wliile the earth 
Mauds. 

"This priesthood we then confirmed upon each other by the 
■will and ciinimandmeiU of (iod. 

'•This lioly authority we tlien conferred upon many others. 
And it is just as good and valid ;xs if God had done it in 
person. 

"I laid my hands upon this man; yes. I laiil my right hand 
upon his head [pointing to Brother Hyde] and I c<5nferred upon 
liini this priesthood. And he holds that priesthood now. He 
w:is also called through me, by the prayer of faith, an Apostle 
of the Lord Jesus Christ." 

These remarks were taken down by myself at the time and 
their correctness may be leliej upon. 

RErnEN MlLI.EK. 



^rininal J^cclfti. 

¥ 9 



ror the Juccnil'' Tnslruclor. 

sxjnsriD^A^^r saHzooL Hiirn^nsr. 



fil.'id we hail each Sabbath morning. 

iloly, sacred ilay of rest; 
Let no toil nor idle pleasure 

JIave a care within our brea.st. 
Holy .Sabbath; 
Sacred day of rest to man. 

l.ord. Thy children lierc assemble; 

In the .Sal)l)atli school we've met; 
Here to learn and be inslrncted, 

'J'luit wc may our lives i)crfect. 
J-et '1 liy Sjiirit 
Guide our hearts while hero on cartb, 

>f ny we seek to love each other— 
Ccjise from strife, that peace may rule 

In onr hf)nics and all our meetings, 
Whether in or out of school. 
Ixive and union 

Always should our motto be, 

I.rt thy Spirit shine with others 
\\'ho onr scln>()| do not attend; 

May thcv learn to love the Sabbalh, 
And thy cause in life defend. 
To Thy honor, 

>fay their days be si)ent to Theo. 

Uless our feaHMTS, Lord we pmy Thee, 

In their labors for onr good; 
Give llieni wisdom, <'hoi(!cst blessings; 

M.ay they all thy favors prove. 
Heavenly riches; 
(Jold is dross comjiarcd to tlicsc. 



li. L.V.NO. 



i?^^- 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 
ON TIIE HISTORV OF THE INDIANS. 



1, 
o 

3, 
4, 

5, 
■ G. 

8, 
0, 
10, 
11 
Leh 
111, 
KV 
14 
li 
Ki, 



From whom have the American Indians descended? 

VVas he a good man and a Prophet? 

In what city did he live? 

What is that country called which contains Jerusalem? 
i. What name was it known by in the days of I^ehi? 

Who was king of Jerusalem and Judea at this time? 

Was he a good or a wicked king? 

What was the general character of the Jews at this time? 
'. Pid Lehi leave .lerusalem? 
'. Who told him to do so? 

In what manner did the Lord first appear and speak to 
i? 

Did he see angels afterwards? 

Was he told that Jerusalem should be destroyed? 

For what reason? 

How many sons had Lehi at this time? 

Were they all good? 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

c h: J^ I^ ^ ID E . 



I am composed of 9 letters. 

My 5, 8, 7, 8, 3, 4, 8, is a conntry in which the Savior often 
journeyed. 
My 9, fi. 8, 3, 1 , 2, is much used by laundresses. 
]My 4, 3, 4, 5, is a name for the rainbow. 
My whole is a time of festivity with all Christians. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 23 of the last volume is 
CONTENTMENT. C. Denny, Susie A. Young, W. J. 
L^'wis, W. E. Gooch and D. G. sent us correct answers. 

WASHINGTON is the answer to the Ciiarade in No. 24, 
which was answered by L. Deuel, E. De la Merc, II. Brewer, 
('. Denny, L. Eowler, jr., Susie A. Young, W. J. Stevens, 
15. Mc.Mullen, E. Laney, L. Fuller, M. Dalloy, H. E. Fuller, 
M. E. Dailey and S. D. Adams. 



The green earth sends her incense up 
From many a mountain shrine; 

From folded leaf and dewy cup, 
Shu pours Iter sacred wine. 

The mists above the morning rills 
IJise white as wings of i)rayer; 

The altar curttiins of the hills 
Are sunset's purjjle air. 



l!\i) II.\nrrs, though small, if persevered in, frequently 

;dl.iin I lie dignitv of crimes. 



vJUVElSriLE IlSrSTI^TJOTOI^ 

Ja ,„il,li.ili,:l t„ (iiriil Snll hiikr Vi'tl, llu.ll Tci rUirr/l, 

i>.\ TllK FIHST A KIFTKKNTH OK EVERY MONTIL 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Anniiin $3 00 

Khiijle Copy, for Blx Months i 50 

rt' Jt U rrprrtrtl irhrrr tujrutJt /iirtrttnl jmmen Ihfj/ irilt bf rr,rjionjtihte 
for till- jitijH-rn llnui in'deri-d; amt it'hrn Cufi/i jhii/)iu-hLh arc tnutir, thfu 
ifilt jilfiur /vrwLtid them wiVt tUc UUvr cuntatnin{/ the names o/ lite 
KU/tnrfihffit, 

•a- J'JIrtrr H'm. II. Shearman, Logan, will act at General Agent for 

C^trltr I'littrf/, 

•*- tjriiin lirmifilU to Ihlt Ctl)/ /or lite JCVENII.E iNsTltucnOR will be 
received al the tijfUy uf our ]iajter—lJEat,iit.T ^^kWi* lif il-lii>tJa. 




