
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, t^EPTEMBER 15. 18G8. 



NO. 18. 



j^ :f.a.:m:iijY o if l i o i<r s 



»!>^ 



BOYS and girls, did any of you ever see what is called a 
happy family? Some of you who have been in the big 
cities of the United States and of England may know what we 
mean. It is a large cage drawn on wheels containing all kinds 
of small animals and birds dwelling in peace together. There 
are cats, rats, dogs, mice, monkeys, owls, sparrows, jackdaws 
and many others all in one cage. Yet the owl does not touch 
the mice, the cat purrs lovingly while the sparrows hop about 
its glossy coat, and the dog blinks quite contentedly as the rats 
run around within reach of its paws. There are no nnarrels or 



The Lion is often called the king of beasts. He is supposed 
to be monarch of all the beasts of the field and forest. His 
long, beautiful, flowing mane, his terrible roar, his immense 
strength have all helped to obtain for him this high-sounding 
title. Yet this monarch of the wilds is nothing more than a 
giant cat. His eyes, his ears, his teeth, his paws are made 
just like those of our household friend, pussy. He makes the 
same use of them also, for he watches his prey in the same 
patient, still manner that a cat does, and then springs upon it 
and tears it to pieces with its teeth and claws. 




fighting amongst this strange medley, but we cannot tell you 
how their keeper — who earns his money by showing his pets — 
manages to tame them, whether it is by kindness or cruelty, by 
drawing their teeth and cutting their claws, or by feeding them 
80 well that they do not care to eat their usual prey. That is 
one of the mysteries of his trade, yet it is very strange to see 
so many animals, who prey upon each other, living together in 
friendship. Our picture to-day also seems to represent a happy 
family, but they are all of one species — all lions, still the way 
the cubs are gainboling. the contented look of the lioness, and 
the proud bearing ol' the lion, all seem to say they are a liupjiy 
family, 



The Lion is a very beautiful animal, of a light tawny color, 
inclining to white near the belly. His length, when full grown, 
generally approaches eight feet from his nose to the root of his 
tail. He is principally an inhabitant of the interior wilds of 
Africa, but is also found, though far less abundantly, in the 
hotter regions of Asia. In ancient times he dwelt quite largely 
in Greece,, Asia Minor and Palestine; but has long since disap- 
peared from those parts. The Lion is also often mentioned in 
the Scriptures. You reinenibcr how Samson slew one of these 
beasts, and how another killed the disobedient prophet, yet left 
the untduched body to be buried by his fiiends, with his faith- 
ful ass standing beside it. The beast fulfilled the word of the 



K? 



xt»> 



*<^, 138 



J"TJ'\rEn^TILE] IILTSTI^TJCTOI^, 




V 



Lord by taking the life of the prophet and then went his waj'. 

Many stories are told of the generosity and magnanimity of 
the Lion, even in a savage state. \V e will relate one. Part of 
a ship's crew once — we do not know exactly when — went on 
shore, on the west coast of India, for the purpose of cutting 
wood. One of the company who, led by his curiosity, had 
strayed a considerable distance from his shipmates, was greatly 
alarmed on seeing a large lioness walking towards him. His 
ffar was somewhat allayed by her lying down at his feet and 
first gazing piteously at his face, and then at a tree a short dis- 
tance off. and afterwards walking towards the tree, yet looking 
back at him as if she were asking hiiu to follow. At length he 
ventured, and saw perched in the upper limbs of the tree a 
great baboon with two lion's cubs iu its arms. The sailor, hav- 
ing his ase in his hands, determined to cut down the tree, and 
soon set about it, the lioness meanwhile watching every move- 
ment. As soon as the tree fell she seized the baboon and tore 
him to pieces, and then turned to her cubs and tenderly licked 
thetn. She then went uyi to the sailor, rubbed her head softly 
against him, as if to thank him, and then picked up her little 
ones and carried them into the (brest. 

Hunting the lion is considered very fine sjiort by many, but 
few think it such rare fun when they are hunted by the lion, as 
is sometimes the case when the unlucky sportsman misses his 
aim, or only wounds the animal. We once read of a traveler 
who was journeying across one of the wide, arid plains of South 
Africa. About the middle of the plain he caught sight of a 
huge lion. Almost at the same moment the lion saw him. The 
lion commenced to follow him. When lie walked fast, the lion 
did the same: wiien he sto])i)od the lion stopped also. The 
man did not know what to do; it was no use his trying to run, 
for the lion could run fa.>ter than he could. It seemed hopeless 
for him to try to e.-cape. At last, however, he came to a high 
cliff; a haiijiy thought struck him; he crouched down behind a 
large rock, took off his coat and hat, stuck them on a stick 
he found near by and held them up above his head. No sooner 
did the lion see the clothes than he crept slyly along, and then 
ma(l(^ a desperate leap at them, thinking they were the man 
him^ilf But his leaji cost him bis life, for he bounded right 
over the jilaoe where llu; man lay, and, falling down among the 
rocks, was killed. Thus the traveler was saved and went on 
his way rejoicing. G. It. 



iielretcd from Jacob A bhutCs W'lidnjs. 



I'^ilE Virginians not being strong enough to ihive tlicm aw.ij 
the Dutch colony remained unmolested. It gradually in- 
crea.sed in wealili and population, and other .settlements were 
fornieil at various jioiiits along the shores of the riverand in the 
interiorof the country. This state of things conliruied for about 
fifty years. During all thi^time the Dutch co'ony held fre(|iu'nt 
intercourse with the Kni.'li-li colonies to the northward and tlie 
southward of them. Sometimes di-]iutcs arose in respect to 
boundaries, or to subject.^ connected with the traffic with the 
Indians. These disputes wore, however, generally settled by 
negotiation in an amicable mamier. 

At last, in the year 1 r,f',4, which was jii-t about fifty years after 
the colony was first founded, war broke out lielween England 
and Hollanil, and the Engli.-h government .sent a small sijUiid- 
ron of sliips and a bind of armed men to take pox-ession of 
New Amsterdam, The expeililion saili d up llie harbor and 
lindcil on the shore of Long I.-land, njarwhat i.^ now the .south- 
ern part of Brooklyn. 



The English commander sent a summons to the governor of 
the fort and town, calling upon him to surrender. The people 
were disposed to yield, for they knew they had not suifioient 
force to resist the guns of the squadron. The governor, how- 
ever, declared that he never would yield. He tore up the sum- 
mons and threw the pieces on the ground. The people of the 
town, however, were determined not to resist, and they finally 
compelled the governor to surrender. Indeed, if they had not 
done so, their town would have been entirely destroyed by the 
cannonade from the English i-quadron. 

The English, when they took pos.session, pulled down the 
Dutch flag from the flag-staff', and put up the English flag in 
its place. They changed the name of the town too, from New 
Amsterdam to New York. Thus the colonies on the Hudson 
River, like all the other colonies of the country, came under 
the English power. 

The northern part of the American coast — that is, the part 
which forms the shores of New England, was settled by a very 
different class of men from those that planted the colonies in 
New York and Virginia. These Southern colonists were gen- 
erally wild adventurers, who came in hopes of finding gold, or 
of growing rich by traditig with the Indians. Some of them, 
indeed, seemed to have no other motive then a love ot excite- 
ment and change. The New England settlers, on the otlier 
hand, were sober, sedate and serious-minded men, who came 
acro.ss the ocean to escape from their persecutors, and to find a 
home for themselves where they and there children could be 
free. 

They were generally Republicans in politics and Puritans in 
religion. They did not believe in being governed by priests 
and kings. There were great dissensions and differences in 
England iu tiiose days in respect to these subjects. The kings, 
though they were the verj' vilest and most ignoble of men, in- 
sisted that their kingdoms were their own, and that all the 
pjojile who lived in them were their subjects, and were bound 
to obey them, and to submit to their authority in every thing. 
The Republicans, on the other hand, believed that the people 
of any country had the right to make their own laws, and estab- 
lish and maintain such a government as the>y pleased. 

Then there was also a great deal of difficulty in respect to re- 
hgion. The Church of England had formed and consolidated 
ilself into a close confederation, with the king at the head, and 
a gr'-:\t body of archbishops, bishops, and priests bunded to- 
gether under liim; and tlicy had ordained a eomiilicated system 
of religious rites and eeremi.mies, to which they attempted to 
C impel eveiy one to confirm. They honestly thought, no doubt, 
that eveiy one ought to conform to this system. It was "the 
Church," they said. "It had been founded by Jesus Christ, 
and all who refused to submit to it were heretics and infidels." 

\\\ the .same manner, those who would not .submit to the gov- 
ernment of the king, but desired to transfer the power into the 
hands of the people, were rebels and traitors, and ought to be 
pursued with fire and sword. 

These dilfertnees of opinion led, in England, to dreadful 
(juarrels. The people formed theu;selves into parties, some 
taking one side and some the other. At last the party in (iivor 
of the Church and of the king gained the day, and the party 
of Reiiubhcans and Puritans were discomfited and subdued. 
They were called Puritans in derision, because they said they 
sought a pure and s|)iritual religion— one entirely free I'rom 
what they considered the contaminations of iiojiery. 

At last it liappened that about the time that ^'irginia first 
began to be settled, a company of these men determined to go 
away from Ervi-dand and find a home in some other part of the 
world, where they miu'lit b-ipo to live in peace. They thought 
fir>t of Holland, lor Holland was at that time itself a republic. 
They accordingly made arrangements for procuring land there, 



1^ 



^^^i 



:^2A^^ 



^ 

m 



lyz^)^' 






139 



and then all went over together. They remained in Holland 
for more than ten years, but tliey were not very contented there. 
They did not understand the language, nor were they accustomed 
to the habits and usages of the country. At last they conceived 
the idea of breaking up their settlement in Holland and remo 
ing in a body to America. 

"In America," said they to themselves, ''we can do as we 
please, and live in peace. Besides, if we go there first and 
make a settlement, others who think as we do will come from 
England and join us, and, in process of time, we shall become 
a great and thriving colonj'." 

So they applied to one of the companies that had been 
formed for settling America, and obtained leave to go. They 
received what is called a patent, which was a paper authorizing 
them to land and settle on a certain portion of the coast. They 
also made an agreenSent with some merchants of London, by 
which the merchants were to furnish them with goods and money 
to trade with the Indians if they should have an opportunity, and 
they were to divide the profits. 

They came over in only one vessel — the May Flower — so cel- 
ebrated in history on account of its having brought the first 
settlors to New England. The company intended to have had 
two vessels, for one was not large enough to bring them all. 
They, in fact, provided another vessel, and a part of their num- 
ber embarked on board of it; but it sprang a leak, and was 
obliged to return, and so the May Flower came on alone. 

It happened, somehow or other, that the captain of the May 
Flower strayed from his way, and instead of landing his company 
on the part of the coast where they intended to go, he came 
much further north, and entered Slassachusetts Bay. But it 
was now very late in the season — the last of December — so that 
the winter was now coming on, and it was beginning to be cold 
and stormy. The expedition, therefore, concluded to land where 
they were. But, then, as they were beyond the limits within 
which they had been authorized to settle by their patent, they 
preceived that if they were to land there they would be entirely 
without any government, unless they formed one anew them- 
selves. So they drew up a paper, and formed themselves into 
a "body politic," as they termed it — that is, a government and 
nation, and all the company signed it. They did this before 

they landed. 

{To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

o:f siJisriDj^-^ sghzools. 

Delivered at the Celebration of the 24lh of July, 1S6S, at Payson, 
BY ISAIAH M. COOJIBS. 



9^. 



I HAVE ever been interested in the cause of Sunday schools, 
having recognized in them powerful promoters of public 
morals, as well as of religious culture. The world has evolved 
many theories, has discovered many truths, and they all 
belong legitimately to Mormonism. Truth, no difference by 
whom discovered, or by whom practised, is the property of the 
Saints. Allow me to say that of all the inventions of the 
world there is none that can be adopted by this people with 
more profit, especially to the rising generation, than their 
Sahbilh school system, when altered to suit the organization 
of the Church, and directed and taught by the inspired priest- 
hood of (Jod. Converts arc I'eing made to the truth in all parts 
of the world, and thousands of dollais are expended annually to 
gather them to these valk'ys; and wo look upon this as a great 
and noble cuterijriso, and so indeed it is; but there is a vast 
field for missionary labor in our very midst the extent and 
importance of which should not be overlooked or underestimated. 



Our own little children, whom God has sent to us pure from 
the eternal world, though the most noble of all His offspring, 
and uncontaminated .by the evil traditions of the world, when 
they come to us are ignorant of the gospel — know nothing of 
the duties they owe to God, to their parents and to the world 
of mankind at large, and therefore have need to be taught — 
to have the gospel preached to them and the way of life and 
peace made plain to their understanding. God has made 
this responsibility incumbent upon the parents of these little 
ones in a special revelation to His people, but we know th»t 
many of us neglect to perform this duty, and our children, were 
it not for the instruction they receive outside of the home circle, 
would grow up as ignorant of these things as the gentiles, whose 
dark and benighted condition we so much deplore, and for 
whose enlightenment we spend so much time and means. 

In view of these facts it becomes the bounden duty of all who 
have at heart the development of a pure society on the earth 
to devise and carry out some means for the moral and religious, 
as well as physical and intellectual training of the young. Our 
leaders have wisely adopted the Sunday school system as this 
means; and have called upon all the Latter-day Saints in all 
the cities and settlements in Zion to organize and sustain this 
institution for the good of their children. To bring the.'-e schools 
to the highest degree of perfection, that they may accomplish 
the greatest amount of good, would not require a hundredth part 
of the means we annually expend on our foreign immigration, 
and the results be a thousand times more satisfactory. But 
I need not use this argument, for, as a people, we do not stop 
to count the cost when we can see an opening to do good. A 
judicious outlay of a few dollars in reward cards, books, and 
other presents, combined with the influence of the leading men 
in the community, would render our schools so attractive that 
the wildest and most reckless of our youth would gradually be 
drawn into their influence, and reclaimed. 

As superintendent of the Sunday school in Payson I appeal 
this day to all classes of the community; both to rulers and to 
people, to second the efi'orts of those already engaged in this 
enterprise, that their labors may be crowned with success. As 
parents and guardians let us strive to interest ourselves in this 
matter; for be assured we have the destinies of our children in 
our own hands, and are accountable to God for the character 
and habits we allow them to form. Children should never 
be allowed to choose their own course. This is the exclusive 
privilege of their parents, and should be exercised in a spirit 
of love and kindness, and yet with a degree of firmness that 
will command respect and obedience. 

I hail with joy unspeakable, the near approach of the day 
when Zion will be dotted from east to west, and from north to 
south, not only with magnificent temples, wherein the aged and 
middle aged may meet, as Schools of the Prophets to be taught 
in heavenly principles; but also with public institutions of learn- 
ing, the portals of which will be ever open free for the instruc- 
tion of our youth in laws, literature, arts, sciences, morals and 
theology, that they may be early qualified te assume the 
responsibilities of active life, and be shielded from the tempta- 
tions that so constantly beset their pathway. When that day 
comes, idleness, vulgarity, profanity, ignorance and vice of 
every kind will be swept from the land, and our children will 
come up around the family altar as tender plants, loved by all 
for their simplicity, purity, honesty, wisdom and intelligence. 
God speed that glorious day; and unto this end may He inspire 
us as parents to do our whole duty to the rising generation in 
these mountains, that in them and in their rising glory and 
greatness we may have joy. 

Blessed arc the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. 




'f^*^^ 



^^ 14:0 



^ 



arTJ^En^II-.E in^STI^TJCTOI?. 



li 



^> 



' %\t SydHMxU Itislruci^up* 



GEOKGF. Q. C^^JflVOlV, -. Er>ITOIl. 

SEPTEMBER 15, 186S. 

For the Juvenile Instructor. 



WW 



-^xsxT :^:k.-vxtx. 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[COXTINrED.I 

\1TITH grateful hearts papa and his family gazed upon the 
V shores of the land that had been lauded in oration and 
song as the "home of the brave, the land of the free;" upon 
whose broad domains the tyrant and the "oppressor of the 
hireUng" could never be found. The pilot came on board, and 
in a short time they were at anchor. Then the doctors c:ime 
on board and went through the ship, admiring the cleanliness 
and good order everj-where manifested, and complimenting the 
ship's company. They landed in "Cas'le Garden," a building 
for the accommodation and protection of immigrants. Here 
they stopped one night, and the ne.xt morning took the cars 
for St. Joseph. The traveling on these cars was similar to 
that on the Enghsh cars, only they lived in them for several 
days, making the journey very tedious. When they arrived at 
St -Joseph, they stayed all day and then took the steamer for 
Florence, where they arrived in safety. Papa bought a wagon 
and two yoke of oxen, also a cow; and he and the rest of the 
Saints were fonncd into a company to cross the plains. 

The company was organized by Elders who were at Florence 
doing Church busine.s.s. The officers were a captain, chaplain 
and clerk. The captain of the company chose a captain for 
ever>' ten wagons, who>e duty it was to .see that proper order, 
guard and care was taken of his company; for they were going 
to travel through an Indian country. The sauje wisdom, care 
and judL'mi'nt were ol>scrvcd here as at the previous part of the 
journey, all moving in harmony and peace. When they com- 
menced thi.'ir journey they liad some diffii-ulty in the manage- 
ment of their teams, as some of the cattle were unbrokc, and 
the drivers quite ignorant of driving o.xcn. But they soon 
learned, and were able to manage tiicir teams very well. At 
night they formed the wagons into a corral, inside of which, 
until they got well started on the plains, they lierded their 
cattle to prevent them from going back. 

Tlie following routine isob.^crved by the Saints in the journey 
over the plains: 

About day-break in the morning the whole camp is aroused. 
Fires are kindled, and preparations are made for breakfast; the 
bedding is rolled up, and everjthing i-- made ready for a start. 
The chaplain calls for jirayers, and all gatiier togeth' r to offer 
up their thank.sgiving to the tiivcr of ever)' good tor His guar- 
dian care, and to supplicate His bles.>*ing. Then breakfast is 
despatched, and the utensils are washed and packed away. 
The cattle are driven up, yoked up, and the wagons roll out. 
The companies generally travel until noon, then camp, water 
the oxen, dine, rest and then start again and travel until night, 
when they camp, get supper and liavc evening prayers. A 
camp guard and a herd guard are then detailed. The evenings 



on the plains are generally cool and mild, and after supper, 
groups gather around the camp fires singing, chatting, telling 
stories and relating jokes, a happy, God-fearing company. 
When the moon rises and the stars bespangle the heavens, 
there is no sound heard in camp, save the tramp of the guards 
as they patrol around the corral. As soon as the gray tinge of 
morning commences to disperse thi> darkness the cattle guard 
is relieved, and before sunrise a full voice is heard cr>-ing, "Oh 
j'csl Oh yes! everybody! prepare for an early start." Thii 
arouses all from their slumbers, and in a short time all is bustle 
in the camp. Thus, each day the distance is lessened. 

Jlary and Ellen soon got used to traveling, and learned to 
hke their oxen and cow. When the herd was driven up in the 
morning they would point them out, and say, "Look, there are 
Buck and Bright, and there are Tom and Prince;" these were 
the names they had given their cattle. As they journeyed on 
many of the cattle sickened and died. One morning "Tom ' 
was missing; he had died in the night; and now the question 
arose as to how they were to travel. Papa's means had dwin- 
dled .so low that he had not sufficient to purchase another ox, 
and it looked klack for them. They could not continue with 
one yoke of oxen. At this extremity a brother, who traveled 
behind him, took off one yoke from his wagon, for he had three 
yoke of oxen, and loaned them one of his oxen. This saint- 
like action enabled the family to continue their journey, and 
was another evidence that the Lord would provide. 
[Co. .eluded m our tiej:t.) 



Fur the Juvenile Instructor. 

nvE j^ 3sr iT E K. s ^^3srx) 
GcrsTOivrs iisr insrnDi^^. 



TN India, as all Hindoos are compelled to f How the different 
X trades, callings and prolessions which their forefathers did, 
it is quite amusing to see how minutely they are divided up. 

Forexatnple: in the merchant class, each particular portion 
belonging to any section is allowed to sell a certain list of goods, 
and no others; and, although they are about as greedy of gain 
as any people I ever saw, yet they would not sell any articles 
not on their list if they could gain ever so much by doing so; 
for, if they did, they would be called upon to forsake their 
caste, and would be scorned and rejected, and considered as 
dead by their fiiends. 

The same rule is observed by all the Hindoos, whether they 
are teachers, writers, mechanics farmers, soldiers, or any other 
trade, callin or profession. 

This is taught by them to their children, who are just as 
strenuous about their "jaat" as their parents are. 

In the hou-es of the rich, whether natives or Europeans, 
there is a large crowd of male and female servants. 

The head man .servant is the consummah or steward, who 
has charge of all the others; and has the authority to hire and 
dismiss them at his iileasr.re, and makes them give up to him 
a small iiart of their pay every month, ibr the privilege of 
serving under him. 

He also has charge of his emnloycr's money and valuables, 
which he takes good care to jilaee in the hands of a money-len- 
der, who allows him interest thereon; and, his Master, when- 
ever he re(|uires money, tells him how much he wants, and it 
is always forthcoming, as the money-lenders have their tables 
at the corners ot all the prineip.d streets. 

If any one were to attempt to keep his money away from his 
native servants, he would be sure to have it stolen, unless he 
put it into a banker's hands; not all at once; but, little-by-little, 
as I was once served, belore I was made acquainted with their 
customs in this resjiec , \i hero four rupees out of thirty-two 
were taken from my traveling-sack. W. Willes. 



vii 



J- TJ "V El 1^ I H. E] in^STI^/TJOTOIEe. 



X41 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



an att& |is Wti.%U%U%t 



T O 






OF the five races before spoken of the Caucasian claims our 
first attention. In it are included the i eople of nearly all 
the nations who have ruled or now rule the world; those who 
are the foremost in the arts, sciences and civilization. All the 
other families of men are, as a rule, unequal to them in strength, 
size, beaut}', learning and intelligence. In almost every case 
where the different races have met on the field of battle; the 
Caucasians have proved the conquerors. The general traits of 
the race are that they are usually fair, their faces are oval, their 
foreheads broad, their hair of various colors and soft and flow- 
ing (notwoolley like the negroes); they have also various colored 
ej'es — blue, grey, brown, black etc., their noses are generally 
thin and straight, their mouths small and their chins round. 
This is the description given of their general appearance by 
those who have classified the nations under these five heads. 




We have, in this number, an engraving of a head that is 
supposed to exhibit to the fulle.st extent the beauties of the 
Caucasian race. It is from an ancient Grrecian statue, said to 
be perfect in form and features, and intended to represent one 
of their idol gods named Apollo, whom their priests said was 
the perfection of manly beauty. In our first article we gave 
the head of a Turk, a good specimen of the Caucasian type of 
features. In our last number our engraving represented ladies 
of this race, belonging more particularly to its eastern and 
southern branches. 

To the Caucasian race belong all the peoi)le of Europe and 
their descendants who have emigrated to America, Australia and 
other parts of the globe, except the Laplanders and Finlanders. 
Also the Jews, Arabs, Hindoos, Affgans, Syrians and Turks 
as well as the Assyrians, Habylonians, Aledes, Persians, I'artli- 
ians and Egyptians of older times. From this it will be seen 
that this division of the human family includes descendants 
from rt?/ </t« </tre« sons of Noah. 'J'he Jews, Arabs, As-syrians, 
and others belonging to the Scmetic race — that is the race that 
has sprung from Sem or Shcm. The gentile nations of Europe 



descended from Japheth, and the Egyptians, who were the 
children of Ham. 

The next race we shall speak of includes nearly all the inhab- 
itants of Northern and Eastern Asia, among which are the 
people who inhabit Mongolia, Tartary, Siberia, Japan and 
China. The Esquimaux also, who inhabit the frozen regions 
north of this continent are said to belong to this race; as in 
their looks, habits, language and traditions they approach 
nearer to the inhabitants of Northern Asia than they do to the 
Indians who dwell to the south of them. It is supposed they 
must have crossed from Asia to America at Bering's Straits and 
traveled gradually eastward to Greenland, as when the race 
was first discovered by the early Northmen who visited that 
shore, they had not extended as far east as they do now. It 
is also supposed that some of the Indians of this continent have 
crossed these same straits to the coast of Asia nearest to Amer- 
ica, as there were a few tribes dwelling in that region who bear 
a strong resemblance to our friends the Lamanites, in their 
manners and customs. It is very easy to believe that this inter- 
change of inhabitants has been kept up all the time, when we 
consider how near the extremities of the two continents are to 
each other at Bering's Straits. This second great division of 
the human family is called the Mongolian race. 

The people of this race are described as having a squarer 
head than the Caucasians, flat noses, wide nostrils, projecting 
cheek bones and a yellowish, dirty-looking skin, the color of 
which varies considerably in difl'erent tribes. They are usually 
shorter than the other races of mankind. But the most notice- 
able feature in their appearance is that their eyes are drawn up 
at the outer corners; that is, they slant downward toward 
the nose. This is supposed to be caused by their very high 
cheek bones. In this race are also classed the Laps and Finns 
of Northern Europe, as also some of the Hungarians. But the 
Chinese is the best representative of the race as a whole. 

Next in order stands the Negro race, the lowest in intelligence 
and the most barbarous of all the chiWren of men. The race 
whose intellect is the least developed, whose advancement has 
been the slowest, and who appear to be the least capable of 
improvement ot all people. Tlie haua of the Lord appears to 
be heavy upon them, dwarfing them by the side of their fellow 
men in every thing good and great. 

The Negro is described as having a black skin, black, woolly 
hair, projecting jaws, thick lips, a flat nose and receding skull. 
He is generally well made and robust; but with very large 
hands and feet. In fact, he looks as though he had been put 
.n an oven and burnt to a cinder before he was properly finished 
making. His hair baked crisp, his nose melted to his face, 
and the color of his eyes run into the whites. Some men look 
as if they had only been burned brown; 1 ut he appears to have 
gone a stage further, and been cooked until he was quite black. 
This description will do well enough for the inhabitants of Ash- 
antee, Dahomey, Loango, Congo, Angola, Benguela, and other 
parts of the west coast of Africa, as well as many of the tribes 
who dwell in the interior of that continent. But among no 
race are there greater diff'erences in appearance than amongst 
the various people classed in this race; for in it are usually in- 
cluded the Kafirs, Hottentots, Bushmen, and the inhabitants 
of the eastern coast of Africa, as well as the natives of Austra- 
lia, Van Diemans Land, New Guinea, New Caledonia and some 
other islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. 

Next comes the Malayan race who have been thus described. 
Complexion brown, hair black and abundant, the head slightly 
narrowed, forehead arched, the face narrower and the features 
more prominent than those of the negro. They are said to 
inhabit the peninsula of Malacca in Southern Asia and the 
greater portion of the Islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. 
The last of the .five is the copper colored race who inhabit 








TTJ-^SI^-IXjE] UnTSTE^TJCTOI^ 



., 



I 



this continent and the adjacent islands. We are so well 
acquainted with their appearance and halits that there is no 
nece-sity for describing them hero, exceiit to saj- in this race 
ar.' included all the iialions of this continent from Terra del 
Frtego to Alaska, except the Esquimaux, who are supposed to 
be, as we said before, of Asiatic origin and to belong to the 
Mongolian race. 

Into these five races have the learned divided their fellow 
men; but how these differences commenced, or what are their 
caua.'S thoy know but little, we may say nothing. 
{Tu be Contiiined.) 



iiog^n-iiTjij. 



sTOSSIF'TI SlVniTHI, THE 



l^£;§\ -^HtSy lin-er. Wit 







tlie 15th of November Joseph gave 
public notice that it was impossible 
him to fultill the arduous duties of 
the Times and Stasons any 
ith his other duties he could 
r.ot do the paper justice, and he appointed 
Elder John Taylor to the position. He 
/Tj'('^'J<3-'-;^Tr^ and Elder AVilford Woodruff were associ- 
Q^~^£^.'^ .-.-"^V ttt>-'d together as publishers. 
J >&-s-W<.^-ii Ou the <Jth of December, 1 842, Willard 
Uichards, Heber C. Kimball, William Clayton 
and a number of other brethren started to 
Springfield, the capital of the State of Illinois, 
to present testimony to the government that 
i:.-,;^ . - Jo.-ei:h was in Illinois at the time Boggs was 
L^^i^C^s^ shot. As he was in Illinois at the time he could 
vf^-A^i' not be a fugitive from the justice of Missouri. 
jg~i^^ The object of the brethren in making this move 
/(Si^ was to procure a discharge from Governor Ford, 
the newly created governor of the State, on Governor Car. 
lin's writ for Joseph's arrest. A petition was presented to 
Governor Ford to revoke the writ and proclamation of Gover- 
nor Carlin for his arrest. They also made affidavit that Josejih 
was in Illinois on the Gth of May, the day when Boggs was 
said to have been shot. Governor Ford stated, in rej.ly, that 
he had no doubt but that the writ of Governor Carlin was 
illegal; but he also doubted his own jiower to interfere with his 
act.s. However, he submitted the case and all the jiapers 
relating thereto to !>lx of the judges of the Sui)ronie Court. 
They were unanimous in the opinion that the reciuisition from 
Missouri was illegal add insulHeient to cause Joseph's arrest. 
They were divided iu oiiinion as to Governor Ford's power to 
inierfere with Governor Carlin's acts. Ford wrote a letter to 
JoM-ph informing him of tlie judges' views, and declining, 
himself, to interfere in the case. He advised Joseph to have a 
ju Jicial investigation of his case. If he should conclude to go 
li) .Spiinglield to iiave the case tried, he said he did not believe 
there w<.uld be any disposition to use violence towards him, for 
he .should feel it his duly to jirotect him with any necessary 
amount of force from mob violence. That Josi.'ph might have 
Lis ca.se i>riiperly tried at Springfield, on the cliarge of being 
acce.s.-sory to the shooting of Lilbuni \V. Boggs, and of being a 
fugitive from justice, he was arrested at Nauvoo on the 20th 
of December. He started for Springfield on the 27th, accom- 
panied by a number of the brctliren, and reached there on the 




30. h. His arrival there caused some excitement, and the spirit 
of mobocracy was manifested; but it was quelled. A team ran 
aw.iy the day after Joseph arrived and went jiast the State 
House, when the hue and cry was raised that "Joe Smith is 
running away!" , This raised a great hubbub, and the House 
of Representatives adjourned from the State House very sud- 
denly. We relate this to show what a condition men's minds 
must have been in when such a trifling occurrence could be 
made the cause of so much excitement. 

Un January 1st, 1843, Elders 0. Hyde and John Taylor 
preached' in the State House, the use of which was tendered 
to Joseph by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
Most of the members of the Legislature and the various 
departments of the State were present. In conver.^ation with 
Judge Stephen A. Douglas, Justin Butterfield, U. S. Attorney 
for the district of lUiuois, and some other prominent men 
Joseph, in reply to their questions, explained the nature of a 
prophet: 

"If any person were to ask mo if I were a Prophet, I should 
not deny it, as that would give me the lie; for, according to 
Jolin, the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of iirophecy; there- 
fore, if I profess to be a witness or teacher, and have not the 
spirit of prophecy, which is the testimony of Jesus, I must be 
a false witness; but if I be a true teacher and witness, I must 
possess the spirit of prophecy, and that constitutes a Prophet; 
and any man who says he is a teacher or preacher of righteous- 
nj-s, and denii's the spirit of prophecy, is a liar, and the truth 
is not iu him; and by this key false teachers and impostors may 
be detected." 

Joseph's case was called up on the 2nd, but the trial was 
p istponed until the 4th. In the meantime Joseph mingled 
freely with the leading men of the State, many of whom were 
there at the time. Much curiosity was manifested to "see the 
Prophet," and to converse with him. Joseph impressed them 
favorably. His plain, simple and yet powerful and truthful 
teaching, his affable maimers, the kind smile that illuminated 
his face, his angelic countenance and noble and dignified form 
and the Spirit of God which rested down upon him, convinced 
them in spite of them.selves, that he was a much-abused, 
wriiiiged and innocent man. Prejudice began to melt away, 
ami there was a disposition manifested to grant him justice. 
Governor Ford's remarks explain the feehng that had prevailed 
and also the change that Joseph's appearance and conversation 
nnile on the minds of those with whom he met. He said, "Well, 
fVom rejiorts, we had reason to think that theMormons were a 
peculiar ))eoi>!e, different from other people, having horns or 
something of the kind; but I find they look like other people: 
indeed, 1 think Mr. Smith a very good looking man." 

At nine o'clock a.m. on Wednesday, January 4th, 1843, the 
court was opened. Judge Pope on the bench. He had ten 
ladies by his side, the first tiu.e, the marshal of the district 
sidd, during his administration, that ladies had attended court 
on a trial. 

Josiali Eaiiiboni. attorney-general of the State of Illinois, in 
o)iening the case for the State was not severe. He said little 
more, apparently, thali his relation to the case demanded. 
Joseph's lawyers wanted to read, in evidence, affidavits of 
several jiersoiis, showing conclusively that he was at Nauvoo 
on the whole of the 0th and 7th days of May, 1842, and on the 
evenings of those days was more than three hundred miles 
distant from Jackson county, Alissouri, where it was alleged 
that Boggs Was shot; and that he had not been in the State of 
Missouri at anytime between the iOth day of February and the 
1st day of Jul.\, 1^42. Mr Lamborn objected to the reading of 
these alhila\ its; but the court decided that they should be read. 

B. S. Edwards, Esq., opened the defense for Joseph in an 
animated speech, and made some very pathetic allusions to the 



1 



L^e-CBHAO'iVKHKJir 




"^'•""-'H-^-*-'-"* "iM*™''*"-^-*-' imafc-ii 



cr TJ "V" :h] IN" I Xj E ih^stirtjotoi?.. 



14r3 



3iS 



^11 



sufferings of the Saints in Missouri. He was ibllowed tj' Mr. 
Butterfield. He managed the case very judiciously and his 
plea was a powerful one. He showed that Governor Reynolds 
of Missouri had subscribed to a lie in his demand for Joseph, 
and that Governor Carlin would not have given up his dog on 
such a requisition. He said that such an attempt struck at all 
the liberty of the institutions of the country. What was 
Joseph's fate that day might be tlieir fate the next day. It 
was a matter of history that Joseph and his people had been 
murdered or driven from the State of Missouri. If he were to 
go there, it would be only to be murdered, and he had better 
be sent to the gallows. He was an innocent and unoffending 
man, and if there was any difference between him and other 
men, it was that this people believe in prophecy and others 
do not. 

The court room was crowded during the trial; tlie utmost 
good order and good feelings jirevailed, and much prejudice 
was allayed. The court adjourned (ill the next day at nine 
o'clock, for the makicig up of its opinion. In the afternoon 
Mr. Prentiss, the marshal of the district, sent his carriage to 
carry Joseph to his house. A number of the leading men were 
there and took supper with him. The next day a bevy of 
ladies accompanied Judge Pope to the court-rjom to give his 
decision. The place was crowded with g2>ectators, and Joseph 
was the observed of every body. The Judge reviewed the case 
at considerable length. He passed some very severe strictures 
on the action of the different governors and officers in Joseph's 
case. 

Joseph was discharged. Another instance had happened, in 
which after suffering contumely and ahuse, and being persecuted 
and dogged and almost harassed out of his life, nothing could be 
proved against him. He stood an innocent man in the face of 
the world and before his enemies, who had not the power to 
sustain any of their cruel charges. You would think they 
would have been disgusted with themselves after this and have 
stopped their persecution of him. Not they; they had the 
spirit of their father, the devil, who was a liar and murderer 
from the beginning, and nctliing would satisfy them hut his 
blood. That they thirsted for, and that they were resolved to 
have, if they could get it. 

Joseph had ample opportunities of conversing with the 
judge, the lawyers, and various officers, and he talked freely to 
them about religion. The day will come, if it has not already 
with some of them, when they will think of what he said, and 
the testimonies which he bore to them, and they will be filled 
with sorrow that they did not believe his testimony and obey 
the truth which ho taught. There were many distinguished 
men in Springfield, from whom he received invitations to visit 
them; but time did not permit him to do so. On December 
7th he started for Nauvoo. The weather was cold and disa- 
greeable, making the travel tedious. There were no railroads 
in that country in those days, and all traveling had to be done 
on horseback or in carriages or wagons. He and his company 
crossed the Illinois river on the ice. They reached Nauvoo on 
the 10th. It was a time of jubilee when Joseph returned safe 
once more to his home and the Saints, and the people rejoiced 
as none but tho.se could who have suffered so .severely from the 
hands of tlieir enemies. A day of humiliation, fasting, praise, 
prayer and thanksgiving was appointed for the Saints on the 
17th of Januarj'. Meetings were held in various parts of the 
city which were well attended. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 






A plate of apples was passed round to a group of children. 
There was a fine rod apple at ihe toji, which a little girl took. 
"Ilow greedy you an-!" said hor next neighbor, "to take the 
largest. I meant to take that my.self." 



IF O O ID . 



MUCH attention is now being paid to this subject; men of 
scientific knowledge are enabled to make known, through 
the press, information which a few years ago could not have 
been obtained. In large cities, such as London and New York, 
museums are formed, in which specimens of the food used by 
different races of men are exhibited, and their value as food 
clearly shown. If the young student could only visit such a 
place, he would not only be enaijled to learn more respecting 
the nature of these things which are used to build up the body, 
but he would see how much importance is attached to the 
subject of dietetics, or the principle for regulating food. We 
have seen that in drinking, men are not always guided by correct 
principles; it is so also with eating. Thirst should be the guide 
in relation to drinking, and it would be if water alone was used. 
Appetite would also be a correct guide in regard to eating, if 
appetite had not become depraved by habit. 

Man is, however, difierently constituted to the lower animals 
in some respects; he is po.ssessed of reasoning powers; and, 
although he is just as dependent for existence upon that which 
he eats and drinks, as the meanest of the creations are, he has 
to use that intelligence he possesses in regulating his diet, or 
else suffer in consequence of neglect. The lower animals, in a 
state of nature, are guided in this respect by what we call 
instinct — an intuitive knowledge which man has lost to a great 
extent, by want of use. There are no excesses with these 
lower creatures unless they are educated by man. The hog, 
in a free wild state, is altogether different in his habits to the 
hog of our cities, as regards gluttony. The camel drinks 
excessively of water before journeying over the desert, but a 
special provision is made for this in his structure; proper places 
are found in this animal to store this necessary fluid for a 
time of scarcity; even the hump of that animal is a depository 
of food for its sustenance when traveling over countries where 
vegetation is scarcely seen. Many of the lower animals hide 
away food which is not required, and, when left to themselves, 
do not indulge to excess. 

It is, however, quite right to have food prepared properly 
and made nice; but, after all, the object of eating ought not to 
be lost .sight of; which is to leplace the parts which have been 
worn out and removed from the system. The greatest temper- 
ance should be observed in relation to eating, for too much 
food taken into the stomach Joes harm, and, if persisted in, 
produces disease. Besides, it is a waste of that which the 
Lord supplies to sustain life, and defeats the object of taking 
food, which is to prolong life. 

Not only should a proper quantity be used, but the quality 
also is of importance, for, unless we take the proper kind of 
food the body su.ffer,s. One of the popular writers upon this 
subject compares the body to a stove and the food to fuel; the 
comparison is good, but some food contains small supjilies of 
fuel com))ared with other food; some contains too much. Again, 
not only do we require fuel, but material to make bone and 
sinew, nerve and muscle. 

New, although we may be young in years, we may easily 
obtain correct knowledge upon these things, and, by liv ng 
more in accordance with the laws of our being, we may live 
longer, be happier, because liealthier, and obtain greater 
strength because we shall know the source of strength; for as 




Cr TJ "V" E IN" I L E I3Sj-STI?/TJOTOI?/ 



our leaders have often told us "everything is dependent on 
natural principles." 

In these mountains the habits of the people are so simple, 
compared with those of the old cities of the world, that persons 
are seldom, perhaps never, seen with the lips pale and colorless 
■where the bright ruby red should be seen. A blanched, sickly- 
looking lip betrays the absence of iron from the blood. The 
brilliant, red color of the blood is owing to the presence of that 
metal. The quantity is small, not a quarter of an ounce exists 
in the bl od of a heavy man, but it has to be there to form 
healthy blood: and it must be sujijilied in the food. Look at 
that young child sufteriiig from toothache; examine the tooth; 
it is decayed. The enamel o' the tooth has Hint in its compo 
sition which makes it so hard and smooth; unless we take food 
which contains flint Isilica,) the enamel cannot be replaced; 
the tooth decays and the nerve is expo-sed; this causes the 
toothache. Children, in large cities, may be seen with limbs 
distorted, the legs bowed, unable to carry the weight of the 
body, and the back crooked because of the weakness of the 
spine (the back bone.) The bones, to make them strong, 
require lime in them and phosphorous which can only be sup- 
plied by the blood. 

Although the principal part of the body is made up of the 
four elements of which all organized bodies are made, viz.. 
Oxygen, Hydrogen, Nitrogen and Carbon, there are a few 
others which enter into its composition. We have seen that 
more than three fourths of the body is water, that is, Oxygen 
and Hydrogen. Fat is composed of these two elements with 
the addition of Carbon. Gelatine (skin consists principally of 
this substance,) Albumen (the white of an egg is an example 
of this substance,) and fibrin (the substance of the muscle is 
made up of fibrin chiefly, ) are composed of nitrogen in addition. 
Water — oxygen and hydrogen. Fat — oxygen, hydrogen and 
carbon. Gelatine, albumen and fibrin — o.xygcn, hydrogen, 
carbon and nitrogen. Beth. 



f^or the Juvenile Inslruclor. 

C H .^ K. J^ ID E . 



IIV O. V. WIIITNEV. 



I ara composed of 9 letters 

My S, ('., 7, is a heavy weight. 

My 1, s, f>, is an animal. 

My I, '2, .3, is a nickname. 

My 7, y, I, is a short sleep. 

My 4, 7, 3. is a small in-cct. 

My whole is a country on this Western Continent. 



Tin: LTTTLE DRAWER.-"Where did you' get your 
orderly haljit.s?" I a>ked of a lady who never had to waste a 
moment in hunting for things out of tlicir place. 

''When I was four years old," she answered, "ni<ither gave 
me a little tirawer to put my clothes in. 'Make it your busi- 
ness, my dear child, she said, to keep that drawer neat and 
tidy. Iict me never find it in di.-order. ' 

"Once she .sent for mo to come home from a party of little 
girls, in order to put away a pair of stockings carclc.-sly left on 
the floor, and I u.sed sometimes to tliiiik motlier was hard on 
me; but now I .see I owe my good habits to the care I wa.s 
made to take of that little drawer when I was four years old." 

You sec how early habit.s arc formed. It is never too late to 
begin a new one. — Selcclrd. 



^rtijiital l^odcfi* 




OTJK. STJIsr3D.A."3r SGHIOOXj. 

WRITTEN FOB THE 20TH W.\RD ANNIVERS.\RY. 
I'ane, "The days loe went a Oipsying." 



In the days we had no Sunday school, a long time ago, 
We spent our Sabl)al lis carelessly, aud broke the sacred law, 
We our religion did not prize, nor knew we much ot (iod, 
Ot hurdlj' cared to know why we were dwellers on earth's sod. 
Or hardly cared to know why we were dwellers on earth's sod. 
And thus we wasted precious hours, without a thought to bow, 
To God above iu Sunday schools, a long time ago! 

But now we feel that we are blessed, for happy we can meet, 
By thousands all through Utah's vales, and glad our Sabbaths 

greet, 
For Father hath inspired his Saints to organize their youth. 
And gatlier them where they can hear aud read the words of 

Truth. 
And gather them where they can hear and read the words of 

Truth. 
We feel that we have much improved, though more we bspe 

to know. 
By comiug here to Sunday school, though 'tis not long ago. 

Whene'er, or where, we bow the knee and call upon the Lord, 
We fervent ask that he would bless the teachers of our Ward, 
With all who iu the "Church of Christ," have e'er baptized been 
From Brigham to the latest one who hath the water seen; 
I'roin Brigjiani to the latest one who hath the water seen; 
That they may faithful be and true, to duty here below 
And feel that Sabbath schools have changed the past^-the long 
ago. 

And when our parents pass away to realms beyond the skies, 
A mighty host shall spring to till the places they now prize, 
To glad bear oil" the kingdom in the glorious "latter days," 
To step to time as God works out His plan through wisdom's 

ways. 
To step to time as God works out His plan through wisdom's 

ways. 
By countless myriads through the land shall Israel spread and 

grow, 
And congregate in Sabbath schools more wise than long ago. 

N. 



Evil companion."! are like tobacco smoke; yon cannot be long i 
\i ihetr presence without carrying away some taint. I 



If you should see a man digging in a snow drift with the 
•ipectalion of finding a valuable ore, or planting seed on the 
rolling billows, you would say at once that he was beside him- 
self. But in what respect does this man difi"er from you while 
you sow the seed of idleness and dissipation in your youth, and 
exiicct the fruits of age will bo a good constitution, elevated 
aflections and holy ]>rinciplcs. 

vJTJVE3srini,£! I2NrSTi?.TJOTOK7 

Is jmbluiltril m Hall Lake Oily, Utah Tcrnlm-y, 
ON TIIIC FIRST A FIFTEKNTH OF EVERY MONTH. 

CEORCE Q. CANNO N. EDI lOR A PUBLISHER. 

Hlni$le Copy, per Annum $3 00 

tlnyle Copy, for Hlx Months 1 59 

Or lite ,,',,,er, '/., , ordrreil: and icA™ Oaili pin/mrnl, are mul^ 1. 

'";,',.';.';;;": ^'"■"""' ""•" """ "" '^"^^ c.«<a„.„.^ tue ^::tof"'z 

e.^/fv;",.,,"'"'- "■ «'"'«""°"' -f-^'""". '"■" '^t <" General AgeiU /or 



■f (Jrain i.r, uplit to thit Villi for Ike Juvenile Instrdctor ,«;/». 
■ivcd al Uu o^lcc of our j^iiy'er— Ueskket News Builujngs "* 



:&^3J' 




