
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15. 18G8. 



NO. 8. 



XjIIFE OIF G- E O K. C3- El S T E 1= H E ZSTS O 3Sr, 



THE improved boiler was what is called a multitubular boiler. 
You do not understand that, I suppose. An iron boiler 
is cast, six feet long, and three feet and a third in diameter. 
It is to be filled half full of water. Through this lower half 
there run twenty-five copper tubes, each about three inches in 
diameter, opened at one end to the fire, through which the heat 
passes to the chimney at the other end. You see this would 
present a great deal of heating surface to the water, causing it 
to boil and steam ofi" with great rapidity. The invention was 
net a sudden growth, as no inventions are. Fire-tuhes, servintr 



factory floor was deluged. Poor Robert was in despair. He 
sat down and wrote his father that the whole thing was a 
failure. 

A failure indeed! Back came a letter by the next post tell- 
ing him to "go ahead and try again!" The letter moreover 
suggested a remedy,for the disaster — fastening the tubes into 
the boiler by fitting them snugly into holes bored for the pur- 
pose, and soldering up the edges. And it proved to be 
precisely what Robert himself had thought of; after the first 
hitter wave of dis-ippnintment had subsided. So he took heart 




this use, started in several fertile minds about the same time, 
and several persons claimed the honor of the invention; but it 
was Stephenson's practical mind which put it into good work- 
ing order, and made it available. For he told Robert to try it 
in his now locomotive. 

lie did. The tubes were of copper, manufactured by a 
Newcastle coppersmith, and carefully inserted into the ends of 
the boiler iiy screw.s. Water was put into tlie boiler, and in 
order to be sure there was no leaking, a jiressure was jjut on the 
water; when lo, the water Bquirtcd out at every screw, and the 




and went to work again. Success crowned his efforts. A 
heavy pressure was put on the water and not a drop oozed out. 
The boiler was completely water-tight. 

This is precisely the kind of boiler now in use; some have 
fifty tubes; the largest engines one hundred and fifty. 

Various other improvements were incorporated into the new 
engine, which, as you do not i>robably understand much about 
mathincry, will not i)articuiarly interest you. 

At last the new engine was (inishe<l. It weighed only four 
tons and a quarter, little less than two tons under the weight 





53 



0" TJ "^;^ El IN" I L E IlNrSTI^TJCTOI^, 



■fQd 



* 



required by the offer of the directors. The tender, shaped Hke 
a wagon, carried the wood in one and and the water in the 
other. 

It was forthwith put on the Killingworth track, fired up, 
and started off. Robert must have watclied its operations with 
intense anxietj-. jN'othing could have met his expectations like 
the new boiler. It, in fact, out did his highest hopes. The 
steam made rapidly, and in what seemed to him then, marvel- 
lous quantities. Away went a letter to Liverpool that very 
evening. 

'"The Rocket is all right and ready," wrote the j-oung man, 
joyfully. That was the engine s name, "Rocket," on account 
of its speed perhaps. "Puffing Billy" was quite cast into the 
shade. By looking at our engiaving of the first page, you can 
form an idea of its appearance. 

It was shortly shipped to Liverpool in season for the grand 
trial. 

The trial, raiiidly approaching, elicited a great and genera! 
interest. The public mind was astir. The day fixed was the 
first of October. Engineers, mechanics, and scientific men, far 
and near, flocked to Liverpool. The ground where the exhibi- 
tion was to take place, was a level piece of railroad two miles 
long, a little out of the city. Each engine was to make twenty 
trips at a rate of speed not under ten miles Sn hour, and three 
competent men were appointed as judges. 

Four engines were entered on the list, "The NdVELTi','' 
''Sans-parkil," "The Rocket," "rEusEVERANTE." 

Se\eral others were built for the occasion in different parts 
of the kingdom, or rather projected and begun, but were not 
finished in time. 

In oi-der to afford ample opportunity for their owners to get 
them in good working order, the directors postponed the trial 
to October tjth. The day arrived, and a glance at the country 
round showed that an unusual occasion was drawing people 
together. JIultitudes from the neighboring towns assembled 
on the grounds at an early hour. The road was lined with 
carriages, and a high staging afforded the ladies an ojiportunity 
of witnessing the novel race. 

The "Novelty" and "San.s-pareil," thsugh first on the list, 
were not ready at the hour appointed. What engine was? 
The Rocket. Stephenson next on the roll, was called for bv 
the judges, and i)romi)tIy the little Rocket fired up •it the call. 
It perf>rmcd six trips in about fifty-three minutes. 

The Novelty then proclaimed itself ready. It was a light, 
trim engine, of little more than three tons weight, carrying its 
wodd and water with it. It took no load and ran across tlie 
course sometimes at the rate of twenty-five miles an hour. 
The .Sans-pareil also came out. 

The I'ersevcrance, not able to go faster than five or six miles 
an hour, withdrew from the contest. As the day wa.s now far 
spent, further exhibition was put off until the morrow. 

What exciting discussions must have taken place among rival 
competitors and their friends. What a .scrutiny of the merits 
and di-merits, the virtues and defects of ojijiosing engines. 

Belorc the appointed horn- the next day, the bellows of the 
Novelty gave out, and as this was one of its merits — a bellows 
to increase the draft of the air-blast— its builders were forced 
to retire from the list. 

Soon after a defect was (ll>cnvprcd in the bniler of the "Sans- 
pareil." Mr. llackwortli begged for time to mend if; as there 
was no time, none could be granted, and he too withdrew hi.s 
claims. 

The Rocket alone stood its ground. The Rocket, therefore, 
was again called for. Stephenson attached to it a carriage 
large enough to hold a party of thirty, and drove his locomo- 
tive along the line at the rate cf twenty-five and tiiirty miles 
an hour, to the amazement and delight of every one present. 



The next morning it was ordered to be in readiness to answer 
the various specifications of the offer. It snorted and panted, 
and steamed over the race-ground in proud trim, drawing about 
thirteen tons weight. In twenty trips, backward and forward, 
its greatest speed was twenty-nine miles an hour, three times 
greater than Nicholas Wood, one of the judges, declared to be 
possible. Its average rate was fifteen miles, five miles beyond 
the rate specified for the prize. The performance appeared 
astonishing. Spectators were filled with wonder. The poor 
directors began to see fair weather; doubts were solved, disputes 
settled; the Rocket had cleared the track for them. There 
could no longer be any question how to run the road. George 
Cropper, who had steadily countenanced stationary engines, 
lifted up his hands, exclaiming, "Stephenson has at last deliv- 
ered himself.!" 

(To he Continued.) 



HISTOID "Y" 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

OIF JBS CJS- 



CHAPTIR XV. 

THE prophets had foretold that at the time of the crucifixion 
of Jesus, there should be darkness on the Western Con- 
tinent for three days and nights. Although many great and 
wonderful miracles had been performed by those that believed 
and lived in obedience to the words of the prophets, many 
began to doubt, and say that the prophets had spoken falsely. 

On the very day and at the very hour when Jesus, the Son 
of God was nailed to a cross, there arose a most fearful storm, 
here in the land of America; although it was not called 
Ar..erica then, for at that time it was inhabited by the people 
called Nephitcs and Lanianites. That storm was the most 
fearful one that ever was known. The wind blew in hurricanes 
and tempests, while the fla.shes of lightning and the awfu] 
l)ea!s of thunder were fearfully terrific. 

In the midst of the dreadful scene, the great' city Zarahemla 
took fire and was burned to ashes. It was in this same city 
where, before the birth of Jesus, the prophet Samuel tried to 
preach, but the people would not suffer him to remain in the 
city, but drove him out, and he got upon the walls and stood 
and warned them of the judgments of God that would come 
upon them if they did not repent. 

Very many other cities were destroyed— .some were burned- 
some were sunk and some buried in the depths of the sea- 
some were taken up by tremendous whirlwinds, while others w«re 
sh.-xkcn by earthquakes until the buildings fell and crushed the 
inhabitants. In .some places the rocks wore torn asunder and 
thrown up in huge mountainous piles, while in other parts they 
were scattered about in broken fragments. 

This awful scene la.sted three hours, the same length of time 
that .Te.sus hung in agony on 'he cross — and in the short space 
of three hours, the whole face of this western continent was 
fearfully cliangcd. Of the many once flourishing cities, both in 
the north and scnith, a few remained, but those few were very 
much injured by the temiie.sts and "earthquakes, and many of 
the inhabitants perished. 

When the storm ceased, the whole land was covered with 
darkness: and the darkness was so dense, that the people that 
outlived the storm, could feel the vapor of darkness. It was 
imjiossible for them to make any light whatever — they could 
neither light candles nor kindle very dry wood, so as to make 
even a glimmer of light; and there was not the least ray to be 
.seen from the sun, moon or stars. 

This was a dreadful state for the people to remain in, after 
the awful calanuties which bad come upon them. The dark- 



b^^- 



,1/9 



0"TJ'V"E3SriI-,E HSrSTE-TJCTOH. 




ness lasted during the time of three days and nights. And 
there was great weeping, mourning and lamentation among the 
people who had been warned of the things that were coming 
upon the earth, and had been called upon to repent of their 
sins and turn to the Lord. When it was too late, they saw 
their folly and bewailed their wretched condition. And in 
many places they filled the air with their cries and lamentations 
that they had not forsaken their sins before those calamities 
overtook them, so that they might have been spared with their 
sons and daughters, to enjoy their society. 

Then the sound of a voice went forth over all the land, and 
it was heard by all the living that were spared from the awful 
scourge. The voice was the voice of Jesus, and he spoke to 
all the inhabitants of the earth. He reproved the people for 
their sins, and told them how they had persecuted those who 
had sought to do them good; and that in consequence of their 
wickedness, all these calamities had come upon ilvnn, and those 
who were the greatest sinners had been utterly destroyed, as 
the prophets had predicted. 

The voice then said, "O all you that are spared because you 
were more righteous tlian they; will you not now return unto 
me, and repent of j'our sins and be converted, that I r^ay heal 
you? Yea, verily I say unto you, if ye will come unto me, ye 
shall have eternal life. Behold my arm of mercy is extended 
towards you, and whosoever will come, I will receive; and bles- 
sed are they that come unto me. Behold, I am Jesus Christ, 
the Son of God. And as many as have received me, to them 
have I given power to become the .sons of God; and even so 
will I, to as many as shall believe on my name: for, by me 
redemption cometh, and in me is the law of Moses fulfilled. I 
am the light and the life of the world. I have laid down my 
life and have taken it up again: therefore, repent and come 
unto me, ye ends of the earth, and be ye saved." E. It. S. 
{To be Continued.) 



ntU irngiitJii'^ Whii^* 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

•VISIT x: x: . 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



A^ 



[CONTINUED.] 

S they were resting under the elm an aged man dressed 
in a loose blue coat and brass buttons, blue pants and 
vest and a three cornered hat came ard sat down beside them. 
"Fine day, sir," said he to papa. "Very," laconically replied 
papa. "Have you ever seen the hospital sir;" asked the 
gentleman of the blue coat." "No, sir," replied papa. "I, sir, 
am a pensioner, a Greenwich pensioner," said the old gentle- 
man, as if it was quite an honor to be a Greenwich pensioner, 
"and I .shall be proud to show you over the house." "Would 
you not like to see the old gentlemen take their supper, my 
dear," said he to Mary? "Yes, I should" replied Mary. Papa 
referred to his watch and found they had plenty of time. They 
walked round the park, viewed the observatory, from which all 
kinds of scientific observations are made, and then went to the 
hospital, which was a large building erected fordisaliled sailors, 
in which they might end their days in peace after having devo- 
ted most of their lives to the service of their country. The old 
gentleman showed them the flag room, where the flags that 



had been torn and blackened in many a hard fought battle 
hung around. 

They visited the kitchen where they were making tea by the 
gallon. An old black man, who had been a sailor, gave them 
some tea to taste, which was not Terj strong, but very hot and 
sweet. When they had satisfied their curiosity papa gare the 
old pensioner a present for his courtesy and received the usual 
' 'God bless your honor. ' ' They departed well pleased with their 
visit. 

They reached the pier and there was the steam boat ready to 
take them back to London bridge. The bell was ringing as 
a signal for them to go on board, and other passengers were 
hurrying to secure their passage and all was life and bustle. 
They had only been a few miimtes on the steam boat when the 
bell stopped, and the Captain, walking between the paddle 
wheels, began to give directions to the man in the engine room, 
which were echoed by a small boy at the opening of the engine 
room, for the large paddle wheels made such a noise that the 
engineer could not hoar the Captain. "Start ahead," said the 
Captain. "Start ahead" echoed the call boy, and the boat be- 
gan to move. 

There are so many boats and so much shipping in the river 
Thames that great care has to be taken, otherwise the vessels 
would run into each other and occasion much damage and loss 
of life. "Ease her," called the Captain. "Ease her" shouted 
the call boy, that being the instruction to the engineer to slack- 
en the speed. The boat moved slowly out into the river, and 
the voice of the Captain was again heard, "Go on ahead," 
which was repeated by the call boy, and away they went up the 
river. The setting sun was tinging the clouds with a rich gol- 
den hue which was reflected in the water of the river. The 
men from the various factories and ship building yards were 
wending their way homewards to enjoy the comfort of their 
families after a hard day's work, and the noise and hustle of 
the morning scene was quieting down into calmness and peace. 
Papa pointed out some ships that had come from America la- 
den with cotton and tobacco, and Mary asked him, "shall we 
have to sail in a ship like this?" "Yes, my dear," replied pa- 
pa, "only a much larger one, and we shall live upon the water 
for many weeks without ever seeing land." "Oh, I like being 
in a ship," said little Ellen. "Perhaps," said papa, "when 
you are upon the sea and feel sea sick you would not think it so 
pleasant." "Papa," said Mary, "why do people get sick at 
sea?" "Because of the motion of the vessel," replied papa, 
"the sea rocks a large ship about like that small straw j-ou see 
passing by this boat. ' ' The girls saw the straw tossed about in 
the foam caused by the motion of the paddle wheels, and it 
seemed impossible to believe it. 

They arrived at London bridge about the time of lighting the 
city and had the oppor; unity of seeing part of London by night. 
The city is lighted by gas, which is made by consuming coal, 
without allowing the vapor, called gas, to escape. This vapor 
is forced into iron pipes and conveyed under ground to various 
lamps erected on the side walks. A very easy experiment, and 
one which will give you some idea how this gas is procured may 
be made as follows : Obtain a common clay tobacco pipe, fill 
the bowl with coal dust and stop it over with clay, then put the 
bowl into the fire and leave the pipe out in the front. When 
it is heated, the gas, having no escape, will come through the 
end of the pipe, and by applying a lighted match to the vapor, 
it will burn with a clear flaiie until it is all consumed. 
To be Continued, 



Keep thy tongue from evil, 
guile. 



and thy lips from speaking 



\t 



EUnTIILjE in^NrSTS^TJCTOI^ 







r;C*> 



GEOKGE Q. CA.T>fIVOjV, 



EOITOK. 



APRIL 15, 1S68. 



ElIDITOIRILA^ni. TIIOTJCa-HTS. 




HERE are a great many little folks who 
very soon get angry. The most trifling 
thing will excite them. Then in their 
anger they say and do many things that 
they feel sorry for and ashamed of after- 
wards. While their passion lasts they 
feel as though they don't care for any- 
thing or anybody so that they can do as 
they please; and to carry out their desires 
they will commit many evils. It is very 
cult to be angry and sin not. The anger 
ch is not unto sin is that which God and his 
vants feel against the wicked and their evil 
but the anger of children one with another 
is not from God, but from that source from 
which all evils flow, and .sorrows rise. It is the temp- 
tation of the wicked one to lead us astray. 
We have all to learn to govern our tempers and pas- 
sions. It matters iiot if we be big or little, old or 
young we must not let them control us. If they do, they will 
destroy us. A man with passions he cann(3t govern is like a 
run-away locomotive engine, no one knows where it will go, or 
the injury it will do, but it is sure to come to destruction at 
last. How sad a sight is a passionate child; one who disputes 
and contends, who quarrels and fights. What good can we 
prophecy of such a child if these angry passions are not check- 
ed while it is young. That feeUng grows in many into the 
spirit of shedding blood, and has made many a man a mur- 
derer, as it did Cain, who in his wrath slew his brother Abel. 
Sorrow waits on all those who do not strive to conquer this 
burning, choking, death-dealing feelingof anger that so quickly 
and uncalled for rises in our hearts and tills for a short time our 
whole souls. It is not of God. Ue abhors it and men fear and 
hate it. 

The passionate man is a foe to himself. Anger plows more 
furrows on the forehead, and sjioils more pretty faces than age 
it.self. The passionate man carries in his bosom a never dying 
fire that bums to his destruction, and consumes the vital 
powers of his being. Many men shorten their lives, not for 
weeks or days but for years by giving way to anger. It is like 
an earthquake is to the ground, it overturns and displaces, 
disorganizes and destroys, and throws all of the hidden machin- 
ery of a man's body into disorder. And thus a man brings 
evil on himself. 

I'erhaps you may think it strange that anger .should hurt the 
body; but it is .so. The spirit and body are so united, that all 
the feehngs of the mind act ujion the body. Love and hatred, 
jiy and sorrow, hope and fear, cheerfulness and gloom all work 
for good or liarm on this outward clothing of tlio spirit. Even 
the fact, small as it may seem, of our asking a blessing on our 
food and thanking our Heavenly Father for it, has a pood 
eficct on our bodies. That is, if the heart rises with the lips 
in gratitude. That feeling of gratitude or thankfulness tits the 
stomach to receive the food, while gloom or anger untits it for 
its work. A crust of bread eaten with a cheerful heart will do 
us more good than the choicest food j)artaken of in sullcnncss 



or Wrath. Thus, in so small a thing as this may appear, while 
we honor God, we bless ourselves. 

The spirit we should bear, is peace, meekness, and love. 
Jesus said "blessed are the peace makers: for they shall be 
called the children of God." What a glorious titlel Let tis 
try and remember it. Remember also that a wise man has said 
"a soft answer turneth away wrath, but grievous words stir up 
evil.'' Boys and girls who fancy that they have received an 
insult or suffered a wrong should think twice before they speak 
once, and think that "a soft answer turneth away wrath." 
Then act upon this thought and give a kind word with a smile, 
and peace will dwell in two hearts, where, had a cross word been 
given, anger would have reigned. 

There is one thing more, never ves a companion to anger, by 
taunts, or unwise jests. Such a course is also wrong, it pro- 
duces the evil we have been talking about. But let your inter- 
course be in kindness and love, and you will grow up to be 
indeed "the children of God." 



For the Juvenile Imstructor, 
ON THE HISTORY OF TUE INDIANS. 



33. What did Laman do? 
Fled to his brothers. 

34. Did Lanian and Lemuel want to return without tlie 
plates? 

Yes. 

35. Whnt did Xcplii say? 

As the Lord liveth, etc. See Book of Mormon, page G, ^ 2-t. 
3G. What (lid Nephi then propose to do? 
To get all their father's gold, etc. 

37. Did Laljan give them the plates on excliange? 
No. 

38. What did he do? 

Took all thi-ir money and tried to kill them. 

39. Wliat did Lehi's sous do? 
Fled and hid iu a rock. 

40. What did Laman and Lenuicl do? 
Began to beat Nephi and Sam. 

41. Who interfered and stopped them? 
An angel of the Lord. 

42. Wliat did tliis angel tell them to do? 
Go back to Jerusalem. 

4:'.. Did they do so? 
Yes. 

44. Who went towards Laban's house this time? 
Nephi. 

4.^. Was it day time or night? 
Night. 

46. Where did ho find Laban? 
In the street drunk. 

47. What did Xeplii do? 
Cut of his ho.id. 

45. Did Nephi do right? 
Yes. 

4'.i. Wliat did Nephi do witli Laban's clothes and swordT 
I'ut them on. 

50. What was the name of Laban's servant whom Nephi 
met? 

/.Oram. 

51. Did Zoram get the plates for Nephi? 
Yes. 

.52. Dill Zoram consent to go with Nophi? 
Yes. 

.5:(. Did tlie Lord command Lchi to send his sons to Jerusa- 
lem a second time? 
Yes. 

5-1. For what purpose? 
'I'o brinK Ishmael and his family, 
.55. Did Ishmael and his family consent to como? 
Yes. 



b^^ 



ti. 



Lt>9 




CrTJ"V"En^ZLEl I]^STI?.TJOTOI^ 



61 ^ 



SOEnSTES IIsT 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE POOL OP HEZEKIAH. 




STRABO, a celebrated traveler and writer, who lived about 
the same time as our Savior, describes Jerusalem as "a 
tocky, well-enclosed fortress; within well watered, without 
wholly dryi" 

The Whole history of Jerusalem bears record to the truth 
of the above short description. We are often told of those 
who laid seige to the city suffering from thirst, but the defen- 
ders inside seem to have always been well supplied with water. 
During the time the Roman armies under Titus invested it, 
his legions suffered frightfully from thirst and were obliged to 
bring bad water from a distance for their drink, yet not a word 
is said of the Jews inside the walls suffering from this want, 
though they were dying by thousands every day of hunger. 
The Crusaders, during their seige of A. D. 1099, suffered 
greatly from drought, whilst the inhabitants were well supplied. 

All who Hve in this Territory know I'u!! '.vr!i tin- vm!u' n'' - 
plentiful sUp' 
ply of water. 
It is the same 
i n Palestine. 
The climate of 
that land beinc 
very warm .m 
dry, tb'- i 
of Jfr S.I 
very \- • 
made ih.- 
use 'J '.' L ; 
spring-. ■ 
fountains ili: 
burst Jo 
within I ii 
walls or ill . 
neighbijili.j. 
of the ■ ; 
The waici- 
these i^ir. ii . 
were led • 
means ol cn- 
duits to sui- 

able places wli'.ro '■:■;-, j L-i.^tcrn 
These cisterns or pools are very numerous in Jerusalem, and 
are often referred to in the scriptures. Our engraving repre- 
sents one of these, named after Hezekiah, one of the last and 
best of the kings of Judea. 

The book of Chronicles tells us that when Sennacherib, king 
of Assyria threatened Jerusalem, Hezekiah took counsel of his 
princes and mighty men, and the first work executed to put 
the city in a state of defence was "to stop the waters of the 
fountains that were without the city. So there was gathered 
much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the 
brook that ran through the midst of the land, saying, 'why 
should the king of Assyria come and find much water?'" We 
afterwards read that this same king "stopped the upper water- 
courses of Gehon, and brought it straight down to the west side 
of the city of David," also "be made a pool and a conduit and 
brought water into the city." Our engraving represents the 
pool that has the reputation of being the one made by Heze- 
kiah, and probably with reason. It is at present about two 
hundred and forty feet long and about one hundred and fifty 
broad, but it appears to have been originally three hundred 
feet long. In digging the foundations for the English church 
a subterranean channel was discovered, which some imagine to 




have been Hezekiah's conduit spoken of in the scripture we 
have just quoted. 

Our engraving gives a good idea of the present state of 
Jerusalem. How different it is, to what it was in the days 
when Solomon reared the temple of the living God in its midst. 
To day it is in many respects like most other Turkish cities; 
dirty and dilapidated. Its streets so narrow that a wagon or 
carriage cannot pass through them. Its fourteen thousand 
inhabitants are a strange mixture, Jew, Christian and Moslem; 
yet to all it is a holy city. A city of bright recollections and 
glorious promises, but to day humbled in the dust. And 
amidst its so-called sacred shrines and holy places, priests 
quarrel and sects fight for the possession of a few yards of 
ground which the feet of the Savior are supposed to have 
pressed, or where his body laid in the grave, while at the same 
time they neglect and scorn His servants now living on the earth 
and reject the same message of peace and good will which they 
bear uUto them. 

Behind the pool on the left hand of our picture rises the 
1.1... n.l ..tbcr portions of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre^- 

the very centre 
of fanatical con- 
tention. For here 
tradition teaches, 
with its usual 
untruthfulness, 
that Jesus was 
aid in the grave. 
How they can 
iianage to get 
[■cople to believe 
til at the grave 
where Jesus laid 
was inside the 
"alls of the city 
IS rather hard to 
tell. 

In the d i s- 
tanoe, behind the 
ijool high above 
the surrounding 
buildings, can be 
seen the graceful 
dome of the Mos- 
|iio ol' Omar "the noble SancLury," the second mo^it sacred spot 
in the Mahometan world. That is it is the next after Mecca. 
The second most beautiful mosiiue. That is it is the next after 
Cordova. It rises from the centre of a platform partly paved 
with marble, while its walls are inlaid with the same precious 
material, and its windows are brilliant with stained glass. It is 
supposed to stand on the same spot where the temple of Solomon 
was btiilt. Since the days the Crusaders were finally driven out 
of Jerusalem, the enclosure surrounding the Mosque has been 
jealously guarded from the profanation of Christian feet. But 
to the Moslem it is the park or pleasure ground of the city. 
Old and picturesque trees, olive, cypress and plane, sometimes 
standing alone, sometimes grouped in small groves, give abun- 
dant shade; and there the faithful lounge and talk, or Moslem 
women sit and chatter, whilst their children sport around. 

G. R. 



TO PARENTS.— In early childhood you lay the founda- 
tion of poverty or riches in the habits you give your children. 
Teach them to save every thing, not for their own use, for that 
would make them selfish, but for some use. Teach them to 
share with others, but never allow them to destroy any thing. 





j^^^j3SaS3!^S^SMXSS^BSi^saSS 



^ESBBi^^ESS 



U V" E! IsT I L E in^STI^TJCTOl?. 



5 



r 






Jbr ^Ae Jm-cniU Instructor, 
JIEETS ■Wrra AN ACCIDENT. 



A TKUE STOKT. 
[second PART.l 

WHILE little George sat pondering over the loss of his 
bird, feeling sad and lonesome, he could not but, at the 
same time, feel glad that he had done a good deed; and he 
Ihought that if his kind mistress scolded him for not prizing 
her gift as he ought, he could save his half-pennies and pay 
her back the two-pence again which she had spent to buy the 
bird. And he had an idea that for the good which ho had 
done to the unfortunate bird, somebody would, some day, do 
him a good turn when he needed one. 

lie had seen so many strange and unaccountable providences 
happen to him in his changing life of but a few years, that he 
was led to expect something of the kind continually. 

He was often able to commune with himself, and when in 
these moods, he would feel that he could see far into the future 
and he thought while he sat upon his master's seat looking at 
the empty cage, 

"I will think and talk of this circumstance a great many 
years to come." 

This prophetic thought has now been realized. 

It was a bright and beautiful morning, and all things seemed 
to smile outside the dark dingy shoemaker's shop, and the free- 
dom-loving spirit of the poor boy longed for wings to fly away 
and join his absent Uttle feathered friend in its unrestrained 
enjoj-mont of liberty. how he would like to stroll freely 
through those trreen fields bright with sunshine, and i)luck the 
yellow buttercups and bright laughing daises; but, no; he had 
to be con'ined within the four walls of a small dark room, and 
work with leather and wax and shoemaker's thread. 

lie heaved a sigh, and before he knew it his mind was pray- 
ing to ijod to make him feel more happy and contented. 

He was at last aroused from these uncomfortable thoughts 
by the voice of his mistress calling on him to come down stairs 
to assist her, and his master and new acquaintance were pre- 
paring for \vork, for they always worked a little before breakfast. 

George worked all that week without anything happening 
worthy of recording, only, that ho had been permitted to play 
out of doors every evening a short time, and had made the 
acjuaintanco of some little boys in the neighborhood, which 
made him feel more contented. He liked his kind mistress 
better and better, fur she often contrived to get him off the 
shoemaker's .seat, when she knew he was tired, to send liini on 
errands to a shop near by to iiurchase food and otiior tilings 
for the family, and to help her in the houvj, wliich he liked to do. 

At length .'Saturday came, and all the work of the week was 
done and ready to be can-ied to the big city which the master 
and the kind mistress always did, assisted by the new acquain- 
tance. 

It was decided to leave George at home to take care of the 
house, and to sweep up the floor and clean the hearthstone, and 
have the tea kettle on and make things nice and cjuifortable 
by the time they returned in the evening. 

After they liad gone to the city with the week's work, and 
George wa.s left alone, he thought to himself: 

"Now, I will surprise my food kind mistress, and I will 
clean everj-thing in the house so clean, as to make her so glad 




that she has got such a good little boy to help her." He always 
did like to surprise those who were good to him with some 
extra endeavor to please them. When they were pleased it 
was all the reward he desired. To see them pleased was more 
to him than a gift or a reward, but when they did not appear 
pleased with any extra effort he might make, it wounded his 
feelings, and made him think that he never would again try to 
do anything extra to please anybody. 

AVell, he set about it in right good earnest, and with all his 
strength, and cleaned the floor of the kitchen and the fire-irons, 
and rubbed the chairs and made them shine again, working 
until he sweat, and was as black as a little sweep with black- 
lead, and coal-soot and ashes, for he thought the more black- 
lead he used on the grate, the greater it would shine, until he 
got it nearly all over him. 

The kitchen was now done, and he thought he would next 
clean the parlor; so he kindled a fire in the parlor grate, and 
put a pan of water on the kindling coals to heat, to wash the 
floor with, while he cleaned the grate and the fire-irons; and 
he was in a great hurry to get all Lis planned work done before 
his mistress returned. 

The fire kindled up and the water in the pan began to get 
scalding hot. 

George was just finishing the cleaning of the grate, and in 
his desire and anxiety to make it very bright, had forgotten 
the pan and the water on the top of the coals, when all at once 
the coals in the grate settled down, and threw the pan off and 
its scalding contents, putting out the fire and severely scalding 
one of little George's legs. The clean, bright grate was all 
spoiled, the parlor floor was covered with water and ashes, and 
the furniture in the room was all besmeared with steam and 
soot and dirty water. 

This was another of little George's mishaps. He felt that 
his leg was scalded, and on taking off his stocking found a 
blister the size of his hand. He cried with vexation and pain- 
caring more for what his kind mistress would say to him and 
think of him than for the scald he had received. 

Uncle George can well remember this circumstance, for when 
he takes off his stocking from the unlucky leg, there still 
remains the scar caused by that sca'd when he was little George. 

He did not have to remain long in that sad predicament, for 
dirty a#d smutted up with black-lead and coal-soot as he sat in 
a corner in a state of utter dejection nursing his scalded leg, 
which gave him great pain, the door suddenly opened, and in 
came the kind mistress, who stood amazed at finding her parlor 
in such a state. Her eye fell upon little George in the corner, 
who would have been glad to hide himself from her gaze if he 
could. 

When she saw him, she exclaimed, "why, George, my dear 
boy, what have you been doing?" 

Ho told her as well as he could through his sobs. She 
unilcrstood his kind intentions, and pitied him, tied up his leg 
andconimenced at once to make him clean and comfortable again. 

Before things had got straightened in the house, the master 
came in and was as much amazed as the kind mistress was, and 
felt inclined to scold the good-intentioned boy; but the mistress 
took him into the kitchen and showed him how nice and clean 
it was, and at the same time giving him to understand that the 
parlor would have been as clean as the kitchen ,if the pan had 
not fallen off the fire and scalded the boy's leg. He was paci- 
fied a?id requested (Jcorge to be more careful in time to come. 

My little friends, we learn from this jiortion of our history, 
and the clean kitchen, that it is always safe to have some good 
recorded in our favor, that if we shuuld by some unfortunate 
circnni-itanec be led into apparent or real wrong-doing, the 
remembrance of tiie good we have done may plead for bles.9 
ings of mercy and forgiveness. Uncle George. 



p^ 



flh^^ 




cr Tj -v" E nsr I n, E iiststi^tjotoi^, 



I 



it»9P^lh- 



j-ose:fi3: si^vdziTH, the 





N the sixth of April, 1841, the Nauvoo 
Legion assembled, and a procession was 
formed, which proceeded to the ground 
selected for the Temple. A hollow square 
was formed around the spot, and the 
superior officers of the Legion, the archi- 
tects, principal speaker, etc., were con- 
ducted to the stand at the pi incipal cor- 
ner stone — the south east. After singing, 
Sidney Rigdon addressed the Assembl}'. 
His remarks were followed by singing and 
prayer. The architects then, by the direction 
of the First Presidency, lowered the first (S. E. 
corner) stone to its place, and Joseph pronoun- 
ced the benediction. Sidney Rigdon followed 
in a prayer. After an adjournment for one hour, 
the people again assembled, and the south west 
corner stone was laid by the direction of the High 
Priesthood — Don Carlos Smith, Joseph's younger 
brother — and his counsellors. The third, or north west, cor- 
ner stone was then laid under the direction of the High Coun- 
cil; and the fourth, or north east corner stone, was lowered to 
its place superintended by Bishop N. K. Whitney and the 
bishops. As each stone was placed in its position a prayer was 
oflfered and blessings were invoked upon it by the President of 
the quorum officiating. 

This occasion was a time of much rejoicing for Joseph and 
the Saints. After all their sufferings from mobocracy they had 
at last reached a place where they could rest for a season and 
commence the erection of a House of the Lord. The Lord 
had a great endowment in store for His Saints. A suitable 
house was necessary in which to bestow this endowment — a 
place where the holy ordinances of the gospel could be admin- 
istered. The foundation stones were now laid, and many and 
fervent were the prayers which were offered up that the Saints 
might be permitted to complete it. Joseph was eager to push 
the work ahead. The people were sick and poor, and it seemed 
like a veiy heavy undertaking for so few people as there were 
there to attempt the erection of such a House. But God had 
commanded, and they stepped forth cheerfully to obey. 

Joseph, in alluding to the proper manner of laying the founda- 
tion stones of temples, said: "If the strict order of the Priest- 
hood were carried out in the building of Temples, the first 
stone would be laid at the south east corner, by the First Presi- 
dency of the church. The south west corner should be laid 
next. The third or north west coiner next; and the fourth or 
north east corner last. The First I'residency should lay the 
south east corner stone, and dictate who are the proper persons 
to lay the other corner stone.s. If a temple is built at a dis- 
tance, and the First Presidency are not present, then the quo- 
rum of the Twelve Apostles are the jiersonsto dictate the order 
for that Temple; and in the absence of the Twelve Apostles, 
then the Presidency of the Stake will lay the south east corner 
stone; the Melchisedec Priesthood laying the corner stones on 
the east side of the Temple, and the lesser Priesthood those on 
the west side." 

In laying the foundation stones of the Temple in this city the 
order laid down by Joseph was observed. But there was a 



quorum of the Twelve Apostles present, which there was not at 
hiying the foundation stones at Nauvoo; they were absent in 
England. The first stone of the foundation of the Temple 
here was laid by the First Presidcncj'. The second, the south 
west, was laid by the Presiding Bishop, his council, and the 
various Presidencies of the lesser Priesthood. The third, the 
north west, was laid by the President of the High Piiest's 
quorum with his council, and the President of the High Coun- 
cil. The fourth, the north east, was laid by the Twelve Apos- 
tles, the First Presidency of the Seventies and the Presidency 

of the Elders' quorum. 

Thus, as President Young explained on the occasion, the 
First Presidency, who are Apostles, started at the south east 
corner; "then the lesser Priesthood laid the second stone; we 
bring them into our ranks at the third stone, which the High 
Priests and Elders laid; we take them under our wing to the 
north east corner stone, which the Twelve and Seventies laid; 
and there, again join the Apostleship. It circumscribes every 
other Priesthood, for it is the Priesthood of Melchisedec, which 
is after the order of the Son of God." 



T"V7"0 O 131 1 Xj ID IE?. E 3^ 
ZFJ^STEZSTEID I3Sr J^ CLOSET. 

The following interesting account is from the Mobile (Ala- 
bama) Register. The little boy took the best course he could 
under the circumstances. He prayed, and his prayers were 
heard. 

EVERY reader remembers the ancient Venetian legend- 
best told in Rogers' poem, "Gmevra"-- of the bride who 
playfully hid away from her lord on the wedding day in an old 
oaken chest. It closed with a spring and she was thus 
entombed alive; her mourning friends and inconsolable lord 
never saw her face again, and he, 

'weary of life, 



Flung it away in battle with the Turk." 

Years aftenvards, when the bride's mysterious disappearance 
was almost a forgotten tale, the discovery of a few mouldering 
bones and ashes in the fatal chest, with long locks of fiided 
hair and rings and wedding trinkets, revealed the sad doom 
that had suddenly snatched her away from happiness, light' 
and life. 

Two little children, of a well known family in this city, nar- 
rowly escaped precisely such a fate on Wednesday last. They 
were at play in a yard near the dwelling, where a number of 
boxes and other things had been placed, among which was a 
very large chest with a hasp on thj outside, closing down over 
a staple so as to be secm-ed in the old-fashioned style with a 

padlock. 

In their play the children— a boy of eight and his sister of 
six years— got into the chest, and the lid, which was heavy, 
fell and brought the hasp down over the staple, fastening the 
lid down so securely that a strong man could not have bm-st 
it open from the inside. 

Near nighfall the mother of the little prisoners missed them, 
and not finding them in the yard, supposed they had, against 
orders, strayed into the street. She happened to pass near 
the chest, and fancying that she heard a strange, moaning 
sound, stooped and opened it, and there to her great surprise, 
she found her little darlings, crushed down by the heavy lid 
and so nearly suffboated that they wore speechless. A httle 
longer and the chest would have been their coffin. 

The boy, it appears, had a stout and pious heart; ho told 
his mother that when he found that they were fastened in, 




^^ ^ 64 



J"TJ"V"E3^IXjE in^STI^TJOTOI^ 



he prayed that she might be sent to open the chest, and he • 
beheveJ that she had come in answer to his prayer. He then i 
got out his little pocket-knife and felt about for the hinges of 
the chest, which be vainly endeavored to cut loose, telling his 
little sister Daisy to pray in the mean time with all her might. 
That boy's life was undoubtedly spared to some good end. 



I PRESUME, boys, you have all seen pictures of the panther, 
that dangerous animal which is the lion of America. Like 
his brother of far-oft' Africa, he is a strong, fierce creature, 
which you would not much like to meet if you were alone and 
unarmed in the ojien fields. This animal is found in consider- 
aVjle numbers in the mountains of California; and we hear, 
from the early settlers of that State, many interesting and 
amusing stories of their adventures with the "painter" as they 
call him. One of these, which is a "real, true story," I have 
thought you might like; .so here it is: 

Two men, whom we may call Brown and Jones, wore living 
in a part of the country far from any other settlenicnt. It was 
an old ranch where thousands of hor.ses and cattle had once 
been rai.-^ed, but which was now nearly abandoned. The broad, 
green pastures, divided by no ugly fences, were dotted here 
and there with groves of low trees, thick with underbrush. 
Tiiese thickets were a favorite biding place of grizzly bears, 
panthers, and other wild animals fmw the mountain forests 
around; and the men, through fear of them, made it a rule 
never to go far from their cabin without guns. 

One day, however, they went out to catcli a horse, wliich 
usually had no mind to be cauplit, leaving their guns behind 
them. So engaged were they in trying to coax him to them, as 
he pranced about, that before they were aware of it, he had led 
them far fnuu their cabin; and they f lund themselves separated 
from it by one of these groves. Sudilenly ]>rown was startled 
by a shriek from the direction of the thicket. Turning, he 
saw his companion nishing toward him, eying, "i)ainter! pain- 
ter! run! ' Without waiting to ask (juestions, he started at full 
Bpeed toward a tall, old chimney which stood near. He soon 
found him.self i)erclicd upon its to]), while Jones climbed to 
the uppermost branches of a high tree not far away. Thu.s 
settled, tluy looked about them, when, to their astonishment, 
the panther, which they had expected every moment to seize 
them, was nowhere to be .seen. 

"Wiiere's yer painter? ' sung out Brown. 

"I dun no," .s;iid Jones. "He was jist fixin' to jump when 
I seen him in the bushes; and I hearn him arter me when 1 
was a nmnin'." 

After waitimr a long time in vain for tlieir foe to appear, 
Brown succeeded in jiersuading his frightened friend lo get 
down from hi.s tree and go with him to the cabin for their guns. 
They succce<!ed in petting past the thicket without attracting 
the notice of tlie panther and were soon back, determined to 
spoil their ncightwrV plan for making a supper of them. 
Jones wa8 to beat about the edges of the tliieket and thus 
frighten the panther out; while Brown was stationed at a con- 
venient place to shoot him .ts he should make his appearance. 

After such a thra.shing ai' the bushes as panther niiver was 
known lo bear in silence before, a crashing was heard like dried 
sticks breaking under a heavy st<'p. I'resendy Brown, his gun 
to his shoulder, his finger on the trigger, and impatient to liie, 
saw the bushes part, and then appeared through them — what? 
The head and horns of the meekest, sleepiest old ox tliat ever 
wore a panther-colored coat. 



You can well believe that Jones never heard the last of his 
".scare." Whenever he would get to telling large stories about 
his adventures, his companions were sure to stop him with, 
"How about that ere painter?" — L/'ltle Chiff. 




^rlijiital i^o^fry* 



S.A. B B 



-Fo?- the Juvenile Instructor. 

Jk. T H S G H O O Xj 



Blest Sabbath clay! How gladly we hail thee. 
"When les.sons sweet, we may repeat, 

Blest Sabbath day! 
How siiered is the joyous sound, 
When little children gather round, 
Aud hearts with songs abound, 

Oh, blest Sabbalii day! 

Praise ye the Lord, little ones with singing; 
While truth we speak aud wisdom seek. 

Praise ye the Lord; 
Let His good word to bless and cheer, 
In every infant mind appear. 
With huth aud light sincere. 

Oh, praise the Lord! 

Great is his name, His goodness anH His glory! 
To him we owe each bliss we know, 

Great is his name! 
With gratefid hearts, the holy throng, 
With thanks and praise, with prayer and song. 
Shall echo loud aud long, 

Oh, great is His name! 

Blest .Sal)bath day! His word pronounced thee holy; 
We iiail tht-e then and sing again, 

Pi also ye the Lord! 
Willie valleys, woods and niountiiins ring. 
Our Heavenly Father, Christ and King, 
Is j)leased when children sing. 

Oh, greai is His uanie! 
S'liiil/^wlii, Cache Co. LuLA. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

c h: J^ B^ J^ ID E . 

BT MISS J. EVANS. 



I am composed of 10 letters. 

My 1, '1, i, S, is the name of a man that lived before the 
flood. 

My 7, 10, 9, 8, is that which comes from the clouds. 
My :',, (1, 2, ."), is what all bakers sell. 
My whole is a state in the Union. 



>JXJ"^E2<rinL,E IIsrSTK.TJGTOB. 

7.V i,al,li.^lud l/i .Sil/; Ldkr VUt/, Vluh TiTrtlury, 
ON THE l-'IKST & FIFTKENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Sini,'li' Copy, per Annum 8;j oo 

tiiiigle Ci>py, for Six Muullm i 50 

*a- // t.t rrjtfrtid u'hvre ni/rnlji /nnmrd names Ihey loUl he re.vponsible 
/or lite jiitjieiK l/iim unlercd; and uliin Viis/t l/ijf/ineiil.i are made l/iru 
iiill ide'Lie Juruurd tlu-iil Willi the UUcr Kuntiiiutny the nuines of t/ie 
.tuh.ii-rdtent. ^ 

mr Elder H'm. //. liJiearman, Logun, wilt act as General Aaent for 
Otrlie I utiey. ^ 

•*- (Iniiii hroupM to this CUil for Ihe .Ii:VKNII.E iNSTltl'CTOR willhe 
received ui cliv oj/u:v 0/ our /.oi^cr— JjitsKKET MEwa BeiLuiNos 



?2^3>- 




