m 



''<^<SLrvi^ 



:S: 




VOL. XVII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAliCH 15, 1882. 



NO. i;. 



GAZA 



MOST of our youthful readers have heard of Samson, the 
strongest of men, whose history forms so interesting a 
portion of the Book of Judges. 

Those who have read his history, know how much of his 
life was spent in the Philistine city of Gaza. The connection 
of this city with the errors and sufiFerings of this wonderful, 
though imprudent, man, gives it the only interest in the eyes 



of many. But Gaza has had a long and troubled history, 
being sometimes subject to one royal power and sometimes 
to another, and seeing many days of blood and misery when 
those changes took place. 

Gaza is best known to the reader of the Bible as the most 
southerly of the five royal cities of the Philistines. When 
God led Israel out of Egypt and gave them the land of 




«^9 



82 



J"X7"\rEl^ILE insrST'E^.TJOTOI?.. 



1 



Canaan, Gaza fell to the lot of the tribe of Judah. This 
tribe conquered it, but lost it again, and it afterwards bore its 
share in the troubles conserjuent to the wars between the 
Israelites and the Philistines. It subsequently fell into the 
hands of the Persians, from whom Alexander the Great, of 
Greece, wrenched it after an obstinate siege. Nearly all of 
its inhabitants then fell in its defense, and when it was 
captured, its chief defender, named Batis, was cruelly dragged 
around the walls at the wheels of a chariot. 

The Egyptians, Jews and Romans held the city of Gaza in 
turn. The latter ceded it to Herod the Great. 

In the time of Nero, it was captured by the revolted Jews. 
Constantine made it the seat of a Christian bishopric, did 
much towards restoring its former greatness and conferred 
upon it many privileges. These privileges were abolished by 
Julian, the apostate, but restored by later emperors, who 
held the now popular Christian fjith. 

The Arabs took it two years after the death of Mohammed. 
It was afterwards captured by the Crusaders, who in their 
turn were driven out by the Saracens. 

Gaza DOW forms a portion of the Turkish empire. So our 
readers will see it has had many rulers and a great variety of 
fortune. 

Our engraving represents the Gazi of to-day. Like too 
many of the ancient cities of early civilization that have 
fallen into the hands of the Moslem, it is but a wreck. 

It is not now fortified. Samson would find no difSculiy at 
its gates. It consists of mud cottages and some ruined stone 
buildings. It is built partly on a steep hill and partly on the 
plain below, and, being on the road to Egypt, is a place of 
some importance where caravans rest. 

About three miles distant to the west lies the ]\Iediterranean 
Sea, and it is supposed that the old city stood yet nearer to its 
placid waters. 

There is but little of interest to be seen in Gazi. The only 
building of note is a mosque, which was once a Christian 
church, said to have been founded by the empress Helena, 
the mother of Constantine. 

The troubles that fell upon Gazi and her sister cities were 
foreshadowed by several of the ancient prophets of Israel, 
who were inspired by the Lord to raise their voices against 
the evils and idolatries of the I'hilistines. We extract fiom 
the Bible some of these warnings: 

"Thus saith the Lord ; For three transgressions of Gaza, and 
for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; bijcauso 
they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver 
them up to E lom : but I will send a fire on the wall of i'lr/.a, 
which shall devour iho palaces thereof: and I will cut off' the 
inhabitant from Ashdod, and liim that holdeth the sceptre 
from Ashkelon, and I will turn my hand against Ekron: and 
the remnant of th3 Philistines shall peri.sh. saith the Lnrd 
God" (.Im'M, J., f.-S). 

"For Gazi shall be forsaken, and A^hkelon a desolation: 
(hey shall drive out Ashdod at the noonday, and Ekron shall 
be rooted up" [Zepli., ii, 4). 

"The king .shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not 
be inhabited" {Zirh , ix., .1). 

"The word of the Lord that cimo to Jeremiah the prophet 
against the I'hilistines, before that I'liiraoli smote tJa/.i. 
Thus saith the Lord ; Behold, waters ari.sc up out of the 
north, and shall be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow 
the land, and all that is therein; the city, ami them that dwell 
therein: then the men .shall cry, and all the inhabitants of 
the land shall howl. At the noise of the stamping of the 



hoofs of his strong horses, at the ru.shing of his chariots, and 
at the rumbling of his wheels, the fiitbers shall not look back 
to their children for feebleness of hands; because of the day 
that cometh to spoil all the Philistines, and to cut off from 
Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remaineth: for the Lord 
will spoil all the Philistines, the remnant of the country of 
Caphtor. Bildness is come upon Gaza; Ashkelon is cut off 
with the remnant of their valley: how long wilt thou cut 
thyself? O thou sword of the Lord, how long will it be ere 
thou be quiet? put up thyself into the scabbard, rest, and be 
still. How can it be quiet, seeing the Lord bath given it a 
charge against Ashkelon, and against the sea shore? there 
hath he appointed it" [JcreinidJi, .rlrii., 1-7). 

G. R. 



HISTORY OF THE CHUKCH. 



(Continued from page GT) 



IT was very evident that 0. P. Rockwell had saved the life 
of the sheriff, as there was no doubt that the blood-thirsty 
mobbers who followed him were determined to kill him. Had 
he refused to comply with the demand of the sheriff for pro- 
tection, he would, to say the least, have proved himself an 
arrant coward. It was soon afterwards ascertained at Nauvoo 
that the man whom Rockwell had thus shot and killed was 
named Franklin A. Worrell, one of the most bitter and impla- 
cable enemies to the Saints in the country. This same Worrell 
was officer of the guard at Carthage jiil when the Prophet and 
Patriarch, Joseph and Ilyrum were murdered, and afterwards 
a witness when the case of their murder was under examination. 
He was asked at that time, among other questions, whether 
the fire-arms of the guard under his charge at the jail were 
loaded with blank cartridges only, or bullets. He refused to 
answer the question, and assigned, as a reason, that he could 
not do so without criminating himself: thus proving by his 
own confes-iion that if not actually engaged in the murder he 
was indirectly a party to it. 

The suffering of the Saints during the persecutions and 
troubles through which they were now passing was extreme. 
i^Iany of those who had their homes destroyed and were thus 
rendered destitute of nearly all the comforts and many of the 
necessaries of life were sick, and unable to offer any resistance 
had they been disposed to. Neither were the morj strong and 
healthy generally in a condition to make a very able defense 
against the attacks of such a merciless mob. Many of them 
were unacquainted with the use of fire-arms, never having been 
brought into action before, and their firearms were few and 
of an inferior character. 

Sheriff Backenstos, after reaching Nauvoo, immediately 
issued his second proclamation to the citizens of Hancock and 
surrounding Counties, in which he recounted the nefarious and 
bloody acts of the mob throughout Hancock County, detailed 
his narrow escape from the infuriated men who had followed 
bill), commanded the inobliers and rioters to disper.s(^ and cease 
their violence, and ordered all able-bodiedimen throughout the 
County to arm themselves in the best possible manner and 
defend their lives and property. Asa po.stscrlpt to this pro- 
clamation, he added : 

"It is ]>roper to state that, the Mormon community have 
acted with more than ordinary forbearance — remaining perfectly 



Vg2^ 





O-TJ^EDNTIXjE ITsTSTI^TJGTOI^. 



83 




quiet, and oiFering no resistance, when their dwellings, other 
buildings, and stacks of grain, etc., were set on fire in their 
presence, and they have forborne until forbearance is no lon- 
ger a virtue. 

"The notorious Col. Levi Williams, who is at the head of 
the mob, has ordered out the militia of this brigade, comprising 
Hancock, M'Donough, and Schuyler Counties; but it is to be 
hoped that no good citizen will turn out and aid him or others 
in the overthrow of the laws of our country, and it is certain 
that no good citizen will cross the Mississippi river with a design 
to aid the rioters." 

The First Presidency also urged upon the people the neces- 
sity of being vigilant, that the mob might not come upon them 
unawares, and of moving their women and children and sub- 
stance into Nauvoo as quickly as possible, if unable to protect 
themselves. In Xauvoo a committee of five men were 
appointed to wait upon the mob, and petition for peace, pro- 
mising them if thuy would retire and cease their mobbings, 
lawless litigations and other persecutions, and allow the Saints 
the necessary time and peace to prepare to remove, that they 
would leave the State in the Spring. A proclamation was 
then issued, signed by the First Piesidency and a number of 
the leading Elders of the Church and adressed to Colonel Levi 
Williams, and the mobbing party of which he,was the supposed 
leader, announcing the names of the men appointed as a com- 
mitee from Nauvoo, and making known their proposition to 
leave the State, and asking for an an.swer to be returned in 
writing or by the committee who should wait on them. Two 
days after this was sent A. B. Chambers, editor of the Mis- 
souri Requhlican, arrived in Nauvoo, from Warsaw, and stated 
that his purpose was to save the destruction of property and 
individual sufi"ering that evidently must occur unless concilia- 
tory measures were adopted. He brought with him the names 
of Levi Williams and six others appointed as a commitee by 
the anti-Mormons of Warsaw and vicinity to negotiate for 
peace. It seemed that many who had read the proposition 
to compromise addressed to the mob were satisfied with the 
proposals therein made, while many others were equally embit- 
tered and opposed to its stipulations on account, as they 
claimed, of being addressed as a mob. They thought, to accede 
to this, would be to virtually acknowledge that they were among 
those who had been engaged in burning and destroying property. 

On the evening of the IGth, Sheriff Backenstos, feeling anx- 
ious for the .safety of his family and others at Carthage raised 
an armed force and proceeded to that place to rescue them 
from the power of those threatening. On this point we quote 
his own language : 

"On entering the town we were fired upon by some of the 
mobbers, who instantly fled. My heart sickens when I think 
of the awfully distressed state in which I found my family, in 
the hands of a gang of black-hearted villains, guilty of all the 
crimes known to our laws. ''' * * * The families 
which I designed to rescue had all fled, with the exception of 
Mrs. Demiug, the widowof the late freneral Deming, who was 
of the opinion that she might escape their vengeance, inasmuch 
as the recent death of her husband it was thought, would have 
appeased their wrath against that family. 

"After we had entered the town, persons were seen running 
about the streets with firebrands. Anticipating their intention 
of firing their own buildings, in order to charge the same upon 
the. jxissf rotiimilti I lis under uiy command, we immediately took 
steps to prevent this, by threatening to put to the .sword all 
those engaged in firing the place." 

( To he Continued. ) 



DANIEL 



BY R. C. 




( Continiied from page 09.) 

T^ANIEL addressed the king, saying: "0 thou king, the 
-'-^ most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar, thy father, a 
kingdom, and for the majesty He gave him, all peoples and 
nations, and languages trembled and feared before him : whom 
he would he slew; and whom he would he kept alive; and whom 
he would he set up; and whom he would ho put down. But 
when liis heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened to deal 
proudly, he was made to come down from his kingly throne ; 
and his heart was made like the beasts. * * * And 
thou, his son, 0, Belshazzar, hast not humbled thy heart, 
though thou knowest all this, but hast lifted thyself against 
the Lord of heaven, and they have brought the vessels of 
His house before thee, and thou and thy lords, thy wives, 
and thy concubines, have drank wine in them, and thou hast 
praised the gods of silver, and gold and brass, iron, wood 
and stone ; and the God in whose hand thy breath is, thou 
hast not glorified : therefore was the part of the hand sent 
from Him, and this writing was written : 'Mctie, mene, fckcl 
Vphaisin.' This is the interpretation: Mene; God hath 
numbered thy kingdom and finished it. Tekel; thou art 
weighed in the balances and found wanting. Feres; thy 
kingdom is divided and given to the Medes and Persians." 

Cyrus had previously caused a canal, which ran west of the 
city and carried off the water of the Euphrates into the lake 
of Nitrocris, to be cleared out in order to turn the river into 
it, which by this means was rendered so shallow that his 
soldiers were enabled to penetrate along its bed into the city. 
In that night was Belshazzar the king slain, and Darius the 
Median took the kingdom. 

Let us now turn to another act in the great drama of 
Daniel's life. We find that Darius was the son of Astyager, 
king of the Medes and brother of Mandane, mother of 
Cyrus. He destroyed Belshazzar, and occupied the throne 
till his death, two years after, when it reverted to the 
illustrious Cyrus, who was reared in his court. 

Darius could not be otherwise than impressed with the 
extraordinary character and fitnei-s of Daniel as his prime 
minister. He made him chief of three presidents and 
placed him over all the princes and principalities under the 
Medo-Persian rule. The king "thought, also, to set him 
over the whole realm; hence a conspiracy on the part of these 
presidents and princes to displace and destroy Daniel. They 
could, however, sustain no charges against him in his adminis- 
tration of the affairs of the government ; they were obliged to 
admit that "they could not find any occasion agains Daniel, 
except they found it against him concerning the law of his 
God. 

They found it necessary, in order to displace Daniel, that 
they should enlist the authority of the king; nor could they 
see, in their murderous plotting, a more reasonable and 
practical way for it, than for the king to sign and issue a decree, 
that whosoever should ask a petition or offer a prayer to any 
God or man for thirty days, except to the king alone, should 
be cast into the den of lions. This flattering proposition was 
laid before Darius. Sacred history tells us they induced the 
king to establi.'-h the decree and sign the writing that it might 
not be changed, for the laws of the Medes and Persians, 
when passed, were not allowed to be altered. 



..^ 




34= 



j-XJ^V^Ein^ILE! in^rSTI^TJOTOI^. 




Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he 
went into his house, "and the windows being open in his 
chamber towards Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three 
times a day, and prayed and gave thanks before his God, as 
he did aforetime." 

Then these men assembled and found Daniel praying and 
making supplication before his God, and informed the king of 
it, and asked: "Hast thou not signed a decree, that every 
man that shall ask a petition of any god, or man, within 
thirty days, save of thee, King, shall be cast into the den 
of lions?" 

Great was the king's sorrow, when he found that he had 
unwittingly put his signature to the death warrant of the 
truest man and most valuable officer of the state. He was 
sore displeased with himself and set his heart to deliver 
Daniel. Under the Medo-Persian laws Daniel could not be 
delivered, and the poor king gave the command, and they 
brought Daniel and cast him into the den of lions ; and, to 
make all sure, "a stone was brought and laid upon the mouth 
of the den ; and the king sealed it with his own signet and 
with the signet of bis lords, that the purpose might not be 
changed concerning Daniel." 

This was supposed to be the end of the noble president ; 
but not a lion in the den moved to the venerable prophet. 
The king spake and said unto Daniel: "Thy God whom thou 
servest, continually. He will deliver thee." The king arose 
very early in the morning and went in haste to the den of 
lions, and cried unto Daniel and said : "0 Daniel, servant of 
the living God ; is thy God whom thou servest continually, 
able to deliver thee from the lions?" 

Daniel answered : "My God hath sent His angel and hath 
shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me." 

"Then was the king exceeding glad for him and commanded 
that they should take Daniel out of the den. So Daniel was 
taken up out of the den. and no manner of hurt was found 
upon him, because he believed in his God. And the king 
commanded, and they brought those men which had accused 
Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their 
children and their wives; and the lions had the mastery over 
them, and broke all their bones in pieces, or ever they came 
at the bottom of the den." 

Then the king wrote unto all people that dwelt in all the 
earth, saying ; "I will make a decree. That in every dominion 
of my kingdom, men tremble and fear before the God of 
Daniel, for He is the living God, and His kingdom that which 
shall not be destroyed." 

So Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius and in the riegn 
of Cyrus the Persian. 

We learn from this narrative how a good saint may suffer, 
and how the wicked may prosper for a time; but God, 
maketh the wrath of man to praise Him and the remainder 
of wrath He will restrain. Another thing we learn is, the 
astounding effect a really good man's life has upon kings and 
nations; that by this one act of Daniel's fidelity to his God 
the whole world was brought from the worship and service of 
dumb idols and images to pray to, and serve the living and 
the true God. 

Let us, therefore, my young friends, like Daniel in his 
youth, attend to our prayers, and gather with our fathers and 
mothers around the family altar; so shall we be the friends of 
God and all good Saints. I am encouraged to believe that 
God will raise from among our children many Daniels, 
who by their devotion to His cause, will realize the 



delivering hand of God, by His heavenly angels and by the 
outpouring of His Holy Spirit. 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



{ Continued from page 60). 
/^N the third floor, are apartments in which objects from 
^-^ America, China and other parts of the world are exhibi- 
ted, which, together, also form an interesting collection. 

Another large and beautiful building which is worthy of 
note, is the Trocadero, where the great exhibition of 1878 
was held. This immense structure was commenced and 
finished within the short period of ten months : a force of 
hands being employed which is without precedent in the 
annals of architecture. The position chosen for the exhi- 
bition was indeed fine, and from the front part of the edifice, 
which stands on a slight eminence, a beautiful view can be 
had of a part of Paris. The exhibition grounds were nicely 
laid off and are now kept in good condition, although the 
building seems to be of no practical use at present. 

The most remarkable of ecclesiastical monuments of Paris, 
is the church of Notre Dame, which is built on the Isle of 
La Cite, and it is even asserted that the River Seine flows 
under the same. It. was commenced in the year 116o and 
competed in 1230, after which it remained unchanged for 
nearly five centuries. It then underwent many changes, both 
"internally and externally, until the year 1S64, when it was 
arranged in its present form. In the late revolution it nearly 
became a prey to the flames. The Communists had gained 
possession of the same, and a fire had already been kindled, 
when the Versailles army arrived and saved the structure. 

Within the walls of this church many kings and queens, 
and also other noted individuals, have been married ; Napo- 
leon I. and III. were crowned, the late Prince Imperial was 
sprinkled, and many other events of historical note have occur- 
red here The principal objects contained in the treasure 
room are what is said to be the genuine crown of thorns 
worn by the Savior, a piece of His cross and one of the nails 
of crucifixion. Many relics of ancient popes and saints are 
also preserved in sacred reverence. 

It is said that this church will contain twenty-one thousand 
persons, but, according to my judgment, if so many indi- 
viduals get within the building at one time, they will have to 
be piled one on top of another. 

There are many more places of interest in this large city 
which are worthy of note, but at the present time I will not 
give a description of theyi, but will proceed to write a little 
concerning my visit to Versailles, which place lies about forty 
minutes ride on the cars distant from Paris. 

Versailles has a very nice location and is, in fact, one of 
the principal pleasure resorts for the people of the French 
metropolis. The inhabitants, numbering about sixty-five 
thousand, are engaged in various occupations. Although 
Versailles, in and of itself, is well worthy of a visit, still that 
which attracts visitors mostly is the palace, which is said to 
be the finest in the world, with its surrounding gardens. 
This kingly residence was elevated to its present grandeur by 
Louis XIV., who gave enormous amounts for the embellish- 



m 




^ 



J"TJ^EISriI_.El IlSrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



85 





ment of this one structure. It has been used as a home for a 
number of kings, and even Napoleon III. held a number of 
grand entertainments therein. In 1870, it became the head- 
quarters of the Germans, and was therefore the center of 
operations in the siege of Paris, but upon the latter citj' 
being seized by the Communists, it became the seat of the 
French government. A large equestrian statue of Louis 
XIV. stands in the yard ; this was made out of cannon 
brought from the Rhine River, where a number of victories 
had been gained by this nation. In front of this statue. 
Williaai of Prussia was proclaimed emperor of Germany, 
amidst his victorious generals and troops, on the 18tb of 
January, 1ST I. 

This renowned palace, whose external beauty is surpassed 
by its internal grandeur, contains some five thousand paintings 
repre-enting scenes in the history of France, as also a great 
many fine specimens of sculpture. Some of the paintings 
here disjilayed are from twenty-five to thirty feet long, and ten 
or twelve feet high, and are as true to nature as the painter's 
brush can make them. A person in viewing some of the 
thrilling battle scenes becomes so enwrapt in the view that he 
almost thinks he is looking upon the natural scene, instead 
of that which the talents of man have portrayed. The many 
rooms contained in this edifice, some of which are large 
enough for balls and receptions, are beautifully frescoed and 
magnificently ornamented in every particular. 

The gardens surrounding this palace are indeed fine, and 
surpass, in fact, everything of the kind I have yet seen. 
Beautiful shrubs and plants of various kinds fill the numerous 
grass plats, while here and there a nice statue or fountain 
relieves the monotony of the scene. The many fountains of 
these gardens play meiely for one hour in every month in 
summer, but at these times thousands of people assemble to 
witness the grand sight. It is said that this one hour's 
pleasure alone costs the city the neat little sum of ten thousand 
franks, or in American money about two thousand dollars. 
Costly sight ! 

Versailles suffered considerable loss during the late war 
with German}^ as a great many troops were stationed in and 
around the city, and they were not particularly careful about 
preserving the property of their opposers. It is also asserted 
by the French (allowance must therefore be made for the 
statement) that the victorious army even went so far as to rob 
the homes of the vanquished of the furniture which they 
contained. 

Returning to Paris from this city, I procured my valise, 
and, in the company of one Utah Elder, the other having 
returned to his field of labor in England, started on my 
journey to Switzerland, going by way of Lyons and Geneva, 
.stopping, however, merely an hour or so in each of these 
places. It really seemed a relief to leave the "city of fash- 
ions," which the French proudly call "the queen city of the 
civilized world," and I fancied that I could breathe more 
freely on arriving within the boundaries of the Swi.ss repub 
lie. 

On arriving once more in my old field of labor at Bern, I 
was sorry to hear of some things which had transpired dur- 
ing my absence. ( )ne of these occurrences, was the great 
land slide of the 11th of September, IS.si, iu Canton Glarus, 
in which the village EIuj, with about one thousand iiihahi- 
t^mls, was almost totally d(;stroyC(l, and nearly two hundred 
persons were, without a moment's warning, hurled into eternity. 
This (juiet little place was almost entirely surrounded by 
mountains, so that at certain seasons of the year the sun did 



not shine in the valley for weeks. The poor people feeling 
secure while surrounded by nature's bulwarks, little dreamed 
of the awful casastrophe awaiting them. Lumps of dirt had 
become loosened from the overhanging mountain and had 
rolled into the valley below, but still no fears as to the safety 
of the place were entertained. The man was attending to 
his out-door labor, the woman was engaged in her duties, and 
the children were engaged in their usual sport, when suddenly 
a deep sound, as of distant thunder, was heard. A rush, a 
crush, and all was over! The falling mountain has done its 
work, and where a few moments previously the Swiss cottage 
with its happy inmates could be seen, there is nothing now 
visible but a heap of stones, dirt and broken trees. The 
work of years is destroyed in an instant ! 

In reflecting on this terrible disaster, my thoughts are 
directed to the words of our Savior, and the holy prophets 
who have spoken concerning the terrible events of the latter 
times, and I must say that these calamities give an undeni- 
able testimony to the fact that the winding up scene is fast 
approaching. 

Another "sign of the times," referred to by the Redeemer, 
is that false prophets and teachers should appear. The 
Saints of Bern also had the opportunity of beholding the 
truth of this prophecy, since I wa.s with them the last time. 
It happened in this way : All the Elders from Zion happened 
to be out in different parts of the mission at the same time. 
During their ab,sence. a Josephite preacher came among the 
Saints, and, on as.serting that he was a "Mormon" missionary, 
he received food and lodging. He soon showed his true 
colors, however, and then commenced to preach against some 
of the principles of the gospel. A few of the members, 
whose testimony of the truth was not of the strongest kind, 
began to weaken and to doubt, but upon the return of the 
Elders to Bern, the faLsity and treacherousness of this false 
prophet were exposed to view, and he was then left to him- 
self to seek a better field of labor. This man joined the 
Church upwards of twenty years ago in Switzerland, and was 
for some time an earnest advocate of its principles. After 
a time, a good brother of this country advanced the necessary 
amount for his emigration to Utah, which amount has, by 
the way, never been repaid. 

(To he Continued.) 



THE TONGUE-SPEAK KINDLY. 



BY W. J. 



OTATISTICS inform us that there are over thirteen hun- 
>--' dred millions of human beings on this earth. A great 
deal of talking and writing are done every day by this vast, 
various, struggling, and contending family of our common i)ro- 
genitor, Adam; and every sentence uttered and beard, or writ- 
ten and read, or written, printed, and read, tends to produce 
good or ill feelings, or peace or war, in this great family. If 
every one spoke and wrote, and i>rinted, and labored, to estab- 
lish "peai^e on earth, good will towards men," what a glorious 
millennial reign would soon exist on this now siu-curscd earth ! 
Solomon says: "A word fitly spoken is like ajijilcs of gold 
in pictures of silver," {J'mv. .r/xr., II.) 



"Words are things of little cost. 
Quickly spiikon, quickly lost; 



^ 



86 



>jxj""VE!isriji,E i:n-sti?.tjctoi?.. 




AVc forget them, but they stand, 
Witnesses at God's right hand; 
And their testimony bear — 
For us, or against us, there." 

The wise man also says: "He that uttereth a slander is a 
fool;" but, "the tongue of the just is as choice silver;" and 
"the lips of the righteous feed many" [Frov. x). Also, "a 
soft answer turneth away wrath" [Prov. xv., l);but "death 
and life are in the power of the tongue" {Prov. .rem., lil). 

The apostle James says: "The tongue is a little member, 
and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a 
little fire kiudleth? And the tongue is a fire, a world of ini- 
((uitv: so is the tongtie among our members, that it defileth 
the whole body, and setteth on fire the cour.se of nature; and 
it is set on fire of hell. For every kind of beasts, and of birds, 
and of serpents, and of things in the .sea, is tamed, and hath 
been tamed of mankind; but the tongue can no man tame; it 
is an unruly evil, fullof deadly itoisou. Therewith bless welfod, 
even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are mad 
after the similitude of God. Out of the same mouth pro- 
ceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things 
ought not s 1 to be' ' [Jantes iii. ) 

A Jewish rabbi once sent his servant to a meat market for 
the best joint he could find, and he )iurchased his master a 
tongue. The rabbi thought this peculiar, and shortly after 
sent him to the same place for the worst joint he could find, 
and he brought him home a tongue. 

We use the tongue to speak kind words, which till the heart 
with love and jieace and joy indescribable; and we use it to 
uticr bitter sarcasms, stinging insinuations, and low-bred slan- 
ders, which produce i'eelings of hatred, malice, and murder, 
in the minds and hearts of our fellow-beings; and we belch 
forth blasphemous, heaven-defying e.Kclamations against the 
Almighty Himself; thus incurring His displeasure, and sub- 
jecting ourselves to his vengeance and judgments in this life; 
and, being unrei)entant, in the life to come, to eternal banish- 
ment from His presence and glory. How necessary, there- 
fore, that the tongue should be "bridled?" How necessary 
that it should be "tamed" by the Sjiirit and power of <!od; 
for mere man, una.-isistcd by that Spirit, cannot do it. What 
a powerful agent fur good, when used in kindness, when 
inspired by the Holy (rhost, and continually used to subdue 
evil, and give peace to earth? And this is its legitimate 
work. It was given us to be used for our e.xaltation and the 
glory of the Father; and if we allow the adversary to use it 
for any other jiurpose, and will not repent, it will be liumb 
with condemnation in the day when we have to give an 
account of the deeds done in the body. 

The following, by Landbridgc, as touching this subject, is 
Worthy a place here: 

"Ah me! these terrible tongues of our.s! 
Are we hulf aware of their mighty jiowcr.s? 
Do we ever trouble our heads at all, 
Where the jest may strike or the hint may fall ' 
• The latest chirp of the little bird, 
That spicy story you must have heard — 
Wo jerk them aw»y in our gossip rash, 
And 9oniebody'.'< glass goes all to smash. 
What fames have been blasted and broken. 

What pestilent sinks have been stirred, 
Hy a word in lightness spoken, 
By only an idle word! 

A sneer — a >hrug -a whisper low — 
They are poi.soned shafts from an ambu.-hed bow; 



Shot by the coward, the fool, the knave, 

They pierce the mail of the great and brave; 

Vain is the buckler of wisdom or pride. 

To turn the pitiless point aside; 

The lips inaj' curl with a careless smile, 

But the heart drips blood— drips blood the while. 

Ah me! what hearts have been broken. 

What rivers ot blocd have been stirred. 
By a word in malice spoken, 

By only a little word! 

.V kindly word and a tender tone — 

To only God is their virtue known! 

They can lift from the dust the abject head. 

They can turn a foe to a friend instead; 

The heart close-barred with passion and pride. 

Will fling at their knock its portal wide, 

And the hate that bliglits and the scorn that sears. 

Will melt in the fountain of childlike tears. 

What ice-bound griefs have been broken. 

What rivers of blood have been stirred, 
By a word in kindness spoken — 

By only a gentle word !" 



EARNINQ A LIVING 
IN LONDON. 



BY .J.MvOSEE. 



TT is a very fortunate circumstance connected with the resi- 
•^ dence of the Latter-day Saints in the valleys of the Rocky 
Mountains, that the various miserable methods of obtaining a 
livelihood prevailing in the world are unknown among us. Our 
children, therefore, cannot know very much about the distress 
and suffering that their brothers and sisters of the human family 
undergo in other parts of the earth. They read in the news- 
papers, perhaps, of the destitution existing among the poor, 
caused by the scarcity of food in London, or the bitter cold 
weather in New York. They may see from time to time that 
by the closing of factories in certain parts, thousands are 
thrown out of employment, and that calls for aid from the 
public spirited, are being continually made through the press, 
and from the platform and pulpit. Hut such items as these 
are so frequent that they lose the charm of novelty, and are 
forgotten almost as soon as read. Only those who have 
endured or fully seen these sufferings can thoroughly under- 
stand the situation of millions in the large cities of both 
hemispheres. Work is impossible to get, and begging, in 
some places, as London, for example, is forbidden by law. So 
all sorts of plans are devised for the procuring of a few pennies 
needed to keep starvation from the door. 

In London, one cannot go a hundred yards in the busy streets 
without meeting little half fed, ragged, barefooted boys and 
girls, offering matches for .sale at one cent a box. T'oor blind 
men and women are stationed along the curb stones with two 
or three boxes of matches in one hand (not for sale, but to avoid 
the accusation of begging), and the othcrextended with the 
hope of obtaining a copper or two which they would be im- 
prisoned for asking for. 

The red-coated liootblacks, not allowed to run about solicit, 
ing the pleasure of blacking your boots, are compelled to 
take a designated place and keep it (for which privilege they 
have to pay the city a license fee), but from that place they 
almost implore passer.s by to furnish them ajob. Human beings 
of all ages, from the child of four >ears to the patriarch of 
seventy, are engaged in the business. 



1^ 



^ 




-^"^(5! 



CTTJ^miSriLE I2SrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



87 




The lively class of news boys do quite a thriving trade, and 
advertise their periodicals by huge placards containing the 
heading of their principal items of news, which placards they 
stretch out on the pavement, weighting them down with peb- 
bles to keep the wind from blowing them away. 

One of the most amusing industries is the oat's meat trade. 
It is followed by hundreds in London alone. Whenever a horse 
gets too old for service, or becomes crippled, so as to be unfit 
for further use as a horse, he is sold to these "provision mer- 
chants," who slaughter him, and boil him up. The fat, I 
suppose, goes to the soap-maker, but the lean is handed over 
to the various men, women and children, wlio have the cats 
of a certain portion of the city to supply with daily food. 
The.se people trudge along the sidewalk with the basket on 
their arm, crying out with a peculiar nasal twang, "meal — 
cat's meat!" and they are generally followed by two or more 
purring pussies. One cent's worth is the usual quantity pui- 
chased, and that lasts a cat twenty-four hours. The dealers 
cut it into thin slices, about half a dozen of which they put 
on a wooden skewer, and that forms the daily ration, unless 
it should happen to be the cat's birthday, when an extra cent is 
squandered to give her a feast. This and the drinking saloons 
are the only forms of business that continue Sundays as well as 
week-days. They did try to stop the former trade once, but 
all the cat's in the corporation rebelled. No one ever dares 
to mention the propriety of letting the saloon keepers rest 
one day out of the seven. 

A rarer pursuit, because a more delicate one, is that of the 
man who gains a precarious living by drawing colored crayon 
pictures on the pavement. He is generally long-haired, and 
very seedy in appearance, but he uses the chalk skillfully and 
produces some really beautiful views. They are about two by 
three feet in size, and about six in number, covering a strip of 
pavement a little over a rod long, close up to the wall or fence. 
The first may be a battle scene, sketched faithfully, yet rapidly, 
for he works while you watch him, rubbing outone view when 
it becomes dim and drawing a fresh one in its place. Then 
there may be a marine view, with a ship in full sail, the 
rolling waves being depicted with splendid effect. Another 
may be a lovely landscape, with the various features of forest, 
cloud, cottage and animals brought out with wonderful clear- 
ness. One of the best of these pictures I have seen 
was that of a ship on fire at midnight, with the captain, the 
last to leave the vessel, just in the act of jumping into the 
sea, to be picked up by one of the boats, which was riding 
gently on the waves near by. The faces of the men, the sur- 
face of the water, and the smoky, lurid sky with sparks flying 
oflF in clouds, were all carefully portrayed, with the reflection 
from the blazing wreck. The concluding picture of the group 
is usually a robin, in his mouth a long streamer bearing these 
words: "Pity the poor artist;" "do not let talent go unre- 
warded," etc. When night comes on the "poor artist" lights 
a few stumps of candles, which throw a flickering sickly light 
over the sketches; while there he sits and works, waiting to 
the last for the loitering coins which come in .slowly. And 
when it gets late eiKJUgh to go home, he quietly takes uj) his 
little satchel of crayons, and with the pittance of money his 
talent has earned, disappears in the darkness, leaving his 
work to be trampled over and totally obliterated before he does 
it again next morning. 

Then there is the army of coslcrmougcrs, who, with a 
donkey little larger than a sheej), and a small two- wheeled bar- 
row, cry about the streets with all sorts of vegetables, or carry 
light loads from place to place. It is surprising how they get 



a living at all, for even if they make a hundred per cent, on 
their stock, it is so small a quantity that one would think that 
it could scarcely keep the donkey in food. In London, how- 
ever, people can live on a very little, especially when they 
only have a little to live on. 

The organ grinders, whose name is legion, may be met with 
on every street. They are sometimes children or cripples, 
but too often finely built, able-bodied men. There are certain 
dealers in the city vvho own the organs, and hire them out at 
a fixed price, and all beyond this amount, that the grinder 
collects during the day he is entitled to keep for himself. It 
is said the "musicians," do a very good business, some hav- 
ing been so prosperous as to become the actual possessors of 
their instruments. 

There are very many other methods of earning or obtaining 
a living in the world, which would be strange to the children 
of LTtah, if they could see them, and which might be interest- 
ing if described to them. But perhaps I have mentioned 
enough at this time. My object is to show them how blessed 
they are in having plenty to eat and wear, with kind parents 
who supply everything that is needful for their comfort ; also 
to cause, if possible, a greater appreciation of the mercies of 
God unto them in thus blessing them, and giving their 
parents a free land, where abundance is the rule and poverty 
almost unknown. 



THE^. Hll.r. OF rJFE. 



BY J. CRYSTAL. 



In climbing the hill of life, my frien(J, 

Your courage well maintain, 
And let not a slij) or stumble send 

You down the slope again; 
Hot struggle upward, onward still, 

With the love of right in view, 
And prove to all that you have the will 

And the heart to dure and do. 

The hill of life, which all must tread, 

Is slippery, rugged, steep; 
But which is better, the heights to dread. 

Or duty's paths to keep- 
It would better be to fall and rise 

And limp with an aching sore, 
Than backward slide, with downcast eyes. 

From the bliss which is in store. 

Away beyond this hill of life, 

On a broad and happy shore. 
Redeemed from sorrow, sin and strife, 

Are those who have climbed before; 
And thpy watch your progress day by day. 

And bi'ckon you to come. 
In liivo and truth, by the narrow way, 

To lh(! soul's eternal home. 

TbiMi struggle on to the goal in view, 

\Vitli footsteps firm and sure; ; 
Thiiugh the path bo steep and rough to you, 

I5e steadfast and endure; 
And, as you look behind and see 

The trials you have passed, 
You will feel eontcmt, and blest, to bo 

O'er the hill of life at last. 



K'^.. 



SS 



'J 



^^ 



88 



u TJ^E]3SriI-.E in^sTSTI^UOTOI?/. 



2i 



GEORGE CI. CAMNON, 


■- 


EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


MARCH 15, 


1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUOHTS. 




ll IVC 



OT for many years has there been such a 
spirit of hatred against the Latter-day 
Saints as we now witness. The whole 
country is stirred up against Utah, and 
steps are being taken to destroy the work 
of God. How wonderfully are men ful- 
filling the words of the servant of God in 
the oeginning of the Church. It was pre- 
dicted that this work should roll forth 
until it filled the whole earth. The Saints 
were told that they would be hated and perse- 
cuted by a township, then by Counties, then by 
States, then by the United States, and that 
finally all the nations of the earth would array 
1^ themselves against the Zion of God. These pre- 
- y,^- dictions have been literally fulfilled thus far. The 
^ri^^ Congress of the United States is determined to 
5^'^ enact laws that will de-itroy our organ'zation ; that 
is, th°y think they will destroy it; but all who 
this idea will be disappointed, for God has spoken con- 
cerning this work. There are a people in Utah Territory who 
have laid plans by which they hoped they would get possession 
of our homes. They have not seen how they could do this 
like the mobs in Mis-ouri and Illinois, but they have laid 
their plan.s to reach the same ends in another way. They 
have told all manner of falsehoods about us, and have arranged 
that all the religious sects in the United States ate stirred up 
to .send petitions to Congress, asking for legislation against us. 
This legislation is designed to take the control of the Terri- 
tory out of tl;e hands of the Latter-day Saints and give it 
into the hands of those who arc ojiposed to them. 

The Edmunds Bill, which has just passed both houses of 
Congress, is designed for this purpo.se. It could not have 
passed the House had respect been paid to the rules of the 
House. A point of order was made against it, which would 
have been respected had it been against any other hill, but it 
was overruled. Notwithstanding the rules of the House ; 
notwithstandinc the Constitution, which is clearly violated by 
this law; mtwithsan ling the laws and the precedents, our 
enemies were determined to reach the end they had in view, 
and to put a law on the statute book that would have the 
effect aimed at by those who hate U". 

The only difference between the enactment of this measure 
and the plans and resolutions of mobs in days past is that this 
has the .semblance of law ; our enemies have succeeded 
in clothing their deigns in its forms; whereas, the mobs in 
former times carried out their plans f)y the u.se of the rifle 
and of cannon, by violence, regardless of all the rights which 
men and women have under the (constitution. The Consti- 
tution furnishes to all men certain guarantees of liberty which 
become safeguards, and which, if the government were 
properly constituted, would protect them against injury; but 
when these are trampled down and utterly disregarded, then 



the people who are affected are as much at the mercy of those 
who seek their destruction as they would be at the mercy of a 
mob ; it becomes the law of might. 

This is a good time to test the faith of Latter-day Saints. 
Looking at the spirit that now prevails, it would seem that 
we are on the eave of severe persecution. There is that 
feeling abroad in the nation that demands that we shall be 
stricken down. But we have been prophesying that this 
would be the case from the beginning, and now that we see 
its fulfillment we should not be alarmed thereat. The Lord's 
arm is not shortened; His power is not lessened; He is still as 
able to save His people from the grasp of their enemies as 
He ever was ; and He will test the faith of every man and 
woman in His Church. It will seem sometimes as though 
destruction is inevitable, and that we are sure to fall victims 
of our enemies. This is necessary to test our faith ; but the 
Lord is just as near to us in the midst of trials, difiiculties 
and dangers as in the days of prosperity and peace. Not one 
hair of our heads can fall to the ground without His notice. 
He is watching over His Saints, He will deliver them, and 
there is no power that can retard His work or overthrow His 
designs concerning it. 



IN the present uproar which is being raised throughout the 
nation about the "Mormons," of course the preachers 
take the most prominent part. The stories they concoct and 
retail to their hearers about the "Mormons" are generally the 
most unreasonable, and the jilaiis they suggest for their suj)- 
pression are freiiuently among the most diabolical. Here is 
a part of the speech of one voracious!?) preacher, delivered 
before an audience in the east: 

"Last summer, when all Christendom was i)raying for the 
recovery of the beloved President, all Mormondom was jiray- 
iug for his death, and (xuiteau is now lauded to the skies by 
these people. Ever since the 27th of September, Mormon 
bishops have been flaunting their prayer test in the face of 
the Gentiles. They are now securing arms and powder, and 
drilling militia in the back iiarts of Utah, and jn-cparing for a 
rebellion, which is inevitable. The only means of avoiding 
this is to educate the children. This work can be done by 
Christian women teachers. There are to-day three thousand 
Mormon children in the day schools of Utah, taught by mis- 
sionaries, who are exerting untold influence, not only among 
children, but also among Jlormon women; and five hundred 
more teachers are needed. In ten or fifteen years these 
children will be voters and citizens of Utah, and the seed now 
sown will solve the Mormon ([uestion without the aid of arms 
or law." 

This iireacher claims to have had extensive experience as a 
missionary in Utah, and speaks from it. We leave our 
readers to judge lor themselves of his truthfulness It is 
said that when he is in Utah he professes great friendship 
for the people, and is not so outspoken in regard to his real 
mi.ssion and design as he is when abroad. He is one of 
tho.se who come to us with honeyed words and "in sheep's 
clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. " We hope 
our readers will beware of such persons, and take care that 
they may never be numbered among the "Mormon cliililren 
taught by missionaries who arc exerting untold influence, not 
only among chililren, but among Mormon women." 



'I'llK way of <luty is the way of safety. 



^2Ll 





a-TJ'\^En^iXjEi insrsTi^^xjOTOi^. 



S9 




THE RESECLTE FROM FIRE. 



BV G 



"W?*. 



THERE is nothing .startles and excites a community so 
quickly as the fire alarm. The deep, rapid and loud 
alarm of his fire bells sends a thrill to every heart. All are 
up and away 
to the scene 1 
of conflagra- 
tion. The noise 
of rushingfire- 
men, with the 
jingle and rat- 
tle and rumble 
ol "reel'' and 
"truck" and 
engine are 
mingled with 
the shouts and 
clatter of the 
feet of the 
running and 
excited popu- 
lace. 

Of course, 
the majority 
who go to fires 
cannot and 
do not do any 
good there. 
To the fire- 
men, with 
their cool 
practiced, and 
well-drilled 
ways, we leave 
the work of 
slaying and 
subduing the 
destructive 
element; and 
thank f u 1 
should we all 
feel towards 
these brave 
men, who at a 
moment's call 
ru>h to the 
scene of dan- 
ger, and at 
risk of life or 
limb, work for 
the preser- 
vation of our 
property and 
po.^^ibly for 

the rescue of our lives. For though not frequent, yet it 
sometimes happens that scenes similar to the one here pictured 
actually occur; in fact, in many of the large cities, especially 
in Europe, the firemen are more thoroughly drilled and 
effective in saving life than in saving property. 

Our readers can hardly realize how appalling and fearful it 
is, unless they have witnessed it, to see a human being away 
up in a forth story window of a burning building, all communi- 




cation through the house being cut off, the flames hissing and 
roaring and consuming with fearful rapidity the very floor 
upon which she or he may be standing. To stay is certain 
death by burning ; to leap is equally certain death from being 
crushed by the fall. Who can describe, who can picture the 
horror of the beholder, much less the agonized feelings of 
the poor unfortuate, with death around, above and below! 

Our pictui^ 
represents 
some such a 
scene, with, 
fortunately, a 
happy termi- 
nation. A 
brave man has 
by some means 
made his way 
to the upper 
story of a 
buining build- 
ing, for a noble 
purpose, and 
in which he 
has been suc- 
cessful, to res- 
cue a little 
child from a 
horrible death. 
We can im- 
aging the loud 
hurrahs and 
feelings of the 
spectators, 
though they 
are not seen 
in the picture. 
We see, how- 
ever, the out- 
stretched 
hands of an 
anxious and 
happy parent, 
reaching to 
receive the lit- 
tle girl from 
the brave 
rescuer's arm. 
1 hope the 
little folks who 
read the In- 
structor may 
never have the 
misfortune to 
be so situated 
as to require 
• assistance un- 
der such cir- 
cumstances, or ever be menaced by so terrible a death. 

Out readers, young and old, would perhaps be astonished 
to hear that eighty million dollars worth of property was 
burnt and destroyed by tire during the year 1881, in the city 
of London. One hundred and fifty-four people were also 
rescued from fire, and forty lost their lives. 

Too many fires originate from carelessness, and in the city 
of Salt Lake, no less than seventeen fires, during the last ! 






m 



•^ 






-"'i<sr<"^ 



90 



CTTJ'V^EllNrill-iEi i:tTSTI?.TJOTOI?.. 



years, have been caused by boys playing with matches. 
These fires caused a total loss of nine thousand four hundred 
dollars worth of property. Only think of it boys ! enough to 
have schooled everj' one of the careless boys who caused the 
destruction ! 

Boys cannot be loo careful of fire. They should avoid 
carrying around matches. There is nothing more destructive 
than a match with a bad boy at the end of it. Girls, too, are 
sometimes careless when working around tlie stove, and their 
clothing becomes ignited. Cases of this kind have happened 
in Utah ; in fact, useful and beneficial as fire is to us as a 
servant, we must be very careful of it, for as a master it is 
fearfully and awfully destructive. 



YES, OR X O 



BY ,1. C. 



!ig^_ 



A GREAT many persons suffer both their temporal and 
spiritual interests to be sacrificed, simply because they 
lack the moral fortitude to unequivocally answer in the nega- 
tive or afiirmative as occasion may require. 

Now, this is a weakness that ought to be conquered, as it is 
apt to entail upon us remorse and suffering, of a very painful 
and protracted character. 

When a person is asked a iiuestion of importance, the first 
thine necessary is to carefully consider the nature of the propo- 
.sition. and see whether it will be just to himself and to all 
involved to answer "Yes" or "No." 

By using one or the other of these little words, we either 
deny or approve something, and obligate ourselves to take a 
course compatible with the enunciation rendered, and there is 
nothing that will paralyze one's influence more than to say 
"Yes," when he has no intention whatever of sustaining the 
promise expressed. 

Such a person cannot be relied upon, and soon loses the 
confidence and respect of all, with whom he may come in contact, 
and, moreover, is curtailing his own honor and dignity, which, 
when honestly \ indicated and cherished, make him an orna- 
ment and blessing, but which, when tarnished, make him the 
object of scorn, and the victim of much that is evil. 

If merely from a desire to be courteous, and to please some- 
liijjy, we .say "Yes," when justly we ought to say "No," we 
are deceiving ourselves badly, for, although, the evasion 
may seem to please for the moment, the same party we seem 
to have pleased, will, sooner or later, discover our falsity, and, 
instead of gaining the gratification desired, we shall only be 
rewarded with ridicule and contempt. 

It is always wise to let due reflection precede action. Action 
lir.it, thought after, is too haphazard and risky. It i.s infi- 
nitely better to say "No," and oflFend a multitude, than to say 
"Y'es ' and be at war with one's self. 

Truth, amid all the intricacies of life, will triumph. Error is 
treacherous, insecure and dangerous. It is vastly .safer and 
better tn circulate the genuine coin, with the proper weight 
and ring to it, than to risk the base counterfeit, which is .soon 
discovered and cast aside as a thing of infamy and worthlcss- 
ness. 

To the mental and moral weakness of man, which compels 
him to yield his will to 8ome other will, struncer but less pure 
than his own. can clearly be traced many of the revolting 
crimes that blackeo the history of our age. By yielding to 



the false advices and evil practices of depraved companions, 
many a bright hope has been obscured, and many a pure 
heart and mind have been alienated from the pure, sound, 
examples and admonitions of early youth, until, eventually, 
actual life has become as dark and horrid as some appalling 
midnight dream. 

A person whose moral courage is so weak that he dare not 
face the contingences of life with a candid, congruous "Yes" 
or "No," fearless of calumny, is like the ship in a howling 
tempest, shorn of rudder and anchor: hopelessly wafted hither 
and thither by wind and wave, to be wrecked at last on some 
treacherous reef that underlies the surrounding commotion. 

A sad picture this, of erring humanity, but alas! in too 
many cases, how true! 

If we would avert such calamities, we must let the fate of 
others, and their dearly-bought experience be to us as way- 
marks or danger signals. 

As the checker-board is somewhat symbolic of life, let us 
briefly illustrate, and finish. 

In playing this game, nothing but the utmost care and 
o»ution can ensure success. One rash "move" may spoil the 
whole game, and one must always consider the influence one 
move will have on those t'tiat are to follow, and shrewdly 
anticipate the movements likely to be made by the opposing 
party. 

Now, as life is very much the same, and as a rash and wrong 
resolution or action may prove the first step to a life of ruin 
and misery, let us be very careful to cultivate and attain that 
sufficiency of moral courage and good sense which shall at all 
times, and under all conditions enable us to render a just 
and equitable "Y'es" or "No." 



A LITTLE BOYS FAITH. 



BY E. P. 



FEELING a great interest in the youth of Zion, I wish to 
relate for their benefit and encouragement an incident of 
recent occurrence which has come to my knowledge, relative 
to the power of faith and the efficacy of prayer. I shall not 
say much at the present time about the principle itself, but 
mention this circumstance for the intbrmation and instruction 
of the young folks who read the I.NSTiurmi!, and as a practi- 
cal demonstration of the power of faith and the immediate 
blessings that oftentimes are derived from the exercise 
thereof. 

Not two hundred miles from Salt Lake City, resides a little 
boy about twelve years of age, whose name is Ernest. 

I would not like to say that he is such a very exceptionally 
good boy, who never did any wrong, such as we read about in 
the little Sabbath school story books, who always die young, 
as Mark Twain says, and yet this little hoy is not a bad boy, 
and I think he is a pretty good boy, for 1 heard him say that 
he wanted to gain an education and grow up a useful man. 

He attends his school regularly, and I believe he applies 
himself tolerably well to his studies. 

Not many weeks .since, Ernest was wrestling with another 
boy and accidently had his hip dislocated. 

His mother, who was awaj' from home, was sent for, as 
well as .some of the brethren, who came and replaced the 
bones in their natural positions. After all was arranged 
properly and the little boy was (|uite comfortable, which was 



^ 




J-TJATEIN-ILE IJtTSTI^TJOTOK.. 



91 




accomplished with but little pain or suffering, Ernest 
whispered to his mother and told her that he knew the 
reason that he got along so well, and with so little pain and 
suffering : it was because he had, while waiting for her to 
come, after the news of the accident had been sent to her, 
said his prayers, and asked the Lord to b'ess him and cause 
that he might not suffer from the effects of the accident. 
The hip did not swell at all, and in two or three days he was 
attending school, as usual. 

Now, this would appear Very remarkable to me, if I did 
not know that there is a power in faith, and whether exer- 
cised by the Elders who bear the Priesthood or by a child, it 
is all the same, God is just as willing to hear and answer the 
prayer of a little boy or girl as any one else. And the young 
folks among the Latter-day Saints should early cultivate the 
habit of praying regularly. 

How do you suppose this little boy came to think of pray- 
ing? Why, I will tell you : his mother taught him almost in 
his infancy that he should pray before retiring to bed at 
night, and his father attends to family prayer night and morn- 
ing, asking God's blessing and protecting care upon and 
around the family from day to day, that no harm or accident 
may befall them. 

How necessary that parents should set a good example 
before their children. Those parents who neglect to do so, 
will have more to answer for than many of them are aware 
of. The Lord has told us distinctly in a revelation the 
duties of parents towards their children, and the penalty of 
neglecting those duties, and I think I am safe in saying that 
many parents will be held responsible for the sins of their 
children, when they neglect to teach them correct principles, 
and fail to set them good examples. 

I trust that all the little boys and girls and young men and 
young women who read this, will remember the incident, and 
if they have not heretofore made it a practice to pray night and 
morning, that they will commence to do so without delay. 



THE PRAYER OF FAITH. 



By E. D. HOLT, SOUTH JORDAN. 



THE promise is given in holy writ that, "the prayer of 
faith shall save the sick and the Lord shall raise them 
up. ' ' Those words are as true to-day as when first spoken. 

This winter my family has passed through a sore affliction, 
and I must acknowledge the goodness of God in answer to 
my prayers and those of my brethren who assisted me in 
administering to my family. 

I have four boys and four girls between the ages of two 
years and sixteen. In November, the eldest was taken sick 
with the diphtheria in a mild form, but through faith and 
good care she soon recovered. On the 1st of December, my 
littli^ girl, nine years old was taken sick, and on the ■'Srd we 
discovered that she had the diphtheria of a very bad type. 
My folks became much alarmed, but I went iu secret and 
prayed unto the Lord to give me faith and (lower to overcome 
this terrible disease. He did show me what to do, and I 
never shall forget the heavenly feelirjg that came over mo on 
that occasion. The power of God came upon me, and I told 
my ftimily that the Ijord was going to assist us in our affliction. 
I sent for some of my brethren to come and a.ssisl in adminis- 
tering to my children, but by the time they arrived, another 
on(' was taken sick. 



Before administering, I asked the brethren who had come 
in if either of them had any hard feelings towards any one. 
They replied they had not. I then felt that we could appeal 
to the Lord unitedly in faith and claim His blessings. We 
knelt in prayer to our Heavenly Father, and afterwards 
administered to the sick. They received a great blessing. 
One had the croup-diphtheria, and some said she would be 
dead in a few hours, but the Spirit whispered to me, "She 
will live." She began to turn black, but, in company with 
three brethren, I again administered to her. The power of 
God was upon us, and she began to recover. 

One after another, my children were taken down with the 
diphtheria until all were afflicted. Some said "You must 
expect to lose some of them ;" but I replied : "The Lord has 
manifested to me that they will all get well and go to Sunday 
school and primary meetings and improvement meetings 
again!" This saying is fulfilled. This date being fast day, 
I took them to meeting and bore testimony that the power of 
God had healed my children. To God be all the glory for 
their recovery. 



QUERIES, 



BV J. A. L. 



TT /"HO can define those ethereal fancies which sometimes 
'•^ clothe in beautiful drapery the hard statue-like realities 
of life? Who can tell the origin of those myriads of ideas 
which, for us, have no realization; of those sublime and beau- 
tiful theories which now appear impracticable of fulfillment ; 
of those longings for something beyond the clogging toils of 
this mortality, which we find nothing here to satisfy? May 
they not be the little that we are permitted to call forth from 
the experiences of the past spiritual, or, possibly, the pre- 
ludes of the higher future life, if we honor this? 

Sometimes these flitting perceptions are of a sombre hue, 
and clothe our fondest hopes with shadows, but they make 
the bright side of life the brighter when the sunshine dispels 
the gloom. It is ever difficult to draw the line between the 
temporal and the spiritual, the imaginative and the real. To 
finite minds, in the numberless varieties of creation, they 
appear ever blended together. 

Without effort on our part, the fancies .seem to emanate 
from the overflowing spiritual within us, and they often throw 
a charm around the dull monotonies of life. We are ever 
endeavoring to shape the real after the imagery of the mind, 
and the thoughts of the heart truly indicate the character of 
man, though but few can read them correctly. 

There is little similarity in the aims and object of existence 
between the mother, who imagines angelic forms flitting 
around her sleeping babe when it smiles, and the one who 
looks upon her child only as a necessary trouble of existence. 
In the first, the beautiful imagery emanates from the over- 
flowing affections of the heart, which shed a softening halo 
over the asperities of life. In the latter, there is a chill in 
the heart that counteracts the ameliorating influences of love 
The poetic conceptions of Milton and Byron define the wide 
difference in their characters more minutely than any mean 
description could do. The first evolved from the great drama 
of creation, the noble and sublime, in the final triumph of 
right over wrong; while the latter tempted the evil in men's 
natures, by painting the pleasures of licentiousness in rosiest 
hues, without even reminding its victims of the ruin 
invariably found in the bottom of the cup. 



I 



'3^ 



^f>^ 



m 



9S 



J'TJ^E]IsriI_,E ; I3^STI?.TJOT03E^. 



^^ 



REVIEW OF AN ACTIVE LIFE. 



BY G. G. 



(Contiittifd from page TCi.) 

TWENTY months had now passed away since my wife and 
I were baptized into the Church; and had the rapid and 
momentous circumstances we experienced been shown us one 
day prior to our baptism, I fear we would both have shrunk 
from acceptins the gospel on any such terms ; but the future 
being so wisely and completely hidden from our e}'es, we 
knew not what was coming until our faith became strong and 
confiding enough to meet it, and acknowledge the hand of 
the Lord therein. 

At the time of our baptism, I was doing a good, safe, 
ready-money business, and just merging from a severe loss 
but recently experienced; but by publicly preaching in the 
market-place, my business rapidly collapsed, my financial 
hopes were blighted, my home was broken up, my furniture 
disposed of, and I left with a wife and seven small children 
on my hands and no means of supporting them. Then 
followed the refusal of help from my father and the payment 
of fifty pounds by my brother to get rid of us, and afterwards 
my trip to Liverpool, a perfect stranger, to raise means for 
the purchase of supplies lor our journey across the ocean, to 
a country where, to use the words of my father, it would be 
impos.sible for me to earn "salt for my porr'dge." A few 
weeks' successful efl'orts, In Liverpool and Manchester, and 
then adieu to parents, relatives and cimntry, my wife leav- 
ing an only mother, and I both father and mother, all of whom 
were .so passionately fund of our children, that to tear them 
away forever seemed like severing their very heart strings. 
Then followed the trying experience of a birth and burial on 
the ocean; the sudden expectation of a watery grave by con- 
tact with a snag on the Mississippi ; the death of another 
child at Memphis; arrival at St. Louis in midwinter, without 
means; the death of another child there; successful peddling 
through the streets of St. Louis and Bluff City ; the death of 
two more children ; the journey, mostly on foot, of one 
thou.'and miles across the plains, and the safe arrival in Salt 
Lake City of my.sejf, wife and three children. 

All this for the gospel's sake! If the kind hand of our 
Heavenly Father had not been with us, and also His Holy 
Spirit, to cheer and comfort and enlighten our minds, we 
never could have passed through such an ordeal. 

I had said on the plains, that I never would go around 
peddling among the Saints, but, in the absence of any other 
employment, and having a remnant of needles, etc., on hand 
(though somewhat rusty), and there being a .scarcity of 
needles in this city at that time, I was constrained to break 
that resolution. I look hold again, and had no trouble in 
dis])osing of my remaining stock, in exchange for something 
to cat. 

One day, also, when snow was falling very heavily, I went 
around and gathered up over twenty pair of scissors to grind, 
took them to Daft and Hague, on Main Street, to sharpen, 
they dividing the profit with me, Vjy which I earned over two 
diillars that snowy day. The Lord helps tho-.e who are 
willing to h;lp thcm-ielves. 

Three weeks after our arrival, the .semi-annual conference 
was held in the Old Tabernacle, and at one of the meetings, 
President Young gave permission for the brethren and 
sisters to bear their testimony. The Spirit of the T^ord 
prompted me to arise and relate my experience, which had 



been so varied in its character that the congregation gave 
vent to alternate emotions of joy and sorrow. What 1 said 
also called forth some encouraging remarks from the Apostle, 
Parley P. Pratt. 

I soon learned my duty in regard to tithing: to pay to the 
Church on arrival in the Valley one-tenth of my property and 
after that one-tenth of my annual increase. 

A'aluing my property at four hundred dollars, and having 
an only cow left of our general outfit, I drove her to the 
Tithing Office, which was valued, and the rest of the amount 
to reach forty dollars was paid out of my basket, of such 
articles as the brethren at the office selected. 

I then felt happy and joyful in spirit, knowing that 1 could 

claim the blessing of my Heavenly Father on my daily labor. 

During the entire winter I was enabled to sustain my family 

by disposing or of exchanging my ''notions" for any article of 

food the Saints had to part with. 

Houses, like angels' visits, in the fall of hS.52, were few and 
far between, and it was seldom that I reached home before 
the darkness of night overtook me. 

Having received the ordination of an Elder in the old 
country, I joined that ([uorum in this city, and attended their 
monthly meetings, which were held in the ITth Ward meeting 
house, a comfortable place to meet in on a cold winter's 
night, had it not been for so many broken panes of glass in 
the windows. This place being nearly three miles distant 
from my house, I sometimes found it difficlt to make my way 
home on a stormy, dark night, and occasionally encountered 
ditches or other obstructions more sensibly felt than seen. I 
also joined the Tabernacle Choir, as a bass singer. In that 
early day it was made up of vocal and instrumental perfor- 
mers. Among the latter were Brothers Midgley, Grimshaw, 
Jones, Hutchinson, Ballo, Waite, Westwood and others. 
Among the vocalists were James Smithies (leader), Stephen 
H. Goddard, Sisters, Kimball, Sophia L. Hardy, Emmeline 
H. Wells, Hellen M. Whitney, Agatha Pratt and others. 

At our weekly practice meetings, a few had to take turns in 
bringing a candle each, and if any happened to be troubled 
with a bad memory and forgot their candle, there would be 
just about sufficient light to make the singers visible to one 
another. 

In the spring of l^'hi, I obtained permission of Stephen 
H. Goddard to have a stall on the corner, now known as 
Godbe's corner, where I exhibited a small variety of u.seful 
articles, having replenished my waning stock from the stores 
of Livingston and Kinkead, or of Cogswell, the only merchants 
of any magnitude at that time. 

A-, the summer season advanced, the heat of the sun 
injured some of my goods, especially horn combs, which 
assumed an unnatural twist. My friends suggested an awn- 
ing, as a protection over head, which I had i)ut up of 
unbleached sheeting. This awning .soon attracted the notice 
of a very important personage in those days, namely, the 
city marshal, who peremptorily ordered me to take it down, 
as being an obstruction to the sidewalk. As I failed to 
respond to the command at the moment, he called his deputy 
and commanded him to "tear that awning down." This 
inhumane exerci.se of a little brief authority greatly troubled 
mc, and it seemed to cast a sudden blight on my summer's 
prospect.s. I was reminded of the saying of the Proi)het 
Joseph Smith : "Wc have learned, by .sad experience, that 
it is the nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as 
they get a little authority, as they Mut)pose, they will immedi- 
ately begin to exerci.se unrighteous dominion." 



^^]^ 




^ 



>*/-- 



CTTJ^EnsriLE! iiNrsTi?.i:joTOi?.. 



93 




But this happened to be one of those circumstances that 
prove a blessing in disguise, for while cogitating on what I 
could do, a Brother McKenzie, who occupied a small store 
where the new U. C. Ry. office now is, being sick, and hear- 
ing of the dilemma I was in, sent for me, and offered me the 
store he was then occupying. Thus I was led to see and 
acknowledge the kind hand of my Heavenly Father in pro- 
viding me a far more desirable place than the stall I was so 
ruthlessly driven from. 

While here I was soon visited by a brother, commonly 
known as "Blind Leonard," whose onlj' means of support 
consisted in loaning money to brethren at sixty per cent, 
interest. I was tempted to avail myself of his offer, and 
bought several lots of merchandise from emigrants who began 
to arrive on their way to California, and finally purchased 
the entire stock of Mr. Cogswell, my next door neighbor, 
whose store was on the identical spot where the Deseret 
Bank mw siatids, my friend Leonard signing promissory notes 
of pnymear. with me, for nearly forty thousand dollars. 

1 thus btcame a prominent merchant, on borrowed capital, 
at a ruiii.;us rate of interest, which involved both myself and 
Brother Leonard in much trouble, for it took me seven years to 
honestly pay my debts; and, as a burnt child dreads the fire, so 
I shouldbe sorry to pass through a similar experience; and can 
strongly recommend my young friends to keep out of debt and 
pay as they go, rather than float along the current of seeming 
prosperity, without sail or ballast, and with the mind kept in 
a state of constant agitation as to the result. 

I did not remain a great while in the store alluded to, it 
being wanted by the owner, Thomas Williams, but moved into 
another one owned by Enoch Reese, near what is now known 
as the Woodmansee Building; or Wells, Fargo and Co's, 

Brother Reese was doing business in a store close by, 
having purchased a train of goods from the California 
market. I bought his remnant stock, amounting to several 
thousand dollars, agreeing to pay him as fast as the goods 
were sold, and also by honoring his own orders on the store 
which he gave to his hired men while building. 

In those early days all goods brought into this market came 
by ox or mule teams ; and on their arrival in small or large 
quantities during the summer and fall,, there was considerable 
anxiety to learo what kind of goods each train consisted of, 
for during the winter season some class of articles would be 
entirely sold out, and sometimes when staple articles were 
nearly run out or getting .scarce, advantage would be taken of 
their scarcity, and exorbitant prices asked. For instance, .sugar 
advanced to one dollar ]>er pound, calico seventy-five cents 
per yard, and nails seventy-five dollars per keg, etc. The 
ordinary or standing price for these articles for .several years 
was forty cents per pound for sugar, forty cents per yard for 
calico and forty cents per pound for nails. 
(To he Conit'mied.) 



T. E T T E H 



TO THE 
FOLKS. 



Y O U N a 



Salt L.vke Citv, 

March 14, LS82. 
Mv Dear Youno Corhespondents : 

EsTiiKR Edith Davis: — My dear young 

sister, I received your nice, kind letter, and feel to set all my 

affairs aside and say a few words to you. You say you have 

received no answer to your last letter. Well, dear, this shall 

e an answer for both. Remember always that my young 



®^ 



brothers and sisters are never forgotten by me, either indi- 
vidual!}' or collectively ; for I realize that much responsibility 
depends on the rising generation, not only in our community, 
but those also of the nation by which we are surrounded, and 
which they have, in a measure, got to come in contact with. 
All comprise God's family, one as much as the other. If we, 
as a people, have received more light than others, it must be 
our especial duty to hold up that light in such a way that 
others shall be enabled to see the way and walk in it; talking 
and boasting of our advantages will by no means accomplish 
it. Silent forces are always the most powerful, and the 
most effective when used understandingly, and with the 
blessing of God upon them. Great talkers are not those 
who accomplish the most. You say you love to read my 
letters, and feel they are very instructive; both these 
remarks comfort me. God bless you, dear girl ; may every 
experience you meet with tend to form and establish a 
character in you that shall make you a noble woman in Zion ! 
You speak of your father being on a mission, and say you 
hope to see him home next October ; but, though all these 
feelings are good and pure, yet, dear, do not let your spirit 
call him home until he has fully completed his mission ; for 
between those who love dearly, there is ever a strong 
sympathetic feeling, and though thousands of miles may 
separate, the magnetism will be felt if powerfully thrown out. 
Therefore, dear, be silent as to your desire for his return ; 
only ask God to bless him, and make him "a burning and 
shining light" in His service. Improve yourself in every 
way, that when your father returns he may rejoice in you. 

G. H. Crosby, Jr., my dear young brother, I was 
pleased to receive your letter. The spirit in which you write 
is good. You tell me you are ten years old, that you attend 
Sunday school and the primary association, that you read the 
Instructor, and that made you think of writing to me, as 
you liked my letters so much. I am glad you acted upon 
that impulse, and did not let it fade and die out, as many do 
that are much older than you ; for all that whispers to us to 
improve ourselves is from the Spirit of God, and we should 
at once listen to that "still small voice," and act upon it. 
Were we always to do this, we should never do wrong. Now 
remember this and lislen to it, and more, obey it. I believe 
you are a good boy and obey your parents. You say you hold 
the office of a Deacon. Good! very good! God bless you, 
dear boy! 

Ray Van Cott, dear boy, I hope you received my letter 
by post, for I thought you had waited patiently long enough, 
and sent a few words to you in that way. I am glad you 
heeded your mother's voice when you said you did not 
believe that Sister King would want to hear from a little herd- . 
boy. She said "Yes, I know she would, and I want you to 
write to her," and so you obeyed and I got the pretty letter. 
Why. don't you know that King I>avid was his father's herd- 
boy when the Prophet Samuel went to him, and anointed 
him as king over Israel according to the command of God? 
(!od looks on the heart and not on the external appearance, 
or the occupation we hold. It has always been the Lord's 
way when He wanted a servant to choose the poor and meek 
of the earth. l)ifCird that idea from your mind forever, that 
your occupation or your circumstances shut you off from 
esteem. Mean indeed must be that person who could weigh 
and measure character by such a scale. Write to mo when- 
ever you desire to do so, for the name of Van Cott is inemor- 
ablc ill my eyes. Your friend, 

Hannah T. Kinh. 



-c/«C 



^J 



G4= 



CrXJ'^IEn^ILEl IIsTSTi^TJOTOE/. 




GOD IN HISTORY 



IN history, God should be acknowledged and proclaimed. 
The history of the world should be set forth as the annals 
of the government of the Sovereign King. I have gone 
down into the lists where the annals of our historians have 
invited me. There I have witnessed the actions of men and 
of nations, developing themselves with energy, and contend- 
ing in violent collision. I have heard a strange din of arms, 
but I have been nowhere shown the majestic countenance of 
the presiding Jadge. 

And yet there is a living principle emanating from God. in 
every national movement. God is ever present on that vast 
theatre where successive generation.s of men meet and struggle. 

It is true He is unseen, but if the heedless multitude pass 
by without caring for Him, because He is "a God that dwel- 
leth in the thick darkness," thoughtfal men, who yearn for 
the very principle of their e.xistence, seek for Him the more 
ardently, and are not satisfied until they lie prostrate at His 
feet. And their inquiries meet with a rich reward; for from 
the hight to which they have been compelled to soar to meet 
their God, the history of the world, instead of presenting to 
their eyes a confused chaos, as it does to the ignorant crowd, 
appears as a majestic temple, on which the invisible hand of 
God Himself is at work, and which rises to His glory above 
the rock of humanity. 

Shall we not recognize the hand of God in those grand 
manifestations, those great men, those mighty nations, which 
arise and start, as it were, from the dust of the earth, and 
communicate a fresh impulse, a new form and destiny to the 
human race? 

Shall we not acknowledge Him in those heroes who spring 
from .society at appointed epochs — who display a strength and 
activity beyond the ordinary limits of humanity, and around 
whom, as around a sujierior and mysterious power, nations 
and individuals unhesitatingly gather? 

Who his launched into the expanse of time those huge 
comets with their fiery trains, which appear but at intervals, 
scattering among the superstitious crowd abundance and joy, 
calamity and terror? Who, if not (xod? 

Alexander sought his origin in the abodes of divinity; and 
in the most irreligious age there has been no eminent glory 
that has not endeavored in some way or other to connect itself 
with heaven. 

r)o not those revolutions which hurl kings from their 
thrones, and precipita e whole nations to the dust — do not 
those widespread ruins which the traveler meets with among 
the sands of the de.sert — do not those majestic relics which the 
field of humanity presents to our view, all declare aloud — a 

dtlil ill llistoi'jl .' 

(libbon, seated among the ruins of the eapitol, and contem- 
plating its august remains, owned the interventions of a 
superior destiny. He saw it; he felt it. In vain would he 
avert his eyes; that shadow of a mysterious power started 
from behind every broken pillar: and he conceived the design 
of describing its influence in the liistory of the disorganiza- 
tion, decline and corruption of that Roman dominion which 
has enslaved the world. 

Shall we not discern amidst the great ruins of humanity 
that Almighty hand which a man of noble genius — one who 
had never bent the knee to Christ — perceived among the 
.scattered fragments of the monuments of Romulus, the 
sculptured marbles of Aureiiiis, the busts of Cicero and Mr- 
gil, the statues of Cresar and Augustus, Pompey's hor.ses 



and the trophies of Trajan ? And .'■hall we not confess it to 
be the hand of God? — History of the Ri-fonmition. 



DIALOGUE 



BY n. JI. w. 



<K 



^ 



Georoe — Good morning James! 

James — Good morning George! This is a lovely morning! 

G. — It is, indeed; splendid! Where are you going so earlj"? 

,7.— I am going up City Creek Canyon; I hear there are 
some very fine ferns up there, and I am going to see if I can 
find some. 

G. — But, James, have you forgotten that it is Sunday? 

J. — dear, no, Mr. Sober Sides ! I could not very well 
forget, for I have to be at work every other day. I see you 
havn't forgotten it either, for you are off somewhere, pretty 
early too. May I ask where you are going? 

G. — Certainly you may: I am going to Sunday school. 

J. — But you are much too early for Sunday school. It is 
not nine o'clock yet. 

G. — I know it is early, but I am a Deacon, and it is my turn 
to-day to dust and put the benches in order, and to distrib- 
ute the books among the different classes. I am none too early 
I assure you, I always like to have everything ready in good 
time, so that when the superintendent or the teachers come, 
all is in order. IMy father always says, "what is worth doing 
at all is worth doing well; " I also think the office of a Dea- 
con is a very important one, although we sometimes look 
upon it as very trifling. 

J. — What have you under your arm? Is that your lunch? 

G. — No; that is the bread for the Sacrament table, you 
know the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper is administered in 
the Sunday schools, and it is the duty of the Deacon to pro- 
vide the bread. When it is my turn to act as Deacon I always 
try to remember it, but sometimes it is forgotten, and I feel 
very sorry, for it displeases our .superintendent and dissap- 
points the children. 

J.— Why, what does it matter? It i^ always administered 
in the Tabernacle. 

G. — Yes, that is so; but some of the children are too .small 
to go to the Tabernacle, and many of the older ones have to 
stay at home while their parents go to meeting. I think it 
was a very wise suggestion on the part of the First Presi- 
dency, to have the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper adminis- 
tered in the Sunday schools. 

J. — Why, what good do you think it does? 

G. — I think it does a great deal of good ; the children are 
impressed with its solemnity, and are taught to revere it as 
one of the most sacred ordinances of the Church; it is also ful- 
filling the commandment of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. 

J. — AVell, I should think they would be making an Elder of 
you soon, you can preach a pretty good sermon now. 

G. — And 1 hope if they should see fit to make me an Elder, 
that I may honor that calling as my father by his example 
has taught me to do, the Lord being my heljier! 

J. — Well, George, if we stand here. 1 shall get no ferns, and 
your benches will get no dusting; and, what will be wor.'-e 
than all, my father will be coming along and I shall get 
another lecture; and I think one a day enough. 

G. — T)on't your father know you are going? 

J. — .Not he ! why, he'd make as much fuss about me going 
to get a few ferns to-day as if I was going to steal something. 
Good day, George. 



_c/?)\ 



ag 



f^ 



'"^f^, 



5&' 



j-Tj^EisriXjE r:tTSTie."croTOi?.. 



95 



Gr. — Excuse me one moment, James; won't you give up the 
ferns to-day, and come and help me get the school house ready? 
Now do; and as one good turn deserves another, I will go' with 
you to-morrow either in the morning or evening; you'll soon 
get all the ferns you need, and will have a conscience void of 
offense towards God and man; for you know, James, that God 
commands us to keep holy the Sabbath day, and the first 
great commandment with promise is, "Honor thy father and 
thy mother that thy days may be long in the land." Come, 
James, forgive my "preach," as you call it, and let us con- 
tinue to be the good friends we always have been. 

J. — Forgive you, George! of course I will ! And I would 
come with you, if I was not so thoroughly ashamed of my- 
self that — 

G-. — Never be ashamed of doing right, James; the only 
thing we should be ashamed of is doing wrong. Come along 
we'll hurry up, and have all things ready now in good time. 



A TEMPTATION 



BY W. W. CLUFF. 



IN 1S5G, there were about twenty-four Elders, from Utah, 
on missions in the Sandwich Islands. With the exercise 
of severe economy, the abilities of the Saints and their own 
faith were often taxed for the necessary means to accomplish 
their labors. 

Four of the Elders— Joseph F. Smith, F. M. Young, 
George Spiers and myself — at the time the following events 
took place, were laboring on the island of Hawaii. The time 
for our next general conference was approaching. It was to 
take place on the small i.sland of Lanai. 

To reach there, it was necessary to raise five dollars each to 
pay our passage by sea. We had about one hundred and 
fifty miles to travel on foot, on the island of Hawaii, to reach 
the little Hamlet of Upolu, on the northern coast, where we 
were to embark for Lahaina, on the island of Maui, from 
which we completed ourjourney of sixteen milesin an open boat. 

It was expected that the Elders laboring in the ministry, 
and especially those from Utah, would attend these confer- 
ences. The.se reunions were sources of great pleasure and 
profit After them we always resumed our labors among the 
people with an increase of faith, and a renewalof our spiritual 
strength. 

It was at this time a matter of serious consideration how to 
raise the necessary funds to attend this conference. 

Our route across the island of Hawaii, would take us 
through a number of small branches of the Saints, where 
our necessities with regard to food would be supplied; but 
they were poor, and for this reason our chances for raising 
funds for our sea voyage among them were very meagre. 
We preached to the people, and made known our necessities. 

These poor Saints would .show their desire to assist us by 
donating some article that would bring a little money, when 
we could find a market for it. Jlost generally the donation 
consisted of a goat skin, worth about twelve cents and half 
These we packed up and carried with us on our backs, until 
we could dispose of them. 

Part way on our journey, was the house of one of the breth- 
ren, where we .sometimes rested in our travels. This house 
was about three miles from the foot trail we Wf tj traveling, 
and on a wagon road which led from the interior of the 
i.sland to a lauding place on the sea-.shore, where the natives 
marketed their jiroduee. 



At this house, some of us had previously left .some books 
and light articles, which we were desirous of taking with us. 
I was selected by the brethren to go across the country to the 
wagon road, get our things and return to the trail. 

After arriving on the road I found a man's coat, which had 
evidently been lost by some one in going to or from the land- 
ing. In it I found a pocket-book, and, what surprised me, 
just the amount of money necessary to pay our expenses to 
the place where the conference was to be held. 

The first thought was, that it was a God-send — a kindly 
providence — to assist us in our emergenc}'. I looked around 
to see if any person could have seen me pick up the coat. I 
thought of turning back and not going to the house after the 
books, which was still farther on the road towards the land- 
ing. 

Under these impulses, I started across the country, to over- 
take the brethren. On the way, there were plenty of rocks 
under which I could bury the coat without any chance of its 
ever being found. T had not gone far, when the query came 
into my mind : "Perhaps'this money, instead of being a God- 
.'end, has been thrown in your way for a temptation." 

For a time, I was operated on by these two influences. 
Under one influence I would start to go to the brethren,' then 
the other would come over me, and I would return. I finally 
decided that the Lord would not assist us, as His servants, by 
taking advantage of the misfortunes of another. 

This impression was effectual in deciding my course. I 
returned to the road, and went on to the house where we had 
left our things. I found the name of the owner of the coat 
on some papers in the pocket book. I found the mistress of 
the house at home, and related the circumstance to her. 

She informed me that the man who owned the coat lived 
about fifty miles from there, that he was below at the landing, 
and would probably pass there that day on his way back. I 
counted the money to the woman, wrote a note to the owner, 
took the things for which I went, and, without any more hesi- 
tation, traveled on to overtake the brethren. 

At first, I told them that I had found the money that would 
take us to our destination. Their first impression was the same 
as mine had been ; but, when I related to them the circum- 
stances, they all decided that what I had done was right. 

We continued on our way, rejoicing, and with much faith 
that the Lord would bless our efforts to get to Lanai^ 
When we arrived at the landing place, on the .sea shore, we 
learned that it would be a week before the vessel in which we 
expected to sail would arrive. 

Living about twenty-five miles from the landing, was a man 
who had often befriended the Elders, and who was also 
possessed of considerable means. We concluded that while 
waiting for the vessel we would make him a visit. We did 
so, and were kindly received. 

In the course of our conversation with him, we stated the 
object we were endeavoring to accomplish, and our lack of 
funds. He gave ns ten dollars, one half the amount we 
needed. This made us feel very thankful to the Lord, and 
increased our faith that we should raise the balance of the 
money needed. 

We succeeded in finding sale for the goat skins, etc., 
donated by the Saints, and accomplished our object in meet- 
ing with our brethren from Utah, and the Saints generally in 
conference. 

This meeting, and the con.sciousness that we were laboring 
diligently to fill the mission that had been assigned us, repaid 
us many fold for all our anxieties and privations. 



5« 



c/?<SV 




fe 



CTTJ^N^ElISrilLE in^STI^TJGTOI^. 




SEE, THE MIGHTY ANGEL FLYING! 



Words Br E.. B. Thompson. 



Music by L. D. Edwards. 



i 



t± 



^^gn^^^^^^ 



ito — *: 



:^=P= 



q=:il= 



:^= 






See, the mightj' an - gel fly - Lng 

4 -!• — • — • — • — • — • ©- 



See, lie speeds his way to earth, 

-r -r -S-— g- - r f -^ — 



:t=t 



■k^fc^-^zzg 



To proclaim the blessed 



:i — r 



1. ■ -I 



% 



-^ 



-• — -A — •- 



r!;^=^- 



— 1^= w- 

-• is: 



i^=S„ 



:5 






s 



gospel, And restore the ancient faith. Hear, men. the jn-o - cla - mation! Ceasefi-om van-i - ty and 



:t=t: 



it== 



r*=^i 



i^— ^: 



:t=t 






u > i» >- 



u ^ 



§ 



=2^^ 



^ 









^zkdi 



-?!^ 1 * 



EiE 



=s.^=s= 



ipsi 



f<^"- 


strife; 

-g" 


Hasten to 

— 1 H \ 1^ 


re - 

— *r 


ceive 

-•- 
— m — 


the 

— (•-^ 


gos - pel, 

_|_— 1 J 


And 

-P 
— 1 


- 

— 1 


bey 

-»- 
— 1 


the 

— 1«- 


words 

— 1 


of 


life. 

— ig^- 




^^- 


1 




— ^- 


U— 




^-1 — r-^ 


H^- 


r— 


— 1^_ 


=5= 


— w — 
5? 


_lB 


— (=— : 





Soon the earth will hear the warning; 

Then the judgments will descend : 
Oh! before tlio.^c days of sorrow. 

Make the Lord of hosts vour iriend. 



Then, when dangers are around you, 
And the wicked are distressed; 

You, with all the Saints in Zion, 
Shall enjoy eternal r^st. « 



E N I G MAS. 



BV B. .1. B. 



I'm a word of five letter.-i, as you will soon .see, 

If you give your Httcntion and listen to mo; 

If the loiters you change as I shnll indite. 

You'll prove in the end my enigma is riglit. 

My one, two and three spell part of tht> name 

Of a man in old London, whose deeds brought him fame; 

My live, two and three the people all wear, 

Some made of black silk, cloth, velvet or hair; 

My four, two and three is an animal tame, 

AVhoso thieving propensities earn u bad name; 

Of my four, five, two, three many pen|)lc are fond, 

And the wee, short hours they oft go bej'ond; 

My four, two, three, four, five is a verb, you'll allow. 

Which the Benjamites used when they wanted a "frou;" 

My whole for its serviie has ."ailed the world round. 

And in no other shape but a (•ircle i- found. 



Up in the sky my whole your eye 
Has no doubt often scon: 

A sure token of ]ili'(lgo unbroken 
It is I rightly ween. 



.\ JIAN i.'S circumscribed in all his ways by God's provi. 
denoe just as he is in a .ship; for though the man may walk 
freely upon the decks, he must go whither the ship bears 
him. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND Klt'TRENTH OP KV'RItY MONTH, 



OBOROR a. CAIVBTON. 



BRITOR, 



GEORCiE C. I^ANIiERT, - 



UUSIiVKSS DIANACiBR. 



Those sons of toil who till the soil, 

My first's good uses know- 
It makes the field its produce yield. 
And causes flowers to grow. 

In times long past, when war bad oast 

Its terrors o'er the land, 
Each .soldier bold would bended hold 

My second in his hand. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 

Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 

Ollicc. South Ti-mplo Sireol. one wudii b:ilf blocks west of 

the T;djcriia<'lc. S:il( Lake City. 



'e>| 



.^fST^^ , 



