
v | i%V#^"f%^4^ «k4v -v -.- J 




4. 



I 




VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1873. 



NO. 13. 



S IE .A.-L IONS 



THERE are many seal-like animals which are much larger 
thau the common seal. The largest kiud of all is the sea- 
elephant, which is so named on account of its size, aud because 
it has a proboscis or trunk, like an elephant. This monstrous 
animal is no less than twenty-five feet in length. It is 
found on the shores and islands of the Antarctic ocean. 



northern and southern. The former are fouud in the Arctic 
regions and are ruaneless, like those in our picture; the latter 
live iu the Antarctic regions, are larger than the northern sea- 
lions, aud have a complete mane like the lion. 

At certain seasons of the year innumerable herds of sea-lions 
cover the shores of St. George's island, which is near to St. 





Another seal like animal is called the sea-bear, because of 
its dark shaggy fur. The chief home of this animal is the 
Island of St. Paul, which is in the Arctic ocean, not far from 
Behring's Strait. 

Then comes the sea-lions, of which there are two kinds, the 



Paul's, and immense numbers of them are captured by the 
Esquimaux, the Aleuts, and other natives of the far North. 

The last of these animals which we will mention is the sea- 
leopard, which owes its name to its spotted skin. 

Tlie various kinds of seals and seal-like animals are of 





98 



J TJ "V E3 IDT I L B HTSTR-CTCTOB. 




immense use to the natives of the icy regions of the North, 
and, indeed, they could hardly exist without them. Seal-flesh 
is their principal food; the fat of the animal gives theui oil for 
their lamps and their fires; its skin is made into warm aud 
strong garments, and it is also used to cover their boats, their 
sledges, and their tents, and it is cut into straps for their har- 
ness, and their whips; its stomach is used for an oil-flask, and 
for making waterproof coats; its sinews are used, instead of 
thread and silk, for sewing; the thick webs of its flippers 
furnish excellent soles for boots; aud its bones are made into 
hooks, knives and spearpoints. 

We see the goodness of God in providing these very useful 
animals, and in such immense numbers. Thousands are often 
met with on a single island, aud hundreds on a single ice-floe. 
Numerous sailing vessels and many steamers go from our own 
country, and especially from St, John's, Newfoundland, and 
bring home large quantities of seals or seal-oil. Four steamers 
arrived, not long since, at St. John's, each of which captured 
on an average twenty thousand seals ! A book entitled New- 
foundland and its Missionaries mentions the following instruct- 
ive incidents: 

"A young man in Newfoundland, the master of a vessel 
employed in catchiug seals, had lately become a Christian, 
Then duty called him to go on a sailing voyage. The seals are 
found on fields of floating ice, called floes; but sometimes they 
do not make their appearance, and a voyage of much hardship 
and danger turns out useless. 

"Now our young captain resolved he would not take seals on 
Sunday, and told his men so before he left the harbor. One 
very fiue Sunday a floe came near his vessel, on which was a 
great number of s^als. The men, notwithstanding what he had 
told them, prepared to take the seals. He forbade them: 
still they persisted. He, however, stood in the gangway, and 
declared, " Not a seal shall be put on board my schooner this 
day." .Presently another schooner saw the floe, bore down 
upon it, and immediately began taking the seals on board; aud 
by night she had taken about five hundred. The day was vety 
fine, and the reflection of the sun's rays from the snow and ice 
greatly affected the eyes of the men. 

"The Monday morning came: the floe was still there, and 
more seals upon it than were seen on the Suuday. Our 
Christian captain now directed his men to go to work, which 
they did with a good will, aud in three days captured sixteen 
hundred seals; while the men on board the other schooner were 
ice-blind, and after that Sunday never took another seal for the 
season.'' 



ANECDOTES OIF 1 WILD 
ANIMALS, ETC. 



I AST week you liad an extract from the work of Mr. Oirard, 
J the French lion killer, giving some particulars as to their 
habits, and the adventure of the two bandits. This week we 
give more from the same work. It seems that, in the part of 
Africa in which .Mr. (iirard was, lions were scarce, as he says 
he only saw twenty-five in ten years. But here is his account 
of bu first euoounter with the king of the forest, an enormous 
lion, which had made great havoc among the flocks of the 
Aralu, and had caused much anxiety and terror iu some of 
their villages. Mr. Girard, accompanied by two Arabs, went 
into the forest in search of this linn. Their hunt was a long 
.uid tedious one, and towards the close of the evening on which 
they met the beast, they almost despaired of finding him, and 
the Arabs were strongly inclined to give up the chaw and 
return home. Our hunter Bays 



mu 



" Already night drew the curtains of the earth. Distinct 
objects disappeared, and nearer ones assumed a dusky hue, 
while the shadows blackened in the forests, under the cork 
trees. I knew that there was no moon that night, and yet each 
minute shorteued the twilight, and nothing announced the com- 
ing of the lion, unless perchance it might be the absence of the 
wild boars that were usually rooting in the forest glades. 

" I can hardly tell the anguish and anxiety that tortured my 
miud. I counted and recounted the days that had passed 
since I left the camp, and I came to the conclusion that I must 
go back on the morrow, and this time with no hope of ever 
trying the chase again. 

"My companions, harassed by danger, and worn out with 
fatigue, were anxious to avoid passing the night in beating 
the mountain paths, aud had risen from the turf where 
they were stretched, with the intention of leaving. Bou-Aziz 
pointed to the stars that were already burning brightly and 
said : 

"' It is too late to meet him here — he has already left the 
woods for the plains by some other path.' 

"I could not bear to leave, though I saw my companions 
shoulder their guns and start. 

" You can go, I said; I will follow you by-aud-by. 

;< They had hardly taken ten steps when the heavy roar of the 
lion sounded in the ravine below. I was so wild with delight 
that, not thinking of the condition of my gun, I sprang into the 
woods to run straight to the lion, followed by my two comrades. 
When the sound ceased I paused to wait. 

"Bou-Aziz and Ben-Oumbark werj close on my heels, pale 
as two spirits, and gesticulating to each other that I had gone 
mad. In a few moments more the lion roared again, about a 
hundred paces distant, when I rushed forward in the direction 
of the sound, with the impetuosity of a wild boar, instead of 
the prudence of a hunter. 

" When the roar ceased, 1 made another halt iu a small open- 
ing, where I was rejoined by my two companions. The dog, 
that uutil then did not seem to understand what was required 
of him, threw up his nose in the air, and with his bristles 
raised, aud his tail low, commenced taking a scent that he 
followed into the woods. Iu a little while after he came run- 
ning back, all doubled up with fear, antf crouched himself 
directly between my legs. 

Iu a moment more I heard heavy steps on the leaves that 
carpeted the woods, and the rubbing ol a large body against 
the trees that bounded the clearing. I knew it was the lion 
that had risen from his lair, aud was u tiling right to where we 
stood. 

"Bou-Aziz and the spahi stood with their guns to their 
shoulders, awaiting the coming struggle with firm hearts. I 
motioned them to a mastic tree, a few steps behind me, enjoin- 
ing them with my hand to remain there. 

These brave fellows were deserving of the highest honor, for 
in spite of their moral fear, they would not leave me alone. 
You may call this kind of courage what name you please, but I 
consider it one of the strongest tests of a man's mind to remain 
a quiet spectator of a double combat, when his own life depends 
upon the issue. 

"The lion slowly approached, and I could measure with my 
senses the distance that separated us. Now I heard his steps 
— now his rustling against the trees — and now his heavy and 
regular breathing. I stepped one or two paces farther forward 
towards the edge of the opening, where he was to come out, to 
have as close a shot as possible. 

"I could still hear his steps at thirty paces distant, then at 
twenty, then at fifteen, and yet I was all the while afraid lest 
he might turn back, or in somj manner avoid me, or that my 
gun might miss tire. 

"What if he should turn aside? What if he should not 
come out of the woods? With every new sound my heart beat 





or tj "v e nsr i m. e iitstrtjotob. 



99 



in heavy throbs with the intoxication of hope. Now all the life 
in my body rushed through my veins, then again my very life 
was stilled by the emotion. 

" The lion, after a momentary pause, that appeared to me an 
age, started again, and I eould see the slender tops of a tree, 
whose base he brushed, trembling as he passed almost within 
sight. Now no more barrier between me and him but the 
thick foliage of a single tree. 

"I glanced at the sight on my gun, it was barely visible; 
thanks to the lingering day that still hung on the horizon, the 
transparency of the air, and the stars that were already burning 
above me. This was enough for a close shot, and I stepped 
still further ahead that I might have a nearer mark. 

"But still the animal did not show himself, and I began to 
fear lest he should have the instinct of my presence, and, 
instead of walkiug s-lowly out, would clear the mastic tree with 
a single bound. 

"As if to justify my fears, he commenced growling, at first 
with two or three guttural sighs, and then increasing to the lull 
force of his voice. 

"Fellow-hunters, it is for you I am writing. You only can 
understand and feel my emotions. There in the solemn forest 
at nwht, standing alone in front of a thicket from whence are 
coming roar3 that would drown the roll of the thunder. I 
thought of my single ball to hurl against a foe that has the 
strength of a hundred men in his single arm, aud that kills 
without mercy when he is not killed himself. 

" You can truly say if I had counted on my own strength 
that my heart would then have been troubled, my eye dim, and 
my hand trembling. I confess that those roars made me feel 
my own littleness, and that without a firm will aud an absolute 
confidence founded upon that Arm that is ever around us and 
supports u=, I should have faltered and failed. But instead of 
that I could hear the roar so near me without a fear, and to the 
last remained the master of my own heart and the director of 
my actions. 

"When I heard the lion making his last steps I moved a 
little to one side. 

"His enormous head came out from the dense foliage, as he 
stepped with a commanding grace into the light of the open 
glade, and then he halted, half exposed, half concealed, while 
his great eyes dilated on me with a look of astonishment. I 
took my aim between the eye and ear, and pressed the 
trigger. 

"From that instant until the report of the piec3, my heart 
absolutely ceased to beat. 

"With t'te explosion of the gun the smoke shut out every- 
thing from my view, but a long roar of agony stunned my car, 
and frightened the forest. My two Arabs sprang to their feet, 
but without moving from their places. I waited with one knee 
on the ground, and my poigcard in my hand, until the smoke 
that obscured the view should dissipate. 

"Then I saw, gradually, first a paw — and, heavens! what a 
paw for a living beast — then a shoulder, then the disheveled 
mane and at last the whole lion stretched out on his side with- 
out sign of life. 

"'Beware! don't go near him!' shouted Bou-Aziz, as he 
threw a large stone at the body; it fell ou his head aud 
bounced off; he did not move, the lion was dead. 

" That was the evening of the eighth of July, one thousand 
eight hundred and forty-four. 

Without giving me time to approach my prize, the Arabs 
sprang upon me like two madmen, and I was nearly thrown 
down and crushed by their transport of joy and gratitude. 
After me it came the lion's turn; and they overwhelmed him 
with recriminations and blows, and then from time to time fir- 
ing their guns in the air, to spread the glad tidings to tlxj 
distant douars. 

( To L( VJIltVlMtj ,) 



IK O J^L IE 



(For the Juvenile Instructor 

I-. O "V IE. 




HOME love and affection arc among the greatest teachers a 
child can have. Parents, cultivate a spirit of love and 
gentleness among your children, and you will fiud that they are 
ever ready to do that for love, that no cross, stern rule cou'd 
induce them to do. How beautiful to see a little child striving 
to master a hard lesson, or perform some trifling, yet to him 
arduous, task, and, when about to give up in despair, turn a 
wistful, longing look toward its parents. A smile, a kind 
word, a look of encouragement, meets its eye, and all trouble 
vanishes like dew before the morning sun. The little one goes 
to work again encouraged, and accomplishes that, which if its 
eye had met a rebuke in your glance, a cross, impatient word 
from your lips, it uever would have had courage to attempt. 
What a precious gift is love in the home circle ! 

Fathers, rule your boys in love; speak kindly to them. If 
they fail to accomplish the task you set them, speak words of 
encouragement to them, even lay aside your stern dignity for a 
little while and remember that you yourself was once a child, 
and that you were not only incompetent to perform as much 
labor as a man, but that you had not the same amount of fore- 
thought and sense as persons of more mature years. 

How mauy bright, high-spirited boys have had their spirits 
completely broken by harsh, unkind treatment 1 No word of 
love ever saluted their ears, no look of affection cheered them 
on and made them feel that their efforts to do right were 
appreciated, until thoroughly disheartened, they have exclaimed 
" 'Tis no use trying, I cannot do anything right;" and unless 
the bond of affection has been firmly cemented between mother 
and child, too often such boys have sought that kindness aud 
congeniality in the houses of strangers that their own homes 
failed to furnish them. 

By such a course as this many parents lose much of that 
help, iu their advanced age, that might be theirs if they would 
treat their childr n as childre", and not expect from them as 
much as from meu and women. 

Mothers, let the silken cord of love bind your childreu to 
their homes. If you want to see them do right and hear the 
fireside resound with their joyous laughter and contentment, 
never let them look in vaiu for a smile, a kind word or a token 
of love and affectionate regard, aud you need never fear that 
they will leave the parental roof for more congenial companion- 
ship. Even though you may have occasion to sometimes 
chastise them for faults, do it iu the same kind spirit of gentle- 
ness aud love, and they will soou understand how it pains you 
to feel that they have behaved improperly, aud they will not 
rest till they are forgiven aud see you looking happy again. 
Children thus treated will love home aud home associations, 
aud though, as they advance in years, duties may call them 
from homo for a time, yet rest assured you will never be 
forgotten. In moments of temptation, or of solitude, in the 
silent hours of the night, when wearied with the labors of the 
day, they will remember the homes of their childhood, aud 
thoughts ot the dear lace and tender love of mother will not 
only comfort them, but in almost every instance will prove a 
safeguard iu temptation. What higher source of gratification 
and pleasure can any mother wish for, thau to see her children 
grow up in the fear of God aud enjoying the light of His Holy 
Spirit, and to feel the blessed consciousness that it was her love 
that bound them to their houieV That to her was given the high 
privilege to teach them to walk in the paths of virtue, rectitude 
and honor, and to feel the sweet assurance tl at when the end 
draws near and she is called to pass from this stage of action, 
that she has Striven faithfully to perform the task allotted to 
her here, and to know that her children will bless her memory, 
and that it will ever he to them as the Fragrance of a beautiful 
flower, "gathered and laid to rest?" A. 11 



Z~P 





lOO 



CTTTVIEnsrilLiE I1TSTBUOTOB. 




ihlj Submit* ittsf eacfoe. 



IF 



CEOHCE Q. CANNON • - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1873. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




■■» v,€» 






T the preseDt time there is a controversy 
going on in this city, between men whose 
business it is to sell liquor, and the City 
Council. Siuce the arrival of our people 
here in 1^47, they have showu by their 
jy^fg^iJ^Vsni; I Tart ici's as well as by their precepts that 
2S^^a2»W « tue - v Wu uld not tolerate the siu of drunk- 
enness, and that they would never, if it 
wirj possible to prevent it, permit it to 
obtain a footing amongst them, and for 
■ years after 1*17 the utter absence, among 
, of drunkenness — one of the crying sins of 
endow — was the subject of frequent com- 
>y the press of this country and of Europe. 
in Salt Lake City, uo more thau four or 
:ars ago a drinking saloon, or ale-house, was 
[bund, while iu Great Britaiu you can not 
''^ find a village, however small, without one or two ale- 
V* bouses and drunkards to support them, and it is 'most 
likely the same in other European couutrics, also in 
the United States. 
Hut in this city a very mark id change in this respect has 
taken place, for now there is a large number of drinking 
saloons, and they seem to be pretty well supported. We do 
not think they find many customers among men who profess to 
b members of the ' hurch, though there are no doubt some of 
that doss; but the opening of the mines has drawn hundreds of 
outsiders to this city and Territory, most of whom were in the 
habit of drinking whisky and other intoxicating drinks befure 
they came here, and they arc evidently determined to continue 
their old habits. The City Council, in order to limit drunken- 
ness m the uity as much as possible, have charged a very high 
license to those ongaged in liquor selling, but notwithstanding 
this liquor - II rs have flourished and increased in number. 
This shows that there must be a lar^e number of men here 
who are given to drink. There is no doubt, however, that had 
it not been for the heavy license charged, liquor shops would 
been much more numerous than they are now, and Salt 
Lake City would have presented much the same appearance, 
as far as they are concerned, a> is presented by other large 
that i-, there would have been one or two of su ih places 
mi ncaily evi iy block. 
• >n several occasions ■ number of these liquor dealers, 
I.- i. there is good reason to believe, by lawyers and law 
rs, bav< refused to pay the license altogether, or to pay 
ouly a portion of the amount i barged, and have still sold their 
li'i'inr-, in violation of the city laws, and this, of course, is the 
tent ion between them and the city authoriti . 
! the worst features in connection with thi> matter is, 
I the officers of the law, appointed by the General 
Government, befi re whom these cases have i" be settled, ren- 
.1 r decisions which show that they axe more disposed to 
sustain the law bieakera, and thui i ncourage drunkenness and 
(hi crimes which follow in i t ^ train, than to support the city 
authorities in their efforts t" suppress them. This, however, 
is easily explained — the latter are "Mormons'' and the liquor 
sellers and their friends— the drunkards, law officers, and the 



lawyers, as a general thing, are Anti-Mormons, and, except 
with a very few rare aud honorable exceptions, they seem to 
delight iu doing anything to annoy aud spite the "Mormons" 
regardless of law, equity, or morality. 

We have no need to enlarge here upon the evils of druukeu- 
ness. Our readers, young or old, we hope, are fully alive to 
them, and, as Latter-day Saints, they certainly should unitedly 
exert their influence iu discouragiug and suppressing it. It is, 
beyond all question, one of the greatest evils in existence. It 
is the pareut of almost every crime. The person who gets 
drunk commits a sin against himself, his family, society, and 
against common sense and reason. Good men, everywhere, 
denounce the practice, and God condemns it, for His word 
declares that the drunkard shall not inherit, or enter His king- 
dom. Very much of the crime, suffering and pauperism in 
this world is caused by drunkeuness. The drunkard, iu grati- 
fying his wretched appetite, disregards the teuderest of nature's 
ties, for the victims of his folly — they who suffer most from 
his vile aud iuexcusable habit, are his wife and children, for 
whose comfort and well being every effort of his body and 
mind should be constantly exerted. No home is so wretched 
as that in which there is a drunken father; no community so 
fallen, so poor, so utterly God-forsakeu as that iu which the 
majority are drunkards, or given to drink. This is not fancy 
but fact, aud liquor sellers, aud, when sober, even drunkards 
themselves, will not deny it. 

The Latter-day .Saints do not believe in any vice. They are 
for truth and righteousness. Their practice proves this, then 
why should others — the small min uity — introduce drunken- 
ness aud its long train of evils into their cities and settlements. 
By their industry and sobriety the Saints, under very adverse 
circumstances, have surrounded themselves with peace and 
prosperity ahead of what is possessed by a like number of peo- 
ple anywhere else in the world. They want to preserve this, 
aud themselves from the contamination consequent upon evil 
practices, and they are justified in adopting every lawful method 
within their reach to stem the tide of sin and wrong which 
others are trying so hard to introduce here. Seeing that the 
law breakers are being encouraged by those who ought to 
punish them, the Latter-day Saints of this city, and we have 
no doubt that others will join them, are getting up a petition 
to the City Council to stop licensing liquor sellers. The City 
Council, we believe, have the power to do this, and wo hope 
they will do it. If they do, of course, their action will close 
all liquor shops, and if any get druuk then they will have to do 
it very privately. Whether our city government will think it 
wise and advisable to take this step, time alone will tell. Hut 
whether or not, we hope soon to see th2 time when the influ- 
ence of the wicked among the Saints will be completely and 
for ever broken. Until that day c mes it behoves us all, 
young, middle-aged aud old, the very least that can be called 
Saints, by example and by precept, to do all iu our power to 
n press drunkenness, and every other vice, aud to extend the 
love of truth and the practice of every virtue. 



A-. Anecdote ok Franklin, — In a speech before the 

If. use of Lords and Commons, Franklin was interrupted by a 
scion of nobility with vociferous cries of "Cough him down, 
cough down that American mechanic. He was brought up at 
tic hamuli r handle I" 

Calmly looking at the lordling, Frauklin said. " It i.^ forlun 
ate for you that you were not, lor your abilities never would 
have raised you above it I" 

The philosopher and statesman con inued his eb queues with- 
out further interruption. 



Nn man IS so insignificant as to be sure bis example can 
no hurt. 



% 

.,/(«> 




'^m 



JT7YB1TILB INSTBUOTOB, 



lOl 



MOTJ1TT YESUYIUS. 






VMONG the varied formations and developments of Nature's 
forces upon the surface of the earth none are more curious, 
or more dreaded by people living in the regions contiguous to 
them, than volcanoes or burning mountains. Where is the boy 
or girl who has read about the fearful distress and suffering of 
which they are sometimes the cause, who cau think of them 
without a shudder? An eruption of a volcano or burning 
mouutaiu, if it be on au extensive scale, is one of the most fear- 
ful calamities that can take place. Such events generally come 
like a thief in the night— without warning — and sometimes in 
the course of a few days they completely destroy towns and 
villages, with everything they contain, compelling the people to 
do as the Bible tells us Lot and his family did when they left 
Sodom — flee for their lives, which would otherwise be lost by 
showers of fiie, for in au _______ 

eruption of a burning mountain t .ii~7~ 

enormous quautities of red hot 
material, called scoria or lava, 
also ashes, dust and smoke, and 
sometimes boiliug water are sent 
forth, aud all these (all in show- 
ers, burning up everything on the 
land sometimes fur miles around. 
From this you can easily under- 
stand why such occurrences are 
dr:aded. Wherever there are 
volcanoi s earthquakes are also of 
cam mon occunence, which makes 
such regions still less desirable to 
live iu. 

It was formerly the opinion 
that very few volcanoes existed 
in the entire world; but from 
information gained by the voyages 
and explorations of travelers dur- 
ing the present century, there are 
known to be more than four hun- 
dred of them, distributed as fol- 
lows : Sevcu in Europe, fourteen 
in the various islands in the 
Atlantic Ocean, three in Africa, 
twenty-five on the continent of 
Asia, one hundred and eighty- 
Line on the Asiatic islands, nine 
in the Indian ocean, forty In the 
South sea, and one hundred and 
twenty in America. Of this num- 
ber it is said that little more than 
half are active, that is, they have 
occasional eruptions; the remain- 
der are extinct — worn out. But 
as there are yet many parts of 
the world, iu Asia, Africa aud 
America, but little known, it is 
not unlikely that many more volcanoes will yet be discovered. 

The three principal mountains of this kind in the world are 
in Europe — Vesuvius, in Italy, Etna, in Sicily, and Hecla, in 
Iceland. Eruptions of the two latter do not take place very 
often, but Vesuvius has a rather terrible record. This moun- 
tain stands on the plain of Campania, in southern Italy, on the 
eastern Bliore of the bay of Naples, and about ten miles from 
the city of Naples. It is nearly four thousand feet high. The 
first and most terrible outbreak of this mountain mentioned in 
history took place iu the year 79 of the Christian era— now 
about 1794 years since, when the cities of Pompeii, Ilercula- 
neum and Stabiae were buried beneath the showers of fire and 
lava which the mountain sent forth. The two first named were 








large aud populous, but their bites even were unknown from 
the time they were destroyed until a little over a hundred years 
ago, when they were accidentally discovered, and now the 
newspapers once in awhile contain accounts of curious discov- 
eries made in those long-buried cities. 

Since their destruction about sixty other notable eruptions of 
this notable volcano have taken place, which have caused 
immense loss of life and- property. The engraving is a repre- 
tation, on a very small scale, of Vesuvius wheu active. In one 
of these terrible events, which happened iu the year 1799, 
white sulphurous smoke, so thick that it looked like piles of 
cotton, rose to a bight of sixteen thousand feet, while ashes 
were seut to a bight of two thouand feet above the summit of 
the mountain. On some days during this great Datura] confla- 
gration immense columns of flame 
"^r_ r?i arose twelve thousand feet higher 

thau the mountain top. Enormous 
masses of rock were also huiled 
into the air from the interior of 
the fiery furnace, one of which 
was seventeen feet, long and one 
hundred and eight feet round. 
From this statement yeu can form 
a slight idea of the tremeudous 
forces in operation in the crater 
of a volcano during an eruption. 
The last eruption ol the Nea po- 
ll! litan vclcano was, we believe, two 
gl| years ago this Spring, it was 
jail quite extensive and caused a deal 
fl of damage aud more alarm; but it 
■i passed off without any veiy 
IB seiious disaster. An American 
lady in Naples at that time wrote 
HI a letter to her young nephew in 
Bp this country, giving him some 
jjHj account of this outburst, aud 
as her letter also contained some 
very curious and very interesting 
information about Pompeii we 
present you with the following 
extract : 

" I am now in Naples, which 
is the ' toe of the boot.' Italy is 
called a 'loot,' because its shape 
is like one. Around this city 
flows the beautiful Mcditcrrean- 
ean Sea. On one side is mount 
Vesuvius, from whose top smoke 
is always coming out as from a 
chimney. Sometimes there comes 
out not only smoke, but fire and 
stone. This is called au eruption. 
The lire is like melted iron, and 
runs all about like water. The people dig into the mountain 
sides aud make passages for the tire, so that when it comes out 
it may run into the sea and hurt nobody. It makes a great 

hissing noise, as when cold water is thrown U| lire, 1 think 

it must frighten the poor fish. This tire, that conies out of 
the mountain, when it is cold is called lava. It is o! a grey 
color and very hard, and the people make bracelets, buttons, 
and ornaments of every kind out of it. 

"Eighteen hundred years ago there were two cities- 
Pompeii and He-culaneum— buried with lava. The eruption 
came so suddenly that the people had to run without taking 
anything with them. Many of the inhabitants of these cities 
we're buried with the lava, and, after awhile, the grass, flowers 





lOS 



iTTTTTIElSrilLjE IITSTBUCTOR 




and trees grew over these places, and the people even forgot 
where these cities had beeu. But about oue hundred years ago 
they found the place, and a great many beautiful and curious 
things have been dug out of the lava. Many oi these things 
arc in the museum here. There are nuts and tigs ou plates, 
loaves of bread that were baking in the oven, with the baker's 
stamp upon theui; pans, pots, lamps, the chairs which the peo- 
ple sat upou, the beds on which they .slept, and a great many 
other dungs, all eighteen hundred years old. The reason why 
these things are so well preserved, is because the air could not 
get at them. 

" There arc. besides, a great many precious stones, necklaces, 
carriugs and ornaments for the ladies, for they liked pretty 
things in those days as well as they do now. There are the 
needles the ladies sowed with, the scissors with which they cut 
i heir clothes, aud the thimbles they put on their fingers. And 
I saw a pair of pincers to pull out teeth. I wonder how many 
little boys' teeth have been taken out with them; but I don't 
believe they made a fuss about it. but were brave little fellows, 
for the Roman people were very brave and courageous, and the 
ouly way to become so is to begin when you are small. There 
are, also, the pens and ink, aud the letters the people wrote, 
which can be understood very easily by those who read Latin 
and Greek. M lieu you become a man you may, perhaps, see 
all these wonderful things for yourself, lit the mcautime, you 
must study hard, for the more you know, aud the morj you 
read, the more interesting these things will be to you. A great 
many images of the gods have also been found, which the 
lloman people worshipped." 



[For i hr Jul* ml' Instructor. 



(f liemisfru of Common. JElHttiis. 



' 



irjXjXJ3yiiiT^.TinsrG- :vea.t:e- 



rnHE substances used for producing artificial light are either 



T 



natural or artificial products. Among the natural are th 
various oils; at one time the trade in 'tram oil" was among 
the most lucrative. A large number of ships of various nations 
set sail every year to rapture the whale- the Polar seas being 
the most common placr of resort of that animal, was generally 
chosen as the rendezvous. The 'blubber," as the most 
oleaginous part of the whale, was the principal object Bought 
after, but the whalebone, also, was merchantable. Dolphins, 
leals and othei smaller fry were also aooeptable; anything that 
would lurni-li the indispensable .illuminating material — oil. 
But times are changed now, other materials are found to be 
l«>ssf«scd of the burning matter that produoes heal, and 
•■ (solid] matt.r whioh, in uonsequenca of the boat, 
evolves light. 

Fats, which arc of the nature ot oils, arc also illuminating, 
but we can cat them, therefore, it was a wise thing to seek for 

substances more economical to use. W 1 is one of these, but 

it is not .>" will adapted for illuminating purposes. Coal 

fossil wood has, up to this time, been the most useful mate- 
rial for illuminating purposes, as we have seen in reoonl 
r -marks on the f 

idles of tallow, was and spermaceti are still used lor 
illuminating; much .-kill i- used to bleach, harden and improve 

He appearai of tie k substances. Fatly matter may be 

improved for lighting purposes, as well as for soap making, by 

being treated with strong vitriol (sulphuric acid), as by it, or 

any other strong the oxide of glycerylc i- separ- 

W.i.\ is improved ••; simply melting in boiling water 



r^ 



aud cooling slowly. It is formed into small ribbons and 
bleached by exposure to the suu aud atmosphere. 

Spermaceti is fouud in a variety of the white whale; it is a 
substance somewhat resembling white wax, but more trans- 
parent and crystalline. It is found in cavities iu the bones of 
the skull as an oily fluid which begins to deposit small crystals 
in thin plates. This is washed with a lye of potash and 
repeatedly liquefied and re-cry stalized. Spermaceti oil is yel- 
low, and burned in lamps; spermaceti wax is made into excellent 
candles. 

In fashionable society wax candles are considered indispensa- 
ble; but great innovations are being made by a cheaper article 
made from a prepared tallow that is neither greasy to the 
touch, nor liable to melt at low temperatures. It is ^earinc, or 
stearic acid, constituents (proximate principles) of tallow. 
Tallow is composed of oil as well as stearine, by slowly and 
carefully cooling melted tallow; with geutle stirring the latter 
is separated from the oily part, which continues fluid. This is 
pressed aud finally brought to a state of great perfection as an 
illuminating material. Of course, in all the preparations 
described so briefly, it is impossible to give a complete descrip- 
tion of all the processes resorted to, which involve great 
expense in machinery, great chemical and practical knowledge, 
and great economy in utilizing every product obtained. 

Of the candles (common tallow) they may be made as dips 
or moulds. Iu large cities contrivances are resorted to for beat- 
ing tallow in troughs, into which a large number are dipped at 
one time; these are allowed to cool on a framework prepared 
for their reception. Another and another set of caudles are 
submitted to the same dipping process, until, by the time all 
have been dipped, they are ready for dipping again. No won- 
der they are called "dips," after so many submergences in the 
greasy fluid. The process of making mould caudles is, no 
doubt, better kuowu to many of our young readers, as they 
have long beeu a prominent article among our domestic manu- 
factures. We will now see how waste materials arc utilized for 
illuminating and other purposes. Beth, 



J± 



[For tlic JtivruiU Illltructor- 

BOY'S VOYAGE ttOTJNU 

THE WORLD. 
i ( 'ontinued. \ 



HISTOKY informs us that the island of Nantucket was 
discovered by Gosnold, in the year 1602, and was first 
settled by white men in the year 1059. The first whaling 
expedition was organized about the year 1072, but it was not 
until between the years 1835 and IS III that the business 
became most flourishing and extensive, Since that time 
Nantucket has been rapidly declining before her prosperous 
rival, New Bedford, owing mainly to the superior facilities for 
transportation, etc., enjoyed by that city, situated on the main- 
land and communicating by rail with the large cities north and 
south. While on the island 1 was impressed with the signs of 
decay on every band. Nearly all the refining and oil purifying 
works, as well as the majority of the warehouses, were closed, 
one old dismantled hulk, the Columbia, lay at the wharf. A 
few fishermen and citizens sauntered idly about with DO 
apparent purpose. Grass grew in the .-(reels, wealth and 
prosperity had gone, and nothing but glory remained — the 
glory of having given birth to the boldest and hardiest sons of 
the sea. 

Tin- year before the iii.-h to California almost depopu- 
lated the place, of inhabitants of the masculine gender. On 
remarking to an old resident that over two-thirds of the 
inhabitants were females, he replied, " Vis, I am sorry it is so, 
but nevertheless you need not set your cap for any of the good- 





JTJVBUILE I1TSTRTJCTOR. 



103 



? 




looking girls, for not one of them would marry a man until ho 
had killed at least a forty-barrel whale." 

1 enquired at the shipping office "where are the ships we are 
to go on?" and was told that they lay at "Old-town" (Edgar- 
town), island of Martha's Vineyard. Loaded vessels drawing 
over nine or ten feet of water could not cross the bar at the 
mouth of Nantucket harbor, consequently the ships were fitted 
out at "Old-town." This was a satisfaction to me. I was on 
a voyage to see the world, and "Vineyard Bay" was another 
place to be seen. There were two vessels at Edgartown ready 
for sea, the Ontario and the Marin. Being somewhat indiffer- 
ent as to choice, I signed the articles of the ship Maria, for 
thirty-six mouths sperui whaling: on the South Pacific, and six 
months right whaling on the north-west coast of America. 

David B , of Nantucket, was our captain, and, I was 

informed, part owner of the ship. How true this report was I 
cannot say. I do know that the Maria had made three or four 
p:>or voyages, and our captain, after a nine years' rest on shore, 
was going to take her out to revive her good luck, for it appears 
she had a very long time back been quite a lucky ship. 

After siguing the contract our next business was getting an 
"outfit." As three years was a long time, I had made 
considerable calculations what was needed to fit myself out; 
but I am sure that, had my list been presented to the shipping 
gentlemen, it would have surprised them very much. But our 
minds might have rested easy on that score. 

We received our "protections" after signing. (A protection 
is a certificate given by the U. S. Port Collector to all American 
seamen, as a proof of their nationality and right of protection 
when in a foreign country, on presentation to the U. S. Consul 
there resident). We were told to present ourselves at nine 

o'clock the next morning at the outfitting store of C S 

& Co., to be fitted out. the clerk admonishing us to "look 
sharp, for those who failed to be punctual would come short." 

The next morning, punctually at nine, we presented ourselves, 
and were kept dancing around the warehouse until eleven, 
when, the punctual clerk being ready, the crews of both ships, 
Ontario and Maria, were led upstairs. Here I found several 
clerks standing on and behind a long counter, at the back of 
which, as usual, extended rows of shelving containing clothing, 
bedding, tinware, etc. The clerks, with sleeves rolled up and 
pencils behind their ears, seemed ready for the fray. I was not 
the first nor the last called, but that was no consequence, as we 
all fared alike, from first to last. The description of the opera- 
tion as I went through it answers for all, with this variation 
only : in the commencement some of the boys objected to 
articles given to them, such as a shirt being too small, or pants 
too large; but all "grumbling," as the clerks called it, had 
stopped long before my turn arrived, fi>r the grumblers were 
politely told to take what was given them or go without — a rule 
the shippers would not only put in practice, but charge you for 
the article whether taken or not. 

A small, thin, black-whiskered man, one of the firm, sat at a 
desk in the upper end of the room, calling off the names. 
When he commenced his voice was clear and distiuct. but when 
my name was called it had become so husky and coarse that I 
was in doubt about presenting myself; but being assured, I 
stepped forward, when clerk No. 1 bawled out "one chest," 
>huving a poor, two by four deal client towards me. As I 
opened the chest, clerk No. 2 yelled "shirts, two thick, two 
thin," meaning two woolen and two hickory shirts; No. ::, 
"pants, one thick, two thin" (one pair of woolen pants, two 
pair of thin pants); No. 4, "one jacket, one coat; No. 1, "one 
brogans, two sea pumps" (one pair of shoes, two pairs of slip- 
pen); No. 2, "two socks (pairs), one cap, sou-wester, tarpau- 
lin;" No.::, "bed quilt, blanket," No. 4, '' razor, strap, box, 
brush, soap;" No. 1, 'twenty tobacco (pounds!, pipes (six), 
lamp," No. 2, " thread, needles, scissors, jack-knives;" No. .'), 

pot, pan, spoon;" No. 1. "jump around now and pack up 



your traps somewhere else, and let the next come along." 

I had stowed the things into the chest anyhow, as they 
threw them to me, and before I could complain of the scanti- 
ness of the outfit for a three years' voyage, I was hustled out of 
the way, and in one corner of the room put the things in a little 
order, feeling so chagrined I could have cried had I been alone 
at the imposition, for which there was no redress. 

These articles were of the very poorest quality, and could 
have been bought for less than fifteen dollars at any slop shop, 
and would have beeD considered dear at that prise. Our shipping 
firm, C S & Co., charged us the modest sum of sixty- 
three dollirs for them. Of course our bills were uot presented 
to us until we were out at sea, when we could neither refuse 
the articles nor dispute the price. 

After considerable trading one with another, for all the big 
boys had the little shirts and the little boys the big pants, one 
of the clerks marked our names and the ship's name on our 
chests with paint, telling us to take the keys, but the chest and 
c >ntcnts he would hold on to until we were safe on board our 
ship, which would be that evening, as a schooner had been 
engaged to take us to Edgartown. Hastily eating dinner we 
went on the schooner, finding our chests on board, and, after a 
pleasant sail, arrived along side the vessel, at anchor at Vino- 
yard Bay, about sundown. 

The ship Maria, of Nautucket, burden about three hundred 
and fifty or four hundred tons, had been in the whaling service 
many years; in fact, she was what sailors call a "regular old 
bruise water." She was a four boat ship, that is, she had four 
boats on her cranes to lower for whales; and four spare boats 
over the quarter deck. Twenty-five hundred barrels of oil were 
considered a full ship, and the fore mast hands were to have 
the one hundred and sixtieth lay — one barrel out of every one 
hundred and sixty captured during the voyage. A barrel of 
oil, thirty-six gallons, was worth at that time about forty 
dollars. The ship's crew, when complete, numbered thirty-two 
souls, via., one captain, four mates, four boat-steerers, one cooper, 
one carpenter, one blacksmith, one steward, one cook and eigh- 
teen men before the mast. As there were only eleven fore-mast 
hands shipped for the Maria,, we lay at Edgartown six days, in 
hopes that the shippers would succeed in getting us our com- 
plement. The day before we sailed, my old companion from 

Philadelphia, Harry P came on board, he having shipped 

at New Bedford for the Maria, and our captain concluded 
not to wait longer, but to try and ship six Portuguese at the 
Azores. 

( To be continued ) 



CHINESE KIITES. 



nnHB flying of kites is a favorite amusement among the 
L juveniles in this country and in Europe, and there arc few 
boys who do not take a pride in having a large, nicely orna- 
mented and well made kite, with plenty of cord, and well 
ballasted with tail and wings. In England it is the ambition 
of many boys to have what they call a " man kite," that is a 
kite fully as tall as or taller than the average man, some of 
them standing more than six feet high. To make a kite as 
large as this so that it will fly well one needs to be an expert; 
and to show it to advantage considerable cord is needed, and 
strong at that, for when up it will "pull" pretty tight. Some- 
times a lighted lantern is attached to the tails of these "man 
kites," and their owners fly them at night, when they present 
a rather singular appearance, and an' the centre of attraction 
to all the boys in the neighborhood, for among the people of 
Europe and America, this pastime is confined wholly to the 
boys. It is not so in the far easl in China and Japan. There 
older folks are very fond of Hying kites, indeed it is one of their 
favorite national pastimes, just as base ball and cricket are 





104: 



JUVBISriLE IE-STRUCTOR. 



liere; and if you want to see the perfection of kite making and 
kite flying you can see it only in those countries. lo most 
branches of art the people of the East aie far behind the 
Western nations; but in others, and among them carving, jug- 
gling, slight of hand, and flying and making kites, they are 
ahead of everybody. Simple and childish as the latter seems 
tn us, it is a great art as conducted in China, skill and ingenuity 
of a high order being shown in the way it is done there. 
Chinese kites are uot sma 1, flat, simple machines, such as some 
or you amuse yourselves with sometimes, but many of them 
are globular, ol large size, and beautifully ornamented, aud 
in making them one must possess a good deal of taste and 

skill. 

A French writer, who travelled in China, referring to this 
peculiar national game of the Chinese, says: 

" 1 have seen in numerous instances a kite which becomes a 
flying dragon, a flying eagle, or a flying mandarian, seven 
yards in circumference, lighted, and given motion and gesture. 
They construct these wonderful things without fails, a pecu- 
liarity which implies extraordinary art; and so dexterously 
manage their equilibrium, that they rise calmly, steadily, with- 
out any of the jerks of our kite-flying, and float, glittering like 
s'.ars, vertically above the head of the cord-holder. They fit a 
kind nf .Kalian apparatus to them, almost imperceptibly small, 
which imitates the songs of birds or the voices of men, and, 
wheu the air is crowded with kites, produces a tremendous 
an I they send "messengers" up the curds with au 
incomprehensible dexterity." 

Tie ■- nue writer mentions another very curious toy, common 
amo „• ihe Chinese, in the making of which a good deal of skill 
,i ,•! patience nmst he necessary, He describes it as follows: 

'' Another -inguhr musical invention deserves special rrotiee. 
They make iE -lian harps hardly heavier than soap-bubbles, 
but beautifully worked, and allix them to the tails ol doves and 
pigeons, fastening them to the two central feathers; as the 
I. n.ls strike the air, it resounds through their harps, loudly or 
pathetically, according to the speed of their flight. Nor are 
these liny triumphs of ingenuity merely mechanical inutilities, 
lik 90 many Chinese curios; they serve to save the birds from 
the claws of the vultures which swoop in ominous flocks above 
the bastions." 

Only think of beautifully worked musical instruments little 
■ i n. heavier than a soap-bubble 1 It is rather difficult to 
, but almost all published accounts of travels in China 
t II about the great ingenuity ol the people in making nick- 
nacks :v\'\ notions of this kind, hence there is iro particular 

i in to disbelieve what is said about the iEoliao harps, no 
r tli in - inp-b ibbles. But it is not at all unlikely that we 
shall have the chances to find out the truth or olherwise of 
tfa travelers' tales without going to Chiua, for thou- 
sands "l' ! Iiini.-- aii- now emigrating to the United States, 
and as they do not forsake their old habits nor their old reli- 
gion, but practice tie-in after they settle here, they may also 
introduce Borne of their national pastimes. If they do the 
■ folks of this country may hare a chance to admire the 

I. lauty and to learn the mysteries of the art of Hying and mak- 

muine Chinese kites, as well as their -Kiliun harps and 
ith r trifles in the manufacture of which the natives of the 
''Flow iry Lin 1 are sail to display such wonderful skill. 



if 

.a 



In KINO tie time ol Henry VI 1 1, the prices of beef, pork, 
. tc, were fixed by law. Beef and pork were a halfpenny a 
pound; mutton was thro .■ farthings. This act was repealed in 
.on-.. 'he complaints against high prices. It was at 
this time butchers were directed to sell their meat by weight— 
iii 1370. "Theb st pig or goose sold for four pence; a good 
cap ei fbi tlin i" four pei and a chicken for a penny.' 1 



S$tec1U& f^eftfu 




we ^"r,:e six: l i -j 

GIRLS. 



TLE 



A CHILDISH DIALOGUE. 



I. 

I'm a little country lassie, 

I can iron, churn and bake, 
Wash the dishes, feed the poultry, 

Mix a famous Johnny-cake; 
Kide the hoises down to water, 

Drive the cows to pastures green — 
1 would not exchange my Btation, 

For the throne of England's Queen. 

II. 

Mother calls me little student; 

I can cipher, read and spell, 
Draw a map or hound a county, 

And In "mental" I excel; 
I shall climb the tree of knowledge, 

To its very top will go. 
Then success will crown my efforts, 

Teacher says — and ain't It so ''. 

III. 

I am nothing Imt a noodle, 

Mother told mc so to-day, 
But I really cannot study 

When the very fields are gay. 
Birds are calling from the tree-lops— 

Spring is waking lake and rill; 
You may mope o'er prosy lessons-, 

I will be a noodle still. 

IV. 

I'm a little city maiden, 

You would know this by my style; 
Quite unlike those country rustics 

With their broad, uncourteous smile, 
I'll not soil my hands by labor, 

Mine were made lor higher things; 
l'apa calls mc "Little angel," 

Ml I lack, he says, are wings. 



I'm my mother's little helper, 

And I am happy all day long; 
I can bring dear papa's slippers, 

Sing the Imdy's cradle song. 
1 can rock him till he slumbers, 

Make him smile from dreamland shore; 
Kun a thousand ways for mother; 

Can a little till do more 1 

VI. 

I's mamma's little darling, 

Don't you llnd I's fresh and swed, 
With these roses at my shoulder, 

And my muslin dress so neat V 
Mamma made it (list on purpose 

'Cause I's goin' to speak to you-, 
It is lovely, don't you link so? 

Wish 'twas yours? 1 bet you do. 



vJTJ-VEl^TILE UsTSTI^TJ-CTOK, 

Ib published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVER? OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 

T E RMS IN A I) VANC K 
Hinyle Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

{*" Grain brought to ibis City for the .Iivenilk Instkuctor will 
be received m the office of our paper— Desbubt Nkws Ktm.nimis 



2-.. 




