iM^- 




VOL. XV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1880. 



NO. 3. 



CANYONS OF THE COLORADO. 



IV 



IT is the opinion of eminent geologists that the canyons of 
the Colorado, between^ 110° and 115° west, were formed at 
that period of the earth's geological history known as the 
commencement of the Tertiarj-, or, if earlier, little could 
have been done before the elevation of the mountains after 
the Cretaceous period. The pi-esent hight of the plateau is si.x 
or seven thousand feet. The canyon is three hundred miles 
long, and has walls! of rock 
from three to six thousand feet 
high. These walls arc sections 
of horizontal strata, ranging, 
for the principal jiart of their 
extent, from the granite to the 
top of the Carboniferous; and, 
higher up the stream, t(i the 
top of the Cretaceous. The 
whole bears undoubted evi- 
dence, according to Newbeny, 
that it was cut out by the 
action of running water. 

'i'lie geology of this remark- 
able country is different t(j 
that of any other cc^untry. 
The table lands are level witli 
the exception of masses of 
rock standing liere and there, 
just as tliey have been eroded 
by the action oi" water and I he 
atmospliere, the softer ma- 
terial Inning licen worn away 
and washed down into the 
canyons, to be removed event- 
ually to the sea. 

J}y examining thc^ picture, 
a good idea njay be fornjed of 
tlic general ciiaracter of the 
scenery. Into the larger can- 
yons .«ide canyons contriltnte 
their smaller streams, broiigbl 
down from the table lands, arjd 
thus incessantly tin; cmiyons 
arc liecoming deeper. .Many 
of the canyon walls arc nearly 




vertical up to the terrace. Here and there cataracts and 
waterfalls rush along. At times, when the streams are much 
swollen by heavy rains, immense boulders are washed down. 
Let us ijicture to ourseh'es vertical walls over a mile in hight 
in some places, and the width between them diminished to a 
few feet. At the bottom of these canj'ons the sun never shines. 
By looking upward fiom them, in broad daylight, nothing but 

the stars can be seen in the 
blue canopy above. Rushing 
along the bottom of a gorge of 
this frightful character, the 
wild waters, tumbling over the 
rocks, carry everything before 
them. 

Fancy these waters being 
traveled over by brave men 
who know not how soon they 
may be buried in the waters! 
No wonder tlie Indians have 
traditions of the overwhelming 
destriu'tion that awaits the 
while man who dares to brave 
the I'ury of their mythological 
go<l! 

Down in these grand, gloomy 
dei)ths the mad waters keej) 
up a constant roar. In some 
jilaees the sides are as black as 
iiiidiiiglit, the rock being ba- 
-;ilt, like the "black rock" of 
wliieli the foundation of tlie 
Tem)ile at St. Cieorge is built. 
In <jthcr i)laees a flaming red, 
like the red saiid>tone of which 
ilii' supeistrneture of that 
temple is built, is found. In 
several jilaces there are im- 
menso towering walls of tlio 
linest marldo. Kverylhing is 
nil I lie granilest scale of mag- 
nitude; but all silent, except 
tlie roaring of the waters; and 
;ill dark and gloomy, excejit 



^ 



^v 





S6 



J-TJ"\^E2<riI-.El i:tTSTI?.TJCTOE., 




now and then when a side canyon is reached, or the canyon 
itself widens to enable the traveler to get a glimpse of the sky 
above. 

These are only a few of the sights which wore seen by the 
explorers of the canyons of the Colorado. 

The names of the side canyons, whose streams flow into the 
Colorado, are: the A'irgen, Kanab, Paria, Escalante, Dirty 
Pevil, San Rafael, Price and Uintah, on the west, the Grand, 
Yarapa, ir5an Juan and Colorado Chiquito on the east. All 
of these have cut for themselves windiLg gorges, or deep 
canyons. 

These canyons are well known to many of our people, 
bordering as they do upon our settlements. 

That all this. country through which the Colorado and its 
tributaries pass, will eventually be settled by the white 
man, there can be no question, so far as the land is capable of 
affording sustenance to man or beast. At present, that portion 
of domain within this Territory, is comparatively little known. 
That the Uintah range of mountains have minerals of value, 
is determined; and that large sections of the country are 
adapted to stock raising, is also known. The introduction of 
numerous Indians, as contemplated by the government, accor- 
ding to reiiort, may retard the settlement of this country for 
a time. But, with the methods pursued by our people in 
civilizing the Indians, even this may be turned to advantage, 
in redeeming the wa.ste places. 

As to the plateaus themselves, it will j.irobably be many 
ages before they are habitable. Local storms of great violence 
occasionally arise, at which times gi'cat changes are made; 
but it will take centuries of such action to make this wild 
country available for settlement. All the mountain forms of 
this region are due to erosion; all the can.vons were carved out 
by running water. Explorers tell us that hundreds of feet in 
thickness, and hundreds of thousands of square miles in 
extent, beds of granite and schist, beds of marble and sand- 
stone, .shales and adamantine lava, have been crumbled into 
dust, wa.shed down into the canyon rivers, and carried away to 
the sea. Such is the Coforado region to-day, and such it has 
licen for ages; had the conditions of rainfall been different, it 
might have resulted in the formation of hills, slopes ami 
fertile valleys. AVhat the condition may be in the future, 
only time can dL-^closc. 



PREJUDICE VS. PtEASON, 




OUI! KMcrs who are abroad upon missions meet with all 
kinds of characters, and have an excellent chance to 
study human nature in all its phases. Occasionally they find 
a person who will listen to reason, and who is honest enough 
to acknowledge truth, and bold enough to accept it when it is 
pointed out to him, even by despi.scd "Mormon" Klders. It 
is far more generally the case, though, that they find people 
too indifferent to investigate religion, or too bigoted and 
jirejudiced to glisten to reason or accept truth coming from 
such a source. Persecution is the argument this latter cla.ss 
resort to when they are at a loss for any other to refute what 
the Elders teach. 

As an illustration of these opposite spirits, Elder G. E. 
Hill, who' is 'now upon a mission in Tennessee, sends us the 
following account of a conversation that occurred between two 
men in that region: 

Mr. Pkhki.ns— "Mr. Davidson, can j-on point to any passage 
in the New. Testament that positively forbids a man having 
more than one wife at a time?" 



Mr. Davidson— "To be sure I can, Mr. Perkins." 

Mr. P. — "Then I wi.sh j-ou would do it; for I was positive 
I could when I read the works of these 'Mormon' Elders, 
but, to my surprise, the Scripture does not read as I thought it 
did." 

3[r. D. — "Just turn to Matthew xix. , 9. Does it not say 
that if a man puts away his wife, save for the cause of fornica- 
tion, he only causes her to commit adultery, etc." 

Mr. P. — "Butit is silent about men taking more wives than 
one and supporting them all at the same time without putting 
any away." 

Mr. D. — "But, Mr. Perkins, does not the teachings of 
Paul tell us that a bishop should be the husband of one wife, 
and what more conclusive evidence do you want than that?" 

Mr. P. — "But Paul does not say that he shall be the husband 
of only one wife, and he may have meant the husband of one 
wife at least, or in other words, a married man. I was just 
as positive one week ago that I could knock their arguments 
all into a cocked hat as soon as they touched the New Testament 
as you are; but I found I was mistaken." 

Mr. D. — "I think, Mr. Perkins, that these men should be 
run out of our midst. I would not listen to them, nor read 
any of their books." 

!Mr. P. — "But 1 believe "n following the admonition of Paul, 
that is, to 'prove all things and hold fast to that which is 
good.' I do not believe in judging before hearing." 

Mr. D. — "Why, these men say that Joe Smich saw an 
angel. Now I am willing to certify before high heaven, and 
risk my chances, that he never saw an angel; but that it is a 
humbug such as we ai e cautioned about in the New Testament, 
when in. the last days perilous times should come and then 
should false prophets arise, etc." 

Mr. P. — "Mr. Davidson, I would hardly be willing to go that 
far. What good would it do for you to certify to any such 
thing here in Tennessee, when the angel is said to have appeared 
to him in New York, and other places that you never saw. 
You are a preacher, after the Baptist persuasion. You will 
preach to the people, invite them to the anxious seat, and pray 
over them; then they will get up, say that God appeared to 
them, or that they .saw a light, and felt that their sins were 
forgiven. Is not this the case?" 

Mr. D.— "To be sure." 

Mr. P. — "Well, is it any more miraculous for an angel to 
appear to man, and talk with him, and reveal things to him 
than it is for your people to see the things which they testify 
to?" 

^Ir. D. — ''I tell you, Mr. Perkins, these are dangereous men, 
and I think they should be driven out. I am surprised 
that the governor allows them to stay in the State." 

Mr. P. — "This is a free country, Mr. Davidson, and as for 
these men, I have conversed with them, and I find them to 
be perfect gentlemen, as far as I can judge; and I have read 
one of their books that throws more light on the scriptures 
than any work I ever .saw, although I have been a .scripture 
reader for years. I think they should be encouraged in the 
]ilace iif being lied about and ridiculed by men who profess to 
be ministers of the gospel." 



Ai.L that we call progress — civilizaticin, widl-being and pros- 
perity — depends upon industry, diligently applied — from the 
culture of a barley-stalk to the construction of a steamship; 
from the stitching of a collar to the sculpturing of "the .statue 
that enchants the world." 





J-Cr^EITIIL.E IlsrSTI?.TJOTOK/. 




SPONGES. 




As before noticed in our columns, the sponiie belongs to the 
animal kingdom. For a long time the nature of this 
creature was problematical, but now zoologists have thoroughly 
examined the animal and determined its true position among 
organized beings. The sponge structure consists of two dis- 
tinct ]iarts: the tough ma.?s, which is the skeleton of the 
animal, and the soft, semi-transparent, milky mass, which can 
be pres.sed out of the living sponge by stamping upon it with 
the foot, or by pressing under any hard substance. This is 
the way in which the sponge is prepared for market when it 
is obtained by the sponge fishers. It is then washed and 
dried for market. It is, when first found, a very diflerent 
thing to the sponge which we are used to jirocuring for toilet 
or other use. To prepare it properly it ha.s to be freed from 
sand, slime and other impurities. 

By noticing the structure of the piece of sponge here rep- 
resented it can be seen how the water currents pass out of 
the larger pores of the animal. The interior cavities keep up 
a circulation by ciliary action, that is, hair-like filaments are 
kept in constant motion by the animal, by which the water is 
drawn in through the smaller pores and pushed along in a 
cun-ent. 

In reality, the 
sponge is comiiosed 
of a multitude of 
small animals, which 
are all laboring for 
the benefit of the 
entire communitj'; 
and yet each tiny 
animal has its own 
individuality, the 
whole of them being 
lield together by tlie 
living soft mass of 
matter, somewhat 
like the white of an 
egg in consistency. 
The olyect in keep- 
ing up a contiiuious current of water i.s tu obtain food. 
Minute si)ores and fragments of matter fit for sustaining life 
are absorbed info the si)ongy mass, to build up its tissues, the 
same as with other and higher beings in the scale of animal 
existence. 

Professor Huxley ciiniiiarcs tlic sp(jnge to "a sub-ai|iic(]iis 
city, where tlic people are arranged about the streets and 
roads in such a manner that each can appropriate his food 
from tlie water as it pas.sos along." 

If we look at the picture we shall see how the waters cniply 
tlieni.selves again into the ki-,i, into wliidi llii^y carry oil' 
impurities and waste materials of no use to the sponge uiilnial 
for food. 

'i'liere are many names given to sponges to ilesignalc tlu' 
ditreretit varieties. S(une are called "cups." TIh.'m- air 
ordinarily cup-sliaped, such as the "Nejitune's cup," shown 
in our hust number. Then there are '"toilets" of all sorts ami 
sizes, and "honey-combs," wliicli are ns('d lor baths. Again 
we have "cai-riage sponges" and "brown turkey." 'J'h(^se two 
kinds are of coarser consistence, varying greatly in size, tongli- 
ncs-s and apiiearancc. Then there arc tlic common or "l)o;ii 
sponges," from tlie West Indies, of white or yellow tissues, 
known iw "sliecp-wool," "velvet sponge," a sort with brown 




A I'IKCK Ol'" SPO.NOE, .SHOWINC. TlIK 
OLTOOING WATER fUKUKNTS. 



tissue, coarse "hardhead," "grass sponge," "glove sponge" 
and "reef sponge." These two last are regarded as the best 
sorts; but the finer kinds of "turkey sponges" are considered 
the best in the market. 



THE LAWS OF THE NEPHITES. 



BY G. R. 



"\1 TE next enter into the consideration of the law as it 
' ' existed under the judges, gathering our information 
from various passages in which it is directly referred to, or 
wherein some historical incident is narrated which throws light 
on its powers and manner of execution. 

NEPHITE LAW IN THE DAYS OF THE JUDGES. 

From the death of King Mosiah II. (B. C. 91), the govern- 
mental authority was vested in a chief judge and other subor- 
dinate judges and oflicers, all of whom were elected by "the 
voice of the people," to judge according to the laws which had 
been given to, and accepted by, the people. Their authority 
was defined by the law (the code of Mosiah), but within the 
bounds therein prescribed, they appear to have held unre- 
stricted powers. (This was especially ,so in the ca.se of the 
chief judge. ) No civil council or parliaments divided with the 
chief executive the authority to make war or conclude peace, 
to decide the terms of treaties or frame enactments for the 
regulation of public affairs. No direct statement is made of 
the length of the term that a judge remained in ofiice, but 
irom the historical narrative we gather the idea that they 
were elected for life, or during good conduct. We have 
instances of judges resigning, but none of their removal by the 
people because their term of office had expired. Each city or 
"land" appears to have had its chief judge or ruler as well as 
its inferior magistrates, all of whom were responsible to the 
chief judge of the whole nation, who.se seat of government 
was located in the Nephite capital, Zarahemla, when the city 
was not in the hands of Lamiinite traitors. 

The manner of conducting elections is not clearly defined. 
The result is always spoken of as "the voice of the people." 
The mode of procedure was uniform, that is, it was the same 
"throughout the land" (p. 202). In the election of the first 
chief judge (Alma the younger), the people "assembled 
themselves in bodies throughout all the hind to cast in their 
voices" (p. 2.")2), which conveys the iinpre.-sion that they 
dcclarial their choice vlnicocf, or by acclamation, rather than by 
lot or ballot. It is quite po.ssible that the methods were entirely 
dissimilar to any known at modern elections; this, however, 
is but conjecture. 

When the sentimonts of the people were greatly divided 
and party fceliriLrran very liii.'h, the oppixing factions assembled 
in sc))arate bodies througiiout the land to cast in their voices, 
as in the attempt to make Andici king (p. 2;!7). The dcisions 
of the |ieople in these as.seiublies or mass meetings "were laid 
licfiire the judges" (p. 2:17), who prolaiuied the result. In cases 
where the petition was made tor any particular object, or for 
a change in the law, the judge direiicd that a special election 
( ii' W(^ may so term it) be held, and the re>ulls were proclaimed 
according to the voice of the pi'ople, as a whole, or if they 
were divided, ucc^ording to llic voice of the majority. 

I'nder the code of .Mosiah, the judges received wages 
".•ici'ording to the time which lh(!y labored to judge those who 
were brought belore them to be judged" (p. 2(i I), and their 
wages .were ii .seniuo of gold, or its eipiivulent, a scnine 





S8 



CTTJ'^EI^II-iE IZDTSTIE^/TJOTOT^. 




silver, for each day that they were thus employed (p. 265). 
As the Nephites had changed the names and values of their 
coins from the old Hebrew standards, we have no direct way 
of judging from the record how liberally these officers were 
remunerated. Lawyers, also, were "hired and appointed by 
the people to administer the law at the time of their trial-;" 
it is presumable these acted in behalf of the republic 
in the capacity that a prosecuting attorney of the United 
States does. If trial by jury was in vogue among the Nephites, 
we have not been able to find any reference to that methi^d; 
indeed the evidence is altogether in favor of the idea that the 
judge decided on the guilt or innocence of ths accused, and. if 
adjudged guilty, passed sentence on the culprit. The corrup- 
tions of these lawyers and judges, early becamr-, in .some por- 
tions of the land, the foundation of the destruction of the 
government (p. 264). 

When the chief judge was elected, he took an oath of office, 
and it is presumable that the lesser officers did the same. 
The nature of that oath can be easily understood by referring 
to the case of Pahoran (p. 38G). "He was appointed chief 
judge and governor over the people, with an oath and sacred 
ordinance to judge righteou>ly, and to keep the peace, and 
the freedom of the people, and grant unto them their sacrad 
privileges to worship the Lird their God; yea, to sujjport 
and maintain the cause of God in all his days, and to brin^: 
the wicked to justice, according to their crime." 

The punishment of corruption, or malfeasance in office wa^ 
especially provided for. King Mosiah explains the provisions 
of the kw on this subject in the following language (p. 231): 
"And now if ye have judges, and they do not judge you accord- 
ing to the law whi.-h has been given, ye can cause that they 
may be judged of a higher judge: if your higher judges do 
not judge righteous judgements, ye .shall cause that a small 
number of your lower judges .should be gathered together, and 
they shall judge your higher judges according to the voice of 
the people." The.se saf'guards became strong bulwarks for 
the protection of the rights of the individual and the preserva- 
tion of the liberty of the whole people. 

When Alma, the first chief judge, resigned that office, so 
that he might devote all his time and energies to the work of 
saving the souls of men, he nominated or sugge.-ted his suc- 
cessor; but whether this was simply a courtesy extended 
to him by the people, on account of their great love for his 
person and respect for his judgment, or whether it was a 
provit-ion of the law, is not plain. The pa.ssage states that 
Alma chose Nephihah as his successor, and gave him power, 
according to the voice of the people, to enact laws, accord- 
ing to the laws which had been given, and to put them in 
force according to the wickedness and crimes of the people 
(p. 244). 

The rights of the people were;* 

PEllSON.\L LIBERTY: 

It was contrary to the law of Mosiah "that tlierc should be 
any slaves among" the Nephites (p. .31.5). 

EQCALITV BEFORE THE I,.AW: 

No privcleged classes. Every man to "enjoy his rights and 
priveieges alike." 

UNIEORMITV OF T.\X.\TION: 
The burden of supporting the government fell on all the 
citizens, "that every man might bear his part" (p. 232). 

THE ELECTIVE FRANCHISE: 

Whether the suffrage was confined to men, or universal, or 
limited by any particular restrictions does not plainly appear. 



* — The people had doubtless other rights which wc have failed to notice, 
(hat arc not mentioned by the writers in the Book of Mormon. 



THE RIGHT OF PETITIOX: 

As examples of the exercise of this right we introduce 
the following: At the time when Pahoran was chief judge a 
part of the people desired "that a few particular points of 
the law should be altered" (p. 387). The chief judge refused 
to alter the law, whereupon a portion of the people petitioned 
him, and he directed that an election he held, or rather that 
the voice of the whole nation be appealed to. This being 
done, the result proved that the majority of the people 
objected to a change. Again, Moroni, the commander-in-chief 
of the Nephite armies, sent a petition to the chief judge for 
power to compel certain dissenters to help defend their country 
against national enemies, or to put them to death. His 
request being according to the voice of the people, the desired 
power was given to him. Here we have instances of the 
right of petition exercised, in one case by a large body of the 
people, and in the other by a single though important indi- 
vidual. Both were extraordinary ciri^um stances, and in the 
latter ca.so it appears to have required the all-powerful vox 
poptiJi to give validity tothe action of the executive. 
Tti be Continued. 



rauels \\ 




BY WILLIAJI FOTHERINGHAJI. 



iContiiined.) 

MESSRS. Booth and Collis were partners in the indigo 
bu.siness, having two plantations across the River Ganges, 
named respectively Koorsun and Thurroa. IMr. Collis resided 
with his family at the former, and Jlr. Booth at the latter. 
Their bungalow in Allahabad, known by the name of Sallooree, 
was situated on an eminence, beyond which was an extensive, 
low sand plain, that came to an acute point where the waters 
of the rivers Ganges and Jumna mingle together. 

In addition to these two sacred rivers the more knowing 
among the Hindoos, claim that an invisible river flows from 
heaven and mingles with the others at this point, which can 
only be seen by the very faithful. During the months of 
January and February of each j-ear, Hindoos gather from all 
parts of India, for the purpose of attending to certain ablutions 
for their own sins, as well as for the benefit of their dead 
relatives. 

Our sojourn in Allahabad ha]ipened to be in February,^ when 
the festival was at its highest point of excitement. ' The 
jilain nearest the confluence of the rivers was, packed with 
pilgrims (a great many of whom assumed the role of 
beggars), and dotted with booths and tents, which were prin- 
cipally occupied by barbers and fiikirs The former attended 
to the hair cutting and shaving, while the latter said prayers 
for those of the pilgrim -i who had no faith in their own 
petitions. The labor performed, in shaving and praying, had 
invariably to be paid for in advance. On the arrival of pil- 
grims, they generally looked dirty and jaded, and as if neither 
sci-ssors nor razor had been used upon their heads and faces for 
years. From forty to fifty thousand attended this festival ilail.y. 

A part of this festival consisted in being shaved and having 
the hair con.^igned to the sacred waters referred to, and the 
pilgrims would emerge from the barber's booths with their 
newly shaven heads resembling a peeled onion. 

The fakirs were a most miserable looking .set of beings. 
They were religious devotees, who spent their lives in torturing 



[■J^ 




^Jl^ 



^t. 



CrTJ"^ElTILE IltTSTI^TJaTOK., 



S9 





themselves in various ways. Many of them hai traveled to 
Allahabad by measuring the distance with their bodies; that 
is, they prostrated themselves '.ipon the ground, stretched 
out their hands, and made a mark, offered a brief prayer, 
arose to their feet, placed their toes at the mark, stretched 
themselves upon the ground, marked and prayed again, and so 
continued, sometimes going hundreds of miles in this manner. 

Messrs. Booth and Collis had the Sallooree fitted up for 
their accomodation, with the necessary quota of servants to 
run the establishment and made it their home when in Alla- 
habad. Shortly after our arrival, they returned to their 
factories, leaving us in charge of the Sallooree, with the 
servants to wait upon us, requesting us to feel at home, and, 
when convenient, to visit t'uem at theti- factories over the river. 

We fixed up the largest room in the bungalow for a tem- 
porary meeting house, and hired a cooly to visit every bun- 
galow in Allahabad and leave with the inmates a pamphlet 
explanatory of the first principles of the gospel, also a circular, 
notifying them that we would hold meetings at the Sallooree 
bungalow. When the time of meeting arrived we had one 
visitor, who was rather shy. When he learned that he was 
the only one who had come to give us an audience he left, 
making the plea that he would return as soon as we got a 
congregation. However, we never got a cjngregation and he 
never returned. This was about the extent of our success in 
Allahabad. 

We found the people in this ^titiou more hateful towards 
us than in any of the other places we had visited. This was 
principally brought about through the agency of the pulpit 
and the press, as both were arrayed against us, to prejudice 
our cau^e in the minds of the people. The result was that, 
excepting the kindness of Messrs. Booth and Collis, we had a 
cold reception. The people were aristocratic and haughty, 
and surrounded with all the temporal comforts of life. How- 
ever, it often occurs, in the nature of ihing=, that weak 
mortals, become intoxicated with their own self-esteem, and 
occasionally meet with reverses to humble their haughtiness 
and pride. Such was the case with the Anglo-Indians of 
the north-we.-t provinces, and the inhabitants of Allahabad 
came in for their share of .suffering in the Sepoy mutiny. 

I will here state that as soon as it was announced that the 
mutiny had spread to Delhi, the Sixth Bengal Native Infantry, 
who were stationed at Allahabad, made great pretentions cf 
loyalty to their officers, expres.sing the desire to be led against 
the mutineers of Delhi. 

On the sixth day of June, l.S.'iT, there were rumors of an 
outbreak in the city of Benares, and of the expected arrival df 
insurgents from that city in Allahabad. In this critical 
moment, the officers placed all confidence in the honesty and 
integrity of their Sepoy troojis. While at supper the native 
buglers sounded the alarm, which brought the officers hastily 
out of th(!ir mes.s-rooni, when many of them were shot down, 
and those who escaped the bullet, were rushed ui)on and 
slaughtered with the bayonet. 

To give my readers an idea of what followed, I will liere 
subjoin a brief extrtuit from "Chamber's history of the revolt 
in India:" 

"The Sepoys, joined by released prisoners and habitual 
plunderers, then commenced a scene of murder and devastation 
in all directions. 'I'he few Ivtudish wom(Ui who had not been 
so fortunate as to .seek refuge in the I'-.rt; were grossly outraged, 
before being put to death; the telegraph wires were cut; tli(' 
boats on the liver were seized; the treasury was plundered; 
the houses of native bankers, as well as those of Huropcan 



residenis were pillaged; and wild license reigned everywhere. 
Teirible were the deeds recorded; a whole family roasted alive; 
persons killed by the slow process of cutting off in succession 
ears, cose, fingers, feet, etc.; others chopped to pieces; children 
tossed on bayonets before their mothers eyes." 
( To he Coiitintii'(L) 



THE PRIZES. 



BY ,J. H. W. 



MRS. JONES was .sitting in the parlor, when the children 
returned from the Sabbath school. It was "prize 
day," as the children called it; that is, it was the day on 
which the children of the Sabbath school were rewarded for 
punctuality and good behavior during the past j'car. 

"I've got the finest prize," that was given in our class," 
said Thomas, "and I think I earned it, too," he added, "fori 
was punctual every Sabbath morning at ten o'clock, during 
the whole year, and I did my best to learn each lesson 
correctly. All the class admitted that I ought to have it." 

"I am glad," said jMrs. Jones, "that you have such a good 
feeling in your class, and still more glad that you are all satis- 
fied with the decision and judgment of those who awarded 
the prizes. The awarding of prizes is generally an unthankful 
task, for no one can expect to please everybody." 

"Isn't ray picture book a beauty?" said little Frances, as 
she rushed into the room, "three or four nice little stories in 
it besides." 

But Freddie stood by the window in silence, a shade of dis- 
appointment was on his brow, his lip quivered with emotion; 
a large tear gathered in his eye, and trickling down, fell on 
the plain blue covered book which he held in his hand. 

"Come here, m3' dear boy," said his mother, "and tell lue 
what makes you so sad." 

"I only received this," said Freddie, handing his mother a 
plain but valuable book, entitled Mi/ First Mission. 

!Mrs. Jones drew the aggrieved one closer to her side, and 
said, "Freddie, my dear boy, do you know that you have really 
the most valuable prize of all the children?" Then she read 
afiw pages, telling of the trials and triumphs of the young 
missionary; how God opened the w.iy and raised up friends to 
aid him, and made him u-eful in spreading the knowledge of 
the truth among the natives of the Sandwich Islands. 

"The Sandwich Islands!" exclaimed Thomas, "Is that the 
same group that I was reading about in 'The Life an 1 
A'oyages of (Japtain (.'ook?' " 

"Certainly it is," replied his mother, "and wc have a fcwof 
the natives of those islands living in Salt Lake City. Then 
there is another fact which we should remember," she added, 
"that is, that this little book was written, jirinted and bound 
by our own peojile, and we .should value it all the ni'ire on 
that account." 

"I say, Fred," said Thomas, "I'll Irailc you my book for 
yours, if you wish to." 

"Thank you, brother," replied l''red<lie, "I believe I will 
keep the book that was given me. 1 find that it contains 
much valuable instruction. And as it was written, printed 
and bound by our own people, it is an article of home manii- 
factuns and filher .vayi-, you know, that wo .should patronize 
liome productions as much as possible. In a few day.s the 
cover of your book will look no better than mine, and then 
my book will really be the most valuable. I thaiik you for 
yuiir kindness, but I biive concluded to keep the bouk my 
teacjier gave me. 





so 



CTTJ^Ein^IIljE in^STI^TJOTOK.. 




^;It«^ Jlitrenil^ Insfrnctoii. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 18S0. 




'i'^yi''^ . N the last number of Vol. 14 we tried to 

show our readers that there were more 

worthy objects for Latter-day Saints to 

•strive for than the mere acquirement of 

worldly wealth. We intimated that the 

time would come when the Lord would 

bestow wealth upon His faithful Saints. 

We may further say that unless the Lord is 

willing to grant us wealth it will be impos- 

e for us to get it. He can lock up or unlock 

treasures of the earth at His will. Years 

fore any gold or silver mines were dis-covered 



3t5^^sF in this region, President Young u.5cd to say, 
publicly, that he could stand in his doorway 
and see localities where there were the richest kind 
of mineral deposits. Yet he did not seek to obtain 
these treasures. He doubtless knew it would be 
useless for him to attempt it. The time had not 
come for the Saints to possess them. In a sermon which 
President Young delivered June 17, 1877, he said: 

"These treasures that are in the earth are carefully watched, 
they can be removed from place to place according to the good 
pleasure of Him who made them and owns them. He has 
His messengers at His service, and it is just aseasy lor an angel 
to remove the minerals from any part of one of these moun- 
tains to another, as it is for you and me to walk up and down 
this hall. This, however, is not understood by the Christian 
world, nor by us as a people. There are certain circumstances 
that a number of my brethren and sisters have heard me 
relate, that will demonstrate this so positively, that none need 
doubt the truth of what I say. 

"I presume there are some present who have heard me nar- 
rate a circumstance with regard to the discovery of a gold 
mine in Little Cottonwood Canyon, and I will here say that 
the specimens taken from it, which I have in my possession 
to-day, are as fine specimens of gold as ever were found on 
this continent. A man whom some of y<iu will well know, 
brought to me a mo.st beautiful nugget. I told him to let the 
mine alone. 

"When General Connor came here, he did considerable 
prospecting; and in hunting through the Cottonwoods, he 
had an inkling that there was gold there. Porter, as we 
generally call him, came to me one day, saying, 'They have 
struck within four inches of my lode; what shall I do?' Ho 
was carried away with the idea that he must do something. 
I therefore tnld him to go with the other brethren interested, 
and make his claim. When he got through talking, I said 
to him, 'Porter, you ought to know better; you have seen 
and heard things wJiieh I have not, and are a man of long 
experience in this Church. I want to tell you one thing: 
they may strike wiihin four inches of that lode as many 
times as they have a mind to, and they will not find it.' 
They hunted and hunted, hundreds of them did, and I had 



the pleasure of laughing at him a little, for when he went 
there again, he could not find it himself 

"Sometimes I take the liberty of talking a little further 
with regard to such thicgs. Orrin P. Rockwell is an eye- 
witness to some powers of removing the treasures of the 
earth. He was with certain parties that lived near by where 
the plates were found that contain the records of the Book 
of Mormon. There were a great many treasures hid up by 
the Nephites. Porter was with them one night where there 
were treasures, and they could find them easy enough, but 
they could not obtain them. 

"I will tell you a story which will be marvelous to most of 
you. It was told me Jiy Porter, whom I would believe just as 
quickly as any man that lives. When he tells a thing he 
understands, he will tell it just as he knows it; he is a man 
that does not lie. He said that on this night, when they were 
engaged hunting for this old treasure, they dug around the 
end of a chest for some twenty inches. The chest was about 
three feet square. One man who was determined to have the 
contents of that chest, took his pick and struck into the lid 
of it, and split through into the chest. The blow took off a 
piece of the lid, which a certain lady kept in her possession 
until she died. That chest of money went into the bank. 
Porter describes it so (making a rumbling sound); he says this 
is just as true as the heavens are. I have heard others tell 
the same story. I relate this because it is marevelous to you. 
But to those who understand these things, it is not marvelous. 

"You hear a great deal said about finding money. There is 
no difficult}' at all in finding money, but there are a great 
many people who do not know what to do with it when they 
do find it. This is the great defect with the human family. 
I could relate many very singular circumstances. I lived 
right in the country where the plates were found from which 
the Book of Mormon was translated, and I know a great 
many things pertaining to that countr}'. I believe I will take 
the liberty to tell you of another circumstance that will be as 
marvelous as anything can be. This is an incident in the life 
of Oliver Cowdery, but he did not take the liberty of telling 
such things in meeting as I take. I tell these things to you, 
and I have a motive for doing so. I want to carry them to 
the ears of my brethren and sisters, and to the children also, 
that they may grow to an understanding of some things that 
seem to be entirely hidden from the human family. Oliver 
Cowdery went with the prophet Joseph when he deposited 
these plates. Joseph did not translate all of the plates; there 
was a portion of them sealed, which you- can learn from the 
Book of Doctrine and Covenants. AV'hen Joseph got the 
plates, the angel instructed him to carry them back to the 
hill Cumorah, which he did. Oliver says that wtien he and 
Joseph went there, the hill opened, and they walked into 
a cave, in which there was a large and spacious room. He 
says he did not think, at the time, whether they had the light 
of the sun or artificial light; but that it was just as light as 
day. They laid the plates on ;. table; it was a large table that 
stood in the room. Under this table there was a pile of plates 
as much as two feet high and there were altogether in this 
room more plates than probably many wagon loads; they were 
piled up in the corners and along the walls. Tiie first time 
they went there the sword of Laban hung upon the wall; but 
when they went again it had been taken down and laid upon 
the table, across the gold plates; it was unsheathed, and on it 
was written the.se words: 'This sword will never be sheathed 
again until the kingdoms of this world become the kingdom 
of our God and his Christ.' " 







^ 



J"TJ^E!I<riI-.E IDNTSTI^TJCTOI?.. 



31 



FI^ESH-FEEDING- PLA.NTS. 



THE rnxjority oP plia's of the higher classes obtain most of 
the miteriih oi wtiioh thsy fjel from the sjil, by meana 
of their roots, or, in the case of water-plants (as the duck- 
weed), which are njt anchored to the soil, froaa the water in 



which they live. There is, however, a certain limited number 
of plants which obtain their nutriment in quite a different 
manner; and as the chief food of these plants consists of insects 
and other small animals, they have been termed insect-devour- 
ing, or flesh-feeding, or, in other words, carnivorous plants. 
If we go to a peat-bog in Earope and search in damp places, 




A liii )ri' 1)1' cAiiN; \ oums I'l.vNi's. 



^, 



Jji 




3S 



J-TJ^EITZLIE] in^STT?.TJOTO:£^. 




we shall be almost certain to find specimens of the pretty little 
plant known to botanists as the round leaved sundew (Droscm 
TiiliDidi/oliii). Its leaves, which are reddish in color, and 
from an inch to two inches long, grow close to the ground in 
the form of a rosette, from the center of which rise, in July 
and August, the flower-stalks, bearing each several small white 
flowers. If we take off a leaf and examine it, we shall find 
that the blade is roundish, and furnshed with a long stalk — in 
fact, resembling somewhat a flat spoon. The upper surface 
of the blade is covered with rather stout, erect, hair-like 
objects, each with a roundish head, which is covered with a 
sticky fluid. Bloreover, we shall observe that these hair-like 
bodies are longest at the eige of the leaf, and that they 
gradually diminish in length from the edge to the centre, 
where they are much shorter, and rather fewer in number. 
I have called these objects "hair-like," for such is their 
appearance, but they are not really hairs. Vegetable hairs 
are simply little bladders or cells elongated, instead of being 
globular, as in other parts of the plant. But the hair-like 
things on the sundew are much more complex in structure, as 
we shall see if we examine them with a microscope, and are 
built up of the various structures that enter into the com- 
position of the leaf, of which they are, in reality, prolongations. 
In fact, they differ as much from true vegetable hairs as one's 
fingers do from the hair of the head. It will therefore be 
convenient to use some other name, and we cannot do better 
than adopt the term "tentscles," which Mr. D.irwin has 
applied to them. 

We have already seen that the roundish heads of the 
tentacles are covered with a sticky fluid which is very tenacious 
and viscid, as we can learn by touching it with the end of a 
pin, and seeing what a long thread can be drawn up, just as 
might be done with strong mucilage or molasses. It is there- 
fore evident that if any small object, such as an insect or a 
seed, were to fall upon the sticky stuff', it would be retained, 
just as a fly is held by the molasses on to which it has foolishly 
ventured. Now, if we look closely at the leaves of the plants 
of sundew we shall discover that almost every leaf has got 
some small object entangled amongst its tentacles — flies, 
seeds, small leaves, and such like things — and, possibly, while 
we are in the act of looking, we may see a fly alight on a leaf 
and get its feet entangled on the sticky top of one of the 
outer tentacles. AYe may now watch the result, which, in 
most cases, will be as follows: 

(1st) The tentacle will very soon (often in less than a minute) 
begin to bend or incline itself towards the center of the leaf, 
and will continue to bend until the center is reached. 

(2nd) Soon after the tentacle that has the fly has begun to 
bend, the neighboring tentacles will commence to bend towards 
it, as if they, too, wished for a share of the prey. 

(3rd) The sticky fluid (which is known as the secretion o? 
the tentacles, because it is secreted or formed by their round 
heads or glands) begins to increase in quantity and envelope 
the fly, which, if still alive, is speedily killed by the secretion 
filling up its breathing-holes or spiracles. 

(-Ith) The fly, by the bending of the tentacles, is carried in 
a sort of rolling motion towards the centre of the leaf, and 
deposited amongst the shorter tentacles, the outer and 
longer tentacles being all incurved upon it and holding it 
there. 

(.ith) The edges of the leaf become more or less incurved, 
so that the blade of the leaf forms a kind of basin, at the 
bottom of which is the flv, held by the tentacles and copiously 
bathed in the sticky fluid or secretion. 



(Gth) After remaining in this position for many hours, or it 
may be for several days, the tentacles begin to unbend, and 
gradually return to their former erect position, the leaf becomes 
flit again, the secretion is less copious, or even dries up. and 
if we examine what is left of the fly we shall find that only 
the hard parts, such as the outer skin, wings, etc., remain, 
and that all the soft contents of the body have disappeared. 

But how has it been dissolved? Plants, as a rule, can take 
in food only in the form of a liquid or a gas. They have very 
little power to dissolve solids, and so utilize them for food in 
the way that animals do. The power, therefore, of dissolving 
solids, such as bits of meat, is by no means usual in plants, 
and we must try and find out how the stindew mansges to do it. 

We have seen that the objects which the sundew can act 
upon are precisely the things which an animal could use for 
food; and that those matters — such as hair, stones, the hard 
skin of insects, etc. — which the animal cannot u.se, are just 
those which the sundew also rejects. When an animal has 
put food into its stomach, the food is acted on chemically, or 
what is called digested, by the gastric juice, which consists of 
a ferment — called pepsin — and an acid, neither of which, when 
alone has the power of digestion. The secretion of the 
tentacles of the sundew contains an acid when it is acting; 
and if we compare the action of animal gastric juice on bits 
of meat with the action of the secretion of the sundew, it 
seems clear that some ferment — similar to, if not identical 
with, the animal ferment, pepsin — must be present in the 
sundew secretion. It has, moreover, been found that the 
secretion of the .sundew gives out under certain circumstances 
a strong smell of pepsin. But the reader who desires to learn 
more about this will do well to consult Mr. Darwin's "Insec- 
tivorous Plants," or some of theother works that have been 
written on the subject. 

The next example of a carnivorous plant that we will take 
is the one known as Venus' fly-trap {iJioiinii 7»uscijiula), 
which is a member of the sundew family. It is a native of 
North Carolina, and, like the sundew and butterwort, grows 
in damp places and has small roots. In cultivation it will 
grow very well in damp moss. The leaf has two lobes, placed 
at a little less than a right angle to each other. The margin 
of the leaf is prolonged into a row of long, sharp spikes, and 
about the centre of each lobe are three small teeth-like hairs 
or filaments. The color of the leaf is green, but its upper 
surface except near the edge, is covered with minute stalked 
glands (which may be seen with a magnifying-glass), of a 
reddish color. The stalk of the leaf, which is flat and wide 
is not furnished with these glands. 

If we take a fine needle or a bri.stle and lightly touch one 
of the filaments, the two lobes of the leaf will come rapidly 
together, and remain so closely applied to each other that it is 
difficult to separate them without tearing their substance; and 
even if we do succeed in forcing them apart, they will close again 
when released. They will, however, reopen of themselves in 
the course of a day or so. 

If any part of the leaf, except the filaments, is touched, no 
movement takes place, nor does blowing on the filaments, or 
dropping water on them, have any effect; from which we may 
learn that neither wind nor falling rain has any power of 
inducing the leaf to close. 

If a piece of meat or a crushed fly is laid on the leaf (care 
being taken to avoid touching the filaments), no immediate 
result will follow. Presently, however, the glands touched by 
the object, which were quite drj' before, begin to pour out a 
colorless acid fluid, and the lobes of the leaf gradually cloi-e. 



^ 



^ 






CrTJ^EZLTILIC I3^STI?.TJCTOI?.. 



33 





At first only the glands on which the meat or fly is lying 
secrete the fluid, but as the secretion flows ov?i ihe other 
glands — which the closing of the lobes will cause it to do by 
capillary attraction— many of these become affected, and 
begin to secrete, as may be seen by forcing the lobes suf- 
ficiently apart to see what is going on. 

This experiment may be repeated with a variety of sub- 
stances, and we shall find that it is only those which are 
''eatable" (or that contain soluble nitrogenous matter, such 
as meat), and which are, moreover, slightly damp, that cause 
the secretion to flow and the lobes to close. Substances con- 
taining no soluble nitrogenous matter (for example, bits of 
glass, wood, stone, etc.), or which, if they do, are dry, have 
no effect. 

After a leaf has closed on a bit of damp meat or on an 
insect, it does not open again fir many — perhaps twenty or 
thirty — daj^s, and after it has expanded it will be found to 
have lost much of its sensibility, and may possibly never 
recover it for the rest of its life, especially if its meal has 
been a large one. 

If we can persuade a living insect to walk on to a leaf and 
touch one of the sensitive filaments, we shall see the use of 
the rapid closing of the blades; unless the animal is very 
agile, it is caught and crushed between them, and. its juices 
being squeezed out induce the secretion to flow. If, however, 
the insect is onlj' a small one, it may escape pressure, and as 
it is consequently not damp, the leaf soon expands again, as 
no fluid has been secreted. The use of the comb-like edge 
of the leaf seems al>o to be for the purpose of permitting 
small insects to escape by passing between the spines, while 
a large one would bo retained. As a leaf can usually make 
but one hearty meal in course of its existence, it is desirable 
that this meal should be a large one, therelore there is an 
advantage to the plant in letting small iu'^eets escape. 

When a leaf has opened after its meal, the insect or bits of 
meat which it closed upon, can be looked for, when it will be 
found that only the hard indigestible parts are left All the 
rest has been dissolved and absorbed, unless the object was 
too big tor the leaf to consume, when p-.irt of it mas' have 
been left undissolved. 

It may here be mentioned that at the moment of the lobes 
of the leaves closing, a slight electric shock runs through the 
plant. 

These plants have, piobab'y, some peculiarity of scent or 
appearance which serves as an attiac'ion to insects, but what 
the lure may be is not yet very well ascertained. There are, 
however, other carnivorous jdants which u-^e several means of 
attracting insects; and, before quitting the subject, it will be 
well to describe a few of their peculiarities. 

Kepenthes is a genus of the so-called pitcher-plants, and 
includes about three dozen tropical, shrubby, climbing plants, 
with carnivorous propensities. The "pitchers" of tlie.se plants 
are trumpet shaped or pitcher-like vessels of various size's and 
forms, attached by a stalk (wliich is sometimes very long) to 
the tip of the leaf. The pitchers vary in length from an inch 
to upwards of a foot, and are furnished with "lids," which 
appear to remain always more or less opc'i. 'I'lic mouth of 
the pitcher is strengthened by a fhickened ring, which, in 
some cases is iirolonged, as a funnel-shaped tube, downwards 
into the pitcher; and, in others, is developed into a r-jw of 
incurved hooks. The mouth, as well as the under side of the 
lid, are often brightly colored, and in most species secrete a 
kind of honey, which, with the lively colors, arc intended as 
lures for injects. 



The pitchers of Nepenthes do not depend upon any motive 
power, nor upon any stickiness to catch their victims; but 
first allure their prey by a brightly colored and honeyed bait, 
then facilitate its descent into the pitcher, by a tube or row of 
ioeurved books, which permit of easy entrance, but prevent 
egress. The descent of the insect is next secured by a glassy 
surface, over which it slips; and it is finally killed and digested 
by an acid fluid, which is .secreted in the lower part of the pitcher. 

There is another kind of pitcher-plant, in which the 
structure of the pitchers is rather different. These are found 
in plants of the American genera Surracenia (the side-saddle 
flower), and D(trJinr/(onin (the Californian pitcher-plant). 
The pitchers, instead of being merely appendages of the 
leaves, are constructed out of the leaves themselves. 

In the right-hand lower corner of the picture are two kinds 
of sundew {Broxcni), the one in front beins the round-leaved 
sundew, some of whose leaves have the tentacles expanded, 
while others have them curved in over their prey. In the 
opposite corner is a plant of Venus' flv-trap (Dioiuru), with 
some of its leaves closed over captured flies. The plant 
partly submerged in the water, is one of the bladder-worts 
( l'fn'ciiJan'(i), the bladders on whose leaves are thought to 
form traps for various small aquatic animals, whose bodies, 
doubtless, serve to nouri^h the plant. 

These are only a few of the various plants now known as 
flesh-eaters; but they are the best known, and those in which 
this propert}', once thought peculiar to animals, is best seen. 
This faculty was at one time doubted, but we think that the 
fiicts mentioned f'ull.v establish the theory that some plants, at 
least, are really carnivorous. 



STUBBORN FACTS. 



BY .srilOM. 



THE pojiulation of England and Wales is, in round numbers, 
twenty- two millions. It is estimated that four millions 
of the people are in a state of pauperism. This is a startling 
fact, especially when we call to mind that the English nation 
controls or receives one-third of the entire commerce of the 
whole world. Whence arises all this pauperism? It is not 
from the lack of means and wealth. While on a mission to 
that country, but a few years ago, there was nothing that 
astonished me more than the abundance of wealth on one 
side, and the abject poverty on the other. I was led to reflect 
ujion the cause of such a state of things among so enlightened 
a jieople; and it struck me very forcibly that the cause thereof 
originated through the waste of wealth, that is, by converting 
wealth into something that does not produce an adequate 
return. The people spent their money foolishly for things 
that were useless. For instance, I learned through the sta- 
tistiivs of that country, in the year 1ST2, that no less than the 
snug little sum of one hundred and thirty-one millions of 
jiouuds, sterling, were spent for alcoholic drinks, which 
amount, il' divided among the poor of that country, would give 
nearly one shilling and ten pence to each, every day in the year. 
The money spent for drink is not all that is wasted. Tliere 
is waste of grain in the manufacture of these liquors, and 
waste of time, of happiness and of life re.-ulling from the 
drinking of them. Thousands go to premature graves throu!.di 
such indulgence, and deprive not only themselves but thou- 
sands upon thousands of women and children of the actual 
necessaries of life, food and clothing by it. Jlencc the poverty 
and distress wliich exists in England to-day. 





34= 



vJTJ'VIBn^IILE in^STI^TJGTOI^. 




iogra^hg* 



crossFH snyniTu 



THE 




( fo»<('/n(e(?. ) 

EVEN after the lapse of nearly thirty-six years, one can 
not read the history of the last days of Joseph without 
a feeling of indignation rising towards the miserable creature 
who acted, at that time, as Governor of the State. Thomas 
Ford is a name that will live in history side by side with that 
of Pontius Pilate. He was an imbecile. A more pliant, 
short-sighted, weak tool could not have been found, to su't 
the purposes of the mob, if the country had been searched. 
He was full of pompous littleness, and the leaders of the mob 
humored his weak conceit. By this means, they used him, 
and he was more serviceable to them, without knowing their 
plans, than if they had explained them to him. 

On the 23d of June, the day after Jo.-eph had written to 
him, he sent a long letter addressed to the Mayor and City 
Council of the City of Nauvoo. It is only necessary to read 
his letter to learn the man's capacity. He had no more real 
comprehension of the issues at stake between the Saints and 
the mob than if he had been a child. The letter plainly 
showed that the task of controling cr checking the mob was 
beyond his power. The charges in his letter were based upon 
the most vile falsehoods. He both scolded and entreated the 
Mayor and City Council; hut one of the chief points in his 
letter was that they should submit themselves to be "arrested 
by the same constable, by virtue of the same warrant, and be 
tried by the same magistrate" who had issued the summons 
for their arrest on the charge of destroying the press of the 
Kmiroo E.rpoxitiir. Nothing ."-hort of that, he said, would 
vindicate the dignity of the law and allay the "just excitement" 
of the people. 

In Number 23 of last volume, you recollect, we told you 
that a con.stable came to Nauvoo with a writ to arrest Joseph 
and the other brethren for abating the Nnuroo Expositor as 
a nuisance. This constable was very in>oltnt, and Joseph and 
the other brethren knew that, if they went to Carthage, the 
mob was ready to commit any act of violence against them, 
even to killing them. They, therefore, petitioned the munici- 
pal court of Nauvoo for a writ of liaheas corpus, and wore 
tried and acquitted by that court. Acting under the advice 
of Judge Thomas, the Circuit Judge, they aftei wards sub- 
mitted once more to arre.'-t on the charge of riot in destroying 
the Xoiiroo Expositor press. Thiy were tried before Brother 
Daniel H. Wells, who, at that time, however, was not in the 
Church, but was a Justice of the Peace; and after a long 
trial, they were again acquitted. It wou d have been as 
reasonable in Ford to have invited Jo.seph and the brethren 
to go out to Carthage an<l lay their h'-ads (in the block to be 
chopped off, as to say that they must go out there, after being 
twice tried and acquitted, to be tried again. Ttie mob at 
Carthage was like a wild beast that clamored for blood. It 
wanted victims, and victims it would have, if urging Ford to 
entrap them, would secure them. Already it licked its lips in 
anticipation of the horrid fea^t. Joseph and the other breth- 
ren would have made the mob a nice meal; but they knew 
this, and were determined to keep away. 

Joseph wrote a reply to Ford's letter that must have made 
the latter's cheeks tingle with shame when he read it, that is, 



if he had any shame left in him. He controverted every one 
of Ford's statements and arguments. He said how it could 
be possible for them to be tried constitutionally by the same 
magistrate who first issued the writ, they could not see; for 
the constitution expressly says no man shall twice be put in 
jeopardy of life and limb for the same offence. But, notwith- 
standing this, he said, they would not hesitate to stand another 
trial, according to his wish, were it not that they were confident 
their lives would be in danger. He told Ford that he had 
promised them protection; but, "at the same time," said he, 
"you have expressed fears that you could not control the mob, 
in which case we are left to the mercy of the merciless." He 
told him further that wiits were issued against them in various 
parts of the country, so that the mob might have the power 
to drag them from place to place and from court to court, till 
some blood-thirsty villain could find an opportunity to shoot 
them. Joseph closed his letter by saying that if anything 
wrong had been done on the part of himself and others, (yet 
he knew of nothing,) they would make all things right if the 
Government would give them the opportunity. And he 
entreated the Governor to disperse the mob, and secure to him- 
self and friends their constitutional privileges, that their lives 
might not be endangered when they were on trial. 

But Governor Ford was deaf to all reason. He was sur- 
rounded by apostates and the worst enemies of the Saints. 
On his arrival at Carthage, he had ordered the entire mob into 
service. He heard their imprecations and their threats, and 
saw their violence and outrageous conduct; but instead of 
being disgusted with them, they suited him. He adopted, as 
the truth, every lie and misrepresentation that the mob circu- 
lated. The delegates, whom he wished the Mayor and City 
Council of Nauvoo to send to him, he treated with great 
rudeness. When they attempted to make the neces^ary state- 
ments and explanations, he suffered them to be interrupted 
and insulted by the vile crew who were his companions. Even 
the communications which they brought were read to him in 
the presence of these villains, who frequently interrupted the 
reading by their cursing! 

[To he Continued.) 



ORDER IN GOD'S HOUSE. 



Br G. M. 



V\J'R call a meeting house God's house. It is built and 
Vt dedicated to His holy name. Within its sacred walls we 
meet to worship our Heavenly Father, to join in thanksgiving 
and praise, to partake of the emblems of the body and blood 
of Jesus Christ, and be taught by the servants of God to know 
His will and learn His ways, that we may walk in His paths. 

Being consecrated and used for such purposes, how sacred 
the house of God should be? Nothing should be said or done 
beneath its roof to destroy the solemnity of the place, or mar 
the peace of those who meet to worship there. 

In and around God's house all should be clean, pure and 
holy, and everything tend to draw the mind from thoughts of 
earth to heaven — from man to God. 

"Holiness becometh thine house, Lord," said David, the 
sweet singer of old. Will not our young friends remember 
this, and not be guilty of laughing, whispering or idle talk 
during the Sabbath service, but spare at least a short time on 
God's day from frivolity and foolishness for higher and purer 
thoughts, and set an example of order and decorum in the 
Lord's house. 





CTTJ^En^ILE II^STI^/TJOTOI^. 



35 




BOOK OF MORMON SKETCHES. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 




[( Ccntiiiiied.) 

THERE was now no one on whom Mosiah could confer tlie 
kingdom, for bis sons all declined accepting it; therefore 
he took the records which were on the plates of brass, the 
plates of Nephi, all things which had come into his hands 
to keep, and the translation from the plates of gold, found by 
the people of Limhi, and conferred them upon A'ma, the son 
of Alma, with directions to continue the record while he 
lived, that they might be handed down from geneiationto 
generation, in the'same manner as they had been handed down 
from Lehi. Mosiah translated the records of the Jaredites 
from the 24 plates of gold, by the means of those two stones 
which were fastened into the two rims of a bow. Now these 
things were prepared from the beginning, and were handed 
down from generation to generation, for the purpose of 
interpreting languages. This record gave an account of the 
Jaredites from their destruction back to the tower of Babel, 
and from that back to the creation of Adam. Evidently of 
the coming forth of this account in the latter times, he says, 
"And this account shall be written hereafter: for behold, it is 
expedient that all people should know the things which are 
written in this account." This prophecy is in part fulfilled 
in the account of the Jaredites which v e have in the Book of 
Mormon, known as the Book of Ether. 

Mosiah sent among al! the people desiring to know whom 
they wished to have for their king; they expressed a wish 
that his son Aaron should succeed him. Not only had he 
gene to the land of Nephi, but, as well as the other sons of 
Mosiah, had declined to accept of the kingdom. The present 
difficulties, and the possible future trouble that might arise 
from appointing a king were properly laid before the people; 
at the same time 3Iosiah assured them that ho would be their 
king the remainder of his days. He recommended the election, 
by the people, of judges to judge them according to the law 
of God, and that their affairs should be rearranged to suit 
this change in the government. This change appears to have 
been from a monarchy without a legislative council, but limited 
by customary law and usage, to judges elected by the people, 
holding courts of different degrees of jurisdiction, and needing 
no new code of laws to guide them, as their decisions were 
to be in accordance with the well-known customary laws 
handed down from their fiithers. A lower judge could be 
tried by a higher one, and one of the higher ones by a court 
formed of several judges of a lower grade. E(|uality was 
produced by making all men amenable to the law. The judges 
being elected by the people, the latter were responsible for the 
character of the government. 

The integrity of ^losiah in laboring for the best interests 
of the people, regardless of pononal or family aggrandize- 
ment, shows a nobility of heart and purpose, of which history 
furnishes but few examples among kings. He died at the 
age of sixty-three years, after a very prosperous reign of 
thirty-three years. He was the last king of the Nephites, 
and a direct descendant of the first Nei)hi. The dynasty had 
continued about three hundred and lifty-fijur years. Mosiah, 
the last of a race of kings, about ninety-one years before the 
birth of our Savior, in a small country called /arahemhi, in 
the northern part of South America, stand.s forth prominently 
as the first man on the western hemisphere who plainly 

undated the principles of republican government, and 



placed on record that the voice of the majority of the people 
should be the supreme law, and that they thould be responsi- 
ble for the character of the government. At that time the 
germ of free government was planted in America, and its 
very atmosphere tinctured with the spirit of freedom, never 
more to be eradicated. It has descended to the present day, 
through all the changes of civilized, semi-barbarous and 
savage life. 

Alma was appointed the first chief judge, and was also 
high priest over the church, his father having appointed him 
to that office. His father died at the age of eighty-two 
years. 

In the first year of the reign of the judges, one Nehor came 
among the people, teaching what he called the word of God. 
He taught that the priests and teachers should become pop- 
ular; that they should not labor with their hands, but be 
supported by the people. He also preached the doctrine of 
univer.sal salvation, and exhorted all men to lift up their heads 
and rejoice, for they would be saved at the last day; that God 
had created all men, and in the end would redeem them. 
Many believed his teachings and gave him money. He began 
to be proud, to wear costly apparel and to even establish a 
church. 

One day, on his way to preach to those who believed him, 
he met Gideon, the former general and counselor of the peo- 
ple of Limhi, and began to contend with him sharplj'. As 
Gideon withstood him with the word of God, he drew his 
sword and attacked him. Gideon, being old, was not able to 
contend with Nehor, and was killed. The murderer was 
taken before Alma, tried and condemned to be put to death. 

This was the first introduction of priestcraft among the 
Nephites, and also the first case of willful murder among 
them which is recorded. Nehor was taken to the top of the 
hill ]\Ianti, and, after confessing that what he had taught was 
contrary to the word of God, suffered an ignominious death. 
This, however, did not stop the spread of priestcraft, for 
many of the people loved vain things; but evil was kept down 
by pure and just laws strictly administered. 

In the days of the judges there was no attempt made to 
regulate religious belief by law; but lying and theft were 
punished, and death was the penalty for murder. Ileligious 
freedom was a primary principle of the government. If any 
were persecuted for their religious sentiments it was the 
result of prejudice and mob violence overriding law. 

In the beginning of the year 85, B. U. , there appeared 
among the Nephites a crafty man by the name of Amliei. 
He was similar in character to Nehor, who slew Gideon. He 
drew a powerful faction after him, and an effort was made to 
appoint him king, with the ultimate design of destroying the 
church. The people throughout all the land, with much dis- 
pute and contention, east their votes on this question, and 
the results were laid before the judges. The majority of the 
people rejected Amliei. He, however, stirred up those who 
favored his plans against the opposite party, and his followers 
appointed him their king. This inaug\irated a civil war. 
The peoiile divided into two parties, and armed themselves 
for the conflict. The Nephites, led by Alma, attacked the 
Amlicites on the hill Aninihu, east of the river Sidon. A 
severely contested battle took place in which the Aujlieites 
were defeated, with the loss of ll.',.'):;i! men. The Nephites 
lost ('i,r]i')2 men. After ])ur.suing the Amlicites during the 
day, the Nephites camped in the valley of Gideon, and Alma 
sent out spies to watch their movements. 
( To lie Continued. ) 





36 



J'TJ'VEIsriLDd:! IISrSTI^TJGTOI^. 




S W E K T PI O U 11 OF P 11 A Y E R. 

Music bv L. D. Edwards. 




:i^-^§-^- 



^^PP — F- 






iHiipPipil^^ipg 



li^i 



-«»-- 



■lap 1— 1»— w 



>-4- 



Dohe. 



m. 



^=tx=t 



-^- 



iSjgztg^t 



M 



EEtg; 



irt 



=gr 



=«^= 



^^ 



1. Sweet liour of praj-er, sweet hour of prayer, That calls me from a world of care And 

2. In seas - ons of dis-tret:S and grief My soul has oft - en found re - lief, And 



m 



-Bt- -ft- 



•■- -*5- 
10- -*' 



00 



3 



g 



-PZ 



:?=:: 



P 



— g| g — ?* 



I*: 



;?=^iip^=P^^=*=i^^^^ 



bids me at my ' Fa - ther's throne JIake all my 

oft es - caped the tempt- er's snare By thy re 



wants and wish es known, 

turn, sweet hour • of prayer. 



i 



W- 



W 









- e> »- 



■s- 



% s 



-B- 



^P^gj 



^=^ 



±dE^ 



=P2; 



-^~ 



"23" 



^ 



CnOELTS. 




Swee" hour of pruyor, swot't hour of praj'cr, 

Tliy wiiiRS sluill my petition Ijear 
Tn Him wliose truth ami fUitlifulnosS 



And, since He' bids me seelc His face, 
Believe His word and trust. His grace, 

I'll cast on Him my ev'ry cure, 

And wait for the sweet hour of prayer. 



)^ 



•^J 



><^- 



SCRIPTURE ENIGMA. 



The name at sound of which all knees must how' 
'I'he jirophet lan^h^Ml at for his hairless brow? 
1'lie father dumb iiir months till he could name 
Ills son — the herald of more glorious fame? 
The i)roi)het who alive went up on high? 
The surname Jesus called two brothers by? 
The priest whose sons were slain for conduct vile 
The saddest book a projilict could compile? 
Take the initials, and they give the name 
Of that iiroud queen who gloried in her sliame; 
Eapacious, cruel and vain, she fell abhorred 
Eeneath the righteous judgment of tlie Lord. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory,, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OP EVERT MONTH. 



GKORGE; €1. CANNOSr, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

J»*Offioe, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocka West 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




