|0lnuss U i\t ^§f^x^\ 



S 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, JUNE 8, 1872. 



NO. 12. 



J^J<TX1^J^1L, DEIFEISrOES. 



^^51 



ANY person wlio has had tke opportunity of observing closely 
the habits and private life of auiaials, must have often been 
astonish e d a t 
the manner in 
which various 
creatures often 
combiQe cither 
for. their mu- 
tual protection, 
or mutual ben- 
efit. 

We have, 
fort u n a t e 1 y, 
had many op- 
portunities f 
vrafching the 
conduct of vari- 
ous creatu res 
in their native 
homes, and the 
deli g h t that 
any lover of 
natm-e experi- 
ences in thus 
c;ntemplali u g 
the wise acts of 
the animal cre- 
ation, far ex- 
ceeds the sav- 
age joy of the 
mere si a u g h- 
terer or sports- 
man. 

Th e r c arc 
many c r e a- 
tures, liowever, 
to which w e 
are . not accus- 
tomed to attri- 
bute anj' spec- 
ial ]50wers f 
skill or combin- 
a t io n , and 
which we 
usually regard 
as stupid and 
almost unwor- 
thy of notice. 




Thus, who would be disposed to believe a rat a very clever 
fellow in his way, and able to plot and carry out a most formid- 
able rebelli o n 
against a t y - 
rant? Yet such 
a case happen- 
ed within our 
own experi- 
ence. 

A friend of 
our own, a 
skilled natural- 
ist, possessed a 
cat, which was 
rather old, 
tho ugh still 
strong and ac- 
tive. This cat 
was a terror to 
a colony of rats 
which inhabit- 
ed the neigh- 
boring pig- 
sties, banks, 
and hedge- 
rows. Many 
a rat was 
brought by 
Pussy and de- 
posited with 
great pride at 
her master's 
feet. 

During sev- 
eral weeks this 
sport contin- 
ued, b u t one 
morniug Pussy 
came in from 
her kennel, 
looking dirty, 
rumpled, a n d 
scarcely aljle to 
crawl. The nat- 
uralist cxamin- 
his pet, and his 
skilled eye 
soon saw tho 



:^§^= 




J TJ "V" E ItT I L El insrSTI^TJOTOie;. 



cause ; Pussy was severely bitten by rats in twenty or thirty 
places. An examination of the scene of action plainly showed 
that there had been a battle-royal ; at least a dozen rats must 
have combined, and coming on Pussy in a body had so punished 
her, that she died a few days afterwards from the effects of 
their bites. 

A very curious case of a combination on the part of animals 
to rid themselves of a foe occurred near the Wintorburg, a 
mountain to the north of the eastern frontier of the Cape of 
Good Hope. 

In this locality there were several troops of baboons, young 
and old, which resided in the deep rocky ravines, and gam- 
bolled among the fearful precipices around, ^'ery human were 
these creatures in their appearance and habits, especially when 
suddenly alarmed ; the mammas were then seen to catch up 
their young ones, who clung round their parents' necks, and 
were thus carried rapidly to the summit of the rocks, where 
they would grimace and cough out their defiance at the intruder, 
who had ventured into their domain. 

An enemy, however, once found his way into their strong- 
hold, and this was an enemy hungry, cunning, and powerful. 
It was a Cape leopard. 

Crouching down among the long grass, or amidst the crevices 
of the rocks, the leopard would suddenly spring upon a young 
baboon, and actually devour it before the eyes of its screeching 
parents. Strong as is a baboon, the leopard is yet far stronger, 
and with its terrible claws could soon tear to pieces the largest 
male baboon. 

During some days the leopard feasted on baboons, but at 
length these creatures combined, and jointly attacked the 
leopard. They did not really mean to risk a pitched battle 
with him, for these creatures evidently knew and respected his 
great powers. They had, too, as the result proved, determined 
on a safer and more craft.v method of proceeding. 

The leopard, fearing the combined strength of his adver- 
saries, left their neighborhood, and retreated aci-oss the country, 
but he was followed by nearly all the large baboons. 

On went the leopard; on followed the baboons. The day 
was hot, and the leopard disliked this perpetual tramping, and 
so tried to seek a retreat and lie down and rest. Then it was 
that the baboons closed round and worried him. Soon, too, he 
began to thirst, his tongue hanging out of his mouth, and the 
white foam covering hb jaw. 

Water was soon scented by the hunted brute, and to this it 
rapidly made its way : but now the baboons became frantic ; 
they closed on to the leopard, some by their great activity 
actually tearing him with their sharp teeth, and the creature 
could not drink. The baboons could relieve one another, and 
some could eat and drink too, whilst their companions continued 
worrying the leopard. 

During two days and a night the country for several miles 
along the course of these creatures was startled by the cries of 
imrsuer and pursued, and several farmers were witnesses from 
a distance of ])ortions of the .scene here described. They would 
not interfere, but watched the baboons' method of aduiinister- 
ing justice. 

Worn out with exhaustion and thirst, the leopard at length 
could totter on no further, and sank to the ground a prey to the 
baboons, who, in spite of his claws and teeth, wliich were yet 
fnrmidable, attacked him with their whole force and soon tore 
him to pieces, they themselves escaping with only a few severe 
scratches. 

Assembling their forces, the baboons returned rapidly to 
their stronghold, where they were welcomed by their females 
and young with choruses of loud and triumphant barks, vihi'-h 
were continued during the greater part of the night, whilst for 
several days the excitement did not seem to calm down, but 
was shown by the unusual noises which proceeded from this 
curious colony. 



?*>> 



Such an incident as the preceding may seem strange and 
unlikely to those who have not seen animals in entire freedom 
and left to their own instincts or reason, but our personal 
experience on many other occasions has taught us that it is not 
uncommon, and we do not therefore hesitate to record it in 
these Images. Another singular incident was related to us by a 
credible witness. 

Amidst the deeply-wooded ravines of a range of mountains 
on the eastern frontier of the Cape of Good Hope, a large 
colony of the pig-faced baboons were located. These creatures 
had found there a safe resting-place for many generations : so 
steep and dangerous were the cliffs, that no creature except a 
baboon could dare wander among them, and so the animals 
were safe and happy. 

The traveler in that wild region would find his arrival 
announced from hill-tops by a chorus of wild, weird-like coughs 
or barks, whilst these semi-human animals could be seen on the 
side of naturally formed walls, of a thousand feet deep, grimac- 
ing at and threatening the solitary traveler who had intruded 
into this domain; a domain of which a king might well be proud. 

This part of Africa has been gifted with a lovely climate, and 
with an air that is inhaled with effects similar to those pro- 
duced by quaffing champagne. No wonder that the chameleon 
is found in this neighborhood— a creature fabulously said to 
feed on air — for it has a glorious feast if it feed on the scented 
air of the Amatola mountains. 

Human-like almost in form, the baboon seems nearly human 
in his passions, as the following anecdote will show. 

Some miles from the Amatola, and separated from them by 
an intervening plain, was another rocky stronghold, in which 
another colony of baboons were located. These latter, to the 
inexperienced eye, showed no distinct peculiarities from their 
neighbors in the Amatola, yet there were men whose keen per- 
ceptions were able to discover distinct peculiarities between the 
two races, and to be able to tell which was an Amatola baboon 
and which a denizen of the Chuniie. 

The baboons themselves did not fraternise, and if by chance 
stray baboons from each colony met one another in their wan- 
derings, a regular fight ensued. 

Yv'^hen the sun sank beneath the Chumie hills, the baboons 
from that region would sit on the most giddy precipices, and 
bark forth a defiance to the distant mountains. In that clear 
atmosphere sound travels a long distance, and is heard during a 
still evening at almost fabulous distances. Thus the barks and 
the coughs of the baboons in one district were heard and 
replied to by the creatures some miles off, in the Amatola. 

To the uninitiated these mere animal barks seemed to mean 
nothing, but to the keen ears and comprehensive senses of the 
baboons they conveyed the direst insults and most defiant chal- 
lenges. 

Human nature has its limits of endurance, and so has baboon 
nature ; thus, after a jiarticularly warm summer day, dming 
which, jirobably, the creatures' blood became additionally 
heated, the evening challenges were given and answered with 
uimsual vehemence. The moon rose bright and full, and the 
night was calm and lovely, and it seemed strange that all 
nature should not be at peace; but shortly after midnight the 
Chumie rocks and precipices resounded with screams, barks, 
and fiend-like sounds, as though a legion of demons had broken 
loose and were fighting among themselves. 

For hours these fearful sounds were heard, and the few set- 
tlers then in that neighborhood listened with astonishment, not 
knowing whether these noises indicated a coming storm of 
unusual force, or were the indieat^)rs of some convulsion of 
nature. Towards daybreak they gradually ceased, and the men 
whose rest had been disturbed armed themselves and cautiously 
approached the scene of the midnight tumult. 

The cause of the alarming disturbance was then manifest. 
The baboons of the Amatola had long borne the challenges and 






iSi^^- 



)^ 



Cr U "V" ElSr I Xj E3 I3iTST:E2.TJOTOI2/. 



91 



insults of their neighbors of the Chumie ; they had listened to 
their taunts, and had burned with a desire for vengeance. At 
length an attack was organized, and on the night in question the 
male baboons of the Amatola assaulted the colony of the 
Chumie, and a fearful fight ensued. 

The baboon's method of attack is singular and formidable; 
his muscular power is enormous, whilst the crushing power of 
his jaws is inferior to that of many smaller animals ; when once 
he grips with his jaws, however, he can hold on, and so he 
combines his powers, by seizing his antagonist with his teeth, 
grasping him at the same time with his powerful arms, and 
then pushing him from him, so that he tears out the piece 
which he has in his mouth. By this means we have seen a 
large dog so maimed in a few seconds by a baboon, that the 
former was obliged to be shot, as there was no hope of its 
recovery. 

The result of the night attack which we have described was, 
that nearly one hundred baboons were found dead and dying by 
the hunters who visited the scene of action, whilst it was 
remarked that the coughs and barks which had previously dis- 
turbed the evenings almost entirely ceased, as though each 
party had gained a certain amount of respect for the other, by 
the experience gained during the midnight battle.— Good 
}Vords for the Young. 



OH:i3i.:DE.Ei>r. 



^^. 



IN a short discourse by President George A. Smith, made in 
the Tabernacle, Ogdcn City, on the 2Gth of last month, he 
made the following remarks in reference to Sunday Schools, and 
reading matter, proper for children, which we recommend to 
the perusal of a'l into whose hands may fall this number the 
Instructor : 

I sincerely advise, both as a measure of policy, and of religion, 
the observance of the Sabbath, and the training of our children 
to do the same; and instead of laboring, going on excursions, 
pleasure seeking, going off on to the prairies hunting cattle, 
to devote the Sabbath to study, reflection, worship and rest. 
One of the finest places for the cultivation of children, in con- 
nection with the organization of the Church, is the Sundaj' 
school. We have something like thirty thousand school chUd- 
reu in this Territory, ranging from four to sixteen years of age. 
An immense responsibility rests upon us to properly train these 
children ; and the leading men in every settlement should sec 
that proper steps are taken and arrangements made to promote 
the culture of the juvenile portion of our community. I have 
felt a deep interest in the advancement of Sunday schools; but 
I have found that there is a kind of apathy and carelessness in 
the minds of some of the brethren and sisters in relation to 
them. I know that children need to be cleaned and brushed-up 
before going to Sunday school, and to have them fixed in time 
their parents have got to be stirring; and if they are not inter- 
ested the children and Sunday school are apt to be neglected. 
If the children do not go, they feel uneasy, run off to play, 
sometimes get int<:) mischief, annoy their neighbors, and are 
likely to learn bad habits ; whereas if they arc sent to Sunday 
school, they have a chance to learn useful lessons, and to acquire 
culture that will tend to prepare them for future usefulness. 

Parents should take an interest in sending their children to 
Sunday school, and they, themselves, should always be on 
hand, where it is practicable, to render assistance as teachers. 
This is a duty devolving, too, upon our young men and women; 
and it seems to me that there is no more useful and agreeable 
way to spend the morning of the Sabbath day. Some of them 
if they did not act as teacher's might form Bible classes. In 



my visit to the South, I was much interested iu the Bible class 
taught by Elder James G. Bleak, at St. George. About forty 
young persons attended his class, and in examining them on the 
principles and doctrines of our faith, as laid down in the Scrip- 
tures, they answered the questions put to them so readily as to 
warrant me in saying that their knowledge was far greater than 
many of our Elders when they have been sent on preaching 
missions. This course should be taken in every settlement, and 
the Elders should devote attention to cultivating the minds of 
the young in regard to the doctrines of our holy religion as set 
forth in the Bible. 

There is a catechism, composed by Elder J. Jaques, published 
for use in day and Sunday schools, which contains, in a con- 
densed form, a great deal of information about the principles of 
the Church. It should not only be in every Sunday school, but 
no traveling Elder should be without it. Because of its sim- 
plicity, it is specially adapted to the minds of children ; and it 
will give the traveling Elder a refreshing view of the principles 
of the gospel, in a style that will enable him to communicate 
them to others better, perhaps, than in any other way. I have 
recommended some of the most learned men in America, who 
have written to me inquiring for some work from which they 
could learn the principles of our faith, to read this catechism, 
telling them that, after studying it, if they desired, I would 
give them another lesson. 

Measures should also be taken to provide for the schools a full 
supply of New Testaments, also Books of Mormon. A new 
edition of this work has been published in the Territory, and 
they can now be obtained. I am afraid a good many of us have 
been careless and have not provided this class of reading for our 
children. One of the first duties incumbent upon parents, and 
especially Latter-day Saints, is to buy and put into the hands 
of their chOdren the standard works of the Church. As soon 
as the age of a child justifies the attempt, he should be taught 
the value of such reading; and one portion of the outfit of a 
young married couple should be a Bible, Book of Mormon, 
Book of Covenants, and a few other standard works of the 
Church, and they should make a practice of reading them, so as 
to keep their minds thoroughly refreshed on the principles and 
doctrines contained therein. 

I would also suggest to this assemblage the propriety of 
increasing the circulation of the Juvenile Instructor. The 
minds of most people, and especially the young, desire the 
exercise that reading furnishes; and there is floating among us 
a large ciuantity of worthless literature. It comes from the 
East, where it is ground out cheap, and sent broadcast over the 
land. A great deal of it has a tendency to corrupt the morals, 
debase the mind, and to fill the iujaginations of young beople 
with ideas of life and happiness that are not justified by their 
experience in maturer years, consequently the time spent in 
such reading is worse than wasted. The Junenile Instructor 
is devoted to the dissemination of useful information and cor- 
rect principles, and it should be put into the hands of every 
child that is able to read ; and it would bo equally useful in the 
hands of parents. I wish to impress upon Sunday school super- 
intendents and teachers, ujwn bishops, teachers and parent -■, 
the propriety of taking measures to place this little publication 
in the hands of the children. 



It is not always in the most distinguished exploits that men's 
virtues or vices may be discerned ; but frequently an action of 
small note, a short saying, or a jest, distinguishes a person's real 
character more than fields of carnage or the greatest battles. 



Kei'INED homes are the end of civilization. Tlie work of all 
races for thousands of years is presented by the difference 
between a wigwam and a lady's parlor. 



^<S 



&^^- 



i\ 



.vf!5 




J" T7 ^ E IsT I IL, E! I IsT S T lE^TJOT O lE^,. 












<©' 'O g- 




CEORCE 0. GAKNON 


ED!TOR. 


SATUKDAY, JUNE S, 


1872. 



EIDITOI^IJ!il31i THCOTJG-KCTS. 




tn, N another part of the present number ■will 
be found a short extract from a discourse 
by President George A. Smith, dehvered 
in Ogden City^ -which contains hints and 
advice of great value to the young. Very 
lew of them perhaps 'will bo able to appre- 
ciate it now, but if, Tvithout being able to 
comprehend its importance, they will be wise 
enough to act upon it, it will prove a bless- 
ing to them. If young folks could, by any 
possibility, be made to understand the necessity 
of observing such counsel as this, they might 
avoid many of the snags and pitfalls that beset 
the path of the inexperienced, and thereby spend 
more happy and useful lives. But experience 
is the great teacher, and few learn really useful les- 
sons without it. Happy are they who, by observa- 
tion, learn to avoid the errors and consequent 
unhappiness which almost invariably attend ignor- 
ance and inexperience. 
To see the course which some boys and gu-ls take, one might 
sujipose they were no more than moths or butterflies, that is 
figuratively speaking. The moth, as you all know, is attracted 
by the light of a lamp or candle, and it flickers and flutters 
aroimd it until it is destroyed. The butterfly comes forth in 
the sunshine, and flits from flower to flower, as if anxious to 
exhibit its beautiful colors ; but after exciting the momentary 
admiration of the beholder it disappears, and both moth and 
butterfly when out of sight arc thought of no more. Have you 
ever seen human moths and butterflies? They are quite numer- 
ous and are pitiable specimens. Natural tendencies in some 
instances develop characters of this kind, but false or del'ectivo 
education does more in this direction than anything else. 

Life is bestowed ujion human beings for a far nobler purpose 
than to create or excite briei' admiration by a brilliant outside 
show or appearance ; but to use life to the best advantage a 
good education is absolutely necessary. When we say a "good 
education," we mean something more than a knowledge 
of reading, spelling, writing, and grammar, for however valua- 
ble a knowledge of these various branches may be, many per- 
.sons possess it, and arc yet far frona being well educated. 
Education in its full sense im])lies not only the cultivation of 
the intellectual faculties and powers, but also (he coiTCct train- 
ing and development of the moral faculties, and in fact of every 
faculty and power of mind and body with which we are endowed. 
Anything short of this can not, in the broadest sense of the 
phrase, be called a "good education," and to obtain this, is, 
without doubt, one of the greatest objects in the bestowal of 
life, and its acquijilion should be the great aim of every intelli- 
gent human being. 

The csporience of the j.ast has suggested and brought into 
operation various agencies for the promotion of this complete 
kind of education, physical, moral and mental. The most 
prominent among tlie latter is (he printing press; and not the 
least useful or jironiiiient is the Sunday school. In his remarks 
President Sujith lays great stress on both of those, and urges 
the young pcoi)lc to attend Sunday school. 3'hc importance of 
doing so, is not because of the great advances that are there 



made in what may be termed secular education, that is in the 
various branches taught m day schools. The lessons taught in 
Sunday schools are not less valuable than these, but they differ 
in character. The regular attendant -it the Sunday school is 
taught morality and the principles of religion as made known in 
the divine record. He learns to honor the Sabbath day, and 
acquires a reverence for holy and sacred things, and thus are 
developed some of the highest and best faculties of the human 
mind. 

The power of the press is so vast, that, it can not be estim- 
ated, and the masses can no more resist it than an isolated 
individual can ; but its power is as great for evil as for good, 
and hence the necessity of the young being furnished with read- 
ing matter of a proper character. We say "furnished," 
because they have not experience sufficient to select the good 
from the evil ; neither can they tell the ruinous efi'ects which 
foUow the reading, in youth, of impure literature. Most boys 
and girls like to read, and the power to do so is a source of 
exquisite pleasure. But the young mind, like the young tree, 
can be moulded to any shape, according to the pressure brought 
to bear upon it; and there is also this further similarity between 
the two, the eft'ect of early impressions, training, or influences 
can never be wholly eradicated. On these accounts, at the risk 
of being tedious to our readers, we have thought it worth while 
to call attention to, and to dilate slightly upon, the principles 
contained in the remarks of President George A. Smith. And 
we hope that both young and old will carefully read his remarks, 
that they wOl take both pleasure and pride in attending, and 
supporting, as far as they can, the Sunday school; and that 
those whose business it is, will have a jealous and watchful eye 
over the reading of the young, and be careful that it is of such 
a character as will strengthen their intellectual powers, and 
develop within them a love of purity and truth. 



A Deeivation of " Gentleji.\n." — The following is curi- 
ous, though not according to the dictionaries. We do not know 
its authority, but give it for what it is worth ; 

In the age of Yalentinian, the converts to Christianit.v in the 
Western Empire consisted chiefly of the middle classes in the 
towns. The agricultural population stUl adhered to the tradi- 
tions and superstitions of their ancestors with such tenacity, 
that the word '"pagans," which literally signifies the inhabitants 
of the rural districts, became a generic name for all classes of 
idolators. 

In the higher ranks the Christians were chiefly foimd among 
the officers of state and the ministers of the imperial court, who 
were, for the most part, unconnected with the ijatrician body, 
and owed their elevation either to their military services or 
imperial favor. 

The old patrician families, who affected to trace their descent 
to the great aristocratic houses of the ancient reijublic — the 
'■Gentiles," as they loved to call themselves — adhered to 
polytheism, which now alone afi'orded any external evidence of 
their hereditary rank ; and hence "''gentileman," or ''gentle- 
man," came to be used indifferently for a man of exalted birth 
or polished manners, and for one who rejected the truths cf 
Christianity. 

We hope, however, that no boy when told to "behave like a 
gentleman," will assume from this that it is obeying orders to 
behave like a "heathen." 



TiiKRE is a curious Chinese proverb which says, ''In a cu- 
cumber field do not stoop to tic your shoe, and under a phiiu 
tree do not wait to settle your cap on your head;" which means, 
if you do, sonjc one may think ycju arc stealing the cucumbers 
or the plums. Never forget that the Apostle says, "Abstain 
from all appearance of evil," 



SS 



6^ 



CTTJATElIsriLE] I IsT S T I^TJO T O I^, 



93 






iisriDi^isr OH:iijiDR.E3sr. 



WE, this week, present you with a picture of Indian cliU- 
dreu — boy and girls, in tlieir native costume. You have 
seen a good many Indian cliildren, but wo well venture to say 
that you never saw any that looked so picturesque as these; and 
wo need hardly tell that the children here represented do not 
belong to the Utah Indians. 

There are many different tribes of people in the world who 
are called Indians, and the countries they hihabit are wide 
apart. In America their are very many tribes called by this 
name, and they are scattered over the whole continent, from 
Cape Horn to the Artie ocean. Most of them are very degraded, 
and totally ignorant of civilization. 

Besides the Indians of America, there arc the Indians pro- 
per, of Asia— the natives of Hindostan, also called the East 
Indies. There is also the West Indies — a very large number of 
small islands lying between North and South America. The 
aborigines, or original inhabitants of the West Indies, were 
tribes something like the best specimens of the American 
Indian, but there are few of them left, and the people who live 
there now are whites and negroes, and a mixture of whites 
Indians and negroes. 

But the most interesting people in the world, called Indians 
are those who dwell in Hindostan — a very large and very popu- 
lous Asiatic 
country. The 
Hindoos are a 
very different 
class of people 
from the abo- 
rigines of 
America, or of 
the West In- 
dies. Hindo- 
stan contains 
nearly two 
hundred mil- , 
lions of inhab- 
itants, and the 
ancient 1 a n - 
guage of the 
country — call- 
ed the Sanscrit 

— is regarded by the learned as the most beautiful and perfect 
that was ever spoken, being far ahead even of the Greek. The 
Hindoos are the possessors of a high grade of civilization, but 
like all Orientals, their manners, customs, religious, and habits 
of thought are very different from those of Europe and America. 
They possess an extensive and ancient literature, in which are 
to bo found some of the finest, and most sublime compositions 
in the world ; and many of the principles taught in their sacred 
books, bear a striking resemblance to those of the Christian 
religion . Some of the sciences, such as astronomy, mathematics 
etc., with a few of the arts growing out of them had reached a 
very advanced stage among the Hindoos before they were 
extensively known and understood by the civilized peoples of 
Europe, and their offshoots— the white inhabitant of this con- 
tinent. 

The children represented in the illustration are Hindoos; and 
a glance will tell you that they belong to an intelligent and 
cultivated race. Their manner of dressing is very different to 
yours, but it is tasteful and elegant, light and flowing, .suited 
to the very hot climate in whieh they live. 

At soaie future time we shall tell you more about the East 
Indie.'! and the Hindoos, and the introduction among tlicm of 
]. u-iiiHMii customs, government and civilization. 




True modesty is more admirable than handsome features. 




ITTSTOI?.ir OIF 

O HITJ I?. G HI. 

{ContiHuecl.) 



T h: E 







N the 20th of January, 1840, the High Council of the 
Church issued from Nauvoo a circular, to the members of 
the Church generally, and others, in which was announced the 
intention of the authorities to send out a company of young, 
hardy men as pioneers, early in the month of March, to make 
their way westward, until they could find a location in some 
valley in the region of the Eocky Mountains, were they could 
plant seed and raise a crop, build houses, and prepare for the 
reception of the families who were to start as early in the spring 
as the grass would be grown suff.ciently to sustain the teams 
and stock that would be taken. The place they should select 
would be made a resting place for the Saints until a permanent 
location could be decided upon. The statement that had been 
circulated, to the effect that the Saints had become alienated 
from their country and dissatisfied with the form of government 
of the United States, was denied ; and it was stated that 
''Should hostilities arise between the Government of the United 
States and any other power, in relation to the right of possess- 
ing the territory of Oregon, we are on hand to sustain the 
United States' Government to that country. It is geographi- 
cally ours; and of right, no foreign power should hold dominion 
there: and if our services are required to prevent it, those 
services will be cheerfully rendered according to our ability." 

The willingness of the Saints to adhere to the laws of the 
country, and to go forth in response to the call of Government 
officers and to sustain the flag of the United States, was soon 
put to the test, as will be shown in a future chapter. 

At that time settlements were being made in Oregon by the 
United States, and it was thought probable that the Govern- 
ment would establish a line of forts along the route from the 
Missouri river to those settlements. In case this should be 
done the Saints hoped to have the work of building to do, as 
they would probably be near the route, and, on that account, 
be able to do it to better advantage than others ; and the pro- 
ceeds of their employment would relieve their necessities. 

The temerity evinced by the Saints in undertaking, at that 
season of the year, a journey in the wilderness upwards of a 
thousand miles distant from civilization, to a region inhabited 
only by the savage, was such as could only result from implicit 
faith in God. We cannot restrain a feeling of reverence for 
those men, when we contemplate their actions. They trusted 
wholly in God, for their means of transportiition were so 
limited that they could not take a very great supply of provi- 
sions with them, and what human assurance had they, that 
they would be enabled to raise a crop in their new and distant 
home before the supply taken with them would be exhausted ? 
They had no person's experience to teach them, for those best 
acquainted with the region of the Kocky Blountains were 
strongest in the belief that grain could not be raised there. 
Those bold men and women knew that the undertaking would 
be fraught with peril, but they possessed unbounded faith in 
God, and they trusted in Him for deliverance. 

It was decided that those able to start and owning teams and 
other things required, should do so as early as possible, and 
A.. W. Babbitt, Jos. L. Haywood, John S. Fullmer, Henry W. 
Miller and John M. Bernhisel were appointed a committee to 
dispose of the property of the Saints. As fast as sales of pro- 
perty could be made, the means obtained were to be devoted to 
helping out those who, for the lack of the necessary outfit to 
leave with, would remain. 

During the month of January the probability that the Saints 
would encounter trouble in leaving .seemed to grow stronger 
every day. The rumor reached Nauvoo from Washington that 
the officers of the Government would intercept them on their 
way and take all their fire-arms from them, so that if they were 



■^! 



94: 



CrT7"7-ElIsriIL.E IITSTIE^TJOTOI^. 



determined to go they might go defenseless. President Young 
counseled those of the people who were prepared to leave to 
keep themselves in readiness to start on a few hours' notice. 

Elder Samuel Brannan, having chartered the ship Brooklyn. 
set sail from New York for California on the 4th of February 
with about two hundred and thirty souls on board, mostly 
Saints, and considerable freight, some of which was for the 
Sandwich Islands. The passengers started on the voyage joy- 
fully. They took farming implements, blacksmiths', carpen- 
ters', and wheelwrights' tools, fixtures for two grist-mills, saw- 
mill irons, a printing press, type, paper and such other things 
as would be needed in establishing a colony in a distant land. 

The work of administering the holy ordinances in the Temple 
continued almost incessantly, day and night, up to the 7th of 
February, the people being so anxious in this respect that th3y 
seemed almost unwilHng to have President Young and the 
Twelve depart, as in that ease their privileges would cease. 
The previous day the removal of the Saints was commenced, by 
Bishop George Miller and family, with six wagons being ferried 
across the Mississippi river, and ere many days had passed the 
work of ferrying the wagons across was kept up day and night. 
Some accidents occurred, such as the sinking of a ferry boat 
but generally they were fortunate in getting over safely. 

On the 9i;h the roof of the Temple was discovered to be on 
fire, the stove-pipe having ignited it. The alarm was immedi- 
ately given, and the citizens rallied to the scene and the fire was 
extinguished in about half an hour. The damage caused by 
the fire was not very great. 

John E. Page, an old member of the Church and one of the 
Twelve Apostles, had, for some time past, refused to act in 
unison with the others of the Apostles, and indulged contin- 
ually in fault-finding and complaining. It had long been 
noticed that he was drifting towards apostasy, and on the 9th 
he was accordingly disfellowshipcd by his brethren of the 
Twelve Apostles. 

President Young and some othei-s, with their fimilies, left 
Nauvoo on the 15th, crossed the river and traveled nine miles 
to Sugar Creek, in Lee County, Iowa. Here they formed a 
camp, and organized in companies and awaited the arrival of 
others from Nauvoo, before they proceeded on their way. 
While they remained there the weather continued very severe 
and there was considerable sufi'ering in the camp from the cold. 

The cold was so intense that the Jlississijipi river was frozen 
entirely over, so that teams could cross on the ice. Blany of 
the Saints in the camp lacked wagon-covers and tents to shelter 
them, and consequently, when the snow fell and the severe 
weather set iu, they suffered much more than they otherwise 
would have done ; but notwithstanding this they were generally 
cheerful and buoyant in spirit, and looked forward with glad- 
ness to their final deliverance from the power of their jierse- 
cutors. 

( To he miUiavfxl. ) 



(Concluded.) 



THOSE among you, who have read the first article in the 
last number of the Instrl-ctok, are prepared now to follow 
the career of Cardinal Wolsey, to disgrace and death. You will 
remember that, at the close of hist week's chapter, we informed 
j'ou that his influence with King Henry never waned until the 
appearance at court of Anne Boleyn, and that, in a future article 
.vou should be told who she was, and how she cfl'ected his down- 
fall. That promise we shall now fulfill, as briefly as possible, 
so that you may be able to understand the principal facts as 
they actually occurred. 



v%. 



'1s^^ 



To begin, we must go back in our history, and tell you that 
the eldest son of King Henry the Seventh was Prince Arthur, 
and that by birthright he, not Henry, was heir to the throne. 
This prince lived until he reached man's estate, and married the 
Princess Catherine of Arragon, daughter of the Spanish cjueen, 
Isabella, who furnished Columbus the ships in which he discov- 
ered the continent of America. This princess is said to have been 
one of the most virtuous, lovely and accomplished ladies of the age 
iu which she lived ; and Spain being, at that time, at the very 
pinnacle of greatness as a nation, her marriage with the English 
prince was regarded as advantageous to England. Unfortun- 
ately, however, six months after their marriage. Prince Arthur 
died of the plague, his widow being only nineteen years of age. 
By this melancholy event Prince Henry became heir apparent 
to the English throne, being then only twelve years of age. As 
Spain was so great and powerful a nation, Henry the Seventh, 
desirous of preserving the close alliance between the two 
countries, proposed to the father of the widowed princess — 
King Ferdinand of Spain — that she should stay in England and, 
when Prince Henry had reached a proper age she should 
become his wife. This proposal was accepted by the Spanish 
king, and seven years after, when Henry was nineteen years 
old, he and the Princess Catherine were married and, it is said, 
lived happily together for about eighteen years. 

Eleven years after their marriage, in 1520, Henry first saw 
Anne Boleyn, who was at that time a maid of honor at the 
French Court. She was young, sprightly and accomplished, and 
her beauty was of such a rare order, that Henry declared she 
was worthy to wear a crown. Anne was the daughter of Sir 
Thomas Boleyn, afterwards Viscount Koehford; her grand- 
father, on her mother's side, was the Duke of Norfolk. About 
the year 1527 she returned to England, and became one of the 
maids of Queen Catherine ; and because of her beauty she very 
soon had numerous admirers at the English court, but the only 
one for whom she showed any afi'ection was Lord Percy, a 
young nobleman in the service of Wolsey. King Henry, how- 
ever, had not forgotten the fair Anne, and though he had not 
seen her for several years, his admiration was as warm as ever, 
and he determined to use his kingly authority to prevent any of 
the nobles of his court making love to her. As soon, therefore, 
as the attachment between Anne and Percy became known, the 
king determined to squelch any matrimonial project the young 
folks might have in view, and, under his direction, Wolsey 
compelled Percy to marry a lady between whom and himself no 
affection existed. This act was the turning point in Wolsey' s 
career, and from it, may be dated his gradual descent in influ- 
ence Vv'ith the king. Jealous nobles had sought for years to 
supplant Wolsey, as the king's favorite; but theu- efforts had 
been vain. A potent all.y now came to their aid in Anne 
Boleyn, for the marriage of Percy, as it prevented all possi- 
bility of hor union with him, made her Wolsey' s implacable 
enemy, and her efforts to undermine his influence with and to 
rob him of the king's favor, never ceased until their success was 
ensured by his disgrace and dismissal. 

As the king's wishes with regard to Anne became known 
her numerous admirers, from prudential motives, ceased paying 
attentions to her; and the field now being clear, the admiration 
of the king soon became of the most marked character, and 
Anne, as if careless of what followed the loss of Percy, seemed 
to take great pleasure in, and to encourage the attentions of, her 
royal admirer, who had avowed his determination to make her 
his wife. But there was a great obstacle to prevent the carry- 
ing out of this scheme, and that was the queen ; for in those 
days, as now in the countries of Christendom, it is regarded as 
a groat sin for a mau to have two living wives. But Hemy 
was a dcsjiot, and naturally savage and hypocritical; and the 
circumstances now .surrounding him, began to develoj) his true 
character. After having lived eighteen years with Catherine, 
who then possessed but slight traces of her youthful beauty. 



1^<,\ 



J-TJ^ElsriLEl HETSTieyTJOTOI^. 



95 



this cwntemptible and hypocritical specimen of royalty professed 
to be troubled with religious scruples as to the legality of his 
marriage, because Catherine had been the wife of his brother. 
Having determined to marry the young beauty, no trick was 
too mean for this king to descend to if he thought it would 
enable him to accomplish his object. Upon this miserable pre- 
tence Henry made application to the pope of Rome for a 
divorce, but various reasons made that dignitary pause before 
giving a reply. 

You remember that, at the time of Catherine's maniage, her 
father, Ferdinand, was King of Spain ; but he had died, and 
at the time this divorce was sought, Charles the Fifth, a 
nephew of Queen Catherine, was on the Spanish throne, and 
was the most powerful ruler in Europe, being King of Spain 
and Flanders and Emperor of German}'. The pope was anxious 
to please Henry, in the matter of divorcing his queen, but for 
grave political reasons he was afraid to offend Charles the Fifth, 
and this led to a long delay, and to much discussion as to the 
point, whether it was lawful or otherwise for a man to marry 
the wife of his dead brother. During this controversy, Henry 
set Wolsey to work, who, you will remember, was a cardinal in 
the Komish church ; and though the cardinal was opposed to 
Henry making Anne Boleya his wife, when he found he was 
determined to do so, ho sought to promote the scheme, for at 
that time he was an enemy of Charles, the latter having faUed 
in keeping a promise he had formerly made, to use his influence 
in having Wolsey elected pope. 

Wolsey's position was now a most critical one. He knew 
that Anne Boleyn was his enemy, and that unless all his influ- 
ence were used to obtain the divorce, she would turn Henry 
against him. Queen Catherine and her friends were also his 
enemies because of the eagerness he had shown to have the 
Duke of Buckingham executed ; and, at that time, as the peo- 
ple of England carried on an extensive trade with the Flemings, 
over whom Charles the Fifth ruled, any indignity offered to 
Queen Catherine, might lead to war between Charles and 
Henry, and so stop this trade, which would also turn the 
popular voice against him. You will thus see that ho was in a 
very awkward position, for turn which ever way he might, ruin 
seemed to stare him in the face. He however set his agents to 
work with the pope, to procure the divorce King Henry desired. 
Deputations of influential clergymen were sent by Wolsey to 
Rome several times, and his holiness the pope sent his repre- 
sentatives to England to investigate; but the delay only 
exasperated the king and Miss Boleyn, and the former urged 
on by the latter, vented his rage and abuse on Wolse}', who 
now began to understand that a dark cloud way hanging over 
him, and that he was losing power and favor. His enemies 
were delighted to see this, and a powerful cabal was soon 
formed against him, with Anne Bole.vn, the new fiivorite of the 
king, at its head. Wolsey used his gold lavishly, and had 
numerous agents at work, but all his eflbrts failed, and as the 
weeks and months passed away, and the divorce was still with- 
held, the rage and spleen of Henry and Anne became more and 
more apparent, and finally she obtained a promise from the 
king that he would not speak to his old minister again. 

This promise was given towards the fall of the year 1529, and 
sealed the downfall of the cardinal. In October he was dis- 
missed from office, and was not only deprived of authority, but 
of all his property. He was ordered to leave his palace of 
Whitehall, that the king might take possession, and to retire to 
a small residence in Surrey. Overwhelmed with woe and dis- 
grace, the fallen minister meekly complied with the commands 
of the king, and being now deprived of his wealth, he dismissed 
his servants and retinue, the foene at parting being, it is said, 
very affecting, for whatever Wolsey had been in other respects, 
he was very kind to his domestics and followers, and was much 
beloved by them. Reduced now almost to poverty, the king 
seemed to evince some slight inclination to relent, and in 



February 1530 granted his old favorite a pardon for all his reai 
or pretended crimes, made him a present, in money and other 
articles, of the value of over thirty thousand dollars, granted 
him a yearly pension, and gave him leave to live at Richmond. 
This revived Wolsey's spirits wonderfully, and made him hope 
that, being so near court, he might regain the royal favor ; but 
the Boleyn party were on the alert, and they speedily obtained 
an order from the king, banishing Wolsey to York, their pur- 
pose being to have him so far away that the king would never 
have a chance to see the face of his old minister. Wolsey 
removed thither, but had not been there long, when his enemies, 
still busy working against him, succeeded in obtaining an order 
from the king for his arrest for high treason. In November 
1530, the arrest was made, and he set out for London in the 
custody of those who arrested him. On the third day he and 
the party reached Leicester Abbey, and there the journey 
ended, for the old man, worn out in body and completely broken 
in spirits by the humiliation and disgrace heaped upon him, 
was unable to resume the journey on the following day, and 
two days after breathed his last. Almost the last words he 
uttered were the following : "Had I but served God as dili- 
gently as I have served the king, He would not have given me 
over in my gray hairs; but this is the just reward I must 
receive for my diligent pains and study, not regarding my ser- 
vice to God, but only to my prince." 

You have thus been made acquainted with the leading events 
of this extraordinary man's life. The sketch, being for young 
readers, has necessarily been very brief, and hence very imper- 
fect. But you have learned enough to comprehend that human 
grandeur and power, however gigantic they may appear, have 
but a slight foundation. Cardinal Wolsey, in the influence and 
power ho attained, has probably never been surpassed ; but his 
greatness was based on nothing more enduring than the favor 
of a prince, and was undermined and destroyed by the schem- 
ing of an ambitious and unscrupulous woman. Wolsey's parting 
words, already quoted, teach a lesson that all mankind would 
do well to learn, and prove the truth of the psalmist's words: 

" It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in 
princes." 



[Kor lUe Juvenile Insfritctor, 




i3:"5riDE.oa^:E^BOiNr.-3sro. s. 



FROM very early ages the use of naphtha has been known 
in Persia, Italy and other countries; Gibbon, the historian, 
supposes that the "Sreek fire" was a compound of which this 
''liquid bitumen," as he calls it, "was the basis." It is a highly 
inflanimablc fluid that oozes out of the ground in many places ; 
petroleum, or rock-oil, is a naphtha that contains paraffin, a very 
important and singular substance, that is now well known for 
its use in making candles, and for other purposes. 

The origin of these oils is supposed to be organic, by the 
decomposition of animal as well as ve.getable matter. It will 
not be diiScult to conceive of the formation of the hydrocarbons 
from wood, if we reflect upon the nature of wood in general 
and the instability of its elements. The calamitous fires 
recorded so frequently in our journals are among the evidences 
of its inflammable character and of its tendency to chemical 
change. 

The same clumges go on when vegetable matter is excluded 
from the air and submitted to the action of heat ; but, in a 



■^%^i 



^^- 



ng.-irgfffg^tgg 



^O 



Cr TJ "V" E IsT I L E in^STI^TJGTOI^ 




different maaaer, and with different results. Hydrogen and 
oxygen combine in the same simple manner to form water, a 
more stable compound than the hj-droc-arbons. But an excess 
of hydrogen is common to all fuel, this cannot combine leith 
oxygen when the air is excluded, it therefore combines with as 
much carbon as the temperature admits of, forming light car- 
buretted hydrogoDj and olcfiant gases; these compounds (called 
"binary" compounds) have new affinities, which cause them to 
combine with carbon and other elements present, in different 
proportions, thus giving rise to the almost endless varieties of 
hydro-carbonaceous compounds. 

We need not, therefore, wonder at the production of tar, 
paraffin, kreosote, acetic acid (an aqueous solution of organic 
compounds) and a host of other products entirely dissimilar in 
appearance, when we consider that the earth is a grand labora- 
tory in which the elements must necessarily be brought together, 
at times, under the most favorable cu'cumstances to produce 
new combinations. Nor, is it astonishing that the results are 
so varied from even wood alone, considering the many varieties 
of that substance. For, the less oxygen and the more hydrogen 
in the fuel (whether of animal or ot vegetable origin) the more 
numerous are the ]iroducts, for one reason, less icater is 
formed. Coal affords more illuminating gas than wood because 
its elementary composition is more fovorable ; wood is carbon 
plus hydrogen and oxygen in the proportions that form water; 
coal is chiefly hydrogen and carbon, the latter element pre- 
ponderating in some varieties, such as anthracite, and diminishes 
in proportion to the inflammability of coal. 

In the same way that mineral coal and 'ordinary wood differ, 
so do the mineral differ from the animal and vegetable oils. 
Mineralized oils have undergone chemical changes like those of 
mineralized woods (coal); but the value of oils (and fatty sub- 
stances) for illuminating purposes, depends upon the same 
general principles that have been explained in relation to the 
hydro-carbons. 

From these considerations it is reasonable to suppose that the 
old modes of illuminating by oil lamps will undergo some modi- 
fication with a more coir^ct understanding of the nature of 
light-forming materials. The numerous discoveries of oil wells 
on this continent, have greatly stimulated inquiry as to the 
chemistry of the hydrocarbons, so as to increase their consump- 
tion for illuminating purposes and utilize every product. 
Practically, these oils that are so poimlar in our city, are highly 
concentrated portable fuel, in the best form for generating 
illuminating gas, and the vapour lamps are gas generators. 
And, as "volatile oils that deposit carbon instantaneously 
and are completely consumed give the most light," they are 
preferable to fixed oils that do not fulfill these conditions. 
For this reason the old modes of oil illnmiuation are gradually 
being superseded, a fortunate circumstance, seeing that the oils 
and fats are required for the use of man in other directions. 

Beth. 



[E<'i>rttl-' Juvcuil^ I'l.stiuctir, 



G 131 J?^ I^ -A. ID 



DT THEODORE .1. .\ NT: HI, I.. 



I aru coinpoiicd of 10 IcltcrB; 

Mj- 5, 0, :5, is a bird ; 

My 4, 2, o, liclps to make things sccm-c; 

My 1, f), 9, 10, is UBcd in haying; 

My 7, 8, ;i, 10, is a nick name ; 

My whole is a city belonging to Denmark. 



f^ 






The Answer to the Charade in Numljcr 10 is "THE SOLAK 
SYSTJ^M." Correct solutions hare been received from Jas. 
II. Anderson, C. Denney, T. II. Eoberts, and David II. Lambert, 
Salt Lake City. 



el^Clti^ $0dP^* 



l-.AiXSUiXMP'f^iMJi-ttj'^^jassaumKiL 



SH:./^T_,Xj TJKE B.A.B"y ST-A-Y? 



Ill a little brown honsc, 
\Vith scarce room for a mouse, 
Came, with raoruing's first ra3', 
One remarkable day, 
(.Though who told her the wa.v 
1 am sure I can't say) 
A young lady so wee 
That you could scarcely see 
Her small speck of a nose; 
And to speak of her t-oes, 
Though it seems hardly fair 
Since they surely were there, 
Keep them covered we must, 
You must take them on trust. 

Now this little brown house, 
With scarce room for a mouse, 
AVas quite full of small boys, 
With their hooks and their toyp, 
Their wild bastle and noise. 

"My dear lads," quoth pajja, 

"We've too many by far; 
Tell us what can we do 
With this damsel so blue V 
We've no room for her here, 
iSo to me 'tis quite clear, 
Thouii'h it gives me great pain, 
I must leave her again 
With her white blanket round her. 
Just as Nurse Kussell found her." 

Said stout little Ned 
"I'll slay all day in bed, 
Squeezed up nice and small 
Very close to the wall." 
Then spoke Tommy, "I'll go 
To the cellar below ; 
I'll just travel about, 
But not try to get out 
Till you're all fast asleep, 
Then up stairs I will creep ; 
And so quiet I'll be 
You'll not dream it is me." 

Then flaxen haired Will : 
"I'll be dretfully still ; 
On the back stairs I'll stay, 
Way oil', out of the way." 

JIaster Johnny the fair. 
Shook his bright, curly hair, 
"Here's a nice place for me, 
Dear papa, do you see ':' 
1 just fit iu so tight 
I could stand here all night." 
And a niche in the wall 
Held his figure so small. 

Quoth the father, " Well done, 
My brave darlings, come on I 
Here's a shoulder for Will, 
l^ray sit still, sir, sit still ! 
Valiant Thomas, for thee, 
A good seat on my knee. 
And Edward, thy lirother, 
Can perch on the other, 
Baljy John, take my back; 
Now, who says we can't pack V" 

"So Love gives us room, 
And our birdie shall sta3', 
AV'e'll keep her, my lion's, 
Till God takes her away." 



I3 published iu Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEOnCE Q. CAMNON, EDITOR & PU31.J3HEFJ 



&'higlc Coj'iy, per Animm.. 



50. 



«B- Grain broii£;lit to this City for the Jdvenii.k Instructor will b-a 
;;e«clvediit tlic olHce ofour paper— Dkskket News Buildings. 




