f 





I 



NO. 9. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1866. 



VOL1. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
A BEAR HUNT. 

Bear hunting is always exciting, and often a 
dangerous thing to be engaged in. If the ungainly 
beast can get his assailant within the grasp of his 
fore legs, he gives him a most fearful hug, often 
killing a man with a squeeze. 

Our illustration shows you a number of bears at- 
tacked by a number of men, some on foot and 
some on horseback,, armed with guns. The hunters 
have killed some, for you can see dead ones lying 
on the ground ; and another one to the right, in 
front of the leaning tree, seems to have been hit by 
a bullet, by the way in which its great paws' are 



i thrown up. It would be a serious position for any 
| of those men to be in, if he were among the bears. 
; It looks as ff nothing but the direct interference of 
[ Providence could be able to*sav3.him. 

But this is not the way in which bears are al- 
| ways killed. Some times a pit is made to catch 

them, dug deep, and with a very sharp stake stick- 
: ing up in the centre. This is covered over with 
j grass or boughs, or something to hide it, and is dug 
I in a track that the bear is known to travel over. 

Bruin, which means a bear, when he comes to the 

pit, steps into it, and the sharp stake runs into him. 

He is thus caught, and cannot get out until he is 

killed by those who made the trap. 

As they are known to climb very high trees, 



sometimes the trees are set fire to where thev re- 
sort, and they are shot as they come down. At 
other times loaded guns are placed in their track, 
in such a manner that they will press upon a piece 
of wood fastened to the trigger, by which means 
they arc made to shoot themselves. At other times 
a number of well armed men will start out to hunt 
them, like those in our illustration, often accompan- 
ied by dogs. 

But perhaps the most curious way *of mastering 
\ bears is occasionally practiced in Sweden and Nor- 
iway, and some other parts of northern Europe. 
' Bears are very fond of honey, and will climb trees 
and seek for it in holes where it has been deposited 
'by bees. In the countries named, the people will 




sometimes pour brandy on the honey, and the bears ! 
in eating it take the brandy with it, which makes 
them intoxicated, when they can be easily killed. 

A great many curious and interesting anecdotes 
are related about hunting bears, which our little 
readers will enjoy reading, as they progress in the 

study of natural history. 

—-g^-aa >.,»»■.. 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE GEORGE IS DISAPPOINTED. 



A TRUE STORY. 



After little George was fastened in a large tub, 
four boys, each one holding a bucket of cold water, 
were told by the old nurse to stand round the large 
tub in which he was fastened. Now then, all is 
ready, 1, 2, 3, and the first boy threw his bucket 
of water all over little George; again, 1, 2, 3, and 
the second boy threw his bucket of water over little 
George; and in this way four buckets of water were 
thrown over him. 

Little George had been so used to bathing in the 



canal in the big city that he did not care anything 
about the water being thrown upon him, but he did 
not like to be fastened in the big tub, and to have 
the water thrown over him because he ran away. 
He was not sorry that he had ran away, but he was 
sorry that he had been caught and brought back. 
That race for freedom cost him a good ducking. 
The restraints he found himself under made him 
dislike his new home, very much and he never want- 
ed to see the old nurse again while he lived, and he 
did not like any of the boys, except the poor little 
cripple boy that he had seen the nurse cross with 
for not being dressed in time; and he made up his 
mind that he would run away the first chance 
he got. 

The boys were now led. to a room above the cel- 
lar where they were washed every morning. In 
this room were two rows of large tables, with bench- 
es on each side of every table. Each boy was placed 
in front of a large plate of oatmeal porridge, a 

spoon and a bowl of milk. Little George was very 
hungry, and after he had eaten a spoon full or two 



of his porridge and milk, it was so good that it put 

him in a good temper, and he forgot all about the 

old nurse, and the ducking he had received in the 

washhouse. In a few minutes he had eaten all his 
porridge, but not all his milk, and he wanted more 
porridge. The poor, little, sickly, cripple boy sat 
next to little George and could not eat all his por- 
ridge; and he gave it to little George to cat, who 
in this way made out to get enough breakfast, and 
felt much better. This kindness flf the poor, little, 
cripple boy made little George not only pity him 
because he was a cripple, but love him because he 
had given him a part of his breakfast, and because 
he thought he would like to play with him. 

We now see little George living inside of high 
walls, he could not run through the streets as long- 
as he wanted to; he could not do as he liked; but 
he had to do as he was told. Before coming to his 
new home he was like a wild, unbroken colt, but in 
his new heme he was placed where -he could Jbe 
broken, where his self will could be governed, and 
where the good' habit of doing as he was told could 
be taught him. He could not understand why 
this should be, and how it could be for his good, 
bjit he thought he was abused and had fallen into 
the hands of enemies. 

Uncle George. 



34 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



^VW.'VWiA^-'V./VW 



1 .'*./WV"„*./V./W"v~^"'.-'VN/ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE STORY OF DANIEL. 

. The King Nebuchadnezzar dreamed dreams, and 
his dreams made him feel bad, and they disturbed 
his sleep so that his spirit was troubled. And he 
sent for the magicians and the sorcerers and the 
astrologers to tell him what his di earns were and 
what they meant, for he could not remember what 
he had dreamed. The Lord had suffered him to 
forget about Daniel's wisdom, so as to give those 
false men an opportunity of being proved, and let 
the king see that thev did not know as much as 
they pretended; and when they came before the 
king, they begged him to tell them the dream, and 
then they said they would tell him what the dream 
meant. If the king had told the dream, they were 
dishonest enough to make up an interpretation, so 
as to deceive, him and make him think that it was 
true, and that they knew more than he did; but 
they could not deceive "him in the dream, as they 
could not make a false one without his knowing it. 

Then the king told them that if they would not 
make the dream known to him, and the interpreta- 
tion too, they should be cut to pieces and all 
of their houses and property destroyed. 

The king told them th,at he would give them rich 
gifts and would bestow great honors upon them, if 
they would tell him the dream and the interpreta- 
tion: but if they did not do it, he should know 
that they intended to deceive him with false and 
lying words. Then the men saw that the king was 
in earnest with them, and they were afraid, and 
said lo the king that no man on earth could tell 
him his dream after he had forgotten it, and that it 
was unjust for him to require it. 

Then the kino- was very angry, and commanded 
that all the wise men in Babylon should be slain. 
But when'Daniei heard of ofit, he said to Arioch 
the captain of ths king's guard, who went forth to 
slay all the wise men: "Why is the decree so 
hasty from the king?" Then Arioch told Daniel 
all about what had happened; and Daniel went to 
the king, and promised that, if he would give him a 
little time, he would tell the king his dream and its 
interpretation.. 

Although he had made this promise, Daniel did 
mot know any more about the dream than the 
astrologers did, but he knew that the God whom 
he served, heard his prayers and answered them, 
and had power to make the dream known. He 
then went to his house and told his three friends 
what had happened, and requested them to unite 
with him in praying to God that He would reveal 
the dream to them so that they might not be de- 
stroyed with the rest of the wise-men of Babylon. 

Then the four" men knelt down and prayed 
fervently to God, and the secret was revealed to 
Daniel in a vision, and he rejoiced and said, 
"Blessed be the name of God forever and ever: for 
wisdom and might are His — He changeth the times 
and the seasons — He removeth kings and He 
setteth up king* — He giveth wisdom unto the wise, 
and knowledge to them that have understanding. 

He revealeth the deep and secret things — He 
knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light 
dwelleth with Him. 

I thank Thee, and praise Thee, Thou God of 
my fathers, who hast given wisdom and might, and 
hast made known to me now what we desired of 
Thee: for Thou hast now made known to us the 
king's matter." 

Daniel and his three friends felt very happy be- 
cause the Lord had auswered their prayers, and he 
went immediately to Arioch and told him not to 
destroy the wise men of Babylon, but conduct Bim 
into the king's presence and he would tell him the 
dream and give the interpretation. 



And Arioch brought Daniel in great haste into 
the palace and told the king that he had found one 
of the captives of Judah, who could tell him all he 
wished to know. Then the king asked Daniel if he 
was able to tell him the dream, which he had for- 
gotten. 

Daniel said to the king that it was not possible 
for the astrologers, the magicians and the sooth- 
sayers to make the thing known, but that the God 
of heaven, whom the Jews believed in, could reveal 
all secrets, and when they prayed He answered 
their prayers, and He had shown thenT the dream. 
It was a great dream and a very long one, but 
Daniel told it all, and then he told the interpreta- 
tion, which astonished the king very much; and it 
is very interesting for all to read, who are old 
enough to understand. When my little friends get 
older, they can find it in the Bible, in the Book of 
Daniel. 

It foretold what would happen to the nations of 
the earth, from that time till now, and at this 
present time, the most important of all, is begin- 
ning to be fulfilled. The king Nebuchadnezzar 
then promoted Daniel, and made him governor of 
the province, of Babylon, and gave him riches, and 
said that the God of Daniel was the God of gods. 

I have not finished telling yon about Daniel, but 

before saying any more about him, I shall tell you 

a very singular story about his three friends, Aza- 

riah, Mishael and Hananiah. 

E. R. Snow, 
(to be continued.) 

N 1^1 (■ 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE CHAMELEON. 




This curious looking little animal is of the lizard" 
species. It grows to be nearly a foot in length, 
from the point of the head to the tip of the tail. It 
was believed at one time that it lived upon air. 
This idea most likely originated with the manner in 
which it gets its food. Its tongue is long and large, 
flattened at one end, and covered with a glutinous 
or sticky kind of liquid, on which it catches insects. 
As the chameleon lies with its tongue out, waiting 
fpr the insects to light on it, drawing it quickly in 
when they are caught in the glutinous liquid, some 
who have thus seen it may have imagined that it 
was lying with its month open for the air to enter, 
and swallowing it rapidly. 

The chameleon is able to swell out and contract 
itself in a very curious manner. It will blow itself 
out, as a frog does, and, not only the body, but the 
legs and tail are thus blown out. It will remain in 
this state for some time and then gradually grow 
less and less in size, until it seems to be reduced to 
little more than skin and bone. 

During this swelling and contraction its color 
changes, as it also does according as it is under the 
sun's rays or in the shade. Th% changing of its 
color is made the subject of a very pretty fable, 
illustratipg the obstinancy with which some people 
will contend about matters concerning which they 
are more or less ignorant. 

Two travelers are supposed to be talking over 
the wonders they have seen on their travels, and 
one of them tells of having seen a chameleon, the 
color of which he describes as a beautiful green. 
The other interrupts him, stating, that he too has 
seen the animal, and.it is of a blue color. They come 



to high words, and grow angry, when a third trav- 
eler comes up to whom the matter is referred. He 
informs them that they are both wrong, for the 
animal is white; and states that he has just seen 
one a little way pff whieh they can all go and look 
at. They do so, each one positive that he alone is 
right and the others wrong; but to theiv astonish- 
ment, when they reach the chameleon, it appears 
neither green, blue, nor white, but black. 

Our little readers must not suppose the chame- 
leon chauges to all these colors; but the fable 
teaches us the lesson not to be too positive in our 
own opinion where we may be mistaken. 



•*x< 



►►*■ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
Eliza R. Alexander, 

My Dear Little Friend; — I have received your 
letter, and am much pleased with it. I am glad 
that you appreciate the Juvenile Instructor — it 
proves to me that you love instruction. You say 
"I want to grow up to be usefuj in the kingdom of 
God." You could not have written anything that 
would please me better. It is a noble wish. If 
you will constantly cherish that-wish, and ever keep 
that purpose in your heart, and continue to pray 
to God to help you, you will be sure to attain to it. 

Now, while you are very young, is the time to 
lay the foundation for yourself, that you may be- 
come a wise and useful -woman — one that good 
people will love and respect. I feel much interest- 
ed for you: I wish each name-sake of mine to be- 
come a better and more useful woman than myself. 
There is a great deal of good to be done, and little 
girls as well as little boys, should be preparing 
themselves to do it. 

I am glad you are learning to sing; singing is a 
very delightful and useful accomplishment for child- 
ren. It cultivates the heart and softens the dispo- 
sition and affords opportunities to please and 
entertain others. It is pleasing to the Lord when 
the Saints praise Him in songs. 

Whatever you undertake to learn, do it thoroughly 
and try to understand it, or else you will study to 
no purpose. When you attend school, whether in 
singing, or your day school, always be there in 
season; and while you are young, establish the^ 
habit of punctuality for your observance through 
life. In all of your studies, never fail to ask God to 
help you, that you may learn much in a little time. 
It is not those that go to school most, that make 
the best scholars. 

It is a great pity that some little girls think more 
of dressing gay and fine than they do of improving 
their minds and manners. To dress fine and look 
pretty, is a very foolish and silly ambition; yet every 
one should be very neat and clean, for the Spirit of 
the Lord will not stay in a filthy place. Little 
girls should keep their rooms, as well as themselves, 
neat, so that good angels will love to come and drive 
away everything that is^evil; and they will whisper 
good things into your mind and assist you in get- 
ting your lessons. Bad spirits make you forget 
what is good, and good ones help you to remember. 
My dear Eltea, I pray for G«d to bless you and 
help you to be obedieut to your kind parents, and 
loving to your dear brothers and sisters, and grow 
up to be a Saint in very deed, 

E. R. Snow. 

P. S. Please write when you receive this. 



>"*" 



Gratitude of a Lion: — A Lion, which for its 
extreme beauty was to be sent to Paris from Sene- 
gal, fell sick before the departure of the vessel, and 
was let loose to die on an open space of ground. 
A traveler there, as he returned home from a hunt- 
ing excursion, found him in a very exhausted state, 
and compassionately poured a quautity of milk down 
his throat. From that time he became so tame, 
and was so attached to his benefactor, that he after- 
wards ate from his hand and followed him like 
a dog. 



THE JUVENILE 



INSTRUCTOR. 



35 




r^j~^*,-\^^* 



S lutein I e SiiHtrttrtar. 



GEORGE Q, CANNON, ...,' EDITOR, 



MAY 1, 186 6 



ABOUT DREAMS. 




E expect that many of you have 
read in the Bible and the Book 
of Mormon. If you have, you 
have read about the Lord warn- 
ing His people in dreams when 
they were in danger. ' Joseph, the 
son of Jacob, was a correct dream- 
er. You will find the account of 
some of his dreams in the 3*rth chap- 
ter of Genesis. The Lord gave him 
also the interpretation of dreams, 
Pharaoh, King ofJEgypt, had two very 
mportant dreams, which Joseph interpret- 
ed. Genesis, 41st chapter. Daniel, the 
prophet, had also the gift to interpret 
dreams. He interpreted a dream for King 
Nebuchadnezzar (Daniel, 4th chapter) which we 
who now live are*seeing fulfilled. Joseph, the re- 
puted father of our Lord and Savior Jesus, was 
commanded in a dream, while Jesus was a baby, to 
take him and his mother Mary and flee into Egypt. 
Mathew 2nd chapter, 13th verse. By doing this 
the life of Jesus was saved. 

We give you the chapters in the Bible, so that 
you can find those accounts and read them for your- 
selves. 

Probably you, children, have all liad dreams. To 
dream correctly is a gift from the Lord. 

There are many people in the world in these 
days, however, who laugh at dreams, and call 
people fools who believe in them. They seem to 
think that dreams did very well in old times; but 
now they cau do without them. But we have found 
them very useful in these days. We lately read an 
account of a dream, which pleased us so much that 
' we ihought we would write it for our little 
Juveniles. _^ 

There is a saw-mill a few miles from Scipio, or 
Round Valley, Millard County. Two men were 
working at that mill by themselves. One of 
them — Bro. Goff — dreamed one night that he must 
go away from there, or he would be scalped. The 
dream made a deep impression upon him. In the 
morning, being thus warned, he persuaded the 
brother who was working with him to leave there 
too. They both started for Deseret City — their 
place of residence — upwards of forty miles distant. 
They took the road which led directly to their 
home, and did not call at Scipio. 

The very morning they left the mill, a band of 
wicked Indians came down the kanyon, and stole a 
number of horses and cattle belonging to the people 
of Scipio. Besides stealing the cattle and horses, 
, they killed and stripped a man and a boy whom 
they met. When the men of Scipio followed the 
trail of the cattle they found the bodies of the two 
whom the Indians had murdered. Not finding 
the two men at the mill, they supposed they were 
also killed by the Indians. This caused the report 
to spread that three men and a boy were missing. 
But Brother Goff's dream had saved himself and 
companion. They knew no more about the Indians 
coming than the people of Scipio did. 

Now, children, do you not think it was better for 
Brother Goff and his partner to believe in dreams 
than to call them foolish? By believing that God 
could warn them of danger in a dream, they escap- 
ed. But if they had said: "Oh, dreams are not to 
be trusted; we will not be so silly as to believe in 



a dream and leave our work;'' they would, very 
likely, have been killed. 

The Lord speaks to His people and shows them 
things in many ways. Sometimes He gives them 
visions, sometimes dreams, sometimes He whispers 
by His Spirit to their minds. Children ought to have 
their minds open to receive the teachings and warn- 
ings which the Lord may give them. When they 
do this constantly, they wilt- never be caught 
unawares. Every import-ant thing, which they 
should know, will be revealed to them. They will 
also be able to know which are good dreams that 
can be' trusted, and which arc not. 

For the Juvenile Instructor, 

MAY. 



.-.----_-. ^ 



Every little boy and girl looks for May-day be- 
fore it comes, and likes to enjoy a May-walking 
when the day arrives. May-day is the first of May, 
and has been observed in various countries, for a 
great many ages, as a holiday. 

In England the people used to have May-poles, 
like our liberty poles, which they decorated on 
May-morning with garlands of flowers, gathered 
for the purpose, and danced round them dressed in 
their holiday clothes. Various kinds* of games, 
dancing and amusements were generally indulged 
in. 

In May the skies have become clear; the flowers 



are beginning to bloom; the birds 



sing 



m 



the 



boughs of the trees, and everything appears joyful, 
as if all nature were rejoicing and giving thanks to 
the great Creator for His mercies. 

May is the fifth month of the year. It was 
the third mouth of the old Eoman calendar. It is 
supposed to be derived from Mala, who was said 
to be the mother of Mercury. This Mercur^was 
one of the false gods worshipped by some of the 
ancients, who did not know the true God. But 
the derivation of May is not definitely known, and 
we have only given that which is most generally 
accepted. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



FLOWERS 



A long time ago a Persian prince was taken 
prisouer by a cruel king and thrown into a dungeon, 
where he was expected to die soon from privation 
and grief. All efforts of his friends to deliver him 
proved fruitless, until one morning a young girl 
made her appearance before .the king with a beau- 
tiful bouquet of flowers, begging him to let rfer 
send these flowers to the poor and forsaken captive. 
The king thought he could grant so small a favor, 
and the flowers were brought to the prince; but he 
had no sooner seen them, than tears of joy burst into 
his eyes, for each flower had a certain meaning, 
which the prince understood : they told him to be of 
good cheer, and made known to him, also, the time 
and means of his deliverance. Acting according to 
directions received through the flowers, he effected 
his escape and became afterwards the king of that 
country. 

There are several nations in Asia who have 
among them a language of flowers, by which they 
are able to send messages to one another? Not 
only in Asia, but among us also ate flowers taken as 
the expressions of various feelings, virtues and sen- 
timents. The lily, for instance, has been chosen on 
account of its spotless white as the emblem of inno- 
cence, the beautiful rose as the picture of youth, 
beauty andjov, the little violet, growing retired in 
some shady place on the way side, as the expression 
of modesty, the evergreen ivy as the sign of im 
mortality, the splendid but scentless tulip as the 



image of vanity aud pride, and the little daisy as a 
representation of gentleness and domestic virtue, etc. 
It appears that the love for flowers is deeply 
rooted in the human soul, for little children are 
very fond of playing with them; and it is said that 
the mother of the great philosopher Linnaeus cover- 
ed his cradle, where he lay when a child, with flow- 
ers to keep him quiet, which first awakened in him 
his love for them. On a birthday or on other 
festive occasions in the family, we like to present 
flowers to those we love, as the best expression of 
our affection, and no bride in some countries would 
go .to the altar without her bridal-wreath. And 
having expressed through our life the sentiments of 
love, gratitude and affection through them, having 
made them the companions of our happiness and 
our grief, they also adorn the graves of our friends 
in death. 

They are, by their beautiful color, the gems of the 
field; by their sweet fragrance the sought-for com- 
panion of man; they call forth the highest admira- 
tion by their almost countless variety of size and 
form, from the tiny flower of. the mosses and lich- 
ens, scarcely discernable Oy the naked eye up to the 
gigantic Victoria Regia, which may support a little 
child on its leaves; or from the little bluebell on 
our mountain slopes to the chandelier-flower of the 
Aloe, which attains the bight of from 45 to 50 feet, 
and is supposed to blossom only once in a hundred 
years. 

Seme flowers consist of a whole bunch of small 
ones standing around a single stem. * The sunflower, 
is composed of hundreds of little flowers, which 
again are all surounded by a rim of yellow leaves. 
There are flowers like stars, like balls, like the mouth 
of some animal, like trumpets, or like a cross, etc. 
Some have edges sharp like a razor, some have 
teeth like a saw, some are smooth like paper, some 
like velvet, some rough and overgrown with hair. 

Net all flowers blossom at the same time of the 
year, nor even at the same time of the day. Some 
blossom only during the night. This circumstance 
suggested the idea of a flower watch, consisting of 
a collection of flowers, of which each one is in its 
bloom during a certain hour only, indicating there- 
by the time of the day. The most of flowers sleep 
during the night; that is, they close their leaves, and 
then open them again at sunrise; the closing how- 
ever is so tight that you cannot unfold them without 
spoiliug them; and still when they open in the 
morning themselves, they look as fresh and beauti- 
ful as they did the day before. 

God, our Father, seems to have lavished upon 
them all the beauty by which He wishes to mani- 
fest his affection for his children here upon earth, 
speaking through them to us in a language, which 
even the child instinctively understands. 

"And with childlike, credulous affection, 
We behold their tender buds expand — 
Emblems of our own great resuregtion, 
Emblems of the bright and better land," 



<~»> 



SPRING WORK FOR THE BIRDS. 



The birds are now building their nests, some in 
high trees quite out of sight, some in the banks, 
some in the grass, some in hollow trees, and some 
under a clod.of earth in the field. The nests are 
built of hay, straw, moss, hair, bits of wool, and 
little pieces, of stick, How soft they are inside; 
how nice and warm. You could not build a bird's 
nest, nor could I. God taught the birds to build their 
pretty nests. Sometimes there are four or five 
young ones in a nest. They open wide their mouths 
to take their food. Never rob a poor bird of its 
eggs or its young. It is very cruel to do so. How 
would you like to be stolen away from your dear 

home? 

-^ 

The Bible says the devil is like a roaring lion, 
seeking whom he may devour. He tries to make 
us do wrong and sin against God, that he may de- 
stroy us. •»;, 



86 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



r.-v-^- „-^-.-_-„~ *r -■ 



^attri]. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
LITTLE BETTY. 



Little Betty loves her doll 
And makes it pretty dresses; 

She makes its bonnet and its shawl, 
And smooths its tiny tresses*. 

She has a little rocking chair, 
With tidy and a cushion; 

Betty lays her baby there, 
And with gentle motion, 

And a softlull-a-by, 
And love's smile in her eye, 
She is trying to keep 
Her doll baby asleep, 
As she'sings it a sweet lull-a-by. 

Betty, hears the school-bell ring 
And with no frown or sadness, 

Doll and chair and every thing 
Are laid aside with gladness. 

Betty bidding doll good bye, 
Three fond kisses, gives it, 

Saying "darling do not cry 
When its mamma leaves it." 

And away Betty hies, 
With her bright laughing eyes — 
In good time she's in school, 
And obeys ev'ry rule, 
And a'good little scholar is she. 

E. R. S. 
G. S. L. City. 

. ^iQnfr— 



tagrnpjnj. 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. 

(continued.) 




N their way West, Elders Cow- 
dery, John Whitmer, P. P. Pratt 
and Z. Peterson passed through 
Ohio. Before Elder Pratt em- 
braced the gospel he had been 
a preacher of the Pteforuied Bap- 
tist Church. Sidney -Rigdon was 
one cf the leading men in the 
same church. The Elders, when they 
reached his neighborhood, called upon 
him and gave him the Book of Mor- 
mon to read. A. number of persons 
•who lived at Kirtland, a few miles distant 
from Sidney BJgdon's, also began to in- 
quire after the truth. The Elders bap- 
tized seventeen people at Kirtland, many 
of whom afterwards became leading members in the 
church. Sidney Rigdon also was baptized. 

In December of that year, (1830) at Fayette, in 
the State of New Yorff, Sidney Piigdon and Edward 
Partridge visited Joseph to obtain the word of the 
Lord respecting themselves. While on this visit 
Joseph baptized Edward Partridge. He was after- 
wards ordained the first Bishop of the church. 
Joseph and his family accompanied them on their 
return and reached Kirtland about the beginning 
of February. By this time the branch of the 
church in Kirtland had considerably increased in 
numbers. After Joseph moved to Kirtland the 
Saints from New York and other places began to 
gather there, the Lord having chosen ft as a stake 
of Zion and a place of gathering. 

On the Gth of June, 1831, a conference was held 
at Kirtland, and for the first time in this generation 
Hio-h Priests were ordained. After the' confer- 
ence Joseph and a number of other Elders started 
for Missouri. They reached Independence, Jackson 
County, about the middle of July. The Lord re- 
vealed to Joseph that Independence is the center 
place — -the place for the city of Zion, and the spot 
where the Temple is to stand. A number of the 



Saints followed the prophet Joseph and settled in 
Jackson county. On the 2nd day of August Joseph 
assisted in laying the first log for a house as a founda- 
tion for Zion. This was in Kaw township, twelve 
miles west of Independence. The log was carried 
and put in its place by twelve men in honor of the 
Twelve tribes of Israel. The land was consecrat- 
ed and dedicated for the gathering of the Saints. 
The spot for the Temple — a little west of Inde- 
pendence — was also dedicated by the prophet Joseph. 
Soon afterwards Joseph and his companions, the 
Elders, left Independence to return to Kirtland. 

Joseph was very diligent in his labors. The 
number of revelations which he received in those 
days were very great. The knowledge which the 
Lord bestowed upon the Church through him glad- 
ened and enlightened the righteous. Revelations 
and knowledge were much needed because all men 
were ignorant about the will of the Lord and the 
truth-in its fullness and purity. But by faith, and 
the power which God bestowed upon Joseph, he 
could obtain knowledge upon any point of doctrine 
which it was necessary for the Eiders to know. 
Children, you can readily see what great advantages 
these were. If he wanted to know concerning the 
manner of conducting meetings, or what kind of 
officers to ordain, or how to build up the the church, 
or where to go and preach and what to preach, he 
could ask the Lord and be told, and by this means 
he could do just what the Lord wanted to have 
done. 

After his return from Missouri he moved to the 
town of Hiram, about thirty miles distant from 
Kirtland. While at that place he labored at the 
new translation of the Bible, Sidney Rigdon 
wrote for him as he translated it. In translating 
the Bible Joseph received much valuable knowledge. 

Some of the Elders, priding themselves on their 
smartness, had sought to excel Joseph in their 
language. About this time they had some .conver- 
sation about revelations and language. Some of 
them probably thought that the language of the 
revelations might be made better. The Lord, 
knowing their hearts, told them that they might 
seek the least revelation which Joseph-had received, 
and appoiut the wisest of them to write one like it. 
If they could write one like it, then they would be 
justified in saying that they did not know that the 
revelations which Joseph had received were true. 
But if they could not make one like it, the Lord 
would condemn them if they did not bear record 
that they were true. 

Would you think that any man, after reading 
tlie words of Jesus in the revelations, would try and 
write a revelation like it? No good or wise man 
would do so. He would not dare to do such a 
thing. But one of the Elders, who was there at 
that time, tried to write a revelation. He thought 
himself a very wise man. But was he? No; he was 
a very foolish man. His narner was William McLel- 
lin. He afterwards apostatized, and became a 
bitter enemy to the work of God and to Joseph. 
You could not expect any .thing else from a man 
who would write in the name of the Lord without 
authority. Of course he failed in his attempt. The 
Elders and all who were present and saw his miser- 
able failure to write the language of Jesus Christ, 
were renewed in their faith. They saw plainly that 
no oq.e but the Lord could give such revelations as 
they had received through Joseph, and they re- 
joiced much. * 

When we devote our youth to God 

'Tis pleasing in His eyes; 
A flower when offered in the bud 

Is no vain sacrifice. 

'Tis easier work if we begin ' 

To serve the Lord betimes; 
While sinners that grow old in sin 

Are hardened in their crimes. * 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE LITTLE BOYS AND THE 
MOUNTAIN. 



Three little boys were anxious, to get to the top 
of a mountain near them, to enjoy the beautiful 
view that could be seen from its summit. One of 
them cried, and threw himslf upon the ground in a " 
rage because he could not get to the top in a mo- 
ment; the other started to walk but got tired and 
turned back: but the third left his companions, 
walked on, whistling cheerfully as he went, and in 
due time reached the summit. Which was the 
most sensible boy? 

So it is with many little boys and girls who start 
out in life. They see, or read about, persons who 
are, or have been, very good and useful, very learn- 
ed and accomplished, and they feel a desire to be 
like them. But some get discouraged because they 
cannot 'become wise and learned and great all at 
once; and so they fret and waste their time instead 
of improving their moments and hours in learning 
what would make them good and useful. Others 
commence well and very zealously, but they find it 
requires more patience and labor, to become what 
they wish, than they possess, so they give it up, and 
generally become frivolous, vain, worthless and un- 
happy men and women. But the boys and girls 
who make their mark in the world, — who become 
noble, honored and happy men and women, are 
those who do not expect nor try to accomplish too 
much at once, but who patiently persevere, learning 
a little every day, 'and performing every little duty 
in the best manner they can. 

Little boys and girls who read this can, by 
patiently and perseveringly trying, become just as 
noble, wise and good as they desire. 



^M< 



•zm^: 



:o:- 



Tiie following have answered correctly the rid- 
dle in No. 7: the answer is The Book of Mor- 
mon:— 

Melissa Riggs; Pauline E. Brown; John P. 
Smith, Junr.; M. A. Lambert; William Grims- 
dcll; Alma Peterson; Hellen Brown; Cynthia 
Porter. « 

Several replies to the charade in No. 6 arrived 
I too late for inserting the names in No. 8. 

CHARADE. 



BY JOHN P. SMITH, JUNR. 

i am composed of 19 letters. 

My 4. 2. 9. is "the noblest work of God." 

My 1. 2. 5. G. is an insect. 

My 1. 2. 7. is a great calamity. 

My 12. 5/18. is a beast of burden. 
' My 5. 19. 13. 14. is a Bible name. 

My 8. 8. 16. is the Spanish for a large stream. 

My 17. 5. 12. are the initials of a great republic. 

My 11. 7. 8. 10. lo. 2. 4. is the first name of a 
modern prophet, whom the good revere and the 
wicked hate. 



Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. 
On the First and Fifteenth of every Month. 

:o: 

GEOKGE Q, CANNON, Editor. 
-:o: 

TERMS-ALWAYS IN ADVANCE, 

Single Copy, for Six Months $1 50 

Single Copy, per Annum 3 00 

Ten Copies, per Annum, furnished to Clubs 

and Agents 27 00 

Where grain and other articles are paid on subscriptions, 
they will be rceived at cash market rates "where they are 
paid in. It is expected where Agents forward names they 
will be responsible for the papers thus ordered; and when 
cash payments are made they will please forward them 
with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

Elder Wm, H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General' 
Agent for Cache Valley. 

Grain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor 
will be received, for the present, at the General Tithiug 
Office; care should be taken to state on what account it is 
paid in. 

Bishops and other influential men will oblige by aiding 
in increasing the subscription of the Juvenile Instructor. 

No pains will be spared to make this paper, both in 
matter and appearance, worthy of the patronage of every 
parent in the Territory, 



