
VOL XI [. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FKBRUARY 15, 1877. 



NO. 4. 



IN (:>riental . 
India some i 1 



j^ snsr^^iCE cD:H:j^:R:M::Ei:Et. 




)riental 
some 
of thenitives 
are exceed- 
ingly clever 
at handling 
the enormous 
snakes that 
are found in 
that country 
in such great 
abundance. 
To do this 
they resort to 
methods by 
which the 
venom of the 
snakes is re- 
moved. To 
give effect to 
the perform- 
ance of snake 
"ch?rming," 
they appear 
in the mid-^^t 
of the reptiles 
as represent- 
ed in the pic- 
ture, in the 
dress of the 
country, such 
as would foriu 
no protection 
against the 
bite of a ser- 
pent. The 
spectators 
who are in 
ignorance of 
the strata- 
jtem re.wrted 
to by the ex 
hibitor sup- 
jiose there i.-* 
Houic magical 
f 1 u c n ce 




exerted, to 
"charm" the 
snakes. The 
terrible cobra 
di capello is 
frequently 
>een among 
other snakes 
erect and 
menacing in 
attitude, ap- 
p a r e n 1 1 y 
ready to 
strike the ex- 
hibitor; but 
before he is 
allowed to le 
seen in public 
he has been 
iiritated until 
he has ex- 
hausted the 
contents of 
the poisonous 
sacswhich are 
the source of 
mischief from 
the insertion 
of the fangs, 
with w h ic h 
the creature 
inflicts a fatal 
wound in its 
o r (1 i n a r y 
slufc. It is 
s'a id that 
the "suako 
charmer" 
holds a cloth 
before the 
venomous 
reptile in 
such a way 
as to allow it 
to bite and 
exi)cnd • its 





38 



0" TJ "V" E IN" I H. E IltTSTI^TJGTOI?.. 



"m> 
"^ 



energies and exhaust its poisonous fangs. Great care is theu 
taken to let the creature remain without water, in which case 
no further supply of the poisonous secretion, or '"virus," can 
be generated. 

Occasionally the "snake charmer" leaves his native country 
and gives exhibitions of his wonderous powers in European 
cities, greatly to the a.stonishment of the uninitiated, and to 
the benefit of the "charmer" financially. With well informed 
people the power of snake charmiGg is considered a trick 
worthy of the juggler, and the daring shown is not because 
the exhibitor can fascinate the snake, but because the reptile 
is powerless to do evil by its bite. 

The serpents of India, as well as the snakes of this country, 
are sensible to sounds. A soft plaintive whistle or the beating 
of a "torn tom." a sort of small drum, as seen in the engrav- 
ing, will cause them to be excited to .such an extent that they 
will writhe about, and occasionally Ltrike at objects. This is 
cidled "dancing," aid is supposed to be the effect -of fascina- 
tion. It is, in reality, only natural for reptiles to be arou.sed 
by a fear of danger, and to try to defend themselves. In this 
respect some of our tiny "horned toads" will dance about 
when irritated, and attempt to defend themselves by biting. ■ 
At times they will even expel a fluid from the nostrils with 
such force as to show they are pugnacious if not able to defend 
themselves against a powerful adversary. 

The cobra di capello is a species of viper, and is known as 
the "hooded snake," from the fact that it has the power of 
dilating the skin behind the head so as to give it the appear- 
ance of a hood, or cowl. Much has been said respecting the 
habits of serpents and snakes in some of the former numbers 
of the JuvE.vii.E Instructor. J. B. 



lltograiilig. 



j"Os:e]I=h: sns^iiTs:, this 



(Continued.) 




OX Sunday, March 27th, ls:;(i, the various quorums of the 
priesthood, and the people met in the House of the Lard 
for the purpose of dedicating it. The stands in the west and 
east ends of the House were filled by the quorams and the 
presidents for which they were intended, and the people, num- 
Iioring as near as could be calculated lietween nine and ton hun- 
dred, were then seated. Even then there was a large number 
left out, for whom room could not be found. The proceedings 
during that day were most interesting to all concerned. The 
power of God was poured out mightily, and the Saints rejoiced 
with a joy which cannot be described. 

After singing and praj-er, and the delivery of a discourse by 
Siduey Rigdon, each quorum was called upon to manifest their 
willingness to acknowledge Joseph as a Prophet and Seer and 
to uphold him as such. This all the quorums, as well as the 
entire congregation, cheerfully complied with. After an inter- 
mission of twenty minutes, the services of the day wore resumed, 
and Joseph made a short address, and called upon the several 
quorums and all the congregation to acknowledge the I'resi 
dency as Trophcts and Seers and to uphold them as such. 
He then called upon them to acknowledge the Twelve Apostles, 
as Prophets, Sccrs and Pijve'.ator.?, and s^pccla! witncs.':cs to a'l 



the nations of the earth, holding the keys of the Kingdom to 
open it, or cause it to be done, to them. All the other quorums 
were in like manner presented, and in like manner sustained. 
Then followed the dedicatory prayer, which was offered by 
Joseph, and which the several quorums and the congregation 
were asked separately if they accepted, and acknowledged the 
house dedicated; to which, in every instance, they responded 
that they did. The Lord's supper was then administered, 
after which, Joseph and several of the Elders bore testimony; 
among others, President Brigham Young spoke in tongues. 
The proceedings of the day were sealed by the shouting of 
Hosanna, Ilosanna, Hosanna to God and the Lamb, three 
times, sealing it each time with. Amen, Amen, and Amen. 

In the evening Joseph again met with the quorums. He 
gave the Elders instructions respecting the spirit of prophecy 
and called upon them to sjeak and not to fear, and the spirit 
of prophecy should rest down upon them. Brother George A. 
Smith arose and began to prophesy, when a uoise was heard 
like the sound of a rushing, mighty wind, which filled the 
Temple, and all the congregation simultaneously arose, being 
moved upon by an invisible power. Many began to speak in 
tongues and prophesy; others saw glorious visions, and Joseph 
beheld that the Temple was filled with angels, and told the 
congregation so. The people of the ueighborhood, hearing an 
unusual sound within the Temple, and seeing a bright light 
like a pillar of Are resting upon it, came running together, and 
were astonished at what was transpiring. 

On Tuesday, March 29th, 1830, the First Presidency and 
some others met in the House of the Lord, and were com- 
manded to remain there all night. They were told that they 
must cleanse their feet and partake of the sacrament that they 
might be made holy before the Lord, and thereby be qualified 
to officiate in their calling, upon the morrow, in washing the 
feet of the Elders. This they did, and after attending to those 
ordinances they continued prophesying and giving glory to 
God. 

The next day, Joseph and the leading Elders, with all the 
official members of that stake of Zion, met in the Temple of 
the Lord to attend to the ordinance of washing of feet. The 
I'residency washed the feet of the Presidents of the several 
quorums. Many prophecies and blessings were pronounced 
and sealed with Hosanna and Amen. The enemies of Christ 
%!eTe not forgotten, and many predictions were there uttered 
respecting them that have since been fulfilled upon their heads. 
These labors occui)ied the time from cii,ht in the mor'iing until 
seven in the evening. Then bread and wine were brought in, 
(for all had fasted through the day,) and Joseph and his 
Counselors blessed the bread and gave it to the Twelve and 
they to the brethren present. 

Joseph afterwards gave much instruction, saying, among 
other things, that he had now completed the organization of 
the Church, and they had passed through all the necessary 
ceremonies they were prepared to receive; and for the present 
he had given them all the instruction they needed, and they 
were now at liberty, after obtaining their licenses, to go forth 
and build up the Kingdom of God. Himself and the rest of 
the Presidency then retired, having been up all the preceding 
night, and left the meeting in charge of the Twelve. The entire 
night was occupied in exhorting, prophesying and speaking in 
tongues. The Savior made His appearance to some, while 
angels ministered to others. 

These were times long to be remembered. As Joseph said: 
it was a pentecost and an endowment indeed; and the occur- 
rences of that day .'hjuld Le handed down, upon the pages of 





CTTJ^ElItTIXjEi IISrSTI?.TJOTOI?.. 



39 




sacred history, to all generations. As the day of pentecost, so 
shall this day, said he, be numbered and celebrated as a year 
of jubilee and time of rejoicing to the Saints of the Most High 
God. 

The endowment of the Elders caused the work of God to 
take a mighty stride, and from that time the preaching of the 
gospel took a much wider range. 

The next day, ■Srarch 31st, 1836, was occupied in performing 
the ceremonies of the dedication of the House of the Lord for 
the benefit oftho.se who could not get into the House the pre- 
vious Sabbath. 

(To he Continued.) 







IN conversation the other day with aleading NewEnglanl 
journalist, he remarked tnat the treatment of the Quakers 
and of the Latter day Saints were two dark spots in the histoi-y 
of the people of America. This is very true. The persecution 
of the Quakers, however, was not on so large a scale nor con- 
tinued through so many years as that of the Latter day Saints, 
but it was a fierce persecution while it lasted. According to 
Mather, a prominent New England writer, Quakerism exhib- 
ited itself in Salem before it was known as a sect in England, 
and in the eyes of the Puritans it was a terrible heresy. They 
styled the Quakers "a pernicious set of heretics," and, of 
course, they treated them accordingly. The Quakers were 
"made the subjects of reproach, scorn, buffeting, scourges, 
torture, and death." They were "stripped ofthe clothes they 
wore, and robbed ofthe beds whereon they lay." But so far 
from being discouraged by this usage, they "courted persecu- 
tion and gloried in suffering." When these people arrived in 
JMassachusetts they were first imprisoned and then were ban- 
ished, and their books were ordered to be burned by the com- 
mon hangman in the market place at Boston. Even the mas- 
ter of the ship who brought them into the port was imprisoned 
until he gave bonds to carry them away, free of charge. To 
obviate the necessity of ftirther severities, attempts were made 
to prevent Quakers from coming there. The general court 
passed a law prohibiting the masters of vessels to land any of 
the "cursed sect" upon the shores of Massaehusetts, or to 
import any book.s containing their "devilish opinions. " The 
colonies in confederacy with Massachusetts adopted similar 
regulations, and it was urged upon Rhode Island to do the like; 
but the authorities of that colony wisely replied, that they 
could not persecute any man for difference of opinion, and 
that the Quakers already loathed Rhode Island, as a place 
where they could preach without contra liction, and revile 
without punishment. Under the guidance of Roger Williams, 
Rhode Island was a colony where men had the liberty of 
thinking and acting as they pleased in matters of religion, .so 
long as they did not trespass upon the rights of their neighbors; 
and it is a remarkable fact that while the peop'e of Jlassa- 
chusetts were .so dreadfully annoyed by the presence and 
many of the strange antics and teachings of the Quakcr.s, 
Rhode Island, where they had the right to do as they pleased, 
was free from all trouble cau.sed by them. 

Notwithstanding the vigorous measures adopted to prevent 
the (Quakers coming into the colonies, these people still 
increased in numbers in Ma.ssachusett.s. Tlie general court 
then ordered that all perfons who gave secret encouragement 
or hospitality to the "blasphemou.s heretics," should be 



heavily fined and imprisoned. If a man entertained a 
Quaker over night as a matter of chariry, he was punished. 
For the crime of being a Quaker it was provided that for the 
first conviction, the culprit, if male, should !o.se one of his 
ears, or, if female, be severely whipped; that, for a second 
conviction, these punishments should be repeated; and that, 
for a third conviction, whether male or female, their tongue 
should be bored through with a red-hot iron. Dreadfully 
severe laws these, for a people to enact, who themselves had 
fled from religious persecution I 

Severe as were the.se penalties, the Quaker followers con- 
tinued to increase. The prisons rapidly filled up with captives 
who would neither work for their support nor pay the fees of 
their jailors. To correct this evil, IMassachusctts issued an 
order that "the (,)uakers in prison be whipped twice a week 
if they refuse to work, and the first lime to add five stripes to 
the former ten, and each time to add three to them." They 
bore the whipping with fortitude, but would not raise a finger 
ti work in prison. They established their headquarters at 
Rhode Island, and no sooner was one party of Quakers 
dispersed, than another detachment departed for Massachu- 
setts, burning with zeal and eager for martyrdom. As they 
held their meetings in secret, the magistrates increased their 
severity. It was made a crime to listen to Quakers preaching; 
and spies were paid to ferret out secret meetings. If any peison 
absented himself from the usual public worship, it created 
suspicion, and a man who would wear his hat when he 
should be uncovered was liable to arrest, because this was a 
Quaker fashion. Members of this "cur.sed .sect" who were 
not inhabitants of the colony were banished en p;iin oi death; 
but "hardly a man banished the colony, by virtue ot this 
severe law, but returned ^gain in a few months, animated 
with new zeal for propagating his opinions." Que New 
England writer says they tlieed and tlwued with renewed 
empha>is, and addressed the judges who tried them by their 
christian names. It was surely a sore trial for the magistracy 
to be thus bearded by heretics, who feared not their laws, 
who reverenced not their persons, and who made light of all 
they considered sacred. Such was, at length, the obstinacy 
of the Quakers in refusing obedience to the authorities, that 
an order was passed to sell some of them into slavery in any of 
the English plantations in Virginia or Barbadoes. But even 
the dread of this horrible fate made no manner of impression 
ni>on them. 

Then terrible examples were made. Two men and a woman 
had been banished on pain of death and were again arrested 
in the colonies, while threatening the people with judgment. 
The woman was a second time banished; but the men were 
strangled by the iniblio executioner, and their bodies were 
cast into holes. Other executions lollowed, and the common 
l)eoiile were greatly moved with .xynjpathy at the .sufferings 
of the Quakers. The women lifted up their voices and wept, 
while the men asisembled about the pri.son with fierce gestures 
and bitter imprecations and threatened its destruction. These 
signs of dis.satisfaotion, which were continually increasing, 
the authorities thouglit unsafe to disregard. After (hat, they 
ordered that vagabond (,)uakers should be delivered to the 
constable of the town in which they were arrested, and under 
his direction, .striiiped naked from the middle upwards, tied 
to a "cart's tail," and whipped through the town, and so 
through every town, to the nearest border ot the settlement, 
where they were to be discharged. If they returned thrice, 
they wer(^ to b<i brand(Ml on thc^ Icd't shoulder with the letter 
R, and a fourth repetition of the offence was to render tlie 





4=0 



J-TJ^ElSrirjE] in^STI^TJCTOI^. 




I 



liable to banishment on pain of death as formerly. As for 
those Qt-akers who should ari^e among the inhabitants of the 
colony, they were ordered to be imprisoned for one month, 
and then, unless they retracted their opinions or voluntarily 
left the colony, they were to be proceeded against in the same 
manner. It is a remarkable fact that as soon as the opposition 
and persecution were removed, the people of Massachusetts 
■vvere no longer annoyed by the Quakers. Quakerism ceased 
to be an antagonistic religion and it sunk into insignificance. 
It sounds strangely to us in these days to read that violent 
measures against the Quakers wore afterwards excused on the 
ground that the "toleration of the Quakers was one of the 
principal sins which brought on the Indian war as a chastise- 
ment." (T. Q. C. 






By c. R. s. 




( (ov tinned. ) 

IEAA'ING the Capitol, I visited the Botanic Gardens, 
J where the mon beautiful trees and flowers are found in 
rich profusion. There wore trees from various and distant 
parts of the world, tropical, semi-tropical, and those of our 
own latituile. The cactus growths of Southern Utah were 
there and specimens of the immense cnctus from the lower 
Colorado Valley, growing luxuriantly. The flower beds were 
arranged .so perfectly that the general harmony was complete. 
One plant of the night blooming cercus attracted my attention 
from its rarity. The array of varicgatcd-leaved plants was 
perfect. Nothing was omitted to gratif^v lovers of the beauti- 
ful. The beds were artistically arranged; no corner was 
devoid of some object of interest. Nothing that landscajie 
gardinltig could do was Ifft undone in giatif\' the sen-es. 

My time being limited, I found it impossible to visit all of 
the interesting buildings; but concluded to look through the 
Smith-sonian Institute. This noble institute was founded by 
James Suiithson, an Englishman, for the increase and difTu- 
sion of knowledge among men. It is a very valuable museum 
of rare and beautiful objects from every part of the world. 
A variety of poli.-hed mineral specimens, of every knowa 
kind, was arranged in such a plain and interesting manner 
as to challenge my admiration. Everything in the mineral 
world was represented there, and .scientifically arranged. 
Presents to different representatives of the government in 
foreign lands of the mo-t valuable character, in gold and 
silver, were preserved in glass cases. Shimmies from Egypt 
and Peru, birds, beasts fishes, reptiles, Indian pottery, relis 
from the ancient Indian mounds; in fact, everything that 
could interest the sight-.seeker. The building is fi.eproof is 
44" feet long by I '>0 feet wide, and has nine towers ranging from 
T.'i to 1-">'1 feet in height. I must not forget to menticm 
Catlin's valuable list of paintings of Indian chiefs, buffalo 
hunts and peculiarities of Indian tribes, now fast disappearing 
from the earth. 

To those who have more time to visit, there is the National 
Observatory, the U. S. Arsenal, the Navy Yard, the Washing- 
ton Monument, the Corcoran (Jallery of Arf, the Patent 



Office, the White House, the U. S. Treasury, the War and 
Navy Departments, to be seen. Fifteen miles down the 
river is Mount Vernon, the former home of Gi neral Washing- 
ton. His tomb is also there. The hou.se and grounds are 
now the property of the nation; they were bought for $200,000 
by the Ladies' Mount Vernon Association. The key of the 
Bastile, that terrible prison in Paris, presented by Lafayette, 
is preserved there; akso Picmbrandt Peale's painting of 
"Washington before Yorktown," and many other relics of 
the "father of his country," all sacredly protected from the 
reach of the curiosity hunter. 

Washington is alive with colored people — from the high- 
toned candy to the slouchy comic specimen, with battered 
hat and shabby clothes. One would almost imagine that the 
colored race claimed Washin"ton as its own. Ot)e of the 
interesting points I visited is Lincoln Park. The fine moau- 
ment to Lincoln is a shrine at which the darkies all worship. 
It is known as the "Freedman's Monument to Freedom." 
It cost SI. 5, 000, was started by Charlotte Scott, of Virginia, 
who consecrated the first 85,00 of her earnings after obtaining 
her freedom. The balance was sub cribed by other colored 
people of both sexes, and is a credit to their appreciation of 
President Lincoln. The monument is of bronze. It repres- 
ents a negro bursting his fetters, with Lincoln bidding him to 
be free. The whole composition is good. Lincoln's face has 
a thoughtful, firm and benign look. The park swarmed 
with respectable colored folks, who all seemed to enjoy the 
appreciation of tho.se who admired their monument. 

Before I leave 'Washington, I mu-t not omit to mention the 
lack of appreciation of the residents for the governing powers. 
3Iany of the law-makers are held in derision. "\'ery little 
respect is entertained for those who make laws. Some 
consider them thieves and rascals; but of cour.se it would be 
unjust to stigmatize all men for the meanness of a few. God 
handles the power of men for the accomplishment of His 
purposes; and none of us can do any more than we are 
permitted to do, neither can nations or peoples. 3Iany of the 
unfair and unjust laws enacted against the people of Utah 
would never have passed could we hiive been known at home, 
instead of being jmlged through the green spectacles of 
prejudiced iiartisans. 

It was night when £ left Washington Time was so 
precious that one had to travel when it was too dark for 
sight .seeing, so as to have each day for visiting the various 
attractions. The cars were crowded with jieople, all going to 
the "Centennial;" everybody was talking about it. Poaching 
Baltimore, the loaded cars were drawn through the lighted 
streets with seven or ei.ght mules to each car, driven tandem, 
by negroes. Such a clatter and noise I have rarely heard. 
The ponderous cars moving through the narrow streets lookeil 
veiy singular by gas li-ht. I found that an ordinance of the 
city forbids the ruiming of locomotives through the liusiness 
parts. 

Baltimore is the chief citv of Maryl.ind, is situated on the 
Patapsco River, fourteen miles from Chesapeake Bay. Fort 
McIIenry stands at the entrance of the harbor, which is 
capacious and safe. The po|)ulation in l.'^TO was l2riT,-'>.")4. It 
is the center of an immense trade. Two lines of European 
steamers run from here. The canning of oj'sters, fruits and 
vegetables reaches the annual value of $.'1,000,000. .")00,000 
hides are annually converted into leather and sent to the 
Eastern States. There are 2,201 industrial establishments, 
consisting in part of iron works, rolling mills, nail factories, 
locomotive works, cotton factories, and oyster, fruit and 





vJ TJ "V E IN" I L E3 I2srSTI?/UOTOie/ 



41 




vegetable packing establishments. Chesapeake Bay, being 
the greatest known o.vster bed in the world, large shipments 
are now being made to Europe. 

Baltimore is also called the monumental eitj'; the chief one 
being the Washington Monument, which is ITti feet in height, 
and is surmounted by a colossal statue of Washington, sixteen 
feet hiirh. Then there is the Battle IMonument, and the 
Wildey Monument, the latter in honor of Thomas Wildey, 
the founder of the Order of Odd Fellows in the United 
States. 

But we must leave Baltimore, and continue eastward. 
Everything along the line of the road is old and settled up 
long ago. We cross the Sufquehannah River on a wooden 
bridge nearly a mile long. Wilmington, Delaware, is next 
reached, a city of .3i),()0(i inhabitants, bristling with industry; 
powder mills, car, woolen and leather factories. Next Chester, 
the oldest town in Pennsylvania, fourteen miles from Phila- 
delphia. 

Agents now wait upon us to furnish rooms and accommo- 
dations in the "Centennial" city, but as we fortunately have a 
home to go to, we do not need their advice. The cars are 
crammed, eveybody is full of expectation, and in the midst 
of noise and confusion we reach I'hiladelphia. 
To he Continued. 



uisriDTL'Y" Ij E s s o 3sr s 

FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XLVII. 



Q. — When did .Tosei.li arrive in Kirtland from Missouri? 

A. — About the 1st of August. 

Q. — What was established in Kirlhind during the winter cf 
1834? 

A. — A school for lectures on theology. 

Q. — Who called on Joseph Smith, in February, 1835? 

A. — Brighan Young and his brother Joseph. 

Q. — What instruction did he give them? 

A. — He told them to gather the members of Zion's Camp 
together. 

Q. — What did he want to see them for? 

A. — He said he had a blessing for them. 

Q. — When they were gathered together what did he promise 
them? 

A.^Th.it they should be ordained to the lninistr3^ 

Q. — When was this done? 

A —On the 4th of February, 183.j. 

Q. — What else was done the same day? 

A. — The three witnesses of the Cook of Mormon were called 
upon to pray. 

Q. — What were their names'' 

A. — Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer :ind Marjin Harris. 

Q. — What was done after they had prayed? 

A. — They were bbssed by the First Presidency-. 

Q. — What else was done the same day? 

A. — The Twelve Apostles were chosen. 

Q. — Who chose the Twelve Apostles? 

A. — The three witnesses. 




"Choose well the path in which you run. 

Succeed by noble daring; 
Then, through the last, wlien once it's won, 

Your crown is worth the wearing; 
Then never fret if left behind. 

Nor slacken your endeavor; 
But ever keep this truth in mind; 

"Tis better late than never!" 



^uestion^ and ^nswcr^ 

OIT THE 

book: OIF isdioiE^nvJioisr 



LESSON CXXI. 

Q.— After hiding up his records what did Moroni do' 

A.— He proceeded to give an account of the ancient inhabitants 
of the land. 

Q, — From what source did he get his account? 

A.— From the twenty-four plates, called the Book of Ether, 
found by the people of Limbi. 

Q.— Who was Ether, the author of this book? 

A.— A descendant of Jared who with his brother and some 
other families came to this land after the dispersion of the people 
at the Tower of Babel. 

Q.— After leaving Babel where did this company go' 

A.— To the sea shore, where they dwelt in tents four years. 

0.— While they were living on the sea shore what did the 
Lord do? 

A.— He appeared in a cloud to the brother of Jared, and 
chastened him because of his neglect to call upon the Lord. 

Q. — After promising to remember the words of the Lord, what 
command did the brother of Jared receive? 

A.— That he and his people should go to work and build barges 
to cross the water. 

Q.— How were these barges constructed? 

A. — So that no water could get in, they being water-tight on the 
sides and to]i as well as on the bottom. 

Q._\Vhat did the brother of Jared prepare that they might 
have light in their barges' 

A.— He went on top of a mount and melted two clear white 
stones for each boat. 

Q. — How many boats did he have? 



A.— Eight. 



oisr THiE bibxjE;. 



Q.—Why were David and Abishai not discovered before they 
got away? 

^.—Because a deep sleep from the Lord had fallen upon Saul 
and his people. 

Q._What did David do when he was on the other side, on the 
top of a hill afar oft' from Saul's camp? 

^.— He called unto the people. 

Q_ —Who answered him? 

A.— Abner, the captain of the king's host. 

Q__-What did David say to Abner? 

A.— That he deserved to die for not taking mote care of the 
king, bis master, the Lord's anointed. 

Q._Whar did David show to Abner while speaking thus to 

him? 

^ _The king's spear and the cruse of water which he had 

taken. 

Q._What did Saul say when he heard the voice of David? 

A,.— "Is this thv voice, my son David'/" 

Q.— What was David's reply? 

A.— "It is my voice, my lord, O king." 

Q._What did Saul say aftrr David h;tJ mtn.nt.'d him. plead- 
ing his causef 

A.— "I have sinned: return, my son David; for I will no more 
do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this 
day: behold, I have played llie fool, and have erred exceedingly." 

Q._'What wa.< David's answer? 

A.— He requested that one of the king's young men be sent for 
the s- car, and besought the Lord to remember him as ho had 
been mindful of the life of Saul, 

Q.— What was Saul's reply? 

A.— "Blessed be thou, my son David: th..u shall both do groat 
things, and also shalt still prevail." 





4=2 



CTTJ'VEn^irjE II^STI^/TJCTOI^,. 




^Itf ||uucnile |[nstrtts:i0i|» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



S ALT LAK E CITY. FEBEUARY 15. 1877 . 

EIDITOI?>IJ^Xj thioxjg-hits. 





ANY complaints have been made about 
the Latter-day Saiats and their proceed- 
ings in these mountains. We have been 
accused of intolerance, bigotry and ex- 
clusiveness, a disposition to deny others 
the rights of worship, etc.; but all who 
know anything about the facts understand 
that the accusation is a false one, for we 
always have, from the first settlement of 
. Lake City, opened our places of meeting 
for respectable preachers of every denoroina- 
tion. The Puritans in New England took a 
very different view of their rights as the first 
settlers of that country to what the Latter-day 
Saints have ever done. Like the Saints, they had 
fled from religious persecution, and founded the 
colonies of New England. They made their religion 
the ruling faith of the land, and the man who dif- 
fered with them felt their iron hand resting upon him- 
Their own system of religion they sustained, and not only did 
they sustain it, but they made others contribute to its support. 
The Church of England man, the Quaker, the Baptist, the 
infidel, all had to contribute for the support of the Puritan 
ministry; and though they might feel s.atisfied that their 
doctrines were incorrect, and they did not have the least faith in 
them, still they had to pay, nevertheless. This method of 
doing business was very galling to the people of the Church 
of P^Dgland, for that was the established religion of the 
mother country. Attempts were made to have a minister of 
that church established at Boston. At length one came out 
in a British frigate for the express purpose of organizing a 
church. His friends tried to borrow one of the Puritan 
meeting houses in which to hold service; but the Puritans 
would not lend it for any .such purpose. He and his people, 
therefore, had to meet wherever they could; they received no 
aid or comfort from the Puritan ministers. Oliver, the New 
England historian, says the ministers declaimed very strongly 
against this "priest of Baal," and they deprived people of 
emplovment who went to hear him. It was openly given out, 
says this historian, by the Puritans that tradesmen and 
mechanics who attended these church .services should be 
arrested by their creditors or turned out of employment. 

Why these Puritans were as bad as the "]\Iormons" in 
Utah are accused of being! For less than this we arc con- 
sidered very wicked, so wicked that we should be punished by 
the general government. 

It was fin.ally determined by the governor of the colony, 
who was a Church of England man, that that body would 
build a church. They tried to buy some land on which to 
erect it. but the Puritans would not part for this purpose with 
any imrtion of the thousand acres which form the peninsula 
of Boston. The argument of the owners of the land was, 
that they "would not .set up that which the people of P^ng- 
land came over to avoid." Thi? refusal enraged the governor, 
d he proceeded in a way that was most tyrannical, and which 



justly enraged the colonists. He demanded the keys of one 
of their churches, the "OldSjuth," and when they were refused, 
orders were issued to throw open the doors and ring the bell 
for "those of the Church of England." The ridiculous claim 
set up by this arrogant governor was, that "the king, in the 
ej'e of the law, was the owner of every meeting house in 
Massachusetts. No quit-rent deeds had been executed of 
this species of property, and if his majesty was refused a spot 
of land whereon to build a church, it was lawful and right to 
take what was alreadv his own." The people of Boston were 
terribly aroused at this act of tyranny. The historian says, 
"'Twas a sad sight to see how full the street was with people, 
gazing and moving to and fro." The preceden once estab- 
lished, the meeting house continued to be used 1 -jm time to 
time, when the necessities of the church required. Oliver 
says that care was taken, however, not to interfere with the 
regular hours of Puritan worship, and the services of the 
Church of England began only when the other services were 
ended. 



THE OIjI"VE TK.ee, 



^1 OST of our readers are very familiar with some of the 
many useful and valuable products of the olive tree, 






he f 




^-" 



'1% 







OLIVE TREES. 

though comparatively few of them have ever seen the tree 
itself 

Though it ranks as one of the most useful and profit.ible 
trees to man in existence, there is nothing about the appear- 
ance of the olive tree that is unusually attractive. In its 
native, or wild state, it is a mere thorny shrub, or small tree, 
bearing a very indifferent kind of fruit; but cultivation works 
a wonderful change in the size and appearance of the tree as 
well as the quality of the fruit. On favorable soil, with good 
cultivation, the tree attains a hight of from twenty to forty 
feet, is destitute of spines, and often lives to the very great 
age of two hundred yeai.s. It bears so profusely, too, that a 
good olive tree, when well cared for, is often a source of con- 
siderable wealth to the owner. 

There are many varieties of the olive tree, differing fron 
one another in the breadth of the leaves and other particular 




3^" 



crTJ"VE:tTiLEi insrsTi^TJOTOi?., 



4=3 




They are all evergreens, and the leaves resemble those of the 
willow. Olive trees abound in Syria, Palestine and other 
parts of the East, where they have been cultivated from a 
very early period, as the oil is mentioned in the Bible in the 
days of JaeoD. They flourish on land that is barren, mount- 
ainous, sandy and dry. They were formerlj' very numerous in 
the vicinity of Jerusalem, so much so as to give rise to the 
name of that part just east of the "holy city," across the 
narrow valley of Jehosaphat — the celebrated Mount of Olives. 
Even at the present time the trees are cultivated to a con- 
siderable extent in the same vicinity, though not so much as 
they used to be. 

Olives are also grown to a great extent in the south of 
Europe, though there they are more, probably, naturalized 
than indigenous, or native. There is also a species found in 
America, growing as far north as Virginia, which is fit for 
cultivation and use. 

That particular product of the olive with which we are best 
acquainted is the oil. This is obtained by pressing the fruit. 





FRUIT AND LEAVES OF THE OLI\'E TREE. 

Unlike most other fruit* from which oil is obtained, it is not in 
the .seed that the olive oil is chiefly found, but in the pericarpi 
or covering of the kernel. The oil is much used as an article 
of food in the countries in which it is produced, and to some 
extent in other countries, often serving the purpo.se of buttor, 
and being frequently eaten with fish, salad, etc. The fruit 
is also pickled for table use, being gathered before it is ripe 
and first steeped in lime water. In this form it is generally 
considered very disaereeable to the taste at first, but in time 
a person may acquire a taste for it and greatly relish it. Dried 
olives are also much used. 

The fruit varies in size from the small, insignificant and use- 
less berry found in the wild state to that produced by the 
most favorable cultivation, which is never larger than a 
pigeon's egg. 

The wood of the olive tree is also valuable, being extremely 

hard and capable of taking the finest polish. It is generally 

of a greenish-yellow color, with black, cloudy spots and veins 

it. It is used by cabinet makers for the finest purposes. 



The wood of the root is also very beautiful, and is frequently 
used for making snuff boxes and other fancy articles. 

The flowers that some species of the olive tree bear are quite 
fragrant, and in China and Japan they are used for flavoring 
tea. 

The olive is frequently mentioned in the scriptures. It has 
ever been considered the emblem of peace, and has been the 
subject of many parables. 



,tuvtln 




ntlm. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



{Contintied.) 



SHORTLY after our arrival, we learned that our prospects 
and reception in Hindostan were not very flattering. We 
had arrived in a strange country, having no money and few 
friends; everything appeared so strange that the very atmos- 
phere we breathed and moved in, had a peculiar influence, 
and seemed a thousand years behind the country we came 
from. We could sensibly feel the idolatrous influence of tlie 
heathen natives who had existed in this land for ages, which, 
combined with the ' 'cold charity' ' of the Christians, made us 
almost imagine that we had passed on to another planet. 
The opposition and prejudice was so worked up against us, 
that Captain Windsor's brother, who happened to be in port 
on our arrival, and who was also captain of a ship, took his 
brother as'.de, and rebuked him for bringing the "Mormon" 
Elders to India. Our captain, who in every sense of the 
word ^as a gentleman, replied to his brother, that he never 
was associated with a more agreeable class of men than were 
these "Mormon" Elders. After a very short acquaintance with 
Alexander Windsor, he became very much attached to us. 
He informed us that he was about to sail for China and would 
return to Calcutta and load for the United States. Likely 
by that time, some of the Elders might wish to return home, 
and he would be most happy to give them a passage on his 
ship. I afterwards learned from Elder N. Y. Jones that 
Alexan ler Windsor was as good as his word, for on his return 
to Calcutta he called on Bro. Jones to know if any were 
ready to go home. 

After breakfast, we made preparations to land. In getting 
our baggage from the ship on the hackries (Bengalese carts) 
as many natives as could gather around our trunks and other 
articles of baggage, would do so, in order to extort from us a 
remuneration for their assumed services. We remonstrated 
with them in Jluglish and they would jabber in Bengalee. 
They knew we were strangers, and it was their harvest to 
take every advantage of us. Along the streets from the 
Ghat to Jaun Bazar, were rows of palanquins, with four 
bearers to each, for hire. They would carry a passenger all day 
for one rupee, the value of two English shillings. The 
owners of palanquins would clamor and abuse each other to 
obtain the patronageof the "sahib" (gentleman). Asoftenas 
we refused one party another would rush in front expecting 
to be hired. Hope is a very prominent organ in the Hindoo. 

It, no doubt, a|ip(>arcd rather strange to thorn to see the 
"sahibs" following their luggage on foot, especially in the heat 
of the day, when the sun's rays were like the blai-t of a hot 
furnace. 





44= 



GTTJ^EI^IXjE XlNrSTI?.TJCTOI?.. 





One and a half miles travel from the Ghat, brought us to 
Jaun Bazar. On our arrival we were so fatigued, with being 
out in the sweltering heat, that we were obliged to lie down 
and rest. 

When dinner was announced, being our first meal on shore, 
we found the dishes on the table contained rice and goat 
meat, stewed with curry. The curry part appeared rather 
novel to us. During our residence in India we never 
got tired of it, and we found it to be very waolesome. Curry is 
a compound of cummin seed, cayenne jiepper, ginger, black 
pepper, fenugreek, coriander seed and turmeric, all pulverized 
and stewed with meat, fish, fowls or vegetables, having the 
"ghee," or clarified butter, added, and eaten with the rice. 

You can imagine the state of perspiration we were 'n, while 
eating such hot food in a sultry room in the tropics, clad in 
clothing suitable for our mountain country. The "punkah," 
or large fan, was another novelty to us, the benefits of which 
we enjoyed while dining. It is a luxury that Europeans 
cannot well dispense with. The "punkah" is a frame 
compo.sed of four light slats of wood, averaging from three 
to four inches wide, and half an inch thick, varying in length 
according to the width of the room, and in depth, from two 
to three feet. It is covered with light canvas or ducking. 
A curtain or fringe is tacked to the lower slat extending the 
whole length. The "punkah" is suspended from the ceiling by 
cords, attached to staples in the upper .•^lat, and fastened to 
staples in the ceiling. It is hung just low enough to 
allow the curtain when the fan is in motion, to clear the heads 
of the inmates. A cord is fastened in the center of the 
"punkah" and pulled by a "punkah behrah," (the fan puller) 
who gives it the necessary sweep to create a current of air 
that is precious to inhale in Bengal. 

During the first few nights in Calcutta, and until we got 
accustomed to it, our rest was very much disturbed by the 
noisy conversation of the natives, which would generally last 
till day dawn, after which the crows began their chatter. 
The Bengal crow is an audacious bird. It will often dart 
through the large doors and windows, which are generally 
open except during the heat of the day, and help itself 
to bread from the dining table, and will even take it out of 
the children's hands. The Hindoos are averse to killing 
animals, holding them in great veneration; hence the familiarity 
of the crow. But at the same time they are cruel to each 
othei, and will leave their sick exposed, and to die, taking no 
interest whatever in their recovery. A hospital for the 
indipent sick, was never thought of by the Hindoos, and all 
such institutions that exist in Hindostan. have been intro- 
duced and sustained by the British. 

The Hindoos, however, have not neglected to make ample 
provisions for dogs. cats, and reptiles, by having them cared 
for and fed. 

As .soon as Bro. J. P. Meik learned of our arrivr.l, he came 
to Calcutta, and wa.s glad to meet us. The greeting was 
mutual. We were his guests while we remained in Calcutta. 
The kindness of himself and wife toward us was unbounded, 
and I trust it will never be forgotten by the Elders. His 
house was like oasis in a desert to us during our stay. On the 
20th day of April, Is.j.5, we had a conference in a building 
belonging to Hro. Mjik, which was fitted up to be used as 
our chapel. The conference was compo.sed of the Elders 
from Zion. including Eider Meik, and one other party. 
Klder N. \'. .Junes was unanimou.sly chosen by his brethren 
to be the IVesident of the Eist India mission. The main 
business of the conference was to appoint the Elders to their 



fields of labor. Elders BiUantyne, Skelton and Owen, were 
appointed to labor in Madras, Elder Carter and myself at 
Dinapore and other places on the Ganges, and Elders Woolley 
and Leonard at Chinsurah, until information could be received 
from Elder Findlay, at Biuibay, as to whether he required 
their assistance, when, if he did, they were to go and labor 
with him. President N. Y. .lones and Elder Musser remained 
in Calcutta. After all the necessary business, in relation to 
the conference was transacted, it was adjourned till the 6th 
day of October. 

I mentioned in my last chapter that several natives were 
baptized into the Church, previous to our arrival. As soon 
as they learned that we had arrived, our native brethren sent 
a deputation to interview us, that they might ascertain the 
amount we were likely to allow them as a monthly salary for 
being members of our Church. They informed us that when 
they belonged to other Christian churches, they were allowed 
from one to two rupees per month, and a "dhotie" (cloth they 
wear about their loins) annually. We gave them to under- 
stand that we ourselves were without a "pice" (a coin less in 
value than a cent). They soon became convinced of our true 
financial condition, and left, and we never heard of our 
native brethren any more. Our subsequent experience and 
associations with Christian Hindoos, convinced us that their 
conversion to the Christian religion was all a sham. In the 
absence of their "padre sahib" (reverend gentleman), they 
would perform their ablutions in the Ganges and other sacred 
waters, and bow at their several shrines, while at the same 
time they were bought or hired to be converts of the Chiistian 
religion by means collected from many of the credulous poor 
of the United States and Great Britain for the pious purpose 
of converting the heathen. 

(To he Continued.) 



nyi: I s s I o 3sr . 



j^ 



BY ELDER C. 



ABfiiT three weeks after being called on his mission. Elder 
C. had completed the arrangement of his affairs, and one 
fine morning found himself on board a train bound from 
Ogden to Omaha. It was rather tedious sitting in the car 
with no one to converse with, as the car contained but two or 
three persons beside Elder C, and with these he did not 
care to try to converse; but busied himself with reading the 
Book of Mormon till he read it through, when he read the 
Yoice of Warning and other Church works. In fact, so great 
was his desire to make up for lost time that he lead almost all 
the time till he reached his field of labor. Nothing of interest 
occurred on the journey to Omaha, except that, when about 
ninety miles west of that place, the engineer luckily chanced 
to see a misplaced switch just in time to stop the train before 
it reached the switch. What would probably have been a 
serious accident to the train and passengers was thus happily 
prevented. The incident impressed Elder C, and he offered 
up thanks to the Lord for being preserved from injury. At 
Omaha, Elder C. had to change cars, and cross on the great 
iron bridge over the Missouri river to Council Bluft's, where 
he boarded another train which was to convey him to a town 
in Illinois, where he wanted to make a call on some relatives. 
At length, after riding all night. Elder C. reached the town 
of R in Illinois, and was rapping at the door of a relative 





JTJ^EZSriXjE! IliTSTI^.'CrOTOI^. 



45 





just before the sun rose. This relative was a merchant of the 
town, and received Elder C. very cordially. Breakfast was 
tmmodiately prepared for him, after which he accompanied 
his relative up town, and was, by him, in the course of an hour 
or so, introduced to a banker, two or three merchants and 
other gentlemen, all of whom treated Elder C. with marked 
respect, and most of them asked him a great many questions 
about Utah, her people, their religion, etc., all of which 
Elder C. took pleasure in answering. Sometimes a pretty 
hard question about doctrine would be asked, but often Elder 
0. would be surprised at his own answers, for the Spir t 
of the Lord would seem to put just the right one in his mouth. 

After staying up town an hour or so. Elder C. concluded 
to return to his relative's house and lie down to rest a little, 
for he was extremely fatigued with his long, tiresome iourney. 
He accordingly did so, and just as he awakened from a 
refreshing nap of about an hour's length, his hostess stepped 
into the room and said that Mr. A. was down .stairs and 
wished to see him. Mr. A. was a clothing merchant of the 
town, to whom Elder C. had been introduced by his relative, 
and in conversation with him learned that he was not a church 
member, but believed in the Bible. Elder C. had also 
perceived him to be a little peculiar in some of his religious 
ideas, but was much pleased with their chat, as he was very 
liberal and kind. Elder C. went down stairs when the 
following conversation tocik place. 

Mr. a. "Mr. C, wehavea temperance meeting appointed 
for Tuesday evening next, but the expected speaker will una- 
voidably be absent. Would you consent to address the 
meeting?" 

Elder C. "Shall T be expected to confine my.?elf to the 
subject of temperance?" 

Mr. a "Well, yes, principally, but you can allow your- 
selt considerable scope if you wish." 

Elder C. "Thank you. I will addrcs-- the meeting with 
pleasure, " 

Mr. a. "The committee, on being informed of your 
willingness to address the meeting, will be greatly obliged to 
you. Good morning;" and, so saying, Mr A. withdrew. 

Elder C. had given his con.-ent to the request without a 
moment's reflection, feeling a sudden impulse prompt him to 
do so, and after Mr. A.'s withdrawal ho thought that the 
Lord had prepared an opening for him to net at the people in 
a very short time after reaching his field, though the meet- 
ing was a temperance one. And was not temperance a part 
and a very important part, too, of the religion wliich he bad 
come to preach? To be sure it was. No sooner had a few 
such thoughts as these passed through his mind, occupying it 
for a few moments only; when an evil spirit came tempting 
him, and seeming to whisper, "Now, you've done it: haven't 
you? (!ot yourself into a pretty fix! Agreed to deliver a 
temperance address, when you never even heard one. much loss 
attempted to deliver one! What kind of a temperance address 
do you suppo.se an inexperienced boy like you ciin deliver? ' 

When the divilcame tempting him thus, Elder C. felt vciy 
badly (or a time. He was almost appalled at what he had 
done, being alone, with no fellow Elder to take his place or 
even to encourage him. But in a few miiuites the Spirit of 
the Lord overcame the evil spirit, and brought faitli and com- 
fort to his mind. It seemed to whisper to him: "Never mind, 
Eeder C that was only the devil trying to destroy your faith. 
Put your trust in Clod, and be not afraid; for the Lord can 
I)ut a temperance lecture into your mouth just as easily as He 
could any other kind of a discourse, and perhai.s this will 



make an opening for you to lay the gospel before the people 
of this place." Elder C. felt comforted with these whisper- 
ings of the Spirit, and after going to his room, and offering 
up a prayer to God for His sustaining and guiding Spirit, he 
commenced to write some letters, determined that he would 
think as little of the subject of the meeting as possible; and, 
above all, he was determined not to try to compose a discourse 
for the occasion, or to think of what he was going to say, 
but to trust entire!}' to the Lord to prompt his words as he 
should be standing before the audience. But the evil 
influence would try to annoy him by making him think, "If 
I wait till I am standing before the people, and the words 
don't come to me, then what in the world shall I do? I shall 
cover myself with shame and confusion. " But somehow, he 
did not think that the Lord would desert him in the hour 
of such great need. The Sprit gave him faith that it would 
result for the best, and he went on with his writing. When 
• he had finished his letter, he stepped up town to post it. 
There was a plank sidewalk on .several of the principal streets 
of the town, along which he had to pass in going to the post 
office, and in several places on the plank walk, in large letters 
written with chalk, appeared the notice: "Rev. Mr. C. of 

City, T'tah, will address the Temperance Meeting in 

the M. E Church, next Tuesday Evening. Come and Hear 
Him!" Elder C. was very much surprised at seeing him- 
self advertised all over town as a "Rev.," and in that manner 
too; but he afterwards learned that that was the usual way of 
advertising meetings, and that it had been done in this in,stance, 
by order of the temperance society's commitee. He had been in 
the town but about four hours, indeed, in the State but little 
more than that, and here he was, advertised thus for a 
temperance discourse! This was Saturday morning, and the 
meeting was to be on the following Tuesday evening; but he 
had plenty to do in the way of making and receiving calls. 
Those with whom he became acquainted seemed anxious to 
converse with him, and would keep him talking until very 
late in the evening. On the day before the meeting he 
happened to step into a store to make a trifling purchase, 
when he heard two men in .the store talking about him, 
wondering who "that '.Mormon' P]lder was who was going to 
address the temperance meeting." Eli>er C. .stood and 
-listened to them chat about him tor some minutes without 
making himself known, and then left the store. 

At length the trying time approached, and at the appointed 
hour on Tuesday evening. Elder C. walked into the church 
(the finest in the town) in company with Mr. A., a banker, 
and the minister who occupied the pulpit on Sundays. The 
church was the most elegant Elder C. had ever .'een up to 
that time, though he has seen many finer ones since, and a 
large congregation bad already assenililed. Tlie minister was 
very cordial in his treatment of Elder C and oi)ened the 
meeting with prayer, when, after some prelimininary business 
had been di.'posed of by the society, Mr. A., who was presi- 
dent of it, introduced him to the audience, and he sfepjied up 
on the elegantly carpeted platform and behind the pulpit. It 
would be impossible f(U- him to describe the Cccliiics that 
thronged his lireast at that moment. Young ICldcrsw' o have 
passed through a similar trial can doubtless understand .some- 
thing of them, and other people must content themselves 
with imagining how he felt, Ki.dku C. opened his mouth 
and c^imuionced to talk, when immediately he seemed quite 
carried away with bis subject, and without stopping to think 
where he was he talked nn rapidly for nearly an hour, without 
taking thought of how time was fljing. Tho\ights, word 





4=G 



J-TJ'V"En^I3L.Ei Il^STI^TJOTOI^. 




ideas, fi-ures of speech, all came to him in such rapid succes- 
sion thai, instead of being embarrassed for lack of something 
to say, he could scarcely say all that came into his mind — and 
all was upon the subject of temperance. 

The meeting was duly dismissed, and in reflecting upon 
what he had said, Fi.der C. wondered greatly, and realized 
that he had certainly been blessed with a goodly portion of 
the Spirit of God, or he never could have delivered such an 
address as that. This incident greatly strengthened his faith, 
and from that time forward he did not fear to put his trust in 
God and go forth boldly, when he was required to address the 
people. 

t Tn he Confimted. ) 




ri^ itf ^ujj ^nti|i0ile^* 



CHAPTER XXVII. 



BY HUOH KNOUGH. 



THE native animals of Australia are mostly inoffenjive, few 
of them being dangerous to man, either from natural 
ferocity or from the possession of venomous qualities. Of 
the ten or eleven species of flesh-eating animals only one 
belongs to land, namely, the wild dog. Of marsupial animals 
there are over forty varieties. These strange animals have a 
skin, or pouch, in front, in which they carry their young. 
They walk or rather leap on their hind logs, their speed, when 
being hunted, equaling that of a horse. The kansaroo, when 
killed, will oFten weigh as much as two hundred pounds. Its 
flesh Is held in high estimation by the settlers, particularly 
the tail, which grows to an enormous size. Its skin is very 
handsome and most valuable for leather. There are many 
varieties of these animals, the smallest being the kangaroo 
rat, and the largest is known ijs the "Forrester," or old man. 
Oposums are numerous. The wild dog of Australia, in appear- 
ance is wolfish, with ears erect, and of a reddish-brown color. 
It does not bark, but sometimes yelps, and when hard pressed 
with hunger they will eat each other. Being very dc:structive 
to sheep, they are eagerly hunted by the colonists. There is a 
remarkable animal that frei(uents the rivers and lakes, lavs 
eggs, has the Vjeak of a duck, a fur-covered body, swims well, 
and .seldom quits the water, as it crawls with difficulty on land. 
In shape it somewhat resembles the otter, and is a little over a 
foot in length. The foot of the male is armed with a spur 
like our rooster, through which passes a poi.sonous ]i(|uid, 
rendering the animal dangerous. Besides these four footed 
animals, there are porcu|)ines of two kinds, flying foxes, flying 
oposums, flying squirrels, wombat'^, sloths and the ant-eater, 
all very wonderful and curious. All the domestic animals 
thrive wonderfully and increase in size. Australia is now con- 
sidered the largest wool growing country in the world. 

The birds of this continent are verj' numerous, and of great 
beauty, but they do not sing; although many are chatterers, as 
the varieties of parrots, paroquets, cockatoos, magpies, etc. 
These birds make an incessant chattering and immitaton of 
founds in the forests, which is nearly deafening. There is a smal] 
bird, the "laughing jackass," so called from the strange and 
funny noise it makes. Kagles of very large size are numerous; 
but the largest bird of Au.stralia is the emu, which generally 
attains the hight of from six to seven feet, and is very .swift of 



foot. Birds of paradise abound in the north. One of the 
most stately and beautiful of birds, found only in this country, 
is the black swan. 

Reptiles are abundant and generally very venomous. The 
rivers, lakes and seas abound with a variety of peculiarly 
fjrmod, but fine eating fish. Injects of great size and very 
venomous are prolific. 

The aborigines of Australia are of the Papuan, or Negro 
race, but far infeiior in build, general appearance and intellect 
to the African Negro. They are indolent, cunning and treach- 
erous, and are unlike the Maoris in acquiring the manners and 
customs of the white man, excepting in all that is bad and 
debasing. 

Australia was first discovered I y Tarres, a Spaniard, in the 
year 1606, but it did not begin to be colonized untill 1789, 
when about the same time the British established a penal 
settlement at Port Jackson, on the south-east coast. The sea 
board continued to be slowly colonized until the -year 18,51, 
when the discovery of rich gold fields caused an immense 
rush from all parts of the world, and then lands were taken 
up, cities raised as if by magic, mining in its various branches 
vigorously pushed ahead, sheep and cattle farming, as well as 
husbandry entered into on a large scale, so that now the 
principal colonies are fast attaining a position of affluence and 
general prosperity. 

(To be Continued.) 






BEES are geometricians: their cells are so constructed as, 
with the least quantity of material, to have the largest- 
uzed spaces and least possible loss of interstice. 

So also is the ant-lion: his funnel-shaped trap is exactly 
correct in its conformation, as if it had been made by the most 
skillful artists of our species, with the aid of the best instrument. 

The mole is a meteorologist. 

The bird called the nine-killer is an arithmetician; so also is 
the crow, the wild turkey, and some other birds. 

The torpedo, the ray and the electric eel are electricians. 

The nautilus is a navigator: he raises and lowers his sail, 
casts and weighs anchor, and performs other nautical evolu- 
tions. 

Whole tribes of birds are musicians. 

The beaver is an architect, builder and woodcutter: he cuts 
down trees, and erects houses and dams. 

The marmot is a civil engineer: he not only builds houses, 
but constructs aqueducts and drains to keep them dry. 

The white ants maintain a regular army of soldiers. 

The East India ants are horticulturists: they raise mush- 
rooms, on which they feed their young. 

Wasps are paper manufacturers. 

Caterpillars are silk-spinners. 

The bird ploceus textor is a weaver: he weaves a web t« 
make his nest. 

The primia is a tailor: he sews the leaves together to make 
his nest. 

The squirrel is a ferryman: with a chip cr piece of bark 
for a boat, and his tail for a sail, he crosses a stream. 

Dogs, wolves, jackals, and many others, are hunters. 

The black bear and heron, are fishermen. 

The ants have regular day-laborers. • 

The monkey is a rope-dancer. 





O'TJ'VIBn^IXjE! in^STK^TJOTOI^. 



47 




Tenor. 



Treble 

& 
Alto. 



Bass. 



Words by E. E. Snow. 

Moderato: 

t_ 



Music by Prof. C. J. Tuomas. 



Ee^ 









it=: 



zz—.■^~ 



Id: 



-i — '' -S-' 



itfzzrT 



:t 



:— rj==: 



Hark, 



liaik, an - gel - ic 



min - strels sing, A 



sweet mel-odi-ous 



Ftrain: Heav'n's 



E 



:=|: 






^=^E^E^ 



d— : 



:=l" 



:=u-fcff 



=1- 



,=l=i==i«- 



:^==q= 



I — r 






:=ft:t 



^EE=iEE 



— I — 






it 



:"«: 



3=P= 



:=P 












IF 



iE3=*=:p-i=|iip^ii«-p.— leii 



iq^:^?^ 



it=t 



b±iz:t?i:t:=t=z 



:?!— ^Z?E*= 



E?=gEf?E^ 



high, ce-les-ti - al arches ring With joj'-ful news a 



gain, Lo! now an-other key isturn'd; 'TisGod's dl-vine be - hest. 



XT 



-«» — •' — ^ — •- 






:"— ii2=t=: 



•;£rp=i!: 



:r*r:*=*;S»2 



=111^:^1 



=1iq=: 



— I — ^— tfi — ^--1 — ^--C — ^- 









Usee: 



-*ES==,: 



ra: 



-« — I — *»- 



-:zt=rri:-*i:tfr*:r:--|:-?-'=': 



fEzgir*: 



ip- 



;ti 



It 



-■JEI 



Chorus: Alhgrttt) 



EE 



and those for whom our hearts have \-earn'd, Our dead, a-guin are blessed. From the 

1 Ik — I 1 ' ' — ■" — •" ' ^- - ' ' ' - ^ 



-m 



val-Ieys of Eph-ram ho - 






_;=i^i 



:*;=t- 



iffL-lff-— ^ 



r- 



m 



t=^=t: 



zjriii 



E9=4^z^i3;=d--p-*3]iia=»=:*i^ 

-4-i-ji^- T-al -l — \ — ^-1 — I I i 



i*i:s: 



-^m^^^^mm 



it= 



IlieMiiig 






san - nas a 

J=J=Jl 



rise, And new hal - le - lu -jahs de-scend from the skies. Glad shouts of re - demp-tion from 



;i?^=i=i|==l=]ir^=P^iaS-iiSm*=pz?5-p=S: 
zEE^rzg=^^-gg=:g-pz:rt iz=p-i rt=p z*=rt-tf. 



:-l-^ 



-^=q-=^ 



Zf^ 



if^iSt 



^zHEHii 



^_£*£3:ii^;^:EEa^?E*iEEEiE^E^=E 



3EE^ 



IBI=*I 



±i^t: 



-f=2-=m- 



m^m^m 



?lii 



=zi=p— jmi 



EEE 



^1 



=t 



ipi 



It 



i»r=»n 



ii^ 



bon - dage re 



EEEESE 



lai 



sound From the 

E='^=^ 



shades where the 



spir - its in 



pris - on aie 



bound. 



:j^— 



i^=:;ii 



=j=i*i 



^iiEEg^lii^Ei^ilii 






EEEfE 



icii 



it^f:: 



i 



ipzzi:pi 
it=i=t:i 



it=i 



il 




In eighteen hundred seventy-seven, 

Let holy refxjrds tell, 
A Temple's finish'd— bolts are riven 

In twain, wliere spirits dwell. 
We've been baptized for them, and now, 

As agents in their stead, 
We're washed and w<!' re anointed too — 

The living for the dead. 



Within a Temple's sacred court— 

lieneath its royal tmver. 
Let humble, faithful Saints resort 

To wield salvation's power. 
Salvation's work! <), glorious theme, 

Too high for mortal tongues; 
Serapliic hosts its graco proclaim 

In everlasting songs. 



Of groat, momentous times at hand, 

Portending signs appear: 
The wise will see and undoritund 

The day of God is near. 
Ye hoaviinly gates, no more ajar — 

Henceforth stand open wide; 
The Bridegroom's voice is heard afar, 

Prepare, prepare the Bride 




7 



48 



J'TJ^EISriLEl TUSrSTI^TJCTOi^ 







i3sr 




IT is most interesting to listen at meetings to the different 
testimonies whieli the Latter-day Saints bear concerning 
the work of ( rod. The experience of no two persons is exactly 
the same, and yet all are true. One is impressed with an evi- 
dence of the truth in one way and another in another way. So 
also it is with the experience of the Elders, the experience of 
each varies according to the constitution and temperament, the 
bent of mind and the cii'cumstaces which surround each one. 
We have met with a few men in our life who never seemed to 
know what it was to be timid in standing up before an audience. 
They always seemed to be perfectly self possessed, and did 
not suffer in the least from fear; while we have known others 
who felt that it was impossible for them to .stand on their feet 
and address an audience. Some Elders in starting out, 
qucikly conquer their feelings of timidity. They soon get 
into the habit of thinking and talking upon their feet. They 
seem to care nothing about the congregation, while others 
require a long time to get accustomed to speaking to audiences 
and are easily embarrassed. 

We firmly believe that the Lord will help every man to 
overcome this timidity when sent upon a mission to preach the 
gospel. If he does not conquer the feeling of fear, it is 
because he allows it to master him, and does not use that 
faith which he should to shake it off. 

The writer started out as a missionary when he felt that he 
was but a comparative youth, lie was exceedingly timid, 
and had a mortal dread of standing up before a congregation. 
He sometimes thought that no one could have .suffered from 
this feeling as he did. But there was one thing that he made 
up his mind to do — to never shrink from the discharge of his 
duty. If he were called upon to jiray, to bear testimony or to 
speak, he was resolved that he would do his best, and put bis 
trust in the Lord to help hiiu out. With the exception of a 
few meetings, his first experience as a mis.sionarj' was in 
preaching in a strange language to a foreign people. This 
was doubtless more embarrassing than it would have been to 
spsak to the people in his mother tongue, because there was 
liis awkwardness in the )ise of the language in addition to the 
ordinary feelings of timidity to contend with. lie well 
remembers the feelings that he had prior to the first meeting. 
If he could have run away, and done so honorably, he would 
have done it, but this would have been disgraceful. He did 
the best be could and suffered considerably from embarrass- 
ment; and though he Vjaptized .some nineteen souls in the ensuing 
five weeks, yet ho suffered at each meeting from the same 
fcelint's of dread. Something occurred on the sixth Sunday 
to arouse him and make him somewhat angry. The conduct 
of .some preachers and opponents of the gospel was very hate- 
ful, and in attending meeting that day he enjoyed greater 
liberty than he had at any time previou.-ily. A fearless spirit 
took possession of him, and the Spirit was able to speak 
through him as it had not done before. 

The feeling of fear when it rest,^ upon a man diivesaway the 
Spirit of God. The two spirit.s cannot exist in the same bosom. 
One must have the mastery. If the Spirit of God ha.s the 
m.istery, it drives ,iway all fear and enables a mnn to speak 
under its influence with power. If the sjiirit of fear has the 
mastorr, the Spirit of God is checked, and the man is not able 
to tell the people the will and counsel of the Lord. 

After six weeks preaching in this locality, the writer visited 
another place where the people were very anxious to hear. 



He succeeded in getting a large meeting house to preach in, 
and when he arose to give out the hymns and to pray the 
sound of his own voice in the building frightened him. The 
congregation was a larger one than he had ever addressed 
before; but he had prayed earnestly to the Lord for help. He 
knew that no power but God's could assist him and enable him 
to declare the truth. After reading a portion of the Scrip- 
ture, he commenced speaking, and continued to adress the peo- 
ple for upwards ot an hour. He was completely carried away 
by the Spirit, and fear was banished. Tears coursed down the 
cheeks of the congregation, and many felt the power of God to 
so great an extent that they came forward and offered them- 
selves for baptism. A great work was done in that place and 
the vicinity, and from that time to the pre.sent, nearly thirty 
years, the writer has never suffered from fear as he did pre- 
vious to that day. It is true that many men never can arise 
before a congregation without feeling some degree of embarrass- 
ment and trepidation. The writer is one of these; but that 
fear that paralyzes the mind, that impairs the memoiy and 
produces a feeling of dread and utter forgetfulness of every- 
thing that one knows, he has never experienced from that 
time. 

We relate this instance in our experience to show how differ- 
ently Elders are affected. Some can speak without any diffi- 
culty or fear after the first time they get on their feet. It 
takes others, as in our own case, a longer time io overcome 
this feeling, prob.ably arising from the fact that some have by 
nature more of that man-fearing spirit. Others, again, may 
require a still longer time; and what we wish to impress upon 
our young readers, and upon all who read our pages, is that 
they should not be discouraged because the first time they get 
on their feet, or the second or third, they do not speak with 
that freedom they desire. When the Spirit of God takes 
possession of a man, and he will yield to its influence, it 
will take away all fear and enable him to toll the truth in 
great plainness; and if he will persevere, nothing deubting, 
we dare promi.se every Elder that he will be able to overcome 
his feelings of fear and embarrassment, and be filled with holy 
boldness to declare the gospel unto the people in whose midst 
ho is appointed to labor. G. Q. C. 



Entih siASM is the blossom of which all true greatness is 
the fruit; imagination the germ of all glorious deeds; and few 
are ever distinguished for high practical greatness who could 
not refer to a childhood of enthusiasm. It is the romance of 
the boy that becomes the heroism of the man. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST i FIFTEENTU OP EVERT MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Singh, Copy, per Annwn — — $2,00, 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Tea 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^a^Offiec, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabsmacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




