


* 





NO. 3. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1866. 



VOL. I. 



|>a?tnj. 



"I'LL NEVER USE TOBACCO." 

"I'll never use tobacco, no; 

It- is a filthy weed: 
I'll never put it in my mouth," 

Said little Robert Reid. 

"Why, there was idle Jerry Jones, 

As dirty as a pig, 
Who smoked when only ten years old, 
v And thought it made him big. 

"He'd spend his time and money too, 
And make his mother sad; 

She feared a worthless man would come 
From such a worthless lad. 

"O-no, I'll never smoke or chew; 

'Tis very wrong indeed; 
It hurts the health, it makes bad breath , ' ' 
Said little Robert Reid. ' 



*f3&$*3 45S& i»^J5»«— 



Stagnipjjt]. 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. 

( CONTINUED r) 



When the professors of religion in the 
neighborhood where Joseph lived heard that 
he had bad a -vision, they felt as the preacher did, 
which we described in the last number — they perse- 
cuted him and did all iu their power to injure him. 
Those who were most active in this business in the 
beginning were people who called themselves reli- 
gious; but all classes joined in the persecution. 
Joseph was then only between fourteen and fifteen 
years old . Being a poor boy, and having to work 
for his living, he was not considered very impor- 
tant; y*et, after it became known that he had seen a 
vision, men in high standing tried to excite the pub- 
lic, mind against him, to make the people hate and 
persecute him ! And all this because he told the peo- 
ple that the Lord had spoken! This was a very 
strange course for men to take, was it not? 

Our little readers, not having had much experi- 
ence in the- world, will scarcely be able to under- 
stand how men could be so cruel and wicked. They 
think that they would never be guilty of persecuting 
and hatiug a boy because he loved God and played 
to Him, and had his prayers answered. My little 
folks, in your innocence and simplicity, brought up 
to have faith iu God, you cannot tell anything about 
the hearts and feelings of the people by your own 
hearts and .feelings. You would not help kill the 
prophets and men of God, of Whom the Bible gives 
us an account. You would not mock and ill treat 
und crucify the Lord Jesus, the Son of God, were 
he now on the earth. None of you would be so 
base as to commit acts so desperately wicked as 
these, yet men have lived who have done these 
things. Jesus was killed by men; and a very great 
number of good, holy servants of God were killed 
before he was born on the earth, and also since his 
death. And those who tried to damage Joseph 
were bad men — men who hated God and the truth 
— and they cared but very little about what they 
did, so they could gain their wicked ends and the 
praise of the world. 

These persecutions had the effect to drive Joseph ! 



away from the society of those whom he had been 
taught to look up to, and who really ought to have 
been his friends; and as he had been forbidden to 
join any of the churches then on the earth, he stood 
alone. Being young and inexperienced he fell intd 
youthful foibles, for which he frequently felt con- 
demned and very sorry. One evening — the 21st of 
September, 1823 — when he was seventeen years old, 
after he had retired to bed, he was led to pray to 
the Lord for the forgiveness of his sins and follies, 
and also for the Lord to send him some kind mes- 
senger who could tell him of his acceptance with 
the Lord, and also give him knowledge about the 
principles of the gospel. 

Joseph had all confidence that the Lord would 
hear and grant him his prayer. When he had 
sought the Lord the first time, he' went to him in 
faith; but now he could go to Him with something 
more than faith; he knew that God would hear and 
auswer his prayer, if he would ask aright. 

While he was thus praying unto the Lord, he 
discovered a light appearing in the room. The 
light continued to increase until the room was light- 
er than it could have been made by the sun in the 
middle of the day. It seemed at first, as though 
the room was filled with fire. Immediately after 
he saw the light, a personage appeared at his bed- 
side. . The feet of this personage did not touch the 
floor; but he stood in the air. He had on a robe 
of most extraordinary whiteness — so exceedingly 
white and brilliant that it was bej-ond anything 
earthly he had ever, seen or that, could be made by 
man. The hands and arms a little above the wrists 
of this heavenly being were naked, also his feet, 
and his legs, a little above the ankles. His head 
and neck were also bare. Though the room was 
exceedingly light, there was a still brighter light or 
glory close around this being, and his whole person 
was glorious beyond the power of man to describe. 
He was a little above the common size of men who 
live now, and his countenance was like lightning, 
yet it was very pleasing and innocent. When 
Joseph first looked upon, him, he was afraid; but 
the fear soon leftliim and he was filled with calm- 
ness and joy. 

He called Joseph by name, and told him that he 
was a messenger sent from the presence of God to 
him. He also said to him that his prayers were 
heard and his sins were 'forgiven, and that the time 



plate, were called by the people who lived in old 
times, the TJrim and Thummim. The men who pos- 
sessed and used these stones were called seers in 
former days, and God had prepared them for the 
purpose of translating the book from the language 
in which it was written into English. 

He then quoted a great many prophecies, which 
are written in the Bible, to Joseph, and explained 
them to him. After which he told Joseph that the 
time had not arrived for him to obtain those plates; 
but when he did get them, he must not. show them, 
nor the breastplate with the Urim and Thummim, 
to any person, except the. Lord commanded him to 
do so; and if he did so, without being commanded, 
he should be destroyed. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE GOOD SAMARITAN, 




It was a very common practice for. the Lord Je- 
sus Christ, when here on the earth, after teaching 
the people some of the laws of the gospel, to tell 
them some short story or history to enable them to 
better remember the truths he wished to impress on 
their minds. These stories are called parables, and 
the picture at the top of this little article is intend- 
ed to illustrate one of these parables, called the 
Good Samaritan. In the first place we will have 
the story and then the meaning of it. 

There once lived a man (who was a Jew) who 
had to travel from the city of Jerusalem to another 
city called Jericho. While on his way he was at- 
tacked by a band of robbers, who took everything 
away from him, even stripping his clothes off his 
back and beating him most cruelly. And, when 
they 'had done this, they left him, naked, fainting, 
nearly dead by the roadside, to die of his wounds, 
to be parched to death with thirst, or to be killed 
by the burning rays of the sun falling on his naked 
was at hand for the gospel, in its fulness, to be re>- 1 and bleeding body. When he had lain there seme 



vealed and preached in power unto all nations, that 
a people might be prepared for the second coming 
of Jesus. He said that Joseph was called and 
chosen, and God had a work for him to do, and 
that his name should be spoken about for good and 
evH among all the nations and people of the earth. 
He told him there was a book buried injthe ground 
which was written upon gold plates. This book 
gave an account of the people who lived in former 
days upon this continent, and who they were. The 
priucipal nation of which the book gave a history 
was of the family of Jacob, who is also called 
Israel: the Indians are the children of that people. 
This book also contained the fulness of the ever- 



little time, a Jewijfc priest came along to where 
he was, — one of those men who pretended to be 
very merciful and kind-hearted, and who wished the 
people to believe he was very holy and God-fearing. 
Now, what do you think he did? Go and help the 
poor man up, and give him some water to drink, 
and bind up his wounds, and throw his robe over 
his shoulders? You would think so; but he did not. 
When he got near, he pretendednot to see him, 
and turned his head another way, and went on his 
journey, not caring whether the poor man lived or 
died. Soon after, another member of the Jewish 
priesthood — called a Levite — came along the road, 
and he went up to the man and looked at him lay- 



lasting gospel, as delivered by Jesus to the people iag there in his sufferings. He gave him no help, 



of this continent. The messenger also said that, 



however, but crossed over to the other side of the 



buried with the plates, were two stones 'in two sil- road and walked on, leaving the man to his fate, 
ver bows, and these stones, fastened to a breast- By and bye, &*man of another part of the coun- 



^1 



^ ^^™ 



10 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



r^-^r.^ w r v -.~,'^-_ 






try came along; and the priest and the Levite 
would not speak to him, for they thought they 
were better than he was; he did not go to Jerusa- 
lem like them to worship the God of Israel. Now, 
this man was called a Samaritan, because the coun- 
try he came from was called Samaria, and. his peo- 
ple and the Jews were at enmity with each other; 
but when ho came along ihe road, and saw the poor 
bleeding Jew, though he was one of those who 
despised his people, he went to him and raised him 
up and poured wine and oil into his wounds, (as you 
will see in the picture,) and gave him some water 
to drink, and covered him with his own robe, and 
set him on his own beast, and carefully and tender- 
ly carried him to an inn, telling the host to look well 
after him till he 'was recovered and able to continue 
his journey, and he would pay what it cost; and 
then he left the Jew and went on his journey. 

Now, what do you think Jesus wanted the people 
to understand? What moral did he wish to convey? 
A certain lawyer of the Jews had been asking him 
some questions, trying to get him to say something 
that he could find fault with. Jesus had been 
telling him that, if he wished to obtain salvation, 
he must love the Lord his God with all his heart, 
with all his soul, and with all his strength, and with 
all his mind; and his neighbor as himself. Then 
said the lawyer "Who is my neighbor?" Now, 
this story was the answer of Jesus. 

When he had told it, he asked the lawyer: 
"Which, now, of these three, thinkest thou, was 
neighbor unto him that fell among thieves?" And 
the lawyer said: "He that showed mercy unto 
him." Then Jesus said: "Go thou, and do like- 



'VNA/'/VAA/'^W^-.a,' 



THE FUTURE ARTIST 



' w ~sr~~~r • 



» 



wise. 

We should learn, as well as the lawyer, that all 
men and women' are our neighbors — as they are all 
sons and daughters of God our Heavenly Father; 
that when we see any one in suffering, in want, or 
in pain, we should not first ask whether they belong 
to the same ward, or city, as we do, whether they 
were born in the same country as we, or in England, 
or France, or Germany; but like the good Samari- 
tan—who, when he found even an • enemy of his 
people, blessed-and helped him — do all the good we 
can. In fact, Jesus taught this lesson of kindness 
to all men, of every creed and nation; for we are 
all God's children, and it is our duty to aid and 
bless our brethren and sisters. If any of our little 
friends wish to' read this parable, as it is in the Bi- 
ble, they will find it in the 10th chapter of St. 

Luke's Gospel. R. 
1. ■< f i » 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
FEBRUARY. 



Doubtless many of 
our young readers 
have tried to draw 
figures on their slates 
with pencil, like the 
boy in our illustration. 
He has not been very 
successful; his figure* 
likely intended to 
represent a man, is 

very far from being 
the likeness- of any- 
thing. Its legs have 
no thighs, nor knees, 
nor joints; its arms 
are straight strokes, 
and its fingers very 
poor imitations indeed; 
they are about equal, 
though, to«the rest of 
the figure. Yet, just 
see how pleased he is. 
He is proud of his 
labor, as he sits there 
smiling, with an old 
keg for his seat, and a" 
book lying beside it, 
on which the likeness 
of a horse is' seen. As 
he holds his slate so 
that his sketch can 
be seen, he looks as 
satisfied as if it were 
equal to that oh the 
page of the open book. 
He is the picture of 
satisfied contentment. 

Do you ever try to 
draw? If you do, 
be not discouraged, 
even if your attempts 
should be no better 
than his one. "Try 
again'' is a good mot- 
to; so keep trying till 
you make a good pic- 
ture of what you are 
endeavoring to draw. 

There are rules by which you can learn to do 
this, and if you have a desire and talent for it, do 
not neglect that talent, — it is the gift of God, and 
is given to be wisely used and to do good. 




w» 



The month of February derived its name from 
the Latin word februare, which means, to purify, be- 
cause in the latter part of this month the Eomans 
held a festival, of general purification, called Feb- 
rua. When the Roman calender was made it con- 
tained only ten months, but afterwards two more 
were added, one of which was January and the 
other February. These months were added by a 
man named Numa, who reigned over the Romans, 
after Romulus, the founder of Rome; he commenc- 
ed to reign forty years after Eome was founded, 
arid reigned forty two years. He made February 
the first month in the year and January the 
last month. But 452 years before the Savior 
was born, this arrangement was changed, and the 
year was reckoned from the first of January. 
From that time imtil the present, February ha% 

been the second month in the year. 

— «^ 

We may glean knowledge by reading, but the 
chaff must be separated from the wheat by think- 
ing. 

Knowledge is proud that he has learned so much 
— wisdom is humble that he knows no more. 



TRAVELING 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ON SNOW SHOES 



In this article we propose giving our little readers 
an idea of how people go from place to place on 
this kind of shoes, as well as a description of them. 

They are called snow shoes, because they cannot 
be used to any advantage where there is no snow. 
Did you ever try to wade through the snow where 
it was waist deep? If you have, then you know it 
is very hard work, and it takes a long time to go a 
short distance. Many times men are under the 
necessity of going through the mountains in the 
winter, when the snow is very deep, and if they had 
to wade through it, they might perish. Well, 
snow shoes are intended expressly for goings over 
deep snow, and a man used to traveling on them 
can go twenty and thirty miles a day, where, with- 
out them, he could not go five miles. So thus you 
see their use and advantage. 

In this country they are made out of cedar wood 
or red pine, because these kinds of timber are 
springy, and will bend a great deal before they will 
break. A snow shoe should be nine feet long and 
four inches wide. They are about half an inch 
thick in the middle, and shaved thinner and nar- 
rower towards each end. The end that goes before 
is made very thin for about a foot, then put in hot 
water and bent or turned up like a sled runner, and 
tied so that it will remain bent: You have all seen 
sleds and know why the runners turn up in front, — 
t is to keep them from running in the ground, and 



I snow shoes turn up to make them slipover the rough 

; snow or any thing that may come in the way. A 

• leather strap is then nailed across the middle of the 

; shoe, to slip the toe of the boot in, and a little 

i block of wood ticked across the shoe just behind 

the strap, to keep the heel from working fo?ward. 

The shoe is then ready for use. You can now put 

your feet iD the straps, and, by keeping the shoes 

close together, glide over the snow. But it requires 

practice before you can use them with ease. The 

reason why they will keep you from sinking in the 

deep "snow is, because they are long and cover a 

large surface of snow. If you lay a plank on the 

snow, you can step on it, and it will not sink down 

with you. If you can tell the reason why it does 

not sink in the snow, then you can explain to your 

little friends, the reasons why men can go from 

place to place on snow shoes, when they could not 

possibly travel far without them. 

But this kind of traveling is anything but com- 
fortable, and is never undertaken only in cases of 

actual necessity, and is attended many times with 
severe trials. You may have seen an account, this 
winter,»of Brother Charles C. Rich's journey to his 
home in Bear Lake Valley. He had to go on snow 
shoes from Franklin, in Cache Valley, to Paris, in 
Bear Lake Valley, a distance of only thirty miles, 
through the mountains; but it took him three days 
to go that distance, because the snow was thawing 
and stuck to the shoes, making it very hard and 
slow work to travel. When the snow is dry, the 
shoes wHl pass over it with ease; but when wet, it 
gathers on them, and you have to drag the shoes, 
and all the snow»that sticks to them. All the bed- 
ding and provision that is required on a journey of 
this kind must be carried on the back, and when 
night comes on you must choose the best place you 
can find, which is generally in the snow, and make 
yourself content whether it is comfortable or not. 

J. C, R. 



., __ 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



11 



/•vVJNA-V.V/w^NA 



Cjtt Sntteirile JitHtrttrtar. 

GEORGE ft, CANNON, ; EDITOR, 

FEBRUAEY 1, 1866. 
SOW GOOD SEED. 



Children, if you had prepared a piece of ground 
in the Spring, and wanted to have some fruit and 
shade trees grow there, you would not plant sun- 
flower seed ^ for the trees to grow from. If you 
planted sunflower seed, you would expect a crop of 
sunflowers, would you not?. If you saw a man 
sowing wild, flax seed or wild oats in his ground, 
and harrowing it in, you would not expect that he 
would have anything else but wild flax or wild oats 
for a crop at harvest time, would you? And if he 
were to tell you that he would have^i crop of good 
wheat from that seed, there is scarcely a little boy 
or girl in the country that would not know better, 
and we think they would be apt to laugh at him for 
having such an idea. Almost every child knows 
that if a farmer wants to raise a crop of wheat, he- 
must sow wheat ; if he wishes to raise fruit trees, 
he must put the seed of the fruit, which he desires 
to raise, in the ground for the tree to grow from. 
The earth, if properly tended, will yield a good 
crop of the kind of seed which is planted; but it 
will not change one seed into another. 

Now, children, did you ever think that your 
hearts are like the earth in this respect; with this 
difference, however, that you have the power, 
which the earth has not, to cultivate any seed that 
you choose. If men sow bad seed in the earth, it 
grows, and the earth does not seem to have power 
to prevent it. But you have the pfcwer to cheek 
the growth of evil seeds in your hearts. God 
plants good seeds in your hearts. The devil plants 
evil seeds there, or tries to do so. Which do you 
wish to have grow? m If you let the bad seeds grow, 
they will produce a bad crop. But if you cherish 
the good seeds, and cultivate them, and pluck up 
the bad weeds, you will have a crop after a while 
that will fill you, yourselves, and the Lord and holy 
angels and good men with joy. 

Children, do you feel tempted to tell lies, to say 
bad and vulgar words, to steal, to fight, to be diso- 
bedient, to be peevish and angry? These are all 
bad seeds which are struggling to grow within you. 
Do not suffer them to remain there; pull them up 
and cast them out before they get rooted. You 
know how hard it is to pull up weeds that have 
grown for weeks in your fathers' gardens. Their 
roots are strong and deep. But if they are pulled 
as soon as they peep out of the ground, they come 

up easy. Give the good seeds a fair chance in your 
hearts while you are young, and you will not have 
much trouble with the weeds after that. We have 
known boys who have done this, and they are now 
men whom God, angels and good men love and 
respect. And we have known boys who have per- 
mitted the bad seeds to grow ; but they have not 
produced good fruit; the fruit has been the same as 
the seed — bad; and they are wretched, miserable 
men. 

You have, perhaps, seen two lots lying side by 
side, owned by two neighbors, and both planted 
with equally good seed. One is kept clear .of 
weeds; they are not allowed to grow; but the other 
is never weeded, and the weeds grow up and cover 
and choke out the good seed. One yields a crop of 
good seed, and the other a crop of weeds. The 
fault was not in the land; but in the owner of the 
land. He did not cultivate it. So also with men. 
One man brings forth good fruit and another evil. 
Has one been blessed with better soil than the other 
from which to produce good fruit? Is there. such a 
difference in the hearts of men when they are 
young? Depend upon \t, children, it is not because 
your hearts differ that one produces good fruit and 
another evil; but it is because one is properly culti- ( 
vated and' the other is not. 



% i\m from Hktare. 



THE 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
III. 

SEVEN OAKS. v 



-*^wV' 1 AAA.\A(»^ 



Before Christianity was introduced in Germany 
there lived on the banks of the river Elbe, in Eu- 
rope, a Polish chief, who planted in the yard of his 
castle, in memory of his seven sons that had fallen 
in battle, seven oaks; naming, at the same time, 
the castle after them. Twelve centuries have pass- 
ed over castle and oaks since that time. The dark 
forests of the surrounding country have been re- 
placed by fruitful fields, lovely villages and thriving 
towns; the language, the religion, the manners, 
customs, laws and governments of the people around 
have changed many times since then; and of the 
old castle, repeatedly burnt down and built up 
again, only a few gray walls, overgrown with ivy, 
are left. And the seven oaks! — Two stumps you 
can see standing yet near the ruins of the ancient 
battlements, and they are — stone. 

Often have I stood before them, when a boy, and 
wondered if those stumps, hard as flint, but pre- 
serving as in mockery the appearance of wood, 
were ever green, covered with leaves, and if birds 
sang under their branches too? How is it, that a 
tree can turn into stone? Have we a miracle be- 
fore us, or only a specimen of the agency of some 
law of nature? To these and similar questions 
nature always gives answer, if we will only study 
her glorious and truthful language. 

These two petrified stumps are not the only ones 
of their kind, for in almost every country do we 
find such objects; not only trees and plants of vari- 
ous kinds, but also beasts, skeletons of birds, fishes 
and reptiles. 

- In the moment the spirit departs from any crea- 
ture, auimal or plant, the elements of which the 
body was composed endeavor to sever their connec- 
tion with one another/as fast as possible. The way 
this decomposition, as it is called, is carried on, is 
quite various. Sometimes it is done by means of 
fire, or the bodies burn; then one portion of them 
goes up into the air as smoke, the other remains be- 
hind as ashes. In another instance the elements 
separate more slowly, and the body falls gradually 
to pieces; then we say the body decays. In both 
cases the very shape of the animal or plant is dis- 
solved. The last change the elements cause with 
bodies, is represented to us in those two petrified 
stumps of oak. When the substances of the body 
leave it very slowly and gradually, the earth sur- 
rounding them has time to fill up the vacancies 
with its own material, keeping the body from fall- 
ing to pieces, until finally all vegetable or animal 
matter is gone and has .been replaced by mineral 



it ever happen with any of you that your heart full 
of hope, love, innocence and life should get cold 
and hard, • and you, although in outward appear- 
ance a man with all the attributes of the Father 
above us, should have become so filled with the 
interests of this world that there would be no room 
left for the elements of your divine origin? Then, 
oh, then would the Genius of life, the guardian 
angel from the heavens, turn mournfnlly away from 
you sighing — of stone — of stone. 

Karl G. Mabser. 



in a great many instances the color of the body so 
faithfully that you cannot notice any difference by 
merely looking at it. Thus many of the monsters 
of former periods of our earth, or interesting ob- 
jects of bygone generations, have, been preserved 
and handed over to us by nature, as testimonies of 
the unceasing wisdom and power of the Creator. 

But, my young friends, as those two petrified 
stumps once greened and bloomed with their mates 
as seven live oaks, and the spirit of life had his 
throne within them, causing them to grow in 
strength and beauty, thus is also the Spirit of Him 
who created you residing in your hearts, causing 
you to think, to love, to hope, to grow, even to be 
exalted to the .glories of a higher state. When 
life's changes come, when many a storm will have 
passed over your heads, when bitter sorrows should 
have tried you, or business or pursuit of earthly 
prosperity occupied your mind for long years; will 



•J 

I 



ttttpU 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

i'riettre. 



ECHOES 



Have you ever heard words repeated, from a dis- 
tance, after they have been spoken, as if there was 
something mocking the speaker, though there was 
no person where the sound was repeated from? 
That is what is called echo. Sounds of any kind 
arc thus repeated, more or less distinctly. To ex- 
plain the cause of this we must tell you that .sounds 
of every kind are carried in the air around us, and 
which we breathe, as they are made. Though we 
cannot see the air, it Is around the earth like a great 
ocean, and supposed to reach between forty and 
fifty miles upwards, being thinner the higher it is 
from the earth. 

If you will throw a small pebble into a pond of 
water, you will see the water moving towards the 
edges of the pond, from the spot where the pebble 
struck it, in little circling weaves. In the same 
manner, when a souatf is made it strikes the air, 
which moves in the same manner as the water, 
bearing the sound with it; and the further it goes 
it moves With less force until it has not strength to 
move the air any further: then it cannot be heard. 
This is why a loud noise is heard farther than one 
not so loud. If these little eddies of air strike on 
a flat surface, such as the side or gable of a house, 
or a flat rock, or anything of the kind, while they 
are being driven with force, they will rebound and 
the sound be carried back to where it was made. 
When the surface struck is near, the sound returns 
immediately; when it is at a considerable distance, 
the echo does not occur for some time after the 
sound is made. When persons speak in walkin fo- 
under an archway or tunnel, they appear to be talk- 
ing much louder than if they were not under them, 
because, the sound is immediately thrown back, and 
it seems like one sound. 

There are many places where remarkable echoes 
occur. One of these is Echo Kanyon, east of this 
city, where the high rocks, with flat surfaces facing 
different ways, produce a number of sounds. 

On the banks of the Ehine, at Lurley, if the 

weather be favorable, the report of a rifle, or the 
substances, which retain not only the form but also, , -, » "* -n , , ' 

... . + ' ,w,™ Q . *,. JL ^ ♦».« u^„ ' s °. und of a trum P et > Wl11 be seated at different 



periods, and with various degrees of strength, from 
crag to crag, on opposite sides of the river alter- 
nately. A similar effeet is heard in the neighbor- 
hood of sonie of the Lochs in Scotland. There is 
a place at Woodstock, in Gloucestershire, which is 
said to echo a sound fifty times. Near Boseneath, 
a few miles from Glasgow, there is a spot where, if 
a person plays a bar of music upon a bridge, the 
notes will be repeated by an echo, but a third low- 
er; after a short pause, another echo is heard, 
again in a lower tone; then follows another pause, 
and a third repetition follows in a still lower key? 
The effect is very enchanting. • 

Politeness is like an air cushion: there may be 
nothing in it, but it eases our jolts wonderfully. 

Science strengthens and enlarges the mind. 

Dare to be good though the world laugh at yon. 



la 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



Cju !lttftiait0. 

LAMAN AND NEPHI VISIT LABAN. 

When Nephi and his brothers arrived near Jeru- 
salem they consulted together, and concluded to 
cast lots" to see which of them should go to ask 
Laban for the brass plates containing the records. 
The lot fell upon Laman; so he went up to Laban's 
house and, after being invited in, sat and conversed 
with him.for a little while. Now, it is quite proba- 
ble that Lehi and all his family were well acquaint- 
ed with Laban before they left Jerusalem, so that 
they had some reason to expect a kind reception. 
But when Laman told his business and asked for 
the plates, Laban was greatly enraged, abused him 
shamefully, called him a thief, and would have kill- 
ed him had he not fled out of his house. 

When Laman returned to his brothers, and told 
them the treatment be had received from Laban, 
they were all very sorrowful, and Laman and Lem- 
uel wanted to go back to their father without the 
plates; but Nephi said,— No, God sent us here for 
them, and we will not go back without them, for 
the Lord always gives His children power, in some 
way, to do what -He commands them. So, after 
another consultation, they concluded to go and 
gather together all the gold and silver and precious 
things that belonged to their father, which he had 
left in his house at Jerusalem, and offer to ex- 
change them with Laban for the plates of brass. 
The brass plates were not worth a great deal except 
for what was written upon them; and Laban, be- 
ing a wicked man, did not c^re about the good 
things they contained; but Lehi's sons wanted to 
show Laban that they did not wish to steal or beg 
the plates testa him, but were willing to pay him a 
great deal mora than they were worth to any one 
but themselves. So they all went up to Laban's 
house this i ■•-, mg their riches with them, and 
offered him the whole of them for the plates. But 
when Laban saw their great .treasures he coveted 
them, and, as he still refused to let them have the 
plates, he determined to kill them and take their 
property. So he quarrelled with them, drove them 
out of the house and sent his servants to murder 
them. ' Nephi and his brothers escaped, however, 
out of their hands, but had to leave all their treas- 
ures behind them. 

This was a sad blow to them all, and they felt 
more sorrowful than ever. Laman and Lemuel be- 
came very angry with Nephi and Sam and began to 
beat and abuse them, charging them with being the 
cause of all their troubles. But while Laman and 
Lemuel were thus cruelly beating their younger 
brothers, as they dwelt in a cave in the mountains 
near Jerusalem, an Angel suddenly appeared in 
their midst and rebuked them for their wickedness 
and violence, telling them that the Lord had 
chosen Nephi, because of his righteousness, to be 
their ruler and leader, and commanded them to 
go up once more to Jerusalem, promising that the 
Lord would deliver Laban into their ha*nds. 

Many of our little readers will, no doubt, won- 
der if Angels ever come to visit people in these 
days. Yes, ' numbers of persons have had very 
glorious and happy visits from them during the 
last thirty or forty years; and many more might 
enjoy this privilege if they would only seek for it, 
and make their hearts, their persons and their 
houses clean and pure, for good angels will not 
visit wicked men and women, nor naughty children, 
neither do they like to go into dirty houses; they 
only love those who are good and gentle, kind 
and clean, who love God and try to do as He and 
His servants tell them. The Lord loves little chil- 
dren who pray to Him, who try to be good and 



obedient to their parents, and He sends His Angels 
to watch over and take care of them, although we 
do not see them. Still, there are some of them 
near us most of the time, and a great many chil- 
dren have had their eyes opened by the Spirit of 
the Lord so that they could see them, and some 
of our little readers may be so happy, some day, 
as to see them and enjoy their company, if they 
will only try to overcome their -naughty feelings, 
always speak the truth and not forget to pray to 
the Lord. 

After the Angel left Nephi and his brethren, 
Laman and Lemuel still complained and murmur- 
ed, but as Nephi was determined to go once more 
to Jerusalem, as the Angel had commanded, they 
concluded to go with them. It was after dark 
when they arrived at Jerusalem, aud Nephi told 
his brothers to wait outside the walls while he 
went up into the city. He proceeded very cautious- 
ly, and, on arriving near to Laban's house, found 
a man lying in the street, before him, drunk. 
He stooped down to see who it was and found 
it was Laban. He had girt around his waist, a 
very beautiful and valuable sword, the hilt, or 
handle of which was made of gold and the blade 
was of the very best steel. Nephi took this 
sword out of its scabbard and cut off Laban's head 
with it. He hesitated to do it at first, as he 
had never killed any 1 one before; but the Spirit 
of the Lord told him to do it, because Laban was 
a wicked man and would not obey God, and be- 
sides, he had tried to kill Nephi and his brothers, 
and had robbed them of all their treasuries and 
would not give them the plates, — he, therefore, 
deserved to die. 

Nephi then stripped Laban of his clothes and 
put them upon himself, girding his sword round 
him also, and went towards Laban's house. On 
his way he met Zoram, Laban's servant, who, sup- 
posing Nephi to be his master, readily obeyed his 
command to fetch the brass plates out of Laban's 
treasury and to bring them outside the city walls. 
Upon Nephi's approach liis' brethren fled from him 
in dismay, supposing him to be Laban, and that, 
having killed their brother, he was now come to 
slay them. Nephi called after them, however, aud 
as soon as they heard his voice they were glad and 
returned. Zoram, finding that he had not been fol- 
lowing Laban, as he supposed, trembled and turn- 
ed \o flee. But Nephi knew that if Zoram went 
back to Jerusalem to tell what had happened, the 
wicked Jews would follow them and try to kill him 
and his brothers, so, being a large and very strong 
young man, he laid hold ©f Zoram to prevent his 
running away and talked to him until he finally 
consented to accompany then? into the wilderness to 

their father Lehi. 

(to be continued.) 

»»<«» »■ 

a [For the Juvenile Instructor. 

KIND HINTS. 

Little boys and girls should not use tea or cof- 
fee, nor drink soup nor anything else while it is hot. 
Why? Because the Lord has told us that it is not 
good to do so; (see Book of Doc. & Cov., Sec. 81.). 
Now we are all satisfied that God knows what is 
best for us, not only in eating and drinking, but in 
everything else. that affects our happiness in this 
life as well as in the life to come ; and when he has 
been so kind as to speak to us and tell us what is 
for our good, do you not think it very ungrateful 
and wicked not to pay attention to what He says? 
What do you think of children who habitually dis- 
regard the wishes of their parents? You would 
say they do not love their fathers and mothers, or 
they would do as they tell them. And the angels 
and good men will think we do not love God much 
if we do -not strive to please Him. in every respect. 



God has also said that it is not good for us to use 
tobacco or liquor or to eat much meat in summer, 
and He has promised that all who will give heed to 
His advice and obey all His commandments shall 
become very wise and very good. People who do 
not use any hot drinks, tobacco, intoxicating liquors, 
nor a great deal of meat, are always healthier, hap- 
pier and handsomer than those who do. 

Now, if any of the little boys and girls who read 
this have indulged in these or any other bad habits, 
we hope that they will discontinue them at once, 
and if they have not formed them we trust they 
will never be so foolish as to do so. If they will 
abstain from the use ,of tea, 'coffee, tobacco, intox- 
icating liquors, bad words and everything that is 
wicked, they will grow up to be healthy, happy, 
wise and useful men and women, aud they will be 
loved by the Lord and by all good people. 

THE LION. 




The lion is not a very large animal, but is very 
strong and powerful, so much so that he is called 
the king of beasts. The illustration above repre- 
sents what is told in the following fable, — a fable, 
we must tell you, is a short story conveying a 
moral, by which some principle is taught. 

A lion had a little mouse in his power, and was 
just going to set his paw on it and crush it to death, 
when the little thing pleaded for its life, and the 
lion let it go. The mouse, full of gratitude, thank- 
ed the lion, and said if it ever had the opportunity 
it would do a good turn for the lion. The power- 
ful beast looked down on it with contempt, wonder- 
ing how such a little thing could imagine it could be 
of any service to him. But by and by the lion was 
caught in a net set for him by some hunters, and 
when the little mouse heard the roars of its preser- 
ver, who was unable to free himself, it came and cut 
the meshes of the net with its little sharp teeth, and 
set the lion free. This is the fable; and though 
beasts cannot talk, the moral is, that we should 
never despise the power of anything to do good, no 
matter how insignificant it may appear to be. 

The following extract, from a book called Alge- 
ria and Tunis, concerning a pet lion, is interesting. 
A gentleman visiting at a house in Algeria, 
says: "In a few minutes the door opened, and a 
lion entered the-room, the man only leading him by 
a tuft of his mane. He was a magnificent .animal, 
two years old, and full grown, all but his mane, 
which, although but a foot long, made, neverthe- 
less, a respectable appearance. He did not seem 
to care about our being strangers, but walking 
about the room like a large dog, permitted us to 
take liberties with him, such as patting him, shak- 
ing a paw, and making him exhibit his teeth and 
claws. He showed, however, a marked predilec- 
tion in favor of his old acquaintances, and lying 
down before them, turned on his back to be scratch- 
ed. After a scratch or two he began to yawn, and 
was fairly settling himself for a nap, when a cigar 
was puffed in his face, a proceeding he evidently 
did not approve of. Rising in a hurry, curling up 
his lips, and wrinkling his nose, he exposed to view 
a splendid set of teeth, a sure sign he was not 
pleased. A hearty sneeze seemed to restore him to 
good temper; and bearing no malice, he returned a 
friendly pat, bestowed upon hfm by Captain Mar- 
tenot, who had been the aggressor, by rubbing his 
head caressingly against his knees." 



■ 

I 



