'§QlmsB im t|e ^u)i\ 



r/C'i> 




VOL. 6. 



.SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAECH 18, 1871. 



NO. 6. 



W 



C3-EOK.G-E :fo2?:. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



MOST of our readers have doubtless heard of a relisrious 
sect of people called Quakers. The founder of this 
religious order was George Fox, the son of a weaver, and 
himself an apprentice to a Nottingham shoemaker. His 
master owned sheep and George was set by him to watch 
them. He passed much of his time iu early youth in 
prayer and reading the Bible, and fasted frequently to 
know the right way. He souglit for knowledge among 
the various sects ; but became convinced that they were 
all wrong. What to do he did not know, aud many 
nights he walked all night long in the fields by himself in 
misery too great to be declared. He was almost tempted 
to become an infidel, to deny the existence of a God aud 
to adopt the idea that "all things come by nature ;" but a 
true voice arose within him, aud said, "there is a living 
God." The clouds 
of darkness rolled 
away ; his soul was 
cheered and filled by 
light from heaven ; 
he enj oyed the sweet- 
ness of repose, and 
from that time for- 
ward he never 
doubted. He came 
to the concl u s i o n 
that the truth was to 
be sought by listen- 
ing to the voice of 
God in the soul, and 
he went about 
preaching and pro- 
claiming unto the 
peopU^ against the 
many sins that pre- 
vailed. 

Oil one occasion a preacher, to whom he listened, took 
for his text the words of Peter: "We have also a more 
sure word of prophecy." This preacher told the people 
this was the scriptures. George Fox cried out, "O no! it 
is not the scriptures; it is the spirit." For his zeal in 
preaching and attacking religious sects he was cast into 
prison, and greatly persecuted, and even threatened with 
death ; but preach he woidd, and nothing but death could 
slop him. Fox was very severe ujjon the hireling minis- 
try ; he did not believe that any man should preach for 
money, and that ministers should not be emjjloyed ; but 
men should speak as the spirit moves them. To this day 



the Quakers have no ministers ; they go to meeting and 
sit in silence until some one, either male or female, is 
moved upon to speak ; and when the time comes to dis- 
miss they walk away, not uufrequently without a word 
having been said in the meeting. 

At one time a doctor of divinity had finished preaching 
from the words : "Ho every one that thirsteth, come 
buy without money !" George Fox felt moved to say to 
him: "Come down, thou deceiver! dost thou bid the peo- 
ple come to the waters of life freely, and yet thou takest 
three hundred pounds a year of them ? the Spirit is a free 
teacher." 

The Quakers quote the scriptures to prove that the 
patriarchs were men who tended flocks ; that the pro- 
phets were mechanics and shepherds ; and the apostles 

were fishermen , that 
John the Bai)tist 
was clad in a rough 
garment of camel's 
hair, and that; Jesus 
himself was reared 
under the roof of a 
carpenter, and the 
messengers of his 
choice were rustics. 
Fox ta u g h t true 
republicanism. He 
taught his followers 
to lot their commu- 
nication be yea, yea; 
nay, nay. They 
were not to swear ; 
they were not to go 
to war ; they were 
not to enslave their 
fellows ; they were 
not to use titles, but when they spoke to each other to 
address by the title of friends, and to use the luonouns 
thou and "thee, instead of the plural pronoun you; lobe 
very plain in their dress and in their food. These are 
peculiarities which still exist among the Quakers. 
Among other things they refuse to put off their hats; 
they regard all nuMi as being created equal, and, therefore, 
'wear their hats in the presence of kings, judges and all 
! dignitaries as an evidence of C(|uality, and they think 
that they ought not to do homage to their fellow- nu'ii, but 
to bow to ( Jod alone. 

In some future number we will give a description of the 




i^2^- 



■\^^4i 






-ftpw 



f 



0" TJ ^ E :iTI L E] IltTSTI^TJCTOI?., 



setUemeut of Peiiusylvania, by William Peun and his 
Quaker brethren ; but to-day we will dwell upon the sul>- 
jeet of our eugraviug. lu the middle of the seveuteeiith 
eentury (Quakers were called iu the province of Miissaehu- 
settj*, "the accui-sed .sect;" and the people who entertained 
them were lined. For being a CJuaker on the tii-st convic- 
tion the man or woman would 1 )se one ear : for the second 
another ear; for the third, the tongue was bored with a 
red-hot iron. Tiiis law, however, was soon rejiealed, and 
was never jirinted ; but a jiciuilty was inii)osed upon every 
pen-on wlio should be present at a IJuaker meeting, or 
wlio should speak at such meetings, l^uakers were ban- 
islied from the jurisdiction, and if they did not leave, they 
were to be killed. Kour of them were executed for tliis 
cause. In tlie engraving a tiuaker stands before a judge 
iu Massachusetts, he will not tiotl" his hat, but wears it in 
deliance of the Court. After three of the i)ei-sons above 
alluded to were executed, a man by the name of William 
Leddra was put upon trial fur not leaving the colony. 
While the trial was proceeding, Wenlock Christison, wlio 
had been banished on pain of death, entered the court. 
The Judges were struck with dismay at seeing him ; for 
tliey found their Ihreateuings could not frighten the 
tiuakers. They desired Leddra to accept his life and 
leave Uie colony. He refuseii, and was hung. Cliristison, 
as you see iu tlie engraving, was then brought up. He 
demanded of the Judges by what law he was to be put to 
deatli ; they replied, "Wo have a law, and by it you arc to 
die." Weulock said, "So said the Jews to Christ; but 
who emjMJwered you to make that law '.'" They answered, 
"We have a jiatent, and we make our own .laws." He 
again ini|uired, "Can you make laws repugnant to those 
of Kngland'.'" They replied, ">'o." Tlieu said lie, "Vou 
have gone beyon.i your bonds ; I demand to lie tried by 
the laws of Kugland, and there is no law there to hang 
tluttkers." The magistrates were divided iu pronouncing 
s<'ntenc«?, the vote Wiis put the second time, and there ai>- 
I-eared a majority for the diM)m of death. Wenlock asked 
them, "What do you gain by taking a tjuaker's life? If 
you have jKjwer to take my life God can rai.so up ten 
witnesses in my stead.' The magistrates linally became 
convinced of their error. Wenlock Christison, with 
twenty seven of his friends, was discharged from prison, 
and the persecutions against the Quakers ceased. 



(Conliiiu'd.) 



A.M.VLIClvI.Ml, it seems, had a brother whose name 
was Ammorun, who wiLS also an a|M>state and a trai- 
Ifir. We have no particulars as to when he dcsertcil the 
-Nephit*-*! anil coniiecleil himself with the hamanites, 
though it is priib.'kble that he nci'ompanied his hrother and 
was a partniT in his guilt. ['|H>n (he death of Anialick- 
iati, he was ap|Miinted kini; over the Lamaniles. One of 
his rtrst orders which In- ^'ave after being ri'cogni/.ed king, 
was that liLs {xMiple should maintain those cities wliieh 
they hail captured. The capturing of tlicse hn<l ('ost them 
much bliKMl, they U-in;; mi well defendi'd; and he was not 
dis|H>sed to relini|iiiHh them. In carrying out this |H>licy 
be had c<in-<iilerable success for a lime, for 'i'eancum was 
Well aware of the uwleiwness of a contest with the I<am- 
anites while protected by their battlement.H and forts; for 
they Were stroni? and numerous. He, however, dii4 not 
neglect any protection ue<.'ewtary to defend liimself anil 
the c<>untry oKaiust tlie attacks of Ammoron and his 
troops. Ky the orders of .Moroni, he forlilled the narrow 
pass at the isthmus, so that the Lamanitej* should not be 



able to get around them in that direction, or to harraas 
them from that quarter. He did everything in his power 
also to fortify :U1 the cities which the Nephitos had in 
their possession. 

Ammoron had, iu the meantime, returned to the land 
of IS^e|)hi, and had communicated to the queen the news 
of tlie death of his brother. He gathered together another 
army, an<i with it made an attack upon the Ncphites on 
the I'acilic coast, with the intention of tliverting their 
forces and harrassing them so that they would be weaken- 
ed in their defence of the land of Zarahemla, where his 
former operations had been princi))ally conducted. At 
the same time he had instructed his otliceis in Zarahemla 
to act on the aggressive to the extent of their iwwer and 
according to the strength of their armies. For nearly two 
years allaiis remained in this condition, until Moroni 
marched to the assistance of Teancum. There was a city 
which was known by the name of Mulek that Moroni was 
desirous of re-taking and lu- liad given Teancum orders to 
make an assault upon it, but the latter saw that ho 
could not overpower the Lanianites while they were in 
their fort ilicat ions. Therefore, he awaited the arrival of 
Moroni's army. When the Commander-in-Chief arrived, 
he called a council of war, and took into consideration 
what means they should adopt to cause the Lamanites to 
come against them to battle, so as to have a light on the 
open plain. They .sent an invitation to the commander of 
the city, who was an apostate by the name of Jacob, to 
come out and have a fair lighten open ground; but this 
did not suit his purpose. He determined to remain within 
the shelter of his walls. Moroni, linding that his chal- 
lenge to liglit outside the city was not accepted, resolved 
to decoy the Lamanites out of their stronghold. He 
ordered Teancum to take a small number of men and 
march down to near the sea shore; while himself and his 
army marched by night into the wilderness on the west 
side of the city. In the morning, when the guards of the 
1. lamanites discovered Teancum and his troop of men, 
they ran and lold Jacob, the coininaniler of the city. Un- 
suspecting, aiipareiitly, that this was a decoy, and seeing 
a small nunibcr of the Nephites, he thought he could 
easily capture lliem; and he inarched out to attack thom. 
When Teancum saw theui coming out lu' began to retreat 
down by the sea shore. As soon as the Lamaniles saw 
him commence his retreat they jiursui'd him with great 
vigor. Of coui-se they were led away from the city; and 
Moroni, when he .saw it unprotected, commanded a part 
of his army to march against the city and take jiossession 
of it, while he marched with the remainder to meet the 
Lamauiles when they should return from the pureuit of 
Teancum. Tlio.se who marched against the city succeeded 
in capturing it, and killed all who had been left to protect 
it who would not yield up their arms and surrender. 

The Lamanites pursued Teancum until they drew near 
the city of iSountifiil, when they were met by Ia'Iu and a 
small army who had been left in charge of tliat city. 
When they saw him marching down towards them, they 
turned and lied, thinking (hey could not regain their own 
city before he overtook them; for they were considerably 
wearied with their march. They had no idea that Moroni 
had made an attack upon their city, and all they feared 
wius Lehi and his men. Moroni had arranged his jilans 
most excellently, and the Lamanites were thoroughly 
entrapped. 

H was not Ijchl's i>olley to overtake the Lamanites be- 
fore tlu'V met Moroni and his army, whii'h they did before 
they had marched very far. Surrounded on all sides by 
Nephitcs, and thoroughly tired by their long march, they 
were not in a position to resist the onslaught which was 
made upon them; but tliey fouglit with fierce courage. 






^JSHr 



I 



^ 






J- TJ ^ E IsT I I-i E IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



'^^4 



4=3 



Jacob, their leader, waa killed, as well as many more. 
The Nephites also siiftered; Moroni was wounded and 
many others were killed. A large number of the Laman- 
ites surrendered unconditionally, and those who resisted 
were taken and bound, deprived of their weapons and 
were marched back to the city of Bountiful, of wliicli 
Lehi had held command. These captives were guarded 
while they buried their own dead and the dead of the 
Nephites; and they were also put to work fortifying the 
city Bountiful. This was Moroni's policy, for they were 
so numerous that it waa not easy to guard them in any 
other way. 

At the close of that year Ammoron sent a request unto 
Moroni for an exchange of prisoners. The proposition 
pleased Moroni, for it was quite a burden feeding his 
prisoners, and he desired the provisions with which he 
fed them for the support of his own people; and he also 
wished to add to the strength of his army. Among the 
prisoners taken by the Lamanites were many women and 
children, while the prisoners that the Nephites had were 
all men. So in answering Ammoron, Moroni profTered to 
exchange on one condition only, namely, for every Lam- 
anite prisoner that he had to receive in exchange a man, 
his wife and liis children. At the same time he wrote a 
very severe letter to Ammoron, in which he charged him 
with having sought to murder the Nephites and destroy 
them while they, the Nephites, had only sought to defend 
themselves. He also wrote to him concerning the justice 
of God, and the sword of his almighty wrath which hung 
over him, and also concerning that awful hell that 
awaited such murderers as he and his brothers were. He 
further said that unless he and his armies withdrew, that 
they would wage a war against them until they were 
destroyed, and if it were necessary he would arm his 
women and children, and he would march against them 
and follow them even until he came to their own land, 
and it should be blood for blood, and life for life; he would 
not cease to flglit until tliey were destroyed from ofl" the 
face of the earth. 

This epistle made Ammoron very angry, and he wrote 
a reply, in which he charged the Nephites with tlie mur- 
der of his brotlier Amalickiah, and said he was deter- 
mined to avenge his blood upon them. He also set forth 
a most absurd claim, just such a claim as we miglit expect 
an apostate to make, to the effect that tlie fatliers of the 
Nephites had wronged their bretliren, and liad robbed 
them of tlicir rights to the government wJion it riglitly 
belonged to tliem. In stating this lie referred to Neplii, 
Sam, Jacob and Joseph, the younger sons of Lelii, who 
had witlidrawn from Laman and Lemuel, the older sons. 
He further proposed to Moroni tliat if tliey would lay 
down their arms and subject themselves to be governed 
by those to whom tlie govenmient, us he considered, 
rightly belonged, then he would cause his people to lay 
aside their arms and tlie war should ce;ise. He iievertlie- 
les8 wished to excliange prisoners on tlie terms jiroposed 
by Moroni; but added that they would wage a war tliat 
was eternal, either until the Nepliites were subjected or 
comi)l('tely destroyed. 

When Moroni received this letter he was determined 
tliat he would not exchange prisoners on any terms. He 
knew that Ammoron had a pcrfi'cl knowledge of his fraud, 
and also that it was not a just cause that had prompted 
him to wage war against the Nrphiti;s, and he delcrinincd 
that he would iiot*,'lv«; him any more power than he hail 
by exchanging his prisoners unless he withdrew his pur- 
jjose to wage war. 



{To be continued.) 



s I TIP nsr. * 

LAURA came to her Instructor, and wished to be ex- 
cused from writing a composition which had been 
required of her. The Instructor inquired: "Why do you 
wish me to excuse you, Laura?" 

Laura. — "I don't know what to write; I cannot write 
anything fit to be seen." 

Instructor.— '^\Ne\\, Laura, we will converse about it. 
Do you wish to be excused from spelling, reading, or 
writing?" 

Laura. — "No, sir." 

Instructor.— "Why not from these, as well as writing a 
composition?" 

Laura. — "They are easy; and, besides, we couM not do 
without a knowledge of them." 

Instructor. — "Could you always read, Laura?" 

Laura. — "No, sir." 

In-itrucior. — "How is it that you can read now?" 

Laura. — "I have learned to read." 

Instructor. — "How long were you in trying to learn, 
before you could read with ease?" 

Laura. — "I do not know; it was a long time." 

Instructor. -"Did you tell tlie teacher that you wished 
to be excused, and that you never could learn, and that 
you could not read in a way fit to be heard?" 

Laura. — "No, I did not." 

Instructor.— "l saw you knitting and sewing, the other 
day; could you always knit and sew?" 

Laura. — "I could not." 

Instructor.— "How, then, can you do so now?" 

Laura. — "Because I have learned how to do both. 

Instructor. — "How did you learn?" 

Laura.— "By trying." 

Listructor.— "Did you ever tell your mother she must 
excuse you from knitting and sewing, because you did 
not know liow, and could not sew or knit fit to be seen?" 

Laura.— "L did not." 

Instruotor.—"\yhy did you not?" 

Laura.— "I knew if I did not keep trying, I never could 
learn, and so I kept on." 

Instructor.— "Do you think it is necessary to know liow 
to write letters, and to express yourself properly when 
writing?" 

Laura.— "O, yes sir." 

//i8</-«c<or.— "You expect to have occasion to write let- 
ters, do you not?" 

Laura.— "1 presume I shall, for I have written to my 
brother and cousin already." 

Instructor.— "'i^han you think if I should aid you in 
learning to write a letter or other piece of composiUon 7>ro- 
pcrlij, that I should do you a great benefit?" 

Laura.— "I suppose, sir, you would." 

Inslructor.—"l>i it right for me to benefit you and the 
school as much as I can?" 

Laura.— "I suppose, sir, you ought to aid us all you 

can." 

Instructor.— "■!^\\ouh\ I do right, if I neglected the 
means wl-.ich will benefit you?" 

X«j/ra.— "No, sir." 

Inslrui:lnr.—"lio\\' I will answer you. You askeil if I 
would excuse you from writing. I will do ho, if you 
think I could be juslilied In neglecting to i>eiii'll( you as 
much as 1 can. If you can say, sincerely, that yi>u believe 
it is my duty to do wrong to the school, by Indulging 
Uiem in neglecting what lliey ought to learn, then I will 
comiily with your own reciuest." 

Laura frankly acknowledged thai the teacher ought not 
to excuse her from tliiscxerciBC— -SV,/cc<< (i. 



•-^^ 



I 



&e^ 




J^ 



4:4 



CTTJ "V^ E nsr I H. El ZltTSTI^TJCTOie/. 






CEORCE 0. CANNON 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, MARCH 18, 


ISTl. 



EIDITOI^I.^Xj thotjg-hits. 




niLPREX are fond of imitating the eon- 
iluct of those who are older than them- 
selves. They are more Ukely to do this 
than to follow iustruetions which do not 
:iirrec with what they see before them, 
llenee, it is said that example is bettor 
than )>reeei>t. For instance, if a boy sees 
his father chewing or smoking tobacco, it is 
of but little use for that father to say to Lis 

y son, you ought not to chew and smoke, 
riicy are bad practices and it would be veiy 
rrntig for you to adopt them." 

His example before his son would be opposed 
• precepts, and his son would be likely to think: 

chewing and smoking tobacco are so wrong, 
ilues my i'ather not throw these haliits aside?" 

same with a mother and her daughters. If the 
mother drinks tea and coffee, but tells her daughters that ihcy 
must not, they are more likely to follow her example than her 
teaching. How important, therefore, is example, and how 
necc.s.<arj- that chiMren keep good coniitany where they do not 
have bad examples constantly Ijefore them! It is so easy i'or 
many natures to imitate what they see around them that if 
lliey are placed for any length of time in the society of people 
who swear, they will .swear ; of peojile who drink liquor, tea or 
coffee, they will ilrink these l>everagcs also ; of people who 
smoke or chew, they will smoke and chew. Rut such shouM 
not bo the nature of young I>attcr-d.iy Saints. Tlicy .sliould 
have a fixed rule of conduct for thcmsolves, ami that nilc 
(<honld 1)0 in accordance with the law of Tiod. AVhcn'Vcr they 
•-'■1. or in wliatevcr .society they are thrown, they sIikuM pur- 
-iie tlicir own course ami ol>ey the rule of right. This thry 
»hould do regardless of nthers' conduct. If they liajipcM to !><■ 
thn)wn with men who swear, drink liipior, chew or smoke 
tobacco, they should not imitate them ; but be strong and po.si- 
tivc in uiainL-iining their own habit.s. 

A good many strangers have lately come to Salt J^kc city. 
.^Iany of them swear, drink, and chew and smoke tob.tcco. 
Tlicy travel the streets with cigars in their mouths. I)o you 
think it would look Wi-ll for our lioys and young men to fullow 
their cxamjilcs, and do as they do? Certainly not. Vet there 
arc some so silly as to think that it is matily and looks well to 
.tmokc cigars, ami tln-y go puffing along the street.s in imitation 
of the (icntiles whom tlicy see. Sensible jwoplc who nc(. 
th<in do this, .sot them down as wcak-mimlcd simpletons. 
Tliey j»or<-civc at once that they have no strength of cLar:icter, 
and that their conduct is like that of the monkeys. .Monkeys, 
you know, arc vcrj' fond of doing whatev<T lliey sec men do, 
however foolish and ridiculous it may l>c. 

We can tell you, children, that m<!n and women of bad 
liabiLs ailmire those who have strength of chanicti-r to rr.^ist 
their exani|iles and to slick to the nghl. Ami rortainly iho.-^- 
of good habits admire and respect thi'in lor their lirnines,s. 
RcmemlRT this, and do what your con.science tells you is right 
wherever you may be. ]f you arc alone in a company of 



drinkers ; never mind, be sure that you do not di'ink. So with 
smokers. If in a comi)auy where every person but yourself 
drinks tea and coffee ; do not be ashamed to decline drinking 
with them. Show your companions that you have independ- 
ence of character to do what you think is right. It is just as 
proper for you to set them an example in carrying out your 
habits, as it is for them to .set you an examjile in carrying 
out theirs. By taking this course, your lives will be a per- 
IxHu.il seniion ; \o>i will be preaching your jiriuciples by 
example. 



rilllLDREN to be u.seful and happy must have a purpose. 
^ It is common to all persons, but more espeeiall}' those who 
po.ssess pride of character, to reflect upon the course of life 
they would be most pleased to follow. If a child is inclined to 
bo virtuous, he will select a.s.sociatos posscs.sing tastes similar to 
his own, — hence the expression: "A man is known by the 
company he keeps." This is true, for although a i)erson may 
be thrown liy circumstances into low societj-, yet to a boy of 
good taste such society will prove so distastei'ul that he will 
not remain any longer than possible in it, but join those who.sc 
aims are similar to his own. In the selection of associates most 
congenial to one's nature, it is not necessary to seek admission 
to the families of the wealthy ; — but to discover persons who 
have virtuous aims and iiuri)0.ses in life. To be born in a free 
country and an heir to all the bles,sings we enjoy, in this vast 
republic, we are under obligations to rellect upon the use we 
make of life. 

People in this laud arc not surrounded by barriers as tluiy 
are in many countries of Kiirope. There society runs in 
grooves. A boy lives and moves in the .same class of society 
as his father ; a girl as her mother. It is almost impos.siblo 
lor them to change their condition. This, of course, does not 
prevent their being virtuous, honest and ui)riglit ; but it 
limits their iiowers, and confines their aspirations. ]5ut this is 
a land of freedom ; the most humble is (lie equal in many res- 
pects of the highest and greatest. A poor man's son may 
become a leading ami honored man ; so with his daughters. 
It is not birth or riches that gives distinction so much as it is 
ability and worth. In this rosi)ect, then, wc are most favored 
in being permitted to live iu this country. 

Children, have a purpose in life. Do not live like the 
animals or the trees; do not vegetiite, and pas^ thnnigh your 
existence eating, drinking, .sleeping and supfilying yonr daily 
wants alone. Vou arc .sent lu'rc for something higher than 
this. Suiiplying the body what it needs is vc'ry important, but 
this labor only forms a very .small part of the duties which 
devolve niion you. You are capable of performing great 
things, for Cod li.as endowed you with great jiower.s. You 
should, therefore, have high aims. And in cheri.shing high 
aims, do not imagine for one moment that you must despise or 
neglect little things. 

We meet persons who think they cannot be <il' any impor- 
tance \inless they have ini|)ortant )>ositions. They i'ccl that 
certain kinds ni' labor an' beneath them and unworthy of their 
abilities. This is a very foolish idea, .lesus descended below 
all things that he might ascend above all things. And so it is 
fre(|uently with us. J^et a boy, a girl or a man and woman do 
whatever they have to do in the be.st po.ssible manner, and 
they are sure to be u.seful and to rise. Tliis i.s a secret, chil- 
dren, which you should always bear in mind. 11' you should 
lie put to .any labor, no matter what it is, so long as it is not 
dishonorable, aim to do it as well aH it can be done. If a team- 
ster, \m: a good one ; if a iiirnier, be a good one ; ii'a mechanic, 
Irarn your tnidc well ; if callrd to preach the gospel, strive to 
In; a thoroughly efficient KIder, ami .so with every duty in life. 
.^Iake this your purpose, and follow it up in all your actions. 







vJTJ'VElIsril-iE HSrSTI^^TJOTOI?/. 



4:5 



THE IyIETRyOI=OIjITJ^lSr 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



row streets and its crowded lanes. These last had much 
to do with the building of this railroad. It was found the 
multitudes of omuibusses, wagons, carts, carriages, <&c. 
carrying men and merchandize, were filling the streets to 
such an extent that there was no room for them to pass 
one another. Streets were sometimes blocked up for 
hours by the crowd of vehicles. To avoid this an under- 
ground railroad was proposed to connect the difierent por- 
tions of London, and run into the heart of the city. By 
this means, it was thought, much of the traffic would be 
taken off the streets, and many persons of slender means 
would be able to live in a comfortable home a few miles 
from town, instead of being cooped up in some narrow, 
dingy street, or foul reeking alley. In many respects the 
anticipations of the promoters of the scheme have been 
abundantly realized. 

But why build it underground? Because the land above 
was too valuable. It would have cost an almost fabulous 
sum to have purchased the property that would have had 

to have been jnil- 
led down to make 
way for the road. 
To build a road 
over the tops of 
the houses would 
also have 
been too expen- 
sive. So the idea 
was mooted, and 
eventually decid- 
ed upon, to build 
aroadunderneatli 
the streets, in the 
neighborhood of 
the gas and water 
pip e s and the 
sewers. Of course 
there was a con- 
siderable amount 
of opposition, as 
there always is to 
anything new or 
strange, but i t 
was not ell'ectual. 
The road was sur- 
veyed and the 

work commenced. Tlio streets were torn up piece by 
piece, the earth was excavated, the walls built up, the root 

Two or three minutes' passed, and we were in the shadows I covered over, the old road returned to its place and^ t e 
from the upper world. Another station had been reached tunnel was complete underneatli. It was done wiUi gieut 
and the train was at rest. But scarcely was it stopped [ rapidity and ouly a short distance of a street was '^r" "1' 
before it was again on its forward course, and we once j at one time. So soon as completed it was opened, the 
more entered the gloom of the tunnel. And so we passed \ fares were placed at low rates, and the cars be 
from station to station, through tunnel and tunnel until] rapidly 



OUR cut represents a station on the ISIetropolitan Rail- 
road in London. It is often called the underground 
railroad, for the reason that for nearly the whole of its 
length it runs like one long tunnel beneath the streets and 
houses of the vast metropolis of Great B ritain. You will 
notice in the picture that the light in the station comes 
from above not from the sides, and that the passengers 
and their friends are going up and down a high staircase. 
This staircase leads to the level of the city above. 

We happened to be in London at the time when this 
railroad was opened ; and curiousity led us to take a trip 
in its cars on the first day they ran. Having secured our 
ticket we descended into the station where everything 
seemed tinted with the sombre gray of early morning, 
except where the garish lamps spread a yellow glimmer 
for a short distance around. The atmosphere seemed 
heavy, the scent was rather unpleasant, reminding one 
slightly of those regions of fire and brimstone, where 
some suppose the wicked will be sent after death. 

In a few mi- ^^^^^ ^^^g»rgg'»'^>-\x\\^ 

Hutes the train ^^^^^■■^■r' " .\ 

arrived. The 
engine was a 
stumpy, little, 
black thing, with 
a short smoke 
stack, and with- 
out very much 
external orna- 
ment, just sucli 
one as you see 1 
low. We jumi i I 
aboard and weif 
o ir in a f e w 
seconds. Imme- 
diately the twi- 
light of thestatiou 
gave way to tin' 
darkness of the 
tunnel. The 
flickering lights 
gave an unsteady 
light inside the 
comfortable little 
carriages, liutout- 
s-ideall was black. 

The density of the atmosphere became more apparent, 
and the scent of sulphur Ijceame still more noticeable. 




our trip was ended. We then walked rapidly into the 
SI ini-suns-liine of a Ijondon street, thankful that we were 
safoly through so novel a journey. Since then we have 
jjasscd along tlie line many times; but the novelty has 
departed, and it has long ceased to be one of tlie curiosi- 
ties of travel. 

You may ask, what was the use of building such a road? 
uiiy not build it lik(! others on the level ground? Wf 
will tell you some of the reasons. All of you who have 
not liicn in London, Iiave heard of it. You have read of 
its vast size, its miles of streets, its hundreds of thousunds! at niglit. Now, supjiosing a workman 

miles to work and live miles back, or ten nides a day. 



to till 
The first fears of the jjcoplo as to the danger of 
such a road speedily vanislied, and the Metropolitan 
Railroad became one of the paying institutions of Kng- 
land's great city. So successful has it been tliat iium<'rous 
l)rancheB liave been built, others are still projected, and bye 
and bye we may expect there will be in London as nuu'li 
traffic underground as above the surface of mother eiirl li. 
One good feature of this line is, it enables the working 
man to travel very cheaply. Weekly tickets are issue.l 
for a shilling (twenty four cents) tliat will take workmen 
to tlieir einnloynient in the morning and liaek liome auain 

travel but five 



of 



liouses, of its millions of inhabitants. You have also i - - r i 

lUgc warehouses, its nar- I that is sixty miles of railroad travil for twenty-lour eeni-s, 



uard of its immense docks, its 



^ 



^ 46 



II 



JTJ^EIsriXjE in^STZ^/TJOTOIS/. 



or two and a half miles for one cent ; many, however, go 
much further than this for the same money. 

It is probable we may shortly travel the Metropolitan 
Railroad once again. If so, and we notice anything 
worth mentioning, we will write to our little friends who 
read the JuvENiiiE Instkuctor and let them know all 
about it. G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Inntrucior. 



%\tm^dt% al Jlommita ^litin^. 



OECLOK.IDES.-nSrO. 3. 



As there are many rocks that have the appearance of 
chlorides that are not so, it will be well to know how 
to distinguish them from one another. Salt (Na. CI.) in 
mineralogy called "Halite," is soluble in tliree parts of 
water; it is rather brittle; its taste is purely saline; under 
the blow-pipe it gives an intense yellow flanic Some 
forms of gj'psum met with in the Territory are precisely 
like the rock salt in appearance, from which they may be 
distinguished by their insolubility. Another kind of salt, 
tasting very mucli Mke table siilt.Ms the cliloride of potas- 
sium (K CI.); should tliis be found in abundance it may 
be a source of wealth; it i.s found in volcanic regions, and 
in the neighborliood of other salt deposits. Water also 
dissolves this salt; with tlie blow-pipe it gives a violet 
color to the flame. The cliloride of ammonium (Am. CI.) 
described in the last article, may be dissolved in three 
times its weight of water, its taste is pungent and dis- 
agreeable; under the blow-pipe it is dissipated in fumes. 
A very ready way to detect it is by rubbing it up in a 
jmwder with freshly slacked lime, wlien ammoniacal 
vapors will arise. The chloride of silver (Ag. CI.) may be 
readily distinguished by placing a small fragment on a 
strip of the metal ziuc, and moisten it with a drop of 
water. It will swell up and turn black gradually, being 
entirely reduced to metallic silver, as may bo seen on 
pressing its surface with a knife. Tliis chloride is known 
as "lioru silver" when it is free from earthy matter or 
rock. In this statv it is flaky and flexible, easily cut with 
a knife, .sometimes of a greenish or blue color, and wa.xy 
lustre. With the blow-pipe on charcoal it is reduced in. 
stantly to a globule of silver. It is not soluble in nitric 
acid, and is entirely soluble in ammonia, when pure, tluit 
is, free from rocky matter. 

These are the only foims of chloride that are likely to 
be met with in this country; the chloride of mercury (llg. 
CI.) in which there are two eriuivaleuts of the metal. 
This is generally found as-sociated with "clnnai>ar," a 
sulphuretof mercury of a brilliant red color, but some- 
times reddish brown and earthy in appearance. This ore 
is the source of (juicksilver, or mercury, a metal of great 
use in the arts. 

Now all these things are of importance to understand, 
and it is gratifying to know that a taste for the aciiuisitlon 
of chemical knowledge is increa.ting, and, not only Is this 
kind of knowledge really valualde in relation to the 
chlorides as tliey exist in our chemicals, but as they exist 
in ourselves. Chloride of sodium we take into our sys- 
tem as a mineral substance, and it becomes part of our- 
selves by entering, into the composition of our l)l()od. 
(Jhlorine, a gas of the most sufTocating nature, that Is even 
dangerous to exiKrlment with unless great care Is useil; 
is, in union with .sodium, the energetic metal that burns 
in warm water with such fearful violence, our friend 



when combined as a chloride. Withdraw the salt from 
the ocean, or increase its i>roportion beyond certain limits, 
there will be no life there. It determines the life, and 
forms of life, and plants and animals there. Without salt 
we ourselves should cease to exist, hence the provision 
that has been made by our kind Father in the formation 
of the globe we dwell on; vast deposits exist everywhere 
over its surface to supply the requirements of animals. 

We have seen before, in the aiticle on "digestion," some 
of the uses of this chloride of sodium, if we will only re- 
member the nature of hydrochloric acid (H CI.), we may 
see how energetic its action would be likely to be in the 
blood. 

A great many interesting tales could be told about the 
practices of different nations in relation to salt. Quite a 
history could be written about it. It was used by the 
Hebrews to salt the sacrifices; by certain nations to show 
liospitality to strangers. The Hindoos are said to swear 
by their salt. Travelers tell us that in upper Egypt and 
Abyssinia rock salt is carried in the pocliets of disting- 
uished men, and handed to visitors as a mark of respect 
that they may lick the same, a mode of showing esteem 
that may not be agreeable to our taste. 

The chloride of potassium is also a constituent of the 
blood of animals, but in much smaller proportion, as we 
may remember; but, it is in land plants that potash plays 
the most important part as soda does in i)lants of the 
ocean. There is one form of chloride mentioned in the 
article on "leather," the chloride of aluminum, to which 
attention may be paid with advantage. Many valuable 
skins of animals are wasted for want of a ready mode of 
preserving them. Skins soaked in a saturated .solution of 
salt and water, and afterwards steeped in a solution of 
alum, form the insoluiile chloride of aluminum in the 
pores of the skin. Altogether we may consider that 
among the various conbinatlons of the non-metallic ele- 
ments with the metals, none are more important than tlie 
chlorides. Beth. 



m^is^ 



j^ nsr o 



L ID -v^ o ivc 
ID K/ E j^3vr. 



j^ 3sr ' s 



I am sitling to-night in the shadows, 

Tliiuking of days tiiat are gone. 
Till I'm back again tliro' the dim, old years, 

When the magic spe.ll was on. 

'Tis the bright, sunny hour of childhood, 

1 care uot lor work or book, 
For tlie glimpses I have of the future, 

Wear a dim aud luisly look. 

Now and thou T (!an catcli, thro' the gliutings, 

The smiles of the coming years. 
For the faucios which Hit before me 

Are never of sorrow or tears. 

And I think of my cliildhood's sunrise, 

With Its liny waves of gold, 
That will widen and deepen in brightness 

Ah my I'uee grows wrinlcled and old. 

I wonder if when I am wiser 

I shall cherish the days of yore? 
Shall I turn to their story with gladness, 

And dwiill on it o'er and o'er? 

Now, the dreams of the past are all vanisbod, 

And the HUtumn days are nigh. 
Still I watch for the glory and brightness 

Of my childhood's sunset sky. 



■i^S# 




G"TJ^E33sriLE I:N"STI^T70T0I^. 



4:7 



S T O I?. 3r O IF- 

a h: xj I?, o HI. 

{Gontiinicd.) 



T h: E 



KIETLAND continued to be President Young's home 
until near the close of 1837. He was constantly em- 
ployed in the duties of his calling either at home or 
abroad. His missions were frequent, and he was success- 
ful in his ministrations among the people. During the 
times of darkness and apostasy at Kirtlaud, his constant 
testimony was that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the 
Most High God, and had not transgressed or fallen as 
apostates declared. He stood close by Joseph at these 
times, and with all the wisdom and power God bestowed 
upon him, he put forth his utmost energies to sustain the 
prophet and unite the quorums of the Church. On these 
accounts he was hated by the apostates and all the ene- 
mies of God's kingdom, and they threatened to destroy 
him. So great was their fury against him that he was 
under the necessity of leaving Kirtland on the 22nd of 
December, 1S37. The Prophet Joseph also had to flee from 
Kirtland about the same time, because of the spirit of 
mobocracy which prevailed among the apostates. 

One incident connected with this journey we will re- 
late. Brother Brigham had reached the town of Dublin, 
Indiana, when the Prophet Joseph came along. After 
he had been there a short time he addressed Brother 
Brigham as follows: 

"Brother Brigham, I am destitute of means to pu'snemy 
journey, and as you are one of the Twelve Apostles who hold 
the keys of the kingdom in all the world, I believe I shall 
throw myself upon you, and look to you for counsel in this 
case." 

At first he could hardly believe the prophet was in ear- 
nest, but on his assuring him he was, he said: 

"If you will take my counsel, it will be that you rest your- 
self aud be assured, brother Joseph, you shall have plenty of 
money to pursue your journey." 

There was a brother named Tomlinson living in that 
place, who had previously asked his counsel about selling 
his tavern stand. He told him if ho would do right and 
obey counsel, he would have an opportunity to sell soon, 
and the first oflTer he would get would be the best. A few 
days afterwards brother Tomlinson informed him he had 
an offer for his place. He asked him what oU'er he had; 
he replied he was oltered $500 in money, a team, and $250 
in store goods. He told him that was the hand of the 
Lord, to deliver President Joseph Smith from his present 
necessity. His promise to Joseph was soon verified. 
Brother Tomlinson sold his property and gave the Prophet 
three hundred dollars which enabled him comfortably to 
proceed on his journey. 

In leaving KirtlaJid Brother Brigliam forsook property 
wliich was worth in those days, when money was of more 
value tlijin it is to-day, $5,000. This means he had accu- 
mulated by his own hands' labor, notwithstanding he was 
absent so much on missions. He was industrious, eco- 
nomical, and managed his atlairs well, and tne Lord pros- 
pered him. When he first reached Kirtland times were 
liard, employment was scarce, and pay was dillicult to ob- 
tain. Others whom ho knew, and who wont about the 
time he diil, would not stay in Kirtland, but went to the 
neighboring towns where they could get better pay. But 
ho would not. He had gathered to build up Ziou aud to 
devote himself to the work of the Lord, and he was re- 
solved to stay in Kirtlan<l. By taking this course he had 
made a handsome i)rop(^rty for those days, while they who 
liad gone elsewhere had not been pnjsiiered as ho luid 
been. He wsus fortunate in securing considerable land in 



Caldwell county, Missouri, where the Saints were then 
settled. But he was not permitted to enjoy the fruits of 
his labors. The spirit of mobocracy began to rage in Mis- 
souri. The authorities of the State set the example of 
persecution, and most of the officers from the Governor 
down were united with the mob to rob, drive and kill the 
Saints. Although there was so much opposition and per- 
secution carried on against them in Missouri, Brother 
Brigham has stated that he never knew one of the Saints 
to break a law while he was there; and if the records of 
Clay, Caldwell or Daviess counties had been searched, not 
one record of crime could have been found against any 
member of the Church; this was the case also in Jackson 
county so far as he knew. From this it will be seen how 
little excuse the mob and its leaders had for the commis- 
sion of the dreadful outrages they inflicted upon the 
Latter-day Saints. 

Brother Brigham. left Missouri with his family about 
the middle of February, 1839, and repaired to the State of 
Illinois. He was at this time the President of the Twelve 
Apostles; of the two who were his seniors in that body 
David W. Patten had been killed by the mob, and 
Thomas B. Marsh had apostatized. The Prophet 
Joseph, his Brother Hyrum and Sidney Rigdon being in 
prison in Missouri, great responsibility rested upon Brother 
Brigham in giving counsel to the Saints and in dictat- 
ing aflairs. He counseled the Twelve to place their fami- 
lies in Quincy for the time being; but he looked for the 
Saints to move northward, and advised them to purchase 
land on the opposite side of the river, from the site where 
Nauvoo was afterwards built. 

\_To be continued.'] 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 
K^ECOLXjEOTIOiTS. 

(Continued.) 



IN the fall of 1847, widow Smith and her brother Joseph 
Fielding, made a tri^j into Missouri, with two teams to 
purchase isrovisions for the family. Joseph, her son, ac- 
companying them as teamster; he was then nine years of 
age. The team he drove consisted of two yokes of oxen, 
one yoke being young and only partially broke, which 
with the fact that the roads were very bad with the fall 
rains, full of stumps at places, sometimes hilly, and that 
he drove to St. Joseph, Missouri, and back, a distance of 
about three hundred miles without meeting with one 
serious accident, proves that he must have been a very fair 
teamster for a boy at his age. 

At St. Joseph they purchased corn and other neces- 
saries getting their corn ground at Savannah on their re- 
turn journey. "Wheat flour" was a luxury beyond their 
reach, and one seldom enjoyed by many of the Latter-day 
Saints in those days. On their journey homeward they 
camped one evening at the edge of a small prairie or open 
flat surrounded by woods, where a large lierd of cattle on 
their way to market was being pastured for the night, and 
turned out their teams, as usual, to graze. In tlie morn- 
ing their best yoke of cattle was missing, at which they 
were greatly suri)rised, this being the first time their cat- 
tle had separated. Brother Fielding and Joseph at once 
started in search, over the prairie, through the tall wet 
grass, in the woods, far and near, till they were almost 
cThausted with fatigue and hunger, and saturated to the 
skin; but their search was vain. Josepli rcturiu'd first to 
the wagons towards mid-day, and found his mother en- 
gageil in prayer. Brother Fiebling arrived soon after, and 
they sat down to breakfast, which iiad long been waiting. 



■=^^^t( 






G" TJ "V E IsT I L E UsTSTI^/TJCTOIS/ 



m 






"Now," said widow Smith, "wliile yow are eating I 
will go down toward tlie river aud seo if I can find the 
cattle." 

Brother Fii'ldinjr rcniarkid, "I think it is listless for you 
to start out to hunt the eattle, I havi,' inquired of all the 
herdsmen, aud at every house for miles, and I believe 
tliey have been driven olT." Joseph was evidently of the 
same ojiiniou, still he had more faith in his mother find- 
ing them, if they eould be found, than he had either in 
his unele or himself; lie knew that she had been ]iraying 
to the Lord f r assistanee, and he felt almost sure tlial the 
Lord would hear her prayers. Doulitless he would have 
felt »iuite sure, had he not been so disheartened by the 
apparently thorough but fruitless seareh of the morning. 
He felt, however, to follow her exam])le; he prayed that 
his mother miglit he guided to the cattle, and exercised all 
tlie faith he eould muster, striving hard to feel eonlid nt 
that slie would be. As she was following the little stream, 
directly in the course she had taken on leaving the 
wagons, one of the drovers rode up on the opposite side, 
and said: "Madam, I saw your cattle this morning over 
in those woods;" pointing almost directly opposite to the 
course she was taking. She inud no attention to him, but 
passed right on. He repeated liis information; still she 
did not heed liim. He then rode off hurriedly, and in a 
few moments, with his comrades, began to gather up their 
eattle and start them on the road toward St. Joseph. She 
had not gone far wlien she came upon a small ravine 
filled with tall willows and brush; hut not tall enough to 
be seen above the high gra.ss of the prairie. In a dense 
cluster of these willows she found the oxen, so entangled 
in the brush, and fastened by means of withes, that it was 
with great ditliculty that she extricated them from their 
entanglement. This was evidently the work of these 
honesti?) drovers who so hurriedly disappeared — on seeing 
they could not turn her from her course— perhaps in 
search of estray honesty, which it is to be hoped they 
found. 

This circumstance made an indelible impression upon 
the mind of the lad Joseph. He had witnessed, many evi- 
dences of God's mercy in answer to prayer before; but none 
that seemed to strike him so forcibly as this Young as 
lie was he realised his motlier's anxifty to emigrate with 
her family to the valley in tlie spring, and their depen- 
dence ujwjn their teams to ]ierforin that jcjurney, which to 
him seemed a formidable, if not an inijjossible, undeitak- 
ing in their impoverished circumstances. It was this that 
made him so disheartened and sorrowful when he feared 
that the cattle would never be found. Besides, it seemed 
to him that he could not bear to see .such loss and disap- 
IHjintmeut come upon his mother, whose life, he had 
known from his earliest recollection, had been a life of 
toil and struggle, for the maintenance and welfare of her 
family. His joy, tlien'fore, as he looked through tears of 
gratitude to God for His kind mercy extended to the 
"widow and the fatherless" may be imagined, as he ran 
to meet his mother driving the oxen toward the wagons. 
( 'Jo Ijr roitlinurd.) 

A Sn.vicr iifrroKT.— .\ ISajiliHl ])Ustor in New Jersey 
recently received a note which read as follows: "Dear 
Doctor— You will greatly oblige one of your jiarishioners 
if at an early day you would preach on Pvcclesiaxtes iii, 
last clause of the third verse — 'A time to dance.' " I'pon 
the Sabbath following, the Doctor read the note and 
added, "When I shall have become fully satisfied that the 
important duty of <lan<-lng Is neglected in my congrega- 
tion, rest assured I will give all needed admonition r.n the 
subject." Which was certainly as witty as it was inge- 
nious. 



The number of languages spoken in the world amount 
to^bout .S,0li4. The inhabitants of the globe profess more 
than l,(KMl diflerent religions. The average of luiman life 
is about thirty-three years. Cue quarter die previous to 
the age of 7 years ; one-half before reacliing 17 ; and those 
who pass this age enjoy a fecility refused to one-half the 
human species. To every 1,000 poisons only one reaches 
100 years of life ; to every 100 only G reach the age of 05 ; 
aud not more than one in "lOO, lives to 80 years of age. 
Tlicrc are on earth 1,000,000,000 inhabitants; and of these 
.•>3,:533,3o3 die every year, 01,S'M every day, 3,730 every 
liour, aud 60 every minute, or oue every second. The 
losses are about balanced by an ecjual number of births. 
The married are longer lived than the single, and above 
all, those who preserve sober aud industrious conduct. 
Tall men live longer than short ones. Women have more 
chances for life in tlieir favor jirevious to being 00 years of 
age than men have, but fewer afterward. — Selected. 



^tUttth ^odi5|i. 



i?.ic3-h:t. 



Never be a coward 
In the cause of right ; 

Be a valiant soldier 
In the world's good light. 

In the light with meanness 
With the giaut Wroug, 

For God, for right, for justice, 
Battle hard aud long. 

Let the truth be dearer 
To your heart of heart, 

Than the richest prizes 
of the iiiiut or mart. 

Lot the right be stronger 
To control your hand, 

Thau all the gills of honor 
At the world's oouiuiaud. 

Let the call of justice 

And of sacrod truth, 
Merve your arm of valor. 

Fire your bei.rt of youth. 

In each day's endeavor. 
By the world unknown, 

Prove youiHoU'a hero, 
Qud will see alone. 

Ood, who loves well doing, 

And rewardotli all 
Who, with dauntless spirit, 

Answer to His call. 



Ih i)ul.li»hod in Halt Lake City, UUh Territory, 
EVKUY OTIIEK 8ATUK1JAY. 

CSORCE 0- CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sinflle 0>)>;i,pcT Annmn |2 50, 

itingle CV)/<y, /or Mix Months 1 50. 

tfW c;rnln hroiiL'Iit to llil« City for llii' .IivKsii.i'. TNHTiu'cTon will l;o 
received altUcoUlcf or ouri>«l>'-r—Dli8iiKKT ^■|'.w» Uni.ui.Nos. 



