n 




VOL. XV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1880. 



NO. r.. 



SAMSON SI^AYINa THE LION 




PROBABLY there is no scripture story that is read with 
more interest than that of Samson. There is a great 
moral lesson to be learned from the entire narrative. Here is 
a man gifted with Herculean strength, who, in accordance 
with the providences of God, is placed in a position to govern 
Israel. This great phj'sieal power was needed in those daj's 
in a leader, as personal strength had much to do in inspiring 
confidence in the people who were governed. It is not so 
to-day. Kings and 
rulers can do more 
to create confidence 
in men by being in 
possession of great 
wisdom, knowledge 
and understanding. 

History tells us of 
many men who were 
possessed of extra- 
ordinary strength; 
and even in our day 
there are men equal, 
if not superior, to 
tlie athlete who con- 
tended for prizes in 
the public arena, in 
ancient time.f. 

But we, as Latter- 
day Saints, have to 
view the history of 
this great man, Sam- 
son, in a somewhat 
diflferent light to what 
we would view that 
of any ordinary man. He was a man who had been especially 
raised up by God to do a great work in behalf of His covenant 
people. "We mayread the story in the Kith chapter of Judges. 
We find there that a man named Mario ili had a wife to whom 
an angel of the Lord appeared. 'J'bis angel told her .she 
should bear a so?i, who would deliver Israel (iiit of tlie hands 
of the Philistines. 

This is the secret of the great |)owei- of Samson: the power 
of God was to be made manifest in liini, the s-anie as it can be in 




any other man to whom God shall delegate that power. Now, 
there is one thing that is well worthy of notice: the angel of 
God told the woman who was to be the mother of the future 
savior of Israel — this man of great physical strength, named 
Samson — that she was to "drink no wine nor strong drink, 
neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a 
Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death." 
We may judge of the importance of this principle of sobri- 
ety in a mother by 
the reiteration of 
this important truth, 
for he afterwards 
said again, "Of all 
that I said unto the 
woman let her be- 
ware. She may not 
g eat of an3'thing that 
Cometh of the vine, 
neither let her drink 
wine or strong drink, 

?!a- • "°'" ^^^ ^^^ unclean 
thing: all that I com- 
manded her let her 
observe. ' ' 

Children, read this 
history, and see what 
the Lord's ^lealings 
used to be with Is- 
1 ,j rael in ancient times. ' 
'jWU Tlicn you may under- 
,^ .Aiy^ stand the cause of 
\;^>t, the great strength 
made manifest, as 
related by the ancient scribes (Judges xiv., d): "And, behold, 
a young lion roared against him. And the Spirit of the Lord 
came mightily u|ion him, and he rent him as he would have 
rent a kid, and he had nothing in his hand." 

The Lord is again making manifest His power in the midst 
of us, who have (akeri upon us the name of Saints, and 
entered into edvenani with Ilim. He has charged His Saints 
in the revelatidO called the "Word of Wisdom," to abstain 
from eating and drinking certain things whicii arc injurious 





■\J 



6S 



arTJ"^:E:in^iL:Ki in^rsTZ^.TJOTOiEe.. 



^ 



anil He has promised them a blessing if they will observe 
tills law, which is that they shall have health and wisdom, and 
also that the destroying angel shall pass them by and not slay 
them. The Lord is just as able and willing to fulfill this 
jironiise as He was that made to the mother of Samson, and 
if we deserve it we shall ccrtainlv obtain it. 



BOOK OF ]\rORMON SKKTCHE?. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 




(Continued.); 
''T^HE peoi)lc' of Anti-Xephi-Lchi took ])ossession of the 
-1- land of Jcrshon, and were called by the Ncphites the 
jieople of Amnion. When they were established in the land 
of Jershon, and an army stationed on their borders, to jirotect 
them, in accordance with the treaty stipulations, it was found 
that an army of Lamanitcs had followed tlicm into the wilder- 
ness. This army was met by the Xepliites, and such a battle 
fought as had not been known before, from the time Lchi left 
Jerusalem. Tens of thousands of Lamanites were killed an 1 
scattered. There was also a great slaughter among the 
Xephitcs, which caused universal moarning and lamentation. 

Alma, the historian, in jiart sums up the history of his 
people, during the first fifteen years of the reign of the judges, 
l)y saying that, during that period, many thousands of lives 
had been destroyed: that, while many of the bodies of those 
who were slain were buried, a great number were moldcrlu'.' 
in licajjs upon the surface of the earth; and that many thou- 
sands of pcojile were mourning for the loss of their kindred. 

Tlic sixteenth year of the reign of the judges passed in 
])cacc among the Nejjhites. Towards the close of the year 
74, B. C, there appeared among them a man named Korihor. 
lie denied tlie coming of Clirist, the atonement and the 
resurrection. His teachings generally tcndeil to weaken the 
sense of moral responsibility in man. Through them many 
were led away into all manner of wickedness. The law of the 
land was .such that no man could be punished fijr his belief, 
but only fir the crimes he might commit. Korihor commenced 
to preach liis evil doctrines in Jer.<hon, and the jicople 
took him bi'f ire Amnion, who wa.s hi^di jiriest, and he was 
.sent out of the land. lie went into the land of Gideon arnl 
preached, but with little success. He was taken before 
Giddonah, the high prie^t of the church, and the chief judge 
of the province. He accused tho.«c in authority of evil prac- 
tices, and reviled the principles of trnlh. Xo reply was made 
to him.4iiit he was bound and taken by the projier officers to 
/araliiinla, before Ahiia, the chief judge of the nation. 
There he repeated his vile slanders an<l accusations, and denied 
tlie existence of a (rod. He deinande<l of Alma a sign before 
lie Would liclievc in God. Persisting in his wickedness. .\lma 
a^-^urril him that if he denied again the existence of God he 
>lionM become dumb, and never more open his mouth. Still 
persi^lini.'. he was struck dumb, and afterwards went Croni 
house to house beggint' his bread. Those who had believed 
him were convinced of their error, ami returned again to the 
church. In coing about the country. Korihor got anioiifr a 
people calli'd Zoraniites, wlierc he wa.>> run upon, trod unilcr 
foot and killed. 

After the death of Korihor. the news reached Alma that 
the Zoniiiiitis Were licini; led into idolatry by /orani, their 
leader. This wickedness and division amonir his people made 
h m very sorrowl'ul. Thc.-c Zoraniites had gat! ercd into a 



land which they called Antionum. It was near the sea shore, 
east of Zarahemla and south of Jershon, and bordered on the 
south wilderness, which was occupied b3' the Lamanites. 
The Xephites were aiiprchcnsive that the Zoraniites would 
join their interests with the Lanianitcs, and Alma determined 
to make an effort to reclaim them by preaching. For this 
purpose he took seven others with him and went among them. 
They found the people neglecting the ordinances of the churcli, 
and also the ceremonies of the Mosaic law. They had built 
synagogues of a peculiar construction, and instituted a form 
of worship, in which pride and self-righteousness were the 
predominant elements. After preaching to the poor of the 
Zoramites, who had been cast out of the .synagogues by (he 
more wealthy. Alma and his brethren went into the land of 
Jershon. 

The rulers, priests and teachers of the Zoramites took 
ju'ivate measures to ascertain the minds of the people. They 
found many who believed the teachings of Alma. These they 
banished from the land, and they went over into Jer.shon. 
The iieojilo of Auimon received them, 'ministered to their 
wants and gave them lands. The Zoramites were angry with 
tiic inhabitants of Jershon for receiving those they had cast 
out, and they joined the Lamanites in preparing for war 
against the people of Animon and the Xejihites. This took 
]ihice at the close of the 3'ear 74, H. C. 

To make room for the armies of the Xephites, the people 
of Amnion vacated Jershon and moved into the land of Melek. 
A war now commenced between the Xephites on one side and 
the Zoramites and Lamanites on the other. Alnia, Amnion 
and the two sons of Alma returned to the land of Zarahemla. 
Alma was much grieved on account of the wickedness and 
cdiitcntions of his peojile. Aiiparently realizing that his 
cart illy career was drawing to a close, he called his sons 
together to receive his conn.-icls and instructions. From this 
time the Zoramites were considered Lamanites. 

Ill preparation for the coming conflict, the Xephites con- 
centrated their armies in the land of Jerslion, and the Laman- | 
ites, under their leader, Zarahemnah, collected in large num- 
bers in Antionum. There was a division of the Lamanites 
known as Amalekites, who wore more wicked and vindictive 
than the rest of the Lamaiiites. That no element of success 
might be wanting in his anticiiiated attack u])on the Xephites, 
Zarahemnah appoinleil his chief caiitains from among the 
Amalekites and the Zoraniites. 

While preparations were beiii',' made fur this war, the 
]irophet Alma called his sons together and gave them, one by 
one, much instruction and counsel. He commanded his son 
Helaman, to whom he entrusted the .sacred records, to not 
reveal to his iieojile. the Xcidiites, the .'secret oaths and cov- 
enants which wcri^ had among the Jareditcs, for wicked pur- 
poses, and stated that ihey should be preserved to come flirtli 
at the |iro)ier time, thai all who shoulil live on this land might 
learn of the secret works of darkness among the Jareditcs. 
He also spf)ke to Helaman about the bail or ciimjpass which 
giiidcil their fathers in their journey from .Icrnsalcm. I'ndi- 
ably this compass which the liord gave to Lchi is the first of 
wliii h history has fiirni>hed us an account. 

As usual in the terrible wars between the two great divisions 
of the descendants i f Leiii, the Lamanitcs were the aggressors. 
They were by licrilaL'c and tra lition the bitt"r encniics of the 
Ncphites. They seldom ncLdcclcd an upportnnily of niaiii- 
fesliiii.' that enmity. The Xeiiliiles ever seemed aiixions to 
avoid war, and, when forced to, simply fought in sclf'-deli'iise. 
This attack ajij cais to have been fntirely unprovoked on their 








63 




part. Tlie liistorian, Alma, states that the Lamanites were 
far superior in numbers to the Nephites. The Lamanites 
were a combination of Lamanites, Lemuelites, Ishmaehtes 
and all who dissented from the Neiihites. 



MISSIONARY WORK IN THE 
SOUTH. 



BY ELDER L. 1\ HELM. 




ACCORDING to promise, I now take pleasure in writing 
a few lines with regard to my labors in the Southern 
States. 

I consider I have been very successful since leaving home 
(Mill Creek, Salt Lake Co., Utah) on the ]-7th of June last. I 
have traveled in quite a number of Counties in Virginia, and 
for the past month have been traveling in Kentucky. The 
seven months I labored in Virginia in connection with Brothers 
Fife, Cowley and Benson, we baptized about fifty souls, who 
seem to be very strong in the faiLh and express a desire to 
gather to Zion, where they can mingle with and enjoy the 
great blessings promised to God's faithful Saints. I also had 
the very great pleasure of seeing a company of twent}' souls 
leave that State for Utah. 

I never forget to thank God for His great blessings bestowed 
upon His servants who are in the world battling for truth, 
honor and virtue, and for the establishment of His righteous 
purposes here upon the earth. 

I have spent the last month in Kentucky in company with 
Brother JIoDonald (who, by the way, is a splendid Elder). 
We visit around amongst the people and preach whenever 
we can get a place to hold meeting. 

There has been a great many lies and false reports circulated 
amongst the people here, consequently we have a great deal 
of prejudice to contend with. It seems to me sometimes that 
we could do as much good talking to stumps as we can to 
people where there is ignorance and prejudice combined; but I 
think there are some here that are honest, and will do all that 
is in their power to serve God when once they learn how. 
But it seems very hard to get them to understand the 
scriptures; but that is the fault of the ministers (and not the 
people) for when they get up to preach they mystify and 
spiritualize until the people become so confused they do not 
know which way to go or what to do; and when, in this 
dikmrna, they make an appeal to the minister, their answer 
is omy'^Bclieve," without even telling them what to believe. 
According to the Apostle James, belief alone is the doctrine of 
devils; for he says (James ii., 19) "Thou believest that there is 
one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble." 

Now the peo|ile who are converted by sectarian preachers 
believe something, but when the m;ijority of them are asked 
wliat they believe, they are at a loss to tell; and when we con- 
verse with them on religious subjects they get the scriptures 
jumliled up so that it is impossible to understand them. This 
is all caused by having those false teachers, who iiut their 
own private constructions ujion the doctrines contained in the 
Bible; whereas, if they would do like Peter diil on the day of 
pentecost there would be no trouble. 

Well, what did Peter do? Lst u^ examine tlio second 
chajiter of the Acts of tlie Apostles, and see. Wo lind that 
Peter in his discourse convincsd the Jews of the truth of the 
gosjiel, and that Jesus was the Christ. Then the p(!oplc asked 
the important question, as the i)eople do the ministers of to- 
day, "What shall we do?" 



Well, what did Peter say, then? Did he tell them they 
should only believe? 

0, no; but he told them to repent and be baptized in the 
name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and they should 
receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. 

"Why, Poter?" 

"Because the promise is to you and to your children and to 
all that are afar off; even as many as the Lord our God shall 
call." 

Now, we don't hear any one preaching that kind of 
doctrine to-day but the Latter-day Saints, consequently the 
others must be preaching false doctrine. Paul preached the 
same doctrine that Peter did, and he said if any man preached 
any other doctrine than that already preached let him be 
accursed. 

Unless you have been out in the world and amongst the 
various sects of warring, jarring Christianity, you can form but 
a faint idea of the dreadful state they are in. 

We often meet with ministers of the different denominations. 
Of course, they have a great many questions to ask us; and we in 
turn sometimes ask them questions, which are rarely answered. 
As a general thing they do not want to see us more than once. 

Being in conversation with a United Baptist the other day, 
I asked him what he worshiped; and, of course, he said 
"God." Then I asked what kind of a being God was, and he 
told me that He was a spirit. Others tell me that He is a 
being without body, parts or passions. So we must come to 
the conclusion that either they are wrong or the Bible is. Now, 
which shall we believe? I will take the Bible, which contains 
the word of God in preference to the conjured ideas of any 
man or set of men; for therein we can find proof positive that 
God the Eternal Father is a Being, of whom we are in the 
exact image or likeness, and whose body is composed of flesh 
and bones. In the very first chapter in the Bible and the 
26th verse we can read of God saying "Let us make man in 
our image, after our likeness." Now, who can read that 
passage of scripture and say with any degree of reason that 
God is a being without body or parts? We all know very well 
that men have a head, a body, arms and legs, a mouth to eat 
and talk with, eyes to see with, ears to hear with, etc. Now, 
if we are the exact image of God, He must have all these 
things, or the comparison would not be perftet. 

We also find from reading the ]?ible (Gen. xviii.) that 
the Lord appeared to Abraham in the plains of Mamre, and 
ate with and talked to him, and had His feet washed. (See 
Ex. xxxi., IS; xxxiii., 11-22 and also hundreds of places 
through the Bible). According to Jo.seph Smith, God has a 
body of flesh and bones, as tangible as man's. 

Jesus also has a body of flesh and bones, for He said to His 
Apostles after His resurrection, (Luke xxiv., .'19) "Behold my 
hands and my feet, that it is I myself handle me, and see; for 
a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have." There 
are also many other passages that I might quote upon the 
same subject, but this should be proof sufficient to convince 
any believer in the Bible that ( I od and the Son have fleshly 
bodies. 

From what I have written you i-;in furni smno idea of what 
is tauirht in the world. 

How thankful the Saints should be when they gather out 
of Babylon and gel among a people where they c:in have their 
children taught the imro word of (u)il as it flows from His 
servants who are inspired! 

May /ion increase in knowledge, virtue, honor, love and all 
good works, is my prayer. 





64 



>jtj^E3^il:b] in^sTi^TjaTOT^. 




OUR ADVANTACtES. 



BY E. r. cox. 




Do the youthful readers of the Instructor fully realize 
the blessings they enjoy, in having their lot cast among 
the pleasant homes and peaceful vales of Utah? Or, if so, do 
they appreciate the intervention of an allwise Providence in 
their behalf, while there are thousands of little children 
scattered through the world, who have not been so favored, 
and who, could they change positions with our children today, 
"Would thank tlie goodness and the grace. 

That smiled upon their birth; 
And placed them in these latter days. 
On this fair spot of earth." 

A great many instances may be cited to show our young 
readers the truth of this statement, but for want of .-pace, one 
at present must suffice. 

Doctor Lsiac Haynes, in a book called 'The Land of 
Desolation," makes some interesting statements respecting 
the inhabitants of the upper side of the Arctic circle. 

In l.St')9, he visited the home of Peter Jansen, which is 
nearer the north pole than any other white man's house on 
the earth. The family consisted of Peter Jansen, his wife, 
and three small children, whose names wore: Johana, JIaria, 
and Julius Christian; and until ])jctor Hayes visited them, 
those little ones had never seen a strange white man, and 
could .scarcely form an idea how a little white boy or girl 
would look. lie says that our tuore favored boys and girls 
would certainly laugh at the first •'ight of the Jansen children, 
for they have no idea how large children are in that far off 
country, when they are dressed, which is nearly all the year 
round. They present the appearance of living puff balls, 
bound up in seal skins, for their entire clothing is made up of 
the skins of animals. 

When the long giant of a night comes on (which is of 
.=e%'eral months' duration) the house is banked up with snow, 
the little windows are doubled, the stoves and lamps are kept 
burning all the time, and the little Jansens get tired of sleep- 
ing;, and crawl out from under the piles o*' eider down, hungry 
and wide awake. They cat and play until they are tired, then 
sleep again, ami wonder when the daylight will come. During 
the long winter night the children cannot go out of doors, 
because it is .so cold, a great deal colder than our thermometer 
can measure. An 1 could they go out, they would find only 
ice, snow and wind to play with, and neither sun nor moon to 
give them any light, which must, indeed, bo dismal. 

At that time Peter Jansen governed sixty-two savages, for 
whi'h servicii Denmark paid him a ycirly .salary of twenty- 
five dollars. < i.>vernor Jansen is a hunter, and hunts bears, 
fi.xes, reindeer-i and .«eal-i, an<l with the aid of his .-■avages, 
gather about five thousand dollars worth of skins and furs; 
(rovernor Jan<en'» share being two hundred and fifty dollars — 
not a very briirht prospect f>r the little Jansens leaving iheir 
dreary home. 

This in-itancc of the dreary existence of this little family, is 
stronely contrasted with the comfortable surroundings and 
happy honie-i of the youth of Deseret. Some other time I 
may cite oth<!r instances of isolation, and cases of youthful 
.suffering, an 1 more reasons for thankfulness and con- 
gratulation that we are surrounded with such favorable 
circumstancoj. and b;isking in the divine favor of our 
Heavenly Father, with peace and plenty in our n)idst; whilst 
the demon of war darkens the eastern horizon, and famine 
and pestilence stalk through the nations. I>carn to be 



thankful, dear children, that your home is not in the dreary 
regions of the Arctic circle. Be thankful also that it is not in 
the midst of famine and pestilence; neither where war is 
spreading death and desolation around. But above all be 
thankful that you arc in the place where your Heavenly 
Father desires you to be, that you have the privilege of 
helping to build up His kingdom, and bring about His pur- 
poses upon the earth. And should you feel ready to complain 
of your lot, just contrast the misery existing in the world, 
with the blessings you enjoy in your own happy homes, and 
you will have sufficient cause to be thankful. No people are 
so highly favored as th3 Saints. 



^;Orre*>|ioiii!eiicc. 



EUh 



r.viNTsviLLE, Johnson Co., Kentucky, 

February 2:>d, 1880. 
G'ori/r C. Ijfimbirt, 

Dear Brother:— I tsike pleasure in writing 
you a few lines, to inform you of our welfare. We are all 
enjoying good health, and are doing our best to sprend the 
principles of the everlasting gospel. 

President Morgan has paid us a visit, which was very much 
appreciate'! by us, as well as by the Saints, and I think his visit 
will result in mucli good. He left us on the Kith of January, 
and President McDonald accompanied him as far as Piketon, 
where they met Brothers Helm and Fife. They held some 
meetings there, after which President McDonald returned, 
iiccom|mnied by Brother Helm. 

The day after they left, Brother ButterfuOd and I stinted for 
Marion Co., Kentucky. We went as far as Logan Co., West Vir- 
ginia, where we have labored for five weeks past, with good 
prospects for the future. We have held fifteen mei-tings during 
that time, which were well attended. Many friends have been 
raised up for us, which we feel very thankful to the Lord for. 

Some of the Saints are making preparations to gather with the 
first eompany, which will leave about the '20th of JIarch. The 
Saints here feel well as a genera! thing, and have the spirit of 
gathering. 

A man by the name of Barnes, has been in Painlsville for 
nearly three weeks, holding n series of meetings. He formerly 
belonged to the Presbyterian church, but has left it. He 
says he belongs to no church, and CHllshimsi'lf a free communion 
l)rencher. He ))rofesses to have direct revelation, and tells the 
people that the Lord will never call them to account for sin. He 
snys he never puts on his coat, shoes or anything, unless the 
Lord tells him to. Nearly five hundred persons have joined him 
since he has been in this place. After they would profess 
religion, he would iiermitthem to join any church. There were 
jrcthodists, Baptists and Campbdlites all in the water, being 
baptized together. Kight thou-nnd hiivu been converted bj' him 
during the lust three years. Our KIders have done a great deal 
of j>reaching here, but their testimonies have been rejected, 
which brings to my mind the saying of St. Paul to the Thessa- 
lonians (II Thess.. ii., ll-VJ): "And for this ■. luiso God shall send 
them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: that they 
hU might bo damned who believed not the truth, but had 
pleasure in unrighteousness." 

If we were of the world, the world would love us; but we are 
not of the world, and that is the reason we ara mocked, ridiculerl 
and persecuted, while the world loves its own. 

I have just received a letter from President JIcDonald, 
requesting us to meet him at Louisa, Lawrence Co., rm the 'Miih 
inst.; ho thinks there may bo some good d<me there. 

Ever praying fur your wcllXre, and that of all the faithful 
Saints, 1 remain your brother in the gospel of Christ, 

GoKDoN S. Bills. 




^^ 



CTTJ'^EnNriLS IIN-STIE^TJGTOI^. 



65 




i J3 Q r a |i h y . 







[ConfiinieJ.) 

^T rE can imagine how Joseph would have enjoyed himself 
*» had he ever reached these mountains. How he would 
have rejoiced in the freedom he would have had here! From 
his youth he was a persecuted and hunted man; he scarcely 
ever saw a day's peace. Mobs and wicked men were continually 
forming plans to destroy him. But could he have reached 
here, he would have enjoyed liberty without being molested. 
He knew this, and it was his desire to come here, and to have 
the people established here; for he knew and predicted that 
the Saints would become a mighty people in the Rocky ]Moun- 
tains. But all his plans and hopes were overturned by the 
persuasions and remonstrances of cowardly, selfish persons, 
who ought to have been his friends, and who, instead of 
entreating hiui to go back, should have helped him to carry 
out that which God revealed to him. When men whom God 
has chosen to act in authority are led to give certain counsel, 
or to take a certain course, the person who seeks to change 
that counsel, or to divert them from that course, incurs a 
fearful responsibility. Yet it is frequently done. There are 
many people who are not willing to have 'the man who has 
the authority dictate what shall be done; they can not trust 
him; they have some better plan to suggest. In this way 
counsel is darkened, the Spirit of God is grieved and trouble 
follows. We have noticed, from the days of which we write 
until the present, that whenever men were reluctant to adopt 
the plans and counsel of those in authority, and urged their 
own in the stead, that God's blessing did not rest upon them. 
When a man has the right to counsel and to decide what 
shall be done, and his mind is clear on the point, there should 
be no division on the subject, and men who do not have the 
authority should never presume to suggest other plans, as 
superior to that of the man who presides. 

The instructions of Joseph's wife, Emma, to the men 
whom she requested to cross the river, and entreat him to 
return to Nauvoo, were well carried out. She had sent the 
same message by Brother (). P. Rockwell; but he knew his 
duty too well to attempt to use any influence of that kind 
with Joseph. Not so with the others, they felt as Emma did 
about Joseph's return, and were earnest advocates of her 
suggestion. W^hen it was decided to return, Joseph and 
Hyrum wrote a letter to Governor Ford. In this Joseph 
stated that his only objection to a trial at Carthage was on 
account of assassins and the fear of deathly con.sequenoes 
from their hands. But now he and Hyrum offered to go out 
to Carthage as early as it would be convenient for him to send 
a jjo.s'.sfi to escort them to head-quarters; provided tliey could 
have a fair trial, not be abused, and have all things done in 
due form of law and without partiality. They told him when 
and where they would meet the jhis-xc, if the letter should be 
satisfactory. He also wrote other letters, cm to an attorney 
and one to a witness whom he wi.ihed to meet at Carthago. 

He then, accompanied by Hyrum, Dr. Richards, (). P. 
Rockwell, and others, started back with the; intention of 
crossing the river to Nauvoo. As they walked towards the 



river he fell behind with 0. P. Rockwell. The others shouted 
to him to come on. Joseph replied: 

"It is of no U5e to hurry, for wo are going back to be slaugh- 
tered." 

This thought was evidently uppermost in his mind. He 
continually expressed the wish to get the peonle together 
that night to talk to them once more. O. Porter Rockwell 
said, if that was his wish he would collect the people, and he 
could talk to them by starlight. But when they arrived at 
his mansion, and his family surrounded him, he tarried there 
all night and gave up the idea of preaching to the Saints by 
starlight. 

Colonel Theodore Turley and Elder Jedediah M. Grant 
were the bearers of his letter to Governor Ford, at Carthage. 
Upon reading it, t'ne eovernor agree i to send a posse to escort 
Joseph in safety to Carthage. Bat, immediately afterwards, 
a lawyer by the name of Skinner came in and made a very 
bitter speech to the governor about Joseph; he was joined in 
this by Wilson Law, the apostate, and Joseph H. Jackson, 
a man who had been guilty of almost every crime. They 
told him naught but lies. This conduct ciused Elder Grant 
to ask if messengers to him were to be insulted in that manner. 
The poor, pitiful creature of a governor was so easily influ- 
enced by what these enemies said to him, that he treated the 
brethren coldly, and took back the promise he had made 
about sending an escort to accompany Joseph. It was an 
honor, he said, not given to any other citizen. Neither would 
he suffer the brethren to stay in Carthage through the night; 
but ordered them to start for Nauvoo at 10 o'clock, and carry 
orders to Joseph to be at Carthage by 10 o'clock the next 
morning without an escort. He threatened that if Joseph 
did not give himself up at that time, Nauvoo would be 
destroyed, and all the men, women and children that were in 
it. The horses of the brethren were so tn-ed that they did 
not reach Nauvoo until 4 o'clock on the morning of the 24th. 
They reported to Joseph the excitement which prevailed in 
Caithage; but he had promised to go there, and he was 
determined to go and give himself up to the governor. No 
warning of the trouble likely to occur at Carthage had any 
effect upon him then; he had made up his mind. 

On the morning of the 24th, Joseph, accompanied by the 
eighteen brethren, whf^m Francis M. Higbee, under oath, 
had accused of a riot in destroying the Nauvoo Expositor 
press, and several other brethren, started for Carthage. 
When they got to the Temple, Joseph paused and looked 
with admiration upon that building, and then upon the city, 
and remarked: 

"This is the loveliest place and the best people under the 
heavens; little do they know the trials that await them." 

As he pa,ssed out of the city, he called on Brother Daniel 
H. Wells, who was unwell, and who was not at that time 
in the Cburch; and on parting he said: 

"Squire Wells, I wish you to cherish my uuMiiory, ami not 
think me the worst man in the world either." 

Four miles from Carthage they met a company of about 
sixty mounted militia, under the command of a Captain 
])unn. On seeing them Joseph said to the brethren: 

"Do not bo alarmed, brethren, for they oiiiiiot do inoro to 
ymi tinui tlie enemies of tho truth did to the iiiirieiit Saints — 
they can only kill the body." 

( To lif Ciinliiiiinl. ) 



He who spits against the wind spits in his own face. 





a"TJ^En^II_,E] Il^STI^TJGTOSL.. 



^fif ||uuem!f |(nstructot;; 



GBORGE Q. CANNON, - EDITOK. 



SALT LAKE CITY, 3IAKCH 15, 1880. 





EDITOI^I^L THIOTJOHITS. 

ONESTY is tlie best policy." Thi,- is ;, 
very old and true maxim, ami one that is 
often riiioted. But is there no hi.srhcr and 
letter reason why people should be honest 
than because policy suggests that they should 
be so — than because it pays to be lionest? 
We think so. A person should be honest 
from iirinciplc — because it is rujht to be 
honest. If a person is honest merely bc- 
eau.-ie there is a prospect of his losing some- 
thing by dishonesty, he is very likely to change 
his tactics when the prospect changes. If a 
person observes the law and does right from 
fear of i)unishment only, he is liable to do 
wrong when the penalty of wrongdoing is not 
before his eyes. Persons who are governed by 
jHilicy only are vcr}- much like the Indian who en- 
couraged his squaw in stealing, and enjoyed the 
fruits of her thefV until she was caught, and then became so 
shocked that he whipiicd lier .-ioundly for it — for being caught 
at it, not for tiie stealing. 

Policy may say as the uuprinciiiled money-king did, when 
questioned as to the quickest and surest way of gaining honor 
and power: ''(jet money, honestly if you can; if not honestly, 

I'olicy may say: "Borrow of your friends, get all you can on 
credit; invest the means in .something that will yield a profit; 
let your creditors wait for their jiay till you have made your 
capital double or treble itself, and you will thcTi have a start in 
the world. You may make enemies of your few creditors, 
but the world generally will accredit you with .shrewd business 
tact." 

Policy may say: "Get credit abroad, on the endorsement 
of friends, or any way, so you get if. Go into business 
extensively. Make a great display. Gain the good will of 
all your acquaintances by great liberality. Uun as long as 
your creditors wil! remain easy; and when they pet too anxious, 
consign your jiroperty for safe keepinj: to confidential friends 
on bogus deeds or bills of sale, lake the benelii of the bank- 
rupt act, and jiay five cents on the dollar. Your creditors 
being at a di-tance, your acquaintances are not likely to hear 
much from them, but will .set you down as being a good, 
liberal fellow, but a little unfortunate. You cm begin immedi- 
ately to manipulate the means consigned to your trust}' friends 
— in their names, of course. You can live as well as ever; 
your bankruptcy will .soon be forgotten, and you will be 
regardeil as a marvel of energy and enterprise." 

Policy may say: ".Start a manufacturing business. Employ 
workmen, when work \» scarce and laborers abundant, at 
starvation prices. Pay them ten per cent of their earnings, 
or as little as they will work for. Never mind if they cannot 
live. They've no bu-inn.ss to be poor 1 Ijook out for as large a 
profit as possible for yourself, even if their families should 
starve. When you get to be wealthy the world will call you 
rcat Bnancier. " 



Policy may say: "Organize a joint stock company to carry 
on some enterprise. Get all the poor and simple-minded 
people you can to take stock in it. (jet the management of 
the business. Run it in such a manner that it will not pay 
expenses. Circulate rumors of failure. Call for frequent 
assessments; and when the poor stockholders get excited, buy 
their shares at ten cents on the dollar, get sole control of the 
business and make a fortune at it." 

But i>rinciple would say to all these suggestions of policy, 
that it would be wrong, morally wrong, to be guilty of any of 
these things; and if a man cannot get rich without such dis- 
honorable practices, he had better remain orever poor. 

We believe that "honesty is the best policy." We believe 
that honesty will pay. But suppose it wouldn't pay; would 
that fact justify us in acting dishonestly'? Not by any means. 
We may rest assured that we will be rewarded for every good 
act that we perform. We may not get a financial reward. 
We should not expect it. In fact, we should not be prompted 
by selfish motives at all. We should do good, we should be 
honest, from principle, and not with the hope of being 
rewarded for it. At the same time, we have a great reward, 
in the approval of a good conscience, in the character for 
fidelity and ujirightness that we acquire among our fellows, 
and in the sanction and blessing of our Father in Heaven. 

The Savior taught that men should be governed by prin- 
ciple. He said, "Whatsoever ye would that men should do 
to you, do ye even so to them." This is a safe rule for our 
guidance. However much we may feel tempted to foreake 
principle in dealing with others, we do not like others to act 
dishonestly with us. 

We need not feel envious of the worldly honor and power 
that wealth, acquired by dishonest means, will bring to a man. 
They will not last long. He cannot take his wealth with him 
when he leaves this life; and the (jreat Judge of all men will 
place a very different estimate upon the man to what many of 
us mortals do. 




],^\ HI! since the Deseret Sunday School I'nion has been 
J organized, its officers have cheri.shed the idea of publish- 
ing a series of readers for use in the Sunday schools of the 
Saints, made up of articles by home authors, and containing 
sentiments in strict conformity with the religious belief of the 
people. .Mail}' text books have been used in the Sunday 
M-hiMils ill the ]iast that contain erroneous sentiments, and are 
not iit all suitable for Latter-day Saint children to be taught 
from. Willi a\ie\vto supplant these, a commencement wa.s 
made one yi'ar ago to carry out the long-cherished design. A 
little reader, the "I'^irst Book for our Little Friends," was 
published. The iirice was placed very low, lower a great than 
imiiorted readers of a similar size were sold at, and the result 
was, the ."i.OOO copies issued were all sold in six months. 
A second edition has since been published, with some improve- 
ment in the binding, and now we have under way a Second 
J{eader, which, when issued, will enable the Sunday schools 
to disiiensc entirely with the use of imported readers. Wo 
hope to have this Second Reader ready for sale about the latter 
part of .\pril. 

In addition the De.seret Sunclay School Union publications 
licing clicaiier and better suited for (uir children than those 
published elsewhere, there is another fact that ought to recom- 
mend tluMii: they are honu'-made. The whole of the work 
ii]ion them, ineludini; printing, binding, etc., from the setting 
of the type to the selling of the books to t'le customers, is done 
at the .IfVK.Nii-E iN.sTiiutTOK Office. 




/ 




^TJ^EISrilLE IIsrSTI?.TJCTOE. 




ENTERTAINING GRANDMx\. 




THE little domestic scene representeJ. in our ]iieture, is 
suggestive of pleasant thoughts. It illustrates the atten- 
tion and consideration that is due to the aged, from those who 
are in the hey-daj' of j'outh and vigor. It too often happens, 
that Tvith age comes a sense of dependence and neglect, that 
is very galling to persons of sensitive feelings. Many old 
people work 
harder than 
they r e a 1 h 
ought to, he 
cause of theu 
dread of bein^ 
dependent uji 
on relatives oi 
friends, or be 
ing consideied 
as burdensome 
or in the wa^ 
Many well 
disposed per- 
sons, too, in thib 
bustling, bu«y 
age, scarceh 
ever stop to 
think of the 
tact that their 
aged relatives 
and f r ie n d s 
may be suffei 
ing from this 
cause. Itne^ei 
occurs to them 
that the path 
wayof these old 
people might 
be made muth 
brighter by a 
little more at 
tentionontheu 
]iart, and the 
bestowal o t 
those little 
amenities ot 
life which cost 
nothing. B\ 
degrees, an<l 
without kijo« 
ing it, they aie 
apt to get into 
the habit ot 
regarding 
"grandma" is 
a householil 
fixture, useful 

only for nursing the baby, knitting, oi aniusing the childicii 
with quaint old stories. And "grandma" tun frei|ucntly 
realizes for what she is valued. 

Here we have a spirited old lady, one of the "old scho<il," 
whose youth was spent in a country and in an age in which 
spinning was one of the accomplishnieiits taught young ladies. 
She has arrived at a time when she feeKs keenly the infirmities 
of ago. She is not able to do niucli, and yet slic feels that 




she must do something to help pay for her support. So early 
and late, when her health will permit, she busies herself at 
her spinning wheel, and feels thankful that she is not entirely 
dependent on charity. 

But her amiable and thoughtful grand-daughter frequently 
comes into grandma's cottage and begs of her not to work so 
hard, and, to cheer the old lady, she sometimes brings an 
entertaining book and re.^ds to her. Her fond embrace and 

loving kiss, 
too, drive all 
the sadness 
from grand- 
ma's heart, 
and she feels 
that she has 
something to 
live for. She 
feels happy in 
possessing the 
love of such a 
good, unselfish 
girl. She 
knows these 
kind actions 
are not at all 
prompted by a 
desire for gain, 
with the hope 
of receiving a 
rich legacy at 
her death, for 
she has no 
worldly goods 
to bequeath. 
She therefore 
attributes 
them to their 
true source, a 
Living, kind 
and thoughtful 
disposition; a 
disposition to 
do good, to 
confer haiqii- 
ness in a (juict 
unobtrusive 
wa.v. She sees 
reflected iu the 
young girl's 
character all 
the attributes 
that goto make 
up the model 
wniiiaii, t li e 
ideal woman of 
llie old school. 

llie lie ■essai.v god liicss 111 lu.iit is .shown in licr attention 
to, and consideratiiiii llir licr ;igril relative. Her neatness, 
mmle.sty and lack of vanity, are manifest in the plain sim- 
plicity of her apparel, contrasting strongly with the butterflies 
of fashion that so abound in this extravagant age. Her 
industry Is shown in her willingness t(i screen the old lady fmiii 
labor, and her readiness to dci it all herself She is intel- 
lectual, and has good Juiigineiit, as is shown by 



bv her choice of 




m^' 




68 



TXJ^Ein^iLB] insrsTT^TJOTOi?.. 




books, and her manner of entertaining "granilma." Her 
ability tu relieve, by her presence, tlie aged, care-worn heart 
from all sorrow, and to bring peace and joy into the cottage, is 
proof of her charming, cheerful temperament. 

Happy is the man who gets such a treasure of a girl for a 
wife ! He may count with certainty on her being a help-meet 
indeed, as the Almighty designed that woman should be to 
man. No danger of her ruining him by her extravagance! 
Xo danger of her insisting upon putting on more style, and 
fitting up more extravagantly to commence housekeeping, 
than lier jmrents can afford to, after being married thirty 
years! No danger of her feigning delicacy, scorning to do 
househeld work, and trying to "play the lady," by s]iending 
her time in li.stlcss idleness, while servants wait upon her! No 
danger of her neglecting home duties, and asinring to positions 
which nature never qualified her to fill ! No dansrer of her 
entering the giddy whirlpool of fashion, and wrecking her own 
and her family's health, hajipiness and financial prospects, by 
attempting to meet its fickle demands, and keep np a false 
display ! No danger of her considering her offspring as a 
trouldesome encumbrauce, that should be extremely limited in 
number! Indeed, there is every prospect of her becomimr a 
sensible, loving, considerate wife and mother: and wo wi.sh the 
same could he said, trntlifully, of all the girls growing up in 
our communitv. 



T TT i: T H R E E E K A S . 



BT nANN.Vtl T. KIN'n 



[ConchuJr.j: 




rPllKllK ha\e been in all ages, women who have been an 
lionor to their sex, and to human nature; and I can but 
think that, were men more what they ought to be, women 
would rise higher in a moral and intellectual scale. Would they 
but treat her as a rational, resjionsible creature, with honesty 
and canilor, not with flatteries wliich their judiimcnt enn- 
denins, or with idle, unmeaning compliments, which a sensible 
■woman looks iipon as ridiculous, T again repeat that I 
believe it is in the power of man to exalt the fcma'e character, 
even in these boasted enliirhtened days, to a far higher 
stamlard than at present. Womc. naturally feel a desire to 
attain what men admire; therefore, the liighcr fhey raise the 
standard, the higlier and more exaltcil wili he her character. 
Tt is certain a man h.as it in his power to make a woman, who 
is atfachecl to him, almost anythiuL' he wishes; he can mouM 
lier to his will, often to lier own injury. It is her very nature 
to sock for supjiort, for consolation, for assistance and 
direction; to look up to some one, whom .her vivid fancy ;.nil 
warm afl'ections jiaint as a superior being. One who woidd 
encourage her by a kind word or look of approval, when she 
acted riirht; <ir sil(!ntly and tenderly jioint out the faults that 
most eiisily beset her; raise her mind from the frivolity by 
^vhich she is .so often surrounded, and fix it on objects of 
hi'-duT import; encourage her by his own bright examjile, and 
guide her bv his own wise counsel. Woulil he then have to 
(•omplain of her frivolity, her wcakne.ss and incapacity? 
Surely not. AVould she not rather be the co-mate and com- 
panion spirit of his earthly pilgrimage; the friend who would 
cheer liini in cli.sastcr, rou>e him in danger, rejoice in success; 
in distress, his comfort; in jimsperity, his better fortune; in 
trinni|ili, his fairest lann-l? Mm lias been constituted by 



unerring wisdom, the head; but let him not boast the title, 
but rather in deep humility, ponder the miglity responsibility 
of such a position. Let him be sure his own lamp is trimmed 
and burning, so that those who are called the "weaker 
vessels" of the household, may see the way and walk therein. 
Woman was made a "help-meet" for him, and she will be 
found well worthj^ his cherishing, his honftring, and his love! 
The more grand and great the character of man is, the more 
she will acknowledge him her lord! For she has keen per- 
ceptions, and her intuition borders on revelation. 

There is another character in which woman has a jiowerful 
claim on you — your mother. Oh ! let her never be displaced 
from your heart of hearts ! Her love is so pure, so perfectly 
disinterested, so different to any other, that j'ou need not be 
afraid that it will interfere with any other love, or divide your 
heart. Your happiness is too jirecious to her, to allow her to 
endanger it in the slightest degree; indeed, your hajipiness 
must also be hers. V-aw you say and feel as much for her? 
Happy are .you if you c^n. For years she was your nurse, 
your watchful attendant by day and by night; often she has 
bent over you when sleejiing, and dedicated you to God, a.sked 
Him to bless you, to hold you in the hollow of His hand, and 



deliver vou -from evil No friend can ever be like 



and 



death alone has the power to separate you; and will she not 
rise from death your guardian angel? For are .you not bone of 
her bone, and flesh of her fle.sh? And does all this love and 
affection claim no return? Or rather, does it not claim the 
devotion of a life ? I fear we all come short here, even wdicu 
we try to do our best. But if the heart is right, the actions 
will largely correspond, and our i>arents, in their overflowing 
kindness, will accept the will for the imperfect deed. 

I have one more vein of the female character to present to 
you — your sisters. As a brother, you have important duties 
to perform; in that sweet relation, the best attributes of your 
nature may be called forth; you can be the friend, the sup- 
porter, the kind adviser who shall direct her steps. 

"Briglit seraphs pausing on tlie wing, 

"Jliglit gaze on and approve, 
"That l)oauteous and precious thing — 

"An elder sister's love." 

Where children arc brought uj) in unity and love, whom do 
tlie sisters look upon as a superior being, as one? who they 
know is their friend, their tried and ready friend; one whom 
tlicy look up to with pride, with love, with the best and purest 
feelings of earthly devotion; one in wliose weal or woe their 
pulse will ever beat in unison? It is their brother. Alas! 
these feelings are not .so often reciprocal as they ought to be; 
liut let it be your study to excite and nurture such holy, such 
kindly, such congenial sentiments; they conduce in a very 
hiudi degree to the well-being of society and domestic happi- 
ness, and suffer no one to erase them from your heart. 

The inspired Psalmist exclaims with holy ra]iture, "Behold 
liow good and joyful a thing it is, for brethren to dwell 
together in unity!" When consanguinity, love and friend- 
ship biml a family together, how goodly a sight it is! And 
woo to those who wmild cu; or even loosen the threefold cord ! 
It is in such relations that the best feelings of human nature 
shi:e pre-eminently, and give \is a faint idea of that union of 
spirit, that wedding of the mind, which we love to portray, 
a.s the material of that "visihnal happiness," which is the 
l)ortion of the blessed in heaven. ( )h ! my chiMren, be ever 
kimdy affcctioued one to another; have one heart, one niind, 
one soul; and if sucli holy feelings cement you here, however 
you may separate on earth, think of the glorimis rc-uuion wo 



/4 



%'f^. 




J-TJ^IBITILE IZsrSTI^TJCTOI^. 



69 




shall all have in the mansions of eternal love and everlasting 
bliss ! 

And now I must close these papers that I have had such 
pleasure in writing. May the blessing of the Lord our God 
be upon you, may He pour upon you continually the health- 
ful spirit of His grace; and may the union which exists 
between ns here, be extended to a brighter and a far' better 
existence, is the prayer of your mother. 



A PRESIDEXTIAL LEVEE. 



BY BEFF. 



^\ 



IT was announced in the papers, that the last piesidential 
reception would take place on Safurday evening, Feb- 
ruary 7(h, 1S80, and I resolved to go. I had been in 
Washineton'"t»€arly three weeks, without an owportunity of 
seeing His Excellency, and this was an occasion not to be 
missed. It was one in which the fh'te of the city, as well as 
sojourning visitors and itrangers, would throng the White 
House; and it would, Wo doubt, present many interesting 
features, aside from the honor of an introduction to President 
and jNIrs. Hayes. 

The reception was to last from eight till ten o'clock, and it 
was but a few minutes past the first hour when I approached 
the executive mansion, but, to ray surpri^-e, the entrance and 
portico in front of it, were densely thronged. 

I was .soon in the midst of the crowd that was surging 
through the hall, and was borne in by the human tide, through 
two or three succeeding apartments towards the Blue Room, 
in which the ceremony of receiving was taking place. I had 
come prepared to see a great number of people, but such a 
jam as I now found myself in. was entirely unexpected. On 
pas.sing through the hall, we entered an apartment surrounded 
on three sides by shelves, divided into square compartments, 
each of the latter being numbered. Here the gentlemen 
doffed their hats and overcoats, which were placed, by servants 
in attendance, in the square compartments, and a numbered 
check given to the owner, by which to claim them when the 
affair .--houlJ be over. Into this room the crowd surged, and 
it was laughable to see gentlemen, young, old, fat, lean, 
dignified, and otherwise, wriggling and squirming in the 
effort to divest them.selves of their overcoats, in the midst of 
a crowd st dense that at times one's feet seemed scarcely to 
touch the floor. 

I managed to get out of my overcoat, and, q\iickly reaching 
it and my hat to a servant, received a check therefor, and was 
borne onward towards the Blue Room. 

At the door of the latter stood a gentleman in white kid 
gloves and swallow-tail coat, who checked the throng some- 
what, so as not to allow them to enter faster than they could 
be introduced. Parsing into the Blue Pioom, there stood, 
close upon your right, a young man, and next to him stood 
President Hayes. You gave your name to the young man, 
Webb Hayes, who then introduced yim to his father, the 
President, who then shook hands with you. A step further 
on, and you gave your name again to Col. Casey, at whose 
right stood Mr.s. Hayes. lie then introduced you to her, and 
she shook hands with you, after which you passed on across the 
apartment and into the Kast Bonni, a very large and magnifi- 
cently furnished jiarlor. 

This ordeal througli with, and you had "seen tlic elephant," 
though your lime for taking ob.servations was limited to a 



few seconds. You had no time to discuss politics or religion 
with His Excellency, nor even to comment on the state of the 
weather. The eager throng behind you admonished you to 
"move on" and give some one else a turn. 

The east apartment is so large, that, for a time, there was room 
in which to move around quite freely, and elegantly dressed 
ladies made the most of the opportunity bv spreading out the 
long trains of their more or less magnificent costumes, and 
promenading gracefully up and down. As the reception was 
for the general public, various classes were, of course, rep- 
resented. Most of the gentlemen wore ordinary suits, and 
many of the ladies were dressed no more elborately than those 
of a Sabbath congregation in a fashionable church would be; 
but some of the ladies wore the most magnificent and expen- 
sive costumes, costing, in some instances, jewels included, 
several thousand dollars. The thought may have been 
uneallant and even illbred, but I could not hebi being reminded, 
as these ladies paced the carpet dragging their long trains o' 
rich goods, of a barnyard full of peacocks with tails wide- 
spread, strutting about to catch glances of admiration tha* 
might be bestowed. 

I had expected to witness elegant and dignified manners 
and methods in the company, but my experience in the coat 
room had partly prepared me for more commonplace conduct. 
But a scene awaited me which I certainly would not have 
dreamed of witnes-ing at a presidential levee at the White 
House. At nine o'clock the crowd came pouring in with 
increasing numbers, and the various apartments became, what 
might be termed, packed. The incoming throng pressed so 
hard for a time as to prevent those who were in from passing 
out of the building. In the meantime the crowd was becoming 
so dense and the atmosphere so oppressive in the East Room 
and adjoining apartments, as to make those present extremely 
uncomfortable. 

At this juncture, in an apartment adjoining the East Room, 
a window looking out on the veranda was opened, a chair 
placed under it, and two ushers, one on each side, commenced 
to help people out of the window! An elegantly dressed lady 
would gather her train over her arm, step her foot on tbtf 
chair and out she would go with a bounce! Next a sentleman 
would be shot; through, and next, perhaps, some fat old lady 
would be thus unceremoniously dumped out of the executive 
mansion. I stood and watched this method of egress for 
some time. There was such a rush for fresh air and freedom 
that people were glad to get either, even at the expense of an 
undignified exit from a window; an 1 bounce, bounce, bounce 
they went, just as fast as the ushers could pop them through 
the window. 

The ludicrousness of such a scene at a reception by the 
President of the United States, and in his palatial residence 
at the Capitol too, so touched ray risibles that i had to laugh 
outright. 

At about half-past nine I decided to make an effort to secure 
my overcoat and get out of the building if I could. The 
crowd kept coming into the coat room from outside, and those 
who, like myself, wanted to leave, were al.so crowding in. 
But I at length elbowed my way up to the counter in front of 
the shelves on which the overcoats were deposited. The 
colored men-servants behind the counter were so busy receiv- 
ing and giving out coats and hats that f had to wait sometime 
before I succeeded in getting the attention of one of them. 
In the meantime a tall thin gentleman with a high Roman 
nose, on which was a pair of gold rimmed eye-glasses, elbowed 
his way up to the counter. Jle had just come in and was 



iP 





70 



CTTJ'^riKllNrilL.E! ZInTSTI^TJGTOK/. 




late, and evidently in a hurry to be introduced. He got his 
overcoat off at length, and then eouiuienced calling to the 
colored men: "Say, can I get this checked? I say! Any 
probability of my getting this checked to night?" But the 
servants were busy and did not wait upon him. ' He wadded 
up his overcoat and hat, laid them on the counter, and called 

out again: "Say! Any probability any prob " but 

the servants were busy waiting on some one else. "D n 

it! I'll take it with me thou!" and he wadded his overcoat 
unJer ihis arm, took his hat in his hand, and elbowed his way 
in to be ntrod ueed to the President. 

Soon after this the crowd ceased pressing in, and I joined 
the outgoing tide. Just as T stepped out on the veranda I 
heard a voice say: "The next time I attend a presidentiallcvee 
it will take just one hundred dollars to pay me!" 1 looked, 
and saw that the speaker was a very fat man, and I was at 
once convinced of his sincerity. It must have been extremely 
trying to one so corpulent. 

The music of the band, the magnificence of the furnishings 
in the vaiious apartments, and the rich costumes I had seen, 
and, above all, the opportunity to see, face to face, the Presi- 
dent and his wife, had well repaid me for going. But the 
crowding, the S(|ueezing, and the ludicrous scenes I witnessed, 
seemed to me highly inconsi-ntent with the grard occasion of 
a state reception given by the chief magistrate of this great 
republic, in the executive mansion. 



A REMIXISCEXCE 




''I'^nE Old Tabernacle that formerly occupied the present 
-^ site of the handsome new Assembly Hall, was once the 
scene of a most inglorious episode in my life, which I am 
frequently reminded of when 1 see any of those who, as my 
youthful companions, were jirescnt on the occasion. 

On a sultry summer afternoon a half dozen or more iilayful 
boys, myself an:ong the number, occupied one of the seats in 
that building farthest removed from the speaker. On the 
seat immediately in front of them sat a man on whom the 
preacher's discourse or the hot weather, or both, seemed to have 
rather a .-omnnlent effect. With his head leaned backward 
and hi-^ mouth open, he slept, while his bvealh came and 
went Ih litful stiatches and small explosions. He was soon the 
center of attraction for fpiite an extended circle of interested, 
if not admiring auditors. The nervous ladies in the vicinity 
doubtless eyed him with a good deal of concern, as the ago- 
nized manner of his l>realhing probably lei them to expect 
that every succeeding hilch in his breath would be a |>ernianent 
one. The boys fouml amusement in watching his snoring 
struggles, while the pious old men, anxious to hear the 
preaching, looked daggers at him for creating such a dis- 
turbance. All at once an idea occurred to a large boy on the 
end of the seat behirul him, who, by the way, was a gwat 
|irartical Joker. Pras'lnt' from his pocket a long lead pencil 
he passed it along tlie rmvof boys to where I sat, behind the 
sleeper, and motioned for me to tickle him with it. The other 
lioys also imuiciliatcly joined in urging me to do it as an excel- 
lent joke, and entering into the spirit of the fun I assented. 
Rea<'hing over with the pencil, I tickled liim about the ear, 
causinir him to wjke up with a snort, and all the boys to 
laugh. 

In a few 111 >m'!nt^, hiwjver, our drowsy neighbor apparantly 
apsed into another doze. 1 say <//(/»(;■/ o^/i/ for 1 believed 
fterwards that he was only feignine sleep — throwing out a 



little chaff to catch the birds who were annoying him, which 
I was silly enough to mistake for real grain. 

Flattered with my success the first time, and the encour- 
agement I received from the other boys, I tried the tickling 
inoces? again, when lo ! to my surprise and chagrin, he whirled, 
as I was in the act, and struck me a blow over the head. 

I looked at the boys, and saw that they were nearly convulsed 
with laughter at my expense, and then Hooked at the man, 
and felt as if I would like to do something desperate. But 
then it was a place of worship, and besides he was much older 
and stronger than I was, and discretion forbade my retaliating 
there. The boys prevented me from hitting him with a cobble 
stone as he emerged from the door after tlie service was closed, 
and by the time I next saw the man my anger had worn off 
and I had concluded that he served me right. 

I learned a lesson by my experience that day, in fact two or 
three of them. 

I learned that when a sleepy man is tickled in meeting, no 
matter who the instigators are, if he has spirit enough to 
resent it, it is generally the fellow at the other end of the pencil 
who has to suffer the consequence. 

I learned that when a person indulges in any foolishness for 
the sake of affording amusement lo jovial or thoughtless 
companions, he can't count with any certainty on their sym- 
pathy when his acts lead him into trouble. Laughter is cheap, 
and they can afford to indulge in it while their heads are in 
no danger. 

1 learned that a house of worship is not exactly the jilace to 
play practical jokes in. 

I learnod that there are other ways (and more congenial 
ways at least to one parly) of waking a sleeping man in meet- 
ing than getting a small boy to tickle him about the ear with 
a pencil. 

The joker who handed me the pencil is now a prominent 
and portly Bishop in our Church, and I — well, I think I 
am a little wiser if not better than when I used that pencil. 



'J'ki'F. Tnhki'ENDENCe.— Let honesty and industry be thy 
i-iiiistaiit companions, and spend one penny less than thy clear 
gains; then shall thy hide-hound jiocket soon begin to thrive, 
and will never again cry with the einiity belly-ache; neither 
will creditors insult thee, nor want opjiress, nor hunger bite, 
nor nakedness freeze tlicc. The whole heinispheie will shine 
brightly, and pleasure sjiring ii]i in every corner of lliy heart. 
Now, therefore, embrace those rules and be ba]ipy. Banish 
the bleak winds of sorrow from thy mind and live indcperideiit. 
Tiieii shalt thou be a man. and not hide thy face at the 
ap])roach of the rich, imr siill'er llie ]iaiii <if feeling little when 
the sons of fortune walk at (by riglil liniid; for independency, 
whether with little or much, is good (ortuiic, and places thee 
on even ground with the proudest of the golden fleece. Oh, 
then, be wise, and let industry walk with the morning and 
attend tlicc until thou icachest the evening hour for rest. 
lift honesty be as the breath of Ihy soul, and never forget to 
have a iieniiy when all thy exiienses are enumerated and jiaid: 
then shalt thou reach the jioint of happiness, and indejiend- 
eiice .shall be thy shield and buckler, thy helniet and crowii; 
then .shall thy .soul walk upright, nor ■^toop to the silken 
wictch because he hath riches, nor pocket an aluisc because the 
hand which offers it wears a ring set with diamonds. — Fimilditi. 



HlliTiKN virtue is often dcsjiiscd, ii'a.-niucli as iiolhiiig 
extols it in our eve.s. 





"'X! 



[Vi. 



cr-u-^TiEnsriLE ih^sti^tjotoi^. 



71 



AaRICULTUP.E AMONa 
XEPHITES. 



THE 



BY G. R. 




THE London Fancli once asked Douglas Jerrold to write 
some advice to persons about to marry; to which request 
he complied in the single word, "Don't;" which, by the way, 
in nintj'-nine cases out of every hundred, is the very worst 
advice he could have given. "Were I asked to write a treatise 
on agriculture among tlie ancient Lamanites, our essa\- would 
be about as short; I should simply say, "the Lamanites were 
not an agricultural people." With the Nephites, on the 
contrary, it was entirely different. With them agriculture 
formed the basis of their prosperity, and was the leading 
industry through all their history. 

No sooner had Lehi and his little colony arrived on the 
promised laud, than they commenced the cultivation of the 
soil, planting therein the seeds they had brought with them 
from the land of "Judea, which to their great joy yielded 
abundantly. The grains and fruits of the Asiatic continent 
were found to flourish as luxuriantly in the soil of America, as 
in their native land. This not only held good in the land of 
the Nephites' first inheritance, but also in the lands of their 
later possession — Nephi, Zarahemla, etc., as all through the 
Book of Mormon we have occasional refeiences (incidental to 
the story of their history) to the success that attended their 
farming operations. Nor must it be imagined tliat their 
business was carried on in the primitive manner that charac- 
terizes the labors of Laman's degenerate descendants to-day. 
Agricultural machinery, and "all manner of tools of every 
kind, to till the ground," are mentioned by more than one 
writer. 

Of cereals, corn, wheat and barley appear to have been, as 
in the land of their forefathers, the staple crops. If we mis- 
take not, oats are never mentioned in the Bible, nor is rye 
spoken of more than once or twice. In the Book of Mormon, 
we have no recollection of the mention of either of these 
grains. On the other hand they appear to have cultivated 
grains with which we are unaciiuainted, known to them by the 
names of neas and .sheum. Had there been any English 
equivalents to tliese words, we should doubtless have had 
them as in the other cases, instead of the original Nephite 
names. 

All kinds of fruit flourished under their careful cultivatidU. 
Special reference is .several times made to vineyards and grape 
culture, as well as to the manufacture of wine. Like the 
moderns, they understood the secret of fortifving or strength- 
ening it with liquor or alcohol, of which knowledge they took 
advantage when paying tribute to the Lamanites, in cases 
when the}' intemled to escape from tlieir tasknjusters while 
the latter were under the influence of tliis intoxicating drink. 

It is evident from the sacred jecord, that the Nephites 
carried on their farming very much in the same manner, and 
for very much the same reasons, as the early setr,ler.s in Utah. 
When a new colony was planted, a town or village was built in 
a suitable location, somewhat after tlie style of (uir early forts. 
This cit}' or settlen.'cnt was .generally named after tlie founder 
or the leader of the colony. The farming land cuntiguous 
was called by the same name. The land was tilled in every 
convenient place round the city, and when the Jiamanites 
appeared, or other danger tlireatened, the people retreated 
into their place of refuge, in tlie center of their lands. As an 
example, we will cite the case of the followeis of Alma, in the 



laud of Helam. Wlien the army of the Lamanites made their 
unwelcome appearance, the people were mostly engaged in 
tilling the soil. At the coming of the dreaded foe, they 
gathered with all haste into the city, to await developments 
and to receive the coun.-el their wise, brave and good leader 
should give them. By his advice, the men went out of the 
city in a body, and made a treaty with the Lamanites, which 
the latter, as soon as their ])urposes were accomplished, fliiled 
to keep. 

It is probable tliat in many parts of the continent, some 
system of irrigation was adopted to raise the crops. But this 
was not necessary in all portions of the Nephite possessions; 
we are inclined ;o think it was not so in the cultivated portions 
of the valley of the Sidon. Certain it is that when the 
i righteous Nephi (the father of one of the Twelve Apostles 
chosen by Jesus from amongst the Israel of this western 
continent), called upon the Lord, at his request a famine 
desolated the land. The sacred 'historian recoi-ds; "For the 
earth was smitten that it was dry, and did not yield forth 
grain in the season of grain. " But when the people had 
repented and Nephi had pleaded in their behalf, it is written. 
"And it came to pass in the seventy-sixth year (B. C. 16), the 
Lord did turn away his anger from the people, and caused 
that rain should fall upon the earth, iDsomuch that it did 
bring forth her fruit in the season of her fruit. And it came 
to pass that it did bring forth her grain, in the season of her 
grain." We judge from this, that in those days the Nephite 
agrieulturi.st depended on the direct rains from heaven; for it 
appears that in the same year that they fell, the grain harvest 
was reajied, and the fruit harvest gathered. But it is unsafe 
to form positive theories on these points, until we fully under- 
stand the great changes that took place on the face of the 
land, with consequent alterations of climate, etc., at the time 
of the great convulsions that attended the crucifixion of our 
Lord and Savior. 

Except in the days of their excessive pride and ungodly 
arrogance, the calling of the agriculturist among the 
Nephites, was a most honorable one, as in truth it should be 
among all people. King Mosiah, the beloved, reminds the 
2ieople that, to jirevent their taxes being grievous, he himself 
"did till the earth" for his support, and to maintain the 
expenses of the monarchy. With this royal example, it is no 
wonder that the farmer and the horticulturist were esteemed, 
amongst the greatest of nature's noblemen. 

The Nephites were also successful stock-raisers; their flocks 
and herds formed no inconsiderable portion of their wealth. 
Tlie abundance of their horned stock, sheep, goats, wild goats, 
horses, "fatlings," etc., are frequently referred to. To this 
industr}' the Lamanites, who were great meat-eaters, also gave 
con.siderable attention. It was a business that suited their 
semi-civilization. It did not tie them down so comjiletely to 
one sjiot, as did agriculture and manufactures. But it is a 
notable fact, that whenever any bodies of Lamanites pas.-^ed 
over to the Nejihites, tliey not only adopted the hitter's 
religion and faith, but also their mode of living, and became 
skilled in the juirsuits of industry. As an example, we read, 
in the days of the Judges, of niaiiy of these pcojile joining 
the people of Amnion (their former brethren), when they 
"did begin to labor exceedingly, tilling the ground, raising all 
m.inner of grain, and flocks and hcnls of every kind." (Book 
of .Mormon, new edition. \i. A'lA). 



NoTUl.Mi can be great which is not right. 




•^s 



J'TJ'VEn^ILEl IIsrSTI^/TJGTOIu. 




CHILDREN, DO VOU LOVE EACH OTHER? 



Music bv L. D. Edwards. 



^g 



ElHg 



:pi=S- 






1. Children, do you love eacli oth - ei? Are you always kind and true? Po you always do to otli - ers 

2. Lit - tie cliil -dreu, love each oth - or, Nov - er give au - oth - er paiu; If your brother speaks in ang - er 



— ^ [ ' 1 1 ! 1 



:g " -r- -r- 










As you'd have them 
Answer not in 



do to you? 
wnifh a - gain; 



Are you gen - lie 
Be lie. telf - ish 



to each cih • er? 
to each oih - er, 



Are you care - ful, 
Nev - er mar au 



^=tl 



It. 



* h^ H •- — » • •- 



-1 6^ 



T- 



-^=iiz 



tr 



I— •£=Zt2= 




day by day. 
oiii-er's rot, 



Not 
Strive 



give of - fcnsc liy 
make cacli oth • cr 



acticus, 
hap - py 



Or by 
And you 



n.i • V thiriL' 
will your - self 



:^-^ 



vou 
be 



sav? 
bles"t. 



;=*z=t 






t==:t: 



ii2=^-r±:=l 



=t=t?: 



^tr-tr 



=ti 



.t^=B. 



P 



I 



ORIOIN OF THE SAYINC 
'"NAKED TRUTH." 




'Tw.vs jii^t past noon, one summer's ilay, 

AVhen Truth was plodding on his way 

To the next town, to see n t'rienri, 

Anil there a party to attend. 

Leisurely he walkeil iilon^. 

Listening to the bird's sweet song, 

And to the murm'ring streiim that flowed 

Along beside the <lii-ty road. 

"This sun is very warm!' fpioth he, 

"I'll take a seat beneath this tree. 

"Its pleasant shade I ciin't resist, 

'Inviting me to take; a rest " 

So, prone upon the ground ho sat. 
And funned himself with his straw hat. 
lie had n"t thus been sitting long 
When Falsehood i lianeed to come along, 
And, seeing Truth, beside him siit, 
And straight the two began to chat. 
"Tis very warm, I do declare! 
"And. if the time you cun but spare, 
"Well have a bath." Falsehood proposed, 
"That is, if i/o>/ feel so disposed." 
".\greedl" cried Truth, "in this rlenr stream 
"Is just the place to have a swim!" 
Each strips himself of all his clothes. 
And in the placid water goes. 
"How ro.il Ibis is!" cried Truth with glee. 
And straight across the stream swam he: 



But, looking back, to his surprise. 

Saw Falsehood— could he believe his eyes? — 

I^pon the other shore, and dressed 

In Truth's own clothing of the best. 

In vain did Truth the scamp demand 

Ti> leiive his clothes upon the sand. 

He would not listen to n word. 

No more than if lie had not heard, 

15ul finished dressing and went on 

The rceid until he reaelied the town. 

Disguised as Truth, Falsehood went out, 

Deei'iving many thereabout; 

■\Vliile honest Truth, ashamed to wear 

Falsehood's clothes, of course went hare. 

,\nd now, you see, my smiling youth, 

Whencecanie thesaying, "Naked Truth." 

vJXJVBlTIXiE] I2srSTR.TJOTOK. 
Is Published io Salt Lake City, Utah Territory^ 

ON TIIK FIIIST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



oeokhe: a. cannon, 



- - KDITOR. 



T E R M .S IN ADVANCE. 
iSiiif/le Copy, jx'r Aiiiiinii, - - - $2.00. 
On Copies Sent bv Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^**.0.'Bce, South Teraplo .Street, Ono-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabernacle, .Salt Lake City. 




