t-^L. 



'§Qlhtss h tilt %Gx)i\ 










'i^Pt, 






VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 31, 1872. 



NO. 18. 



T HT E IZSTQ, TJIS I T lO I^. 



THE sombre lookiog engraving on tliis page this week is a 
fitting type of the horrible institution whose name is at the 
Lead of this article. If a history could be ■written, combining 
in itself an account of the religious, political and social condi- 
tion of the people of all civihzed nations of modern times, 
among the saddest and blackest of its pages wo -ild be those 
recording the results of religious intolerance and persecution. 

Christ and His gospel were no more congenial to the spirit of 
the world in the days in which they made their appearance, 
than they are now. The Founder of Christianity and most of 
His disciples and followers were put to death, and the gospel 
and priesthood 
Were finally ban- 
ished from the 
world. But there 
afterwards arose 
a bogus or spuri- 
ous system called 
Christianity, com- 
posed of the forms 
and ceremonies of 
ancient Paganism 
and of the dead 
letter of that sj's 
tern which Jesus 
and those who 
believed on him 
attempted to in- 
troduce ; and the 
head-quarters of 
this new religion 
was the city of 
Rome. The peo- 
ple, almost uni- 
versally, in those 
days, were ignor- 
ant and superstiti- 
ous, and the lead- 
ers of the new religion, by their imposing ceremonies and lofty 
assumptions of favor with Heaven, awed the credulous multi- 
tude, and speedily gained power and influence which they were 
not slow to use for the furtherance of their own ambitious views 
and schemes, and they thus laid the foundation of the Romish 
priesthood — the mightiest engine ever invented for enslaving 
human thought, and which, for many centuries, held in subjectipn 
and bondage, the like of which the world has never seen, the 
minds and bodies of almost countless millions of the human race. 



&ft 




To strengthen and increase their growing power, the leaders 
of this system, in very early times, inaugurated methods of 
persecution and punishment for those who would not accept 
their doctrines in every particular, and we can read of 
persons being punished with death, for their opposition, 
as early as the third or fourth century. These proceed- 
ings on the part of the religious leaders, filled the minds 
of the masses with fear, and strengthened the power 
of the church, and in the course of a few centuries this 
power became absolute, compelling kings and their subjects 
alike, to yield submission. Sometimes kings by their edicts 

strengthened the 
rule of the ecclesi- 
astics, sometimes 
they passed laws 
to abridge it, and 
to enlarge their 
own powers. 
There are also 
several instances 
on record of the 
people rising to 
abolish priestly 
power on account 
of the cruelties 
practised by its 
sanction and au- 
thority. All this, 
as you can readily 
understand, was 
but preparing the 
way for the In- 
quisition, an insti- 
tution established 
by ecclesiastical 
or popish author- 
ity, in which 
"heretics" to the 
Romish religion were made the victims of the most fearful 
tortures and cruelties. 

This abominable institution, in a variety of forms, was known 
in France and several other countries of Europe long before it 
received formal sanction by the popes. This last event did not 
take place until the 13th century, and was hastened by the 
spread of the doctrines of the Albigenses and other early Pro- 
testant sects, which in the eleventh and twelfth centuries 
threatened to undermine the power of Rome. 



♦'i^^ 



138 



GrTJ^EHiTILE I HST S aPiS/TJO T O 12.. 



rf,d 



But it was not until the 15th century — during the reign of 
the great Queen Isabella and King Ferdinand — that the 
Inquisition was established and secured a firm foothold in 
Spain ; but once established, so atrocious was the course pur- 
sued by its authorities in that land, and so completely did they 
surpass all other nations in the number of their victims and in 
the number and character of their modes of torture that, as if 
it had originated in and had been confined exclusively to that 
country, it is generally called the Spanish Inquisition. 

The chief officer of the Inquisition was called the Grand 
Inquisitor. He was nominated by the king, and confirmed by 
the pope. Besides the chief, there were numerous aides, the 
busmess of all being to try those suspected of heresy. They 
had power to arrest any person they pleased, there being no 
appeal from their authority. Any person, however good a citi- 
zen he might be, could be arrested on a plea that he was not 
sound in the Komish faith ; and once within the walls of the 
Inquisition, his doom was a fearful one. He would be accused 
of heresy, and if he denied it he was tortured until he was 
made to confess ; or failiag to do that, was condemned to death. 

The modes of torture were numerous, one of the principal 
being that of the rack, an instrument — represented at the right 
hand of the engraving— so contrived that when the victim was 
bound thereon his hmbs could be stretched until his joints were 
torn asunder if his tormentors saw fit. Another mode of tor- 
ture was that of hanging the victim by the thumbs, or head 
downwards. Another was the thumb screw, a small instrument 
iu which the thumbs were placed, and it could then be screwed 
up until the bones were cracked. There were many other 
methods of torture, all of which were worthy the ingenuity of 
fiends incarnate. Those condemned to death were publicly 
burned alive, and such exhibitions were common iu Spain until 
the seventeenth century. 

These public burnings were called aufos dafe, and whenever 
ope would take place it would be an occ-ision for immense 
gatherings of the populace, as though it were a fair or some 
kind of amusement. The first auto da fe iu Spain, took place 
on the 6th of January, 1481, when sis persons suU'ered the fear- 
ful penalty. From the year 14S3 until the year 1498, eight 
thousand eight hundred persons are said to have been thus in- 
humanly sacrificed; and from that time until the year 1507 
bjtwoen four and five thousand more perished in the same way; 
I he total number burned to death in Spain, from the time the 
Ii;quisition was established until it was abolished, in the year 
1808, is stated at 31,912; and the total number tortured and 
rigorously puniAod, but not put to death, is stated at 291,450. 

Under I'hiltp the Second, this abominable institution was 
established in the Spanish American possessions, and the 
Inquisitions of Mexico, Carthagcna, and Lijna became almost as 
notorious fur their cruelty as tliut of the mother country 

There is one curious fact iu connexion with the history of 
this institution, and that is, though estiiblished by the authority 
of the pope and the Ilomish church, the proceedings of the 
lioman Inquisition aie accredited with being less severe than 
any otiier, and it is said that no penalty of death was ever 
inflicted by its orders. 

The Inquisition was abolished under the rule an J by order of 
Napoleon; and though many attempts have since been made 
to re-establish it in several of the Catholic countries of Europe, 
public opinion has condemned it, and if it exist at all its power 
fur evil is effectually and, let us hope, for ever, destroyed. 

For one unaajuaiuted with history it would bo scarcely pos- 
sible to believe that such atrocities as those said to have been 
committed in these institutions of the Catholic church, could 
have been perpetrated in the name of religion, and by persons 
who clainiod to be the especial representatives and ministers of 
Christ ; but facts are stubborn things, and this fearful record 
seems to be authenticated beyond reasonable doubt. And, 
after all, religijus intolerance, persecution and cruelty have not 



been confined to the Catholic church. The same spirit has at 
times and by turns characterized most of the sects that have 
sprung from it, and at one time, when political or social revolu- 
tions have placed power in the hands of Protestants and taken it 
from Catholics, the former have been as intolerant and cruel as 
ever Catholics were, for all professors of apostate Christianity are 
animated by the same spirit, and they all form part of that coun- 
terfeit system of so-called religion which supplanted and eventual- 
ly extirpated the one which the Savior and his followers sought 
to establish. The same spirit still lives, for in no age, perhaps, 
has counterfeit Christianity been more popular than in this, and 
it is still true to itself. If any of our readers want evidence of 
this, let them reflect upon the past and present history of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and of the truth 
of our assertion they will have confirmation strong as holy writ. 



h: 



T S T O :R -YT OIF 

G EC TJ S> O HI. 
{Co7iUnued.') 



THE 




EN were sent out to find another place at which a settlement 
could be formed, and on the 13th of May President Young 
and many others started from Garden Grove. Before they left 
that point, however, President Samuel Bent had a letter of 
instructions given to him. Land had been fenced by the com- 
panies which were going on West. This he was instructed to 
divide among those who were remaining ; but to let no man 
have the use or occupancy of land which he did not till. He 
was also instructed to see that the crops were secured and cared 
for, and to teach the law of tithing to the Saints, to receive 
their tithes and to disburse them for the benefit of the poor 
and sick. On the 18th of May President Young and several of 
the Apostles reached the middle fork of Grand Eiver. Here 
they found Brother Parley P. Pratt encamped. After crossing 
the bridge which the leading company had built over the 
stream, they ascended a hill and found a mass of grey granite, 
which had the ajjpearancc of an ancient altar, the parts of 
which had fallen apart in various directions as though separated 
by fire. This mass of granite was the more remarkable because 
in that country there was no rock to be seen. Brother Parley had 
called this place Mount Pisgah, and the settlement which was 
made there bore that name, and it is still known, we believe, by 
that name. The camp was now in the country of the Pottawat- 
tamie Indians, and they occasionally were seen by the people. 

Until the 2d of June, the day President Young left Mount 
Pisgah to proceed on his journey with the camp westward, he 
and the other Apostles were busy counseling and directing the 
labors of the Saints in forming a settlement. Councils and 
meetings were held at which it was decided that the Twelve 
Apostles, Bishop Whitney, and the records and other Church 
property should proceed on the journey westward. Those who 
did not have a sufficient outfit to proceed through were counsel- 
ed to renjain there. Farming land was selected, and a united 
clTort was njade to break it up, to fence it and put in crops. 
In these labors those who were going on shared with those who 
were remaining. Though selfishness was not entirely over- 
come, yet there was a general disposition among the faithful 
Saints to help one another and to labor for each other's good. 
It was a day of sacrifice. JIany had left valuable projierty, 
and all, even the poorest, had left something, and had gladly 
started out into the wilderness, to face its terrors, endure its 
hardships and fatigues and wander they knew not whither, 
except that they knew that God, through His servants, would 
guide them to a suitable land ; and they had done this for the 
sakTs of the gospel. They were determined to worship God 
and to keep all His commandments, and as mobs of wicked men 
would not suffer them to do this at Nauvoo and the surround- 



iii 



f 



p^: 



Cr TJ "^ E IsT I L E IIsrsa?I^TJOTOI2/. 



139 



ing country, they were willing to go to any land, to whioh the 
Almighty would lead them, where they could dwell in peace 
and enjoy the religion He had revealed to them. The scenes 
they had passed through made them feel as one family, and 
they sympathized with, and were willing to help, each other. 
Circumstances like these have the effect, upon people who are 
in possession of the gospel, to draw them closely together and to 
take interest in each other's welfare. 

Elder William Huntington was chosen as President of Mount 
Pisgah, and Elders Ezra T. Benson and Charles C. Rich as 
his counselors. 

The camp was now traveling in an Indian country. There 
were no settlements, no scattered houses or fields, no traveled 
roads larger than an Indian trail, but the whole country through 
which the Saints now passed was in a state of nature such as 
had existed for many long centuries. The season, by the time 
they loft Mount Pisgah, was so far advanced that the effects of 
the Spring rains had passed away. The country was more 
elevated than that east of this latter point, and though there 
was a new road to break all the way, the journey was made 
with comparative ease. There were several bridges to build 
over streams whioh had to be crossed ; but these were not 
causes of serious detention, for a company of pioneers went 
ahead of the main camp to perform this labor. On the 14th of 
June President Young's company and all the leading companies 
encamped in the form of a hollow square on the bank of the Mis- 
souri River, not far from Council Bluffs. But the next day a 
council was held, and it was decided to move back from the river 
on to the Bluffs. The object of this move was to get good spring 
water and to be away from the Omaha Indians, while a ferry- 
boat was being built with which to cross the river. For this 
labor a number of suitable men were assigned, who were 
under the direction of Brother Frederick Kesler. 

The Pottawattamie Indians treated the Saints kindly, and 
their chiefs showed them favor. The stay of the camp at this 
point was, on this account, very pleasant, as the cattle and 
horses could be left to roam at large over the bluffs and plains 
in perfect security. 

After the camp had reached the Bluffs, Brothers Orson 
Hyde and Wilford Woodruff, two of the Twelve Apostles, join- 
ed it with their companies. Brother Hyde had been laboring 
at Nauvoo, and Brother Woodruff bad been presiding over the 
Church in Europe. At Nauvoo the labors of Brother Hyde 
had been very weighty. He alone of the Twelve Apostles who 
had kept the faith, excepting Brother Woodruff, who was in 
Europe, remained behind. This was the post assigned to him. 
The care and responsibility which rested upon him at that time 
were very great. The Saints were surrounded by enemies who 
only wanted the least pretext to pounce upon and mob and 
murder them. Many of them were very poor, and were 
anxiously trying to dispose of what little property they had for 
means to buy them an outfit. Under these circumstances it 
required great diligence, wisdom and vigilance on his part, as 
well as on the part of the Elders associated with him, to attend 
to the necessary public duties and to avoid difiicuUy. 

Then there was the Temple to complete so that it could be 
dedicated to the Lord and it be accepted by Him. He had 
commanded that it should be built, and until it was built the bap- 
tisms for the dead, performed elsewhere, were to be acceptable 
unto Him. But if, after the Saints had had sufKciont time to 
build a house to the Lord, they did not fulfill this command- 
ment, they were to be rejected as a Church, with their dead. 
In the revelation which was given upon this subject, the Lord 
explained how the labors of His servants and people — even 
when thoy did not complete a temple which He might command 
them to erect — might be acceptable to Him. He said ; 

"Verily, verily I say unto you, That when I give a com- 
mandment to any of the sons of men, to do a work unto my 
name, and those sons of men go with all their might, and 



' with all they have, to perform that work, and cease not their 
diligence, and their enemies come upon them, and hinder them 
from performing that work ; behold, it behoveth me to require 
that work no more at the hands of those sons of men, but to 
accept of their offerings; and the iniquity and transgression of 
my holy laws and commandments, I will visit upon the heads 
of those who hindered my work, unto the third and fourth gen- 
eration, so long as they repent not, and hate me, saith the Lord 
God. Therefore for this cause have I accepted the offerings of 
those whom I commanded to build up a city and a house unto 
my name, in Jackson county, Missouri, and were hindered by 
their enemies, saith the Lord your God : and I will answer 
judgment, wrath, and indignation, wailing, and anguish, and 
gnashing of teeth upon their heads, unto the third and fourth 
generation, so long as they repent not and hate me, saith the 
Lord your God. 

"And this I make an example unto you, for your consolation 
concerning all those who have been commapded to do a work, 
and have been hindered by the hands of their enemies, and by 
oppression, saith the Lord your God." 

The Saints could possibly have excused themselves by this 
revelation for not doing any more work on the Temple after 
their enemies had come upon them and by violence compelled 
them to promise to leave their homes. But this was not the 
feeling of President Young and his brethren. They were 
determined to do all in their power to finish the house. From 
the time of their return to Nauvoo, after the death of the 
Prophet Joseph, until they were compelled to leave there, they 
had worked unceasingly on the Temple. The labor that was per- 
formed on that building in fifteen or sixteen months after their 
return was marvellous, when the means are considered with 
which it had to be done. Within that sppce of time the greater 
part of the walls were built, the roof was put on, the tower was 
erected, the upper rooms were finished, and many of the Saints 
received their endowments therein. But not satisfied with this, 
though they had to leave Nauvoo themselves, instructions were 
given to prosecute the work of finishing the House, and all the 
means that could be spared was devoted to that object. Presi- 
dent Young and his brethren were zealous to fulfill to the very 
letter the word of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph and through 
him to the people. Elder Orson Hyde had the pleasure of 
announcing to him, by letter, that, on the evening of the 30th 
of April, 1846, the Temple was privately dedicated — Elders 
Orson Hyde, Wilford Woodruff, John, Joseph and Phineas H. 
Young, John M. Bernhisel, Joseph L. Heywood and several 
others being present. Elder Joseph Young offering up the 
dedicatory pra.ver — and on the next day. May 1st, it was 
publicly dedicated by Elder Orson Hyde, Elders Wilford 
Woodruff, A. W. Babbitt and Joseph A. Stratton being 
present and taking part in the services. 
(To he continued.) 



Made Him Pat. — When General Jackson was President, a 
heartless clerk in the Treasury Department ran up an indebted- 
ness with a poor landlady to $60, and then turned her off as he 
did other creditors. She finally went to the President with her 
complaint, and asked him if he could not compel the clerk to 
pay the bill. "He offers his note," she said "but his note is 
good for nothing." Said the President, "Got his note and 
bring it to me." The clerk gave her the note with the jeering 
request, "she would let him know when she got the money on 
it." Taking it to the President he wrote " — Andrew Jack- 
son" on the back of it, and told her she would get the money 
at the bank. When it became due the clerk refused to pay the 
note, but when he learned who was the endorser, he made 
haste to "raise the wind." The next morning he found a note 
on his desk saying that his services were no longer required by 
the Government — and it served him right. 












140 



JTJVSI^ILE in^ST-IS/TJOTOI?.. 



'I^^^^^t 






f 
tf 



GEORGE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

satukday, august 31, 1872. 
eiditoi^Ij^.Ij th:oxjc3-h:ts. 




v^.,@- HO has uot heard of that famous old 
American printer and philosojiher, Benja- 
min Franklin ? Tliere are very few, indeed, 
in all portions of the civilized world who 
have not, for Franklin's genius was of such 
an original and practical character that it 
has made him famous,and his name a death- 
less one. You have probably read, long 
ago, that it was Benjamin Franklin who, 
while studying the nature of lightning, drew 
i from the clouds by means of a key attached 
to a kite. There never was a boy yet, perhaps, 
who was not fond of flying a kite, it is an 
amusement of which most boys are passionately 
fond ; but few minds, young or old, have been 
assessed of sufficient genius and originality to make 
this favorite toy the means of solving, or jiartially 
solving, a difficult scientific problem, and of unlocking 
Nature's storehouse and drawing therefrom one of 
her most mighty, subtle and mysterious agents and 
forces. Yet this was a feat performed by this glorious old man 
Franklin. 

The same feat, accomplished by a philosopher in Europe, 
proved the cause of his death, for he held the string of his kite 
in his hand and the lightning ran down the string and struck 
him dead. Vvhether this was before or after Franklin's experi- 
ment we do not now remember, and it makes no difference, for 
Franklin was no imitator. He was original, and his investiga- 
tions and experiments were his own, and instead of holding 
the twine in his hand, it is asserted of him that he tied it to a 
tree. 

Simple as this experiment now seems, it was the pioneer of 
one of the grandest discoveries and inventions ever made in the 
world wc mean the electric telegraph, and Franklin as well as 
3Iorse deser^'es a share of the honor of telegraphic discovery. 
Franklin did not find out how to send messages by lightning, 
but he did more almost than that, he furni.'!hed the index fin- 
ger that led (0 the discovery, for by opening Nature's store- 
house and liberating, at will, this mighty agent, he set the 
scientific minds of the world to work, study, reflecting, and, in 
a manner, furnished material for them to work upon, and their 
investigations were prosecuted until the wonderful invention of 
Morse was brought forth. 

It is related that, soon after the success of the famous kite 
experiment, .some person, evidently of the old fogy class, asked 
the i>hikiso))her what was the xxe of such experiments as 
that. Franklin's reply was very characteristic, for he asked his 
(lucstioncr to toll him the use of a baby. This was a question 
that probably Franklin himself could not have answered, fcir it 
would puzzle anybody to tell the mere use of an infant, it is so 
utterly helpless and completely dependent , but while this is .so, 
wc all know that as the oak springs from the acorn, and the 
loftiest mountain in the world lias its parentage in the grain of 
sand and the tiniest pebble, so the greatest men of all ages have 
sprung from the infant. 

It ha.s been just so with the greatest discoveries ever made 
by man. The experiments of Hiero, the Egyptian, with the 



vapor of boiling water and a vessel, almost as simple as an 
ordinary tea kettle, made over two thousand years ago, laid the 
foundation for the steam engine, and the railway and steamboat 
system of to-day, perfected during this century by the labors of 
Watt, Stevenson and Fulton. Who would have thought that 
Franklin's kite and lightning experiment, and others equally as 
simple would have been the pioneers or fore-runners of that 
wonderful telegraph system, which cow brings the people of 
the most distant regions into almost instantaneous speaking dis- 
tance ? And yet such is the case. 

Do not despise the day of small things, is a piece of advice 
worth remembering by all; for just as sure as the organization 
of the helpless babe contains, in miniature or embryo the 
future Franklin, Stevenson, Morse, Wellington, Washington, 
Joseph Smith or Brigham Young, so do some of the seemingly 
most simple discoveries in science lay the foundations for in- 
ventions iu the arts which are destined to benefit the whole 
human race. Your future reading, observation, and experi- 
ence will demonstrate the truth of this better than anything 
that could be said here in illustration ; and we shall finish this 
article by giving you some account of an adaptation of the 
Morse telegraph system to household purposes, recently intro- 
duced in some of the cities in the East. 

The telegraph companies furnish to all who will pay the fee 
they charge — some twelve or fifteen dollars a month — an 
instrument something like a small clock, which is placed in any 
convenient place in the house. From this clock-like apparatus 
a wire is carried through the window or rDof, and it is joined 
to the telegraph wire leading to the company's nearest district 
telegraph office. Then, if the party who hires the instrument 
wants a messenger to go on any errand for him, he presses a 
small knob in his electric clock, and in a few minutes a messen- 
ger arrives, sent to his order from the telegraph office. Twelve 
and a half cents an hour are charged for these messengers while 
at work for the parties who send for them. If a fire breaks out 
ill a house provided with these little machines, the resident 
thereof has only to press a small knob, and assistance from the 
fire department is immediately sent. The same if a thief 
enters, the signal is given, and, almost before you can look 
round, the police are on hand to arrest him. 

The editor of an Eastern paper was induced by the solicita- 
tions of an agent of the telegraph office, to have one of these 
little machines put up iu his house, but he seems to have been 
very doubtful about the working of it being as successful as was 
represented, and so, a few days after he had it, he thought he 
would test its powers, although he was not in want of help of 
any kind. So he pressed one of the little knobs, and, he says, 
to his surprise, in two and a half minutes after, a messenger 
from the telegraph office rang the door bell and wished to know 
what was wanted. 

The offices furnishing these uistruments have a Morse record- 
ing apparatus, with which all the houses using their domestic 
machines are connected. Every house is numbered, and every 
one uses a signal different from every other, and when a signal 
is received from any one, the recording apparatus in the com- 
pany's office shows which it is, and what kind of assistance is 
required, whether a messenger to go on errands, a police to 
arrest a thief, or fire engines to quench fire, and so on ; and 
whatever it may be, it is sent forthwith. 

You can not conceive of anything more useful, or more 
likely, in large cities, where thieves and fires are very abund- 
ant, to be more conducive to the safety and comfort of families; 
and this, as well as the telegraph system between different 
nations, is an outgrowth of just such experiments as that of 
Franklin with the kite, and this .should be enough to deter 
boys and girls, whether of youthful or adult age, from doing as 
was done by Franklin's interlocutor — questioning the utility of 
experimental science because they do not happen to under- 
stand it. 



^i^S^« 



a""cr"V"Ei<riLS iiststi^tjotoi^. 



14:1 



THE S "Vv^ ^^ niT. 



YOU all know that tHs is the picture of a Swan, and swans are 
a class of birds not very interesting or remarkable. They 
were celebrated among the ancients, who believed their song, 
when dying, was one of marvellous sweetness, but this notion 
has completely died out, for it is now known that the voice oi 
this bird, living or dying, is somewhat harsh and discordant. 
The note of the wOd or "whistling" swan of America some- 
what resembles the word "hoop," and when heard from a dis- 
tance is said not to be disagreeable. 

In ancient times it was custonary, at their great feasts, to 
serve the flesh of swans with great ceremony ; but swan's flesh 
is rarely eaten now, it being pronounced dark and tough. 
The Swan is cared for and admired only because of its graceful 
appearance, and the beautiful down it yields, of which expen- 
sive tippets and muffs are made. 

The Swan, as you see by the picture, is a good deal like a 
goose or duck, only it is larger and has a much longer neck. 
Its feet are webbed, like those of the duck ; its plumage is 
snowy white, and it seems to take great pride in keeping it 
perfectly clean. In England and other European countries it 
is a common custom to keep the tame or domesticated swan for 
the purpose of ornamenting the lakes or ponds in the pleasure 
grounds of the wealthy, and his motions when gliding along on 




the surface of these waters are full of grace and beauty, and a 
prettier sight it is not easy to find. 

The Swan is not full-grown until five or six years old, then 
his full length from bill to tail is from four to five feet, and 
from tip to tip of expanded wings it is generally more than sis 
feet, some fully seven, their weight varying from fifteen to 
twenty-five or thirty pounds. On land swans are rather clumsy, 
but in the air they are more at home and can fly long distances. 
They fly in single file, one acting as guide or pioneer until he is 
tired, when he retires to the rear. They have great strength of 
wing, and when hatching or looking after their young they will 
fight anything that approaches their nest, striking with their 
wings with great force. At the pairing season the males will 
fight savagely, and in their combats the victor often drowns his 
antagonist by holding bis head under water. When alarmed it 
is said that the Swan can swim faster than a man can walk. 

There are several species of this bird, but they differ very 
slightly in appearance, being generally white in body with bill 
and legs black. The wild swan of Europe leaves the northern 
regions for more temperate climes on the approach of Winter, 
but it returns again in Spring. In Iceland the natives hunt 
and kill large numbers of them for food, in the moulting 
season, their plumage being then so scant that the birds are 
unable to fly. The tame swan of Europe is imported into the 



United States and is used here for the same purpose as there — 
to ornament the lakes and ponds in the grounds surrounding 
the residences of the wealthy. The female swan lays from 
five to eight eggs, and hatches them in six weeks. The food 
of the Swan is chiefly vegetable — grass, roots and seeds for 
which it searches under water, being able to keep its head 
submerged from three to five minutes. It also eats grubs 
snails, and perhaps small fish. 

In South America there is a species called the Wack- 
nccked swan, its head and neck being of a sable hue. In 
Australia the native swan is all black, and occasionally the two 
species — black and white, may be found together on orna- 
mental waters in Europe, 

After all, there is nothing remarkable or curious about the 
Swan. He is a kind of dandy among birds, and like most 
dandies he is a very ordinary, commonplace character. He has 
no song; his flesh is by no means delicate or choice. The 
poetry and romance with which he was formerly surrounded on 
account of the supposed beauty of his dying song, no longer 
exist. He is also known to be fierce, instead of gentle, as 
once supposed ; and were it not for his soft down, and his 
genteel appearance very few in the world would care for him. 



I^IE^.O'VIIDEISrOE. 



T was Saturday alternoonl The mid-summer sunlight lay 

warm and bright on all the green New England hUls, and 
crept in waves of glimmering gold over the white, sanded 
floor of Deborah Hunter's tidy kitchen. Debbie herself sat 
just beyond the door-way, with a huge basket of newly-ironed 
clothes beside her, from which she was assorting a variety of 
little garments, pausing now and then to darn a hole, or sew on 
a button, and singing softly to herself the while ; for she was a 
happy wife and mother, and her smile was bright, and her 
heart cheerful, despite the endless duties that kept her willing 
hands for ever busy. 

Out in the garden, under the shadow of the elm-trees, where 
the flaunting tulips and sun-flowers bloomed, and the bees 
made homely music, Mark and little Totty were playing, and 
chattering like a pair of parrots. 

And presently they came toddling in, Mark leading his chub- 
by little sister by the hand. 

"Mother," he said, ''may we go down to the wood and 
gather some strawberries? Father likes 'em with cream, you 
know! Please let us, mother! I'll put Totty's shoes on, so the 
briars can't scratch her feet, and I'll take good care of her. 
Mother, may we go?" 

Debbie smiled and nodded, and Mark ran off for Totty's 
shoes, and after considerable grunting and tugging, succeeded 
in getting them on her chubby feet. Then he clambered up on 
the dresser, and got a little tin kettle, and off they started, hand 
in hand. 

"Now, Mark, take good care of your sister," called his 
mother, "and don't go near the pond. And come back soon, 
for I think we shall have rain before night." 

" Yes, mother!" 

Totty looked back, her white sun-bonnet flapping in the 
breeze, and disclosing her dimpled cheeks, and tangled, golden 
hair. 

"Mother," she lisped, "toiJdn't you dive us one team-take, 
fore we does — does one, mother?" 

And Debbie put aside her needle, and going to the cupboard, 
l^roduced the coveted cream-cakes, and put them in the chubby 
little hands. Then she came back to her work, and resumed 
her song. 

And the mid-summer afternoon waned slowly. The sun- 
shine danced and glimmered amid the green elm-branches, the 
bees hummed about their hives, and the hens cackled lazily in 



Jp9 




JTr^ElsriLE ZIsTSTS^TJOTOI?/. 



the barn-yard ; and the breeze, growing stronger, tossed the 
purple lUao boughs till the air was heavy with their sweet per- 
fume. Debbie worked on, singing softly to herself; and the 
sunlight crept stealthily across the sanded floor and disappeared 
at last beyond the doorsill. Her work was done ; all the little 
garments ready for the coming Sabbath. She rose, and put 
her basket aside. 

"'Tis time the children were comiug back," she said, going 
to the door, and glancing out. 

The west was one mass of black thunder-clouds, with lurid, 
brassy edges ; and even while she stood there came a distant 
rumble, prophetic of what was coming. 

''We're going to have a thunder-storm," she thought, her 
heart thrilling with fear; "surely Mark will hasten home." 

She set about her evening preparations, eager to get them 
over before the rain. Half an hour went by, but the chUdren 
had not come. 

"What can make them stay so?" she thought, looking out 
again, and finding the sky well-nigh overcast, and the great, 
black thuuder-cloud rolling rapidly up before the rising wind. 

The poor mother, now thoroughly frightened, caught up a 
shawl, and throwing it over her head, closed her door and ran 
down towards the wood, calling her children as she ran. But 
there came no answer — no sound but the roar of the gathering 
storm, and the angry booming of the thunder. 

She searched and called in vain — they were nowhere to be 
seen; and half-frantic with anxiety, she ran back again, and 
met her husband, just returned from his labor, at the door. 

"Oh, Nathan," she cried, "the children are gone — lost in 
the woodl What shall we do ?" 

He turned without a word to the huge Newfoundland that 
stood behind hiiu. 

"Gyp," he said, "the children are gone; come, we must 
find them." 

And Gyp trotted soberly after him, followed by the poor, dis- 
tracted mother. As they reached the wood, the storm broke 
upon them in all its fury. The clouds rolled up in great masses, 
blotting out the wining daylight, and the lightning blazed and 
flamed in every direction ; while the thunder rattled from hill 
to hill, and the winds tore and shrieked amid the trees, like a 
pack of demons. And presently the rain began to pour down 
in great, drenching sheets. Poor Deborah wrung her hands in 
an agony. 

"Oh, my childrenl" she cried; my poor httle Totty, what 
will become of her?" 

The father hurried on, followed by Gyp, on and on, till 
they were in the very heart of the wood. But no trace of the 
children appeared. 

"Gyp," said the father, turning to his dog again, "can't you 
find the children? Come, good dog, try!" 

And Gyp, with his nose to the ground, went off like an 
arrow. The parents followed, heedless of the pelting storm. 
On and on, into the heart of the wood, and round the shore 
of the pond! There the poor fellow stopped, with a peculiar 
mournful cry. 

The father and mother hastened up. Tliere, in the yielding 
earth, were little foot-prints, the unmistjikable impress of 
Totty' s chubby shoes; and, strewn about, were bits of moss, 
and broken flowers ; and presently, away out upon the yellow, 
angry waters of the pond, they espied Mark's little cap. 

As she recognised it, the poor mother uttered a piteous cry. 

" Oh, my precious babiesi they are gone — they are drownedl" 

"Yes," replied the father, hoarsely; "they are gone! I 
must get help, and drag the pondl My poor wife, you had 
better come home!" 

But Deborah shook her head, and crouched down upon the 
shore of the yellow pond. And there she sat, with the pitiless 
htorm beating on her unsheltered head, waiting and watching 
in the very patience of despair. 



Her husband went for help, and his neighbors responded to 
his call. They hurried to the spot by scores, and the pond was 
dragged, but the bodies of the chDdren could not be found. 
Again and again, they repeated their efforts, but with a like 
result. 

The storm had spent its fury, the thunders rattled far away 
in the distance, and through the rifts iu the black clouds a full 
Summer moon poured down its silver light. The men stood 
round the yellow circlet of water, regarding each other in 
silent perplexity ; when faint and far away came the sound of a 
tremulous cry. The father listened intently. It came again — 
a long and mournful cry. 

'''Tis Gyp," he said, dashing off in the du'ection of the 
sound; he's found 'em 1" 

Debbie and her neighbors followed, through the dripping, 
moonlit forest. As they neared the spot, the dog heard them 
coming, and the howl changed into a joyful bark. He came 
bounding out to meet them, from beneath a little coppice, 
thickly roofed with vines. 

There they were, side by side on the reeking mass, little 
Totty fast asleep, with her curly head pillowed on Mark's arm. 
Mark was wide awake, his eyes as bright as diamonds. 

The moment he caught sight of his mother, he burst into tears. 

"Poor mother," he cried out, "I was a naughty boy to 
make you suffer so ; but indeed I didn't mean to be. We met 
Tom Saunders in the wood, and he told us there was some 
jolly big strawberries down by the pond; and I thought we'd 
get 'em, to please father. But Totty walked so slow, the storm 
was up by the time we got there. But I got the strawberries, 
and bouncing big fellows they are. Here they are, father ; I 
held on to 'em. By the time I got my basket full, the wind 
was blowing great guns, and Totty began to cry. I took her in 
my arms, and tried to run, and the wind took my cap off, and 
whirled it plump into the middle of the pond. Oh, my but- 
tons, but it did rain! The drops hit my head like bullets! But 
I hugged Totty tight, and ran and ran, but somehow I couldn't 
run right ; the storm turned me round. I saw this place at 
last and we crept in, and poor Totty soon cried herself to sleep 
and I dozed a bit too, for the first thing I knew, here was Gyp, 
putting his cold nose on my cheek." 

They journeyed homeward through the glittering Summer 
woods ; and as they reached the cottage the Sabbath morn was 
breaking, fair and sweet, and holy — a type of that eternal morn 
which is to come ; the east, one blaze of gold and purple, birds 
twittering on every spray, lambkins bleating from the green 
hill-tops — God's blessed peace resting on all things like a bene- 
diction. 

The grateful parents bore their little ones in, and Debbie 
bustled about, preparing hot draughts and dry garments. 

''And now," she said when everything was done, and Totty 
lay asleep in her father's arms, her brown chubby feet peeping 
from beneath her snowy frock — "now, husband, we'll get 'em 
to bed and let 'em have a good sleep ; poor little dears they 
need it." 

She led the way into the bed-chamber, and turned to arrange 
the little trundle-bed ; but she recoiled with a cry of horror. 

The white pillows and dainty ajverhds wore one mass of 
charred and sulphurous ashes; and one corner of the room was 
all torn and splintered. In their absence the lightning shaft 
had struck their dwelling, expending its deadly fury on the 
pillows where the little heads of their children would have lain, 
had they been at home. There had been death and danger 
at home, and out in the wild night safety and deliverance. 
God's providence had saved them ? ISelccted. 



>9^^^>6C 



TiiE answer to the Charade in No. 10 is CAl'E FEAR. 
Correct solutions have been received from Joseph H. Parry. 
James. H. and Wm. N. Anderson, and Louisa E. Parry, City. 



./■>« 

^^^^" 



CrTJ"VE]lsriLE HsrSTZR/TJOTOK. 



1^3 




[For the Juveniie Instmctor, 



]l$m>hit% u! €0m.tttuit ®|ittg^» 



GCDJ^Xj J^l>rjD LICH-HTITE. 



COAL is found in gi-eatest abundance in those rocks that 
belong to the "carboniferous" period of the geologist. An 
some remarks that have a bearing on this subject -were made in 
a recent article on geology in this magazine, for the information 
of those to whom it may not be convenient to refer to the num- 
ber containing it, as it is in the last volume (No. 26, Vol. 6) 
quotations wiU be made of those parts that refer to that period 
■when our fossil fuel was formed. Among the different geolo- 
gical ages described, the writer alludes to ''the carboniferous, 
or coal-forming period, as a period in which the earth was cov- 
ered with trees and vegetation so gigantic and abundant as to 
surpass anything now to be seen. Before, and during this 
period the atmosphere contained an immense amount of car- 
bonic acid gas, rendering the earth unfit for the habitation of 
man, or any other land animal." After drawing attention to 
the fact that carbonic acid gas will destroy animal life but is 
favorable to vegetable growth and development, the writer 
shows how this superabundant gas was got rid of: "During the 
carboniferous age, or period, the air was purified of this noxious 
gas by the coal-forming plants and trees, and fitted to sustain 
animal life on the surface of the earth, and at its close animals 
of various orders became abundant." This picture of the 
earth during the "carboniferous period" not only shows the 
condition of things at that time, but the writer also shows that 
"Ages before man made his appearance upon the earth, 
creatures of inferior orders, and of every conceivable variety 
were performing their part in preparing the earth for his 
dwelling place." And, it is interesting to find that modern 
science in lifting the veil that hangs over the past exhibits 
pictures of creation that all tend to prove that man was in con- 
templation while the earth was "being prepared." True it is, 
children, that many who profess to be interpreters of the "let- 
ters in which Nature, with her skillful and unerring finger, has 
written the history of the successive stages of the earth's crea- 
tion and development," do not thus interpret. And this is 
why it is necessary to be guarded in reading the works of 
scientists, with whom there too frequently is a disposition to do 
away with the idea of Deity ; to lead the mind, by subtle 
sophistries, instead of correct reasoning, to regard the works of 
creation as a continued series of effects arising from the natural 
forces alone, without any Being to whom those forces are sub- 
ject; who, because they can see "links in the chain of causa- 
tion," that is effects, arising out of causes that are the eflFects of 
other causes, persuade themselves, and, alasl try to persuade 
others that no great "First Cause" is necessary! 

Just as charcoal is made from any wood by burning and 
stopping out the air, in the manner of brick-kilns, or as coke is 
made from coal in a retort ; so is wood-fibre changed into coal 
beneath the earth when moisture, heat and pressure cause it to 
undergo natural distillation. Wood of every kind is composed 
of woody fibre, sap and water — carbon, hydrogen and oxygen. 
The chemical form of all wood is alike, so far as coal-making is 
concerned ; any chemical difference is in the sap, alone. Take 
away everything but carbon, and anthracite remains; let gases 
be consolidated with and retained in the mass, it will be more 
or less inflammable coal ; let it lose only part of the constitu- 
ents of wood, brown-coal, or lignite will remain. In the decom- 
position of buried wood (or peat, or any form of woody fibre) 
carbonic acid is generated from its own constituents. If the 
atmosphere in any way has access to it the hydrogen of the 
wood will unite with the oxygen, this does not occur when true 



coal is formed. In the formation of the coal of the "carbon- 
iferous" period the circumstances were difi^erent to those of 
more recent formations, the chemical changes were independent 
of the atmosphere, more or less, hence the difference in the 
coal. The formation of all the varieties of coal (and of all other 
hydro-carbonaceous compounds) may be explained upon the 
same simple principles. Expose wood to the air, it decays ; 
exclude the air, wholly or in part, carbonic acid, water, light 
carburretted and defiant (inflammable) gases and coal will 
be formed. 

It is interesting to know that in some kinds of lignite the 
vegetable remains are so well preserved, their structure so well 
retained, even the more delicate and tender parts, that the 
naturalist can represent the form of plants of ages long anteced- 
ent to man. In the same specimen may be seen "brown-coal," 
"pitch-coal" and other varieties; under the powerful micro- 
scopes of the day thin splinters of anthracite, when burned, and 
then examined, show the structure of vegetable tissues. A 
deposit of coal is always composed of a series of layers which 
are separated from each other by sandstone, clay or slaty mat- 
ter. The coal vein varies in thickness and sometimes is not con- 
tinuous, that is, it is broken off by what are called "faults." 
The same order is maintained, generally, in coal strata, although 
a ''fault," or break may occur. The cause of dislocation, or 
breaking up of strata is unknown ; it must have been subse- 
quent to the stratification. The coal itself forms a compact, 
deep brown or black mass, sometimes dull but frequently of 
glossy appearance, often exhibiting a play of beautiful colors, 
differing in hardness and fracture. Sometimes a thin vein of 
mineral runs through the coal that is not combustible matter. 
In the formation of peat seams of sandstone are formed. 

There is much obscurity about the formation of the vast 
deposits of fossil fuel which the peat-Torming process does not 
account for; modern science reveals the fact that the solar 
energies, moisture and carbonic acid were the causes operating 
to produce it. Vv''e may with safety accept this fact and that it 
was done in those "days" which "were periods of vast dura- 
tion, in which our world was going through various stages of 
development and being prepared for the dwelling-place of 
Man." Beth. 



The Size op London.— According to the last census, Lon- 
don has a population of 3,883,092. This is more than the 
combined population of New York, Philadelphia, Brooklyn, 
St. Louis, Baltimore, Chicago, Cincinnati, Boston, New 
Orleans, San Francisco, Buffalo, and Alleghany City. To 
lodge this vast multitude, 777,000 dwellings are required, and 
the people consume annually about 4,480,000 barrels of flour, 
420,000 bullocks, 2,075,000 sheep, 49,000 calves, 61,250 hogs, 
and one market alone supplies annually 7,043,750 head of 
game. This, together with 5,200,000 salmon, besides other 
fish and flesh, is washed down by 75,600,000 gallons of ale and 
porter, 3,500,000 gallons of spirits, and f 13,750 pipes of wine; 
22,799 cows are required to supply the daily consumption of 
milk. The streets of the metropolis are about 2,900 in number, 
and if put together would extend about 4,000 miles. They are 
liijhted by 630,000 lamps, consuming every twenty-four hourj 
22,270,000 cubic feet of gas. The water system supplies 77,- 
070,824 gallons daily, while the sewer system carries off 16,629,- 
77o'cubicfeetof refuse matter. A fleet of 1,800 sail is em- 
ployed, irrespective of railroads, in bringing annually 5,250,000 
tons of 'coal. Bituminous coal is exclusively used, and the smoke 
arising from this immense consumption is said to be so dense 
that it can be seen thirty-five miles from the city. To clothe 
the inhabitants requires 5,160 tailors, 50,400 boot and shoe 
makers, and nearly 70,000 dress-makers and milliners. Berlin, 
according to the recent census, has a population of 827,013; 
Paris, in 1867, 1,889,462; and Constantinople, in 18G4, 1,075,000. 



^^^^- 



144 



J'TJ"V^E2sriLE I ItT S T I^ TJ C T O I?/ 



^A 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 



€otip$$j;0it&$ttc$* 



Salt Lake Citt, Utah, Aiignsl 9th, 13T:3. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

A short time since, at the 'instance of Professor John Morgan, 
wlio had visited a majority of the Sabhi.th schools in this city, aiul 
made a report at the Bishops' meeting, it was there su^sested to hold 
a meeting of the Sabbath school Superintendents and Teachers, with 
a view to a greater concert of action to aid this important feature of 
missionary labor. 

A meeting was held, at which Superintendent George Goddard 
presided. A goodly number of Superintendents and Teachers were 
present and spoke earnestly in favor of a continuation of these meet- 
ings and their necessity. Messrs. Goddard, Morgan and Maiben 
were appointed a committee to wait upon Elder George Q. Cannon, 
to make laiown to him the feelings of the mectmg npon the tnhject, 
and to request the benefit of his counsel and co-operation. That com- 
mittee waited upon Elder Cannon, who warmly endorsed the move- 
ment, and appointed the following Monday, June 2-lth, for another 
meeting, when a large assemblage of Superintendents and Teachers, 
from nearly every ward in the city, were present. 

There have been two meetings since, held on the first Monday in the 
month, at the City Hall, at the last of which it was sugscsted that the 
Secretary furnish the editor of the Juvenile Instkuctob an account 
of their proceedmgs, for the bene'it of his numerous readers through- 
out the Territory, and that when in the city they may visit these 
monthly meetings and interchange their experience and views. I 
tlierefore furnish the following brief sjmopsis: 

The Superintendents gave in their reports of the condition of their 
respective schools, the average attendance, the manner of conducting 
the schools and their mode of raising funds. A number of Teachers 
also participated in giving expression to tlieir feelings npon the sub- 
ject, all of which was remarkably interesting, abundantly showing the 
necessity of additional effort on the part of parents and the adult 
portion of the community, to render this institution a powerful auxili- 
ary in the great work of the last days. The following were some of 
the leading items suggested : 

Graded catechisms on the Bible, Book of Mormon, Church histor3', 
etc., adapted to the capacity of the scholars. 

Classes should be classified as far as possible. 

Punctuality in attendance. 

Parents should assist their ehUdren to supply the necessary funds, 
and should exert their inSuencc in encouraging adults to become 
teachers. 

The Superintendents should attend these meetings regularly, by 
way of example to the Teachers, and if not able to be present, they 
should, without fail, appoint a representative to attend. 

Elder George Q. Cannon expressed his gratifiration that the breth- 
ren connected with the Sabbath schools had manifested a wish to have 
a more thorough organization, and said he was satislied that if there 
were regular monthly meetings held for the consideration of tlie l)est 
means of improving and elevating the condition of the children of the 
Saints, a most excellent work would be accomplished. Ue urged the 
necessity of greater effort to enlist the attention of the young men and 
women ; sUL'irested that, in future meetings, all who had any ideas for 
Improvement should put them on paper, and make them as concise 
as possible, and thus time would l>c economized. lie bcHevcd that 
these meetings would undou'itedly result in greater uniformity iu the 
eehool cxereises, and render them very attractive. Tie suggested the 
wisdom of forming classes to read the Book of Mormon in the 
Ucseret alphabet, as it was the wish of President Young that a know- 
ledge of these characters sliould be extended among the Saints. He 
suggested that all the children's names should lie recorded, that they 
should lie visited when atisenting themselves from school, that a sys- 
tematic and persistent effort should lie made to get all the young 
people to attend, and when children were found playing in the streets 
on the Satjt^ith, diligent inquiry should tie made after them. lie 
trusted there would be no flagging in the interest of this movement, 
that a spirit and influence might go forth favorable to .Sabbath schools, 
and give moral support to the Bishops in their efforts to sustain 
them. He t>clicved that a certain portion of Rcri|)ture should be read 
every Sunday, and lessons given in the Bililc and Book of Mormon, 
and these lessons should besystcmalie, as far as possible; if there was 




a preference, he would give it in favor of the Book of Mormon, as 
there was a spirit and influence about it very desirable, and the 
teachings contained therein were very comforting. 

He liked the idea of getting up a simpler catechism than the one 
now in use, thought it might be done with advantage, and If any of 
the brethren would get up one, he should be pleased to take time to 
revise it. He would endeavor also to get forms, so that uniform 
statistics as to the condition of the Sunday schools throughout the 
city and Territory might be had. 

Elder Levi AV. Richards was appointed a committee to get up a 
suitable register for Sabbath schools. 

Our next meeting will be held at the City Hall, on the first Monday 
in September, at half past 7 p.m. 

Your brother iu the gospel, 

John B. Maiben. 



tlutth fji)i$%t%. 



TKCE 



ifooxjIsh: 



TIT^IE^vE- 



A harebell hung its wilful head : 
"I am tired, so tired! I wish I w.as dead!" 

She hung her head in the mossy dell ; 
"If all were over, then all were well." 

The wind he heard, and was pitiful; 
He waved her about to make her cool. 

"Wind, you are rough," said the dainty bell; 
"Leave me alone — I am not well." 

And the wind at the voice of the drooping dame. 
Sank in his heart, and ceased for sliame. 

"I am hot, so hot!" she f ighcd and said ; 
"I am withering up; I wish I was dead." 

Then the sun, he pitied her pitiful ease. 
And drew a thick veil over his face. 

"Cloud, go away, and don't be rude; 
I am not — I don't see why 3-0U should." 

The cloud withdrew; .and the harebell cried, 
"I am fault, so faint! and no water beside!" 

And the dew came down in its millionfold path ; 
But she murmured, "I did not want a bath." 

A boy came by in the morning gray ; 

He plucked the harebell and throw it away. 

The harebell shivered, and cried, "Obi oh! 
I am faint, so faint! Come, dear wind. Wow." 

The wind blew softly, and did not speak. 

She thanlccd him kindlj', hut grew more weak. 

"Sun, dear sun, I am cold," slie said. 
He rose: but lower she dropped her head. 

"O rain, I am withering; all the blue 
Is fading out of me; — come, please do." 

The rain came down as fast as it could. 
But for all its will it did her no good. 

She shuddered and shrivelled, and moaning said : 
**Thank you all kiudly;" and then she was dead. 

Let us hope, let us hope, when she comes next year, 
She'll lie simple and sweet. But I fear, I fear. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum f2 50. 

«»- Grain brought to this City for the .Tuvknilr Instructor will be 
icccivcd at the olDct of our paper— Dksicket News Buildinqs. 



^. 



^^^^ 



