
THERE IS NO EXCELLEiSrCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 1, 1867. 



NO. 19. 



HUlt itcorgc* 



J^ur the Juvenile Instructor, 

little oeoroe and his new mistress. 

a teue story. 

[second part.] 

LITTLE GEORGE'S new mistress was a very nice, good 
naturei] looking lady. She seemed to be about thii-ty five 
or forty years of age, was well dressed, and portly. (The word 
"portly" means bulky, stouL) 

.She had come with her husband, the strange gentleman, who 
came to the big city every Saturday, bringing with him his 
week's work of little children's boots and shoes, which he made 
for the master of the fine large boot and shoe store, where 
little George's mistress was sitting when he first saw her. 

She had waited in the fine boot and shoe shop while the 
strange gentleman, lier hu.sband, wont to the poor house to find 
a boy to be an apprentice to him, to learn the boot and shoo 
trade. 

(An apprcntic-e means a boy or a girl bound to a master or 
to a mistress to learn a trade. The boy or girl agrees to stay 
with a mistress or master so many years, and the master or mi.s- 
tress agrees to teach the appi entice their trade or business. 
^Vhen little George becomes an apprentice I will thjn tell you 
how it was done. ) 

'When the strange gentleman returned, bringing with him 
little George, they appro.achcd her, as she was sitting in the fine 
shoe store, ami he said t^i her, in a kiml tone: 

"Now, my dear, I have brought you a little boy that I think 
3"ou will like, for the people at the i)Oor house all .said thej' were 
very wjrry to part with him, and some of them .shed tears when 
he left" 

She took little George by the hand, and took off his caji, 
looking at his fiiec to see whether she would like him or not. 
He turned up his big, iimouent, blue eyes to hers, as much as 
to say: "I like you, and 1 wish you would like inc." 

^VIlen she liad looked at Lis face, uho said to her husband, 
the strange gentleman: 

"lie has been <iyirig. " 

She could see the marks of tears upon his cheek that bad 
been wiped off upon liis jacket .sleeve. 

Little George did not know that he had any marks of tears 
on his cheek.s, and when hhe found out that In,, had been crying j 
be hung down liis Inad, and began to bite the end of a little ' 



cotton handkerchief which he wore around bis neck, for he did 
not wish her to know that he had been so foolish as to cry for 
nothing. She thought he bad been crying because he did not 
wish to go with her and her husband; but the latter assured 
her that ho had not been crying because he did not wish to go 
with them, but because he loved his poor house friends so 
much, that he could not help crying when he left them. 

She took out her pocket-handkerchief, and as well as she 
could, in the absence of water and soap, wiped away the tear 
marks from the little stranger's face, and planted a tender kiss 
upon his brow. 

That kiss became the seal of continued friendsbi]) between 
little George and his mistress, and in the future he did find her 
a true and tender friend. lie felt that he could go all over the 
world with her, that he would do every thing she told him to 
do, and that he would not grieve her feelings by being a bad 
boy, for all the halfpennies and pennies in the big city. 

She drew him nearer to her, and said in a soft tone: 

"Tell me your name." 

"Little George," he rei)lied. 

"Will you be my little boy; I have no little boys nor little 
girls of my own, and if you will be my little boy I shall be so 
glad." 

This was S]ioken with .such jiathos, (patlios means anything 
spoken with warm and earnest feeling,) I say, this was si)oki'n 
with .such Jiathos that it reached little George's lieart, and he 
threw his arras around her in token of his willingness to be her 
little boy, and she kissed him again. 

Just then a big, portly man, with a white apron on, was jias- 
sing by the door of the fine store, singing in a coarse voice, 

"Chel.sea buns, Chelsea Inuis, who'll buy my Chelsea buns; 
a pcimy a piece, pijiing hot Clicl.-;ca buns." 

Little Gecu'ge's mistress asked him if he would have a 
Chelsea bun. He was willing to have one, for he felt a little 
liungiy, .so she gave him a penny, and he rati after the man and 
bought a nice, hot Chelsea bun. As soon as he gave the nian 
the pemiy, the man shouted out, 

"Sold again to a little gentleman." 

George Has delighted, for he felt that he was a genllem;in, 
and with great glee he ran to his mistress with the pijiing hot 
Chelsea-bun, and told her that the Chel.sea bun man called him 
a little gentleman. 

All this took jilaci! while the strange gciitlewan was doing 
business with the man of thc^ line stori?. 

The time eaiiK! for tb.'in to leave the fine store to go to their 
home. Little (joorge clung to his mistress's band, and cared 
not where he went, or what kind of a liomi' In: was going to live 
in if lie must only be near his dear, kind mistress. His nature 
craved for loving kindness, n kind W(ud or action always won 
this simple chilil of nature. He never failed to know and to 






^^. 



•fe^ 




6^, 146 




J- TJ "^^^ E isr I H. E IISrSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



listen to the voice of love; this voice always drew him towards 
it; it alwaj's held him in obedience to its wishes, and I think all 
little boj's and girls feel a good deal like little George did. 

It was now evening, and thej' had a long way to travel, that 
is about two miles, which is considered a long way in that big 
city — they had two miles to travel before they reached home. 
Little George trotted along beside his new mistress, eating the 
last bit of his Chelsea bun, cjuite contented and borrowing no 
further trouble. After a brisk walk they reached their home, 
which was situated in the suburbs, or on the outside of the big 
city, away from the great streets where no green grass can be 
seen, but near to little George's new home there were green 
fields and green hawthorn hedges, and gardens of fruit trees 
which were all then in blossom, sending out rich perfume with 
which the air was laden. 

He is now inside his new home, seated at a table with his 
kind master and mistress, eating for his supper a bowl of bread 
and milk. He had not become used to his new circumstances 
yet, and felt a little strange. His mistress made him a clean 
little bed in a corner up stair-s, from his mind a.scended a thank- 
ful thought to heaven, and he was soon lost in the quiet rest of 
peaceful slumbers. Unci.E George. 



L I IP E OIF C3- E O I?. C3- E 
STIEIPHIIBItq-SOiT. 



Taken from a little u-ork—TiiK Rocket— piiblislied by the 
American Tract Society. 



CHAPTER II. — MENDING AND -M AKI N G— LITTLE BOB. 



GEORGE was now twenty; .sober, ftiithful and expert. 
Finding a little spare time on his hands, he took to 
cobbling to increase his gains, and from this source contrived to 
save his first guinea. To this greater diligence he was urged 
by his love for Fanny Henderson, a fine, sweet-tempered girl, 
whom he shortlj' married, and went to housekeeping in the 
upper room of a sma:ll cottage in Wellington, six miles from 
Newcastle. Happy were they in each other, and in their 
simple, industrious, and frugal habits; and when a little son 
was born to them, George, who loved birds, rabbits, and dogs 
so well, welcomed with all the tenderness of a father's heart 
the little Bobby. 

Robert he was named, for the old fireman his grandfather. 

Accidents they .say will happen in the best regulated families. 
Funny's family was not an exception. One day the cottage 
chimney got on fire, and the neighbors, with friendly zeal, not 
only poured water enough down the chimney to put out a much 
bigger and more alarming fire, but enough to deluge the poor 
little home of the brakeman with .soot and water, making a 
pitilul sight to the young husband wlien he reached it. His 
eight-day clock, the choicest bit of furniture the young couple 
had, was complctel}' smothered by ashes. What was to be 
done? Sending it to a clock-maker for repairs was quite out of 
the question — it would cost too much. 

'•I'll trj- my own hand at it," said George. After righting 
everj-thing else, he attacked the clock, took it to pieces, care- 
fully cleaned it, put it together, set it, and it ticked, ticking on 
as faithfully and soberly as ever. The astoni.shed neighbors 
sent him their clocks, and George became one of the most 
famous clock doctors thereabouts. 

The young man's reimtation for business soon won him a 
situation in Killinu'worth, the best and largest colliery in the 
region. But his brightened worldly prospects were soon 
clouded by a dark sorrow — the death of his young wife, after i 
three happy years of married life. Poor George felt it deeply, ! 



which was perhaps one reason for accepting a situation in 
Scotland, hoping in a change of scene to change the mournful 
current of his thoughts. 

Leaving his little boy in kind hands, he set off to the nort" 
with his pack on his back, afoot and alone, for INIontrose, a lonir 
journey in those d.iys. Good wages he received, and good 
friends he no doubt made, for every body loved his honest and 
generous character; yet by the end of the year he yearned to 
get back to the friends and scenes of his early days. It was 
not home in Scotland, for it is only home whore the heart i.s. 
With his savings in his pocket, twenty-eight pounds, back he 
trudged to Killingworth; and not before his friendly presence 
was greatly needed to comfort his aged parents, plunged in debt 
and aflliction. By a terrible accident, his father lost his eye- 
sight. No longer able to work, and receiving little or no help 
from his other children, who were barely able to maintain them- 
selves, the old couple had a hard battle with life. But George 
is back again; all will be righted. He paid off their debts, and 
moved them to comfortable lodgings beside his own. He has 
father, mother, and Bobby to look after, and is thankful and 
happy in doing it. 

Those were dark days, however, for the working-man of 
England. War was draining the country of men and money. 
Taxes were high, wages low, bread scarce, and able-bodied men 
were liable at any time to be impressed for the army or naval 
service. George himself was drawn, and go he must or find a 
substitute; he found one, but it co.st ail he had to hire him. 

Poor George was in straits. His spirits were much damped 
by the prosjiect of things around and before him. All business 
was in a discouraging condition. Some of liis friends were 
about emigrating to America, and he, at one time, nearly con- 
cluded to join them. It was a sore trial to the young man. He 
loved his English home; and bitter tears did he in secret .shed 
as he visited old haunts, the fields and lanes and scenes of his 
boyhood, feeling and fearing that all too soon the wide Atlantic 
might roll between him and them. But the necessary funds for 
such an enterprise were not forthcoiuing. George gave it up 
therefore, and went to work for what wages the times would 
allow. Better times would come. 

The thing nearest his heart was affording his little son an 
education. Keenly alive to his own early deficiencies and dis- 
advantages, he determined to make them up in Robert. Every 
spare moment was of two-fold value to him; and all the work 
ho could pick up he cheerfully did. Besides tinkering old clocks, 
and cobbling old shoes, he took to cutting out the pit-men's 
clothes. Never was there such a fit! for George acted fully up 
to the principle that everything which was worth doing, was 
worth doing well. 

Busy as were his hands, his mind was no less busy, catching 
up and using every scraj) of knowledge which came in his way. 
And it was a perpetual surpri.^e to his fellow-workmen to see 
what a knack he had at bettering things. Every thing im- 
proved in his hands. There was .always jirogress on his track. 
A new pit was opened at one of the collieries. Streams of 
water rushed in, which the most vigorous strokes of the pump 
could not lower. On the engine went, pumping, pumping, 
pumping, for a year, and the water continued to flow in, until 
they nearly concluded to give up the pit as a failure. George's 
curiosity and interest were nmch excited, and always, on seeing 
the men, he asked how matters were coming on. 

'Drowned out, drowned out," was the one and the same 
answer. 

Over he went to the poor iiit, as often as he could, to see for 
himself, and over he turned in his mind again and again the 
whys and wherefores of the failure. 

''Weel, George," said liis fiicnd Kit, one day, "what do you 
mak o' her? Do you think yiju could docter hei?' ' 



fe>f3- 




5' 



0" TJ "v E 3^ I L E i:n"sti^.tjotoi^. 




"Man," answered George, "in a week's time I could send 
you to the bottom." 

The regular engineers were in high dudgeon with the forth- 
putting brakeman. What right had lie to know how to cure an 
evil that had baiBed them? His words, however, were reported 
at headquarters, and the contractor was not long hastening over 
to see if he could make his words good. 

"Well, George," he said, "they tell me you think you cau 
put that engine to rights." 

"Yes, sir,"rephed the j'oung man, modestly, "I think I can." 

As matters could be no worse, IMr. Dodds was ready to let 
him try. And George agreed to, on condition that he should 
choose his own men to help him. The old hands were highly 
indignant, but there was no help for it. So they were ordered 
off, and George with his gang went on. 

The engine was taken to pieces, examined, righted, and put 
together again. It was set to work. Did it go? Blauy a 
looker-on shook his head doubtfully, and prophesied in his 
inmost heart, "Ao go." It pumped andi^umped. The obsti- 
nate water found it had au antagonist that could master it. In 
less than two days it disappeared from the pit, and workmen 
were sent to the bottom. Who could gainsay George's skill? 

Mr. Dodds, of course, was delighted. Over and above his 
wages, he put a ten-pound note into the young man's hand, and 
engaged him to superintend his works for the future. 

A profitable jolj was this. 

The fame of this engineering exploit spread far and wide. 

As an engine doctor he took the lead, and many a wheezy old 

thing was brought him to cure. Envious engineers tried to put 

him down. But real merit cannot bo put down. It is stern 

stuff. 

To be Continued. 



For the Juvenile Instruetor. 

IiISTO:E?.3r OIF CTESXJS 



CHAPTER IV. 



AFTER Jesus had sent forth the Twelve Apostles to preach, 
he called others of his disciples by Seventies and sent 
them also. 

The word disciple means scholar, student or follower, and 
Jesus had many who followed him, some through curiosity to 
see the wonderful things that he performed, and others to listen 
to his teachings and to treasure up the words of wisdom and 
kindnees that flowed from his lips. He not only taught the 
things of eternal life, but also taught them how to conduct 
themselves in all the relations of this life, and even told them 
how they should do when invited to feasts — that they should 
not take tlie best seats they saw, but wait till they were asked 
to go up higher. The Pharisees were too proud to teach peo- 
ple the most useful things; they were beneath their notice. 

It was very strange in the eyes of the great ones, that he 
who professed to be the Son of God, shoidd associate with com- 
mon people, and bless the poor and the humble, by hoa\jng the 
sick and in administering to their comfort; and niuny times 
groat excitement prevailed throughout the country, and thou- 
Bands of people gathered around Jesus. 

One time he was in a desert place, and the multitude that 
came to him was very great, and night approaching, his disci- 
ples requested him to send the people away, that they iiiiglit go 
to the villages and Ijuy themselves food. But Jesus said they 
need not depart: and he told his di.scii)le.s to bring him wliat 
food they had, which was only five loaves of bread and two 
fishes. He then commanded the people all to sit down on the 
grass, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and break the 



loaves and fishes, and gave to his disciples, and they to the 
multitude; and they all ate and were satisfied, and took up 
twelve baskets full of fragments that remained. Those that 
had eaten were about five thousand men besides many women 
and children. 

After that, he went into the land of Gennesaret: and when 
the men of that place knew of his coming, they sent into all 
the country, and brought to him all that had diseases of any 
kind, and besought him that they might only touch the hem of 
his garment: and as many as did so, were perfectly healed. 

There was to be a wedding in Cana of Gallilee, and Jesus, 
his mother and a number of his disciples were invited to attend. 
Those who made the wedding feast, failed of having sufficient 
wine to supply the guests during the entertainment. It would 
seem impossible that they should have been deceived in the 
number of their guests; for in that country it was the custom 
for those who made weddings, to provide and furnish every 
guest with a wedding garment, and no one could attend without 
being invited, and not be discovered. But however it was, the 
wine gave out, and the mother of Jesus, went to him saying 
"the wine is out." And she ordered the servants of the house, 
to do whatever he required. He saw six waterpota standing 
there, each holding two or three firkins: (a firkin is nine 
gallons) and he told the servants to fill the waterpots with 
water; and they did so: he then commanded them to draw out, 
and when they took the wine to the master of the feast, he 
pronounced it better than the other, saying, the last is the best, 
not knowing how the servants obtained it. 

Thus it was wherever Jesus went, if the people would receive 
him, he was constantly doing good. But alas! many people, 
and nearly all who professed to be teachers — the Scribes and 
Pharisees, were too proud and too wicked to receive the truth, 
and they would not receive him as the Son of God, the Savior 
of the world; and, as strange as it may seem, they told all kinds 
of falsehoods about him, and sought, not only to lessen his 
influence with the people, but to destroy him. 

And so it has been in every age of the world, and it is so 
now: when the Lord raises up prophets, through whom He can 
speak and bless and save mankind from approaching calamities; 
those who profess to have the most knowledge, are the most 
bitter persecutors. In the Bible, Jesus is frequently called the 
Son of man, which is an unmeaning expression, through mis- 
translation. The name of God in the pure language is Ahman, 
and Jesus, in that language is called Son Ahman, and from this 
the appellation of Sou of man originated. E. 11. S. 



Come to me, ye children, 

And whisper in my ear 
What the birds and the winds are singing 

In your sunny atmosjihere. 

For what are all our contrivings, 
And the wisdom of our books, 

When compared to your caresses, 
And the gladness of your looks? 

Ye are better than all the ballads 

That ever were sung or said: 
For ye are living poems. 

And all the rest are dead. 



Citll.nnEN are very apt to think that beautiful clothes make 
beautiful persons, and that they should be very fine children, 
and very hajipy, too, were they splendidly attired. This is a 
sad mistake. It is not the fine dress that makes the person 
beautiful, but the beautiful person that makes the dress, what- 
ever it may be made of, seem beautiful, too. 




JTJ^En^ILE in^STI^TJCTOI?/ 



®t!c Sufiottllc ittslruclur. 






i 



w 
^ 



I^rHTOR. 



GEOKGE Q. OAlVISOiV, 

OCTOBER 1, isr,7. 




II! it is so easj' to sec the faults of otlievs, 
to see wliere thc3' couie short of perfec- 
tion! We c!in sit down and call over name 
after name, and tell wliere this one fails, 
and where the other one does not do as 
well as he might, and point out great im- 
perfections in the conduct of each. 

Children, do j"ou ever talk together 
ahout your playmates, and expose their 
faults to your listeners? Do you hold up 
their actions in a bad light? If you do, it is 
very wrong. This is a habit with some grown 
people; they commence it in childhood, and they 
continue its practice until it is fastened upon 
tliom. It is much easier to look upon others 
and detect their faults and tell how they could do 
better, than it is to see om'selves and correct our own 
failings. 
The prophet ^Moroni, who closed the records from 
which the Book of Mormon was translated, and hid them in 
the earth, felt that the writings of him.self and his fathers were 
very weak. He t<jld the Lord that He had made their words 
powerful and great, and they could not write them; therefore, 
when they wrote they beheld their weakness, and he feared that 
the Gentiles would mock at their words. When he had said 
this, the Lord said luito him: Fools mock, but tliey shall mourn. 
He told Moroni that if men would come unto him, He would 
show unto them their weakness. He said, He gave unto men 
weakness that they might be humble. 

Now, children, instead of finding fault with others, try and 
learn what ynur own faults arc. "But," you a.sk, "how can we 
learn?" Tlie Lord told Moroni how people could learn such 
things. If they would come unto Ilim, he would show unto 
them their weakness. This is the proper course for you all 
to take. Go unto the Lord and ask Hint to show unto you 
your weaknesses and faults. He will do so, if you ask in faith, 
and when you see them .vou will be apt to be humble. It is far 
better to know your own faults and weaknesses than those of 
your companions. You cannot correct their faults. They must 
do that. But you can correct your own. 

Would you not think a man, who had a garden of his own 
to weed, very foolish if ho neglected it and spent all his time 
in pointing at the weeds in his neighbor's lot? This is what 
many people do. Full of imperfections themselves they never 
notice them but look at their neighbors'. Children, such a 
cotirse is foolish. 




"ll^l'I hope our friends will excuse the absence of an engraving 
y T in the present number. \\^e have ordered engravings 
which we expect to receive when Brothers Brigham, jr. and 
John W. Young arrive. We would mucli i)ref'er issuing one 
engraving at least in each number of the Inktritotor; but at 
luesent we have either to issue without any, or defer publish- 
ing for two or throe weeks. We think that our readers would 
rather have their papers at the time they ought to appear, even 
if thi-y contain no illustration, than to wait. 
Tlie harvest season is pasS'.d, and the present is a very suit- 



able time to pay up the subscriptions on the Juvenile In- 
structor. We are very much in need of the funds which are 
due; and we trust tliat our agents and friends will give this 
business a little attention. It is but a small affair for each sub- 
scriber, and a little promptness on their part will enable us to 
meet pressing engagements. In this comtection we desire to 
tender our acknowledgements to our Agents for the prompt 
manner in which they have responded to our calls. Their 
actions have shown, much more forcibly than words could do, the 
interest they feel in this publication. 




INSEKTKD IN NUMBER 17, NOW KB-INSERTKD WITH THEIR 
ANSWERS. 

81. Wlint was sworn by one of the moMiers who started to 
luilependnnee to raise an army suliicient to meet Juscph and 
the Camp of Zion? 

"The eagles and turkey buzzards shall cat my tlcsh. if I do 
not fix Joe (Smith and*liis army, so that their skins will not hold 
shucks, Ijefore two days are passed." 

82. What happened to him immediately after? 

His Ixjat sank; he floated down the river some miles, and 
lodged upon a pile of drift wood; and there the eagles, buz- 
zards, and other birds ate the flesh olf his lioncs. 

8:;. How were the brethren in the t'anip prevented from 
meeting their brethren in Clay county on the day they desired 
to do so? And where did they canij)? 

God interfered, by accidents of \"arious kinds occurring. On 
an elevated piece of land between the Little and Big Fishing 
rivers. 

84. What followed that evening? 

An awful storm of wind, rain and hail, accompanied by 
thunder and lightning. 

8.5. How- did many of the mob feel, and what did they do? 

Tliey felt that God was fighting for the Saints; and one of 
their number being killed by lightning, the rest returned home. 

815. What occurred in the Camp on the 21st and night of the 
24th of June, in fulfillment of prophecy? 

The cholera broke forth in Camp. 

87. How many sutl'ered, and how many died from the visita- 
tion? 

About sixty-eight suffered, of whom fourteen died. 

88. What did Joseph counsel the brethren of the Camp to do, 
after ho received a revelation on Fishing river? 

To separate into small bauds, and disperse among the breth- 
ren in the vicinity. 

811. Wh(>re did he afterwards meet a considerable number of 
the Camp? 

At layman Wight's. 

90. What did he then tell them? And what was the result? 

If they would humble themselves before the Lord, and 
covenant to keep His commandments, and obey his counsel, 
tlie plague should be stayed: they did so, and the plague was 
staved. 



BIBLE Q, TJin s T I o nsr s 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



1. What were the last words of Jesns? 

2. Upon what island was St. I'aul east when he was ship- 
wreilved? 

15. Who succeeded David to the throne of Israel. 
4. What prophet slew Agag when spared by Waul? 
."). Who was the father of Zebedee's children? 

6. In whose days did the ton and half tribes revolt fi-om tho 
rule of the descendants of David? 

7. What king of I.srael killed himself when defealed in liattle 
by the Philistines? 

8. \\'hat noted prophet lived in the days of king Ahab? 



Don't always be telling what you are going to do. Do some- 
thing that will speak for you. 





0" TJ ^ E 1<TI I_. IE ID^STI^TJGTOK/ 



^ntU irP0goi^|i'0 Whit 



»^t 



For the Juvenile Instmctor. 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 

[CONTINUED.] 

ELDER R. and the girls left the terrace, and walking down 
one of the paths came to a large building, called the 
monkey house. They entered, and here in large cages were 
monkeys of every description. The visitors in the house were 
amusing themselves by feeding the monkeys with nuts, for 
whicli they were very greedy. Snatching nut after nut from 
the hands of the visitors, they put them in their mouths and 
stored them in a pouch at the back of their mouths, chattering 
and grinning all the while. When they had obtained all they 
could they retired into a corner and commenced to crack and 
eat them. One of the visitors happened to point at a large ape 
with her parasol, when, quick as thought, the ape snatched the 
parasol out of her hand and away he ran with it to the top of 
the cage, pursued by the other monkeys chattering and scream- 
ing, eager also to obtain the prize. The monkeys in the other 
cages, seeing the race and hearing the din, flew to the front of 
their cages. They wanted to join in the chase; but they were 
prevented by the partitions. They made a fearful noise. The 
keeper, who happened to be in the room reading a nowsijaper, 
arose, and taking a stout stick in his hand, went into the cage 
and compelled Mr. Ape to give up the coveted prize. He 
reprimanded the young lady for her carelessness, for it was 
forbidden that any one should point at the animals with sticks 
or jiarasols. The young lady blushed, thanked the keeper for 
restoring her parasol, and left the building. 

"See," said Elder R. to the girls, "the result of disobedience 
and carelessness. This simple circumstance is an evidence that 
there is always safety in the path of counsel. Had that young 
lady taken heed of the instruction, not to point at the animaks, 
her iiarasol would not have been spoiled, and she would have 
been spared the humiliation of the reprimand from the keeper. 
Let me advise you, my little friends, to always be obedient to 
your parents and to the laws of nature as they are made known 
to you, and you will enjoy much happiness. But what do you 
think of the monkeys?" 

"1 think they are very dirty, greedy animals," said Mary. 

"Would you like to have one for a pet?" asked Elder R. 

"No, sir;" replied Mary. 

"Would you believe that any human beings could worship 
these animals?" said Elder R., "you remember I told you that 
in India they believe in transmigration of souls. When the 
British forces under General Goddart, in 17«0, took one of the 
principal cities, he found it contained as many monkeys as 
inhabitants. Animals of this race have been worshiped as 
gods, and temples have been built and Immau beings sacrificed 
to them. Such is the dreadful ignorance that men have fallen 
into who have rejected the wisdom that our Heavenly Father 
has sent to them by his seiTants. It is stated that on the island 
of Ceylon there was one of these monkey palaces. It was 
lilunderud by the Portuguese. They found in it a gold casket 
containing the t0(jth of an ape, and the inhabitants offered 
them 7UU,(W(J ducats to reedeem it, so great was tiieir venera- 
tion for it; but it was burned by order of the vict^roy. Now 
come with me and I will show you the Orang Outang, a large 
kind of monkey." 

Tliey lelt the monkey house, and walked to a high building, 
and liere were two sjiecimens of the Giialie IVom Africa. 




"This," said Elder R., "is the tallest an'nial we know of; it 
is very swift of foot, and very tame." They entered the house, 
and in one corner was the Orang Outang from the island of 
Borneo, which had been brought over and presented to the 
gardens by a sea captain. The Orang Outang was about four 
feet high, with long arms; his body was covered with dun 
colored hair; he appeared to be quite tame and on very good 
terms with his keeper, who was about to give him his supper. 
He had a table and chair to sit in, and sat up to his table and 
eat an egg, dipping pieces of bread into his egg and eating 
them like an old gentleman. The girls were very much amused 
at this droll sight. 

"What do they eat in their own countrv?" asked Mary. 

"Fruit and nuts," replied Elder R. "They arc very power- 
ful, and can seldom be caught when they are old. To bring 
them to this country they have to be taken when they are 
young. JNow let us visit the Elephant. Would you like to 
ride on his back." 

"I am afraid I should fall off," said Ellen. 

"Oh, no fear," said Elder R., "it is like sitting in an easy 
chair." 

They strolled over to the Elephant house; 1-ut the Elephant 
was out, and on leaving the house they saw him coming down 
the path. On his back was placed a large easy seat; on this 
the keeper and several visitors were seated. When he came 
in front of his house, at the direction of his keeper, he went 
down on his knees, and the visitors, mostly yoimg people, dis- 
mounted. Mary and Ellen stepped forward, and were soon 
seated on the back of the Elej)hant, who arose to his feet and 
commenced walking down the path. The visitors gave him 
cakes and apples, which he received in his trunk and trans- 
ferred to his mouth. The girls greatly enjoyed the ride on the 
Elephant's back, for they were beginning to be tired walking 
about so much. The ride finished, the Elephant knelt down 
for them to dismount, and the girls retired home with Elder 
R. , highly pleased with their treat. 

To be Continued. 



-A. 



1= I L Hi O AA7" . 



T "S E 



HOW pleasant it is when night comes, and we are weary, to 
lay our heads on a soft pillow and go sweetly to sleep. 
But, it often happens that our pillow contains a thorn. I have 
just read in a jjaper abovit a child who found a thorn in her 
pillow; and it hmt her very much. Shall I tell you about it? 
Well, here is the story; — 

A little girl went to visit her grandmother, who lived at some 
distance from her mother and father's home. Slie seemed 
hai^iiy all day, for she had everything to make her hajipy; but 
when her grandmother went to look at her alter she was asleep, 
she saw tear-drops on her eyelashes. • 

"Ah," said the old lady, the next morning, "you were a little 
home-sick last night, my dear." 

"Oh, no, grandmother," Jlabcl replied, "I could never bo 
homesick here. 

It was just so tlie next night, and the next; at length grand- 
mother thought, as the child seemed troulili^d, that she would 
sit in the next room until she went to sleep. Presently, 
altliough Mabel was tucked up, she began to rustle the (|uilt 
and shake her pillow, and her grandmother heard a little sob, 
so she went to her and said; 

"Mabel, my child, you iiavc a thorn in y<iur pilluw; what 
is it?" 

Then the little girl hid her face and began to cry aloud. Her 
grandmother was very nmch troubled. At length Mal)cl 
answered, 



i^^^- 




' 150 



0" TJ "V^ E 3Sr I L E! in^STI^TJCTOl^. 



"0, grandmother, Tvben I am alone here I cannot forget how 
I said, 'I won't, mother,' and I cannot unsay it; and mother is 
good, and loves me so much, and — I was so naught^-!" 

And the tears streamed afresh down the child's cheeks. Here 
then, was the thorn in her pillow, and she could not vithdraw 
it. And so it will be, by and by, with the little boy who is 
selfish and unkind at home now. When he is away among 
strangers he will think of the home of his childhood, and the 
recollection of some unkind word or action will be a thorn in 
his pillow when he retires at night. And the little girl who 
does not care to help her mother now, will find a thorn in her 
pillow when that mother sleeps in the grave. 



Xj I T T L IE 



For the Juvetiile Inslriictor. 



A' 



[COXCLVllED.] 

BOUT this time Edward JMilnes and Henry Guerdon, 
missionaries of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, visited Willie's native town. They looked around but 
could see no familiar face, nor hear a friendly voice. They 
went along one of the back streets which led to a large woolen 
factory. Away high up, on the side of this factory they saw 
the words ''Provi<li-nce Mills." The words attracted their 
attention and they felt strongly impressed to go inside, and see 
if Providence wouW open up their way. And sure enough 
God did open their way; for when they got inside one of the 
over-lookers seemed as though he wanted to talk to them, and 
finally came to them and asked them if they were preachers. 
They told him that they were. I am glad of that said the man, 
and continued he, I am one of a small congregation who have 
left the "Methodist New Connexion Church." We meet 
together every Sabbath, worship God as well as we know how, 
and pray that he will send us the Pure Goxjyl. It is my turn 
to preach on ne.^t Sabbath. Will you be so kind as to preach 
for me? The elders told him that thej- would feel verj' happy 
in doing so. 

After an agreeable conversation they left the factory. As 
they walked back along the street they thanked God for this 
proof that He watched over them, and that He had guided their 
.steps to "Providence Mills." And they also prayed, that on 
the coming Sabbath, God would give them a large portion of 
his spirit so that they would be able to preach the pure testi- 
mony of Jesus to the peojile, to the convincing of the honest- 
in-hcart. 

Sabbath morning dawned, and ten o'clock found the elders 
.seated in a snug little school room surrounded by an intelligent 
looking congregation, who were an.Kiously waiting to hear them 
jireach. The meeting was opened, the elders were introduced, 
and thoy told the people tli,at an angel had ciime from heaven 
and restored the everlasting gospel, — that all who would believe 
tlieir word, repent of their sins and be kaptized for the remis- 
sion of them, have hands laid upon them that they might 
receive the Holy Gliost, and then continue to live by every 
Word that should come from the moutli of (jod that they sliouid 
be saved, and receive a testimony that they liad preached the 
truth to them. 

This plain, simple preaching filled the hearts of the people 
with joy, and some spoke aloud and said, "This is the iiure 
g.ispel. God has answered onr prajers. " When the elders 
liad done preaching they asked the people if any of them 
wished to be baptized. Six of tlie princii)al men in the congre- 
gation then stood up and .said that they were ready at any 
time. One of Willie's uncles was among the sis. And .soon 
after Willie's father and mother went to hear the elders preach. 
AVillie's lather said, "I believe these men jireach the same 



gosi.el that Jesus and his apostles preached". Willie's mother 
thought so too, and they agreed that it was theii- duty to go 
and be baptized, which they did. 

After this Willie went with his father to meeting every 
Sunday, and he was very fond of hearing the elders preach. 
Sometimes he would go to some lonely place where he could 
kneel down and pray, and have no one to .see him, and then he 
would ask God in the name of Jesus Chribt to help him become 
a good and useful man. "\\ . W. B. 



THE T H TJ nST ID E K. 



"\T/'Hy, Euthie dear, what is the matter!" exclaimed 
TT Grandma Tracy, as Ruth burst into her room, one 
afternoon in summer, with her sun-bonnet hanging off behind 
and her hair blown all over her face, as if she had been 
ninning. 

"0, grandma!" said Euth, as soon as she could get her 
breath, "such a great black cloud is coming up from the west, 
and the teacher said we must hurry, so as to reach home before 
the shower. There! it is thundering now. Don't you hear it? 
I knew I couldn't get home before it rained, and I thought I 
would come in here and stay until the shower was over. I may 
stay, mayn't I, grandma?" 

"Certainly, dear; and I'll get supper right away, and you 
shall eat with me at the little round table you like .so well." 

"Oh, please don't get up, grandma?" implored Euthie. "I 
want to sit on the cricket beside you, lay my head in your lap 
and cover up my ej-es .so that I shall not see the lightning. 
Oh, wasn't that a dreadfiJ flash!" and poor, frightened little 
Euthie laid her head in her kind grandma's lap, while the dear 
old lady smoothed her hair and patted her .soothingly. 

"Well then, dear," said she, "I will sit still if you would 
like it better." 

"That's a dear, good grandma," said Euthie. "I wish I 
wasn't afraid in a thunder shower. Don't 3-ou feel a single bit 
afraid?" 

"Xo, dear Euthie, I love to see the lightning dart from tho 
black clouds, and to hear the rolling of the thunder. I know 
that the same good Father in heaven who gives us the sunshine 
sends also the storm, and I can trust myself in his hand. 'I 
will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God, 
in him will I trust.' " 

"What a comfort the Bible is to you, grandma! You always 
have something sweet to say from it. But weren't you ever 
afraid when you were a little girl?" 

"Oh yes. I remember when I used to feel in a thunder 
shower much as you do now, but I .shall never forget the time 
when I lost all my fear. It was one day, a great many years 
ago, when I was not much older than you are now. My father 
and mother had gone away several miles from home, expecting 
to return about sun.set." 

"Did they leave j-ou alone?" 

"Yes; but I had a great deal to do, so that T was not lonely." 

"What could a little girl like you do?" interrupted Euihie. 

"I had been taught to do a great many things," answered 
grandma. "I had the dishes to wash and put away, the house 
to sweep and tidy uji, the pigs and chickens to feed, and many 
other things to do that 1 cannot remember now. When it was 
almost sunset I began to get supper." 

"Could you cook, grandma?" 

"Yes. I could make fire-cakes, and quite a number of other 
thing.s." 

"What in the world is a fire-cake?" 

"A short-cake baked by the fire. Tliere were no stoves in 



i53^' 



CTTj^EnsriLE i:n-sti?.tjotoi?., 



those days, and we used to bake cakes by the coals, setting the 
tin upright, and keeping it from falling by placing a flat-iron 
behind it." 

'"How funny!" laughed Ruthie. "Did j-ou make a fire-cake 
that night?' ' 

"Yes; and after I had put it to baking I set the table as 
n'cely as I could, so as to have supi.er all ready when my father 
and mother should come. Then I went to the door to watch 
for them. While standing there I found that it was growing 
dark very fast, and on looking up I found that the sky was 
covered witli clouds, 

"By and by it began to thunder and lighten, and soon the 
rain fell in torrents. I shut the door and wetit and sat down 
beside the lounge and covered up my eyes. It seemed to me 
that I had never before heard such heavy thunder; every clap 
seemed to shake the house, while the sky seemed in one blaze 
of lightning. How lonely I was! 'Oh, if I only had some one 
to speak to!' I said to myself. Then something seemed to 
whisper, 'Speak to God.' I knelt, and in my simple way I 
asked God to take care of me, and keep me from harm. 

" 'May I be so sure, dear Lord,' I prayed, 'that thou wilt 
keep me safe, that I shall never feel afraid again.' When I 
arose from my knees, the thunder still rolled and the lightning 
flashed, but all fear and loneliness were gone. I felt that God 
h.id heard my prayer, and that I was safe in his hand. Tears 
of love filled my eyes. Many sweet words from the Bible came 
into my mind, and I understood them as I never had done 
before. Again and again I repeated 'I will fear no evil, for 
Thou art with me!' 

"I have, since that time, Ruthie, never known what fear 
was. I always feel so sure that the 'everlasting arms' are 
underneath me that I cannot be afraid any more than can the 
little babe folded close to its mother's breast, for does not the 
Ijord love us and care for us even as a tender mother." 

"0, grandma," said Ruthie, "how much I thank 3'ou for 
your sweet story! I do not think I shall ever be afiaid in a 
thunder shower again." 

"I hope you never will," said the good grandma. "But see, 
Ruthie dear, while we have been talking the clouds have scat- 
tered, and the west is bright with the sunset. Let us go and 
see if there is not a rainbow." 

A rainbow there was, a beautiful one too, and grandma and 
Ruthie stood long at the door, gazing at it, while tlie little girl 
sang with a new, warm feeling in her heart, this beautiful song. 

"O, beautiful rainbow, all woven with light, 

There's not in thy tissue one shadow of night; 

It seems as heaven opened wlicn thou dost appear, 

As if a light vision of angels drew near 

And .sang, 'The rainbow! The rainbow! 

The smile of God ia here!' " 



Fdv the Juvenile Tnxiryirtor. 



IT is verj- ncces.sarj- in children and grown persons, to .speak 
so as to be understoo<l. The best time of life to commence 
to speak plain is in childiiood. Parents should endeavor to 
speak plain to their children in language clear and distinct. 
Simple words are understood by most people, — words of Saxon 
origin. Most of the hard words in the Knglish language are of 
Latin anil Greek parentage. 

Simple words, as, sun, moon, stars, day, night, month, year, 
bright, dark, watr.r, rain, snow, sleet, fine, coarse, truth, wis- 
dum, and many others are understood by most people, from 
infancy. Words like annual, nocturnal, opaipK', illuminated, 
avenue, [ascertained, pinnacles, semi-circular, and others are 




understood only by application, and sometimes by reference to 
a word-book or dictionary. 

A good style of language is found in Thomas L. Kane's dis- 
course delivered before the historical society of Pennsylvania in 
1850, entitled, "The Mormons;" also in "The departure of the 
Israelites from Egypt;" see MUlenial Star Vol. 13 and 14. 

To be able to clothe our ideas with simple and appropriate 
language, to express ourselves in words to be understood, and 
if we have views on matters and things to be able to express 
them to our friends or foes with force and power, be able to 
have them understood as we do our,selves, is worth time and 
labor. 

Never use words you do not understand, for often, those who 
use them, misapply them. Eulogize, commend, and praise 
mean the same thing; the latter word is generally understood 
from infancy. 

The Juvenile Instructor is vsritten in a plain and simjile 
style. This is the style for us to adopt. The "firet mission" 
of Elder W. Woodruff is written in a plain and simple style. 
The "Lord's Prayer" is simple and expressive, and is really 
"much in little." 

Plain speaking need not be vulgar and offensive, but it can be 
chaste and polite. Nice speaking in children has the sound of 
music on the ear, it cheers the hearers and makes harmony 
either in the school, the family circle, or the social walks of 
life. 

Let us all encourage good speaking, it is a part of our faith, 
it is an aocompli-shment we should patronize, a virtue we 
should cherish and something to be jirized. Wm. 






Listen to the squirrel, 
This is what he's saying: 

"Let me out, little boy, 
I am tired of staying 

In this narrow cage 
Wliile my mates are playing. 

"Don't you see the sunbeams 
Brighten all the river? 

Don't j'ou see the reods 
Along the margin quiver? 

Don't yon see the lilies 
In the west wind shiver? 

"Colored tufted mosses 
To the rocks are clinginfr, 

In the shady woods 
Where the birds are singing, 

Where the bobolink 
On tlio birch isswingiiiK. 

".Ml across the me.idow 
.See the dew-drops glisten! 

Hear the Wfn wind blowing! 
Ijittlo boy, just lisliMi! 

Ah, how can you keep mo 
When you look and listen! 

"Let me out, little boy, 
Let me out, I pray you; 

Bid mo hie to the woods; 
T will soon oi)oy you, 

And with 11 squirrc-l's love 
And gratitude repay you. 



S^5S-^' 



^^9 
'i!^i^ 



6^-:^ ~ 15S 



Cr TJ "^T E n^ 1 1_. E! II^STI^TJCTOI?/ 



E. E nyc E ivc B I?, jv int G E o if 

FJ^Si: IB E] 3Sr E IF I T s . 



I ONCE called on a neighbor, who was watering an old stump 
of a gerauiulu, wliieh seemed to give a very little promise 
of either green leaf or flower. "Neighbor," said I, "your 
labor will be lost." 

"Perhaps .so," said he; "but I can hardly part with my old 
tree, for all that. I cannot help calling to mind what it has 
been, and how often it has made my window look cheerf'iU with 
its fresh, green leaves, and its fine scarlet flowers." 

This reply silenced me, for I thought in my heart that my 
neighbor was right and I was wrong. It is a good sign to 
remember past advantages. 

I called on a friend, who was giving a mouthful of oats in a 
sieve to an old horse grazing in his field. 

"You may corn your horse," said I, "as much as you will, 
but it is not likely that he ever will be able to work again." 

"True," replied he; "but I have no wish to forget the work 
he has done for me. JIany a weary day has he been my com- 
panion, carrying me safely on his back, or drawing me in my 
gig; and while old Dinger lives, I hope never to grudge him a 
mouthful of grass or corn." 

"Eight," thought I, "and the feeling is a creditable one; but 
it is not always, nor often, that a poor brute falls into such good 
hands. I shall think the better of you for your humanity." 

I called on a relative, who was waited on by a very old ser- 
vant, who made sad blunders; indeed, the old man was very 
near blind, and very feeble. "Old Peter's day is over," said I; 
"sad blunders he makes, and sad blunders he will make, I'or 
his day is gone by." 

"I know it," replied my relative; "but if his day is gone by, 
mine is not, and while I live Peter shall have a home. He has 
been a good servant to me, and to my father before me, and 
right little do I expect from him now in the way of service. 
Peter, T say, has served me, and it is now my tui'u to serve 
Peter. " — iScln-tal. 



A NOBLE DOG. — A child only six years old was left in care 
of two younger children, while her mother, a poor woman, went 
to market. There was a fire on the hearth, and the child's 
mother told her to be watchful and not let her little brother or 
the baby go near it. Elizabeth had often been left with them 
before, and she tried to be very careful. 

This time, I am sony to relate, she was so unfortunate as to 
set her own clothes on fire. While standing too near the hearth, 
her dress touched the bm'ning coals, and caught on fire. In a 
few moments the smoke and flames were all around her. 

Screams of tjrror rang out in the air, startling the neigh- 
bors, who ran swiftly to the rescue. But, the first to enter the 
room was a small dog, which, the instant it heard the cry, 
darted in through a pane of glass, and before any one could 
reach the child was tearing oS' her blazing clothes with its teeth 
and paws. 

This very remarkable fact was told by Jlr. S. C. Ilall in a 
work on "Animal Sagacity." It stands out among the noblest 
acts recorded of the dog, to whom (jod has given the instinct 
needed to make him the iirotector of man. In the care of 
children, the dog is particularly faithful. — TViC Children's Uoiir. 



Never fret about what you can't help, because it won't do 
any good. Never fret about what y<iu can lielp, because if you 
can hell) it do so. When you are tempted to grundje about 
anything ask yourself, "Can I helj) this?" and if you can't, 
d m't fret; but if you can, do so, and see how much better you 
will feel. 



A CiaiE FOR ANGER.— AVe take from a Newspaper 
this story of a child's effort to overcome anger. All of us, 
young and old, if troubled with a hasty temper, may profit by 
her example. 

Two little sisters— Frances about seven, and Augusta about 
five years old — were as happy as little girls could be, loving 
their parents and each otlier dearly. Sometimes, however, as 
it happens with the best of friends, little diff'erences would 
arise. On one of these occasions Frances, feeling that anger was 
rising, said, "I am getting angrj'; I had better go out of the 
room for a few minutes. ' ' She went out immediately and staid 
for a short time. When she returned the storm was hushed, 
and they went to their play as happy as ever. 

Were all children to act like the little girl here mentioned, 
how many sad scenes would be avoided, and what happiness 
would spring up in youthful hearts from self-conquest. There 
is this to encourage us, that just as bad liabits grow in strength 
the more they are yielded to, each time temper, or any other 
e\-il disposition is overcome, will strength be gained for futiu'e 
conflict. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CIE3IJ^IE?>.A.IDIBS. 



BY J. P. S.MITII JR. 



I am composed of 10 letters: 

My 1,2, 3, 5, 7, is an ancient prophet. 

My 10, .5, 6, is a great calamity. 

My 8, 9, 10, is the present time. 

My 4, 9, 8, 1, is a girdle, band or belt. 

My whole is a lady greatly beloved by the good who know her. 

I am composed of 7 letters. 

My;'), 4, 3, 2, 1, is a famous navigator. 

Bly ('), 7, 6, 7, 4, is a nutrieious drink. 

Bly 3, 2, 4, ] , is a small vessel. 

My whole should be shunned by the youth of Utah. 



BS?°TiiE answer to the Charade in No. 17, is DAVID 
AND GOLIATH. — The following sent us correct answers: 
H. Brewer, J. Tavey, E. M. Walker, N. Tyler. 



Tliou who dwellest in the heavens, 

Where the liappy angels are, 
Thou, whose wisdom shines more brightly 

Than the light of sun or star; 
Listen to a little child 

Calling on thy holy name — 
Thou art true, and pure, and mild, 

Help me to become the same. 



JXJA^ElIlNrilLjIB I3srSTIE^lIJGTOI^ 

Is jmblished in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months.- 1 .50 

^£^ If i.s frprrt/'t/ intirr/' agcti/s forwrtj-d nam*'fi tlu/i i''ill hp rcKpoyvtihle 
for tlir p'tpi'rs f/iii.s (trilirrd; and when Ca^h jHii/nniits' ttrc inititr, thiif 
will pird.sc forward llieiii ivith the letter contaiainij the nanus oj the 
subscribers. 

«3- Bldrr Win. H. Shearman, Logan, mil act as General Agent for 
Cache VaUry, 

*»- Grain hronfiM to this City for the JUVENILE Instructor willbe 
received at the office of ou/r papo'—DKasKKT I^jews BUIl.DJ^Gs. 



!?<^" 



