
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1874. 



NO. 18. 



JAPANESE HOUSES. 



The houses of the Japanese are as singular as the people 
l. themselves. They consist of a house within a house. 
First, as to the outer house. Of the better clas es, the 
houses are of stone, or are constructed of a frame-work of 
bamboo, or lath, covered with tenacious mud; this, bein* 
covered with a coat of plaster, is either painted or becomes 
bleaahed by exposure. Moldings are ofted arranged in diagoi a' 
lines over the surface of the building, and these being painted 
white. sti'I ™wi*i-»Bf!Vi<» with the dark around behind, give the 



The inner house is a large frame work, rai e 1 two feet above 
the grot nd, and divided into several compartments by means 
of sliding panels. The raised floor, which extends over the 
w lole area of the house, is covered with white mats, made 
soft and thick by being lined at the bottom with straw. These 
are very neatly woven and bound with cloth, and are all of the 
uniform size prescribed by law, being three feet by six, and 
placed in rows upon the floor so neatly as to have the appear- 
ance of onx piece. Upon thee mats the people sit to take 





houses a i uu io i* nu mot's are oixeu of tiles, 

colored alternately black and white, the eaves 1 icing extended 
low down in front of the walls, so as to protect the inmates 
from the sun. an I th • oiled paper windows from the effects of 
the ra'n. Then; a e, lie i les, mova Me shutter . \vh oh are 
put up at night by being fa toned to the po..ta which 
pport the verandas. 



their meals, to converse with their friends, and lie down at 
night to sleep, havinr then a quilted mat lor a cover, and a 
hard box for a pillow. 



THE credit that is 
out. 



it liv a lie otilv la*ts till the trutl 





S06 



CTTJ^EISriXjE] HTSTBTJOTOR. 




BALLOOIT IZCsTVIEICTTOIELS- 



( Concluded. 



"ri^iiE striking success of this experiment led to one still more 

-L remarkable. Joseph Montgolfier made a new balloon of 
the same dimensions as the last, but of more solid and careful 
construction, and provided with a larger car of basket-work. 
One day in November, 1783, while the inventor was making 
an experiment inflation, a gallant young naturalist, Pilatre de 
Rosier by name, leaped into the car, and the balloon was 
allowed to ascend to the height of three hundred feet, where 
it was held by a rope for awhile and then drawn down. This 
determined the young man to attempt an ascent. A major in 
the French army, the Marquis d'Arlandes, volunteered to join 
him in the daring and perilous adventure. November the 
21st, all Paris was again abroad to view the spectacle. The 
sky was lowering and the wind was high. Provided with 
plenty of sand-ballast and with straw to renew the inflation, 
the two brave young men took their places in the car, and the 
ropes were cut. A gust of wind caught the balloon before it 
had cleared the houses, and the adventurers narrowly escaped 
destruction by being dashed against then:. The balloon was 
secured, however and drawn to the earth. Undismayed by 
*Yis mishap, they again entered the car, and the balloon was a 
md time let go. The wind had lulled, and the balloon now 
] i : ! steadily and slowly almost in a perpendicular line, while 
tne navigators waved their hats and a universal cheer broke 
from the multitude below. Wonder, admiration and affright 
were expressed in every countenance. The balloon continued 
to ascend, now lost in a cloud, now re-appearing above it, now 
shining in 'the sun, now eclipsing that luminary by floating 
between it and the spectators, until it diminished to a speck, 
and was finally lost to sight. Meanwhile the aerial travelers 
fed their fire and inflated their balloon until, in the thin air of 
the upper region, it threatened to burst. It caught fire, but a 
wet sponge sufficed to extinguish the flames. The soldier, it 
is said, was the first to propose to descend, alarmed by the 
excessive inflation and the noise of the expanding linen. The 
naturalist at length yielded to his entreaties, the fire was 
extinguished, and the balloon descended rapidly toward the 
city. To escape the house-tops they were compelled to light 
their fire again, and they hovered over Paris for some minutes 
before a timely breeze wafted them beyond the walls. They 
alighted in perfect safety, after a flight of twenty-five minutes. 

"These aeronauts were, of course, the lions of the hour, and 
the whole world rang with their names. Since Franklin had 
flown his electrical kite at Philadelphia, no scientific event had 
so startled and amazed mankind. The brothers Montgolfier were 
rewarded by the government with pensions and decorations, 
and a sum of forty thousand francs was given them to enable 
them to continue their experiments. 

"Thus balloons were invented. Except that gas is now used 
in their inflation, the invention remains in 18(i5 at the point 
to which these brothers brought it in IT*-!. A balloon is a costly 
machine, and it is easily destroyed. To cany the invention 
further, demands such a combination of courage, ingenuity and 
capital, that a century may yet elapse before it is advanced 
another stage. It is reasonable, however, to expect that the 
day will come when the invention of the Montgolfiers will find its 
Watt to bring it to perfection and its Fulton to turn it to account. 

''Stephen Montgolfier died in 1799. Joseph spent the 
remainder of his life in scientific investigations, in the course 
of which he invented the hydraulic rani. lie died in 1810. 



S U IsT ID J± IT S G HI O O L 

MATTERS. 



IN Number 1 6 we published an account of the grand Jubilee 
held in this City on the 24th ult., under the head of "Thanks 
and Facts," which detailed everything connected with that 
interesting occasion, that would be likely to interest our readers, 
except the financial result, which was not at that time known. 
Herewith we give place to a second statement from Brother 
Goddard, which shows by figures that the Jubilee was a 
financial success. His suggestions concerning the purchase 
and further use of the Song Books now on hand in the Sunday 
schools throughout the Territory should be acted upon: 

To the County Superintendents of Sunday Schools Through- 
out the Territory: 

Brethren. — Knowing the great interest you 
take in the success and prosperity of our Sunday School Union, 
I take pleasure in submitting to you the financial result of our 
Jubilee, held in the New Tabernacle on the 24th of July: 

After all expenses were p"id in connection with it, we had a 
net balance on band of $500,00 in cash, now deposited in the 
Savings Bank, besides several thousand Jubilee Song Books (all 
paid for) on hand for sale, nearly $200,00 in accounts against 
individuals and schools for books sold, and other property, 
amounting in all to at least $1,200,00. 

When the balance sheet was read at our last monthly meeting, 
it was hailed with great astonishment and satisfaction, as even the 
most sanguine members of our committee did not expect such a 
favorable report. 

At our next meeting of superintendents and teachers, -which 
will be held during October Conference, and at which time we 
sincerely hope to have a representative from every County in the 
Territory present, the wisdom and propriety of calling on our 
poets and composers of hymns for contributions suitable for a 
Sunday School Hymn Book, will be discussed, also its publica- 
tion with tunes to each hymn attached, all of home talent. But 
as such a work will necessarily absorb a considerable time before 
its completion, it is earnestly recommended for every school to 
use the Jubilee Song Book, until then, as the majority of tha 
songs in it are well adapted and expressly designed for juvenile 
capacity. They can also be used as prizes, so as to have them 
freely circulated in every school among those children that can 
read and appreciate them. 

If the superintendents of every school throughout the Territory 
will be kind enough to make arrangements for taking from 
twenty-five to one hundred copies, according to the number of 
their scholars, and those who know themselves indebted to the 
Union for books already had, will come prepared to liquidate the 
same, and take back another supply, we shall havejadditional 
testimony and unmistakable proof of their determination to look 
after the interest of their own schools and sustain that of the 
Union. 

As many of the Bishops are now taking a lively interest in the 
Sunday school labors, we would suggest that their influence be 
solicited to encourage the parents of the children to raise the small 
but necessary means to purchase the books required. 

Praying that God may inspire both superintendents and 
teachers, as well as Bishops and parents, to continue their diligent 
watchcare over the rising generation of Utah, in which your 
humble servant desires to participate, I remain as ever, 
In behalf ot the Sunday School Union, 

Gkoroe Goddard, 

Assistant Superintendent. 



WE are in receipt of a letter from Brother Wm. M. Allred, 
of St. Charles, Oneida County, Idaho, from which we 
learn that the Sunday school children of that town have also 
been favored with a Jubilee, held on the loth instant, From 
the report received, we judge the St. Charles school is makii 



^G&. 





J" TJ "V E 1ST I !_. El IITSTRUCTOR 



S07 




excellent progress. Indeed, in the matter of studying the 
catechisms, we think some of the scholars of that little tows 
will compare favorably with those of many schools that have 
been longer established. Here is what Brother Allred says: 

"On the day of our Jubilee we had some very appropriate 
pieces sung by our Sunday school choir, selected from the 
Juvenili Instruceor. We had five scholars, namely: Edgar 
M. Allred, Surah Laker, Lydia L. Allred, Mary Jacobs and 
Luanna A. Boothe, who recited the Catechism published bj T 
Elder John Jaques through, answering every question almost 
word for word. Several others recited par: way through, and 
a great many of the smaller children answered questions from 
the catechisms published ia the Juvenile Instructor. We 
also had several other appropriate recitations. 

"We had very nice cards to distribute as rewards, and prizes 
consisting of photographs of the First Presidency and Twelve 
Apostles; also picture books, etc. In the evening we distributed 
refreshments, and then the children engaged in the dance for 
three or four hours. 

"We have one hundred scholars enrolled in this little ssttle- 
nient, with an average at'e.idance, exclusive of teachers, of about 
sixty-nine; some not missing a single Sunday in the year." 




COTJRAC-E 



iOWARDIGE. 




Two boys at school had quarreled, and some of their play- 
mates tried hard to L r ct up a fight between them, One of 
the boys called Allday, pulled off his jacket and was ready to 
set to at once; but the other, whose name was Frith, would not 
fight. Of course he was called a coward, but he did not care 
fbr that. 

About a week alter the quarrel which had taken place, the 
cottage (if old Margery Jenkins, by some accident or other, 
took fire Mai '■■'■ le her escape; but an infant grand- 
daughter was sleeping in a little col up-stairs. At this time 
there were presenl several of the school-boys, ami one of them 
boldly dashed through the fire and smoke, made Ins way up 
the narrow stair-ease, dropped the child through the window 
into the arms of a man who stood ready to receive it. and then 

made bis own escape. 

Hut who was the buy who thus showed bis bravery? Was it 
the brave Allday, who was so ready to fight? No; it was Joseph 
ritb. 'I'll i - kind and daring act raised him in the minds id' aM 
m i iii - any longer called bis courage in question. 



The following day some of the school-boys went to bathe in the 
river, and Allday and Frith were among them. Allday, who 
could not swim soon got out of his depth, and would no doubt 
have been drowned, had not Frith, who was a good swimmer, 
east his coat and plunged headlong from the bank to his rescue. 
Seizing hold of his arm, he dragged him to land. If the affair 
of the fire had shown the calm courage of Joseph Frith, this of 
the water went still further to convince the minds of his play- 
mates. 

On the return of Joseph Frith to the school-room, all the 
boys received him with upraised hands. "Let the conduct of 
Joseph Frith, "said the teacher when a short time af.er speak 
ing to the boys, "bean example to you, ::o that you may be able 
to distinguish between id'e boasting aadttu; courage. Joieph 
Frith has proved himself worthy, by going through fire and 
through water for the benefit of others. Remember that he 
who dares to do what is right, though it draws down upon him 
an ill name, is truly courageous; while he who is afraid to 
pursue an upright course, lest those around should mock him, 
must be in his heart a coward.'" 



SMALL S-A-'VIHSTG-S- 



The president of a great company, whose work required the 
employment of sixteen hundred horse?, said that the 
saving in a particular way of shoeing their horses made the 
whole profit of the concern. A young linn started in the gold- 
smith's business. The partners were skillful in their business, 
economical in their conduct, and had a good run of custom; yet. 
at the end of the year, they had made nothing. It was a puz- 
zle where the profits had gone. A skilled workman employed 
by them had long hair. In chasing, and otherwise cutting gold, 
he wiped his tool upon his well-oiled hair, and at night, when 
at home, he washed out the gold dust, and thus was carrying 
off all the profits of the concern. 

In the Government mint, and in the assay office, the floor is 
covered by lattice frames, through the interstices of which the 
dust and gold waste falls, and the sweepings afterwards yield 
gold like a gold mine. In California, the Chinese used to follow 
after the original miners, and worked over their tailings or 
refuse soil and sand, and grew rich out of their leavings. 

These small wastes or savings must always determine the 
condition of the great mass of men. By close economy; by 
frugal living; by patient and well ordered industry, and by the 
application not only of intelligence (skill), but of the moral 
elements (good work and honest dealing), men can rise slowly 
to competence, and even to affluence. Haste to 1 e rich is an 
immorality of the most dangerous kind. It is an attempt to 
get property without having given a fair equivalent for it. 
But earning property is a divine economic school. 



Do NOT RlTHCn/E THE CHILPREy, — Ohilflr fteil :'.: t 

say very absurd things, for which they arc ridiculed or abashed, 
Nothing, however, can be more cruel than this, for the child 
has done merely what many a philosopher has done before him 

— jumped to a wrong conclusion: and if, instead of pcing ridi- 
culed and made to distrust himself, and avoid the venturing 
his little speculations and enterprises before US in the future, 
we had been at the trouble of examining his notions, we should 
have discovered lmw naturally, perhaps, the idea hail arisen. 

or lmw ingeniously, through a lack of knowledge, the little 

mind had put together incongruous things. 





208 



JUYEITILE UsTSTBUCTOB 




THE ZBOY AGASSIZ 



BY CHARLES BARNARD. 




CHATTER T.—B1S HOME. 

IT was in Switzerland. The country of mountains and lakes. 
A small country, not much larger than the State of Massa- 
chusetts, and shut up in the centre of Europe, far away from 
the sea. In the western part of Switzerland, near France, is 
the Lake of Neuchatel, a long lake, deep, blue, and as clear as 
crystal. On the west stand the Jura Mountains, and towards 
the east one can see the high Alps. The Jura mountains come 
close up to the lake, so that the vineyards that are planted on 
the steep slopes almost overhang the water. The mountains 
on the opposite side do not come so near the lake, and there is 
a strip of level country along the shore. Near the northern 
end of the lake is another smaller lake called Lake Mor; t 
Between these two lakes stands the little village of Mottier. 
It was here that John Louis Rudolph Agassiz was born, on 
the 28th day of May, in 1807. 

His father was a Huguenot elergymar. His grandfathers 
for several generations had been ministers of Protestant 
churches, and the family were originally from France. His 
mother was a native of this part of Switzerland, or the Canton 
of Vaud, as it is called. So Louis was a native of Switzerland, 
though belonging to a French family. 

Mottier was a fine place for a boy. The village was small, 
and tli ■ woods, tin- grass.' fields, the lakes and the high hills 
were all within easy reach. There was no end of sport to lie 
found everywhere. There were birds in abundance in the 
woods, and as for fish, the lakes seemed to swarm with them. 
As for boating, it was the one thing that afforded unending 
delight to every boy in Mottier. Louis did not go to school till 
he was eleven years old. What he did with himself up to this 
time is not fully known. All we can be sure about is that he 
had the free run of the woods and hill- 1 , and had a glorious 
time fishing. No boy in Mottier had ever been known to like 
to fish quite so well as Louis Agassiz. He thought it was 
tiii j greatest fun that had ever been invented tin- the delight 
of small boys like himself. 

.Mottier is not like any village you ever saw in thi.s country. 
Tin' houses are all made of stone, and the roofs of red tiles hang 
over the walls so that there ars deep shadows under the oaves. 
There are balconies on nearly every story, with stairs on the 
outside, and as the roof hangs over them, these balconies are 
sheltered from the sun and rain. The family often sit out 
there in pleasant weather, and the railing is sometimes sur- 
mounted with rows of plants in pots, and bunches of dried 
grasses, onions, squashes, and the like. :■ > that it looks from 
the street as if the family kept their store-closet out of doors. 
In the streets are stone troughs with streams of cold water 
spouting in silvery fountains out of iron pipes. Here the 
horses and cattle came to drink and the women came to fill 
their pitchets. There are no water pipes in the house-, nor 
L r as lamps in the streets, and the houses stand huddled together 
in a curions jumble, one house facing one way and the next the 
other way, so that the streets are crooked and narrow. There 
are no gardens ill the village but outside of the town the whole 
country is one vast garden, extending close up to the font of 
the snow mountains. 

Most of the children preferred to play in the narrow and 

dirty streets. Louis always made his way into the open fields 

or out on one of the lake . He knew the name and the song 

f every bird in the woods: he was personally acquainted with 



the family of storks that had such a ragged nest on the top of 
the chimney of one of the houses; and as for the fishes, he 
knew all their name-, and where they lived, and what they 
Lest liked to eat. On the matter of bait, he could satisfy the 
most diffident shiner than swam, or suit the most hungry 
pickerel that ever leaped out of the water for a fly or grass- 
hopper. 

The boats on the Lake of Neuchatel are rather rude affairs. 
Around the landings of some of the towns, where the visitors 
from the hotels go out sailing, are boats that look like those 
o i the Hudson or Connecticut. The native boats such as 
Louis must have ured, were queer looking skiffs, broad and flat 
on the bottom, very square at the stern, and with a low, broad 
bow that looked as if any extra big wave would certainly come 
aboard, and swamp the whole clumsy affair. As for oars, no 
American boy would think of using such clumsy things. It 
was all the same to Louis. It was a boat, and it would take 
him out on the wide, blue lake, so deep and clear, and would 
float him right over the pools where the best fishes lived. 

There are two ways of going a-fishing: one way is to catch as 
many fish as you can, take them home, and eat them; another 
way is to catch them for the sake of seeing what they look 
like, learning their habits, finding out how they live, and then 
letting them go again, or keeping them to show other people 
how such fishes really look. Boys generally fish on the first 
plan, and count their greatest gain in having a good string 
for the frying-pan. Louis went on the other plan. He went 
to learn something about the fish whether he caught any or not. 
He was more anxious to catch one of each kind than to get the 
extra big fellows that were so fine for the cook. He wanted to 
see how they looked, to count the stripes on their backs, to 
look at their fins, and in fact to know all about them. If he 
caught an extra fine one he was more ready to cut him open to 
see how many bones he had, and to take him apart like a 
watch, to see how he was made, than to make him ready for 
the dinner table. Perhaps you think thi.s very silly in him. 
Louis would not have agreed with you. He cared more to 
know about the fish than to eat him. 

Then he used to catch fish that were not fit for the table. 
Minnows, hornpouts, and other fishes that boys think very 
small game were his delight. He did not wish to eat them, 
but he did want to know how they looked, and what kind of 
eyes they had. and how the scales were colored. The water of 
Lake Neuchatel is wonderfully clear, and when the waves are 
still one can see the bottom where it is quite deep. Our ponds 
and lakes are brown or ruddy with iron stains. These Swiss 
lakes have blue and white water, that is like glass when it is 
'calm. Louis took advantage of this, and leaning over the long- 
bows, where the shadow of the boat kept away the reflection of 
the sun. he would watch the fishes playing round his line for 
hours. He did not seem to care n ucli whether he caught 
anything or not. provided he could study their habits and 
learn how they lived. In time he found out where they laid 
their eggs, he knew by heart all the different kinds of food 
they hul. an I knew just when they came up to the surface to 
catch the stray flies, or when they sought their soft beds where 
they spent the winter. After a' while he knew the name of 
every fish in the whole hike, and was personally acquainted with 
every finny family that swam or crawled in its waters. 

When he was eleven years old his father decided to send 
him to school, and with his younger brother. Louis set out for 
the academy, or gymnasium as they called it. at Bienne, a 
small town in the next canton. About this time the Agassiz 
family moved away from Mottier. and went to live in th 





? 



JTJYE1TILE IITSTRTJCTOB 




209 



Valley of the Orbe, at the other end of the Lake of Neuehatel, 
towards Geneva. Concerning Louis' school days at Bienne, 
and his vacations at the Orbe, more another time. 



V .A. Xj XT .A. B Xj E I3STSECTS. 




I have lately heard about some distinguished insects — trav- 
eled bugs, they are — which have taken a long journey from 
the State of Missouri, across land and ocean, to France, and 
by rail to Paris, where they were enthusiastically received — so 
the story goes — by the "savants" at the French Academy of 
Sciences. 

A supply of their favorite food was kept in the huge chip 
boxes in which they went, and through the long journey they 
were attended, with anxious care, by M. Planchon, a distin- 
guished French naturalist. 

Recall to mind all you have heard or read of sunny. South- 
ern, vine-clad France; its lovely vineyards that cover the 
country for miles and miles, beautifying the valleys, stretching 
up the fair hillsides and mountain slopes, perfuming the air, 
in blossoming time, with the rarest fragrance the winds ever 
wafted, and filling it, later on. with the rich odor (if the 
ripened clusters. 

The vineyards, blossoms, clusters, are beautiful, lovely, 
delicious; but that is not all. What the cotton crop is to our 
South, or the wheat crop is to our West, the vine crop is to 
the grape-growing portions of France; when that fails, the 
resources of the people have failed. Vintagers who. with a 
good year, may become rich and prosperous, are ruined when a 
bad year comes; and there have been several bad years. There 
were two years when the graceful leaves of the vine turned 
sickly yellow, and were covered with an ugly growth of red 
and white bunches, when the tender green buds never 
bloomed, but died without one breath of fragrance, when whole 
districts of vineyards were ruined and their owners impover- 
ished. But, you ask, why was not something done to prevent 
this? That is just what the best vine-growers, and the wisest 
French chemists (and there are none wiser anywhere), have 
been trying to do. They applied all manner of disinfectants. 
and used every remedy they could think of: but their efforts 
were all in vain. 

The disease is caused by an exceedingly minute insect with a 
very long name, the "phylloxera vitifoliae," the term "phyllox- 
era'' meaning, very appropriately, "withered leaf.'' 

It is something like the little green "aphis'' that infests your 
house plants. It lives upon the sap of the tender vine, multi- 
plies so rapidly, and feeds so ravenously, that within a few 
years it has as utterly ruined thousands of acres of French 
vine yards, as though a fire had swept over them. There comes i 
a time when the insects assume a winged form, and millions of 
them are then wafted in perfect clouds, from vineyard to vine- 
yard, and wherever they settle, the "withered leaf " of the 
stricken vine tells that the "phylloxera'' has been there. 

This is the cause, this is the disease, and now 1 will tell you 
of the cure. 

When the chemists had failed, and the vine-growers were in 
despair, M. Planchon, the French naturalist, said that he had 
something to suggest, as the "phylloxera" was imported from 
America (this being a fact pretty well established). 

"Now,' said M. Planchon, "we learn that in America, at 
the worst it is never very harmful; there must evidently, then. 
ye some other insect that preys upon and keeps this one 

THE LIBRARY OF THE' 
DESERET. SUNDAY SCHQQ^Ui^QN 



"So the French Minister of Agriculture sent M. Planchon to 
America to learn all he could about the conqueror of the 
"phylloxera.'' 

Prosessor Planchon reached America last August. He 
visited the vineyards of the Eastern States, of Missouri, and 
North Carolina. 

He found the "phylloxera' at its work of mischief, and you 
may try to imagine his joy when he detected also its natural 
enemy, the "acarus.' a species of plant-lion, feeding upon the 
"phylloxera " quite as voraciously as that feeds upon the sap; 
hunting it down, chasing it from leaf to leaf, dragging it from 
its hiding places, each little "acarus" doing his "level best" to 
eat as many of the "phylloxera"' as possible. 

And so M. Planchon, well paid for his long journey, joyfully 
collected great numbers of this useful little bug, and accom- 
panied them, as I have told you, to their enthusiastic reception 
at the Academy of Sciences. 

The last I heard of them, they were doing a driving business, 
in genuine Yankee style, in the Bordeaux vineyards. 

Of all the traveling Americans who have visited France, I 
think the "acarus'' family have received the warmest welcome. 

[St. Niduiias, 



The Way the Cable Talks. — An operator sits at a table 
in a room darkened by curtains. On his desk stands a little 
instrument called the "reflecting galvanometer," the invention 
of Sir William Thompson, without which Atlantic telegraphy 
would be a slow process, uot exceeding two or three words a 
minute, instead of eighteen or twenty, the present rate. This 
delicate instrument consists of a tiny magnet and a small 
mirror swinging on a silk thread, the two together. weighing 
but a few grains. The electric current passing along the wire 
from Valencia, deflects the magnet to and fro. The mirror 
reflects a spot of light on to a scale in a box placed at the oper- 
ator's right hand, where, by its oscillation, the spot of light 
indicates the slight movement of the magnet and follows every 
chance in the received current; and every chance, great or 
small, produces a corresponding oscillation of the spot of light 
on the scale. A code of signals is arranged by which the 
movement of the spot of light is made to indicate the letters 
of the alphabet. When receiving a message from Valencia 
the operator watches the movements of the light speck, which 
keel s dancing about over on the scale on his right. To his 
practiced eye, each movement of the spot of light represents 
a letter of the alphabet, and its seemingly fantastic motions 
are spelling out the intelligence which the pulsations of the 
electric currect are transmitting between the two hemispheres. 
It is truly marvelous to note how rapidly the experienced oper- 
ator disentangles the irregular oscillations of the little spei k 
into the letters and words which they represent. 

Be Cheerful. — Which will you do — smile, 1 make others 

happy, or be crabbed, and make everybody miserable'.'' The 
amount of happiness you can produce is incalculable, if you 
show a smiling face and speak pleasant words. There is no 
joy like that which springs from a kind act or pleasant deed. 
and you may feel it at night when you rest, and in tin morning 
when you rise, and all through the day when about your 
business. 

CHILDREN can do much toward making their parents happy, 
or they can bringdown their gray hairs with sorrow to thegrav 

BOARD 



bU NORT H MA I N STREET 
SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH 




210 




-t tj ^r e in" i Xj e instructor. 




Ipif ifnvcmlq |(nj>intdat[. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 


1874. 





:EZDITOIR,I_^T_, THOUGHTS. 

HE UNITED ORDER ! A very express- 
ive name this, for the system the Lord has 
commanded His servant Brigham to intro- 
duce among His people. The children in 
Utah should be thankful that they live at 
a time when this United Order is being 
taught to the people. They should be 
willing to enter into it. In the southern 
settlements, which the Editor is now visit- 
{fj^nr^ r ' n Si ant ' where he writes these "Thoughts," the 
/ $4_/f m ! Saints have entered into this Order with a great 
deal of union. They have worked in the Order 
this season, and they have done better in many 
instances than could have been expected. Have 
they had no difficulties? Oh, yes, they have had 
ittle difficulties, some trouble and annoyances in 
places; but none that Saints cannot overcome. To be 
a Latter-day Saint at all requires faith, patience and 
long-suffering. The grace of God must be obtained to enable 
men and women to contend with and successfully overcome the 
vexations and troubles of this life. And so in the United 
Order; in many instances the faith, patience, love and forbear- 
ance of the Saints w'.l be tried; but if they rely upon the 
Lord, He will enable 1 'i ".n to overcome. To be baptized into 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints requires faith 
upon the part of the people of the world. To gather out from 
Babylon to Zion also requires faith. Every commandment of 
God which comes in contact with the traditions of men requires 
faith on the part of those who attempt to obey it. The United 
< )rder comes in contact with the traditions and practices of 
... ■:: and therefore, men should have faith, patience, charity, 
long-suffering and the love of God to enter into it. 

Probably some of our juveniles ask, why should the United 
Order be established? Why can we not live as we have been 
living? 

I her j are many reasons in favor of the United Order, and 
for a change in the method of living of the Latter-day Saints- 
As we now live we can never be one in temporal things. ( )ur 
present system, instead of drawing us together, has the 
tendency t i drive us apart. Each labors for his own good, and 
not for the good of the whole. The struggle has been to build 
up individuals more than to build up the community. If a 
man has had talents for making money, he has generally used 
them for bis own benefit and not for the good of his brethren 
and sister.-. If he has had property of any kind — horses, 
cow.-, wagons, land, goods, or anything else — to sell, he has 
generally consulted his own advantage and profit and paid but 
little or no regard to the advantage of his brethren to whom 
he has sold. < >f course, this does not produce union, and men 
who thus live cannot love their neighbor as they do themselves. 
Society is in this way divided into classes. The shrewd, man- 
aging, money-making men get rich, while their neighbors, who 
may be equally worthy, but have not their talents in this direc- 
tion, remain poor. The rich associate together, they form their 
n society; they have fine clothing, rich food, elegant build" 



ings and furniture, the best horses and carriages, their children 
get well-educated, learn fashionable manners and gradually 
grow into the idea that they are better than the poor. They 
become separated in feeling and in interest from the poor; they 
become proud and despise their poor brethren and sisters. If 
such are not careful, they lose the spirit of the gospel and join 
Babylon. Where such inequality exists Zion cannot exist in 
perfection, and her redemption cannot be brought about. 

Look at Babylon, and there you see a condition of affairs 
the very opposite of that which should exist in Zion. One 
class is at war with another. There are the rich who have all 
their hearts can desire of the good things of this earth. They 
are clothed in the finest fabrics that can be manufactured. 
Their food is of the choicest description. Their houses are 
the abodes of luxury and elegance. Worldly education has 
done all that is possible for them. They cultivate what they 
view as refinement and such accomplishments as they imagine 
will adorn them. Of want they know nothing. The great 
aim of many of them is to know how to kill time in amuse- 
ment. 

But what is the condition of the poor? Many of them have 
not enough food to eat, nor clothing to wear. Their homes 
are squalid and miserable. If they should be sick or onto;' 
employment, want stares them in the face, and they frequently 
must beg or starve. If they work hard from Monday morning 
till Saturday night, they can barely get enough to sustain life, 
and when old age comes and they cannot work, they must be 
sustained by charity. Their children can only obtain education, 
and that of the most common character, with difficulty. Toil 
and drudgery fill up their lives, and all their prospects are 
cheerless. 

In some countries, the United States for example, the condi- 
tion of the poor is better than in others. But throughout all 
Babylon the rich and poor are widely separated. If u-e go on 
for some years in the future as we have been doing in the past, 
this will also be the case in Zion. But God has commanded 
His servant Brigham to organ;/ ■ His people in the United 
Order, that Zion may be saved from the evils which afflict 
Babylon. We shall have more to sav upon this in our next. 



A True Gentleman. — Show u; a man who can quit the 
society of the young and take pleasure in listening to the 
kindly voice of the old; show us a man who is always ready to 
pity and help the deformed: show us a man that covers the 
faults of others with a mantle of charity; show us a man that 
bows as politely ami gives the street as freely to the poor 
sewing girl as to the millionaire; show us a man who abhors 
the libertine, who scorns the ridiculer of his mother's sex; 
show us the man who never forgets for an instant the delicacy 
.■ml respect due a woman, in any condition or class — and you 
show us a true gentleman. 



Boys Using Tobacco. — A sensible writer says a good 
sharp thing, and a true one, too. for Inns who use tobacco: 
"It has utterly spoiled and ruined thousands of boys. It tends 
to the softening and weakening of the bones, and it greatly 
injures the brain, the spinal marrow and the whole nervous 
fluid. A boy who smokes early and frequently, or in any way 
uses large quantities of tobacco, loses energy, and generally 
lacks muscular and physical as well as mental power. We 
would particularly warn boys, who want to be anything in the 
world, to shun tobacco as a most baneful poison." 





J" TJ V E UST I LIE I1TSTRUCTOR 



211 




the zd_a.t:e if? ^_ i_, :m: . 



;ind it is above a I 



The Palms are for the most part trees of giganlic g:owlh, 
and they sometimes reach a height altogether unknown 
among other trees. They are very beautiful and elegai t 
n appearance, and they are as useful as they era beautifu'. 
There are many varieties of Palm:, the chief of which are the 
Date Palm, the Cocoa-nut Tree, the Areca Palm, and the 
Sago Tree. 

The very beautiful Date Palm represented in our picture, ; s 
deservedly called the prince of vegetables. It is found abur- 
dantly in Arabia and Northern Africa, 
others the tree of the oasis 
of the desert. The Arabs 
say this tree has as many 
uses as the days in the 
year. Wine is distilled 
and sugar made from its 
juice, horses and cam eh 
feed upon it, all sorts of 
mats and necessary articles 
are manufactured from the 
leaves, and the fruit is an 
important article of food to 
all the people amongst 
whom it grows. 

The Date Palm was for- 
merly very plentiful in the 
Holy Land, but there are 
very few Palm trees of any 
kind there now. The word 
Bethany means "the house 
of dates;"' and Phoenicia, 
the name by which part of 
the Holy Land was known 
to the ancients, means 
"the land of palms." 

The Date Palm has a 
long branchless stem, and 
then a tuft of feathery- 
spreading leaves at the top. 
When the Bible speaks of 
"palm branches" in means 
these beautiful leaves. 
The trunk (iocs not increase 
in size as is the case with 
our trees; as it grows older 
it only grows higher and 
higher. 

David compares good 
men to the Palm tree, 
partly because it rises so 
tall and so straight, as if it 
were always wanting to get 

nearer to heaven. ( )r because it is always growing; 
lives it grows. ( )r because it is always green 
bearing fruit. 




as ion 

and 



as it 

1 1 ways 



COURTESY RZETV^^IRJDIEID. 




A YOUNG editor of a theatrical journal called lately On an 
actress in a third story on the Rue Richelieu. Leaving 
her rooms, he descended the stairway. At the fird lloor 
ling, a door suddenly opened, and a black coaled gentleman! 



stepping hurriedly out, ran against the young man: ' 'Monsieur, 
hav^ you half an hour to lose?'" 
'For what, sir?" 

"To tender me a service which will bring you in a trifle, say 
a hundred francs." 

"Do you call that losing half an hour? What is it you wish?" 
"To serve as a witness to a will. One witness has failed to 
come. The sick man is dying. Will you serve?" 

The journalist consented, and following the notary, soon 
found himself in a sumptuous chamber, near the bed of the 
moribund, and rented himself with the other witness. The 
o'd man had no relatives, and made short work with his will. 

It was soon re idy for him 
to -ign. The curtains were 
opened to give him ligh*. 
A ray fell across the jour- 
nalists face. The sick man 
saw him, and motioned for 
him to approach. 

"Sir," he said, in a 
feeble voice, "do you know 
me?" 

"I have not that honor, 
sir. 

' 'Do you not recall seeing 
me at the Theatre Fran- 
cais?" 

"No sir." 

"I can refresh your 
memory. Did you not 
attend the first representa- 
tion of "Fire in a Con- 
vent?' 

"I was there, certainly." 
"And I too. You had 
a good orchestra stall; I a 
miserable stool right in the 
doorway. The draft made 
me ill. You gave me your 
comfortable scat, and took 
ni\ poor one. 

"I but did my duty, sir, 
towards and old man and 
an invalid." 

"Ah! They are rare— 
these people who do their 
duly. Allow in.' to give 
an evidence of my acknow- 
ledgement. 

And, turning to the ear 
of the notary, the old man 
added a codicil to bis will. 
The witnesses signed, the 
notary countersigned, and 
tic former, each noted for a hundred francs of legacy, retired. 
The next day the editor revisited the actress. Coming away 
be rang at the old man's door, and asked after him. He had 
died during the night. In due time the young man attended 
his funeral. After it the notary said to him: 

"To-morrow we open the will. Be there; you are interested." 

Our editor did not neglect the invitation. lie attended the 
reading of the will. 
The old man had bequeathed him a hundred thousand 

francs. 
An orchestra seat well paid for.— \S,/r,-/cJ 




1^- 



212 



JTJYElTIL"a IITSTBUOTOB. 




^nD^TEnSTTXJI^ES OP .A. RAG. 



A PLEASANTLY TOLD STORY OF THE MANNER 
IN WHICH PAPER IS MADE. 




YOU'VE seen, no doubt, a miserable, wretched girl picking 
dirty rags out of the gutter, putting them into a horrid- 
looking bag she has. and carrying them off. Well, the history 
of one of those rags, its adventures and wonderful changes, is 
more marvelous than any fairy story. And the best of it is, 
every word is true. I think you'll agree that it is marvelous 
when I tell you that, nice and neat and dainty as you may be. 
you may put that horrid rag among your choicest treasures. 
You don't believe it ! Well, haven't I already told you lots of 
things you never heard of? And do you think I've told you 
all I know? Wait a bit and see. Let us follow the rag, going 
off on the back of the poor girl. Having filled her bag, she 
goes at once to an odd dismal-looking shop, that you wouldn't 
put your foot into, where a wretched-looking man buys old iron 
rags, bottles, and in fact nearly every thing other people throw 
away. He weighs the rags, looks them over, counts out her 
pay (generally a few pennies), and she takes her bag and goes 
out. t Here we must bid her good-by, for from this moment the 
rag goes up in life, while she, poor child, will pick rags to- 
morrow, and perhaps all of her life, and there'll be very little 
going up for her. When the dealer has enough rags he puts 
them up in a bale, and sends them off to a paper mill. Oh, 
yes! you knew paper was made of rags.didn't you? Well the 
first thing that happens to them in that big noisy place is to 
be taken out of the bale, and pulled over by a lot of girls, and 
assorted. Silk rags go in one corner, bits of woolen to another, 
white cotton to a third, and colored cotton to a fourth. To 
follow the rag we saw taken from the gutter we should have to 
u'o to the colored cotton corner. 

from the sorting-room our dirty rag will be carried, with lots 
of others, to the cutting-room. This is a terrible place, where 
unfortunate girls sit at a sort) of bench, on which are fixed 
sharp knives. The girls cut the rags into shreds, splitting open 
hems and taking off buttons. This, as you can guess, is fear- 
fully dirty work. The room is full of dust, and the girls look 
like quite respectable dirt-heaps themselves. As soon as the 
rag is shredded it goes through a trap-door in the floor, and 
falls into a big tub. 

There! Aren't you glad it has come to a washing-place? 
It fairly makes one feel dusty to think about handling such 
things. In that tub, with plenty of lime-water, it boils half a 
day and I'm sure it needs it. Lime-water, perhaps you know, 
takes not only the dirt, but every bit of color out of things. 
You girls who have made " skeleton leaves " knows all about it. 

From this very thorough bath the rag goes, white and clean, 
into the rag engine. This wouldn't be a very nice place to 
fall into— and it's right on a level with the floor too. It's a 
large round vat. with sharp knives revolving all the time. They 
i-ut the rags into threads, while clear water runs over them all 
the time for five or six hours. Pont think it's clear enough 
yet. After all this cutting and rinsing the water is drawn off, 
some chemical stuff put in. and left for two hours. Then the 
water is turned on, and the knives begin again, and cut and 
grind five or six hours more. Of course by this time, after al] 
these knives and chemicals and washings, there's not a rag and 
hardly a thread left. It is a mass of pulp, looking more like milk 
than anything else. Now it's ready for a most wonderful change. 

It is far more wonderful than any fairy story to see this pulp 
;o in at rme end of a machine and sheets of paper come out at 



the other. Let me tell you how it goes: The machine is a'l 
open, and you can see the whole operation. The pulp goes 
from a box through a fine sieve — to catch any remaining threads 
— and falls on a belt of wire gauze, which is all the time moving 
on. Of course it spreads out as thin as it can, and the water 
begins to drop through the gauze as it moves on. But there's 
too much water with the pulp, and to draw it out suddenly they 
have a curious arrangement. The water and pulp move on 
very comfortably together till they come to a certain box they 
must go over. The moment they reach that mysterious box 
every drop of water tears itself away and disappears in the 
box, leaving the pulp nearly dry and looking very much like 
paper. You won't be surprised at the funny behavior of the 
water when I tell you that, a steam pump is all the time pump- 
ing the air out of the box, and the water is sucked in to fill the 
vacuum. Right here is put in the water-mark. If you don't 
know what that is, hold a sheet of paper up to the light. You'll 
probably see straight or zigzag lines all over it; or the name of 
some man or paper-mill. That is the water-mark, and it is 
made on the paper by a roller on which the pattern is cut, Now 
the pulp, having become paper, runs off the gauze belt on to 
one of felt, which takes it between a pair of heavy rollers. 
The rollers squeeze it so dry that it don't need carrying any more, 
and it goes on alone between six or eight big rollers, which are 
hot, and which make it smooth and almost perfectly dry. As 
it comes out from the last roller it runs against sharp knives 
which are set there, and is split into long ribbons just wide 
enough for the kind of paper it is to be. 

Now comes another bath. Not to clean it, for it is white as 

snow, but to make it stiff and glossy. The bath is of gelatin^. 

The paper-ribbons run through the box of gelatine, and between 

rollers to dry them. On coming out they are chopped off into 

" sheets by a knife, and hung on a frame to dry. 

Here they rest for some days, and it's the first rest since the 
rag came out of the gutter and started on its travels. 

After this the new sheets go into a press for a few hours. 
Some kinds of common paper stop here, but the nice note-paper 
you are so fond of has another journey before it. through the 
hands of a string of girls. 

The first girl feeds the sheets of paper to a string of rollers. 
which makes them beautifully smooth and shining. The second 
girl piles them up and hands them to the third girl, who puts 
them through a cutting machine, which makes them perfectly 
regular in size. The fourth girl puts them through the ruling- 
machine. That is a droll machine: only a row of pens fed by 
an ink trough. The fifth girl looks at each sheet, and puts 
them into piles, perfect and imperfect, The sixth girl folds 
them. It's funny enough to see her snatch up six sheets, double 
them over with one hand and press them down with a block in 
the other. She never makes a mistake in the number, and 
working so fast, she almost looks like a machine. The seventh 
girl takes one of these packages of six sheets, puts it under a 
snapping little hammer that runs by steam, and in an instant 
it is ornamented with the little oval or square mark you see on 
commercial note-paper. The most elegant papers are not stamp- 
ed here, for every one prefers his own initial or monogram, and 
that is done to order at a stationer's. The eighth girl puts 
the packages into reams and half reams, and seals them up. 

?*!ow did you ever hear in any fairy story of a transformation 
more wonderful than from a disgusting dirty rag to a dainty 
sheet of note-paper? And if that sheet of paper contains a 
letter from your "dearest friend" wouldn't you put it among 
your treasures? But I want to tell you another thing. Do you 
know what droll things were used to write on before paper- 





J" TT VIE IN" I LIE IUSTBTJCTOE 



213 




mills were invented, or eotton rags thought of? The first 
writing was on flat stones, the words cut in. I don't think 
many letters were written in those days. After that the skins 
of animals were used — dressed and prepared, ot course. But 
that grew inconvenient in time, and then leaves were used. 
You think that is funny perhaps; but some people use leaves 
to this day. The Chinese do, and the Hindoos use dried leaves, 
like our palm-leaf fans, with the letters pricked in. But the 
first thing made to write on was papyrus. Papyrus is a water- 
plant, and was prepared for use by soaking the stem until it 
would unroll in layers. These thin layers being dried, were 
pasted over each other, and the whole siu wthed with polishing 
stone. That made a very good paper for the first attempt, and 
gave us a name for our eleg.-.nt "super-super." "cream-laid." 
etc., which fills our desks, and which some of us (not you or I) 
waste dreadfully. — \S<lected. 



:&"■ t_, o s s . 



in length, having lovely chestnut-brown hues shaded with red. 
and in certain lights revealing exquisite steel-blue reflections 
about the head and neck, while on the breast and beneath it 
were deen, rich, golden-red tints marvelously blended. Floss 
seemed proud of his charge, and of the success attending his 
efforts, and received gracefully, yet with a sense of what was 
due to his sagacity, the encomiums bestowed by the admiring 
party. And so it was with many other orders, all were intelli- 
gently accepted and faithfully obeyed. Through shaded 
ravines, down hillsides, or through sunny pathways, on he 
sped, always returning with the birds his master had called for. 
Among the many families of shepherd dogs, none are more 
beautiful than that with which Floss claimed kinship. His 
glossy covering was soft and long, and very delicate were the 
lovely tan hues, waved with dashes of white. Every move- 
ment of the body, and every glance of the intelligent, eager 
eye, expressed refinement, power and tenderness. — [Selected. 



E'.ENSIBLE ADVICE. 





ITIloss was a "Shepherd dog," one of the truest and best. 
That the pretty creature did not at once take kindly to his 
New England home is no matter of wonder; he had been 
reared "among the 
breezy heather lands" 
of Sen a id, and d< u'it- 
less in his s h ;i g gy 
breast there dweltemo- 
tions of tenderness 
for "fatherland," as 
strong arid deep as 
among those human 
souls that come among 
us from that sturdy 
clime. But duty was 
a higher call to Floss, 
and before many days 
his faithful guardian- 
ship was recognizei 1 . 
Under his watchfu 
eye were placed a large 
number of rare fowls, lovely "plump people"— pheasants from 
distant climes, and wonderful ducks and geese from far-off 
lands; peacocks, too, and birds of brilliant plumage from 
tropical countries. All these winged beauties did Floss keep 
count of in his wonderful dog-mind, and every night when the 
hour came for them to be called in, fed and housed, did Floss 
go out intent, eager, eagle-eyed; he knew every one. and no 
matter where they had hidden, no matter what plans they had 
laid for private pleasure, Floss was sure to find them, and drive 
them with tender assiduity to his master's feet. We once saw 
him do this, and greatly to our surprL-e, he searched out as 
bidden, for fowls straying about the premises. The master 
looking the dog directly in the eye, gave directions, which were 
followed to the letter. "Now, Floss," he would say, "this 
lady wishes to see our 'Nile ducks;' be off, good fellow, anil 
bring them," when, before I was aware of the lapse of minutes, 
,1,, came the panting party, ready for review and petting. 
■Now, Floss." added the genial owner of the feathered beau 
ties, "bring us quickly the golden and silver pheasants, and 
with them 'Sylph,' the prince of the company, the beauty, you 
know." Floss gave a moment's deep thought to the order, then 
dashed down the lrrng avenue, speedily returning with them all. 
Fleet-footed "Sylph" was a beauty indeed, nearly thirty inches 



M 



akh yourself useful. Watch for opportunities to saw 
steps and save trouble for those arnui d you. Whether at 

bo'ne or abroad, en- 
djrvir to be kind, 
atient, unselfish, and 
agreeable. Do not be 
too free in expressing 
your likes and dislikes. 
Many poor children 
make enemies by mut- 
tering and complain- 
ing, when quiet and 
gentle ways would win 
them friends on every 
land. Do not i ay 
what you would not 
wish to have heard 
or repeated. Few 
persons know how 
loudly they talk; and 
many a time young persons "free their minds" when they 
little think that their words are sounding through some slight 
partition or open door, and reaching the ears of the very 
persons about whom they are making unkind and uncourteous 
remarks. 

Cultivate a spirit of contentment. Beware of murmuring 
and complaining. Such things the Bible expressly forbids. 
When vexed or tempted to discontent and fault finding, think 
how much worse off many others are. and thank God for the 
blessings which you possess. You may envy the lot of others 
more favored than you, but are there not many who would 
gladly take your place'.' If your food is plainer than the 
luxurious fare of princes and epicures, hungry thousands 
would be thankful to get what you now enjoy: and it your 
clothes lack the richness and beauty of those worn by the 
votaries of fashion, yet bow many haggard, ragged, shivering 
sons of want and sorrow would gladly take your pour garments 
and thank Cod for the comfort they would afford. 

Waste no time in idle regrets or useless longing.-. Do the 
very best you can, just where you are to-day, and trust in ( rod 
to open to you a wider door, and lead you in a inure pleasant 
path. He faithful over a few things now. and in due time you 
will lie made ruler over many. 





£14= 



JTJVBHILB I1TSTRUCTOR 




ojst tieee 
book of im: o k> im: o nsr . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXX. 

Q. — What caused Lamoni to fear when the servants had finished 
speaking? 

A. — He feared that Amnion was the Great Spirit, who had come 
to punish him. 

Q. — What was the bel'ef of the Lamanites concerning a Great 
Spirit? 

A. — Thc3' believed there was such a being, and yet that what- 
ever they did was right. 

Q. — Why did Lamoni fear then? 

A. — He thought he should be punished for having killed his 
servants. 

Q. — Why had he killed his servants? 

A. — Because they had allowed his flocks to be scattered at 
Sebus by the Lamanites. 

Q. — Why did the Lamanites do this? 

A.— They wanted to drive the flocks into their own country. 

Q. — Where was Ammon while Lamoni was talking with the 
servants? 

A. — He was feeding the horses. 

Q.— What command did Lamoni give his servants before the 
time of watering their flocks? 

A. — He commanded them to get ready his chariots and horses. 

y. — Where was King Lamoni going? 

A. — To a feast given by his father in the land of Nephi. 

Q. — What did Lamoni say when ho heard that Amnion was 
feeding the horses? 

A. — ''He is a faithful servant; I would call him in hut I 
durst not." 

Q.— When Amnion got the chariots and horses ready for the 
king, what did he do? 

A. — He went in unto the king. 

Q. — What did In- notice? 

A.— That the king s countenance was changed. 

Q.— What did he then do? 

A. — He turned to go out. 

Q. — Who then spoke to him? 

A. — A servant of the king. 

Q.— What did he say? 

A. — "Rabbanah, the king de-ireth thee to stay.'' 

Q.— What is the meaning of "Rabbanah?'' 

A. — It means powerful or great king. 

Q. — What did Ammon do? 

A. — He asked the king what he desired. 

Q. — Did the king reply to him? 

A. — No; not for an hour, for he did not know what to say. 

Q. — Did Amnion repeat the quotion? 

A. — Yes; but the king did not answer him. 

Q. — What did Ammon then do? 

A. — Being filled with the Spirit of God, lie perceived the 
thoughts of the kins-. 

Q.— What did Ammon ask the king? 

A. — It he marveled because he had done such things a- had 
been told by the servant-;. 

Q. — How did Lamoni feel when Ammon asked this? 

A. — He wa> astonished, for he saw that Amnion knew his 
thoughts. 

Q. — What did Lamoni ask Amnion'' 

A. — If he was the Great Spirit. 

Q. — If he would speak boldly to him, what did the king 
promise to do? 

A. — To give him anything he desired, and, if it was needed, he 
would surround him with his armies. 



<pnesHan£ and ^nsuf^ 

OILST THE BIBLE- 



history OP JOSHUA. 



LESSON LXX. 

Q —What was done on the first day after the children of Israel 
reached Jericho? 

A. — The men of war went round about the city once, with 
seven priests having seven trumpets. 

Q.— How long did they compass the city in this manner? 
A. — Six days. 

Q. — What did they do on the seventh day? 
A —They compassed the city after the same manner seven 
times. 

Q— What did the people do at the seventh time when the 
priests blew with the trumpets? 
A. — They "shouted with a grjat shout." 
Q — What happened then? 
A. — The walls of fie city fell down flat. 
Q —What then did the children of Israel do? 
A. —They went up into the city and took it. 
12 —What did they do with the inhabitants and their cattle? 
A. — They utterly destoyed all that was in the city. 
y. — Whom did Joshua save? 
A. — Rahab and all her kindred. 
Q. — W ij- were they saved? 

A. — Because Rahab hid the messengers that Joshua sent to spy 
out Jericho. 

Q. — How many men did Joshua send to take Ai? 
A. — Three thousand. 
Q. — What was the resu't' 
A..— The Israelites fled before the men of Ai. 
(.'.—How many of the three thousand were slain? 
A. — About thirty-six. 

Q. — How did the people feel when this occurred? 
A. — Their hearts melted and became as water. 
Q —What did Joshua do? 

A. — He rent his clothes and complained unto the Lord. 
0. — What was the Lord's reply unto Joshua? 
A.— Th it Israel had sinned, and therefore could not stand 
before their enemies. 

0. — What was the sin committed? 

A. — They had appropriated to their own use the spoil of the 
enemy 

y. — Had the whole of the people sinned in this manner? 
A. — No; only Achan, of the tribe of Judah. 
y. — How was it discovered that he was the guilty person? 
A. — They cast lots by tribes and families, as directed by the 
Lord. 
y.--When Achan was taken, what did he confess? 
A. — That he had stolen a Babylonish garment, and also silver 
and gold. 

0- — What had he done with the stolen property? 
A. — He hid it in the earth in the midst of his tent. 
Q. — What was done to Achan? 

A. — He and his family and all that they had were taken to the 
valley of Achor. 
y. —What was done with them there? 

A. — All Israel stoned them with stones and burned them with 
fire. 

y. — What resulted when this sin of Israel was so severely 
punished? 

A — The Lord turned from the fierceness of his wrath. 
y. — What did the Lord then say unto Joshua? 
A. — Not to be afraid, for He would give the king of Ai and ail 
the people into his hands. 

Q.— Was the promise of the Lord fulfilled? 

A. — Yes; the king and all his people were destroyed. 





J" TJ "V" IBJ 1ST x :c_, e iustbtjctob. 



215 



nnt[ jMitsenn^ 



MEDALS 



B y b e t n . 




IN the cabinet of Mr. Harris is a large silver medal, the 
portrait on which represents the great reformer, Martin 
Luther, dressed in "canonicals," that is in the full dress of 
the clergy when they officiate, in the style common to Geneva 
in the days the Reformation. The modal was probably struck 
at the time of the second centennial held in Germany to 
commemorate the Protestant Reformation. This we may 
gather from the information found on the medal itself, about 
which little appears to be stated by writers. On the obverse, 
around the usual place for the legend, or inscription, in Roman 
letters of two different sizes, are the following words: ' MartIn 
Vs LVther Vs DoCtor theoLogLe. ' ' Which means: Martin 
Luther, Doctor of Theology, or, as would be said in our day, 
Doctor of Divinity. On the left centre of the medal is: 
' ' Jvbil. , ' ' meaning, jubilee. On the right centre is: ' 'Ref. II. ' ' 
meaning Reformation Second; that is to say, this medal is in 
memory of the Reformation, on the occasion of the Second 
Jubilee. And the Roman letters contained in the legend give 
the date of the event: MDCLLVVVII— 1717. The reverse 
is even -more curious: In the centre of the medal is a table 
covered with a cloth. On the front of the cloth a shield is 
embroidered; or, in the language of heraldry, an escutcheon. 
On this is a castle with three towers, on each side of which a 
lion stands, as a supporter of the arms. These are the armorial 
bearings of Hamburg, a large city of Germany. On the table 
is an open book, representing the Bible probably, behind which, 
as a support, is a candlestick, the candle in which is burning. 
Immediately over the book, light is represented bursting forth 
from the heavens, in the midst of which is seen the word: 
"Jehovah," in Hebrew letters. The legend, which refers to 
the holiness resulting from the Reformation, is as follows: 
"DeIn gott LIChs wert Das heLLe LICht 
Las Ia beI Vns Los Chen nICht" 
Which has been translated literally as: "This holiness (the 
glorious results of the Reformation) is the (a) blight light that 
keeps the weary saint from being lost." 

The glorious Reformation's light, 

That saves the waiting soul from endless night. 

( )n the edge (the milling) of this medal, in raised Roman 
letters, is: "wird vergeiien nimermehr gotts wort und 
LUTHERS LEHR-," meaning that: Never more will pass away 
God's word and Luther's doctrine. 

As a specimen of the mode of blending dates- with the state- 
ment of facts connected with events, this medal is useful;^ also 
for showing the devices used by medalists for conveying ideas 
to posterity. Every figure is suggestive of things connected 
with the Reformation. The open Bible, instead of the Missal; 
the table covered with a cloth, instead of the altar without s 
covering; the sacred name of Jehovah, instead of the image of 
the Virgin Mary. 

Many other methods of illustration are common among 
medalists, but the general principles that govern men in the 
choice of imagery are the same; the execution, style, material 
and character vary with the occasion, the skill, fashion, degree 
civilization and language of the age. 



One other class of medals may be alluded to: those struck 
at times of public rejoicing, or of great political excitement, 
which are frequently produced in great numbers, at as cheap a 
price as possible. These are often instructive, sometimes 
valuable for the portraits they bear of persons of note in their 
day, and evidences of the state of art at the time. 

Medals have been sold at a cent apiece, or less, when (lie 
dies from which they were "struck up" have cost hundreds of 
dollars. The metal of which they are made is as thin as the 
fmsst tissue paper, the two sides fitting together like a pill- 
box, and the inside filled with waste material to give solidity. 
Such medals are frequently master-pieces in their way. They 
belong more particularly to the time in which we live; and 
show the advancement of the age in art, manufacture and 
enterpr S3. 

The only coins that need be mentioned now are those singular 
pieces of money used a century ago in northern Europe. They 
are merely square pieces of copper, on which the name of the 
reigning monarch and the value of the metal are struck. We 
read that in 1360 leather money was used in Prance. Various 
other materials have been and still are used in different coun- 
tries. Other forms of money may be noticed incidentally 
when describing the various curiosities in "Our Museum." 



-cH— <^— *4*" 



IMPOLITE THIN"G-S. 



L 



OUD and boisterous laughing. 

Reading when others are talking. 
Reading aloud in company without being asked. 
Talking when others are reading. 
Spitting about the house, smoking, or chewing. 
Cutting finger nails in company. 
Leaving a meeting before the service is closed. 
Whispering or laughing in the house of God. 
Gazing rudely at strangers. 
Leaving a stranger without a seat. 
A want of respect and reverence for seniors. 
Correcting older persons than yourself, especially parents. 
Receiving a present without an expression of giatitude. 
Making yourself hero of your own story. 
Laughing at the mistakes of others. 
Joking others in company. 

Commencing talking before others have finished speak in 
Answering questions that have been put others. 
Commencing to eat as soon as you get to the table, and 
Not listening to what one is saying in company. 



GrtsEPPE Gaspardo Mezzopanti, the prodigy vim spoke 
fifty-six languages, was the son of a poor carpenter of Bologna, 
where he was born in 1774. He died in Rome in 1840. llis 
father designed him for the paternal calling. His workbench 
happening to be under the window where Father Respighi was 
instructing some private pupils in Greek and Latin, young 
Mezzofanti picked up the words by car. and surp;iscd his 
unconscious teacher when, one day, without knowing ill ! Greek 
alphabet or ever having seen a Greek book, he repeated and 
accurately explained a great number of the words which had 
fallen on his cars while at work. 



If we lose a piece of good money, we may find it again; 
but if we lose a piece (if good temper, it is lust fir . • 





SIS 



JUYBITILE IUSTBUCTOB 




SJyEART DU1TGES. 




Fisher Auies entered Harvard at the age of twelve, and 
Edward Everett at thirteen ; Bishop Ileber translated 
"Phcedrus' into English at seven; Anna Steward repeated 
from memory the first three books of '"Paradise Lost" at nine; 
and Lord Brougham wrote on philosophy at eighteen. 

But all eminent men since have nut been remarkable for 
early attainments. Some of the grandest spirits that the 
world has ever known — men whose works and memory are 
enduring — were regarded in youth as dunces. They flowered 
late, but bore the rarest fruit. 

It is somewhat discouraging for a boy of moderate abilities 
who aims to do his best, to be told that others accomplish in 
childhood what he can do only by hard study in the best years 
of his youth. But such a boy should not relax his effort*. 
He will succeed, if he gives his heart and mind to the work. 

That distinguished teacher, Dr. Arnold, of Rugby, after 
speaking of those who zealously cultivated inferior powers of 
mind, said of such a pupil: "I would stand to that man hat in 
hand." He once spoke sharply to a dull boy, who replied: 

"Why do you speak to angrily, sir? In leed I am doing the 
best I can." 

Dr. Arnold said he never so felt a rebuke in his life. 

Sir Isaac Newton was pronounced a dunce in his early school 
days. He stood low in his class, and seemed to have no 
relish for study. One day the "bright boy" of the school 
gave him a kick in the stomach, which caused him severe 
pain. The insult stung young Newton to the quick, and he 
resolved to make himself felt and respected by improved 
scholarship. He applied himself resolutely to study, and, ere 
long, stood in his classes above 'li" boy win had kicked him, 
and ultimately bcca.ne the first scholar in the school. 

Newton owed his pre-eminence in his philosophical studies 
more to perseverance and application than to any marvelous 
natural endowment*. 

Oliver Goldsmith, than whom no boy could appear more 
stupid, was the butt of ridicule at school. A school-dame, 
after wonderful patience and perseverance, taught, him the 
alphabet — a thing which she deemed creditable to her skill, 
and which she lived to mention with pride when her pupil 
became famous. He made no progress in the exact studies, 
but liked history and Latin poetry. 

He was a sore trial to bis ambitious mother, who made 
many fruitless efforts to quicken his wits by her sham words. 
His relatives, teachers, and schoolmates all told him that he 
was a fool, which verdict lie did no', dispute, but took it good- 
humoredly. Even when he bad produced the "Traveler," an 
eminent critic said to a friend: "Sir, I do believe that Gold- 
smith wrote that poem, and that, let me tell you, is believing a 
great aeal." 

Sit Walter Scott was a dull boy, and. when attending the 
University at Edinburgh he went by the name of "The Great 
Blockhead." But he wasted no time on trifles, and, in 
pursuing a study that he loved — as, for example, history or 
the classics — he was persevering and method'c .1. lb: was one 
of tiose whose knowledge of a subject that interested mankind 
increased until it lay like a great volume in his mind. When 
Walter Scott began to make use of that knowledge, society 
gave him another name, somewhat different from the Edin- 
burgh appellation. It was "The Great Magician." 

Hutton, the antiquarian, whose knowledge of books was 
deemed remarkable, was slow to learn when a boy. He was 
sent to school to a certain Mr. Meat. He thus tells his 



experience: "My master took occasion to beat my head against 
the wall, holding it by the hair, but he never could beat any 
learning into it." 

Sheridan found it hard to acquire the elements of learning. 
His mother deemed it her duty to inform his teacher that he 
was not bright to learn like other boys. Adam Clarke was 
pronounced by his father to be "a grievous dunce," and Dr. 
Chalmers was pronounced an "incorrigible" one. Chatterton 
was dismissed from school by his master, who, finding himself 
unable to teach him anything in a satisfactory manner, settled 
it that the boy was a "fool." 

Teachers are apt to become impatient over dull scholars, and 
to predict of them that they will never come to anything. 
Such uncalled-for prophecies ought not to discourage any 
scholar who tries to do well. 

If a dull boy feels an inspiration stirring within to do some- 
thing worthy in literature, science or art, let him set his face 
as a flint toward his object; let him be patient, hopeful and 
self-reliant, unmoved by laughter, undiscouraged by evil 
prophecies. — [Moravian. 



CHARADE. 



BY ANNIE E. CARLYLE. 



I am composed of 1 7 letters: 

My 10, 3, 7, 2, is the name of a prophet: 

My .5, Ifi, 17, 1, is a useful article; 

My ('), 11, 13, 9, is a large number of people: 

My 14, 7, 1, 12, X, If), is what we ought not to do; 

My 4, 9, 7, 2, is the name of a Territory; 

My 2, 4, 10, 14, is to pursue; 

My 11, 16, 9, is a kind of grain; 

My 6, 11, If, is indispensable to the gardener; 

My whole is an injunction contained in the Decalogue. 



The answer to the Charade published in No. 16 is: Sweden- 
BORGIANS. We have received correct solutions from J. 
Stirling, Coalville; William M. Haines and Edith M. Thurston, 
Hyde Park; J. M. Ballinger, Pleasant Grove; Eleazer Evans, 
Lehi; Sarah Jensen. Brigham City; Annie E. Carlyle, 
Nebraska City, Neb.; George H. Thomas, Helen Williams, 
Nellie Kesler, Parthenia Kesler and M. E. Letham, Salt 
Lake City. 



Always be good-natured if you can. A few drops of oil 
will do more to facilitate the movement of the most stubborn 
machinery than rivers of vinegar. 

CTTJ-ATEItTIIjIE: I1TSTE/TJCTOB 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q- CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Singh Cojjy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




