jiQt,mBss wo WaSLQSlf, 




VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 10, 1875. 



NO. 14 



IsrE^WFOTJISriDL^iTID J^lfTT^ THE OOID FISH 




NE\VFOUNDLAND is noted for at least three things — fogs, 
dogs and Cod fish. It is its relation to the last named 
that brings it before our notice at the present time. 

When Newfoundland, was fi,rst visited by Europeans it was 
found to contain two distinct native races, one termed Red 
Indians, because they painted their bodies red, and the other 
Esquimaux. Both of these races have now almost, if not 
entirely passed away; but their place has been supplied by 
some Mic mac, or Salt- Water Indians, so called because they 
always dwell near the sea shore. The Mic-mac Indians were 
taken to the island (for Newfoundland is entirely surrounded 
by wat«r) from Cape Breton and Nova Scotia, and they carried 
on a savage war with the original inhabitants until the latter 
were almost entirely exter- 
minated. A'female of the 
Red Indian tribe was cap- 
tured in 1818, and from 
her a vocabulary of their . 
language was obtained. 

There is a tradition that 
states that Newfoundland 
was settled at a very early 
period bv one Biron, a sea 
king, or pirate, of Iceland; 
but of the truth of this 
statement we have no pres- 
ent evidence. However, it 
is well known who first 
brought it to notice in mod- 
ern times. John Cabot, 
a native of Venice, but in 
the naval service of Henry GUTTING AND 

VII., king of England, discovered one of its- headlands, which 
he named Bona Vista, on the 24tli of June, 1497. He took 
three of the Indians whom he found on the island back to 
England with him. They are described as being dressed in 
skins, and speaking a language which no person could under- 
stand. It was afterwards visited by ships from France and 
Portugal, who gave glowing accounts to their countrymen of : 
the value of its Cod fishery, which statements soon attracted | 
numbers of fishermen to its coasts. Newfoundland still 
remains in the posse.s.sion of the Crown of England. 

Many of our young readers have gathered to Utah from 
foreign lands, and by far the greater portion of these have 
crossed the Atlantic ocean from Liverpool to New York. It 




is needless to tell such that Newfoundland lies in the Atlantic 
ocean, off the American coast, as they will well remember the 
fogs and rough weather they passed through oflF its banks. 

The general shape of Newfoundland is triangular, but the 
coast line, about one thousand miles, is deeply indented with 
inlets, gulfs and bays. A number of large lakes cover a great 
extent of its interior. 

This vast island reposes upon an immense bank, the contin- 
uation of which has been observed all the way to No^a Scotia. 
It is apparently a mass of solid rock, having a very wild and 
rugged appearance from the sea, and being anything but 
inviting, Its interior has been but very little explored. In 
1823 a Jlr. Cormack succeeded in traversing its breadth, from 

Conception Bay on the 
east to St. George's Bay 
on the west; and from his 
account it appears that a 
portion of it at least is 
much intersected with 
lakes and rivers, but poorly 
wooded, and of a barren 
and rocky soil. Several 
high hills are situated near 
the centre of the island, 
and the inland country is 
reported to be as generally 
undulating, so that lakes, 
rocks, marshes and occa- 
sional rising ground, with 
little or no vegetation, con- 
stitute its chief features. 
CLEANING. Its greatest length is 325 

miles; its greatest breadth 310 miles, and its population about 
I(i2,(l00 soulf. Its chief town, or capital, is called St. 
Johns. 

The wild animals found in Newfoundland are the cariboo, 
bear, wolf, hare, beaver, martin, wild cat and fox. Land and 
aquatic (water) birds abound. In the adjacent waters swarm 
cod, caplin, herrings and seals. The Newfoundland dog, such 
a favorite among boys and girls, tor its size, sagacity and 
fidelity, is now rarely found of imre blood, but is crossed with 
an endless variety of other breeds. 

The iisland is ruled by a governor apjiointed by the Crown of 
England. He retains his office at the pleasure of that govern- 
ment. 





15S 



Cr TJ AT" E 3^ I H. E IlsrSTI^TJGTOI^. 




Nowtouncli:incl is inseparablj' associated with fish in the 
mind of aliimst every person, as it forms the principal article 
of export frimi the island; in fact, the greater porlion of its 
population depend upon the fisheries for their subsistence, and 
one j'ear's failure of the supply would he attended with the 
most disastrous effects. The southern, eastern and western 
coasts are studded with little villages and towns, whose inhab- 
itants live almost entirely by fishing, which is somewhat 
precarious, depending, as it does to a great extent, on the state 
of the weather and the supply of herrings, which are exten- 
wvely used for bait. In one week an expert hand can catch a 
ton in weight; but tlicre are times when he can not catch more 
than one fifth that amount. But more about these fisheries in 
our next. 

(To he Continued.) 



m^^' < .■^^>«-' 



j^ 2^oiDEii^.nsr sj^is^soisr. 




TnoMAS, cr Tom Gardner, as he was familiarly called, was born 
on the river St. John, one mile above the month of the 
jMactaquaek stream, in the year 179S. A'iewed casually, 
Gardner gave no evideni'e of unusual power, but when strijiped 
hi* muscular development was tremendous, and it is affirmed 
that instead of the ordin.-iry ribs he possessed a solid bony wall 
on either side, and that there was no .separation whatever. He 
.stood five feet ten and a half inches, erect and full chested, and 
never exceeded 190 pounds in weight. 

The late Charles Long informed us that at one time he saw 
Oardner lift from a towboat a puncheon of corn, containing at 
least twelve bushels, and, swinging around, deposit in on the 
sand. In so doing he tore the sole off his boot. On another 
occasion a number of men were trying to lift a stick of timber. 
In all the crowd only one man could raise it about two inches 
above the skids. Gardner told ten men to sit upon it, and then 
lifted it so hisrh thit the men had to jump off to save them- 
s Ives from the fall, Mr, JIcKean has h-equently known him 
in lifting to break boom poles six inches thick. He has 
known him also with one hand to lift, by the round of a chair, 
the chair i.self and a man weighing nearly 200 .weight. Once 
in attempting to lift a very heavy man he wrenched the round 
from the chair, 

(rirdnerat onetime was possessed ot a balky horse with 
which he exercised great patience; but when patience ceased 
to be a virtue he would fell him to the ground with his clenched 
fist, striking him behind the ear. It is related of Gardner's 
sister that on one occasion a famous wrestler traveled all the 
wav from Miramichi to Tom's home in order to "try a fall 
with him." Tom was absent, but the sister, looking coutempt- 
ously upon the intruder, declared she could throw him herself; 
suiting the action to the word, in a fiiir trial she threw him 
fairly three times in succession. The stranger's experience 
■withthe s;.ster was .sufficient; heneversought a future interview 
with the brother. 

The greatest feat which Gardner was ever known to perform 
was on one of the wharves in St. John. Mr. jNFcKean saw 
him lift and carry an anchor weighing 1,200 pounds; numbers 
iif other witn9S,ses were .standing by, some of whom are yet 
alive. Frequently he has seen him carrying a barrel under 
each arm. and once he saw him shoulder a barrel of pork while 
Stan lins in an ordinary brandy box. When about 40 years of 
age Gardner removed to the United States, and never returned 
to his native province; and of his histcry since that time nothing 
is definitely known. — Selected. 



XJnsriD-EI?. THIE! SITOAAT. 



From ''All the Year Round." 



( Continued. ) 



rpnE cold began to lay hold of me. When I tried to describe 



T' 



to mv grandfather what I saw, he heard that my teeth 
chattered. He told me to make haste and clear the trap, and 
as far as I could reach around the aperture of the chimney. It 
took some time, and was hard work; but it warmed me. 
Following my grandfather's directions, I passed the string I 
had brought tlirough a pulley, in such a way that, by pulling 
from below, the trap ■ would open, while its own weight 
would cause it to shut. When we had rehearsed this little 
manoeuvre two or three times, to see that it worked properly, 
I descended more easily than I had mounted, 

]My clothes were all wet, and I had no others to put on. We 
lighted a bright fire of twigs and fir-cones; and then, lowering 
the trap and leaving no more than the necessary sjMce for the 
smoke to escape, we spent the greater part of the day by the 
chimney-corner, with no other light than that from the hearth; 
for our stock of oil was very small, and we clearly saw that we 
must not expect to quit our prison so soon. We did n^t light 
our lamp till it was time to milk the goat. 

We find it a very unaccustomed and melancholy life, to iiave 
to drag through a whole day in this dull manner. Still I 
think that the hours would be less wearisome, if we were not 
living in a constant state of expectation. It always seems as 
if some one were on the point of comine to rescue us. I mount- 
ed a second time upon the roof to look whether anybody had 
arrived; I incessantly questioned grandpajia. He is in hopes, 
he says, that my father reached home safely; but perhaps the 
roads are completely choked by the drifted snow. 

At last, after completely closing the chimney by means of 
the trap, we went to bed, hoping that somebody miglit come 
to our assistance to-day; but this morning we find that, for the 
present, the thing is almost impossible. As far as we can ob- 
serve, it must have snowed all night. We had considerable 
difficulty in opening the traj) to light our fire; I found two 
feet of fresh snow. 

November 25. — The snow continues to fiill abundantly. I 
have again had great diifieulty in raising the trap. AVe think 
it prudent to clear the roof of a portion of the snow with which 
it is laden. It employed a great part of the day. I leave un- 
der my feet a layer of snow sufficientlj^ thick to kec]) out the 
cold, and I throw off the rest. 

It is some amusement to escape out of my dungeon for a 
little while; and yet, what I do see is very .sad. The inequa- 
lities of the ground around us are scarcelj' distinguishable; the 
whole landscape is most forlorn. The earth is white, the sky 
is black. I have read at school the narratives of voyages in 
the Icy Sea and the Polar regions; I fancy we must be trans- 
ported there. But since those wretched travelers, who suf- 
fered so much from cold and incurred such great dangers, have 
sometimes returned to their native land, I hope that we also 
shall see my father and our village again. 

We are not deprived of every comfort in our sequestered 
habitation. We have found more hay and straw than Blan- 
chette would consume in a whole twelvemonth for food and 
bedding. If .she continues to yield us milk, we have in her a 
valuable resource. But an accident might deprive us of her; 
and we were very glad to find, in a corner of the stable, a small 
stock of potatoes. We have begun to cover them with straw. 



V\*oi>^: 





O-TJ^En^ILE in^STI^TJCTOI^. 



1£9 





to protect them from the frost. Jly father had packed the 
woodstack also iu the stable; but there is not enough to carry 
us through a long winter. We did right, therefore, in thinking 
of closing the trap at the times when we have no urgent need 
of fire; as we have reason to fear that our fuel may run short, 
it is a good thing to be able to keep out the cold. Fortunately, 
the snow, which imprisons us, also shelters us. I am surprised 
that we feel the cold so little, buried up as we are. "That 
is why," my grandfather ob.served, "the young wheat gets 
through the winter so well. " We will do the same. We will 
lie snug and close all the winter, and in spring we will put our 
heads out of the wmdow. But what a weari.some time we 
have to get through till then ; and God grant that that 
may be all we have to sufler! 

To make up for the wood we have a heap of fir-cones, which 
I partly collected myself, to burn at the village. It is a 
mere chance they were not taken there. And in short, if we 
are driven to it. we shall not hesitate to burn the ha3'-raoks 
and the mangers in the stable. When it becomes a question 
of life and death, we must not look too closely at trifles; we shall 
be acting like the navigators who cast their cargoes into the sea. 

Our people had already in part unfurnished the chalet. 
What we regret the least, is the great caldron for making 
cheese. They have left us a few nece.ssavy kitchen utensils; 
and besides a hatchet all jagged at the edges, and a saw 
which will hardly cut. We have each of us a pocket knife. 
Although our housekeeping articles are very incomplete, we 
shall manage to get on with these. We much more regret 
the provisions: ours are but scanty. What a pity we could 
only find three loaves, of the sort wh'ch are kept for a whole 
year in the mountain, and v.'hioh are obliged at la^t to be chop- 
ped up with a hatchet! We also found plenty of salt, a 
small quantity of ground coffee, five bottles of old white wine, 
a little oil, and a small stock of pork lard. 

We have only one bed, but we sleep at our ease. Accord- 
ing to our mountain custom, it is big enough to hold five or 
six persons. It stands in the corner of our only living-room, 
which is also the kitchen and the cheese factoiy. Only one 
blanket has been left us; if it is not enough we must make use 
of hay and straw. "I only wish." I said "that I could do as 
the marmots do, go to sleep and remain torpid till the return 
of spring. 

November 2(i. — While examining the state of our furni- 
ture and provisions, I have searched in every corner, to see if 
I could not find some books. I knew that my father never 
went up to the chalet without taking with him a Bible and 
gcveral religious books, which he read to the workmen on 
Sundays, to supply in some degree the public service which 
they attend in the village. But, apparently, he had sent his' 
little library away. 

We much regretted, in our solitary prison, not this means 
of sustaining and consoling ourselves during the long watches. 
To-day having noticed behind the old oak wardrobe, a plank 
which somebody had stuck there out of the way, I pulled it 
out, thinking that it might serve some useful purpose. With 
it, there fell down an old dusty book which must have been 
lost and forgotten for several years. It was a Bible. 

November 27. — Continually snowing! It is rare to see so 
great a quantity fall even at this season, and on the movintains 
In spite of that, I cannot get over my surprise at my father' 3 
not coming to our as.sistance, nor can I help expressing it. 
Hitherto, my grandfather has not allowed me to perceive his 
uneasiness: our conversation to-daj' has shown that he is not 

.ss alarmed than myself 



"In fact," I said, "this immense fall of snow did not come 
all at once. On the first, the second, and even the third day 
of our captivity, they might, one would think, have cleared a 
path up to the chalet. ' ' 

"I am certain," said my grandfather, "that Francnis has 
done all he could; but perhaps he could not get on,- friends 
and neighbors to share his fears, and it was out of his power 
to rescue us without assistance." 

"i>o j'ou believe that, if it had been ])ossible to fetch us 
away, they would have left us here, at the risk of Ending us 
dead in the spring? Can they be less humane than the per- 
sons of whom we read in the newspapers, who iniike the 
greatest exertions, often at the peril of tnei)' lives, to sa\esome 
unfortunate fellow-creature who is buried in a mine, ii; digging 
a Will, or under a vault whieii has fallen in?" 

"I grant, mj' dear Louis, that our position is very ,-;i 1; but, 
after all, thej' know that we are under .shelter, and have Mime 
lu'ovisions. " 

We went on for some tiuie in this strain. When my grand- 
father was silent, I took his hands in mine, and said: 

"Hide nothing from me, I entreat you. Tell me, a:e you 
not quite as uneasy as I am? Speak frankly. I am able to 
bow with resignation to the will of God; I therefore deserve 
your confidenee. Acquaint me with j'our suppositions, and do 
not let me torment myself with my own alone. I had rather 
look misfortune full in the face, and know what you really 
think." 

"Well, my poor boy, I cannot deny that I fear some accident 
has happened to your father. Now it has come to this I had 
better tell you so at once. But, in short, I hardly kno\if what 
to think of it; because, in defau't of him, other ijerson, ought 
to have borne us in mind." 

( To be Continued.) 



SJ^nSTZDAATIGH: TSU.J^. ISTIDS. 



EXTKAf'TS FROM THE EDITOR S .lOURNAL. 



IN April, 1854, I had occa.sion to vi.^it the island oi Hawaii 
(the Owyhee of Captain Cook) for the purpose of \isiting 
the Saints and people of that i.-land. In those days money 
was very scarce w^th the elders, and we had not the means to 
transport us from island to island on the regular vessels which 
sailed in those seas. I, therefore, in companj' with several of 
the brethren, traveled, preaching by the -way, throu,i:h the 
uneven and rough country that lay between Lahain.i, the 
principal .seaport of the island of 3Iaui, to Kawaipai^a on 
eastern Maui, at a point considered the best to embark at and 
cross the channel to Hawaii. Our company consisted of 
Elder Reddick N. Allred, who was at that time presiding on 
the island of Maui; Elder J, H. Napela, who ha.s since visited 
this place and four native elders belonging to Maui, who had 
been appointed to labor in the ministry on the Lsland of 
Hawaii. Their names were Kaelepulu, Kapono, Hoopiiaina 
and Peleleu. The channel which we had to cross was at 
times very rough and dangerous and many lives had been lost 
in it; but we had fiiith to believe that the Lord would pre- 
serve us in crossing, although our vessel was one that very 
few white men would care to venture out to sea in. It was a 
canoe hollowed out of a tree. Both ends of the canoe had 
boards fitted in as a sort of a deck, which was covered with 
mats. These mats were lashed to the canoe and made the 
top of the deck as round as a log and perfectly water-tight. 
You would think this deck a curious place to go to sea on 





160 



Cr TJ "V E 3^ I H. E IIsrSTI^TJCTOI^ 





yet the native islanders were perched on both ends of" the 
canoe on this deck with their paddles to row the canoe when 
the wind did not blow. In the centre of the canoe a certain 
space was left for us to sit in, and sides were formed by lash- 
ing mats to some poles that were raised above the edge of the 
canoe. In this place the natives had fixed plenty of mats so 
that we could sit or recline as suited us, very comfortably. 
Lashed across the canoe were two poles, each a little distance 
from the end of the canoe. These poles extended six or eifiht 
feet into the water, and fastened to their ends was a board, 
which ran parallel with the canoe. This we call an outrigger 
and is for the purpose of keeping the canoe I a'anced when 
the sail was hoisted. On these poles, when the wind eoni- 
meneed to blow the islanders sat, easing up and bearins down 
according to the strength of the wind, so as to keep the canoe 
from capsizing. The greater part of the time some portion of 
their bodies was in the water. But the sea has no terrors for 
the Sandwich Islander. I could tell you some very extraordin- 
ary stories of their endurance in swimming, and probably shall 
do so in some future number. They can .swim in the svater for 
hours without being at all fatigued. When I looked at these 
men perched on the deck of the canoe, it looked like going to 
sea on a log; and had 1 not been familiar with the skill of the 
natives in managing their canoes, and had some confidence in 
my own powers as a swimmer with them to aid me in the 
water, I should .scarcely have ventured in .such a craft as this 
was. We prayed to the Lord before we starlel to eii'e us a 
pleasant and favorable voyage, and the natives said they had 
never had a m!ire favorable time. Wc reached Upotu on the 
island of Hawaii between three and four o'elnck, having 
started from 3Iaui about eicht o'clock in the morning. 

While upon this subject. I may say that we returned to 
Upolu after our visit had ended, and again crossed the channel 
back to Maui, but this time we did not have a single canoe. 
One of the native Saints and his son had procured two new 
canoes and had lashed them together as was the /a.shion in 
former days, for their chie.s, by fastening pieces of timber 
across both canoes, the latter being from foer to six 1r( t ajiart. 
This was called in their language kaitlua. Our iilace lo sit or 
recline was arranged I etween the canoes, by laying down 
boards and covering them with mats, making quite . i.Cort.- 
able floor for us to sit ujHin, and in the centre of i us ':e mast 
was raised and fastened. As in the ea.se of the si. ' ■ canoe, 
boards were fastened at the ends, with mats lying over them 
to keep out the water, making a deck to the canoe, v hile a 
.small place was left in the coutre of both canoe for ^ul:le of 
the natives to sit, and. if necessary, bail out v.a*er. We left 
the four native elders on the island, and brought away one 
with us, who was released from his mission to return to Maui. 
His name was Kailihune. Our return jiassage was rough a 
good part cf the distance, as we had a good stijf breeze about 
two-thirds of the way across. Then the wind died out; but 
we prayed to the Ijord for more wind and our prayers were 
an.swered. We were between six and .seven hours in making 
the passage. I shall not describe to you any ather instances 
of our journey around the island at tlie present time, but will 
give you an account of a visit which we made to the famous 
volcano on that island — the largest vol''ano in the Avorld. Its 
name is Kilauea. Our party had swelled, ini-lndimr, whites 
and natives, to about twenty in number. In addition to Brr.ther 
Allred there were of our jiarty Elder Thomas Karren, who 
now lives at Lehi; Elder James Kecler, who, I believe, 
resides on the Sevier, and Elder Edgerton Snider, who has 
since died. Brother James Lawson, of this citv, was also 



with our party, but having seen the volcano, he did not ascend 
with us. On account of our numbers we had to go on foot as 
we had not money to hire animals. The district of Hilo 
through which our road principally lay, is very fruitful and 
productive. 

We left Waiakea (or, as it is called by the whites, Byron's 
Bay), for the mountain, earlj' in the morning, (lur road was 
tolerably good; in many places the roots of ferns, which grow 
in great profusion all through the district, were laid crosswise 
— jorduroy fashion — making it pretty good walking. 

It is a singular looking country along here for .some miles; 
its surface is undulating, and appears as though it had been 
formed by the frequent deposits of lava flowing from the 
crater. The soil is very rich in places, and covered with Ici^ 
fern, and occasional patches of timber. The latter part of the 
road, however, vra,!^ paJcochoe or lava, who.se scanty covering of 
soil was worn off by the constant travel of man and beast. 
In places this lava vras very smooth and s'ippery; and, coding 
as it ran, it had formed itself into fantastic shapes of every 
form and variety. 

We passed through several small villages where they raise 
kalo — their principal article of food — in tolerable abundance, 
and for which they find ready sale at the bay. Our appearance 
was generally hailed by the cry of "the white men," and 
troops of boys and girls, as well as grown up natives, rushed 
to the road side to .scrutinize us, and ask questions, which 
gave us a good opportunity to lay our principles, to some small 
extent, before them, W'hieh were productive of some good, for, 
when wc returned froiu the crater a few days afterwards, we 
had the pleasure of baptizing several and organizing a small 
branch. We reached the iialf way house at a p'lace called 
Olaa, about the middle of tie afternoon. Here we thought 
to stay all night, but the man of the house whose name was 
iMakua, manifested sueh a spirit of extortion and unkindness 
that we concluded not to stay with him. We had brought a 
letter of introduction to him from a relative, which in that 
country is always a passport to kindness among that people. 
It did not have the least effect, howerer, on this churl; all his 
desire apparently was to obtain money, and his demeanor 
disgusted us. His demands were so exorbitant that we could 
not possibly meet them. We did not know what to do, as it 
had been raining heavily and we were all wet and there were 
no houses near. There was a j'oung man by the name of 
Keawehika present during our conversation with Makua. 
lie seemed al.so disgustel with the latter's conduct, and said he 
wi.shed he had met u- di.wn at his house, we could have 
stayed there, 'Tor," said he, "the ahJia (love) has sprung up 
in my heart fin- you." We said to him if it was agreeable we 
would return with him. He readily assented and we gladly 
walked back to his house, two miles down the mountain, 
thinking the distance nothing if we could onlj* get away from 
Makua ^ pir.ce. This young man, although a perfect stranger, 
kindly and hospitably opened his house to us, furnished us 
with food, killed a pig for us to eat and did everything in his 
power to make us comfortable, and the next morning insisted 
on accompanying us as a guide to the volcano; yet for all this 
kindness he would accept no pay in return. It gives me 
pleasure, however, to state that when we returned to his 
house after our visit to the volcano we held meetings and he 
with others of his neighbors was baptized into the Church. 
The next morning after breakfast we resumed our journey. 
(To he Continued.) 



Be cautious in giving advice, and consider before you follow it, 





JU "V^ E n^ I Z_, E in^STi^UCTOI?.. 



161 




^farie^ ^,!j0trt mU\. 



BY J. fj. HARFOOT. 



( Continued, ) 



THE WOLA^ERINE. (Gah Z-wcus. -Linn-eis) 




AccoRDixn to Stansburj-, the Wolverine is not found fartlier 
west than this Territory; it is now \'er}' rarely met witli 
here, and will probably soon cease to be found among us. We 
can spare him, for he is a troublesome customer. It is said 
that ordinary traps fur catching wild animals are of uo use to 
cateh the Wolverine, on account of his great strength and 
destructive propensities. Tiavelers and trappers of the 
prairies give him a had character for breaking into "eaebps." 
or places where provisions or skins are hidden in the ground. 
The keen .scent of this animal enables liim to ferret them out, 
and his powerful limbs can remove almost any weight which 
may be placed upon the articles concealed. Confinement in 
the menagerie by no means improves the disposition of ]\Ir. 
Wolverine. 

Naturalists say there .ire links in the chain of creation by 
which all animals are connected togetlier, constituting a sort of 
family relationship; this is seen in tracing the physical struc- 
ture, as it doubtless miy be in the mental characteristics, of 
animals. The Wolverine must be related to the growlers, 
judging of him as seen in captivity; his life is one incessant 
snarl. AVhen anvone approaches, the (juick ear and eye, ]>rob- 
ably the sense of smell also, enables the animal to know it, 
in an instant it is on the alert, when it springs forward to the 
attack, utterius its threatening snarl in consecutive jerks or 
e.^plosive sounds. This habit increases when in a menagerie, 
as everybody endeavors to irritate it; most people lilvC to see 
the nnaniiable qualities of animals exhibited. 

The Wolverine, like the bear, wild cat, lynx and coyote, that 
have been described in former articles, belongs to the carniv- 
orous, or flesh-eating animals. These animals also belong to 
the higher order of vertebrates, that is, creatines having a back 
bone, or sjiinal column. This is a distinguishing feature of the 
vertebrates, in which the centre of the nervous system, as in 
the spinal cord, is separated from the alimentary (the food 
preparing) and the circulatory (arterial and venous) apparatus. 
Another important feature is the apparatus for receiving, 
preparing (digesting) and assihiilating food, which is situated 
on the ventral part of the body, and is in front of the verte- 
bras, as in the stomach and its appendages in man, or len;ath 
the spinal column, as in the lower animals (quadrupeds, etc. ) 
Another distinction of the vertebrates is the limbs, which are 
in pairs (as the arms and legs, or analogous parts.) Another 
is that they have hearts with Jour cavitie-^, lungs and dia- 
phragm (the membranous partition between the upper and 
lower bowels); and they all po.'^se.ss maniiilary glands for secret- 
ing milk foi' their youn.g. 

These are the most important anatomical characteristics to 
remember, as all mammalia (animals suckling their young) 
possess these (a'ld of course others) as may be seen by con.sult- 
ing works on anatomy. The ainriuores are also distinguished 
by the po.ssession of suitaljle organs, parts or aiJijendages by 
which they are adapted to their surroundings, as teeth, claws, 
etc. But there are other vertebrates besides wild beasts, and 
other mammalia also to notice, and it will be seen that all 
animals are constructed ujiou common plans. 






ITiiTnr.R'.S cross," said Blaggie, coming into the kitchen 

iiJ. with a pout on her lips. Her aunt was busy ironing, 
but she looked up and said: "Then this is the very time for 
you to be pleasant and helpful. iMother was awake nearly all 
night with the baby." 

Maggie made no reply. She put on her hat and walked 
of}" into the garden, but a new idea went with her. Thinking 
of her aant3''s words, she said to herself : "The very timi» to 
be helpful and pleasant is when other people are cross. Now's 
the time for me to try and be useful. I remember when I 
was sick last year, I was .so nervous, that if any one spoke to 
me, I could hardly help being cross; but mother never got 
angry or out of patience. She was as gentle as could be with 
me. I ought to pay it back now, and I will." 

She sprang from the grass, where she had thrown herself 
down, and went into the house. Her mother was minding the 
baby, who was teething, and very fretful. JIaggie brought the 
pretty ivory bells, and liegan to jingle them for the little one. 
He stopped fretting and began to smile. 

'■(Jouldn't I take him out to ride in his carriage, mother, it 
is such a nice morning?"' .'^he asked. 

"I should be very glad if .vou would," said her mother. 

Tile li t tie hat and sacque were brought, and baby was soon ready 
for the ride. 

"I will keep him out as long as [ can," said Maggie, "and 
you please lie down on the .sofa, mother dear, and take a imp 
while I an. gone. You look very tired." 

Th.,,5e kind, thoughtful words of Maggie, and the kiss that 
went with them, wi^-e almost too much lor her mother. Tears 
filled her eyes and her voice trembled, as she said: 

"Thank you, my darling. It will do me a world of good if 
you will keep him out an hour; for my head aches badly this 
morning, and the air will do him good, too." 

llow happy jNIaggie Iclt as she was trundling the little 
carriage up and down the walk. She was denying herself, and 
it alwa3'S makes us happy to do this. And then she made the 
baby happy, and made her mother happy. And this is the 
way to bless people. Suppose we were all trj-ing to deny 
ourselves and do good, as little iJaggie was, what blessings we 
should be wherever we v\-eut, and how happy our lives would be. 



A A^ALUABLE Lesson eor All. — Look most to your spend- 
ings. No matter what comes in, if more goes out vou will 
always be poor. The art is not in making money, but in 
keeping it; little expenses,. like mice in a barn, when there are 
many, make great waste. Hair by hair heads grow bald; 
straw by straw the thatch goes off the cottage, and drop by 
drop the rain comes in the chamber. A barrel is soon empty 
if the tap leaks but a drop a minute; when you mean to save, 
begin with your mouth; many things pa.ss down the red lane. 
The ale jug is a great waste. In all other things keep within 
comjjass. Never stretch your legs further than the blanket 
will stretch, Oi' 3'ou will soon be cold. In clothes, choose 
suitable and lasting stuff, and not tawdry fineries. To be 
warm is the main thing, never mind the looks. A fool ma}' 
make money, but it needs a wise man to spend it. Remember 
it is easier to build two chimneys than to keep one going. If 
you give all to back and board, there is nothing left for the 
savings bank. Fare hard and work hard while you are young, 
and you will have a chance to rest when you are old. 





16S 



CTTJ^IEin^ILE insrSTI^TJOTOI?." 




.^. 



ffh? ilwi^^nil^ l(njjtrttdat[. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


- - 


- EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, JULY 


10, 


1875. 




EIDITOK/IJ^H, THZOTJG-HTTS. 

HEAT numbers of volumesliavi been writ- 
ten by men to sot forth tbeir ideas and 
theories respecting life — the best means of 
preserving it and how to iive so as to pre- 
vent sickness or disease. The world is full 
of opinions upon these subjects and these 
ojiinions in many instances conflict one 
with another. There is as much division 
among learned men upon these subjects as 
upon religion, and by them the people are divi- 
ded into classes. We have been greatly struck 
with the advantages the Latter-day Saints possess 
in this iiarticular over every other people. 
While others aie groping around to find the 
best method of preserving life and health, spending 
years in experiments and observation, the Latter-day 
Saints are told in the revelations which the Lord has 
given through the prophet Joseph which course to 
take, in words so plain that even little children can understand 
them. What a vast amount of labor and uncertainty this 
saves! For instance; the world is divided in their opinions as 
to whether tea and coffee and tobacco are beneficial or not. 
Some wise men argue that they are injurious, that they have 
proved them to be so. (">thers argue that when used in 
moderation they are not hurtful; but all agree that they are 
injurious to the system if used immoderately. Now the Lord 
settles this question for the Latter-day Saints in a few words. 
He says that hot drinks, such as tea and eoft'ee, are not "for 
the body or belly." He also says "tobacco is not for the body, 
neither for the belly, and is not good for man, but is an herb 
for bruises and all sick cattle, to be used with judgment and 
skill" 

There area few persons who claim that to sustain the human 
system the use of liquor in moderate quantities is not hurtful for 
man. But the great uiajority of wise men in the world dis- 
approve of its use. Are the children among the Latter-day 
Saints left in doubt upon this point? Xo; the Lord says, "stron- 
drinks are not for th.e belly but for the washing of your bodies. 
He also says the drinking of wine or strong drink "is not 
good." Xow how m\ich time, experiment and doubt are 
saved by these few words from the mouth of the Lord! While 
they are arguing and contending one with another upon these 
points the Latter-day Saints know for themselves by revelation 
from God, which is right upon the subject. 

There is a class of men in the world who are called vegetari- 
ans, who will not eat meat, and there is a disjiute between 
them and the meat-eaters as to which is be.^t for the body. 
The vegetarians claim that men are more healthy, more long- 
lived, more simple in their tastes and desires who confine 
themselves to a vegetable diet; while, on the other hand, the 
advocates of flesh and moat say that Clod has given unto us teeth 
to chew flesh as well as gi-ain and vegetables. Our stomachs, 
they say, are fitted to digest flesh, and that men are .stronger 
and better capable of enduring fatigue when they eat flesh as 



well as vegetables. Are the Latter-day Saints left in doubt as 
to which diet is best for man? No: the Lord has revealed this 
also: "all wholesome herbs are ordained for the constitution 
and use of man — every herb in the season thereof and every 
fruit in the season thereof." "Yea, flesh also, of the beasts 
and of the fowls of the air, I, the Lord, have ordained for the 
use of man with thanksgiving; nevertheless they are to be 
used sparingly; and it is pleasing unto me that they should not 
be used only in times of winter, or of cold, or famine." He 
also says, "all grain is ordained for the use of man and of 
beasts to be the staff of life;" and He adds that the beasts of 
the fields and the fowls of heaven, and all wild animals, hath 
He "made for the use of man only in times of famine and 
excess of hunger. ' ' 

Tbe.se few words, coming from the Lord, settle the question 
so as to leave no doubt upon the mind of every enquirer. By 
them we see that the vegetarians have truth on their side, and 
the flesh-eaters have truth on their side. Both are correct in 
part; but God has given unto us laws by which we can govern 
ourselves in all cases. 

Doubts have existed in the minds of some people as to 
whicli is the b 'St habit — going to bed early and rising early, or 
going to bed late and rising late. In which is called fashion- 
able circles, both in this country and in lilurope, night is almost 
turned into day and day into night. For instance: in .such 
society people dine at six or seven o'clock in the evening, 
and they sit up till midnight or early in the morning, hence 
they must lie abed late in the morniiig to get their rest, and 
of course they do not get breakfast until the middle of the 
forenoon. Yet some contend that this is a healthy way of 
living. Has God left us in uncertainty upon this point? No; 
He has told us to "cease to sleep longer than is needful." 
He says: "Retire to thy bed early, that ye may not be weary; 
arise early that your bodies and your minds may be invigora- 
ted." Is this the true law of life and health? L^ndoubtedly 
it is. God understands our natures better than any man can, 
and He here gives us laws which, if ob.served, will result in 
benefit to mind and body. 

Some pjople are in the habit of always hurrj'ing — they are 
always in excitement. Now this is not good for man, and the 
Lord in one place cautions His people against being in haste. 
Haste is apt to bring confusion, and confusion,, he tells us, 
bringeth pestilence. He tells us in another place not to indulge 
in much laughter. The wisest physicians, tho.se who have 
studied the human sy.stem most, have found by their experience 
that when men hurry and are always in great haste they are 
apt to bring on disease, and that excessive laughter is not good 
for the human system. 

In relalion to refraining from the use of hot drinks, tobacco, 
wine and liquor tlie Lord has said that, "all Saints who re- 
member to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience 
to the commandments, shall receive health in their navel, and 
mari-ow to their bones, and shall find (visdom and great treas- 
ures of knowledge, even hidden treasures; and shall run and 
Eot bo weary, and shall walk and not faint; and I, the Lord, 
give unto them a promise, that the destroying angel shall pass 
by them, as the children of Israel, and not slay them." 

These are important and highly valuable promises which are 
given unto us by that Being who created us, who undersands 
all about our natures and what is a;ood and what is hurtful for 
us better than all the doctors in the world, and the require- 
ments are very simple, any child can understand them, any 
child can obey them. No child need drink strong drinks, no 
child certainly can like tobacco in any form, and wine and 





a"TJ^E:]sriiL,E i:n"sti^tjotoi^. 



163 



liquor are not pleasing to the taste till the person becomes 
accustomed to them. Therefore there is no real necessity for 
children learning to use these articles. As to going to bed 
early, that is easily obeyed; for if a person rises early, he has 
little inclination to stay up at night, and is ready for bed at 
the proper time. 

Children how thankful you should be to the Lord for giving 
you so much knowledge and certamty in such plainness. 
Men of the world have spent long years of their lives before 
they have become satisfied of the.se same truths, which you 
can learn with so little trouble. And how strict you should be 
in observing these laws which God has given you. 



BII^IDS. 



(Continued.) 




THP] PENGUIN. 

THE King Penguin is a native of high southern latitudes, 
and is very plentiful in the parts which it frequents. It 
swims and dives wonder- 
full}^ well, and feeds large- 
ly on cuttle-fish. 

Dr. Bennett has given 
an admirable description 
of this bird and its hab- 
its, as it appeared on 
Macquarrie's Island, in 
the South Pacific ocean. 

The number of Pen- 
guins collected together 
in this spot is immense, 
and it would be almost 
impossible to guess at it „ 

with any degree of cer- ^ > W vi!.\ 

tainty, as during the whole of the diy and ni.li ihuu oi 
forty thousand of them are contmually landmg, and an equal 
number going to sea. 

THE PETREL. 

The Stormy Petrel is known to sailors as "Mother Carey's 
Chicken," and hated by 
them after a most illogi- "'^^13 

cal manner, becausj it , -,_ .„^^ 
foretells an approaching -'/^-^'iX ^2^ 
storm, and, therefore, Y (;^"!rl^fe^ 
by a curious joroccss of 
reasoning, is taken for 
its cause. This bird 
has long been celebrated 
for the manner in which it passes over the waves, pattering 
with its webbed feet and flapping its wings, so as to keep itself 
.iust above the surface. It thus traverses the ocean with won- 
derful ease, the billows rolling beneath its feet and passing 
away under the bird without in the least disturbing it. It is 
mostly on the move in windy weathi-r, because the marine 
creatures are flung to the surface by the chopping waves, and 
can be easily picked up as the bird pursues its course. 








A Saxon bishop onec remarked to his servant that he 
was dying. "Well, my lord," said the servant, "you are 
going to a better jjlace." "John," replied the bi.shop, with 
air of conviction, "there is no place like old England." 



soEiTEs iisr ooisro-i^Ess. 




( Concluded. ) 



AT that moment Judge Niblack, member from Indiana^ 
arose and moved that the jiending resolution be laid upon 
the table. Then Mr. G. F. Hoar, of Mass. requested Mr. 
Niblack to withdraw his motion for a moment, to which Mr. 
Niblack consented. Mr. Hoar then proceeded to say that a 
similar question had come up in the last House, and the 
credentials were referred to the committee on elections, and 
that committee had reported that the only question for the 
House to consider was whether the credentials were regular in 
form, and whether the officer certifying them was entitled by 
the law of the State and the usages of the House to give those 
credentials. 

He was followed by Mr. Clarkson N. Potter of New York. 
He said there was no question about certificates in this case. 
"Mr. Cannon has the only certificate presented and the only 
pretense that anybody has to the seat. The resolution of Mr. 
Merriam objects to this gentleman being sworn in upon the 
ground that he is guilty of certain practices contrary to the 
laws of the United States. " The difficulty with that gentleman's 
objection was that the statute had prescribed certain qualifica- 
tions for the office of delegate, but did not make these Alleged 
practices disqualifications. A somewhat similar question had 
come up in the Forty-first Congress, when a gentleman from 
Virginia was charged with disloyalty and other offences; and it 
had been decided that the House had no power to consider or 
determine before admitting him whether or not he had been 
guilty of these or any other offences, provided he came there 
with the constitutional requirements in reference to his quali- 
fications, and provided also he had a certificate from the gov- 
ernoi. He contended that the House could not try or even 
consider the suggestion that Mr. Cannon was guilty of the 
offences charged, because they had nothing to do with his 
right 10 a seat there. 

Mr. Maynard of Tenn. then obtained the floor, and he 
desired to call attention to another question in connection with 
this case. It was that ^\v. ^lerriam's resolution introduced 
with a preamble, asserts certain propositions to be facts. "We 
have no evidence to that eft'ect," said Mr. Maynard; "there 
have been no documents presented; neither has Mr. Jlerriam 
made any statement upon his own authority or otherwise,'' 
and it seemed to him that it would be very rash for the House 
to assume the truth of these statements and to act upon them 
so as to prevent the swearing in of the delegate elect. He 
thought it very unsafe to adopt a resolution or any other 
proceeding in the House of Representatives reflecting upon a 
member of the House, unless there were documentary evidences 
introduced or statements made that were responsible and could 
be relied upon. 

These gentlemen who had addressed themselves to this 
subject were the mo.st influential men in the House. Their 
remarks carried with them great weight as they were men of 
experience in parliamentary matters, and all the new members 
listened to them with that respect to which their past exper- 
ience entitled them. You may depend upon it that Mr. Mer- 
riam felt very uncomfortable. He had been signally defeated 
by the vote which had been taken, had lost control of his reso- 
lution, and he .sat chagrined and mortified at the fiiilure of his 
attenqit to prevent the delegate elect from getting his seat. 
During this entire time the delegate from Utah stood at the 
bar of the House, hiuiself';.so interested in the proceedin 







3^' 



lS4r 



a'TJATElNTIDl-E I:N"STI?/T70T0I^ 




that he forgot that he was the subject of discussion, and 
listening as one might who felt interest in an exciting debate 
in which he was not personally interested. While the discus- 
sion was at its hight a page stepped across the area and 
handed to him a telegraphic dispatch. So absorbed was he in 
what was being siM. and so unconscious of the fact that all 
eyes were upon him, that he coolly opened the dispatch, 
(which was from Brother John W. Young, at Philadelphia, 
tendering him any assistance that he had in his power to give, ) 
and read it, put it back into the envelope and was putting it 
into his pocket when the recollection of the position that he 
occupied flashed acro.ss his mind. If he had intended by 
this act to have impressed the spectators with his coolness 
and nerve under such trying circumstances, he could not have 
had a better opportunity of doing so; but it was in no spirit of 
bravado that this was done. The spirit of God re&ted down 
upon him and gave him the necessary .strength, courage and 
coolness to .stand in the eyes of that august as>embly with a 
feeling that he had nothing to be ashamed of, but on the 
contrary, everything to be proud of because of being a .•servant 
of God and the representative of His people. 

Mr. Niblack then insi.sted upon hi.s motion, that the pending 
resolution be laid upon the table, which was unaniuiou.sly, 
with the exception of one person, agreed to. 



'K>^G-B^C3-'S" E^IBVElTa-E. 



i^ 



i«tfi.*— • ^I> • *-*C>- 



OTJR. I^T^^ElSHDEnSTTS. 



WASUi.\(iTON was ;j7 years old when i-ylleJ to the I 'residency, 
lived two years after retiring from the office, and rlied 
aged 67. John A'dams was 02 when called to the office, lived 
25 years after retiring and died at 9:1. Jefferson was .58 when l:e 
assumed the duties of the Presidency, survived 17 years after 
leaving the office and did at S3. IMadison was 58 when Inaugu- 
rated, lived ]'.» yeats after leaving the office and died when 85. 
Monroe was 58 when he assumed the office, lived 12 years af- 
ter retiring and died 78 years of age. John Quincj- Adams 
was 58 years old when he became executive, lived 1 9 years 
aft.T retiring and died at 81. Jackson was 62 when he became 
President, lived 8 years after retiring and died aged 78. Yau 
P)uren was 55 when inaugurated, lived 21 years aftjr he relin- 
quished the office and died aged 80. Harrison was 68 the Otli 
ofFebruaryliefine his inaur:uvation and died one month tlicre- 
after. Tyler was 51 when the a id nous duties of the oiTice were 
imposed u])on liiiu, lived 18 y.',-ii-s after retiring and died at 
7:!. Polk was 51) ycar.s old when he became President, liv?d 
three months after giving up the labors of the office, and died 
at the ago of 51. Tuylor was 65 when he was inaugurated, 
and died aged i)7. Pillniore was 50 when the duties of Presi- 
dent devolved n\i''u him, lived 21 years after retiring, and died 
aged 74. Pierce was -I'.i when ii-a igurated, lived 12 y.nirs after 
tlio expiration of his term and died at 65. Buchanan was 66 
when inaugurated, lived 7 years after retiring, and died aged 
77. Lincoln was 52 when called to the Presidency, and died at 
the age of 56. Johnson was 57 when inaugurated lived 6 years 
after relinqui Jiing the office, and died at the age of 67. Grant 
was 47 years ol.l when he liecame president. From this it 
will be seen that wo have had seventeen Presidents, one of 
whom lived to the age of 92 years, one to the age of 85, thiee 
over four .score years, two to the ago of 7S, one 77, one 74, 
one 7:!, one 6S, three 67, one (i5, one 56. and one who died so 
young as 54. 



Those standing high have many blasts to shake them. 



a 



How are you, little 'Rag-Bag?"" said one of a group of 
well-dressed boys, as a timid child with patched clothes 
came toward the .school house. 

The child walked on without lifting his eyes. 
"I say how are you, llag-Bag?" exclaimed Albeit Hale 
again, as he went towards the boy and caught hold of his 
shoulder. "Why didn't you answer me, heyV You are look- 
ing quite .spiuce this morning for you, not becoming for your 
title; there," he continued, as he thrust his finger in a thin spot 
in the knee of the child's trousers, and tore it to his foot, "you 
look better now." 

The air rang with the shouts of the boys, as the child 
turned sobbing towards home, with his bare leg exposed to 
(he weather. 

"I guess I have taught the washerwoman a lesson this 
morning, to keep her rag-bag out of Brookdale Academy," 
said Albert, as he turned to his companions. "Didn't he cut 
a comical figure though, as he went blubbering home?" 
"Three cheers for little Rag-Bag!" shouted another boy. 
An instant after the air was filled with three cheers. 
"I .shan't go to school any more, mother," said Walter 
Brooks, as he entered his mother's humble kitchen; "see what 
Albert Hale did, just because the teacher said I was getting 
ahead of him in arithmetic, after j'ou sat up half the night to 
mend my clothes. It is too bad! But I'll pay him for it when 
I'm a man, 3"ou see if I don't mother." 

"Walter, it is wrong to cultivate a spirit of revenge," sadly 
replied the widow. 

"Oh, if I was only a man now! But mother, I'm going to 
start for Boston to-morrow and go to work; I have been think- 
ing that I am big enough to take care of my.self ' ' 

"A delicate, slender boy of twelve, like yourself, Walter, 
work; nobody would employ you." 

"Yes they will, for I'll keep going until I find somebody 
who wants a boy. I'm going first to see Mr. Brown, the man 
who visited our school and praised me so ; and I'm going to 
tell him just how the scholars treat me, and pe:haps he will 
hire me to take care of his office. Then, motner, I'll read his 
books and be a lawyer, and get rich and build a big house for 
you. Only think of it, mother." And the child's ej'es 
sparkled with delight at the idea. 

The mother replied to her chi d's enthusiasm by a sad 
smile. 

It wa- rlie winter of IS — . Money was .scarce among poor 
men. One morning the papers announced that Albert Hale 
& Co., one of the largest firms of New York city, had suspended 
payment. The daj' following a young man entered their store, 
and in(piired into the liabilities, the amount of .stock on hand, 
etc., stating that he had some money he would invest, on good 
security, if he could accommodate them by doing it. Mr. 
Hale, the head partner of the firm , opened his eyes in 
astoni.shment. 

"Why, sir," he replied, "we have tried for weeks to raise 
money on our stocks by offering thousands of dollars bonus; 
but money can't be had in the city just now at any price. If 
you could relieve us of our present embarra.ssment we could 
return your money in a few weeks with a heavy percentage." 

"lamhappy tosa>," replied the stranger, "that I have it in 
my power to help you, and will cheerful! v do so." 

Ml. Hale with tears in his eys grasped his hand and said: 

"To whom am I indebted for this act of kindness?' 





J""Cr"^Ei:tTILE] IlsrSTIS.TJ CTOI^. 



nes 



"Don't you know me?" asked the stranger as he fixed his 
eyes upon him. 

"If we ever met before, your features have passed from 
me." 

"I know you very well, Mr. Hale. — Don't you know the 
little boy who went to Brookdale Academy, who you used to 
call the Rag-Bag? The last time j'ou saw him you tore his 
pantaloons from the knee to the ankle, and he went home to 
his poor mother. I was that bo3', and I have come all the 
way from Boston to obtain mj- revenge ! ' 

Hale turned ghastly pale as he buried his face in h'n, hands, 
ani sobbed like a child. 

"I cannot, nn, T will not touch the money." 
"Yes, J'OU will," replied Walter, as he e.xteiided bis hand in a 
friendly manner, "and from this time I will forget the past 
and we will be friends, yes, friends who will lend each other a 
helping hand. But, Mr. Hale, lot me add, it vou have child- 
ren, teach them, bj' what you have learned from my experience, 
to be kind to the poor." 

That evening the papers announced that Albert Hale & Co. 
would be able in afew davs to meet all their liabilities. — Selech d. 



AATHI^T IS J^ BIZLLTCnsr 



A "subscriber'' directs our attention to an article in No. 8 
of our present volume on "Couiiti»g a Billion. " Our 
correspondent assumes that the definitii n of a iiillion as there 
stated is incorrect. Tills depends entirely on the .system of 
numeration adopted; that u>ed by the wiiter of the article in 
question was the Engli^h sjstem, and the answer as givcis, 
"a million times a million,'' is correct according to that 
system. 

By the Englith system a billion is a unit with fwilveeii-.liors; 
by the French method, which is adoiited generally in this 
country at the present time, it is a unit and nine cipher.-. 
The little article we published was selected, not original wi;h 
us, and the author unknown, but he was doubtless an English 
scholar, as he followed the English notation. 

In defining the word "billion" some of the most popular 
American lexicographers have until a very few years since 
followed the EnglLsh method; and, what seems most strange, 
several dictionaries give precisely the .same d' finition for the 
two words, "billion'' and "trillion" — "a million millions." 

We thank "Subscriber," who has taken the pains to make 
the calcidations necessaiy. We are glad also to had the figures 
in the article which we published are verified by this intelligent 
correspondent, from whom we receive a calculation to the efl'ect 
that, counting at the same rate figured in the former article, 
it would only take 9 years, 187 days, .5 hours ai.d 20 minutes; 
or, allowing twelve hours a day for counting, 19 years, 9 days, 
10 hours and 40 minutes; the billion being 1,000,000,000, 
according to the French, or American mode of numeration. 




Politeness at Home. — Always speak with the utmost 
politeness and deference to your parents and friends. Some 
children are polite and civil everywhere else except at Lome; 
but there they are coarse and rude enough. Nothing sits 
so gracefully upon children, and nothing makes them so lovely, 
as habitual respect and dutiful deportment towards their 
parents and superiors. It makes the plainest face beautiful, 
and gives to every common action a nameless but peculiar 
charm. 



osTi^.n:oi3:-K.ix)iisrc3-. 



V[7e do n it think it strange for a man to ride on a horse, 
y mule or ass, for we sue such things every day. We 
also read of persons riding on oxen, elephants, llamas, rein- 
deer, giraffes and other animals that are natives of the 
countries in which they dwell; but for a man to ride on a bird, 
and such a bird, is something out of the common. Yet 
travelers te'l us that such things do happen as the one repre- 
sented in the picture. 

The ostrich may be defined as a bird that cannot fly; but its 
speed in running exceeds that of the fleetest horse. The 
reason why it cannot fly is beeau-^e its wings are too small to 
sustain its large and lioavy body in the air. It is foUnd in al- 
most every part of Africa, and also in Arabia, in Asia. It is the 
largest of all birds, being about four feet high from the ground 
to the top of the ba;:k, and seven or eight, and it is said even 
ten, to the top of the head, when standing erect. Its thighs 








1?? #v 




,>,^|>/'/^V 




and the sides of its body are naked. Its plumage is very 
beautiful, and cry uuieh valued as an ornament for ladies' 
bonnet,^, hats, d .esses, etc., and is consequently very costlj'. 
But as the Ostrich is not found in Utah, we cannot recommend 
it as an adornment which tlie L:'.'ter-day Saints should u.se. 
It is something beneath l\v^. iLuracter of a Saint to send to the 
uttermost parts of the (jarth for such a trivial thing as a few 
feathers. We have been often taugli t that the beauty of our 
apparel .should be the workmanshi]) of our own industrious 
hands; for such is pleasing in the eyes of our Father in heaven. 
There has been some diversity of opinion as to the reason 
why the name if Ostrich was given to this giant among the 
feathered tribe.-'. The generally accepted idea is that it is 
derived from two words which mean, when truly translated, 
the bird that reaches, stretches or stands erect, but whether 
this is derived from its stately walk, general appearance or 
from some part of its plumage is a question about which every 
one can hold his own opinion 





16c 



J- TJ "V E ItTI Zj E in^STI^.TJOTOI^ 




02sr THE BIBXjE. 
FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON XCII. 
Q.— Who went with Saul? 

A. — "A bund of men, whose hearts God had touched." 
Q. — What did the children of Belial say? 
A. — "How sh'ill this man save us?" 
Q. — How did they manifest their feelings toward Saul? 
A. — ''They despised him, and brouglit him no presents." 
Q.— How did Saul act? 
A. — "He held his peace." 

y. — Who was it that encamped against .Tabesh-gilead? 
A. — Xaha-h, the Ammonite. 

Q. — What did all the men of Jabesh say unto Nahash? 
A. — "Make a covenant with us, and we will serve thee." 
Q.— What answer did Xahash, the Ammonite, make to them? 
A.— "On this condition will I make a covenant with you, that 
I may thrust out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach 
upon all Israel." 
Q. — What reply did the elders of Jabe.-h give him? 
A. — "Give us seven days' respite, that we may send messengers 
unto all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man to save 
us, we will come out to thee." 

Q.— What did the people of Gibeah do when tney heard the 
tidings from the messengers? 
A. — They lifted up their voices, and wept, 
y.— When Saul came out of the field what did he say? 
A. — "What aileth the people that they weep'.'" 
Q. — What happened to Saul when lie heard the tidings of the 
men of JabeshJ.' 

A. — The spirit of (4od came upnn him, and his anger was 
kindled greatl}'. 

y.— What did Saul do? 

A. — "He took a yoke of o.xen, and hewed them in pieces, and 
sent them throughout all the coasts of Israel." 
Q. — What word did he send with tlie inessenger.s? 
A. — "Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, 
so shall it be done unto his oxen." 

Q. — What was the result of this message? 

A. — "Tlie fear of the Loid fell on the people, and they came 
out with one consent." 
Q. — What was the number of the children of Israel? 
A. — Three hundred thousand. 
0. — What was the number of the men of .Judah? 
A. — Thirty thousand. 

Q. — What did they tell the messengers to saj' unto the men of 
Jabesh-gilead' 

A. — "To-morrow by the time the sun be hot, ye shall have 
help." 

Q. — When the men of .Jabesh-gilead heard this from the mes- 
sengers how did they feel? 
A. — "They were glad." 

Q.— V/hat did the men of .Jabesh then say to Xahash, the 
Ammonite? 

A. — "To-morrow we will come out unto you, and ye shall do 
with us all that seemeth good unto you." 

Q.— Into how many companies did Saul put the people? 
A.— Three. 

Q.— Ho%v early on the morrow did tliey come in the midst of 
the ho^tsf 

A — In the morning watch. 
Q.— How long did they slay the Ammonites? 
A. — "Until the heat of the day." 
Q — What became of those that remained? 
A. — They were scattered so that two of them were not left 
ether. 



Mntnihnn and %n^wtt& 

03Sr THE 
BOOIC OE 3^d: O I?. Ivdl O iT . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON XCII. 

Q. — Who was the conimander of the Lamanites in the city of 
Mulek? 

A. — A Zoramite, named Jacob. 

Q. — Would he do as Moroni requested— come out with his army 
and meet the Nephites? 

A.— Xo; he suspected -ome treachery. 

Q.— When Moroni saw it was impossible to get Jacob to fight 
upon fair grounds, what did he do? 

A. — He sent Teancum in the night with a small body of men 
down by the shore, and took the remainder into the wilderness 
near. 

Q. — When the Lamanites in the city saw Teancum with such a 
small body of men near by, what did they desire? 

A. — They wanted to attack him immediately. 

Q. — Was Jacob willing to do this? 

A. — Yes; and took his army and pursued Teancum. 

Q. — When the latter saw he was pursued what did he do? 

A. — He fled northward, the Lamanites following. 

Q. — In the meantime whut did Moroni do? 

A. — He caused a portion of his anny to go and take possession 
of the city of Mulek. 

Q. — What did he do with the remainder of his army? 

A. — He inarched out to meet Jacob when he should return from 
the pursuit oi Teancum. 

Q. — How far was Teancum pursued by the Lamanites? 

A. — Until lie came near to the city Bountiful. 

Q. — What checked the pursuers then? 

A. — They saw Lehi coming towards them with an army. 

Q.— What did they do'' 

A. — They fled in much c;onfusion, being now pursued by 
Lehi. 

Q. — Did Lehi try to overtake them? 

A. — JSTo; he held back until they should meet Moroni. 

Q. — When they were at last surrounded by the Xephifes — 
Moroni on one side and Lehi on the other— what was their condi- 
tion for fighting? 

A. — They were much wearied with their long and rapid march, 
while the Nepbites were quite fresh. 

Q. — What orders did Moroni give? 

A. — He ordered his men to fall upon them until they should 
give up their weapons? 

Q. — Was Jacob inclined to surrender? 

A. — No; he led the Lamanites to battle with great fury. 

Q.— Wh at was his fate? 

A. — He was killed, but Moroni was wounded. 

Q. — Afterwards what did the Lamanites do? 

A. — Many of them delivered up tlieir arms and many refused 
to do so. 

Q. — What was done to those who refused? 

A. — They were taken prisoners. 

Q. — What were these prisoners compelled to do'' 

A. — They were strongly guarded and ordered to bury their own 
dead and also the slain among the Nepbites. 

Q. — Whom did Moroni appoint to command Mulek after 
this? 

A.— Lehi. 

Q.— After the captive Lamanites had finished the work of burial 
where did they go? 

A. — They were taken by Teancum into Bountiful. 

Q.- -What were they made to do there? 

A. — Tbey dug a ditch around the city and encircled it with 
strong breastworks. 





a"TJ^3i]ITi:[liE3 I3SrSTI?."CrGTOI^ 



167 




#ld|, 



mtvtcn. 



BY G. M. O. 



ANCIENT EUINS. 



( Continued. ) 




THE peculiar cliaracteristios of the ruins of Ci)]i:ui are the 
elaborately carved stone obelisks, varying from eleven to 
thirteen feet in hight, and from three to four in width and in 
depth, in ever}' case having on the principal face a human 
figure, male or female, sculptured in high relief, presenting 
its full front and having the upper part of the arm pressed 
close in to the body, and the lower part, or fore-arm, brought 
forward so as to allow of the hands being pressed against the 
breast. They are all clad in rich garments, some in the form 
of tunics, others more like pantaloons. The feet are clumsy 
and generally covered with a kind of sandal or buskin. The 
heads are adorned with helmets with carved work of the most 
fanciful description, the details of which can hardly be sepa- 
rated from the mass of intricate ornamental work which covers 
the monuments on all sides from top to bottom. Tlic express- 
ion of the faces on the different obelisks varies, though the 
calm and placid predominates. The sculptured ornaments are 
graceful and pleasing in design, and the back and sides are 
covered with hieroglyphics. In front of one, the monument 
described by Mr. Stephens as differing from others in its 
vicinity, is an altar four feet high and six feet square, of one 
block of stone, resting on four globes cut out of the same 
material. The base reliefs on the sides represent sixteen 
human figures seated in oriental fashion, cross-legged. In the 
hand of each is a weapon, the character of which is difficult 
to define. The heads of all are covered with very peculiar head 
dresses, without plumes. On tlie western side are the two 
principal figures, sitting with their faces towards each other, 
as if engaged in discussion, while of the other fourteen figures 
seven are placed in the rear of each principal flice, in the same 
direction as their respective leaders, of which tlioy are evi- 
dently the retinues. The top of the altar is divided into 
thirty-six tablets of hieroglyphics, evidently recording the 
important transaction that the two parties have met to discuss. 
In regard to costume, no two of the head dresses are alike, 
and though the remarkable facial angle is preserved, there is 
likewi.se a variety of expression in the countenances. 

Down the sides of the pjTamids and covering the ground 
are innumerable remains of sculpture, some still remaining in 
position, others forming heaps of fragments, among which 
many blocks are remarkably well preserved. Half way up the 
sides of one of the p3'ramids are rows of death's heads of 
colossal proportions, but of such peculiar construction in the 
conformation as to represent the heads or skulls of monkeys, 
not of men. The supposition that they were so intended, is 
in a manner confirmed by the finding of the effigy of a colossal 
ape at the foot of the pymimid, bearing, it is said, a strong 
resemblance to the same species originally figured on the great 
obelisk from the ruins of Thebes, now in Paris. The.se ani- 
mals were worshiped at Thebes, and it has been thought not 
unlikely that the same may have been the case among the 
inhabitants of Copan. Among the fragments are found 
several human heads, which have evidently been chiseled with 
a clo.se adherence to nature, impressing the beholder with the 



belief that they were portraits, the features and expression of 
each bearing a strong individual character. The whole of the 
sides and walls of the pyramids and terraces have evidently 
been decorated with similar sculptures, which were fixed by 
stone tenons, which in many cases still adhere to them, and 
wliicli were driven into the wall. Traces of color are still 
vi.sible, indicating that these .sculptures, like those of the 
old world, had been painted. In the outer wall of the small 
court within the temple a subterranean passage leading to the 
river wall, and below this a sepulchral vault, were examined 
several years ago by Colonel Galindo, who explored the ruins 
by order of the Mexican government. On each side of the 
vault, which is six feet high, ten feet long and five and a half 
wide, are small niches, which contained, at the time of open- 
ing, earthenware vessels of different descriptions filled with 
human bones packed in lime. On the floor of the vault, which 
was paved with .stones and coated with lime, were strewn 
various articles, such as stone knives, marine shells and a, 
small death's head cut in green stone and described as of 
exquisite workmanship. 

At some distance from the temple in a level area enclosed 
by walls stands a group of eight obelisks, or idols, similar in 
size and position to those described, but each having a di.stinct 
individuality. They are placed at distances of fi-om fifty to 
two hundred feet from each other, and in front of each is an 
altar. The cl ief object of the sculptor has evidently been to 
inspire awe and terror, and to produce the desired effect he 
has resorted to exaggeration of feature, some of the counten- 
ances being ludicrously hideous, some purely terrific and only 
one or two plea.sing in expression. Some of them are covered 
on all sides with hieroglyphics, and the workmanship is con- 
sidered equal to the finest Egyptian sculpture. At the foot of 
one of the statues lies a colossal sculptured head of an alliga- 
tor, half buried in the earth. In the eyes of antiquarians 
these idols have always been most interesting, as there is a 
hope that some day a key may be found to the hieroglyphics, 
and the mysteries of Copan unraveled. 

Palacios, who described Copan nearly three hundred years 
ago, saw much more than Mr. Stephens. He tells of the 
"ruins of superb edifices built of hewn stone, which mani- 
fes'ly belonged to a large city." In connection with the great 
wall he mentions a colossal eagle, carved in stone, which bore 
on its breast a square shield covered with hieroglyphics. He 
also mentions a "'stone giant," and a "stone cross," one of 
the arms of which was broken. He .saw a plaza, or square, 
circular in form, surrounded by ranges of stone steps, or seats, 
similar to the Coliseum at Eome. It was "paved with beauti- 
ful stones, all square and well worked; six great statues stood 
in the enclo.sure, and in the centre was a great stone basin." 
Huarros, in his history of Guatemala, states that the "circus 
of Copan," as he calls this "plaza" described by Palacios, was 
still perfect and entire in the year 1700. He mentions gate- 
ways, which led into the enclosure. 

Copan was first discovered and described in ].JT6; it was then 
as strange and my.sterious to the natives living near it as it is 
to-day; native tradition had forgotten its history, even its 
existence. The Spaniards under Cortez assaulted and captured 
a native town not far (some twenty miles) from the forest-cov- 
ered ruins, but heard nothing of them. The captured town 
afterwards gave its name to this nameless city. Forty years 
afterwards Palacios discovered the ruins, and tried "in all 
possible ways' ' to get from the natives some account of the 
ruined city, but they could tell him nothing about it, so long 
had its existence then been lost to the memory of man. Mr 





»J U ^ E! IT 1 1-. E IITSTI^/TJOTOI?/. 




Stephens has very singularly fallen into the m. stake of con- 
fdunJing this old ruined city with the town captured by the 
Spaniards. The ruins, like others in the country, were dis- 
covered accidentally, and to apijroach them it was necessary to 
cut paths through the dense tropical undergrowth. 

Within a few miles of Copan, on the banks of the river 
Montagua, are the ruins called Quirigua. These ruins have a 
close resemblance to Copan, and it is manifest that a great city 
once stood here. Antiquarians are of the opinion that these 
ruins are much oLer than Copan, for they have to a great 
extent become little more than heaps of rubb'sh. Mr. Steph- 
ens confines his description chiefly to a pyramidal structure 
with flights of steps and monoliths larger and higher than 
those at Copan, but otherwise similar. He states, however, 
that they are hardly so rich in design. One of the obelisks 
here is twenty feet high, with the figures of a man on the 
front, and on the back a woman; the sides are covered with 
hieroglyphics similar in appearance to those at Copan. 
( To he Cpntinued. ) 




^t^ttt^^m\At\\tt. 



American Fork, Utah Co. 

June, 1875. 
Editor Juvenile Inslmdor: 

Dear Brother. — Thinking your young friends 
(this includes all good Saints) would like to read about the County 
Jubilee which occured here on the 1st of June, I take pleasure 
in writing a few lines for your beautiful paper. 

Much labor had been performed for days previous, preparing 
for the event, the various committees working with zest, and all 
called upon responding with a will, to make ready for the large 
assembly expected. 

The morning dawned, and the heavens threatened to blight 
the hope.5 of thousands of hearts that were looking forward with 
expectancy to this great day; but the prayers of all prevailed, 
the cold snow storm abated, and the sun peered from the clouds 
and smiled upon us in regal splendor. 

Between the hours of nine and ten A. M vehicles of all kinds 
came rolling into town filled with beaming countenances from the 
settlements adjoining, eager to participate in the day's exercises. 
At half pvst ten the trains from south and north had arrived, 
bringing their live freight from the various settlements: G-oshen, 
.Santaquin, Payson, Salem, Spanish Fork, Springville, Provo, 
Pleasant Grove, Alpine, Lehi, Cedar Fort and Fairfield. All 
furnished their quota of Sabbath School children and friends. 
The system and order which prevailed enabled all to find the 
seats appropriated to the various schools, and the large bowery, 
filled with its sea of heads, reminded one of a huge banyan tree. 
Suitable mottoes were tastefully arranged about tne stand, which 
was filled with distinguished guests, among whom were His Kx- 
cellencv Gov. Axtell, Hon. Geo. Q Cannon, Bps. A. 0. Smoot, L. 
E. Harrington, D. Evans, W. Bringhurst and T. J. McCiillough, 
Supts. Geo. Goddard, D. Johns, S. S. Jone.s, W. Paxman, Sec. J. 
B. Maiben, H. Maiben and many others whose hearts are in the 
Sabbath School work. 

To give a detailed account of the oxerciso;, would require 
mure space than you would be willing to grant; and to cull 
out where all was so excellent wuuld be hardly honorable, 
suffice it to say, the singing of the children was sublime and 
evinced great training by the musical directors. The recitations 
elicited merited applause and comin?nditicin, the deportment 
of the scholars was excellent, and the .-emarks of the speakers 
replete with wisd^uu and arjod couasul anl prompted by the 
Spirit of God. 

The assembly was addressed by the following speakers: Gov. 

xtell, Hon. Geo. Q. C.mnon, Bishops Smjot and Bringhurst, 



Supt. D. .Johns, Orator of the day, Supts. Geo. Goddard, S. S. 
Jones, Wm. Paxman and others; and in the language of Supt. 
Cannon, "A man must be inhuman if his emotions were not 
aroused by what was transpiring this day." 

The exercises of the day were closed by singing the "World' s 
Jubilee" in full chorus, and the a.ssembly dismissed by prayer by 
the chaplain. Then the bowery which had been so full of life, 
was soon empty, the mass speeding on their way home, recording 
it a day to be remembered. , 

Respectfully yours, 

J. B. Forbes. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



on the history of JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XIII. 



Q. — Who instructed Moroni to put the plates in a stone box and 
bury them in the earth? 

A.— God. 

Q — Who sent him as a messenger from heaven to tell Joseph 
Smith all about them? 

A.— God. 

Q. — What were they hid in the earth for? 

A. — To prevent them from being destroyed by the wicked. 

Q. — When did Joseph Smith meRt the angel Moroni again? 

A.— On the 22nd of September, 1824. 

Q.— At what place? 

A. — At the hill Cumorah, where the plates were hurled. 

Q. — How often did they meet afterwards? 

A. — Once a year, for three years on the same day and month. 

Q. — When did Moroni give Joseph Smith the plates? 

A. — On the morning of the 22nd of September, 1827. 

Q. — How old was Joseph when he received the plates? 

A. — Between twenty-one and twenty-two years. 

Q. — What instructions did the angel give to Joseph, when he 
gave him the plates? 

A. — He told him to take good care of them. 

Q. — Why did the angel warn him to take such care of them? 

A. — Because he knew that many would try to take them from 
him. 

Q. — Did the angel give him anj'thing else besides the plates? 

A. — Yes, the urim and thuramim and the breastplate. 

Q — When it became known that Joseph had these, what effect 
did it have? 

A. — Many people tried to get them from him. 



Think not of doing as you like: the expression characterizes 
the headstrong, and the unjust. Do as YOU OUOHT TO DO. 
This is a golden precept. Pythagoras has not a richer. 



We rarely regret having sjioken too little, but often having 
said too much. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territoiy, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EOlTOi? & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

.^S~Offiee, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 

"EdITOE J UVENILE INSTRUCTOR." 




