
TD J^-y XID Ji^l<riD OOLIJ^TH. 



CAX it be possible that the youth in our engraving is alx)ut to 
give battle to that mighty giant, who seems to be waiting 
with scorn a short distance off so that he may come near enough 
for him to kill him? Can it be that he is so rash, so foolhaniy? 
Yes; it is so. lie is about to engage in a combat with the 
giant; but he is neither rash nor foolhardy. He has coiuUed 
the cost, and is well aware of what he is doing. But listen, 
and we will tell you the story much as it is giviii in the Bilil(\ 
In the day.s of Saul, the first king of Israel, there lived in 



his mind to .send to the camp his youngest boy T>avid, who. on 
account of his youth, had not gone to batile with Saul, so that 
he might learn through him how the rest of his sons were 
doing. "My son David," said he, "take now for thy brethren 
an cpah of this parched curn and the.>;e ten loaves, and run to 
the cami) to tliy brethren: and carry these ten cheeses unto the 
captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare ami 
take their pledge." 
David was very pleased with thi^ errand. lie desired to see 

his brothers, and wanted 




also to look at the sold- 
iers and the camp, and 
if jio.^sible to witness a 
battle. Before long he 
was on his way to where 

«S^l£'^'.'¥tfi|i;; '^^^^^^^^^^f i''^^Kk. "■ ''>^ armies lay facing 

^^i'' ■» - .-?v,« ^^^^^^^^^ 4»ff\^ ',^ ( a -h other, on two hills. 

with a valley, called 
Kl;ih. between them. 

l>.ivid's journey was 
scon completed; ho 
rei'.ched the camp in 
."afcty; met his brethren; 
delivered his message; 
pnscntcd his father's 
gilV-S and having nothing 
else to do ho strolled 
round the camp, admir- 
ing the fine horses, the 
beautiful chaiiots, the 
boldiei-s with their bright 
nririir and weapons shin- 
ing in the morning sun. 
Bethlehem, an aged farmer, whose name was Jesse. This man | Re wiuOied them with youthful cnthu»iasm march forth in 
wa.s the son of 01)cd and the grandson of Bomz an.l Ruth, n | lin-^ of battle to meet the enemy, who were also drawing near 
portion of whose history waw given in the sceimd number of i from the other side of the valley. 






this volume of the JfVKMl.K. Now JesM! was the father of eiiihl 
Ron.s — fine, strong, brave fellows, who assisted him to guard his 
flocks and herds; but at the lim ! we arc writing about there w.is 
a war in the land, and his three elde.t Lojs had left him to fight 
in the annicH of king Sau'. 

The rhilistines who lived to the soulh-caxt of Canaan (the 
country where the Fsraeliten dwelt) hail marched fnrlh from 
their own country into that land, and Saul hud li-d forth his 



Chancing to look towards 
the Philistines, he was astonished to sec a man of immense 
size, (about eleven feel hii-'hl clad from heatl to foot in poli.-hed 
armor, come out from their ranks and a.lvanee towards the 
Israelites. This man he was told wasname.l lloliath ofO.ith — 
at>or a city of his people, lie w.is followed by a "'•»"• «•'" 
carried his shield, while he hiniM'lf had a huge spear in his 
haml, and a sword e(|ually huge in proportion by his side. \N ith 
a heart full of pri.le in his huge si/.e and great strenglh, he 



armies ti. fight tliem, and, if pos.sible, to drive them back on to | stood between the Iw.i arnii.-, and eri.d alou.l lor the Israehles 
their own domain. As you may suppose all l-r...l was anxious to h.imI forth a man to fight with him; il llieir champion won 
to know how the war progressed. Am..ng the rest .J.s..e deMred the battle and killed InMi, tl.-.i Wo,ild the hilistine.s bo the 
greatly to hear of the welfare of his lonf. At labt lie made up I in-tvanle of the Irrueliu-s; if, on the other hand, he i,lew liii* 



\7i^ 



g^. 



'fe^Cl 




cr TJ ^ E :^ I L E iiNrsT:R."crGTOi^ 






opponent, then was Israel to serve the Philistines: adding, "I 
defy the armies of Israel this day: give me a man that we may 
fight together." 

What was our shepherd boy's surprise, when not one of the 
mighty men of war who followed Saul accepted Goliath's chal- 
lenge. Instead of doing so they all fell back in fear as he drew 
near. His surprise was still greater when told that for more than 
a month the giant, with the same scornful bearing, had hurled 
his defiance at their hosts, and no one dared to answer him. 
Xot even the great promises of reward and honor held out by 
the king to any one who would take up his defiance, could 
tempt them. David felt ashamed of his countrymen; he 
grieved for theii- cause. Was there not one, thought he, in all 
the nation who had faith enough in the God they served to 
trust in His arm for de'.iverance in the tmequal contest? Had all 
forgotten liow often He had delivered them from their enemies 
when all human aid failed? If no one else offered, he would go 
himself and prove to both armies that the projection of heaven 
was still extended to those who trusted in the Lord instead of 
their own strength. In words somewhat to this effect, he told 
his brothers his intentions. They, very naturally, laughed at 
his ideas, and told him to go back to his flocks and not trouble 
his head with what did not concern him. David was not so 
easily put off, and he went round the camp talking to the 
soldiers, and telling them what he would do if he could have his 
way. His words soon reaelieJ the ears of King Said, who at 
once Sent for him, and a,-ked him, how ever he could think of 
fighting the giant. David then related to the king how he had 
fought and killed a lion and a bear that attacked his father's 
flocks when he was herding them, and he would, by the help of 
the Lord, serve the Philistine in the same way; for as the Lord 
had delivered him out of the paw of the lion, and *f the bear, 
so would he deliver him out of the hand of the Philistine. 
Then, said Saul to him "go, and the Lord be with thee." 

Saul wished David to i)ut on his armor and gird on his sword; 
Ijut he preferred to wear his own clothes. So taking his shep- 
herd's staff in one hand, and a .sling in the other, he went down 
t') the brook and picked up six smooth pebbles, which he placed 
ill a little bag that hung by his side, and with these simple 
weapons, but full of laith in the God of his father.s, and in the 
justice of his cause, he advanced to meet the Philistine. 
To be Continued. 









For the Juvenile Instructor. 
^T I S I T I II. 



r.NfT.E GRi;<iOKY IIKSIMKS T U K STORV. 



rPHK 

1 a!.' 



boys, hearing hi.s crj', tried to reach liim; but were so 
armed tliey lost their presence of uiind. John struck 
boldly out, and seizing him by the hair of his head, managed to 
get him safe to shore more frightened than hurt. Of cour.-e 
John was rpjitc a hero with the boys, and he thought if he could 
only smoke what a man he would be. This little accident put 
an end to their s-wim?ning, and they commenced to dres.s. 
talking over the narrow enape of their conipanion, and how 
evcrj- one was just going to drag him out, if Juhn had not been 
before them. It is a.-tonishing that after an accident of any 
kind how brave some can Ualk of what they were going to do. 1 
So it was with some of these boys, who wore so afraid their I 



companion was going to be drowned, that they lost their presence 
of mind and could render no assistance; but when all was over. 
Oh what great things they were going to do. Boys, if ever you 
get into danger, strive to keep cool and think what you are 
about. 

The boys were soon at-home; and in the evening, as John 
was preparing his lessons for the next day, he could not help 
looking at his grandfather, who sat in the chimney corner 
calmly smoking his pipe. John watched the blue wreaths of 
smoke forming all sorts of fantastic clouds as they arose 
from the mouth of the old gentleman, or curled upwards from 
the bowl of his pipe. Grandpapa seemed so quiet and thought- 
ful, that John thought there must be some enjoyment in 
smoking that his father had never experienced and knew 
nothing about. He determined to try the effects of a pipe 
at the first opportunit}'. 

A few days after, as he rettu'ned from school in the evening, 
his parents being out on a visit, he went iuto the jiarlor and 
there lay grandpapa's pipe and a box of tobacco. Now thought 
John is the time for me to try the effects of a smoke. I am not 
going to be called a baby, because I cannot smoke. He put 
down his books, took up the pipe, and filled it with tobacco, 
as he had often seen his grandpapa do before, and stole out 
into the garden where there was a very pretty summer house 
that his father had built, lie struck a light with a match, and 
commenced to smoke. He took a few draws, and the smoke got 
into his eyes and made him cough; but he was determined to 
try, therefore he drew the smoke through the pipe and pufted 
away more slowly than before. He found by doing so, that he 
did not cough so badly, and he felt proud that he could smoke a 
pipe like grandpapa. He had not smoked long, however, when 
a strange sen.sation came over him, a dizziness in the head, 
a strange singing in the ears, and a dreadful feeling of sickness. 
He put down the pipe, and leaned his head in his hands, when 
a feeling of faiutness caused the cold sweat to break out on his 
forehead. Oh! what shall I do, thought poor John, what ever 
can be the matter with me? I dare not tell any one. Oh, that 
I had never touched that nasty i>ipe! He thought he would 
try to get to bed before his parents came home, but before 
he could get to the house he was very, very sick. However he 
took up the pipe, and tried to reach the house and hasten to 
bed; but as soon as he got to the house, he met his father and 
mother, who had just returned from their visit. There stood 
poor John, pale as death, the cold perspiration standing in great 
beads upon his brow, holding in his hand the cause of all 
his suffeiing — the ]iipe. 

"Whatever is the matter with you, John, you look quite 
sick?" a.sked his father. 

I'oor John could stand it no longer, and bursting into tears, 
cried, "Oh father I have been very iboli.^h. I have been trying 
to smoke this pi|tb, and it has made me feel so ill; I feel as 
though I was going to die." 

[lis mother seeing the state of aflairs, and feeling thathei son 
had been suSiciently punished, exclaimed: "\V'cll, John, you 
had better go to bed," and, taking him by the hand, led him to 
hi.s bedroom. But John was very ill. He had vomited, and 
the retching had quite upset him, and a fever .set in that 
caused h'un to keep his room for many days. The do.'tor was 
sent for, and John had to take many a bitter draught; but 
it proved in the end a great lesson to him. 



i^^- 



A PLKVSANT word in the morning, which Is a kind feeling 
coined into expression, may keep two hearts aglow and sunny 
all day. 

He who says what he likes, shall hear what he does not like. 






^?^^- 



0" TJ "V E IN" I Xj E I3<rSTI^TJCTOI^ 



■^^^i 



59 



/\>r the Jitmiilc InMruclor. 



I 



WANT to toll my young friends something about my first 
mission to preach the gospel of Christ to the world. After 
Joseph the prophet had led Zion's camp to Missouri, and we 
had passed through all the trials of that journey, and had 
buried a numWr of our brethren, as given in historj-, the 
prophet called the caiu|) together, and organized the church in 
Zion, and gave much good counsel to all. lie advised all the 
young men. who had not families, to stay in Mi.ssouri and imt 
return to Kirtland. Not having any family I stopped with 
Lyman AVight, a-s did Milton Holmes and Ilemau Hyde. W'c 
spent the summer together jaltoring hard, cutting wheat, 
quarrying rock, making brick, and anything cl.-^c we could lind 
to do. 

In the fall I had a desire to go and preach the Gospel. I 
knew the Gospel wbicli the Lord had revealed to Joseph 8niith 
w:i> true, and of such great value that I wauled to tell it to the 
peiiple who had not heard it. It wa.s so good and jilain. it 
S'lined to me I could make the people believe it. I was but a 
teacher, and it is not a teacher's office to go abroad and jireach. 
I darwd not tell any of the authorities of the Church that I 
wanted to preach, for they might think I was seeking for an 
office. 

I went into the woods where no one could see me, and I 
prayed to the Lord to ojKin my way so that I could go and 
preach the Gosjiel. While 1 was jiraying, the Sjiirit of the 
Lord came upon me. and told me my pniyer was heard and that 
my re<|ue,Ht should l>e granted. I feU ver>' liappy, and pot up 
and walked out of the woods into tin- traveled road, and (here 
I met a high priest who had lived in the same house with me 
Mmc six months. He had not said a word to me about preach- 
ing the gos|)el; but now, a.s soon as I met him, he said, ''the 
l»rd has revealed to me that it Ls your privilege to I* ordained 
ami t!i> and preach the gosjK-l. " I told him I was willing to do 
whatever the I/ord required of mc. I did not tell him I had 
ju-t asked the I>ird to let me go and Jireach. 

In a few days a council wa.s called at Ionian Wight's, and 1 
waj< ordained u )iriest and sent on a mi.s.'ion into .Vrkaicas and 
Tennessee, in company with an rldi r. This nii.-si.iii was given 
m. by KIder I'arlridge, who was the first bL-hop urdained in the 
Chureh. 

The law of Gij<l to us in those days wa.- to go without purse 
or acrip. Our journey lay through Juekson county from which 
the Saints had just Ix'cn driven, and it wim dangerous for a 
"Mormon" to bu found in that part ol the Slate. We put .xime 
Ii4)<>ks of Monnon and some eluthing into our valises, strip|K'd 
ihein on our bn'k", and started on font, rrus-<t'd the fi-rrj' into 
Jackson county and wi-nt thmugh it. In some initanees thi; 
I/ml preHer>c-d us, as it wenr by miracle, from the mob. We 
dared not goto liou-^'s and gut food, so wi' pi(;ked and ate raw 
cini, and slept on the ground, and did any way wu could until 
wc got out ot the oiunly. 

Wc dnn-d not preach wliile in thai munly, and we did liut 
htlJu preoi-hiiig in tlie Ktalv of .MiMuturi. The first (Juic 1 
altrnipt'-<l to preaeh wax on Sunday, in a (nvem, in tlic enrly 
part of Uecfudier, \xM. It wat in a snow Htiirui, and (In' room 
wa« full. An I ciimnieiHx-<l li> -{x-nk the lamllord o|x-rii'd th<- 
d'xir, ainl (he i>now blew on the |K><iple; und wIm'U I iii'|iiiri'd 
t!i'' olij<-<-t of lisvini; the do<ir ofx'ii in n xnow iitonn, h<' iiit'>nii<-d 
uv he Wririli-<1 wmie li>.'ht on til'- cubjeet; I found i( WttH the 
custom of (lie country. 

How Miiii'h giMMl I did in that M-nnon I never knew, and 
prolably neviT ahall know until I mei'( (lia( i'<ini.'n'Kn(ioii in 
Pjt juJjrotuonL In lliu wiutheni iwrtiun of .^liwlun and (he north- 
> '^ cm part of Aikanra*, in Wi\, there wcro but wry few inhabi 



tants. We visited a place called Harmony Mi.-sion, on the 
(•sage river; (look on your maps, children, and you will .see it is 
one of the most crooked rivers in the west.) This Mission wos 
kei)t by a Presbyterian minister and his family. \Ve arrived 
there on Sunday night at sunset: we had walked all day with 
nothing to eat, and were very hungry aud tired. Neitlwr the 
mim.ster nor his wife would give u.s anything to eat nor let us 
stay over night, because we were ''Mormons," and the only 
chance we had was to go twelve miles farther down the river, 
to ati 0>age ludi.in trading home, kept by a rrenchnuin named 
oereu. And this wicked priest, who would not give us a piece of 
bread, lied to us about the road, and sent u.« across the swamp, 
and we wallowed knee deep in mud ami water till ten o'clock at 
night in trying to folli>w this crooked river. We then lefi the 
swamp, and put out into the prairie, to lie in the grass for the 
night. When we came out of the swamp, we heard an Indian 
drumming on a tin jiail and singing. In was verj' dark, but we 
traveled toward the iioi.se, and when we drew near the Indian 
camp (juite a numljer of large Indian dogs cume out to meet us. 
They smelt us, but did not bark nor bite. We were- soon 
suiTounded by Osage Indians, and kindly received by Mr. Jereu 
and his wife, who was an Indian. She gave us an excellent 
supi)er and a good bed, which we were thankful for after the 
f itigue of the day. As I laid my head on my |)illow I felt to 
thank God, from the bottom of my heart, for the exchange 
of the barbarous treatment of a civilized Presbyterian ])rie.'it. for 
the huiuaue, kind and generous treatmeut of thu savage Osage 
Indians. 
)Iay God reward them both according to their deserts. 

W. W. 



THE -V^ O I C E OE 



A\^K read this jiassage in John x. 4, .I: "And the ^heep follow 
1 1 him; for they know his voice; and a stranger will they not 
follow, but will flee from him; for thi^y know not the voitv of 
strangers. " In eastern countries, where flixks and herds make 
often the chief |Missession-< of the jK'ople, they a»c ver>" watchful 
over them. Shephenls come to know every sheep in their 
fliK'ks, and sometimes have iianie^ for them. It was in allusion 
to this custom, when our Savior said, "He cullcth his sheep by 
name." 

We read not long siiipc, of a man in India, who was accused 
of stealing u sheep. He was brought Ih-I'oto the Judge, and 
another man who claimed the sheep was al.xo pre.scnt. Holh 
had witncsse-s to prove their claims; so that it was not easy fur 
the judge to decide iM-tween them. 

Hut knowing' the customs of shepherds, and the habits of 
sliwp, the judge onlcred llie sheep to U' brought itilo cxuirt, 
and M-iil one of the two men into another nN<m, while ho 
tuld till' other to cull (he hho-p, and M'e if i( would (NUik' to him. 
Hut the |Hior animal, not knowing the "\oiee of a stningcr, ' 
Would not Ko (o him. In (he nn'un (ime, (he odier miin, who 
wa'< in an adjoining riHim, groMJng impatient, ami hn\ing a 
«u-i<ii'ion of what was goin^' on, f,'ave n kiml of a "cluck, ' ujiun 
which (he slii-ep iMiiindid aMav towan|.> him at otiee. 

Thin "eluek ' was the wny in nhidi he hiid lN-<-n UmhI to mil 
his sleep; and it was at oiio- dceiilcd by (ho Judge that he was 
till' real owner. So he onlered the iihe<'p, which would not 
haikcii (o the s(ruiiKer's coll, to be given to tliv khephenJ whoM 
Voice In- knew. 

We ore (JihI'k i.hi-<'p, and if we li'.tcn. we will hear him 
cjillinif to us. Not in a voi.i' rtuning to our oiitwanl ears, but 
ill a still xiiinll *oiic, le unl in our ncar(n. When MunrthiiiK 
(■■lis iix (•> do wpiiik,', thii( ix, the \oii<i' of a •liiiii|,-rr, and wc 
Hhoiild tli'c fioiii II, but the voii<i' (ha( (ell* ii" l» be kind, 
iiierciliil, pure. ol«'di< III, lioiiei>(, |or».'i\iiig niid jii>l, ihiit ii ihi' 
voiiv ol'lhe (iiMxl .Shcphi-nl, aii>l it we follow llim, hv will Uud 
«u into grevu |«i<ture.i, and Ix-iidc ulill watcM.— iSiMr/<yt 



I 




a"TJ^E3^ILE IltTSTI^TJGTOI?. 



%lt SniitmU Ittslruclop* 






APRIL 15, 1867. 




our little readers ever think, in looking 
at the sun rise above our eastern mount- 
ains, that it is the sun which actually rises? 
A person who did not know better might 
think that the sun does rise, and that the 
earth on which we live stands still. If you 
were to be placed on a steamboat sailing on 
a river, and were to look at the land on each 
side, you would think that the land was 
moving. You would know, of course, that the 
land could not be moving; but that it must be the 
boat. So it is on the earth. The earth moves 
-''i*^ '^u' tli6 sun apjK'ars to tis to move. The earth 
turns over, or makes a complete revolution in 
about twenty-four hours. Therefore the sun does 
not appear to us at the same moment that it does to 
iJ>V^^ the jieople east and we.st of us. 

n^tlf^^ Any of our little readers who wish to get an idea 
of the movement of the earth can do so in a simple 
way. Take a candle or a lamp, and let it be in the place of the 
sun, and then take an ajiple or a ball and stick a pin in each 
end. By holding the jiins in your fingers, and letting the ball roll 
over towards the hght, you will .see how the light of the sun 
strikes the earth and gives the appearance of the sun rising and 
.setting. 

If we travel from this city to the east, the da>- begins earlier. 
We travel towards the point from which the sun ajjpears. And 
if we go towards the west, the day begins later. If we were 
to go from here to the Missouri river, we would find sun-rise 
there over an hour earlier than it is here. A thousand njiles 
eastward the .sun rises an hour earlier than it does here: and a 
thousand miles westward it rises an hour later. When the 
little boys and girls who live in this Temtoiy are rubbing their 
eyes and thinking about getting up, the boys and girls in New 
York have had their breakfasts and have gone to school, and 
the children in England are probably eating their dinners. 
But to the west of us, in California, the children, when it is 
suuri-c here, are likely fast a.sleep in their beds, for it is still 
night there. It is the sun which brings the day. 

i?uppo.-e we were to start westward, and to travel at the rate 
of a thousand miles an hour. Tliis is about the rate at which 
the nrtb revolves or turns. We start at sunrise on Sunday, 
jusi us the sun begins to peep over our eastern mountains. 
If wo were to travel at this speed westward, and go clear round 
the earth, the sun would got no liigher at our back, we would 
bring sunrise with iis at every place along our line of travel. 
We bring sunrise with us to Carson city, Sacramento, San 
Franc!. CO. At all these places it is still Sunday morning. We 
call at •he Sandwich T.slands as we go, and we find by looking 
at our watch that we have been about three hours fioni home; 
but i; -s still Sunday morning. Wc keep on acro.«s the broad 
Pacific for our journey is a long one, and we reach Hong Kong. 
Here w- find that the day ha-; changed. It is Monday nmrn- 
ing. r>\it we do not stop, we keep on traveling. It is .Monilay 
morniiji' at every point we touch, and when wc reach home it is 
sunrisf .in Monday morning. We have made the trip around 
in twenty-four hours. 



A company of our elders left this city in the Fall of 1852, on 
missions to various places. Among them were several for the 
East Indies. From Brother A. Milton Musser's journal, who 
was one of the party, we learn that they landed at the mouth of 
the Hoogley river, near Calcutta, on Sunday, April 24th. This 
was the American time, according to their journals. But when 
the pilot came on board they found that it was Monday, the 2oth 
of April. This change of the day is always made when half 
way round the earth from Greenwich. Greenwich is a very 
noted place in England, from which astronomers begin to 
measure around the earth. Halfway around from Greenwicli 
is a point in the Pacific ocean. Sailing from the east to the 
west across this point a day has to be skipped; and in going 
from the west to the east across it, a day has to be added. 



BIBLE Q,TJBSTIOiTS 

INSERTED IN NUMBER SIX, NOW RE-INSERTED WITH THEIR 
ANSWERS. 

1. AVliat roj-al warrior did Abram conquer in a niglit of battle? 
CHEDORLAOMER. Genesis xiv cliap., 1.3 to 16 verses. 

2. What warrior led a vast army across a deep river without 
the aid of bridges or boats? 

JOSHUA. Jo.shua iii chap. 

3. "What priest had his two sons slain in a great battle? 
ELI. 1 Samuel iv clwp., 11 verse. 

4. What celelirated warrior was the father of seventy sons? 
GIDIOX. Judges viii chap., 30 verse. 

5. Wliat king having a very long name was subdued bv 
Othniel? 

CIIUSHAX-RISHATHAIM, king of Mesopotamia, Judges 
iii cliap., 9 — 10 verses. 

(i. What place did Othniel smite and capture, and gained a 
wife tliereliy? 

KIRJATH-SEPHER, Joshua xv chap., 16—17 verses. 

7. What king was hung on a tree, and buried in the ruins of 
liis own city? 

THE KING OF AI. Joshua viii chap., 29 verse. 

8. Wliat judge was the father of thirty sons and thirty 
daughters? 

IBZAN OF BETHLEHEM. Judges xii chap., 8—9 verses. 



CJ^TBomsis/r 

FOR OUR JUVENILKS. 

Be-published from No. 6, with their an.swers: — 

■11. Wliat wicked act of cruelly did the mob do to Joseph on 
a niglit in March, 1S32? 

Tlie inob burst into his house when he was asleep and carried 
him out. They then tore olt'liis clothes, beat him severely and 
co\ered him witli a coat of tar and featliers. They tried to 
clioko and poison him, and in otlier ways endeavored to kill 
liini. But tlie Lord preserved his life. 

41. AVho were the chief leaders of flic mob? 

Apostates; who were ever tlie most bitter enemies to Joseph. 

43. Wlien did Joseph start for Missouri, to visit tlie second 
time the jjlaee whicli the Lord had said sliould bo the centre 
slake of Zion? 

On tlie 2nd April, 1.S32. 

4."). Wlial liappcned to him and brother N. K. Wliitney, wlien 
returning to Kirtland? 

Tliey were traveling in a coacli wlien the liorses took fright. 
Brother Whitney tried to jump out; liis foot caugiit in a wheel 
and his leg was broken in several places. Tliey stopped at a 
tavern in Indianna, wlien poison was given to Jo.seph in his 
food. He vomited large quantities of blood and poisonous 
matter. 

■1'). How was the power of God made manifest in their behalf. 

Hrothcr Whitney admiiiLstcred to Brother Joseph and he was 
instantly healed. 

46. What was the title of the first paper ever published in 
Missouri? 



m: 



'--'^ 



■^ 



r)^ 



SP 



CTTJVEilTinLE IH^TSTI^TJOTOI?/, 



■^^£j 



61 



The Evening and Morning Star. 

47. Who made arrangeni^nts for publishing it? aiid ■when 
was it published? 

The Proplict Joseph; tho first nunilicr was issued June, 1832. 

4'^. When did tlio prophet Joseph see for the first time Presi- 
dents Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and Joseph Young? 

In November, 1832. 

49. Where did any of the brethren first speak in tongues? and 
who were those brethren? 

In Kirtland: Brothers Brigham Young and John P. Green. 

50. What did Joseph then predict concerning President 
Brigham Young? 

That the time would come when he would preside over the 
whole church. 
Correct answers to the above were given by G. R. E.mery. 



J^ 



n. I T T 31. ■::• 



Ji'or the Juvenile Tnstrjictor. 

:f o L ic s. 



IN the year 1849, that is about eighteen year's ago, a great 
many people i)assed throudi (Ireat Salt Jjake city on their 
way to the gold mines of Califi nia. Some of them were so 
late in the season that President i'oung advised them to go to 
California by what is called the southern route, instead of 
the northern road which was Ix oniing dangerous, on account 
of the approach of winter with its cold and storms; he also 
offered to furnish them a guide. So they staid in Great Salt 
Lake City a few days, preparing for the journey, and then 

started south under the guidance of Capt. II . For a time 

evcrjthing pas.sed off very pleasantly, the weather was fine, 
traveling good and all the members of tho company seemed to 
cujoy themselves. But l)y and bye some became dissatisfied, 
and, when some man came along who ])riifessed to know a 
shorter and easier way to California, all the discontented ones, 
and as many more a.s tluy could jiersuade to do so, followed 
him. Capt. H — advised them not to go, telling them they 
would get into trouble; but they disregarded liis couii.?el, left 
the plain road and their guide and went off into the mountains. 
Tliey soon found they had got tliemselves into difficulty and 
wished, when too late, thit they had followed the advice of 
their guiile. They lost t'leir way in the midst of the mountains, 
and, as they had no leader in whom they had confidence, they 
Bjilit up into several parties. Their .sufferings were terrible; 
many died of hunger and thirst in the midst of the dcsert.s, 
others killed and eat their mules and horses when they could 
travel no farther, while soni' .oi-c glad to eat even the hoofs 
and hides of their oxen ana the leather of their boots and 
liarness. All these hardships and suffi'rings they would have 
esi-iijied if they had continued to follow their leader, and tho.se 
who did 80 arrived safely, anil without sufieriiig at their 
destination. ''()! you will m. what foolish people. " So tlu'y 
were; but are not wmie ol . lU, who read this, often just as 
foolish? G'kI ha.s given you parents, teaehem and kind friends 
to guide you in the path of .siifely ami virtue. Yet do you never 
prefer to have your own way, and pout and look cross, and act 
in a vcr>' naughty manner, if your papa or mamma wishes you 
U. do something that docii no' exactly please you? Sometimes 
children arc ni> obstinate and wicked that they will have their 
own way; but they always !.'• liUo a great deal of trouble, and 
o)\en see their error wbiMi it !■ two late. 

The I/ird has also given u.s a leader to guide uh to heaven, 
and if we follow him and do :n he tells uit we nhall U' sure 
to gel thertr safely. Thai guid. 's I'a'sidetil Young. As there 
arc great many people who "i''! to go to heaven, and they nil 
cannot alwuyM hce President YiMing, lie hiu* ap|Hiinti'd a numU'r 
of other men to aiwist him in i;uidinK tiie |H-ople so ihnl none of 
them need to loitc the way. llut nouio pcniouM think they know 



better than their parents, better than their teachers or bi.shops 
or even Brigham Young, and think they can find a shorter and 
easier road to heaven than by following him. But such persons 
always get into difficulty and see trouble and sorrow. 

Now if any one should ever try to persuade you to forsake 
your guide and try some new road to heaven, just think of this 
story and don't pay any attention to them. Remember that 
Brigham Young is the guide that God has given us, and the 
Bible, Book of Jlormon and Book of Covenants are our guide 
books to show us the way and to tell us of any dangerous ])laces 
and how to avoid them, and if wc follow them we shall be sure 
to be right. S. 



THE 



J^or the Jtivetiile In.^tructor, 

IL, :Ei O F J^. lEtlD . 



and the liCopard is another 




THE Leopard is one of the most beautiful animals in the 
world: yet few would think in looking at it, that it would 
be so ferocious and cruel. 

These brief articles on various members of the animal king- 
dom are not intended to do more than awaken an interest in the 
study of natural hi-:i>n,'. on the part of our juveniles; hence 
our sketches are n' cc.-sarily brief. 

The Leopard is a member of tho cat tribe, with a slight mL^c- 
turc of the dog nature: in it. Who that sees the domestic cat 
gently puning around the fire side, would ever imagine that 
the most cruel and deadly of all the animal kingdom belong 
to the same species. Y'et it is so. The tiger, one of the most 
cruel of animals, is a kind of cat; 
of the same tribe of animals. 

As can be seen by 
looking at our illustra- 
tion, the Leopard is a 
beautiful looking ani- 
mal, and its spotted skin 
is considered a treasure 
among furs. 

It is iibout four feet 
in length, and is some-^^ 
times mistaken for the 
Panther, which is nearly the same in appearance, though the 
latter is something larger, with tho spots on its skin more dis- 
tinctly formed. 

Besides the common Leopard there is an animal of tho kind, 
in India, which is used for hunting, and is known as tho 
Cheetah, or Hunting I>eopartl. It ciin be donn^slieated to un 
extent. It is intenuediate in size between the common I^eopard 
and the hound, and it maybe c(unmonly s>en in I'.ast Indian 
families, where it is sometimes chained in an a)>artmenl as a 
dog is occasionally chained up in this country. Yet at no time 
can the Cheetah, or the I/'Opard, be entirely trusted; for all tho 
animals of the tiger or cat kind are treachervius. 

The Ixiopard is widely known, being n native of Africa, 
Persia, India, China, and many of the Indian islands. 



TIIK OVKN BlUIl.— In South America there is a binl 
dial buildf ils lust of clay, ami shapes it like an oven; and for 
ibis reason il has bci-n ralli><l the "Oven Bird." Tho Isruelilox, 
when undir task niaslers in l'*gypl. were comiK-IKd an you 
know, 111 make bricks. And we read, that llii'V mixed straw 
with clay. Among the ruins of Babylon, and other Knsleni 
eiiii's. Iialfbnrni'd. or sun dried bricks, are found at tJiiii day 
with the grans and ntraw slill in them. 

Now this curiouit oven bird docn, from iniitiiict, Ju»l what 



b^^- 






^s^, 6S 



0" TJ "\r nn n^ I L E! insrsTi^TJCTOie,. 



reason, taught by iiecessitj', led the Israelites, and other ancient | 
briokmakers to do. In building his dome-shaped nest of the 
wet clay he gathers by the river banks, he mixes in straw and 
grass, and they help to keep e^•el■3■thing in shape until the hot 
sun of the tropics bakes the clay nearly as hard as brick. The 
nest has two chambers, made by running a wall of clay across 
from side to side. In the inner chamber, which is nearly dark, 
the mother bird lays her eggs on downy feathers, and then 
hatches her young. 

The oven bird is brown in color, slenderly built, and about 
the size of the lark. He is a bold-looking fellow, and very 
active; always running or walking about very fast, or flitting 
from bush to bush in search of the insects on which he feeds. 
He is to be found on the banks of South American Rivers. 

Selected. 



®oa| \>i iSimttim ST|dcT]( 









u^ 



Fur the Juvenile Instructor. 
THE VISIT OF JESUS TO THE NEPHITES, 




THE subject of this sketch is one of the most interesting and 
beautiful contained in the Book of Jlormon. Some little 
time after the occurance of the terrible events described in om' 
last chapter — but percisely how long we are not informed — 
a large multitude of people were gathered round the temple in 
the land Bountiful, conversing about the sign that had been 
given of the death of Jesus, and the awful judgements that 
accompanied it. While thus conversing with one another they 
heard a voice as if it came out of heaven; it was not a harsh nor 
a loud voice, but although gentle, it pierced all who heard it to 
the centre of their souls, caasing eveiy part of their frame to 
quake and their hearts to burn. Not understanding the voice 
they looked round to see where it came from, and the third time 
they heard the voice they understood it; and it said unto them, 
"behold my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased, in whom 
I have glorified my name; hear ye him." The people again 
looked up towards heaven, and saw a man descending out of 
heaven, clothed in a white robe, who came and stood in the 
midst of them, and the eyes of all the peojile were turned upon 
him, and they did not dare to speak, thinking he was an angel. 
And he stretched out his hand to the multitude and .said, 
"Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the prophets testified should 
come into the world; and behold, I am the light and the life of 
the world; and I have diunk out of that bitter cup which the 
Father hath given me, and glorified the Father in faking u])on 
me the sins of the world, in the which I have suffered the will 
of the Father in all things from the beginning." And when 
Je.sus had said these words the whole multitude fell to theeartli; 
for they remembered that it had been prophesied that Christ 
should show huu.self among them after he had ascended to 
heaven. 

And Jesus commanded the people to arise ami coinc and 
thmst their hands into his side and to feel the ]jrints of the 
nails in his hands and in his feet; and when they had done so, 
they fell down at his feet and worshiiJ]ied him. Jesus then 
called to him Xe)jhi and eleven others and gave (hem power to 
jireach the Go.spel and baptize all who repented of their sins. 
.'\fter some time spent in instracting them in regard to the 
duties of their office and in teaching the jieople, Jesus prejiared 
to take hu departure to his Father in the heavens; but as 



he looked round upon the multitude and saw them all in tears 
and gazing earnestly upon him as if they would ask him to stay 
a little longer with them, he was filled with comjiassion towards 
them, and called for all that were sick or blind or lame or 
maimed in any way among them, and healed them all, and 
as many as could get near Jesus fell down and worshipped him, 
kissing his feet and bathing them with their tears. He then 
prayed with them in a most wonderful and beautiful manner 
and their souls were filled with a joy that no one can conceive 
unless they have experienced it. Having called for their little 
children he took them, one by one, and blessed them and prayed 
unto the Father for them, and angels descended out of heaven 
and ministered to these little ones and encircled them about as 
if by fire, and the whole multitude saw it and bore record of it 
Jesus then called all the people to sit down ujion the ground, 
while he blessed bread and wine and gave it to his disciples 
to distribute among the multitude, in remembrance of his body 
which had been broken and his blood which had been shed for 
them; after which he ascended again into heaven. 



THE STEP-MOTHER WREN.— One morning there was a 
great outcry in the garden. A cat had caught and killed a little 
wren, the mother of a large family. All the birds in the garden 
cried out "For shame!" and the cat ran away half in terror, 
half in shame; but it did no good, the mother wren was dead. 
By and bye the other birds returned to their own homes, and the 
father wren seeing that he could not take care of all his little 
ones alone, flow away too, and was gone some time. Afler a 
while he came back, bringing a little lady wren with him, and 
she went to work to help him take care of his little ones, just as 
if they had been her own. All day long they flew back and 
forth bringing food to the little family, and at night she covered 
them with her wings. I am sure it was very good of her to 
take care of them in this way, and if the little baby wi'ens had 
known as much as some boys and girls, I sui)]>ose they would 
have been very grateful to her for taking such good care of 
them when their own mother was dead. All that I understand 
very well, but I do not see how the father wren made the little 
lady understand that their mother was dead, and that he wished 
her to come and help him take care of the birdies. I suppose 
the birds have some language of their own, but I did not 
sujipose it was so copious as that would seem to indicate. 

Selected. 



"When'er a duty waits for thee, 
With sober judgment view it; 
And never idly m'/.v/i it done; 
Begin at once and do it 

"For sloth says falsely, 'By and bye 
Is just as well to do it;' 
But present strength is surest strength; 
Benin at once and do it. 

"And find not lions in the way, 
Nor faint if thorn bestrew it; 
But l)ravely try, and stiength will come, 
For God trill hilp thee do it." 



SHUT YOUR EARS.— Shut you cars when bad words are 
said. Do not let them get into your memories, for they may 
trouble you all your lives. If i'ou are not made low and wicked 
by them, says a writer, but grow up to lie pure men and women, 
"you will br all tlie more sr)rry for the impure spots left in your 
mind, which will stick like pitch to you, and which you cannot 
bmn or wash away." 



\?^^ 



J- TJ "V^ E ISr I L E XlSTSTT^UaTOTt. 



63 -4Cri 

1 



SBlar|i:iij[if]U» 






TDEIE 




LLl^DING to the difficulties with which 
"^ ho and the saints had to contend during 
these days, Joseph said: "They [the 
Missourians] are continually chaffing us, 
and provoking us to anger if possible; 
one sign of threatening following another. 
15 ut we do notiear thcni; for the Lord 
God, the Eternal Father, is our God, 
and Jesus, the mediator, is our Savior, 
and in the Great I AM is our strength 
and confidence. We liavc been driven time after 
time, and that without cause, and been smitten 
again and again, and that without provocations, 
until we have proved the world witli kindnes.s, and 
the world jiroved us that wo have no design 
again.st any luau or set of men; that we injure no man; 
J? that we are peaceable with all men; minding our own 
l^ bu.sines.s, and our own bu.sine>s only, ^\'e have sufler- 
■o^* ed our rights and our liberties to be taken from u.s; we 
* have not avenged ourselves of those wrongs. We 

have appealed to Magistrates, to Sheriffs, to Judges, to Govern- 
or- and to the I're.-ideut of the United States, all in vain. Yet 
we have yielded peaceably to all these things. We have not 
complained at the Great (iod. We murmured not; but peace- 
ably left all, and retired into the back couutrj', in the broad and 
wild prairie, in the banen and desolate plain.", and there eom- 
inenced anew. We made the desolate places to bud and 
blossom a.s the rose; and now the fieud-litc race are disposed U) 
give us no rest." 

This is a plain and powerful testimony respecting the wrongs 
endured by the L:ilter-day Saints at the hands of their enemies. 
A prophet of the living t!o<l wrote it, and it will live a.s a 
Urrible record against the men whose crimes it describes, until 
the veng'.ance of an offended God is fully .satisfied. The recol- 
lection of tlieir deeds can not be blotted out, for they were 
written in cbaractcrs of blood. Woe to that peojile who 
jMirsccuto the Saints of God ami shed their blood! It would Ix; 
belter for them had they never been born. Already has the 
soil of >li-s<,uri in the late civil war been stained by th',- UocmI 
of many of those guilty men and tlu'ir families; and the encl is 
not yet! The blood of innocence docs not ciy i" vuiii to the 
L-.rd. 

The excitement oj^inst the naints still continued to innvasc. 
Tlio mobltcm olleeted from all rpiarters to iJnviess county, and 
the reix)rt cauie to Fur West on Septemlx-T Htli, js.is, ilmt they 
wcr« alxmt to attack Adiim-ondi-Alinnm. That ilay a few of 
the brt.-thren went to the a.Hiislanco of the saitii-s in tliiil plno«', 
and the next moniing anofliiT eompany wml llure. Ilrariiig 
thai a ti'am was going th>^n- fn)m Uichniond, loaded with gumt 
and animunilion f>pr the mob, a company nf t<ii nuMinti d nn-n. 
UTider cnplain William Allfd, went from Fur Went to meet it. 
Tln'y foimd the wagon broken down, and ihe Ix)Xpi4 of guns 

drawn iiitn the high gnwH near the wagon. There wan no < 

with the wagon when the brethrrn found it; but three men sooti 
hove in ^iKllt. Tlii'y wi'n.' arrexled, anil with the (niiii, were 
takfn to Far Wfxl. After the amxl of ihew mm the fiw in 
w.;re Htated to Jmlge King by !• Her, and he wa'i oxkej for hit 
•dviec an to the pro|>vr luanucr uf dix|H>iing of llio gutui aud 



^i^-^- 



prisoners. He said in reply, "turn the prisoners loose;" he was 
at a loss to give any advice about the guns; but, said he, "they 
shall not through any agency of mine be taken from you to 
be converted and u.sed for illcL'al purposes." Under the same 
date, however, this judge advi.sed General Atchi.son: "to send 
two luindred or more men and di.^pel the forces in Daviess and 
all the assembled armed forces in Caldwell, and cau.-« those 
Mormons who refuse to give up. to suiTcnder, and be recog- 
nized, for it will not do to compromise the law with them." 

We describe this occurence for you to see, children, the 
hypocrisy of this judge. Outwardly to Joseph and the saints 
he wanted to appear smooth, while at the same time he was 
their enemy. It would not do to compromise the law with the 
"Mormons." Oh, no; Judge King thought that would be very 
wrong; but it was all right for the mob to drive off aiij kill the 
saints, and the saints were verj' naughty for not letting them do 
so. This is the sjiirit the enemies of the Churt'h of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints had then; it is the spirit they have 
now. 

There were many things oocured in tho!« days which forcibly 
remind us of circumstances that we have here in th'xs 
valleys. We will relate one. A William Drydeu, justice of the 
peace in Daviess county, wrote a long letter to Hoggs, the 
Governor of the State. He said, that he had issued a writ 
against Alan.son Hipley, George A. Smith and others for 
a.ssaulting and threatening Adam Black on the eighth of 
August last, and that the officer with a guard of ten men, in 
attempting to .serve the writ, was forcebly driven lioni the town 
where the offenders were supposed to be, and that the ".^Ionuons" 
were so well armed and so numerous in Caldwell and Daviess that 
the judicial power of the counties was wlwllv unable to execute 
a writ against a "Mormon," aud that the ".Mormon.-," held the 
"Institutions of the countrj' in utter contcinjif," with many 
more such lies of the blackest kind. Boggs, on rceci\ing this 
letter, i.ssued an order, through his adjutant general, to General 
David 11. Atchison, to rai.sc asuOicient force of troops under his 
command, and aid the civil officers in Daviess county to execute 
all writs and other processes in their charge, and e.-pecially lo 
a.s.'-ist the officer who had the writ issued by justii-e Drydeii for 
the arrest of Alarison Hipley, George A. Smith and others, aud 
bring the offenders to justice. 

This contomptable justice of the |Kacc, could by his lies, 
move the Governor of the slateof Missouri to instant action; but 
the cries of hundreds of siliut.s for pniti'etion ami ju.--tice he would 
not notice. The saints pled again and again for in-aee, and for 
aid to di'feiid their homes against the mob. Wei-e they li.-tened 
to? No; they asked in vain. So it ha.i been since the Saints came 
into these mountains. They have siiit petition after (letition, 
stating their wishes to those in authority; and though they 
have been the voi<'« of a nuiucmus and great people, they huvo 
been unheeded. Hut a letter filled with lies from some low, 
wicked judge would touch them to the heart in a nioniint. 
"Oh! wo must do something iiuiiicdiatrly with tlie Mormons. 
Tli<-y are a vi r>' bad people Judge WliLikcy drilikir sayn so 
and it miisl bo ho. We mu-^t send IroojM to whip them into 
aubjecliou. ' 

Veil eon see, children, that the inoblx^rn are not nil dead yfl. 
.Neither has the spirit they hail in .>li-'.touri staid there. WIhti- 
cvi-r the |ieoplu of God go, the devil will follow tliem with hi* 
lies. If ho cun get any man lo give him nMiiu for his spirit in 
this valliy he will Ih- Of mean and baUful and mujxlcruujiM iho 
iDubbers iu .Miiwjuri were. 



NtintiNn ipvot moro TreshneMi to cxistenoo thkn iho oon- 
loiuUJiiiuMH of being UM-ful to olhen. 



•^•^cSi 




J" TJ ^ E JNT 1 1., E I3rSTI?>TJOTOI^ 



®ri||ittal |?od^y* 



FOR THE JUVKNILE INSTRUCTOU. 



The Juvenile Instructor 

We hail, right heartily; 
A radiant conductor 

Of light, to minds made free. 
It meets a cheerful welcome, 

From the blossom of our home, 
With joyful exclamation, — 

"Papa, our paper's come." 

At eve around the fireside 

Our youthful ones draw near; 
See how their faces brighten 

As the simple truths they hear; 
The little Pet, just learning 

To lisp some broken word. 
Mimic's her sister reading 

Till naught but laughter's heard. 

Thus may our little children 

Imbibe the words of truth. 
Still growing with their reason. 

And strength'ning with their youth, 
It is, to see them thus engage, 

Pleasure without alloy, — 
Instead of vulgar ribaldry. 

Sweet sentences employ. 

Go, Juvenile Instructor, 

Visit each "Mormon" home, 
Remove all trace of error. 

And for the truth make room; 
Then show thy heavenly mission. 

To elevate the mind 
Of children hero in Zion, 

And thoy, in turn, mankind! 



Provo, 



a. 8. J. 



4ort!|?0J[tUtt&ettC0* 



Draper, March 



1807. 




Dear Editor. — In reading your valual)le little paper I noticed 
a short communication concerning the Sunday schools of your 
city, which I was very much pleased to see. I am also pleased 
to inform you of the existance of one in our staid little pl.ice. 
Our Sunday school was inaugurated in the year 1857, since 
which time it has been steadily progressing. We have eiglil 
teachers, five of whom are male and three female. The books 
used in our Sunday school are the Book of Mormon, which is 
read in two classes, the New Testament in which there are also 
two classes; and McCiulfcy's First reader which is read in four 
classes. We also have a Sunday school library which wo 
recently obtained from the east, and which we aiilicipato will 
be of great interest and benefit to our school. We are doing 
•what we can to interest the juveniles of this place in the matter 
of education, and they seem to be progressing finely. Your 
paper is a welcome visitor and is of inestimable value lo us 
as an assistant in our Sunday school efforts. The children all 
look forward with eagerness for its arrival, and if it does not 
como regularly they seem much disappointed. 

Jamks L. Stewart. 




Great Salt Lake City, April 10, 1867. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Sir. — I am very happy to say that we take your little 
paper, which is a pleasure looked forward to with great interest. 
I am very sorry that little George has stopped; but I hope that 
uncle George will have a pleasant journey and return home in 
safety. I pray for the saints everywhc -3 every time I pray, 
Vi-hich is regularly; I am going to school at present, and can 
read the paper myself as I am in ihe fourth reader. I expect 
the Juvenile by and bye. If you will read this through you 
will oblige your loving juvenile. Susie. 

We hope that Susie will continue to take pleasure in reading 
those things which will give her true knowledge and lay the 
foundation within her of a life of future usefulness, that she 
may grow up to be a wise woman among the people of God. 



SEK^^OC 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

a-EOC3-i?.-^:FH:ia.^Xj 
E i<r I C3- iva: .A. . 



BY E. M. McG. 



I am composed of 18 letters. 

My 11, 4, 3, 6, 8, 13, is a river, also a lake in Utah. 

My 11, 4, 9, 10, 8, is a river in France. 

My 3, 4, 5, 6, 15, 8, is a far-famed city in Italy. 

My 15, 18, 4, 12, 8, is an isle in the Mediterranean, and at 
present is a state of rebellion. 

My 6, 13, 17, 5, is a county of Utah. 

My Y, 9, 5, 10, is a county of Oregon. 

My 4, 13, 6, 8, is a noted lake drained by the St. Lawrenco 
river. 

My 5, 9, 7, 8, is a great river in East Africa. 

My 14, 10, 9, 17, 5, is a seaport town in Central America, and 
also a village in Utah. 

My whole is a friend, imparting instruction to the youth of 
Utah. 



t&" The following have sent correct answers to the Charade 
in No 6— D. Billing?; A. N. Billings jr; D. W. Patten; W. J. 
Lewis; M. E. Crompton; D. Daniels; T. Whitbey; W. Bate. 

The answer is JONATHAN, and the words which compose it 
arc: John, Hannah the mother of Samuel, Nathan who 
reproved king David, and Jonah. 



8@i„ We have a few sots of Volume One of the Instrttctou 
on hand, which those wishing to purchase can have by applying 
at this office. 



Ts published in Great Salt Lake Cifii, Utah Territtyry, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &, PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum 83 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

mr- It is crpcclcd tvhere agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the 21'ipcrs thus ordered; and irlirn Cash payments are made, the}/ 
ivill please forward them with the letter eont nniny the names of the 
subseribers. 

IS' Elder Wm. II. Shearman, Logan, will aet as Genei'al Agent for 
Cache Valle}/. 

Jfjf Grain brought lo this Citii for the JuvEKii.E Instructok will be 
reeeived at the offlec of our paper— Dkseret News Buildings. 




