MQMNES8 TO TEELQBJ?. 

r 




VOL. XV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY ].3, 1880. 



NO. 4. 



IXniANS GATHERING SAP. 



T 




"^HIS engraving is very illustrative- of Indian life at present 
and in bygone days, during the months of 3Iarch and 
April, in the sugar bushes oP the Canadas and the Eastern 
States. Man}' years ago the Indians could tap trees and make 
molasses and sugar where it suited them best. This is now' 
very much clianged; they must now either confine them- 
selves to their own lands, or ask permission of the owners of 
sugar maple 
groves. 

By view- 
ing the pic- 
ture closely 
you will ob- 
serve an In- 
dian with an 
ax raised to 
chop a tree. 
The tree is a 
sugar maple. 
He is doing 
what is call- 
ed tapping, 
that is, mak- 
ing a slant- 
ing incision 
in the trunk 
cif the tree. 
It is cut 
that the sap 
will not 
waste, but 
run to tlie 
bottom of the 
cut. Below 
thi.s a spile 
is drivc.i into 

the tree, a place having l)een made with a steel or iron chisel, 
called a spile driver, ab )Ut two inches wide and circular in 
form. 'J'he spiles are generally made of fico, .straiglit-sijlitting 
cedar wood, about eighteen inches in length, and, being split 
with a spile driver, arc hollow and rounding in form. 'J'liis 
arrangement conveys the sap away from the tree, from which 
it drops into a trough, generally nuide nut of black ash or 




basswood. The troughs are made of proper-sized trees, so 
that in cutting them off into about three-feet lengths, each 
length, when split and hollowed out, makes two troughs, which 
will hold sap, when properly made, care having to be taken 
not to split the ends. As these troughs become filled with sap 
they are emptied into buckets, as shown in the engraving. 
It IS tiien earned to camp and poured into sugar kettles 

or store 
troughs, cou- 
gar kettles 
are of dif- 
ferent sizes, 
guiding from 
iii'teen to as 
much as sev- 
enty-five gal- 
lons. They 
are usually 
made of cast 
ron, and sus- 
liendeJ over 
a fire, as in 
the illustra- 
tion. Store 
troughs arc 
made by cut- 
ting large 
trees into 
lengths of 
fnini twelve 
tij twenty 
i'ect, anil hol- 
lowing out as 
the smaller 
lines, already 
descr i be d. 
Our 'engraving does not show any store troughs, but they were 
indi.si!ensably necessary in early times of sugar making, as, in 
a good running time, the sap would increase fiister than it could 
bi' boiled down, nnle.>^H (piite a number of kettles wore used. 
At the sugar camp, (the ]ilace where the boiling down is done), 
the store troughs aic located, and are made with a cajiarity 
of from one liundred and twenty-five to one hundred and fifty 





38 



CTTJ'sT'EILTII-.E in^STI^TJOTOI^. 





gallouS; or even more. In making sugar, tlie sap is boiled 
down until it becomes thick molasses, when it requires to be 
carefully watched and kept boiling slowlj'. Too much fire 
would burn the thick molasses and the sugar would be damaged. 
This would spoil its sale; still, I well remember, as children, 
we were very fond of eating sugar a little scorched. This 
last process is called by English-speaking people, "sugaring 
off," during which operation the thick molasses requires to be 
constantly stirred. When sufficiently boiled, it becomes gran- 
ulated, and is then ready to be put into vessels and cooled into 
cakes to suit the convenience and taste of the manufacturer. 
The best seasons for sugar making is when there is snow on 
the groiuid, when tlie days are warm and the nights frosty. 

To give an idea of the amount of sugar, etc., that can be 
made in a favorable season, I may cite one instance. On a 
farm of my father's, containing a good sugar bush, the man 
renting, with the help of his wife and adopted daughter, male 
800 lbs. of good sugar, four barrels of molasses, and two 
barrels of vinegar, before commencing their spring farm work. 

Maple molasses is generally ccnsioered preferable to any 
other kind, being free froni thos-e ingredients wh'ch produce 
canker. Maple vinegar is also very choice. 

This primitive mode of making molasses and sugar is super- 
seded, in many places, by a more scientific system. 

While on my iate mission to Canada, I visited the farm of 
a Mr. Lofser, not a great distance fiom the town of Wood- 
stock, county of Oxford, Oatario, where there was a splendid 
'ittle establishment for manufacturing maple syrup and sugar. 
In his maple grove, no young timber was allowed to grow but 
maple. The grove was also cleared of all dead timber. It 
contained a convenient boiling bouse, in which was a nice 
evaporator, placed over furnaces, which required very little 
fuel to make the necessary heat for reducing the sap. Instead 
of the old-fashioned sap and store-troughs,' he used nice clean 
buckets and cisterns. The buckets were carefully housed 
when not in use; and instead of gathering the sap as in the 
illustration, it was hauled to the factory by teams. Instead 
of tapping with an axe, he bored a hole with an inch auger, as 
this damages the trees less than the old fashioned way. 

la this way a beautiful clear article of sugar and .syrup can 
be made, while on the old plan the sugar and molasses are 
generally dark. 

With the destruction of the eastern forests, this once great 
branch of industry has almost become a thing of the past. I 
well remember that my father, while engaged iu the manu- 
facture of leather, boots, shoes, harness, etc., used to receive 
in exchange for his goods, tons of maple sugar. 

In writing on this subject, my mind runs back to boyhood's 
days, when, after the death of my father, I determined to be 
no encumbrance to my mother; and found employment with 
uiy brother-in-law, near the town of Stratford, Perth County, 
Ontario. During the spring of the year 18G0, we tapped 
trees, gathered sap and made several barrels of molasses and 
vinegar. My brother, Charles W., some of my sisters, and 
other youthful cniiinanions. used to vi.-it us at the sugar bush; 
and what merry times we had, seated around the fires at 
nights, boiling and pulling taffy, singing songs, telling stories. 
and listening to the lonesome noifc of the owls, which were 
very plentiful during tho-e early day! 

Last summer 1 visited the place wlicre once we had so 
much sport; but alas! all w,is changed! No tree or stump 
was left to mark the maple forest! It had been destroyed, 
and a field of spring wheat occupied its plac, which was 
scarcely worth harvesting, owing to the de.-^tructive ravages of 



the Hessian fly, or joint-worm, and midge. Around this field, 
in a pasture, I found the real "ironclad" emigrant grass- 
hoppers in great numbers. So one of the scenes and haunts 
of youthful pleasures is in the possession of destroyers, who 
will yet preach, by their destruction of crops, sermons that 
will claim a hearing, where I, as a humble servant of God, 
failed to. 

The Indians of Canada still make some maple molasses and 
sugar, but in small quantities compared with what they used 
to. They do but little hunting, and some fishing, having 
excellent fi.shing grounds. They live chiefiy by agriculture, 
peeling and selling hemlock bark, making baskets, ax 
handles and whip stocks. 

While at Kingston, on Lake Ontario, and Frontinac Bay, 
last summer, I was kindly invited ly three young gentlemen 
friends to take a boat ride, which I cheerfully accepted. We 
rowed up the bay, passing a nice little island, upon which was 
built a house surrounded by an orchard, which was evidently 
much neglected. Continuing up the bay about three miles, 
we discovered a tent in the woods, and some few Indians 
around it. Landing on the shore, we visited the camp. We 
saw a squaw leaving with a back load of baskets, and two 
large Indians preparing materials for the manufacture of 
more. I was interested in observing the process of preparing 
the splints, which is as f'ollow>: A piece of black ash timber, 
about six inches in diameter, was placed on a solid rock, and 
pounded with the back of an axe, the stick being turned until 
it was all pounded. Then, with a heavy butcher knife, the 
stick was split at the end, towards the centre, in widths to suit 
the wares needed; when each year's growth would strip off 
the length of the stick. These were then trimmed, and some 
dyed, when they were ready to be made into baskets. In this 
way are manufactured the splints, which some of our sisters 
use in ornamenting their houses. 

While noticing the manufacture of splints, I heard the 
sound of a child in the tent. I passed around to the mouth 
of it, and discovered a negro girl, of about 11 or f2 years of 
ase, feeding bread and milk to a fine white child, about a year 
old, which had pretty lirge blue eyes. I asked one of the 
Indians if the white child was his. Baing able to speak good 
English, he replied, "Yes; that is, it was given us by a white 
girl down t;he St. Lawrence river, to raise." 

I said, "Some unfortunate white girl, 1 presume." Fie 
answered, "Yes." 

I thought I truly had found the place where races had met. 
What a sad reflection, when Indians become the philanthro- 
pists, to raise unfortunate white children. 

During our conversation the Indians seemed kind, and 
rather intelligent. W. H. Seegmiller; 



-**~ 



TuNAciTr OF Vegetable Life.— The duration and tenacity 
of vegetable life, as seen in the length of time during which 
the seeds of certain plants will retain their vitality, arc truly 
wonderfn'. We may cite the following as an example: 

Lord Lindsay states that iu the course of his wanderings 
amid the pyramids of Egypt he stumbled on a mummy, proved 
Ijy its hieroglyphics to be at least 2,000 years old. In examin- 
ing the mummy after it was unwrapped, he found in one of it.s 
closed hands a tuberous or bulbous root. He was interested in 
the (jucstion bow long vegetable life could last, and he therefore 
took the rout from the nuimmy's hainl, planted it, and in the 
canrse of a few weeks it burst fortfi and bloomed into a beau- 
teous dahlia. 





CTTJA^En^ILE IIsrSTI^TJGTOI?^. 



39 




BOOK OF MORMON SKETCHES. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 




( Coniiiuied.) 

THE spies sent by Alma to watch the movements of the 
Amlicites returned the following day, in great haste, and 
exhibited much fear. They stated that they had followed the 
Amlicites into the land of Slinon, south of the land of Zara- 
hemla. There they saw them join a numerous army of 
Lamanites, and attack the Nephites in that land, who were 
fleeing, with their flocks and herds, towards the land of Zara- 
hemla. The danger of their getting possession of the city seemed 
imminent, unless the army of Alma hastened to its defense. 
Alma immediately marched for Zarahemla. In attempting 
to cross from the east to the west side of the Sidon, the army 
of Alma was attacked by the combined forces of the Amlicites 
and Lamanites. They not only had the advantage of a 
superior number, but also the choice of time and jjlace of 
attack. Alma and Amlici had a fierce personal encounter, in 
which Alma slew his opponent. A personal conflict followed 
between Alma and the king of the Lamanites, but the latter 
fled, and sent his guards to contend with Alma. 

The possession of the crossing of the Sidon was evidently 
contested by the leaders and choicest troops of the contending 
armie?. Alma and his guards were finally successful in clearing 
the west bank of the river. They were fighting for their 
capital city, their homes, their wives and their children. 
They made such havoc among the Lamanites that the dead 
had to be thrown into the river to make room for the army to 
cross. Notwithstanding the superior numbers of the Laman- 
ites and Amlicites, they were defeated, and retreated towards 
the wilderness north-west of the river Sidon. They were 
pursued and slaughtered until they reached the wilderness 
called Hermounts. This was infested by wild beasts. Many 
of the Lamanites and Amlicites died of their wounds, and 
were devoured by beasts and vultures, and their bones were 
afterward.s heaped upon the earth. 

This was a terrible battle. The dead were so numerous that 
they were not counted. The Nephites, after burying their 
dead, returned to their homes. i\Liny of their women and 
children had been slain by the enemy, and flocks and herds 
and much grain had been destroyed. 

The Amlicites, although white like the Nephites, were dis- 
tinguished by a red mark in their foreheads, in imitation of 
the Lamanites, but had not shorn their heads like the latter. 
The Lamanites at this time wont to battle naked, except a 
skin about their loins. Both nations apiiear to have been 
armed alike, both having swords, cimeters, bows and arrows, 
etc., but no defensive armor. 

Not many days after the battle at the crossing of the Sidon, 
another army of Lamanites attacked the Nephites at the same 
place where they had first met the Andicitcs. Alma sent a 
numcrou.s army against tliem, but did nut go liimself, on 
account of a wound lie liad leceivud. 'I'lie Lamanites wcie 
again drivini fiinii tlie country, and peace was establislic<l Inr 
a time. 

These wars and (•iiiifciitlnMs lunk plai-c^ in llic liClh year nf 
the reign of tin' judges, or fST, 15. (.'. It was a year of gieat 
calamities. Many thousands of human beings weic slain in 
battle duiing that year. The afflictions and sorrows caused 
)>y this tciribic war began to work a reformation aiming the 
Nejiliiles, and many were baptized undi-rllic liaiid cil' .\hiia, 



who had been consecrated high priest over the church by his 
father. During the year 85, B. C, 3,500 people were united 
to the church by baptism. 

At this time the Nephites were very unstable and fickle in 
their religious faith and moral condition. Many of the mem- 
bers of the church began to be proud of their wealth, and 
haughty in their demeanor, wliich greatly grieved Alma and 
those connected with him in the priesthood. There was not 
only hatred and persecution among the members of the 
church, but more pride than among those who did not belong 
to it. The wickedness of the church became so great that 
its members set a bad example to unbelievers. There was 
inequality; the poor were despised, and works of charity were 
neglected. The apostasy became so general that Alma deter- 
mined to devote his time to the work of the ministry. For 
this purpose he recommended one Nephihah for chief judge. 
The people elected him to succeed Alma, who retained his 
ofhce as high priest, and devoted his time to preaching the 
gos])el and administering in its ordinances. He labored first 
through the land of Zarahemla, and then through the sur- 
rounding countries. He was very successful in his ministry. 
Many were bajitized, and the church was strengthened and 
built up throughout the land, except in the city Ammohihah, 
which was west of Sidon. The majority of the inhabitants 
of this city were very wicked, and persecuted Alma and the 
few who received his testimony. Some of these were ca.st out 
and stoned, and others ^ere burned to death. Alma and his 
companion, Amulek, were imprisoned and abused for some 
days, when the power of the Lord was manifested in their 
deliverance, by the falling of the prison walls in which they 
were confined, and the killing of many of their persecutors, 
who were inside, while Alma and Amulek escaped unharmed. 
At this time there were many la'ivj^ers among the Nephites, 
who appear to have made it their business to stir up litigation 
to get gain. As the historian states that Jlosiah made laws 
regulating the pay of judges, and the mode of judicial pro- 
cedure, it is probable there had been an organized judiciary 
long before the supreme power was placed in the hands of 
the judges. Debtors were compelled to pay their debts, or 
"be cast out from among the ijeople as a thief and a robber." 
The Nephites had a well-regulated currency of gold and 
silver, a system of reckoning and a standard of measure. 
These things, and the evident jnirity of their laws and their 
strict aduiinistration, prove that they were in a high state of 
civilization. 

There had now been peace for several years; but on the fifth 
day of the .second month of the year 81, B. C, there was a 
cry of war throughout the land. An army of Lamanites 
had come in on the wilderness side, and attacked the city of 
Animonihah. Before the Nephites could raise a sufiicient 
fijrce to attack them they had destroyed the people of the 
city, and some on the borders of the land of Noah, and had 
takcji others captive into the wilderness. This was the fulHll- 
mcMl of the projiliecy of Alma, when jn'oaching in the city 
of .Vnimimihah. /.orani aTid his two sons, Lehi and Aha, 
were the leading genei'als of the Nci)hite army. They sent 
and irii|uiiii| i>\' Alma, as high priest, whether they should go 
til mcel the Lamanites. Alma told them that the enemy 
woidd cross the river Sidon, in the south wilderness, beyond 
the land of .'Manli, and directed them to meet the enemy on 
the east side of the river. The .Vi^pliite army followed the 
direclioris of Alma, attacked the Lamanites in the .south wil- 
derness, scattered them, released the captive Nephites and 
returned lliem to I heir own lands. Xiit diie (if these was lost. 





4=0 



CTTJ^IBn^ILE! ZlSrSTI^TJGTOT^. 




■while every inhabitant of Ammouihali, together with the city, 
was destroyed. 

{To he Continued. ) 



iogr a^hy» 



JOSSFS: SIMIITH 



THIIl] 




[Continued.) 

MENTION was made, in the last number, of letters which 
passed between Joseph and Governor Ford. A few 
days before they were written Joseph addressed the Nauvoo 
Legion, which was drawn up in the street close to his house. 
He stood, dressed in his full uniform as Lieutenant (reneral, 
on the top of the frame of a building, so that his voice misht 
be beard by the thousands present. 

Joseph was a most noble-looking, angelic man at ordinaiy 
times; but on that occasion there was a grand dignity iu liis 
appearance that was very impressive. He spoke with remark- 
able power, even for him, whose discouri-es were always 
powerful and heart-piercing. The vast assemblage listened 
to his words with breathless attention. He had them under 
his control, and they were imbued with the same sjiiril tiiat 
filled him. Had he expressed a wish to meet the mob and 
fight it, they would have gone with joy. It is no wonder the 
prophet's words sank deep into their hearts; it is no wonder 
that to their sight he appeared exceedingly grand, or thai his 
words impressed them so deeply. It was the last lime, in the 
flesh, that they were to listen to the umsie of his voice, or to 
feel the spell of his inspiration and genius. It was his last 
public discourse! Little did his hearers think that in a lew 
short days that godlike form, so perfect in its manly beauty, 
could be locked in the arms of death, and that that voice, 
whose eloquence entranced them, would never more be 
heard from mortal lips. The great love which they bore him 
would have prompted hundreds, and perhaps thousands, of 
those then present, to gladly die for him. But though he 
had spoken for some time past in a manner to convey the idea 
that he was not to remain long in their midst, and had often 
remarked in public and in private that the authority and the 
burden and responsibility which rested upon him he had 
transferred to the Twelve Apostles, yet none seemed to realize 
that the time for his departure from this life was drawing 
near. For some reason it seemed as though the minds of the 
people were incapable of comprehending such an event. 
Joseph, and the work of God which he had established, 
appeared so iu.separably connected in their minds that they 
had not conceived it pos.-ible for that work to progress withciut 
him. Hence, his word", in reference to his leaving theui, 
were not understood, and were a'njcst j^as-i-td t;LJc(dtd; and 
another consequence was, he was not watched over with that 
vigilance and shielded with that care that he should have 
been. His friends did not perceive this then; but afterwards 
they did, and sorrowed over it. Even in this discourse he 
had talked about his death as a possible, not to say a probable, 
event. 

An idea had prevailed in some people's minds that if the 
wicked could only gratify their thirst for blood by killing 
Joseph, they would be satisfied, and draw off. But he assured 
his audience that as soon as they had shed his blood, they 
would thirst for the blood of every man in whose heart dwelt 



a single spark of the spirit of the fallness of the gospel. It 
was not his destruction alone they fought, but that of every 
man and woman who dared to believe the doctrines that God 
had inspired him to teach. The subsequent history of this 
Church shows how truly his words on this subject have been 
fulfilled. 

He alluded to the labor of the Saints in turning the bleak 
and barren prairies and swamps into beautiful farms, towns 
and cities; yet the men who sought the Saints' destruction 
cried "thief," "treason," etc., while at the same time they 
themselves violated the laws, stole and plundered from their 
neiahbors, and sought to destroy the innocent, doing these 
things to screen themselves from the just punishment of their 
crimes. He called God and angels and all men to witness 
that he and the Saints were innocent of the charges which 
were brought against them by their enemies, through the 
public prints. He gave a recital of all that had happened, 
and the cause which had led to the excitement that then 
prevailed. He asked the Legion if they would stand by him 
and sustain, at the peril of their lives, the laws of the country 
and the liberties and privileges which his fathers and theirs 
had transmitted unto them, and sealed with their blood. 
One universal response went up from the multitude assembled, 
that they would. He then called all men, from Maine to the 
Bocky Mountains, and from Mexico to British America, whose 
hearts thrilled with horror to behold the rights of freemen 
trampled under foot, to deliver the Latter-day Saints from 
the eiuel hand of oppression and misrule to which they had 
long been subjected. He drew his sword and presented it to 
heaven, raying, "I have unsheathed my .sword with a firm and 
unalterable determination that this people shall have their 
k'gal rights and be protected from mob violence, or my blood 
shall be spilt upon the ground like water, and my body sent 
to the silent tomb." He said while he lived he never would 
tamely submit to the dominion of cursed mobocraey; he 
would welcome death rather than endure such oppression. 

Though we do not see it stated in the written report of his 
sermon, which was compiled from memory after his death, we 
recollect that he declared that peace should be taken from the 
land, to all of which the people said "Amen." 

Two days after making this address, he wrote to John 
Tyler, who was then President of the United States, enclosing 
copies of affidavits respecting the troubles, and asking him 
whether he, as president of the United States, would render 
that protection which the Constitution provided, and save the 
innf cent and oppressed from horrid per.-eeution. 

While Joseph lived he spared no jiains to bring the real 
situation of the Saints and the persecutions they had endured, 
to the knowledge of the authorities of the land. The Lord 
had commanded His Saints to sue for peace, not only to the 
people who had smitten them, but also to all people, and to 
lift up the ensign of pe^ce and make a proclamation for peace 
to the ends of the earth. Thi.s, Joseph and the Saints did. 
The Lord also commanded them to "importune at the feet 
of the judge, and if he heed them not, let them importune 
at the feet of the governor, and if the governor heed them 
not, let them importune at the feet of the president." This 
revelation they fulfilled, and the Lord promised that, "Jf the 
president heed them not, then will the Lord arise and go 
forth out of His hiding place, and in Hisfury vex the nation." 
He and the Saints having done all that they could in appeal- 
ing to judges, governors, and to presidents, had of necessity 
to leave their cau.'e with the Lord. 

[To he Continued.) 





vJTJ^EnsriLIH] i:tTSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



4:1 




THE THREE ERAS, 



BT HANNAH T. KtNG. 



( Continued. 




MY clear boys ! Boys, sliall I offend you by using the term? 
I hope not; I like it. It speaks to rae of other days, 
gone never io return ! I will, however, use it but this once. 
1 was going to say, to-day you complete your twenty-first year. 
What an event to you and to nie! Where are the babes I 
loved so fervently, and hugged and kissed so fondly, and 
talked innocent nonsense to? ^\'here are the riotous, restless 
boys, wild as hawks, and their spirits as untameable? Oh, 
where are the youths of whom I felt so proud, and loved so 
fondly, on whom so many anxious feelings have been spent, so 
many doubts, and fears, and hopes, and wishes, and so many 
prayers called forth? Do I find them in the full-grown men 
before me? Aye, verily; but it is with a sigh I do so. Why? 
Because they will be no longer all to me, or rather I shall not 
be all to them. They are no longer all mine; they must belong 
to others— to the world. Of course they must, for this end 
were they sent uiwn the earth; for this end have I reared them. 
Then hush, my fond heart, hush ! ^line they are, and mine 
they must ever be. If they do well I shall rejoice, and con- 
science will whisper, "I taught the boy," and there will be a 
satisfaction the world will neither give nor take away. But 
if they do ill— no, I will not look on that side of the pietuie. 
I could not bear it. They vRl do well. ]\Iy heart tells me 
they will. There is an arm that is not shortened, and there is 
an eye that never sleepeth, and on that eye and that arm has 
been and .shall be my confidence. • 

But where have I digressed from? Oh, I was saying you 
are twenty-one years old to-da.v. You have now attained the 
long-desired goal. You take upon you the name and charac- 
ter of man, a lord of creation, God's noblest work, even in 
"His own image." Consider the rock from whence you were 
hewn, and beware how you deface the beauteous work. Call 
home every wandering faculty, and prostrate all at the footstool 
of your 3[aker. Dedicate them this very day again to His 
service. Ask Him to be "about your path\and about your 
bod, and to spy out all your ways." It is not enough that 
you purpose to live the life of the righteous. Purposes, and 
intentions, and resoluti(jns are excellent things, but they must 
Ije upheld by something fir more jiowerful than an arm of 
flesh, or they will fall to the gi-ound. Action tells the tale. 
.Solomon was the wisest of men, because of his^ humility; yet 
he became the weakest. While he took God^for his strength, 
and referred all his actions to llini, lie was wi.sc; but weakest 
when he suffered liinisclf to be drawn aside by"the weak and 
wicked wlioiu it should have been his duty to reprove and 
reform by liolding clo.ser to tlieir mental vision llic lamp nl' 
sjiiritual light, which liad so bountifully illuniiriated his own 
jiatli. God had made him king and jiriest of His favcireil 
]ieoiile, and he ouglit ti> have lici-n a father in Israel, ^\'here 
much is given much is re(|iiircd; aricl he who bad been so 
highly favored and so singularly gifted, sliould have stoo 1 
Jjroof against every teniptalion, But he now stands to all 
jiosterity a iiiniiitnii'iil dl' siril'iil iridiceiiity. 

Oh, that man should so far (urgct "what a piece of wcirk 
lie is, how noble in reason, how inlinite in faculty! In form 
ami moving, how e.xiiress and admirable! In apiircheiision 
low like a (iod?" Alas! how rarely does lie carrv out this 



noble destiny! but amuses himself with the groveling cares 
of earth, and earth's false pleasures, and is content. 
[To he Continued.) 



MY FIRST SERMON'. 



BY H. G. B. 



NEYER shall I forget the first time I was called upon to 
make an effort to preach the gospel. It was in Pitt- 
sylvania County, Virginia, in the month of June, 1844. 

I had been ordained an Elder and set apart to take a mission 
to ^'irginia, in company with Elder Sebert C. Shelton. 

3Iy extreme youth prevented me from realizing the respon- 
sibilities of a mission. Being a beardless boy, it never occurred 
to me that I would be called upon to preach. For up to 
that time I never had been upon my feet to say a word in public. 

At a meeting that had been advertized for two weeks, at 
the Methodist camp meeting ground, in a grove, in the County 
before mentioned, were gathered an assembly of six or seven 
hundred men, women and children, priests, doctors and 
lawyers, the largest meeting I had ever witnessed up to that 
time. 

I came to this meeting from one part of the County, and 
Elder Shelton was expected to come from another quarter. 
But the time to commence mseting had arrived, and Elder 
Shelton had not. The audience was impatient. A party of 
three or four of the leadin; citizens waited upon me, to know 
if I would not address the mseting. Tirere never had been 
a "Mormon" meeting in that County before, and they could 
not afford to be disappointed. I was sitting near the center 
of the meeting (not realizing that the stand was my place) 
when these m»n made the inquiry. If a battery of artillery 
had been discharged in our midst, I do not think it would 
have so startled me, as did this reipiest. And for the first 
time I began to realize that it was my duty to try. Just 'as I 
was going to answer that I would make an effort. Elder Shelton 
walked up on the stand, and this seemed to life a mountain 
from my shoulders. Brother Shelton looked wearied and sick, 
but opened the meeting with singing and prayer, and sang 
again before he discovered me in the audience. Then he 
immediately called upon me to come to the stand and preach, 
as ho was too sick and feeble to attempt it. 

To say I was scared, would scarcely convey a proper idea of 
my condition. I was in a tremor from head to feet, and shook 
like a leaf in a storm, scarcely knowing what I did. 

I took up Elder Shelton's Bible which lay upon the front 
board, ami without any pt'eniolitatioii, I opened at the third 
chapter of John, and tcmA the fit'ih verso.. 

By the time I had finished reading, all my trembling had 
left me, and I felt as calm and collected as the quiet that 
succeeds the storm. The subjects of the first principles of 
the gospel were opened to me like iirint, only plainer and 
more powerful. Faith, repentance, baptism for the remis.sion 
of sins, an 1 the layiiig on of hands for the reception of the 
Holy (ihost, came to me in succession and in their order. 
And tho.'-e priests, doctors, lawyers and people did not appear 
to mo more formidable than so many butterflies. 

No miracle ever iierfonned by the jiowcr of God, could 
liavc had a more convincing effect upon me, than did the help 
that came to m ; throii.;h th ! piwjr of the Iloly C host on 
this occasion. ,\nd 1 am fully convinced in my own mind, 
that never sinne have I proadied a mure effective discourse 
nor one ac'!Oini)anied by more of the power of (!od. 





43 



J"TJ"V"EISri31jE in^STI^TJCTOI^. 




HEAPING COALS OF FIRE. 



Br KENNON. 



LIVE FOR SOMETHING. 



TAKING a noble revenge is frequently called heaping coals 
of fire on an offender's head; and no expression could be 
more appropriate. When we gain advantage over some person 
who has injured us, if we vent feelings of animosity in a 
spitefid way, we descend to the level of the person who has 
wronged us. But if, when the proper hour for triumph 
comes, instead of taking a paltry vengeance, we rise above all 
this and show our superiority, we are indeed heaping coals of 
fire. And though they may only be kind words and courteous 
acts, nothing could be more scorching. It is not advocated 
that we should calmly submit to any and all injuries, giving 
only humble kindness in return; because many people who 
maliciously and persistently do wi-ong to others are utterly 
insensible to a return of good for evil. To such we can very 
justifiably show a spirit of resentment and a dignified con- 
tempt. But there are many other persons who, through 
thoughtlessness, obstinacy or a mistaken idea of justice, 
infringe upon the rights of their fellow-men. These indi- 
viduals, if they have a spark of pride or honor, can frequently 
be recalled to the proper paths without a resort to harsh- 
nes.s. 

An instance, recently brought to the writer's knowledge, 
may not be uninteresting to the readers of the Juvenile 
Instructor: 

In the town of , not one hundred miles from Salt 

Lake City, lives an aged gentleman, ^^' , well known to 

his neighbors and all the old members of the Church as a 
staunch defender of the truth, and as a man of great gener- 
osity. On several occasions this winter, he detected signs of 
sun-eptitious visits to his stacks, and noticed that a slight 
trail of hay led from his premises to those of one George 

L . Finally, deeming that the time for interference had 

arrived, he determined to watch during a part of one night, 
and try to detect the thief His vigilance was rewarded at an 
early hour by the discovery of a person, who sneaked through 
the dividing fence and made his way to the largest and finest 

stack of ha\-. W looked carefully and waited patiently 

until the marauder had helped himself extensively, and had 
secured a very large ])ack, which was wrapped with a rope. 
Then the owner of the hay sallied forth to overtake the thief, 
who was just leaving. He reached him just as he was climb- 
ing the division fence. .AVithout a word, lie .seized the end of 
the bale and began gradually to assist the robber in uuiking 

off with hisboot.v. Soon the load became so light that L 's 

suspicions were aroused, and he turnol to make imiuiry. 
Instantly W spoke, "Don't stop, George; I'm only help- 
ing you ! " 
come to 

little feed; .so the next time you may just call on me and I'll 
help you bind the hay, and the boys will sec you safe home 
with it." 

During all this time poor L had not said a word; but, 

when the old man ceased, he poured forth a toirent of expres- 
sions of excuse. Still the old gentleman did not profess to 
understand that he had been wronged, but proceeded on, and 

did not withdraw his assistance until L 's premises were 

reached. 1'hcn he left, expressing a kindly wish that all 
might prosper with his neighbor. From that night until the 

present time, W has not suffered by the depredations of 

the man on whose head he heaped coals of fire. 



' I .saw that yon had too big a load, so I thought I'd 
your relief You've got lots of stock and mitihtv 




BY G. M. 



LIVE for something. Have an aim in life, and strive for 
the end. History is replete with examples of noble men 
and worthy women, whose manly conduct or womanly virtues 
will ever be admired and emulated by the good. These are 
the ones to pattern after. There are others who rarely say a 
loving word, or do a kindly deed; who are born, live and die, 
without conferring a benefit by thought, word or deed, upon 
those around them. Even ttiese examples may be turned to 
profitable account. They teach the observing mind how vain is 
human lifd without an aim or purpose, and a determination to 
stick to it. 
The poet, Longfellow, wrote: 

"All are architects of fate, 

"Working in these walls of time; 
"Some with massive deeds, and great, 
"Some with ornaments of rhj-me." 

What a beautiful sentiment from one whose ornaments of 
rhyme will be read for ages, and who has made for himself 
an enduring name on the page of history, as one of the 
world's great poets! 

All are architects of their own fate; some gain renown as 
statesmen, scholars, inventors, etc., while some, who do not 
attain to world-wide eminence, live good and honorable 
lives, day by day, doing good, making friends, and gaining the 
love of the little world around them. 

We can all do some good, and be useful in the world. We 
may help and advise a brother or sister. We may speak a 
kindly word to the afflicted and weary. We can be charitable 
where charity is needed; bear and forbear one with another; 
always doing unto others as we would have them do unto us. 
And in blessing we shall be blessed; in loving, be loved; "for 
whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." 



Joseph Clark, the Extraordinary Posture-Maker. 
—Joseph Clark, of Pall Mall, was undoubtedly the most extra- 
ordinary posture-maker that ever existed. Though a well- 
made man, andrather gross than thin, we learn from Caulfield's 
"^Memoirs" that he exhibited in a most natural manner almost 
every species of deformity and dislocation. He frequently made 
himself merry with the tailors, often sending for one of them 
to take his measure, but so contriving as tohave an immoderate 
rising on one of his shoulders. When his clothes were brought 
home and tried upon him, the deformity was removed to the 
other shoulder; uiion which the tailor begged pardon for the 
mistake, and mended it as fast as he could. But upon the third 
trial he was found with perfectly straight sholders and a hump 
on his back. He dislocated the vertebras of his back and 
other parts of his body in such a manner that Melius, the famous 
surgeon, before whom he appeared as a patient, was shocked 
at the sight, and would not attempt a cure. He often passed 
for a cripple with persons with whom he had been in company 
but a few minutes before. Upon these occasions he would not 
only change the position of his limbs, but entirely alter his 
countenance. His facial powers were more extraordinary 
than his flexible body. He would assume all the uncouth faces 
he saw at a meeting or place of amusement. 



i-»~-o- « » 



T.\KE heed of a speedy professing friend; love is never 
lasting which flames before it burns. 





CTTJ'V^ElNriLIE: ZHNTSTI^TJCTOI^. 



4.3 




SPONGE FISHING. 



^ 




MUCHT^lias already been said about sponge, in former 
numbers of the Juvenile Instructor. The aocom- 
panying plate shows the methods resorted to, in obtaining 
sponge from the sea bottom, where we see the divers at work, 
detaching pieces of sponge, which they attach to ropes that 
bring them to the surface, where they are loaded into the 
boat. We see there, Syrian sponge-fishers at work; and in 
the distance, quite a 
fleet of small vessels, 
engaged in the same 
perilous occupation. 
The boats used are 
called "caiques" by 
the natives; they are 
manned by crews and 
divers, who are occu- 
pied during the whole 
of the summer 
months, in collecting 
sponges. 

The Syrian diver 
goes down naked, 
with an open net 
round his waist, and 
carries a stone at- 
tached to a rope. 
Without instruments 
he tears the sponges 
from the rocks, throws 
them into tbe net, 
and giving a signal 
to the people above, 
the net is hauled up. 

The Greek divers, 
among their own 
islands, or on the 
African coast, use a 
diving dress, and 
knife, or spear, to 
cut away the sponges 
from their attach- 
ment; but as the air 
tube by which they 
breathe often fouls, 
they will throw this 
aside. 

The men remain 
down from 1 to 1} 
minutes; they des- 
cend to the depth of 
from S to ]- fathoms. 
But expert divers will 
go down even to 40 
fathoms. 

Usually, from a 
dozen to thirty .sponges arc obtained at a plunge. 'J'iie best 
kinds are .said to flourish in deep water, but this is more 
likely to be from being less dislurhid and picked off. Ctrtaiii 
London merchants now buy direct from the boats, iireparo 
the sponges by drying, etc., and simply pack them in cases 
for transmission to I'uiope and America. 'I'lie method of 
Iireparing the different vaiieties of sponge fur the inaikrt, 
has been already alluded to. A large trallij is done in 



inferior, or cheap sponges, by the merchants of the East- 
end of London. 



MY SPARE IMOINIENTS. 




SOME one has named our spare moments "the gold-dust 
of time." He appreciated their value. A boy's future 
may often be foretold by observing the way in which he uses 

his spare moments. 
The Children's Re- 
cord tells a story 
which illustates this: 
A poor country lad 
came one morning to 
the door of the head- 
master of a celebrated 
school, and asked to 
see him. 

The servant eyed 
his mean clothes, and 
thinking he looked 
more like a beggar 
than anything else, 
told him to go round 
to the kitchen. 

The boy did as he 
was desired, and soon 
appeared at the back 
door. 

"I should like to 

see Mr. , if he can 

.see me." 

"You want a break- 
fast, most likely," 
said the servant, ' 'and 
I can give you that 
without troubling 
him." 

"Thank you," said 
the boy; "I've no ob- 
jection to a bit of 
bread, but I would 

like to see Mr. , 

if he can be scon." 

"Some old clothes, 
u)aybc, you want," 
remarked the servant, 
iiiiain eying the boy's 
] latched clothes. "I 
think he has none to 
Sparc;" and without 
at all uiiuJiiig the 
boy's request, she 
wi'ut almut her work. 
■■('ail I .see Mr. 

'.'" again asked 

tlio buy, al'l<'r calini; his bread ami biiKcr. 

"Well, he's in llic libraiy; iriic must be iiitcrruptcil, ho 
must, liut be likes tu be abiiie somclimes," saitl the girl, in a 
peevii-li Icilie. 

Opening I be libiary door, she sa'd, "Here's somebody, sir, 
who is v('ry anxiuiis to see you, sol let him in." 

1 do not know how I be boy introduced himself, or liiiw ho 
oiicned his business, but 1 know after talking a while, the 




rP 




i2r*i 



S^ 44 



J-TJ^EISTZLEI IISrST^TJGTOIE^. 



^^ 



^ 



]mii?i]ial i>ut aside the paper be was studying and took up a 
Latin book and began to examine the new-comer. 

The examination lasted some time. 

Every question whicli tlie principal asked, the boy answered 
as readily as coidd be. "Well!" exclaimed the principal, 
"you certainly^do well!" looking at the boy from head to foot, 
over his spectactles. 

"Why, my boy, '.where J id yon pick up so much? 

"/(i mi/ spare moments," answered the boy. 



A LIFE IS K ETC PI 




COMTAINIXG A FEW MORAL LESSONS. 

TPIINKING some incidents from my experience might be 
of interest to the young readers of the Instructor, I 
submit them for their perusal. 

I was born in the year 1835, was raised in the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and shared in its persecu- 
tions. At the age of thirteen, in 1S4S, I drove a team from 
Winter Quarters to Salt Lake Valley without any accident 
worth mentioning. The team consisted of five cows and one 
OS, making three yoke of cattle. 

After we arrived and got fairly settled, my parents died, 
and left me without an education, as was the case with many 
more young folks who were driven with the Saints, and on 
this account deprived of schooling. 

In this condition I concluded to make a home for myself. 
Before I was seventeen, it being the counsel to marry young, 
I went to President Young, as I was well acquainted with him, 
and told him what I thought of doing. He advised me to 
get married. I took.his counsel, got married and lived with 
my wife's folks for a short time, as they requested. 

Now, my young readers, we had not the value of fifty dol- 
lars, all told. I imagine you think this was rather young for 
such an undertaking. 

It was then, and is now the ootinsel to marry young — of 
course, at a proper age — and I bear my testimony to the good 
effect of earlj' marriages. 

Jly vocation was that of a farmer. The drawbacks we had 
in consequence of crickets, grasshoppers, drouth, alkali, etc., 
can be better imagined than described. A few circumstances 
will .suffice to show how my wife and I were blessed by the 
Lord. 

In the spring of IS.'j.'), seed wheat and breadstuff were very 
scarce. I had none; but a neighbor of mine owed me a few 
bushels of wheat, and 1 went to collect it. He was absent 
from home, but his wife being acquainted with me, sent me 
to the granary alone to help myself. 

When I had put up all the wheat that was my due, excent 
the last half bushel, and while in the act of filling that, the 
temptation came to me to steal some of my neighbor's wheat. 
He had plenty and I had none, except th3 little I was then 
getting. I might take it without being detected, and he 
would never miss it. The thought had scarcely got through 
my mind when I knew it was from the evil one; and, as a 
puni.-hment to myself for entertaining the temptation, I 
emptied part of the half bu.shel that was then in my hand 
back into the neighbor's bin, and did not take all that was my 
just due. 

I took my wheat home. It was not as much as I wished 
to sow, but I was sati.sfied, and thankful for it. I placed it 
in a room adjoining the one I lived in, got my ground ready, 
and, as fast as I did so, I took wheat from my .small .store to 



sow it with. I sowed all the ground I wished to, and sowed it 
thickly, as I wanted a good crop at harvest time. I noticed 
I still had some sacks with wheat in left. I saw that they 
were my sacks, and it must be my wheat. I called my wife's 
attention to the matter, and then it was that the spirit of the 
Lord rested upon us and convinced us that it had been increased 
by Him for our good. I got the wheat ground, and we had 
flour to last us till harvest, for which we gave God the glory; 
and I bear testimony that my wheat at that time was increased 
by the power of the same God that increased the widow's oil 
in ancient times. 

In those days, most people that had teams had to depend 
upon the range for food for them. This was the case with 
me, and it often took me till ten or twelve o'clock in the day 
to find m3' team. When I found it I would return, tired out, 
and go to work. On one occasion I could not find my team. 
I knelt down and asked the Lord to direct me where to 
find it. After rising, contrary to my expectation, I went 
home. I found my horses there, tied up. They had come 
up themselves. 

These things taught me to rely upon the Lord, and to ask 
Him when I needed help. 

On one occasion I lost my team. I was satisfied it had 
been stolen. I was in Salt Lake City a short time after the 
occurrence, and was speaking to my uncle about my team 
being lost. He advised me to go to an old lady close by, and 
she would tell me where it was by means of cards. I told 
him I would do without the cards. When I returned home my 
wife and I knelt down and prayed that the person who took 
our team might be prevented from taking it out of the coun- 
try, and that we might get it again. The team was taken 
in the summer, and in the fall of the same year a man came 
to me, in my field, and asked me if I knew of any person that 
had lost such and such animals, describing my horses. I told 
him they belonged to me. He then directed me where I 
should go to find them. I thanked him for the information 
and asked him how he happened to come to me, as we were 
strangers to each other, and my horses were not branded. He 
said he did not know, only tliat he felt impressed to ask 
me. 

Early next morning I started after my horses. That night 
I found them in charge of a man who told me that a person 
came to him in the summer time and desired to stop with him 
over night. The fellow had a band of horses which his host 
believed he had stolen. In the morning, as they were both 
looking at the horses, he said to the man who brought them 
there, "Here is a couple of stray horses; I will take charge of 
the.se and get them to the owner." He accordingly left my 
two horses and took the rest of the band with him. 

You can see, my little readers, how literally our prayers 
were answered. We recovered our horses in a good condition, 
and thanked the Lord. 

These, with many other blessings, seryed to keep us humble 
and faithful to our covenants. 

Now, the result of our early marriage is this: my family 
numbers twenty-four. I am the father of nineteen children, 
four of whom are married, and I have seven grand-children, 
and my present age is forty-four. I have filled many positions 
of trust, and I think to the entire satisfaction of my superiors. 
I am now a Bishop in Zion, and I think I have the faith and 
jirayers and confidence of the Saints over whom I have the 
honor to preside. I mention this to show what can be done 
by being faithful, and observing the counsel of those whose 
right it is to guide and direct. B. 



-.i^!m 




CTTJ'^En^ILE in^STI?.TJGTOI^. 



45 




CASES OF MIRACULOUS 
HEALING. 



BY G. W. HILL. 




I NOTICED sometime since in the iNSTRiiOTOa, an account 
of the power of God being made manifest in the healing of 
a great number of the Lamanites, under the administration of 
a Brother Harris, in the southern countrj'. I thought prob- 
ably it might interest the j'oung if I were to relate some of 
my experience with that people. 

I have witnessed a great deal more of the power of God in 
my administration with them, than I ever experienced with 
any other people. There has been quite a number of cases 
where I have seen them healed instantly; I remember several 
cases of this kind that took place on August 1st, IST.j. A 
large party of Indians had come in from Wind lliver, to see 
what our Indians were doing, as they had heard that I was 
working with them, trying to teach them the principles of the 
gospel, and also trying to teach them how to live as the more 
civilized man does, by cultivating the earth. They were very 
anxious to find out whether an Indian would be allowed to 
.settle down and cultivate the earth as other people do. They 
also wished to ascertain what our religious views were that 
we were teaching to those Indians, as they were interested 
with them, because they not only belonged to the same nation, 
but were related to each other as well. On the date above 
mentioned I was holding a meeting with them; our bowery 
was filled to overflowing. There were from four to five hun- 
dred Sho-sho-nees from ^Vind Kiver, from one hundred and 
fifty to two hundred Bannocks from the far north, and our 
local Indians; in all, probably, about one thousand present. 
During onr services, Elder Lorenzo Snow, Sister Eliza R. 
Snow, and quite a number of the authorities from Brigham 
City came to pay us a visit, and were surprised to see us 
engaged preaching to so large an audience. They came into 
the bowery, and all took their seats as quietly as they could, 
except Sister E. E. Snow, who continued to stand up, that 
the might have a better opportunity of seeing the effect the 
preaching had on the congregation. Brother Lorenzo Snow 
spoke to us a short time, the rest preferring to look on. I expect 
they thought it was a queer spectacle to see a man trying to 
preach to a congregation such as I had. But a more attentive 
congregation I never saw, nor one that paid more respect to 
the speaker. 

After the meeting was dismissed, the scenes I was going to 
relate took place. They hurried me to the water, as there 
were so many that wanted to be baptized. I did not stop to 
visit with the brothers and sisters who came to see us, but 
went immediately to the river. I baptized over three hun- 
dred before I came out of the water. Amongst the number 
there were several that were sick. Some had been sick for a 
long time, and all, witliout an exception, on being baptized 
for their health, were healed. There was one man that had 
been sick for several months; he had been so bad that he was 
unable to walk a step for four or fi\ e months. It took three men 
to carry him into the water to be bajitized. I baptized him for 
his health and for the remission of his sin-*, when he walked out 
of the river with one man walking on each side of him to 
steady him, and he got well immediately. 'I'herc were'in this 
company of Indians, .some eight or nine persons that were 
possessed of the evil one, or something of that kind. The 
first of these was a large, strong woman. Now an Indian is 
no more afraid of water than a duck; but when 1 raised this 



woman out of the water, she wilted and dropped on my arm, 
as lifeless, to all appearance, as if she had been dead a week. 
The old chief was standing on the bank of the 'river, preach- 
ing to the Indians all the while I was baptizing. When he 
saw this, he shouted "one;" the second chief also shouted 
''one." I did not know what this meant, but the old chief, 
noticing my embarrassment, said, "Dj not be in a hurry, 
father, she will soon be all right." In about a minute her 
breath returned to her, and she walked out of the river all 
right. As I said before, I baptized eight or nine of such 
cases that day, the old chief keeping count all the time. He 
told me that they had been practicing their witchcraft and 
working with their black art so much, that he did not expect 
anythins else of them; but it caused me to reflect a great 
deal. Some of those that were operated upon in this way 
were men, and when I would raise them out of the water they 
would hang upon my arm breathless, and as limber as a half 
filled sack of wheat. This same chief took sick about a 
week after he was baptized, and called for baptism for his 
health. I baptized him, and he got well immediately. The 
power of God was made manifest in his case to such an extent, 
and made so much impression upon him, that, on being taken 
sick last summer, he started to come a distance of between 
two and three hundred miles on horseback, to be baptized for 
his health. Now, if he had never been healed himself, nor 
seen anybody else healed, he would never have started that 
distance on horseback to have that ordinance performed. 

The Lamanites are very much like other people; .some of 
them have great faith, and will be healed of any sickne.ss, no 
matter how severe the attack, while others will not seem to he 
benefited in the least. I have frequently administered to 
them when they wore burning up, as it were, with mountain 
fever, and before I would get my hands off their heals, their 
faces would be covered with large drops of sweat, and the 
fever would be entirely gone. I remember one ease of this 
kind among many others that took place on Salmon River, in 
the fall of IS.i.'). A band of Indians came in from their hunt, 
with a little girl, very sick of mountain fever. Their relatives 
told them that we practiced the ordinance of laying on hands 
for the healing of the sick. When the father came after me, t 
told him that we did not make a practice of administering to 
those that did not belong to the Church; and if we went and 
administered to the child, and it recovered, I should expect 
him to be baptized. lie said it was a bargain. Accordingly 
I took David Moore, of Ogden, and B. E, Cumming*, Sen., 
with me, and we anointed the child an 1 laid our hands upon 
her. When we took our hands off her head, her face was 
literally covered with large drops of sweat; the fever was 
gone, and the chill got well immediately. On the Sunday 
following I baptized fifty-six, her father being the first in the 
water. 

Lest I should weary your patience, I will relate but one 
more instance. On August 1 1, ISTu, the soldiers had, through 
the instigation of the people of Corinne, come up to 
Corinne, to drive the Indians from the farm where they made 
their first start, in the spring of that year, to cultivate the 
earth, and settle themselves. When the officers an<l I had 
got through with our talk, and were getting ready to return, 
an Indian by the name of Tat-toosh, camo for mo to go and 
ailniinister to his child, tolling me to hurry or it would be 
ileail. I took some Indians with me and wont. When I got 
to his place, I found the cliild's mother sitting out in the 
sun, trying to warm it in that way. 'i'he child seemed to be 
dying; its flesh was cold and clammy, and a death ^sweat was 





Cr TJA^EH^ I XjE IlsrSTI^TJGTOI?.. 




upon it. We anointed it, and while admiui^te^ing to it I 
seemed to see the child at different stages until it was grown. 
I blessed it accordingly to live, and told its mother it would 
get well. The child seemed to remain in the same condition 
until the next day about three o'clock. The major had come up 
and changed the orders of the previous evening, which were 
for me to tell the Indians to go on with their harvesting, as 
he would not disturb them; but now the orders were if the 
Indians had not broken camp by 12 o'clock the nest day, 
and started for some reservation, he should use force and 
drive them to one. Now, as I was going to the camp to get 
the Indians to leave, I met Tat-toosh,. who told me that the 
child was dead. I said, "No, I cannot believe that the child 
is dead." He said it was, and that its mother and friends 
were crying about it. I had no tioie to go and see it, as I had 
to hurry to the camp. They had no time to bury the child 
there, consequently, they wrapped it up in its blankets, and 
packed it on a horse until they would have time to bury it. 
It took some three hours to get the camp on the move, and 
after carrying the chdd in that way somi? ten miles, they dis- 
covered that it was alive. Tiiis wi^ on Thursday, and on the 
Sunday following I saw it^ father in Cache Valley. He said 
he never saw a child get wall so fast in his life; and it is now 
quite lat and hearty. 



THE I^A^VS OF THE NEPHITES. 



BY r,. B. 



[Continued.) 




LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE. 

THE statement i< frequently made, though in slightly iliffer- 
ent phtases, that the law had no power to punish a man for 
his belief (p. 2.3.5) "for it was strictly contrary to the commands 
of God that there should be a law which should bring men 
onto unequal grounds" (p. .321). If a man "bel'eved in G id 
it was his privilege to serve Ilim, if he did not believe in Him, 
there was no law to punish him. * * A man was punished 
only for the crimes he had done: therefore all men were on equal 
grounds" (p. 321). Unbelief was handled by the church, 
not by the civil law. The names of those whose hearts were 
hardened were "blotted out and they were remembered no 
more among the people of God." During the days of the 
judges there was no church by law established: when the 
people served God, they elected righteous men f )r their rulers, 
when the masses fell into unbelief and transgression they 
chose Gadianton robbers and such like to administer their 
laws. 

If the rights of women, under the law, were any different, 
more or less, than those of men. we have no informition; in fact, 
the inspired record is entirely silent on this subji^ct. 

The criminal law inflicted the death penalty for murder, 
rebellion and treason; for robbery, theft, adultery, sexual abomi- 
nations, fraud and lying, lesser punishments were inflicted 
(p 2.'54, 321, 3.58, etc.) 

The first recorded ease of execution for nmrder under the 
rule of the judges is that of Nehor, for killing the aged jiatriot, 
Gideon (p. 234). Another noteworthy case is that of Paanchi, 
the son of Pahoran, of whom it is written that he was "tried 
according to the voice of the people, and condemned unto 
death; for he had raised up in rebellion, and sought to destroy 
the liberty of the people" (p. 420). 



No high priest, judge nor lawyer had power to inflict capital 
punishment. When a man had been tried and condemned to 
death by the law, his condemnation had to be signed by the 
governor of the land, before the sentence could be carried out 
(p. 491). The mention of governor in this relation, with other 
passages in which the chief judge and governor are spoken of 
as different persons (see p. 482) suggests the idea that as the 
Nephites grew in numbers and spread over distant regions, the 
duties of the chief judge became excessive, and a separation 
was made between the executive and judicial responsibilities, 
and divided between two officers. 

The mode of inflicting the death penalty is not stated, but 
we incline to the idea that hanging was often resorted to. 
Blilitary offenders were, as a rule, put to death with the sword. 
Of Nehor it is said that he suffered an ignominious death, at 
the top of the hill Manti, and that, before his death, he 
acknowledged "between heaven and earth" that he had taught 
false doctrine (p. 234). Zemnarihah was hanged upon the 
top of a tree "until he was dead," and then the Nephites 
felled the tree to the earth (p. 4S6). Many of the martyrs 
were burned to death by unjust judges, or stoned, as was 
Timothy, one of the Twelve Disciples and the brother of 
Nephi; but we regard this last act as resulting from the vio- 
lence of a mob, rather than from any pretended execution of 
the law. 

The law with regard to debtors seems to have been some- 
what severe. On this point it is stated (p. 205), "Now if a 
man owed another, and he would not pay that which he did 
owe. he was complained of to the judge; and the judge exe- 
cuted authority, and sent forth officers that the man should 
be brought before him; and he judged the man according to 
the law and the evidences which were brought against him, 
and thus the man was compelled to pay that which he owed, 
• le stripped, or be cast out from among the people as a thief 
and a robber." If a man desired to pay, bat could not, from 
misfortune, we doubt not but that the law contained some 
m Tciful provision in his behalf. 

It is more than probable that the mode of procedure in all 
criminal case* very much resembled the one cited above, and 
from it we can gather a very clear idea of the practice of their 
courts, which differs but little from that of our own day. 
The complaint was first made, the proper officer was then 
authoriz 'd by the court to arrest the accused and bring him 
before the judge, the trial then took place, the witnesses 
gave their testimony, the law and the evidence were examined, 
the opposing lawyers were heard, the judgment was given, 
the sentence pronounced and lastly carried out. In times of 
war the military code seems to have varied according to the 
exigences of the situation. A^ a rule, the Nephite armies 
were composed of volunteers (p. 422). In times of great 
danger to the republic, enlarged powers were given to the 
commander-in-chief. In one place we find the statement (p. 372), 
that Moroni, having been appointed by the chief judge and the 
voice of the people, "had power according to his will with 
the armies of the Nephites, to establish and to exercise 
authority over them;" also, "he caused to be put to death" 
those of the Amalickiahites (rebels) who would not enter into 
a covenant to support the cau«e of freedom and the rights of 
their fellow-countryiuen. 

I'risoners of war were evidently treated much the .same as in 
modern civilized nations. Indeed, in one place, the fact that the 
neces-iities of his position compelled Moroni to set his Laman- 
ite prisoners to work, is referred to in somewhat of an ajiolo- 
getic tone (p. 30.5). When such iirisoners attempted to escape, 





J"TJ'V^EIsriLE IltTSTE.TJOTOI?.. 



47 



they were slain by their guards. We have numerous instances 
where prisoners were released on parole, or on their giving such 
promises as were thought necessary to the Nephite gen- 
eral. 

It frequently happened, during the days of the judges, that 
the Nephites, in some of their periodical spasms of apostasy 
and wickedness, would clamor for changes to be made in their 
just and wise laws, in a manner to better suit their degraded 
habits and course of life. When the majority of the people 
were on the side of righteousness, these attempts were in va;n. 
When wickedness abounded, the corrupt majority carried 
their points. The record of their history shows, that in the 
sixty-second year of the judges, (B. C. 30), they had altered 
and trampled under their feet the laws of Mosiah, or that 
which the Lord had cjmmanledhim to give unto the people" 
(p. 438); and that their laws had become corrupted, and they 
a wicked people like unto the Liuianites (p. 439). Seven 
years later the corruption of the people had become pitiable. 
The Gadianton robbers were "filling the judgment seats; 
having usurped the power and authority of the land; laying 
aside the commandments of Go 1, and not in the least aright 
before Him; doing no justice unto the children of men; condemn- 
ing the righteous because of their righteousness; letting the 
guilty and the wicked go unpunished, because of their money; 
and moreover to be held in oiEse at the head of government 
to rule and do according to their wills, that they might get 
gain and glory of the world; and moreover that they might 
the more easy commit adultery, and steal, and kill, and do 
according to their own wills" (p. 44S). Such a condition of 
aflFairs, in the course of time, wrought national disintegration, 
and would have brought about that result much sooner than 
it did, had it not been, that, influenced by the mighty preaching^ 
of the inspired servants of God, the Nephites (or portions o^ 
them) had now and again returned to the service of heaven. 
But such happy periods were short-lived, and matters went 
from bad to worse until thirty years after the birth of Christ, 
when the republican form of government was entirely broken 
up, and the people split up into numrfrous tribes, each tribe 
earing only for its own interests, and each giving obedience to 
its own particular chief. This state of things continued only 
for about four years, as during the terrible convulsions at the 
time of the cruciSicion of our Lird Jesus Christ, the more 
wicked portion of the people were destroyed. 
C To be Continued. ) 



INDIAN CUSTOMS AND 
TRADITIONS. 



1!V If. I'UAIT. 




'\"\ rnil.K traveling and preaeiiing anniMg tlie various tribes 

' ' of [nilians who iidiabit .Vri/.ona. New !Me\ieii and 

Cliiliuaiiiia anil S(jnora, of old .Mexico, I Icaiiied many tbiiii;s 

jicrtainirig to their traditions, niauneis, custoiiis, etc. 'flu; 

Apaches of Arizona are a very numerous natinn, i sisting 

of a nund)er of tribes, who have been, and sonje arc still, at 
war witii the wliites. Tlicy have no lioii-is nr lnwiis, bul 

dwell in t<;rits and rude wiekeups. which atloid iIhiii Iml | r 

shelter from tlie sun, wind or rain. 

'J'hey make their raids through sotilheni Arizona and .New 
Mexico, killing the raiiehmen ami running oft' ihoir stock, etc, 
When ]iursued by the troops, tiiey hasten to cross the line into 
ol<l ."Mexico. In coun-ii of time tliey repeat their depredations 



on the people of that country, and return again to United 
States soil. 

In talking with a Jlexican, who had been many years a 
captive among these Indians, I learned that they had a tradi- 
tion among them to the effect that their forefathers were once 
the sole proprietors of this American continent, and that no 
other people then dwelt upon this land. And they still believe 
they (the Apaches) will come in possession of it again. Now, 
this agrees with the Book of ]Mormon, so far as their once 
having posses,sed this land is concerned, and no doubt many 
of the descendants of father Lehi will yet have an inheritance 
on this continent. 

This people, although warlike, and very degraded in many 
respects, have a very great respect for virtue, and they have 
ver.v strict laws in this regard. If it is suspected that a per- 
son has been untrue to 'his marriage vow he is tried by a 
council of the tribe, and, if found guilty, the fleshy part of 
his nose is cut off from his face, thus leaving a mark that all 
can see, as a penalty for his crime. 

I will here say that the Apaches are polygamists, and that 
wherever we found Indian tribes practicing ))olygamy, accord- 
ing to all accounts, they were much moi-e virtuous than the 
monogamist tribes. 

At El Paso, there are some two hundred Pueblo Indians 
living, who have their organization as a tribe, and hold regular 
meetings, independent of the Catholic church, althotigh they 
are all Catholics. When we visited this place we foiind one 
young Indian who believed our testimony; but his father, a 
very old man, and a strong Catholic, could not at first see as 
his son did, and this caused considerable discussion between 
them at different times. At the close of one of these dis- 
cussions, the father said; "My son, I have something which 
I wish to tell you. It is a tradition which has been handed 
down in our tribe from father to son, for many generations. 
According to this tradition there were three great events to 
occur in the history of the Indians of Mexico. Two of these 
we claim have already taken place, but the other is still in the 
future. The first of these was that a while race should come 
among tis who would conquer us with the sword, take from us 
our rights, and bring us into servitude. We claim that this 
was fulfilled by Cortez and the Spaniards conquering Mexico. 
The second great event was that we slioukl rise up and free 
ourselves of the yoke of tyranny and oppression, and become 
a free people again. We claim that tliis has also taken place 
— that Juarez (who was a native Indian) and his followers did 
throw off this yoke, and establish a free government in 3Iexico. 
Now the third, which is not yet fulfilled, is that another white 
race is to come among us, and go through and eonr|uer the 
entire jieople; not with the sword, but with the words of truth. 
Now, my son, j'ou say these men have come, and that they 
talk good, and that they claim to have the history of (uir 
iorefatlRM-s. How do we know but they are llu' vimv men we 
have been looking fi)r so many years?" 

I 'orfirio I )iaz, who is now president of iMrxieo. .Uiimirano, 
the chief justice, and many of the oilier civil officers of that 
lie, as well as the ollieers of the army, are full-blooded 
>o ihal ilinay be said tliat the government of Mexico 
ill the hands of the In lians, and that much of the 
tradition, at lea-^l.ha-; been fiillilled. The time is |irobalily 
nut fill- dis;aiit when the fiillillment of the rcunaiuder of the 
tradition will beaeeoMipli>heil liy llioii,saiids<if the Indians in that 
r<'gion aeeepling the gospel as preaidu^d by our Kldi'is. 

Then' is a tra litlnn amongall tin' tribes we visited that their 
redi'iiiplloii !■< ill ihc IH' 11- future. 




rcpu 
liidi:ni-< 
i> realh' 







CTTJATEHSriLIE] IlNrSTI?.TJGTOK.. 




WELCOME TO OUR UNION INIEETINO. 



Words by G. M. 
Moderato. 



Mdsic by a. Parsons. 

crcs. 




==P 



Zi - oil's teachers — guides of youth; 
To di-reot the youthful ujind! 

I 



-at- ,j 



Kaise a - loud the 
In this great aud 



-t=.t 



.ioy - fill croetiric', 
]ii>;h am - bi - tiuii, 



Hail to all Tvho 
Sweetest blessinss 

r±=— I ^=:|g 






love the truth 
do we fiiid, 



Love and kindness all pos-sess-ing, This shall be an 
In this no - ble cause progressing, God will add to 







hour of bless - ing. 
us liis bless - iug. 



Love nnd kindness 
In this no - ble 






=^: 



=c— 1=|: 



-1 i" 

Parents, teachers, here we gather, 

Seeking wisdom from en high, 
Trusting in our Heavenly Fatlier 

Who will grant us rich supply. 
And His spirit all possessing, 
'Tis an liour of sweetest blessing. 



all pos-sess-ing, 
cause progress - ing, 

-^^-^, I--P"- 

— ia — ^ — a—\»- 



—\ 1- 



This shall be an 
God will add to 

-(ffl •- — o & lrz_ 






hour of bless - ing. 
us His bless - ing. 



-» i£»- 



rifei 



"Welcome then to join our Union, 
All who love to serve the Lord; 

Welcome to the sweet comnuinion, 
lliat our meolinfi doth atford. 

Love and kindness all possessing, 

AVe'll secure a Father's blessing. 




A Word to Mothers.— Each mother is a historian. She 
writes not the history of empires or of nations on paper, but 
she writes her own history on the imperii^hable mind of her 
child. That tablet and that history will remain indelible when 
time shall be no more. That history each mother shall meet 
again, and read with eternal joy or unutterable grief in the 
coming ages of eternity. The thought should weigh on the 
mind of ever>' mother, and render her deeply circumspect, 
prayerful, and faithful in her solemn work of training up her 
children for heaven and immortality. 

The minds of children are very susceptible, and easily im- 
pressed. A word, a look, a frown, ma}- engrave an impression 
on the mind of a child which no lapje of time can efface or 
wash out. You walk along the seashore when the tide is out, 
and you form characters, or write words or names in the smooth 
white sand which is spread out .so clear and beautiful at your 
feet, according as your fancy may dictate; but the returning 
tide shall, in a few hours, wash out and efface all that you 
have written, Not so the lines and characters of truth and 
error which your conduct imprints on the mind of your child. 
There you write impressions for the everlasting good or ill of 
your child which neither the floods nor the storms of earth can 
wash out, nor death's cold fingers erase, nor the slow-moving 
ages of eternity obliterate. 

How careful, then, should each mother be in her treatment 
of her child! How prayerful, how serious and how earnest 
to write the eternal truths which shall be his guide and teacher 



when her voice shall be silent in death, and her lips no longer 
move in prayer in his behalf, in commending her dear child to 
her covenant God! 



The answer to the Puz/.le published in No. 2 is the letter T. 
We have received correct solutions from John Walton and 
Isabella Walton, :Mill Creek. 



Erratum. — A typographical error occurred in No. .3, in 
the article on "The Laws of the Nephites. " The last. line 
of page 27 reads, "a senine of gold, or its equivalent, a seiiine 
of silver." It should be ''a seaum of silver." 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
on the fir.st and fifteenth of every month. 



GBORGK Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Sinc/le Copy, per Annum, - - - .'?2.00. 
On Copies Sont bv Slail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^ff-Offiee, South Temple Street, O.ie-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




