
^, 



?a 



VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, DtCEMBEli J 5. 18UB. 



1\U. 24. 



ooE.A.3sr s T E j^ im: E E. s 



THE history of the rise and progress of ocean steam naviga- 
tion, like that of nearlj' every great achievement that has 
tended to the advance of civilization and the progress of man- 
kind, is a record of slow but continued development, through 
the persistent efforts of a few earnest men who, in the midst of 



voyages, it was not until 1838 that a line of steara vessels (vas 
established to run with regularity between the British Isles 
and the United States. On the 4th of April of that year the 
St'mts, of TOO tons and 320 horse power, sailed from Cork, in 
Ireland, for the far west. Four days after the Great ][cslcr>i 



disheartening failures and continued ridicule, pursued their 1 followed in her wake from Bristol. 



"one idea" until the great object was accomplished which formed 
the toil and triumph of their lives. Like infants they had to 
"creep before they could walk," and the first steamboats had 



Speaking of this event, a recent author saj's: 
"Great was the excitement in New York as the time drew nigh 
when the Sinit-s was considered due. For days together the 



to creep around the coasts, into the bays and up and down the , Battery was crowded with anxious watchers, from the first 
rivers of the countries in which they were built for many j'cars, | breaking of the cold, gray dawn till night dropped its dark 



before the most adventurous of their captains dared to trust 
their vessels on the open sea and out of sight of land; and even 
when that much was safe'y accomplished croakers and c 'user- 
vatives said "that as 
one swallow did not 
make the summer, nei- 
ther did one lucky voy- 
age make ocean naviga 
tion by steam a positive '= 
success," and a number ^^^^^ 
of years rolled by befoie ^^^B«- -=gCl 

the power of steam to J 
propel ships, in sjiite of 

wind and tide, with .safe - rr a / 

ty and dispatch from 
land to land and fioni 
continent to continent 
was fully acknriwledgcd. 
and its vast benefits ap- 
preciated. 

In 1807, Kol'ert Ful 
ton complete'l ihu first 
successful steamboat. 



curtain on the scone. At that time a telescope was a thing to 
be beggid, borrowed, or stolen— to be got, somehow or other, 
if only for a minute— and a man who possessed one was to be 

looked up to, made much 
of, and if po.ssible, coax- 
ed out of the loan of it. 
All day long a hundred 
telescopes swept the sea. 
On Sc. George's day, 
the 23rd of April, a 
dim, du.-ky speck on the 
ar horizon grew under 
the eye of the thousands 
of breathless watchers 
into a long train of 
suioke, beneath which 
as the hours wore on, 
appean d the black jirow 
of a huge steamboat. 
There she was, "long 
looked fur come at last;" 
and with the American 
colors at the fore, and 
the flag of old England 




He called it the Cirar- 

riwnt. Until its value was denionsuated il was mom generally I rustling at the stern, the tsirius swept into the harbor amidst 
labeled "Fulton's Folly." But in that year he made a voyage the cheers of the multitude, the ringing of the city bells, and 
in it up the River Hudson from New York, where it was built, ' the firing of salutes. The excitement reached its climax, and 



to Albany. The dangers, the troubles ami pcrjilexitics of the 
first voyage having been overcome, succeeding trips became of 
easy acconiplishnu'Mt. I'd ween four and five years alter — in 
1812, Henry Hell launched a liltle vessel driven by steam on 
the river Clyde in Sculland. Jt was of fuur hoisc pow(;r, and years a 
twenty-five tons burd(Mi. Its name was the Comet. Tiiis was 
the first practi-al steamboat built in Biitish waters. In ISl'.i 
the ISiiediiuah, a st'-'anier of three hundred tons, crossed the 
Atlantic Ocean, from New York to Liverpool, yet notwithstand- 
ing iu* HUCCC8, and that of a few other 8tcamshii)s, on ocean 



the shouting and the firing grew deafening, when some few 
huurs later, on the same auspicious day, the Great \Scstcrn 
came to anchor alongside of her rival." 
That which was the caune of such great excitement thirty 
is now a thing of every day occurrence. The one or 
two tiny barks of 1SI2 have nuilli|ilied to thousands, and their 
huge hulls cross every ocean, traverse every sea, and find a 
resting place in every port, conveying the products and manu- 
factures of the nations from pole to jiole, and giving an 
impetus to the commerce of the world that the most sanguine 



1(?3^-- 



^^ 




6Qr 



186 



cnj-vEisriLE iiNrsTie.TJCTOj?u 



^ 



scarcely dreamed of sixty years ago. By this mighty agent 
a great rerolution has been effected in the world, and in a very 
short space of time. 

The following table may show our little readers the difference 
between th,' size of the monstrous steamers tliRt now traverse 
the mighty deep and the first steam vessel that churned the 
waters of the Clyde: 

1812, Comet, Length 40 feet, Breadth lOJ feet 

1S25, Knterprise, " 122 " " 27 " 

IS.'BS, Great Western, " 236 " " 35i " 

1844, Great Britain, " 322 " " 51 " 

1856, I'ersia, " 390 " " 45 " 

1850, Great Eastern, " 680 " " 83 " 

We have now come to the giant of the waters that forms the 

subject of our engraving — the Gieut Ijuslcni. That vast 

moving city, the eighth of a mile in length — as long as a city 

block in Salt Lake City — is propelled by both paddle wheels 

and screws, each worked by four immense engines. So vast is 

her size that she can carry 10,000 troops at a voyage at the 

same time as 18,000 tons of coal and a cargo. Yet a mere 

description can never convey to a jierson who has not seen her, 

her vast dimensions. Our engraving will give our little friends 

a better idea of what she looks like, but we will tell them that 

her vast hull is composed of 30,000 iron plates, bouud together 

by 3,000,000 rivet*; and from that they can judge how grat 

must have been the cost of building her, launching her and 

fitting her up. 

The Great E<i.''tfrn has been rather an unlucky vessel. Many 
accidents and delays attended her construction and launching; 
and since she has been afioat, the enorm'^us expense of keeping 
up her establishment, of working her machinery, etc., has 
exceeded the amount her owners have been paid for freight 
and pa.«sengers. But her name will ever be recollected with 
pleasure when we consider that without her aid, it is probable 
that the eastern and western continents would not to-day be 
united by the electric cable. 

Before closing this sul ject we must not forget how much the 
introduction o' steam ships lias done, in the providence of 
God, to help in spreading the Everlasting Gospel. Our mis.-ion- 
aries, by their aid, carry tlie glad tidings of salvation to many 
nations, and the Saints by thousands are gathered home to 
Zion with greater safety and dispatch than by any other means 
with which men have yet become acquainted. And next year 
the miglity ] ower of steam will cany the gathering people 
of God from their homes in the townsand villages in the nations 
of the old world, o'er ocean, river, plain, jiiairie, mountain 
and kanyon until it safely lauds them iu the peaceful vales of 
Descret. G. B. 



O'Tp. 



J'''or the Juvenile Jiia'rnelor. 






L E j^^T k: E i^ 



N 



i 



OT only is the fat of animals u.seful in the arts 



but the 
tiny 



kin al.*o. Leather is made from it. Even the 
pieces, "clipjiings," arc boiled down to make glue and size. 
Skins will not di.v^olvc in cold water, but they will in hot. 1'hc 
part which boils into a jelly is "gelatine," a substance formed 
from albumen and fibrine, irlu:n t/in/ ore dime icU/i, for, when 
the muscles and nerve.- are worn out by labor, either in wurking 
or thinking, instead of being absorbed into the circulation and 



removed it is used up to make the skin md other celldike 
structures. It is the gelatine that makes lenher, for, when it 
is acted on by tannin, it becomes tough and iti>oluble in water. 
The tanner uses oak or pine bark; iu the Statts they use the 
hemlock. Any bark or substance which contains tannic acid 
will tan. Tea contains one quarter by weight of timnin; this is 
why it is astringent. When milk is (lOured into tea the gela- 
tinous part of the milk curdles by the action ot the tannic 
acid and forms an insoluble substance called tanno gelatine, 
(the chemical name for leather.) But tea is too dear to tan 
hides with, and there is no fear of its tanning the coat of the 
stomach, for, while the stomach has life, it resists the action of 
tannic acid; still, it is injurious to use it continually. There 
are nuny substances used by the tanner, nearly all of which 
are expensive; almost every kind of skin is used by him except 
human skin, which, it is said, resists tanning the longest. 
Horse hides, ox hides, sheep skins, calf skins, etc, are used 
for sole or upper leather; lamb, doe, rabbit, hare, dog, rat, and 
moujc skins are all used iu large cities for gloves, gaiters, etc., 
according to i-ize and qualiiy; nothing comes amiss where men 
are crowdi d togv-'therin the old countries. Sometimes skins are 
not tanned with bark or tannic acid; if we should wish to pre- 
serve skins, we may do so by steeping them in strong salt and 
water for a few hours, then put ihem into a strong solution of 
alum water, this will fill the j ores of the leather with an insol- 
uble salt (chloride of alumina;) then let them dry and rub them 
with a smooth iron scraper; this will sollen them for use. The 
Indians use the brains of animals to soften skins. Skins are 
also prepared in oil Such skins are white. Skins tanned 
with bark may be dyed by a solution of green vitriol, or, sul- 
phate of iron, and softened with oil and groa.se. Sometimes 
skins are enamelled, that is, a varnish is put on them. Some- 
times they are dyed in beautiful colors, to be used by the 
book-binder and in other trades, for ornamentation as well as 
use. Saddles are made of hog .skins; picture frames are some- 
limes made of sheep skins, which are moulded in such a 
maniitr as to resemble carved work. It is used for chairs, 
sofas, cushions, trunks, whips; in fact, it would be difficult to 
tell all the ujcs to which leather is applied; and it is all made 
from skin. There is one use very important; lathe bands; 
gutta percha and indla rubber are very inferior to leather for 
that purpose. 

Skin is very highly organized, although it is made, somewhat 
on the principle of rag carpets, of used up luaterid. We have 
two skins: the over-skin, or scarf-skin, called "epidermis," and 
the "dermis," or true skin. The skin has been spoken of 
b-'fore; it is filled with minute tubes, some to carry off perspira- 
tion and some to supply oily matter to soften the skin; then 
there are arteries to bring the blood from the heart, and veins 
to carry it back again; bcbides this, it is full of nerves, which 
end in little iiaji-likc points, which enable us to feel. If you 
trar a bit of sole leather asunder you can see how librous it is; 
this is in conscciuence of the various parts crossing and inter- 
lacing each other. Altogether the skin gives evidence of the 
skill of the great Designer to make one thing answer many 
purposes; and then, when it is cast aside, the skill of man is 
seen in making so many bcauliful and useful things from such 
a simple thing as .--kin! Betu. 



S^LVLL TEIINGS. — When the farmer casts the little seed 
into the ground, it is a small affair. Considerable time passes, 
and yet the earth looks the same as when the first teed was 
cast into it. But the farmer did not despise this small begin- 
ninsr. By and by the seed .--liocits u)i above the ground, and it 
.■-till continues to increase day after day and week after week, 
until a glorious harvest repays the laborei's toil. 







tv* 



Cr TJ "V E ISr I L E! IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?. 



187 " 



giopaj^li^ 






THE 




YRUM called a company to go up to 
Joseph's assistance and see that he had 
his rights. Upward of three hundred men 
volunteered, from whom such as were 
wanted were selected. Generals Wilson 
Law and Charles C. Rich started the same 
evening with a company of about one hun- 
dred and seventy-five men on horseback. 
William Law, one of Joseph's counselors, 
went with the corap.any. Wilson Law 
declared that he would not stir a step unless he 
could have money to bear his expenses. Presi- 
dent Brigham Young said the money should be 
forthcoming, although he did not know at the 
time where he could raise a dollar. In about two 
hours he had borrowed seven hundred dollars, and 
put the money in the hands of Elyrum Smith and 
Wilson Law. Besides this company which went by 
land, about seventy-five, with Elder John Taylor, 
sailed on the Maid of Iowa — a little steamboat of which 
Joseph was part owner and Brother Dan Jones was the captain. 
They went down the Mississippi to the mouth of the Illinois 
river, and then sailed up that river. This was for the purpose 
of examining the steamboats, thinking that Joseph might he 
a prisoner on one of them. We will leave these companies to 
pursue their journey while we return to Joseph. 

You will recolk'Ct that when it was found that Judge Caton 
had gone to New York the company returned to Dixon. The 
writ of habeas corpus was then returned, endorsed thereon, 
"Judge absent," and another writ of habeas coipns was issued 
by the Master in Chancery, and was worded, at Colonel Mark- 
ham's request, "lleturnable be'ore the nearest tribunal in the 
Fifth Judicial district authorized to hear and determine writs 
of habeas corpus;'" and the Sheriff of Lee county served it 
upon Reynolds and Wilson immediately. Joseph and his 
friends and lawyers held a council and arranged to go before 
Ju 'ge Stephen A. Douglas at Quincy, a distance of about two 
hundred and sixty miles. Joseph emjiloyed a person to convey 
them in a stage coach on their journey towards Quincy. 

They started from Dixon on the 20th of June and traveled 
about forty miles. The next day Joseph requested the privi- 
lege of riding on horseback; but Reynolds refused him. The 
sheriff and one of the lawyers pursuaded him to let Joseph 
exchange seats with Mr. Cyrus H. Walker, and ride with the 
latter s son-in-law, Mr. Montgomery, in the buggy. Shortly 
afterwards they met two of the brethren from Nauvoo — Peter 
W. Conover and William S. Cutler. Joseph could not refrain 
from shedding tears at seeing these friends who had come to 
meet him. He said to Mr. Montgomery: "I am not going to 
Missouri this time. These are my boys." 

While they were talking several other brethren rode up, 
being in the advance of the main body, and at the same time, 
the company who started with Joseph from Dixon joined them. 
Joseph said to Reynolds. "Now, Reynolds, I can have the 
privilege of riding old Joe Duncan." 'J'his was one of 
Joseph's favorite horses; Brother William Clayton had rode 
him from Nauvoo. At the appearance of these brethren Rey- 
nolds and Wilson were seized with trembling. Brother 



\ 



Conover was acquainted with Wilson, and he asked him what 
the matter was, and whether he had the ague. Reynolds wanted 
to know whether Jem Flack was in the crowd. He was told 
t'lat he was not then, but that he would see him to-morrow 
about this time. "Then," said Reynolds, "I am a dead man; 
for I know him of old." Conover told him not to be fright- 
ened, for he would not be hurt. But he still stood trembling 
like an aspen leaf. Brother Markham walked up to him and 
shook hands with him. Reynolds wanted to know, if he met 
him as a friend. Brother RIarkham replied that they were 
friends except in law; that must have its course. 

They stopped at Andover for the night. In the evening 
Reynolds, Wilson and the landlord were overheard by Brother 
Markham consulting together about sending out to raise a com- 
pany to take him by force, and run with him to the mouth of 
Rock River on the Mississippi, as there, teas a company of men 
readfi to kidnap him over the river. Brother Markham told the 
Sheriff of Lee county what he had heard, and he immediately 
placed a guard, so that no one might pass in or out of the 
house during the night. After leaving Andover they went to 
the head of Elle-ton Creek. Reynolds wanted to go from 
there to the mouth of Rock River and take steamboat to 
Quincy. But Brother Markham said, no; for they were pre- 
pared to travel and would go on land. Wilson and Reynolds 
swore by the Lord that they would never go to Nauvoo alive, 
and drew their pistols on Brother Blarkham. He turned to 
Sheriff Campbell, and said, "when these men took Joseph a 
prisoner, they took his arms from him, even to his pocket 
knife. They are now prisoners of yours, and I demand of you 
to take their arms from them, for that is according to law," 

They refused to give them up. The Sherifi' was then told 
that if he could not take the arms from them, that there were 
men enough there, and he could summon a posse to do it; for 
it was plain to be seen that they were dangerous men. They 
then reluctantly gave up their arms to the Sheriff. That night 
the company stopped at a f .rm house. While Brother P. W. 
Conover was outside of the house Reynolds and Wilson came out 
with the son of the landlord. They talked for some time, and 
came to the conclusion to take the carriage horses, go to Mon- 
mouth, raise a mob, and come to the farm house in the night, 
seize Joseph, and carry him to the Mississippi river. They 
had a steamboat in readiness at the mouth of Rock River on 
which they could carry him to Missouri. After they had com- 
pleted their plan they went towards the stable. Brother Con- 
over had heard all they said without being seen by them. He 
went into the house and told Jo.seph what had passed. Joseph 
consulted with Mr. Walker Sheriff Campbell and the landlord, 
and the sheriff took Reynolds and Wilson into custody, and 
put them in the upper room under guard. When the landlord 
was told of the attempt to get his son into dLBiculty, he put a 
stop to his proceedings at once. 

■The next day, the 29th, the company of brethren, with Wil- 
son and William Law, met Joseph, and they were all delighted 
to see him. They had rode very hard, and scoured the country 
in the direction where they expected to meet him. Those on 
the best horses had pushed a-.ead and they met him first. 




THE ADVANTAGES OF SINGING.— Singing is a great 
institution. It oils the wheels of care — supplies the plac5 of 
sunsh ne. A man who sings has a good heart under his shirt 
front. Such a man not only works more willingly, but he 
works more constantly. A singing cobbler will earn as much 
more money as a cobbler who gives way to low spirits and 
indigestion. Avaricious men never .sing. The man who 
attacks singing throws a stone at the head of hilarity, and 
W"uld, if he could, rob June of its roses, or August of it 
meadow larks. — Htkcted. 






J- TJ "v E nsr I n. E insrsTi^TJOTOiR 



®It$ Sn^tnlU in$ituUt. 






w 

^ 



GEOKGE Q. OA.A^IVOIV, : EXHTOK. 

DP]CEMBER 15, 186S. 



EI3ITO 1^1.^1-. THIOTJCa-HITS. 




ITH this number the Third "i'olume of 
the Juvenile Insthuctcir closes. Three 
3-ears of delightful intercourse wiih our 
subscribers — delightful to us, and we feel 
assured equally so to many, if not all, of 
them — have ended. The In.'Structor has 
won its way quietly and without any flour- 
sh of trumpets into general favor. We 
might have praised it, proclaimed its worth, 
and the many pleasant compliments there 
been paid to it; but we preferred to let it 
speak for itself If it should prove worthy of 
nfidence, we were sure it would receive patron- 
The result has proved that we were 
rect. Those who have subscribed for it 
would not now do without it. It is said that the 
price of a subscription is nothing compared with the 
benefits which it brines to its readers. Of course 
such statements, whi.h we hear from all quarters, 
are very gratifying and encouraging to us. We know that we 
have spared no pains to make it all that it purports to be — 
namely, an Instkuctor of the Juvemles. We have desired 
to make its contents reliable. 

We have opportunities of seeing a great variety of children's 
papers; but though many of them contain as fine engravings, 
and are as beautifully printed as any papers in the world, theie 
is scarcely one that we would wish to see our children read regu- 
larly. They contain too many tales of fiction. A child who 
reads them constantly will gradua ly acquire a taste for works 
of fiction, and will have no relish for books of a more grave 
character. 

Tales, to read occasionally, are very good; but to have nothing 
else to read is very hurtful. No wise parent that wants a 
healthy child will feed it entirely upon pastry. A wise parent 
that wants his child to have a strong, vigorous mind will not 
permit him to make works of fiction his principal reading. 
The pastry would ruin the stomach, and the works of fiction 
would have equally as bad an effect upon the mind. 

Our attention has been culled to this by reading popular 
children's jjapcrsto obtain selections therefrom for the InstrI'C- 
TOR. It is surprising how very little there is to be found in 
them that i^ suitable. 

The JtvE.vii.E Instructor is not so pood, however, in every 
respect as we wi>h it to be. U c hope that we shall be able to 
make farther imi>rovement3 in its appearance and style. 
When we commenced its publication, it was an experiment. 
Nothing of the kind had ever been iiublished among us. Yet 
the want of such a periodical was very apparent. We have 
endeavored to satisfy that want, and our readers can judge 
whether we have been successful. 

IT is our intention to have two numbers more in Volume Four 
than we have publi.<;bed in previous volumes. Instead ot 
publishing on the first and fifteenth of each month, we shall 
i.?sue a number on each alternate Saturdaj'. This will give our 
subscribers two numbers more in the year than they have had 



under tlie old plan of publishing. There will be twenty-.six 
numbers in the volume instead of twenty four. In the East 
publishers are in the habit of giving premiun's as an iniluee- 
ment to secure subscribers. These premiums, as a rule, fall 
into the hands of a few individuals; the body of the subscri- 
bers do not get any benefit from them. We thought the best 
premium we could offer as an inducement to subscribers to take 
the JuvENiT.E Instructor would be to add two more numbers 
to the volume. This would not he a benefit to a few only; 
every subscriber wouli receive it, and the satisfaction would be 
more general. 

\i e shall endeavor to make the Fourth Volume as much 
better than previous volumes as we possibly can. Besides our 
own writings we have the promise of articles on various sub- 
jects from the pens of many of our best writers. We shall 
continue to exercise all possible care that no improper sentiment 
or untrue doctrine shall enter its coluuns. We wish it to be 
accepted as an authority on all the subjects of which it treats. 

Our friends and agents will oblige us by using their influence 
to extend our circulation in their neighborhoods, and by send- 
ing on the names of subscribers, with the price of subscription, 
as early as possible. 



C3-i?.^^TiTXJiDE o:f .a. ifish:. 



IF the following story, which it is said was read before the 
LiverpL ol Literary and Philosophical Society, be true, it is 
the most remarkable instance of inteUigence in a fish that we 
have ever heard: 

"While living at Durham," says Dr. Warwick, "1 took a 
walk in Lord Stamford's park. On reaching a pond in which 
fish were kept ready for use, I observed a fine pike of some six 
pounds weight. At my approach ho darted away like an arrow, 
lu his hurry he knocked his head against an iron hook fixed in 
a post in the water, Iraoturing his scull and injuring the optic 
nerve on one side of his head. He appeared to suffer terrible 
pain; he plunged into the mud, floundered hither and thither, 
and at last, leaping out of the water, fell on the bank. On ex- 
amination a portion of the brain was seen protruding through 
the fractured skull. 

"This I carefully restored to its place, making use of a small 
silver toothpick to raise the splinters of broken bone. The fish 
remained iiuiet during the operation; when it was over he 
plunged into the pond. At first his sufferings appeared to be 
releived; but in a few minutes he began rushing light and left 
until he again leaped out of the water. 

"I called the keeper, and with his assistance applied a ban- 
dage to the fracture. That done, we restored him to the pond 
and left him to his fate. Next morning, as soon as I reached 
the water's edge, the pike swam to meet me quite close to the 
bank, and laid his head upon my feet. I thought this extraor- 
dinary. Without further delay I examined the wound and 
found it was healing nicely. I then strolled for some time by 
the pond. The fiah swam after, following my steps and turn- 
ing as I turned. 

'The following day I brought a few young friends with me to 
see the fish. He swam towards me as before. Little by little 
he became so tame as to come to my whistle and eat out of my 
hand. With otiier jieisons, on the contrary, he continued as 
shy and wild as ever." 



It' you would crijiiy your meals, bo good-natured. An angry 
man can't tell whether he is eating boiled cabbage or stewed 
umbrellas. 



i2»^ 




J" Tj "v El 3sr I L E insrsTi?.TjaToi^ 




THE] 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



CnKTSTMAS is a compound word of Christ and mass — 
mass being a portion of the service of tlie Iloman Catholic 
church, which is performed on what is called Christmas daj', 
and this is done in commemoration of the birth of Jesus 
Christ. 

This is a day which has been for many j'ears, and is now al- 
most universally noticed throughout the christian world. It is 
celebrated 'iS the birthday of Christ, and what is now so univer- 
sally termed "Merry Christmas" was originally set apart as a 
day of worship — in partaking of the sacrament and in attending 
other religious services in the churches. 

At the present time, by thousands, it is only thouglit of as a 
day of recreation; and many who meet the annual return of the 
day with great delight, and regard it only as a season of joy and 
mirth, never so much as think of Jesus Christ, and are entirely 
ignorant of His birth and of the great work of redemption 
which He wrought out for the human family through His death 
and resurrection. 



MB 




If the tree is designed for the enjoyment of a school, the 
teacher is, of course, the master or mistress of ceremonies, and 
on Christmas eve, the evening preceding Christmas day, the 
tree is profusely, and many times magnificently decorated, and 
on its branches the various rewards of merit for the students, 
and whatever Christmas presents wore bestowed, each being so 
labelled or address .d that it can be readily identified by the 
happy recipients. 

In this picture we see a little family. The kind father and 
mother have got up a Christmas tree for the gratification of 
their children, and the children are studiously applying them- 
selves to their books so that they can merit the gifts to be 
bestowed. 

This is beautiful. What can be more lovely and interesting 
than to see parents encourage their children by consulting their 
innocent desires by furnishing suitable amusements; and then 
to see the children in return increasing their efforts and diu- 
gence in the path of improvement. 

Christmas is recognized both by habit and tradition, as a gift 
day, and the expectations of multitudes of little folks are cen- 
tered in this day, and as "Men are but children of a larger 
growth," the "big folks" think it no stoop of condescension to 
participate with the little folks in the merriment of the occa- 
sion. As very much depends on his care and liberality, we will 
make a few suggestions to 

SANTA GLAUS. 



We are not certain that the 25th of December was the day of 
the nativity of our Savior, but whether that or some other day, 
the circumstance of His birth gave rise to the peculiarities with 
which the day is distinguished. 

In this engraving is a representation of a Christmas tree. 
Perhaps some of our young friends never saw one, if so, this 
one which you see in the picture will give a tolerably correct 
idea of what it is. 

As Christmas comes .in a season o^ the year when the 
foliage of most of the trees is dead and fallen olF, in getting up 
a Christmas tree, some kind of an evergreen is obtained if pos- 
sible. Here, in our mountain home, it is not difficult to procure 
them from the kanyons,— such as Spruce and Cedar. As the 
weather is too cold in December for the children to enjoy it out 
of doors, the Ciiristmas tree must be produced for exhibition 
in the parlor or school room. 



Remember your time honor' d laws, 
Kind master of ttie merry gtee: 

Prepare your gifts, good Sauta Ciaus, 
And hang them on the Christmas tree. 

And whore no Christmas trees are found, 
Witli liberal hand your gifts distill; 

The bags and stockings hanging round, 
Great Santa Claus, be sure to fiU. 

Untieyour purse— enlarge your heart — 
O, do not pass one single door; 

nH in \7n11r o-An'vnim walk impart 



V, KX\J il\J U I'dOO »_ll«\j OlLlj^ 

And in your geu'rous waiii luii^ari, 
Vr.iiv ngiiifurts to the sick and poor. 



Your cor 



When eyes are watcliing for the morn, 
In humble hut and cottage too; 

How disappointed and forlorn, 
If missed, dear Santa Claus, byj'ou 

Go all the rounds o) baby-hood. 

And bless and cheer the hearts of all 
The "little folks," and please be good 

To those who're not so very small. 



E. E. S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE BTJTTOlSr T HI I E iF" . 



A TRITE STORY. 



GEORGE Tautz, the hero of our story, was a boy who 
wanted to be good. He tried to do right as well as he 
knew how; but, like other boys, he had his weak points,^ one 
of which was ho loved to be thought well by his companions. 
He wanted to look big and generous to his playmates, and this 
last feeling was the cause of the difficulty which forms tho 
subject of our little talc. 

At the time of which we write, George was about nine yojirs 
old. He lived in London. His father kept a large tailor's store 
in that city, and George was in tho habit of choosing for his 
companions such boys as lived ia the streets near his father's 



i^e?' 



IWW-WMJMW WIgiaM . 






\T^« 






190 



JU^El^ILIE] i:tTSTI?."CrCTOie; 




•^. 



house, close to which was a favorite play-ground for the boj's. 
It was a little, short street, blocked up at one end so that no 
carts or carriages could pass through it. For this reason the 
bo}"s loved to pla.y there, they were lo seldom disturbed. 

"Buttons" was a favorite game on the street at that time. 
This is played, in much the same manner as marbles, A num- 
ber of buttons — the big ones are called two-ors, the small ones 
one-ers — are placed in a lingon the ground, each boy at his turn 
throws at them. The best marksman wins the most. 

Oeorge did not care much about playing buttons himself; 
but he would pick up a few in his father's shop and give them 
to bis conjpanions. It made them think he was a fine generous 
fellow. To foster this feeling ho kept fetching them more and 
more, until, at last, he went so far, that he would creep slyly 
into his father's shop when no one was there, climb on the 
counter, stretch his hands up to a high shelf in one corner and 
slip two or three dozen of these bright, shining, silvery buttons 
into his pocket, and carry them awa.v. 

If George had only stopped to think for one single instant 
he would have decided at once he was doing wrong. "Tliou 
shalt not steal" would have rushed into his mind. But, the 
trouble was, he did not want to think anything about it. He 
was too fond of the praise of the boys. However, all such 
things have an end sometime. The boys wanted more buttons 
every time they saw liim; and, at last, he got vexed at their 
con?tant bogging. So he refused to give them any more. No 
sooner did he do this than they began to threaten liim. They 
said they would tell his father. But George was obstinate. 
What they could not persuade him to do by kind words they 
could not force him to do by threats. Still, this threat of tell- 
ing his father made him sorely afraid. He did not want bis 
father to know what be had been doing, and as soon as this 
dread of exposure had filled his mind, he felt he bad been 
doing wrong. Then he made up bis mind he would take no 
more buttons; he would rather his father should know all about 
his folly, though he might punish him severely, than keep on 
do:ng wrong to please these boys, who iniglit in the end do 
what they now threatened. 

So George told them "'he didn't care, tliey might tell his 
father; they would get no more buttons from liiui." This was 
not quite the truth; he did care a great deal; but he did not 
want to show it, so he put on a bold I'acc and tried to laugh 
it off. 

But one boy, meaner than the rest, who bad had by far the 
larg'.-st share of the stolen buttons, told bim. 'if you Wdu'tgive 
me any more, I'll get Bill Ballard to make you; and he can, 
for Bill ha-i fj-ight a man and wliipjiod him." 

Now, this Bill Ballard was a rough, low boy, about two years 
older than George, and the bully of the street in which they 
played. 

This threat rather alarmed George, for ho felt he was no 
match lor Bill. Still he felt as resolute as ever not to be led 
into wrong doing again. So he told the buy since he was such 
a coward, to .send on ids champion, he wa^ re.idy for bim; ;it 
the same tinjo determiiiiiic in bis own mind to keep away i'rom 
where his enemy was likely to be found, and to run away if ever 
he caught sight of him at a distance. George had suthcient 
moral courage not to give way, if all the boys in the s-trecl 
threatened him; but lie was a timid little ('<.llow when fighting 
was talked about, and would rather run than fight any day, if 
running would do a.-» well. 

Some little lime pas-(.d; George steered clear of Bill Ballard's 
haunts, and almost tli'mglit all was forgotten, until one day. 
led by his great love (f pictures, he ventured to the corner of 
the street in which the boys playeii, to look into the windows 
of a print.scller's store. While intently ga/.ing in at the wiridois- 
his dreaded enemy passed by, and on seeing George, began to 



abuse him, being confident he could do just as he pleased with 
him. G.^orge saw it was no good to try to run away, for the 
other boy could run faster than he, so he put the best face he 
could on the matter and prepared to defend himself The fight 
did not la>t long. George by some means gained the yantage 
ground, and through his foe slipping off the payement into the 
ro-id, he was twice enabled to knock him down. At this 
moment an old lady hearing the scufHe came and separated 
them, to which George was nothing loth, while the other boy, 
finding he was not so easy to whip, was not now so anxious for 
the fight. 

Thus ends our little story; but it has its moral. If George 
had never done wrong he would never have fallen into this 
dilemma. He would never have been afraid of his conduct 
reaching his father's ears. He would never have had to creep 
about the streets in fear and trembling lest Bill Ballard should 
loom in sight. "The way of the transgressor is hard." But 
he was wise to brave all this, rather than continue to do wrong 
when he saw the evil of his ways. Had he continued to steal 
he would always have been at the mercy of those bad boys, and 
might have gone on from bad to worse, until he woidd have 
become known to all the world as a thief and a I'clon. But he 
had the courage to say "A'i). Iwill not," and that saved him. 

George is now, I am happy to tell you, grown to be a man, 
and his home is with the Saints of God in these happy valleys; 
but he has not forgotten the lesson taught him through his 
stealing buttons when a little boy. 

Children, you also can learn one lesson thiough this short 
story. If you have been doing wrong, do it no more, leave it 
off at on;e and for ever. It is better to iace the consequences 
now, than when your sin has grown worse. Trust in God, 
plead with him for his aid to strengthen you to do right, and 
determine — in the words of one of our hymns — you will 
"Do wliat is I'ight, let the couscqueuce t'ollow." 

G. E. 



THZE STOI?.Y OIF" 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Wrilings. 
[CONTINUED.] 



THE summer passed away and the winter came. The frost 
bridged the waters of the bay, and seemed to open a pas- 
sage for the troops, and Washington seriously contemplated 
making an attack upon the town over the ice. On mature 
deliberation, this plan was found too doubtl'ul of success, and it 
was abandoned. 

Early in the spring, however, the second great effort was 
made by the Americans to dislodge the British from Boston 
and it succeeded triunqdiantly. It was a repetition of the 
attempted maneuver of Bunker Hill. One night in March, a 
body of troops were sent up to the bights of Dorchester and 
set to work, throwing up intrenchments there just as they had 
done on BunkLr Hill. But ibis undertaking was managed on a 
much more extensive scale than the other. Six times as many 
Workmen were employed in digging the trench and throwing up 
the embankment as were sent to Bunker Hill, and there was a 
large body of troops detached to accompany and protect them. 
'J'he hill was higher too, and so was nuich more safe from a 
att.-K-k. 

The men worked hard all night, and the next morning, as 
soon as it was light, the sentinels on board the men-of-war 
were amazed at seeing a strong fortress, that had grown up iu 
the night, frowning upon them from a liill so near as to place 
them in immirKiit danger. The commander of the ships .sent 
word to Lord Ilowc, who was now the general-in-chief on 



^9 



J- TJ "V" E ISr i: L E in^STIS/TJOTOI^, 



191 



(i-* 



shore, that unless he dislodged those uien from their post on 
the Hights, he should be obliged to leave the harbor immedi- 
ately with all his ships, "for the Americans could fire," he said, 
"directly down upon h m as soon as they should get their guns 
in position." Lord Howe immediately fitted out an expedition 
to go in boats and storm the redoubts, as the troops had done 
before at Bunker Hill. The men embarked and set sail, and 
every body expected a terrible battle; but a storm came on 
sutidenly, and threw them all into confusion, tome were 
upset, some driven on the shore, and the whole fleet was so 
scattered and broken up, that before they could be collected 
again, and repaired, and made ready for another attempt, the 
Americans had completed their works, and made them so 
strong that the British were afraid to attack them. 

So General Howe sent word to General Washington, that if 
he would allow them to embark on board their shij. s in peace, 
they would all go away. 

"But if j'ou fiie upon us from your intrenchments on the 
Hights," said he, "while we are going on board, then we will 
burn the town." 

General Washington wished to save the town, and so he 
made an agreement with Lord Uowe, that if he would go away 
and leave everything as it way, they would allow him to go in 
peace. The British, accordingly, embarked in the ships and 
sailed out of the harbor. For some time nobody knew where 
they were going. 

The Declaration of Independence was made On the 4th of 
July, 1770. This was not until more than a year after the war 
broke out. During all this time, the people of the colonies, 
though determined that they would not submit to being taxed 
by a government three thousand miles away, had yet not 
resolved to separate entirely from the mother country. They 
professed to be loyal and obedient in spirit still, as subjects of 
the English king, but they insisted on enjoying the same rights 
and privileges that were elaimed and enjoyed by all other 
British subjects. 

It must be distinctly borne in mind, in order to understand 
the merits of this dispute, that the colonists did not by any 
means claim that they ought not to be taxed at all, but only 
that, like the people of England themselves, they should have 
the control of the subject of taxation in their own Legislatures. 
The Parliament was the Legislature of the people of England. 
Without the act of Parliament, neither the king nor the 
government could lay any tax whatever upon the people at 
home. Now the colonies had their Legislatures too, and th« 
people of the colonies maintained that it was those Legisla- 
tures, and not the Legislature of the people at home, that 
should control th-e subject of taxation in America. There was 
no justice or right whatever that the Legislature of one portion 
of the king's dominions should regulate the taxes for the peo- 
ple of another poition. It would be almost as rea;onable, they 
maintained, to expect that the Legislatures ot America should 
regulate the taxation of the people of England, as that the 
Legislature of England should do it for the people of America. 
Thus all thit the Americans claimed was that, while they were 
willing to remain loyal and faithful subjects of the British 
king, they should be protected in the enjoyment of the same 
rights and privileges in their own country that the people of 
England enjoyed in theirs. 

As the war went on, however, during the year after it first 
broke out, the Americans became gradually more and more 
alienated from the mother country, and thus the breach grew 
wider and wider. All attempts to compromise and settle the 
dispute failed. The English government would make no 
terms with the Americam short of exacting from them a com- 
plete and absolute surrender to their authority. At length ) 
many leading Americans began to think that the time was ' 



come when it would be best for the colonists to renounce their 
allegiance to England altogether. 

"Let us proclaim our independence," said they, "and take 
our stand boldly among the nations of the earth." 

This proposal was received at first, by many persons, with 
great alarm. There was still remaining, too, in the minds of a 
large poition of the people, a lingering attachment to the 
mother country. "Besides," said they, "we cannot hope to 
contend successfully against so great a power. So long as our 
resistance is confined to opposing a single unjust and oppressive 
law, England will not make any very great eflFort to subdue us, 
and will finally give up thj contest and grant us our rights; but 
if we go to so great an extreme as wholly to renounce the 
authority of the mother country, and attempt to make our- 
selves independent altogether, then the spirit of the govern- 
ment will be thoroughly aroused, and they will come upon us 
with all the strength and all the resources of the empire, 
rather than yield. ' ' 

To this, those who were in favor of independence replied, 
that doubtless the English government would make every 
possible efi'ort to reconquer the colonies and bring them back, 
if they should attempt to break entirely away from the mother 
country; and they admitted that tlie contest would be very 
unequal between the mighty British empire, with its great and 
powerful ships of war, and its immense armies of well-equipped 
and well-trained troops on the one hand, and, on the other, the 
thinly-peopled and scattered population of the colonies, with 
no troops but hastily-collected volunteers, coming, half armed, 
and destitute of any knowledge of war, from the work-shops 
and fields. 

"But then," said they, "we shall not be alone in the contest. 
England has enemies in Europe who will be glad to join us 
when they find that we have fully committed ourselves to the 
struggle. There are France, and Spain, and Holland. They 
are the natural enemies of England. They have been at war 
with England half of the time for centuries. They are always 
ready to take advantage of any favorable opportunity to make 
war upon her. And though they will not help us tow, while 
we only rebel against a tax, and are ready to submit to the 
English dominion again as soon as the tax is repealed, they 
would willingly, and even gladly, join us if we would separate 
from her entirely, and declare ourselves a free and indepen- 
dent nation." 

In the meantime, while discussions like these were going on 
among the statesmen and the members of Congress, a strong 
love of hberty and independence was rapidly extending among 
all classes of the people. They began to believe that in govern- 
ment, as in every thing else, men were competent to manage 
their own affairs, and they were right in this opinion. 

It has been a great point with despots and aristocrats, in all 
ages and in all countries, to try to convince the world that men 
are not capable of managing their own afl'airs, but that some- 
body must be exalted over them to govern them. "The wise 
and the good," they say, "must rule over the masses, who are 
ignorant and bad." So, under pretense of conforming to this 
necessit}', they themselves take the command, and keep the 
people under subjection to them, though, instead of being the 
wise and the good, they are only cunning and wicked. It is 
not possible for the imagination to conceive of characters more 
selfish, profligate, and vile, than the line of English kings, 
with two or three doubtful exceptions, have uniformly exhibi- 
ted from the earliest periods to the luesent day. 
[To be Continued) 



NoTiiiNO gives more freshness to existence than the con- 
sciousness of being useful to others. 



!t\ 



^<f^ 






a'TJ'srEn^ii-iE i2srsTi?.TJOTOi^ 



^ 



%inu mniiu. 






^f 



CHAPTER IV 



"^ 



THE time for Willie returning liorae had now arrived. He 
felt sorry to leave liis Aunt Mable, and man}' of his circle 
of new friends. Aunt Mablc had been very kind to him, 
hence he had learned to love his aunt very much, but then 
there were others whom he loved very dearly too, and 
■when he tlionght of the sweet smiles, and the kind words that 
would greet him on his return to the circle of home, his heart 
wag full of joy. Animated by these feelings, lie bade his 
friends good bye, and commenced bis journey homewards. 

V/hen within about three miles from home, 'Willie could see 
dense clouds of smoke rising from the factory chimnej's of the 
dear old town that gave him birth. Just sis weeks before, he 
had watched the smoke rising from the same chimnej-s. Then, 
ho was leaving it behind him. Every minute was taking him 
from the scenes of his childhood. A now world as it were, 
was being spread out before him, and his joy increased as those 
dear old scenes were fading in the distance. If he were to 
turn round now, and travel in the same direction, would he 
realize the feelings that he telt then! No; he would not. The 
very smoke now seemed to wear a cliarm. Every familiar 
object brought its accompanying sweet reflections. Every turn 
of the road, and almost everj'thing that he saw, seemed to be 
full of interest. He wondered whether his little baby brother 
would know him now. Whether any of his brothers or sisters 
would see him before he got to the house, and what mother 
would say to him on his arrival. Many such thoughts rushed 
through his mind. 

As be entered the outskirts of the town he began to meet 
persons with whom he was acciuainted, and the meeting of his 
old acquaintances gave him much pleasure. 

■Willie now felt himself to be quite a traveler. He had been 
six weeks from home, and had traveled one hundred miles. To 
many of the readers of the Juvenile I.nstrucior, one hun- 
dred miles may seem to be a short distance for a person to 
travel; but it was not so where AVillic was raised: lor there 
wore many old men there, who had never traveled fifty miles 
from home daring the whole of their lives. 

Willie was now in full view of Long Land St., in which was 
the residence of his father. His anticipations and excitement 
increased at everj- step. Now he was .seen. jMany voices 
echoed his name. All were glad to see him, mother, brothers, 
and sisters were filled with joy at his coming. Many kind 
words were spoken, tokens of affection given, and even tears of 
jny were shed. 

(To be Cunlinucd.) 



THE NEL'KS.SITV OF REFLECTION.-It is obvious 
that tin; most useful information, the most important instruct- 
ion will pa-s readily from tlie mind, unless the reflective facul- 
ties render its imjiression lasting, and its operation cflectiial. 
■Without the exercise of reflection the mind would be sjicedily 
encumbered, not only with what is useless, but iiernicious. 
Reflection may be termed the digestive or assimilating principle 
of the mind, and unless its legitimate operation be allowed, the 
tone of its healtli and vigor will become impaired, and it will 
be disqualified, both for happiness and usefulness. Reflect 
earnestly, seriously, and thereby strengthen your mind. 



h^S^^ 






kX3 



S03^/nEBOID3r. 




There's a meddlesome "Somebody" going about, 
And playing his pranks, but we can't tind him ovit; 
He's up stairs and d'^wn stairs from morning till night, 
And always in mischief, but never iu sigLit. 

The rogups I have read of in song or in tale 
Are caught in the end, and conducted to jail; 
But ".Somebody's" tracks are all covered so well 
He never has seen the inside of a cell. 

Our young folks at home, at all seasons and time?, 
Are rehearsing the roll of "Somebody's" crimes; 
Or, fast as their feet and their tongues can well run, 
Gome to tell the last deed the sly scamp has done. 

" 'Somebody' has taken my knife," one will say; 

" 'S'>inebody' has carried my pencil away;" 

" 'Somebody' has gone and thrown down all the bloercs;" 

" 'Somebody' ate up all the cakes in the box," 

It is "Somebody" breaks all the pictures and plates; 
And hides the boys' sleds, and runs olT with their skates, 
And turns on the water, and tumbles the beds. 
And steals all the pins, and melts all the dolls' heads. 

One night a dull sound like the thump of a head. 
Announced tliat a youngster was oul of his bed; 
And he said, half asleep, when asked what it meant, 
" 'Somebody' is pushing me out of the tent!" 

Xow if these high crimes of "Somebody" don't cease. 
We must summon iw the detective police; 
And they, in tlieir wisdom, at once will make known. 
The culprit belongs to no house but our own. 

Then should it turn out, after all, to be true. 
That our young folks themselves are "Somebody," too, 
How cjueer it would look if we saw them all go 
Marched oil' to the calaboose, six in a row. 



TnE answer to the Charade in No. 22 is RAILROAD. 
We have received correct answers from Mary B. Cook, Eliza 
A. Cordon, Joseph H. Parry, Geo. G. Taylor, A. H. Cannon, 
Geo. L. Worsteuholm, Agnes Lctham and Rosa M. Cannon. 



People who boast of their knowledge generally have very 
little of it, while those who iiossess knowledge are not anxious 
to show it. 



Is puljlinlicd iu .Salt I.iikc City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST it FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



QEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



iSinylc Copy, per A nnum •••• 
Sini)lc Copy, for iilix Monl/i.s> 



i:'. 00 
150 



*3- It i« cxportnd whcro n^'pQts forwurrt nnincB they wil! be rcsnoiipible 
fur )Ih- pJipiTK tliilM ordered; jnifl when Tasli piivineiitfi .-.re made, Jliey will 
pleane forward tin la with the lelter eoiitainin;^ tfie iiatiieK of tin- buliseribers. 

«»- Eldi-r Wiii. II. Shearman, I-ofjan, will aet as General .^''cnt for 
Cache valley. 

J9^' firain hrou^rht to this City for the .Icvcnilic IxsTeccxoK will Le 
received at the ofliee of our p.per— iJEslCKKT ^»"liws IICILnixus. 



^*MMW^iiumm JL-Bj r"wr i/3i^^ 




