
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, AUGUST 15, 1874. 



NO. 17. 



J^ £'. TK.E1ET IZSr a j^.TTi,0 



GRAND Cairn, as it was forraorl.v eallcrl. or. as wo call it, 
Cairo ill Egypt, long the chief Mohammedan city of the 
East, is really an Arab c'ty. Its inhabitants, language, man- 
ners, customs, anil nearly everything in it, are Arab. The 
only things that remind one of old Egypt are the Pyramids, 
the Sphynx anl the Nile. 

Our picture represents a street in Cairo. The streets of 
all these Eastern cities are very much alike. They are narrow. 



water is carried about for sale, too, in goat-skins upon men's 
shoulders. 

A bazaar in Cairo is a lively place, when thronged with its 
buyers and sellers. Men of all ranks, wearing turbans or fezzes 
(red cloth scull-caps, with a blue tassel at the top), or flowing 
robes of silk or of coarse blue cloth, according to their condition 
— slave:, both black and white — middle-class women with veiled 
fa es, and pnrriv women without i:n vii'.s — grapo-scllcrs, 





to^keep them cool ; where they are made wi<ler, now-a-days, 
mats are stretxhed from house to house to cbcck the glare. 
They are sadly dirty; yet they arc crowded with pcojile all day 
long. The shop.s are mere Htalls, open in the front; the chief 
articles sold being such things as clothes, shoes, pipes, prnyer- 
carpet.'^, and dry goods in general. The owner sits cross-legged 
in the midst of liis stuffs, smoking his pipe, and never asking 
one to buy. I'ood is cried up and down tlie strect-s, and 



boniling under the weight of their fruii— watcr-earriors— Jews, 
Copt.s, Greeks— all these iniiigle together and jo.stle each other 
as they pa.ss by, or shuffle aliuig in Inose red or yellow slippers. 
Several times a day the buzz of the market is sudiieiily 
hushed by a clear voice, which .sounds as if it came out of the 
air. It is the niuz/.in upon the tower of tho niosiiue, who 
chants out a summons for the people to come to prayers to the 
niosfpic, or to .say their prayers wherever they arc. 





19-i 



Cr TJ ^v7" E ITI L El IISrSTI^TJCTOI^.. 




THIOIMIT^S' BO^^I^IDEI?/ 



From Scr'ibncr's J/histrotcd Magazine 




ONTK upon a time, long before any of you cliilJren were 
born, — about two huiulreJ aiul fifty years ago, in fact, — 
a litte boy stoid, one morning, at tlie Jo r of a pa'ace ii 
Florence, and looked about him. 

Why he wu< standing there, I do n u know, Perhaj)s he 
was watching for the butcher or the niilkuian, for he was a 
kitchen-boy in the household of a rich and mighty cardinal. 
IFc was twelve years old, and his name was Thomas, 

Suddenly he felt a tap on his shoulder, which made him 
turn around, and he said, with great astonishment; 

■Whatl is that you, Peter? What has brought you to 
Florence? and how are all the jjcople in Cortona?" 

"They're all well," answered Peter, who likewise was a boy 
of twelve, "But Fve left them for good, I'm tired of taking 
care of sheeep — ,stupid things I I want to be a painter. I've 
come to Florence to learn how. They .say there's a school 
here where they teach peoi)le," 

"But have you got any monoy?' askeJ Thomas, 

"Not a penny, " 

"Then you can't be a painter. You had much better take 
service in the kitchen with me. here in the palace. You will 
bj sure of not stan-ing to death, at least. " said the sa,e 
Til mias. 

"Poyou get enough to eat?" asked the other boy. reflectively. 

"Plenty. 3Iore than enough." "• 

"I don't want to take service, beeausel want to be a ]iaiiiter.'' 
said Peter. "But I'll tell you what we'll do. As you have 
more than you need to eat, you shall take ine to board — on 
trust at first, and when I'm a grown-uj) painter. I'll settle the 
bill." 

"Agreed." .«aid Thomas, after a moment's thought. "I cm 
mana'.'i' it. Come up stair.s to the garret where I sleep, and 
Ml bring you .some dinner, by and by," 

So the two t)oy.s went up to the little room among tb.e 
chimney-pots where Thomas ,slej)t. It was very, very sn:all, 
and all the furniture in it was an old straw lied and two rickety 
chairs. But the walls were beautifully wliitcwashcd. 

Tile food was good and plentiful, fiu' when Thomas went 
down into the kitchen and forajjcd among the broken meats, 
he f iiind the half of a fine inutton-|>ie, which the cook had 
carelessly thrown out. The cardinal's household was conducted 
upiin ver>' extravagant iirincijiles. 

That did not trouble Peter, however, and he enjoyed the 
nMitton-]>ie hugely, and tnld Thomas that he felt a-- if he cmdil 
fly to the moon. 

"So far. 80 gooil," said he; "but. Thomas, I can't be a 
painter without paper and pencils and brushes and colors. 
Haven't yon any money?'' 

■'No," siiid Thcimas. clespairingly, "and I don't know how 
to get any, for I shall receive no wages for three j'ear.s, " 
"Then I can't be a painter, after all," said Peter, mournfully. 
•'I'll tell you what." .suggested Thomas. I'll get some char- 
coal down in the kitchen, and you can draw jiictures on the 
wall.' 

."*o Peter set resolutely to work, and drew so many figures of 
men and women and birds and trees and beasts and flowers, 
that before long the walls were covered with pictures. 

At last, one happy day, Thoma.s came into pos.scssion of a 
small piece of silver HKmey. T'i)on my word I don't know 

here he got it. But he was much too honest a bov to take 



money that dil not belong to him, and so, I presume, he 
derived it from the sale of his " perquisites. " 

You may be sure there was joy in the little boarding-house 
up among the chimney-pots, for now Peter could have pencils 
and pajvjr and India-rubber, and a few other things that artists 
need. Then he changed his way of life a little. He went out 
early every morning and wandered about Florence, and drew 
everything he could find to draw, whether the pictures in the 
churches, or the fronts of the old jjalaces, or the statues in the 
public squares, or the outlines of the hills beyond the Arno, 
just as it happe;ied. Then, when it be3ame too dark to work 
any longer, Peter would go home to his lioarding-house, and 
find his dinner all nicely tucked away under the old straw bed, 
where landlord Thomas had i)ut it, not so much to hide it as 
to keep it warm. 

Things went on in this way for about two years. None of 
t'le servents knew that Thomas kei)t a boarder, or if 
the.v did know it, they good-naturedly shut their eyes. The 
cook used to remark sometimes, that Thomas ate a good deal 
for a lad of his size, and it was surprising he didn't grow 
more. 

One day, the cardinal took it into his head to alter and 
repair his palace. He went all over the house in company 
with an architect, and poked into jdaces that he had never in 
ail his life thought of before. At last, he reached the garret, 
and, as luck w luld have it. stumbled right into Thomas's 
boarding-hou.se. 



'Whv. hows thi; 



•A the sreat cardinal, vastlv aston- 



i.shed at seeing the mean little room so beautifuU.v decorated 
in charcoal. Have we an artist among us? Who occupies 
this room ? 

"The kitchen-boy, Thomas, your Eminence." 

"A kitchen-boy! But so great a genius must not be neg- 
lected. Call the kitchen-boy, Thomas." 

Thomas came up in fear and trembling. He never had been 
in the mighty cardinal's presence before. He looked at the 
chaicoal drawings on the wall, then into the jji-elate's face 
and his heart sank within him. 

"Thomas, yiui are no longer a kitchen-boy," .said the 
cirdinal. kindly. 

Poor Thomas thought ha was di-^missed from service, — and 
then what would become of Peter? 

"Don't send me away!" he cried, imploringly, falling on his 
knees. "I have nowhere to go, and Peter will starve — and he 
wants to be a painter so much!" 

''Who is Peter?" asked the cardinal. 

'"He is a boy from Cortona, who boards with me, and he 
drew those pictures on the wall. :nid he will die if he cannot 
be a painter, ' 

"Where is be now?'' demanded the cardinal, 

"He is out. wandering about the streets to find something 
to draw. He goes out every day and comes back at night." 

"When he returns tonight, Thomas, bring him to me," 
.said the cardinal. "Such genius as that should not be allowed 
to live in a garret." 

But. strange to say. that night Peter did not come back to 
his boarding house. One week, two weeks went by, and still 
nothing was heard of him. At the end of that time, the 
cardinal caused a .search for him to be in.stituted, and at last 
they found him in a convent. It seems he had fallen deeply 
in love with one of Baphael's pictures which was exhibited 
there. He had asked permission ol'the monks to copy it, and 
they, cbarmed with his youth and great talent, had readily 
consented, and had locltred and nourished him all the time 





or TJ ^ E nsr 1 31. E Ilsrsa?I^TJOTOI?. 




Thanks to the interest the cardinal took in him, Peter was 
admitted to the best school for painting in Florence. As for 
Thomas, he was given a post near the cardinal's person, and 
had masters to instruct him in all the learning of the day. 

Fifty years later, two old men lived together in one of the 
most beautiful houses in li'lorence. One of them was called 
Peter of Cortona, and people said of him, "He is the greatest 
paint«r of our time." The other was called Thomas, and all 
they said of him was, "Happy is the man who has him for a 
friend! " 

And he was th« boy who took a boarder. 



THE SE.i^rj. 




SEiiLS are found on the emst» of many countries, even in 
Africa. They are most abundant, however, in the frozen 
regions of the north. 

The seal is a very curious animal. It is not a fish, though 
it swims better than it walks. Indeed, it cannot walk, because 
it has no 'egs. 
It gets along 
on the ice or 
the land by 
means of its 
two pairs of 
strong fins, or 
flippers, as they 
are generally 
called. 

Iti loly i^ 
covered with a 
c'ose and silky 
fur. Its face 
is something 
like that of a 
dog, though it 
has a mustichc 
lik? a cat. Its 
eyes are of the 
green color o" 
the sea, and 
they are toft 
and clear as a 
child's. Its sight and hearing are very keen. 

Though the seal is a wild and timid animal, it may be easily 
tamed, and it becomes very affectionate. It may be taught 
many things, such as shaking hands, bowing, and kissing. 

The cry of the seal is soft and flute-like, and resembles 
certain sounds which are common to all languages, such as 
"pa-pa," or "ma-ma;" hence some people have thought that 
these animals have learned, or might learn to speak, Imt this 
is a mistake. 

For many years two seals have lived in a huge jioiul of hall 
water in the Zoological Gardens at Amsterdam. An old man 
accompanied by a little girl and a tiny French poodle often 
came to see them, and brought them nice things to eat. The 
seals would come out of the water crawl to their friciuls. and 
sit down with them, and enjoy themselves on the sand. They 
would frolic about, I'lay tricks, and share like brothers the 
fruit or cakes from the little girl's basket. One day, in the 
midst of the games, the dug missed his U'iij). and juniiicd over 
the seal's head and fell into the pond. The poor dog struggled 
a moment and was then lost to viev/. The two .seals instantly 
uttered a cry, got to the water as quickly as they could, and 



plunged in. In a very short time one of them appeared hold- 
ing carefully in his mouth the half-drowned dog, which he 
placed at the little girl's feet. 

The seal is a very useful animal to the Esquimaux and 
other people of the e.xtreme north : much more than any other 
animal is to us. Indeed they could not live without it; and 
we see the goodness of God in causing it to be so abundant 
where it is so much needed. 

Its flesh is the chief food of the people. Its skin or fur 
makes excellent garments for those regions. Its fat is made 
into oil, which is used for heating and lighting Esquimaux 
homes, and for cooking purposes, all of those objects being 
accomplished by means of large lamps. 



TK^J^TlsrEX) BIE^DS. 




THE Baltimore American gives the following account of a 
troupe of trained Java sparrows and jiaroquets now exhibit- 
ing in the streets of that city: "When a suitable place is found, 

a circular table 
is oj ened ard 
the birds are 
turned loose 
upon it; they 
m inife tnofjar 
a, (hey gaze 
at tin crowl, 
; n 1 do not off"er 
jsc- p .\ The 
1 ori'ormance 
c.in. istsof ring- 
iii_ l.e!ls, trund- 
I iighmjllv Inel 
la rjvs sla:k 
V, ire walking, 
I; i ig utt' j)is- 
t I . (.'anting, 
hwiiigjig each 
o lur ill .-mall 
:\viiii;s, an c.\- 
c;l e it iu.ita- 
L 0.1 of a t ap- 
eze per brm- 

ancL', and a number of other eiiually interesting tricks. The 
most wonderful part of the performance, however, is done by 
a paroquet. The bird walks to the centre of a table, and, after 
bowing to the crowd, seats him.-elf in a small chair near a bell. 
To the clapper of the bell there is attached a ^mall cord, and 
any one in the crowd is allowed to ask the bird to strike any 
number of times upon the bell. If asked to strike ten times, 
he leaves the chair, seizes the bell-roiie, and pulls it ten times; 
after which he bows and returns to his seat. This was repeated 
a great many times, and. with one exception, the bird made no 
mistake. The bird will strike twenty-seven times, but after 
that he refuses; and his owner states that he has worked 
nearly a year to get this bird to strike up to thirty, but it 
apjiears that his memory gives out at that jioint, and it is 
unable to count farther. A collection is. of course, taken up 
after each exhibition. " 



Use the best language in your eoiiinioii eonvci-.-ation at 
boiiie. and you will soon nciiiiiie the lialiit of u.^iug it on all 
occasion.''. 





196 



CrTJ"\rE]3^ILE in^STI^TJGTOI^. 




^ "log's %m^ %.mniii \l\t i^hthl 



^BY G. M. 0. 



THE END OF THE VOYAGE. 




AFTER finishing.' mir trading at Anjeor, wo crossed the straits 
in a siiuall of rain and wind. As the cloud lifted, we caught 
sight of Batavia, and lier roadstead crowded with shipping. 
AVe squared away our yards, and followed our consort through 
the straits, the great channel of trade between Europe and 
China. We took a last look at the receding shores, and as 
they sank from sight, we bade farewell to the spicy breezes and 
oriental magnificence which we were leaving behind us. The 
great Indian Ocean spread wide before us, and a long run was 
rei|uired before we .-ihould reach the Capo. . 

Fair winds and pleasant weather favored us, and nothing 
unusual ir in.spired to break the moto'ony of the vcy.^g^ The 
decks were waslied and the yards trimmed every mariiing, when 
the watch turned to making spunyain f r the wjint of otlier 
cmi)loyment. and this was only varied now and then when 
.some of the light sails were taken in. Keeping well to the 
northward of the usual track of vessels, we sighted the 
JIascarenlui. or French East India Islands, away to the north 
.so far we could only make out tlireo blue specks on the 
horizon — the three islands ^lauritius, Bnurbon and Roderique. 
The' inland u" Bourbon is so fertile and beautiful it is called 
the garden of the Indian Ocean. The next land sighted 
was Cape 8t. Mary, the southern jioint of Madaga.scar. 
Around these islands considerable whaling is done. 

One night our look-out aroused all hands from their beds by 
reporting a burning ship ahead of us, which liap))ily jiroved to 
be a lucky Now Bedford whaler, trying out oil. Violent rain 
storms, with lieavy and repeated flashes of lightning, charac- 
terize the.se latitudes. "We ran direct to the south and we.'t 
from Cape St. Mary for the Cape of Good Hope, which we 
hoped to round without any difficulty or disaster. In this we 
were not disai)pointed. We made the land close in to Cape 
r Agulhas. keeping near the land so as to take advantage of 
the westerly current, which here has a speed of four knots. 
As we swept around the most .southern point of Africa, with 
unusually good fortune, we picked up a favorable wind and 
da>hed away to the nortliward through the blue waters of the 
Atlantic. Table Mountain was ne.\t seen, but wo had no 
occasion for visiting Cai)e Town, aTid so contituied speeding 
away on our liomeward course, soon looking our last on the 
shores of Africa. 

Ah'jut 1487 Pedro de Covilho .sent an Arabic nuip of the 
African coast to Eurojie. demonstrating that there was a so-ith 
cape of Africa that cnnld be doubled. About the same time 
Bartholomew l)i;is reached the cape. Ho .«ailed with two little 
ve.s.sel.s of fifty tons each from home in 1480, returning in 
Dect-mber, 1487, with an account of his discovery. A'asco do 
(Jama, with three shii>.s, and the Arab map as a guide, sailed, 
•luring the summer of 14s7, and succeeded, on the :2l)th of 
November, in doubling the cape. The consequences of this 
viiyagc up.iet all the comunrrial arrangements of Europe. 
A enice and the Italian cities lost their great mercantile impor- 
tance, Egypt lost lier position as the grand avenue to the East 
Indies, western Europe devcloi>cd its energy, wealth and 
lommercc suddenly changed and the British Isles, hitherto 
.•<ci|uestcrcd. at once advaiK-.'d to the licmt irj all the great 
iiritinie expeditions that followed. 



We made a good run to St. Helena, the well-known prison 
isle of the first Napoleon, our vessel running near enough to 
give us a fair view of its peculiar cone-shaped peaks. Ascen- 
sion was next passed, but so far away as to appear only as a 
blue mass, looming up out of the ocean. 

The remarkable brightness of the starry constellatdons that 
glisten in the sky during the night in these latitudes is beyond 
description. By far the most conspicuous, and attractive to 
the mariner, is the celebrated Southern Cross, resting its foot 
on the bright Alpha and stretching its arms over the heavens, 
and slowly revolving to the westward. 

It is a great point of honor among seamen to return home 
from a long voyage with their ships and rigging in as good, if 
not better, order than when they started; of course with a 
view to gaining praise from the owners. So, being in good 
weather, with a fair and steady trade wind wafting us along, 
all hands set to work rc-pa:nt'ng the ship from truck to water- 
line. Particidar care was taken by the mate that everything 
was done in a neat and perfect manner. The lower rigging 
was turned in, blocks newly strapped, canvassed and painted; 
old service replaced with new, running rigging renewed, and 
the standtng rigging covered with a coat of the blackest tar. 
Fore and aft the rigg!-ng was rattled down, and masts and spars 
were scraped; in fact, everything about the ship was put in 
the be.st possible order and condition for the owue:s' in; paction. 

About this time we fell in with several Atlantic whalers, 
small vessels lowering two or three lioat-. Not going far from 
home, they are facetiously ca'lcd by whalemen ''I'lum-pud- 
dingcrs. " 

As we neared the equator, we fell in with those variable 
winds and calm's called the '"doldrums," the pests of the 
homeward-bound; but, in spite of our impatience, we gradually 
worked our way through; and the .skijqjer's face assumed a 
smile when, scarcely two degrees north of the line, the north- 
east trades picked us up and sent us merrily along on our 
vojage. 

While at the helm one day, Captain M made some vorj' 

advantageous proposals to me, should I conclude to resliip with 
him; but I had long learned that the life of a seaman was a 
life of peril. Hour by hour, and day by day exposed with 
little between him and eternity. "Who cares forme? No- 
body!" is heard in every forecastle. God, He only, looks out 
for and helps poor Jack. Homelei-s and friendless on shore, 
he is only (and not always then, I am sorry to say,) sate and at 
home when at sea. To the boy who has filled liis mind with 
the idea that the life of a sailor must be one of the most 
delightful of pursuits, from the fiieilitios offered for pleasant 
adventures, and for seeing foreign lands, I would say that it is 
all visionary. Nobody goes on a second voyage who can help 
it. The mere periling of life and limb, not to mention the 
hard, laborious work, for the small wages allowed, and the still 
slighter chance for promotion, is no fun, and a poor induce- 
ment for a boy of ordinary ability to leave a comfortable home 
and the many opi)ortunities jirosonted on shore for his advance- 
ment. But then again, some will say, "We would go for 
adventure's sake." This is all moonshine. One half of the 
di.sagreeable duties that your sense of manliness will revolt at, 
yet not exempt you from, on board a ship, and your first 
attempt at cleaning out the "hog-house" or "following .-.fter" 
a pet dog or goat belonging to the cai)tain, will stifle all the 
romantic ideas your mind ever conceived. The cursing and 
abuse fi'om foul-monfhod mates and captains, showered on 
your head for the most trifling fault, the exposure to all kinds 
of weather, your miserable fare, and comfortless "bunks 





J TJ'V~ EIsTILE IIsrSTI?.IJOTOI^. 





packed away, in a foul, diraand diminutive forecastle, are 
notliing compared to the contempt with which you, are 
looked, upon by ,the officers, who ti-eat you as so many lumps of 
anii^iated flesh, made for theii- especial abuse. ■ Under, the 
despotic nde, and the broad line drawn between you and the 
quarter , deck, you feel your insignificance and abject slavery a 
thousand times more keenly than the most hopeless serf 
When sick, you are in the way, and, the little care or sympathy 
you receive, adds to rather than alleviates your sufferings. 
Most vessels are, provided with ,a medicine chest; but, to the 
sailor, they are not "come-atable," unless to receive a dose of 
the coarsest kind of "horse salts." On the Maria the fore- 
mast hands contributed each $2,50 towards fitting out and 
providing medicinal stores; but although Irequent application 
was made to the captain, who had them in charge, we never 
received anything but "salts." Salts for toothache, salts for 
bowel-complaint, or a broken leg. It was solely and only the 
suitable panacea for poor Jack's ills. Before going to sea, I 
had been informed that a suitable library for the amusement 
of the crew had been provided by the owners of the vessel; 
but in this, as in many other things, I had been deceived. 
And yet I have never been an inhabitant of a forecastle in 
which I did not find at least two-thirds of its occupants, men 
and boys who were anxious to improve the few spare hours of 
leisure allotted to them, by storing their minds with useful 
information. I have myself, when asking for information in 
regard to some shore or island in view, or an explanation of 
some unusual phenomenon, been bluffed off by an officer with 
some rude and coarse remark that it was none of my business 
to know; and this simply because the officer was ignorant of 
the matter himself (the case nine times out of ten) or because 
he thought it beneath his dignity to explain to a common 
sailor. With some oflScers it has positively become a subject 
for boast how brutally they have treated their crews during 
their last voyage. These are only a few of the many disagree- 
able facts which should deter boys who have opportunities at 
home from going to sea, and especiallj' on whaling voyages. 
I speak from experience, and so will any boy who is foolish 
enough to go to sea before the mast, a green hand. I had 
long thought over the hardships of my sailor life, and told my 
captain, who was really an exception to the rule, that I would 
think the matter over when I got on shore. 

Our trades car.ied us to the vicinity of the Bermudas, when 
we had wind and rain from all points of the compass; and for 
three days not a man in the forecastle had a dry stitch to put 
on. Our approach to the gulf stream was indicated by the 
appearance of the gulf weed, and as wecro.s.sed the sfrjam the 
temperature of the water we found quite warm. Off Cape 
Hatteras we f mnd our first touch of cold weather, in the .shape 
of a fierce "north-wester," that blew our fore-top-sail clean 
out of the bolt ropes before wo could get it furled. The hail 
cut our hands and faces until the blood streamed from the 
wounds. We worked our way northward through the tail end 
of the gale, until lost in a den.se fog off the coast of New 
Jersey. The captain did not get an observation for three days, 
and consequently sail was sjiortened, which was very provoking, 
as we were anxiou,sly looking towards home, and besides, a day 
lo.st by us might Ix; a day gained by the Panama. The deep 
sea lead wa.-: Imve every hour, and when our captain pronounced 
us off Barnegat all hands rejoiced. While making sail, a 
Liverpool packet pa.s.scd us with all sail .set, which confirmed 
the captain in hi.s opinion that we were .south of Sandy Hook. 
At noon tlio fo.g lifted, and wo found ourselves some twenty 
miles from the light-.ship. Discovering a jiilot boat leaving 



the packet, we hoisted our signal, and before one o'clock a pilot 
from the boat ;Afa)"i/ Taylor No. 7 boarded us. He reported 
that the i^areania had ife.ssed in three daj's before.' As the 
wind was blowing fair from the south, we soon had every stitch 
of sail spread that could hold a hat full of, wind. At ten 
that night I took my last "trick" at the wheel. The pilot 
ordered me to steer direct for the light .shi]); before eleven we 
passed that beacon so close that a biscuit could have been 
thrown on board. The course was now towards the Sandy 
Hook 15ght. It was an awfully cold night, and I was almost 
friizen, and kept looking at the binnacle clock for the hour of 
twelve and my relief so long that I imagined the clock, like 
myself had become paralyzed. As the hand touched the point 
of twelve, I rattled off the eight-bells, and our pilot sang out to 
let go the anchor. The night was cold and dark, and our sails 
were frozen as stiff as sheet iron, and kept us hard at work 
until three o'clock before we had them properly stowed. All 
hands turned in until daylight, when the mate called us up, 
and we found ourselves snugly inside of the Sandy Hook. 
In an hour afterwards the steamer Underwriter had us in tow, 
and at one o'clock the Sea Nympli was safely moored alongside 
of Pier No. 7, North River. This was on the eighth of Febru- 
ary, 185.3, making our passage from China one hundred and 
four days. The Fanatna, having escaped the fog, arrrived 
three days before us, as the pilot had said. The day after our 
arrival the ship's crew were paid off, and I started for Phila- 
delphia during the afternoon. By nine o'clock I was safe at 
home again, much to the joy of relatives and friends, who had 
long given me up as lost. Kind providence had spared them all 
to welcome me home, and I must say, when reviewing my 
stock of sea adventures, that getting home again was the most 
plea.sant of all. I distributed by stock of curiosities, and over 
and over again related to my friends the incidents and adven- 
tures of A Boy's Voyage Around the World. 



-«-»- 



« » 



A Ct'RIOUS Bird's Nest. — There is a bird in New Guinea 
called the megapodius, which, in the size of its eggs and its 
manner of hatching th,--m must be considered extraordinarj'. 
It is not larger than one of our ordinary fowls, but its eggs 
are three inches long by two and a half in diameter. It does 
not attempt to sit on them. A colony of birds lay their eggs 
together in a large mound, in the hottest part of the year, from 
September to March, and leive them ti be hatched by the 
sun. The mound is made of sand, loose earth, and sticks and 
leave;, which latter, by their decay, increase the heat. The 
mounds are wonderfully large being ten feet high and about 
sixty feet in circumference at the base. The young birds come 
out at a hole in the toji. The mother birds wait on the trees 
around tdl their chicks are hatched and then 'e ids off her own 
brood. How each knows its own is a mystery. The eggs are 
much relished by the natives but not at all by Europeans. 
A native of Cape York ventured, one day, into a nest for eggs, 
and while he was exploring the hidden riches of the large mound, 
the uiper part fell in anil h.Mvassmotherod. He was afterwards 
found, in the very act of di,agin,c— buried alive in a bird's nest. 



Dr. Arnold once l<ist all iiaticnci- with a dull wluilar, when 
the pui)il looked up in his ftice and .siitl: "W'liy do you s))cak 
to nic .so angrily, sir? Indeed, T am doing the best I can." 
Years after the Doctor used to tell llie story to his childi'cn and 
say: "I never felt .so ashamed in my life. That look and that 
si)eech I have never f(}rgotten." 





19S 



vj TJ ^ E isr 1 1_, E i:n"sti^tjctoi?> 




^h^ j|uucni^ lliislrudcrr. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITGR. 



SATURDAY, AUGUST 15, 1874. 





:eiditok.ij^Xj th:otjc3-h:ts. 

K have, onci in a while, heard some of our 
viiiin; folk-! confess to a fondness tor ''a 
good cnp of tea;" and have listened to 
them expre.ss the opinion that the.v did 
not know how they "could live without 
it." ^\'e. in our turn, have wondered, 
f that were so. liiw the millions of 
his eartli's inhabitants nutnaied t- exist 
iir the thousands of years that tea was 
used in China and Japan. Two hundred 
fifty years ago this beverage was unknown 
■iide of the limits of those two far eastern 
ions, yet the immense hosts of men and 
en who jjeopled the earth from the crea- 
at date had sufficient vigor to till the soil, 
-;^j*W I. iiuiiii cities, navigate the oceans, defend their homes, 
^-22jy?^ spread the arts and .sciences and do all that the 
*■' \^V world's history records. Without a single cup of tea. 
Nor will our languid young friends pretend that their 
ancestors, who lived in the terribly dark ages when the 
su|)posed virtues of ti'a were unknown, any less vigorous, 
robu<t or healthy tli:i;i theniselve.s or were hurried into 
untimely graves lur tli ■ want of the cup win h is said to cheer 
but not inebriate (w^i li latter statement, we confess, we are 
very much inclineil Im ,1 uibt). 

^\ e do not think t^iat many of the .voung ladies of I'tah. 
who are giving way to the htiMt of tea drinking, have any 
idea of its evil effects ui)on tlieir health, and, as a consei/uence, 
up|>n tlifir good lufiks. We admit that a cup of tea, taken at 
thr> clo.-e of a fatiguing day's labor, or when we feel drow.sy, 
will, for a time, remove the fatigue or disp ■! (he drowsiness. 
But is there an int jlligent per.son who w,i;ild pretend that our 
strengtli is restored by the nutriment in the tea? To admit 
the utmost, if there be any nutriment in the tea. it is but a 
v.Tv small (juantity. It takes some time — .ay from two to 
four hours— for a substaii.-e 1 1 be digested a!id turned into 
blond and give us strength in the natural way. iJut the relief 
from tea is .sudden; we often feel it< excitiiiL'- effects the 
mf)nient after we liave pariaken of ij. It woiilil a]ipcar as 
tlioiigli (lie seeming increase of vigor c.ime tliroiiLih the 
ni.-dium of tlie nervous sjstem. and imparted a shortdived 
en ngy to the whole body. It is al.so true that .since the intro- 
dnition of tc.1, nervous diseases have greatly increased among 
livilized nations, and none suffer more therefrom than tea 
drinkers an 1 their childri-n, without it be, perhaps, tlio.se who 
indulge i!i the still stronger arilent spirits, A cuj) of tea does 
not form a jiarticle of blood or give the lea-t natural healthy 
strength. If any nourishment is convi'ycd therefrom, it is 
derived from the cream and ^ugar wc add thereto, to render it 
niore palatable to our taste. 

The first effects of tea are exciting; indeed, so much so, that 
it has been observed that not a few tea drinkers, at times, after 
partaking of it, .so far lose their jiowers of .self-control as to 
.say and do many things which, in their cooler hours, they 
ceply regret. After a while the excitement dies away, a 



reaction takes place and the tea drinker is left weaker and 
more languid than before. Nor is this the worst; though the 
excitement has gone the evil effects of the tea still remain, so 
much so that some physicians have arrived at the conclusion 
that there is a distinct nervous disease arising from its use, to 
which every tea drinker is hurrying, just as every drinker of 
whisky and other strong liquor is on the high road to delirium 
tremens. True, many die before they reach that point, while 
many others suffer therefrom and attribute their sickness to 
other causes, or are at a loss to ascribe an}' reason for their 
suffering. It is found that women are far more subject to 
these ill effects than men, and many diseases peculiar to their 
sex are known to be aggravated by the use of tea and coffee. 
No girl knows the amount of ini.sery she is .storing up for her 
womanhood when she partakes of these baneful beverages. 

Forty years ago, when the Word of Wisdom was revealed, 
the truths it contained were very generally derided and made 
fun of But since that day the researches of the physician 
and the experiments of the chemist have proved the high 
value and great wisdom of the advice therein given to the 
jieonle of the Most High, Ev^ry day and each new discovery 
bear testimony to the divine wisdom that inspired its admoni- 
tions. Nor is the Word of Wisdom a solitary examj^'e of 
science and discovery bearing testimony to the great tiuths 
made known by modern revelation — truths that were never 
dreamed of by men before they wore revealed through our 
martyred Prophet. But the re>^earches of the ])hilosopher, 
the discoveries of the explorer, the study of the man of letters 
arc continually adding proof upon proof of the divine authen- 
ticity of the Book of Mormon and the revelations given by 
the Lord to His (Jhurch in those latter days. 



Wii.vT IT T.^KE.s TO iNIake A NEW.sr.\PER. — The Pough- 
keeji.sie En/jlem an article '"on how mistakes happen in news- 
jiapers" figures up the number of types u.sed in a newspaper 
the size of the Enr/h: at (100,00;;) — i. e., the actual number of 
bi;^ of nu'tal arranged and re-arranged every day in preparing 
a new.qianer of that size for the jiress. We .supjiose that few 
people think of the iivinting trade as one of the most exact 
and ii:iv iciilar of all the handicrafts, but it is. In making 
type vaiiations that might be allowed in the finest machinery 
would vender the type use!es.s. It is very rarely that type 
furnished by two seiiarate foundries can be u.sed without a 
great deal of trouble, though they try to make it after th v 
same standard. We read once in a while of a wiuiderful piece of 
cabinet work, or mosaic work, containing ten or fifty thousand 
pieces, the maker of which has spent months, or even years 
of labor in ]miducing it, and peo])le go to see it as a curiosity; 
but the most elaborate and carefully fitted jiieee of work of 
this kind over made does not comjiare witli that which the 
jirintcr does (>very day, tor-minuteness of detail, and accuracy of 
fitting. The man who does the first is looked upon as an artist 
— a marvel of skill — and if a hundred of his pieces should be 
put in wrong wa.v, it is not noticed in the general effect — but 
if the printer, in fitting ten times as many pieces in a single 
day, puts one where another sliould be, or turns one the 
wrong way, everybody sees it, and is amazed at the "stupid care- 
lessness of tho.se jirinters,'' simjily becau.se they know no better. 



Sf»iE are silent, for want of matter or assurance; others are 
talkative, for want of sense. 



The remedy for injuries is not to remember them. 





Cr TJ "V" E 1^ I LE H^STI^TJCTOK/. 



199 




THE 3sr.A.isriciisra- fj^GtOidj^. 

Op the celebrated Nmiking Pngnda we offer a copy of a 
drawing taken on tlie spot by an English gentleman in 
1842. itwas well known a^ tho "Porcelain tiwei o 'Nanking,'' 
and was so called from the .gl;ize put on the bricks of which 
it was built. The tint was various, too — blue, white, green 
and red — and the effect of the spectacle at a distance, in 
sunlight or moonlight, was very remarkable. It long stood as 
among the foremost of the '"wonders of the world." 



f the third century, as a monu- 



It was built in the mi 
ment to his mother. 
by the emperor whi 
was then reigning: 
and after bearing tlit 
winters of si.xteen 
centuries it was de- 
stroyed by the rebels 
in 18.58. 

It was 2eA feet 
high, and consisted o) 
nine stories Ea li 
story was ornamented 
with lanterns, ])ic- 
tures, images anc 
pithy proverb.*;. A 
flight of steps led uj) 
through ench fioor to 
the top. Each story 
had a landing-place 
where was a window, 
from which an agree- 
able and extensive 
view could be taken 
of the city, the river 
and the distant coun- 
try. At the top the 
scene was particularly 
grand. Bells and lan- 
terns swung from the 
corners of the several 
roofs which market, 
the separate stories. 
and the effect of tln' 
bells jingling wiili 
every passing breezr. 
or of the lanterns lit 
up on any festiva 
night, was exceeding- 
ly plea.sing to ' tlif 
Chinese. 

Thisbeautiful build- 
ing was not merely 
a monument of an 
emperor's filial love. 
and an evidence of tlie 
architectural skill of the Chine.se; but it was devoted to lunia- 
trous practices, every story of it having idols which the jieojile 
worshiped. 





A "Big India.n" once strayed away from bis camp and got 
lost. On inquiring his way back, he was a--kecl: "Indian lost'.'" 
"No!" said he, d'twdainfully, "■Indian no lost; wick-i-u|i lost;" 
(striking his breast) "Indian here! ' 



f'^TuEN a jieople contrive to make saucepans, fine pocket 
T* handkerchiefs, and .<ailors' water-proof overcoats out of 
paper, they may may be considered as ha\ing pretty thoroughly 
mastered the .subject — and this is claimed for the manufacture 
of paper in Japan. 

According to their own account, these ancient islanders wrote 
upon silk, faced with linen, and al-o used very thin wood 
shavings for the. same purpose unlil nearly the close of the 
third century after the Christian era. About A. D. 280i 

paper was first im- 
ported from the Co" 
ea, and superseding 
the home-made fab- 
rics, monopolized the 
market until the year 
A. D. 1)10, when the 
king of Corea sent 
two priests to Japan 
to establish the manu- 
facture. This paper 
w;\s easily torn, and 
liable to be destroyed 
ly worms, and besides 
did not take the ink 
w.'il. These manifold 
disadvantages attract- 
ed the attention of 
Taishi, the son of the 
reigning Mikado, who 
substituted as mate- 
rial the bark of a 
'ipecies of paper-mul- 
berry, which is still 
oxt-Misively cultivated 
fir the purpose. By 
faishi's orders the 
tree was planted 
tlirinighout the coun- 
try, the method of 
manufacture publicly 
taught, and thus the 
industry was com- 
iieneed which has 
~in3c so prosjierously 
■iintinued. 

At the present time 
two hundred and six- 
y-three sorts of paper 
ire nianufiictured in 
\'cddo, In regard to 
lis immense number 
■ styles, the national 
ve for formalities 
ust be considered; 
as, for instance, in addition to iIk- usual varieties to which we 
are accustomed as appropriate for deeds, public documents, 
letters, note<^, etc., tiie Japanese list mentions four distinct 
kinds intended to be u.sed exclusively for poetry and songs 
There are also kinds enumerated as employed for umbrellas, 
hats, lanterns and witer-pmnf i-lotbing; one being described 
as serving for candle-wick and pocket handkerchief-, while 
another was intended for haiidkcrciiiefs only, and a third is 
u.sed for dressing dolls. Speci.i! kinds are prepared exclusiv 





j.rr: 



.soo 



cO" Tj "v IE] isr I L :® insr.sTi^TJGTOi?/. 




as wrapping foB-th^ sevf rahfet.vl^s ofj,rpligici>s,i"ch4(?. «f social 
jrit't. . The excellence in frbe manufiicture is due, in a ^reat 
doL'iT*. to the fiicf t'hrtt JiiiVan furnishes a number 6f 'trefesand 
shvulis with'a filivnus hark, paiticularlv adapted a? a ihatfei^al 
to;- ptiper: aiid several iilants. of wlileli' the roots, se^ife rti' Sciji, 
yield a natural size for tlie surface of the sheet. ' '-' '■ 

The species of niulben-y first used in the seventh century 'is 
still regarded as containinjr the best fibre, and it is extensively 
CTiItivatcd. The plants are annually cut down to the root until 
the fifth year, wheii. by this treatment, the wood has become 
den>e and stroncr. Tlie branches are then cut into lengths of 
about one yard, and stetHncd in ^ s-traw ves-sel over a boiler. 
As .-;oon as the bark begins to separate from the wood, it is 
stripped off by the hand, the wood itself being preserved for 
fii"). The bark is then hoisted upon poles to dry by exposure 
to the air. and when dry it is separated into bundles, weighing 
ab'i-.it thirty-two jiounds each. The dry liark is then immersed 
in niiniin!.' water fir twelve hours, after which the outer husk 
or liark is scrajjcd off, to serve as the material for an inferior 
kind of paper. The remaining or inner portion i.s again 
washed in running water, and after pressure under hearj- 
stonf^s. the fibre is boiled with ashes. After another washing, 
it is well pounded and then molded into balls. These 
btdls are next thrown into a wooden trough, and mixed with a 
pulp, together with a paste made from the root of thetororo — 
a shnib somewhat resembling the cotton plant. A portion of 
this pulp is next placed in a frame, consisting of an inner and 
an iiuter portion, with a false bottom of jdaited bamboo. A 
(h'xtrous and pecidiar jerk from the .^killed operator sets the 
pulp in the frame, and it is then so placed as to permit the 
water to drain off. The sheet of paper is lifted from the frame 
with a piece of ?janiboo, and laid with a brush on a drying- 
board, the side adhering tn the I. nurd forming the face of the 
paper. 

The paper •'warranted to wash'' is made with another kind 
iif paste: an 1 in the oil paper, for water-proof clothes, a glue is 
iK'd. made from young fern .<honts. st.iincd with the expressed 
.juice of unripe per.simmon.s. Colors are applied in powder 
mixed with bean paste. 

Several of the trees and plants used in the manufacture of 
paper are described as being the object of careful cultivation, 
c-ipeciaily in the niannring and prei)aration of the soil. — 

{Selected. 



B.^Xji_,ooisr i2sr"^EiNrTOT^s. 




Ti-.sTnow, that the .subject. if atrial navigalidn. or .sailing in tlie 
»l air. is o-cupyiiiir the attention of .scientific men tiinmghout 
the world, and ninch Is being .said concerning it, the llrllowmg 
history of the invention of the balloon, written by the jjopular 
hisforian, James Parton. will probably be interesting to our 
nailers: 

'•TIktc lived, a hundred years ago, in the South of Fiance, 
a venerable man, named ^Fontgolficr, owner of a large 
paper mill, which gave employim.nt to a great number of men 
anil women, to whom the aged inoprietor was more like a 
l>atriareh than a mere cmpl.iyer. This good old man. who 
lived to the age of ninety-three, had two .soils, Steph.-ii and 
.To.soph, who relieved him <lf the cares of business, and 
conducted Ihe pai)er works with the .same energy and the same 
regard for the happiness and dignity of the operatives which 
h.vl made their father so much honored and beloved in all that 

giori. These young men. from their youth uj., had been us 



stiudious and observant as thej' were Tirtitous. .With" little 
aid from instructors, they had acciuired bj reading and private 
'study a great fund of knowledge, Stephen being particulariy 
' deroted to mathematics, and Joseph t'o natiiral p^iilosophy 
and cbemistry. They were tall and athletic, noble' in their 
carriage and demeanor, of sedate but cheerful aspect. We 
could style them princes of industry, if the word printe did 
not bring to the mind the inferiority of the best princes 'to 
such youths as these. 

"In the cour.se of their studies, they had read of many 
attempts that had liecn made to navigate the air. They had 
read, perhaps, and laughed as they read, of the winged angels 
which, in the dark ages, ingenious priests had attempted to 
make ascend to heaven in the sight of their credulous flocks ; 
of the Italian adventurer who leaped, w^ith wings at his back, 
from the summit of a Scottish castle, and broke his thigh 
bone in his fall; of the monk, Albert of Saxony, who in the 
'fourteenth century, first suggested the notion of inflating a 
globe with something lighter than common air; of the Jesuit, 
Casper Sehott, who proposed to ascend a very high mountain, 
and bring down an immense bag-full of the thin air of the 
mountain-top for the purpose; of another Jesuit, who conceived 
a project of sending aloft a great number of inflated copper 
globes, with armed men attached to them, who could rain 
down fire and death upon an enemy's city; of the ftiiir, 
Joseph Galien, professor of natural philoso])hy in France, 
who, as late as IT.O.'i, published in great detail a scheme for 
making a sailcloth bag three miles in circumferenc3, which, 
when inflated with uiountaiii air, he thought, would convey a 
whole army, with all its munitions and baggage, and land them 
comfortably in an enemy's country. The perusal of these 
sublime projects must have made them laugh; but, doubtless, 
it had some cff'ect in directing their attention to the subject of 
atrial navigation. 

"Nature is our great teacher. Nature gives the hint; 
observant and thoughtful men follow it up. It was while 
watching and conversing about the clouds that these young 
men first conceived the idea of a practicable balloon. The 
clouds rose to the upper regions, and floated there, simply 
because they were lighter than the lower air; why, then, could 
they not make an artificial cloud, and .send it up enclo.sed in a 
bag '? They first attempted to do this by filling a paper balloon 
with hydrogen gas. It rose slowly to the ceiling of their parlor; 
but, owing to the rapid escape of the gas, in remained there 
but a few seconds, and then descended to the floor. They tried 
this experiment freijuently; hut no bag which they could 
make would retain this ethereal gas long enough for their 
purpjse. 

"They then thought of the rajiid ascent of common .smoke. 
Their bag of cloud had failed; why not try a bag oC smoke'? 
In November, 1782, Joseph Moiitgolfier, while spending a few 
days from home, iirocured a large silk bag, ballooii-sha])e, 
with an opening at the bottom. Making a fire of paper, he 
caused his balloon to be held over it, so as to receive the 
smoke and hot air. A'erj' soon he had the delight of seeing 
the balloon swell, until it was fully distended. When it wa.s 
let go, it mounted rajiidly to the height of seventy-five feet, 
there remained stationary for several minutes, and then 
slowly decendcd to the earth. Overjoyed at this result, Jo.s'6ph 
hastened to communicate it to his brother, and they proceeded 
immediately to try the experiment on a larger scale. 

"A globe of eoar.se linen, thirty feet in diameter, lined with 
their own paper,- was soou ready for trial. Afire was lighted 
and the balloon was .suspended over it. The inflation proceeded 





J'TJ"VElsriXjE in^STK/TJGTOI?. 




rapidly until it required the strength of three men to hold the 
balloon down, and when it was let go, it leaped into the air a*'. 
a prodigious speed and soared as high as the lower stratum 
of clouds, when it was wafted by the wind beyond their gaze. 
>s-,"Having brought their invention to this point the brothers 
determined to give a public exhibition. On a beautifid day in 
June, 1783, a great concourse of people attended to witness it. 
A body of learned men, who chanced to be in session in a 
neighboring town, were jiresent, as well as all the nobility of 
the vicinity ; for that was a time when it was the fvshion to 
show an interest in science. A large balloon of linen hung 
loose from three crossed poles, with the orifice towards the 
ground. A fire of small bundles of chopped straw was lighted, 
which generated smoke so fast, that, in five minutes, the 
balloon looked as though it would burst, and it was all that 
eight stout men could do to hold it. The signal being given, 
the men let go, and the balloon rose rapidly, and with an 
accelerating motion, amid the huzzas of the multitude. It 
continued to ascend, imtil it had reached the height of a mile, 
where it was caught by the wind and carried away to a vino- 
yard a mile and a half from the starting place. The assembly 
were transported with wonder and delight, and hailed the 
brothers as men wb.o had done honor to France by a grand 
discovery. 

"A report of this exhibition was transmitted to Paris, 
and thence to the other great cities of Europe. The war 
between France, England and the United States, having just 
ended, this new marvel excited all minds, and it was at once 
resolved at Paris to repeat the experiment. A subscription 
was started to defray the expense, which was immediately 
filled. The veneraJjle Franklin, then the most honored name 
in Europe, was one of the suliseribers. On the 2Tth of August, 
1783, the day appointed for the ascent, the Champ de Mars, 
the streets, and the very housetops of Paris, were covered with 
spectators, on the tip-toe of expectation. The di.^charge of a 
cannon was the signal for letting go the balloon. Fully inflated 
with hydrogen gas, and having no ballast, it darted into the 
air as though it had been .shot from a monster gun. At the 
heigh of 3,000 feet, it was lost to view in a dark cloud, but 
soon reappeared above the cloud, and entered clouds still 
higher, until it was a mere speck against the sky. Borne 
swiftly by the wind it was carried away beyond the view of the 
enthusiastic multitude, and descended, in three quarters of an 
hour, into a field fifteen miles distant. Such was the eager- 
ness of the people to follow its course, that they stood, as long 
as it was in sight, in a pouring rain, perfectly absorbed in the 
spectacle. Fine ladies, in open carriages, in all the splendor 
of fashionable attire, sat regardless of the ruin of their costly 
garments. Paris, that city of excitements, has seldom been 
in such a ferment as on that day. 

"But a greater marvel was to come. Joseph IMontgolfier 
vi.sited Paris to repeat his expei iment under auspices of the 
National Academy. On the 19th of September, on a plat- 
form in front of the palace of Versailles, a linen balloon, gaily 
])ainted and decorated, was ready f:ir inflation by smoke. A 
basket was attached to it, in which were a sheep, a cock and .i 
duck. This balloon was seventy-five feet high and forty-three 
feet wide— the largest that had yet been made. The sound of 
a cannon at one o'clock announced to the vast crowd tliat the 
fires were lighted ami the inflation begun. Eleven minutes 
after, a second gun infnrnied them that the balloon was full. 
At the .sound of a third, the rojies were cut and the balloon, 
with its living freight, ro.se slowly and majestically to the 
height of fifteen hundred feet, and then descended obliciuely 




SOI 



to the earth at a distance of two miles. The animals were 

urhurt. The sheep was found composedly feeding in a field." 

{To he Continued.) 



THE a-i?.E^^.T SDsro'vsr^r oaatl. 



THE great Snowy Owl has been fitted Ijy God for, and is 
found in the greatest numbers in the coldest regions of the 

earth, such as Greenland, Lapland, Norway, and Siberia. It 
is, however, often .seen in the nortlieni parts of the United 
States in the winter season. Cold and snow matter little to 
him, sheltered as he is in soft, warm feathers, covering him up 
from the toes, and almost to the tip of his n(jse. It is much 
the same as if you could walk about with a down bed fitted to 
you all over. 

The Common Barn Owl is not so large as our Snowy friend, 
and though inire white beneath, is a little tawn}' on the back 
and upper i)arts. But it is feathered all over, and its general 
character is just the same. 




The ancients dedicateed the owl to the goddess of wisdom, 
becau.se of its grave and .solemn aspect. 



Intell?:otu.\l Culture. — A cultivated mind may be said 
to have infinite stores of innocent gratificatioTi. Evcrythinar 
may be interesting to it, by becoming a .sulijcct of thought or 
inquiry. Books, merely as a gratification, are worth more than 
all the luxuries on earth. A taste for literature .secures cheer- 
ful occupation for the unemjdoyed and languid hours of life; and 
how many persons, in those hours, fin- want of innocent 
resources, are now iui]ielled to coarse jileasure? TIow numy 
young men in this city, who, nnaci-MsfiimcMl to find a conipaniou 
in a book, and strangers tn iiitellcc-tnal ;ictivity, are almost 
driven, in the long, dull evenings ol' winter, to haunts of 
inteniperani-e and bad society. 



O.NE great cause of failure in life isgiving (illier people credit 
for more than thcv know. 





SOS 



T-VE3SriXjE IltTSTI^TJOTOI^ 




book: oip i!v£ o i^ n^ o 3sr . 



R £ I G N C) F T H E JUDGES. 




I.k>-<<)N LXIX. 

Q. — "What did Amni'in -t'.' Ui his foHow-servants when the 
flocks of the kine had In'"': ittcred'' 

A.— He t'dd them to d»~p • r not, but go with him and gather 
the flocks together. 

0.— Did th«y do as h.' ; • ' ilieriV 

A. — Yes; th»'.v ran swi ' n \ surrounded the flocks. 

Q.— WTiere did they ta!.- lo m to? 

A.— To the plac of Wi • r 

Q. — Were they molcsr,. , i-' hi~' 

A. — Yes; those same in ■ ■ d to scatter their flocks. 

Q — What did .\iMm in '■ -servants to do? 

A. — To encircle the fl ■ -.t-.a tliey conld not run away. 

Q. — W lat did Anini' n i 

A. — He went to conliTi i «ith [he men wlio scattered tlicir 
flocks. 

Q. — How did these nwii . d when they saw .immon comin";? 

A. — They feared hiiu n t iiu-y were very numerous. 

Q.— What did they tli i 

A. — They thought tli tlioir men could kill liim. 

Q.— Was thi^ pos-iM 

A.— No the Lord I. ;i Mit-iah that his sons should le 

delivered out of ilieir ii 

Q.— What did .\miie , 

A. — He cast stones at i; « :.. liisslin;^. 

Q. — Did this have aii.x > .■ c> upon tlu-m 

A.— Yes; he slew a gre;ii maii.\ -.ii (Ins way. 

Q. — How did they feel when lloy -atv tlicii hicthren killed? 

A. — They w'ere very an .C \. out W'^ru astonisheil athisjiowcr. 

Q. — What did they do when rln'V >att' they could not hit him 
with stones? 

A. — They came up el : • liiiri with tncir cliihs 

Q. — Were they aide to hit hito 

A. — No: Animon cut ofl' i-verv arm that rai>cd a club to kill 
liiiJi. 

t^. — What dill thi'V do when tliey -aw his great power? 

A. — They wereastoi;islo(l. an<i fled 

Q.— How it.any were ki.lid by his sling' 

A.— ."^i.v. 

Q. — How many diil he kill wiih his sword. 

A.— (die. 

y.— Who was thi^' 

A.— The leader. 

y. — Did many oilier- suil'cr frcMii .Vmmons sword! 

A. — Yes; a great many had their arms cut ofl'. 

Q. — When he had driv.-n Uiem away, what did he do? 

A.- -He returned, and tlii'.r watered their flocks. 

Q. — What did Amnion ..iid his f.dlow-servants then do? 

A. — Thej- went in unt ■ the king. 

Q.— What did they tak • wih them' 

A. — The arm.s wliich \mmon had cut ofl. 

Q.— Why did they take th-se- 

A. — For a te-timony of tlw things wliiili had been done. 

Q. — What did king Lamoni cause his servants to do? 

A. — He desired them to slaiicl forth and each give iiis tcstimriny 
of these things. 

Q. — When he had heard their te-tiinonies what did In: say? 

A. — "Surelv this s more than a man." 

Q. — What question di<l the king ask? 

A. — He asked if Amnion was not the Great Spirit. 

Q. — AVhat rejdy did the servant- make? 

A. — They said they did not kn^iw, luit the flocks of tin' 
king could not be scattered when he was with them. 



OlSr THE BIBLE. 
HISTORY OF JOSHUA. 



LESSON LXIX. 

Q. — What did the Lord do to manifest to the children of Israe 
that He was with Joshua like unto Moses? 

A. — He caused the waters of the river Jordan to be divided, lo 
that they could pass over on dry graund. 

Q. — What did Joshua s»y unto the people before this was done? 

A. — "Sanctify yourselves; for to-morrow th« Lord -will do 
wonders among you.' 

Q. — What was to go befors tbs psople? 

A. — T^e ark of the covenant. 

Q. — Who, also, wflre chosen to lead tSe way? 

A. — Twelve men of Israel, one of every tribe, who were to do 
precisely as they were commanded. 

Q. — What did the Lord command Joshua to do after the 
Israelites had passed over Jordan dry shod. 

A. — To take twelve men out of the people. 

Q. — How was he to take them? 

A. — ''Out of every tribe a man." 

Q. — What were these twelve men to do? 

A. — To take out of Jordan twelve stones. 

Q. — From what part of Jordan were they to take them? 

A. — From where "the priests' feet stood firm." 

Q. — Hov," were they to carry the stones? 

A. — On their shoulders. 

Q.— What was done with those twelve stones? 

A — loaliua pitched them in Gilgal. 

Q. — For what puipose was this done? 

A. — As an everlasting memorial. 

Q. — What was that memorial to witness to the house of Israel? 

A. — That the Lord God dried u\> the waters of the Jordan as 
he .lid those of the Red Sea. 

CJ. — What other r^i.son is it said he h.;d in placing that memo- 
rial there? 

A. — "That all the people of the earth might know the hand of 
the Lord, that it is mighty; that j'e might fear the Lord your 
(iod forever." 

Q. — Was this the on!y memorial of this miracle? 

A. — No; Jo-hua si^t up twelve other stones in the midst of 
Jordan 

(2. — How man3' men jireparcd for war passed over Jordan to 
the plains of Jericho.' 

A. — Forty thousand. 

Q.— Who among these went as Moses spake unto them? 

A. — The childeren of Reuben :,nd Gad and half the tribe of 
Manasseh. 

Q. — What is said concerning .Joshua on that day? 

A. — That the Lord magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel. 

Q. — What ettcct did this have upon the children of Israel. 

A. — They feared Joshua, as they feared Mose.s, all the days of 
his life. 

Q. — Who were filled with fear when they heard that the Lord 
had dried up the waters of thd Jordan? 

A. — All the kings of the Amorites and the Cananites. 

Q.— Where did the children of Israel keep the Passover? 

A. — At Gilgal, in the plains of .Jericho. 

Q. — What did they cat on the morrow after the Passover? 

A.— The old corn of the land. 

Q. — What happened on the ne.xt day after they had eaten the 
corn? 

A. — The manna ci-ased. 

^l■ — How did the children of Israel live without manna? 

A. — They ate of the fruit of the land of Canaan. 

Q. — Who instructed Joshua how to besiege the city of .Jericho? 

A.— The Lord. 





CTTJ^^UJITirLjE IITSTK^XJOTOI^. 



a03 





i| iijiisettJii^. 



IVr E ID ^^ 3L s . 

[Continued.] 



BY BETH. 




WE have one fine bronze medal presented bj'tlie late 0:'tave 
Ursenbach, of this City, which ha, en the o' vjrse two 
well-executed female figures; one has a silver cross on the 
bosom, the armorial bearings of Switzerland; the other wears 
a mural crown and carries an escutcheon bearing the arms f f 
Geneva. Both are armed with swords, as well as shields, 
showing that they are jirepared for attack or defense. They 
are mutually supporting each other. The legend around these 
figures is also very suggestive: "Un Pour Tous," then a star of 
five points, and "Tous Pour Un:" meaning: One For All, 
then the star of confederation, and then All Fur One. In the 
exergue is "12Septembre 1814." On the reverse, outside of a 
garland of oak leaves tied firmly together and joining each 
other at the upper part of the circle is inscribed: "50th Anm- 
VERSAIRE DE LA Keunion de Ueneve A LA SuissE;" meaning: 
The 50th Anniversary of the Reunion of Geneva to Switzei " 
land. In the centre is: '-Celebre A Geneve LE 12 Septre 
1864;" meaning: Celebratedat Geneva, the 12th of September, 
1864. This is a very effective modern medal, replete with 
information, which is conve.ved to the mind in the most 
pleasing manner. 

We will now describe a silver medal of the size of a dollar, 
struck by order of Frederick Augustus, whose bust is seen on 
the obver.se, surrounded by his name and title, Elector and 
Duke of Saxony. It is made of pure silver from the mines 
of Germany, and commemorative of the School of Mines, at 
Freiberg. The reverse of this medal is full of meaning; it 
represents a land.scape at the date of 1765, which is seen at 
the base. The figures are cupids working in different depart- 
ments of metallurgy. A tiny smelter is seen watching the 
processes of smelting. He stands before a furnace, the lid of 
which he has removed to look into the interior, which is seen 
to be in active operation by the dense volumes of smoke 
issuing from it. Another pluni]) little worker is busy with a 
two-handled sieve, which he is evidently rotating in a tub of 
water to wash out the non-metalic stufl' from the crushed ore, 
which is supplied from a trough by some unseen ojjerator. At 
the back of the scene is a village church, and on the hill above 
ic is the shaft of a mine, over which is a windlass, such as, 
even now, is used lor wells. Another cupid is .seen attendant 
upon the mine, and watching an instrument to know when he 
shall turn the winch. The information given by this medal is 
important. It makes us aciiuainted with facts not likely to be 
preserved in any history of the times, and which could not 
otherwise have been so effectively shown as on this medal. 
This is as it should be; a medal is designed to perpetuate, in a 
simple manner, the knowledge of events. 

One medal we have is not in such a precious metal as the 
last described; it is lead, but it is far more valuable to us as it 
was struck in commemoration of an important event in our 
history, as a i^eoiile. It was also struck from none of those 
meaner motives that sometimes influence men. It was to show 
the attachment of individuals to jirinciple rather than to the 
individual. The obverse is a bust in fine relief and, for such 
soft metal, well-preserved. Above this is "Lorenzo Snow." 
The circle is completed by "(An Apostle oe the Church of 



Jesus Christ of K^tter-eay Saints.)" The reverse shows 
"in chief," that is, in the principal part of the disk, three 
stars, the center one the largest. This represents the First 
Pre.^idency. Below this, couiDleting the circle, are twtlve 
stars, emblematical of the Twelve Apostles. At the base is 
the date "1850." In the centre of the circle of stars is: 
"List ye Nations! By this Token Know that Your 
Redemption is Nigh." This is a vcrj- interesting medal, 
indeed, and it shows the interest felt by the Latter-day Saints 
of the British mission toward the Italian mission in 1850. 

Here is another medal in lead, that relates to a chief whose 
mission was also in It.dy; but how very different that mission 
to the last alluded to! (3n the face of this medal is the 
portrait of a fine-looking man, dressed in martial uniform. 
In cribed is: "Giuseppe Garibaldi, Born at Nice, 1807." 
This was also struck in London, in commemoration of the visit 
of that warrior in 1864. On the reverse is a laurel wreath, in 
the centre of which is: "Welcome to England, 1864." 

Tjere is }-et another class of medals to be described, and also 
a kind of coin that will hav,} to be noticed, by which time 
sufficient will have been presented to give a general idea of the 
minor or smaller series of these silent and veracious wit- 
nesses to the truth of historv. 



^* -^»-. » » 



ti3:e ^atok^s: oip this le^ip. 



THIS is the work of the leaf it pumps water from the ground, 
through the thousands of tubes in the stem of the tree, 
and sends it into the atmosphere iu the form of unseen mist, 
to be condensed and fall intti shower.s — the very water that, 
were it not for the leaf, would sink into the earth, and find its 
way perchance through subterranean channels to the sea. 
And thus it is that we see it works to give us the ' 'early and the 
lat.errain." It works to send the rills and streams, like hues 
of silver, down the mountain and across the plain. It works 
to pour down the larger brooks which turn the wheel that 
energizes machinery, which gives employment to milliuns 
— jommerce stimulated — wealth accumulated — and intelligence 
disseminated through the agency of this wealth. The leaf 
does it all. 

It has been demonstrated that every square inch of leaf 
lifts three five-huudredths of an ounce every twenty-four hours. 
Now, a large forest tree has about five acres of folia.ge, or six 
million two hundred and seventy-two thousand six huudicd 
andforty square inches. This being multiplied by three five- 
hundredths (the amount pumped by every inch), gives us the 
result— two thousand three hundred and fifty-two ounces, or 
one thousand one hundred and seventy-six quarts, or two 
hundred and ninety-four gallons, or eight barrels. The trees 
on an acre give eight hundred barrels in twent\-four hours. 
xVn acre of grass, or clover, or grain, would yield about the 
same result. 

The leaf is a worker, too, in another field of labor, where we 
seldom look— where it works for the good of man in a most 
wonderful manner. It carries immense (piantities of elect: i- 
city from the earth to the clouds and from the clouds to th.; 
earth. Rather dangerous business transporting lightninr; 
Init it is particularly fitted for this work.— Did you ever see a 
leaf entire as to its edges? It is always pointed, and tlie.-e 
lioints whether they be large or small, are just fitted to handle 
this dangerous agent. These tiny fingers seize upon and eairy 
it away with ease and wonderful dispatch. There must be no 
delay; it is time-freight. True, sometimes it gathers up uu, 



%\ 




S04: 



CTTJ'VEinTILE IInTSTI^TJOTOI?/ 




than the trunk can carry, and in the attempt to crowd and 
pack tlie baggasje the trunk gets terribly shattered, and we 
say that liglitning struck the tree. But it had been struck a 
thousand times before. Tliis time it was overworked. 



SZO'^AT TO ST.A.I?.T IZST LIFE. 



As a general rule, the best place for a young man to begin 
life is right where lie is. He need not go a hundred, or 
a tlmnsand miles away from home to try the world; that par- 
ticvdar spot where he lives is a part of the world, and as good 
a i)laee to try as some other particular sjiot three liundred 
miles oft'. In the Eastern State-:, where society is settled, and 
things change Init little, wliere business is held in fixed chan- 
nels, and certain families have a j^rescriptive right to do everj'- 
thing that is done, there is not much inducement for a young 
man to remain at home, unless he possesses the genius and 
enfcriirise to break through the traditions and regulations that 
luinijier him, liut no such condition of things exists in the 
West, there evt-rything is new, fre.sh and plastic; and a youug 
man may do his part in molding things to his purposes. 

It is a very common mistake for .youngsters, who have 
not butted their tender heads against the hard angles of 
the world, to imagine they ]iosse.ss .superior talent, if they only 
had au ojjiiortunity to exhibit it. If they live on a farm, 
there is no chance there to show their genius. If they live in 
a country town, it is entirely too small to spread their wings 
in. They yearn for a great city, where talents are appreciated, 
and imagine that tliere is the field tor them to ri.se to eminence 
and wealth, and yet they had better stay right where thej' are 
and make their beginning in the locality where they were 
raised. If they really possess genius or sjjecial aptitudes, they 
may first develoji them and test the metal they are made of in 
the limited sphere of their native place, and, if the experiment 
proves satisfactory, afterwards transfer them to a wider sidiere 
of action. Thousands of young men who go to great cities to 
tiy the world, find the world in such cities too much for them, 
and they learn too late that it would have been better for them 
to make their trial in a liMudrler and ,-;afer <iihere, — Siledcd, 



^orrcsijonilcnce. 




BiuoH.vM C'ri Y, JuIy"2S 1874 
President Geo. Q. Cu/tnoii^ 

Dear lirotlicr: — Tlie nuiiibor of Sunday school 
cliildrcn att<'iidinc our Jubilee on tliu Twenty-Foiirtli ciinie not 
short of eight hundred, and jierliaps two hundred and fifty of 
thim did not join in singing, ^ 

Urothcr S, N. Lee conducted the >itiging, and he was very 
.successful. Tlie host harmony )>rcvniltd, and the eight lioiidrcd 
spectators ("parents) who were 7>rosent were so doliglited witli tlio 
juvenile exeicises that many snid that they had never seen such a 
day before. 

Brother Lcc is the leader of nn attractive and talented choir, in 
Brighnm City, whose efforts are aided by the organ music per- 
formed by Sister Minnie Snow. The choir has regular practice, 
and makes the school highly interesting, and causes many to 
attrnd who would not otherwise he present. 

Brother. I. ('. Wixoin issupcrintendent of the school, and he was 
our chHirinan (i>f the executive committee) on the Twcnty-Fourtli. 
Tlie .Tubilec was held in a spacious bowery, which was decorated 

r the occasion with fvergrocns and flowers, etc., ", 



Having been requested to state the numbers attending our 
Jubilee, I thought it not amiss to add the above remarks. 
Yours in the cause of Zion, 

A. Christensex. 



ctie 



OI^ZDEEvL-Z" HI^BITS- 



De.vr girls, do you wish to brighten 

Your homes like sunshine fair? 
Do you wish by your efforts to lighten 

Your mother's burden of care? 
Then banish all frowns from your forehead. 

All petulant words from your tongue. 
And cultivate orderly habits,— 

You can do that best while young. 

If the boys have made a disorder 

So that things look sadly unkept. 
And your mother is hurried with sewing 

And you see the floor ought to be swept. 
Don't wait to be told to do it, 

But cheerfully leave your play, 
Sweep and dust, and arrange the books, 

And put everything away. 

If you have bright eyes to discern them, 

There's a thousand things you can do 
That will make your parents happy 

And the little ones fond of you; 
You can kindly amuse the baby, 

Give grandma the rocking chair, 
Help Tommy find his missing ball. 

And comb little Mary's hair. 

Now take my word, if you're helpful, 

And pleasant and patient and neat, 
You will reap for yourself a rich reward, 

And a blessing far more sweet 
Than gold can ever purchase, 

Or lands or rubies or pearls, 
For your home will be made a paradise 

By your end<-avors, dear girls. 



Kind Acts.— The ciilld whose good flSoces are always ready 
when they are wanted — to run up-staiis or down, to rock the 
cradle, or to run on an errand, and all with a cheerful look and 
a pleasant temper— has a reward along with such good deeds. 
If a little girl cannot take hor grandfather on her lap as he. takes 
her on his, she can get his .slippers, or put away his book, or 
gently comb his thin locks; and whether .she thinks of it or not 
these little kindne.s.ses that comes from a loving heart are the 
sunbeams that lighten up a dark and woeful world. 



Is I'ublished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHEK SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, per Annum — - $2 00. 

.^»-OfBce, South Temple Street, one block west ef Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




