

t n e 



k WS J» 



HOLMESS TO THEIQBD. 





VOL. 0. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JULY -', 1874. 



NO. ] 



ID I .A. 3ST J^. O IF THE EPHESIA1TS 



EVERY reader of the New Testament, is familiar with the 
name of the Ephesian Diana. Every reader of the acts of 
the Apostles, who has followed with any degree of attention 
St. Paul's wanderings throughout Asia Minor, will at once 
recall the strange scene recorded in the nineteenth chapter, 
when the excited and incensed multituded, crowding the stone 



was quite a different divinity from the huntress-goddess of 
Greece and Rome who bore the same name. r T]y Art uiis 
would seem to have been an ancient Asiatic deity, personifying 
the fructifying powers of nature. Her image which, like the 
Pallodium of Troy, and similar sacred images, was said to have 
fallen from heaven, and was guarded with the most jealous 





seats that rose, tier on tier, in the vast theatre, shouted for 
two hours, as "with one voice," the watchword of their wor- 
ship, "Great is Diana of the Ephesians!" It was one of 
Satan's determined onsets on the progress of the Gospel, and 
fully to understand it, the position of Ephesus and its relation 
to the worship of this heathen deity must be remembered, 
he Ephesian Diana — or Artemis, her proper Greek name — 



care, resembled a mummj in shape, wearing a mural crown. 
with many breasts, symbolical of the nourishing forces of 
nature, while the remainder of the body consisted of a shape- 
less pointed block, which, as well as the crown and girdle was 
engraven with mystical hieroglyphical devices. These mystic 
symbols, somewhat analogous to the Runic characters of the 

North, were called "Ephesian letters," and to them w 





158 



JTJYEl<riLE USTSTBUCTOR. 





attributed a magical power. Written, the}* were used as 
amulet-. Their study became a science, on which were 
compiled elaborate treatises — the •'honks'' which the Ephesian 
converts "brought together," and "burned before all men;" a 
costly proof of the sincerity of their determination to relinquish 
their "curious art<. " 

The month of May was consecrated to Artemis, and in this 
month was held at Ephesus, as the centre of the worship of 
Diana, the great Artemisian festival, which was called the 
''common meeting of Asia." To witness the various contests, 
gymnastic and musical, the games, etc., all conducted with 
great pomp and revelry, gathered multitudes from all the Ionic 
cities of Asia. Such visitors liked to carry away with them 
little portable models or ''shrines" of the goddess and her 
temple, these little images being used as household gods, or 
carried as tailsmans on all kinds of expeditions. The manu- 
facture uf these little shrines, frequently made of silver, had 
become a lucrative employment; and Demetrius the silversmith. 
and his fellow craftsmen, who gained from it probably the 
greater part of their livelihood, naturally feared that the 
prevalence of the new religion would seriously diminish their 
profits from this source. 

Ephesus, at thi> time, had developed into the magnificent 
metropolis of the Roman province of Asia, the beautiful city 
beside the sea. whose crowning glory was its superb temple of 
Diana, considered by the ancients for centuries one of the 
wonders of the world. Built on a marshy soil at the head of 
the harbor, on a foundation of many alternate layers of wood 
and charcoal, to provide against the treachery of the g 'oun 1 and 
the vibrations of earthquakes — it had taken originally 120 years 
tu buil I. all the Greek cities of Asia contributing to its erection 
in which the renowned Caesar, King of Lydia, largely aided. 

Burned down as every scl lboy knows, or ought to know, by 

the notoriety-loving Eratostratus, on the night in which Alex- 
ander the Great was born, it was rebuilt on a scale of still 
greater magnificence, taking 220yearsfor its completion. The 
ladies of Ephesus contributed their jewelry to its restoration, 

and Alexander in vain offered to purchase, with the spoils of 
h\> eastern campaign, the honor of inscribing his name on its 
front. Four hundred and twenty-five feet in length: 220 broad; 
with 127 columns 60 feel high, each of them a royal gift, and 
36 nC them enriched with sculpture, and even with color: with 
pavement of white marble, beams of cedar, doors of cypress- 
wood, staircase formed from the wood of a single vine from the 
isle of Cyprus — glittering with gold and jasper, with paintings 
and rich offering), the treasure-house of Asia-Minor — it is no 
wonder that it inspired a passionate ad miration and enthusiasm 
in the minds of its thousands of devotees. At some distance 
without the city, it was in the second century united to it by a 
Ioiil' colonnade (erected by Damianus, a patriotic citizen i which 
extended from the temple to two of the city-gates, in order to 
shelter the route of certain processions held in honor of the 
divinity, which emerged from the city by one gate and re- 
entered it by another. 

The City of EphoMi- and the Temple of Diana, once one of 
the wonders of the world, were long since laid in ruins. A 

ruined village, a few huts by the morass which has taken the 
place of the receding sea, a few fragments of masonry, broken 
columns and capitals on the plain and among the rocks and 

thickets of Mount Prion, and the outline of the area of the 

best theatre, are all then- i> now to show of tl ce beautiful 

ami luxurious city. ( >f the temple it-elf no visible trace seemed 
lilt -o thatJBthe very site was matter of dispute. In a 
work, published only a few years ago. we are told that 



-'nothing now remains to show what or even where it was." 
This, however, can be said no longer. The efforts of British 
research, which have already opened up so many long-buried 
treasures of remote antiquity, has at length uncovered the 
actual ruins of the Temple of Diana. About nine years ago, 
Mr. Wood began a series of excavations carried on with great 
difficulty and danger from the nature of the soil and from the 
lawlessness of the surrounding population wno, unable to com- 
prehend scientific research, are always ready to imagine that 
some more intrinsically valuable treasure is sought. These 
excavations uncovered many ruins of interest, and in 1870 Mr. 
Wood came at last upon Greek workmanship, uncovering a 
fine white marble pavement, laid in Greek fashion on a lower 
bed of black marble, the very floor of the temple itself! After 
this all was success and intense interest. Fragment after 
fragment of Ionic workmanship was dug out, as well as some 
remains of the earlier sculpture of the original temple. 
Immense drums of columns — the remains of the 36 massive 
columns 60 feet high — fragments of flutings, volutes, and 
mouldings have been found, many of them perfect in surface 
and exquisite in carving, while some of them are considered 
unique in Greek decorative sculpture. Fragments of the;e 
immense sculptured columns, representations in relief of 
Greek mythological subjects, and of great value in an artistic 
point of view, have been shipped to England, and some of 
them already unpacked in their destined resting-place which 
already enshrines so many relies of the past — the British 
Museum. The excavations will probably be continued until many 
other vestiges of the vanished magnificence of the Ephesian 
temple have been restored to the light of day. 

The worshipers of Diana, when they cried out for two hours 
"Great is Diana of the Ephesians," thought that cry a most 
convincing one. Diana was a goddess widely worshiped. Her 
religion was a popular one. Who was Paul that he should 
presume to preach against her worship? Who was Jesus ot 
Nazareth that they should forsake their popular religion which 
all the rich and the powerful believed in, and believe in him? 
Why. Paul was a tent-maker. He was poor, despised and 
vary unpopular. He went from place to place preaching with- 
out purse and scrip, glad to accept the charity of the poor 
stints. And Jesus was a carpenter, a poor man, whom the 
rich and the mighty hated, and whom they crucified between 
two thieves. Who would believe in him? Not the rich, the 
learned, the great and the powerful. They preferred Diana 
and other false gods and goddesses, and all the world, except a 
very few, followed them. 

So it is to-day. False religions are popular. Men adopt 
them, believe in them and cry loudly about their greatness. 
Like the believers of Diana, they think they will stand forever 
and cannot be overthrown. The leading men of the earth - 
believe in them. Hut God will overthrow them as He did the 
worship of Diana. Their great churches, their magnificent 
cathedrals, their splendid and gorgeous worship will be swept 
away, and coming generations will wonder how mankind could 
have been so blind as to believe in such false systems. 



Sot tiiky says, in one of his letters: "I have told you of the 
Spaniard who .always put mi his spectacles when about to eat 
cherries, that they might look bigger and more tempting. In 
like manner I make the most of my enjoyment; and though I 
do not east my eyes away from my troubles. I pack them in as 
ittle compass as rcan lor myself, and never let them annoy 
othe 's. " 





JTJTEITILE IITSTBTJCTOR. 



159 



®i$ ifmrtmlq |(njitrudatj. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 










SATURDAY, 


JULY 4, 


1874. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





ROB ABLY there is not one of our readers 
in Utah who has not seen an Indian. 
Indians visit every settlement; at some 
they make long visits; in fact there are 
settlements which have them constantly 
in their neighborhood. Attempts have 
been made to gather them on to a reserva- 
tion. But the Indians do not in every 
instance like this. Many of them prefer 
being at liberty to visit when they please 
the settlements of the whites. This is natu- 
ral. Some of these settlements are bui'.t at points 
near which many of the Indians were born. 
Their earliest recollections are connected with 
these places. There they played in childhood; there 
they first learned to ride, to shoot, to swim and the 
other arts of their rude and savage life, and there 
probably are the graves of their parents and other 
dear friends. 

When the Latter-day Saints came to these mountains the 
Indians were the only people living here. They were scattered 
all through the valleys, and were more numerous than they 
a e at present. They have melted away before the presence 
of the white man. The Saints have the reputation, and 
deservedly so, of treating the Indians with greater kindness 
than the most of people who have dwelt near them. They 
have acted upon the policy suggested by President Young, 
that it is cheaper to feed Indians than to fight them. Yet 
there have been more deaths in a given time among them than 
births. This is said to be the case with the wild Indians all 
through the United States. War and disease 'are sweeping 
them rapidly away. Many people, seeing this, say it will not 
be long until they will all be blotted out; and so eager are many 
for their destruction that the killing of them all would be. they 
think, the best thing that could be done with them. 

In those ragged, dirty, degraded Indians, with their dark 
skins, who visit our settlements, you see the descendants oi on e 
of the noblest races that ever lived on the earth. The noble- 
men of Europe are very proud of their blood. To say that a 
man in Europe is of good blood, is to say that he comes of an 
old ami distinguished family. But these Indians belong to a 
race older and more distinguished than the best of them. 
Their forefathers came to this land nearly twenty-five hundred 
years ago. They covered the land with their civilization. 
They erected mighty cities, magnificent temples and other 
structure-, which even at this late period excite the wonder of 
those who visit them. Read the Bpok of .Mormon, and from 
it yon can get an idea of what they once wen-. Prom it also 
you can learn what they will yet be. 

We wish all our readers to remember what we say here 
about the Indians. The race will not he destroyed; they "ill 
not, as a people, perish. A remnant ol them will be saved, 

and they will yet become "a white ami delightsome people." 

dud promised this to their fathers, and His word cannot fail. 
Whose heart is so bard as not to have sympathy for these 



poor, degraded creatures? How sore has been the curse which 
has for ages rested upon them ! Since the white man reached 
America red men have been hated and driven from one place 
to another, their best lands have been taken from them, their 
fine hunting grounds have been occupied, their powerful tribes 
have been destroyed, and they have been compelled to make 
their abode in the poorest and least desirable part of the 
country. In ignorance, in poverty, and much of the time in 
actual suffering, they have passed the weary days of their exis- 
tence. What a joyless life theirs would be for us to lead ! The 
misery of one severe winter, with their poor wick-e-ups; their 
scanty clothing and their wretched and insufficient food would 
be enough for the lifetime of a white person. But think of 
the misery of a lifetime passed in that way. In the winter 
when you sit down to a well-spread table, or draw close to the 
fire when the winds howl outside, or nestle in your warm, com- 
fortable I e is, do you think of the poor Indian boys and girls 
who are exposed to the pelting storm, who have no comfortably 
house in which to obtain shelter, no warm beds to which they 
can retire, and probably but little food with which to nourish 
themselves? During this hot weather, when the scorching rays 
of the sun beat down upon you, and you gladly seek the shade 
and the comfort of the dwellings erected by your parents, do 
you think of the homeless Indians, who wander through the 
mountains seeking the scanty food necessary to sustain the lives 
of themselves and children? 

The lands which we now occupy were theirs. For long ages 
their fathers possessed them. There was a time when those 
fathers were as white, as well-off, as wise and as greatly favored 
as your fathers now are. The day is not far distant when the 
Indians will enjoy the favor of God, and when He will bless 
them with His choicest gifts. 

But at present we hope you will net trust the Indians 103 
much or put yourselves in their power. This would not be 
wise, for they are yet an ignorant, bloodthirsty race. They 
have been taught lor generations to believe that to murder 
one's enemies and to steal from them are praiseworthy and 
honorable deeds. When they are taught better they will for- 
sake these evil t.-aditions. In the meantime, however, we should 
not despise them. Instead of injuring them, we should strive 
to benefit and improve them. This is one of the labors which 
devolve upon the Latter-day Saint;'. 




A Bright Dog, ami a Foolish Master. — A shepherd 

once, to. prove the quickness of his dog, who was lying before 
the fire in the house in which we were talking, stud to me in the 
middle of a sentence concerning something else. ''I'm thinking, 
sir. the cow is in the potatoes." Though be purposely laid no 

stress on these words, and said it in a quiet unconcerned tone 

of voice, the dog, who appeared to be asleep, immediately 
jumped up, leaped through an open win. low. and scrambled 

lip the turf roof Of tile house, from V\llicll he could seethe 
potatoe field. lie then (not seeing the cow there) ran and 
looked into the barn where she was. :I ii<1 finding that all was 
right, came back to the house. After a short time the shep- 
herd Baid the same words again, an I the dog lepeated bis 
look-out; lint on the false alarm being a third time given, the 
dog got up, Wagged his tail, and looked bis ina-ter in tlie face 
Willi so comical an expression of interrogation, we could not 
help laughing aloud at him, on which, with a slight growl, he 
laid himself down in bis own warm corner, with an offended 

air. as if determined not to be made a fool of in that manner 

again. 





JUVENILE IITSTBUCTOB 




^ loou's yftgitj}* ^rouml \\\t ^orlil 



BY n. M. o. 



OBSERVATIONS IX CHINA. 




THE Chinese regard no day as a Sabbath; (be stores and shops 
are kept opsn on Sunday as usual. Stepping into any of 
their shops, you are almost sure of finding the inmates gam- 
bling. This is carried on to a very great extent by all classes. 
The cards are long, narrow strips of cardboard, with Chinese 
characters and devices painted upon them. The chief of their 
vices, and one that 13 terribly prevalent, is oiiium smoking. 
The pipe which i» used is notat all like that which is employed 
for toba :co; the stem is much larger.and the bowl smaller. In 
a very small hole in the howl the drug is inserted. They are 
usually made of bamboo or wood, though some have howls 
of the finest porcelain, with richly enameled stems. The 
smoker has a couch and lamp prepared, with his usual supply 
of opium. II" tretches himself at ease, and with a long needle 
]ike instrument places i;i the opening of the howl a little piece 
of the drug, abouf a larg i as a mustard seed, holds it to the 
lamp an 1, with a long an 1 steady inspiration, draws it in'o the 
Jungs in a vaporous state. The sruoke is retained for a few 
•'■ in Is, an 1 then expelled. From one to twelve pipes full are 
thus inhaled before he is 1 iinpletely mi ler its influence, when 
the pipe drops from his hand, and he passes into that dream- 
land for which he ha ■ thrown aside all that makes life precious, 
Prevalent as the evil is. the Chine c are ashamed of it, and 
you are n iver offended by witnessing it in public. When not 
indulged in at home, one of the numerous shops where the 
drug is sold affords a secure an 1 private retreat. These opium 
shops are, in reality, carried on illegally, by their proprietors 
piying periodical bribes to the ruling official of the plaoe. A 
pipe very mu :h u se 1 by th 1 females for smokin : tobacco, and 
gen iralh? made of a eompo ition resembling brass, has a large 
bowl for holding water, through which the smoke passes. The 
i iba co used i- prepared with a small quantity of arsenic 
mixed with it. 

The Chinese manufacture a fiery liquor called "sam-shu," 
which is ;ai 1 to be very intoxicating. Large quantities of it 
are used, la,; I do not remember of ever seeing anyone under 
ir> influence. It often happens that sailors are enticed to 
partake of this liquor, which, being drugged for the purpose, 
that they in iy the more easily be overcome, they become stu- 
pefied, and in that condition they are robbed of their money, 

The currency of China is gold, silver and copper; and the 
Chinese merchants, who, by the way, are little better than 
rascals, are verj cautious about it, and are continually on the 

alert for 1 terfeil coin; yet if they have the opportunity, 

they will pass off any amount of it on you, and then lie out of 
ii in th • most brazen and impudent manner imaginable. Span- 
ish an 1 Mexican dollars pass at par; other silver they will 
discount, and, if they discover the least flaw or defect in it, 
they refuse it a- bad; yet on the first chance that presents 
itself they will pass the same kind in giving change. In all 
their shops it seems to be a sworn duty to ask the foreigner 
the highest price, an 1 cheat him in the bargain, if they possibly 
can: yet when the tables are turned upon themselves they stop 
at qo means for redress. A sailor named Douglass, whom I 
was afterwards shipmate with, sold a Chinaman a galvanized 
watch, a timepiece that was really worthless, for twenty dollars. 
Discovering the swindle, the Chinaman returned to the board- 



ing house, and demanded his money, throwing the watch on 
the bar at which Douglass and some companions were drinking. 
The sailor refused, and high words followed, ending by the 
Chinaman getting knocked down. He received the blow on 
the nose, which caused that organ to bleed very copiously. As 
soon as he could pick himself up, he ran out of the house, 
among his friends, a large crowd of whom had evidently come 
with him. They made a terrible hubbub and noise, all talking 
at the same time, and carried their bleeding friend around the 
corner of the house. Feeling interested in their actions, I 
walked to the end of the piazza, on which I had been sitting, 
and looked around the corner at the crowd, that had suddenly 
become very quiet. Several were holding their hands to catch 
the blood which was dripping from the man's nose; this they 
smeared over his face, head and clothes. Others were spitting 
in their hands and mixing dirt with it; this they plastered on 
their abused companion; in fact, in a very little time, the man, 
under their operation-, looked the worst abused man on earth. 
Had he been crushed for half an hour in a stamp mill, he 
cuild not have looked much more mangled and bruised. 
When lv3 looked horrible enough, they resumed their cries, and 
marched off to the con ail's, where they entered their com- 
plaint. Douglass was arrested, and compelled to restore the 
money to the man, who, during all the time of the investiga- 
tion, appeared unable to stand, and gradually dying; but the 
moment the money was in his hand he suddenly revived and 
marched off, as well and briskly as any of his ingenious friends. 

Nearly everything in China is bought and sold by weight, 
a peculiar stee'yard being used for the weighing. For ordinary 
use they are made of wood, and are marked at regular distances 
by small brass studs; or still more cheaply with a series of 
notches. Those which are intended for fine work are made of 
ivory. As the government has not established a standard 
balance, by which others might be regulated, each dealer has 
his own balance, with his own gradations or marks; conse- 
quently a vast amount of quarreling takes place at every trade, 
and time is lost that might be avoided. The small traders 
have as many tricks and ways of cheating as the more preten- 
tious merchant. For example: fowls are sold alive by weight; 
so the dishonest vender has a habit of stuffing them with 
stones before he brings them to market; fish also are brought 
to market, alive, and improved in appearance by being first 
crammed with stones and then blown up with a bellows. 

A great number of the inhabitants follow fishing as an occu- 
pation; and various methods are used, the most celebrated 
being that in which the fish are caught by birds, called cormo- 
rants. A man goes out on his boat or raft, with several of 
these birds, to a favorable place; then he sends them into the 
water, when they immediately dive and secure their prey, 
which they bring to the boat. 

In their various agricultural occupations the thrift and 
success of the Chinese is not only on account of real skill, but 
the systematic and ceaseless labor bestowed upon the various 
crops. Not a weed is allowed to absorb the nutriment which 
ought to go to the rice. Men go creeping on hands and knees, 
weeding and working around every root. A great deal of the 
cultivation is assisted by irrigation. 

Chinese music, to their own ears; is no doubt sweet and 
harmonious, but the foreigner on listening to it is reminded 
of the sailor's description of a Chinaman singing a song: that 
'"He looked and sounded like a 'Billy goat' with the whooping 
cough." They have a tolerable variety of musical instruments, 
principally string instruments; also wind instruments similar to 
a clarionet. Accompanying all their demonstrations is the 





J" XT "V IE 1ST I L IE IUSTBUCTOB 



161 





loud-clanging gong; indeed it is impossible to separate thoughts 
of China from its gongs. Still, rude as their music sounds to 
us, the art. Ls cultivated among them, and there is scarcely a 
house without its musical instrument of some kind. 

In their own line of art the Chinese are unsurpassed. From 
time immemorial they have been acquainted with color- 
printing, from wooden blocks. In the manufacture of their 
porcelain they stand alone. Their carved work in ivory is 
familiar to the civilized world. One. of their great exploits is 
shown in the seemingly impossible work of carving sets of 
concentric balls out of a solid piece of ivory. Jade carving is 
also carried to a very high finish and taste. This mineral is 
admired and greatly prized by the Chinese. The ce'ebrated 
palace Yuen-ming-yuen, burned by the French ard English 
forces, was filled with splendid specimens of jade c living. 
There are three kinds; cream-colored, white and bright green; 
the last is the most esteemed, a single bead, the size of a boy's 
marble, being worth about five dollars. Being ignorant of 
perspective, and the laws that govern the European artists, 
their paintings have a grotesque and unnatural appearance; yet 
in their coloring they are sometimes very harmonious, and 
always exceedingly brilliant. Quick at imitating, they are 
great adepts at copying. 

The importance of general education was felt long since in 
China. It is said an ancient system of instruction, established 
long before the Christian era, required that every town and 
village, even where only a few families dwelt, should have its 
common school. The wealthy employ private teachers, and 
the day schools are so well attended that the fees are very small. 
In the large cities and towns evening schools are open, that 
those who are compelled to work during the day may not be 
deprived of the advantages of an education. One of their 
"Josh houses," or temples of worship, that I frequently 
visited, was not very large, but it contained a very elabo- 
rately carved and gilded room, painted in the most brilliant 
and fanciful manner, in designs elaborate and grotesque. 
Numerous characters were inscribed on the walls, and at one 
end, seated cross-legged, on an altar, richly gilt, was a big- 
bellied bronze statue. On this statue the gilt and paint work 
was laid without stint. Around the god were clustered several 
smaller statues, as though in the act of paying homage to it. 
Several colored lanterns were kept constantly burning in the 
room, also numerous bundles of '"Josh" sticks. These latter 
are small splinters of scented wood. A devotee lights his 
sticks, and as they burn and fumigate the room with their 
aromatic scent, a not unpleasant smell, he kneels on the mats 
and offers up his prayers. All the Chinese houses and boats 
contain one or more idols, and the "Josh" sticks are kept 
almost constantly burning, to drive away the evil spirit and 
protect the inmates from harm and danger. 

One of the most pleasing traits of the Chinese character is 
the respect paid to old age; this respect is inculcated in their 
youth, and in every town and village the oldest persons are 
treated with the greatest respect anil consideration; not on 
account of rank or wealth, but for their age. Everyone gives 
way for the old, and they are indulged in every possible man- 
ner. Such has been the custom for ages. ( )ld men and 
women who have lived to a remarkable age have been rewarded 
by the emperor and arrayed in yellow, the imperial color. 
Family festivals are frequently held, at which time the children 
offer gifts and proffer other tokens of their respect and esteem 
to their elders. All Chinese who can afford it purchase during 
their lifetime their coffins. These coffins are nearly square, 
very large and, thick; and so Carefully cemented together that 



the bodies may be kept in them without burial. Usually they 
are elaborately ornamented and painted. They believe that 
to neglect the tombs of their ancestors, would be followed by 
the most dire misfortunes, consequently the ceremonies con- 
nected with the treatment of the dead and the funeral services 
are very imposing. An English writer has aptly said: "They 
are the oldest civilized nation in the world, they have honored 
their fathers and their mothers, and their days have been long 
in the land." 



.a. sonsra- 



BV LIBRA. 



[Tune:— "A Starry -%/</, etc."\ 

Lkt's not give way to discord, 

To envy hate and strife, 
Rut listen to the spirit 

Wake up to light and life. 
And hasten on the coming 

Of Jesus Christ our Lord, 
And never cease our efforts 

Till peace to earth's restore, I 

We're something like old Israel 

When in the wilderness: 
For forty year- we've wandered, 

Seen trouble and distress; 
We've learned some useful lesson 

With sad experience taught, 
And oft indulged our passions 

And not dune as we ought.. 

We've need of reformation, 

The greatest and tile least, 
Before we can from darkness 

And bondage he releas'd 
Let's raise the gospel standard 

And not seek after pelf; 
Each make the resolution 

To reform his own dear self. 



Thk Pear Trek. — Old Rupert sat at the close of the day. 
in the shade of a beautiful pear tree, winch stood before the 
house, while his grandson ate of the pears, and could not cease 
praising the sweet fruit. Then said the grandfather: 

"I must tell you how this big tree came hen-. < hie evening-, 
more than fifty years ago, I stood here where there was empty 
space, but where nowthis pear tree stands, and complained to 
a rich neighbor of my poverty. '<>!' said I, 'how perfectly 
contested should I be. if I only could possess one hundred 
dollars." The neighbor, who was a wise man, said: 

" 'That you can easily do if you only set about it. See.' said 
ho, 'there in the soil where you stand, are more than a hundred 
dollars, if you only can get them.' 

"At that time 1 was only a foolish young num. and so in the 
following night I dug in the ground on the spot, and to my 
great mortification found not a single dollar. In the morning 
the neighbor saw where I had been digging, and laughed heart- 
ily at my simplicity. 

"'I see' said he. 'that you did not understand me. I will 
send you a young pear tree; set that in the hole which you 
have dug, and after a year the dollars will begin to appear.' 

"I set OUt the young tree. It grew and became what you 
now see it. The luscious fruit which it has borne year after 
year has brought me in far more than a hundred dollars, and it 
is yet a capital which yearly brings a good interest." 

THE LIBRARY OF THE 



DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION BOARD 
00 NORT I I MA I N 5 TRE€> — 




■ i i * r- 




162 



JUVEUILE IUSTRUCTOB 




PURPOSE. 




One of the most beautiful and interesting stories to be found 
in any book is that of Daniel, the captive boy, who was 
carried prisoner from the land of Judea to Babylon. We find 
it written in the book of Daniel in the Bible. 

Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, besieged Jerusalem and 
captured it. He took the king of Judah and many of the 
royal family captive. He gave orders to Ashpenaz, one of his 
servants, that he should select a number of the captive children, 
who were good looking and had good minds, and were we'l 
educated in the learning oi their own land, to be in his palace 
and to be taught the learning and language of the Chaldeans. 
They were to be trained in this manner for three years, and 
during that period they were to be fed in royal style — their 
food and their wine to be that of the king. The object of 
Nebuchadnezzar was doubt- 
less to have a number of wise, 
skillful, handsome men in 
these captives, who should 
adorn and add dignity to his 
court. 

Among those who were se- 
lected for this honor were 
Daniel and his three friends. 
They were boys of great, faith. 
They believed and trusted in 
the God of their fathers, who 
created the heavens and the 
earth. But Daniel purposed 
in his heart that he would not 
defile himself with this kind 
offood and drink. The lord- 
ly magnificence which he saw. 
and the splendid banquets 
which were spread for him- 
self and his companions to 
partake of, did net influence 
him to do what he thought t< 
be wrong. Many boys would 
have been delighted to eat al 
the good tiling prepared foi 
them. The various soups, 
the choice fish, the meats 
the vegetables, the fruits ol 
all kinds, and the pastry, can 
dies and sweetmeats, they 
would have eaten gladly, and washed them all down with 
bumpers of rare and costly wine furnished by the king. Had 
they wanted an excuse for eating these dainties, they could 
have .-aid: "The king hascommanded us to eat and drink these 
things, and we are his captives; if we refuse to do so, he will 
be angry with us and punish us." But this was not the case with 
Daniel. He saw the danger there was in this kind of life. If 
he should fall into the habits of the Chaldeans, he would soon 
be like them. If he yielded to the pleasures of the table, he 
would be in danger of yielding to other pleasures; for gross 
eating and drinking beget lust, and the young man who can 

not resist the one is not likely t sist the other. 

Daniel had found favor with Ashpenaz, and when he told 
him what he wished to do, he was disposed to gratify him and 
and his companions; but he feared the consequences. In those 
countries if a servant offended his lord, they had a prompt 
method of dealing with him— they sent an officer to cut off his 




head. Ashpenaz feared for his head. But Daniel told him 
and Melzar, the steward, to give him and his companions 
for ten days the food they wanted, and then they could compare 
their appearance with that of the children who ate the roya 
food. They consented to this proposal; and what kind of food 
do you think Daniel selected for himself and his companions? 
Out of the many varieties which were there, he selected 
pulse to eat and water to drink! We are not told exactly what 
this pulse was; but the general impression is that the food of 
Daniel and his companions was beans. It might have been 
cracked wheat. There is no one kind of food which combines 
s i many elements necessary to sustain man's body as wheat. 
The Lord says all grain is good for the food of man; but He 
mentions wheat as the grain specially designed for him. But 
whatever it was that Daniel selected, we may be sure of one 
thing, it was simple food; and, for drink, what could be more 

natural and simple than water? 
The t n days passed away. 
The food had been tried. 
Now for the results. The ex- 
amination of Daniel and his 
three companions was made. 
Their appearance was com- 
pared with that of the chil- 
dren who ate the king's food. 
You, children, who are fond 
of good eating, wdio like pies 
and cakes, candies, preserves, 
sweetmeats and every variety 
of food, who drink tea and 
coffee whenever you can get 
them, and would not refuse to 
drink wine if offered to you. 
tell us which of these boys 
would look the best? The 
boys who had all the "good 
things" they wanted, or the 
four who lived upon what 
some would call "horse feed?" 
We can imagine we hear some 
of our readers saying, "Oh! 
the boys wno had all the 
"good things" they desired 
would be the best fed. " 

Not so ! Daniel and his 
three friends were fatter and 
fairer than the others! The 
king's dainties and wine were not equal to the pulse and the 
water in producing clear skins and good looks. The king's 
officers were convinced of this, and that their heads were safe. 
Daniel and his three friends could have pulse and water after 
this to their hearts' content. Quite a triumph this for them. 
They had proved in the most conclusive manner that to pro- 
duce heilth and good looks plain food and drink are better 
than luxuries. But this was not all. The effect of this kind 
of food upon their minds was as remarkable as upon their 
bodies. We are told that God gave them knowledge and skill 
in all learning and wisdom, and Daniel had understanding in 
all visi ?ns and dreams. 

The time of training at length expired. The captives whom 
the king had taken such pains to feed and educate were called 
before him. The officers had no cause to fear for Daniel and 
his three friends. Their bodies were not corrupted or defiled 
by luxury. They had not fallen into any excesses. They 





-X TT \7~ IE UNf I LE INSTRUCTOR 




163 



enjoyed life as those could not who lived luxuriously. Full of 
life and health, they were cheerful and vigorous. Their appear- 
ance could not fail to impress the king.. He conversed with 
them, and among all the young men there was none found like 
these four. They excelled all, and they had honorable places 
assigned them. 

The Chaldeans of that day were celebrated for their know- 
ledge of art. No nation excelled them. They had trained 
magicians and astrologers, whose business it was to solve all 
difficult questions, to give the meaning of signs in the heavens 
and of dreams, and when anything unusual occurred to give an 
explanation of it. They were a very learned body of men, 
according to the learning of the world. But we are told that 
in all matters of wisdom and understanding upon which the 
king inquired of Daniel and his three companions, he found 
them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers 
that were in all his realm. 

We know of no better illustration than this of the good 
effects ot observing 

that which is known ^"^yn ^y^ <g^~^-_ 

among the Latter- /ftfpl^^^^^^ 
day Saints as the iM \ 
Word of Wisdom. 
Daniel observed the 
Word of Wisdom, 
and the Lord has 
said in that revela- 
tion that the Saints 
who observe it shall 
receive health and 
strength of body, 
and shall find wis- 
dom and great treas- 
ures of knowledge, 
even hidden treas- 
ures. We see that 
in the case of Daniel 
and his companions 
these promises were 
fulfilled. They were 
strong, healthy and 
handsome in body, 
and the hidden treas- 
ures of knowledge 
were opened to them. 
King Nebuchad- 
nezzar had a dream 

which he could not remember. He threatened to kill all the wise 
men of his kingdom unless they told him what the dream was 
and also the interpretation. They said if he would tell them 
the dream, they would give him the interpretation: but to tell 
him what he had dreamed, no man, they said, could do that. 
This made the king angry, and he ordered them all to be killed. 
Daniel and his friends besought the Lord to reveal the dream 
and the interpretation. The Lord did so to Daniel, and Daniel 
reported'theni U> the king. lie thus saved the lives of the 
wise men, and satisfied the king. Part of that dream we who 
live now are fulfilling. 



BETTER, ONE THZ^UST TWO- 





"Ali. Right." — When Andrew Johnson was President he is 
said to have commenced his reign by writing on the documents 
which he approved, ''Oil Korrect." But later he abbreviated 
it by writing "(>. EL" Hence the now common transatlantic 

pression for "all right" — "(). K." 



IN cities it is not uncommon for single people to hire apart- 
ments in which to live. Sometimes a number of persons 
will thus live together in one house. Men and women will 
only be separated from each other by partitions. We see in 
our illustration an instance of this kind. We have a glimpse 
given m of two rooms separated by a partition wall. In one 
a woman is sitting alone sewing; in the other a man is alone, 
cooking some article of food in a frying pan over his little stove. 
The man is a bachelor; the woman is a maid. They live 
solitary lives in their rooms, and the artist intends to convey a 
moral in his picture. It is that this couple had better be 
married and be one, than to live separate and be two. 

Look at the man's room, how untidy it is. His boots and 
boot-jac-k lie scattered on the floor, and his own appearance, as 
well as that of the room, gives evidence of the absence of 
woman's presence and care. The lady's room, on the contrary, 

is tidy and attractive. 
The books on the 
shelves, the pots of 
flowers and the pic- 
tures on the wall, are 
tokens of her taste. 
Her room is carpet- 
ed; while he lives on 
bare boards. With 
such a woman as she 
appears to be for a 
wife, he would not 
have after coming 
from bis work, to sit 
down over the stove 
to cook his meal. 
She would have that 
ready for him. And 
he, if he were a 
gentleman, would 
throw away that 
nasty old pipe and 
not Mm >ke in her 
presence. 

Like the artist we 
say; better one than 
two. 

Every young man 
should seek him a 
suitable partner for life and get married. There is a growing 
indifference to marriage all over the United States, and even 
in these valleys young men are not exempt from this feeling. 
The impression which now prevails in many quarters is that a 
young man must have a good outfit before he thinks of mar- 
riage. The outfit is all very well and not to be despised; but 
he who defers marriage until he secures it, is not very wise. 
There is nothing that binds a loving young couple together 
more than making joint exertions to create a comfortable home. 
The privations which they endure and the sacrifices which they 
make in common, endear them to each other, and bonds of 
sympathy are created by such experience that draw husbands 
and wives very close to each other. 



THE wise man thinks he knows but little, the fool thinks he 
knows it all. 





164 



JUVEITILE INSTRUCTOR. 




mzmtmuvti 



-A. SHIPWRECK. 



K V A M A S A POT T E It . 




I Concluded. ; 

As soon as it was light, a company went in search of water, 
and dug and found it, just as Elder Penfolde had been 
told they should. On their return to camp they found a large 
turtle and succeeded in killing and dressing it. It was very fat 
and fine meat, and weighed about six hundred pounds. So we 
had a good breakfast of turtle meat and cold water to drink: 
we blessed it and gave God the thanks for our deliverance this 
time. 

Tho captain had saved his quadrant, and he found by taking 
an observation of the sun that we were about five hundred 
miles from the south end of the Sandwich Islands and about 
two hundred miles from Otehita. So the captain concluded to 
fit up the life boat, and go in search of a ship. If he did not 
find one he would try to get to the Sandwich Islands. So on 
the second day after our arrival on the sand-bar our captain, 
the first and second mates, and two of our brethren set sail in 
the life boat to find help. We all invoked the blessing of the 
Lord upon them, and they were soon out of our sight in a fail- 
easterly wind. 

Twenty-one days past, and we spent our time walking about 
on the hot sand, and amusing ourselves the best that we could. 
An old turtle was captured and killed every morning, which 
served us for food through the day. These turtles would meas- 
ure six feet across the back, and all of them were just about 
of the same size, weighing about six hundred pounds. 

On the morning of the twenty-second day of our castaway 
life on the lonesome island our brethren went out as usual to 
kill the day's provisions, but, behold, there was no turtle to be 
found, and they came back and reported their failure. ( )ur 
little band of seventy-one souls looked very sad, for if that 
source was cut off we must all perish. 

While we were yet talking and counseling on what to do 
next one of our partv cried out: "I see a sail!" We all 
looked, and saw a ship bearing down on the island. We 
raised a signal of distress, and they sent a boat ashore. There 
was great rejoicing among -our half-starved party to see our 
new friends and think of our bright prospect for deliverance 
from that desolate prison. When the captain of the shin 
heard the tale of our terrible shipwreck, he ordered his sailors 
to bring us all on board of his ship, and ordered something to 
be prepared for us to eat, and we all partook of a good, hearty 
meal once more. Then he ordered his sailors to divide their 
clothing with our party, for up to this time nearly all were in 
their night clothes. Strange to say. all that had been saved 
from the watery grave were yet alive, even the little children. 
Although we were tanned till we were almost as dark as 
Indians, we were quite healthy, and rejoiced in our emancipa- 
tion from the terrible death that threatened us. 

When our little party had partaken freely of the hospitality 
of our new friends and were made comfortable, the captain called 
us all together, and said: "I have a curious dream to tell von, 
which is all now fulfilled. I have been from home about eight 
months, on a whaling voyage. When about two hundred 
miles north of here I dreamed that a friend came to me anil 
said: 'I want you to come with me to release some of our 
nds from a desolate island.' I awoke, anil thought nothing 



more of it. The next night when I turned in I had hardly 
got into a sound sleep when the same personage came to my 
bed again, and called me very sharply, saying: 'Get up quickly 
and go with me, for there are seventy-one precious souls on a 
desolate island, and you must take them off and carry them to 
America.' I arose in my bunk, and asked: 'Where shall I go?' 
The voice came again, saving: 'You must sail south-west by 
south two hundred miles, and you will find them.' I arose 
early the next morning, and told my mates that I was going 
two hundred miles south, to catch whales. They all laughed 
at me, and said: The old skipper is going crazy I' But I gave 
the order to tack ship.' gave the course, and in a few minutes 
we were under full sail in this direction. Just before I saw 
you I had about decided to turn back, thinking that I had 
been deceived by a frenzied brain, but I must say when I 
dropped anchor near the liar that you were on. and looked at you 
through my telescope, and saw your condition and nakedness. 
I could not help weeping for you." 

After all our party had places assigned to them on the ship, 
the captain gave orders to weigh anchor. So the anchor was 
raised, the sails unfurled to the breeze and we set out in a 
north-east by east direction, heading for the port of San Diego. 

Thirty days passed away and we had a pleasant voyage and 
no more accidents. We all arrived in the port in safety and 
went ashore, and the people, seeing our condition, got up some 
subscriptions and gave us clothing and homes for the time being. 

Our noble captain, after getting some supplies, set out on 
his whaling voyage again. We all bade him God speed, and 
soon his clipper bark faded from our view in the distance. 

I will now return to our little party that went with Captain 
Bond in the life-boat to get relief for our suffering band on the 
island. They experienced many gales and storms and came 
near being drowned many times, but their little craft carried 
them safely through every peril. At many times they saw 
ships sailing at a distance, but could not attract their atten- 
tion. Twenty-one days after parting with us on the sand-bar 
they landed on the south end of one of the Sandwich Islands. 
They were much fatigued, and almost starved, and worse than 
all, when the authorities of the port saw them and heard their 
tale they took them up for spies or runaway sailors, and put 
them in prison, instead of sending a ship to help the suffering. 
They lay in prison until the news came to them that our pil- 
grims had arrived in America. 

Then the authorities took oitr friends out of prison and were 
forced to believe what they had told them about the ship- 
wreck. They did what they could to help the poor fellows 
then by furnishing them a free passage to San Francisco, Cali- 
fornia, where they met many friends who assisted them in their 
needs. 

A Living Pop gun. — There is a little fish, the chsetodon, 
abounding in the eastern seas, from Ceylon to Japan, which 
secures its prey by means of an instrument like the blowpipe 
used by mischievous school boys for projecting peas and other 
means of torment. The nose of the fish is a kind of beak, 
through which he has the power of propelling a drop of water 
with force enough to disable a fly, preparatory to swallowing 
it. His aim is accurate, and rarely misses his object. 
The unsuspecting fly sits on a spray of weed, a twig, or a tuft 
of grass near the water, pluming himself in the warm rays of 
the sun. The fish cautiously places himself under the fly, 
stealthily projects his tube from the water, takes niire aim and 
lets fly. Down drops the little innocent to be swallowed by the 
li-h. 






JUVEHILE UsTSTRUCTOE- 



165 




T .A. IP IP 1 1ST <3- .A. GUTTA 

PBBOHA TIRZEIE. 



I 



T is astonishing how soon a usaful tiling becomes a matter of 
necessity. If we were reqnir J to part to-day with all those 
articles of household furniture which have come into ute 
within the last half century, we should undoubtedly consider 
existence bereft of a large portion of its comfort. 

The elastic gum known in common parlance a; india-rubber, 
and in the books as 
caoutchouc, and its 
near relative gutta- 
percha, are so familiar 
in various forms to 
every man, woman 
and child, that it is 
difficult to believe that 
their use was almost 
unknown previous to 
1820. Indeed gutta- 
percha was nit intro- 
duced into in ii ufi - 
torits until after 1S4 ! L 

The treasfrom which 
these gums exude are 
very numerous in the 
temperate and tropic 
climates, but it is only 
in the latter that the 
milky juice is suffi- 
ciently abunlant to be 
of commercial impor- 
tance- The natives of 
those eount.'ies from 
whici thase products 
come, were aware Oi 
some of their valua- 
ble properties and 
made use of them in a 
rude way, many years 
before they came to the 
knowledge of the more 
intelligent foreigner. 

A species of fig-tree, 
which abounds in the 
East Indies, furnishes 
large quantities of the 
caoutchouc, and there 
are several orders of 
trees whose hard bo- 
tanical names it is not 
worth while to try to 
remember, which con- 
tribute to make up the 
supply which is obtain- 
ed in various parts of South America and the large topical 
islands. The trees are taliped by incision through the bark to 
the wood, and the milky juice captured in its e cape through 
the openings. This juice is allowed to stand a little time, and 
the caoutchouc, which is diffused through it in the form of 
minute globules, rises cream-like to the surface, after which it- 
is skimmed off and dried. , In some places the juice, as it 
exudes, is subject to an evaporating process without waiting 
'or the solid particles to rise to the top. The methods of 




preparing the raw material for ma.ket are various; and the 
substances with which it is combined to suit it for different 
purposes are almost innumerable. Its perfect insolubility in 
water early brought it into use in making water-proof cloth and 
shoes. For this purpo e the puiified gum is treated with some 
solvent, turpentine being the most generally employed on account 
o!' its cheapness, a'though quite objectionable from the odor 
whit h it leave.-. Ether, which has not that objection, has been 
c .nsidered too expeii i e. The solution is spread on the fabric 

which is then passed 
between rollers to se- 
cure an even distribu- 
tion of the caoutchouc. 
Sometimes two pieces 
of cloth treated in this 
manner are united by 
their coated surfaces, 
and being h ea v i 1 y 
rolled or pressed to- 
gether become double 
water- proof or rubber 
cloth, but without per- 
fect success. Its pres- 
ence is speedily re- 
vea'el to the sens' t'.ve 
nostril by a little 
warmth, however care- 
fdly the rubber may 
havabeen deodorized. 
In 1839, Mr. Charles 
Goodyear of New York 
obtained a patent for 
vulcanizing caout- 
chouc, which is a proc- 
ess of combining it 
with ui'phur. Until 
tiiis time the province 
of this valuable gum 
was limited, but Mr. 
Goodyear' s discovery 
opened for it a field of 
which it has not even 
now taken full posses- 
ion. The catalogue 
of articles in common 
use made of vulcanized 
rubber would undoubt- 
ed'y surprise a'most 
e\ e y one. Modified 
in connection with dif- 
ferent chemicals it can 
\>! made to serve al- 
most any purpose. If 
you ask fur elasticity 
you can have it. If for 
I rigidity, presto, change ! and your humble servant is before 
you. It can be made dense and compact, can be prepared to 
receive the highest polish, and rivals the most expensive jet in 
many forms of jewelry. The library table is its debtor. There 
are pen-handles and pencil- jases moulded into light and beau- 
tiful forms — the eraser for their mistakes, and bands to secure 
erratic papers. The book that opens so freely and flexibly 
that it is a pleasure to turn its leaves has them secured with 
, rubber. It will greet you at the dinner-table, if indeed y 






166 



JUYE1TILE HvTSTBUCTOR. 




are not indebted to it for the enjoyment of viands which time 
has prevented your enjoying by natural means. The appoint- 
ments of your toilet-table are far more durable and cleanly, 
since this vegetable has supplanted the animal product in their 
manufacture. You may not recognize its agency when you 
remark the easy roll of your carriage, and the smoothness of 
your rapid railroad journey, but the rubber-springs and buffers 
would tell you that it is to them you owe the comfort. Your 
daily paper would scarcely be able to inform you as you eat 
your breakfast what the European statesmen accomplished 
in their midnight meetings, nor could you relate your daily 
business affairs according to the present condition of the foreign 
markets were it not that the reports can safely take the 
oceanic voyage in the snug dry channel which this same sub- 
stance makes for it. 

You may use it for pavements and door-mats, and after sub- 
jecting it to every indignity it will suddenly confront you in 
some delicate piece of ornament or luxury. Your surgeon, 
should you be so unfortunate as to need one, will open a case 
of instruments in which no other material serves a more im- 
portant purpose than this same rubber. From the nursery 
you would hear a loud outery if you should banish the inde- 
structible toys which owe their existence to Mr. Goodyear. 

A us), not so extensive, but of quite as great significance to 
the scientific world as most that have been mentioned, is that 
by which rubber is made to enlarge or contract a map or 
drawing. A sheet of well-vulcanized rubber is equally elastic 
throughout and a map drawn upon it may be enlarged with 
mathematical accurancy by stretching the sheet in a frame to 
the required size. In a reverse manner the drawing may be 
placed upon a stretched sheet and allowed to contract. Much 
expense has been saved by this simple method, which would 
otherwise have been required for the redrawing of valuable 
surveys. Photography .'ought to perform this duty but proved 
costly and inaccurate. 

Gutta-percha, which differs from rubber in some essential 
particulars, is so allied to i h . that the two a: e constantly con- 
founded. They serve many purposes equally well, but gutta- 
percha has disappointed its friends where they hoped much 
for it. It is said to become oxidized and to decompose more 
readily than caoutchouc and that the latter is already taking 
the place for which gutta-percha was at its introduction 
esteemed perferable. 

Since it has already accomplished so much it will be a 
surprising statement to most persons, that "it is believed by 
every one at all connected with its manufacture that it is still 
in its infancy." Elf-like it needs but the charmed touch of 
some new chemical to cause it to spring forth in a form of 
unexpected utility. 



( iiniii JUDGMENT. — A poor man being very hungry, staid so 
long in a conk's shop, wherein meat was bejng dished up, that 
his stomach was satisfied with only the smell thereof. The 
choleric cook demanded of him to pay for his breakfast: the 
poor man denied having had any. and tin- controversy was 
referred to the next man that should pass by, who chanced to 
be the most notorious idiot in tin- city. He, on the relation 
of the matter, determined that the poor man's money should 
be put between two empty dishes, ami the cook should be 

recompensed by the jingling of the p ■ man's money, as 

he was satisfied with the smell of the cook's meat. 




11k has hard work who has nothing to i 



tniiann mii jlnswers 



OUST THE 

book: oif 1 :mi o :r, im: o zlst 



REIGS OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXVII. 

Q.— Did Zoram and his sons with their armies do as the Lord had 
said? 

A.— Yes; and the Lamanites were scattered and driven into the 
wilderness. 

Q.— How many of their brethren who had been taken captives 
did the Nephites take^ 

A. — Every one. 

Q.— In what year of the reign of the judges was this? 

A. — The eleventh year. 

Q.— What event occurred in this year which should be remem- 
bered? 

A.— The destruction of the people and city of Ammonihah? 

Q. — Why was this? 

A.— The people hardened their hearts against the word of God 
and would not repent. 

Q.— By what name was the land of Ammonihah afterwards 
known? 

A. — The desolation of Nehors. 

Q. — Why was it thus called? 

A.— Because those who were destroyed were of the profession 
of Nehor. 

Q. — When peace was restored in the land what did Alma and 
Amulek do? 

A. — They went forth through the land preaching repentance to 
the people. 

Q. — What was the result of their labors? 

A. — The church was established throughout the land among the 
Nephites. 

Q. — As Alma was traveling towards the land of Manti whom 
did he meet? 

A. — The sons of Mosiah. 

Q.— Where wpre they going? 

A. — Towards the land of Zarahemla. 

y. — At what previous time had they been with Alma? 

A.— At the time when the angel first appeared unto him. 

Q. — What were Alma's feelings on beholdine his friends? 

A. — He rejoiced exceedingly. 

Q.— Did the sons of Mosiah believe the word of God? 

A.— Yes: they had been teaching it for fourteen years to the 
Lamanites. 

Q.— What did they do in the first vear of the reign of the 
judges? 

A. — They took their swords, bows and spears and went into the 
wilderness. 

Q. — What was their object in taking weapons with them? 

A. — To provide food fur themselves while journeying in the 
wilderness. 

Q.— Where did they goi 

A.— To the land of Nephi to preach to the Lamanites. 

Q. — What did they do in the wilderness? 

A. — They fasted much and prayed to the Lord. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — That the Lamanites might be brought to a knowledge of 
the truth. 

Q. — Did the Lord hear their prayers? 

A. — He did and told them to go forth and establish his work in 
the land. 

Q— How did the sons of Mosiah and those who were with them 
feel when they heard this? 

A. — They were greatly encouraged. 

Q. — Did they enter the land of the Lamanites together? 

A. — No, they separated, hoping to meet again. 





CTTT^T IE3 IN" I ID IE I1TSTBUCTOR 



167 




! ties! 10 n^ anil %,u&wtv$ 

OUST TZHZIE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONCLUDED. 




LESSON" LXVII. 

Q.— What is the fifth book of Moses called? 

A. — Deuteronomy. 

Q. — What is contained in the first thirty chapters? 

A. — Moses reviews the history of God's dealing with the chil- 
dren ot Israel, and gives them commandments and instructions 
for the future. 

Q. — After this what did Moses say unto Joshua in the sight of 
all Israel? 

A. — "Be strong and of a good courage; for thou must go with 
this people unto the land which the Lord hath shown unto their 
fathers to give them; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it." 

Q. — After Moses wrote this law to whom did he deliver it? 

A. — To the priests, the sons of Levi. 

Q. — How often were they to read it to the pe >ple? 

A. — At the end of every seven years. 

Q. — How many of the people were to assemble tor this purpose? 

A. — All Israel, men, women and children, and also the stranger 
within their gates. 

Q. — Why does it say the law was thus read to the people? 

a. — ''That their children which have not known anything, may 
bear, and learn to fear the Lord your God, as long as ye live in 
the land, whither ye go over Jordan to possess it." 

Q. — What did Moses write and teach the children of Israel? 

A. — A song, concerning the mercies andjudgments of God. 

Q. — For what purpose was this song made by Moses? 

A. — As a witness for the Lord against the children of Israel, if 
they transgressed His law. 

Q. — What did Moses say unto the people when he had -poken 
all the words of the Lord? 

A. — "Set your hearts unto all the words which I testify among 
you this day, which ye shall command your children to observe 
to do, all the words of this law. For it is not a vain thing for 
you; because it is your life." 

Q. — What was the last ministration of Moses, the man of God. 
before his death? 

A. — He blessed the twelve tribes of Israel. 

Q. — What mountain did Moses go up to from the plains of 
Moab? 

A. — Mount Nebo. 

Q. — What did the Lord show unto Moses when he was there? 

A. — All the land which he had sworn to give unto Abraham. 
Isaac and Jacob for an everlasting inheritance. 

Q. — What then happened unto Moses? 

A. — He died according to the word of the Lord. 

Q. — Where was he buried? 

A. — In a valley in the land of Moab. 

Q. — How old was Moses when he died? 

A. — One hundred and twenty years. 

Q. — What description is given of him at that age? 

A. — "His eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated." 

Q. — How long did the children of Israel weep and mourn for 
Moses? 

A.— Thirty days. 

Q. — What is said concerning Joshua? 

A. — That he was full of the spirit of wisdom. 

Q. — What cause is given? 

A. — "For Moses had laid his hands upon him?" 

Q. — Were the children of Israel obedient unto Joshua? 

A. — Yes, they "hearkened unto him, and did as the Lord com- 
manded Moses." 

Q. — What remarkable is said of Moses at the close of his life'' 

A. — "And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like unto 
scs. whom the Lord knew face to face" 




SAL V_A.TO:R, ROSA. 



From Chambers' Miscellany. 



(Concluded.) 

LANFRANCO was one day riding through Naples, when 
he was struck by the beauty of a painting hanging at 
the door of one of the small shops. He stopped, and 
ordered it to be brought to him. The subject was "Hagar 
in the Wilderness;" and the figure of the unfortunate woman 
was so beautiful, that Lanfranco was convinced it was executed 
by a person of no ordinary talent. He inquired the name of 
the artist, and immediately commanded his pupils to buy 
whatever paintings they found bearing the name of "Salvator- 
iello," for such was the superscription on that of "Hagar." 

The demand was now great for our hero's pictures, and 
consequently his gains increased, and with these his industry 
and courage. But his path was not, vet smooth. Thepupilsof 
Lanfranco became jealous of this new rival, and laughed at 
him for the poverty which had forced him to sell his pictures 
to so inferii ir a class of tradesmen. Salvatc ir re] died with bitter 
sarcasms: he wrote epigrams, and even set them to music, but 
only increased the number of his enemies thereby. He had 
but one friend, Falcone, a painter, whose talent lay in the 
representation of war-pieces. This man generously allowed 
Salvator to study with him, and even introduced him to the 
courtpainter, Spagnoletto: but all this did him no good; he 
could not obtain regular employment; and famine attacked 
those for whom he was laboring. Determined to leave no 
chance of advancement untried, he resolved to go to Rome, 
and in his twentieth year he left the sunny town of Naples. 
He entered the "Eternal City" with his portfolio in his hand, 
and took up his abode in a small inn. with hardly money 
enough to defray his necessary expenses. Here he remained 
f:>r some time, taking sketches of the country round, which he 
sold to the Jews for a paltry sum. His spirits at last became 
damped, his hopes blasted, and a terrible fever laid him on a 
bed of sickness. He was kindly taken care of by one of the 
charitable institutions in Rome. His life was saved; but his 
attendants recommended his returning to his native air. as the 
only means of preserving his health. 

On reaching home. Salvator found that poverty had driven 
his mother to take refuge with her brother, and that his sister 
and her husband Prancanzani were in the deepest misery. 
He resolutely determined to battle against misfortune; and. 
actuated by family affection, he entered with fresh zeal on his 
employment. The painters of Naples were, however, still his 
enemies, ami their malice spared no opportunity of injuring 
him. Falcone stood his friend; but how could one person 
stem the tide of popular feeling? Salvator' s health and spirits 
were fast yielding to the influence of despair, when the 
Cardinal Brancaccia sent to Naples for a young man to take 
charge of his household. A young fellow-student of our hero's 
was appointed to this situation, and having always entertained 
a respect for Salvator, asked him to accompany him to Koine, 
and gave him an apartment in the cardinal's house. Here he 
worked night and day; but for some months after his arrival, 
hi' did not succeed in procuring the patronage of any one able 
to rescue him from bis obscure Situation, At last he was pres- 
ented to the cardinal, who. at once discerning the talents of t 





168 



-TTT'VIE^TIILjIE htstbtjotor 





artist, gave him orders to paint the portico of the Brancaccia 
palace in fresco. He succeeded so well, that he was employed 
to paint an altar-piece for the church of Viterbo. One day. 
while he was at work upon this, he attracted the attention of 
Antonio Abbati, one of the fashionable poets of the day, who 
ever remained a steady friend to him, having been pleased not 
only with his talents, but with his modesty and gentleness. 

As soon as Salvator had finished this task he returned to 
Naples, where he found his brother-artists still quarreling one 
with another. Meanwhile the patrons of art at Home had 
instituted two public exhibitions of paint'.ngs in that city, and 
a picture which Salvator had sent to a friend at Rome was 
placed in the hall of exhibition. It decided his fate: the best 
judges placed it above the paintings of Titian in merit, and 
nought was heard but praises and applause. No sooner did 
these reach our hero than be quitted Naples, and hired a home 
in Rome, where he received the visits, and secured the friend- 
ship, of all the great men of the day. Not only as a painter 
was he admired, but as a poet, a musician, and a man of general 
knowledge and acquirement. 

In the midst of these happy days arrived the Carnival of 
1639. The Carnivals of Rome were then, as now. very famous 
and all the great men of the day contributed to the general 
amusement. Plays were performed, and cars drawn through 
the streets, in which were men wearing masks, who danced, 
sung and acted. Among these, at the Carnival to which we 
aljude, was an actor, who annouced himself as a Signor For- 
mico from Naples. He attracted the attention of all present 
by bis wit. eloquence, an 1. above all, by his songs, which he 
accompanied by the lute. Various were the conjectures as to 
whom- what this Signor Formico really was; and what was 
the surprise of the people when, on the last day of the Carnival. 
he removed bis mask, ami i'i played tie we'.'-known features of 
Salvator Rosa, the painter! 

All Rome was now filled with bis fame, and there was no 
longer any doubt <>(' his obtaining that high rank which bis 
ambition had so long desired in vain. No sooner was the 
Carnival past, than Salvator applied himself with increased 
diligence to his art.- and numerous and beautiful were the 
pictures sen! forth from his easel. Poverty was now unknown 
i , h'ni, and he became remarkable for the elegance of his 
dr is arid habits. Men of talent flocked around him, and bis 
musical acquirements procured him admittance into the highe i 
society. Orders lor pictures increased in number, and he w is 
at tin' height of hi- fame, when he received intelligence that 

his c itrymen, the Neapolitans, headed by the fisherman 

Masaniello, had rebelled against the foreign tyrants who had so 
long bold tbriii iii subjection. Shutting up his dwelling, he 
started immediately for his native city, and joining the insur- 
gents, became one of Masaniello s best soldiers. The rebellion 
was quelled by the death of its leader, and Salvator ami his 
friend Falcone escaped to Rome. 

No sooner was his return made known, than bis friends 
crowded around him, and he detailed, without any regard to 

prudence, the events in which be bad borne a -bare. With his 
iniii 1 heated by ideas of liberty and patriotism, be published 
several satires, and even painted and exhibited two pictures in 
the highest degree satirical, and even libelous. One of the 
cardinals took offense, and had it not been for the intervention 
of a friend. Salvator would have been thrown into a dungeon. 
This friend, Giovanni dei Medici, offered him an abode at 
Florence, and thither he fled. That city was the residence of 
most of the celebrated men of the age, and Salvator found 
hiui-elf received with triumph by all. He still continued his 



professional labors, and the prices of his pictures became exor- 
bitant. 

At length our hero became weary of Florence, and in the 
year 1652 he returned to Rome: bis enemies were either dead 
or dispersed, and he was again received with honor, and 
employed to paint even by foreign monarchs; but fresh perse- 
cutions arose, and again be fled to Florence. While there, he 
turned his attention to etching, and produced some most 
berutiful engravings. 

Soon after this, Salvator returned to Rome to die. His 
faculties were becoming dimmed, his energy was gone, and he 
sunk into a state of complete listlessriess; Disease was found 
to exist, and the ea>e was declared incurable. He suffered 
fearful pain for several days, and at last, just as the priest was 
about to administer the sacrament to him, he breathed his 
last, aged fifty-eight. His body lay in state in the church of 
Santa Maria, and was afterwards interred in the vestibule of 
that edifice. A monument was eree'ed tohis memory, arid his 
bu>t was placed upon his tomb. We wi'l firis'i th's short 
notice hi' a few remarks upon his character, given by one of his 
biographers. • "He was a man full of warm affection; tender to 
those whom he loved; charitable, gracious, and generous; an 
enemy to falsehood, and eminent in whatever he turned his 
attention to. " Here, then, we will take our leave of one of the 
most extraordinary men the world has ever produced; one 
whose life is an evidence to us of the power which determin- 
ation and perseverance have in overcoming obstacles, and in 
leading man to even the highest pinnacle of tame. 



SUITIDAY LESSONS 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



I - o X I X, 

Q.— Who sent the angels to tell him? 

A.— Tiie Lord. 

Q.— "What angels \ ■ ' \ the Lord to gi J i eph ihe. 
power and authority of the Holy Priesth I? 

A. — Peter, James and John. 

( 2- — We hi -/ ki i ' fore, as men; who were they? 

A.— Apostles of Jesus when he lived upon the earth. 

Q.— How did they give the authority of the priesthood to 
Joseph/ 

A. — They laid their hands upon him and blest him. 

Q. — After ihey had done so, what rested upon him? 

A. -The Holy Ghost. 

Q.— What is the Holy Ghost? 

A.— The spirit of God. 



* No person has a right to do as he pleases except when 
pleases to do right. 



vTUAXIENIIjIE] I1TSTRTJGTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



-EGaCE 0- CANtfON, fcDiro* <fc PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Singh Coj/y, per Annum - - $2 00. 

_®S-Otfice, Sooth Temple Street, ono block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




