^>fcj 



^ 



Qlmss t0 i\t l^ori! 











VOL. 7 SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, SEPTEMBER U, 1872. NO. 19. 



IDTJI^I?.E2srS'"X'EITSr. 



*< 



IF any of you young folks who read this ever have an oppor- 
tunity of traveling over the continent of Europe, and it is 
very likely you ■will, as missionaries, if no other way, you will 
see in various portions of 
it, old castles and strong- 
holds, many of them in 
ruins, which, in their gen- 
eral outlines, resemble Dur- 
renstcin, represented in the 
accompanying engraving. 
In England, Scotland, 
Wales, Germany, France 
and Austria there are very 
many of these castles, for 
in all those countries, and 
in fact in every country of 
Europe what is called the 
feudal system once flourish- 
ed, and wherever this has 
been the case these castles 
are numerous. 

It may perhaps be as 
well to give you a few 
words to explain what the 
feudal system was. In 
former times the people 
living in the European na- 
tions were divided into 
separate clans or tribes, 
each one acknowledging its 
own chief or head, some- 
thing after the fashion of 
the American Indians now. 
Most of you, have no doubt 
read of the Saxon Hept- 
archy — the foundation of 
the present powerful king- 
dom of Great Britain — it 
was nothing more than a 
number of petty tribes of 
Saxons, who, settled in dif- 
ferent parts of the island, 
were governed by their 
several leaders or chiefs — 
freebooters who had led 
them from their native land to England. Tlio whole of EiiglunJ 
is not so large as Utah Territory, so you can ea.iily think that. 



when separated into seven or eight kingdoms, each one would 

be very small. It was a good dealt he same in other countries 

as well as in England — most of them were parcelled off into 

^^_ =^_^ districts, over which some 

lord, baron, freebooter or 
robber, by the aid of his 
followers, maintained a 
rude kind of sovereignty or 
authority. In such a con- 
dition of society, each of 
these petty chiefs or rulers 
found it necessary to build 
himsLir a castle or strong- 
hold, to shelter and defend 
himself and followers from 
the attacks of rival chief- 
tains, lu process of time 
some one or more of these 
petty chiefs would over- 
come one after another of 
the chiefs around, until 
finally all would be brought 
into subjection to one, and 
hn, under the name of king, 
would allow these conquer- 
ed chiefs to retain a certain 
amount of lordship or au- 
thority within the domains 
they formerly called their 
own, on condition that 
when their acknowledged 
head or king should be 
engaged in war, they sliould 
make common cause witli 
him, and at the same time 
furnish and support so 
many fi.L^hting uien, who 
shduld constitute the king's 
army. This was the foun- 
dation of the feudal system, 
and under it such places as 
Durrenstcin wore necessary 
and numerous. They were 
generally built on some 
point very dilRcult of access, 
and were surrounded with battlements or ramparts, in which 
holes were bored, so that in case of siege, those withiu the walls 




13^— 



^^ 



146 



J" TJ ^ E IN" I L E IISrSTI^TJOTOIS/. 



n^^ 



might be able to resist, and yet be screened from, the attacks of 
their assailants. 

But now for something about Durrensteio. It has no doubt 
■withstood many a siege, and been the theatre of many a hard 
fought encounter; but one circumstance, more- than all others in 
its history, has helped to make it noted, and that was the 
imprisonment within its walls of the English king, Eichard the 
Fii-st, nicknamed liiehard of the lion heart, who lived and died 
in the 12th century. 

In Eichard's da.v, those foolish and cruel expeditions, called 
the Crusades, were at their hight; and Eiehard, being a war- 
rior by nature, led an army to the Holy Land, the rulers of 
France and Austria joining in the expedition. On their way to 
the Holy Land the sovereigns quarrelled a good deal, for 
each was high spirited and ambitious, and jealous of the other. 
When they reached the battle ground, the standard of Austria 
was planted on the walls of St. Joan d'Acre and, by order of 
Eichard, was thrown therefrom into a ditch. This gave 
great offence to the Austrian, whom Eichard subsequently 
lifted his foot and kicked, which caused mortal hatred between 
them. 

To make you understand more fully what has yet to come 
about Eichard's imprisonment in Durrenstein, we must inform 
you that, some time after his dejiarture from England, his 
brother John, surnamed Lackland, one of the meanest and most 
unworthy men that ever owned the title of prince or exercised 
kingly authority, succeeded, by means of a letter signed with a 
forged signature of Eichard, in gaining possession of the throne, 
and one of the great objects for which ho afterwards labored 
was to prevent Eichard regaining possession of it. 

We will now return to Cceur de Lion, whom we left in Pales- 
tine fighting the Turks and quarrelling with the Austrian. The 
divisions among the Christians prevented their arms being as 
successful as they might have been, and the Frenchman returned 
before the close of the campaign. Eichard of England finally 
concluded a truce with the Sultan Saladin, and also prepared 
to return home. Traveling nearly seven hundred years ago 
was a very different thing from what it is now. It was neiihor 
so direct, quick nor safe; and Eichard, on his way to Eng- 
land, had to pa^s through the dominions of the Austrian whose 
person he had kicked, and whose standard he had thrown into 
the dust. Here was a chance for revenge that human nature 
could not withstand, and though the English king traveled 
disguised, so as to appear like an ordinary person, his movements 
were closely watched. Aware of his danger, when he reached 
A'ienua he kept concealed, but was finally discovered by the 
indiscretion of his servant, who was seen one day carrying his 
master's gloves, beautiful and expensive gloves being worn in 
those days only by persons of hiiih degree. 

Eichard was arrested, and placed in safe keeping in the Cas- 
tle of Durrenstein, and lay there eighteen mouths before it was 
known in pjugland what had become of him ; and had ho not 
been discovered by accident, it is likely enough that he would 
have spent all his days and died in an Austrian prison, for his 
brother John, the u.surper, reigrjing in his stead in England, 
would never have troubled himself to find his brother, and in 
fact when it became known that Eichard was a i)risoner in 
Austria, it is a.sserted by historians that this miserable fellow 
did all he could to prevent his release. 

The story told of Eicliard's discovery is too beautiful and 
romantic, perhaps to be true, but si ill it is worth telling. In 
those early times musicians, called njinstrels and troubadours, 
■were great favorites at the courts of kings. Eichard had his 
favorite minstrel, and his name was Blondel, and between the 
king and the minstrel there seems to have been very strong 
affection; and when Eichard was imprisoned, none knowing 
where save those who captured him, it is said that the grief 
of the minstrel was inconsolable. He at length hit upon 
a plan to discover the whereabouts of his master, and that was 



^^. 



to travel through every country in Europe and, before every 
oastle and prison, to sing Eichard's favorite song, accompanying 
himself on his instrument, his belief being that if the king 
heard him, he would sing a verse in response. The tradi- 
tions of those times say that the minstrel carried out this 
plan, and never ceased until, he heard at Durrenstein what 
he had long and anxiously listened for — the voice of his be- 
loved master singing in answer to his own. 

True or fiilse the story is a beautiful one, and it is certainly 
true that Eichard's imprisonment at last became known, and 
that the Austrian ruler refused to liberate him unless a ransome 
of a hundred thousand pounds were paid to him. This was 
considered a very large sum then, being worth about five times 
that amount now, so you see it would be about equal to twenty- 
five hundred thousand dollars, and that is an enormous 
sum. Finally the money was raised in England, and paid to 
the Austrian prince, and Eichard Coeur de Lion was liberated, 
and as speedily as possible made his way to England. 

Durrenstein is now, as you see, in ruins, but as long as one 
stone of the old building remains standing upon another, so long 
will the treacherous incarceration of the bold and chivalrous 
Eichard give it an interest which it never would have other- 
wise possessed. 



h: 



TSTOI^'Y OIF 
O HI TJ I?. O HI. 

[Cojitinucd.) 



THE 



THE news of the dedication of the Temple was most gratify- 
ing to the authorities of the Church and to all the faithful 
Saints. They rejoiced in the fact that to the extent of their 
ability they had striven to build the Lord's House as He had 
commanded, and in knowing that their diligence in performing 
the labor had been pleasing to Him and that He had accepted 
the House. Whatever now might be the future fate of the 
Temple, they had done their duty, and they were released, by 
the cruel and outrageous acts of the wicked in driving them 
from it, from further care and responsibility concerning it. 
While any of the Saints were permitted to remain, they watch- 
ed over it; but after all the faithful had been driven from 
Nauvoo, the Temple was discovered one day to be on fire. 
Slime base creature had set tire to it, and it was burned down. 
His motives for this act were most wicked, and his condemna- 
tion will be very great, yet it would have been a painful reflec- 
tion, had it stood unharmed, to know that its hallowed interior 
was polluted by the presence of a people who had slain the 
Lord's anointed, the I'rophet and Patriarch of His Church — 
Joseph and Hyrum Smith — and had driven forth His servants 
and Saints into the wilderness. 

On the 29th of June the ferryboat, which was built on the 
bank of the Missouri Eiver for the purpose of crossing, was 
launched, and on the next day I'resident Young and several of 
the Apostles moved down to the river for the purpose of cross- 
ing. On this 12'Jth of June, 1840, also, another event occurred 
worthy of note — Elder Ezra T. Benson was elected by the 
Apostles to be an Apostle iq the stead of John E. Pago, 
who had fallen into darkness and been cut oft" from the 
Church. 

President Young was still veiy anxii'us to have a company 
go ahead that .season to secure a location for the Saints in the 
mountains. He proposed the organization of such a company 
to the camp, and that it bo composed of men only, the families 
to follow on afterwards. Many expressed their willingness to 
go and leave their families. He told the Saints that everything 
that men and hell could invent would be botched up to prevent 
the canjp from making any progress. He was strongly moved 



■^Mii 



'Si 



*^ 



J- TJ ^ E IsT I Hi E3 IITSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



147 



«? 

»* 



upon to speak plainly to them upon the subject. He said, that 
if the Church should be blown to the four winds and never 
gathered again, he wished them to remember that he had told 
them how, when and where to gather, and that if they did not 
so gather, to remember and bear him witness in the day of 
judgment. 

There were good reasons for his anxiety on this subject at 
this time, though they were unknown to him. Even while he 
was thus addressing the camp, a scheme which had been 
arranged was then being carried out, that would have the 
effect to prevent the journey to the mountains that season of 
such a company as he proposed Like numberless other schemes, 
however, which had been arranged for the embarrassment and 
injury of the Saints, this was overruled for their good. We 
refer to the orders from the Government for the raising of a 
battalion of five hundred men, known in history as the " Mor- 
mon Battalion." On the 2Gth of June, Captain James Allen 
of the U. S. army arrived at Mount Pisgah, had an interview 
with the leading men of that place and presented them with 
the following : 

"CIRCULAE, TO THE MORMONS." 

"I have come among you instructed by Col. S. W. Kearney 
of the U. S. army, now commanding the army of the West, to 
visit the Blormon camp and to accept the services, for twelve 
months, of four or five companies of the Mormon men who may 
be willing to serve their country for that period in our present 
war with Mexico. This force to unite with the army of the 
West at Santa Fe and be marched thence to California, where 
they will be discharged. 

" They will receive pay and rations and other allowances such 
as other volunteers, or regular soldiers receive, from the day 
they shall be mustered into the service, and will be entitled to 
all the comforts and benefits of regular soldiers of the army, 
and when discharged as contemplated, at California, they will 
be given gratis, their arms and accoutrements, with which 
they will' be fully equipped at Fort Leavenworth. Thus is 
offered to the Mormon people now, this year, an opportunity of 
sending a portion of their young and intelligent men to the 
ultimate destination of their whole people, and entirely at the 
expense of the United States, and this advance party can thus 
pave the way, and look out the land, for their brethren to come 
after them. 

"The pay of a private volunteer is seven dollars per month, 
and the allowance for clothing is the cost price of clothing of a 
regular soldier. 

"Those of the Mormons who are desirous of serving their 
country, on the conditions here enumerated, are requested to 
meet me without delay at their principal camp, at the Council 
Bluffs, whither I am now going to consult with their principal 
men, and to receive and organize the force contemplated to be 
raised. 

"I will receive all healthy, able men of from eighteen to 
forty-five years of age. 

"J. Alli:n, Capt. 1st Dragoons. 

" Camp of the Mormons, at Mt. Pisgah, 
130 miles east of Council Bluffs. 
June 26th, 1846, 

" ]\\jtc : — I hope to complete the organization of this battalion 
within six days after reaching Council Bluffs, or within nine 
days from this lime." 

After due deliberation they advised him to visit the authori- 
ties of the Church at Council Bluffs, and gave him a letter of 
introduction to Elder Wm. Clayton, the cl(;ik of the camp. He 
reached Council Bluffs on the llOth, and immediately placed 
hinjself in conimuuication with President Young and his breth- 
ren. On the first of July he met with ihem, and presented to 
them for perusal, the following instructious from his command- 
ing officer : 



''Head Quaeters, Arjxy of ttte West, 

Fort Leavenworth, June 19, 1846. 

" A'iV .• —It is understood that there is a large body of Mor- 
mons, who are desirous of emigrating to California for the 
purpose of settling in that country, and I have therefore to 
direct that you will proceed to their camps, and endeavor to 
raise from amongst them four or five companies of volunteers 
to join me in my expedition to that country ; each company to 
consist of any number between seventy-three and one hundred 
and nine — the officers of the companies will be a captain, first 
lieutenant and second lieutenant, who will be elected by the 
privates and subject to your approval, and the captains then to 
appoint the non-commissioned officers, also subject to your 
approval — the companies, upon being thus organized, will bo 
umstered by you into the service of the U. S., and from that 
day will commence to receive the pay, rations, and other allow- 
ances given to other infantry volunteers, each according to his 
rank. You will upon mustering into service the fourth company 
bo considered as having the rank, pay and emoluments of a lieu- 
tenant colonel of infantry, and are authorized to appoint an adju- 
tant, sergeant major and quarter master sergeant for the battalion. 

"The companies after being organized will be marched to 
this post, where they will be armed and prepared for the field, 
after which they will, under your command, follow on my trail 
in the direction of Santa Fe, and where j'ou will receive further 
orders from me. 

" Y"ou will upon organizing the companies, require provisions, 
wagons, horses, mules, etc.; you must purchase everything 
which is necessary and give the necessary drafts upon the 
quarter master and commissary departments at this post, which 
drafts will be paid upon presentation. 

" You will have the Mormons distinctly to understand, that I 
wish to take them as volunteers for twelve months, that ihey 
will be marched to California, receiving pay and allowances 
during the above time, and at its expiration they will be dis- 
charged, and allowed to retain, as their private property, the 
guns and accoutrements to be furnished to them at this post. 

"Each company will be allowed four women as laundresses, 
who will travel with the company, receiving rations, and the 
other allowances given to the laundresses of our army. 

" With the foregoing conditions, which are hereby pledged to 
the Mormons and which will be faithfully kept by me and 
other officers in behalf of the Government of the United States, 
I cannot doubt but that you will in a few days, be able to raise 
five hundred young and efficient men for this expedition. 
" Yery respectfully, your obedient servant. 

"S. W. Ke-VKNEy, Col. of 1st Dragoons. 

"Captain James Allem, 

1st Keg. Dragoons, Fort Leavenworth." 
(.20 be Continued.) 



True. — There is not a girl on earth, whether the daughter of 
prince or pauper, who, if made a perfect mistress of all house- 
hold duties, and were thrown into a community wholly un- 
known would not rise from one station to another and eventu- 
ally become mistress of her own mansion, whilst umltitudes of 
young women, placed in positions of case, elegance and afflu- 
ence, but being unfitted to fill them, will as certainly descend 
from' one round of the ladder to the other, until at the close of 
life, they are found where the really competent started from. 
Md'thers (if America, if you wish to rid your own and your 
children's households of d' stroying locusts whicli infest ymir 
huuses and eat up your substance, take a pride iti educating 
your daughters to be perfect mistresses of every home duly; 
"then, if you leave them wltlicjut a dullar, be assured they will 
never lack a warm garment, a bounteous meal, or a cosy roof, 
nor fail of the respect of any one who knows them. 






y; 



1^ 



3-48 



i^^'^! 



OTTJ^EnsriLE IIsrSTie.TJOTOI^, 




CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1872. 





HE result of men's acli ms, we are inform- 
ed, ill latter-Jii}' revulatiuii, will be ordered 
and overruled by the Creator. lu aiieieut 
revelation — in the Bible — we are told that 
" The love of money is the rootof all evil " 
at least this is the reading the translators 
Lave given. It would perhaps be more uor- 
_ rect to say that, to give the heart wholly to 
"Ikli^^^^Xly)^ the love of money is produetive of evil only 
P^*^_^ K to him who is guilty of sueh folly. It is undeiii- 
1 Kf*^)'^^^vr ^^1b that every passion of the human heart is 
i -i— 'V /!\ ( implanted with a design to promote only the 
r, happiness of its possessor; but with every one, 
^/^ as with avariee or covetousiiess, its inordinate 
exercise, or abuse, is productive only of misery 
and evil. 

In penning the quotation near the head of this 
article, its writer was unquestionably inspired by the 
Spirit of Truth, for avariee is one of the master pas- 
sions of the human heart, and they who are solely under its 
domination are among the most hateful and despicable speci- 
mens of the human race. But our design in writing this is to 
show how, even, the exercise of this passion can be overruled 
by Divine Providence for the general good of His creatures. 
The people of our age and times are characterized by their 
colonizing spirit and tendency — a very natural result of the 
social system which prevails in the old settled countries of the 
civilized world. There the laboring classes are overcrowded, 
labor being so poorly paid for that thousands can scarcely man- 
age to live, no matter how hard they toil. Under such circum- 
stances it is no wonder that there is a very general desire 
amongst these classes to emigrate, and to found colonies in 
new countries, where population is thin, labor better paid for, 
and the comforts of life more easily procured. This is the 
great cause of so many of the people of Europe leaving their 
native lands and flocking to Australia, Canada, New Zealand, 
and above all to the United Slates. This colunizing spirit is a 
benefit to the entire world ; it is the parent of civilization, and 
colonizers — pioneers in the setlleujent of new countries — deserve 
well of their race, for they not only relieve the overworked, 
overtaxed uiillioiis of the countries they leave, but lliey vastly 
enlarge the sphere of civilization and progress. But we wish 
to direct your atteiition to .souic events which have transiiired 
in our own tiinos, in connection with colonization, which prove 
that the exercise of avarice can be overruled and made to pro- 
mote the petieral good. 

You, probably, all know that only a few j'cirs ago what is 
called the Great West of the territory of the United States, 
was marked on the maps of the countr.v as the "Great Desert." 
It was a land known to be the home 01j1.v of wild beasts and 
wild men, and the few who. at various times, made half- hearted 
efforts to cxplire it, were regarded as tlic bravest of the brave. 
It ixtrue tiiat the Latter-day Saints, after they bad bein driven 
I'V thcirenciiiii's f oiii their homes and po.sse.ssions in llie several 
States in wliich they first settled, fought and f'l iiid a rcjtreat, 
and made themselves homes, in the heart of the Rocky iMoun- 
tains. But they did this under the guidance of the iu&piratiop 



of Heaven, an incentive which no others possessed ; and but few 
knew and fewer eared what had become of the Latter-day Saints, 
and had it not been for an event which occurred after their settle- 
men t here, it is very likely that most of the territory between the 
Missouri and the Paeifie would have been unsettled to-day. 

Y'ou are aware that, in the year 1849, a surprising dLsoovery 
was made by a few persons in California — members of the Mor- 
mon Battalion, when on ttieir way homeward from Mexico, and 
soon it was noised throughout the world that the El Dorado of 
the Spanish buccaneers had been found, and that gold in any 
quantity could be had in California, by those who would take 
the trouble to pick it up. The rumor spread like wildfire, and 
under the influence of avariee, thus suddenly and irresistably 
awakened, forgotten were the terrors of the Great Western 
Desert, and thousands, inspired by the desire to acquire sudden 
wealth, rushed, pell-mell, to the gold diggings. The hopes of 
some were realized, but, like investing in a lottery scheme, the 
majority drew blanks, very many losing their all, their lives 
included, in the mad rush for gold. 

This was as gigantic a manifestation of the greed of gain, so 
natural to the human heart, as ever was seen, perhaps, in the 
world since its creation ; but bad as it exposed the weakness of 
human nature, one grand result was immeasurably hastened by 
it, and that was the development of the whole of this western 
country, and that which, a little over twenty years ago, was a 
vast desert is now inhabited by hundreds of thousands of civil- 
ized men and women, and the wealth and territory of the nation 
have been almost incalculably increased thereby. Who can 
say, in view of these facts, that the wholesale development of 
one of the fiercest and lowest passions of human nature has not 
in this case, been overruled an J made productive of good to the 
whole civilized world ? 

In Australia similar results have been produced by a similar 
agency. That island, if it may be so called, is about as large as 
the European continent, and until a few years ago, nearly all 
that was known of it by white people was that it contained 
barren plains of almost limitless extent, the dangers of which 
none cared to face ; but the discovery of very rich gold mines 
there, made after the discovery in California, robbed its plains 
and tieserts of many of their real or imaginary terrors, and col- 
lected together thousands in the hungry search for wealth; and 
there, as in California, this thirst for riches hastened the open- 
ing up of the country, and the spread of civilization and its 
attendant refinement and comforts. 

One instance more, where the same results are being produced 
by the same agency, and we shall close. You all know that for 
ages Africa has been regarded as the grave of the white man, 
and as the natural home of savage men and boasts. Very few 
have ever had the daring to pmietratc its interior to any extent, 
and most of those who have attempted to do so have fallen a 
prey to wild beasts, cannibals, or the climate; and to-day the 
interior of that vast continent is almost as little known as it was 
a thousand years ago. But the time seems to have arrived 
when the darkness which has enveloped it so long begins to be 
dispelled, and here, too, as in the two ca.ses already named, the 
passion of avarice is the lever which Providence is using to 
effect this object. 

A year or two since, reports got wind that somewhere in the 
interior of South Alrica rich discoveries of diamonds had been 
made ; and forthwith thousands of white people, regardless of 
peril and hardships, flocked thither, and there is some prospect 
that what .scores of years of arduous missionary labors had 
failed to accomplish, will now be brought about and that con- 
tinent be opened up to civilization and progress. 

Who shall say, then, although the love of money is so much 
condemned, that the development of covetousiiess can not be 
overruled I'or good V But do not, on this account, encourage the 
growth of this passion in your own natures, for if you do you 
will be despised by all good people. 



9^ 



^'- 



'i^e^ 




^^^' 



O'TJ^EnsriLE IITSTI^TJOTOI^., 



?7? 

1^9 






OIF 



AMONG the many natural wonders of -which the American 
continent can boast, the big trees of California are very 
notable. The mightiest oaks of Great Britain, the tallest pines 
of Norway, the loftiest palms of the tropics, and in fact, so far 
as known, the largest trees in every other part of the world are 
mere dwarfs and sink into insignificance when compared with 
the big trees of 

t h e Mammoth jg*i«A^<'wl'^'' 

Grove, in Cala- '*v5ye«.^^_ 

veras county, 
California, which 
are of such enor- 
mous growth 
that unless 
vouched for by 
numbers of cred- 
ible witnesses 
who have seen 
them, none would 
believe the}' are 
as large as they 
are said to be. 

These wonder- 
ful trees have not 
been discovered 
many years, for 
most of you 
know, perhaps, 
that before the 
excitement caus- 
ed by the discov- 
ery of gold in 
1849, California 
was almost an 
unknown land. 
Before that time 
it had but few 
inhabitants, most 
of whom led a 
pastoral life — 
t e n d i n 2 their 
flocks, herds and 
vineyards, the 
climate being so 
rich and the soil 
so fertile that it 
enabled them to 
lead easy, idle 
lives. Such peo- 
ple, you can read- 
ily understand, 
would not bo 
likely to take the 
trouble to ex- 
plore the country 
much. 

But it was 
very diflFerent 
when the stir- 
ring, energetic 
Americans of the Anglo-Saxon race made their appearance, as 
thousands of them very soon did after the discfivery of gold by 
some of the members of the Mormon battalion in 1849. Men 
(,f I his race are a good deal like the Jews, so far as their wan- 
dering or rambling propensities are concerned. Go wherever 
you may, into any country under the sun, and you will be about 




sure to find Jew.i, English and Americans there ; and they are 
not satisfied until they have ransacked almost every nook and 
corner, and know all that is to be known. Ibis was the case in 
California — the world learned far more about that State in six 
months after their arrival, than it had learned in all the years 
the State had been occupied before then by the Spaniards and 
Mexicans. 

The big trees were not found until the year 1852, and then 
the discovery was due to an accident, being made under the fol- 
lowing circumstances: 

A coujpany had been formed to dig a large water ditch, and 
one man was sent oflf to hunt game, so that the men working on 
the ditch might have some meat to eat; and during his ram- 
bles ho discovered the "big trees." If at all of a reflective 
turn of mind, the sensations of this man on making the discovery 
must have been very curious, for it must have seemed almost 
like entering a new world — a world which, judging by the trees, 
was inhabited by giants. If he had read "Gulliver's Travels" 
he might have fancied he had reached Brobdignag — a fabulous 
country described by Swift, the people of which, he says, are 
from forty to sixty feet in bight, and everything the country 
produces on the same gigantic proportions. Of course, do such 
country as this exists, but these giant trees of California being 
so much greater than those to be seen in any other part of the 
world, it would have required no great stretch of the imagina- 
tion, on seeing them for the first time, to fancy that one had 
really got there. 

The discoverer returned to camp and told about what he had 
seen, but he was only laughed at ; everybody thought he had 
invented the story, and was trying the "April fool" game. 
Finding that he could not get anybody to believe him, the man 
let the matter rest, and in a week or two after, coming back 
from another hunting expedition, he invented a lie in order to 
make them believe the truth of his story about the big trees. 
He told them he hud kihed a bear in the forest, but it was so 
large he was unable to get it to the camp. Here was a promise 
of a least of bear meat, and without any doubt or stopping to 
make many inquiries, off several of them from the camp started 
with the hunter, to bring home the dead bear. He had them 
now just where he wanted them, for he njust be the guide, and 
he led them to the Mammoth Grove. They were disappointed 
at finding no bear, but were filled with astonishment to see such 
gigantic trees. 

In the mouths of two or three witnesses shall every word be 
established, so says the Good Book ; and when the party 
returned to camp, they confirmed the discovery of the big trees, 
and in a very short time their existence was believed in, not 
only in California but throughout America, and the civilized 
world, and since then thousands of persons have visited these 
giants of the forest — mementoes of people and times buried and 
forgotten in the ages of the Uiisty past. 

V/e will now tell you something about the size of these won- 
derful trees. The statements made may seem startling to you, 
but 3'ou need not doubt them, they are the results of actual 
measurement. Before proceeding further we may as well say 
that there are three groves of these mammoth trees in Cal- 
ifornia, one each in the counties of Calaveras, Tulare, and 
Mariposa, but those of the first named are the largest, and the 
measurement of those we give you are of some in Calaveras. 
The grove is situated on the divide between the middle fork of 
the Stanislaus and Calaveras rivers, on an elcvatiou nearly 
5000 feet above sea level. In this grove there are ninety-two 
of these remarkable trees, varyi ig in hight from 150 to 327 
feet; ten of them are at least ;iO feet in diameter; 82 have a 
diameter varying from 15 to 30 feet. The tops of some of the 
more aged have been broken by the teujpests and snows, the 
original hight of which is believed to have been over 400 feet, 
and their diameter 40. 

Several of these mighty veterans of the forest lie prostrate 









•^^^i& 




150 



j'TJ'VEnsriljE i:ltst:e2.tjotoi^. 



^3: 



on the ground, some having fallen through old age, others 
having been felled by the woodman's ax. The trunk of one of 
these, called the "Father of the Forest," has been hollowed 
out, and the interior is so large that a man on horseback can 
ride for a distance of seventy-five feet. To reach the upper 
side of this famous old tree, the beholder has to mount a flight 
of steps, nineteen in number. Another of those fallen giants, 
called "Hercules," is 337 feet long, and at its thickest part is 
twenty yards round. One of the finest trees in the grove, cut 
down by the woodman, was 300 feet high, and thirty yards aud 
two feet round its base. To fell this monster took the labor 
of five men three weeks to accomplish. Another of these won- 
ders, called the "Big Tree," also cut down, was 302 feet high 
and 96 feet round. The bark of this old giant was IS inches 
thick. A house has been built over the stump of this one, the 
room in the inside being 24 feet across. On this old stump, 
and within its limits dancing parties are often held. Only 
fancy, several cotOlions having room to dance on the stump of 
one treel It seems scarcely possible to believe it, yet there is 
no doubt of its truth. 

The above are the most famous of the members of this 
extraordinary plantation ; the living trees are all far larger than 
anything of modern growth, and as they are still flourishing, 
there is no reason why, if left alone, they should not iu time 
equal in size their dead companions. 

The timber of these trees is very durable and beautiful and 
is similar in appearance to that known as redwood. Our 
engraving this week is intended to represent one of these giants 
of the Calaverns grove. 



[For the Juvejiile liufTnctor. 






I=ETI?.IFIEID AATOOID. 



NOT only may wood be changed into coal, by some of its 
elements being removed, or by furming new compounds. 
as described in recent articles, but its elements may be replaced 
by others; silica, lime, aud other earths that are soluble in 
Water usually take their i)lace. When a complete replacement 
takes place all the organic constituents are removed, and the 
result is a complete intrlfadlon^ which varies in hardness, 
weight and appearance with the new element it contains. If 
sUica is the indurating substance that replaces wood it is 
"silicified wood," if lime or other earth, it is caUed, generally, 
" petrified wood." Perhaps some of our young readers may not 
have seen any of the fine petrifactions of this Territory, there- 
fore to aid them to form some idea respecting them, one or two 
specimens presented to the museum by President Young will 
be described, they aie from Weber Valley. 

One of these is a section of a large tree, the bark is, to all 
appearance, well preserved ; a knot is seen that has all the 
resemblance of natural wood. It is labelled as "petrified 
cedar," which may be incorrect, although it greatly resembles it. 
The structure of the interior is entirely obliterated, it is mas- 
sive, hard as flint, red and cream color. It is, in fact, a 
uia.S3 of jasper. The second specimen api)ears to be part of a 
wiiite pine tree, the grain perfectly represented, the bark is 
jasper, and, viewed from the side, shows the delicate tracery 
of tlie former tissues, having the appearance of net work. 
I'art of this specimen is silicified, that is, it is jl'mi ; part of it 
is npalized, .Nilica, lime and water having replaced that portion. 
There are many other specimens of petrifaction — jasi)ery 
wood, agatized wood, and even crj'stals of quariz of great 
beauty, taken from the middle of silicified trees. 



Now, much has been said about the decay of wood that need 
not be repeated except in substance, viz., that wood exposed to 
the atmosphere perishes, oxygen hums it away — ('. e. oxydizes 
it. It is fashionable now to talk about oxygen, our daily papers 
talk about it, and about hydrogen, and other elements, until we 
begin to know something about these things. Of course we do 
not know much compared with what there is to be known, but 
what we do know is presented to us in such fascinating forms 
that we long to know more. Well! by oxygen we live : and 
yet it is the great destroyer; wood decays by reason of its 
destructive energies, all organized bodies perish by it! 

But, here is the image of organized bodies in these petrifac- 
tions. Yes! children ; myriads, tens of thousands of myriads 
of organized entities that have lived have their effigies in petri- 
factions! Tiny creatures, as well as the gigantic of earth's 
denizens may be seen and handled, to tell how they lived, what 
they were like, what they have done in fulfilling their part in 
the creation ; the minutest parts of their organisms reproduced, 
in fac-simUe, with such fidelity that not merely the "grain of 
the wood" IS revealed, but the most delicate tissues of their 
bodies! But the organism has peri-hed ; the parts that acted 
in concert together, although they were distinct from each other, 
such as the bark, the sap-vessels, the leaves of plants ; the skin, 
the blood-vessels, lungs and soft parts of animals : parts by 
which the functions of life were performed, without which we 
could not call them organized beings, these have perished. The 
elements which formed them have gone back into the great res- 
ervoir of life — the atmosphere; and, in the place of parts of 
plants, earthy matter has taken their place ; in the hard parts of 
superior animals, in the shells of mollusks, in the stems of 
corals, earthy matter remains,or has been replaced by other earth. 

And this is efi'ected by simple contrivances. As the organic 
parts decay inorganic elements enter the parts as they pass off 
and occupy their place. Not by any sudden action, probably 
but gradually, particle after particle ; how small, how infinitely 
small a particle may be we know not, it matters not, but slowly, 
silently, surely, the fiat of Omnipotence passes upon all earthy or- 
ganized matter: ' 'Dust thou art and unto dust thou shalt return." 

But the imar/c remains, in some cases, as in their petrifac- 
tions; carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen have done their 
duty when they were residing in and part of the living 
organism, now they have departed, carbonic acid, water and 
ammonia, to be resolved into native element and perform the 
same duties again and again in other organisms. 

So now, children, we may rcmeujber that anthracite is the 
carbon of wood; bituminous coal is the carbon of wood and 
inflammable gases condensed within it; lignite is wood that 
is partially changed into coal ; and petrified wood is not wood 
at all, but, rock that resembles it! Beth. 



liTG- JLT IL.OG-.A-ISr CITY. 



ON Saturday and Sunday, the 17th and ISth of last month, 
meetings were held at the city of Logan, in (^acho county, 
which were attended by Presidents Brigham Young and George 
A. Smith, several of the Twelve, many of the local authorities, 
and very large congregations of the Saints of Logan and sur- 
rounding settleujcnts. 

At the close of the services on Saturday afternoon, notice was 
given of a meeting, to be held the following niorning, of tlic 
children attending tlie Sunday schools in the several wards of 
the city. We had the privilege of being jiresent at this meet- 
ing, and as it was of a very intcrchtiiig character, we thought 
our friends and subscribers throughout the Territory would take 
lileasure in reading uu account of it, which we herewith present 
to them. 

The young folks, numbering between three and four hundred. 



* 



*^t^ 



^9 



^ 



O'TJ'VEITILE! I :^ ST I^TJ O T O K/ 



neatly dressed, and looking bright and beautiful as only happy 
children can, were seated in the bowery at about half past 
eight o'clock, and commenced the services by singing a hymn, 
their voices blending harmoniously and making sweet music, 
after which prayer was offered, and another hymn was sung. 

The next part of the services was especially attractive, con- 
sistiog of a kind of catechism, or questions on the life and death 
of the Redeemer, the principles of the gospel taught by Him 
and His followers ; the birth, life and death of the Prophet of 
the last days — Joseph Smith, the organization of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the exodus of the Saints to 
the Rocky Mountains under President Young, and other things 
connected with Church history, to all of which correct answers 
were instantly given by hundreds of voices, the ages of their 
owners ranging from five to fifteen, evincing a knowledge of 
Church history and of the principles of the gospel that would 
have done credit to older persons. As the course pursued by 
the Sunday school authorities at Logan in training and instruct- 
ing the children on these points has been so successful, and 
believing that similar instructions should be given in every Sun- 
day school in the Territory, we, for the sake of information to 
those laboring in our Sunday schools, append the questions put 
to, and the answers given by, the children : 

Q. — Who was Jesus Christ? 

A.— The Son of God. 

Q.— Where was He born? 

A. — In Bethlehem of Judea. 

Q.— What death did He die? 

A. — Crucifixion. 

Q. — Where was He crucified ? 

A. — On Mount Calvary. 

Q. — How old was He when crucified? 

A. — About thirty-three. 

Q.— For what purpose did He suff'er death? 

A. — To atone for the sins of the world. 

Q. — Will His death and sufferings benefit us without doing 
something for ourselves? 

A. — No, sir. 

Q. — What then is required of us ? 

A. — Obedience to the principles of the gospel. 

Q. — What is the first principle? 

A.— Faith. 

Q.— What is Faith? 

A. — Firm belief. 

Q. — In whom must we have faith ? 

A.— la God and His Only Begotten Son, Jesus Christ. 

Q. — What is the second principle ? 

A. — Repentance. 

Q — Wh^it is Repentance ? 

A. — Forsaking of sin, 

Q. — What is the third principle? 

A. — Baptism by water. 

Q. — What is the proper mode of Baptism ? 

A. — By immersion. 

Q. — For what purpose is Baptism ordained? 

A. — The remission of sins. 

Q. — What is the fourth principle? 

A. — Laying on of liands for the reception of the Holy 
Ghost. 

Q.— What is the oflice of the Holy Ghost? 

A. — To show us things past, present and to come. 

Q. — Who has authority to administer these ordinances? 

A. — Those who have received authority from God. 

Q. — Who was the first that received this authority in our 
day? 

A. — Joseph Smith. 

Q. — Where was he born? 

A. — In Vermont. 

Q.— What town? 





A. — Sharon. 

Q.— What county? 

A. — Windsor. 

Q. — In what year was he born ? 

A.— 1805. 

Q.— What month ? 

A. — December. 

Q. — What day of the month? 

A.— 23d. 

Q.— How old was he when he received the first revelation. ? 

A. — fourteen years of age. 

Q.— In what year did he receive the plates ? 

A.— 1827. 

Q.— What month? 

A. — September. 

Q.— What day of the month? 

A.— 22d. 

Q. — From whom did he receive the plates ? 

A. — Moroni. 

Q.— What book was translated from those plates? 

A. — Book of Mormon. 

Q.— Who conferred the priesthood upon Joseph Smith? 

A.— John the Baptist, Peter, James and John. 

Q. — How many priesthoods are there ? 

A.— Two. 

Q.— ^Vhat are they called ? 

A. — The Aaronic and Melchisedec. 

Q.— Which priesthood was bestowed upon the Prophet first? 

A. — The Aaronic. 

Q. — By whom was this priesthood bestowed ? 

A. — John the Baptist. 

Q. — Which is the greater priesthood? 

A.— The Melchisedec. 

Q. — Which is the lesser? 

A. — The Aaronic. 

Q.— In what year was the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints organized? 

A.— 1830. 

Q.— What month ? 

A. — April. 

Q.— What day of the month? 

A.— 6th. 

Q. — With how many members ? 

A.— Six. 

Q. — What were their names? 

A.— Joseph Smith, Jun., Oliver Cowder}', Hyrum Smith, 
Peter Whitmer, Jun., Samuel H. Smith and David Whitmer. 

Q.— In what year was the Prophet Joseph and his brother 
Hyrum martyred ? 

A.— 1844. 

Q. — In what month ? 

A. — June. 

Q. — What day of the month ? 

A.— 27th. 

Q.— In what State? 

A. — Illinois. 

Q. — In what jail? 

A. — Carthage. 

Q.— Who is the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints? 

A. — Brigham Young. 

Q. — Who are his counselors? 

A. — George A. Sujith and Daniel II. Wells. 

Q. — Who is the President of the Twelve Apostles? 

A. — Orson Ilyde. 

Q. — Who was president in the days of Jesus? 

A.— Peter. 

Q. — Who is the Bishop over the whole Church ? 

A. — Edward Iliniter. 







<r=^.gl^^ 



a"TJ^E3SriI-.E in^STI?.TJ01^0I2/. 






Q. — ^Wlio presides over this Stake of Zion? 

A. — William B. Preston. 

Next fullowad short addresses to the children from President 
George A. Smith and Elder George Q. Cannon, both of which 
we shall insert in the "Juvenile," believing that the counsel 
and instruction they contain will be read with interest by our 
subscribers, and will be beneficial to the superintendents, 
teachers and scholars of Sabbath schools tlirougliout the Terri- 
tory. 

( To he continued. ) 



J^ Omi-iID XiT COTJK.T. 



TOE POWER OF TRUTH. 



THE following beautiful illustration of the simplicity and 
power of truth, is from the pen of S. A. Hammond, 
formerly editor of the Albany >SVa;e Register. He was an eye- 
witness of the scene in one of the higher courts : 

A little girl, nine years of age, was offered as a witness against 
a prisoner who was on trial fora felony committed in her father's 
house. 

"Now, Emily," said the counsel for the prisoner, upon her 
being offered as a witness, "1 desire to know if you under- 
stand the nature of an oath?" 

" I don't know what you mean," was the simple answer. 

"There, your honor," said the counsel, addressing the court, 
"is anything further necessary to demonstrate the validity of 
my objection? This witness should be rejected. She does not 
comprehend the nature of an oath." 

" Let us see," said the judge. " Come here, my daughter." 

Assured by the kind manner and tone of the judge, the child 
stepped toward him, and looked confidently in his face, with a 
calm, clear eye, and in a manner so artless and frank, that it 
went straight to the heart. 

"Did you ever take an oath?" inquired the judge. The 
child stepped back witii a look of horror, and the blood mantled 
in a blusli all over her face and neck, as she answered : 

"No, sir." 

She thought he intended to inquire if she had ever blas- 
phemed. 

"I don't mean that," said the judge, who saw her mistake; 
'• I mean, were you ever a witness bei'ore?" 

"No, sir; I never was in court before!" was the answer. 

He handed her an open Bible. 

" Do you know that book, my daughter?" 

She looked at it, and answered, 

" Yes, sir; it is the Bible." 

"Do you read it? ' he asked. 

" Yes, sir ; every evening." 

" Can you tell us what the Bible is?" inquired the judge. 

"It U the Won] of the groat God," she answered. 

" Well, place your hand upon thi; Bible, and listen to what I 
say," he repeated slowly and solemnly the oath usually adminis- 
tered to witnesses. 

"Now," said the judge, "you are sworn as a witness, will 
you tell me what will become of you, if you do not tell the 
truth?' 

" 1 shall be shut up in States Prison," answered the child. 

"Anything else?" asked the judge. 

" I shall never go to heaven," she replied. 

" Huw do you know this?" asked the judge. 

The cliild took the Bible, and turning rapidly to the chapter 
containing the couiajaiidments, pointed to the injunction, "Thou 
ehult not bear false witness against thy neighbor." 

""as any one talked to you about your being a witness in 
..ourt against this man?" inquired the judge. 

"Yes sir" she replied. " JMy mother heard that they 



wanted me to be a witness, and last night she called me to tell 
her the Ten Commandments, and then we kneeled down to- 
gether, and she prayed that I might understand how wicked it 
was to bear false witness against thy neighbor, and that God 
would help me, a little child, to tell the truth as it was before 
Him. And when I came up here with my father, she kissed 
me and told me to remember the ninth commandment, and that 
God would hear every word that I said." 

"Do you believe this?" asked the judge, whOe a tear glisten- 
ed in his eye, and his lips quivered with emotion. 

" Yes, sir," said the child, with a voice and manner that 
bhowed her conviction of truth was perfect. 

"God bless you, my child," said the judge, "you have a 
good mother. This witness is competent," he continued. 
" Were I on trial for my life, and innocent of the charge against 
me, I would pray to God for such a witness as this. Let her 
be examined." Selected. 



Btlttf^h ^odtJg* 



THE 



IF O TJ I?/ LITTLE 
G- I Z^ L S. 



A SCnOOL PIECE. 



Fi7-st Girl. 

I'm a little country lassie, 

I can irun, oliurn and liake, 
Wash llie dishes, feed the poultry, 

Mix a famous Jalnin^'-cuke ; 
Kide tlie liorses down tu "water. 

Drive llie euws to pastures green — 
I would not exeuanije my staiion, 

For the throne of England's queen. 
Second Oirl. 

ilother calls me little student; 

I c.in cipher, read aud spell, 
Uiaw a map or hound a country, 

And iu "mental" I excel. 
I ph;ill climb the hill of knowledge, 

To its very lop will gO; 
Then success will crowu my efforts, 

Teacher says, and au't it soV 

Third Oirl. 

I'm my mother's little helper, 
And am happy all da3' long; 
I can bring dear papa's slippers; 

Sing the baby's cradle song; 
Kock him till the angels whisper, 

Make him smile from dreamland shore; 
Run a thousand wa3's for mother- 
Can a little girl do more V 

Fourth Oirl— very small. 

I's my mamma's little darling; 

Don't you tind I's fresh and sweet, 
With these roses at my shoulders, 

And my muslin dress so neall' 
^lanima made it dust on purpose 

'Cause I's going to speak to you. 
It is lovely, don't j'ou lint so'i' 

Wish 'twas yours '/ I sink you do. 



cru'VEiNriLE insrsTK/XJOTOi^ 

Is pulj'isbed in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVEUY OTHKR SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q CANN JN, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Hinj/le Copy, per Annum f2 50. 

*S- Grain brout,'lit to this City for the Juvenilk Instructor will ba 
jcceivcd at the office of our paper— Desicukt News Buildings. 



^ 



