
Poliiicss t0 i\t fori)! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1873. 



NO. 19. 



"WOIELID OIFTSZE XjOR.ID TO Z E3ID:BI^I.A-I3:. 



ZEDEKIA.H and Jeremiah are names wbioli carry tbo miads 
of Bible believers back to tbe days when Israel was a kiag- 
dom, and wben the word of the Lord came direct to them 
through inspired prophets. That is a very long time since now. 
The Jews were scattered about forty years after the death of the 
Redeemer, an event which took place over eighteen hundred 
years ago, and they had been in darkness for a long period be- 
fore the appearance of Jesus amongst them. At that time they 
were sometbin.s like the sects of the Christian world at the 
present day — the religious sects now have a form'of godliness 



He was noted for his severe denunciations oi evil. In 
his reproofs of evildoers he cried aloud and spared not, 
and like many of the true servants of God, he had to endure 
severe persecution at the hands of the wicked. In the reign of 
Zedekiah, for reproving the wickedness of priests and people, 
he was set in the pillory snd imprisoned, and he remained in 
prison uidl Jerusalem was taken by Nebuchadnezzar, and then 
with the captive Jews, started for Babylon. 

Although King Zedekiah was a wicked man, he had not pro- 
gressed so far in wickedness as to disbelieve ia revelation fro n 




Ik 



hut they ''deny the jviwor (h'^rcfif," no win n Christ came the 
Jews had many of their old religiou.'j niilioiis and practices, 1 ut 
the voice of revelation was not heard in their midst — they had 
a forni of godliness but lackeil the |ii)wer thereof. 

Our engraving represents Zedrkiah and Joremitih, two men 
who lived about Iwenty-flve hundred years afro; the firmer was 
the last King of Judah, and a very bad man; t'lc latter 
was one of the greatest prophets that over lived in I-rael. 



lie.-iven, and ;il(biHi;ji[ .icn'oiiah was in pri.son, ln-slill had some 
fiiith in him being a projiliot of the Lord, as tlu' eircumstanc ' 
illnslratcil by onr engraving proves. On account of the \vii;k- 
c'ducss of Zedekiah and his people tlu^ anger of the Lord was 
kindled against llinn, and he permiited the Babylonians under 
thn powerfnl king Ni'buchadmzzer to lay soige to Jeni.salem. 
When the Babaylonish king and his numerous aru)y were imi- 
uauipi;d around_t!io Jewisli capital the Kjn^ of Judah saw his 





146 



0" TJ "V E! ITI L E I IST S T K. TJ O T O I^; 




danger, and then like many wicked persons, he began to think 
of seeking aid from the Lord. But how hypocritical individ- 
uals, who sin against God and blaspheme his name continually, 
cin hope for assistance and deliverance from him when trouble 
overtakes them is a mystery. Their hope is certainly very 
frail for, in speaking of that class, the Bible says that God will 
laugh at their calamity and mock when their fear cometh. To 
make sure cf obtaining God's mercy and favor in the hour of 
trial and adversity we must servo Him and keep His command- 
ments when in the enjoyment of good fortune and prosperity. 
But Zedekiah, probably, did not believe this; at any rate, he 
sent to Jeremiah and inquired, "Is there any word from the 
Lord?" 

Here was a chance for Jeremiah! He was in prison when 
this inquiry was made of him, and, besides being deprived of 
his liberty, he was enduring severe suffering and inconvenience. 
Now, when King Zedekiuh sent to him to know if there was 
any word from the Lord, how easy it would have been for him, 
if ha had valued anything more than truth, to have given a fa- 
vorable reply, and so have obtained the favor of the King, 
which would have been almost sure to have gained him his 
liberty. But Jeremiah thought far more of the truth of God 
than of his own comfort or the favor of the King of Judah; 
and in reply to the inquiry of Zedekiah — "Is there any word 
from the Lord? ' the prophet answered — ''There is; for, said 
he, thou shalt be delivered into the hand of the King of Baby- 
lon." Jeromiah also further declared to the King that all that 
remained iu Jerusalem should die by the sword, famine and 
pestilence; but that thej' who would go forth and deliver theui- 
scl.'cs to the army of .Nebuchadnezzar should iiv«. The King 
had the word of the Lord through the prophet, specially to 
himself, that if he would deliver himself into the hands of the 
Princes of Babylon he and his house should live; but if not he 
should fall into the hands of the Babylonians and they should 
burn Jerusalem with fiio; and the prophet, we are told, be- 
seechod the King to IKten to and obey the word of the Lord. 
King Zadekiah did not belijve this message from the 
I'mphet; or if he did his pride was so great that he would not 
surrender himself to the Babylunians, and finally, finding there 
was no hope of defeating them, Zedekiah endeavored to escape 
by night; but he was pursued and captured by the Bab.vlonians. 
Then the Babylonians burned Jerusalem, and when Zedekiah 
was brou-'ht before Nebu;;hadnczzir, the latter t-lew all the 
nobles of Ju lah, and the sons of Z dekiah, and he put out the 
eyes of Z dekiah, loaded him with chains, and sent him a pris- 
oner to Babylon, and there this wicked and disobedient King 
ended his days, a blind and wretched captive. 

JiTcniiah was among those captured by the Bibyloniaiis, and 
h; WIS I'taded wiih chains to be .sent to Baliylon, But King 
N ;iiui-hadn(ziir gave orders that no harm shimld bo done to 
hi M, and wh- n tlie oiplives were on their wa.v from Jerusalem 
1(1 Ivibylon the Lord gave Jeremiah favor in the sight of the 
laptiiiii of the guard, and that personage strm k off the pri- 
phets I'haiiis, gave him f tod and a reward and set him at 
iiSrty, so J-r-niiali viiil not to Bibylon wiih his ciptive 
cut. try men. 



A. 



[For the /uremic Iiistruit"r. 

BOY'S -VOY^a-E I?.OXJlNriD 



( ( ''jii'imied. 



''plIH next day ih.' .ship was run close in shore, and two of 
\_ the Vjoats lowered, proviMoncd, and crews selected for a 
day's fishing and goat hunting on the island. 1 was one of the 
fjriunate one's selected and, with a. joyful and throbbing heart, 
lus-'gcdat nry oar with a will and plea:-urc I never knew bcf 're. 



My boyish dreams fiir years had centered on this spot, a spot so 
dear to the imagination of all youngsters. I knew "Friday" 
had long ago passed away, and only the descendants of the ori- 
ginal goats existed; but there was the "cave," the ingenious 
"palisade," the "green lawn," the "grape arbor," the pleasant 
valleys and the shady groves, and off to kcward towered the bold 
rocky bluff", up which, day after day, toiled the solitary mari- 
ner gazing with bitter disappointment over the lonely, sail-less 
sea. When our boat touched the shore, instinctively I looked 
along the sloping beach for the ''foot prints in the sand," for- 
getting for the moment that waves lashed by southern gales, 
and ripples fanned by the western breeze, had been rolling over 
the shore for nearly one hundred and fifty years since that hardy 
Scotchman, Selkirk, wandered by their side, listening to their 
sad murmur, or gazing on the angry spray and foam dashing 
against his sea bound home. 

The island looks beautiful from the sea, being high land and 
covered with verdure. It is situated in about 'Si° 3U', south 
latitude, and is distant some three hundred and fifty miles east 
from Valparaiso, on the coast of Chili. It is thirteen miles 
long and five wide. The only real harbor in the island, called 
by Lord Anson "Centurion Bay," has a good anchorage for 
ships. I; is open to the N. and E., but the only dangerous 
winds blow from the south-west, on which side are the high 
mountains, making it safe. Fish, principally the cod, bream 
and yellow-tail, are plentiful, in fact I never saw such an abun- 
dance. In less ttian an hour we filled our boat, usii'g only two 
lines, the hooks simply bated with a while rag. Wood is plen- 
tiful, and there is an abuudance of the best of water, streams 
flowing from every hill and running through the valleys. The 
soil is very fertile. Apples, peaches, quinces, grapes, melons, 
straw-berries and cherries grow to an astonishing size, and in 
large quantities. The fig and myrtle fl 'urish on the hillsides, 
and palms grow on the summit. Wild oats, wild radishes, 
mint, lichens, ferns and mosses grow in almost tropical luxuri- 
ance. The island is evidently volcanic, the rocks consisting of 
basaltic green stone, and trap, covered "with the decomposed 
lava, forming a loose but escclleut soil. I saw a few wild cattle 
and horses, and gave chase to a drove of wild goats. They are 
said to be as numerous on ttie island now as ever. We found 
them so wild it was impossible to get within gun shot of them. 
The island was originally stocked with tlie.se animals, it is said, 
by Juan Fernandez, a Spanish pilot, trading between Peru and 
the new settlements iu Chill. Hoping to find more favorable 
winds for the south, he left the usual route, timidly sailing along 
the coast, and stood out to sea, and in the progress of his voj'- 
age discovered the island, which bears his nanii'. Tiiis was in the 
year loO^i. Enchanted with the beauty of the island he applied 
to the k-'panish Government for a patent, and pernii^.sion to col- 
onize the place. This was not granted, an.l the island can.c to 
be employed as a rendezvous for liiwUss characters — a refuge 
for smugnlers, a hiding place lor pirates, the headquarters for 
buccaneers and a resting and recruiting i)hice lor English cir- 
cumnavigators not on a mujh higher level of morality. In the 
year 16S1 a buccmeer vessel, couiniandcd by Captain Watling, 
anchored in t!ie harbor to rest and refit. Oi this vessel at the 
same time was the afterwards celebrated navigator Captain 
William Daujpier. While in ihe bight of their en.joyment, on 
the 12th of January, the buccaneers were alirmed by the 
appearance of tliree vessels. Supposing them to be Spanish 
ships of w ir, Ciptaiu Watling put off to sea in all histe, leav- 
ing one of his crew, a .MoMinilo Indnin named William, upon 
the island. This man was ih.^ first l^oliin.son Cinsoe, the orig- 
inal hermit of this romantic i^l(^ \Vlu;n abandoned, William was 
in the woods hunting goals, lie h id with him his gun and 
knife, and a small quantity of powd r and shot. When his 
ammunition was expended, by cf)uverting his knife into a saw 
he cut his gun into pieces, of which he made harpoons, fish 
hooks and lances. Striking fire with hif gun flint and a piece 



-^[ 



^: 




0" TJ "V E nsr I L E IITSTI^TJOTOIS.. 



147 




of the barrel, he soon had wood burning. Iq the hot coals he 
heated his pieces of iron and hammered them into shape with 
stones, and on a stone ground them to an edge. He built a 
house, lining it with goat skins, and when his clothes wore out 
he supplied this want also'with goat skins. When the Span- 
iards learned that a Mosquito-man was left here they looked 
for him several times, but by retreating to a hiding place he 
always contrived to eludo^their search. 

Three years afterwards the buccaneer Bachelor's Ddiglit 
Captain Cook, on board of which Dampier was serving at the 
time with several of Captain Watling' sold crew, u.-ade the island 
and had the pleasure of rescuing William from his solitary life. 
William had seen the ship from the heights, and knowing her 
to be English by her build, killed several goats and dressed 
them with cabbage of the cabbage tree, to have a feast ready 
for his rescuers. Two ships fitted out by English merchants 
to cruise against the Spaniards in the South Sea, the St Utorfje.^ 
Captain Dampier, and the Cinque Ports^ Captain Stradling, ar- 
rived at Juan Fernandez, February, 1704. On board the Cinque 
J^orts,aotiag as sailing master, was Alexander Selkirk, a Scotch- 
man, born at Largo, in the County of Fife, in 1076. A violent 
quarrel arising between Selkirk and his commander, Stradling, 
which settled into a rooted hatred of each other, the former 
determined to leave the vessel the first opportunity that offered. 
This occurred about the beginning of S.ptember, 1704, when 
Stradling was obliged to return to Juan Fernandez to repair 
his vessel. It was at the end of this same month he bid a final 
adieu to his ship mates. Upon this i land he lived by himself 
four years and four mouths, following much the same life that 
his predecessor, the JMosquito Indian, had before him. In the 
month of February, 1709, the English privateers Du/,-e and 
Dudleys, Commodore Woods Eogers, anchored at the island. 
On the Uulce^ serving as pilot, was our old voyager, Captain 
Dampier. They brought off Selkirk, and on Dampier' s 
recommendation he was made second mate of the 
DuJce. After securing considerable booty the vessels ar- 
rived in England, in the month of October, 1711. From Sel- 
kirk's j'tory De Foe undoubtedly conceived the idea of ''Robin- 
son Crusoe," seizing the few facts as related by the Scotch 
sailor, he interwove them with the cieatioas of his vivid im- 
agination, and gave to the world a book still read by young and 
old, rich and poor, with feelings of pure delight, creating a 
lasting monument of his own genius, and a never fading name 
and fame for his hero. 

In the year 1741 Lord Anson, in the English Ship Centu- 
rion, vibited the island, the crew suffering terribly with the 
scurvy. A few months' sojourn, however, restored them to 
health. From Lord Anson's flag ship the harbor derives its 
name. In 17ol a Spanish settlement was started, but it was 
shortly afterwards destroyed by an eartb((uake, and for mai y 
years the island was only irregularly inhabited. The Chilian 
government, in ISiy, established a penal colony there, but the 
convicts, growing too numerous, rose on their guards and over- 
powered them. The cost of maintaining a military force strong 
enough to quell such insurrections was so great that the island 
was again abandoned to solitude. 



j^ be-A-TJTIfuxj i=k.j^"Z':bi^. 



P 



Father, now the day is past, 
On thy child this lilessing ca6t; 
Near uiy pillow, hand lu hand, 
Keep thy guardian angel band ; 
And throufrhout the darkline uight 
I'-less Die with a cheerful light, 
Let me rise at morn airuin, 
Free from every tliouyht of pain ; 
Passing through life's thorny way, 
Keoi) nic, Father, daj- by day. 



[For the JuvcniU Imtrucior. 



€i0itti$ltJf| ol €aittntott ^JHttgs. 



3^ET^ LS. 



OXLY sixty-five elements have yet been discovered. Of 
this number thirteen are called non-metals: the remaining 
fifty-two are metals. All knt wn forms of matter are thought 
to be made of these elements. Some of these substances are 
so very rare as to be of little importance to the chemist; even 
the existence of two or three is still in some doubt. The fol- 
lowing table contains a complete list of their names, together 
with other matter for future reference — 



NOX-MET.\LS. 



Names. 

Boron 

Bromine 

Carl)on 

Chlorine 

Flaorine 

Hydrogen 

Iodine 

Nitrogen 

Oxygen 

Phosphorus 

Selenium 

Silicon 

Sulphur 



Symbols. 

B 

Br 

C 

CI 

V 

H 

I 

N 

O 

r 

fc 
Si 



Aluminum 

Antimony or Stibium 

Arsenic 

Barium 

Bismuth 

Cadmium 

Civsium 

Calcium 

Cerium 

Chromium 

Cobalt 

Copper or Cuprum 

Didymium 

Krbium 

Glucinium 

(iold or Aurum 

Indium 

Iridium 

Iron or Ferrum 

Lauthanum 

Lead or Plumbum 

Lithium 

Magnesium 

Manganeee 

Mercury or Hj'drargyrum 

Molybdenum 

Nickel 

Niobium 

Norium 

Osmium 

Pnlladiutn 

Platinum 

Potassium or Kalium 

Rhodium 

Kubidinm 

liuthenium 

Silver or Arircntuni 

Sodium or Natrium 

Strontium 

Tantalum 

Terbium 

Tellurium 

Thallium 

Thorium 

Tin or Slaunum 

Titauium 

Tungsten or Wolfram 

Uranium 

Vanadium 

Yttrium 

Zinc 

Zirconium 



Combining 

Weight. 

11 

78 

6 
S6 
19 

1 

126 

14 

8 
Z2 
40 
33 
16 



Oxides. 
Boracic Acid 

Carbonic Acid 
Chloric Acid 

Water 

Nitric Acid 

PUosph. Acid 

Quartz 
Sulph. Acid 



MF/r.\T,S. 

Al 

Sb 

As 

Ba 

Bi 

Cd 

Cb 

Ua 

Ce 

Cr 

Co 

Cu 

1) 

E 

Gl 



14 

1^9 

15 

fi9 

213 

56 

123 

30 

46 

30 

30 

33 

48 



Clay 
Baryta 

Lime 



Au 


197 


Ju 


74 


Ir 


99 


Fe 


38 


La 


44 


Pb 


1 4 


Li 


7 


'R 


13 


Mn 


38 


Hg 


lUO 


Mo 


4S 


Ni 


30 


Nb 


91 


No 




Os 


100 


Pd 


54 


Pt 


!t9 


K 


39 


Rh 


53 


Rb 


85 


Ru 


53 


Ag 


lOS 


Na 


33 


Sr 


44 


Ta 


184 


Tb 




Te 


04 


Tl 


304 


Th 


60 


8n 


59 


Tl 


34 


W 


93 


U 


00 


V 


68 


Y 


S3 


Za 


S3 


Zr 


84 



Rust 

Litharge Ac. 
Magnesia 



Potassa 



Soda 
Strontia 




1^ 





14:8 



JTJ^EIISriLEI XJSrSTTtJJOrDOTt. 




\t S>\iii(nili Ittslruclor. 



CEORCE 0- CANNON 


EDITOR. 


SATUKDAY, SEPTMBEK 13, 


1873. 



E"R.TnsrC3- J^T LOC3-^lSr. 



(Coiiclwled) 



ADDRESS OF PRESIDENT G. A. SMITH. 





fcl>9'C^ '^ '^ "'^' ■worth while for me to undertake to 
describe the mysteries of this church, and 
time will not permit, for, for every inch of 
it the monks give you some new idea. 
There is a large stone on which they say 
the Savior was auoiuteJ for his buiial. I 
saw people lying on the pavement kissing 
that stone. Theie are three holes iu the 
ground, or in the rock, in which they say the 
crosses stood. I think it is very probable 
that the Savior was crucified very near there. 
I do not think that the Holy Sepulchre is 
located rightly, still it may be; but it would not 
surprise me, as long as there is such a disposi- 
tion on the part of professing Christians to 
ship idols, or things of wood and stone — relics 
his kind, if the Lord has deceived them in rela- 
to the whole of it. But whether it is so or not, 
iuow that the Savior was crucified in that vicin- 
ity, and that his crucifixion was designed to do 
away with all this idolatry. But when we realize that 
millions on millions of human beings have made pilgrim- 
ages to that place to worship and reverence those holy places 
and to kiss those stones, and probably men guilty of almost 
every crime, in hope of atoning for their wickedness, the place 
becomes one of very great interest. 

I visited the site of King Solomon's temple, now occupied by 
the Mosque of Omar. There is very little doubt that the place 
now occupied by the Mosque, one of the finest in the Mahom- 
medan world, is the one on which the temple stood. I also vis- 
ited the (rate of St. Stejihen — the place where he was stoned 
to death; the 3Iuunt of Olives, the Garden of Gethsemane, 
Bethlehem, where the Savior was born; the place where, tradi- 
tion says, the shepherds tended their flocks by night; the Pools 
cf Solomon, and the Dead Sea, where the cities of Sodom and 
Gomorrah, Aduiah and Zeboim were sunk for their wickedness, 
and a sea of filthy, salt, bituminous water occupied their place. 
I followed the va'ley of the Jordan almost the whole of its 
length, had a sail on the Sea of Galilee where the Savior 
Walked on the water; and to show you the reverence in which 
many Cliristians hold that sea I saw men worshipping it, lying 
on the water and kissing the rocks that come above, and kiss- 
ing the water. I spent a Sabbath at Nazareth, the place where 
the Savior lived many j'ears. I visited the old sites, as nigh as 
we could ascertain them, of the cities of Bethesda, Chorazin, 
and Capernaum, a place where the Savior lived some years. I 
tried hard to get a drink of water out of Jacob's well, a piece 
of the inheritaDcc that God gave to Jacob, and which Jacob 
presented to his son Joseph, and which fell into the hands of 
E[>hraim. 

We passed over a great many of those old historical places. 
There is scarcely any ruin existing now that can be with cer- 
tainty traced back to Israel. Nearly everything that Israel did 
has seeujingly been obliterated, and you can not wonder at it 
when you read the prophecies, in consciiucuce of their wicked- 



ness. The promises which were made, and which are contained 
in Deuteronomy and in many places in the prophets, have been 
fulfilled to the very letter; and most of the ruins which now 
remain in Palestine can be dated since the occupation of Israel. 
The brow of Mount Moriah — a rock upon which King Solo- 
mon's temple stood — the Mount of Olives, the place where the 
cross stood, the Valley of Jehosophat and a few localities like 
this mark the plac s where many of the lo 'able events recorded 
ill Scripture transpired, otherwise thei'eitical spots woulib; 
very uncertain. 

The country is barren and desolate — a great deal of it one 
vast limestone quarry, with a few plains, which we in this 
country would call valleys; and many valleys, which we would 
call ravines or canyons. This is the condition of that country, 
and until God, by His own great power, which He has prom- 
ised to display in His own due time, shall send back the rains 
and restore to the land its feriility, and break the band of the 
oppressor, the country will remain pretty much in its present 
condition. There are no roads through it, and the only way to 
travel through it is by a kind of bridle path or rough pack 
trail. We rode on horseback probably three or four hundred 
miles, on a way so rough that, here in Utah, we should call it a 
very rough pack trail; and in fact I never did ride over as 
rough ground in any country as I rjde over there. The Turk- 
ish Government do not want any roads, thcj' travel over the 
country with camels and on horseback. You see them carrying 
building material — rocks and timber on camels. I have seen 
sticks of timber thirty feet long balanced on the back of a 
camel. 

I am very thankful that I have been permitted to visit Pal- 
estine and see for myself, for it has enabled me to understand 
how thoroughly God has fulfilled the predictions of his holy 
prophets concerning Israel and that land. But I feel confident 
that, in his own due time, he will reclaim tlat land, and it will 
be the inheritance of the descendants of those people who 
formerly possessed it. Many of their descendants are still on 
the earth, a distinct and separate race, speaking the language 
of their fathers, and having to all intents and purposes many 
of the distinctive traits peculiar to the ancient race to which 
they belong, and bearing, in all the lands and countries in 
which they are scattered, the curses, in exact accordance with 
the predictions and prophecies concerning them. 



Length op Whales. — BIr. Scoresby, a very high authority 
on this subject, declares that the common whale seldom exceeds 
seventy feet in length and is much more frequently under 
sixty. Out of 322 whales, which he assisted personally in 
capturing, not one exceeded fifty-eight feet, and the larg- 
est of which he knew the reported measurement to be 
authentic came up to only sixty-seven feet. Two specimens of 
the rorqual or razor-back whale have been observed of lO.'j feet 
in length. One of these was found floating lifeless in Davis 
Straits, and the skeleton of the other was seen jn Columbia 
river, and must, tail and all when alive, have measured 112 
feet. Other specimens have measured a hundred, and 
many others from eighty to ninety feet. One cast on 
shore at North Berwick, Scotland, and preserved by 
Dr. Knox, was eighty-three feet in lengthl These instances 
seem to establish the average and extreme length of these 
huge animals. But with considerable credulity in earlier 
accounts, Cuvier, the eminent naturalist, says, stoutly: "There 
is no doubt that whales have been seen at certain epochs and in 
certain seas upward of 30O feet long, or 100 yards in length." 



The first regular bank was established at Venice iu 115T, 
The bank of Genoa was established in 1-107; that of Amsterdam 
in IGOO; of England, 1094. 





JTJ^EITILEI IIsrSTI^TJGTOI?>, 



149 




THE G- 1 K. J^ IF IF E 



^f 



HERE we have a beautiful engraving of the tallest, and one 
of the most inoffensive animals in creation. Its name is the 
giraife or camelopard. The latter name has probably been 
given to it because it is so beautifully marked something like the 
leopard; and its head so elosely resembles the camel's. The 
fullgrowQ gir- 
affe, in its native 
wilds, is from 
sixteen to eigh- 
teen feet high. 
Its favorite food 
are the shoots of 
the mimosa 
tree, and the 
acacia. The 
head of this 
giant of the 
wilds of Africa j 
is small, and is 
provided with 
two shorthorns, 
three or four 
inches long, 
crowned with 
tufts of stiff 
straight hair, 
which the ani- 
mal sometimes 
uses with tor- 
ritic force when 
defending itself 
from its ene- 
mies. The neck 
is furn ished 
with a short 
stiff mane. 
The tail is 
moderately long 
and tapering, 
and terminates 
with a tuft of 
long hair. The 
forepart of the 
body of this ani- 
mal is very 
short; the 
hinder part thin 
and meagre, 

To help it in 
obtaining itg 
food, from the 
branches uf tijU 
trees, the tongue 
of the giraffe is 
long and strong, 
and it can use it 
almost like some 
monkeys use 
their tails; they 

fold them around branches of trees and hang by them ; the 
giraffe can grasp branch s of trees with its tongue, and so pull 
them low eiidugh for it to feed. It seldom tries to feed upon 
t^nythitig on the ground, for long as its neck is it is quite a task 
for it to reach anything at its feet with its mouth. When it 
does do this, it places its forelegs very wide apart, as vou have 
probably seen very young colts do, and bends its neck into a 
semi-circular form. 




The giraffe does not butt with its horns, as the ox, sheep, 
or goat, but strikes with a sidelong sweep with its neck. It 
will never fight, if it can help it, hut when forced to do so, will 
strike with terrific violence wilh its forefeet and horns; and 
when forced to defend it.self it has been known to disable the 
king of the beasts — the lion. 
The young girafJe when born is six feet high from its fore- 
hoofs to the top 
of its head. 
Some of these 
animals have 
been raised in 
the Zoological 
gardens in Eu- 
rope, and per- 
haps i n this 
country. Tlie 
first one known 
to have been 
bi'rti in captivi- 
ty was in 1839, 
in the Zoologi- 
c a 1 gardeiis, 
London. A full 
^rown giraffe' in 
captivity will 
eat thirty-six 
pounds of food 
per day, halt of 
clover a:id hay, 
the remainder 
carrots, man- 
gold- wurzel, 
lar'ey, split 
beans and or- 
ions. 1 1 will 
drink four gal- 
lons of water 
per day. In se- 
lecting its food 
the giraffe is di- 
rected by sight 
much more than 
by snell or 
taste, and in 
1 ro >f of this, if 
is said that the 
green ariilicial 
flowers in the 
bonnets of la- 
dies visiting the 
gardens are of- 
ten stolen by 
these animals, 
and they are 
eaten with as 
much relish as 
if they were the 
genuine arti 
cles. 

The giraffo 

inhabits the interior of A'rica, frequenting the wooded plains 
and hills that skirt the deserts, or the verge of mighty forests, 
where groves of mimosa trees beautify the scenery ^ It is 
found in very large nmnbers in Nubia, a country which is 
situated in eastern Africa between Egypt and Abyssn.ia. 



Candor is a rare quality, better by far to be cultivated than 
sophisfry. 





ISO 



JTJ'VEJZsril-.E] IIsrSTI^/TJOTOI^. 




h: t 



S 1? O lEL Y OF 



THE 



WE have brought the history up to the close of the year 
1847. From the time of the murder of the prophet 
Joseph and his brother, Hyrum, tlie patriarch of the Church, 
great changes had been effected and many important events had 
transpired. The wicked supposed that in killing the prophet 
of God they would destroy the work of God. They therefore 
eagerly sought his life. They had tried to enJangle him in the 
toils of the law and had accused him of every imaginable crime; 
but in every instance they had signally failed to sustain their 
charges. Whenever he had a fair trial, he was, in every 
instance, acquitted of all wrong-doing. Despairing of accom- 
jjlishiog their ends by false accusations, his enemies determined 
that as thej' could not reach him by the law they would have 
recourse to powder and ball. They succeeded in slaying him 
and imbrued their hands in innocent blood, and they brought a 
condemnation upon themselves and the nation that will yet have 
to be atoned for. But the work of God did not stand still. 
The Lord raised up President Young to take the presidency of 
the church and tr> carry forward the work, assisted by his bre- 
thren, of which Joseph had laid the foundation. When we 
look back after the lapse of upwards of a quarter of a century, 
on the labors which were accomplished from the fall of 1844 to 
February, 1840, the time the pioneers left Nauvoo, we are 
astonished at their magnitude. Surrounded and harassed by 
mobs, who burned houses, destroyed fields of grain and fences, 
dr.ivi: ofiF cattle and hogs and plundered the people in every 
way, threatening their lives and, in some instances, killing them, 
the Saints, nevertheless, steadily pursued their labors upon the 
Temple and in other directions. The temple was roofed in and 
endowments were given to hundreds and many important ordin- 
ances were attended to in the midst of these difficulties. Besides 
working upon the temple and attending to the other labors, 
ample preparations were made for the exodus of the church 
from Illinois. Hundreds of wagons were built with which to 
travel in the wilderness, and other preparations, such as the 
poverty of the people admitted of, were made. All this work, 
it may be i-aid, had lo be done with the rifie in one hand and 
the tool or iuijilementof labor in the other; for the mob were 
constantly njaking attacks and threatening the people, and it 
was only by constant vigilance and strict and continual guarding 
that they were kept at bay. The year 1.846 was spent in trav- 
eling in the wilderness and forming settlements at Garden 
Grove, Mount I'iggah, at Council Bluffs and Winter Quarters. 
It was an important year in traiiiing the people to camp life, 
and in making them familiar with the labors necessary for the 
settlements in these mountains. During this year the battalion 
was called for by the general government and the valiant men 
who composed that body, volunteered to go to California and if 
necessary fight the battLs of the country. They did this, feel- 
ing that the salvation, ten porally speaking, of the church 
required this at their hands. It was necessary to allay the .jeal- 
ousy which was entertained towards the Latter day Saints in 
some quarters, and the volunteering of this battalion was the 
best means of accomplishing this. President Young was led 
to promise them that they should not, if they did their duty, 
be under the necessity of going into battle, and that none of 
their lives should be lost bv fighting enemies, which was liter- 
ally fulfilhd. 

The j'car 1847 will always be known in the history of the 
church as one of the most important years known in our calen- 
dar; for it was in this year that the pioneer.s, led by President 
Brigham Young and under the guidance of the Almighty, 
started out from Winter Quarters, explored the Western wilds, 
reached Great Salt Lake \'allcy, designated it as the place of 
gathering for the Saints, laid out the foundation o' Salt Lake 



City, planted seeds and grain and returned again to Winter 
Quarters, having performed a journey, the results of which are 
without a parallel in history. It was during this year also, that 
large companies of families of the Saints, following in the track 
of the pioneers, crossed the plains and took up their abode in 
that region. This year was important also from the fact that 
in its month of December the first presidency of the church 
was again organized with a president and two counselors. 

When future generations read the work that was accom- 
plished by the Latter-day Saints from the year 1844 to 1847 
they will be astonished: for God showed the inhabitants of the 
earth that his work was not bound up in nor dependent upon 
the life even of him whom he had chosen to be the founder of 
his church in the last days. He also showed the inhabitants of 
the earth his great power in accomplishing such wonderful 
results through the means of an insignificant and poor people, 
who were disposed to do his will. Never did the church pros- 
per from its organization as it did after the slaying of Joseph, 
Hi' murderers thought to arrest and destroy the work of God; but 
the old saying "that the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the 
church," was illustrated in this case. Joseph was dead, so far 
as this life was concerned, but he lived in the spirit world, and 
doubtless there, as he had done here, helped move forward the 
cause of Zion in mighty power. The Church of God was 
transplanted from the midst of its enemies to a land where it 
had abundant room to expand and become strong and mighty, 
without being interfered with by any other power. The labors 
of the missionaries in foreign lands were crowned with plentiful 
harvests, and the work moved forward withjgreater rapidity in 
its various departments than it had ever done before. 



^ISTEOIDOTES OIP "vATILID 

(Con/i'iiued.) 



AWEITER in Land and Water thus pleasantly relates what 
he knows of the King of Beasts: 

The public must feel some difficulty in forming a true esti- 
mate of the prowess of the African lion from the number of 
conflicting statements made by different travelers and hunters. 
The truth appears to be that, while each one has formed an 
opinion from the behavior of the particular animals they 
chanced to meet with, the fact that every single lion differs 
from another in temper and disposition has been allowed to 
drop out of sight. That some lions will make a poiut of attack- 
ing any human being they see without the slightest provocatii n 
admits of no doubt, while it is at least equally certain that 
there are others that can hardly be forced to retaliate, and 
which, even when wounded, will always rather nm than fight. 

Generally speaking, and subject to the above exceptions, I 
have found that the lion of South-eastern Africa rarely goes out 
of its way to attack people; will, in point of fact, shun a conflict 
when avoidable. There is nearly always some exp!anati( n of 
its behavior when it acts otherwise; either the hunter has 
approached so near before seen that the animal is afraid to turn 
tail, and, urged by its very fears, makes a charge; or it may be 
half famished, and, having got hold of some prey, either of 
your killing or its own, will not quit it without a contest, or, if a 
a lioness with cubs, will fight in defense of their supposed danger. 

In all the above cases, utter immobility and coolness will often 
avert an attack. If the animal, judging by your behavior, 
imagines that you do not want to hurt it, it will, after trying 
you for several minutes, and even making one or two sham 
charges, often walk away and allow .vou to do the same; but 
merely rai-ing the arm, much less pointing the gun at it, is sure 
to make it come on. One or two instances of this occur to me. 
A large native hunting party had gone out, and were scattered 



irf 





J- TJ^ El IT I LEI IIsrSTie/TJOTOI^ 






over the thorns. One of my gun bearers, who had gone with 
it, suddenly found himself face to face with a full grown male 
lion, without a yard between them. He had presence of mind 
enough to stand perfectly still, without even attempting to take 
one of the spears he carried in his left hand into the other. 
After a couple of minutes the brute turned away, turning 
around every second to watch him. Before going far it met 
another man, who raised his spear, as if to throw it. It 
instantly sprang on him, and inflicted such wounds that he died 
within half an hour. I have no doubt that if this man also 
had stood still he would have been perfectly safe. Again, a 
hunter of mine was following buffalo tracks into some thickets; 
suddenly a male lion rose out of one of them and snarled at 
him; he had hardly seen it when another, about three-quarters 
grown, showed itself a little on one side, and from behind he 
heard the low growling of a third. Partly turning, so as to 
watch them all, he saw the latter was a lioness; and that three 
cubs, not much larger than cats, were f illowing their mother, 
one of them running toward him without showing the least fear. 
He had, unawares, got into the centre of a lion family. Tlie 
lioness, in fear of her offspring, rushed up, and, as he after- 
ward described it, fairly danced round and round him, spring- 
ing to within a yard of him, sideways, backwards, and every 
way but on him. In this case, also, he stood still without any 
movement, for, as he said, it was a hundred to one he did not kill 
the mother, and, suppose he had, the other two would have 
soon avenged her. It ended by their ultimately retiring into 
the thicket, and watching him as he cleared out. Had he been 
nervous, or done anything but remain quiet, there is no doubt 
l.e woulil not have come out alive. 

On the other hand, a lion will seldom stand much bullyir.g. 
He may and often will, get out of your way; nay, even leave 
his iiroy if you approach it, and should you follow hiiu, will 
perhaps do so a second time, but that is about the extent of it. 
He scams to argue: ''I've retired twice, and here you are at me 
a"ai • well, it you must have it, come on nearer, if you dare;" 
and then if a male, he growls deeply and makes his mane bris- 
tle ap rou:}d him; or, if a lioness, crouches down like a cat, lays 
her ears back, and shows her teeth. In any case you are in fur 
it the brute is lairly roused, and retire or advance as you like, 
a charge is inevitable. 

I lived for many years among these animals, and their very 
name recalls innumerable recollections and anecdotes. 

Perhaps the most beautiful sight I ever saw in connection 
with them, worth all the Zoos in the world, was on a morning 
I had gone out to hunt with one bearer at dawn. I had not 
<'one far from camp, and my gun was still unloaded, when I 
was examining some buffalo spoor, while on looking up I saw 
my gun-bearer, who had my cartridges, running away at fall 
speed. Knowing he must have seen something to frighten him 
so I did not shout, but went to where he had been standi ig, a 
few yards ahead, and there, sure enough, not twenty yards 
off were a pair of lions; the lioness rolling on its back and 
striking at the male's head with its fore paws like a kitten, 
while he stood majestically above her. I stopped a moment to 
watch them and it was well worth it, and then rushed off after 
my kaffre to load. The position was good, and I might have 
killed one to a certainty; but when I had succeeded in getting 
him down from the top of a big tree, and went back, they had 
gone. I suppose they must have got our wind. No doubt they 
had been hunting all night, and had been down to the river to 
drink preparatory to going te bed. 

I do not think the lion deserves his title as king of beasts, 
though perhaps he is the most noble looking. Elephants are 
decidedly more sagacious, and the black rhinoceros {upetijanc) 
is certainly more dangerouj, and cither of the two could kill 
him in a few moments, with but little danger to themselves. 
Indeed, he cannot manage an old buffalo bull, unless he takes 
t by surpi ise. 




Until lately they were to be found in Natal, and in troops in 
the Zulu country, but have retired back with the game, and, 
except on the Zulu coast, there are now only a few stiay ones 
until .vou reach the Ubombo Mountains. There, along the 
b.inks of the rivers Pongolo, Xkwavuma, Usuiu, and more 
especially the Mbuluzi and Mbulzane, they abound, troops of 
ten or twelve being by no means rare. Like all the feline tribe 
they hunt more by night than by day, but in the uninhabited 
districts they prowl about by daylight, especially when hungry. 
When their hunting has been successful they sleep the whole 
day in some thicket hard by their prey, returning to it afer 
their evening drink, as, like all carnivora, they must drink f e- 
quently, and their presence is a sure sign of water being near. 

Their favorite food is buflfalo and zebra, preferably the latter, 
though they generally go after the former, as they are more 
easily stalked from frequenting the thicker parts of the jungle. 

Sometimes when attracted by meat, they will come and roar 
all night within a few yards of the camp, and cases have occur- 
red when they have attacked it. I remember one man, a Euro- 
pean, who spent a night in a tree watching a male lion 
which had sprung into the camp and seized a piece of meat, 
kindly taking no notice of the terrified scramble he caused, and 
which, alter roaring for a little, was joined by two lionesses, the 
three proceeding to eat all the bufi'alo-meat in stock, one always 
keeping guard while the other two went to water. 

This is a habit of theirs when they have killed anything, to 
protect it from vultures, wolves, and jackalls, which, if not pre- 
vented, would pick the bones clean in a few minutes. 

I know a Dutch hunter, a very powerful man, who was once 
sleeping out near the Nkwavuma. He had been unsuccess- 
fully pursuing game all day, and had made no camp fence or 
other protection, as he had got no meat with him. During 
the night he was awoke by something catching hold of his arm. 
Thinking it was a wolf he made a tremendous effort to free 
himseU', striking out at it with the disengaged arm. The blow 
was such that if it did not knock the animal down it at any rate 
drove it back, and enabled him to snatch up his rifle and fire. 
The lion, as to his astonishment it turned out to be, jumped 
away roaring, and next mornina was fuu-id dead a few yurds 
off. 

I to be continued ) 



A Child, A Paxtiier, a.su a Dou.— A p.intlicf once 
attempted to carry off a^ child in Nevada. The child, which 
was a little girl three years old, was playing before the open 
door, while its mother was sweeping. The panther, which 
crept near, suddenl.v leaped upon the child, seized her by the 
shoulder, and turned to flee with her, when a powerful ami 
ferocious mastiff that was sitting in the house, near the open 
door, dashed out, and seized th^ paiither by the throat. The 
wild beast dropp d the child, which was not hurt, and then a 
furious fijht ensued between the panther and the mastifl". The 
dog tore open the panther's throat with his teeth, and the pan- 
ther tore the flesh from the dog's sides with its claws. The 
mother of the child rushed out, and rescued her darling from 
beneath the feet of the maddened combatants, and carried her 
into the house; then seized a lifle that was standing in a corner, 
and hastened to the help of the mastifl". She fired at random, 
but the bullet struck the panther in the siioulder and passed 
clear through his body. He fell to the ground; and the dog, 
now uterly furious with the rage of the combat, soon hni^licii 
him. 



I TlUNiv the first virtue is tj restrain the tongue; heap 
proachos nearest to the gods who knows how to be silent, even 
though he is in the right. 



%J> 



aaii?'" 



w 



15S 



vJTJ'V^SISriLE insrSTI^TJGTOI^. 




CATECHISM FOR S L N U A Y SCHOOLS. 



ighl tf 



<S«6/t'f<— MlSTOKT OF JoSEtfl. 
LKSSON iXXV 

Q. — Whose land di.l ,t thc^n liccorae':' 

A. — Pharaoh's land. 

Q. — Whose 1 iid wa^ it, that Josejih did i.ol biij-? 

^i ■• The land of the . licsts. 

y — Fiow did the pr.ests manage to live? 

A —Pharaoh assigned them a poition. 

<-i.— What did Joseph do with the land? 

A. — He let the people have it to sop" and gave thcni seed. 

Q- — VViiat share of- the increase was Pharaoh to have? 

A.— One fifth. 

Q. — What did the people llicii say? 

A.— "Thtu Last saved our lives; lot us find grace in the 
my loid, and we will he Pharaoh's servants." 

Q- — What law did Joseph make over the hind of Egypt? 

A —"That Pharaoh shall have the fifth part." 

Q. — What exception was made to tliis law ? 

A. — "The land of the Priest only, which became not Pharaoh's." 

Q- — How did Israel prosper in Goshen ? 

A.— "They had possessions therein, and grew, and miilliiilied ex- 
ceedingly." 

Q. — How long did Jacob live in E'_'y[)t? 

A. — Seventeen years. 

Q. — How ol J was he tlien ? 

A. — One hundred and forty-seven. 

Q — What request did Jacob make of lii.s son Joseph ? 

A. — That he would not liury him in Egyj)!. 

Q. — Wlicrcdid he wish to I'c buried ? 

A. — lu the burying place of his fathers. 

Q — What answer did Joseph muke ? 

A — "I will do as thou liasl said." 

Q. — liid this satisfy Jacob? 

A. — No, Joseph had to swear unto him, lljat lie would do so. 

LESSON XXXIV. 

Q— After these things came lo pass, wimt wa* tol 

A. — That his father was sick. 

Q.— When Joseph went to see his father, what did he take with him? 

A. — His two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. 

Q.— When Israel knew thimi to be Joseph's sons what did he sny ? 

A.— "Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless tlicm." 

Q— When Joseph took his sons to Jacob how did lie receive tliem ? 

A. — "He kissed them, aiid embraced tliem." 

Q-— Which was the oldest of Joseph's sons ? 

A. — Manasseh. 

Q.— I'pon whom did Jacob place liis right hand while blessing them ? 

A. — Ephraim. 

y. — Did Jacob iinder.stand what lie was doing? 

A. — Yes, he guided his hands willinirly. 

Q. — When Joseph saw the right h;ind of liis bitho 
the younger son, how did he feci ? 

.•\. — "It displease I him." 

Q —When Joseph wanted his father to 
hands, did Jacob do so? 

A- — No, he replied and said, "I know it 

Q.— What furtlier did he say ? 

A. — "lie also shall lie great: but Irnly his youiiL'er brother shall lu; 
greater Ih.m he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations." 

Q. — How did Jacob saj' Joseph should be blesBed ? 

A. — "God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh." 

Q. — What did Israel then say unto Joseph ? 

A.— "Behold, I die." 

Q. — What promise did he make to Joseph '' 

A — That God should be with him and biiiiL' him ngain In Ihc' 1 md 
of his fathers. 



I Joseph 



on the head of 

change the position of his 
my son, I know it" 






i=oi=i=iisra- ooK.isr. 



And there the.v sat and popped the coru, 

John Stiles and Susan Cutter ; 
John Stiles as stout as any ox, 

And tiusan as fat as butter. 
And there they sat and shelled the corn, 

And raked and stirred the fire, 
And talked of different kinds of care. 

And hitched their chairs up nigher. 

Then Susan she the poj'per shook, 

Then John he took the popper, 
Till both their faces grew as red 

As saueep.iis made of copper; 
And then they shelled and popped and ate, 

All kinds of tm a poking, 
And he haw-hawed at her remarks. 

And she laughed at his jokuig. 

And still Ihcj' pipped and still they ate, 

(John's mouth was like a hopper). 
And stirrel the lire and sprinkled salt, 

And shook and shook the popper. 
The clock struck nine, the clock struck ten. 

And still the corn kept popping; 
It struck eleven and thou struck twelve. 

And still DO signs of stopping. 

And John he ate, and Sue she thought. 

The corn did pop and patter. 
Till John cried out, "The corn's afire! 

Why, Susan, what's the mutter?" 
Said slie, "John Stiles, it's one o'clock, 

Y'ou'li die of indigestion ; 
I'm sick of all this popi-iing corn ; 

Why don't you pop the question ';" 



TE-IE LI^rTL'S iP-EOIE^I-i E. 



%^ 



He that gives lii^ luinJ to oL.-s'tvo, will nioct Many thing 
even in vulgar matters, worthy of observation, 



A dreary place would I e this earth. 
Were there no iitlie people in it; 

The song of life would lose its nurth. 
Were there no cliildien lo bigiii it; 

No litlle for.-ns, like luids to grow. 

And make the admiring heart surrender; 

No little liaiuls on lu-easl and lirow. 

To keep the thrilling love chords tender. 

Tiie sterner souls would .i,row more stern. 
Unfeeling nature more inhuiimn, 

And man to stoic coldness turn, 

And woman would be less than woman, 

Life's song, indeed, would lose its charm, 
Were there no bal'ies to begin it ; 

A doleful place this world would be. 
Were there no little people in it. 



Witty s:iyiiigsav',' as easily lost as pearls slipping off a broken 
string; but a word of kindness is seldom spoken iu v; in. It is 
a seed wliieh, even when dropped by ehan'je, .springs up a 
flnwer. 



J-XJ"V"ElNriI_iIi] IISrSTI?.XJGTO±-i. 

Is piib'nlitnl in Salt Lake Cii.y, Utah Territory, 
I-A'EKY UTHKR .SATUUDAY. 



GE not. dNM N, EDirOA) &. PUaLISH&K>. 



T E 11 Jl S IN AD V A N C E 

Hmyle Copy, per Annum :{.:; 00. 

i3f Grain lironght to this city for the Juvenile Instkuctoh will 
be received at the ojlice of.puper— Deseubt News Buildings. 



L3»,. 




