
fjBlhtfSS to t\t $M)}\ 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1873. 



NO. 



TZHZIEi IR, IE -A. ID 1 1ST <3- O IE 1 T HI E PERIOD 




A FEW cen- 
turies ago 
very few peo- 
ple could read, 
for books were 
scarce and 
dear; but uow 
they are plenti- 
ful aud cheap, 
and nearly 
everybody 
learns to read, 
and the taste 
for reading aud 
the liking for 
books are very 
general. Take 
nine out of 
every ten chil- 
dren, and you 
can scarcely 
please them 
more than by . 
giving them a 
book. This has 
been brought 
about by the 
improvements 
in the print- 
ing press, by 
means o i 
which books 
can now be 
printed very 
fast. This 
condition of 
things is much 
more desira- 
ble than that 
which existed 
in times when 
none but the 
rich owned 
books or were 
able to read. 
Then the poor 
everywhere 




were ignor- 
ant, now they 
can read and 
inform their 
minds, and 
hence they are 
much more in- 
telligent than 
they were 
formerly. The 
printing press, 
then, ynu can 
see, has been 
the means of 
doing a great 
amount of 
good in the 
world. No- 
body can deny 
this, and no- 
body can deny 
that it might 
be the means 
of doin g a 
great deal 
more than it 
has done. If 
all the reading 
matter printed 
were pure in 
tone, then the 
printing press 
would be the 
source of much 
greater good 
to the world 
than it has 
ever been, but 
unfortunatly 
very many bad 
books are 
printed as well 
as good ones, 
books whose 
coutents cor- 
rupt and de- 
prave the mind 





50 



JUYE1TILE IHSTBTJOTOR. 





as well as books which iufurm aud cultivate it. Iu this country 
aud in Eugland there is what is called a free press; that 
is, almost anything can be printed without the government 
of either country doing anything to stop it. It is a good deal 
so in Fratice, and in all three of these couutries great uuuibers 
of impure books are priuted, aud then read by the people, 
which is the cause of many great aud serious evils. 

To all who have a taste fir it there is scarcely anything more 
fascinating than reading. This, like printing, would be a very 
good thing if only good books were read. But good books, as 
a rule, are not auiusiug, aud when persons, especially the young, 
give way to a passiou for reading for amusement only, they are 
in a dangerous path. That is why "The readiug of the 
period" — the title given to our eugraviug — deserves such strong 
condemnation. It is written aud priuted for the amusemeut of 
its readers only. It consists mostly of foolish love stories, 
adventures of a startling and unlikely character, and anything 
and everything seusational aud exciting, and the more unlike 
the truth the more eagerly this stuff is read. This kind of 
reading is priuted iu cheap weekly or monthly periodicals, aud 
none but the confirmed reader of novels aud stories can tell 
how eager and hungry the victims to this bad habit are to 
obtain each succeeding nu uber of the journals or magazines 
containing the coutiuuatiou of the tales or novels they have 
commenced to read. Here even, in Salt L.ike city, you see 
young folks iu the bonk stores buying these periodicals and 
eagerly reading their contents. This is very much to be 
• id, for they are, unwittingly, bringing about a diseased 
state of mind, which they will perhaps live to deplore, aud 
whose effects will be as difficult to cure as they who u=e tobacco, 
opium or strong drink find it to overcome the desire for these 

thin.'-. 

The mind, like the body, i ;m and must be properly trained, 
or it will never be able to do much. The thinking powers of 
the five-year old boy are not equal to those of the pbilosoph l- 
or states nan; yet the difference between them is only the result 
of training. The philosopher would never have become one 
had it not been for the mental training he has received. Read- 
ing uovels to excess renders the mind unable to study, for it 
destroys its powers. A confirmed novel reader can not keep 
his thoughts steadily fixed ou any subject long enough to under- 
• r i'. 'I I'll Uiasl r it~ details; and if by any effort he should read 
the whole of a really useful book, it will have been a great task 
and the rea ler will be about as ignorant of the contents of the 

fter b ■ has rea 1 it as before— hi-, memory is so poor that 

he can n il t all set what he has read. But give such a person 

some of "the reading ol the day," novels or novelettes, illus- 

I papers full o! trashy stories, or newspapers filled with 

. its ol murders, robberies, hangings, Buicides. and the 

r that can be mentioned, written in language no) fit 

for the ears of children "r of refined people, and it is eagerly 

rea I. and it is almost impossible to get igh of it. 

To attempt to describe the evils that flow from bad reading 
. rcq lire much more space than '.v i can afford and it would 

a before you got through it. But then i the best of rea- 

believe tb it the increase of crime of every kind through- 
out the land i- largely due t > it. Thousands of boys an I girls 

' lbyit,and of the improper mental training 

thus received they take to evil practices as naturally as a young 

duck t ikes !•• the water. Boys ami girls, w hope noi f you 

are fond of "The (leading of the Period." II' you see any 

i y I l.T than you are who road the kind of books we 

have been mentioning, o . r mi d that. Do not follow their 
example. No go.,.] can result to you bj id A pure 

D I till pric •; and Well train) d menial 

powers are more t" be desired than all the wealth of the world. 
Both are within your reach, but not if you read impu 
I'r- rve them, and you preserve that which will be a U 
to yourselves and your generations after you; lose them and 



you do that which will be a disadvantage to you through life, 
aud which will affect your posterity. This is true of both 
sexes. 5lou may be too young now to fully appreciate this 
statement; but if you live to be men and women, you will learn 
that it is true. If you wish to preserve the one and possess 
the other, take the advice of one who has the greatest solicitude 
for your future welfare, and never indulge in "The Reading 
of the Period." 



h: t 



S T O IR, "Z* O IF 

a -Ei u :r, g hi. 

(Continued.) 



THE 



MMIE men of the battalion were greatly worn down by their 
J. heavy marching and the scarcity of provisions. The rations 
were reduced to the lowest possible poiut. TUeir cloi lies were 
almost gone, their shoes Were Woru out aud many were com- 
pelled to make uioeassius out of raw hide. 'J hese mocassins, 
when dry, were as hard as sheet iron, aud cut the feet ot the 
Wearers. Some of the mea went bareloot, but the country over 
whicU they marched was lull ol various kinds ol tUe cactus and 
other thoiuy plants, and they suffered great auuoyaucc aud paiu 
from them. I'liese difficulties, however, Were uot tkj Worst 
the men had to co ate. id With, i'uere Were two or three ouicors 
who seeaied to forget their oOligatious as Latter-day iSamis and 
who, because they happened to have a little brief authority, 
acted towards their Luvthren iu a tyrannical aud uulechng 
manner. The men would probably have resented this treat- 
ment by acts ol violence had they uot been restrained by the 
prudent counsels of Brothers Levi W. Hancock aud Lavid 
Pettegrew. These brethren from their age aud experience 
Were looked upon as fathers by the youug meu, aud they were 
able by their influence, to do a great amount of good. 

The remainder of the trip to the Pacific coast was exceedingly 
hard ou both men aud animals. .Most, ot the. distance was over 
deserts where the sand was very deep aud neither water nor 
grass to be louad, but the same cheerfulness aud determtuatiou 
On the part of the meu which had previously characterized the 
battalion bore them up to the end of the journey, which they 
reached Very opportunely, just iu time to prevent by their 
presence the Mexicans from miking au intended effort to regam 
possession of California. It was on the 27th of Jauuary, 1S47, 
that the battalion passed Missiou Sau Luis li^y, pleasantly 
situated on an elevated piece of laud, aud ascended a liltl wlieii 
the calm, unruffled bosom of the t'acilic Ocean burst upon 
their view. Many of the meu theu beneld an ocean lor the 
first time iu their lives. The columns halted to give them the 
opportunity of gazing upon the scene. Every eye was turned 
towards its placid surface, every heart beat with Uuuttercd 
pleasure, every soul was lull of thankluluess, but every tongue 
was Bllent, fin all li'lt too lull to give vent to any expression. 
They bad marched many a long day, aud had Wearily trudged 
from the Missouri river, enduring many privations and hard- 
ships to reach this point, aud though weary, ragged and many 
barefoot they could .still enjoy the scene. The surrounding 
lulls were covered with wild oats and grass nearly a loot high, 
growing as luxuriantly as grass was seen at Midsummer iu the 
States where the members of the battalion had formerly lived. 
'I'o ■ In r/. • IV. mi the ocean, as it winged its Way up that feitile 
valley, was very sweet and refreshing to the tired men. The 
abundance of fat beef, which was now served out as rations to 
the battalion, was exceedingly grateful to them reduced as 
they were for want ol lood. They continued their march, aud 
00 the 30th of January they reached San Diego .Mission, close 
to the port of tli it name, where they took up their quarters. 
Here the Commander of the battaliou issued the following 
order. 





J" TJ "V B IsT I !_. IE HTSTRTJCTOR. 



51 



" Headquarters, Mission of San Diego. 
January 30th, 1847. 

" Lieut. Colonel commanding congratulates the battalion on 
its safe arrival on the shores of the Pacific Ocean, and the con- 
clusion of its march of over two thousand miles. History may 
be searched in vain for an equal march of infantry; nine-tenths 
of it through a wilderness, where nothing but savages and wild 
beasts are found, or deserts where, for want of water, there is 
no living creature. There, with almost hopeless labor, we have 
dug deep wells, which the future traveler will enjoy. Without 
a guide who had traversed them, we have ventured into track- 
less prairies, where water was uot found for several marches. 
With crowbar and pick-axe in hand, we have worked our way 
over mountains, which seemed to defy aught save the wild 
goat, and hewed a passage through a chasm of living rock, 
more narrow than our wagons. To briug these first wagons to 
the Pacific, we have preserved the strength of the mules by 
herding them over large tracts, which you have laboriously 
guarded without loss. 

"The garrison of four Presidios of Sonora, concentrated within 
the walls of Tucson, gave us no pause : we drove them out with 
their artillery; but our intercourse with the citizens was 
unmarked by a single act of injustice. Thus marching, half 
naked and half fed, and living upon wild animals, we have 
discovered and made a road of great value to our country. 

" Arrived at the first settlement of California, after a single 
day's rest, you cheerfully turned off from the route to this point 
of promised repose, to enter upon a campaign, and meet, as we 
believed, the approach of the enemy; and this, too, without 
even salt to season your sole subsistence of fresh meat. 

'' Lieutenants A. J. Smith and Geprge Stoueman, of the 1st 
Dragoons, have shared and given valuable aid iu all tbe^e 
labors. 

"Thus, volunteers, you have exhibited some high and 
essential qualities of veterans. But much remains undone. 
Soon you will turn your strict atteution to the drill, to system 
and order, to forms also, which are all necessary to the soldier. 

"By order of Lieut. Col. P. St. George Cooke, 

(Signed) P. C. Merrill, Adjt." 
( To be continued. > 



IP^TTIL 



FORTUNE. 
{Concluded.) 



GOOD 




"T NEVER heard such stupidness! Dj you really intend to 
1 restore that pocket-book, if inquired for? No one saw 
you pick it up." 

" Yes, One did, who sees all things; but I shall not count the 
money now; my father will do that when he comes home and 
keep it until we hear of the owner." 

" A.ud that owner reward you with his thanks, or, perhaps, 
a miserable five or ten dollar note." 

" I shall rejoice to have earned that much honestly." 
The walk home was far less pleasant to the two boys; Julian 
all the way coveting a share of that newly-found treasure, aud 
Paul grave and silent with the responsibility of bis charge. 
They no longer hunted the brown squirrel, nor paused to watch 
the fish leaping to the surface as the sunbeams danced upon tho 
water, nor plucked the wild flowers iu their path — *.ven the 
hidden bouquet was forgotteu— but they hurried on to the cot- 
tage, where Julian, uttering a hasty good "good-bye," mounted 
his horso and rode away. 

Mr. Hampton held a situation as clerk in an oflico in the 
town; he always went there early, but the following moming 
Paul accompanied him. They bought a paper, eagerly scanning 



the advertisements under the head of "Lost," and with a 
wildly beating heart, Paul read aloud, "$200 Reward," then 
followed a description of the pocket-book and its contents. 
§200 1 He was breath'ess with excitement. 

" This appears to be the property of Owen Wainright, one 
of our leading merchants," said Mr. Hampton, "you shall take 
it to him, my bo3 r , relating how and where you found it." 

It was uot loug before Paul returned, his handsome face 
glowing with pleasure. "After inquiring my name, father," 
said he, "aud your employment, Mr. Wainright asked what I 
should do with the reward? I answered give it all to father, 
for he will know best how to lay it out. So here it is, sir," 
aud Paul counted out ten §20 bills. 

"Aud a real godsend it is, Paul." 

" But stay — you have not heard all. Mr. Wainright seemed 
pleased with my answer, and taking S25 more from the pocket- 
book gave it to me, also, saying 'This, my honest boy, is for 
yourself He next asked me my age, aud oh! father, I do 
believe my fortuue is made, for I am to come again, bringing 
you with me, to-morrow moruing, aud he promises to give me 
then a 'post of trust' in his warehouse; aud, father, on my way 
here, I met old Miss Elmwood, who once had the school-house 
near our cottage, and she is going with me to the dry goods 
store, to help me choose two pretty dresses for mother and 
Dora; and, dear father, try to get off with me after noon — we'll 
go home together and have a real banquet together in honor of 
this good luck." 

Mr. Hampton made a sign iu token of assent, for at that 
moment he could not speak. 

Oh. what a happy evening that was ! The little cottage in 
the valley resounded with the children's songs aud ehe' rs, as 
Paul's " banquet," for so they called it, was partaken. I 
question if the great house upon the hill was half so joyful a 
place. 

It was wonderful what that $200 effected. It put a bright 
paper on their little parlor walls, aud a new carpet over 
the floor, so strewn with rosebuds and green leaves that one 
feared to crush them by walking on it. Trees aud shrubs were 
planted iu the garden, and flowers round the windows — oh, you 
would hardly know Dale Cottage uow. 

Even Juliau Rivers is convinced that it was a far wiser, as 
well as more honorable course, to restore that niouey, for Paul 
advances each year iu Lis situation. 

And dear little Dora is so proud of her brother ! She will 
now and then remember a highly important commission and 
write him a note, sending it by some one going to town, mcrely 
for the pleasure of seeiug the direction, "Paul Hampton, care 
of Owen Wainright, Esq." 

"Here's another letter from your sweetheart, Paul," said a 
fellow clerk one day. 

"No, it's from my own, dear little sis," was Paul's reply, 
"but if I uicet with such another true, kind girl for a sweet- 
heart, also, I shall think myself a lucky fellow." 

Aud so Paul keeps steadily upon his course, with every 
prospect of future advancement, and with the brightest hopes 
of growing up to a noble manhood, in spite of his humble 
beginning. His employer places the greatest confidence iu 
him, and Dora is justly proud of her brother. They have both 
learned, on more than one occasion, the truth of the old maxim 
— Honesty is the best policy: for does not Paul owe all his 
bright prospects to that oue little act of restoring the lost 
pocket-book to its owner? Selected. 




He who betrays another's secret because ho has quarreled 
with him, was never worthy of the sacred name of friend; a 
breach of kiuduess at ono side will not justify a breuch of trust 
ou the other. 




.-^) 



53 



J" TJ "V E-IsT I L S IE-STRTJCTOB. 



17 




\$ Sufi* title insttutiot. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1873. 
EDITORIAL TBCOTJO-BITS. 






^^) EAUTIFUL Spring is upon us. The days 
/• are warm aud delightful; the air is sweet 
and balmy, and the earih seems to rejoice 
at being relieved from stem Winter's cold 
embrace. The birds sing joyously in the 
glad sunshine and praise their Creator in 
sweet, melodious accents for the existence 
which lie has giveu them. They, at least, 
among the creatures which our Father has 
placed here, are happy aud thankful. They 
trust iu Hi'n, and unlike man, borrow no trouble 
X as to the future. It is sufficient for them to have 
>-/ c ^p/ the blessings of to-day; they will trust Him, who 
o JyL/ r has fed and cared for them thus far, to supply 
Vt^l * I hem to-morrow. This trustfulness of the birds 

<jV is beautifully alluded to by our Savior. He held 

' them up as examples to His apostles whom He had 
chosen to minister uuto the people. He said ; 
."Therefore I say unto you, take uo thought for 
your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor 
yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life 
more than meat, and the body than raiment? Behold the 
fowls of the air: for (hey sow not. neither do they reap, nor 
gather into barns; yet your heavculy Father feedeth them. 
An- ye not much hotter than they?" 

A.I another time, in sending them out to preach His gospel, 
He said 

" And fear not then) which kill the body, but are not able to 
kill the Bool: but rather fear Him who is able to destroy both 
soul and body in hell. Are not two sparrows sold for a far- 
thing? and one of them shall not fill on the ground without 
your Father. But the very hairs of .V'.ur heads are all num- 
ber 1. Fear ye not therefore, ye arc of more value than many 
sparrows." 

Whenever you feel like grumbling or arc dissatisfied with 
your prosp !Cta think of the birds, and while you labor and do 
the b in, put your trust in God, who has fed and 

I 1 ith I you tr ■ D V'mr infancy up to the pr sent. 

A p this time of year all nature feel* the thrillii 
life, aul hastens to put on th ■ liv try of Spring. 

" There'" perfume on every wind — 
Music on every tree — 
Kiin- f<jr t!n' in i-t'ir.-l irlng Dover — 
Swi eta for the bo kins ' so " 

The isc rowing rapidly. If this weather continues, we 
shall soon have the sides of the mountains looking greeu and 

inviting, while iu the pastures through the valleys the horse, 
th • ox an i sheep will be abl- to nibble the t mder h irbage, and 
in th ir mute w^y express their gratitud i to the great Giver of 
life. Already the husbandmen are busy iu turning over the 
nil, and preparing their fi.d K for the seed from which they 
■ r tp i I) 'ii itiful harvest, Th i trees have not yet put 
firth th> i r leaves; but th • bu Is an- jw lling, and the roots are 
ing in their darkless underground at the genial warmth 
which th . y I'.- I aud which cm*--, their pulses to leap aud the 
sap to flow. II id th-y voices which we could hear and under- 



impulse ol 



staud, we would recoguize great rejoicing at the welcome return 
of Spring. 

" I marked the Spring as she pass'd along, 
With her eye of light and her lip of song; 
While she stole iu peace o'er the green earth's breast, 
While the streams sprang out from their icy rest. 
The buds bent low to the breeze's sigh, 
And their breath weut forth in the scented sky; 
When the fields look'd fresh in their sweet repose. 
And the young dews slept on the new-born rose." 

ONE of the most interesting gatherings that we have attended 
for some time was the rehearsal for the Sunday Schools' 
Concert on Sunday morning, March 23d, in the Old Tabernacle. 
The plan of haviug the various Sunday schools of the city 
gathered together to sing a programme of sougs which had 
been selected was suggested by Superintendent George Goddard 
of the 13th Ward Sunday School. The suggestion pleased the 
other Superintendents, and they took steps to carry it out. 
The Concert is to be given on Sunday, March 30th. The 
rehearsal on Sunday, the 23d, was the second which had been 
given. The songs on the programme are: " Welcome to our 
Concert;" " Work for the Night is coming;" " Sunday School 
Song," " Love at home;" " Beautiful Land of rest;" "Remem- 
ber the poor," "Have you spent a pleasant day?" At the 
rehearsal which we attended, the singing was conducted by 
Professor Charles Thomas, aud was excelleutly rendered, especi- 
ally the two first and last songs. After the above-named songs 
were sung the children gave us "Iu our lovely Deseret," etc., 
with a hearty vigor and tuneful unison that showed how great a 
favorite this delightful song is with them. Brother George 
Goddard also sung "I am a little soldier boy," etc., in which 
the children joined. The rehearsal, we feel sure, was a most 
pleasing one to every man and woman present, aud the eyes of 
the children sparkled, their faces were joyful aud their voices 
were gleeful aud happy. 

These concerts, if followed up, will be attended with excellent 
effects. Old and young will derive pleasure from attending 
them. If the gathering of ihe Sunday schools iu the city shall 
prove a success, as we have no di.u'it it will, we shall try and 
make arrangements at an early day for a monster gathering of 
the children from other places, to join the children ot this city 
iu a concert in the New Tabernacle. To see seven or eight or 
perhaps ten, thousand children gath nd together iu one place 
aud singing in unison, will be a sight rarely witnessed on 
this earth. It is such a sight as we should he pleased to see 
some day in the New Tabernacle in this city. 



SABBATH SCHOOL SOjNTG-. 



To Thee our Heavenly Father 
We*ll new unr voices raise, 
Through whose eternal nierey, 
We live in these lad days; 
We 11 j .in Ioshil' Thy |eaises 
For i lessintrs tu us given, 

Tile ''IcssiiiL's of Ille gospel 

Which make our earth a heaven. 

The gospel .[ scph brought us 



J".v. 



Urn \\ •.mi. S 



I I IIP lilleil tin r soll.s wil h 

Th>- principle* he In ght us 
An- pure, without alloy; 
Not like existing systems 
Invented hy men here. 
Hut principles eternal, 
Which Saints alone revere. 

We thank Thee that an angel 
The heavenly message bore, 

For truth, and light, and wisdom, 

li.-veule ! In Hum once mo i '; 

We praise Thee for thesi valleys, 

W lie .- Saint! united dwell, 

Uut iin.si of all for Priesthood 
Thy holy laws to tell. 
B. PAPER, Feb. 9th, 1873. 



B. N. If. 





JUYBITILE IUSTRUOTOR. 



53 




A. HAPPY FAMILY 



HEEE we have the picture of a happy family, and that, you 
will all admit, is something pleasant to see. What can be 
more pleasing than to see all the members of a family living in 
harmony and all the time at peace with, and doing all they can 
for each other's happiness? One of the most pleasing sights in 
the world is a family of brothers and sisters living together 
thus happily. It never ought to be otherwise, but it is some- 
times. Perhaps some of you quarrel with your brothers and 
sisters now and 
then, and for 
very mischief 
try to tease and 
vex them. If 
you ever have 
done this, be 
advised and 
give it up, for 
you know you 
never felt any 
happier after 
having giver, 
way to such 
childish folly. 
But there is an 
eld saying that 
old heads can 
not be put on 
young shoul- 
ders, and so 
having no wish 
to tire you with 
a lecture on 
this subject we 
shall call your 
attention to the 
picture of the 
"happy fami- 
ly." 

There you 
see Mrs. Pussy 
pr siding with 
matronly digni- 
ty over a fami- 
ly, th: members 
of which are a 
rather curiou> 
mixture. There 
are young rab- 
bits, a kitten 
and a couple 
of doves. Per- 
haps you never 
saw a family of 
tliH kind; they 
are not often 
to be met with, 
but they are to 
be seen once in 
awhile. 

You all know that among certain auimals there exists a 
natural hatred towards others. The hatred of cats for birds 
and mice you have no doubt often seen manifested. We say 
•'hatred," but perhaps that is not the word, for cats are so 
fond of bir Is and mice that they will eat all they can obtain of 
them, and you know that when you eat a good deal of anything 
it is because you like it or are very fond of it, and it may be 
thc-same with the cat and the birds and mice. 




You who live in the country have, perhaps, sometimes see 
hawks pounce upon young chickens and carry them off and 
devour them. This is another illustration of, what shall we 
call it, the love, or the hatred, that exists between two mem- 
bers of the feathered kingdom? There are some dogs, too, 
that seem to have been made for the special purpose of killing 
rats, for they will kill them by the score. They do not do this 
to feed on them like the hawk does on the chick, or the cat on 

the mouse, but, 
seemingly just 
for the fun of 
killing them, so 
that this may 
be a real hat- 
red. 

Scores of in- 
stances of this 
kind might bo 
mentioned, for 
through all the 
orders of the 
animal creation, 
whether their 
members live 
on land or in 
the water, it 
has been or- 
dained that 
some shall fall 
a prey to and 
be devoured by 
others, and this 
is a benevolent 
ordination, for it 
furnishes food 
for all, and pre- 
vents the too 
great increase 
of any. 

Put while it 
is true that this 
dislike exists, 
it is also true 
that if some of 
these animals 
be caught very 
young, and be 
raised together, 
this feeliug or 
desire to des- 
troy one ano- 
ther is never 
shown, and 
they will live 
together iu 
peace aud on 
the best of 
terms. 
Sometimcs,at 

the fairs held in the old countries, collections of this kind can 
be witnessed on paying two or three cents. In ono moderately 
small cage there will be perhaps one or two snakes, a rabbit, 
some mice, a rat or two, a cat, dog and some doves or smaller 
birds, and thero they will dwell together and play with each 
other as though they were the best of friends, ard so they are, 
for they have been caught almost as soon as born, and raised 
together, aud as care has been taken to supply them with all 



^ 



.^i 



m 






"-^ 



54r 



JTJYEITILZ! HTSTBTJCTOR. 



cr: 



the food they need, there has never been a chance for the 
growth or development of that feeling which leads such animals 
to prey upon and devour each other. A collection of this char- 
acter is always called "A Happy Family," and, in the fairs in 
England, they are not at all uncommon. 

Now if creatures belonging to the lower orders of creation 
can be trained so as to overcome their natural hate for each 
other, and to dwell iu peace together, surely children, who have 
so much more intelligence than they, can be trained to do the 
same. It is very pleasaut to see "hi-ppy families," of the kind 
above described or as the one represented in the engraving, but 
a family of children who live without discord or jars, and who 
love each other so much that they will do anything in their 
power to make each other happy, is oue of the most gratifying 
sights that can be seen this side of heaven. 



[For the Juveniie Instructor. 



§A\mhtm of jSonuttoa Swings. 



HEAT.-JSTO. 1. 




ALTHOUGH we can perceive the difference of temperature 
of the atmosphere and of other bodies by sensations of heat 
and cold, we cannot measure the amount of heat by such means- 
even if our sensations were to be depended upon iu the matter 
which they are not, we caunot handle very hot or cold bodies 
with impunity. There arc many things doue iu the arts in 
which it is absolutely necessary to know the amount of heat 
that enters into bodies, tor, whether heat is a substance that 
enters into or merely an effect produced by the motiou of the 
molecules of bodies it makes no difference, the results are the 
same so far as the changes by the operation of heat are coucerned. 
There are, iu fact, a large number of mechanical operations in 
which the temperature of bodies has to be determined with the 
utmost degree of certainty, as we have seen iu using the 
barometer, but especially in using astronomical and trigonom- 
etrical instruments, as in surveying etc. 

The thermometer is used for this purpose, an instrument in 
which the expansion of a fluid, such as mercury or alcohol, is 
seen in a tube, or the effect produced upon some solid body is 
indicated 

If we fill a small vial with cold water and fit a cork to it 
through which a tube passes into the water, on immersing the 
vial in a vessel of hot water, or oil, the water in the vial will 
ascend in the tube, if we cool it, it will descend again. We 
shall find there is an expansion of fluids with heat and a con- 
traction with cold. We may not so readily perceive it, but the 
vial and tube are subject to the same changes. Solids do not 
enlarge or contract so much as fluids or there would not be a 
difference in the elevation aud depression of the fluids contained 
— no ascent in the tube would be perceived. This would be 
an inconvenient mode of ascertaining the temperature of bodies 
but the principle is the same as that of the thermometer, which 
ii a tube with a bulb permanently att iched to it, and in which, 
as a general thing, mercury is used on account of its uniform 
expansion. The word thermometer means thermos, heat, and 
metron, measure; scientific words are frequently thus com- 
pounded of ancient words because of their expressiveness and 
simplicity of construction, not to make the acquisition of 
knowledge more irksome as some foolishly suppose. The first 
attempt to measure the intensity of heat was by an instrument 
alinos'. as rude as the tube aud vial just described, only with 
this difference, the tube in the vial had a bulb at the upper part 
and a graduated scale of parts marked the ascent aud lull of the 



fluid, which was colored. Such an apparatus would, in fact, be 
subject to changes just such as the barometer, for the tube 
being inverted in a vessel of water the pressure of the 
atmosphere, as well as the temperature, would affect its con- 
tents. 

JNow-a-days, thanks to the researches of men devoted to the 
interests of our race, the most complete and eleg.-nt instruments 
are made for accurate measurement of the subtile principle of 
heat; and thanks to the Italians, who excel iu the manufacture 
of philosophical apparatus, the common thermometer is within 
the reach of all. 

The common thermometer consists of a tube terminated at 
one end by a bulb and having the other eud hermetically seeded 
that is, its orifice is closed by melting the glass after the bulb 
aud tube is filled with sufficient mercury. When this instru- 
ment is plunged iuto a hot fluid the mercury rises in the tube 
by reason of expansion, just the same as water would rise- on 
the contrary cold applied causes the mercury to fall, by reason 
of contraction. But, to make the instrument of use, a scale of 
equal parts is attached to the tube by which the amount of 
expansion, aud consequently the variations of temperature may 
be known. 

. As to the scale used that, differs in different countries. 
Fahrenheit's is the most common here. In this the freezing 
point is marked 32 degrees and the boiling poiut 212 degrees- 
between those points temperate is marked at 60 degrees 
blood-heat 9S degrees. These are arrangements that were 
made by a certain maker who supposed that he had obtained 
the lowest temperature possible, 32 degrees below his freezing 
poiut, in which he made a mistake, although he marked it zero 
or degrees, meaning no heat. Iu this country at times the 
thermometer falls many degrees below zero, it is customary 
to prefix degrees of contraction below zero with a negative 
sign like this — ; thus — 25 degrees, means 25 degrees below 
zero. As to the actual zero of heat men know very little about 
it; in very low temperatures alcohol has to be used, as mercury 
freezes; by the intense cold marked — 135 degrees alcohol 
(spirits of wine) is not frozen 1 

When very high temperatures have to be determined, which 
mercury will not measure, recourse is had to an instrument 
called pyrometer (from pyr, fire, and metron, measure). The 
indications result in this instrument from the difference in the 
expansions of certain solids, such as platinum, iron rods, clay 
etc. The subject of the expansion of bodies by heat will be 
worth our attention, for all bodies in nature, solids, liquids and 
gases, are increased in dimension when heat is diffused through 
their substance, and contract again to their former volume whuu 
they regain their former temperature; this is the mechanical 
effect of heat. W r hen changes take place in the nature of sub- 
stances by heat, as in the burning of bodies, the process of 
gettiug metal from the ores, the union aud contraction of gases 
these and analog us changes are chemiod in their nature in 
which, probably, heat is oue of the factors that increases the 
affinity of bodies. Beth. 



o o ir, :ki 



CiORK is something so well known that perhaps some of you 
/ may think it is hardly worth talking or writing about. 
Almost every child old enough to run round and talk knows 
what cork is, but perhaps a good many of you who arc old 
enough to read and understand everything iu the Juvenile 
IxsTRUCTOtt would be puzzled if asked to tell what it is, 
whether it grows or is made, and if it grow, where; and if it is 
made, how it is made. Simple as it seems we are rather 
inclined to believo that some of you could not give correct 
answers to these and other questions that might be asked about 







JTJYB'ITILB IUSTRUOTOR. 



55 




cork. If there should be any of you who know as little about 
cork as thj above supposes, just read this short article and 
hereafter you will be better informed about this common but 
yet interesting substance. 

Cork is the second bark of a a tree, an oak tree, which grows 
in Spain and Portugal, and in what are called the Barbary 
States — Morocco, Algiers, Tunis and Tripoli — in Northern 
Africa. The oak tree from which cork is obtained is called by 
naturalists the Quercus Suber, and like all oak trees, lives for a 
long time, and the older the tree the better the cork. There 
are two kinds of trees which yield cork, one with a narrow, the 
other with a broad, leaf; it is from the latter that the cork in gen- 
eral use is obtaiued. The best cork grows in the province of 
Catalonia in Spain, and one of the principal branches of indus- 
try carried on by the people there is to gather and prepare the 
cork for exportation. 

The first crop of cork is not gathered until the tree is from 
fifteen to twenty years old. When it has reached the proper 
age to be "stripped" of its skin or bark, several incisions are 
made with a sharp knife on the surface of the tree, from top to 
bottom of the trunk, aud two or three incisions are made 
around it. This enables the cultivators to take off the bark in 
pretty large slabs. The cork, as we have already told you, is 
the second bark; the third is used for tanning leather, but it is 
never taken from the tree until it is cut down, and if, in strip- 
ping (iff the cork, this third bark is injured, the tree ceases 
growing, and is spoiled. If this is left uninjured a second crop 
of cork will be ready for harvesting in from seven to ten 
years. The first crop is not counted of much value, it is too 
hard and porous; but the quality of each succeeding crop 
improves. 

After it is taken from the trees this valuable bark undergoes 
several processes. That which is c nsidered marketable is 
boiled in water, then scraped. It is now ready for drying, and 
is first exposed to the air for a time and afterwards blackened 
and finished over a coal fir.'. During the drying process it is 
placed occasionally in heavy presses to make it smooth and 
compact. When quite dry it is packed in bales and sent away 
to different parts of the world to be made into stoppers for 
bottles, floats to fish with, life preservers, artificial legs, soles 
for boots and shoes, and it is also made useful in many other 
ways. In different parts of Spain and Portugal some of the 
houses are lined with it, which makes them completely water- 
proof aud very dry aud comfortable. 

The manufacture of this material into the various articles for 
which it is used employs a great mauy hands. It is said that 
if the work was done by hand, to supply the city of New York 
only with the stoppers fur bottles used there it would keep four 
thousand men constantly busy; and when you think of the hun- 
dreds of thousands of these stoppers used in almost every town, 
and the very many other uses to which cork is put, you can well 
imagine that its manufacture finds work for a great many peo- 
ple. There are in this country sixty places in which this 
brauch of industry is carried on, the value of the articles they 
make being between two aud three million dollars a year. 

Alter all, you see that cork is not so simple aud common- 
place as it seems, and if the little told about it here be remem- 
bered by all of you who read it, it will add a trifle to the stock 
of generally knowledge you had previously acquired. 

The invention of the needle is ascribed by the best authorities 
to the natives of India. It was first introduced from that 
country into England in the year 1545. It was then a very 
costly instrument. It was not generally used, however, until 
some fifteen or tweuty years afterwards. 



I 



Do not speak a harsh, unkind word, and thus make sad the 
heart of another. Speak gently; it is better for both. 






QUBSTIONS JLHSTID ^2sT- 
SWERS OUST THE BOOK 

CfF :M:o:R,:kd:o:N\ 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XVII. 

Q- — Was this the only effect that Sherem's words had ? 

A. — No-, the power of God came down upon them, and they fell to 
the earth. 

Q.— Who had prayed for this f 

A. — Jacob, 

Q.— Did the people repent? 

A.— Yes, and the peace and love of God was restored to them. 

Q. — What other result followed ? 

A. — The people searched the Scriptures. 

Q. — Did the Nephites attempt to teach the Lamanites ? 

A. — Yes-, they used various means to reclaim them and give them a 
knowledge of the truth. 

Q. — Were their labors of any avail? 

A. — No; they were all in vain. 

Q. — What was the feeling of the Lamanites towards them? 

A. — They hated them. 

Q. — To whom did Jacob commit the plates before his death 1 

A. — To his son Enos ? 

Q. — What does Enos say that he did once when he "was in the 
forest hunting ? 

A. — He prayed to the Lord all day long and into the night. 

Q.— For what did he pray so long and earnestly ? 

A. — Firft for his own soul; then for his brethren the Nephites, and 
then for the Lamanites. 

Q. — Did the Lord grant unto him his desires? 

A. — lie did. 

Q — For what reason did He hear and answer him. 

A. — Because of his faith. 

Q. — What ( id the Lord do for Enos himself? 

A. — He swept his sins away and promised to bless him. 

Q. — What did He promise him He would do for the Nephites? 

A. — That He would visit them according to their diligence in keep- 
ing His commandments. 

LESSON XVIII, 

Q. — What did Euosasic of the Lord for the Lamanites? 

A — That the record of the Nephites might at some future day be 
brought forth to them. 

Q. — Did the Lord promise to grant his request? 

A. — He said they thould be brought forth to the Lamanites in His 
own due time. 

Q. — Have those records been brought forth ? 

A.- Yes; wecail them the Book of Mormon. 

Q. — Will the Lamanites ever become acquainted with them? 

A. — They will, for the word of God cannot fail. 

Q. — What was the character of the Lamanites in the days of Enos v 

A. — Wild, ferocious, bloodthirsty and filthy. 

Q. — How did they live? 

A. — They dwelt iu tents, lived upon wild beasts and many of them 
ate their meat raw. 

Q. — Did they wear clothing ? 

A. — Their dress was a short skin girdle about their loins. 

Q. — What was peculiar about their heads ? 

A. — They shaved them. 

Q. — What were their weapons ? 

A — The bow, the cimeter and the axe. 

Q. — By wnat. means did the Nephites live ? 

A. — By the cultivation of the earth. 

Q. — What were the pioductions ? 

A. — All manner of grain and fruit. 

Q. — What animals did they have ? 

A.— They had flocks, aud cattle of every kind, goats, and wild 
goats, and horses were plentiful. 

Q, — What was the character of the Nephites iu that day ? 

A. — They were a stiUbecked people and it was not easy to make 
them understand. 

(To be continued.) 





56 



J" U -V IE 35T I H, IE INSTBTJOTOB. 



QUESTIOITS -A-ITID ^ItT- 

S^WIEBS OiT THE 

BIBLE. 



TATECIIISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 




LE8S0M XVII. 

Subject— Esac Sells his Brthright, eto 
Q. — What was the name of the wife Abraham took after the death 
of Sarah? 
A. — Keturah. 

Q. — How old was Abraham when he died V 
A. — One hundred and seventy-five years. 
Q- — Which of his sons buried him ? 
A. — Isaac and Ishmael. 
Q. — Where was he buried ? 

A. — In the cave of Maehpelah, with Sarah hit wife. 
Q. — How many princes were the firstborn of Ishmael ? 
A. — Twelve. 

<-i. — How old was Ishmael when he died? 
A. — One hundred and thirty-seven years. 
Q. — What were the names of Isaac's two sons ? 
A. — Jacob and Esau. 
Q. — Which was t: e elder ? 
A.— Esau. 

Q.— Why did he sell his birthright to Jacob ? 
A. — Because he was hungry and faint. 
Q. — What did Jacob give Esau for his birthright ? 
A. — A mess of pottage. 
(i- — What did Esau show by this ? 
A. — That he despised his birthright. 
Q. — How old was Esau when he married ? 
A.— Forty years. 
C<. — Whom did he marry ? 
A.— Two of the daughters of the nittitcs 
Q. — bid this please his parents? 

A. — No, it was a grief of mind unto Isaac and Rebekah. 
Q. — What kind of a man was Esau ? 
A. — A cnnning hunter, a man of the field, 
y. — What kind of a man was Jacob? 
A.— A plain man dwelling in tents. 

LESSON XVIII. 

■Suhjcr-t— Jacob Obtaineth Esau's Blessino. 

Q — Was Isaac blessed of the Lord ? 

A. — Yes-, he became very great, and had possessions of flocks and 
herds and great store of servants. 

y. — Who envied him ? 

A.— The Philistines. 

tj. — When Isaac liecame old which son did lie (ell to go to the Held 
to get venison ? 

A. — Esau, hie eldest son. 

Q. — What did Isaac promise him when he returned ? 

A. — A blessing before he died. 

(J. — When Kcl«>kab heard this what did she do? 

A. — She told Jacob to fetch two good kids of the goats, Hal she 
might make savoury meat for him to take to Isaac. 

Q. — bid Jacob raise any objections V 

A. — Yes; he was afraid his father would discover that he was not 
Esau and would curse him. 

Q.— What did Relickah say? 

A.— V pon me tie thy curse my son, only obey iny voire. 

y.— Before Jacob went to his father how did Rebekah clothe him ? 

A. — With goodly raiment belonging to Esau 

Q.— What did she put on his hands and the smooth of his neck ? 

A. — The skins of the kids. 

<■'.— What did Isaac say when Jacob went to him ? 

A.— "The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands arc the hands of 
Emo." 

Q.— bid Isaac bless Jacob ? 

A— Yes, and made him Lord over his brethren. 

y.— What came to pass after Jacob obtained the blessing ? 

A. — Esau returned from his hunting and prepared savoury meat, 
and brought it unto his father. 

(To be continued. ) 



Hormjpottbttc^ 




Willard, Box Elder Co., March 7th, 1S73. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother — Knowing the interest you take in the welfare of 
Sabbath schools in this Territory, I trust these few lines will be 
received with pleasure. 

We have a Sabbath school in this city, which, nnder the superin- 
tendence of Charles Wright, assisted by Win. Lowe and Abraham 
Zuudel, is in a very flourishing condition It numbers about one 
hundred and fifty scholars, in regular attendance, who are organized 
into about fifteen classes. They read from the tiihle, Book of Mor- 
mon, Doctrine and Covenants, Juvenile Instructor, aud the 
smallest children from the National Readers. 

The teachers seem to take a pleasure in attending punctually, and 
sowing the seeds of knowledge, truth, virtue, etc. iu the minds of 
their pupils. 

Every Sabbath cards are distributed to the scholars for attendance, 
proficiency in lessons etc., for which they receive books, portraits etc., 
according to their tastes, aud the numerous questions that many of 
them are able to answer is alike creditable to both teachers and 
scholars. As often as practicable the pupils meet together to practice 
singing under the leadership of the Superintendent and David P. 
Jones, leader of the choir, so that the exercises are inteispersed with 
sweet and enlivening songs, hymns, anthems etc. Another part of 
the exercises is to have a chapter of the History of the Church, as 
contained in the Juvenile Instructor, read to the school every 
Sabbath, after which the Superintendents visit and examine one or 
more of the classes. Quite a number of the young men belong to a 
theological class and the beneficial results of the same are visible. 
President 6. W. Ward and others of our elder brethren frequently 
visit and address the school. 

We have a library of one hundred and twenty volumes iu connection 
with the Echool, from which books are issued bi-weekly. The 
Instructions obtained from these, the Juvenile Instructor, Dcs- 
eret X~ews, and a Literary Institute recently organized, speak louder 
than words that the people of this place, both old aud young, are 
treasuring up knowledge with a view to future usefulness, also striv- 
ing to keep pace with the spirit of the age. 

Praying the Lord to ever assist yon and all who are engaged in 
disseminating the truth, I am your's in the gospel of Christ. 

Observer. 



Provo Citt, March 8th, 1S73. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor : 

The Sabbath school of this city is well attended and, under the 
superintendence of Bishop A. O. smoot and his efficient corps of 
teachers, is becoming a great source of imparting a correct knowledge 
of the principles of our religion to our youth and also to our aged. 
We were amused at hearing one of our grey-headed fathers repeating 
the 11th chapter of Hebrews, last Sabbath afternoon, to his teacher, 
the younger portion of the class listening attentively. 

A regulation adopted by Elder L. J. Nuttall for his class is worthy 
of being made public. Having selected a subject or principle of our 
religion for his class to work up during the week, he requires each 
pupil to present, on the next Sabbath, a list of verses or scripture 
references selected from the dihle, Book of Mormon and Book of 
Doctrine and Covenants, in proof of the truth of the principle 
advanced; also requiring the pupils to commit to memory as many of 
the verses from their respective lists as practicable, he keeping a 
record book, suitably ruled, in which he records the reference verses 
presented by each pupil to their respective nam s, so that at the end 
of a term of our school each pupil of his class will be tne compiler of 
a book of references to the principles of our religion. 

Respectfully, Albert Jones. 

vJXJ^EJSTIXjE IJSTSTI^tJOTOJ^ 

Is pub'isued m Malt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. OANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

ftinyle Co]>y, per Annum $!> 00. 

*»- Grain brought to this city for the Juvenilk Instructor will be 




