
--en 




THE 




10 



AN ILLUSTRATED PAPER, 



(Published Semi-Monthly.) 



DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE TOUNG. 



HOXjIISTESS to TX3:E XjOIB^. 



gut -with all thy getting get Understanding. — SOLOJdOJJ. 
IJiere is no Excellenoe without Labor. 



EXjODEI^ C3- E O H <3- X3 Q. C .A. iT iT O OST , E 13 I T O I^ . 



Volume Thirteen, - For the Year 1878. 



PUBLISHED BY GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH TERRITORY. 





Digitized by the Internet Archive 

in 2011 with funding from 

Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 



http://www.archive.org/details/juvenileinstruct131geor 



C O 3Sr T EIsT T S . 



Angels and the Shepherds, The 9 

About Books, 15 

Adventure with the Pah Utes, 4(i 

Alphabet of good Counsel, .TO 

Albino Zunis, 81 

Advice to the Young, 2(yj. 

Art Critics, 247 

Anecdote of Dr. JJurray, 209 

Artesian Wells, 283 

AUston's Prayer, 284 

Biography, Joseph Smith, the Prophet, 3, 21, 20, 39, 51, 6S, 
75, 87, 99, 110, 124, 142, 1.52, 159, 177, 18^, 202, 207, 220, 
231, 244, 260, 267, 278, 

Big Words, 14 

Bonneville, Lake 23 

Babylon, 61 

Bear, The 67 

Bible as a History, The 93 

Bunyan's Sarcasm, 105 

British Museum Library, The 109 

Baptism of Children, 118 

Benjamin Franklin, 145 

Book of Mormon as a History, The 158 

Bethlehem, 193 

Book of Mormon Sketches, 248, 273, 279 

Beds, 202 

Brother of Jared, 272 

Curiosities in Human Food, 11, 15, 35, 57, 64, 80, 105, 112, 

153, 271, 285 
Correspondence, 11, 48, 62, 82, 204, 212, 252, 202, 287 
Charade, 12, 240, 264, 288 
Curious Head Dresses, 13 
.Cheerfulness, 17 
Concentrate the Mind, 28 
Canyon Waters, Our 29 
€nisades. The 83 
Coral, Red 99 
Color Blindness, 100 
Contrast, The 141 
Coral Architecture, 151, 109 
Clear Conscience, A 171 
Cannibalism, 190 
Credulity and Unbelief, 197 
Children's Sayings, 215 
Complimentary, 210 
Common Calamary, The 219 
Calculating Interest, 220 
Capturing Sea-Lions, 2.38 
(Crawfish, The 205 

Deluge, The 55 

Deaf Mutes, 79 

Davis County Sunday School Jubilee, 209 

Deltas, 211 

Danger of Bad Cumpany, 214 

Do A'egetables Think? 2,50 

Karly Experience of an Elder, 2 

Editorial Thoughts, t;, l.s, 30, 42, 54, 00, 78, '.lO, 102, 114, 120, 
i;;8, 1.51), lOli, 174, IKC, I'.i.s, 210, 222, 234, 210, 2.58, 270, 2S2 
Kpisode, An 10 

Elder's Journal, Leaf from an 22 
Enigma, 24, 48, 60, 72, 168, 192, 2.;2 
Egyptian Women, 25 



Editor, Be an 40 
Elephants at Sea, 59 
Elephant, Tiie 91 
Echinus, or Sea Urckin, The 123 
Example of Per.'^everance, An 182 
Elementary Groups, 236 
Edison and Electricity 240. 
EJucaiioD, 248 
Ear-Iliogs, 203 

Flying Fox, The 7 

Facts and Figures. 8 

Fortune by a Pin, A 29 

Pacts about Pottery, 68 

Feldspars and Claj-, 83 

Frogs, 103 

Fox, The 115 

Facts not Generally Known, 12-» 

Firemen, The 139 

Fish Lake and Surroundings, 105 

Famous Statesman's Early Training, A IvJ 

Franklin's Visit to his Mother, 194 

Feats of the Blind, 201 

Force of the Wind, 215 

Flattery Rewarded, 245 ^ 

Fungi, 257 

Fathers' Mistakes, 275 

Gospel Principles, The 4, 23, 34, 45, 53, 71, 77, 80, 112, 130. 

136, 1,54, 106, 173, 183, 213, 221. 2.;2, 242, 269 
Go Forward, 82 
Gossip About Pictures, 172 
Hard Work, 74 
Honor and Pride, 76 
How a Little Boy Spends his Money, 1 iJ4 
History of an Invention, 179 
Habits to be Avoided, 184 
Holy Scriptures, The 203 
How to Keep a Journal, 224 
Howard Association, The 225 
How a Fly Walks on the Ceiling, 2-!5 
How Birds Fly, 239 
Holland, 275 
Hindoo Temples, 277 
Incidents of a Mission, 5, 44, 58,74, .''7, IIV, 129, 141, 148, 

178, 190 
Indians of Arizona, 8 
Indian Customs, 33 
Improvement in Agriculture, 12> 
leteresting Coin, An 215 
Importance of Good Habits, 250 

Javelin A'ampire, 27 

Jerusalem, Modern 73 

Jerusalem, Ancient 85 

Jeremiah, The Story of 97 • 

Japanese Archer, A 127 

Jai)anese Shoe Store, A 133 

Jared'.te Colony to America, The Jus 

Jonah I'reaching to the People ol XiiuvolK 229 

Japanese Children, 245 

Key to Success, A 28 
Killing Time, 1 17 
Llama, The 19 
Limanites, The 51 



Learn a Trade, ]31, 2S0 
Learn lo Save, 161 
Lord Beaconsfield, 170 
Lee and his Mother, 185 
Lent Half Dollar. The 208 
Learn to Say No, 213 
Long Life, 225 
Little Things, 227 
Life in a Water-drop, 253 

^lusic: — Sing and Pray, 12; The Iron Kod, 34; Sacramental 
Hymn, 30; To the West, 47; Oh, how Ho Loves! 60; Joseph 
Smith's First Prayer, 72; Our Savior's Promise, S4; Never 
be Late, 9C>; Look up, and put your Trust in God, IDS; Break 
not the Sabbath Day, 120; The Children's Sunday School 
Song, 132; Come Along, 156; The World is full of Beauf^', 
lOS; Gather up the Sunbeams, 180; My own Dear Mountain 
Home. 191; The Sweet, Sweet Story, 216; Bells areRingiBg, 
228; Children of Zion, Join and Sing, 240; Childhood's Year.s 
252; Juvenile Hymn, 264; Sing with Joy, 276; Welcome, 
Welcome, 288. 

Mo'e, The 43 

Meats Cooked by Cold, 93 

^lexican Children, 95 

3Iay Day, 104 

MinutijT, 10i> 

3Iisapplication of Word.~, 107 

Memory, 163 

!Man who Lived with Nature, A 189 

Music. 210 

^Mineral Composition, 227 

Methodist Revival, A 237 

^Mexicans, The 238 

^lysteries of a Lump of Coal, 2'*7 

New Quarters, Our 168 

Naaman Offering Presents to Eli.sha, 241 

Oysters, 135 

Ornamental Rocks, Our 154 

Oil Rocks, Our 164 

Overcoming Difficulties, 186 

Origin of the Cultivated Potato, 203 

I'oetry:— The Juvenile Instructor, 5; A Little Prayer, 144; 
Somebody's Mother, 162; Who Stole the Bird's Ne.st? 18o' 
"Utah's Best Crop," 204; A Fable, 215; A Temple Ilymni 
228; Helping Papa and Mama, 276; The Sabbath School, ''86' 

Porcupine, The 31 

Pleasures, Our 37 

Parson Bird, The 49 

Perseverance, 56 

Porpoise, The 63 

Phonograph, The 89 

Peculiarities of a Mule, 101 

Pleasures of Science, 110 

Practical Improvement, 143 

Prayer, 149 

Picture of Patience, A li'iii 

Petroleum, 175 

Perilous Business, A 181 

Pearls, 187 

Pleasant Facts, 221 

Politeness, 226 

Pota.>sh Metal, The 261 



Questions and Answers on the Bible and Book ofMsrm^n, 16> 

41, 113, 125, 143, 155 204. 

Reliable 3Ian, The 27 
Rods and Minerals, Our 58 
Railroad-;, 157 
Right Thinking, 161 
Rebus, 204 
Reading, 220 
Reading Pictures, 266 



17, 36, 48, »9, 05, 84, 



Sunday Lessons for Little Learners, 6, 

96, 108, 120, 131,134, 155 
Surf Bathing, 45 
Sunday Schools, 88 
Sugar, 105 
Sulphur, Our 107 
Solar Microscope, The 111 
Secrets of Success, 1 22 
Sulphates, Our 129, 144 
Sandwich Islands, From The 136 
Scorpion, The 163 
Sloth, The 175 

Sound Advice to Young Men, 178 
Sulky Folks, 185 
Sorrows of Genius, The 198 
Sea Weeds, 199 

Sea Spider, or Spider Crab, The 205 
Soils, Our 212 
Sacred Cubit, The 214 
Snail's Ears, A 21 9 

Striped Squirrel, or Chipmunk, The 223 
Sotith, The 223 
Start a Library 232 
Sunken City, A 239 
Snake Fascination, 249 
Should Children be Religious? 250 
Scientific Dialogue 281 

Tuarick Equij ped for War, A 1 

Travels in India, 20, 32, 38, 50, 70, 94, 1(J6, 160, 176, 200, 206, 

218, 233, 255, 274 
Telephone, The 40 
Two Wishes, 52 
Table Rules for Little Folks, 60 
Tiger, The 75 

Trying to Deceive the Lord, 217 
Transient Troubles, 236 

Useful Minerals, Our 69 
Useful Earths, Our 95 
Use for All, A 124 

Whiners, 65 

Water Spider and its Diving Bell, The 12? 

Word of Wisdom, The 167 

Who was John o' Groat? 192 

Word to Wild Boys, A 196 

Wanted— A Boy with Ten Points, 213 

Warwick Castle, 243 

White Stork, The 259 

Whalebone, 278 , 

Wisdom, 287 

Young Missionary's Sentiments, A 106 
Y. M. ^l. 1. A. 286 



ii..l 



EQLIKESS TQ WEB LQEO. 




VOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1878. 



NO. ]. 



-A. TTJ.^K.IOIC EQ,"Cri:PI=EID FOK/ "WA-I?>. 



rpHE Tuaricks are a people that are scattered in various 
L tribes throughout the jrrfater portion of the Sahara. 
Though most of the 
tribes have their 
peculiar characteris- 
tics, they are much 
the same in appear- 
ance, being finc-look- 
mg men, tall, straight 
and handsome. 
They are represented 
by some travelers as 
being very abstem- 
ious in their habits, 
living principally 
upon coarse brown 
bread, dates and 
olives. Unlike many 
of the neighboring 
tribes, they clothe 
from head to foot, 
even in the heated 
desert, where the 
thermometer is gen- 
erally from 90° to 
120°. They also 
cover their faces 
up to the eyes with 
a black or colored 
handkerchief. In 
many respects they 
resemble the ordi- 
nary Bedouin Arabs. 
Thev make no effort 
to live by honest 
labor. They are in 
the strict sense of 
the word a nation of 
thieves. They .study 
robbery as an art. 
Their education coe- 
si.sts of that, and 
the management cf 
the dromedary and 
the handling of the 



spear. They live in tents, and, 
supreme contempt for those who 




like the Gipsies, have a 

occupy houses and con- 

greeate in cities. 

They exact a 
tribute from all car- 
avans that traverse 
their country, but 
they prey princi- 
pally upon the Tib- 
boos, a neighboring 
tribe who live in 
constant dread of 
them. Their domes- 
tic animals are never 
safe from the depre- 
dations of the 
Tuaricks, and the 
only way the Tibboos 
can preserve their 
own lives, or avoid 
being carried off as 
slaves, is by locating 
their villages upon 
the tops of almost 
perpendicular rocks. 
In case of a raid, 
then, from their 
enemies they leave 
their cattle and make 
their way up the 
rocks by means of 
ladders which they 
draw up after them. 
Upon this subject a 
traveler writes: 

"That they carry 
off all the cattle, and 
would seize even the 
Tibboos themselves 
for slaves, is a stand- 
ing and reasonable 
grievance. But even 
the constant fear ot 
these attacks does 
not seem to anger 



.0 



V( 



13^ 



J TJ "V" E nsr I L E Il>rSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



the Tibboos so much as the raids which the Tuaricks make 
on their salt-market. In the Tibboo country there are some 
large salt marshes, which are extremely valuable to the 
owners, salt being a marketable commodity, fetching a high 
price, indeed being itself used as a sort of currency; a cylinder 
of coarse brown salt, weighing eleven pounds, being worth 
four or five dollars. The purified salt, which they obtain in 
a bsautifully clear and white state, is put into baskets, and 
brings a correspondingly high price. 

"Not choosing to take the trouble of procuring salt for 
themselves, the Tuaricks supply themselves as well as their 
market by robbing the Tibboos, and in one season these 
robbers carried off twenty thousand bags of salt, selling the 
greater part in the Soudan market. The Tibboos were 
particularly enraeed at this proceeding. It was bad enough 
to have their property stolen, but it was still worse to take 
their remaining salt to the market, and then find that the 
price had fallen in consequence of the Tuaricks having filled 
the market with the twenty thousand bags which they had 
stolen, and which they could therefore afford to sell at a very 
low price." 

In the engraving, which, in nearly every respect is an 
excellent illustration of one of these predatory Tuaricks, a 
human head is seen fastened to the saddle. This has refer- 
ence to a custom that is in vogue among various uncivilized 
tribes, though we scarcely think it is true in the case of the 
Tuaricks. It is that of taking the head of an enemy slain 
as a trophy of war, for the same reason that the Indian 
takes the scalp. Among some tribes, particularly among 
the Dyaks of Borneo and the Mundu racus of South America, 
this custom is, or rathel, was, quite prevalent. In fact, no 
person among them could lay claim to the character of a 
great warrior who had not taken the head of an enemy, 
neither could he expect to find favor among the maidens of 
the tribe to whom he might choose to pay his addresses. 

Among such tribes, therefore, when a member became 
ambitious for the honors of a warrior, he started out in quest 
of a head. Should he be taunted by his inamorata with not 
possessing the necessary qualification for favor in her eyes, he 
set out immediately on a head-hunting expedition. Woe to 
the unfortunate head, then, that chanced to come in his way. 
T\'ith such strong incentives to prompt him, he could not be 
expected to be over scrupulous about whose head he took. 



A TiMEiA' SffifiEi^xroN. — Do not keep the alabaster boxes 
of your love and tenderness sealed up until your friends are 
dead. Fill their lives with sweetness. Speak approving, 
cheering words while their ears can hear them, and while 
their hearts can be thrilled by them. The things you mean 
to say when they are gone, say before they go. The flowers 
you mean to send for their coffins, send to brighten and 
sweeten their homes before they leave them. 

If my friends have alabaster boxes laid away, full of 
perfumes of sympathy and affection, which they intend to 
break over my dead body, I would rather they would 
bring them out in my weary hours, and open them, 
that I may be refreshed and cheered by them while 
I need them. I would rather have a bare coffin without a 
flower, and a funeral without an eulogy, than a life without 
the sweetness of love and svmpath)'. Let us learn to anoint 
our friends beforehand, for their burial. Post-mortem kind- 
nesses do not cheer the burdened spirit. Flowers on the coffin 
cast no fragrance backward over the weary days. — Selected. 






BY D. M. 



THP] first companies of Saints that arrived in Great Salt 
Lake Valley did not tind the comforts and conveniences 
existing that now surround us on every hand. They found 
only a desolate wild, without inhabitants, save a few degener- 
ate Indians, clothed in rabbit skins, and living on sunflower 
seeds and crickets. 

We were told by the mountaineers, who had sojourned among 
the Indians for years, that it was impossible to raise grain, 
fruit or vegetables in the Eocky mountain region; but our 
prophet and leader, Brigham Young, predicted that God 
would establish His kingdom here in the tops of the mountains, 
no more to be thrown down forever; and that the earth should 
be blessed so that it would yield an abundance for the susten- 
ance of the Saints. Also that the climate would be modified 
for their comfort, and that the desert should yet blossom as 
the rose, so as to attract the admiration and wondering gaze of 
all cations to the home of the Saints, where peace and plenty 
would abound. 

It required great faith in those days to believe (he word cf 
the Lord and go to work and build up Zion in a des'irt wild 
fifteen hundred miles from a market. Some who looked at 
things naturally with the spirit of the world faltered and fell 
into by and forbidden paths, while those who put their trust 
in God and proved faithful found His word to be true, as 
it is now manifest to all nations in the works of the faithful 
wlio have built up this country and made the desert to blossom 
as the rose. 

The first work we were required to do after entering the 
valleys of the mountains was to renew our covenants by bap- 
tism. President Young and the Twelve haying .set the example 
and consecrated themselves and the Great Salt Lake Valley 
to the work of the Lord, for the building up of Ilis kingdom, 
that all might be holy to the Lord, and His kingdom be estab- 
lished in righteousness. 

Temporary houses were first erected around a ten acre 
plat to serve as a fort, as a protection against a chance raid 
fr im the Indians, and a shelter during the winter. We were 
told the snow sometimes fell to a very great depth; but we 
were happily disappointed in this during the first winter, for 
the weather was open and mild and but very little snow 
fell in the valley. The farmers went to plowing the eround 
and putting in fall wheat. President John Taylor and Parley 
P. Pratt showing the example in this, as well as in spiritual 
duties, cheering and encouraging the Saints by their faith and 
works to put their seed in the ground, and trust in God to 
give the increase. 

I was employed in cutting and hauling hay, getting fire- 
wood and saw-logs, and sawing the latter into lumber with a 
whip saw. 

We were scantily supplied with bread stuff, and our prin- 
cipal food consisted of meat and thistle roots, which never 
satisfied the appetite, although it served to sustain life. 

I remember that I sawed lumber all one day for a tailor, 
and received for my pay a mess of beans which he had 
brought from the east, and they were relished the best of any 
food I ever ate. That poor fellow apostatized afterwards and 
went to ruin, yet I always think of him kindly for that mesg 
of beans. 



-^J^ 



\7>^ 







JTJ^ElvriLE Iiq"STie.TJOTOI?. 





Those were times that tried men's souls, and brought them 
out in their true character. Some proved stingy and hid 
their breadstuff, while others were liberal and divided to the 
last; and this latter class alwa3's had and alwaj's will have 
plenty. 

My clothes wore out, for I left all my best clothing behind 
in St. Louis, to be sent after me to Winter Quarters, and they 
failed to come before I started; but I got a new buckskin 
suit, and moccasins for my feet which served me all winter. 
I was proud of my clothes, for they were fashionable. The 
High Council recommended the brethren to trade with the 
Indians for furs and buckskins for clothing until we could 
manufacture our own; for we did not then think we could get 
any from the east for a long time, and as j'et there was no 
market in the west. 

Uncle John Smith was president of the stake, and after- 
wards Patriarch of the Church, and was generally beloved. 
One day he called on me to get a load of wood for him, 
and told me he would give me a blessing, as that was all he 
had to give. I was truly glad of the chance, and went at 
once; for the wood was plentiful in those days. On my return 
Uncle John said: 

"Brother David, I find I have no paper, but you can hunt 
up a sheet somewhere and write all the good things you want 
upon it, and bring it to me and T will sign my name to it." 

I went off, pondering upon what Father Smith meant, and 
came to the conclusion that if I proved faithful all the bless- 
ings in store for any person would be mine to enjoy. I knew 
it was written, "Eye hath not seen, ear hath not heard, 
neither hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive of 
the blessings laid up in store for the faithful." 

I never got the paper, but I got his blessing in the spring 
of 1848, when he called upon me with others to carry the 
mail back to Winter Quarters, on the Missouri river, "For," 
said he, "President Young and the Saints there will be anxious 
to hear from us." 

Accordingly, a company of seven men, all members of the 
"Mormon Batallion" except myself, were detailed for the 
mission. My companions were among those who had planted 
victoriously the flag of our country on the Pacific slope, and 
they were now to return with the first mail from the Rocky 
mountains under its protection. We started on the sixth day 
of March to cross the Big mountain, but found the snow too 
deep, and returned to the valle.v. We then went up Weber 
canyon, following an Indian trail to Echo canyon, where we 
struck the wagon road our emigrants had made and followed 
it through the snow, more or les'', until we crossed the Black 
Hills. 

We were taken by a band of Sioux Indians on the Laramie 
plfiins, who were out hunting buffalo. They detained us all 
day and filched our trappings, our powder and ball, but feared 
to touch the mail when we told them the great father of our 
country would bo angry and send an army to punish them if 
they detained us or injured the mail. They let us go in the 
evening, and we traveled all night, fearing that they might 
follow us. We had no more trouble until we reached the 
Loup Fork of the Platte, where we found we had to swim our 
animals. Our captain, William Gardner, could not swim, 
and came very near drowning. He lost his gun in the river, 
and barely got out himself All our animals got across but an 
old Spanish horse that got down on a sand bar in the middle 
of the river and could not get up. We feared that he would 
remain there and die, and were about to leave him to his fate 
when we remembered that the Patriarch, Uncle John Smith, 



blessed us and predicted that we should all get through aliv 
and that we should not lose an animal. After talking the 
matter over, we concluded to make another effort to save the 
old horse and fulfil Father Smith's prophecy; so those of us 
who could swim went back, believing that the Lord would 
assist us on this occasion as He had previously protected us. 

We found the old horse in the quicksand, unable to move 
or make an effort to help himself; so we concluded to leave 
him to his fate, when someone suggested that we drown him, 
the water being about two feet deep where he lay. So we 
crowded his head under water, when he made a spring to save 
his life and floundered out in the deep water. He then swam 
ashore, to our great joy, thus fulfil'ing Father Smith's pre- 
diction. 

We arrived safely in Winter Quarters on the 11th of April, 
and received a hearty welcome from President Young and 
others of the Twelve, who took us to their homes where we 
enjoyed their hospitality and received their blessings, which 
to me have ever been more than meat or drink. 

I found my clothing there which I had left, and soon 
replaced my old greasy buckskins with a new suit, and set off 
rejoicing to St. Louis with the letters from the valley to that 
place, by order of President Brigham Young. 
( To he Continued. ) 



0gra^ltg, 




jossfh: sis/Iith:, the 



iContuiued.) 



WE stated in our last number that President Brigham 
Young had to leave Far Wesr, for Illiniois to save his 
life. Before doing so, he and Brothers Heber C. Kimball and 
George A. Smith went to see Joseph, in prison at Liberty, 
Clay County. They had two interviews with him and his fel- 
low-prisoners, which were very gratifying to him and them. 

Joseph, though in prison, did not neglect his call- 
ing, or forget the condition of the people of the Church. 
From his prison he wrote lengthy epistles to the Church, 
giving the Saints the word of the Lord, and comfortinp, 
strengthening and warning them in the language of a kind 
and loving father. Upon the return of Brothers Kimball 
and Turley; he told them to be of good cheer; for he and his 
brethren should be delivered; but, he added, that no arm but 
God's could deliver them. To the brethren he sent word to 
get the Saints away from Far West as fast as possible. These 
words were told to them by Joseph through the grate of his 
dungeon, for they were not permitted to enter the prison. 

The mob in Davis County still thirsted for blood. About 
fifty of them swore that they would never eat or drink untij 
they had murdered Joseph. Their captain, William Bow- 
man, swore, in the presence of Brother Theodore Turley that 
he would never eat or drink, after he had seen Joseph, until 
ho had murdered him. They al.'o warned the Saints at h'ar 
West and vicinity to leave there bya certain time. Julge 
King's enmity against Joseph was active. He had declared 
that he was not fit to li/e, and he seemed determined to have 
him killed if he could. He had Joseph and the other breth- 
ren hurried from Liberty, Clay County, to Davie ;s County. 



vi 




J TJ ^ E ]tT T Xj E ZlSrSTI^ CJCTOIE?. 




To avoid passing through Far West they were carried about 
eighteen miles out of their course. King's conduct towards 
them led to the belief that he was desirous to have them 
waylaid and murdered on the road. The journey was a 
tedious one for them; their long confinement had made them 
feeble. Upon their arrival at Liberty, they were delivered 
into the hands of the sheriff in Daviess County. This was 
on the 8th of April, 1839. On the 9th their trial commenced 
before a drunken grand jury. Austin A. King was the presid- 
ing judge, he was as drunk as the jury. This jury brought in 
a bill against Joseph, his brother Hyrum, Lyman Wight, 
Alexander McRae and Caleb Baldwin for ''murder, treason, 
burglary^ arson, larceny^ thrft and stealing ." 

Brother Stephen Mirkham had given his testimony before 
the grand jury, at which the mobbers were very angry, and 
threatened his life. That night the visions of the future 
were opened to Joseph's understanding, and he saw the ways 
and means and near approach of his escape from imprison- 
ment and the danger brother Markham was in. He awoke 
Brother Markham, and told him if he would arise very early 
and not wait for the judge and law3'ers, as he had thought of 
doing, he would get safe home, almost before he would be 
aware of it. If he did not, the mob would shoot him on the 
way. He repeated to him what he had told Brothers Kim- 
ball and Turley: to tell the brethren to be of good cheer and to 
lose no time in removing from the country. Brother 
Markham took Joseph's counsel, and rose at dawn of day and 
rode rapidly towards Far West, where he arrived before nine 
o'cloc'i the same morning. Brother Markham' s life was saved 
by listening to the word of the Lord through His prophet 
Joseph. Had he not believed what he told him, he would, 
without doubt, have been murdered by the mob. 

On Monday, April l.'ith, 1836, Joseph and his fellow-prison- 
ers started from Daviess County for Boone County, under 
charge of a guard. They had obtained a change of vanue- 
By the change of venue they had the privilege of being tried 
in Boone C'junty instead ot Daviess County. The first night 
out they bought two horses from the men who were sent to 
guard them. The next evening (Tuesday, April liith) the 
sheriff, before retiring for the night, told them tbat he would 
take a good drink of grog and go to bed, and they might do 
as they pleased. At last the favorable time had arrived for 
Joseph and h's companions to make their escape out of the 
power of their enemies. The sheriff and three of the guards 
had gone to bed drunk; the other guard was willing to assist 
them in saddling their horses and getting away. For about 
six months they bad been prisoners in the hands of the mob. 
They had committed no crime, and no charge could be sus- 
tained against them. Yet Joseph was informed that they had 
been sentenced, at three different times, to be shot. From the 
time they were first taken pri.soners, the position they were in, 
to look at it naturally, was very gloomy. Every avenue of 
e.scape seemed entirely closed; death stared them in the face; 
yet from the time that Joseph wa-j taken into the mob camp 
he had always felt an assurance that he and his brethren, and 
their families, should be delivered. This gave him great com- 
fort, and he was enabled to cheer and strengthen his brethren. 
But, now, here was a chance to escape ! What should they 
do? Stop and be murdered by the mob, who were threatening 
their lives, and especially Joseph's, or take advantage of the 
opportunity which invited them to liberty? The Spirit clearly 
led them to make an effort to get away and they started. 
That night they travelled a considable distance. They con- 
tinued their journey by night and day towards Illinois, keep- 




ing off from the main road as much as possible in the day 
time, and arrived at Quincy on Monday, April 22nd. During 
the journey they suffered much from fatigue and hunger; but 
the meeting between themselves and their families and the 
Saints was exceedingly joyous, and their past sufferings and 
privations were forgotton in the happiness of being once more 
free and among their friends. 

( To he Contiwted. ) 



GIIPLES. 



BY DANIEL TYLER. 



SOME months since I wrote several articles un the Book of 
Mormon for the benefit of the young readers of the 
Instructor, which I hope were read and understood by them. 
I tried to write in plain and simple language, so as to convey 
my full meaning. If the children read and understood those 
articles I think they will also be able to comprehend what I 
now write on the principles of the gospel. To understand 
them properly they should carefully read them all. 

First among these principles is faith. I suppose my readers 
will naturally ask, "What is faith?' 

St. Paul, the great Apostle to the Gentiles, says it is "the 
substance (or as.surance) of things hoped for, the evidence of 
things not seen." It is not a belief in a mere statement that 
carries no weight of truth with it; but it is the evidence of 
something you have heard or read of (or it may be impressed 
upon your minds by the Holy Spirit) which you never saw. 
Evidence means a strong conviction of truth. Testimony 
which is not convincing to the mind is not evidence. 

To illustrate I will say that but few who read this article 
ever saw the prophet Joseph Smith, yet you have, perhaps, 
read his history, and been told by your parents and others 
that they have seen and conversed with him; hence you have 
it firmly fixed in your minds that such a man as Joseph Smith 
rea'Jy lived. You have no doubt of it. This conviction of 
truth is faith. You have read the revelations which weie 
given through him to the Elders and to the Church. You 
have an inward conviction of their truth. Everything goes 
to prove to your minds that they are the words of our great 
Redeemer. That strong impression of truth is faith. 

You have read and heard that there is a God who created 
all things that exist, both in heaven and on the earth. You 
have seen thousands of living creatures. You know they 
could not have created themselves. When you behold them 
you ask how the first ones came, and you are told that God 
made them, and that He made this world and allotherworlds- 
Then you ask who is God, and what He is like. 

Your parents, being Latter-day Saints, tell'you that He is a 
pure, holy being; that He is immortal, that is, not subject to 
death, and has all power to do whatever He pleases for the 
good of His children, of whom we form a portion. They 
also tell you that we were created in His image and likeness, 
or form, and that He is our Father in Heaven; that is, the 
father of our spirits. 

This looks reasonable to you. You think a great deal about 
it, and it is firmly settled in your minds that it is as they have 
told you. You believe it with all your heart.s. This belief is 
faith. 

You are also told by your parents and by the Elders that 
Jesus, the .son of God, will come in a few j'ears, to reign on 





JTJ^EITILE] IIsrSTI2;TJOTOI2/ 




the earth a thousand years; and that all the faithful Saints, 
whether they are now living or dead, will reie;n with Him. 
You have no doubt about it — you mean to be numbered with 
them. That strong evidence is faith. 

You sow or plant grain. You are confident if you attend to 
it well you will have a good crop. That assurance in your 
minds is faith. 

Faith is the prompter, or moving cause, of all our actions, 
both spiritual and temporal. By faith the sick are and were 
healed, the dead were and will be raised to life. By faith 
God made the worlds and keeps them iu their proper order 
and places. By faith He does and always will exist. By 
faith and obedience to His laws we may dwell eternally with 
Him in the heavens. 

(To be Continued.') 



is/L issionsr. 



BY ELDER C. 



{Continued J 

ABOUT a fortnight after their adventure among the spirit- 
ualists, in Providence, R. I., Elder C. and his compan- 
ion found themselves, late in the day, in the village of Grove- 
land, Mass. They had a letter of introduction to a gentleman 
who lived in the place, but on calling on him he apologized 
for being unable to keep them over night, though he seemed 
kindly disposed. When he told them this it was late in the 
evening, and the Elders knew not what to do. An idea 
entered Elder C's. mind. 

"Do you know of any 'Mormons' in this neighborhood?" 

"Why, yes, there is a 'Mormon' living about a mile from 
here." 

The gentlemen then directed them to the house, and the 
Elders started. They were surprised to find a Latter-day 
Saint in that vicinity, and, though the night was dark and 
the road very muddy. Elder C. was delighted at the prospect 
of meeting with a brother in the gospel. The Elders at length 
reached the house and were warmly received. 

Elder C's. boots were wora out by this time, and he did not 
know where he was to obtain means tor a new pair. But he 
knew that his Heavenly Father was well aware of his circum- 
stances and in the day after their arrival at the brother's house 
he walked out into a piece of woods, knelt down and told the 
Lord that his boots were worn out with traveling and preach- 
ing the gospel, and asked, in the name of Jesus, for means to 
buy anew pair. Beturniog to the house their host told them 
of two ladies, mother and daughter, who belonged to the 
Church, and who lived in the next village three miles distant. 
A visit to them was at once decided upon and an hour's walk 
brought them to the ladies' home. On introducing themselves 
they were joyfully received. The elder lady immediately 
opened her pocket book and handed Elder C. a bank note. 
"Here," said she, "Take this, I've been saving it for you." 
"Saving it for me?" exclaimed Elder C. "How did you know 
I was coming? ' "I saw a notice of your arrival in Boston in 
the paper, and have been expecting you." Thus within two 
hours after offering his prayer, Eliier C. had placed in his 
hand, by a person whom he never saw before, money to buy a 
pair of boots. And the Lord had moved upon the sister to save 



it for him. Does not this prove that the Lord takes tender 
care of His servants while they are laboring to spread the 
truth? The incident strengthened Elder C's. faith very 
much. 

(To he Continued.) 



Original |i0etri|. 



THE cr TJ ^V E 3Sr I Xj B 
IlsrSTK.XJOTOK/. 



BY K. C. cox. 



Thrice welcome messenger of peace, 
Thy precious pages still increase 

With riches worth possessing. 
May every home in Deseret 
Enjoy thy welcome presence yet, 

And reckon thee a blessing. 

Thy principles of life and truth. 
Dispensed alike to age and youth 

With overflowing measure, 
Are fraught with wisdom from above, 
And to the mind will ever prove 

A fund of endless treasure. 

Thy sunny columns hold the power 
To warm life's dark and chilling hour. 

And dreary prospects gladden; 
To cheer life's rough and flinty road. 
To ease the weary pilgrims' load 

With sorrow over-laden. 

How often when in life's turmoil, 
Oppress' d with core, or worn with toil 

And ills of this probation. 
We seek thy pages for relief. 
And comfort find for every grief. 

And ample consolation. 

Within thy volumns lay combined 
The wisdom, knowledge, gems of mind, 

And precepts of all ages; 
And, tho' neglected much by some, 
A duty 'tis, that all become 

Familiar with thy pages. 

May Zion's sons and daughters pray 
To walk in wiscom's pleasart way. 

And, led by thy direction. 
To choose that nobler, better part 
That fires the soul, inspires the heart 

And lead on to perfection. 

And ever justly estimate v 

Thy worth, and each co-operate 

To aid thy noble mission. 
And may thy efforts to impress 
And train our youth in righteousness 

Receive a full fruition. 
Then, young and old through Zion's land, 
I pray you lend a helping hand 

To such a sage conductor. 
Assist with means, a goodly share. 
Together with your faith and prayer, 

The Juvenile Instructor. 



One bad example spoils many good precepts. 



-/9 





CTTJ'^En^IXjE IITSTIS/UOTOie/ 




®i^ Jlttvenil^ |[nstrudoti* 



GEORGE Q. CA2Sr:N0N, 



EDITOK. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1878. 
E3IDITOE.IJ^Xj THZOTJO-HTS- 




ITH this number we commence a new 
year. Eighteen hundred and seventy- 
seven is numbered with the past. How 
rapidly the years roll by, and the work of 
God hastens to its completion! Thirty 
years have passed since the Latter-day 
Saints came to these mountains. Thirty 
years! How long a time ihis seems! A 
generation has grown up and the land is 
being filled with men and women born in 
the valleys. Every year contributes its share 
to the growth and increase of the kingdom of 
God. Zion is spreading abroad and gaining 
power in the earth. Settlements are increasing 
=o^., cLjvi those already in esistence are growing in popula- 
tion and strength. The people of the Church now 
cover a large extent of country. We have settle- 
ments in Idaho, almost every valley in Utah con- 
tains settlements, and Arizona and New Mexico are being 
settled up in their vacant places by LaHer-day Saints. We 
are becoming a numerous people, and yet, notwithstanding 
our numbers and the length of our residence in these moun- 
tains, we are denied those political rights to which we are 
fully entitled. For nearly a third of the lifetime of the 
nation we have been in these mountains and yet the rights 
due to citizens of the United States are denied to us. We 
are still kept ia a territorial condition. The right to choose 
and elect our own officers is denied us. The right lo enact 
our own laws without veto and to enforce them is denied us. 
Does it not seem strange that there should be such a reluc- 
tance to accord to the people of this Territory the rights to 
which they are fully en*itled? It might be thought that envy 
and jealou.sy would not be so strong as to deny to a people 
such as we are these simple rights. There is, however, no 
disguising the fact that there is a lear retained concerning the 
Latter-day Saints. Men can not understand their own fecling.s 
upon this subject. They know they have these feelincs, but 
why they should have them would be difficult for many to 
explain. The great cry is that plural marriage is the objec- 
tion, though when we see how few there are in proportion to 
the entire population who practice this system that would 
seem like a flinsy excuse. Will the denial ot these rights 
prevent the growth and spread of the Latter-day Saints? 
Certainly not. We arc learning les.sons which will prove 
exceedingly profitable to us in the future. The time will come 
when we shall have rule and dominion. Then the recollection 
of what we suffered when we were in a dependent condition 
will doubtless temper our exercise and prevent us becoming 
tyrants. 

The past year has been eventful in our history, because of 
the more perfect orgnnization of the Church throughout these 
mountains, and the death of our beloved President, ]>righam 
Young. Never since the organization of the Church have 
the various s'akes and branches been so perfectly organized 



n 



as they are now, through the labors ot the First Presidency 
and Twelve during this past summer. President Young lived 
to see the last stake organized. The year 1877 will always be 
remembered becau.se of his death in that year. Our enemies 
have been greatly disappointed because there have been no 
divisions among the people as a consequence of his death. A 
great many have supposed that "Mormonism" depended for 
its success upon President Brigham Young. They foolishly 
imagined that if anything happened to him and he should 
pass away that the people would fall to pieces. Therefore, 
when they see the union, the peace and general good feeling 
which prevail among the Saints, they are disappointed. The 
wicked learned nothing from the death of the prophet 
Joseph upon this point. They imagined that his death would 
prove the death of the systim; but they were disappointed 
as they always will be. This work was not founded by man, 
and is not sustained by man. The Lord is its founder, and 
He will defend and sustain it until all His purposes are accom- 
plished. 

The prospects for 1878 are encouraging to the Saints. We 
trust that all our readers will have a happy and prosperous 
year. 



-»♦- 



S TJ 3Sr ID J^ "Y" XjESSOHSTS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY 01' JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON LXV. 



Q. — What did Enynolds and Wilson intend to do with Joseph 
when they arrested him? 

A. — Thej' meant to take him to Missouri, into the midst of his 
enemies. 

Q. — Why did they not succeed? 

A.— Because God was his friend, and overruled it otherwise. 

Q. — What did Joseph Smith do in the afternoon after his 
arrival at Nauvoo? 

A. — He preached in the groye to a laree congregation. 

Q — While he was preaching, where did the sheriff, Keynokls, 
and Constable Wilson go? 

A.— To Carthags. 

Q. — What did they go there for? 

A. — To try and get .Joseph, the Prophet, into trouble again. 

Q.— By what court was he tried and acquitted of the charge 
made against him by these men? 

A. — By the municipal court of Nauyoo. 

Q.— What took place on the 2nd of July? 

A. — Joseph had a good talk with some Indian chiefs. 

Q. — What was done at a special conference held on the 3rd 
of July? 

A.— Eighty-two Elders were called on a mission to preach 
through the State of Illinois. 

Q. — What took place at the October conference? 

A.— Joseph Smith said he was dissatisfied with Sidney Eigdon 
as his counselor. 

Q.— What vote did Wm. Marks, President of tlie Stake, call 
for? 

A. — For Sidney Rigdon to be continued as Joseph's counselor. 

Q— What did Joseph say after the vote was taken? 

A. — "I have thrown him oft" my shoulders, and you have i>ut 
him on me again." 

Q. — When wa,s the revelation on Celestial Marriage tirst made 
known to the Church' 

A.— On the 12th of July, 1843. 



Do nothing in anger; wise men don't go to sea in a 
tempest. 





O'TJ^Ein^ILE] IlsrSTI?."CrOTOIS., 




THIS IP L "2" I 3sr C3- -FOIKL. 




THE "Cheiroptera" are those singular animals commonly 
designated by the name of bats. For a long time, and 
even iiow-a-days, people have entertained the most erroneous 
ideas with regard to these odd creatures. Aristotle defined 
them as birds with wings of skin. After him Pliny and other 
writers fell into the same error. The bats, however, have no 
other resemblance to birds than being able to fly. They are 
mammals, that is, animals that suckle their young. 

The word "Cheiroptera" signifies "winged hand," or "hand 
transformed into a wing. ' ' The general characteristic of this 
order of animals, which comprises many different species, is 
thus indicated in the name. Their front limbs and hands 
serve the purpose of wings. All the fingers of the hand, 
with the exception of tlie thumb, which is short, has a nail, 
and is quite free, are immoderately long, and united by means 
of a transparent membrane, which is without ha;ir. This 
membrane covers also the arm and fore arm. 

It is owing to this membranous sail that bats direct their 
course through the air in 
the same manner as birds. 
"When ihey are at rest, 
they fold their wings 
around them, enveloping 
their bodies as it in a 
mantle, similar to our 
closing an umbrella to 
diminish its volume when 
it is no longer required. 
This comparison is still 
more exact when we ob- 
serve that the long fingers 
of the animal perfectly 
correspond to the ribs or 
rods of the umbrella. 

The Cheiroptera are 
essentially nocturnal. 
Their eyes, although 
small, are organized for 
seeing, not in complete 
darkness, but in the 
gloaming, or in the feeble 
light of the moon and 
stars. They retire during 

the day to caverns, abandoned quarries, lofts, church spires, old 
ruins, or the trunks of trees, where they remain until evening. 
From the walls of these sombre dwellings thev suspend them- 
selves head downwards by their hind feet, the strong curved 
claws of which are exactly suited for this purpose. 

They freqi:ently hang to each other, forming such curious, 
compact masses that no one who has not seen them can have 
any idea of their grotesqueness. In certain subterranean 
caverns the number of bats is so considerable that the roof 
cannot be seen for them. 

Bats usually have only one offspring at a time. As soon as 
brought forth, the mother carefully cleans it, envelops it in 
her wings as in a cradle, and holds it pressed against her 
breast to receive its first nourishment. After some days, the 
youngster can hang by the claws of it« hind feet to the fur of 
the mother, and it ie not rare to sec her flying about with 
this strange burthen. 

In the East, there are few inhabited houses in which bats 
do not reside. In summer, many are seen hanging to the 





arches of the cellars in Bagdad, and living on good terms with 
the natives, who are in the habit of shutting themselves up 
in such places to avoid the intense heat of the climate. There 
they remain all day, without being disturbed by the noise and 
activity of traffic. 

To many persons bats are objects of dread. This is so 
mush the case that many persons never lose an opportunity 
of killing them. These animals, however, do not deserve 
such treatment; indeed, our hatred to them is base ingratitude, 
for they render us every service. Like the swallows, which 
they succeed in the regions of the air at evening, the bats 
prevent the multiplication of insects noxious to agriculture 
and an annoyance to the human familj'. In this respect they 
have a claim on our friendship. 

The Flying Fox, or Roussette, as it is called by the French, 
the animal shown in the engraving, is the largest of the order 
of Cheiroptera. It is sometimes found as large as a squirrel, 
and measuring four feet across the wings. It inhabits Africa, 
Asia, Polynesia, Malaysia, Australia and Van Dieman'sl/ond. 
Many ridiculous stories have been told of these animals 

attacking man; but there 
is no truth in such state- 
ments. The fact is, that 
the Roussettes never at- 
tack any animal, even the 
feeblest. They may, it 
is true, in the absence of 
their ordinary food, eat 
insects, but this is a rare 
exception; and they are 
only to be dreaded by 
man, in consequence of 
the damage they occasion 
in gardens and planta- 
tions, as they devour 
every kind of fruit that 
comes ia their way, and 
thus become a great 
source of injury to the 
natives. Many artifices 
are, therefore, resorted to 
to prevent such destruc- 
tion. For this purpose, 
at Java the fruit-trees are 
covered with network or 
wickerwork made with bamboo slips. 

The Roussettes exhale a strong, disagreeable, musky odor. 
They utter acute cries when squabbling among each othei' for 
places to perch on, or when their perch is disarranged. When 
wounded, and about to be captured, they bite severely. 



Be Sensible. — A clever writer gives this advice to boys: 
"Do not be above your business. He who turns up his 
nose at work ijuarrels with bread and butter. He is a poor 
smith who is afraid of his own sparks; there's some di.scom- 
fort in all trades except chimney sweeping. If sailors gave 
up going to sea because of the wet; if builders quit building 
houses because it is hard work; if farmers ceased to labor on 
account of blighted crops: if tailors would not work for fear 
of pricking their fingers, what a pass we would come to. 
Nonsense, my fine fellows, there's no shame about any hone.st 
calling. Don't be afraid of soiling your hands, there's plenty 
of soap in the world." 



)r: 



-p 



^- 




arTJ"VEI^I31iE insrSTI^/TJCTOI?/ 




IITIDI^ITS OF ^I?.IZ03Sr^. 



BY J. Z. STEWABT. 



THE three tribes of Indians in Southern Arizona, the Pimas, 
Maricopas and Papaaros, are very similar in their customs, 
dwellings and general appearance, wi(h the exception that the 
Papagos are not so badly affected by the influence of what is 
sometimes miscalled "civilization." 

They live in houses, or huts, of circular form, something in 
the shape of a mushroom, the door or entrance to which 
is so small that one is compelled to crawl in and out. The 
inside is generally quite neat, and the ground floor is some- 
times covered with nice rush or oose mats, and it is seldom 
you enter a house with no mats on the floor. The inmates 
generally sleep on these mats, and, as the climate is very mild, 
they do not need, nor do they have, but little other bedding. 
They have no furniture, but in every house, or generally 
in front of it, is an Indian mill (metate) in which they grind 
their corn, wheat, mesquitc beans, or whatever they have to 
eat. There is also to be seen a considerable amount of pottery 
ware, varying considerably in size, though but little in form. 
The women do all the grinding, water-packing, and wood- 
hauling, or rather wood-packing, as they pack it all. 

The grinding and carrying the wood and water is very hard 
work; but they are so accustomed to it that they seem to think 
it no great task. 

The pottery-ware vessels, called ollas, answer the purpose 
of cooking implements, dishes of all species, water-buckets, 
etc.; and, in fact, in that warm climate, where the water is so 
warm, they are much better than our vessels would be for 
containing water, as the olla has a tendency to cool the water. 
The natives carry almost everything, wood, water, etc., on 
their heads, and it is truly strange to see what heavy loads 
they will take, and how far they can carry them. 

One of the military posts a few years aero was supplied 
with hay by Papago and Pima women. They cut it with 
knives and packed it about three miles on their heads; and I 
was told by the post trader that they carried from one to two 
hundred pounds each at a time. I have seen them packing 
hay a distance of lour or five miles, and loaded so heavily that 
they were obliged to leave their loaJs on their heads when 
they sat down to rest, because they were unable to replace 
them if taken off. I have frequently seen a woman put from 
fifty to one hundred pounds of pottery ware, etc., on her 
head, and a child .six or eight months old on that, and trot 
for nine miles (from San Xavier to Tucson) to do a little trad- 
ing, and return the same day with perhaps about the same 
load. I have also seen them pack immense loads of wood on 
their heads in that way for short distances— one mile, for 
instance. I think it would puzzle any man I know of to carry 
the same quaniity so far in any po.sition he might place it. 

Nearly all the-e Indians are good workers. They 
have but few beasts of burden, and, on this account, they do 
nearly all the packing themselves. They have a kind of frame- 
work f.r basket of a very peculiar shape, which fits on the 
head, and in which they place the load, whether hay, wood 
or whatever it may be. They raise a great deal of corn, wheat, 
.siua.shes, melons, etc. Grain speculators are very much 
interested in the Indian ban-e.st, about which time their little 
trading .stores m.iy be seen stuck up in every Indian town of 
any importance, where they will stay until the Indians have 
.sold all the grain they can spare, when the merchants or 
speculators will move off. 



\:P 



The Protestant and Catholic ministers have been able to 
convert but few, if any, of the Pimas or Maricopas; but the 
Catholics have been more successful among the Papagos. 

A Methodist minister, by the name of Cook, is laboring, 
and has been for five years, among the Pimas; but we were 
told by a gentleman living among and trading with the 
Indians, that, notwithstanding the time the minister had been 
among them, even now, in order to get them to come to his 
church, he is obliged to hire them. 

Upon our arrival at the agency, we went to visit the agent, 
to get his permission to labor, or at least hold a few meetings, 
with the Indians on the reservation; but the agent was from 
home. We met, however, at the agency, the parson, and, 
upon asking him if he thought there would be any objection 
to our preaching to the Indians, he remarked that the privilege 
was granted to all Christian denominations, but he did not 
know how it would be with "Mormons." We proposed to 
discuss the subject with him as to whether "Mormons" are 
Christians or not, which subject, however, he objected to 
discuss. 

As many of the readers of the Instructor have never had 
an opportunity of attending a Papago dance for the benefit of 
their sick, I will endeavor in my next to give a short descrip- 
tion of how thoy are conducted, etc., as also a few of the 
peculiarities of those Indians, and our labors among them. 



-**- 



IF^GTS ^nsriD IF^ia-TJIRES. 



THERE is none of that squalid poverty visible among the 
Latter-day Saints here in Utah that is so prevalent in 
other parts of the world. Through the blessing of the Lord 
we generally have tolerably comfortable homes and plenty of 
food to eat. The comforts of many, however, might be 
greatly increased if their unneces.sary expenditures were 
stopped. This will apply to nearly all, for there are few of 
us but what are guilty in some degree of spending means 
unnecessarily. If the money that is being constantly sent 
out of our Territory in payment for imported articles that are 
unnecessary could be invested in some business that would 
yield a good dividend, and allowed to increase by adding t^e 
interest to the principal, it would in a few years make us a 
very wealthy people. 

Some people never consider for a moment the value of 
small savings. And they are equally thoughtless and reckless 
in regard to small leakages. While we are not at all in favor 
of encouraging and developing a penurious, miserly disposi- 
tion in a child, we think it highly necessary that the young 
should understand the necessity of saving up and putting to 
a proper use the means that the Almighty bestows upon them. 
How many of the young boys who are now growing up in our 
community have contracted the habit of using tobacco! 
Some have done so from a false idea that it would add to 
their manliness or independence; others to follow the example 
of their fellows; few, if any, on account of a nalniral taste for 
the weed; and none because there was any necessity for their 
forming the habit. Perhaps not one out of the whole number 
has thought of the fact that in forming the habit he was entaU- 
ing upon himself an outlay of means, which, if saved and profit- 
ably invested, would, in the course of his life amount to a 
competence. 

Let any boy who spends ten cents a day for cigars (and 
many boys spend more than that) reckon up what that would 
amount to in the course of fifty years, the time ho might hope 



"nf 



i;v,_ 





JUVEOSri'LE! IlsrS1'I<.TJCTOI^ 





to live after contracting the habit of smoking. Ten cents a 
day is not much, but it is seventy cents a week, $36,50 a year, 
and 11,825,00 in fifty years. 

Just think of that! Eighteen hundred and twenty-five 
dollars is a snug little sum to pufi" away in a person's lifetime. 
But that is not all. Suppose the money spent be worth ten 
percent, per annum interest — and that is a low rate for this 
country, as many persons pay as high as twenty-four per cent. 
An annual investment of the ten cents per day, or $.36,50 per 
year, by adding the interest to the principal annually, would, 
in fifty years, amount (in round numbers) to $42,100,00. That 
would be turning $842,00 into smoke every year that he used 
the weed. To show our readers the cumulative power of 
interest we copy the following from an exchange: 

"Many carelessly infer that the increase of money at six per 
cent, is just twice as rapid as at three per cent. ; but in reality 
the increase is vastly more rapid than this. In one hundred 
years, at six per cent, the increase on any given sum is about 
eighteen times as much as at three per cent. 

"If one dollar be invested and the interest added to the 
principal annually, at the rates named, we shall have the 
following result as the accumulation of one hundred years: 

"One Dollar, 100 years, at 1 per cent. - - - - |2| 

o _ _ _ - TV 

3 - - - - 19V 

4 „ - - - - ,50.} 

5 „ - - - - 131 J 

6 ., _ - _ - ,340 

7 ,, - - - - P6S 
11 11 ' 11 

S - - - 2 203 

1) II 11 

t) ,, - - - 5.543 

II -I " 11 

10 ,, - - - 13,809 

II 11 ^" 11 ' 

12 „ 84.675 

1,5 „ - - 1,174,405 

18 ,, - -1.5.14,5,007 

24 ,, - 2,551,799,404 

1 1 11 ^^ 11 1 

Tliere are probably few, however familiar with the subject 
of the rapid increase of capital put at interest, who would 
not be startled at the statement that the cost of the outfit of 
Christopher Columbus in his first voyage of discovery, put at 
interest at six per cent, would by this time baye amounted to 
more than tJie entire money value of this continent forjether with 
tie accumulations from the industry of all who have lived upon it. 
If any doubt this, let them reckon the amount, estimating the 
entire outfit to have cost only the small sura of five thousand 
dollars, and remembering that money doubles, at six percent., 
in a little less than twelve years— or accurately, in eleven years, 
ten months, and twentv-one days. Allowing it to double eve-y 
twelve years, this five thoui^and dollars at interest at six per 
cent, since 1492, it will be found, would have amounted to 
$17,895,700,000,000; which, estimating the population of the 
entire continent of America (North and South) to be eighty- 
five millions or seventeen million families (averaging five mem- 
bers each), would give more than a million dollars as the pos- 
session of every one of these. The interest upon a million 
dollars at six ner cent, is sixty thousand dollars, which would 
now be the princely annual income of each of the.se seventeen 
million families from the accumulations up to this time upon 
so small a sura as that named for the outfit of the discoverer. 

Inllildreth's "History of the Ignited States," it is .stated 
that Manhattan Island— afterward called New Amsterdam, 
now the city of New York— was bought by the Dutch from 
the Indians, for sixty guilders, or twenty-four dollars ($24), 
and this only about two hundred and fifty years ago. And 



yet, if the purchasers could have securely placed that $24 
where it would have added to the principal an annual interest 
at the rate of 7 per cent. , the accumulation would exceed the 
present market value of all the real estate of the City and 
County of New York. 

Again, if a man at the age of twenty-five should commence 
business with a capital of one hundred thousand dollars, and 
could add thereto an intrestof 7 per cent., annually, the result 
would be, (in round numbers) as follows: 

Age. Capital. 

■25------------ $100,000 

35 ____________ 200,000 

45 ____________ 400,000 

55 ____________ 800,000 

G5 ----------- -1,600,000 

75------------ 3,200,000 

85----------- -6,400,000 



■^*~ 



4h^l^^tv fail ^^^ %Mt ^nt^. 



THE ANGELS AND THE SHEPHERDS. 



OxE niglit, man-y, man-y years a-go, 
some shep-lierds were tak-ing care of 
their sheep out in the fields. It was in a 
land that is far, far a-way, a land that is 
oft-en called the "Ho-ly Land," be-cause 
so man-y good men have lived there. 

The shep-herds were not a-sleep, though 
all was still and dark. All at once they 
saw a great light, and in the midst of the 
light was one of the an-gels of God. 
They not on-ly saw the an-gel but he 
spoke to them. He told them not to fear, 
for he had brought them good news. 

Can you think what this good news 
was? It was that in a lit-tle town not far 
off, our Sav-ior, the Lord Je-sus Christ, 
was just then born, and if they would go 
there they might see Him. Then a great 
num-ber of oth-er bright an-gels joined 
him, and the glo-iy of the Lord shone 
bright-ly in the sky, and the an-gels sang 
a sweet song of joy. They praised God 
for His great good-ness in send-ing His 
be-loved Son, Je-sus, in-to the world to 
die for the good of all men; that we all 



^.^ 






JTJ^EISriljE IlsrSTIS/TJOTOI^ 




might be saved if we would do His will 
and o-bey His laws. 

Oh, how good, how kind, of our great 
Fath-er in Heav-en, to have his Son, who 
nev-er sin-ned die for the sin of the 
world. 

We should all love God and put our 
trust in Him. 

When the an-gels were gone the shep- 
herds went to Beth-le-hem, and found the 
ba-by Christ. He was laid in a man-ger, 
for the inn was so fall that there was no 
room for his moth-er there-in. G. E, 



-•-► — ^ — »♦- 



.A.Isr I£3I=ISOIDE. 



BY J. N. S. 



I 



N the following narration the names of the parties are 

suppressed, but the incidents occurred as stated. 

The writer became acquainted with , a3'oung]ady, in a 

foreign land, some of the facts of whose history he proposes 
to relate. 

She was baptized into the Church at an early age, being the 
only one of a large family that adhered to this unpopular faith. 
She was a very great favorite with the family, and it was 
doubtle.^s, owing to this fact that she was permitted to be 
baptized, and afterwards to remaim in the Church, unmolested 
by them. 

Young, beautiful and accomplished, she seemed greatly to 
appreciate the consolations and hopes of her religion. 
There was one circumstance, however, which threatened her 
future welfare. It is well known, that it is not good for hus- 
band and wife to belong to different religious sects. But in 
accordance with an ancient custom of the country, she had 
been betrothed in childhood to the son of a neighboring 
family. The j-oung man followed sea-faring. The.se betroth- 
als of children had much of the sanctity of actual marriage, 
on accont of the veneration in which .such ancient customs 
were held. 

Their affairs remained in this condition for a number of 
years. It was a great pleasure to the young lady to attend 
the meetings of the Litter-day Saints, also to take part in the 
.singing, having an excellent voice, much improved by cultiva- 
tion. But there arose with her a new desire, which .she 
cherished in common with all Latter-day Saints in a 
foreign land. Is was a desire to gather with the Saints in 
'/Aon. 

It can scarcely be told how thj heart of every true Latter- 
day Saint instinctively turns towards the land of promise — 
the land of their inheritance— the land of .lo.seiih. This feel- 
ing is greatly inten.sified as the emigration se;i.snn approaches. 
The young lady was no stranger to this emotion, and, encour- 
aged by the thoughtle.ss remarks of some Elders, she almost 
determined to forsake her plighted troth to the young sea- 
man, and emigrate without his knowledge. But to the satis- 



faction of the writer, who could not brook a breach of cove- 
nant, she remained and became his wife. 

jMeantime her mother also joined the Church. Living thus 
with an unbeleiving husband, it might seem that her faith 
would have failed, but not so, each succeeding year but added 
to her faith in God, and to ber love for the gospel. 

Some years passed by; the writer was again in that foreign 
land, and old acquaintances were renewed. He found the lady 
in the prime of life, but the prospect of her emigrating seemed 
more remote than ever. 

Her husband, becoming annoyed with the persistance with 
which she adhered to ''Mormonism," finally denied her the 
privilege of attending "Mormon" meetings, and of .associa- 
ting with other Latter-day Saints. In this extremity she sought 
the writer to know if it would be proper for her to leave her 
husband and emigrate to Zion with her little son. To this 
proposition the writer could not give his sanction unless it 
should take place with her husband's consent. 

Her husband's cr^nsent she scarcely dared hope to obtain, 
but when at length she addressed him on the subject, he made 
no objection, having long foreseen that such would be the 
result. 

He was preparing for a long voyage, his destination being 
South America. After his departure the lady's mother and 
brothers determinedly opposed her emigration. With the 
aid of friends, however, she overcame this opposition, and 
safely reached Silt Like City with her little boy. 

Before her husband's departure she placed a Book of Mor- 
mon in his sea chest. While beating across the broad Atlantic 
he read the book for pastime, and re-read it from interest, 
continually discovering new attractions. Upon his return 
home after many months, his wife and child away, he, lor the 
fitst time, attended a "Mormon" meeting. 

The rest is soon told. In the course of a few weeks he 
offered himself as a candidate for baptism. With the return- 
ing emigrating season, accompanied by his wife's mother, he 
set out for Zion. Arriving at Salt Lake City, he was joyfully 
welcomed by his wife and child. The writer has since had the 
opportunity of congratulating him upon his conversion to the 
faith of the Latter-day Saints. 

God is surely able to overrule the results of all our actions; 
but how well it is for those whose acts are in harmony with 
his purposes! 



The Grief of a Rhinoceros. — Even a rhinoceros is 
capable of grief, according to a Paris correspondent, who tells 
the following anecdote of a rhinoceros which recently died 
in that city. The animal had been in the collection at the 
Jardin des Plantes for twenty-two years, but was of an 
unsociable and irascible temper, and not even his keepers 
ventured to take any liberties with hiro. One day, however, 
the little lap-dog of the wife of the director, given her by 
(^ucen Amelia, got into his house by squeezing in between 
the bars of the iron work. Instead of killing the intruder, 
as expected, the rhinoceros allowed the little creature to 
nlav with him, scampering over his back, biting his neck, 
and playing all manner of sportive tricks. The two became 
great friends; the "wee doggie" passed several hours each 
day with his undemonstrative acquaintance, who put up 
patiently with all its teasings. One day the rhinoceros 
inadvertently set his foot on his little pet, killing it instantly. 
The poor brute's grief at the catastrophe was pitiable; for 
two days he did not eat a particle of food. 



l-^, 





CrTJ^E]iq-ILE! IlTSTI^TJOTOI^ 




^;ttri0si!ie^ in 



Ijuiiiati^ 



oa 



IT is not our intention in this series of articles to enter into 
an elaborate treatise upon the various kinds of food used 
in different countries and ages. Though it might interest 
many of our readers far us to do so, we have not the necessary 
sPace to devote to it. We shall, therefore, treat more partic- 
ularly upon the most curious articles of diet, and the most 
interesting features connected therewith, as we may be 
able to glean the facts from the histories of different nations. 

By "curious articles" we mean those which would appear 
most curious or strange to us, for we must not expect the 
people who use them to consider them so. The peculiarities 
in our style of living, which we look upon as being so com- 
monplace, woiild appear quite as novel to some other nations 
as their customs do to us. Our likes and dislikes for particu- 
lar kinds of food are more frequently the result of tradition c 
superstition than many of us are aware. Where national 
prejudices exist against certain kinds of food they almost 
invariable have their foundation in tradition or superstition. 

As an instance of this fact we will cite one case. The French 
people are noted for their fondness for the hind legs of frogs, 
which, when nicely cooked, are said to resemble spring chicken 
in appeal ance and flavor. Frogs are quite as plentiful in 
many other parts of the world as in France, in fact, they are 
found almost the world over. Then why should they not be 
considered as palatable by other nations as by the French? 
Simply because there is a prejudice against using them as 
food. It is said that in ancient times superstition led those 
who wished for children to eat frogs, because those lively lit- 
tle animals are so prolific. Many of our traditions in regard 
to food doubtless originated in this idea, that man partakes 
of the characteristics of the animal which he uses as food. 
Even cannibalism is believed to be due in some instances to 
this idea. It is said that the New Zealanders used to cook 
and eat their most desperate and courageous enemies partly 
for this reason. 

An English merchant in Shanghai, at the time of the Tae- 
ping attack, met his Chinese servant carrying home a human 
heart, and asked him what it was. The man answered that it 
was the heart of a rebel, and that he was tcoing to eat it to 
make him Irave. 

The Malays of Singapore give a large price for the flesh of 
the tiger, not because they like it, but because they fancy 
that by eating it they will acquire the sagacity as well as the 
courage of that animal. The Dacotah Indians eat the liver of 
dogs for the same reason. 

Among the Dyaks, of Borneo, the men refuse to eat the 
flesh of deer for fear they will become as faint-hearted as that 
animal. The women and children however, who are not 
expected to act as warrior?, are allowed to eat it. 

The Caribs, of Guiana, will not eat the flesh of pigs or 
tortoises lest their eyes should become as small as those of 
these animals. 

The Arabs account for their own passionate and revengeful 
character by the fact of their using the flesh ot the camel. 

Of course in this enlightened age we no longer believe in 
such absurd notions, but many of the prejudices which prob- 
ably originated in these very ideas yet remain with us; and 
some of them are almost as unreasonable as those of less 
enlightened nations. 




Chemistry has done much to allay prejudice against certain 
articles of diet, by making us acquainted with their true con- 
stituents. In fact, it has done more than this. Through the 
arts of the chemist our eyes have also been blinded to the 
actual constituents of many of our articles of food, and we 
swallow with relish substances extracted from things which 
would naturally appear to us quite disgusting. Our scientific 
contri?jutor, Brother J. L. Barfoot, has told us in past 
volumes of many instances of this, such as gelatine com- 
pounds made from the scraps of hides and pelts, jelly from 
old boots, etc. But chemistry, as applied to food, is quite a 
modern discovery, hence in ancient times the only way for 
man to ascertain whether any particular thing was jialatable 
or wholesome, was for him to try it. 

It has been said that "he must have been a brave man who 
first ate an oyster. " And there is reason in the saying, for, 
though we enjoy the eating of this luscious bivalve so much, 
when we are educated to it, there are many things which look 
more tempting, naturally, at the sight of which our stomach 
would "turn.' 

If we bear these facts in mini when investigating the 
curiosities in the food of different peoples in ancient 
and modern times, we may probably consider the strange cus- 
toms we find to exist or to have existed in a different light 
than we otherwise would. 

{^To he Continued.) 



,mxt^^mi&ti\tt. 



Kanab, Kane Co, 

December IVth, 1877. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother:— The Juvenile Instrtctor 
is highly esteemed by the children, and parents too, of our 
settlement, and used in our Sunday school with good effect. 
Our people consider the paper more interesting every year, and 
I think we will be better able to sustain it in the future. 

We have recently made some changes in our Sunday school. 
Owing to the many duties and labors required of me as acting 
president of this Stake of Zion, I have thought it best to resign 
my position as superintendent; also one of my very able 
assistants. Brother W. D. Johnson Jun., having been called to 
the Bishopric of this Ward, has done the same. Our places 
are tilled by Brother Allen Frost, superintende.it, and Thomas 
Dobson and Nephi Johnson, Jun., assistants, with Brother 
Leonard J. NuttuU, Treasurer, and Herbert E. Riggs Secretary. 
We have a very good attendonce, and since the introduction Of 
the sacrament in our schools better order and an excellent spirit 
have prevailed. 

Our day schools and Y. M. M I. A., under the supervision Of 
Brother W. D. Johnson and his brother Elmer W., all help to make 
the Sunday school of greater interest and benefit to the settlement. 

Last Saturday the Relief Society was reorganized and tho 
young ladies organized into a M I. S., under the able charge of 
Sister S. T. Nuttall. 

I may say a better spirit csists among tho people at the jiresent 
than has been experienced for several years. 

Your brother in the gospel, 

Jas. S. Jiunting. 

■ — ^-•"••^•— »♦ 

The scales used at tho U. S. Assay Qfiico are so delicate 
that a hair turns the balance. You can ascertain by them tho 
difference in weight of two oye-lashes. They aro made of 
aluminum, and might be compared to a snow-flake. 



C^ 



m( 



:.-€.^ 



^b 12 



k 



o-TJ'VEnsrii-iE iisrsTie."croTOi2/ 




siisra- j^i<TiD FTiyj^ir. 



Words by George Manwarinq. 



Music by William H. Foster. 



:6I^ 



=^ 



— ti=S^S=*r3 



:=^ 



-r ■• 

Children, hatte to 






fe 



:^?5=:=^-ri: 



^SEfEEsr: 



r?=ni= 



: ^ ^- ^= 






-P— *- 









Sunday school 



§! 



rt 



-=^ 



Ev' - rv Sib - bath 
-J. 



day, 



■^- -e-—^-i-^e-^-i^—r: — 



Be 






:^ 



^fe^li 



in time — a 



t=3p=t2=--t: 




-I — 1»— I — - — 1^ 



Lift the heart and lift the voice 

To the Lord to-day, 
Eeaven.y hosts above rejoice 

When we sing ana pray; 
Join in praise and join in prayer, 

Humblj' to the Lord draw near; 
Oh ! 'tis sweet, indeed, to liear 

Children sing and pray. 



In the Sabbath school rejoice. 

Ne'er from duty stray. 
Let your early, only choice 

Be the narrow way; 
From its pathway never rove. 

Seek for wisdom from above; 
Unto Him whose name is love 

Ever sing and pray. 



BV MARY E. KENTON. 



^Fy first is in sheep, but not in Iamb; 

My second in trout, but not in clam; 

Aly third is in gull, but not in crow; 

^ly fourth is in grass, but not in mow; 

My fifth is in trouble and distress; 

My whole, which is plain, a child might guess. 

The answer to the Enigma published in No. 23, Vol. 12, is 
the letter C We h.ivc received correct solutions from Peter 
Madsen, (lunnison; William (1. Urowcr, [lenneferville; H. J. 
AVallacc, W. E. Wallace, F. J. W. Hewlett, Josiah Burrows, 
Charles Pieynolds, Salt Lake City. We have also rfcsived 
the following poetical answer from .T. L. B. 

My answer is that I am letter C, 

Although sometimes I sound like k; 

It is no fault of mine, dear juvenile, 

That I sometimes put on a different style, 

Quite hard, as in the cover of a car; 

Or soft, as in the palace of the czir. 

Perhaps some day a symbol will be found 

For each articulate or vfical sound 



4» »• 



I.v Algeria, the people in a certain section have no dif- 
ficulty in providing themselves with writing fluid. A stream 
comes down from an iron region, and joins another which 
flows through a swamp. There is an acid in the swamp-land 
which, when its waters mix with the iron makes a river of 
excellent ink. What a land for scribblers that would be! 



Eradicating Conceit. — Humility has this consolation: 
It finds that the greatest minds have had the least conceit: 
that Shakespeare bent down from the imperial bight of his 
intellect to be taught by a clown, to Ijc informed by a milk- 
maid; that Socrates in his celebrated voyage in search of 
knowledge, with his perpetual questions concerning the cause 
of things, found that knowledge in a workman's shop which 
he could not find amongst the .schools of the professors or 
phisosophers; that Newton compared himself to a child, who, 
playing on the sea-shore, had picked up a shell here and a 
stone there, and thought them pretty, but knew of them no 
more. The bullet of steel is worn smooth and polished when 
it has passed through the gizzard of an ostrich. The most 
conceited young prig who ever lived will find his level when 
brought to the rude experience of the world. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
on the first and fifteenth op every month. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. ------ EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Siiir/h Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County, 
Tern Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

_^a5- Office, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 



Cu 



G^. 



