w& 




gOMWfiSS TO TBBLORD 

r 









VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1875. 



ISO. 19. 



SILK CULTURE. 




Chinese history tells us that 2600 years before the birth of 
the Savior, the great emperor and lord of the white ele- 
phant, Hoang-ti, began to take an interest in, and understand 
the nature of, the silkworm. So he desired his wife, the 
empress Si-ling-chi, to collect a great many of these insects 
and try to utilize their threads. This the lady did, fed and 
reared them herself, and soon discovered the means of winding 
off and weaving the silk, which ever afterwards caused her to 
be honored as the goddess of the silk worm. Before this time 
the Chinese were clothed with skins of beasts, and, of course, 
it was many years I efore silk became common, and was worn 
by anyone but 
members of the 
royal family. They 
sold it sometimes 
to other states, 
carefully keeping 
the secret of its 
manufacture, and 
it was forbidden, 
under pain of 
death, to export or 
send out of China 
the silk worm eggs, 
or to give strangers 
any information 
about the making 
of the silk itself. 

At the time of 
Alexander the 
Great silk was 
worth its own 
weight in gold; and 
we read that the 
Roman emperor Aurelian refused his empress a silken robe, 
as being too costly a present even for a Roman emperor to 
give. Babylon and India had their silks at very early dates, 
but probably obtained the material from China. Constanti- 
nople and Greece furnished Europe with silk worms for cen- 
turies. In the eighth century the Arabs introduced them 
into Spain. From Greece the caterpillars were taken to 
Sicily during one of the frequent wars, and thence the 
art of making silk spread over Italy. In the reign of 
Henry IV. of France this element of her national wealth 
gre up. 




LARVA, PUPA, COCOON AND .MOTH OP SILKWORM. 



The silk worm is not beautiful in appearance, but it gives 
the whole world its most brilliant and gorgeous array. The 
body of the silk worm has thirteen distinct segments. Its 
process of gnawing and absorbing the mulberry leaf is very 
peculiar. The mouth is provided with six small articulated 
pieces; a hollow in the upper jaw receives the edge of the leaf, 
and beneath, two large jaws cut the leaf as a pair of scissors. 
Underneath, weaker jaws divide the fragments and a small 
organ, articulated on each jaw, pushes them back towards the 
mouth, and prevents the smallest fragment of a leaf from 
falling. The leaf, passing into glands, is converted into silk 

by processes un- 



known to man. 
Efforts have been 
I made to obtain silk 
directly from the 
mulberry leaf, but 
without success. 
Art cannot find any 
substitute for the 
organs of the in- 
sect. It was once 
hoped that by tak- 
ing from the body 
of the worm the 
viscous matter in 
the glands silk 
could be formed. 
A thread was ob- 
tained, but it was 
almost worthless; 
and it became evi- 
dent that the silk 
must be manipula- 
The worm moults several 



ted and emitted by the worm itself, 
times. In each successive stage it changes its color, and is 
remarkably voracious just before the time for moulting. The 
last interval is the longest, and just before the termination of 
its caterpillar existence it eats with extraordinary activity. 
Where there is a large collection the noise their jaws makes is 
like a heavy shower of rain. When the time draws near for it 
to change into a chrysalis, the worm becomes restless, wanders 
away from its food, which it never did before, and seeks for a 
suitable place in which to establish its cocoon. It begins this 
task by throwing from different sides threads destined fo; 





218 



J-TJYBITILS IHSTBTJOTOB. 




< v . 



fixing the coeoon. The proper space having been ascertained 
by this means, the worm begins to unwind its thread, which it 
arranges around its body, describing ovals with its head. 
About the fourth day, having expended all its silk, the worm, 
shut up in the cocorm, becomes of a waxy white color; the 
skin wrinkles; very soon it is detached and pushed downward, 
and the chrysalis appears under the rents in the skin. In 
fifteen or sixteen days the moth appears, and it makes its way 
through its silken prison to the light of day. 

The rearing and culture of the silk worm is a very important 
industry, and in this Territory, the country being so well 
adapted for their culture, it must eventually, if we consult 
our true interest, become a very widespread business. After 
procuring good eggs, the most essential point is to possess 
premises in which the air is easily renewed. The worms must 
have all the air possible, and yet never be chilled. This is 
usually attained by keeping a constant fire in an open room, 
and by letting air into the room from another chamber, which 
separates it from the open air. In the rearing room are 
arranged racks, by the side of which are placed frames made 
of reeds or something of the same character. These frames 
are placed in such a 
manner that one can 
easily pass around 
them to place and 
remove the worms, 
and to distribute the 
leaves uniformly. 
In large rearing es- 
tablishments there 
is a special chamber 
for hatching. The 
eggs are spread out 
on sheets of paper 
placed on a table in 
a room with a southern front, taking care that the rays of the 
sun shall not reach them. After three or four days a fire is 
lighted and day by day the heat gradually increased. As soon 
as the worms are hatched the eggs are covered with a net, and 
over them are placed mulberry boughs covered with tender 
leaves, on which all the little worms gather. They are then 
lifted off with a hook of thin wire, and the worms are placed 
on a table covered with paper. As their first meal they are 
given tender leaves cut into small pieces. During the first 
age, the period preceding the first moult, they are fed six or 
eight times a day, care being 
taken to distribue the food as 
equally as possible. When the 
moult approaches, the young 
ones are made to climb on to 
boughs having tender leaves .so 
that they can be moved to lit- TIIE sir - 

ters as thin and clean as possible, and there sleep in a good 
state of health. When the mass- of worms is well awake 
again a net is spread over them, the meshes of which are 
broad enough for them to pass through. On this net are 
spread young leaves, and the worms immediately leaving the 
old food, proceed to the new. This process is repeated through 
each successive age. When the last age approaches its ter- 
mination and the chrysalis >tate is near, sprigs of heather or 
something of the kind are placed so that the worm — which at 
this period has a great disposition to mount — can ascend into 
these branches and there spin its oblong cocoon of rich, yellow 
silk. 




MRS. MOTH AND EGGS. 



The conditions most important in rearing the silk worm are 
proper and equable boat and thorough ventilation. The most 
precarious period is the time after the last moult. When the 
worms awake from flu ir sleep they are liable to various dis- 
eases and hence require the utmost care and watching. 

When the cocoons are completed, they are separated from 
the heather and sold to the silk spinners. But the chrysalis 
within the cocoon must first be destroyed in order to prevent 
the moth fro ie eing its r-ilken covering. In the old coun- 
tries this is ue 1 ;, ■ sposin . I he cocoon to steam in which the 
chrysalis is si. I: but we believe the method adopted here is 
to expose tl e heat of the sun. 

The coci - i :ined in order to produce eggs for 

the next y. ! ,.n sheets of brown paper covered with 

a slight co te. Male and female cocoons are placed 

on se it :ire distinguished by the females being 

alwaj .iii ■. ^ - r lien the moths appear they are seized 

by the win.. nla . 1 on cloths spread out for the purpose. 

A red fluio -ed Prom them, and then the males and 

females are d together, and in a short time are again 

separated. ts of paper are placed on screens suitably 

inclined, on \ i the females are laid. Here the moths lay 
their eggs. sheets of paper covered with eggs are then 

hung on wires in a room which is never warmed, and here they 
remain till th ■■ In' liing season returns. 

President Yuune has urged upon the people of this Terri- 
tory the pi opricty of paying attention to the culture of the 

silk worm. Many years 
ago he imported seed, at 
considerable cost of mon- 
ey and pains, of the best 
quality for raising mul- 
berry trees. There is 
nothing to prevent the 
country being filled with 
them. ■ They are beautiful trees, and even for purposes of 
shade are scarcely equalled by any other kind we have in the 
Territory. At the present time it probably would not be wise, 
even if it could be successfully carried on, for silk worms to be 
raised in large quantities. Either for want of skill or from 
the iact that worms thus raised are not so healthy, the attempts 
that have been made have not resulted as satisfactorily as 
could be wished. But there is no doubt respecting the rearing 
of silk worms by families in small quantities. Children can 
soon be taught to perform all the labor necessary, with a little 

oversight, for the successful 
rearing of the silk worms, and 
cocoons sell readily at a very 
good price. We think the 
time is not far distant when 
this will become one of our 
K WORM. most V a] uaD ] e and profitable 

industries. Already a society has been organised in this city, 
having for its object the cultivation of silk. 




MR. MOTH. 




Wht Ears Should not be Boxed. — The passage of the 
ear is closed by a thin membrane, especially adapted to be 
influenced by every impulse of the air, and with nothing but 
the air to support it internally. If anyone designed to break 
or overstretch the membrane he could scarcely devise more 
efficient means than to bring the hand forcibly down upon the 
passages of the ear, forcing the air before it with no chance 
to escape but by breakiug the membrane and "ausing deafness. 






-'•^Jfcf 1 




J" TJ "V IE IDT 1 1_. E HTSTRTJCTOR 




219 



"LTIfcTIDIEIR, THIS S:N~OW_ 
./V-om ''A?Z the Year Round." 



(Concluded.) 




Fbbiutart 18.— The cold is intense; it recalls the visit of 
the wolves to mind. There is nothing now to hinder 
them from traversing the mountain in all directions. Under 
these desperate circumstances, it is the only end which makes 
me shudder. Were an avalanche permitted to crush me 
to-day, I should hail death as a deliverance. 

February 20. — I have come to a grand resolution! I will 
leave the chalet to-morrow. Before risking my life, I wish to 
record in my journal what, made me come to this conclusion. 

Yesterday morning, Blanchette's bleating woke me out of a 
frightful dream. I thought I was standing, with bloody hands, 
cutting up the poor animal's quivering flesh; her head lay 
before me; I could nevertl ..-less hear it utter cries of pain. 
These were what actually die strike my ear. I awoke with my 
cheeks streaming with tears. How delighted I was to behold 
Blanehette still living ! I ran up to her; she was more affec- 
tionate than ever. My joy was not of long duration. I remem- 
bered that destitution stared me in the face ; indecision was 
impossible. I took a knife, and set to work to sharpen it on 
the hearthstone. 1 was at my wit's end; I felt as if I were going 
to commit a murder; and, after advancing unsteadily for the 
purpose ot giving the fatal blow, I stopped short, overpowered 
by feelings of remorse. 

My hands were benumbsd with cold, another reason for 
deferring the act which inspired me with such disgust and 
repugnance. I lighted a good fire, and pondered as I warmed 
myself. "If the wolves can travel over the snow," it suddenly 
struck me, ''why should not we travel over 'i f as well?'' 

This idea thrilled me with joy; then fear stole over my mind. 
I was about to surrender myself to those ravenous brutes. 
To avoid making Blanehette my prey, I was exposing myself 
to become the prey of wolves! 

And, if I kill the goa — I afterwards considered — am I sure 
that her flesh will sufii' e for my support until the moment of 
deliverance? I have s( metimes seen the Jura all covered with 
white quite into the summer. I must not lose the opportunity 
now offered while the snow is frozen. That the woives will 
attack us during our course, is far from a certainty; for, if I 
start, our pace will be rapid; we will descend in a sledge ! 

I sprang to my feet instantly; my resolution was taken, and, 
from that moment, I labored at its execution. In a short 
space of time, I had roughly put together the vehicle necessary 
for our journey, employing the very best wood which remained. 
I gave to the supports of the sledge a. considerable width, to 
prevent their sinking in the snow. 1 intend fastening the goat 
behind, and tying her feet, so as to hinder her from struggling, 
and propose to place myself in front. Accustomed in my 
childish sports to guide a sledge down steep slopes, I hope, if 
no accident occurs, speedily to reach the plain. 

Meanwhile, I am about to lie down to rest, although the 
excitement will hardly allow me to sleep. I cannot gaze without 
emotion on the walls of this prison where I have suffered so 
much, and where I shall leave my grandfather's remains. I 
think with terror of the distance which lies between me and 
the village; but I will not draw back. The thought of being 
soon certain respecting my father's fate renders me incredibly 
impatient. The sledge is ready. Here is the rope with which 
I will tie Blanchette's feet; here is the sheaf of straw which is 
to serve her for bed and shelter; here is the blanket which 1 



will wrap around me ; and, lastly, here is the Bible. I will 
never part with it more; it shall accompany me unto life or 
unto death. 

In the last scene of my captivity, things passed quite differ- 
ently to what I had expected. 

On the 21st of February, the cold struck me as increasing 
in severity ; I therefore determined not to lose an instant. 
I had to open a passage wide enough for the sledge to pass 
through: but I could throw back the snow into the chalet, and 
that made my task easier. I immediately set to work, and 
labored at it so heartily, that at last I felt tired. I was obliged 
to rest awhile. I lighted a fire. 

Scarcely had the smoke risen in the air, when I heard a 
great noise outside. My first thought was that the wolves had 
got scent of me, and that they were on the point of devouring 
me. I violently shut to the door. My fright did not last long, 
for I soon heard myself distinctly called by name, and I even 
thought I could recognise the voice. I answered with all my 
strength. 

Instantly there arose, in the direction of the door, a confused 
sound of voices, like that of people excited by their work in 
hand. In a few minutes, a tolerably wide opening completed 
the passage which I had begun. It was my father. He scarce- 
ly waited for the breach in the snow to be fairly open. He 
darted with a cry into the chalet. I was in his arms. 

"And your grandfather?" he asked. 

I was too much overcome to answer : I led him into the dairy. 
He knelt beside the grave ; I did the same; and as I endeav- 
ored to tell him in detail what had passed, he saw by my 
agitation, that the attempt was beyond my strength. 

The men who accompanied him had entered. They were 
my two uncles, and Pierre, our servant. They saw my prepa- 
rations, and approved of them. They all embraced me. 
They 7 decided to start immediately. My liberators had fastened 
to their feet small pieces of board armed with little points. They 
had brought a couple of pairs besides. Ah! one of them was 
useless; I put on the other. Pijrre took charge of the 
sledge. The wolves now might come if they pleased; we 
were all armed. My father took me by the hand, and laid 
on my shoulder a light gun which I knew how to use. 

"This is not the time," he said, "to remove my father's 
mortal remains. We will come and fetch them as soon as the 
season allows us, when they shall decently receive the last re- 
spect due to them, in the vi'lagc cemetery." 

"You have divined," I replied, "my grandfather's last 
wishes." 

We retired for an instant into the dairy; my uncles were 
with us. After a few moments of silence, my father, all in 
tears, exclaimed: 

"Adieu! father. No doubt I am doing what you would 
request me to do, in removing this lad as soon as possible, 
whose fate must have caused you as much apprehension as it 
has given us. Father, adieu ! ' ' 

We departed; our eyes were full of tears. The descent was 
rapid but fatiguing. 1 was especially dazzled by the light of 
the sun and the brilliancy of the snow. The cold was severe, 
but I did not complain; it was what had saved me. 

After traveling over the snow with no other accident than 
sinking in a little from time to time, we arrived at the spot, 
still a long way from the village, up to which they had opened 
the road in their endeavors to reach us. I was astonished to 
see the immense labor it must have cost; and I comprehended 
that, without the frost, a long time must still have elapsed 
before 1 could be delivered. 





3£0 



JUYEinLE I1TSTEUCTOB. 




"You would have been rescued in the month of December, 
if the frost had held on," my father said; "but the snow soft- 
ened, and we had no choice but to >vork as hard as we could 
at this under-taking. You must know, my dear Louis, that 
our neigbors have been wanting neither in charity nor zeal; 
but, within the memory of man, never was there such a heavy 
fall of snow. Four times did we open the road, and four 
times was it drifted up again." 

''Was it blocked up from the first day?" I inquired. 

My father theD informed me of a very unfortunate circum- 
stance. He nearly lost his life from the sliding of a mass of 
snow, as he was descending the mountain. They picked him 
up in a dying state at the edge of a ravine, and, a few paces 
farther on, they found my grandfather's stick, and my bottle. 

My father was carried home senseless, where he continued 
for three days in a precarious condition. They lost all that 
time in searching for us amongst the snow at the bottom of the 
ravine. When my father came to himself, it was too late to 
make any attempt in our favor, which would already have 
been very dangerous, if not impossible, after the first day. 

All our neighbors came out to meet me, testifying their 
friendly disposition; aud I blushed to have ever doubted it. 
Everybody is curious to see Blanchette. She is overwh dmed 
with caresses on my account. She is treated to the best hay 
and the dryest litter; she will be the most pampered aud the 
happiest of goats. 

God has saved my life. lie has not permitted my grand- 
father to behold his family again. But the good friend whom 
I have lost, taught me never to murmur at the decrees of Prov- 
idence. 

ii! t rica. 



BY G. M. O. 



THE Mol'Mi BUILDERS. 




AN ancient people who have left remains of their civilization 
in the valleys of the Mississippi and its tributaries are 
called "Mound Builders," this name having been suggested 
by an important class of their works — mounds, most of them 
terraced and truncated pyramids, constructed with intclligen :e 
and great labor. These works ate not found widely separated 
or isolated; but form an almost continuous chain down the Ohio 
anl Mississippi from western Pennsylvania to .Mexico aud 
Central America. Ross County, ( )hio, alone contains about 
one hundred enclosures and five hundred mounds. The 
number of mounds in the whole State of Ohio is estimated at 
over ten thousand and the number of inclosures at more than 
fifteen hundred; and yet they are more numerous in the regions 
of the lower Mississippi and the Gulf of Mexico than any- 
where else. Mounds and earth works are very numerous in 
Kentucky, New York, Pennsylvania and Virginia, in fact 
from Maine to Florida, but they are most abundant in 
Western New York and Central Pennsylvania in reference to 
the Atlantic States. The mounds are as variable in dimen- 
sions as aie the enclosures, and range from such as are but a 
few feet in hight and a few yards in diameter to those which 
rise to the hight of seventy feet and measure a thousand leet 
in circumference at their base. In form it mav be observed 
that the larger part of the enclosures are regular in outline, 
the circle predominating, some are squares, some parallelo- 



grams, ellipses or polygons. The mounds are usually simple 
cones, sometimes truncated and occasionally terraced with 
graded or winding ascents to their summits. Most are circular, 
some elliptical, others pear-shaped and others squares with 
aprons or terraces and graded ascents. A class found most 
frequent in Wisconsin and the North-west takes the form of 
animals and reptiles, and another variety of remains are 
elevated causeways or roads, graded descents and covered ways 
to rivers and streams, or from one terrace to another. Tlio 
regular works are found mostly on level grounds. The irregur 
lar works are those which were evidently works of defense, 
and are usually made to conform to the nature of the ground 
on which they are erected; they run around the brows of hills, 
across narrow rocks or isthmuses, which are protected on the 
sides by deep ravines, streams or steep and inaccessible preci- 
pices, aud vary in the hight of their walls and the depth of 
their ditches. The square and the circle are often found in 
combination, frequently communicating by avenues of parallel 
embankments. Where excavation,-, are made, skeletons, frag- 
ments of pottery and other relies are usually found. 

Antiquarians have divided the works of the Mound Builders 
into three grand classes: works of defense, religious structures 
and sepulchral monuments. These relics are almost always 
found in districts and places where the soil is rich aud fertile. 
Mr. Flint, the geographer, says: ''The most dense ancient 
populations existed in precisely the places where the most 
crowded populations will exist in ages to come. Sites selected 
by our own people for settlements are often found to be those 
which were the principal seats of the Mound Builders. Mar- 
ietta, Newark, Portsmouth, Chilicothe, Circleville and Cin- 
cinn; fci, in Ohio; Frankfort. Kentucky, and St. Louis, Missouri, 
all stand on the site- of extensive ancient works which have 
in some instances determined the plan of the existing cities." 
Although the wo ks of the Mound Builders are all of one 
general type, they vary materially in the different sections of 
the country. Enclosures and tumuli, evidently religious, are 
found mostly in the Southern an 1 Western States, while defen- 
sive works are abundant in Western New York, Central Penn- 
sylvania and Ohio. The nearer we approach the Gulf of 
Mexico the regular mounds or truncated and terraced pyramids, 
coinciding in type with the "teo eallis" of Mexico, become 
more numerous and larger, and in some cases adobes, or sun- 
dried bricks were used in their construction. Relics of art 
have been dug from some of the mounds, consisting of a vari- 
ety of ornaments and implements made of silver, copper, 
obsidian, porphyry and green stone, finely wrought. There 
are sinsrle and double axes, adzes, chisels, drills or gravers, 
lance-heads, knives, bracelets, pendants, beads and other orna- 
ments of copper; pottery of elegant design and finish, with 
ornaments of bone, mica, silver and shells; articles of stone 
of fine workmanship, some of them elaborately carved, 
while in a few eases written characters or glyphic writing has 
been found. At tin arcluelogical congress held at Norwich, 
England, in 1868, one of the speakers related the fact that 
"Fragments of charred cloth made of spun fibres have been 
found in the mounds. A specimen of such cloth, taken from 
a mound in Butler Couuty, Ohio, is in the Talisbury Museum." 
The Mound Builders used large quantities of copper. Remains 
of their mining works were first discovered in 1S48 by Mr. 
Knapp near the shore of Lake Superior. A point or projec- 
tion of land resembling in shape an immense horn, projects 
into the lake; it is about eighty miles long, and about forty-five 
miles broad where it joins the mainland. All through this 
| district the remains of ancient mining works are found, 





JT TJ "V" IE ZKT I IL. IE INSTBUCTOR 



£21 



Usually the civilized life of the Mound Builders h:is been 
classed below the ancient people of Central America and Mex- 
ico, this inference being drawn from the lack of stone work 
and finely carved inscriptions and decorations surmounting 
their mounds, but we have every reason to believe that origin- 
ally the pyramids of the Mississippi Valley were crowned with 
temples and altars, but constructed of perishable materials. 
Mr. Baldwin remarks that "It can be seen without long study 
of their works as we know them that the Mound Builders had 
a certain degree of civilization which raised them far above 
the condition of savages. To make such works pissible under 
any circumstances, there must be settled life, with its accumu- 
lated and intelligently organized industry, fixed habits of useful 
work, directed by intelligence." 

Prominent among the remains of those ancient people is the 
great mound at Grave Creek, West Virginia. It is 70 feet 
high, and 1000 feet in circumference at the base. A mound 
in Miamisbury, Ohio, is 68 feet high and 852 feet in circum- 
ference. The great truncated pyramid at Cahokia, Illinois, 
is 700 feet long, by 500 feet wide, and 90 feet high. Within a 
circuit of a few miles from this mound are the remains of over 
one hundred and fifty ancient tumuli; and within the vicinity 
on the Missouri side of the river are the remains of two 
ancient cities of vast proportions. At the mouth of the Mis- 
souri there stood a pyramid with three stages or landing places. 
Fifteen miles west cf St. Louis, on the Maramee River, is a 
group of mounds. In one of them were found stone coffins 
containing human bones. The mound known as Mount Joliet 
in Illinois, is sixty feet high, four hundred and fifty yards long 
and seventy five yards wide. It is erected on a bed of lime- 
stone formation, and Mr. Schoolcraft says in its construction 
18,250,000 solid feet of earth were required. At Piqua, Ohio, 
on the Miami river, is located a circular wall of stone enclosing 
about twenty acres. This wall is built of limestone taken from 
the bed of the river. The stones are laid in mortar. lower 
down the river are extensive ruins upon the plain. The wal' 
of a fortification here is twelve feet high, of earth, and en- 
closes one hundred and sixty acres. Surrounding Chilicothe, 
Ohio, are extensive ancient ruins. From a map by Mr. Squires 
embracing a section of about twelve miles of the country sur- 
rounding this city over one hundred mounds and forty enclo- 
sures, many of large size, can be counted. At Seltzertown, 
Mississippi, there is a mound 600 feet long. 400 feet wide and 
40 feet high. Its summit measures four acres, while its base 
covers six acres of ground. There was a ditch around it. and 
near it are smaller mounds. Dickeson says the north s ' of 
this mound is supported by a wall of sun-dried brick tw I et 
thick, filled with grass, rushes and leaves. 
( To he Continued.) 

stt:el:n".a.:m::es A-Usro nsr^nvcES 

or towns. 




ASURNAMe is the name of one's family. John Smith i. 
simply John of the Smith family. It is not agreed what 
the derivation of the word surname i-. Dr. Johnson says it is 
the name which one has over and abov> the Christian name, 
thus giving his sanction to the idea that the word originated 
from the French our nt.m or over-name. Others say that the 
surname was formerly the Christian name instead of after it; 
thus Smith John, instead of John Smith. Still others say 
that it is really the sf/v.-name, or the name of one's father, or 
sire. The first of these three theories is probably the correct one. 



There is something to bo said, however, ior the last rather 
fanciful notion. Every nation uses the father's name inTorm- 
ing surnames. The Hebrews did so. "Ben," before a name, 
meant "son of." Benhadad was "the son of Hadad." The 
Germans add sohn, or son. Mendelssohn, the first of the 
name, was Meadel's son. The Swedish Nilsson is formed in 
the same way. This is also the English way. Johnson, 
Thompson, Williamson, Peterson, Jameson and hosts of others 
might be mentioned as examples. The Polish addition for son 
is ski or s7ey, as Petrowsky, the son of Peter. 

The Scotch use Fitz and Mac before the name to express the 
idea of son of, and the Irish use Mac and O. The latter is, 
simply, Thomas O'Donnell is Thomas of O'Donnell; and this 
may be either son of, or of a certain place. 

The flames of the principal Highland clans in Scotland are 
given as follows : 

M'Tntosh; the son r.f the First. 

M'Donald; the son of Brown Eyes. 

M'Dugall; the son of Black Eyes. 

M'Onneehy or Duncan; the son of Brown Head. 

M'Gregor; the son of a Greek Man. 

M'Leod; the son ot the Wounder. 

M'Lean; the son of the Lion. 

M'Kenzie; the son of the Friendly One. 

M'Intyre; the son of the Carpenter. 

Campbell; Crooked Mouth. 

Cameron; Crooked Nose. 

Stewart; High Stay or Support. 

Ap is the prefix used in Wales for son. Llewellyn ap- 
Howell is the name of Llewellyn the son of Howell. As 
Llewellyn wanders into England bis name is shortened into 
Powell. John ap-Riehard in the same way becomes John 
Pritchard. 

But while Welshmen stay at home they keop their names 
unchanged, and sometimes they add to them. Thus Evan's 
son is named Richard ap-Evan; his son is Jonn ap-Richard-ap- 
Evan, and so on. 

An Englishman riding in the mountains of Wales one dark 
night, heard a cry of distress from some one who had fallen 
into a ravine by the roadside. 

"Help, master, help !" cried the poor man. 

"Help? Who are you?" called out the traveler. 

"Jenkin ap Griffith -ap - Bobin - ap - William - ap-Rees-ap- 
Evan," was the reply. 

"Lazy fellows that you be !" said the Englishman, spurring 
tip his horse, "to lie rolling in that hole, a half-a-dozen of you ! 
Why in the name of common sense don't you help each other 
out." 

The orieina] names of towns as well as the surnames of 
persons, have often a peculiar meaning. 

Litchfield, for example, is really the field of the dead. 
Litch was the Saxon word for a dead body. A lick or hjeh- 
gate was the one in a church-yard through which the dead 
were carried to burial. Such gates may still be found in Eng- 
land. It is asserted in old traditions that- in the time of Dio- 
cletian, a thousand Christians were put to death, and left 
unburied in a field, which is still pointed out near the city 
which grew up there, and received its name in consequence. 




SLANDERS. — Look on slanderers as direct enemies to civil 
society; as persons without honor, honesty, or humanity. Who- 
ever entertains you with the faults of others, designs to serve 
you in a similar manner. 





222 



CT TT ^ IE ZTnTZ LIE IITSTRUCTOB. 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1875. 






eiditoi^ijll tzhzottg-ihits. 

BEPIENCE is a principle which children 
should learn to observe, for without it 
the}' can never be happy in this world nor 
in the world to come. Think what an im- 
mense amount of confusion would reign 
where obedience did not exist. Without 
it we should have no spring, summer, 
autumn or winter upon wnich we could 
depend, for if the earth did not obey the 
aw which God has given it, its movements 
could not be relied upon. And so with all the 
r ',f' ] 'la nets which fill the heavens with such glory. 
^ They move in their orbits, obeying fixed laws, 
and the contusion and destruction would be 
readnil, if by any means they were to violate these 
laws. The vegetable world also obeys the law of 
its being. Every tree, and shrub, and flower, all 
the grains and grasses and esculents are obedient to 
fixed laws; and through their obedience to these laws man is 
able to depend with certainty upon them and their growth. 
Surround them with the proper conditions and they do not 
disappoint him. By this principle of obedience order is main- 
tained throughout the universe amid all the creations of our 
God. Even the animals obey the laws of their creation, and 
there is no plant or creature, no element with which we are 
acquainted which disobeys or breaks the laws of its creation, 
which God has given for its government. Man alone, of all the 
creations of our Father, exhibits disobedience and fails to ob- 
serve the laws which his Creator has given unto him. By 
obedience he can ascend from this condition of existence to 
dwell with his Father eternally in the heavens, to become, in 
fact, a god; but he can by disobedience sink tar below all 
created things. The earth is cursed because of man's disobe- 
dience. Even the animal creation suffers from it. But the 
day is coming when man's obedience will be the means of bles- 
sing the earth and all the animal and vegetable creations. 

Children should learn to be obedient. In childhood and 
throughout life they should obey their parents. They should 
also obey the priesthood of the Son of God — in other words, 
obey the men whom the Lord has called to lie his servants. 
There are great promises made to those who are obedient. The 
Lord told the children of Israel that if they honored their 
fathers and mothers they should livelong in the laud. He has 
said unto us in His revelations that "the willing and obedient 
shall eat the good of the land of Zion in these last days." 
The obedient are numbered among the children of Ephraim, 
and the Lord says that "the rebellious arc not of the blood of 
Ephraim." He further says that "they shall be plucked out. 
They shall be cut off from the land of Zion, and shall be sent 
away, and shall not inherit the land." 

From the beginning of this church until the present tin 1 
men and women who have been obedient to the counsel of 
God's servants have always been the most favored. President 
Young, during the lifetime of the prophet Joseph, was 



always noted for his strict obedience to the prophet. Brother 
Joseph never made any requirement of him that he did not 
strictly comply with. The same may be said of the other 
faithful men who, during his lifetime, were associated with 
him. But the disobedient and the rebellious have been, as 
the Lord said they should be, cut off. Oliver Cowdery was 
with Joseph when John the Baptist came to them and ordained 
them to the Aaronie priesthood. He was the second apostle 
in the Church also, and a witness of the Book of Mormon, 
the angel of the Lord having shown him the plates. But he 
was disobedient to the prophet and he could not stand. It 
might be thought that he was so near to Joseph and so 
favored of God that it was not necessary for him to do exactly as 
the prophet told him; but not so. There is an order in the 
church of Christ which all must observe, and no one can be 
disobedient without bringing the displeasure of the Lord upon 
him. This is a principle which all should learn. 

Many may think, "Oh, it is only a man who is talking; it is 
only a man who asks me to do this; it is only a few men who 
require me to go on a mission or to perform this or the other 
labor; I will do as I please about obeying it." But remember 
thai God has chosen men to be His servants and has given 
them power to regulate His church and to lead and guide His 
people, and He will honor them if they do right; and those 
who refuse to obey them He will condemn; and no man in 
this Church, from the begining until the present time, ever 
refused to obey the counsel of God's servants without losing 
His spirit, and where they have not repented with heartfelt 
sorrow, they have lost their standing in the Church. 

There is a spirit of unbelief and disobedience manifested by 
the people of the world throughout all Christendom, and this 
is growing and spreading on every hand. Our enemies would 
like to see our children grow up disobedient and unbelieving. 
They are doing all in their power to introduce that spirit 
among them. They would rather see the children of this 
Territory deny the Lord, and be guilty of every vice, than to 
see them faithful Latter-day Saints and obedient to the Priest- 
hood of His Son; and we must be guard against this or this 
spirit will spread among us. Already many have yielded to 
its influence and have lost their faith; but we know there are 
very many who will not receive such an influence and who will 
be true in their obedience to the authority which God has 
restored. 

Our Heavenly Father requires something more of us than 
to lie merely obedient to a commandment when he gives it to 
us. He desires us to strive to do good of ourselves without 
waiting to be commanded to do so. He says, "It is not meet 
that I should command in all things, for he that is compelled 
in all things, the same is a slothful and not a wise servant; 
wherefore he receiveth no reward." He adds, that "men 
should anxiously engage in a good cause and do many things 
of their own free will, and bring to pass much righteousness; 
for the power is in them." He says also: "he that doeth not 
anything until he is commanded, and receiveth a command- 
ment with doubtful heart, and keepeth it with slothfulness, 
the same is damned;" and experience of forty-five years has 
proved the truth of these words. 

Look around you, children, and see who the men are in 
this Church who have been most blessed andffavored of God! 
They are the men who have been the most obedient, who have 
striven with the greatest zeal to do good, who have not 
waited for a commandment in all things; and every child in 
this Church should make it his or her. chief delight to be 
obedient to its parents and to the servants of God. 





CT TT ^T IE 2T I LIE IUSTRUOTOB. 



223 




THE VILLAGE MATCH. 



From Chambers' Miscellany. 




(Continued.) 
"rpms is charming," said I; "but this room will soon be too 

X small for all your family, dear Engelbert. You must 
enlarge it." 

"Not for ten years," he answered. "The temple of our 
happiness is small, but the happiness therein is great. We 
have more than we want." 

"And are you really so very happy thus, Engelbert?" 

"Look here," said he, pointiug to his wife and children : 
"see what blooming faces ! A noble soul animates these little 
creatures. Here is my kingdom — my all ! Mine is a life of 
reality, and not of appearance, like that led by those in magni- 
ficent cities. I have enough for my bodily wants, and a sphere 
of action for my mind. I certainly live separated from Euro- 
pean refinements; but see there," added he, pointing to hi; 
books, "I have the best, the immortal ones of mankind around 
me! Nature, the wonderful works of God, the promises of 
eternity, all belong to me. What more can I desire?" 

I pressed his hand, and knew not how to answer him. I 
might have called him a dreamer, but I felt he was right in 
all he said. The further I became acquainted with him, the 
more I admired his unceasing industry. His business as mayor 
occupied much of his time; but beside this, he cultivated the 
meadows and fields around his house, although only so far as 
was necessary for his household wants; he read and wrote two 
or three hours every day, and instructed his two eldest children. 
These already knew a great deal, as they were well taught. 
They were acquainted with the scientific names and the orop- 
erties of the trees, shrubs, herbs, and vegetables within their 
reach ; they understood the geology of the mountains around 
them ; they played with the philosophical instruments in the 
house, and had some knowledge of the stars and plauets; even 
the little boy of seven years old told me that the sun was a 
more beautiful world than this ; and though he could not yet 
understand the mountains of the moon, he enjoyed looking 
at them through the telescope. Augusta managed her house- 
hold affairs, of which she was uncontrolled mistress, in the 
same spirit as her husband performed his business. She at- 
tended not only to the smallest trifle in the kitchen, but also 
to the fowls, the flax, the hemp, and the corn, and the various 
animals which belong to a farm. 

"But," asked I again, "what brought you to this place ? 
You should have devoted your noble talents to the service of 
your couutry, instead ot being only a village mayor in a foreign 
land." 

Early on the morning of the following Sunday, which he 
had promised to devote to me, hejoined me in the garden of 
the hotel. My breakfast was placed in a vine-covered arbor, 
from which was an extended and beautiful view of the sur- 
rounding country. Engelbert ordered milk and black bread 
to be brought there for him. "I will now tell you," said he, 
"what fate drove me hither. Augusta and the children will 
call us, and when they are ready, we will all take a walk ; then 
we will go to church: the cure and other good friends dine 
with us ; and in the afternoon the young people of the village 
give a concert. There is a ball in the evening, and you must 
dance with us. Now, hearken with reverence. 

"I left the university half a year afteryou did. My guardian 
had ordered me to remain there another year; but I put thirty 
louis-d'ors in my pocket, and set forth on my travels. I 
journeyed through Germany and Switzerland, from the Alps 



to Paris ; then through France to Provence, whence I went by 
sea to Naples, then to Rome, and home by Vienna. I brought 
back two louis-d'ors in my pocket. I travelled generally on 
foot, taking only bread and water, now and then wine, and 
sleeping in barns and stables. 

"I returned from my journey just as my friends were going 
to advertise me in the newspapers. My guardian was very 
angry; but I found that a visit to foreign countries did me more 
good than a year's attendance at the professors' lectures. I 
was examined, and obtained great credit for my knowledge; 
and I was placed, at first without salary, in a government office, 
m order to initiate'me in business. I applied the next year 
for a place as justiciary; but being only three-and-twenty, I was 
too young. Very well, thought I, that fault will mend every day. 
The next year I applied for another situation. .The president 
of the government answered : 'You have some fortune ; why 
do you not dress better? Why do you wear such coarse stuff 
— you cannot appear anywhere thus.' 'The state, your Ex- 
cellency,' answered I, 'requires honest service from me, and 
not fine clothes.' The president was offended, and after giving 
me a slight bow, lett me. 

"There was at that time a quarrel between our court and a 
neighboring one concerning the right of possession of some 
abbey lands. The law appeared to give the right to our op- 
ponents; but 1 had accidentally found in the land-office some 
deeds relating to the affair, and which would decide it in our 
favor. I wrote a defence of our claims, had it piinted, 
together with these deeds, dedicated it to the king, and sent it 
to the minister. This paper brought me great honor. I 
received the order of Merit — namely, a yard of ribbon to hang 
at my button-hole ; and as I afterwards learned, the govern- 
ment intended to do great things for me. Unfortunately, I 
knew there was nothing to be got by the ribbon, and I sent it 
back, assuring the minister that I had not written from vanity 
or interestedness, but from love of justice. I could not have 
worn the ribbon without blushing. This was interpreted to my 
hurt by every one, but especially by the court. The president 
told me I was a fool, and quite out of favor : I must not now 
expect a situation. Just at this time happened the death of 
my guardian. He had spent not only his own property, but 
mine also. I was sorry for him. Had he told me what he 
had done, I should have pardoned him. All that belonged to 
him was sold, and nothing was left of my inheritance except 
eight thousand gulden (not quite seven hundred pounds). 
His little daughter was placed in the orphan asylum. I pitied 
her much. 'That poor child has much more need of help than 
I,' thought I ; 'fori am old, and can earn my bread.' I 
placed my eight thousand gulden in safe hands for her use, 
desiring that the interest should be appropriated to her edu- 
cation, and that it should all be given to her whenever she 
should marry. I was determined that she should not remain 
in the asylum if I could prevent it. 

"Now came the question — What shall I do myself? The 
state did not require my services. I had wished for advance- 
ment and employment — not so much to gain money, as to 
have a sphere of action. I wished to be useful; so much so, 
that I would have taken a place without salary, if people would 
have allowed me to live and dress after my own fashion. But 
I had been laughed at for this; so I shook the dust from my 
feet, and my native country, hoping to be better appreciated 
elsewhere. I had property enough with me to be able to live a 
year in idleness — namely, above forty louis-d'ors. When I 
was a boy, and went to school, I read in a book a treatise 
entitled "The Superfluities of Life." It was a very ingenious 





JUYE1<]"I]_,B INSTE/TJCTOB. 




exposition of St. Paul's words: "Having lood and raiment, let 
us therewith be content." This made an extraordinary im- 
press nil upon me. I had often wondered at the many super- 
fluities which mankind make necessary to themselves, and lor 
which they are content to become slaves. The fewer wants and 
wishes men have, the fewer vexations. He is the freest man 
who depends the least upon circumstances, conveniences, and 
customs. The treatise ended with these words: "Regard 
only what is substantial, and leave to fools the burdensome 
pleasure of attending to appearances." 

( To he Continued.) 



m 



VYlt§ 




BY J. r.. BARFOOT. 




THE DESERET MUSEUM. 

VITriTA the remains of an animal of immense size were found 
IT at Pjndtown near 1'ayson in 1870, but little care wa s 
taken in exhuming them; they were loaded into a wagon and 
brought up to this city. The Museum had just started and 
the proprietor, John W. Young, was visited and solicited to 
buy thd "big bones" as a curiosity. The museum manager 
recognized them as the fossil remains of an elephan'; they 
were purchased at a very high figure for specimens so much 
broken up and carelessly piled together. They should have 
been numbered as found and taken out with care; had this been 
done probably this city would have been in possession of a 
complete skeleton of the great American Elephant, described 
by Dr. Falconer a~ Elephas Americanus, 

These remains are indeed the bones of that animal, now ex- 
tinct on this continent. How suggestive is this fact! In former 
times the elephant lived in these valleys! We read about ele- 
phants and other larce vertebrates in the days of the Nephites 
as recorded in the Book of Mormon; in these fossil remains we 
have evidence of the existence in former times of these ani- 
mals, although these do not appear to be of a period so recent 
as the epoch alluded to. 

As a general thing fossils do not present an appearance so 
fresh and natural as these wonderful remains do; it is true no 
organic or very little organic matter remains in them. This 
has perished during the immensi periods that have elapsed 
since the destruction of this anirj 1. which doubtless perished 
in a bog or marsh, just the same ■ an animal might be mired 
and buried up to-day in some of . ,- marshes. 

BesMo, the elephant we bad i. horse in these valleys, and 
in even more r 'cent times a large quadruped, a species of 
tapir. The entire extinction of thee animals is very remark- 
able, for without doubt they formerly existed over this entire 
continent. When tin- remains of these and other animals 

mentioni d in the Book of Mormon shall 1 shumed Irom the 

ancient cities buried up in the days of the Nephites, when side 
I j side human remain- shall be found with those of the dornes- 

i animals that peri hed ;i- described in that book, science will 
1 c no I, nger doubtful of the existence of the elephant even in 
Hi i comparatively, r<ceat time-. Fossils are frequently so 
much life tin- rock in which they aye found that it is no won- 
der the ion hut- ami many moderns have considered them 
"lusus natnrie" or freaks of nature. To arrive at correct con- 
clusions in relation to fossils the reasoning of Huxley is very 

mple ami conclusive: "We know thatfossils are the remains 



of animals and plants by precisely the same common-sense 
reasoning as that which led Robinson Crusoe, seeing the im- 
pression of a human foot on the sand, to conclude that a man 
had been there. The foot mark might probably have been an 
accident, a 'lusus naturse,' but pending 'the proof that it was 
so the precautions of the mariner excluded the soundness of 
his judgment." In the same way we may reason that an or- 
ganic structure has existed when the impressisn of that organ- 
ism has stamped itself distinctly on the sands in which it was 
imbedded. 

Now in this Territory we have many rocks in which animals 
and vegetables have been imbedded; very often they are well- 
defined, that is, the structure is sufficiently perfect to enable 
one to determine the form of the organism when buried up. 
Fossils of this class arc valuable in the interests of science, 
and if all the young readers of the Juvenile will take care of 
them by and by they will be informed more fully respecting 
these memorials of the past, as a collector will be appointed to 
visit the settlements in the interest of the Deseret Museum. 
( To he Continued '.) 



^fVHSr OLID STORY. 



In the tribe of Neggedeh. there was a horse whose fame spread 
far ami near, and a Bedouin of another tribe, Daher by 
name, desired extremely to possess it. Having offered in vain 
lor it his camels and his whole wealth, he hit at length upon 
the following device, by which he hoped to gain the object of 
his desire. He resolved to stain his face with the juice of an 
herb, to clothe himself in rags, to tie his legs and neck together 
so as to appear like a lame beggar. Thus equipped, he went 
to wait for Naber, the owner of the horse, who he knew was 
to pass that way. When he saw Naber approaching on his 
beautiful steed, he cried out in a weak voice: 

"I am a poor stranger; for three days I have been unable to 
move from ibis spot to seek for food. I am dying; help me, 
and heaven will reward you." 

The Bedouin kindly offered to take him upon his horse and 
carry him home, but the rogue replied: 

"I cannot ris3; I have no strength left." 

Naber, touched with pity, dismounted, led his horse to the 
spot, and with great difficulty set the seeming beggar upon its 
back, but no sooner did Daher feel himself in the saddle than 
he set spurs to the horse and galloped off, calling out as he 
did so: 

"It is I, Daher; I have got the horse, and I am off with 
inn. 

Naber called after him to stop and listen. Certain of not 
being pursued, he turned and halted at a short distance from 
Naber, who was armed with a spear. 

"Since heaven has willed it, I wish you joy of it; but I do 
conjure you never to tell any one how you obtained it." 

"And why not?" asked Daher. 

"Because," said the noble Arab, "another might be really 
ill, and men would fear to help him. You would be the cause 
of many refusing to peform an act of charity, for fear of being 
duped as I have been." 

Struck with shame at these words, then springing from the 
horse, he returned it to its owner, embracing him. Naber 
made him acoempany him to his tent, where they spent a few 
days together and became fast friends for life. 



Two wrongs never make a right. 





CTTJ^TIEILTILIE] IITSTBTJOTOR. 



22 5 




THE AZR,T OIF IFZE^TItTTIItT Gk 



BY ROLLO. 



[Continued.) 




ITS PROGRESS. 

Having thus definitely settled the dispute as to the inven- 
tion of the "art preservative," let us turn our attention 
to the pi ogress of the same. 

It cannot be gainsayed that printing has made most wonder- 
fully rapid strides since its invention. A horn book of the 
seventeenth century, (that is, an oblong piece of horn with 
the Lord's Prayer engraved upon it,) presents a striking 
contrast with the finely printed and bound works of the 
present day. It is a curiosity, indeed, and resembles a eros 
between the handwriting of a drunken fiddler, and the receipt 
of the "Heathen Chinee" for a bundle of dirty linen. "And, 
says a writer in a printers' magazine, "we naturally enough 
like to look back and see the little beginnings from which such 
great ends have been obtained. It would Lie a curiosity indeed 
could we step into the first printing office, and inspect the ap- 
pliances of the even then wonder- working art, to compare them 
with our own time. The difference would lie so wide as to sur- 
pass belief; and even our respect for the masters of old could 
not keep back our smiles. Type, presses, everything would be 
as strange to us as ours would be to them, could they revisit 
the earth; and who can doubt that if Gutenberg, Fust nd 
Schaeffer were placed in one of these great modern printing 
offices, that they would raise their hands and voices in aston- 
ishment, and even fly in horror from the perfected reality of 
the very things they themselves had created — fly, believing (as 
they well might) that Satan indeed was at the bottom of the 
steam-lunged monsters. Truly they might breathe in trem- 
bling whispers as did the lightning's first recorded message, 
'What hath God wrought?' " 

The following is taken from "Ames' Typographical Ai Equi- 
ties," a very rare and valuable book, published in London in 
in 1629. The article is given verbatim to illustrate the vast 
change which has beeu made in our orthography, as we'd as 
for the subject matter. It is a curious law passed by the Scot- 
tish Parliament, and "speaks" for itself: — 

"In King James the Sext elleueuth parliament, 1'Jih July 
1585 

"Forasmeikle as siudrie persons brings furth of utheris 
realmes divers buikes and writtes contenting erroneous doc- 
trine, against the trew word of God, and religion professed, 
and be the lawes established in this realme; or conteiuing 
superstitious rites and ceremonies papisticall, quhairby the 
people ar greatly abused: for remeid quhairof, our soveraine 
lord, and the three estates of this present parliament, statutis 
and ordainis, that quhasoever ony persones, suspecte of haine- 
bringing of the said buikes, sail repaire, resort, and remaine 
within ony burgh, it sal be lauchfull to the provost and baillies 
of the same burgh, with ane minister, to search and seeke the 
said buikes, and being funde sik buikes, as ar before declared, 
to destroy them, and commit the hame-bringers to wairde, 
quhill they be punished in their persones and gudes, at our 
soveraine lordeis will. For the quhiik this present act sal be 
sufficient commission to the saids provost, baillies, and minis- 
ter; and their said searching, seeking intromession, and des- 
truction of the said buikes, sal be repute ane lauchfull deede, 
for the quhiik they sal incurre na danger of spulzie, or intrusion 
or ony thing that may follow thereupon." 
( To be Continued .) 



THIS PIBST STEAMBOAT. 



FROM an exchange, we take the following respecting an in- 
vention which has accomplished much for the commerce 
of the world, aud contributed largely to the lightening of labor 
and the sum of human enjoyment. 

"At Sheperdstown, in Jefferson Co., W. Ya., the first 
steamboat was milt. Gen. Washington and Gov. Johnson, 
of Md., were the patrons of the enterprise. After the war 
they procured together the incorporation of the Potomac com- 
pany by their respective States. And in 1785 Rumsey dem- 
onstrated to them on the Potomac, the discovery that a boat 
could be propelled by steam up stream against the current. 
The boiler aud machinery for Rumsey's steamboat were made 
at the Catootin iron furnace, in Frederick Co., owned by Mr. 
Johnson and some of his brothers. The gentlemen of the 
Potomac country then used to go to the Baltimore Springs, to 
drink the waters, and this experiment of Rumsey's, of steam 
navigation, was certified to have beeu a success by Washington, 
Johnson aud other eminent men then present. The first 
steamboat v is propelled on the Potomac; the first boiler was 
made in Fiv erick county, twenty years before Fulton perfected 
the idea an I applied it on the Hudson." 

We believe that this statement is literally true. Years ago, 
we heard similar statements^ from old ^citizens of Jefferson, 
our native county, and saw a portion of the boiler of Rumsey's 
engine, then in possession of Hon. A. 11. Boteler. In Spark's 
edition of Washington's works, may lie seen a lettc r to Ruin- 
sev on the subject; while, under date of March 15th, 1TS5, 
Gen. Washington, writing to Hugh Williamson, M. C, and 
alluding to Rumsey's sk tml oat. says: 

"If a model of a thing, in miniature, is a just representation 
of a greater object in practice, there is no doubt of the utility of 
the invention. A view of his model, with the explanation 
removed the principal doubt I ever had of the practicability of 
propelling a"ainst a stream by the aid of mechanical power; 
but as he wanted to avail himself of my introducing it to the 
public attention, I chose, previously, to see the actual perform- 
ance of the model in a descending stream, before I missed my 
certificate; having done so, all my doubts are satisfied." 

This was many years before Fulton, the reputed discoverer 
of the principle of applying steam for the propulsion of boats, 
made his trial trip on the Hudson. 

The subsequent history of Rumsey is a sad one. Thoroughly 
satisfied with the merit of his invention, he went to England, 
aud after a long struggle with poverty and disappointment, 
succeeded finally in getting the ear of those who were able to 
furnish the means requisite to enable him t i make it success- 
ful, end through their persuasion, he was induced to give a 
public exposition at Liverpool, of the principles upon which 
he relied for success. The hour came, and one of the largest 
halls in Liverpool was filled with the learned and fashionable 
of that great seaport, to hear a man fi om the New World dis- 
cuss his .iovel theory. Aud now success seemed certain. 
Rumsey arose, with visible emotion. His agitation was ob- 
served, and a bystander handed him a glass of water. He 
returned thanks in a few incoherent sentences, and then sank 
in his chair, never to speak again. Two days afterwards, this 
pioneer in a service that has annihilated time and distance, 
and revolutionized the world, was dead! — Selected. 



Ambition is like a wild horse, which prances unceasingly 
until it has thrown off its rider. 





226 



J-TT^IElsriEI-.IE] IITSTRTJC TO IR,. 




PLUCK 



XjTJGIC. 




THERE are two classes of successful men in the world; lucky 
men and plucky men— lucky men who are successful by 
accident, plucky men who are successful by desigm If you 
belong to the former class, you are to be envied; if to the 
latter, you are to be honored and imitated. The old adage 
says, '""better be born lucky than rich," we will add a little 
and say, better be born plucky than either; for the lucky man 
may come into the world with a silver spoon in his mouth, 
but the plucky man will go out of it with a gold one in his. 
Fortune smiles on the lucl y, but bows to the plucky. The 
world is the friend of the lucky man. Luck sometimes deserts 
its devotees, but pluck is always on hand. Napoleon called 
himself "the child of destiny," or, to use less phraseology, a 
lucky man. Arthur, Puke of Wellington, was a plucky man. 
Waterloo was lost and won. Napoleon trusted to his master, 
luck, and was defeated; Wellington trusted to his servant, 
pluck, and was victorious. 

Great men have believed in success through luck; greater 
men have demonstrated success by pluck. Shakespeare says: 
"There i< a Divinity that shapes our ends, 
K mgh-hew them how we will;" 
which may all be very true; but in our humble opinion the 
workings of that divinity may be greatly influenced by genuine 
pluck. Circumstances make the lucky man, they are made by 
the plucky man. The lucky man waits for an opportunity, 
the plucky man makes one. Luck takes what he gets. 
Pluck gets what he will take. Luck "strikes while the iron is 
hot." Pluck "strikes until the iron is made hot." Luck 
waits. Pluck works; Luck is promise, Pluck pay; Luck is 
privilege, Pluck power. But their greatest dissimilarity is, 
Luck is dependent, Pluck independent. Luck is a swimmer 
buoyed up by a bag of corks; take away his bony and down he 
goes; Pluck is a 1 ag of corks himself; you may sink him but 
you can't keen him down. Luck plays with his partner 
Fortune; Pluck "goes it alone." 

Long ago Luck and Pluck wanted to cross the ocean; Luck 
waited for the wind to lil! the sails and waft him over, Piuck 
harnessed fire and water, ami whistle. I at the wind. Luck and 
Pluck go to ( ollcge; Luck slides through cleverly, Pluck walks 
through creditably. Luck and Pluck would be wealthy; Luck 
waits for another's fortune. Pluck makes one of his own. 
Luck and Pluck, like "Jack and Jill" of nursery fame, go 
"up the hill." and like their illustrious predecessors, "come 
tumbling down." Luck lies quietly waiting for another 
accident to tumble him up again, while Pluck starts on the 
instant and is Mire to be first at the toil. Luck and Pluck fall 
in love; Luck waits for others to talk for him. Pluck goes and 
talks for himself. Luck waits for fate to send her to him. 
while Pluck walks off with the prize. A lucky man may get 
along in the world, a plucky man will got along. Luck may 
make heroes Piuck will make great men. So we say to the 
genius "in turn down collars," who bemoans the world' s short- 
sightedness and his own ill-luck: turn upjyour collar, young 
man, and if necessary turn up your sleeves too; go to work, 
make the world see, show that if you are not lucky, you are 
plucky; and if you be gifted, your genius, like a diamond in a 
coal mine, will show all the brighter through the gloom of its 
surroundings. Be plucky, let this be your motto, ami though 
it may not be so eloquent and scholarly as, "nil desperanduni" 
or "excelsior." it has at least the advantage of being plain 
English, and one way of being plucky is speaking plain 
English. 



Be plueky. Benjamin Disraeli, the son of an outlawed 
race, had not even the advantages of a liberal education. Of 
his first effort in Parliament is said "so great an effort would 
have killed an ordinary man," but he told his audience, 
greeting him with hisses, that the day would come when they 
would be glad to hear him. The day has come, and many of 
them are glad not only to hear, but to obey also. 

Bead the life of Bulwer; his first novel, his first drama, his 
first poems, his first speeches were all failures; but he is 
famous to-day, thanks to pluck. As an example of pluck 
merging on sublimity, read the words of William Lloyd Garri- 
son in the first issue of "The Liberator:" "I am in 'earnest, 
I will not equivocate, I will not excuse, I will not retreat a 
single inch, and I will be heard," and that he has been heard, 
let the voices of the liberated answer. 

Be plucky; remember that not to the wealth of nations, not 
to the strength of armies, but to the Pilgrim's fearless pluck 
we owe to-day the land we love, the liberty we prize; and 
when you are looking for examples of pluck do not forget that 
those who have borne all kinds of perse jution rather than 
relinquish their religion, are among the most plucky. 

Be plucky; wealth and titles are oftener inherited than won; 
originality, genius and luck are the gift of nature and cannot 
be had for the seeking; but, young man, you have that within 
your reach which is more powerful than either, and master of 
them all — pluck. — Sekc/cd. 



■«^> » i -*g^-—-»^>— 



COnSTATElR,SA.TI01Sr. 



A 



MON'G home amusements the best is the good old habitof 
conversation, the talking over the^events of the day, in 
bliffht and quick play of wit and fancy, the story which brings 
the laugh, and the speaking the good and kind and true things 
which all have in their hearts. It is not so much by dwelling 
upon what members of the family have in common, as bring- 
ing each to the other something interesting and amusing, that 
home life is to be made cheerful and joyous. Each one must 
do his part to make conversation genial and happy. We are 
too ready to converse with newspapers and books, to seek some 
companion at filestore, hotel, or pleasure resort, and to forget 
that home is anything more than a place to sleep and eat in. 
The revival of conversation, the entertainment of one another, 
as a roomful of people will entertain themselves, is one secret 
of a happy home. Wherever it is wanting, disease has struck 
into the root of the tree ; there is a want which is felt with 
increasing force as time goes on. Conversation, in many cases, 
isjust what prevents many people from relapsing into utter 
selfishness at their firesides. This conversation should not only 
occupy husband and wife and other older members of the 
family, but extend itself to the children. Parents should ^e 
careful to talk with them, to enter into their life, to'share their 
trifles, to assist in their studies, to meet them in, the thoughts 
and feelings of their childhood. It is a great step in educa- 
tion, when around the evening lamp are gathered the different 
members of a family, sharing their occupation with one another 
— the oldest assisting the younger, each one contributing to 
the entertainment of the other, and all feeling that the evening 
has passed only too rapidly away. This is the truest and best 
amusement. It is the healthy education of great and noble 
characters. There is the freedom, the breadth, the joyousuess 
of natural life. The time spent thus by parents, in the higher 
entertainment of their children, bears a harvest of eternal 
blessings, and these long evenings furnish just the time 





CT TT"V" IE] IL\T I X_. IE I2TSTBTJCTOE 



227 




tsesttottgi and %nnwtt§ 

02ST THE BIBLE. 



FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON XCV. 

Q. — What did Jonathan say to his armorbearer before starting 
to^the garrison? 

A. — "Come, and let us go over unto the garrison of these un- 
eircumcised: it may be that the Lord will work for us: for there is 
no iestraint to the Lord to save by many or by few." 

Q. — "What was the armorbearer' s reply? 

A. — "Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with 
thee according to thy heart." 

O. — What then did Jonathan say? 

A. — "Behold, we ; will pass over unto these men, and we will 
discover ourselves unto them." 

Q. — What did Jonathan say they should do if the Philistines 
told them to tarry till they came? 

A. — "Then we will stand still in our place." 

Q. — What did Jonathan say should be done if the Philistines 
told them to come up unto them? 

A. — "Then we will go up: for the Lord hath delivered them 
into our hand; and this shall be a sign unto us." 

Q. — What did Jonathan say to his armorbearer when the Phil- 
istines told them to come up? 

A. — "Come up after me: for the Lord hath delivered them into 
the hand of Israel." 

Q. — How many of the Philistines were killed in the first 
slaughter? 

A. — About twenty, 
p? q — "What was the immediate result of this slaughter? 

A. — "There was trembling in the host, in the field, and among 
all the people: the garrison and the spoilers, they also trembled, 
and the earth quaked: so it was a very great trembling." 

Q. — What [else did the watchmen of Saul behold as they 
looked on? 

A.— "The multitude' melted away, and they went on beating 
down one another." 

Q. — When Saul and his people came to the battle, what did 
they behold? 

A. — "Every mans sword was against his fellow, and there was 
a very great discomfiture." 

Q. — Who then joined their forces with Saul and Jonathan?" 

A. — The Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that 
time. 

Q.— Who besides? 

A.— "Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid themselves 
in Mount Ephraim." 

Q.—What is saidjtohave been the result of those things' 

A. — "So the Lord saved Israel that day." 

Q. — How did Saul adjure the people? 
[■■ A.— "Cursed be the man that eateth any food until evening, 
that I may be avenged on mine enemies." 

Q.— What effect did this have? 

A.— The men of Israel were distressed that day. 

Q. — What made them distressed? 

A. — They were faint for want of food. 

Q. When they came into the wood who partook of some honey 

that was dropping? 

A. — Jonathan. 

Q._Why did he take the honey, when the rest of the people 
refrained? 

A.— Because he had not heard his father's charge. 

Q.— What did Jonathan say when the people told him? 

A.— That his father hath troubled the land, and the slaughter 
would have been much greater, if he had not issued such a com- 
mand. 



tsfions anil JLnaujers 

OUST TBIE 

book: ob nvnoBnvnonsr. 



KEIGNOFTHE JUDGES, 



intain it or die. 
: ite? allow to live? 
i (I all others, 
city of Judea had received 

<■ the city, but to preserve 



lesson xcv. 

Q. — What cities did the Lamanites hold when Helaman and 
his troops arrived in the land? 

A. — Manti, Zeezrom, Cumeni and Attiparah. 

Q.— How did the army of Anti) u- feel in regard to the city of 
Judea? 

A. — They were determined to j 

Q. — What prisoners did the L: 1 

A. — Only chief captains; 

Q. — When Ammoron sa\* ji: 
reinforcements what did he comn. 

A. — He ordered his men not to a 
those cities they already had takeii 

Q. — In the beginning of the twei y- -eventh year of the reign 
of the Judges what was the condition of the city of Judea? 

A. — It was well fortified and prepared for defense. 

Q. — Did the Lamanites feel inclined to attack the city? 

A. — No; they kept close in their cities. 

Q. — How was the army of Antipu- further strengthened? 

A.— By the arrival of two thousand troops from Zarahemla, 
and provisions sent by the father i ', Helaman's young troops. 

Q. — How many men were there then to defend the city? 

A. — Ten thousand, and provisions enough for them all and 
their families. 

Q. — When the Lamanites saw these additions arriving what 
did they attempt? 

A. — They sallied out to try and stop them 

Q. — When Antipus saw that thev were becoming uneasy what 
did he do? 

A. — He decided on tryiner a strategem. 

Q. — To effect this, what did he order Helaman to do? 

A. — To inarch with his army of two thousand, as if carrying 
provisions to another city. 

Q. — Near what city did they pass? 

A. — Antiparah, where the Lamanites' strongest army was 
stationed. 

Q. — When Helaman and his army eai_e near the city what did 
the Lamanites do? 

A. — They marched out with their army. 

Q. — About this time what did Antipus do? 

A. — He marched out with a part of his army, leaving some to 
guard the city. 

Q. — What did Helaman do when he saw the Lamanites coming? 

A. — He fled toward the land of Zarahemla, they following. 

Q. — What did the Lamanites try to do before Antipus should 
overtake them? 

A. — They tried to"come up with Helaman's men and destroy 
them, so they would not be surrounded. 

Q. — When did Antipus overtake the Lamanites? 

A. — On the third day of the seventh month. 

Q. — Who was about to conquer in the battle. 

A. — The Lamanites; but Helaman and his troops arrived and 
thus surraunded their enemies. 

Q. — What was the final result of tne battle? 

A. — The Lamanites were compelled to surrender. 

Q. — What was done with them? 

A. — Thej- were sent to Zarahemla. 

Q.— What did Helaman fear in regard to his troops? 

A. — He feared that many of them had been killed. 

Q. — Were his fears realized? 

A. — No; not one was missing. 

Q. — What became of Antipus? 

A. — lie was slain in the battio. 




s)?'~ 



228 



CT IT ^T IS IN" Z L IE INSTBTJCTOE. 







J" O EC IsT 3ST "3T S L O "W 



BY HUGH KNOUQH. 



Don' t be idle! Up and doing, 
Hands were made to work, you know. 
Don't sit down there idly viewing 
Others work. For shame, John. Slow! 

Don't you know, John, God lias given 
You good gifts that you should use? 
Don't be idle then or driven; 
You can work well if you choose. 

That's a poor excuse to utter, 
To say you "can't" for shame! oh He! 
I would stop your bread and butter, 
If at once you did not try. 

Hands were made for honest labor; 
From your brow the sweat let flow 
Try then to excel your neighbor; 
Don't be "muleish," Johnny Slow. 



ZDZE^TLIDSTO- WITH J± THIEF. 



rp 



merchant of Portsmouth in former times: 

A man had purchased some wool of him, which he had 
weighed and paid for, and Mr. Sheafe had gone to the back 
rofm to get change for a note. Happening to turn his head 
while there, he saw in a glass which hung so as to reflect the 
shop, a stout arm reach up and take from a shelf a heavy 
cheese. Instead of appearing suddenly and confronting the 
man for his theft, as another would have done, thereby losing 
lis chance, he returned as if nothing had happened, and then, 
■under the pretense of lifting the bag to lay it on the horse for 
him, took hold of it and exclaimed: 

"Why bless me, I must have reckoned the weight wrong. " 

"Oh, no," said the other, "you may be sure you have not, 
for I counted with you. " 

"Well, well, we won't dispute the matter, it's so easily 
tried," said Mr. Sheafe, putting the bag on the scales again. 
"There," said he, "I told you so; I knew I was right — how- 
ever, if you don't want the whole, you needn't have it; I'll 
take j»art of it out if you say so." 

"No," said the other, staying the hand of Mr. S. upon the 
■way to the bag, "I guess I will take the whole." 

And this he did, paying for his dishonesty by receiving the 
siiui milk cheese for the price of the wool. 

On another occasion, Mr. Sheafe missed a barrel of pork. 
A few months after, a man one day asked him the question — 
"Did you ever find out who took your pork, Mr. Sheafe?" 

"Yes," said he, "you are the fellow! for none but myself 
and the thief knew of the loss." 

The iellow was detected by the shrewd dealer who possessed 
the valuable faculty of knowing when to keep silent. 




You should always remember that it takes at least four 
things to constitute a real gentleman. You must a gentleman 
in your principles, a gentleman in your tastes, a gentleman in 
our manners and a gentleman in your person. 



S TJ 3ST 3D .A. Y LESSONS, 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XVIII. 



Q. — Did Martin Harris tell Mr. Anthon that an angel of God 
revealed the plates to Joseph Smith/ 

A. — Yes. 

Q.— What did Mr. Anthon do then? 

A. — He took the certificate and tore it up. 

Q.— "Why did he do that? 

A. — Because he said that angels did not come to men now-a- 
days. 

Q.— What did be then say to Mr. Harris? 

A.— He told him to bring the plates to him and he would 
translate them. 

Q. — What answer did Martin Harris give him? 

A. — He said he was forbidden to do that. 

O. — What else did Mr. Harris tell him? 

A. — He told him that part of the plates were sealed. 

Q.— What reply did Mr. Anthon make' 

A. — He said "I cannot read a sealed book." 

Q. — What did Martin Harris then do with the characters and 
translation? 

A. — He took them to Dr. Mitchell. 

Q. — What did Doctor Mitchell say about them? 

A. — He said they were true characters and the translation was 
c irrect. 

Q. — Who was Doctor Mitchell? 

A. — A learned man who understood ancient languages. 

Q. — Was his decision the same as Professor Anthon's? 

A.— Exactly. 

Q. — Was this circumstance foretold by any of the prophets? 

A.— Yes; by Isaiah. 



BJNTIGMA 



I The following i< an Enigma, said to have been written by 
Mr. Canning, which for a time baffled the skill of all England 
to solve. The answer and the names of those who send cor- 
rect solutions will be published in No. 21:] 

"There is a word of plural number, 
A foe to peace and human slumber; 
Not any word you chance to take 
By adding 's' you plural make; 
But if you add an 's' to this, 
How strange the metamorphosis; 
Plural is plural then no more, 
And sweet what bitter was before." 



Do not read books alone, hut men and all the creations of 
God you come in contact with, and especially yourself. Don't 
live in hope with your arms folded; fortune smiles on those 
who roll up their sleeves and manfully put their shoulders to 
the wheel. 

J"TJ^7-E31TIIjE IZtSTSTZR/TJ-QTOIR, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEOROE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

See, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile, Instructor." 




