
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1874. 



NO. 12. 



E1PAUISH IB IE Gh (3- .A. !R, S . 



Our last issue contained an engraving representing a tired-out 
little girl, who earned 



(Charles) are called Carlists. In the 




her scanty living by sing- 
ing in the streets of some 
of the great cities of the 
Unitad States or Great 
Britain. We felt pity for 
her misery, and sympathy 
for her distress; but here 
we have a picture of quite 
another description of 
street singers; and their 
misery neither excites our 
pity nor their beauty our 
admiration. They appear 
to be of the burly, self- 
assertive class, who can 
take care of themselves; 
that is, if the picture be 
in the least a correct one, 
though we rather fear in 
some of its parts it is more 
of a caricature than a 
truthful representation. 

Our readers will notice 
that the dress, the instru- 
ments and all the sur- 
roundings are different to 
the picture in our last. 
Our singers to-day, are 
Spanish, dwellers in that 
country of south-western 
Europe of which we have 
heard so much of late, 
from the fact that it is 
divided by civil war. In 
it, one party are fighting 
to maintain a republic, 
while their opponents de- 
sire to place a prince upon 
the throne, and thus es- 
tablish a monarchy. 
These latter, from the 
name of their prince 




THE LIBrArcY nSTTHE 
DESERET SUNDAY SCKGOL UNION BOARD 
5 NORTH MAIN STREET 



news that reaches us from 
Spain we may see many 
allusions to this party. 

Begging is a thriving 
business in most Roman 
Catholic countries. The 
beggars of Spain, Italy 
and Ireland are proverbial 
for their pertinacity, that 
is, they will not take 
"No!" for an answer. 
The beggar of Spain is 
rather a consequential 
creature, and will accept 
alms with so much digni- 
ty, that the giver is some- 
times made to feel that 
he, and not the one who 
receives of his charity, is 
the favored party. In 
fact, a Spanish beggar 
takes to his business as 
naturally as a Ute or Sho- 
shone, and carries it on 
with as much coolness 
and nonchalance. 

What is the cause of so 
much unblushingbeggary? 
It arises from the false 
teachings of the unin- 
spired priesthood, who 
rule the consciences of so 
many millions in those 
lands. The priests do not 
teach the people the dig- 
nity and worth of honest 
labor; they do not instruct; 
them that Cod requires 
every man to do some- 
thing to better and beau- 
tify this lovely world that 
He has created. They 
do nut inspire men with 
the love of being useful 



5ALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH 





134: 



-TTT^'IEILE IITSTRTJCTOB 




the} - do not teach theni to acquire knowledge from all good 
books, but they are content to have them live in ignorant 
superstition, if they will but attend mass and give a nominal 
adherence to the creeds of their church. 

How different, with us. The pure principles of the gospel 
teach us that all men should be co-workers with our Savior 
Jesus Christ in regenerating and saving the world, that we all 
have a mission, and that mission is to do good, at all times and 
in all places, to be profitable, not slothful, servants to our Lord 
and Master and to labor with all diligence for our temporal 
and eternal salvation. Add to this the truth that idleness is a 
sin and beggary is a shame, to all who are not utterly unable 
to do something to help themselves. 



ZFIIR/IE! FIRE! 




There are very few people who can keep cool in case they 
discover a fire, and this is the reason why more fires are not 
put out in their incipient stages, before any great damage is 
done. 

In case you are walking along the street and discover a chim- 
ney burning out, make up your mind that the whole house has 
got to go unless your own individual exertions prevent. There- 
fore jerk the gate off the hinges, kick the front door in on the 
astonished family, and yell "fire !" Your first yell needn't be 
louder than the common Indian war-whoop, but after the first 
you must exert yourself in grand efforts to beat any other man 
in that town who ever yelled over a burning chimney. The 
family may desire an explanation as the front door falls in and 
you bound over it and begin to throw the chairs around. There 
is no set answer to repeat, but most men manage to say: 

"Fire! — fire! — your house — get out — fire — hurry — blazes — 
fire— hang it — fire — fire ! ' ' 

They will generally accept the explanation without argument, 
and you can go ahead and rescue the contents of the house. 
Always commence on the parlor ornaments first. If you 
haven't time to save anything but a chromo, half of a marble- 
top stand, and the head of a piece of statuary, you don't know 
how far these things would go toward setting the burned-out 
family to house keeping again. The windows were made to 
throw things through. If you can fling all the ornaments, 
out, wrench the sofa to pieces, and break the legs off 
the chairs, you can consider you have saved everything in the 
parlor worth saving. If there is a stove in there tip it over as 
you rush to save the bedding and other furniture. Don't 
throw a bed from the chamber-window; nothing will break a 
j'.-:ith< -'icd all to pieces as quick as a fall. Take them on 
your hark ami carefully carry them from two to four blocks 
away and desposit them gently on a doorstep. 

But the case is different with crockery and looking-glasses 
you can heave thcni out on the sidewalk with perfect confidence 
that they wouldn't even get a flaw. Don't try to save a whole 
bedstead, hut wrench it to pieces, and throw three orfour slats 
out, and then grab the bureau. Bureaus are cumbersome arti- 
cles to handle, and it's best to divide them in halves with an 
ax. and throw down the portion- separately. 

I had forgotten to say that it is positively necessary to yell 
"fire!" twice per second, from the time you kick the door in 
till the tire is out. or the house is burned down. If you didn't 
do this, some of the family might forget that the house was on 
fire and make arrangements to go visiting, or put on dried 
apples to stew, or go to setting the table. 

An ordinarily cool person will clear a house of all worth 
ing in about fifteen minute8, especially if he has help. If 



the house goes for it, the family will not fail to remember that 
but for you, they might have been roasted alive; and if the 
flames are subdued, they'll pick up the looking-glass frames, 
drawer-knobs, pitcher-handles and chair-legs, and move back 
in with hearts full of gratitude that you, noble hero, through 
your coolness and self-possession, saved all that was worth 
saving. — Selec/ed. 



KITE-PLYI1TG I3ST CIKIItT.^. 



One of the greatest holidays in China is kite-day. This 
occurs on the ninth day of the ninth month, when the 
inhabitants of the cities go out upon the hills and spend the 
day in flying kites. Sometimes thirty to forty thousand people 
are assembled together on the hill, where they engage all day 
in this beautiful amusement. All classes engage in it, we 
believe, from the Emperor down to the actor. Taking their 
kites and going on the hills to fly them on this day is called 
"ascending on high." The kites are of all sizes and great 
variety of shapes and colors. Some are in the shape of spec- 
tacles, others represnt fish or eels, or a kraken ten to thirty feet 
long; others are like birds, lugs, butterflies or quadrapeds; 
some represent men sailing through the air; others are eight- 
sided, in imitation of the eight diagrams envented by one of 
the early Chinese emperors. To invent a kite is a sign of genius 
in a ruler or a statesman. On a fine day, when the air is full 
of these kites, gaudily colored, and in grotesque and beautiful 
forms, the effect is very pleasing. Some of them are adorned 
with the heads of dragons and timers. The spic'ator sees in 
the air what appears to be an immense bird, or a group of 
hawks; the Chinese show great skill in keeping half a dozen 
paper hawks going on one string; a very pretty appearance is 
made 1 y a number of small kites, so ar.-anged in the air as to 
resemble the several blocks in a game of domino g 

*> » «» 

POMPEII. 



One of the most interesting features of the excavations in 
this buried city is the discovery of many homely domestic 
articles of which we have counterparts. It is astonishing how 
many things in common use now were in use then. Here you 
will see almost every kitchen untensil, portable cooking-stoves, 
jelly-cake and butter-molds in the imitation of birds and 
flowers; pots, kettles, crocks, dishes, cups and saucers, spoons, 
knives and forks, dippers, skimmers, sauce-pans, frying-pans, 
lamps, lamp-stands, flesh-hooks, braziers for charcoal. In a 
word, pretty much every kitchen, dining-room or chamber 
article found in modem use entered into the economy of the 
daily life of Roman antiqity. All the articles of a lady's toilet, 
including jewelry of all kinds, gold and silver ornaments, corals 
and precious stones, were found in houses in Pompeii. Taken 
from the retail shops were steelyards, balanses, weights and 
measures. From a doctor's office was recovered a full set of 
surgical instruments, including "pullikins" for extracting teeth, 
and trepans for drilling holes in the skull. There is any 
number of shoemaker, tailor, carpenter, and blacksmith tools, 
and indeed, implements of almost every present mechanical 
occupation. Taken altogether, the collection of articles taken 
from the dead city is a surprising revelation to everyone, 
showing that the ancients invented and perfected ten thousand 
implements and articles of common life which we still use with 
little improvement thereon, and without giving them credit 
therefor. 





GTUVBUILE I1TSTRTJOTOR 




HIE THAT IS WITHOUT 
SIUST." 



WE know of no man whom the Lord has appointed to tempt 
his fellow men. That is the devil's w r ork, not ours, and he 
who aids the devil in his work may expect to share his con- 
demnation. 

This however was not the doctrine or practice of the scribes 
and Pharisees in the days when Jesus dwelt on the earth. 
They seemed to regard it as their especial mission to tempt 
the Savior to say or do anything by which they might accuse 
Hur, either of disregarding the law of Moses, or being disloyal 
to their Ron a 1 masters. In their ciur.c'ls they plotted and 
planned so cunningly that they often imagined they had set 
the trap so adroitly that there was no way in which He could 
escape their snare. But they as often discovered that the 
wisdom of God was far above all their craft and deceit, and 
that there were ways of making manifest their folly, that they 
had never dreamed of or considered. 





( hir engraving illustrates one of these occasions. It is 
n irrated by the Apostle John, in his gospel. It appears that 
early one morning Jesus went into the Temple in Jerusalem, 
and there the people followed him, and he sat down and 
taught them. By and by the scribes and Pharisees brought 
unto him a woman, whom they had found committing so grev- 
ious a sin, that acording to the law of the Lord given through 
Moses, her punishment would be death. The man, who sinned 
with her, they, after the way of the world, had permitted to go 
unrebuked. Then they placed the woman in the midst of the 
temple, before all the people whom Jesus was teaching, and 
said unto Him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in 
the very act, now Moses in the law commanded us that such 
should lie stoned: but what sayst thou? This they said, tempting 
him, that they might be able to accuse him. 

Hut Jesus stooped down, and with his finger Wrote on the 
ground, as though Tie heard them not. So when they contin- 
1 asking him, lie lifted up himself and Said unto them, "He 



that is without sin among you, let him cast a stone at her." 
And then He again stooped down and wrote on the ground. 

Now when the accusers of the woman heard these words, 
they were convicted by their own consciences, each one knowing 
that he was guilty of sin, even of this same sin of which he 
accused her. And one by one they went out, begining at the 
eldest even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the 
woman standing in the midst. 

When Jesus had lifted up himself and saw none but the 
woman He said unto her, Woman where are those thine accu- 
sers? hath no man condemned thee? She said, No man Lord. 
And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go and 
sin no more. 

As Jesus spake unto this poor sinful woman, so does His 
gospel cry unto all of us, "go and sin no more." This is the 
pith and essence of repentance. If we have done wrong let us 
do so no more. If we, as children, have disobeyed our parents, 
have broken the sabbath, have taken the name of God in vain, 
have abused any one or done aught ebe that is sinful, let us pi ay 
to the Lord to forgive us, and ask of Him for strength, that we 
may not commit the same evils again. Then He will hear us, 
grant our request and strengthen us to do His will. 

There is another lesson taught by our Savior in the words: 
"He that is without sin among you let him first cast a stone at 
her." It is, that those who are sinners should not be too ready 
to accuse others. These Pharisees came to Jesus confident 
they were about to entrap Him. They were full of self 
righteousness. "lam holier than thou," was the expresion 
each carried on his face, but what was the truth. Each one 
had sinned, each one had forfieted his life by the express 
conditions of that very law that they hypocritically pretended 
to live by, to uphold, and by which they judged others. But 
Jesus by these simple words made them accusers of themselves. 
Their sin was as manifest as that of the woman, and one by 
one they slunk in shame from His presence and from the 
confines of the holy temple which they desecrated. 

Again, there is one thing that must be remembered. It 
is this, that though Jesus did not condemn this woman, 
still we, from that fact, have no liberty given unto us to sin. 
The law of God is righteous, and Jesus, if it had so pleased 
Him, could have assented to their statement that the woman 
was worthy of death. But He chose rather to make manifest 
the still greater wickedness of those who tempted Him, and 
sought thereby to accuse Him and accomplish His destruc- 
tion 



a- ie ir, im: .a. zrsr proyehbs. 



Hand.somk apples are sometimes sour. 
Little and often make a heap in time. 
Would you be strong, conquer yourself. 
It is easier to blame than do better. 

Everybody knows good counsel except him that hath need 
of it. 

Better go supperless to bed than run in debt. 
There is no good in preaching to the hungry 
The sun-dial counts only the bright hours. 
God's mill goes slowly, but it grinds well. 
More are drowned in the bowl than in the sea. 
The fewer the words the better the prayer. 
Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be. 
Our neighbor's children are always the worst. 
What comes from the heart gnus to the heart. 





136 



J TJ "V El 1ST I Hi IE HTSTRUCTOB. 




|50g'$ Ipmmtie ground \\\t tyotUl 



by a. m. o. 



A TYPHOON— ARRIVAL AT SHANGHAI. 




Nothing of interest transpired on our voyage until we were 
in the vicinity of Anson's Archipelago, when our barom- 
eter indicated by its rapid falling a sudden change in the 
weather. These latitudes are notorious for fearful hurricanes, 
called "typhoons," by seamen. Sail was taken in, and every 
precaution taken to make the ship as storm-proof as possible. 

The gale seemed to break upon us with all its fury, keeling 
the vessel almost on her beam ends. The sea, rolling like 
towering mountains, dashed against the ship with such tre- 
mendous force that it seemed impossible for the timbers to 
hold together, and the spray, driven to leeward, made it appear 
as if we were sailing through a cloud ot vapor. The tall masts 
bent like whip-stocks, and the backstays were as rigid and 
taut as bars of iron. It was impossible for a man to stand on 
the forecastle, and the officers could only make their orders 
understood by shouting close to the ear of a sailor, and so 
passing the command from man to man. The ship being built 
very sharp at her bows, the heavy pressure of the wind made 
her plow into the seas instead of gliding over them. The men 
secured themselves with the running rigging to the bulwarks 
and stancheons, to prevent being washed overboard. Some- 
times when the vessel was immersed I thought it impossible 
for her to recover herself, but she would rise out of her sea 
ta'h. shaking the tons of water from her deck, as though she 
possessed life and thought, or like some great monster sporting 
in the storm. The gale lasted seven hours, during which time 
we thought every plunge would be her last. We all felt greatly 
relieved when the wind and sea settled again into their usual 
quietude. The mate told me it was only the "tail end of a 
typhoon/' as sailors call it; that is, the wind had spent the 
major part of its fury before the squall struck uj-. He was an 
old and experienced seaman, and was doubtless conect; but I 
never wish to encounter another gale so furious and powerful. 
Three days; after the typhoon we sighted Guadalupe, one of the 
Magellan group, and the next day the Bonin Islands loomed 
up on our lee. These islands are often visited by whalemen to 
recruit. Good sweet potatoes, green corn and water melons 
can be procured here, and large and delicious turtles abound in 
great numbers. During the afternoon of the same day we 
signalled a "blubber-hunter," to windward. We could not 
make out her name, as our captain was unacquainted with her 
signal, only that she was American and in luck, as the smoke 
from her try works indicated; besides her boats were towing a 
dead whale to the vessel. This is called the "Japan ground" 
by whalemen. They cruise around these islands and to the 
eastward from May to September, when they are compelled to 
leave for a more southern cruising ground, on account of the 
severity of the weather. 

The next land sighted was the Island of Kiusiu, belonging 
to the empire of Japan. Our outward voyage was now draw- 
ing to a close; and our close proximity to the celestial empire, 
indicated by the numerous junks and fishing boats that dotted 
the "Yellow Sea," the cables were "roused" up, and bent 
ready for anchoring, in case of necessity, and a man stationed 
in the chains with the "lead," sounding. This was kept up 
day and night for sixty hours, the men relieving one another 
ry two hours. I swung my arm almost out of its socket 



heaving the seven-pnund lead, and made myself hoarse singing 
"By the deep nine!" and "The mark eight!" and was heartily 
glad when the city of Woosung, at the mouth of the Yang-tse- 
kiang, appeared in sight. The shallow waters, and the yellow 
mud washed down the river, give the Yellow Sea its peculiar 
color: hence its name. The spray, the mists and fog are 
impregnated with this mud, and our ship's masts and hull 
were coated like a quaker, in a suit of drab. The shores are 
low and flat, rising apparently scarcely above the sea, looking 
like a long, dull, brown streak across the horizon. 

We took a pilot on board (an Englishman), and with a iair 
wind ran up the river for Shanghai, fifteen miles from 
Woosung. We passed, on our way, a fort or stone wall, 
intended as a work of defense, extending over a mile along the 
river bank. At regular intervals a cannon protruded its 
muzzle. These guns were walled solidly in the stone work, 
about two feet of the muzzle sticking out on the river side, 
and, as I afterwards observed, about one foot of the breech 
or butt crear on the inner side of the wall. Of course, to load 
them, it required the artillery men to go outside of the wall at 
every discharge, and they were so firmly walled in it was 
impossible to raise or depress them, or take any kind of aim. 
The river was deep, broad and winding, and covered with junks 
and "san-pans. " We passed the clipper Wi/cheraft aground 
on a sand bar a few miles below town. We anchored at sunset 
opposite the custom house, among a fleet of English and 
American ships; and before the sails were furled the deck was 
crowded with Chinese tailors, washermen, hucksters and trades- 
men of various kinds, all anxious to secure our patronage. 

When the decks were cleared and the ship made snug, our 
captain astonished us by stating that he did not intend to 
return to San Francisco. He would take in a cargo of tea for 
New York or London, and, if we wished to ship for either of 
those ports, we could do so; if not, we could take our "traps'' 
and go on shore. All hands felt very indignant at the rascality 

of Captain M , and resolved to go on shore and appeal to 

the American consul; for, although we knew it would be impos- 
sible for the representative of our government to compel the 
old man to take the ship back to California, it was in his 
power to force him to indemnify us for our disappointment by 
paying us the full amount of wages paid by other vessels when 
we sailed from San Francisco. Wages from that port when 
we shipped amounted to one hundred and sixty dollars for the 
run. On the condition of reshipping us and returning, we 
engaged for twenty dollars less, and forty of this was not to be 
paid until our arrival at Shanghai. Seeing how completely we 
had been taken in by our rascally captain, we left the ship that 
night, and the next morning presented ourselves before the 
consul, one Gardner by name. When we stated our grievances 
to the gentleman, he informed us that he would sustain Cap- 
tain M ; and, moreover, would not pay us the forty dollars 

belonging to us individually, or let Captain M pay usi 

unless we reshipped on the Kate Hayes or one of other vessels 
then in port. In fact, I found that the consul was as big a 
scamp as our captain. The English ships lying in the port 
had shipped their crews in London for the voyage to China 
and back; but most of the American captains had shipped 
their crews as we had been shipped, in other words, had "bam- 
boozled" them. Everything being cheap in China, and the 
men having plenty of money, they would not not reship. 
Jack would not reship as long as a "shot remained in his 
locker," so the captains and consul combined to force the men 
into shipping, and commenced it with our crew by retaining 
our money. I saw through their plan, and determined to be 





vTTJ^EITIXjE instbuctob 




137 



as smart as they were if possible. I told the consul I would 
reship, but not on the Kate Hayes. He said if I would do so 
I could have my money, and could make choice of any vessel 
wanting men. I at once signed the articles of the ship Tarhnto, 
bound for London. I received my forty dollars, and got leave 
from the captain, in consideration of my having just landed, 
to enjoy myself on shore until the next morning. Five of the 
boys followed my plan, shipping on the same vessel, while 
others reshipped on the Kate Hayes. When I shipped on the 
Tarlinto I had not the least idea of going in her. I signed 
the papers to get my money, determined to give them a, hunt 
when they wanted me. One reason for my preference for this 
vessel was that she was ready to sail, and only waiting to get 
three or four more men. 

In company with my shipmate, Reed, I returned to the 
boarding house, and explained my plans. In the evening we 
b mght some provisions and hired a san-pan and a Chinaman 
to go fishing down the river for two or three days. This was 
accomplished without exciting any suspicion, and long before 
daylight we were safely hid in a slough, among the rice fields, 
opposite Woosung. The second day of our excursion we had 
the pleasure of seeing the Tarlinto go to sea. When we 
returned to the boarding house I learned that three of the men 
who shipped on the London bound vessel had been captured 
and put in irons, but one of them had contrived to escape. 
They had a general hunt for Reed and myself, for a whole day 
and night, the consul and his confederates feeling rather 
chagrinned at being outwitted. The captain of the Tarlinto 
succeeded in getting three other men the day after we left and 
made sail for his port of destination, feeling, I hope, satisfied 
that in some cases two could play at the same game. 

The city of Shanghae proper is surrounded by a wall twenty- 
five feet high and two and a half miles in circumference. The 
population is something over one hundred thousand. It is the 
seat of an extensive trade, inland and seaward. It is astonish- 
ing how such an immense business can be carried on in the 
close, narrow streets, or so many warehouses, factories, shops, 
gardens, squares, temples, theatres and dwellings can be crowded 
into so small a plat as that encompassed by the wall. The 
buildings are small and contracted, however, and the temples 
are mere toy houses, containing an image elaborately gilt, 
called "Josh." Cedar and other scented woods are the prin- 
cipal building materials, and the houses are so covered with 
paint and ornamental work, together with many and various 
colored flags, that they have a gay and rather pleasant appear- 
ance in spite of their diminutive proportions. 

Outside of the city walls quite a town is springing up, 
principally inhabited by some two or three hundred Europeans! 
and a thousand or more natives. Surrounding the city a circle 
(imaginary) has been drawn; this is called the Concession, the 
radius being five miles, I believe. Inside of its limits you are 
safe, but if you go beyond, the government is not responsible 
for your treatment. Shanghae was one of the few ports 
opened for trade by compulsion. The English fleet made an 
easy capture of the city in 1843. 

( To be Continued. ) 




Making Resolutions. — Never form a resolution that is not a 
good one ; and, when once formed, never break it. If you 
form a resolution, and then break it, you set yourself a bad 
example, and you are very likely to follow it. A person may 
get the habit of breaking bis resolutions; this is as bad to the 
character and mind, as an incurable disease to the body. No 
person can become great, but by keeping his resolutions. 



Attentates of} painters. 



«n 



TITlAlsT VEGBLLIO, 



From Chambers' Miscellany. 



( Concluded. ) 

One of the most pleasant things that we have in Titian's 
life is the long and intimate friendship that existed between 
him and his royal patron, Charles V., the great emperor of 
Spain. From the time of the painter's first introduction to 
him at Bologna, Charles ever regarded him as a friend, and 
treated him as an equal. Not long after this first acquaintance, 
when the emperor had excited the jealousy of his courtiers by 
placing Vecellio at his right hand while riding, he made the 
well-known reply: "I have many nobles, but only one Titian." 

Another incident, which a modern artist has made the 
subject of a fine picture, is recorded equally to the praise of 
this noble king. Charles was in the habit of paying Titian 
frequent visits in his studio, watching him wl i'e he paintec 1 , 
and conversing with him. Once while thus occupied the 
pencil fell from Titian's hand; the emperor took it up, and 
presented it to the wondering artist, saying: "It becomes 
Csesar to serve Titian." 

The abdication of Charles, and his retirement to a monastery, 
are matters of history. The loss of his royal friend did not 
injuriously affect the interests of the painter. Charles' son and 
successor, Philip II., though a stern and bigoted man, and 
far less devoted to art and literature than was the higher mind 
of his father, yet showed much kindness to Titian. For him 
Vecellio painted the celebrated "Sleeping Venus." So highly 
did Philip regard this picture, that when his palace on the 
Prado was burned to the ground, his first anxious question 
was if the Titian Venus had been saved. He was answered 
in the affirmative. "Then," said the king, "every other loss 
is trifling. ' ' 

Titian, now in the decline of life, at last left Madrid, and 
returned to his native Venice. Years seemed to abate nothing 
of his genius or execution, and one of his best pictures was 
painted at this time. It was a group of Ferdinand, king of 
the Romans, and his family. To paint it, Titian went to 
Innsbruck; but with the exception of this journey, during the 
remainder of his life the aged artist never left Venice. There 
he was honored by all; so much so, that the Venetian senate 
had, by a public decree, exempted him from paying taxes. 
He was respected by his brother-artists, and was the friend 
of Michael- Angelo. The Emperor Henry III. paid Titian a 
visit in his old age. This personal honor was received with 
pleasure by the painter. He showed his later works to the 
monarch, who admired one so much that he asked the price. 
Titian immediately presented it to Henry with the grace that 
one long used to courts well knew how to use. 

Thus Tiziano Vecellio lived to the age of nearly a hundred, 
practising his beloved art to the last, though his paintings at this 
advanced period of life, as might be expected, were inferior 
to those executed in the' vigor of his genius. Nevertheless, 
there was much that was noble even in the worst of the 
productions of Titian. He died of the plague in 1576, leaving 
behind him innumerable testimonials of his genius and dili- 
gence throughout a long life devoted to art. He was buried 
with public honors, such as were due to (lie memory of a man 
like Titian Vecellio. 




? 



m*- 




138 



0~ TJ "V IE I^T I L IE IUSTRUCTOB. 




$fc J 



rtiuuem 




GEORGE Q_. CANNON, EDITOR, 



SATURDAY, JUNE 6, 1874. 

EDrroBiAL tzkotto-ihits- 





BOOK was once written entitled "The 

Philosopher at the Breakfast Tahle. " 

Now we, for the moment, intend to 

assume that part, and visit each of our 

little readers as he or she sits down to the 

morning meal. Furthermore, we intend 

to be very inquisitive; we shall peep into 

the tea-potj uncover the dishes, open the 

mustard-pot, examine the pickles, and talk 

about what you have to eat and drink just as 

freely as though it were our own. This, we will 

admit, is rather bad manners, but our good 

intentions must be accepted as a reasonable 

excuse for our seeming rudeness. 

Come, let us see what there is on the snowy- 
white cloth, that c overs the table. A generous repast, 
we doubt not. Ah! Tea and coffee — for the ladies, 
porridge — for the boys, ham, bread, butter, vegeta- 
bles, sugar, milk, pepper, salt, mustard, pickles, pre- 
serves and several other nice things. No one could say "No!" 
to such an invitation, were he not a hard-hearted stoic like 
ourself, who wants to know where all these things come from 
before he partakes. So, as time is short, and the folks are 
getii ig hungry, we will proceed to our self-imposed task with- 
out delay. 

Now then, first for the tea. Where does that come from? 
China or Japan. Bight; next to the coffee. That grows in 
Brazil; or. possibly, Arabia. So it does; but our porridge? 
Oh! that's made of oatmeal; and this kind that we have comes 
all the way from Scotland. Scotch oatmeal is so much the 
best, you know. Ah! indeed! And I see your mustard is 
marked "Durham;" possibly Durham is a town in Sanpete 
County. Nonsense! Durham is a town in England. Dear me! 
And I see your pickles are branded "London. Manufactured 
by Messrs. So and So, Purveyors to Her Majesty." Whose 
Majesty? The Queen of England. It's so nice to eat the same 
pickles as a queen. But the ham — home-raised, of course? Oh, 
no ! The wrapper that covered it, when it came from the 
store, was marked, "St. Louis."' Worse and worse! What 
of the sugar? Oh, that grew in the Southern States, and was 
refined at Baltimore, Chicago or some other eastern city. The 
pepper, then? That is a product of the East Indies; and 
travels three-quarters around the globe before it reaches 
us. Now, surely, we must be at the end of the foreign produc- 
tions on our table. Most certainly the bread, butter, milk, 
cheese, salt and preserves, must be home-made. Do not be 
too sure; for the cheese comes from the East, our preserves are 
brought from California, from whence also we sometimes 
import our butter, and even our corn meal had "Omaha" 
printed on the sack. 

But we have not done yet. Here we see the cups, saucers 
and plates are marked "Burslem," and Burslem is a town in 
the English Potteries. The knives are stamped "Sheffield," 
another English manufacturing centre. The glass ware is also 
ported; so is the cloth overspreading the table, and the table 



underneath, and the carpet on which the table stands. All, 
all are imported. Still more, it is possible that, were we to 
pull up the carpet, we should find that the floor of the room in 
which we dwell is made of lumber not grown in Utah. 

So it appears we procure what we eat from afar, what we 
drink from the ends of the earth. We bring all the world 
under tribute to supply us with one meal. Our ham, our sugar, 
our cheese, our furniture, etc. , come from the Eastern States; 
our mustard, our pickles, our plates, our cups and saucers, our 
knives and forks, from England; our oatmeal from Scotland, 
and other things from still greater distances. 

No wonder you tell me your brothers can get no work; and 
that father says times are "very hard. Nothing to do, and 
everything to buy. ' ' No wonder; for it appears that nothing 
is made in Utah that you use, except the salt, and we have even 
been told that salt has been imported into this Territor}'. 

What is the reason that we import everything, and produce 
so very nearly nothing. Cannot anybody do anything in Utah 
tiat is of any worth? One would think so, but that is not the 
true reason. The children of this generation have been wiser 
than the children of light, and they have crowded upon us 
their productions, until we have acquired a habit of using their 
goods; and habit is said to be second nature. While we have 
been doing this, our manufactures have been languishing and 
dying, for want of support; our workshops have been closed; 
our farmers have been selling their produce for half what it 
was worth; our workmen have found but little to do, and our 
boys could learn no trades. Thus we have been getting poorer 
and poorer, year by year. 

Any boy can understand that if he earns ten cents, and 
spends forty cents, he must be thirty cents in debt, and 
will remain so until he earns or acquires the balance of the 
money. But if the boy does but little work, and spends a good 
deal more than he earns, he will keep on getting further into 
debt, day by day. That is just what the people of Utah have 
been doing for some time past. 

But now a change, a most needed change, is introduced. 
President Young and the Priesthood call upon the people to 
stop 'importing foreign goods, and unite together to make what 
we must have; and that which we cannot make, and can do 
without, to do without, rather than to send for it to cities 
thousands of miles away. Then we shall make our own furni- 
ture, our carpets, our crockery, our cheese, our butter, etc.; 
put down our own pickles and raise our own mustard. This 
will cause Zion to flourish; this will help to unite the people; 
this will make business brisk, and find useful employment at 
honest trades for the boys. Here, then, have we other good 
and sufficient reasons for establishing the United Order of 
Zion in our midst. Its establishment means union, peace, 
prosperity and salvation. Our past course, if persisted in, 
means selfishness, disunion, ruination and ultimate condemna- 
tion by a just God, the words of whose prophet we have 
disregarded. 



Swearing. — Of all the crimes that ever disgraced society, 
that of swearing admits of the least palliation. No possible 
beuefit can be derived from it; and nothing but perverseness and 
depravity of human nature, would ever have suggested it; yet 
such is its prevalence, that by many, it is mistaken for a fash- 
ionable acquirement, and considered, by unreflecting persons, 
as indicative of energy and decision of character. In reality) 
swearing is a mark of alow, ignorant, vulgar and sinful training 
and disposition; and no person of decency would be guilty of 





-J TJ ^T IE ^T I LB IFSTBUCTOR 



1S9 




THIS T-A-IPIIR, 



The creature shown in our picture would appear to be some- 
thing between an elephant and a hog, for in general form 
it resembles the latter animal, while its snout is lengthened 
into a flexible proboscis that looks like the beginning of an 
elephant's trunk. This creature is called the tapir. 

Three species of the tapir are at present known; two of these 
are natives of South America while (he th'rd inhabits the 
island of Sumatra in the Indian ocean, and the adjoining pen- 
insula of Malacca in south-eastern Asia. Th; common Amer- 
ican tapir is the largest animal of South Amei'ci, and is found 
in all parts of that continent, though most abundant in Guiana, 
Brazil and Paraguay. The American tapir has been thus 
described by a well known naturalist: "It is of a deep brown 
color throughout, approaching to black; between three and 
four feet in hight and from five to six in length. The hair of 
the body is scanty, very short and closely depressed to the sur- 
face; scarcely 
distinguished at 
a short distance. 
The inmost re- 
cesses of deep 
forests are the 
chosen haunt? of 
this species, 
which is not 
gregarious and 
shuns the society 
of man. It is, for 
the most part, 
nocturnal in its 
habits, sleeping 
or remaining 
quiet during the 
day, and at night 
seeking its food, 
which in its nat- 
ural state, con- 
sists of shoots of 
trees, buds, wild 
fruits, etc." 

The Malay ta- 
pir in its general 
form resembles 
the American 
animal of this same name, and has a similar elongated snout. 
We can see how the animal uses this appendage by casting a 
glance at our picture. Its general appearance is heavy and 
massive; the skin is thick and firm and thinly covered with 
short hair. Its tail is very short, and almost without hair. It 
has no mane on its neck. Its general color is a glossy black, 
except the back, rump and sides of the belly, which are white. 
and separated by a defined line from the parts which are black. 
Altogether it is rather a clumsy-looking animal, of peaceful 
habits, but like its fellow, the hog, indiscriminately swallows 
everything that comes in is way, either filthy or clean. 



_A_ TRUE PIGTUHE. 





On, the snore, the beautiful snore, filling her chamber from 
ceiling to floor; over the coverlet, under the sheet, from her 
dimpled chin to her pretty feet; -now rising aloft like a bee 
in June; now sunk to the wail of a cracked bassoon; now fiute 
like subsiding, then rising again, is the beautiful snore ot 
Elizabeth Jane. 



As "a straw tells which way the wind blows,'' so does the 
merest circumstance or slightest act of an individual often 
show to an observing mind the tendency of his life. 

In passing dowu the main street of one of our southern cities 
one summer's afternoon, my attention was attracted by an old 
lady attempting to cross the water-sect, which was unusually 
full at the time. While she was hesitating and looking up and 
down in search of a crossing, a young man, driving an ox team, 
came opposite to he. Sce'ng the old lady's dilemma, he took 
a stick of timber from his load, and, throwing it- across the 
stream, assisted her very gallantly to cross his impromptu 
bridge, receiving many expres ions of thanks in leturn. The 
youth grew into an object of interest to me immediately, and I 
could not help noticing the signs of pleasure he evinced as he 
cheerfully returned the stick to the load, and started his team. 
How different the scene that next met my view! A group of 

four of fiveyoung 
men seated on 
the steps of a 
closed saloon, as 
was their wont 
when it was 
open. I heard 
the sound of ri- 
baldry, the end 
of a coarse, low 
anecdote, with a 
low, significant 
chuckle of 'aii]L li- 
ter, plainly ex- 
hibiting that it 
was an evil 
laugh; not the 
hearty, free out" 
burst of inno- 
cent mirth, but 
something secre- 
tive, and grating 
on the ear. 

It is s o m e 
years since the 
above circum- 
stance occurred. 
~- and those youths 
have developed into men. The opening page of my acquaint- 
ance with them was a true preface of their lives of to-day. 
The youth of the impromptu bridge now occupies positions of 
honor and trust. Not so with the group. One was shortly 
afterwards arrested for robbing the inoney drawer of a store, 
another placed under bonds for being accessory to a crime, and 
the others are known to be idlers and of not much force. 

We may learn, by the lesson this little incident teaches, to 
take advantage of every opportunity of doing good, and never 
indulge in evil association, conversation or thoughts, for, as the 
human mind is easily led from the path of virtue and right, 
we know not the influence that one good or evil act may have 
in shaping our lives and making up our characters. A. J. 



He who will peep into another's drawer, will likely be 
tempted to take something out of it; and he who steals a cent 
in his youth, will be very apt to steal a dollar when he she 
have grown to manhood. 




20^' 



140 



CTTJYEITILE IHSTBUCTOB. 




0tir JJjjiscttttk 



MODERIsT OOI1TS. 



BY BETH. 




Continued. 

IiVvglish coins, as found in cabinets, consist of coins of the 
1 period of the Heptarchy,* ecclesiastical coins and coins of 
the kings of England. There aie also "tokens" that are 
deemed of sufficient interest to find a place among collections 
of coins. 

The first money coined in Britain was copper, yet no regular 
copper coinage was found in England from the time of the 
Saxon conquest till that of Charles II., in 1672. Probably 
this was the reason of the large circulation of private tokens 
of copper. By tokens is meant coins representing farthings 
(half a cent), half-pence (one cent), and pennies (two cents in 
value). There are many of them very curious, and illustrative 
of historical facts. They also give an insight into the habits 
of the people of those times; the kind of residences they dwelt 
in, which they frequently represented; the various localities in 
which they lived; the names of public and private buildings, 
streets, lanes and 'alleys; and an abundance of other informa- 
tion interesting to the antiquarian. There were then, and are 
still, tokens, purporting to be of a higher value than those 
named; these are called counterfeit or "bosus" money. Such 
kind of money is in circulation in all large cities, where coin is 
the usual money. This kind of money need not be noticed now. 

There is one token of much interest in our museum. On 
the obverse is the bust of a daring-looking man, in armor; at 
the base of the figure is Lord Protector. On the reverse is 
Olivar Cromwell 1658. The coin has been plated with sil- 
ver, evidently after it was struck. This was not likely to be 
done by a regular collector of coins and medals, as it is prefer- 
able to have specimens in cabinets as they were struck, if 
possible: so we may conclude some admirer of the distinguished 
ruler had the silver put on to preserve the coin, which has been 
a halfpenny token, or cent in value. This shows that coins of 
Cromwell were struck during his protectorate; some persons 
are fooli>h enough to be very indignant when they see this 
token, which is an evidence of the past existence of the great 
man. If this feeling exists now, two hundred years after the 
death of Cromwell, what must have been the antipathy of the 
Royalists of those times? No wonder coins have been 
destroyed, and that this token is now looked upon with interest 
on account of its rarity! 

Tokens, in general, were rudely executed; but sometimes 
public buildings were represented on them; buildings, the 
existence of which is proved, and the architecture of which is 
known by these silent tokens. The castle of Norwich; the 
tower of London; the "Bible in Little Britain," that is, a 
house, the sign of which was the Bible (probably a book-sel- 
ler's), in a place known then, and now, as "Little Britain," in 
the city of London, were thus represented. As we have the 
"Eagle House," in Salt Lake City, a place of business, in 
former times they had "The Crown," "The White Horse," 
"The Raven." etc. In our times houses of business are num- 
bered, and sometimes designated by the names of firms, as 
the "Townsend House," "Walker House," etc. 

*Tuis word meant* the government of seven rulers, and is applied to 
that of England under the Saxons A. U. 455 to 8.7, when Egbert united the 
ole into one monarchy. 



Coins of the kings of England differ from tokens, as 
they show the authority to coin. A small coin struck in 
1635 has on it the name Carolys (Charles), and Rex 
(king); then the names of Ano. (England), Fra. (France), 
Sc. (Scotland), ET HlB. (and Ireland), the kingdom Charles 
then governed. One has a rose on the reverse; which shows 
it was for circulation in England. One has on it a thistle; this 
circulated, or was, perhaps, struck in Scotland. One with a 
harp on it was for Ireland. Queen Elizabeth, James the First, 
and other monarchs had base money struck, with the harp on 
it, so that if it would not be received by the people of England, 
it could be sent over to Ireland, one of the evidences of the 
oppression exercised towards that lovely but oppressed country. 

Coins made of Swedish copper (farthings and half-pennies) 
were struck in 1672. They are beautifully executed. Charles 
II. is represented in profile in the Roman style; on the reverse 
is the name and figure of Britannia; and in the exergue is 
1672. From this date the copper coinage of Great Britain 
became general. 

Ecclesiastical coins were such as were either struck by or for 
abbots, bishops and other church dignitaries. There are coins 
of the Archbishop of Canterbury as early as A. D. 800, and 
some of earlier bishops, dating back to the second century after 
Christ. 

The earliest copper coins of England, as before stated, were 
the styca (a quarter of a cent); this was coined in northern 
Ireland; it has a raven on it, a Danish ensign, which shows the 
Danes ruled in those early times, a fact which the young reader 
can satisfy himself of by perusing the history of England. 
{To he Continued.) 



the fox .iLHsrrjD thue fleas. 



A FABLE. 



A FOX was once grievously tormented with fleas, that grew, 
multiplied, and became so aggressive upon him, as to 
render his life almost unendurable. He became furious and 
enraged at the torture they inflicted upon hin ; he rolled him- 
self violently about upon the ground, he snapped and snarled 
at them with his teeth, he ran here and there through the bush 
es, seeking in vain to rid himself of his merciless tormentors, 
but the violence of his efforts onlv made his enemies more 
fierce and vexatious. At last, when nearly exhausted by his 
endeavors, he laid himself down upon the bank of a clear 
stream and began to ponder upon his desperate and unconifor 
table situation. 

His attention was soon attracted by a group of cattle that 
came down iuto the water from the bank upon the opposite 
side of the stream and, who, being greatly annoyed by swarms 
of flies, sought to evade them by submerging themselves in the 
water. 

"Surely, surely," said the fox to himself, "there are none 
under the sun that are free from persecution. We have but 
to look about us and we find that other creatures everywhere 
are as unfortunate as ourselves, and we have but to observe 
the manner in which they meet and overcome their misfor- 
tunes, to learn important and useful lessons that we can 
employ in the successful avoidance or mastery of our own 
troubles." 

Having [delivered himself of this remarkable reflection, the 
fox arose and proceeded to look about him; he gathered a 
small bunch of grass from the bank of the stream, and taking 
it in his mouth, he slowly walked backwards into the water, 





JUVEITILE IITSTBTJCTOR. 



141 




until his entire body was submerged and nothing was visible 
above the surface of the stream but the tip of his nose and the 
tuft of grass. The fleas meanwhile, seeking to keep above 
water, slowly crept along his body and began to take refuge 
upon the grass. When the fox had made sure that the last 
of his troublesome enemies were upon it, he suddenly opened 
his mouth and the bunch of grass floated down the stream 
freighted with his late oppressors. The wily animal returned 
to the bank, and creeping out of the water sunned himself, and 
went upon his way rejoicing. 

Nothing that lives under the sun is free from persecution. 
It is well for those who are wretched to think that the world is 
full of beings whose situations are more deplorable than their 
own. The wisest man may often learn lessons that are new to 
him from the instincts of the lower animals. Calm reason will 
do more to accomplish important purposes than all the force 
and violence one can command. — Selected, 




TIEIIE HEAD AND HEEL. 




Our picture is not one of the kind that we admire, because 
without explanation it is apt to mislead. No doubt, were 
we to ask our little readers who the engraving is intended to rep- 
resent, the greater part of them would readily reply that it is our 
Savior, tor the reason that it so much resembles other pictures 
of a similar class in which the Redeemer is represented holding 
a cross, and with a halo of glory around his head. And it 
is because of some getting it in their heads that Jesus appeared 
like this, dressed in this peculiar style and enveloped in this 
shining light, that we object to this style of picture. It 
teaches incorrect doctrine. We hold that it is as possible to 
teach by means of pictures, as. by letter press. In fact, a 
simple picture will convey to many children a better idea of 
an event than the most elaborate description in print. There- 
fore it is very easy to fill the minds of the young with false 
ideas by means of untruthful pictures. 

Pictures purporting to represent scenes described in the 



Bible are very common in many of our homes. Let us examine 
one or two of them: 

Here is a view of the "Wanderings of the Israelites in the 
Wilderness," which would better represent a camp of the 
Danes, in the days of Alfred the Great. 

Here is one of the "Destruction of the Cities of the Plain," 
which would be more truthful if it were entitled "The Great 
Earthquake at Lisbon. ' ' 

Here, again, we have prophets dressed like feudal barons, 
prophetesses arrayed like nuns, Pharaoh and Joshua in Roman 
armor, all of which is very ridiculous to those who know better. 
and very confusing to those who do not. 

Again, what have we here? Numbers of little heads with 
wings only, no bodies, mark you, flying around some saint 
of former days. These little things — all head and wings, we 
fancy, are called cherubs, but what we should like to know is: 
did anybody ever see such creatures? Does anybody, with any 
sense, expect to see such? Does any sane person expect to 
meet such beings in heaven? If not, what can be the use of 
making us familiar with such absurd ideas, or getting the 
notion into children's heads that these fanciful beings were 
present at the resurrection of the Savior, at the martyrdom of 
Stephen, the conversion of Paul, or any event mentioned in 
the New Testament? 

Now let us return to our picture. You will all recollect that 
when God created Adam and Eve, He placed them in the 
Garden of Eden, and gave them permission to eat of the fruit 
of every tree in the garden, excepting of that of the tree of 
knowledge of good and evil; also that after a time the serpent, 
inspired by Satan, beguiled the woman to disobey the Lord, 
and eat of the fruit, This she did, and gave to her husband 
also, and he partook. By and by the Lord accused Adam and 
Eve of hiving broken His commandment, which they acknow- 
ledged. Then death came into the world, and Adam and Eve 
were cast out of the garden and, by actual experience, became 
acquainted with good and evil, with sin and righteousness. 
To the serpent who had beguiled Eve the Lord said: "Because 
thou hast done this thou art cursed above all cattle, and above 
every beast of the field: upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust 
shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: and I will put enmity 
between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her 
seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt braise his heel." 

It is the word of the Lord, as contained in this passage, that 
the picture is intended to illustrate. The Savior, the seed of 
the woman, holding the cross, as the symbol of the means by 
which He turned the keys of the resurrection, and brought 
eternal life to man, is trampling on the serpent, which can do 
nothing but "bruise his heel. ' ' At the same time the uplifted 
hand and pointing finger of the Savior conveys to us the idea 
that He is teaching the glories of the gospe', and the salvation 
He worked out for all who would receive it, by suffering on the 



The sea mouse is one of the prettiest creatures that lives 
under the water. It sparkles like a diamond and is radiant 
with the colors of the rainbow, although it lives in the mud 
at the bottom of the ocean. It should not have been called a 
mouse, for it is larger than a big rat. It is covered with scales 
that move up and down as it breathes, and glitter like gold 
shining through a flocky down, from which fine silky bristles 
wave that constantly change from one brilliant tint into another, 
so that, as Cuvier, the great naturalist says, the plumage of 
the humming bird is not more beautiful. Sea mice are some- 
times thrown up on the beach by storms. 





14:2 



JUVElfTILE IITSTBTJCTOR. 





tssionHrji Sltctche^ 



.A. VOYAGE TO TEEB SOUTH 
PACIFIC! TSX_.A3sTX3S. 



BY AM ASA POTTER. 



{Concluded.) 




fPuE next morning we set sail from Otehita, our course being 
L south-west by south. In three days we sighted land, which 
proved to be Lamar, the next largest island of the group. The 
natives of this island are of the Kanaka race, and are wild and 
savage. They know but little about civilization, and their food 
is mostly fruit, which grows there in great abundance. This is 
the island that Brother James S. Brown saw so much trouble 
in, and came so near losing his life by burning. The natives of 
this island number many thousands, and they have a rich fertile 
country. We left this country and sailed south-west by west, 
in a pleasant sea, and the air seemed soft and balmy. The 
natives could be seen at times at a considerable distance from the 
shore in their small boats, going from one island to another. A 
few days' sail brought us to New Zealand. This is an island 
claimed by England, and is divided into three colonies, or, I 
might say, it consists of three distinct islands, for there is a 
narrow strait between each of them. There are three largo 
cities built on these islands by the European people. There 
are very rich gold mines on this island, and other minerals are 
also found. The natives of this country are a stout, robust race 
o: people, of copper color, and are quite numerous; and in 
their wild, savage state they are cannibals. While we were 
here the English government w r as at war with the natives. The 
natives came down on the English soldiers many thousand 
strong, one day, and they had a terrific battle. The soldiers 
beat them and followed them into the wilderness all day, and 
camped for the night. In the night the natives gathered and 
surrounded them, and a dreadful fight ensued, in which the 
natives overpowered the soldiers. The soldiers who were not 
killed were taken prisoners, and a large fire was immediately 
kindled in which to roast the dead that they might be eaten. 
A few soldiers made their escape and returned to give the alarm 
and early the next morning all of the marines in the harbor 
armed themselves and started, five hnndred strong, to relieve 
the ;ol Hers that had been taken prisoners by the natives. They 
arrived at the scene of batt'e at four o'clock that day. and found 
the remaining soldiers killed and the natives roasting the last 
fifty and dancing around the fire. The marines fired their arti'- 
lery and musketry among them, killing many of them on the 
spot, and the natives fled. The marines gave chase, and suc- 
ceeded in killing many more; but nothing remained of the 
cavalry to take back except their charred bones. These natives 
have no guns but fight with spears and war clubs, and are very 
brave and warlike. 

These people resemble the American Indians, but are much 
larger in stature, and they live on the natural products of the 
earth. We left this island and sailed west by south fourteen 
hundred miles, and came to the coa.~t of Australia. We landed 
at Sydney in New South Wales, having traveled nine thousand 
miles since leaving San Francisco in fifty-six traveling days. We 
here learned that the missionaries who sailed before we did had 
not been heard from, and fears were entertained that the ship 
they sailed on had been lost. Some weeks passed, when we 
ard of their arrival at Port Philip, in Victoria colony. They 



were nearly starved and almost naked and had been about four 
months at sea. They had called at an island and sold nearly 
all their clothing for fruit to subsist on. These brethren were 
poor in flesh and poor in spirits, and felt that the hand of God 
had been on them heavily. 

The island of Australia is the largest island in the world. It 
is three thousand miles in extent from north to south, and two 
thousand miles from east to west. It has a great variety of 
climate, and is settled by European people. It is divided into 
five colonies, and is claimed by the English government. Many 
portions of this island have a rich, fertile soil, and on these 
spots are produced coffee, tea, sugar, rice, tobacco and all kinds 
of tropical fruits. The central part of this is a great desert, 
and at times the winds blow from it so hot that the leaves are 
withered on the trees and birds are found dead by scores from 
the effects. These hot winds are sometimes fatal to both man 
and beast, when water cannot be procured, but with water 
life can be preserved. They are, however, not always so severe; 
in fact, they are not generally considered particularly dangerous. 
These peculiar storms generally last about twelve hours at a 
time, commencing in a warm breeze and increasing in force and 
heat up to the last hour. I traveled two years and two months on 
this island, and while on my last circuit to the interior, I found 
seven men by the side of the road, who had died from suffo- 
cation, by encountering a bo wind storm. 

The mineral wealth of this country will surpass that of any 
other country in the world, especially in the case of gold. 
There is a belt of this mineral running almost the entire length 
of the island, from north to south, and about eight miles wide. 

I have seen one piece of solid gold there weighing one hun- 
dred and twenty-seven pounds; and another nugget weighing 
six hundred pounds; and I have stood on the spot where it 
was taken out of the rock. 

I found the natives of this island unlike those of other 
islands I had seen. They are jet black, and most of them 
have long, straight hair and thin lips, and are large in stature 
and very warlike. They are cannibals, and, while I was travel- 
ing among them, I was shown six places where the Protestant 
missionaries were killed, roasted and eaten by the natives, and 
their bones were to be seen yet. These natives have a belief 
in two great power-; one is a good power, and one is the oppo- 
site. The good power they call Bullan, and the evil power is 
called Dasiata. They worship Dasiata, and keep on the good 
side of him, for they say if they do not he will destroy them; 
but Bullan is a great and good spirit, and will not hurt them; 
but he gives them victory over all their enemies and furnishes 
them with food when they are hungry. This race of people is 
supposed to number some millions; they do not cultivate the 
soil, but live on fruits and meat of different kinds, such as 
kangaroos, snakes and opossums. They cook their animals 
without dressing them on hot rocks, covered with hot rocks and 
then with earth, almost like a coal pit. 

There are twenty-one kinds of snakes on this island, and the 
most of them are poisonous. Some of them are very large — . 
from twenty-five to thirty feet in length — and will attack both 
man and beast, and many times destroy life. The natives make 
use of these snakes for food. They have a finely flavored meat 
much like fish. I was attacked several times by these reptiles, 
while traveling on this island, and had some narrow escapes 
from being destroyed by them. 



-*->- 



An anxious, restless temper, that runs to meeteare on-its 
way, and regrets lost opportunities, should not be indulged 





CTTJV^IsrzrLjE IITSTRT7CTOB 



143 




OUST THE BIBLE. 
HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 




LESSON LXV. 

Q. — What was the result of the conflict with Sihon, king of the 
Amorites? 

A.— The children of Israel slew him and his people and dwelt 
in their land. 

Q. — Who was the next that fought against Israel? 

A. — Og, the king of Basham. 

Q. — What success did the children of Israel have in this con- 
test? 

A. — "They smote him, and his sons, and all his people, until 
there was none left him alive, and they possessed his land." 

Q. — Who was afraid of the children of Israel when they heard 
what had heen done to the Amorites? 

A.— The Moahites. 

Q. — Who was their king? 

A.— Balak. 

Q. — To whom did he send messengers? 

A" — To Balaam. 

Q. — For what purpose did Balak send them? 

A. — To ask Balaam to curse the Israelites. 

Q. — What was Balaam's answer? 

A. — "Get you unto your own land; for the Lord refuseth to give 
me leave to go with you." 

Q. — What did Balak do when the messengers returned? 

A. — He sent again princes more honorable than the first. 

Q. — What was Balaam's answer to them? 

A. — "If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, 
I cannot go beyond the word of the Lord my God, to do less or 
more." 

Q. — What animal did Balaam ride when he afterwards went 
with the princes? 

A. — An ass. 

Q. — As he was traveling who stood in the way? 

A. — An angel of the Lord, 

Q. — What did the angel have in his hand? 

A.--.V. drawn sword. 

Q — What did Balaam do to the ass when it turned aside from 
the angel? 

A. — He smote it with his staff'. 

Q.— How often did he do this? 

A. — Three times. 

Q.— What did the Lord do to the ass? 

A. — He opened her mouth so that she spake unto Balaam. 

Q. — Did Balaam acknowledge his fault? 

A. — Yes when his eyes were opened to behold the angel. 

Q. — Did Balaam curse Israel before Balak and the Moabites? 

A. — No; he prophesied great good concerning Israel and blessed 
them. 

Q. — What did the Lord command Moses and Eleazer, the son 
of Aaron, to do? 

A. — To take the number of the people from twenty years and 
upwards. 

Q. — Where did this take place? 

A. — In t'le plains of Moab. 

Q. — How many remained of those who were numbered at 
Sinai? 

A. — Only Caleb and Joshua according to the word of the Lord. 

Q. — After this what did the Lord command Moses to do? 

A. — To get upon Mount Abarim and behold the land which II» 
had given unto the children of Israel. 

Q. — What did the Lord say should happen to Moses after this? 

A. — That he should be gathered unto his people, like unto 
Aaron. 

Q.— What did Moses then ask of the Lord? 

A. — To set a man over the congregation in his place. 



^ptfesii0ns anil %nawtvn 

OUST TBIE 
BOOK OB JS/L O B IMI O ILST . 

BEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXV. 

Q- — Were these wicked persons able to reach the door of the 
prison when they saw the power of God manifested? 

A. — No; fear overcame them and they fell to the earth. 

Q. — What next occurred? 

A. — The earth shook mightily and the prison walls fell. 

Q-— Who was killed by the tailing of these walls? 

A. — All except Alma and Amulek. 

Q- — What happened to them? 

A. — They walked out of the prison unharmed. 

Q. — What effect did this great noise have on the people of the 
city? 

A. — They came to find out the cause of it. 

Q.— What did they behold? 

A. — Alma and Amulek coming forth out of the falling prison 
unharmed. 

Q.— What did they do? 

A.— They were struck with fear and fled. 

Q- — What command did Alma a^id Amulek receive? 

A.— To depart out of that city. 

Q.— Did they obey this command' 

A. — Yes, they departed immediately. 

Q. — What land did they next come to? 

A.— The land of Sidom. 

Q. — Who did they meet theref 

A.— All the believers who had been cast out of the city of Am- 
monihah. 

Q.— Of what did Alma and Amulek tell them? 

A. — Of the fate of their wives and children. 

Q.— What else did they tell them? 

A. — Of their remarkable deliverance from prison. 

Q. — Where was Zeezrom at this time? 

A. — He was at Sidom sick with a fever. 

Q. — What caused this fever? 

a. — He was disturbed in his mind on account of his great wick- 
edness. 

Q. — How did he feel in relation to Alma and Amulek? 

A.— He thought they had been killed and that he had been the 
cause of their death. 

Q.— How so? 

A. — Because of the wicked course he had taken against them in 
Ammonihah. 

Q. — How did he feel when he learned that they were alive? 

A. — He began to take courage. 

Q.— What did he do? 

A. — He sent a message desiring them to come unto him imme- 
diately. 

Q. — Did they do as he desired? 

A. — Yes, they came to his sick bed. 

Q. — What request did he make of them? 

A. — That they would heal him. 

Q.— What did Alma ask him? 

A. — If he believed the power of Christ unto salvation. 

Q. — What did Zeezrom reply? 

A. — He said he believed all the words of Alma. 

Q.— What did Alma do.' 

A. — He cried unto the Lord asking that Zeezrom might be 
healed. 

Q. — Was this prayer answered? 

A. — Yes; Zeezrom leaped to his feet and began to walk. 

Q. — How was this regarded by the people? 

A. — It was a source of great astonishment to them. 

Q.— What did Alma next do? 

A. — He baptized Zeezrom. 





144 



JUTEWILB IUSTBTJCTOB 



MARBLED IP ^ IP IE IR, . 



T'.iis, much used by bookbinders, is produced in a very 
curious way. The name is not exactly suitable, seeing 
that few of the specimens are imitations of real marble; but it 
has gradually become applied to sheets of paper of which one 
surface is made to imitate any kind of stone or wood. Small 
brown spots on a light ground, marble veining on a shaded 
ground, curled patterns and wavy patterns, all are produced in 
grsat diversity. The colors are of the usual kind, such as 
Xaples yellow, yellow ocher, yellow lake, orpiment, verdigris, 
rose pink, red lead, carmine, terra di Sienna, Dutch pink, 
indigo, Prussian blue, verditer, umber, ivory black, etc.; they 
aregrounl up very fine with prepared wax and water and a 
few drops of aleoho'. A solution of gum is made of gum 
tragacanth. alum, gall, and water, and placed in a trough or 
shallow flat vessel ; color is thrown on the surface of this water, 
usually by striking a brush against a stick, :o as to produce a 
s'lower of sparkles. Pigments of different tints and different 
thicknesses or degrees of consistency are thrown on; some 
spread more than others, and thus a diversity of patterns is 
produced. Sometimes the color is thrown on by means of a 
pencil of very long bristles; it is diversified by means of a rod, 
held upright and carried amongst the colors in a wavy or spiral 
course ; and it is further cut up into tortuous lines by pasting a 
kind of comb along it. All this takes place on the surface of 
the gum solution in the vat. When the vat is prepared, a 
sheet of paper # is laid down flat on the solution, care being 
taken that every part of the surface shall be wetted ; the paper 
tikes up a layer of paint, fancifully disposed in a pattern or 
a device, and is hung up to dry. In order that one color inay 
not be blended or confused with another, they are ground up 
with different liquids, some watery, some gummy, some oily. 
The imitations of marble, gray and red granite, and fan?y 
woods, are certainly not very faithful ; but the paper is lively in 
appearance, aud remains clean and bright a long time when 
polished. This polishing is effected by moistening the colored 
s irface of the paper with a little soap, and nibbing it with a 
piece of smooth marble, an ivory knob, a glass ball, or an 
agate burnisher. Beautiful products have been produced 
within the last few years under the names of iridescent and 
opalescent paper. Like the commoner kinds, these receive 
colored devices on the surface ; but great delicacy and care are 
called fin- in the processes to produce the exquisite play of 
light and shade which suggests the names given to these 
varieties. — Selected, 



-••• — ►♦- 



SU1TDAY LESSONS 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 




LESSON Til. 

C.— Which one of the apostles turned traitor, and betrayed 
Christ? 

A.— Judas Iscariot. 

Q. — What did the disciples do after Jesus went to Heaven? 

A. — They went into an upper room in Jerusalem. 

Q. — What had Jesus commanded them to do there? 

A. — To wait until they were baptized with the Holy Ghost. 

Q. — And did they receive the Holy Ghost? 

A.— Ye*. 

Q— What is the Holy Ghost? 

A.— The Spirit of God. 

0- — What did they do after they received that Spirit. 

A. — They spoke in different languages, which they had not 
learned before. 




tlttXt 



jctr 



IKIEIEIP JL STIFF UPPBErLIP. 



There has some'hing gone wrong 

My brave boy it appears, 
For I see 3'our proud struggle 

To keep back the tears. 
That is right. When you cannot 

Give trouble the slip, 
Then bear it, still keeping 

"A stiff upper lip!" 

T lough you cannot escape 

Disappointment and care, 
The next best thing to do 

Is to learn how to bear. 
If when fur life's prizes 

You're running, you trip, 
Get up— start again, 

"Keep a stiff upper lip!" 

Let your hands and conscience 

Be honest and clean; 
Scorn to touch or to think of 

The thing that is mean. 
But hold on to the pure 

And the right with firm grip, 
And though hard be the task, 

"Keep a stiff upper lip!" 

Through childhood, through manhood, 

Through life to the end, 
Struggle bravely and stand 

By your colors, my friend. 
Only yield when you must, 

Never "give up the ship," 
But fight on to the last 

With "a stiff upper lip." 



The Answer to the Charade in Number 10 is Blaspheme. 
We have received correct solutions from Emily A. Crane, 
Kanosh; S. N. Lee, Brigham City; E. B Clark, Farming- 
ton; P. S. Maefarlame, Cedar City; Eli. J. Dodge, Toker- 
ville; Wm. M. Dairies, Hyde Park; Sarah E. Laker, Nancy H. 
Hunt, Mary E. Jacobs, Amy E. Laker, St. Charles; Jos. 
Barber, Coalville; Jane A. Cribble, Gunnison: Sarah C. Shep- 
herd, Ellen Muir, Ada E. Farnsworth, Beaver City; Chs. 
Lindholm, Jun., Tooele; Neils L. Neilsen, Sarah A. Skidmore, 
Big Cottonwood; Sarah May Coleman, Mary Coleman, Smith- 
field; Charlotte A. Bushman, Lehi; Gideon S. Wood, Spring- 
ville. Also from Edith A. Smith, Rebecca Smith, John 
Irvine, A. Wright, E. S. Ellsmore, J. H. Parry, M. A. Has- 
lam, J. W. Haslam, Cat'ierine K. Palmer, E. Brooks, G. B. 
Lang, D. H. Lambert, S. Christiansen and M. E. Letham, 
Salt Lake City. 

vJTJ"V"EnsriiLE insrsTRUCTOE/ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

jay*Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
''Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




