
VOL. XVI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1881. 



NO. 2. 



PRESIDENT 
TAYLOR used 
to tell a story about 
a painter who tried 
to paint a picture of 
a man and a horse, 
and, in order to make 
everybody under- 
stand, he -n-rote 
under the finished 
picture, "This is a 
man" and "this is a 
horse." Doubtless 
the picture was so 
poorly executed that 
he could hardly dis- 
tinguish between the 
two figures himself, 
and, therefore, 
sought to make 
others understand by 
this description what 
the picture should 
have done without it. 

When we look at 
this picture it tells 
its own story, and it 
is a sad one. 

In the early start 
in life when the 
father was first mar- 
ried, he was sober, 
industrious and care- 
ful. He managed 
to surround himself 
with the comforts 
and conveniences of 
home; but, like many 
others, he gave way 
to the habit of drink- 
ing until he lost 
his self-control, and 
when once the de- 



I30NT SELL THE CLOCK, PAPA. 







mon, drink, fastens 
itself upon a man or 
woman it is almost 
impossible to shake 
it ofi' and overcome 
the insatiate thirst. 

To gratify this un- 
natural desire some 
men will sacrifice 
wife, home, children 
and friends. 

Well may the poor 
children cry pit- 
eously, "Don't sell 
the clock, papa," 
when they see the 
father taking every- 
thing out of the 
house that he can 
.sell in order to get 
drink ! 

He will go on sell- 
ing one thing after 
another until the 
house is emptied of 
all saleable articles, 
and then, when no 
longer able to sell 
home comforts, he 
will sjiend the money 
he should pny for 
the rent, und ulti- 
mately the family 
will be turned out of 
doors. 

With the father a 
liopele.s.s druuk:ird, 
the mother broken- 
hearted, ragged iiiul 
miserable, the i)onr 
little ones will inob- 
ably grow up lo 
hnbils that will for- 






^l 



■^ 



14r 



J-TJlTEISriLE! in^STK^TJOTOK.. 









ever degrade them. The boys maj" perhaps be found idling 
in the streets, the xirls, shoeless and tVieudlass, ma.v become 
easy prey to wicked persons. 

Such is the ultimate result in thousands of cases of putting 
alcoholic drinks to the mouth. Great is the misery that is 
entailed when once a man has lost the power to say "No!" 
He has then surrendered his manhood and his honor. 

The writer has often thought when seeing an individual put 
foaiijing. tempting alcohol to the lijis and smilingly say, "Here's 
your good health," he should .say instead, "Here's your cer- 
tain death!" 

Where is the Latter-day Saint, having the holy priesthood, 
that dares to approach Almighty God under the influence of 
strong drink? Suppose a man should become inebriated and 
then be asked to administer in the ordinances of the Church 
of God. Could he do so? No. No person should therefore 
take that within his irouth which robs him of his sen.ses, or 
renders him incapable of acting the man at any time. 

Young men who think it looks manly to "take a little some- 
thing" should think of the blasted hopes and broken hearts 
that the habit of drinking has produced. 

A newspaper published in this city stated that 400,000 
gallons of beer were brewed in this County last year. At the 
rate of .jO cents per gallon, this would be worth $200,000, 
an amount suflicicnt to bring out huge streams of water for 
irrigating purposes, that would make thousands of happy 
homes on land thus reclaimed. 

No argument can be oftercd to prove that the investment of 
the same amount in drinking could produce good results. Oa 
the contrary, the habit of drinking dulls a man's faculties, 
dwarfs his usefulness, lessens his faith in God and in himself, 
shortens his life, destroys family joys, dethrones reason and 
makes God's noblest work lower than the beast. 

As well give a sharp razor to an innocent child for a toy as 
a>k a sober, virtuous, temperate j'oung man to "take a 
drink." In both cases you take fearful chances. 

Therefore, young and old, let it alone; and if you are tempted, 
ask God to help you to overcome, and no victory on the battle- 
field was ever so great as will be the conquest over vourself. 

C. R. S. 



A TRUE DIALOGUE, 

Wliiili fircitrrnl III lliiihhhnrii. Smioma Co., Cul.. in 18.07, 

brlireen Doctor Jioiiliiim, n .Vi f/ioilist Mliiixtrr. (inil a 

''Aloniion' ICIihr. 



BV II. (i. B. 



}^> 




I>n. B<iNII.\M. — I "nderstand that you are making some 
pra.-jlytes to your Church in this ountry. 

"MoKMfiN" Ki.i>i:i'>. — Yes, we have .«onie fifty or sixty 
members that have been added to the Church lately, on this 
fide of Sacramento River. 

Dk, R. — Nine-tenths of the religious portion of the com- 
Diuniiy in thi.i country look upon your [leoplc as beinir 
deceived, and your niiuistors a.s deceivers, and your docirine.s 
as being fal-e and pernicious. 

M. E. — Yes, I am aware of this fact, an<l also of another 
fact: that is, lh;it tlie .'■aino opinion prevailed among ninc- 
fcnth.s of the I'iiarisees and Sadducees, eighleen hundred years 
ago, about our Savior mid His apost'.cs an 1 pro|)het.'i, nod the 
dtetrines which they (aucht. The same kind of religious 
sentiment was arrayed against the g.-»pel then, as now. 

o 



Pr. B. — But you must know that the doctrines of a new 
revelation, and of apostles and prophets are a delusion, and 
that you are leading astray many cf the people. 

31. E — Then the Bible must be a delusion, and it must be 
that it is leading many of the people astray, for the Bible 
teaches the same doctrine that we teaeh, namely, new revela- 
tion, apostles and prophets. 

I)r. B. — I deny that it doe.s. "The law and the prophets 
continued until -John, after w'nich the kingdom of heaven was 
preached." 

M. E. — Would you prove by this quotation that there were 
to be no more revelation, nor apostles and prophets after 
John? Then, indeed, was Jesus Himself a false prophet, 
and His apostles were liilse teachers, and- all that was revealed 
to the world through Him and them was also false. Such a 
conclusion is impossible. What, then, are the facts? The 
kingdom of heaven was really preache! nfterwards, and that, 
too, by apostles and prophets, with a cjutinual flow of revela- 
tion. 

Pr. B. — Yes, I wili agree that new revelation and apostles 
and prophets were necessary till the kingdom was established; 
but after that time, they were no longer needed, and were 
rightly done away. They left us a perfect pattern in the New 
Testament, which is all that is needed to guide the church in 
all things. 

31. E. — And, according to this perfect pattern you allude to, 
you have elders, bishops, priests, teachers and deacons in your 
church, have you? 

Dr. B. — Yes; to be sure we ha^e. And these ofiicersare in 
our church according to the perfect pattern given us in the 
New Testament. 

31. E. — I suppose, then, you have apostles, prophets and 
seventies in your church, thus following out the perfect pat- 
tern to its comi)leteness. 

Dr. B. — No; we have no apostles nor prophets; nor have 
we any seventies. They are all done away with. 

31. E.— Now, can't you see that j'ou are inconsistent? If 
the New Testament pattern recpiires elders and bishops to bo 
organized in the church, it also re(iuires apostles and prophets 
just the same. If this pattern is authority for an elder, it is 
just as good authority for an apostle. If authority for a 
bishop, it is just as surely authority for a prophet. Y'our 
assertion that they are done away with, and no longer needed, 
is a palitablc contradiction of the plainest truths of the New 
Testament pattern. 

])i!. B. — Does not Paul, in the Sth verse of the I'Jth chap- 
ter of his first letter to the Corinthians, say, "Whether there 
be iirophecies they .«hall fail?" 

31. E— Yes, and in the Inth verso of the same chapter 
Paul iilainly tells them when prophecy .shall fail, that is: 
"When tli.-it which is perfect is come." I'aul, in his 4th 
chapter to the I'^phcsians, 11th to l.'ith verses, also refers to 
the apostles anil prophets as being necessary in the church to 
bring about this perleetion, also for the work of the ministry, 
and to continue "till we all come to a unity of the faith." 

The work of the ministry is not or ought not to be done 
away. The perfecting of the Saints, and that unity spoken 
of, are works that belong to all time, as surely as it was neces- 
sary in Paul's lime. Therefore, your quotation from Paul is 
certainly a very .strong proof in favor of our doctrines. 

Dii. B — I cannot .see the necessity of apostles and prophets; 
nor do I believe that God intended that they should be con- 
linucil in the church. Is it not wiillcn in the last chapter of 
John's Revelations, Isth and loth verses, that if any man 





crTJ"V"EisriiL.Ei iisrsTi^TjaToie/. 



15 





shall add to or diminish from the words of this book, that a 
heavy penalty shall rest upon him? If God did not allow any 
more revelations to the world than they at that time pos- 
sessed, then the necessity for apostles and prophets no longer 
existed, as they were the only mediums through whom He 
revealed His will to mankind. 

M. E — What you see, or cannot see, or what you believe, 
or do not believe in this connection, does not amount to a pin, 
unless you see and believe the truth. 

In the 12th chapter of the first epistle to the Corinthians, 
Paul compares the church of Christ to the body of a man, 
placing the apostles and prophets as the head of that body ; 
other officers and members composing the other portions of 
the body. 

There were many members, yet but one body. God had set 
the members in the body as it pleased him ; first, apostles, 
then prophets, etc., down to the feet. The head could not 
say to the body, "I have no need of you;" nor again, could 
the feet say to the body, "We haye no need of you." The 
body could not live an hour without the head. Therefore, the 
church of Christ could not live without apostles and prophets, 
these constituting the head of the Church. 

Dr. B. — But you have not answered my quotation from 
John, forbidding any addition to the word of God, thus cut- 
ting oflF the necessity of new revelation, and the channels or 
mediums through which it was given, forever after. 

M. H — That was just what I was going to come to when 
you interrupted me. God did, indeed, forbid any man to add 
to, or diminish from His word, as you correctly quoted. Also 
in Deuteronomy, 4th chapter and 2nd verse, we find a similar 
prohibition, given through Moses. Now what do these pas- 
sages prove? Simply this: Man shall not add nor diminish, 
but the Lord can do so at His plea.sure. A few daj-s afcer the 
death of Moses the Lord began to leveal more of His word to 
Joshua, the successor of Moses. And it is recorded in history 
that the Lord did the same thing in St. John's case, for he 
wrote his narrative of the gospel and his three epistles after 
his Book of Revelations, from which you made your quotation. 

Dr. B — Your doctrines are the most dangerous that I 
know of, and the best calculated to deceive the ignorant and 
the unwary. And your preaching ought uDt to be allowed in 
this country, and I shall try to prevent all that I can have anj' 
influence over from going to hear you. 

M. E. — I have not done with your quotations yet. No man 
in our Church has ever added to or diminished the word of 
God. We have never violated those restrictions in the least, 
but the Methodists and many other sects of the present day 
have both added to and taken from the word of God. They 
have added the practice of infant baptism, and substituted 
sprinkling for the ordinance of baptism by immersion. They 
have heaped to themselves teachers, having itching ears, who 
have turned froai the truth and have added their fables; they 
divine for money and preach for hire. They have added the 
mourner's bench to what they call the worship of God. The 
fear of God is taught by the precepts of men, and nearly all 
that is preached or belioveil in by them is of their own 
adding. 

They have diminished fi(mi the wurd of God in that they 
deny new revelation, apostles, prophets, seventies, the gifts 
of the Hilly (ihost, the ordinances and power of the gospel, 
and all the grandest, b(^>^t and most glorious promises con- 
tained in the great plan of salvation. 

And I warn you to beware that the plagues John spoke of 
be not added to you, and that your i)art in the book of life 



and your part in the holy city be not taken away. For you 
have "transgressed ihe law, changed the ordinances and 
broken the everlasting covenant." 

Dr. B. — I understand that the government is sending an 
army to LTtah, to exterminate you "Mormons." And I think 
it will serve them just right. Such gross impostors ought not 
to be allowed to live. No such delusion should be tolerated 
among civilized communities. 

M. Pj — That's right; come out in your true colors! Like 
the Pharisees of old, when you cannot bring any arguments 
to prevail against the truth, you would resort to the sword 
— you would have recourse to arms — to violence, and destroy 
all those that love and sustain the truth. And j'ou. Doctor 
Bonham, would have been first among the men that crucified 
the Redeemer, had you lived then. You would have been 
the man to have beheaded John the Baptist, and for the same 
reason ; and to have slain the apostles and prophets. Your 
antipathy to apostles and prophets prove it. "Fill ye up then 
the measure of your fathers," the Pharisees. 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



{ConfimieJ.) 

A GREAT number of anecdotes are told and printed about 
the events which transpired in earlier times, in the days 
of chivalry, when Worms was one of the principal gathering 
places for the champions of the surrounding country. Here 
would they test their strength in friendly combats as well as in 
contests to the death. 

I will relate one little anecdote which occurred during the 
reign of Maximilian the First. This emperor had it pro- 
claimed fiir and near that on a certain day a tournament would 
take place, and that every person so desirous, was invited to 
come and take part in the proceedings, no matter what their 
nationalitj' might be. 

At the time appointed a great number of knights assembled, 
and among them was a French knight named Claude de Barre, 
who had been sent by the king of France to uphold the glory 
of the chivalry of France. No sooner was this knight in his 
quarters than he placed his coat-of-arms over the door, and 
sent a challenge to all the assembled champions to meet him 
singly in combat, and fight until one or the other was slain. 

The renown of Claude de Barre had preceded him, and 
this, tog-ether with his size and strength, caused fear in the 
hearts of ail the knights, so that none dared to lift the gaunt- 
let which had been bulled in defiance at their feet. 

In vain were all the exhortations of the emperor to bis sub- 
jects. In vain were great honors and large rewards offered to 
him who would vaiKiuish the proud and boasting representa- 
tive of France. Not one of the mighty crowd dared to meet 
the challenger. 

Time iias.'^ed by, and it was drawing near the close of the 
tournament. The haughtiness and jeers of the Frenchman 
became more intolerable, when, finally, the emperor himself, 
burning with rage, sent his c nirtiers to answer the challenge 
and to place the shield of Austria and Burgundy by the side 
of that of Franco. 

Astonishment and wonder filled the minds of the people on 
learning of this event, and thousands ujion thousands assem- 
bled to witness the termination. 





16 



J-TJ'VEl^ILE IlNrSTI?.TJGTO:E^. 





With spears, swords and coats of steel, rode the champion? 
into the arena, and as the trumpets sounded every breath was 
held, and every eye was turned on the co mSatants. 

With the speed of arrows they le ft their posts, and came 
together with unimaginable force ; both spears were shivered 
by the shock. Both sprang quickly from their horses, and 
with the sword continued the fight. Blow succeeded blow in 
quick suc3ession; the powerful strokes of the Frenchman cut 
through the armor o f ^laximillian and caused the precious blood 
to flow. This seemed to double the strength of the emperor, for 
with renewed power he pressed upon his adversary anl threw 
him bleeding to the ground. 

This act, whereby the honor of German chivalry was saved, 
was greeted with deafening cheers, and tilled the heaits of the 
spectators with joy. 

3I:iximilian, however, fully satisfied with the conquest, 
offered to the defeated knight the hospitalities of his palace, 
and invited hiui to a banquet on the following day. This in- 
vitation was not accepted, for the conquered Frenchman, 
overcome by shame and mortification, left Worms quietly the 
same day. * * * ■■ • •'■ 

A short distance from the city is what is called the "Lu'her 
Tree." At present only a part of the tree is standing, as the 
storms in 1870 left very little more than the stump remaining. 
The origin of the tree is as follows : 

As Luther was on the way to Worms to defend his cause, 
he cut a twig from a tree by the roadside. After carrying this 
cutting for a short distance, lie stuck it carelessly in the 
ground, sayinjj: "If the teachings which I proclaim are true, 
this twig will grow and become a tree, but if false, it will 
wither and die." . 

From that time this small limb grew, and although no care 
was taken of it still it thrived, until now its circumference 
measures several feet. 

Persons now say that this tree repre.sents Protestantism : at 
first it was under very trying circumstances that it was upheld, 
but graduallj' became better and gained great power; but 
now, as the tree is going to decay, .so is also the power of this 
church waning. 

After I had seen the city of Worms and its surroundings to 
my heart's content, I took the cars, and in about an hour 
found myself again in Mannheim. 

A few days after this I had an opportunity to visit Tleidel- 
burg, which lies at a distance of about forty miles from 
Mannheim. It has a world-wide reputation for the excellence 
of its schools in special branches of education, such as medi- 
cine, law and theology. It also has a renown for being the 
place from which a great many infidels come, in fact, some of 
the colleges would be apjiropriately named if they were called 
.schools of infidelity. Young men are sent here from all parts 
of Germany as well as from other countries, to undergo the 
course of instruction that is here to be obtained, but many 
of them arc better prepared to go through life before they 
ever enter college than they are when they have finished their 
course of study. Not but what the knowledge is good, but 
becau.-'C the morals and lives of the students are so low and 
degraded, that the seeds of death and destruction are planted 
in their .systems while yet in school ; and when they should 
be prepared to enter upon the sterner duties of life, they find 
themselves falling into the grave. 

The schools of the world at the present day show an exam- 
ple of the degeneracy of mankind — smoking, chewing, drink- 
ing, swearing, and other evils of a most damning character 
arc practiced by the students; and the teachers neither teach 



their pupils how to live nor how to die, but allow them 
uninterruptedly to follow in the paths which lead them to 
destruction. 

I had heard considerable about the universities of Heidel- 
berg, and from their notoriety had pictured in my mind many 
fine buildings, surrounded with pleasant gardens and walks, 
and supposed something of this nature would meet my gaze 
when I should see them, and also supposed these notable 
places would be recognizable in an instant by their appearance. 
In this, however, I was greatly deceived, for after looking 
around for some time in search of them I enquired where 
they were, and on having them pointed out to me I found 
that I had passed them several times without any thought of 
such old and unassuming buildings being the place from which 
so many worldly-learned men emerged. 

The internal arrangements are everything that could be 
desired for the different departments, while the laboratories, 
collections of different kinds, libraries, etc., are well sup- 
plied with everything necessary for the progress of the vaiL'^us 
students. 

Each department or class of students is provided with caps 
of the same kind, which they generally wear while out of 
school ; no two classes have caps of the same kind and color. 
Badges are also distributed to the students, which they are 
supposed to wear at all times as long as they are scholars in 
these schools. 

{To he Conditnnl] 



ti q r ;t p I) 1) . 






THE 



[Contiiuicil.) 

"TliPi-o lia^ been much said about President Rigdon being 
prcsiddit of the Church, nnd leading the people, being the head, 
etc. Brother Rigdon has come one thousand six luindrod mil<>s 
to toll you what he wants to do for you. If the people want 
President Fvigdoii to lead them thej' may have him; but I say 
unto you that the quorum of the Twelve hiivo the keys of tho 
kingdom of God in all the world. 

"The Twelve are appointed by the finger of God. Here is 
Brigham; have his kness over faltered? have his lips ever 
quivered' Here is Heber and the icst of the Twelve, an inde- 
pendent body, who have the keys of the priesthood— the keys of the 
kingdom of God ti) deliver to all the world; this is true, so help 
me God. They stand next to .Tosojih, and are as the First Presi- 
dency of the Church. 

••I do not know whether my enemies will take my life or not, 
and I do not cam, for I want to bo with the man I love. 

"You cannot till the oflice of a Prophet, Seer and Revelator; 
God must do this. Y'ou are like children without a father and 
sheep without a shepherd. You must not appoint any man at 
our head; if you should, the Twelve must ordain him. You 
cannot Hi>j)oint a man at our head; but if you want any other 
man it men to lead you, take them and we will go our way to 
build up the kingdom in all Iho world. 

"I know who are Joseph's friends, and who are his enemies. 
I know where the keys of the kingdom are, nnd whore they will 
otomally bo. You cannot call a man to be a prophet; you cannot 
take Klder Rigdon and place him above tho Twelve; if so, he 
must be ordained by them. 



r^ 







CTTJ'^EItTIIL.III] UtTSTI^.TJGTOI^. 





^"I tell you there is an over-anxiety to hurry matters here. 
"i ou cannot take any man and put him at the head; you would 
scatter the Saints to the four winds, you would sever the priest- 
hood. So long as we remain as we are, the Heavenly Head is in 
constant co-operation with us; and if you go out of that course, 
God will have nothing to do with you. 

"Again, perhaps some think that our beloved Brother Eigdon 
would not be honored, would not be looked to as a friend; but 
if he does right, and remains faithful he will not act against our 
counsel nor we against his, but act together, and we shall be 
as one. 

"I again repeat: no man can stand at our head, except God 
reveals it from the heavens. 

"I have spared no pains to learn my lesson of the kingdom in 
this world and in (he eternal worlds; and if it were not so, I 
could go and live in peace; but for the gospel and your sakes I 
shall stand in my place. We are liable to be killed all the day 
long. You have never lived by faith. 

"Brother Joseph, the Prophet, has laid the foundation for a 
great work, and we will build upon it; you have never seen the 
quorums build one upon an other. There is an Almighty founda- 
tion laid, and we can build a kingdom such as there never was in 
the world: we can build a kingdom faster than Satan can kill the 
Saints off. 

"What do you want? Do you want a Patriarch for the whole 
Church? To this we are perfectly willing. If Brother Samuel 
H. Smith had been living, it would have been his right and 
privilege; but he is dead, he has gone to Joseph and Hyrum, he 
is out of the reach of bullets and spears, and he can waft himself 
with his brothers, his friends and the Saints. 

"Do you want a Patriarch? Here is brother William left; here 
is uncle John Smith, uncle to the Prophet Joseph, left; it is their 
right. The right of patriarchal blessings belongs to Joseph's 
family. 

"Do you want a trustee-in-trust? Has there been a Bishop 
who has stood in his lot yet? What is his business? To take 
charge of the temporal affairs, so that the Twelve and the Elders 
may go on their business. Joseph condescended to do their busi- 
ness for them. Joseph condescended to offer himself for president 
of the United States, and it was a great condescension. 

"Do you want a spokesman? Here are Elder Rigdon, Brother 
Amasa Lyman (whom Joseph expected to take as a counselor) 
and myself Do you want the Church properly organized, or do 
you want a spokesman to be chief cook and bottle-washer? 
Elder Rigdon claims to be sjiokesman to the Prophet. Very 
well, he was; but can he now act in that office? If he wants now 
to be a spokesman to the Prophet, he must go the other side of 
the vail, for the Prophet is there, but Elder Rigdon is here. 
Why will Elder Rigdon be a fool? Who knows anything of the 
priesthood, or of the organization of the kingdom of God? I am 
plain. 

Does this Church want it as God organized it? or do you want 
to clip the power of the priesthood, and let those who liave the 
keys of the priesthood go and build up the kingdom in all the 
world, wherever the people will hear them? 

"If there is a spokesman, if he is a king and priest, let him go 
and build up a kingdom unto himself; that is his right and it is 
the right of many here, but the Twelve are at the head of it. 

"I want to live on the earth and spreai! truth through all the 
world. You Saints of Latter-days want things right. If 10,0fKj 
men rise up and say they have tlio Prophet .Foseph Smith's shoes, 
I know they are impostors. In the priesthood you have a right 
to build up a kingiiom, if you know how tlici Cliuroh is organized. 

"Xow, if you want Sidney Rigdon or William Law to lead you, 
iir anj'body else, you are welcome to them; but I tell you, in the 
name of the Lord, that no man can put another between the 
Twelve and the Proi)liPt Josejih. Why? Because Josejih was 
their file leader, and he has committeil into their hands the keys 
of the kingdom in this last dispensation, for nil the world; don't 
put a thread between tlie priesthood and God. 

"I will ask, who has stood next to Josepli aiul Hyrum? I have, 
and I will stand next to him. We have a head, and that head is 



the Apostleship, the spirit and power of Joseph, and we can now 
begin to see the necessity of that Apostleship. 

"Brother Rigdon was at his side— not above. No man has a 
right to counsel the Twelve but Joseph Smith. Think of these 
things. You can not appoint a Prophet; but if you let the 
Twelve remain and in their place, the keys of the kingdom are 
wiih them and they can manage the affairs of the Church and 
direct all things aright- 

"Novf, all this does not lessen the character of President Rig- 
don; let him magnify his calling, and Joseph will want him 
beyond the vail. Let him be careful what he does, lest that thread 
which binds us together is cut asunder. May God bless j-ou 
all." 

After President Young had made these remarks, other 
Elders addressed the people, and among the rest Sidney 
I'igdon was called upon. During the entire afternoon he sat 
in the .stand with his back to the congregation, and much of 
the time with his head down. He had no inclination to show 
himself lo the people, and if his conduct and apiiearance gave 
a correct idea of his feelings, he felt badly. He declined to 
speak, but called upon Elder W. W. Phelps to speak for him. 
Not one word did he utter in a public congregation of the 
Saints after making his remarks that morning. 

Those who were called upon to speak having finished their 
remarks, President Young again arose and addressed the 
assemblage. Among other things he said to the people: 

"I do not ask you to take my counsel or advice alone, butevery 
one of you act for yourselves; but if Brother Rigdon is the per- 
son you want to lead you, vote for him, but not unless you intend 
to follow him and support him as you did Joseph. Do not say 
so without you mean to take his counsel hereafter. 

"And I would say the same for the Twelve; don't make a 
covenant to support them unless you intend to abide by their 
counsel; and if they do not counsel you as you please, don't 
turn round and oppose them. 

"I want every man, before he enters into a covenant, to know 
what he is going to do; but we want to know if this people will 
support the jiriesthood in the name of Israel's God. If you say 
you will, do so." 

He added a few more remarks, and then asked tlie Elders 
and other officers, as quorums, 

"Do _vou want Brother Rigdon to stand forward as your leader, 
3'our guide, your spokesman?" 

But Sidney Rigdon told him at this point that he desired 
him to bring up the other question first, which he diil by 
asking : 

"Does the Church want, and is it their only desire to sustain 
the Twelve as the First Presidency of the people? Here are tho 
apostles, the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and 
Covenants — they are written on the tablet of my heart. If the 
Church want the Twelve to stand at their head, the First Presidency 
of the Church, and at the head of this kingdom in all the world, 
stand next to Joseph, walk up into their calling and hold the 
keys of this kingdom, every man, every woman, every quorum 
is now put in order, and you are now tho sole controlers of it. 
All that are in favor of this, in all the congregation of the Saints, 
nuinil'est it by holdhig up the right hand." 

The vote was unanimous. He then said: 

"If there are any of the contrary mind, every man and every 
woman who does not want the Twelve to preside, lift up your 
hands in like manner." 

Not a hand was raised. 

[To he CoiitiininJ.) 



TiiKSK .six — the iieevish, tho sluirgard, the dissati.^lied, the 
passionate, the susi)icious, and those who live upon others' 
means !ire forever unhappy. 





18 



0"TJ^En^ILE! I^TSTI^TJOTOI^. 




ffltjj HuufJiilf Inslriicttiti. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUAKY 15, 1881. 




people in the world, of whom we know 
anj'thing, have such an extended field o^ 
labor and usefulness before them as the 
Lat'er-day Saints. A great contest is in 
progress between right and wrong, between 
freedom and tyranny and between truth 
and error. The Latter-day Saints are 
compelled to take part in this contest, 
much against their will generally, in order 
to live. They are constantly struck at, 
and they must either defend themselves and 
ward off these blows or tink before them. This 
has been our position now for fifty years. Men 
and women who were young at the beginning of 
that time have either gone hence or are very aged; 
children who were not born at that time are now in 
their mature manhood and womanhood; and an 
almost entirely new generation is engaged in the 
* work. In a few years more those who are now 

juveniles, and are reading the Instructor and other writings 
designed for their benefit, will be active men and women. If 
they .should be true to their religion, as we sincerely trust they 
will be, they will have to take part in the struggle. 

One of the great questions over which the struggle is being 
made is, "Shall the Latter-day Saints be permitted to wor- 
ship God in their own way, or shall they worship Him in the 
way that others say it must be done?" This just now is a 
very important questinn for u^. But it is not important to us 
alone. At present we are in the front. ^Ve are looked at 
and made the object of attack. Suppose, however, that such 
a thing were possible as that we should be overthrown (which 
the Lord has promised shall not be, if we do right) then other 
unpopular people would be attacked. If the majority have 
the right to attack us because we are in the minority, they 
have the right to attack others who may be in the minority. 
If we can be forced to worship as others tell us, because we 
are weak, wc are not the only weak ones, and somebody else 
can be forced to worship as others stronger and more numerous 
than thoy .shall require. So you see it is for liberty we are 
struegling — liberty lor ourselves and for everybody else. 

To explain to you more fully what we mean, let us suppose 
a case. Suppose that in one of our settlements where the 
Latter-day Saints live there should come a number of Catholics 
and build a chapel, or building where they could worship. In 
this they should i)Ut shrines and pictures of the virgin Mary 
and persons whom they call saints, and bow down before them 
and plead with them to intercede with Jesus in their behalf. 
Besides these, suppose there should be conCes-ionals where 
men, women and children would go to confess their sins to the 
priests and obtain forgiveness for them. Now the Latter-day 
Saints of that settlement would not believe in such a system 
of worship; they would think it improper and contrary to the 
rcquimncnts of heaven; but if these Catholics should not 
molest any one and shoull not interfere with other peofile's 
rights who did not believe as they did, would their neighbors 



be justified in asking them to forsake their religion and change 
their mode of worship under penalty of being driven away 
from their homes? Certainly not. If these people were dealt 
with in this way it would be a clear violation of the principles 
of liberty. 

This was the liberty which was had in a republic established 
by Mosiah, among the Nephites, which we read about in the 
Book of Mormon. In the Book of Alma (xxs., T-ll) it is 
said: "Now there was no law against a man's belief; for it was 
strictly contrary to the commands of God that there should be 
a law which should bring men on to unequal grounds. For 
thus saith the scripture, Choose ye this day whom ye will 
serve. Now if a man desired to serve God, it was his privilege, 
or rather if he believed in God, it was his privilege to serve 
him; but if he did not believe in him, there was no law to 
punish him. But if he murdered, he was punished unto 
death; and if he robbed, he was also punished; and if he 
stole, he was also punished; and if he committed adultery, he 
was also punished; yea, for all this wickedness they were pun- 
ished; for there was a law, that men should be judged accord- 
ing to their crimes. Nevertheless, there was no law against a 
man's belief; therefore, a man was punished only for the crimes 
which he had done; therefore all men were on equal grounds." 
There would be perfect liberty of religion in a country where 
"o man icas punished onJi/ for the c7-nne.'s ichi'ch he had done." 
But though it is said there is that kind of liberty in our 
republic, it is so only in name; for the Latter-day Saints were 
treated cruelly, worse than criminals are treated, in the States 
of Missouri and Illinois, and were driven away from their 
homes and property; the Prophet Joseph and his brother 
Hyrum, the Patriarch, were murdered as well as many more; 
and all these were guilty of no crime. People were not pleased 
with their belief, and they treated them in this way because 
they would not change it. We fled into the mountains to 
obtain peace and to enjoy the worship of our God without 
being abu.sed for it; but even there the same spirit of persecu- 
tion follows us. Many would destroy us if they could. We 
do them no harm. We do not force our religion upon them. 
We do not even threaten them. Hut they are offended, or 
pretend to be, because of our belief and methods of worship, 
and would, if they could, treat us as criminals. We have 
this to contend against. We cannot give up our religion. We 
cannot change our methods of worship. Therefore, unless 
they kill us all, we must contend for our rights. And this is 
the duty which devolves upon parents and upon children of 
the Latter-day Saints. We must have these privileges for 
ourselves. But not for ourselves alone, we want them for 
every one else. 

Whenever Latter-day Saints can get the power in this land, 
there will be no such thing as religious persecution. We shall 
continue to reason with and endeavor to persuade men to 
adopt our religion; but to use force to this end, to punish men, 
or even to threaten them with any kind of violence, would be 
contrary to the principles of liberty as we believe them. If 
we have a religion and methods of worship better than those 
of other jicople, as wc know we have, let us show them to the 
world in word and action. Our example will tell the storj'. 
Men do not "gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles." 
Jesus gave the rule: "by their fruits ye .shall know them." 
Our fruits men will be able to see. Hut if we are willing that 
men shall believe and worship as they plea.sc so long as they 
do no harm to others, shail we not have the same privilege? 
This, some would refuse to u--. They want liberty, but they 
want it for themselves alone. They want to worship as they 



ih&. 





CrTJ"VEIsriIjE IlsTSTI^/TJCTOIR. 



19 




please; and they would like to force us to do the same — that 
is to worship as tlin/ please. As a people, we must not, we 
cannot rest till perfect liberty in these matters is obtained for 
ourselves and for everybody else. The children of this Church, 
as they grow up must join their parents in strufrgling and con- 
tending for this freedom of belief and wor-hip. We must 
destroy all oppression and tyranny. Our land must be made 
a free land — so that from north to south, from east to west, 
throughout all our valleys, every man and woman shall bo free 
and equal, not to believe alone, as officials sent from Washing- 
ton would have them, but to do everything their conscience 
shall dictate, so long as others shall not be harmed thereby. 

The manner in which the Book of Mormon states the prin- 
ciple is so strong and to the point that everyone must admire 
it — a man sh(dlhc p>'it)shcd 0)iJj/ for the crimes irhich lie shall 
do. This gives to every one perfect liberly and equality, and 
preserves to him his agencj'. If he sins against God but does 
not break the law and commit crime, God alone has the right 
to punish him; but if, by committing wrong, he sins against 
the law, then he is punished by the law. 

The day will come when this will be the rule of action 
wherever we live. But now it is not. Drunkenness, adulteries, 
blasphemies, divisions, quarrelings and strifes are encouraged 
by many of those who comvi here. They want vice to flourish 
among us, because they know it will destroy those who prac- 
tice it. But righteousness they would like to banish. They 
would, if they had the power, punish righteous men and 
women and children. This must be changed. One of the 
labors before us is to make this change. For this we must 
contend. The time must and will come when it will no longer 
be a question as to whether Latter-day Saints shall be per- 
mitted to worship God in their own way. It will be their 
absolute and unquestioned right to do so. For that we must 
pray and work with that true faith and courage which will 
bring the grand result. 



SAVED BY PROVIDENCE. 



BY ,J. N. 




THP] Elders of the Church often speak of the care shown 
by the Lord in preserving His Saints from harm. He 
has delivered them miraculously from accidents and death 
many times. 

I will tell of a case in which God csersised His power in 
behalf of a company of His people. 

The children who read the Fn'stiiitctor perhaps all know 
that hundreds and thou-^ands of Saints gather to this country, 
from far off nations, every year. Many .ship loads of them 
have crossed the Atlantic Ocean — a voyage of nearly :!,00() 
miles. ()a the sea, many accidents occur whereby people lose 
their lives by drowning, through the sinking of ships in storms. 
But nothing of this kind has ever taken jilace with a ship load 
of Saints. The reasDn for this i-i, that God has promi>ed to 
protect Ilis elect who should gather from the lour i|uarters of 
the earth in these latter days. 

In the year isnd, Elder Brighani Voung, Jr., who was then 
President of what is called the European Mission of the 
(!hurch, appointed the writer of this article to take charge of 
a company of about live hundred Saints from (Jreat Britain to 
the banks of the .Missouri iliver, in this country, on tlieir way 
to Salt Lake City. The Saints did n<it cro.'-s thi^ sea in fast- 
sailing steamships in those day.s. Tlicy traveled over the 



waters in slow-going sailing ships, depending for speed on 
favorable winds. At that time six weeks was considered the 
average length of time for a voyage from England to New 
York. 

AVe left the port of London on the 2:jrd of May, 1866, a 
very fine company of people, not a few of whom, I am pleased 
to say, are good, honorable members of the Church, in Utah, 
to-day. I have in my mind especially now some of the boys 
who were with us. I have seen them grow up to manhood, 
and they are still faithful. 

When the ship Am^rieait Congress, on which we sailed, was 
near the shores of Newfoundland a thick fog prevailed for 
several days, which prevented Captain Woodward from taking 
an observation, being unable to see the sun. He therefore 
could not tell exactly where we were. 

About this time the captain and Brother John Rider, who 
now lives in Kanab, and who was one of my counsellors in the 
presidency of the company, were conversing on the part of the 
ship called the quarter deck. I was standing some distance 
away from them. Brother Rider happened to turn his face 
in the direction in which the ship was sailing. At that moment 
the fog lifted up from the surfiice of the sea, as if a vail or 
scroll had been raised. He saw clearly between the fog and 
the water for some distance ahead. 

Suddenly he exclaimed, pointing forward, "Captain, what is 
that?" 

Captain Woodward, who was tall, powerful and active, made 
no answer. It was no time for orders. He sprang to the wheel- 
house with the agility of a tiger, and knocked the man at the 
helm "heels over head," sending him sprawling upon the deck. 
At the same instant he grasped the wheel, turning it with the 
most surprising rapidity. Although his movements were so 
quick, he did not lose his presence of mind a moment. He 
was busy with his voice as well as his hands, for while he 
acted as I have described, he shouted, in clear, loud, piercing 
tones, the several orders directing all hands to " 'bout ship." 
The sailors sprang to their posts. There were active limba 
and busy hands among the rigging. The good ship Ameri- 
can. Coniyress, swayed slowly around, and the moment of peril 
was past. 

Had this action been delayed a few moments the vessel 
would have been among the breakers, upon the rocks, dashed 
to pieces and probably not a soul of the nearly five hundred 
on board would have escaped a watery grave. 

The rocks and breakers ahead, on the line of the vessel's 
course, were what Brother I'uder saw when the fog lifted. 
The captain asked us, as a special favor, not to say a word to 
the people about the danger with which the ship had been 
threatened. He being commander o." the vessel, we considered 
it right to respect his desire; besides, we thought his sugges- 
tion wise, as a knowledge of what had occurred would doubtless 
have caused an uneasy feeling among the passengers. The 
company were, therefore, not aware of the great danger they 
had escaped. 

Elder I'lider and myself thanked (iod for His goodness in so 
manifestly exercising His power in behalf of His Saints. The 
Loril fulfilled the promises made to us by His servants at the 
time we left England for the land ot Zion. 



A ('.\heI''i;l sowing of good seed to-day may save us from 
reapinc a terrible harvest by and bj'. Never fear that the 
go.id l''ather above will not .send all needful discipline, and 
trust His care, but don't borrow trouble or engage in its 
home manufacture. 





so 



J'TJ'VIEIlI^riLEl IISrSTI^TJGT'OK., 



^S5 



a' 



^ 



JUGGERNAUT. 



DURIN(t a four years' mission in India I observed manj* of 
th; religious rites of the benighted inhabitants, and also 
visited many of their shrines. One of the most noted of these 
is the temple of Juggernaut, whiidi I saw, though not on the 
occasion of a festival. 

The illustration here represented gives a correct view of the 
leading features in the great annual religious fesiival of Jug- 
gernaut, the origin of which dates as iar back as 1198 of the 
Christian era. This festival is held in tlie highest veneration 
and estimation by all faithful Hindoos, who do not consider 
their religious privileges and experience complete unless they 
have, once in their lives, 
been present thereat. 

The temple of Jugger- 
naut, at the town of Jug- 
gernaut Puri, is situated 
in the district of Cuctack, 
Bengal, two hundred and 
fifty miles south-west of 
Calcutta. It stands Ufon 
a plot of ten acres. It is 
thirty feet si|uare at the 
bai^e, and two hundred feet 
high. 

The c;ir of Juggernaut, 
which is kept in the temple 
enclosure, is a rude and 
ma.ssive vehicle, thirty-four 
and a half feet square at 
the ba-e and forty-five and 
a half feet high. It is 
placed ujion si.xteen im- 
mense wooden wheels, six 
and a half feet in diameter. 
In the upper and front part 
of the car there is an im- 
age of .JdiiiiiiiKitliii iihe 
Lord of the world), .'•ur" 
rounded >y many other 
minor deities and profuse 
ornamentations. 

In the month of -"\Iarch 
the great festival, or nitl, 
Jiifrti, is held, and the car 
is taken out of it.s usual 
place near the temple. It 
is drawn with ropes by 
hundreds of men, women 
and children, to a place one and a half miles distant in the 
countr}'. 

During the i>rogress of the car the priests who ride upon it 
are engaged in making obscene speeches and movements, 
which call forth the loud applau.se of the multitude. Formetly, 
as the car moved along, some of the fanti.'al jieople would 
throw themselves under the wheels and pet crushed to death, 
and in doing so gain the applause of the assembled multitude, 
who honored them as martyrs tti their religion. Of late years 
this practice of .self-destruction has been di.-continucd. 

The cost of building the temple and car. with the surrouml- 
ing buildings, amounted to over ten millions of dollars, the 
architecture and workmanship being among the most splendid 
in the world. 




The expense of keeping up this institution and supporting 
the priests was at one time sustained by the British govern- 
ment; but as this was the cause of great reproaches from 
other nations, they gave it into the hands of the natives, who 
levy a tax on the pilgrims that swarm here from all parts of 
India. 

The faithfulness and devotion of these idolatrous people are 
worthy of a belter cause; and it would be well if tho.se who 
have connected themselves with the true Church were as 
faithful and devoted. 

IIow thankful we ought to be that our religion is free from 
the cruelties and alsurdities which accompany the religious 
ceremonies of the idolatrous Hindoos! The gospel teaches us 

tha' we need not torture 
our bodies and court death 
in its most painful and 
horrid forms in order to 
pleise the God we worship 
— ;he Creator of heaven and 
earth. On the contrary it 
teaches us that we can best 
please Him by observing 
those laws that tend to 
prolong life and make it 
agreeable. 

The gospel teaches us 
that self-denial and self- 
sai'rifioe are necessary, but 
not in the sense understood 
hi' the ignorant Hindoos. 
The Almighty requires us 
to deny our.selves those 
iululgences that are calcu- 
lated to shorten our lives 
and curtail our usefulness. 
Hi also requires us to 
sacrifice our desires, our 
appetites our associations 
ir friendships and our 
worldly prospects, when 
these things prevent us 
from serving Him. He 
requires us to value the 
principles of truth and 
liberty and the defense of 
the kingdom of God even 
above our lives ; but not to 
throw our lives away when 
the defense of His cause 
docs not require it. 
The Hindoos who saciifite their lives with the idea of 
])leasing their god, are doubtless sincere; but we know that 
they are in error. 

May the time soon oome when the truth shall make them 
as free and as happy as we are. W. 



O.NF. iiienibcr in a family who begins the day with fretful 
words and harsh tones, is generally enough to si)oil the happi- 
ness of the family for the whole day. Not all who bear the 
impatient word give the angry answer, for many choose to 
suffer in silence ; but every such word makes .somebody's 
heart ache, and, as a rule, it is somebody we love and would 
do anything for, except to keep back thf unkind, sarcastic word. 





CrTJ^HHtTILE IltTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



SI 




A BROTHERS ADVICE. 



1\ /TANr of the young Elders who are now abroad proclaiming 
-'■'-'■ the gospel owe much of their efficiency as missionaries 
to the training they have had in the Sunday schools during 
their youth. The opportunities which the Sunday schools 
and Improvement Associations afford the young people of our 
community for acquiring knowledge are very great. These, 
however, like most other blessings, are seldom fully appreciated 
by any person until he is deprived of them. A short experi- 
ence in the world as a missionary is apt to show to a young 
man the advantages of these home institutions. As a sample 
of the letters which young missionaries generally write home 
to their brothers and former companions, we publish the 
following. It was written by a young man from Salt Lake 
City, who is now filling a mission to the Southern States: 

"I am pleased to learn of your progress at school, and was 
happily surprised to learn of your being sent as a visitor to the 
17th Ward, by the Improvement x\ssociation. When you are 
sent again you should make an attempt to say something. 
Whatever you do, always be regular and attentive to your 
meetings, and never fail to be prepared, if you want to be a 
good and great man. 

"Always avoid bad company. Do not associate with those 
who do not regularly attend the various meetings, and those 
who use bad language, smoke tobacco and drink poisonous 
liquor. 

"I have been gone now from home nearly one j-ear and a 
half, and I want to ask you and Stephen soma questions; not 
because I am inquisitive, or want anything improper, but 
because I feel interested in your welfare. The .questions are 
these : 

"Have you used tobacco in any way, or anything like it? 
Again, have you used language that is commonly termed 
swearing, or kept the company of those who do? 

"I would like to know who you and Stephen associate with, 
and if they attend Sunday school, and the Y. 31. M. I. 
Association, and take active parts. If they do not, and some 
of them are what we might call passably good boys, you work 
hard to get them to go, and if they won't, you keep company 
with those who do. 

"Thiswillreachyouin time (o commence the new year afresh, 
and with renewed determination to do better each day that 
you live. Now, I hope you will do this, for your sake and for 
mine. 

"Let me know in your next all about what I ask you, and 
what your intentions and ideas are regarding these matters. 

"My health keeps good. I have waded dozens of rivers, at 
all times of the year and walked most of the time in the rain. 
Some days I got wet through, but as yet have not caught 
what you might call a cold since I left home. This proves a 
miracle, almost, to some of the people here ; but it is the 
Lord I thank for this. I came to (ill a mission, and my faith 
is that while I live as I .■should, nothing can prevent mc from 
accomplishing it, for the Lord will do His part if I will but do 
mine. I'or that reason I feel anxious that you and St(qilien 
should keep your lives and bodies free and unspotted from the 
contaminations of tlic world, that the Spirit of the Lord 
may be i)leased to dwell within you. 

"The Bible says that our 'bodies are temples of God,' .so we 
should take good care of them, keeping them from the lilthy 
habits and wic-kedness with which we are surrounded. 

"Xnw, some miu'ht say 1 am getting religious, but that 
matters not, common sense teaches us that it is good, be it 




religion or anything else, and that which is good we want. 
You should strive to give Stephen a good example and 
endeavor to keep him from that which he ought not to do. 

"I have been giving you some advice, and I hope j-ou will 
both take it in the spirit in which it is given and do not be 
afraid to own to me what you are doing or what you are going 
to do." 



OBEDIENCE TO PARENTS. 



BY J. II. PARRY. 



"TTONOIl thy father and thy mother" is one of the first 

■LA commandments given with promise, the keeping or 
neglecting of which will in a great measure determine what 
our after lives shall be, whether of honor or of dishonor. 

In the first place, it is a duty we owe our parents to honor 
and obey them if it were only as an act of gratitude due to 
them for their care over us while we were young and helpless. 
They fed and clothed us, watched over us in sickness, gave us 
an education, and otherwise fitted us for the battle of life; 
and for all this, all that they ask of us — all that God requires 
of us, is to duly honor and obey them — too little we might 
truly say for so great a debt. For with all that we can do for 
them, we can never repay our parents for their unceasing 
kindness and attention towards us. 

The ijleasure of living in the love and esteem of our parents, 
of our brothers and sisters, and in the confidence of all good 
men, only got by obedience, is no small compensation for any 
sacrifice involved therein. Then the training we receive from 
our parents, if we but listen to their teachings and counsels, 
will fit us as nothing else can, for the great duties of life. 

Deny it if we can, but he who would be successful in life, 
he thai would seek to fill a position of honor in society, cannot 
obtain these blessings unless he first trains himself in the school 
of obedience, thus laying the foundation for self-denial and 
self-government, principles so necessary for our happiness and 
advancement in life. 

If we would become useful members in the kingdom of 
God, we must learn obedience while we are young, for if we 
do not learn it now, we shall not be very apt scholars when 
we become older; and unless this principle has become, so to 
speak, a part of our very natures, we shall attain to very little 
happiness in this world or the next, and be of very little worth 
to ourselves or to our fellow men. 

There is an old proverb and a very true one, that if we 
would be respected we must first respect ourselves, and how 
can we respect ourselves, or expect others to love and respect 
us, unless we first honor and respect our parents? And 
again, if we love and respect not our earthly parents whom 
we have both known and .seen, how shall we love our Father 
' in iTeaven, whom we have not seen? 

\\'eie the histories of the great men who have lived in the 
past before us, we would learn this one fact, that they began 
their greatness by honoring their parents, which is the only 
way to true worth. So, if we de.sire to become great and good 
men and women, we must, in our youth, lay a solid foundation 
therefor by rendering im|ilicit obedience to our [larents. 



liKAsoN is |)rngri>ssiv(\ instim-t is stationary. Five thous- 
and years have added no im|iruvcnicnt to the hive of the bee 
nor to iho liouso of the beaver. 



.?^#? 




ss 



crTJ"VEisrirjE i^stst^^tjotoi?.. 




THE LANDS OF THE 
NEPHITES. 



LAND OF ZARAHEMLA. 



^ 



BY G. R. 

{Continued.] 

AS there were two lands of Nephi, the greater and the les- 
ser, so for exactly the same reason, there were two lands 
of Zarahemla; the one occupying the whole of S^uth 
America, from the great wilderness, which formed its southern 
border, northward to the land Bountiful ; the other, the dis- 
trict immediately surrounding the capital city. 

That there was a Zirahemla within Zarahemla is shown by 
various passages in which persons are sjioken of as journeying 
to the land of Zarahemla, when they were already within the 
borders of the greater laud of that name. For instance, 
Minou, on the Rivet Sidon, is said to have been situated 
above the laud of Zarahemla {AInia ii. 24); again, Alma took 
Amulek and came over to the land of Zaramemla from Sidon 
( Ahiiii .re. Is). While in many other places, notably where 
the boundaries of the possessions of the Nephites are given, 
the name Zarahemla is applied to the whole of the lands of 
that people, even sometimes including Bountiful, which is 
generally sjioken of separately. 

In the days of the first ^losiah and his son, King Benjamin, 
the greater portion of the Nephites appear to have been 
located in and immediately around the city of Zuahemla. 
King Benjamin, when about to resign the royal authority into 
the hands of his son, Mosiah, commanded him to gather his 
people together, "For," he adds, "on the morrow I shall pro- 
claim unto this my people out of mine own mouth, th;^,t thou 
art a king and a ruler over this people" {.VosiaJi i. 10). The 
proclamation was sent forth and the people were gathered in 
an unnumbered host, a thing that could not have been done 
in .so .short a time had their habitations been widely scattered 
over an extended territory. 

In the reign of the younger Mosiah, the people stretched 
out in all directions, and colonies were [ilanted in distant re- 
gions. This vigorous policy was continued, only on a much 
larger scale, during the days of the judges. 

After carefully perusing the Book of Mormon, we suggest 
that the lands or cities (which in Xephite geography appear 
to be frci|uently used interchangeably, or one for the other), 
included within the borders of the Neiihites, in the days of 
the judge-, were : 

In the extreme norlli, the land of Biuntifnl, wliich extcml- 
rd southwaril fmni the Isthmus of Panama. On its southern 
frontier lay ihc land of Jer.shon. 

On the liiver Sidon: Zirahemla, !Miiion, Gideon and 
Manti. 

In the interior, eastward of the Sidon ; Antinnuni. Siron, 
and probably Nephlhah. 

On the shores of the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea: 
.^lulck, Morcanfon, Ljhi, (Jinncr, Gid, Aaron and .^Io^oni. 

In the interior, west of the Sidon: Mclek, Noah, Ammoni- 
hah and Sidnui. 

Between the upper waters of the Sidon and the Pacific 
f)cean, or in the extreme south-west: Cuiueni, Antiparah, 
Judea and Zeezrom. 

Besides the above, the following cities arc mentioned, but 
only in connection with their destruction at the lime of the 



terrible convulsions that marked the sacrifice at Jerusalem, of 
the world's Redeemer (497) :* 

The great city of Moronihah, covered with earth. 

Laman, Gad, Josh and Kishkumen, burned with fire. 

Gilgal, Gadiandi, Gadiomnah, Jacob and Gimgimno sunk in 
the depths of the earth, and 

(^nihah and Mocam, in whose place waters came up. 

We imagine from the names, that some of the above were 
built by the Lamanites or Gadianton robbers. But this is 
simply a conjecture, as the sacred record is entirely silent on 
the point. 

We will now very briefly examine, one by one, some of the 
more imjiortant divisions of the country. 

Jf.rsikin. — This is the name given to the region set apart 
by the Nephites (B. C. 78), as the home of the Ammonites or 
Christian Lsmanites. It is situated far to the north, and was 
evidently chosen for that reason, so that the strength of the 
Nephite nation would lie between the fugitives and their for- 
mer countrymen, the Lamanites, who then thirsted for their 
blood. It was bounded by the Caribbean Sea and the land 
Bountiful on the north and east, and by the land of Antionum 
on the south. Its western boundary is not defined, but we are 
inclined to believe, from the context, that it was the river 
Sidon. Its geographical situation is partly described in Alma 
x.i-rii. '22, thus: "We" (the Nephites) "will give up the land 
of Jershon, which is on the east by the sea, which joins the 
land Bountiful, which is on the south of the land Bountiful." 
With regard to its southern boundary, Aliiia .r.ci-i. '■• (which 
wo shall hereafter quote), states that Antionum lay to the 
south of it. 

Antio.m'.m, the land where the Zoramite apostates gathered 
(B. C. 7.3), was an extensive and thinly-settled region, extend- 
ing from the land of Jershon to the great southern wilderness. 
Its boundaries are thus defined {Alnui x.c.ri.o): "Antionum, 
which was east of the land of Zarahemla, which lay nearly 
bordering upon the sea shore, which was south of the land of 
Jershon, which also bordered upon the wilderness south." 
By this we understand that it stretched north from the 
great wilderness, which passed by the head of the Sidon, 
almost to ihe Atlantic Ocean; that its western boundary was 
the land of Zarahemla, and Jer.-hon its northern limit. 
Nothing [i said of its eastern borders for the simple reason 
that at the time this passage was originally written, the 
country east of it was yet uninhabited, except possibly by a 
few wandering Lamanites. At its extreme southern or .south- 
eastern corner, "among the borders of the Lamanites" of the 
wilderness, was the outlaying land of Siron. This place is 
menliiinod but once in the Book of Jlormon [AIiiki x.r.n'x. 3). 

.AIanti. — l>uring the days of the republic, Manti was a dis- 
trict of great importance to the Nephites. It was situated 
contiguous to the wilderness at the head waters of the Sidon 
iAIiiiii .rri. C>), and lay on the line of march generally taken 
by the armies of the Lamanites when they invaded Zara- 
hemla. Its exact boundaries are not defined; imlecd, it is 
altogether i)robable that they varied considerably at dilferont 
periods of Nephite history. However, it is evident that it 
was (ho most southerly of all the lands inhabited by the 
Nephites, in the western half of the South American continent, 
after they had moved from tlie laud of No|)hi. 

(ili>i;ii\. — Li a valley on the east of the Sidon was built, 
during the early days of the republic, an important city, 
which was named after the martyr, Gideon. The valley itself 

• The figures refer to ri.ngc9 in the Book of .Monuon, new edition. 



■f 





J-TJ-VEHsrXLE IlsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



S3 




was also known by the same name, and is freiiuently called the 
land of Gideon, for we find no evidence to lead to the conclu- 
sion that the land extended beyond the valley. Nearly all 
that we know of this region is contained in a t-ingle pas- 
sage {Alma ri. 7), which states that Alma left Zarahemla and 
"went over upon the cast of the river Sidon, into the valley 
of Gideon, there having been a city built which was called the 
city of Gideon, which was in the valley that was called 
Gideon, being called after the man who was slain by the hand 
of Nehor with the sword." 

From the references in the historical narrative we incline to 
the opinion that this valley lay either directly east, or some- 
what to the south of the city of Zarahemla. Travelers coming 
from the north are never mentioned as passing through it on 
their way to Zirahemla, without they had a purpose in so 
doing, as in the case where Moroni marched from the north- 
east to the relief of Chief Judge Pahoran (Alma l.cii). 
[To he Coittinuril.) 



LETTER TO THE BOYS. 




Salt Lake City, 

January 1.3th, ISSO. 
■ A. W. Eeynolds' letter I merely acknowledged in the 
last issue, as it came too late for an answer. I feel great 
interest in him because he tells me he has lost his mother by 
death. Dear boy, you have ray deep sympathy. Friends may 
supply the places of some relatives but never that of a mother. 
Yet, do not mourn; she still lives, and I must believe that 
the spirit of your mother will never caase to watch over the 
children she left behind her in this mundane sphere. 

Press on, and determine that you will add to her happiness 
even in the spirit world, where she now resides, by being just 
as good as you know how to be. 

You say, ''since that time my father has sent me to school." 

Kind and wise father! Be good and dutiful to him, and 
return his kindness by your love and obedience. 

Study hard and you will yet stand among the ranks of the 
chosen ones. 

William Wallace Rubey's letter I think T received 
after the others had gone to press. It is very interesting and 
instructive; I have read it with delight and edification. lam 
naturally fond of exploring great and grand old ruins. Such 
have ever been to me "sermons in stones," and they do, 
indeed, speak volumes to a mind prepared to receive their 
impressions. Whatever our age, the child that still lingers in 
our nature rises up and asserts its simplicity and its humility ; 
and for the time being we arc renewed in the spirits of our 
minds; and the earthly dross that clings about us is thrown 
off, and we feel it has been good for us to h:ivo been there. 

Continue your camments, for such are beneficial to all who 
read them. 

I have received letters from BvnoN H. .\LM',Ki>, Jit., and 
Hugh Lavelle PiiiiV. The .■spirit of these Utters is excellent, 
and does credit to the youths who penned them. I wish you 
to remember that when persons write for the press, they 
should write only on one side of the sheet. Bear this in 
mind, boc:inse it is essential. 

I think B. 11. A. has tiogun early to walk in the right 
path, being, as he says, not yet eleven years of ago. T would 
say, go on dear boy, and continue in well-doing and ymi will find 
you will incroa'-e in knowledge, wisdom ami underst^indlng in 
a way that will be marvelous, even to yourself, and will be a testi- 
mony to you that the Spirit of God is inspiiiiigyou d:iy by day. 



I will say to you both, read the histories of nations, and 
the biographies of great men and women, those who have been 
benefactors to the human family in many ways. Such reading 
will strengthen your minds and expand your hearts, and de- 
stroy all contracted views of nations, and peoples of all classes 
and sects. Latter-day Saints should ever be liberal and generous. 

In reading, keep some paper and a pencil beside you, and 
when you meet with a passage that is good and impresses 
j'ou, record it on your paper. This mode will strengthen your 
memory and assist you in modelling your own character after 
a good pattern. 

Hugh Lavelle Rubey's letter came to me in a sad, greasy 
condition. It seemed that the oil from the lamp had been 
fpilled on it. This spoiled the look of the letter, and that 
was not all. If it was in that condition when he mailed it, it 
was impolite to send it. No gentleman should send a letter in 
such a state to a lady, nor, indeed, to anyone. 

I feel you have had good parents, by what you say ; and 
pray attend to their good advice and obey it. 

Ever your friend, 

Hannah T. King. 



ittttrs |From fljlje tiogs. 



f 



^ 



Springvjlle, Utah, 

December 21, 1880. 

^frs. Hannah T. King, 

Dear Sistek: — I make my lirst attempt to write 
a short piece for the Juvenile. I have just been reading my 
brother's letter, which encourages me to write one. I hope you 
will excuse me if I make any blunders, this being my first attempt. 

I have thought many times of writing a letter to you, and now 
do my best. 

I felt truly happy when I read the letters from others, and feel 
it my duty to do something to keep up the correspondence. 

I have been born and reared in the midst of Israel, and have 
parents who have taught me to be honest and uiiright, and to 
honor and obey the priesthood that is placed over us. 

We, as children of the Latter-day Saints, do not realize the 
privileges that we enjoy; we shouli feel truly thankful for all 
the blessings of the present day. 

I feel that we, as young men, should begin to do something 
towards rolling on this work. This is the liingdom of God set 
up in the last days never more to be thrown down. This is the 
dispensation of the fullness of times, and an age of progression ; 
therefore, I feel like doing my part towards advancing the truth. 

I will earnestly await your letters, and subscribe myself, 
Your brother in the gospel, 

Hugh Lavelle Euhey. 



Garden City, Kirn Co., Utah, 

January 0, 1881. 
Mm. Iliinniili T. Khi;i. 

Dear Sistek:— As I am one of the boys, I thoucht 
1 would pen yon a few lines in reply to yours of December 10, ]8is(). 
You Wiinted to know what books we like to read best. I like 
to read the Book of Mormon, the Ixstructor and all the 
Church works, with which I am well supplied by my kind ami 
thoughtful parents. 

I am not yet eleven 'years of age. I belong to the Priiiuiry 
Association, and I lovo to attend our meetings. I want to kee)i 
tlie commandnunts of the Lord, that I may become a useful 
member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day ^aints. 

I hope you will continue to write to us, that we may hear often 
IVoni you. I love to read your letters, Ihcreforo I anxio\isly wait 
for ihe lu'xt issuer of the Instructor. 

I rcnuiin your Ijrother in the gospc'l, 

BVRON II. Allred, Jr 





24 



J-XJ-^TEItTIILE IInTSTIRTJOTOIu. 




COME RALLY ROUND THE SUNDAY SCHOOL. 



Words by Wm. Willes. 
Come ral 



round 



Music bv J. S. Lewis. 
daj' school, Where peace and love and 




or - der rule; Where j'outh 

— ] \— 



and 



-Ji— ;t-Ji 



iin 



et Fi 



ion meet iHir innocence- 



j"*-- ^. 



safe retreat. 



=|i=at 



; or - der rule; Where youth and 



— ) 1 — m-^-^ — m--^ * — »* » — ^- »i — o — 1 — « — e^— .». —1 1 — £ g,. 



j 
in 

-I* 



_l 

ion meet For innoG<>nco — a 



safe retreat. 




^^ 



Come ral - ly round, Come ral - ly round, Come rally round the Sunday school 
Where peace and love, Where peace and love 



-r^ 



:^^r:S=S:iSi 



-Jt^^i 



Where peace and love and order rule. 

)S n— <*— 1^--**— ^" 1^— ) — (*— «-f=2 n 

iS- T-H — 1 1 1— ^-a» — — >• — a» — I 






'Tis here a flood of gospel ii.a;lit 
Pours its bright rays upon our sight; 
AVe joyful mingle in the throng 
In prayer and praise and sacred song. 



'Tis here we gain instruction good, 
That's sweeter than our daily food ; 
We learn to love and speak the truth, 
And practice it in early youth. 



FEAR NOT TO BE HONEST, 
AfY SON. 




Come hither, my son. and sit rlown by my side — 

Hear a father's ailviee civ wp p:irl; 
Yoii are leaving your e^nnitry witli no other guide 

Than 11 buoyant and liopi-ful young heart. 
The worlii lies b.-fore you, its vices and snares, 

Its honors, l.)ng sought for ere won; 
Thnn with thy first sti-p towards its pleasures or cares, 

Fear not to be honest, my son. 

Yoiir path will be rugged, because you are poor, 

Yf't be not di<hi'urti'ticd. my lad; 
It has been the hard fortune of millions before, 

.Vnd may n^it be always so bad. 
Go forward iiiidaiintfd, with right fir your aim, 

no well all that is U> be doni-; 
And though it should bring down contempt on your name. 

Fear not to be lionest, my sr.n. 

The hniighty may scr.rn yon. tho lieartloss deride, 

Thi- mighty 'elf-rightfon* iiondi'mn: 
Never mind, if you've honr.r and truth on your cide, 

You will lind faithful champions in them" 
In this every-ilay world. Ihcn. are cliarms, latent charms, 

To a lifi' that is rightly begun; 
Uprightness, fierce hatred ami m.alioo disarms — 

Fear not to be honest, my son. 

Seek not the cold smile of the lords of the land. 

Because thev are wealthy an-' great; 
If worthy and honest, unllinchingly stand 

Hv men of the lowest estate. 



Beneath a rude garb keep a bosom' of love, 

'Tis a pearl to he prized when it's won; 
In whatever station or sphere you may move. 

Fear not to be honest, my son. 

Be not too confiding, it ma.y not be wise; 

For sojourn wherever you may, 
There are wolves in sheep's clothing, false knaves in disguise, 

AVho make the unguarded their prey. 
Resolve, be your watchword, and wis<iom 3'our guide, 

Do good where 'er good can be done; 
In vour dealings with others, whate'er may betide. 

Fear not to be honest, my son. 

The home of your childhood, its straw-covered porch. 

Where the woodbine exuberant creeps; 
The valley, the village and elm-shaded church, 

The grave where your dear mother sleeps — 
All these, at the dawn, will receive your farewell, 

And remember you'll thence be alciio! 
Good foriune attend you, wherever 3"ou dwell, 

God bless you— be honest, my sun. 

JXJVEISriXiE IIvrSTI?.TJGTOR. 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIUST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



OEORGK Q. CANNON, 



• EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 

Sint;h' C(ii>}l, prr Ayinnm, - - - $2.00. 
i»-Olfice. South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks "Wes 
of Tabernacle, Suit Lake City. 




