^ 



f^Qliiuss U i\}t ^Qx)i\ 



m 




VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1871. 



NO. 8. 



OIPEITIITa- OIP THIE STJEZ aJ^l^TJ^T^. 



s 



WE give herewith to our readers an engraving of the opening 
of the Suez Canal, which was formally opened, with reli- 
gious and other imposing ceremonies, to the commerce of the 
world on Tuesday, November 16th, 1869. A procession, con- 
sisting of fifty vessels, was formed, which effected the passage 
of the Canal on the 18th of November. In the procession and 
leading it were the .steam yachts of the Empress of the French 
and the Emperor of Austria ; they were followed by that of the 
Viceroy of Egypt, a Russian and Prussian vessel-of-war and 
various passenger steamboats. The procession was pOoted 
from the end of the canal at the Mediterranean Sea to Suez on 
the Red Sea. 

The isthmus 
through which this 
canal runs is about 
seventy-five mi 1 e s 
broad and separates 
the Mediterranean 
Sea from the Red 
Sea. It is this isth- 
mus which connect- 
ed the continents of 
^Lsia and Africa. 
Now that this canal 
is cut Africa is an 
island, being entire- 
ly surrounded by 
water. It is sup- 
po.scd, from the 
character cif the land 
of which this isth- 
mus is fcirmed, that 
at one time the two 
.seas whiili it now 
dividi's wcri' united. 

An <ild (smal once loniiectcd the Nile with the gulf of Suez, and 
siinie traces (jf it still renjain. Napoleon the First Eniiicmr, 
I)rr)jected a canal across the isthmus of Suez, but though tlie 
idea attracted considerable attention, nothing was done towards 
carrj-ing it out until lately. Li 18.')2, M. do Lcssep.s, a French 
engineer, commenced to form a joint stock couii)any to cut a 
ship c.inal on this route, and after considerable labor and the 
ixpimliturc of a large anjount of money, lived to see liis wcirk 
(•(iin|ilit<'(l, the c;inal n|icMi(d and ships s.iiling on itswat<'rs from 
HiN-i to sea. Tlie canal is about ninety njilis lung, '.V.',» feet wide 
nil the surface and in twenty feet deep at Inw water level of the 
.^^■dit<■^■anean. 



Shijis which sail upon this canal have ta.])ay toll according to 
their size for its use. If you wUl look at your maps you will 
see the advantage of going by way of this canal from Europe to 
Asia and especially to India. Instead of taking a long and 
tedious voyage around the continent of Africa, doubluig the 
Cape of Good Hope, a vessel can sail up the Mediterranean Sea, 
pass through the Canal into the Gulf of Suez, thence down the 
Red Sea into the Arabian Sea or into the Indian Ocean. JIaiiy 
vessels now take this route to the East Indies and to China; 
but not so many as was anticipated would .saO by it when it was 
dug. Still, it is a great wiirk, and may yet exert a very imiior- 
tant influence upon the conmierce of the world. 

In the picture are 
seen the magnificent 
tents and caneijies 
under which the 
Viceroy of Egypt 
inter ta in ed his 
quests. You can 
distinguish the ful- 
lowers of Mnhani- 
iiied by their tur- 
laiis, their Incise 
flowing robes and 
their style of sitting. 
Their dress is much 
I'H'lur and better 
ipted to the cli- 
mate in which they 
live than ours would 
III'. It is a more 
.iiirii'iit fashion al.so 
than the coats and 
pantaloons which 
men in I'lnmpe and 
America wearYand probably as fir back as the times ol' .Vlini- 
{ ham and the 2)atriarcliH the dress was very simil.-ir to that now 
worn ill the countries where they lived. A iieoplc who wivir 
such loo.se robes can not be .so (juick and lively in their motions 
as those who dress as we do. It would be a great cmb.irniss- 
inent to a nervous, exeit.ible American to wear a dress like tho.se 
we .see in the i)ieture. The Turks and the other pe<iplu who 
wear this dress are very .slow and stately in their movement.s. 
They look with contrmpt upon those who hurry and get ex- 
cit<'d while their slow, jililcgmatie and indolent method of 
doing business is a great trial to tie' patieiiee of Americans ami 
Kuroiieans. 




m^ 



■ft*es 



ii 



I 



^ 



58 J- XT "7" E ISr I L E I HST ST E,TJ O T O E,, 



[For the Juvenile Tnxfrucior. 



CIlSriT^B^IE^ ITO 1. 



MKHt'UHV is now auumi: the homo |irodiu-t,-< of Utah, vcri 
table i|uii-ksilvor may be soi-n, as ailvertised, at tho offiir 
of the Sah I*ike fJerahl. And. such a tino s|icnim'n of native 
L'iunabar; even the famous ■"Ahiiaili'n" eaniiDt exhibit finer 
tints of rieh vermilion where the einnabar is seen. 

For a long time the .^luseum has had a specimen of Cinnabar, 
in fact two varieties of that mineral, supposed to be native, 
besides a specimen from California ; but great care is necessary 
in determining the locality from which minerals are sent; this 
Li also £rue of fossils, or, the public may be misled. 

One specimen is a verj* fine scarlet, the other is of a more 
soml re color, by way of distinction, the first is called '"Cinna- 
bar," the other "hepatic" Cinnabar, on account of it,s liver 
color. Both are, however, ores of mercurj', the first is a toler- 
ably pure sulphii'e of that metal, the other ha.s some oxide of 
iron and other impurities in combination. 

There are several forms in which mercury is found: merciiry 
and .sulphur (Cinnabar,) native amalgam (Mercury and Silver,) 
horn mercur>' (Mercur>', Oxygen, Jluriatic acid, and sulphuric 
acid,) also as the metal mercuiy, as stated iu a former article. 

The analy.-'is of these ores is simple, however as we are treat- 
ing on the sulphides, we will confine ourselves to Cinnabar. 
If we only want to determine the fact of the existence of mer- 
cury in the ore, soda with the a.ss;iy on charcoal will reduce the 
metal by the blowpipe. IJy the humid moile the pulverized 
ore dis.solves in muriatic acid, s;iy one hundred grains to ten 
times its weight of acid with a few drops of nitric acid added 
now and ihen to facilitate the dissolution. When all action 
ceases, pour off the dear liipiid; this contains the metal, the 
residuum contains the sulphur, which may be wjishcil, dried and 
weighed. To prove hnw much of this is sulphur, burn it, aiid 
weigh the remainder, this may be done in the bowl of a tobacco 

Tlie clear liipiiir Ml ly now 1m- tested by placing a little in a 
small test tuln.-, if the tim-ture of nut-galls is used, should iron 
lie pre.sont. a dark pa-cipitatc will fall. The clean .slip of iron 
will show a dejmsit of metallic copper on tl)e surface. Should 
these mclnl.s Ih- present the .separa'ion of the iron is effected by 
evaporating the ui:tss to ilryne».-i, <it a loio trtit/xTntiin; for tin: 
muriate of nien'urj' is dissipated by heat. The dry ma.ss may 
now be dissolved in /«(/■»■ water which will dis.sulve the salt.s of 
inen-iini- and copper ; the iron remaining as a per-oxidi-. ]{y 
I'lririnL' a clean plate of iron in Itic .solution and standing the 
ronlaining vessi-l nn a stove at a gentle hiat, the copper and 
mereurj- will lie pn'eipiUited. This precipitate may then be 
wa.-ihcil, drierl and weiglied, in the usual way ; and, by heating 
to redness, the ni<Tcurj' may !«; driven off. The volatile metal 
(ipiick.silver) may, howevi-r Ix- collected, a.s i.-xplaincd in fonuer 
artii-li-.s, viz. by c.iu<iiig the vap'ir of the niet;il to p.iss through 
n tulx; under water into whiidi the met.il will fall when con- 
den.icil. 

In the art^ all this tpjuble is not tikcn, the Cinnabar is 
mixed with iron filing-i, or with lime an<l ilistilled in iron 
retorts. Then the sulphur of the ore combines with the iron 
or the lime, .setting the nieud fn;e as a vapor, which is con- 
dcn.-ted in a cold chamber to the metallic stutc. But an ama- 
teurs this ni.iy not lie convenient. Suppo.sc then that a piece of 
our native Cinnabar is placed in the b<iwl of a tobacco pipe, 
luted in with ilay. On carefully heating the bowl in 



the fire, the metal in vapor will pass off through tlie tube 
and may be colleeted in one of the copper capsules used for 
cartridiics. 

Now ( 'inn ibai- is one among the list of sulphides that a great 
deal may be .said about, on account of its importance in the arts. 
A host of spectra rise before the mind, wlien we think about 
(luicksilver, as mirrors, thermometers, barometers, amalgams, 
alloys, the reduction of the precious metals (a very important 
item to us as a people just now) and many other things neces- 
sary to be known, nouo.ssitatcs a sceoud article on Cinnabar and 
its u.ses. 

Betii. 



iFiOTionsr 



KeJjil before a vieetiiig of the Younr] Ladles' Cooperiilive 

Jietrtnchment Association of the 2{)th Ward, Salt Lake City. 
YOUNII K:VDIES— 

The subject of this article is fiction, a kind of reading 
too much iudidged in by the ytiuiig jieople of this Territory, and 
which calls loudly ftir retrenchment. 

3Iost of us, now associated in this organization, have the 
honor of having been Ixirii in the Church, and jirofess to be 
liatter-day Saints, and ought t<i realize the importance of s])cnd- 
iiig our time in a more iirofitablc manner than novel reading. I 
I>lead guilty myself of havuig read more of that .sort than I 
should, and know from experience, that it is very injurious, 
not only as waste of time, ■which iireveiits reflections ou the 
great truths which God is revealing ; but by exciting the feel- 
ings and unfitting us for that which is noble and exalting. 

I''icti<JT; feeds the imagination and carries us away from real 
life as it exists and as we shall have to meet it, initil realities 
grow distasteful and we do not relish them. In consequence of 
this, many grow di.scontented with the common lot of life and 
become careless and indifferent. I believe that many a jioor 
woman in the world, has ruined her health by [lining and fret- 
ting over her sujiposed hard lot — waiting and watching for 
•oMietluMg that would never come if she should live to the age 
of .^Iethuselah — .she concludes that lifo is a nii.serable niistiiku 
and there is nothing worth living for; and all through a dis- 
ordered imagination juMduced by novels. 

We have no excuse for such folly — we have every opportun- 
ity, if we will improve it, to K'ani the object of our existence — 
that life is a noble mission ami that the .sormws we have to 
eiiclure are nothing when compared with the glorious reward 
whii-h awaits th<ise who lionnr their present being. 

(iirls, do not siy that you cannot give up novel reading. It 
is wiirlli the trial. 1 spiak from ex])('ricnce. Cultivate the 
habit of reading, and reail books that will instruct and benefit 
you. Tiny m.iy .seem cby at first, but if you will p;'rsevere, 
yciu will .siKin learn to like ancl appreciate them, so nnich so, 
that fiction will .seem disgusting to you. Instead of wasting 
precious lime on tnish, h^t us devote; it to .storing our mincls 
with usi'ful knowliidge. \a'X us study the laws of health and 
abide by tlnjm. Let us read the works that treat on our reli- 
gion and gain a ihorough knowledge of what we profess. It is 
our duty to do s<i if we intend to be anything more than vain, 
pieasun'-seeking .scIicmiI girls. Let us rather strive to bce<inie 
true, useful women and worthy of being callecl daughters of 
Zion, ancl never allow ourselves t<i »;iy I cannot clo this or that 
whenever cluly pmmpt.s. I tnist that most if not all of us have; 
sufficient lirnmess of cliaracter Ut keep a goocl resolve: ancl to 
c-:irr>' out the noble resolutions we have subscribed to. 

K. Fowler. 



B.VSE all your actions upon the principle of right. Preserve 
your int<'grity of characf<'r, and never reckon the cost. 






l/« 



J- TJ "V^ E nsr I L E I35rSTI2.TJOTOI?/. 



59 



. n 



TSTOI?.'^' OIF 

G H XJ !?> O HI. 

(Conimiied.) 



THE 



FROM Quincy President Young, as well as tlio main body of 
the Church, moved up the Mississippi River to Commerce, 
a small town which had been laid out, but at which very few 
people lived. The Prophet had succeeded in purchasing the 
site, and he there laid out the city of Nauvoo. Brother Brig^- 
hani and several of the Twelve Apostles found some old bar- 
racks at Montrose, a little town on the ojiposite side of the river 
from Nauvoo, into which they moved their ftimilies. It having 
been concluded to issue a periodical called the "Times and Sea- 
sons" at Nauvoo, President Young with the Twelve prepared 
an epistle ' 'To the Elders of the Church of Jesus Chi-ist of 
Latter-day Saints, to the churches scattered abroad, and to all 
the Saints," to be published in the first number. This was a 
very valuable and instructive document, and must have had a 
cheering and consolatory effect ujjon tho.se unto whom it was 
addressed. Among other precious instructions they said : 

"Bring no railing accusation against your brethren, especially take 
care that 3-ou do not agauist the authorities or elders of the Cliurch, 
for the principle is of the devil ; he is called the accuser of the breth- 
ren; and Michael, the archansrcl, dared not brmg a railing accusation 
against the devil, hut said, 'The Lord rebuke thee, Satan ;' and any 
man who pursues this course of accusation and murmurmg, will fall 
into the snare of the devil, and apostatize, except he repent. " 

We single out this item of instruction for our readers to pon- 
der upon and remember, because it is a sin into which many 
people fall without thinking that it will lead them out of the 
Church. It is a common practice among men, but Latter-day 
Saints should be careful to avoid it ; for when indulged in, it is 
a sure sign of apostasy. 

The Prophet Joseph had taken the sick into his house and 
door-yard until his house was like an hospital, and he had 
attended upon them until he was taken sick himself and was 
confined to his bed. This was in Julj', 1839. He had been 
thus prosti-ated several days when the power of God rested upon 
him and he arose from his bed. He commenced in his own 
house and door-yard, commanding the sick, in the name of Jesus 
Christ, to arise and be made whole, and they were healed 
according to his word. He then contumed to travel from house 
to house and from tent to tent upon the bank of the river, heal- 
ing the sick as he went. When he arrived at the upper stone- 
house, he crossed the river in a boat accompanied by several of 
the Twelve Apostles, and landed at Montrose. He walked into 
the cabin where President Young was lying sick, and command- 
ed him, in the name of Jesus Christ, to ari.se and be made 
whole. He did arise and was healed, and he followed the Pro- 
phet and the Apo.stles into the house of Elijah Fordham, who.se 
family and friends suppo.sed he was dying. The prophet Jo.seph 
stepped t'j his bedside, took him by the hand and connnanded 
hirn, in the name of Jesus Christ to arise and be made whole. 
His voice was as the voice of (iod. Brother Fordham innne- 
diately leaped from his bed, (sdled for his clothing and follcjwcd 
the brethren into the .stniet. Tlicy thi;ri went t<j the house of 
Joseph H. Nolile, who also lay very sick, and h<i was healed in 
the same manner ; and when, \>y the power of (iud granted unto 
him, the Prophet Jo.seph had healed all the sick, he re-crossed 
the river and returned to his iionie. 

This was a day never to bo forgotten, fliP God's jiowcr was 
manifested in a vcrj' extraordinary manner. Sickness was 
verj' prevalent among the people, parlly due; to the hardshijis 
and jirivations they had endured in being driven away fixim 
their homes in Mi.s.srjuri, and jiarlly due to the sickly character 
of the place where they lived. Hut tiiid liad nicny niioii the 
jMf)|)Ie, and many were restored to life and health who were 
sick unto death. 

When th(! month of September came Brother Brighnm waw 
ready to start on his mission to England; but he had been 



again seized with sickness, and his health was so poor that he 
was unable to go thirty rods to the river without assistance. 
Not only was he and the other brethren in poor health, but they 
were in very poor circumstances. The only covering he had for 
his head was a doth cap which Sister Young made for him out 
of a pair of worn-out jiantaloons. He had no overcoat ; but in 
lieu of that he had a quilt which had been taken from his chil- 
dren's bed, through wliich a comforter was run to fasten it on. 
This was the condition he was in when he started to fill his 
mission in a land five thousand miles distant, and what was 
true of him in this respect was trae of all the rest of the Apos- 
tles. They had been robbed of their possessions, and driven 
forth destitute from the State of Missouri, and themselves and 
their families were in extreme poverty. Yet the thought of not 
filling their missions never entered into their hearts ; thoy had 
been called to go across the great waters, and they knew that 
He who had given them this mission was able to help them ful- 
fill it. The Lord did open their way in a most wonderful man- 
ner. When Brothers Young and Kimball got into the stage at 
a town in Indiana, they knew how small an amount of money 
they had, and they did not expect to be able to ride but a short 
distance. But after riding to the place where they had to pay 
their passages, they found they had sufficient moue.v to take 
their journey to another place. When they arrived there they 
stOl had means to take them further ; and so it was from town 
to town, Brother Brigham found money in his trunk which 
neither he nor Brother Heber had ever put there. When they 
arrived at Kirtland President Young looked over theu- expen- 
ses, and found that they had paid over $87,00 out of the $13,50 
which they had at Pleasant Grove, the town in Indiana at which 
they first took stage. How was this? you may ask. The ex- 
planation is simple. The Lord had multiplied their moncj' as 
he did the widow's meal and oil, of which we read in the Bible 
Kings XVII chapter, 10-17 verses. 

From Kirtland Brother Brigham went to Fairport, where he 
and the other brethren took steamer to Buffalo New York. 
At various places in the States of New York, Mas.sachusett>s 
and Connecticut, as at other places in the States through which 
they passed, they preached whenever they could get an oppor- 
tunity, and were the means of doing much good. About the 
last of January President Young arrived at the city of New 
York, and from that time until the ninth of Jlarch when him- 
self, Brothers H. C. Kimball, Parley and Orson Pratt, Geo. A. 
Smith and Reuben Hedlock took passage on the packet shiji, 
Patrick Henrj', he preached in that city and neighborhood. 
On the sixth of April, 1840, they landed at Liveriiool, England. 
So jojdiU did President Young feel upon reachi[ig the field of 
labor to which he had been sent, that when he landed on the 
shore he gave a loud .shout fif ho.s;inna. lie felt and said that 
the power of Satan by which they had been so afflicted with 
sickness and di.sease frcnn the time they started, was broken; 
and it was verily so, for from that day up to the time of their 
return to Nauvoo, they were free from the attacks of di.sease. 
( 7'o be colli inucd.) 



THE greatest luxury of wealth is one the rich little avail 
themselves of — the pleasure of making the pnor happy. 



IMKN honor .sincerity, and the creed of every cliiiu' is this: 
" An honest man is the noblest woik of God. " 



The highest genius never fluweiv in .satire; Imt eiiiiiiinates 
with that which is best in human nature. 



Liv(^ within .vour im^ans, if Vnu wnuld have means within 
which to live. 






^^^ 



THINK h.ippy thought.M, and a .smiling fiico reveals them. 



•fi 



iJi' 



^ 



GO 



* 



a"TJ^En^IIL.E insrSTI^TJOTOI^- 



(^ 

c'^. 



®t0 Su{f$ttll$ iti^lracfop* 



^ 



f 
tf 



CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1871. 




NEW era appears to be dawning upon 
the people of Utah, in ■which the people 
will proi^per so far as worldly means is 
dnicerned and the business of the Ten-i- 
tory be enlarged to an extent not heroto- 
9 lore known among us. Up to within a 
lew years we have been a poor peojile ; 
our enemies would not suffer us to become 
much att;»ched to i)roperty, fur they would 
not suffer us to keep it. They would drive 
from it. Our trials as a peoi)lo, therefore, 
have been principally those produced by jioverty. 
But we are to be tried in all things, and, sooner 
or later, we must be tested by ))rosi)erity and 
jilonty. ^lany people who remained laithfid 
Latter-day Saint.s while they were jioor, njay 
be unable to stand whcTi they are rich. Riches has a 
verj- corrupting effect ujion the human heart, and it 
rc<|uires a very pure people to be as honest, virtuous, 
humble and ujiright when surrounded l)y luxury and 
wealth as when they are in j>oor and destitute circum- 
Yef the Lord has .>i;iid that the riches of the earth arc 
his ; He has promi.sed to give the earth and the dominion there- 
of to his Saints. But He will not give these to his people to 
destroy them. No; they must learn to u.se but not to abuse 
those blessings. They must not i>ut their heart.s upon them, or 
be cftmipted by them. ]{ut how can the Saints be .sjived from 
tbi.s? If other people and nations have been corrupted by 
wejilth and luxury and gone to destruction, is there not daii.ger 
of the L;itter-d;i.v Saints meeting with a .similar fate when they 
become richV If they were to feel and act as many other peo- 
ple, there would be great danger of their going as they have 
gone and an; going. Hut the Lord lias reveided the gospel to 
.save them from this fate. Revelations were given to the Pro- 
phet Jo.seph which if the l>eople will obey, will .s;ive them from 
the evils which have eomc uiH>n other peoj)le and nations who 
have iKioonie rich and powerful. The.se revelations teach us that 
we niu.st not place our hearts ujwn riches; l)Ut hold all that we 
liave subject to the Jyird and the counsel which He gives 
through His .s<T\'ant.s. Where a people dn this there is no 
danger of wealth beenniing a snare to them. They are not sel- 
fish or gra.'^ping ; they <Io not worship it ; but (he love of the 
J/inl and the doing of His will are uppermost witli them. 

Children, leani to feel thus while ynu are young. It is 
imiNirtaiit that ynu .should. Not many years hence and .vou 
will \m: men anil wonii'n. Y'm will liave property. You will 
Ih! in a jMisition to do griMt gfKKl or great evil. But if you 
always rememlM'r that vnur live.s, your ability, the fmd you eat, 
the water you drink, the clothes you wear, the earth you tread, 
iho air you l)reathe, are all the Lord's, you may Ikj useful. 01' 
itmrse if you know that all these things are the lyinl's, and 
that He ha.H placed His .s«T\-ant,H to teach .vou His will you will 
dn what He tells you, through tho.nc .sori-ants, with the means 
that you m.ay have. Tln'U wheth<T you are rich or |i<«pr will 
make no <liff.'n'nec. All your pnipcrl}', whether much or little, 
will b.' dis)MiseiI of by you as He may dictate. You will look 
upon .vour-k'lvcs as .stewards, and if .vou liave a hundred dollars 
in your hands, j-ou will .say thi.s is the Lord's and if He want.s 



it. He can have it. If you have a million dollars, you will feel 
the s;iine. And where people have this feeling, riches cannot 
hurt them. Latter-day Saints must have this kind of faith 
and feeling, or they cannot bmld up Zion and be the people the 
Lord is desirous thev should be. 



THE HDEOEITiFXJXj I^LTJlvdlS, 



TWO travelers were once exploring the ea.steni .shore of the 
Dead Soa, when they saw before them a fine plum-tree, 
loaded with blooming fruit. 

"Let us see who reaches the tree first," s;iid one traveler to 
the other. I'ressing forward eagerly, animated by the hope of 
the delicious, cooling fruit, they reached it at the same time, 
and snatching each a fine ripe plum, i)roceeded at once to eat 
them. But instead of the cooling juices, the}' found their 
mouths filled with bitter, biting du.st. O sui'h a coughing and 
cleariug of mouth and throat as followed ! But, withal, it was 
long bell ire the nauseous taste was removed. Then they found 
that the.v had come upon the famous Dead Sea ajiltle ; who.se 
existence has been often doubted ; but no doubt would exist 
henceforth in their minds of its reality. 

Just like this Dead Sea fruit is the plea.surc which Satan 
offers the wrong-doer. It ajipears very beautiful in the dis- 
tance, and is easy to win. Men struggle and hasten to seize it, 
but, when it is reached, it turns to ashes and bitterness. 

1 >id .vou ever have a hapi\v day when playing truant from 
■school'? Did .vou ever enjoy any ])le,a.sure when .vou knew you 
were disobeying .vour parents'/ Did you ever commit sin of 
an.v kind without having more pain and unca.siness than .satis- 
iliction'/ Pleasures .vou expect from sin, may be fair ouLside, 
like the deceitful jilunis; Imt, like them, the taste gives no real 
gratification, and if sin be per.sistcd in, mi.sery and severe pun- 
ishment are sure to follow. 



OBEDIENCE TO Pi\-RENTS.—Tlic apostle 1'auls.a.vs; 
''Children, obe.v .your parents in the I./ord, for this is right. 
Honor thy lather and mother, (which is the first cononandnient 
with promise,) that it may be well with thee, and thou mayest 
live long on the earth. " 

Children, you should always endeavor to honor .vour j)arents, 
by thinking and .sj)eaking id' them, and to them, with respect; 
and, above all, you should honor them by acknowledging their 
authority, and rendering iminilit obedience toward nupiiro- 
ment.s. Nothing is more beautiful than to .see children i)n>n]i)tly 
and (heerfnlly obeying their jiarents, thereby aiknowledging 
the Jiarents' right to conjujand, and their right to obey. 

The real cause of all true obedience is love. If a child levies 
its parents, it will <ibey them ; and the child (hat does not ol)(\v 
its pari'nts, does not love them. You can never do (oo much 
(iir .Vour father and mother. They have toiled iiir .vou and cared 
for you when you could not care iiir yourselves, and now .voU 
should be attentive and kind, affectionate and obedient to them, 
and endeavor in some measure, at least, to r<:pay their kindness 
and loving care. 



.MB. SCI I KHOLl*, a Bohemian, residing hi Ohio, has a Bible 
printed one hundred a?id lifly years ago. It was the Jiroperly 
ol' his gnindl'ather, who was a l'rot<'stant. During one of the 
persecutions in Bohemia, the iiea.sjinls Wi^re ri'quiriMl, by law 
to deliver up every Bible to be burnt. IMrs. Sehebold jilaci'd 
hiTS in the center of some dough which was ready fiir the oven, 
and baked it. Tin; house was c'jirel'ully si'arched over, but the 
Jiibli! was not found. When the daiigiT was passed, the Bible 
Was taken uninjured fnuii the loaf, where it had been safely 
concealed. 



M 



'^*A' 






.^f 




CTTJlTElSrirjE IIsrSTI^TJGTOI?.. 



BEIFOI^E THE "Wj^I^/. 



WE give lierewith an engraving of a review by Louis Napo- 
leon, the late Emperor of the French, in the presence of a 
large number of distinguished personages, civil and military, of 
a squadron of cavalry which acted as his body guard and was 
known as the Cent-Gardes. The review took jJace previous to 
the late war bet 
ween France and 
Prussia, and when 
tliat war was not 
expected by the 
public at large 
This body of caval 
ry was reviewed on 
the occasion t( 
which we refer ii 
the Palace of In 
dustry, near Pari^ 
There we r e one 
hundred in t h i 
troop, and they 
were picked men 
and their hor s e .-■ 
were also the best 
that could be found. 
Their dut.v was tc 
guard the Emperor 
and Empress, and 
on all state occa- 
sions they were near the imperial carriages. The Cent-Gardes 
were quartered, during Napoleon's time, at the Tuilcries, the 
palace at which the Emperor resided. The men led an easy, 
jovial life, and they were well paid for the light duties that 
were required of them. But the war has altered all this. 

How great the changes which have occurred in France since 
the day this review took place ! Louis Napoleon, his wife 
p]ugeiiie and their son, are now exiles in a foreign land, and 
France — beautiful France is almost prostrated and crushed 





under the iron heel of the conquering Prussians, and what is 
still worse, is torn with dissensions and civil war ! On that 
day, in the Palace of Lidustry, could the then Emjieror have 
had a vision of the occurrences of the next few months 
and known it was true, he would have shuddered with 

horror and would, 
jirobably have been 
Inimbl e d to the 
dust. But in the 
stren g t h o f his 
pri de he never 
dreamed of the near 
approach of such 
dreadful disasters 
and such a terrible 
overthrow as await- 
ed him. He was 
then the leading 
monarch of Europe. 
The nations listen- 
ed to his utterances 
with respect, some- 
times with fear. 
Even the exjires- 
sionsof his facewere 
watehed, for he was 
a great power in the 
earth,and peace and 
war were, apparently, under his control. Like Nebuchadnezzar, 
however, he has been thrust forth from his high estate, he has 
lost his power, his kingdom and the reverence of his people. 
Probably there never was a greater and more striking instance 
of sudden reverse, of a man being cast down from the highest 
pinnacle of earthly fame to the lowest depths, than in the 
case of Louis Najioleon, ex-Eni])eror of the French. His 
life and downfall should teach mankind the necessity of bemg 
humble. 



TTiEi ivniijic cj^nsr oip sti?.j^sbotjk.C3-. 



I AM only going to try and tell the children a story while they jealous of any alilc-bodied man leaving the city; and, secondly, 
make themselves snug by the fire, and think how comfortable '■ to jjass through the Prussian sentries. 
it is to be safe from the moaning wind. You have all heard of j Every day made their position worse. Tlie Prussian batteries 
the te^rrible war between Franc* and Prussia; and how, at last, had o])i'ned fire on the forts, and though as yet the.v tried to 
the famous old city of Strasbourg surrendered under brave Gen. spare the town, yet a shell every now and then would scream 
Uhlrich. It is a very curious old town, with its houses built of through the air, and, falling int*i the fipen streets, scatt^-r deso- 
red stones, and with its narrow streets. But the chief wonder lation around. So M. Respard, having fiiund a deserted c<>llar. 



is the Cathedral, bcgini in UH '), and not quite finished yet. Its 
marvelous tower, 474 feet high, has a staircase of 72.'i steps 
(you see I am as good as a guide-bdok), and the .stonework is so 
exquisitel.v finished as almost to look lik(! lace. In this Cathedral 
tf>wer is the curious astronomical clock, which not only tells the 
timi' of day, but the motions of the jilanets. But what lias all 
this to do with the milk can? Stop ! don't yawn ! 

Once upon a time — no ! — at the very time when the Prussians 
Imd begun to suri-ound the city, before the townspeople were 
forbidden to pa.ss to and from the city, a French gentleman of 
the name of Dcspard had been shut up in the city with his little 
girl, Marie. Their own home was on the coast of Brittany, but 
his business, for he was a large cx]Hirt<-r of leather and carpets, 
had brought him to Strasbourg. 

lb', likr most I'Vench folks, had thought the great army had 
only til take a military lioliday to Hcrlin ; but he I'ound his mis- 
take, lie liad two dilliculties, thereHire, to CTicoUiiter. First, 
to cscajie from the French garrison, who were exceedingly! 



cai'ried the little Marit; there one dark night, and, b.v degrees, 
stored awa.v some small stock of provisions, candles and so on. 
Pay hy day they said their jiraycrs earnesti.x- — da.\- li.\- d.-i.\' they 
talked of the dear wilt! and mother faraway in tlu' Utile lisliing 
village on the coast, from whom no letters now came. 

yi. Despanl thought over every plan, and at last determini'd 
on a bold ])ni,iect. i)nv. dark (nening he returned with a stran- 
ger. ]Marie almost cried out in terror, till, when the candle was 
lit, she sjiw a stout, 2)eas:uit woman, with a strange sort of 
whito linen bow tied on the top of her head. Marie opened her 
e.ves as the countrywoman jiut down an enormous milk can — a 
Jierfect giant in its way— jiolished like silver, with a bni.ss t;ip 
and a jaunt.v-looking lid, and two polisln'cl bandies, and stand- 
ing about four feet high and a loot and a hall' wide. Then, 
hurriedl.v, the I'alher e.\iilaiin'd huw he had bonghl this milk can, 
and t4) what use lit^ was to |jut it. lie ha<l bought it of the gooc 
Ur.sule, and Marie was to get into it some day and be carriet 
out past the l''reiieli and Prussians, and, see her dear nioilur 



b'3^- 



■*^t 




M 



6S 



a"TJ'V"E3SriI_,E IISrSTIE^/TJGTOI?.. 



and home once more, and pick up shells upon the beach, and 
see the goats and the old brindled cow. So, with great care, 
M. Despard took oflf the lid of the monster milk can, and slowly 
drew forth a suit of peasant-woman's clothes — cap and gown and 
wooden shoes, and flour to make his hair gra.v ; and Ursule 
laughed in a quiet way, and told Marie to be a brave little girl, 
and not to mind the milk-can for an hour. So she bade father 
and child good-by, with many tears on Marie's part, and pro- 
mised that in a week's time she would come, and, bringing her 
donkey-cart, take Marie and her father safe tlirough the sentries. 
There was no time to be lost, for, after that date no country folks 
could pass to and fro. 

When they were left alone, M. Despard talked to his little 
girl, but could not comfort her. Oh, that terrible milk-can. It 
was so cold and slipijcry, and she should be suffocated'? Oh, 
her dear father must not ask her — she should die? "Very well, 
Marie," he said, "we will die together. But I thought my 
little girl loved her dear mother and the old home."' And 
3Iarie wept much and said little ; and after saying their prayers 
father and child fell fast asleep. 

Next morning the gray d;iwn stole through the cellar window, 
and ever and again came the roar of the heavy guns, the growl 
of the cannon, the sliriek of the enormous shells. So after 
breakfast they looked at the milk-can again, and Marie thought 
she would try it ; and her father took out his wat<.-h and chal- 
lenged her playfully to stay there a quarter of an hour; for 
Ursule had declared tlian an hour would be long enough in the 
milk-can to escape. And so the little girl, looking at her 
father's pale face, and thinking of the village on the coast, and 
her dear mother, grew braver day by day. till she was able to 
stay the whole hour in the milk-can. Her kind lather had 
bored holes here and there, and got her some twine to net, so 
tliat her fingers might be employed. There was also arranged 
a little soft seat at the bottom. And so they anxiously awaited 
Ursule' s arrival. 

When she came, Slarie — she was just six years old, I ought 
to tell you — was in great delight ; for M. Despard had dressed 
liimself, while the child slept, in the peasant woman's costume. 
There he was, pale and gray-haired, and thin, with thick 
Wooden shoes on ; he had shaved off mnust:ichc and whiskers. 
Ursule leant again.st the wall and laughed so heartily, her black 
eyes dancing with fun, and her white teeth gleaming, that 
Marie skipped into the milk can, and in a moment the father 
and Ursule, having blown out the light, crept up the dark .stiiirs, 
while al)ove them, high up, burst a shell. 

No time to be lost. Up into the cart goes the milk can, and 
Ursule urged on her donkey, >I. Despard walking by her .side. 
Tliey reached the gate ; a mere boy, a conscrijit, is on guard, 
who challenges sleepily, gives the om a tap with l-.is liand. 
" Pas.s^ empty milk can !" he .saiil in French. 

Mane nearly s<.reamed out, but, by a strong effort, restrained 
herself. And m down the cau.seway, over the drawbridge, and 
out on the road that led fnjni the fort, the donkey struggled 
along again.st whid and rain. I'oor Marie filt almost .seasick 
with the jolting; and M. Despard steadied the milk-can as 
much as he could, whispi-ring that they 'Were nearly safe. They 
weri- clii.so ujKin the l*rus.si;in line. 

Tlie glare of a bivouac fire shone on the spiked helmets of the 
I'nissian I.andwchr; an Uhlan sat lance in hand upon his piior 
hi)rs<!, shrivelled up beneath the wmd and niin. (Juttural sc(und> 
of jolly l.iughtcr tame from the group of officers and men 
puffing huge clouds of smoke fnini their lr)ng pipes as thi' don- 
h-y drew niar, and at the two peasant women ami the milk-can 
the laught'-r grew louder an<l longer. An offic*;r .said some- 
thing, and 07IC of the 8f)ldiers st^'pped fiirward and pave the 
milk-can a ringing blow with the butt end of his rifle. Tliis 
w.xs too much for .\farie ; shj gave a scream of terror I 

The group was astonished. One of the great bearded s'.ildiers 
advanced and took off the cover, and then, calling an officer, he 



pointed out the poor little girl feinting at the bottom of the can. 
M. Despard was in agony, yet restrained himself. He was 
ready to fight a thousand soldiers for his child. But, to his 
suprise the great bearded giant took up the little Marie as ten- 
derly as a mother might, "What a milk can I" shouted the 
soldiers. The oflicers smiled ; Ursule showed her white teeth ; 
so merry were they all, that Marie could not realize what had 
happened. She sprang to her father. 

" Oh, father, take me away. " 

" Ha ! ha 1" laughed the deep bass voices. " Herr Papa in 
petticoats 1" 

However, when M. Despard had told his story, after com- 
municating with the brigadier, father and child were passed 
through the lines by the brave Prussians, and reached home 
after some days. 

The wind and waves roared. No mother sat at home, and 
they entered the village ; all was still,' no light in the casement. 
The clock struck ten. They went to the good clergyman's home, 
who with upturned eyes and hands welcomed them. Marie 
should st;iy by the fire, if M. Despai-d would go up to the little 
church on the hill. There, if anywhere, his wife would be. 
So he went up the mountain roads. 

Through the mist shone the little church. Within he saw 
kneeling worshipers. Yes, there in the comer with tear- 
stained face, was his own loved wife. How grandly came the 
storm-psalm from the sea! "Lord have merc:y on us!" rang 
from the choir. 

He had heard that sudden joy may kill. He stood behind a 
buttress and plucked a neighbor's sleeve — a cross old man — 
"Leave me alone !" he snarled. He touched another ; she knew 
him with a little stare, and went in and prepared the wife and 
mother. He could see the sudden gleam, the hurried upward 
glance. In a moment they were in each other's arms. 

In another half hour all three were kneeling in the good 
pastor's .study in devout thankfulness; and that day was kept 
by the whole family as Thanksgiving Day in the little church 
over the sea, on the Breton coast. 

The milk can is their drawing-rooms" s pride. 

Selected. 

~==>8<^^9< ■ 

THE POTENCY OF INTELLECTUAL CULTURE.— In 

thdse strangely beautiful Eastern tales that fa.scinate our child- 
hood, and rarely lose their charm in our ri|)cr years, you all 
recollect how the gorgeous imagination of the oriental authors 
delights to luxuriate uixm the story of some young and bold 
adventurer, who wanders alone through the deep cavenis of the 
earth, and there sees around him jiiles of golden ingots and 
coin, and massive plate and liurnishc.d armor, hillocks of pearls 
and rubies, and .s;ipi)hires, and emeralds, and diamonds, of all 
(if which the mystic talisman he unconsciously bears in his 
bosom has mailc him tin; lord. 

To the .voung student of our own times and country, the dis- 
cipline of a thnmugli eilucation is that talisman ; llidu.gh of far 
more jMitent command than the one of oriental fable. Thus 
armed, he may clinib the Mti.se's mount or jienctratc the deep- 
est retreats of .science. There he will find huanls more i)re- 
cious than c<juntless gold or priceless gems. Jie is but to desire 
them inten.sely, and they bewniie his own ; lor they are to be 
fiund the genii of art.s, able to change the face of nature and 
subdue the very eleuient.s; there dwell those pure and bright 
intelligences that .sway the hejirt of man, and mold to their own 
plea.sure the oi)inions and pas.sions of nations. Mighty and 
proud si>irits are they, who will not be commandi'd by wi:altli or 
IK)Wcr; but they l)ow themselves diiwn bef ire the daring and 
IMTSt'vering studerit, V(pluntarily cimft'ssing Ihem.selves U> be 
"the slaves of the lamj) and ol'liim who is its master. " 



IT is (Jod's design tlmt truth should shine both from the word 
nd the life. 



m^- 



i 



^*t5 



^S 



5^^^ 



CTTJ^EnsriLE IIsTSTI^TJOTOK.. 




63 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
I?.EOOLIjEOTIOlNrS. 

{Continued.) 



JOSEPH'S horse was fleeter on foot, besides, he was deter- 
mined to sell what he had to, at the dearest possible rate. The 
rest of the Indians of the first gang, about half a dozen, endea- 
vored to capture him ; but iu a miraculiius mannef he eluded 
them, contiiving to keep the cattle hcjided in the direction of 
the lower road towards home, until he reached the head of the 
spring. Here the Indians who pursued Thomas, — excepting 
the one in possession of Thomas' horse, which he had cai)tured 
and was leading awa}' towards the point, — met him, turning 
his horse around the spring and down the course of the stream, 
the whole gang of Indians in fuU chase. He could outrun 
them, and had he now, freed from the herd, been in the direc- 
tion of home he could have made his escape ; but as he reached 
a point opposite the hill from whence the Indians came, he was 
met by another gang who had crossed the stream for that pur- 
pose, again turning his horse. Making a circuit, he once more 
got started towards home. His faithful animal began to lose 
breath and flag. He could still, however, keep out of the reach 
of his pursuers; but now the hindmost in the down race began 
to file in before him, as he had turned about, by forming a 
platoon and veering to the right or left in front, as he endea- 
vored to pass, they obstructed his course, so that those behind 
overtook him just as he once more reached the spring. Kiding 
up on either side, one Indian fiercely took him by the right arm, 
another by the left leg, whUe a third was prepared to close in 
and secure his horse. Having forced his reins from his gi-ip, 
they raised him from the saddle, slackened speed till his horse 
ran from under him, then dashed him to the ground among 
their horses' feet while running at great speed. He was con- 
siderably stunned by the fall, but fortunately escaped further 
injury, notwithstanding, perhaps a dozen horses passed over 
him. As he rose to his feet, several men were in sight on the 
top of the hm, with pitchforks in their hands, at the sight of 
whom the Lidians fled in the direction they had come. These 
men had been alarmed by Tliomas' cry of Indians, while on 
their way to the hay fields, and reached the place in time to see 
Joseph's horse captured and another incident which was rather 
amusing. The Jack, which did not stampede with the cattle, 
had strayed off alone toward the point of the hill still wearing 
his bridle. An old Indian with some corn in a buckskin sack 
was trying to catch him; but "Jackie" did not fancy Mr. 
Indian, although not afraid of him, and so would wheel from 
him as he would attempt to take hold of the bridle. As the 
men appeared, the Indian made a desperate lunge to catch the 
Jack, but was kicked over, and his com spUt on the ground. 
Tlie Indian jumped up and took to his heels, and "Jackie" 
deliljcrately ate u]) his com. ]?y this time the cattle were 
scattered off in the brush lining the Iow(ir road, still heading 
towards town. The men with the pitchforks soon disajipeared 
from the hill, contiiming on to the hay-fields, and Joseph found 
himself alone, affiirding him a good ojiportunity to reflect on his 
csciipe and situation. The trath is, his own thoughts made him 
more afraiil than did the Indians. What if the.v should return 
to cf)niiilete their task, which he had been instraniental in so 
signally defeating? They would evidently show liiin no mercy. 
They had tried to tramjile him ti) death with their horses, and 
what c/iuld he do on foot and alonc'? It would take him a lung 
time to gather uj) the cattle, from among the brush. The 
Indians might return any moment, there was nothing to i)revent 
them doing so. These were his thoughts, he coiiciiidril theiv- 
I'ore tliat time was precious, and that he would )i)ll<]W the 
(•xam]ile, now, of Tliomas, and "njaki' tracks ' fiir Imme. When 
he arrived thi^ people hail gatheri'd in (he old bowery, and were 
busy orgaiii/.ing two conii)ar]ies, one of foot and the otlier of 
horwcuien, to pursue the Indians. All was excitement his 



mother and the family were almost distracted, supposing he 
had been killed or captured by the Indians. Thomas had told 
the whole story so far as he knew it, the supposition was there- 
fore inevitable ; judge, therefore, of the happy surprise of liis 
mother and sisters on seeing him, not only, alive, but unin- 
jured. Their tears of joy were even more copious than those 
of grief a moment before. 

But Josejih's son-ow had not .vet began. He and Thomas 
returned with the company of armed men on foot to hunt for 
the cattle, while the horsemen were to pursue the Indians, if 
possible, to recover the horses. When they arrived again at 
the spring he sign of the cattle could be seen ; even the dinner 
pails had been taken away. On looking around, the saddle 
blanket from the horse Joseph rode was found near the spring. 
Was this evidence that the Indians had retui-ned as Joseph had 
suspected? And had they, after all, succeeded in driving ofi" 
the cattle? These were the questions which arose. All that 
day did they hunt, but in vain, to find any further trace of 
them ; and as they finally gave up the search and bent their 
weary steps towards home, all hope of success seemingly fled. 
Joseph could no longer supjiross the heavy weight of grief that 
filled his heart, and he gave vent to it in bitter tears, and wished 
he had been a man. 



1^ 

> 



3ynissi02sr^E.ir sicetghies. 



IN the spring of 1856, in the daj's of my youth, I was called 
by the First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints, to go on a mission to Australia, to preach the 
gospel. I was young and inexperienced, and had but very 
little education. I had been to school but six months in my 
life, although I had been raised in the Church from infancy and 
had been taught by my mother that God had spoken from the 
heavens in these last days and had sent a holy angel to reveal 
the gospel that had been lost from the earth. These things I 
understood ; but the scriptures I never had read, from the fact 
that I could not read. Under these circumstances I went to 
President Heber C. Kimball and asked permission to stay at 
home one year, and I would go to school and learn to read and 
write, and then I would go. But he said that he had called me 
to a mission and he wante'd that I shoidd go now. So I received 
my endowments, and President Kimball blessed me and "pro- 
phesied many great things that should ha])pen to me in the next 
throe years and a half; for he said that I would be gone that 
time, and should learn to read and write by my close ai)i)lication 
and the help of the Holy Sjiirit. I bade fiirewell to my aged 
mother and started in company with some other Elders, for 
Australia. 

W^e arrived in Carson valley, where Judge Prumniond was 
holding a court at the time. President Orson Hyde was iirobate 
judge in that valley, and had held a court a sh(H-t time before we 
arrived. He had decided a case of law between Colonel Keese 
and another in the ease of a mill. A. P. Chessl.v, one of our 
missionaries, filed a demurrer against Brother Ilvde's decision, 
and the case was tried by Judge Prumniond. Colonel Peese 
lost the mill. Brother Hyde told Chessly that he had better 
not go on his mission, if he did he should never see home again, 
for he had sinned with his eyes open, to get gain. Brother 
Hyde s;iid to all of us If we went with him that we shoiJd .share 
with him the disjilcasure of Cod. 

We arrived at San Francisco and there was a ship aliout to 
sail for Australia. Half of the Elders said that tlu'y wuuid go 
on that ship with Chessly, and the reniainiler of us sai<l that we 
Would wait for another vessel. Thi'V slarted, and in about 
thirty days afterwards, a clipper bark was advertised to sail, and 
we enibarkcd on that ship. In lliirty-si.\ days wi^ arriveil at 
Sidney Australia, having sailed alioul liljllM) miles and had a 
pleasant vnyage. The other lirelhren had not been heard of. 
One hundred and fifteen days passed, and they arrived at 



*^t« 




cttj^eiltiIjE insrsTi^TJOToie/ 



fil 



iMfllMiurno. They liail almost starvoJ to death, and had sold 
nearly all of their elothing to the natives ior fruit, ehiekeiis and 
jng.s, itc, to live on. Thus was Brother Hyde's iiredictiou I'lil- 
filled to them. 

I was now in Sidney, a large beautiful eily, eontaining 175,- 
00(^ inhabitants. I concluded that I would travel through the 
city a day or two and get something of import;ince to write 
home. I was tniveling my first day on a back street, and I sjiw 
some birds with fine i>lumage and several monkeys, j)erforming 
on some wires tliat were stretched in a yard near a mill. Not 
understanding the customs of that country, I stei)i)ed through 
the gate to sex; the birds and monkeys. Just then a man let 
loose a large dog and gave a whistle. I looked around and saw 
the dog coming towards me at full speed. I si)rang fir the 
gate, and got hold of it; at the same time the dog got hold of 
my back, and a struggle ensued. I finally extricated myself 
from the dog, but he had torn my coat ott" and left me only the 
sleeves and the collar. I then concluded that I had got some- 
thing to write home, and I would not travel any further in that 
city. 
Payson, A5USA POTTEIJ. 

(To be continued.) 



"CH-\ELIE," THE WHITE SERCEANT.-Tn a.i English 
book fir children entitled "Animal Sagacity. " there is (luito an 
interesting little story about a remarkable dog, whose portrait 
now hangs on the wall of the Bn.w Street Police Office in Lon- 
don. This dog. an old, starved, homeless animal, took U]) his 
quarters one day on the steps of a seldom-used door connected 
with the office. The men got so attached to him that he was 
never told to "move on" but took up his quarters inside the 
station, and, after being named "Charlie" was considered a 
mend)er of the [xilice force. 

"Charlie" seemed to understand the responsibilities nf his 
position. At a quarter to .sL\ every morning, thi' first relief was 
paraded in the .vard of the station previous to setting out on duty 
at six. At that hour, and at every jiarade, day or night, 
"Charlie" was always present, marching up and down in front 
of the line with all the iniport;ince of a dnil-sergeant. On these 
occasions he was acc<imi)anied by the only four-fiioted anim:J 
that ho was known to associate with,— namely, "Jeauie, " the 
office t«t, who. with bell tinkling at her I>ra.ss collar, trotted at 
" Charlie's" side. 

Only on two otx-asion.'i was " Cliarlie" absent from duty ; once 
when he watched for .sfmie da.vs by the death-bed of an old con- 
stable U> whom he was much attached, and once when he had 
Ix'en .Sf^vercly mauled, and all but jioisoni'd, by some thieves 
whow fel((tiious schemes he often assisted to defeat. He was 
known as the " Whit<: Sergeant, " ami on state occasions when 
the attendance of the greater part of the division was rciiuired, 
a .tergoant's annlet was buckled round his neck, and very j)rf)ud 
he .seemed to be of the deconition. If he came uiion a boy 
gambling at "pitch anrl toss" he would wait until the money 
fell upon the gMund, and then rush forward and mII him.scif 
over it, guarding it .se<Mirc|y until relieved of his charge by a 
policeman, whom he would fillow to the nearest cut' H-meat shop 
well knowing that he wouM be rewarded. 

When the cry of " fire " was .ihouted in the .vard of the station. 
"CTiarii'j" burki.'d his lou<lc.st. and, if the time bajipened lo be 
night, nm thmugh all thi' bcd-rooms of the station, tugging at 
the bed-i lothes and l>arkitig with all his might; and when thi' 
men appointed f >rthe imrivise went off in tlie .scene of conflagra- 
tion, he ran in front of them clearing the way by his incessant 
barkin.tr. 

Ttie thii'ves and other bad characters feared and disliked 
■■ (liarlie. " They knew, whenever they saw him, that a con- 
stable umst be near. 

_ After perfl jnning his duties as a sergeant faithfully for nearly 
eight years, jxior old "Charlie" (he mu.st have Iieen at least 



twenty years of age), died in front of the mess-room fire, where 
during his illness he had lieen carefully nursed. 

A BOY was tempted b,v some of liis companions to pluck 
rijie cherries from a tree which his father had forbidden him to 
touch. "Vou need not lie afraid," s;ud one of his comjianions, 
"for if your father should find out .you had taken them, he is so 
kind he woidd not hurt you." "That is the very reason," 
replied the Boy, "why I would not touch them. It is true, my 
f ither would not hurt me, yet my disobedience I know woiUd 
hurt my father, and that would be worse to me than an.vthing 
else."' A boy who gmws uji with such principles is a man in 
the best sense of the word. It betrays a regard for rectitude 
that would render him trustworthv under every trial. 



S^l0cf^6 l^a^ltjy* 



THE LITTLE J^C0:RJ<T. 



The little lirowii acorn lies under the ground, 
'While the wUd wmds of winter arc blowing, 

Till the warm, gentle raui 

Calls the flowers again; 
"Up, little flowers, and bo growing!" 

It feels the rlcar sky strctchinsr warm overhead, 
It knows that the green srrass is springing; 

The fresh earth is fair. 

And through the warm air 
Homeward the swallows are winging. 

So it doft's its brown ca]! and peeps out of the earth, 
Eager to see and tie hearhig ; 

It is timid and shy 

Of the erowsfoot near bj' ; 
Even the violets fearing. 

But up from the earth, reaching hilo the lii;hl, 
II flourishes taller and strmiL'er; 

The fluwers fade and die, 

As the summer goes by, 
And the days linger sultry and longer. 

And the days change to months, and the mciulhs into years, 
Little rhildren w ax aired and hoary; 

.Still its sturdy buu^lis grow, 

As the loui^ aires iro, 
Tow'riug hiirh m tlieir stienirth and llicir L'lniy. 



OUR. HE^-VEITLY OK.O'Vv^nsr. 

■Tis told 

'I'luit grains nf i;(»ld 

(hkI seatlcr-i'lh aiiiifiii;- 

Tile sands iil life, onr I'alli alnni;'; 

And we these uraius must irather, fnie I'y fue, 

To form our glorious, our own immortal crown. 

Our erown 

Math richer grown 

Kcir every lillle L'niiu 

( lur » illiiii;, ]iatiiMit lalwirs L'aiii. 

(Jalher then while lile's swift moTiients winir; 

Who fails to glean, <vijl ne'er lie ennviu'd kiie.;. 



crxj'VEnsriXjE ihststi^xjotoi?. 

Ih published in Salt I,ake City, Utah Territory, 
i:VKRV liTlIKU S.\TriU).VY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

Single Ooptj, fur Six Months 1 50. 

t^ GrBln bronglit to tliin City for the Jiivk.nii.k Inhtkuotor will bo 
received at the ufnce of our iiapiT— Ijksi'.iikt Nkws Huii.riiNos. 



T) 



^5S^j«- 



^ 



