w 




3^ 



VOL. XV1I[. 



SALT LAKE UITY, MARCH I, l^K: 



NO. 5. 



THK BEAVER, 




'T^HERE are a great many animals in different parts of the 
-^ earth that excite our curiosity and, at times, our admi- 
ration, because of their industrial and peculiar habits. Among 
these the beaver may be classed. This animal gives an 
example of industry, which is unexcelled by any creature of 
the animal creation that we have ever seen or heard about. 

This animal is a native of Europe and Asia as well as of 
America. As you will see by 
the engraving, it can move 
around in the water, and, in 
fact, its home is invariably 
made where there is some lake 
or running stream. It is much 
sought on account of its fur, 
which is very valuable, and a 
l)eculiar substance called cax- 
toreum or castor, which was 
formerly used very much in 
medicine, but now mostly in 
the preparation of perfumes. 
By looking at the cut, you 
will notice two long white 
teeth in the mouth of the 
beaver that is holding up its 
head. Similar teeth are 
posse.ssed by all atiimals of this 
kiad, and it is with these that 
they gnaw wood for the build- 
ing of tlieir hou.ses and dams, 
and also for their food. It is 
even a.^serted that trees 
eighteen inches in diameter 
have been gnawed throiigii by 
beavers. 

There arc five toes on eacti 
foot of this animal, tho.>>c of 
the front feet being short and 
diKconncctc'l, while tho.sc of the back arc long and webbed to 
the nails. The hind feet only arc therefore used in Hwiinining. 
The tail is large and flat, it being about one foot long, live or 
Hix inches broad and not (|uitc one inch thick ; this member is 
covered with scales, except at the root, wlicic the hair of the 
body cotniiicnces; it iit used ii(< a rudiier in tiie water. The 




valuable fur of the beaver consists of two kinds of hair. The 
longer hair is comparatively coarse, smooth and glossy, 
and the short, or undercoat, is soft and silky. The general 
color is chestnut. The form is thick and clumsy. While in 
the water, only the head and forepart of the body are seen, 
and when killed, that part of the body which remains out of 
the water tastes like the flesh of land animals, and the remain- 
der like that offish. Trappers 
frequently eat the flesh of this 
animal, but to people unac- 
customed to the use of the 
same, it tastes bitter. 

Among the peculiarities of 
the beaver may be mentioned 
its manner of constructing 
dams and lodges. When a 
place has been selected by a 
colony of these animals where 
the water is running, they 
immediately set to work and 
build a dam of trees, leaves, 
mud, stones and any other 
sTibstanco which is within 
reach and effective in check- 
ing the flow of water. These 
dams are always made with 
wide, substantial bases, grad- 
ually inclined sides, and also 
with convex sides toward the 
current of the stream, to 
resi.st the force of the water. 
The lodges are const rucled of 
the same kind of material as 
that which is u.sed in the dam. 
They are generally erected 
near the bank of a river and in 
a circular and oval form. Some 
of these have been Iniind that are seven feet in diameter and 
between two and three feet high, with walls that arc two feet 
thick., Some are two and three stories high, others are con- 
nected on a level, but between these there is no internal com- 
munication. They are made with such solidity that the 
storms have no effect upon tlw^n, and they protect the itdiahi- 





GG 



J""Cr^El^ILE IITST^^TJOTOE.. 





tants from the incursions of beasts of prey. The walls, both 
inside and outside are so neatly plastered — the material, it is 
said, being applied with the forepaws and patted with the 
tail — that it appears as even and neat as if it had been done 
by man. 

One of these lodges is generally occupied by ten or twelve 
beavers, who make their beds of grass or tender bark around 
the walls of the same. Although all the members of a colony 
of beavers are friendly to one another and warn eich other 
on the approach of danger b}' striking their tails on the water, 
one family does not permit the members of another family to 
intrude into its home. Each knows its home and retires 
there when it desires to do so. The lodges are kept in a very 
cleanly condition, and instead of eating in them, they retire 
to holes which they have made in the banks of the stream 
and there partake of their food. In these holes they also 
conceal themselves wlien their houses are destroyed by hun- 
ters. 

The food eaten by these animals consists of the bark of 
trees, shrubs, water-lilies, and, in Summer, berries and various 
kinds of herbage. During the warm weather sufficient food 
is gathered and stored away in deep water where the frost 
cannot reach it, to last during the inclement season. Piles of 
tender branches and leaves have been found, which the 
beavers have gathered for food, that were twenty-five and 
thirty feet square and from eight to ten feet deep. One of 
these was intended to furnish sufficient food for ten beavers 
during one winter. 

In the month of June or July a large number of these 
animals from a certain district congregate together and com- 
mence to build a village-which is sometimes composed of as 
many as twenty or twenty-five lodges. When a dam is needed 
they unitedly build it, one party cuts down trees, another 
carries them to the place desired, while a third company con- 
structs the dam. This being done, they divide into families 
and commence to build their homes, each beaver performing 
his part of the labor. Occasionally a male beaver is found 
living alone, remote-from any colony; it is supposed that he 
has been driven away from the settlement, perhaps for the 
same reason that bees drive the drones from the hive — because 
they will not work. 

In conclusion' we here annex a short article written by a 
member of Hayden's surveying party, concerning this most 
interesting animal : 

"In almost any stream in the mountainous parts of Wyom- 
ing territory you may find more or less beavers and beaver- 
dams. But Green river and that whole region surpasses 
any place I know of as a resort for these animals,, now so 
scarce east of the Mississippi. In rocky canyons high up, 
this creek was forty yards across, nor would it have been much 
wider in the open valley below had it not been impeded. But 
for a dozen miles the beavers had so dammed it and choked it 
with their homes that the water spread out to a mile or. more 
in width, and hundreds of dead or living trees, once far back 
from the margin, were now standing equally far out in the 
water. Some of the dams measured one hundred feet or 
more in length, and were built on a curve, with theliollou' of 
the curve up stream, yet so substantially that they were .stand- 
ing the beating of the freshet with slight damage. All along 
the bank of the stream the hillside was bare of aspens, and 
their stumps, cut off close to the ground, showed what had 
destroyed them. Some of the stumps were of trees ten or 
twelve inches in diameter, and seventy-five yards from the, 
water, yet there is no doubt but that these rodents had felled 



those trees, trimmed oflf the branches, peeled away the 
bark, and then dragged the log all the way to the water to put 
into a new dam or repair the old one. Indeed we surprised 
some of them at work. Most of the dams were shorter than 
I have mentioned and ran from one to another, so that there 
was a network of them supporting a growth of willows and 
each enclosing a little basin of deep still water, in which would 
rise like an island the domed top of their home. But the 
houses of many were under the bank and of others beneath 
the dams, as we could see by the paths to them, which showed 
plainly through the water. Wherever the willows grew closely 
to the water's edge for some distance, there would be roads 
through them at frequent intervals, the stems gnawed off, and 
the weeds trodden down smooth. 'Busy as a beaver,' 
acquires a new force when we think how ceaseless he must 
work to get his daily food, collect winter stores, keep his home 
in order, repair his dam and guard against enemies. We saw 
none of the animals themselves. They are rarely seen by 
anyone, being able to detect your approach by the jar of the 
ground, if not otherwise, and hide themselves." 



HOW PAPER CAR-WHEELS ARE 
MADE. 



THE Paper World, in describing the method of manufac- 
turing paper car-wheels, says: "The paper is straw board 
of rather fine texture. It is received in the ordinary broad sheets, 
differing in no particular from those used for straw-board 
boxes or other similar work. These sheets, as they come from 
the' paper mill, are square, and must, first of all, be cut to a 
circular pattern. This is rapidly done on a large table with a 
knife tlftit is guided by a radial arm that swings freely over 
the surface of the table from a pivot at the center. A small 
disk is also cut from the center of the sheet to allow for the 
iron hub. Being thus reduced to the required shape and 
dimensions, the paper must now be converted from a mass of 
loose sheets into a compact, dense body, capable of withstand- 
ing the tremendous crushing force to which it will be subjected 
in the wheels. This is accomplished in the following manner: 
ten sheets are pasted together, one upon another, making a 
disk of about one-eighth of an inch thick. When enough of 
these disks have been prepared to fill a powerful hj'draulic 
press, they are subjected to a pressure of 1,800 pounds to the 
square inch. When removed, the disks are hung on poles in 
a steam-heated loft and left .six days to dry. Thicker disks 
are then made, each formed by pasting to.gether two or three 
of those already finished. Thc-^e are pressed and dried as 
before, and the process is repeated until a block is built four 
inches thick and of about the specific gravity of lignum vitae. 
After each pasting and pressing, six days are allowed for dry- 
ing, and when the block is complete it is left in a drying room 
until thoroughly .seasoned. The next operation is that of 
turning the paper blocks to fit the steel tires and iron hubs. 
This is done in lathes with as much accuracy, and in exactly 
the same manner as if the material worked on was iron or 
wood. The circumference is turn.ed to a perfect circle of the 
precise diameter required, a bed or recess is worked out for 
the web of the tire to rest in and the surfaces are left hard 
and smooth and the edges sharply defined. The block is then 
painted and is ready for its place in the wheel. 





^ 



o'TJ'VEisrii-.Ei inNrsTi?.T7aToi?.. 



67 




tl^ little ©n 



m> 



COAL. 



No doubt all of our little readers have seen and 
handled coal. You al.?o kno^v some of the uses to 
which it is put. But did you ever ask any person 
where and how it is obtained? You have perhaps 
never heard of the danger there is attending those 
\\ho work in mines where this useful article is 
tnund. 

Coal exists in layers beneath tlie surfiice of the 
ground. It is said to l.>o formed from wood and 
veaetalile remains which underyo a certain 




^- -"^^Sz 



-'-'■3^-' 




rliange. yi»me ])icces of coal look a great deal 
like wood, excepting in the color. Tiiis valuable 
article is found in dillen-nt parts <il' tlic glol>c, and 
were it not for tlie large coal Ix'ils of Kngland, 
tliat country would not be as wcaUhy as it now is. 
'I'liero, many million ton.s of coal -aw burned every 
year in the great manufactories; and if they only 
liad wood to liurn, their forests would soon be uscil 
up. 

In onlrr to get tlie coal out of tlif ground, ilccp 
holes arc dug into whi<']i tlic udiu'rs go and loosi'U 
llie coal. It is th(;ii placeil in l)uckels or i)oxes, 
and, by mean.s of macliinery made for tlie jturpo.^ic, 
is raised to the snrfa<'e of the ground. As the coal 
is taken out, timbers are generally placed in tJK? 



mine to keep the ground from caving in on tliCAVork- 
men. But sometimes these timbers become rotten, 
or in case of fire are Ijurned, when the earth falls 
and buries, in many instances, those who are 
M'orking below. In the picture we see some 
laborers running away from the broken timbers 
and falling earth. How frightened they look, and 
well they may, for if once covered by the huge 
mass of earth abo.ve them, their death is almost 
certain! 

In England many of the Saints work in the 
coal mines. On one occasion, some years ago, a 
brother was in one of these mines when a cave 
occurred in which he was crushed to the ground. 
As he was uncovered, it seemed as though every 
bone in his body was broken. The doctors said 
he could not live longer than a few minutes. But 
one of the Elders of this Church, who had great 
faith in God came along, and after anointing the 
injured brother with oil, administered to him. As 
he did so, the broken bones came together with a 
cracking noise and he was made sound and well. 
Thus was the power of the Lord shown when the 
skill of man had failed. 

Explosions occasionally occur in the coal-beds 
caused by what is called tirc-damp. This sub- 
stance is a kind of gas which has neither taste, 
smell nor color, and when set on fire, burns with a 
pale, white flame. When a great quantity of fire- 
damp gathers in one place and then comes in con- 
tact with lire it explodes, and often causes great 
loss of life. 

These are. .some of the dangers, children, to 
wliicb tliose brave men are exfjosed who obtain 
tlieeoal for us toburn, from tlie liowels of tlie eartii. 



MY CJ H O I G E 



The boy that's lirave, and good, and (rue, 

What e'er his lot in life^ may be; 
Who does the best (hat he can do, 
■ Is just (lie sort of boy for me. 

The girl with kind and lii'lpliil heart, 

'Ihat's bright ami busy as a bi'C, 
Who heals, but never nud^t's a smart, 

Is jus( I h'' kind ot' L;irl for me. 

l'"or, boys and ;;irls, within you lies, 

\\\ many a little act and word. 
The |iower to cheek the rising sighs 

Which (houghts for you perhaps have stirr'd. 



%f!.t. 




68 



a-TJ^E!isrii-.E izsrsTi^TJOToi?.. 




AN 



INCIDENT OF THE 
PLAINS. 



TN the days when the Saints were compelled to travel across 
-'- the plains with hand-carts and oxteams, many interest- 
ing incidents occurred, some of which are worthy of 
remembrance because of the lessons they teach. We will 
relate one of these in which a man came very near losing his 
life through disobedience to the command of the person whom 
the servants of (lod had chosen to lead the company. 

It was customary in those days for quite a number of Saints 
to travel together for mutual protection, in oa»e of an attack 
from Indians some of whom were at that time not very 
friendly, and also ibr mutual aid in other ways. That order 
might prevail in the camp, a captain was always selected by 
the authorities in Utah or at the outfitting place in the East, 
to take charge of the emigrants. 

It happened, in the year 1859, that Edward Stevenson was 
appointed captain of an ox-team company to travel from the 
states to these valleys. As they were about to start on the 
journey, the captain called the emigrants together, and, 
among other instructions, told them not to separate them- 
selves from the company on any conditions except by special 
order. For several days these instructions were carefully 
observed, but as the company arrived in the Wood River 
country where the buffalo were seen, it was hard to resist the 
temptation of following some of them up for the purpose of 
killing them. 

Finally, two men named Rogers, father and .son, who had 
emigrated from the Cape of Good Hope where they had been 
engaged by the British government in carrying the mails 
through the mountains, got on a trail of a large buffalo and 
succeeded in killing and skinning him. But in the excite- 
ment of the chase they had forgotten how far they were going 
from the camp, and on looking around when they came to a 
halt, their friends were nowhere to be seen. They quickly 
realized their position, and it was agreed that the father 
should remain and take care of the dead buffalo while the son 
should go to camp for assistance to carry it. 

The son retraced his steps as speedily as possible, and 
arrived in camp almost out of breath, where he told of his 
success in hunting. The captain was not pleased at the dis- 
obedience of these men in leaving the company, for he knew 
that there was always danger of an attack from the Indians; 
but as one man was behind, it was decided that several men 
should return with the son and bring in the dead animal. 

This had all occurred early in- the morning. About eleven 
o'clock a. m. the company lialted for rest and food. At 
twelve the parly that had been appointed to get the dead 
buffalo returned to camp, and young Rogers, going up to the 
captain, asked if his father had not returned. "No," said 
the captain, "he has not been seen. Did you not find him 
where you left him?" "No," was the reply. The son then 
explained that on arriving where the dead animal was, they 
fpund that a nice piece of meat had been cut from the same and 
the hide was then thrown over it. 

Rogers now felt confident that his father had been killed by 
the Indians, for he thought it impossible that an old moun- 
taineer like his father should get lost. But the cajitain was 
of the opinion that the old man had wandered away. A 
party of men was therefore organized to return and search the 
country for the missing man, while the company waited for 
them. As it was getting dusk the party returned, but with 
no tidings of old man Rogers, notwithstanding that the men 




had fired their guns in order to attract his attention should he 
be near. 

It was decided to suspend operations for the night, as it 
would be useless to attempt a search in the dark. The people 
had eaten,- prepared their beds and had just finished saying 
their prayers, when a shout was heard, and the old man came, 
footsore and weary, into camp. Groing direct to the captain 
he exclaimed, "Oh captain, if you will forgive me this time I 
will never disobey counsel again." He then told about his 
tiresome tramp, during which he was at times so weary with 
fatigue and anxiety as to be almost unable to stand. "At one 
time," he said, "I was lying in a hollow taking a few minutes 
rest, when suddenly a large buffalo appeared on the hillock 
above me, and looked at me so fiercely with his large, glassy 
eyes, that I became afraid. It was then," "that I heartily 
wished I had obeyed your instructions." 

It is needless to add that the Saints were pleased at the 
return of the truant, and during the rest of the journey a 
more obedient man than the old mountaineer Rogers, could 
not be found in the company. 



OUR maH Ts. 



BY LYCURQUS. 



T T has not been long since the quiet of our peaceful vales 
-^ was disturbed by the preparations for an extraordinary 
election. The excitement is now over, yet the cause has not 
been removed ; and the news from Congress again puts us in 
mind that there is a struggle still before us, not only to main- 
tain our religious liberty, but for the rights of all mankind. 

Almost ever since the world was made, ambitious men have 
sought by every means to gain power over their fellow-men. 
There has been a constant struggle between the tryant and 
people, until it has come to be a common saying that, 
"Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." 

In the early days of Greece, her citizens conceived the idea 
of electing their rulers. For a time they succeeded in doing 
this, but corruption and civil dissension at last brought the 
downfall of their nation. Next came republican Rome, pro- 
claiming that a Roman was greater than a king. Her citizens 
were sovereigns. But the story of Greece was told over again, 
and the cause of liberty was abandoned. 

Self-government by the people was thought to be impos- 
sible; until, by the care of Providence, the fire of 
human liberty was rekindled in our own fair land. For 
the last century its proud, joyous flames has proclaimed to the 
world that here again is freedom. Those noble men who 
fought for our independence, contended as well for the princi- 
ples of universal justice. By the inspiration of the Lord 
they gave to us the Constitution of the United States. It is 
their legacy to all the world. Under it, every man is guaran- 
teed the protection of life, liberty and the right to worship 
God according to the dictates of his own conscience. To 
keep these principles inviolate, is a duty we owe to the whole 
world ; yet, in the face of all history and this deep obligation, 
our countrymen ask us to forego our rights, and demand that 
we give up that most sacred privilege, religious liberty. 
What have they to give us in exchange? Their friendship, 
forsooth ! Are we thus to barter away that which cost so 
much? Shall we sanction such measures by giving them our 
support, and consent for our constitution to be trampled in 





O-TJ^En^ILEl insrSTI^TJGTOI^. 



69 



the dust? No ice will not. And if the word were given, 
"All Israel would say, Amen;" we should make these valleys 
ring, till the grand old mountains would join us in the 
shout. 

Our rights may be taken away from us, but we shall never 
cease to revere the principles contained in the Constitution. 
By doing so we would prove ourselves traitors to our country- 
men and to all mankind. We would betray the trust vouch- 
safed to us by our fathers and our (jod. Such a proposition 
can never receive our consideration, and we are ashamed that 
our country is so lost to honor as to be willing to sacrifice the 
principles of human liberty upon the altar of prejudice. 

We ask for a review, feeling certain that sober thought will 
not fail to dictate in favor of religious liberty. Truth must 
prevail. 



AN INTERESTINa INCIDENT. 



BY H. E. 




WHILE laboring as a missionary among the Creek Indians 
in the Indian Territory, I made it a practice to inquire 
for those who had some knowledge of the English language. 
This was especially necessary in the beginning of my labors, 
before I became acquainled with their language. 

Some time during the month of January, 1850, I heard of 
a town chief by the name of Jack Randall, who was pretty 
well advanced in years, and well respected by his people. I 
was told, however, that he was not a religious man; that he 
invariably declined to associate himself with any of the lead- 
ing sects, then doing quite a work among the Creek Indians, 
and that it would be useless for me to undertake to teach him 
our principles. I went, however, and found him somewhat 
unwell, reclining on his bed. I told him my business and 
asked permission to communicate to him some of the prin- 
ciples of our religion. He signified that he was willing to 
listen, and I proceeded to lay before him, in as .simple lan- 
guage as I could, some of the leading doctrines of our faith. 

He listened with marked attention, and while I was speak- 
ing his eyes sparkled with delight, and he seemed to receive 
uiy message with great satisfaction. 

I stayed with him over niglit and on pariing the next morn- 
ing he asked nic to call again at ray convenience. The follow- 
ing Summer I returned to that iiart of the territory, and gave 
him another call. 

It was in the evening when I reached his house, and 1 IouikI 
him and hi.s wife engaged in his garden, hoeing potatoes. He 
requested me to go into the hou.se, .stating that he would be 
there himself scjon. 

As soon as he reached the bouse, Ills first words were: ''I 
want you to bai^tize nie. " 

I was quite surpri.sed, and told him that I would attend to 
the ordinance in tiie morning, as it was then sundown, and 
tlic ncare.-l place to water w;is about two miles distant. 

He responded, howevi^r, "f do not want l<i wail until nicirn- 
ing, I might be dead tlien." 

Seeing his faith, I gladly attended to liie holy oidinance 
that night. 

This chief Hub.sequently related to nic the following: 

"Many years ago I liad a vision of a young man wiio canie 
to me with a message of the gosi>el, declarini: to me in great 



plainness many glorious principles, all of which I fully believed 
and have cherished ever since. When the Presbyterians, 
Baptists and Methodists came with their different creeds and 
earnestly sought my conversion, I found 'that their doctrines 
differed so materially from the teachings I had received from 
the young man in the vision that I could not be persuaded by 
any of them to join their churches. But finally, when the 
gospel in its fullness reached me through the instrumentality 
of a young man, I recognized at once the teachings received 
in the vision, and consequently so quickly resolved to be bap- 
tized." 

Brother Randall brought quite a number into the Church, 
was ordained an Elder and became president of a branch. 

It was at his house that a conference of the branch of the 
Church in the Creek nation was held on the 0th of April, 
18o7, at which time we were favored with the presence of the 
late Apostle Parley P. Pratt. It was the last conference he 
attended in the flesh. He appeared to be much depressed in 
spirit, and evidently had forebodings of his approaching end. 

Brother Randall proved himself faithful to the end of his 
days; but after laboring .about two years for the cause of Christ, 
he was gathered home with his fathers to continue his labors in 
the spirit world. 

I take pleasure in stating that I, have officiated for him in 
the temple at St. George, and trust that he has received the 
benefit of my labors in his behalf. 

After his death quite a number of those whom he had 
brought into the Church became cold, and returned to their 
old habits and traditions. 




DISRAELI'S MAIDEN SPEECH. 

A 1 rHEN he (O'Connell) sat down, Disraeli rose. His 
^ » costume was so unu.sual that even this attracted all 
eyes : a green coat, a waistcoat covered with gold chains, a 
black tie without a collar. His personal appearance was usu- 
ally un-English : a face pale as death, coal-black eyes, and 
long black hair in curls. People had heard of him as a char- 
latan, and before he opened his lips they were disi)o.sed to 
ridicule and laughter. He began— "I hope— I will even ven- 
ture to believe — that the House will deign to extend to me 
that generous indulgence rarely rcfu.sed to one who solicits 
their attention for the first time, and for which I can say, 
without the slightest aft'ectation, that 1 have already had 
suihcieut experience of the critical spirit which jtervades this 
assembly, to feel that I stand much in need of it." The 
introduction, even, was not successful. Here, for the first 
time, there were mocking cries of "Hear, hear." He con- 
tinued : "The lion, and learned member for Dublin has 
taunted the hon. hart., (the moinl)or for North ^V'ilts), with 
having made a long, rambling, Iccble, wandering, jumbling 
speech. I can assure the hon. and learned gentleman that I 
have paid the utmost attcntiou to the remarks which have 
fallen from him, and I must say, without intending to make 
any reflections u|itin the lion. hart. Iiy any invidious coin- 
pariMin, it seems that the hon. and lcarn(<l inc'ndier has t.'ikc^i 
a liint of tlie style and matuier from the hon. hart, in tlio 
oration whidi he has just addressed ti> tlic House, for it 
appears to mo that there was scarcely a subject connected 
with Ireland that could possibly engage the attention of 
Parliament, that lie has not introduced in his oratorical 
rliutoric. " 





70 



CTTJ'^Ein^ILE IITSTI^TJCTOE.. 





Renewed and louder laughter followed. This dandified 
upstart then, of ambiguous antecedents, wanted, in the very 
first word he stammered out, to pick a quarrel with the Irish 
national hero, who, with his herculean frame, and his hat over 
one ear, was sitting opposite to his opponent, and, with the 
broadest laughter, was looking straight into his face. From 
this moment all the Irish Brigade in the House, constituting 
O'Connell's not over well-behaved body-guard, resolved to 
leave no method untried of putting the speaker out of coun- 
tenance — hissing, whistling, laughing, crowing, loud talking, 
stamping, etc. Disraeli went on. When the tumult seemed 
the wildest he said : 

"I wish I really could induce the House to give me five 
minutes more'' — and at the same moment was interrupted by 
such roars of laughter that he was obliged to pause for a few 
moments; but he took up the thread again, without losing 
his self-3ommand. He had, unfortunately, made a mistake: 
he had described himself as the representative of the younger 
members of the House ; and now said, after the peals of 
laughter which followed : "Then why laugh ; why not let me 
enjoy this distinction, at least for one night?" 

The laughter became so loud and so general, that he was 
obliged to pause again. He continued. He pointed out that 
Whigs, who had threatened to gain an overwhelming majority 
at the new election, had lost in numbers; that the Tory party, 
which they had said was dead and buried so' deep that there 
was no danger of its resurrection, had now raised its head as 
boldly as ever— when the interruptions again overpowered him. 
"If hon. members think it is fair to interrupt me, I will sub- 
mit. I would not act so towards anyone ; that is all I can say 
— (laughter). Nothing is so easy as to laugh." He con- 
tinued ; and in a difl'erent tone, with bold metaphor and 
cutting sarcasm, about a Whig minister and a Whig member, 
whom he characterised respectively as "the Tityrus of the 
Treasury bench," and "the learned Daphne of Liskeard." 
He reproached the minister with wishing to free Ireland in 
order to enslave England; that "standing secure on the 
pedestal of power he may wield in one hand the keys of St. 
Peter and — ' 

He could get no further. So loud and incessant were the 
noise and laughter around him that it was impossible to finish 
the sentence. Every time he tried there was a storm of 
bellowing noise, and cries from every bench and corner of the 
House, and some faces glared at him distorted with scornful 
laughter. At last he lost the self-possession which he had, 
hitherto, so remarkably retained, and, looking straight into 
the faces of some of his jeering opponents — according to the 
testimony ot an eye-witness — he lifted up his hands and said, 
with an unusually loud and almost terrific voice, "I am not at 
all surprised, sir, at the reception I have met with — (continued 
laughter). I have begun several times many things — (laughter) 
— and have succeeded at last — (question). Aye, sir, I will sit. 
down now, but the time will come when you will hear me." 

He sat down, and the waves of ridicule closed over him. 
Only a week after this fiasco Disraeli spoke the second time 
on a subject connected with literature, the rights of authors 
and publishers, concisely, clearly and without interruption. A 
few months later he spoke again, shortly, simply and with the 
same result. By degrees, and by his persistent firmness, he 
gained a hearing. He spoke on questions of minor import- 
ance, always as accurately and concisely as possible, never laid 
himself open to attack, and threw down no challenges. This 
went on for a year. In IS'l'.i he began to change his tactics. 
He spoke on the most important measures, made long 



speeches, spoke often, and often provoked reply, but no one 
laughed. The House had grown accustomed to his appear- 
ance, and perceived that he was not to be put down by inartic- 
ulate brutality. — Brande.i. 



TO A SNOW BIRD. 



BV J. C. 



Bkave little harbinger! 

Prompt when the storm is near. 
Hard seems thy lot in the cold winter's snow; 

Why, creature, strange and sweet, 

Choose this chill, lone retreat, 
When other hirds to the covert must go? 

'Tis not that thou must stay, 

'Mid the drift's blinding spray; 
Where other birds shield, there's shelter for thee. 

What stroke of will or fate, 

Urged thee here to wait 
While the fast snow-flakes wreathe hamlet and tree? 

Was it some pow'r divine, 

Willed thee this freak of thine. 
That thou shouldst frisk in the soft, downy snuw. 

So as to prove to all 

How e'en a thing so small. 
Braves life's misfortune and weathers its woe? 

Or was it meant that we 

Contrast ourselves with thee — 
We housed, with bounties, and kind friends to oheer — 

Thou with gaunt hunger pressed, 

Storm-tossed th3' aching breast, 
No ear, save heaven's, thy sorrows to hear? 

Guest of the drift and snow, 

Thou'rt not alone below, 
In that thou differ'st from those of thy kind : 

E'en so with man it is. 

Each has some whims to please ; 
Freaks that the wisest have never defined. 

Ere we have done, sweet bird 

Here let me pledge my word. 
Oft have I pitied thee out in the blast. 

Hadst thou the gift to tell, 

Surely thou'dst speak me well — 
Call round — the last crumbs shall not be the last. 



ITEMS OF EXPERIENCE. 



BV A. M. C. 



T LEFT Salt Lake City in the Fall of 18,54 to perform a 
-^ mission in the Eastern States, to which I had been called 
by the authorities of the Church. I traveled in company 
with President Taylor and thirty-three other persons, some of 
whom were missionaries, as far as St. Louis. I then took 
second class-fare, with a companion-missionary, for New 



m 




^ 



a"TJ'^3Ill^II-.El in^STI^TJOTOI?.. 



71 




York, where we were to meet President Taylor, who had 
already gone to that city. 

Arriving at our destination, we went immediately to the 
post office in the hope of receiving a letter from our president 
telling us where to find him ; this was the plan agreed upon 
as we separated in St. Louis. But there were no tidings for 
us. Our combined funds at this time amounted to no more 
than $3.25, it was therefore useless to think of going to a 
hotel. Fortunately for us I had some relatives living in 
Brooklyn, who although poor and somewhat oppo.sed to the 
gospel, kindly permitted us to remain with them for about a 
week. Wc were thus enabled to save our few dimes and 
prosecute our search for President Taylor. 

Day after day passed and still no letter came. We felt the 
more anxious as we knew that we were burdening our hospit- 
able friends. I applied in vain at several printing offices, 
for work. Finally in glancing over a newspaper I saw an 
advertisement for a private coachman. I made application to 
the agent for the position, and found that the wages were 
fifteen dollars per month and board. 1 was about to accept 
the position, so that I could live without burdening others 
and also be of assistance to my companion, when the thought 
struck me to once more visit the post office. I did so and was 
rewarded by receiving the long-expected letter. 

Myself and companion were not very long in finding our 
president who was exceedingly glad to see us. His anxiety 
had been very great in regard to us, as he had dropped two 
letters in the post for us which had remained unclaimed, the 
reason of which was that he had only directed the same with 
one initial of our names. 

After having a few moments conversation with President 
Taylor he said, turning towards me, "I have just received a 
letter from a sister in Hartford, Connecticut, who desires me 
to visit her, as there is a lady in her neighborhood who is 
very sick, and who is desirous of seeing an Elder of this 
Church. Now," he continued, "I cannot leave New York, 
at present ; will you go in my place?" I replied that I would 
do as he wished. He then told me to go and tell the .sick 
lady in the name of the Lord that she should recover from her 
affliction if she would obey the gospel. As I was about to 
leave, the president asked me if my means were sufficient to 
carry me to my destination. I told him they were not, but 
that an uncle of mine was captain of a ve.s.sel then lying in 
port and I would go and bid him good-bye ; "perhaps," said 
I, "the Lord will open his heart so that he will give me some 

money." 

I went down to the ship of which my uncle was captain, 
and told him of my intended departure. "Well boy," said 
he, (I was at that time only a boy and looked younger than I 
really was) "how will you live?" 

"1 put my trust in God. He wih provide for me," was my 

reply. 

With tears in his eyes the old sea-captain put his hand 
into his pocket and, taking therefrom a twenty dollar gold 
piece, handed it to mo with the remark, "Well if C.oil ever 
gave me a meal of victuals, I don't know it. Hut here, take 
this, and if they don't treat you well where you go, (•(.iik! buck, 
tome. As long as I have money you can .share it." 

Infidel though he was, he had a good heart, and the Li>ril 
opened it at my humble ref|uest, and the old "tar" not only 
gave me money but provided me also with wearing apiiarel 
for my journey. He then bade me a hearty farewell, and 
instructed me in regard to the route I should take in going to 
my field of labor. 



I arrived safe and sound in Hartford, and went 
directly to the home of Sister Miller, the lady who had cor- 
responded with President Taylor, and occasioned my visit. 
She welcomed me heartily and apparently pitied me on account 
of my youthful appearance. After the usual greetings, 
almost the first question was, "Will you speak in the town 
hall on Sunday next?" I said that I would. 

"But," asked Sister Miller, "have i'ou ever spoken in 
public?" 

"No" was my reply, "but I will do the best T can to fill any 
appointment to preach the gospel." 

Preparations were accordingly made for a meeting on the 
following Sabbath, and I passed through the ordeal of getting 
ready for the event. I fasted and prayed to the Lord, asking 
Him to prevent my friends from obtaining the use of the hall 
if He thought me incapable of representing His cause. But 
the hall was thrown open to us. I now prayed that God 
would send .someone to my assistance, as it seemed to me 
that my fear would prevent me from doing justice to His 
cause. I continued, in the meantime, my fasting, and also 
studied the scrii)tures very diligently. To my great joy, how- 
ever, before Sunday, Elder F arrived from the adjoining 

state, and as he was an experienced preacher, I felt relieved. 
I told him about my pr?yer, and he informed me that he was 
visiting his relatives in Mas.sachusetts when an uncontrollable 
desire took possession of him to go to Hartford, and not until 
he arrived at that house did he feel satisfied. He could now 
realize the cause of his great anxiety to reach that city. 

Thus did the Lord again give me a direct answer to my 
humble petition. 

(Tn he Coiitiniied.) 



Orioin ov "Hail Coloibia."— The song of "Hail 
Columbia," adapted in mea.sure to the "President's March," 
was written by Joseph Hopkinson, of Philadelphia, in 1798. 
At that time war with France was expected, and a i)atriotic 
feeling pervaded the community. Mr. Pox, a young singer 
and actor, called upon Hopkinson one morning, and said: 
"To-morrow evening is appointed for my benefit at the 
theatre. Not a single box has been taken, and I fear there 
will be a thin house. If you will write me .some patriotic 
verses to the tune of the "President's iMarch," I feel sure of 
a full house. Several about the theatre have attemi)ted it, 
but they have come to the conclusion that it cannot be done ; 
yet I think you may succeed." Mr. Hopkinson retired to his 
study, wrote the first verse and chorus, and submitted them 
to Mr. Fox, who sang them to a harpsicord accompaniment. 
The tune and words harinoni/.cd. The song was soon finished, 
and that evening the young actor received it. The next 
morning the placards announced that Mr. Fox would give a 
new patriotic song. The house was crowded, the song was 
sung, the audience was delighted. Eight times it was called for 
and repeated, and when sung the ninth time the whole audi- 
ence stood up and joined iti iIk? chorus. Night after night 
"Hail Columbia " was applauded in the theatre, and in a few 
days was the universal .song of the boys in the streets. Svich 
was the origin of our national song, "Hail ('olumhia. " 



M Ai'iM.NKSs is a pcrfunic tiial one caimot shed over another 
without a fi;w drops falling on one's .self. 



%\ 



^ 



£«r^ 




7S 



uTJ^El^ILE IIsrSTI^TJOTOE/„ 




GEORGK (I- CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAROH 1, 1883. 



EDITORIAL THOUaHTS. 




OST fortunate are we who now live and 
are members of the Church of Jesus 
Clirist of Latter-day Saints in having the 
word of the Lord in the Book of Mor- 
mon and book of Doctrine and Coven- 
ants, as well as in the Bible. Having 
these three books, the testimony to the 
truths which they teach becomes very 
strong. The Bible contains the princi- 
ples taught by the authority of heaven to the 
people in the eastern hemisphere. The Book 
of Mormon contains those taught to the peo- 
ple by the same authority in the western 
hemisphere. And the book of Doctrine and 
Covenants contains the revelations of God to the 
people of the earth in our day. 

Though these three books are the records of the 
Lord's dealings with distinct peoples and races, each 
one of them sustains and agrees with the other two. If the 
people on the eastern and western hemispheres, whose 
records the Bible and the Book of Mormon are, could have 
been brought together, they would have been one people in 
faith, in hope, in church government and organization, and in 
everything necessary to true spiritual unity. 
Let us illustrate this idea. 

Suppose that the Jareditcs, when they had prophets of the 
Lord among them, and were living according to their teach- 
ings, had been visited by people from the eastern hemisphere, 
who also had true prophets among them whose teachings they 
obeyed; would tliey have disagreed concerning the character 
of God, or the great, cardinal truths of heaven? Most 
as.suredly not. They, being taught of God, and having His 
Spirit, would have understood those truths alike. 

Suppose again, that a ievi of the Nephites had succeeded 
in reaching Jerusalem, a few years alter the crucifixion of the 
Lord, and had attended a meeting of the apostles and saints 
there ; would they have had difficulty in believing what 
Peter, James or John taught? Certainly not; for the be,stof 
all reasons: they had received the Holy Ghost, as the 
apostles and saints at Jerusalem had. That Spirit teaches 
nothing but the truth, whether in America or Asia, whether 
in the year of our Lord .33, or in the year of our Lord 
ISS.l 

If, therefore, some of the Nephites and the .lewish .saints 
were to visit the Saints who are now living, and see their 
ordinances administered and hear their teachings, they would 
recognize them instantly as the same ordinances and the same 
doctrines which they had obeyed when they were in the flesh 
at .Jerusalem or at the land Bountiful. There would be no 
difference. 

Let us take an exami)le from our own times. Elders have 
gone to various lands and to various peoples to preach the 
gospel. Though speaking different languages, those who 
embrace the truth and gather to /ion, drop into their 



places and mingle with the people as though they had been 
taught together for years. The more they have of the Spirit 
of God, the more they appear to be of one faith and one 
heart and mind with those already gathered. 

The church of Christ, therefore, among the .Jews at Jeru- 
salem, among the Nephites in South America, and among 
the people who now live, is the same church in every minute 
particular. The organization is alike, the officers are alike, the 
ordinances are alike and the doctrines are alike. The truths of 
God are eternal. They do not wear out or become changed by the 
lapse of time. Whatever it required to save a man in the 
kingdom of God 1850 years ago, it requires to-day. Those 
who will be so fortunate as to get into the presence of God 
and the Lamb, will not reach there by means of faiths and 
ordinances diffijring one from the other. 

One apostle or prophet cannot say: "I did not believe in 
the atonement of the Son of God when I was in the flesh, 
and yet, you see, I am here among the redeemed." 

Another cannot say : "I did not believe in the ordinances of 
baptism in water for the remission of sins, and the laying on 
of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, and yet the Lord 
has admitted me into His presence." 

Another cannot say: "When 1 was on the earth I did not 
have revelation from God or any of the gifts of the Holy 
Ghost, for I did not believe He would bestow these upon men 
in my day ; yet he has permitted me to enter His glory with 
you." 

Another cannot say: "You, old prophets and apostles, 
were very unfortunate to be per.secuted and killed as you 
were. It was not necessary. Why did you offend the people 
by finding fault with their doctrines and modes of worship? 
I never made them angry about these matters. I advocated 
doctrines which were popular. I sought the favor and 
applause of men; and I am just as well off now as you are." 

If such persons as these were there it would not be heaven. 
There would be strife and contention, just as there is here on 
earth. Each would say his doctrines and his methods were 
the best. 

But the redeemed who will dwell iu the presence of God 
and the Lamb will be of one heart and of one mind. They 
will be those who have obeyed every law and ordinance of 
God, which he has given for man's salvation, and entire 
harmony will prevail. 



One of the great advantages in having these three records 
is, that from them we can gather truthful ideas concerning 
God and godliness. 

Many people who call themselves religious do not know 
what to believe about God. Some ministers say there is no 
personal God; and some say there is no personal devil. 
Some go so far as to say there is no heaven and no hell; that 
man is not the offspring of God ; that he did not fall into sin ; 
and that there was no need of an atonement or a Savior. 

When their ministers teach such ideas the people become 
very un.settled in their minds. They do not know what to 
think. If they turn to the Bible they do not know what part 
is true and what is not; for they have been taught that it 
does not always mean what it says. Thus they are in a 
terrible dilemma. But how different it is with us! We know by 
the testimonies of three records, written by various peoples, in 
various lands under different circumstances respecting all these 
points. They are the Bible, the record of thcJaredites and the 
record of the Nephites. Besides these we have the revelations 
of God in our own day. 






crTJ^En^iLE izsrsTi^xjOTOi^. 




They teach us the character of God. We know that 
He has a body ; that Jesus was in His express image. We 
also know that an angel of God, who was in authority in the 
presence of God, rebelled against the Son, and was thrust 
down from the presence of God and the Son, and was called 
perdition ; he was Lucifer, Satan or the devil. Upon this 
God's word is positive in all these records ; also respecting 
heaven and hell, the fall of man and the atonement of the 
Savior, and the ordinances of salvation and the doctrines of 
the gospel. But, best of all, there is the testimony of the 
Holy Ghost, which men, and women, and children receive who 
obey these doctrines and ordinances. That is a sure witness, 
and it confirms the teachings of all these records. So that 
everyone who receives this has within him a testimony which 
is from God, and which delivers him from doubt and gives 
him certainty. In this way every person may know for him- 
self by the revelations of the Lord to him, that these princi- 
ples are true. Even children can have this knowledge. 



THE REFORMERS. 



•^ 



COTEMPORARY with Huss in the same country lived a 
man who now holds an honorable place among the 
pioneers of the Reformation. He advanced no new ideas or 
doctrines nor did he establish any sect, but his fame was 
obtained through his great friendship for Huss, for whom he 
diligently labored and for whose principles he suffered death. 
This man was 

JEROME OF TRAGUE, 

the surname being given him after his native city. The exact 
date of his birth is not known, but it occurred sometime between 
the years 1360 and 1 .370. His parents were doubtless in com- 
fortable if not affluent circumstances, for he was early sent to 
the university of Prague, and after completing his .studies 
there, went to Paris, Heidelberg and Cologne. In the first- 
named place he graduated as master of arts. He also spent 
some time in Oxford attending the university where he 
became acquainted with the doctrines of Wickliffe, of 
which he became a zealous promulgator on his return home. 
He reached Prague from his joarneyings in the year 1407 and 
immediately joined with Hu>s iu his denunciation of clerical 
abuses. This brought hiiu iruo diartpute with the clergy, but 
did not injure him materially in the mind.s of the masses. 
His reputation for learning, sagacity and energy became so 
great that his advice was solicited by the king of Poland in 
regard to the founding of an important university, and the 
king of Hungary invited liim to deliver a discourse in his 
presence. Jerome sojourned in Hungary for some time and 
by hia eloquence and zeal soon won many admirers and friends; 
but his teachings soon cau^^ed him to be .suspected of Wiekliffitc 
heresies, and he was compelled to flee into Austria in order to 
escape from the hands of his enemies. Arriving iu A'ienna, ho 
was seized and thrown into prison, but his release was soon 
efiFected through the influence of his friends. 

All these events instead of cau>ing Jerome to relinquish 
hiB belief and ideas only strengthened him in hi.s determina- 
tion to oppose the jiontifical power. We nixt find him in his 
native city united again with Huss in docliiirniiig against the 
wrongs which were then being commiltc'd under the garb of 
religion, and even after the departure of his friend to attend 
the council before which he had been called to trial, Jeroiuo 
remained in I'rague and defended hini.^clf against the attacks 



l«'--i. 



of the clergy. As he heard, however, of the injustice to 
which Huss was subjected he went of his own accord to Con- 
stance in the hope of being able to stem the tide of prejudice 
then existing towards the Reformation. His eflForts proving 
fruitless and the news that he received in regard to the cause 
in which he was engaged so discouraged him that he set out 
on his return home. Although unprovided with the "safe- 
conduct" of .the king, he would, doubtless, have reached his 
destination in safety, had he not acted very imprudently. It 
was while resting at Hirschau on his homeward jnnrney that 
he allowed his feelings to gain the mastery over him, and in 
the presence of the clergy he denounced in violent language 
the great injustice of the pope in allowing Huss to be impris- 
oned and tried by his avowed enemies. The result of this 
passionate outbreak was the arrest of Jerome and his return 
to Constance where he was manacled and confined in a dismal 
dungeon. These events occurred in April and May, 1415. 

Incarcerated in a lonely cell for several months, Jerome 
had time for reflection, and his ardor was thereby cooled, for 
as he was brought before the council, September 23d, 141.5. 
He made a full retraction of all errors against the Catholic 
faith, and especially those of Wickliffe and Hu.ss. This did 
not, however, satisfy his opposers, who were thirsting for his 
blood, and new articles were prepared for his approval. Three 
times was he brought into court, new questions being pro- 
pounded to him each time. Finally on the lavt occasion, all 
timidity seems to have left him. In bold and vigorous lan- 
guage he solemnly recalled the words which had been wrung 
from his lips eight months previous. He said, "Of all the sins 
that I have committed since my youth, none weigh so heavily 
on my mind and cause me such keen remorse as that which I 
committed in this evil place when I approved of the iniquit- 
ous sentence given against Wicklifi'e, and against the holy 
martyr John Huss, my master and friend." These remarks 
sealed the doom of the prisoner. Fiuir days thereafter his 
.sentence was pronounced, his only reply to the same being an 
appeal to the Supreme Judge before whom both he and his 
accusers must one day stand. Two days were allowed him in 
which to make his peace with God, and he was then led to 
the .stake; the fagots were piled around him, and he com- 
manded the executioner to apply the torch before his eyes, he 
remarking, "If 1 were afraid, I would not be here." His 
ashes, like tho.se of his companion martyr, were carefully 
gathered and sprinkled on the waters of the Rhine. 

Jerome of Prague can lay no claim to originality. He was 
an ardent admirer of Hu.ss, a thorough believer in the doc- 
trines advanced by Wickliffe, and a violent ojiposer to the 
unjust claims of the church of Rome. .Vlthough his mind 
was variously accomplished, and his knowledge was extensive, 
he lacked moral weight — a characteristic so essential to a 
leader. He was bold even to rashues.s, but his temper was by 
no means even, and often when brought to the test, he was found 
lacking in bravery. He was not as merciful towards those 
whom he had in hispnwi'rand who entortained views different 
to his own, as he should have been, for when his influence 
with the uionnrchsgave him power, he imprisoned the monks, 
and even ordered one of them thrown into the .Moldau r'ver. 
Yet, notwithstanding these faults, his influence was such as 
to be felt for good, and his tra»;ic end at once places himin 
the list of the martyrs (if the li'Cormation. 



Anniiiii.atk nut the merciis nf tliid 
ingratitude. 



hv Ihi' 



:f 



74: 



CTTJiTEiNmijEi i:n"sti^tjotoi^. 



THE DECLARATION OF INDE- 
PENDENCE. 



'T^HE assemblage of men who adopted and signed the 
-*• Declaration of Independence is universally conceded to 
have been one of the greatest congregations of intellect and 
patriotism which the world has ever seen. A review of their 
lives convinces us that there were indeed "giants in those 
days" — giants of morality and intelligence. It was reciuisite 
that they should have these qualities in the highest degree, 



have pursued their holy object with no less fidelity than was 
shown by the men of '76, and in the face of a persecution no 
less vindictive than that endured by the fathers of the 
revolution. 

The signers of the Declaration were nearly all natives of the 
soil. Only eight were of what might be termed foreign birth; 
but among these exceptions to the rule of birthplace are the 
honored names of Wilson and Witherspoon, two of the most 
staunch and accomplished adherents of the cause; and also 
that of Morris, who, excepting Washington, more than any 





for they were arraigning themselves, and the cause 
which they represented against the mighty power of 
Great Britain. And it is a fact that only those men 
who are conscious of their own purity of motive and rectitude 
of action, dare place themselves openly in defiance of a vast 
majority — especially where the results must, in all human pro- 
bability, prove disastrous to their personal interests and may 
even cost their lives. The children of the Latter-day Saints 
ought particularly to realize this ; for their fathers have 
braved public opinion and at the cost of life and property 



other one man is to be accredited with the success of American 
arms in the final struggle. The majority of theno were 
in affluent circumstances; so they are far removed from the 
aspersion of selfishness. Most of them were men of educa- 
tion, followers of the professions, while the others were pos- 
sessed naturally of a great intellectual force. So it is always. 
No great revolution in government can be successful unless 
the body of the "rebels" is led by an intelligent head. As to 
locality of representation they must be indiscriminately 
divided. They were chosen not for their residence but for their 




m 



J-TJ^EDtTILE IJ^STI^TJOTOie/. 




worth. Patriotism and ability were the sole tests. Age had 
but little weight, apparentlj% for the venerable Franklin at 
seventy years was there side by side with the ardent Rutledge, 
who was between twenty-five and thirty. Their average 
age at the date of .signing was forty-three years. "Old men 
for council; young men for war," says the proverb. In this 
assemblage was gathered a happy union of both classe s. To 
this fortunate combination we may ascribe the combined wis- 
dom and ardor which characterized their deliberations. 

The "signers" made their master stroke before the country 
at a critical time. The colonies were already embroiled in a 
death struggle ; and that warfare seemed likely to continue 
indefinitely until victory was achieved or death or slavery 
accepted. The men who made our Charter of Liberty lived 
through that time of struggle. They saw the republic estab- 
lished in peace after years of war ; and most of them lived to 
see the perfect fruition of their loyal hopes in the wonderful 
growth of the nation. The average duration of life of these 
noble men was more than sixty-eight years. Charles Carroll, 
of Carrollton, one of the bravest and best, was the last and 
oldest survivor. He died at the age of ninety-five — on the 
14th day of November, 1S32 — full of years and honors. 

Our illustration shows this august congregation of the 
representatives of the colonies in council, while they are in 
the act of receiving the Declaration from the hands of the 
Committee of statesmen who had prepared it. This was the 
most important moment in American history. The brief time 
occupied in accepting this "Bill of Right.s" spans the wide 
gulf which exists between serfs and freemen, between a trib- 
utary region and a great and independent nation. The 
immediate mission of these men was fulfilled when they saw 
the republic firmly established ; but they and their works did 
not and will not die; for they furnish to all the youth of 
America a bright, eternal record for emulation. The .signers 
of the Declaration gave all they had to the cause of human 
freedom. They reaped from this sowing not only freedom, 
hut the grateful tribute of all the generations which succeed 
them. They were inspired. And as the inevitable result, the 
work which they accomplished has become far greater than 
themselves. 

The names of these noble men are John Hancock, Josiah 
Bartlett, William Whipple, Matthew Thornton, Samuel 
Adams, John Adams, Robert Treat Paine, Elbridge G-erry, 
Stephen Hopkins, William Ellery, Roger Sherman, Samuel 
Huntington, William Williams, Oliver Wolcott, William 
Floyd, Philip Living-ton. Francis Lewis, Lewis Morris, 
Richard Stockton, John Witherspoon, Francis Hopkinson, 
John Hart, Abraham Clark, Robert Morris, Benjamin Rush, 
Benjamin Franklin, John Morton. George Clymer, Jame.s 
Smith, George Taylor, James Wil.son, George Ross, Cwsar 
Rodney, George Read, Thomas .M'Kean, Samuel Chase. 
William Pace, Thomas Stone, Charles Carroll of Carrollton, 
George Wythe, Richard Henry Lee, Thomas Jefferson, 
Benjamin Harri.son, Thomas Nel.son, Jun., Franci.s Lightfoot 
Lee, Carter Braxton, AVilliam Hooper, Jo.seph Hcwcs, John 
Peun, Edward Rutledge, Thomas Heywanl, Jun., Thomas 
Lynch, Jun., Arthur Middloton, JJutton (Iwinuctt, Lyman 
Hall and George Walton. 




All conditions are full of complaints, from him that trud- 
gen on his clouted skoe, to him who can scarce mention the 
manners or the fortunc.^i of the iiiiilliliidc without some 
expressions of contumely and disdain. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



( ContinvM from page .'5;i. ) 

ON Friday, the 11th. of September, the mob steadily but 
cautiously advanced towards the city, taking great care 
to select the places of marching, as they were afraid of secret 
mines. Their cannon loaded with grape and canister were 
fired at the companies of volunteers who were endeavoring to 
check their advance. They fired three rounds at Enquire 
Wells" house, where his family was at the time. One of the 
shot tore up some brick at his well ; another struck near his 
barn, and the third passed over his house, just missing a 
young man who was sitting there watching their movements. 
William Gheen and his party, who had charge of a cannon, 
succeeded in checking their advance somewhat, and though 
the mob made several attempts to outflank the volunteers they 
were unsuccessful. The missiles which were fired from Cap- 
tain Gheen's cannon, as well as the others, consisted princip- 
ally of old irons and bar lead, cut and put into .?mall sacks. 
At one or two points the mob forces were repulsed and driven 
back. Several families, some of whose members were sick, 
living in the east part of the city of Nauvoo, had to vacate 
their premises hastily, for the mob cannon balls pas,scd their 
doors and struck in their lots. They fled and left everything 
in their houses. In the evening, after the firing had ceased, 
they returned with teams to their dwellings, and removed 
their clothes, etc.; but their furniture was mostly left. 

On Saturday, the 12th, a flag of truce was brought into the 
city with the following communication : 
'"To the Commniiflflr of the Mormon forces hi N^nnroo: 

"Sir — The forces under my command, a.s.scmbled as a posse 
comitatus, now encamped within half a mile of your city, are 
determined to enter the same by force unless a surrender be 
immediately made. * 

"From motives of humanity I am prompted to give you an 
opportunity to save the destruction of life and property. 

"You can surrender on the following terms : 

"]st — Deliver up your arms to our charge, to be returned as 
soon as your people shall have left the Slate. 

"2nd — The army under my command to enter the city with- 
out molestation — for the purpose of making arrests, the men 
having pledged themselves to me individually and severally, 
not to destroy life or property unless under my command ; and 
I i)ledge my.solf to you that, if you surrender, no i^operty 
shall be destroyed or life taken, unless absolutely necessary in 
self-defense. 

"If you see proper to .surrender, you can signify the same 
by nine o'clock this morning, if not, theconscf|uencns bo upon 
your own head. 

"TlIOS. S. ]{|10IKMAN, 

Commander-in-chief of posse a.ssembled by 
John Carlin, Hancock Co., Tils." 
To which the follow iug reply was made and sent back in 
about two hours: 

"lli:.\i> QiAUTF.us, Ills. A'ol. C.vmi', 

\.M\<i(), Sept. 12th, l);.l()a. m. 
"To T. S. BitncKMAN, 

Com. of Forces near this place : 
"Sill — Your communication of the 12th inst., sent in my 
camp this moment under flag of truce, is before me ; and after 
duo dclilK'ralion I reply; inasmuch as (here is no coiiiiiiati(ler 
hero (if Mormon forces, I take the liberty to answer your 
letter. 



ib 



m 




76 



J-TJ'V^Ell^inL.E Il^STI?.TJ0T02e, 




"1 am conjmii'.oioned by the governor and commander-in- 
chief of the Illinois Militia to disperse your forces in the name 
of the people of Illinois. 

"Your proposition, directed to the commander of the Mor- 
mons, can not be complied with. While I deprecate the shed- 
ding of blood, even in upholding the laws of our state, I am 
determined to carry out the instructions of the executive of 
the state of Illinois. So far I have acted on the defensive, 
and for the sake of humanity, if for no other purpose, I hope 
you will at once see the propriety and justice of dispersing 
your forces. The armed force under your command is not 
necessary for any lawful purpose in this city or county. 

''There are a number of highly respectable gentlemen in this 
city from abroad, who are desirous that there should be no 
bloodshed. Among them, I would name the Hon. John 
Woods, mayor of the city of Quincy, and J. P. Eddy, Esq., 
merchant of St. Louis, Mo. They will be the bearers of this 
communication. 

"Any proposition which you may be pleased to make, tend- 
ing to avoid the taking of life, will be considered. 
"I am, sir, very respectfully. 
Your obedient, servant. 

BEN.rAMiN Clifford, Jr. 
Major Com. Ills. Militia." 

The citizens of Nauvoo had remained during the night at the 
points most likely to be attacked, and had occupied the time ' 
in erecting breastworks. Major Clifford occupied Beach's 
tavern as his head quarters ; and (!!olonel Johnson, who com- 
manded in the field, being sick, the command in the field 
devolved upon Lieut.-Col. Wm. E. Cutler, with Daniel H. 
Wells as his aid. After the mob received Clifford's reply, 
they commenced the attack with a good deal of vigor ; and 
cannonading and firing on both sides were very brisk. Captain 
Anderson of the "Spartan Band, ".who had displayed great 
bravery throughout the entire fight, was shot in the breast by 
a musket ball. He lived fifteen minutes, and his last words 
were those of encouragement to his men. He exclaimed as 
he was hit, "I am wounded; take my gun and shoot on." 
His son Augustus L. Anderson was struck by a cannon ball, 
which hit him in the side and broke his arm. He lived only 
a few moments. He was aged lourteen years, and was the 
first person shot while fighting, as he previously remarked he 
would do, for his mother. The command of the "Spartan 
Band," after the death of Captain Anderson, devolved upon 
Captains Alexander McKae and Almon L. Fullmer. Hiram 
Kimball was slightly wounded in the head by a splinter. 
David Norris was killed by a cannon ball, which passed 
through his shoulder, Benjamin Whitehead was shot in the 
leg, and John C. Cambell in the foot. Curtis E. Bolton was 
also hit by a bullet, which, however, did not penetrate the 
flesh. Some of the mob were killed and wounded and they 
were compelled to retreat. The Warsaw Signal, a bitter 
mobocratic sheet, said that their reason for retreating was 
their cannon balls were exhausted, and their commander 
deemed it imprudent to ri,-k any further advance without 
these, and ordei-ed the men to be drawn off; but, if their can- 
non balls had held out ten minutes longer, they believed they 
would have taken the city. They stated that they had about 
five hundred men and four pieces of artillery engaged in the 
action; and they thought there was not on record an instance 
of a longer continued militia fight than occurred on that day. 
The tSif/iiiil stLVc the "Mormons" the credit of having stood 
their ground manfully. Considering how few there were to 
defend >>'auvoo,and the character of the artillery which they had 




manufactured, the defense was very remarkable. The success 
which attended the efforts of the citizens to repulse the enemy 
was due to their bravery and the energy and zeal of their com- 
manders, as well as to the fear which the mob had of the 
"Mormons." It has always been the case, in every difficulty 
in which the Latter-day Saints have been involved from the 
commencement until the present, that a fear of them has 
rested upon their enemies. Though few in number, the Lord 
has made them terrible in the eyes of those who have sought 
their overthrow. 

( To he Continued. ) 



EARLY REMINISCENCES. 



BY J. H. H. 



(Continued from pfiti^e .53.) 



r\N the 6th of Nov., 18.51, I was notified of my appoint- 
^-^ ment to take charge of a small branch of the Church in 
Havre. John Hyde, Jun., was the only prominent Elder in 
Jersey Island at that time, and he had been expecting this 
appointment, and had called on me to help him to raise means 
for clothing, etc., so that he might be prepared. When I 
announced my appointment to him, he pulled his hair savagely, 
paced wildly up and down his room, and did not attempt to 
conceal his disappointment. He finally subsided with the 
following, soliloquy: "They will have to place me in charge of 
this conference. It will sound well, John Hyde, .Jun., presi- 
dent of the Ohannel Islands conference. Yes, it would sound 
very well!" The young man failed, however, to realize his 
ambition, although he did a vast amount of wire pulling in 
order to obtain it. He failed to learn this lesson and to realize 
the sublime sentiments wr-itten by the Prophet Joseph Smith 
while in Liberty jail; "That the rights of the Priesthood are 
inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the 
powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon 
the principles of righteousness. That they may be conferred 
upon us, is true ; but when we undertake to cover our sins, or 
to gratify our pride, our vain ambitions, or to exercise control, 
or dominion, or compulsion, upon the souls of the children of 
men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold the heavens 
withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the Lord is grieved ; and 
when it is withdrawn, amen to the Priesthood or authority 
of that man. Behold ! ere he is aware, he is left unto him- 
self, to kick against the pricks ; to persecute the Saints, and 
to fight against God." 

The means that had been raised for the Elder who should 
be appointed to preside at Havre being still intact were given 
to the writer who embarked on a small fi.shing boat and 
arrived on the French coast after a pleasant sail of three and 
a half hours. I lauded at a village named Port Cail, where I 
took the stage to Caen, from thence by steam-boat to Havre, 
being two days on the way. On the following Sunday I 
preached twice, and baptized Marie Gould, and confirmed her 
a member of the Church. I soon afterwards baptized two 
other persons. The brethren of the branch were a great 
help to me, and all the Saints were kind and generous, doing 
all in their power for my comfort during the few weeks I 
remained with them. 

On the 2nd December the following proclamation was on 
every public wall: "To the inhabitants of Havre! The 





crTJ"v^Ensrix_>E x2>tst:rtj<ot(d:r. 







peace of'France has been menaced by the Assembly. It has 
been dissolved. The president of the Republic will make an 
appeal to the nation. He submits loyally to the people of the 
nation the righc to decide on his action. The population of 
Paris has received this indispensable event with enthusiasm. 
The government will give you all the power necessary to pre- 
serve order." It was soon learned that the president, Louis 
Napoleon, had in this Coup d'Etat imprisoned two hundred 
representatives. 

On the 10th of Dec, 1S51, Elder Curtis E. Bolton wrote to 
me from Paris as follows: '"Never were sailors ice bound 
through a hard Winter more glad at the breaking up of the 
ice in the warm Spring than I was at the receipt of your letter. 
For eight days I had been without a letter from any quarter, 
I did not dare write myself, supposing no letter would leave 
Paris. Your letter was truly a treat to me. It showed like 
Noah's dove that tbe tompest was over. You were right, 
dear brother, in assuring the beloved flock under your care of 
my perfect safety. Yes, Jehovah and His Son have not only 
insured my safety, but my peace of mind. I was here during 
the carnage which took place not far from my abode. I heard 
it all but it did not disturb me. I continued my writing — cor- 
recting proof sheets of the Book of Mormon. I feel like 
Alma when Amulek told him that the people would perhaps 
burn them ; he answered : 'Be it according to the will of the 
Lord, but behold our work is not finished, therefore they burn 
us not.' This is my feeling; it fills my soul with peace and 
joy, and I move along quietly amid the war of elements, and 
the wreck of nations, and put my trust in the Almighty." 

On the 20th of December, on the day of the election, a con- 
ference was held in Paris by President J ohn Ta^'lor who had 
just returned from Germany. Elder Curtis E. Bolton was 
appointed president of the French mission. Louis A. Bertrand 
and the writer were ordained to the High Priesthood, and set 
apart in the above order as his counselors, when President 
Ta.vlor gave the following instructions, which have not been 
published until now : 

"I will now say a little upon the order of the Church and 
your relative positions and claims. You, Brother Bolton, are 
president and must act wisely and sustain that position 
in righteousness. You must each and all so act that 
union may always be maintained among yourselves. It i.s not 
necessary for you to seek for the faults of each other, we all 
have faults enough, but search always for good, and not for 
evil. We are none of us perfcf t at present, we all have our 
weaknesses, imperfections and infirmities. You must endeavor 
to never give offense one to the other. If you will be united 
as the heart of one man you shall be blessed of trod more 
abundantly than you can now comprehend. If there be 
iniquity in individuals let not that di^turb your minds, but 
leave that to be set right by the pre>idouoy; but for you, keep 
your minds on the principles of truth, and respect and honor 
tbe authority and coun.-els of the servants of <jod. If you 
depart from them you will not be able to stand. If you should 
reject their counsels and authoritj', the same spirit will be 
infused into others, who then will not respect, but will reject 
yours. If you will be failbrul and obedient to counsel, you 
shall possess abundantly the Spirit of ("..id, whii-h shall be 
manifest among you more and more, and the jK-ople shall 
know that you are SCI vants of the most high (joti. I want 
you to attend unto all these things as though 1 wis present 
with you, and my spirit and bles-ing shall abide with you, and 
blessings will thus be brought upon the licails of this peopb;. 
il you will walk right before God, you shall know those things 



Vs>^ 



to be true. Another word also. You have received a portion 
of the Priesthood, not to exalt you in pride, but to assist you 
in your works of faith, and in aiding to buildup the Kingdom 
of God. I wish that your minds should always be united as 
one. For when you are united, then you possess power, but 
when you are disunited you are resisting the power of God. 
Let the councillors search after the spirit of the president, 
and seek to know his wi.shes, and be obedient in all things to 
his counsels, and the Spirit of God shall rest upon you, and 
when you pray for blessings which you need, God will answer 
you. Brother Bolton, in all your doings be calm and tranquil 
and while they search for your spirit you search for theirs also. 
If Brother Bolton shall preach or do that which is evil, it is 
not for you to regulate him, but such things may be reported 
to President F. D. Richards or any of the Twelve Apostles; 
but if any other person in this mission shall do evil it is for 
you. Brother Bolton, to regulate and decide. If there be any 
iniquity in the Church it is for you to expose it tir.-t kindly, 
but if the person will not walk correctly, you must deal with 
that member according to the laws of the Church, for you 
must not allow iniquity to exist among you, for if you do, God 
will require it at your hands. At the same time it is necessary 
to act with wisdom and mercy. And if any man come among 
you and speak not according to these things receive him not, 
but reject him. 

"It is truth which you have received; keep it sacred, treasure 
it up in your hearts and live by it, that you may be saved with 
the people of God. If you walk uprightly and righteously 
the things of God shall be made known to you by dreams and 
by visions and you shall rejoice exceedingly in the things of 
God. Avoid all jealousy, and do all you can to build up the 
kingdom of God. Never seek for your own honor and glory, 
but seek the honor and glory of God. If you seek only your 
own honor you will lose it, and the glory of God also. Attend 
unto these things and God will bless you, and I bless you, 
now, in the name of .Jesus Christ, amen. " 
[Til he CoiitiniiciL) 



A NOBLE EXAMPLE. 



A BOUT the year 1776, a circumstance occurred which 
■^"^ deserves to be written on adamant. In the wars of 
New England with the aborigines, the JFohegan tribes of 
Indians early became friends of the English. Their favorite 
ground was on the bank of the river (now the Thames), 
between New London and Norwich. A small remnant of the 
Mohcgans still exists, and they are scarcely protected in the 
possession and enjoyment of their favorite domain on the 
banks of the Thames. The government of this Irihe had 
become hi're<lilary in the family of the celebrated chief 
Uncas. During the time of m.v father's mercantile prosperity 
ho ha<l employed several Indians of this tribe in hunting 
animals, whose skins were valuable for their fur. Among 
these huDtcrs was one named Zichnry, of the royal race, an 
excellent hunter, hut as drunken and worthless an Indian iis 
ever lived. When \w liail sniiicwhat pas.scd the :ige of fifty, 
several meniliers of the royal (ainily who stiuid between 
/achary and tlie throne of his Irihe, (iicil, and he found him- 
Holf with only one life hetweeti him and the empire. In this 
moment his belter genius re>uine(i its sway, and he reflected .seri- 
ously. "How can such a drunken wnlch as I am aspire to be lh(! 
chief of this hoiiiirabic race? What will niy people say? and 



,,-,,-,^f\ 



^ 




76 



crTJ"V"E]isrii_,Ei i:]NrsTi?.TJOToi^. 





"1 am commissioned by the governor and commander-in- 
chief of the Illinois Militia to disperse jour forces in the name 
of the people of Illinois. 

"Your proposition, directed to the commander of the Mor- 
mons, can not be complied with. While I deprecate the .shed- 
ding of blood, even in upholding the laws of our state, I am 
determined to carry out the instructions of the executive of 
the state of Illinois. So far I have acted on the defensive, 
and for the sake of humanity, if for no other purpose, I hope 
you will at once see the propriety and justice of dispersing 
your forces. The armed force under your command is not 
necessary for any lawful purpose in this city or county. 

''There are a number of highly respectable gentlemen in this 
city from abroad, who are desirous that there should be no 
bloodshed. Among them, I would name the Hon. John 
Woods, mayor of the city of Quincy, and J. P. Eddy, Esq., 
merchant of St. Louis, Mo. They will be the bearers of this 
communication. 

"Any proposition which you may be pleased to make, tend- 
ing to avoid the taking of life, will be considered. 
"I am, sir, very respectfully. 
Your obedient, servant. 

Ben.iamin Clifford, Jr. 
Major Com. Ills. Militia." 

The citizens of \auvoo had remained during the night at the 
points most likely to be attacked, and bad occupied the time 
in erecting breastworks. Major Clifford occupied Beach's 
tavern as his head quarters ; and (!olonel Johnson, who com- 
manded in the field, being sick, the command in the field 
devolved upon Lieut. -Col. Wm. E. Cutler, with Daniel H. 
W^ells as his aid. After the mob received Clifford's reply, 
they commenced the attack with a good deal of vigor; and 
cannonading and firing on both sides were very britk. Captain 
Anderson of the "Spartan Band, ".who had displayed great 
bravery throughout the entire fight, was shot in the breast by 
a musket ball. He lived fifteen minutes, and his last words 
were those of encouragement to his men. He exclaimed as 
he was hit, "I am wounded; take my gun and shoot on." 
His son Augustus L. Anderson was struck by a cannon ball, 
which hit him in the side and broke his arm. He lived only 
a few moments. He was aged fourteen years, and was the 
first person shot while fighting, as he previously remarked he 
would do, for his mother. The command of the "Spartan 
Band," after the death of Captain Anderson, devolved upon 
Captains Alexander McRae and Almon L. Fullmer. Hiram 
Kimball was slightly wounded in the head by a splinter. 
David Norris was killed by a cannon ball, which passed 
through his shoulder, Benjamin Whitehead was shot in the 
leg, and John C. Cambell in the foot. Curtis E. Bolton was 
also hit by a bullet, which, however, did not penetrate the 
flesh. Some of the mob were killed and wounded and they 
were compelled to retreat. The Warsaw Signal, a bitter 
mobocratic sheet, said that their reason for retreating was 
their cannon balls were exhausted, and their commander 
deemed it imprudent to ri,-k any further advance without 
these, and ordered the men to be drawn off; but, if their can- 
non balls had held out ten minutes longer, they believed they 
would have taken the city. They stated that they had about 
five hundred men and four pieces of artillery engaged in the 
action; and they thought there was not on record an instance 
of a longer continued militia fight than occurred on that day. 
The Sif/niil gave the "Mormons" the credit of having stood 
their ground manfully. Considering how few there were to 
defend Nauvoo, and the character of the artillery which they had 



manufactured, the defense was very remarkable. The success 
which attended the efforts of the citizens to repulse the enemy 
was due to their bravery and the energy and zeal of their com- 
manders, as well as to the fear which the mob had of the 
"Mormons." It has always been the case, in every difficulty 
in which the Latter-day Saints have been involved from the 
commencement until the present, that a fear of them has 
rested upon their enemies. Though few in number, the Lord 
has made them terrible in the eyes of those who have sought 
their overthrow. 

( To he Coiitiimed. ) 



EARLY REMINISCENCES. 



BY J. H. H. 



[Continued from page .5.3. 



/^N the 6th of Nov., 18.51, I was notified of my appoint- 
^-^ ment to take charge of a small branch of the Church in 
Havre. John Hyde, Jun. , was the only prominent Elder in 
Jersey Island at that time, and he had been expecting this 
appointment, and had called on me to help him to raise means 
for clothing, etc., so that he might be prepared. When I 
announced my appointment to him, he pulled his hair savagely, 
paced wildly up and down his room, and did not attempt to 
conceal his disappointment. Ho finally subsided with the 
following, soliloquy: "They will have to place me in charge of 
this conference. It will sound well, John Hyde, Jun., presi- 
dent of the Channel Islands conference. Yes, it would sound 
very well!" The young man failed, however, to realize his 
ambition, although he did a vast amount of wire pulling in 
order to obtain it. He failed to learn this lesson and to realize 
the sublime sentiments written by the Prophet Joseph Smith 
while in Liberty jail: "That the rights of the Priesthood are 
inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the 
powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon 
the principles of righteousness. That they may be conferred 
upon us, is true ; but when we undertake to cover our .sins, or 
to gratify our pride, our vain ambitions, or to exercise control, 
or dominion, or compulsion, upon the .souls of the children of 
men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold the heavens 
withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the Lord is grieved ; and 
when it is withdrawn, amen to the Priesthood or authority 
of that man. Behold ! ere he is aware, he is left unto him- 
self, to kick against the pricks ; to persecute the Saints, and 
to fight against God." 

The means that had been raised for the Elder who should 
be appointed to preside at Havre being still intact were given 
to the writer who embarked on a small fishing boat and 
arrived on the French coast after a pleasant sail of three and 
a half hours. I lauded at a village named Port Call, where I 
took the stage to Caen, from thence by steam-boat to Havre, 
being two days on the way. Ou the following Sunday I 
preached twice, and baptized Marie Gould, and confirmed her 
a member of the Church. I soon afterwards baptized two 
other persons. The brethren of the branch were a great 
help to me, and all the Saints were kind and generous, doing 
all in their power for my comfort during the few weeks I 
remained with them. 

On the 2nd December the following proclamation was on 
every public wall: "To the inhabitants of Havre! The 



e 




0"U"^rEisriT_.E iisrsTi?.TJOToi?.. 




11^ 

k 



peace of*France has been menaced by the Assembly. It has 
been dissolved. The president of the Republic will make an 
appeal to the nation. He submits loyally to the people of the 
nation the right to decide on his action. The population of 
Paris has received this indispensable event with enthusiasm. 
The government will give you all the power necessary to pre- 
serve order." It was soon learned that the president, Louis 
Napoleon, had in this Coup d'Etat imprisoned two hundred 
representatives. 

On the loth of Dec, 18.tI, Elder Curtis E. Bolton wrote to 
me from Paris as follows: "Never were sailors ice bound 
through a hard Winter more glad at the breaking up of the 
ice in the warm Spring than I was at the receipt of your letter. 
For eight days 1 had been without a letter from any quarter, 
I did not dare write myself, supposing no letter would leave 
Paris. Your letter was truly a treat to me. It showed like 
Noah's dove that the tempest was over. You were right, 
dear brother, in assuring the beloved flock under your care of 
my perfect safety. Yes, Jehovah and His Son have not only 
insured my safety, but my peace of mind. I was here during 
the carnage which took place not far from my abode. I heard 
it all but it did not disturb me. I continued my writing — cor- 
recting proof sheets of the Book of Mormon. I feel like 
Alma when Amulek told him that the people would perhaps 
burn them ; he answered : 'Be it according to the will of the 
Lord, but behold our work is not finished, therefore they burn 
us not.' This is my feeling; it fills my soul with peace and 
joy, and I move along quietly amid the war of elements, and 
the wreck of nations, and put my trust in the Almighty." 

On the 20th of December, on the day of the election, a con- 
ference was held in Paris by l^resident John Ta^'lor who had 
just returned from Germany. Elder Curtis E. Bolton was 
appointed president of the French mission. Louis A. Bertrand 
and the writer were ordained to the High Priesthood, and set 
apart in the above order as his counselors, when President 
Taylor gave the following instructions, which have not been 
published until now : 

"I will now say a little upon the order of the Church and 
your relative positions and claims. You, Brother Bolton, are 
president and must act wisely and sustain that position 
in righteousness. You must each and all so act that 
union may always be maintained among yourselves. It is not 
necessary for you to seek for the faults of each other, we all 
have faults enough, but search always for good, and not for 
evil. We are none of us perfect at present, we all have our 
weaknesses, imperfections and infirmities. You must endeavor 
to never give offense one to the oilier. If you will be united 
as the heart of one man you shall be blessed of God more 
abundantly than you can now comprehend. If there be 
iniquity in individuals let not that di>lurb your miud>., but 
leave that to be .set right by the proideucy; but for you, keep 
your minds on the principles of truth, and respect and honor 
the authority and coun>els of the servants of God. If you 
depart from them you will not be able to stand. If you sli.mld 
reject their coun-els and authority, ihe .same spirit will be 
infu.sed into others, who then will not respect, but will reject 
yours. If you will be faithful and obedient to counsel, you 
shall possess abundantly the Spirit of God, which shall be 
manifest among you more ami more, and the people shall 
know that you are .set vants of the most high God. I want 
you to attend unto all these things as though 1 wis present 
with you, and my spirit and blesiing shall abide with you, and 
blessings will thus be brought upon the heads of this ptDjile. 
If you will walk right before (}od, you shall know these thing.s 



to be true. Another word also. You have received a portion 
of the Priesthood, not to exalt you in pride, but to assi.st you 
in your works of faith, and in aiding to build up the Kingdom 
of God. I wish that your minds should always be united as 
one. For when you are united, then you possess power, but 
when you are disunited you are resisting the power of God. 
Let the councillors search after the spirit of the president, 
and seek to know his wishes, and be obedient in all things to 
his counsels, and the Spirit of God shall rest upon you, and 
when you pray for blessings which you need, God will answer 
you. Brother Bolton, in all your doings be calm and tranquil 
and while they search for your spirit you search for theirs also. 
If Brother Bolton shall preach or do that which is evil, it is 
not for you to regulate him, but such things may be reported 
to President F. D. Richards or any of the Twelve Apostles; 
but if any other person in this mission shall do evil it is for 
you. Brother Bolton, to regulate and decide. If there be any 
iniquity in the Church it is for you to expose it tir.-t kindly, 
but if the per.son will not walk correctly, you must deal with 
that member according to the laws of the Church, for you 
must not allow iniquity to exist among you, for if you do, ( !od 
will require it at your hands. At the same time it is necessary 
to act with wisdom and mercy. And if any man come among 
you and speak not according to these things receive him not, 
but reject him. 

"It is truth which you have received; keep it sacred, treasure 
it up in your hearts and live by it, that you may be saved with 
the people of God. If you walk uprightly and righteously 
the things of God shall be made known to you by dreams and 
by visions and you .shall rejoice exceedingly in the things of 
God. Avoid all jealousy, and do all you can to build up the 
kingdom of God. Never seek for your own honor and glory, 
but seek the honor and glory of God. If you seek only your 
own honor you will lose it, and the glory of God also. Attend 
unto these things and God will bless you, and I bless you, 
now, in the name of Jesus Christ, amen." 
(To he Continued.) 



A NOBLE EXAMPLE. 



A BOUT the year ITTCi, a circumstance occurred which 
■^^ deserves to be written on adamant. In the wars of 
New England with the aborigines, the I\Iohegan tribes of 
Indians early became friends of the Engli.-ih. Their favorite 
ground was on the bank of the river (now the Thames), 
between New London and Norwich. A small remnant of the 
Mohegans still exists, and they are scarcely protected in the 
possession and enjoyment of their favorite domain on the 
banks of the 'i'liames. The government of this trihe had 
become hereditary in the family of the celebrated chief 
Uncas. During the time of my father's mercantile prosperity 
he had om|iloyed several Indians of this tribe in hunting 
animals, whose skins were valuable for tluir fur. Among 
these hunters was one named Z ichary, of the royal race, an 
excellent hunter, but as drunken mid worlhlessaii Indian as 
ever lived. Wlu^n he had ."-otiiewhat passed the ngo of fifty, 
several iiicmbcrs of the royal family who stood between 
Zaehary and the throne of his tribe, died, and he found him- 
self with iinly one life lietween him and the iinpire. In this 
moment hi'< licllcr genius re^ume(! itssway. and In; retleeted.'ieri- 
ou^ly. "How can such a drunken wn leli as I am aspire lobe the 
chief of this houorable race? What will my people tay? and 



v2>^ 





78 



CrXT-VEn^ILE] IIsTSTI^/TJOTOS:,. 




how will the shades of my noble ancestors look down indig- 
nant upon such a base successor? Can I succeed the great 
Uncas? [ will drink no more ! " He solemnly resolved never 
again to taste any drink but water, and he kept his resolu- 
tion. 

I had heard this story, and did not entirely believe it ; for 
young as I was, T already partook of the prevailing contempt 
for Indians. In the beginning of May the annual election of 
the principal officers of the (then) colony was held at Hart- 
ford, the capital. My father attended officially, and it was 
customary for the chief of the Mohegans also to attend. 
Zachary had succeeded to the rule of his tribe. My father's 
house was situated about midway on the road between Mohe- 
gan and Hartford, and the old chief was in the habit of com- 
ing a few days before the election, and dining with his brother 
governor. One day the mischievous thought struck me,, to 
try the sincerity of the old man's temperance. The family 
were seated at dinner, and there was excellent home-brewed 
beer on the table. I addressed the old chief— "Zachary, this 
beer is excellent ; will you taste it?" The old man dropped 
his knife and fork — leaned forward with a stern intensity of 
expression; his black eye, sparkling with indignation, was fixed 
onme. "John," said he, "you do not know what you are doing. 
You are serving the devil, boy ! Do you not know that I am 
an Indian? I tell you that I am, and that, if I should but 
taste your beer, I could not stop until I got to rum, and 
became again the drunken, contemptible wretch your father 
ramembers me to have been. John, while you live, never 
again tempt any man to break a good resolution." Socrates 
never uttered a more valuable precept. Demosthenes could 
not have given it in more solemn tones of eloquence. I was 
thunder-struck. My parents were deeply affected ; they looked 
at each other, at me and at the venerable old Indian, with 
deep feelings of awe and respect. They afterwards frequently 
reminded me of the scene, and charged me never to forget 
it. Zachary lived to pass the age of eighty, and sacredly 
kept his resolution. He lies Vjuried in the royal burial place 
of his tribe, near the beautiful falls of the Yantic, the west- 
ern branch of the Thames, in Norwich, on land now owned by 
my friend, Calvin Goddard, Esq. I visited the grave of the 
old chief lately, and repeated to myself his inestimable 
lesson. Selected. 



THE EVE OF REVOLUTION. 



liV .J. II. w. 



"Freedom, lliy lii-o\v, 
Glorious in beauty tliouj;li it bo, i.s sacred 
Witli tolcens of old wars; tby massive limbs 
Arc strong with struggling. Power at thee has launched 
His bolts, and with his lightnings smitten thee. 
They could not quench the light tliou hast from heaven." 

Al fHO has failed to observe on a calm summer day the 
' * elements of a storm collecting silently, imperceptibly, 
gradually, until the whole heavens grew dark, and the light of 
the sun was hid? The calm was changed into a tempest, the 
lightning flashed, the thunder roared, the clouds piled up 
thicker and heavier until at length the storm burst, the rain 
fell in torrents deluging the earth and in some cases uprooting 
the plants it was designed to nouri.sh and strengthen. 

So, too, in tlie political world the forces gather gradually, 
until they have attained sufficient power, and then burst 
upon the affrighted nations in all the tumult of a terrible 
revolution. 



There are few intelligent people in this age but what have a 
general idea of the history of the world ; yet how compara- 
tively few are there who realize the fact, that in the seventy- 
five years which elapsed between 1775 and 18.50 the great 
majority of civilized nations passed through a great social and 
political change. Among the nations so affected may be men- 
tioned .the United States, France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, 
Greece, Belgium, Poland, Hungary, Turkey, Mexico, Central 
America and nearly all the South American states. To this 
may be added the great commotions in Russia, Sweden, 
Norway, Denmark, Holland, Switzerland and the states of the 
German empire caused by the wars of Napoleon. In England, 
Ireland and Canada, wars were only averted by civil reforms 
and concessions to popular rights. 

For Europe this epoch was the result of the struggles of 
generations. At the close of the seven years' war in ]7ij3 the 
representatives of even the Catholic powers admitted the 
decay of old institutions. The Catholic monarchies headed 
by the pope, in their .struggle against Protestantism and free 
thought had encountered defeat. From this great struggle 
came forth a principle of all-pervading energy. The life- 
giving truth of the Pi,eformation was the right of private .judg- 
ment. The world was rising up against superstition ; the 
oppression of industry was passing away. The use of reason 
was no longer considered a crime, but was on the other hand, 
considered a duty. Ideas of the brotherhood of man were 
flashing across the minds of leading men. 

At this juncture a remarkable political writer made his 
appearance. From the discipleship of Calvin, from the 
republic of Geneva, from the abodes of poverty, .Jean Jacques 
Rosseau came'as the advocate of the poor and the oppressed. 
Through him the "sons of toil" breathed out their wrongs, 
and a new class gained a voice in the world of published 
thought. Though full of weaknesses and jealousies and 
betraj'ed by poverty into shameful deeds, he possessed a deep 
and real feeling for humanity. In an age of skepticism he 
solaced the ills of life by trust in God. Fearlessly questioning 
all the grandeurs of the world, he breathed the spirit of revo- 
lution into words of flame. What though the church of Rome 
cursed his writings with her ban ; and parliaments burned them 
at the gibbet by the hangman's hand! What though France 
drove him from her soil, and the republic of his birth disowned 
her son! \Vbat though the wise and noble hooted at his 
wildness ! Yet from the woes of the world in which he had 
suffered, from the wrongs of the down-trodden which he had 
shared, he derived an eloquence that went to the heart of the 
masses of Europe. Bej'ond most men of his time he saw the 
hand of Providence in the history of men. 

"Nor God alone in the still calm we find. 

He mounts the storm and rides upon the wind." 

Institutions may crumble and governments fall, but it is 
only that they may renew a better youth ; the petals of the 
flower wither that fruit may form. On the banks of the 
stream of time not a great deed has been done by a hero, or 
monument raised by a nation, but tells the story of human 
progress. Each people that has disappeared, every great 
institution that has passed away, has been but a step in the 
ladder by which humanity ascends to a higher plane. The 
generations that handed the truth, from tank to rank down 
the ages, have themselves become dust; but the light still 
increases its ever-burning flame. From the intelligence that 
had been slowly ripening sprang the American revolution. 
While Rosseau was putting his burning thoughts in print, and 
Voltaire, the prince of scoffers, was hurling his venomed 



^S^: 





°^^ 



CTTJ^El^TILE! Il^STIE^TJOTOI?.. 



79 







shafts of sarcasm at the priesthood of the Roman church ; 
farther north was the little country, Holland, which had already 
gained a large share of civil and religious liberty. Here 
thought ranged through the wide domain of speculative 
reason ; here the literary fugitive found an asylum, and the 
boldest writings, which in other countries were circulated by 
stealth, were openly published to the world. 

AVhile the [learned and thoughtful men of Europe were 
thinking, the ijioncers of America were acting. Nothing 
could restrain them from peopling the wilderness. To be a 
land-owner was the ruling passion of the New England man. 
In general, marriages were early and very fruitful. The sons, 
as they grew up skilled in the u.se of the ax and the rifle, 
would, one after another, mo.ve from the old homestead ; and, 
with a wife, a yoke of oxen, a cow and a few necessary imple- 
ments, build a small hut in the forest and by dint of industry 
soon win for themselves plenty and independence. The beau- 
tiful lines of Albert B. Street well describe the circumstances 
as well as the character of the men who founded American 
institutions and moulded the national character : 

"His echoing ax the settler swung 
Amid the sea-like solitude, 

And rushing, thundering down were flung 
The Titans of the wood. 

Loud shrieked the eagle as he dashed 

From out his mossy nest, which crashed 
With its supporting bough, 

And the first sunlight leaping flashed 
On the wolf's haunt below. 

"Rude was the garb, and strong the frame 

Of him who plied his ceaseless toil : 
To form the garb, the wild-wood game • 

Contributed their spoil ; 
The soul that warmed that frame disdained 
The tinsel gaud and glare, that reigned 

Where men their crowds collect; 
The simple fur untrimmed, unstained. 

This forest tamer docked. 

"His roof adorned a pleasant spot, 

'Mid the black logs, green glowed the grain, 
And fruits and plants the woods knew not 

Bloomed in the sun and rain. 
The smoke-wreath curling o'er the dell, 
The lowing herds— the tinkling bell, 

All made a landscape strange. 
Which was the living chronicle 

Of deeds that wrought the change. 

"Humble the lot, yet his the race, 
When liberty sent forth ho.r cry. 
Who thronged in conflict's dtadliesl place 

To flght— to bleed -to die; 
Who cumbered Hunker's hight of red. 
By hope through weary years wuro led 

And witnessed Yorktown's sun 
Blaze on a nations banner spread — 
A nation's freedom won." 
A century and a half had now pius.-ed since I be first colony 
had been planted on American soil. The colonists were i'asit 
ripening into litness for indcpcndeiii«. They had increased 
with marvelous rapidity. Europe never n•as^^A to .send forth 
her needy tliousands. America opened wide lier Imspitable 
doors and gave a.Msurancc of liberty and comfort to ail wlio 
came. The thirteen colonies now contained a population of 
about three millionH. 

Up to the year ITi'if, the Americans clierisbcd a deep rever- 
ence and atlcctiou for the mother country. They were 
Toud to be considered British subjects, and of the lofty place 



England held among the nations of the earth. They gloried 
in thesplendor of her military achievements. They copied her 
manners and her fashions. Her language, laws and literature 
were as fondly cherished by the colonists as by the English 
themselves. 

Why was it then that such a marvelous change should take 
place in the minds of the American people, during the next 
twelve j'ear.s? In 1 7i'>4 the colonists loved England as their mother 
country. In 1776 they had learned to despise her authoritj'. 
They bound themselves, by solemn oaths, to use no article of 
English luanufacture. They publicly burned the Acts of the 
English Parliament. They even killed the king's soldiers and 
cast from them forever his authority. T>y what terrible magic 
was this change wrought so swiftly; that three millions of 
people should be taught to abhor the country they once loved? 
To answer this question rightly we must remember that the 
cause of the colonists was one of popular rights against 
royal prerogative, that the best and wisest men in England 
were in favor of the colonists; that even William Pitt (the 
greatest statesman England had ever seen) declared openly in 
Parliament, ''I rejoice that America has resisted." 

We must also bear in mind that for many years England 
had governed her American colonies harshly; and in a spirit 
of undisguised selfishness, America was ruled not for her 
own good but for the good of English commerce. The 
colonists were not allowed to export their products except to 
England. No foreign .ships were permitted to enter colonial 
ports. Whatever were the exorbitant demands of English 
manufacturers or merchants, still the colonists were not per- 
mitted to buy at a cheaper market. Still more, certain goods, 
wollen for example, were not allowed to be sent from one colony 
to another. The manufacture of hats was forbidden, and even 
the Bible was not allowed to be printed in America. 

The colonists had long borne the cost of their own govern- 
ment and defense. But in that age of profuse expenditure on 
useless wars, the king and nobility of England thought to 
gather from America's toiling sons the means to pay for their 
own misrule. The Parliament of England passed a law to tax 
America. The colonists replied they were willing to vote what 
monies the king required of them ; but they vehemently 
denied the right of any assembly, in which they were not 
represented, to take fi-om them any portion of their property. 
Another law was also passed requiring a royal stamp to be 
placed on every legal document. Benjamin Franklin had been 
sent to P>ngland by the colonists. Ho went to plead their 
cause before the British government. He told them i)lainly 
that the colonists could not submit to such taxation. The act 
was to come in force on the first of November, 17('>.;. On that 
day the church bells were tolled, :iiid the people wore the 
aspect of tho.se on whoiu some heavy calamity had fallen. Not 
one of the stamps was ever .sold in America. Without stamps 
mercantile transactions cea.sed to be binding, notes were not 
legal, marriages were null. Vet the business of life went on. 
Men married; they b(jnght ; they sold^illegally, because 
without stamps; but no barm came of it. 

England heard with amazement that .Vmerica refu.sed to 
obey the law. The great statesman, Pitt, denounced the act, 
and, at length, it was repealed. The repeal of the stamp act 
oiily ilclaycil for a little t]u: fast loining crisis. 

It was during this agitation that the colonists (ir>t felt llie 
need of a coTnmercial and political union. The idea ol" a 
general congress of the states was suggested, which soon after- 
wards mot in the city of New York. 

(To U ronlhiiinl.) 



^^^ 




"'^^^jTJ^' 



CTTJ^IEIlISriLE] II^rSTIRTJGTOi^. 



hakk: listen to the trumpeters! 



Music by L. D. Edwards. 



March morem en t. 



'Jl: 



zr 



LEi3=5 



-=i—:X 



m^ 



:d: 



Hafk! 



lis - ten to 



I 



i=r 



^m 



the trump-et - ers! They sound for vol - un 






:tz^p: 



1 — r 



teers ; 



==]- 



On Zi-on's bright and 



-is- 






=fe 



icT 



^- — I 



^=^= 



=]= 



:i=:S— g=r^; 



wmm. 



^=--i: 



:^= 



L-=J: 



:=1: 



=:^= 



-» — «pi- 



flowery mount Behold the of - fio - ers. Their hors - es white, and armor bright, With courage bold they 
:•- ••: :P: b^ 






:^-"« 



-^^; 






:t 






r— r 



mareh to 




Zi 



g 



land. 



^3E^ 



It sets my heart all in a flame 

A soldier brave to be ; 
I will enlist, gird on my arms, 

And fight for liberty. 
We want no cowards in our bands, 

Who will our colors fly ; 
We call for valiant-hearted men. 

Who re not afiald to die. 

To see our armies on parade. 
How martial they appear! 

All armed and dressed in uniform, 
They look like men of war. 

They follow their great General, 
The great Eternal Lamb — 

His garments stained in His own blood- 
King Jesus is His name. 

The trumpets sound, the armies shout— 
Tlicy drive the hosts of hell; 

IIow dreadful is our God t' adore^ 
The great Emanuel. 



— I r- 

Sinners enlist with Jesus Christ, 

Th' eternal Son of God, 
And march with us to Zion's land, 

Beyond the swelling flood. 

There on a green and flowery mout, 

Where fraits immortal grow, 
With angels all ariayed in white, 

We'll our Redeemer know. 
We'll shout and sing for evermore 

In that eternal world. 
While Satan and his army too 

Shall down to hell be hurled. 

Lift up your heads, ye soldiers bold. 

Redemption's drawing nigh: 
We soon shall hear the trumpet sound 

That shakes the earth and sky. 
In fiery chariots we shall rise, 

And leave the world on fire: 
And all surround the throne of love, • 

And join the heavenly choir. 



i 




TriE answer to the Charade published in No. 3, is LlfiliT- 
Hou.se, We have received correct folutions from Lovina E. 
Brewer, William Richins, Hennefer; Mary Helen Holt, South 
Jordan; J. W. Brown, Kanarra; Wm. L. Walters, Wells- 
ville; David Needham, Jun., St. George; Willard Sorenson, 
Mendon; Fannie E. R. Cbapman, Johnson Springs; Tho.s. 
D. Brown, Harrisville; E. K. Hawkins, Benjamin; Stephen 
A. White, Willard; Frank W. Merrill, Albert J. Curtis, 



Logan ; Martha J. Haslam, Amelia T. Cannon, Maggie E. 
Harmon, Salt Lake City. 



^» ^ — »♦- 



The study of literature nourishes youth, entertains old age, 
adorns prosperity, solaces adversity, is delightful at home, 
unobtrusive abroad, deserts us not by day nor by night, in 
journeying nor in retirement. 




