

EOLINESS TQ TBELQEB. 



&&ri& 




VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1874. 



NO. 8. 



CHINESE WORSHIPIITG. 




IE you were to visit San Francisco, and go to the Chinese 
quarter where the people from China reside, you would 
have no trouble in rinding a Chinese place of worship. You 
might have to go through narrow streets and up alleys to find 
it. in such places as you would never think of going to look for 
a temple; but there you would find scenes not unlike those in 
this engraving. Figures of almost every ugly kind; for their 
figures or idols are fierce, disagreeable-looking images. Such 
gods as they, 
must be vi ry 
unpleasant to 
think about, 
and would, we 
should think, 
inspire more 
fear than any- 
thing else. The 
God of Heaven, 
our Father, is a 
God of love. 
We are drawn 
towards H i m 
by the know- 
ledge that He 
is kind and 
merciful, full of 
compassion, 
and that He 
loves His chil- 
dren; but. judg- 
ing by the f ig- 
u r e s be f o r e 
which the poor 
Chinaman wor- 
ships, he must 

tbink bis god 
a terrible being, 
and worship solely out of fear and to avert his anger. 

A writer, speaking about the worship of the Chinese, say-: 

'if you were to go with me into a Chinese city. I could show 

you a multitude of idols—temples full of idols; large and small 

idols in the streets; idols in the shops; idols in the dwelling 

touses; in the courts; in the kitchen; in the bedrooms; in the 

aries; in the halls of reception — idols everywhere — idols ol 




stone, and wood, and earthen-ware, and china-ware, and copper, 
and clay (which are by far the most common), and idols painted 
on paper; idols laughing; idols angry; idols weeping; idols old 
and idols young; idols of the rich and idols of the poor; idols 
for all trades and professions, and for all conditions and circum- 
stances of life; gods of the hills, and fields, and streams, and 
ocean, and winds, and rain. Some worship the wide heaven; 
some the moon and stars; some the gods authorized by the 

State. Others 
think these of 
SO high rank 
that they fear 
they may not 
secure their at- 
tention, so ap- 
peal to a host 
of inferior dei- 
ties — gods of 
stones, and 
trees, and wells, 
and men, and 
beasts, and 
birds, and ants, 
and w o rin s . 
Y o u w o U 1 d 
think the great 
business of the 
Chinese was to 
w o rsh i p. the 
shrines of the 
idols take up so 
in u c b room; 

t h e y are SO 
g and y with 
flowers, natural 
and artificial, 

and bright eol 

ors and gilt paper, with a display of fruits and burning tapers 
and incense. And then there are so many birthdays of the 
go. Is celebrated with shows, and theatres, and processions, 

including such an expenditure of money and time, that one 
becomes quite bewildered in thinking about it. The subject is 

a' most I eyond any proper study. The customs of the different 
provinces, and departments, and districts, and towns, and I'm 





86 



J" TJ "V IE IT I L E3 IE"STRTJCTOE/ 




lies, are very different, and there is no standard of appeal — 
every one doing what apears right in his own eyes, or following 
the instructions of the fortune-tellers and priests, who profess 
to be initiated, but never give a reason that is intelligent." 




ZFZRAJZT OIF ZDISOZBEZDIZEnSTCE. 



BYT. E. DANIELS 




IN the winter of 1869-70, while I was on a mission to the 
Eastern States, the incidents which I am about to relate, 
occurred. They possessed a peculiar interest for me at the 
time, and an account of them may not be uninteresting to the 
readers of the Instructor, especially as it will serve to 
show the strong prejudice and superstitious dread with which 
many people regard the Latter-day Saints, or as they are com- 
monly called, the "Mormons." 

In company with Brother Fairbanks, with whom I was trav- 
eling, I visited some of his relatives and stayed a while in the 
State of New Jersey. From here we took a trip into the 
northern part of New York State, where we remained some 
time and then returned to New Jersey. During our absence 
the incidents alluded to occurred. 

Near what is called Ponipton Plains, New Jersey, a family 
consisting of parents and three children, lived near the edge of 
a patch of timber land. One evening in the latter part of 
December, the two elder children, aged respectively nine and 
five years, went to a hickory tree about half a mile from the 
house to gather nuts, contrary to the bidding of their mother, 
who had charged them strictly not to go. Before the mother 
had time to go after them night came on, and to make matters 
worse, it commenced raining. She called loudly for them, but 
no answer was returned from the little truants. The night 
grew pitchy dark and the mother's anxiety increased. What 
was she to do? Her husband not yet returned from his work, 
no houses near or help at hand, and she alone with her young 
babe, not daring to leave it to go and search the missing ones. 
As she waited and looked in vain for their return, her anxiety 
became almost unbearable, and she started out with her child 
in her arms, but the rain drove her back. Soon afterwards her 
husband returned, and the hurried story of his children's 
absence needed no repeating to rouse him to action. He started 
immediately in search of them. He went to the hickory tree, 
but no children were there. He called aloud, but was answered 
only by the wind whistling through the trees. After satisfying 
himself that they were not in that vicinity, he returned home 
fondly hoping that the little ones had by that time reached 
there. But in this he was disappointed. The wind had now 
set in pretty strongly and the air was keen with frost. 

What to do, now was the question, for it was certain the 
children were|lost, and, being thinly clad, if they were not soon 
found they must certainly perish. The father ran to the near- 
est neighbors, a distance of half a mile, and gave the alarm. 
As soon as possible a company of fifteen or twenty men and 
boys were collected to assist in the search. But by this time 
it was near midnight, and no tidings had been heard of the 
little wanderers. 

Their arrangements for searching were hurriedly made. 
They divided into squads and went in different directions, calling 

udly as they went and searching everyplace where they could 



imagine the children could have strayed, and thus the search 
was continued all night till the men were almost tired out and 
frozen. Morning dawned upon that desolate cottage — a cold 
and cheerless morning to its inmates, for no relief had yet come 
to the anxious parents. Another call was made upon the 
people to continue looking for them and they turned out and 
scoured the country, but in vain, for not a sign of the missing 
children could be found. Thus the second night passed. As 
the news of the loss spread through the district additional 
interest and anxiety were awakened, "and the sympathetic neigh- 
bors turned out in force to aid the bereaved parents in seeking 
the lost ones. As the time passed the hope of finding them 
alive died out, but the efforts did not cease. About four miles 
from the house there were large iron works that employed 
about three hundred men, and on the third day these workmen 
turned out en masse and increased by their number the force 
engaged in the search. They organized, and examined, as they 
thought, every foot of land in the vicinity, but with the same 
discouraging result. 

A number of Spiritualists resided in the neighborhood, also 
some "fortune-tellers;" and they were applied to, to divine, if 
possible, where the children were. They pretended to do so, 
but their stories conflicted fearfully, and all conjectures failed. 
It was finally suggested that they had been kidnapped. A 
couple of "Mormon" elders it was said had been in that vicin- 
ity and they were suspected of having spirited them away and 
sent them to Salt Lake. This was only one among a great 
manj T reports circulated against the Latter-day Saints, all of 
which gained ready credence. A reward of three hundred 
dollars was offered for the recovery of the children; and a 
great many, stimulated by the desire to gain the reward, spent 
days in searching them. 

Thus matters went on for about three weeks, towards the 
last the search being prosecuted at intervals only; when one 
Sunday two or three neighbors decided on going over ,[the 
ground once more, with a faint hope of finding them. About 
three quarters of a mile from the house they noticed a number 
of crows flying around in the air and hopping upon the tree 
tops, a short distance from them. Though they paid little 
attention to the crows at first, as they approached them their 
attention was attracted by the peculiar actions of the birds, 
indicating that there was some unusual attraction for them in 
the vicinity. Near by was a high ledge of rocks, under which 
they saw some .of the crows fly. They made their way under 
this ledge to wh3re the crows seemed to be busy, when to their 
horror, they discovered the remains of the missing little ones, 
but so disfigured as hardly to be recognizable. They had wan- 
dered there to find shelter, and there perished. The elder of 
the two had manifested a noble disposition in the hour of their 
extremity for it appeared that he had taken off his little coat 
and tenderly covered it over his little sister to protect her from 
the cold. Much of their flesh had been eaten off by the crows 
when found, but their remains were carefully taken to their 
sorrowful, heart-broken parents. 

The next day there was a funeral at the Methodist church 
near by, attended by old and young of the entire neighbor- 
hood, assembled to see conveyed to the last resting place the 
bodies of the children whose loss they all felt so keenly. No 
language can describe the feeling of those bereaved parents. 
Their sorrow was too deep for words to express. 

We visited the place a short time afterwards, saw the cliff 
under which the children died, and learned how their final 
recovery had relieved us of the imputation of having kidnapped 
them. 





J" TJ -^TIEIN- 1 LB IITSTEUCT.O.B 




There is a lesson which every child who reads the Instruc- 
tor may learn from this sad narrative: the necessity of obedi- 
dience to parents. In obedience only is there safety. Though 
those grief-stricken parents forgave in their hearts the little 
act of disobedience which robbed them of their loved ones, it 
was none the less true that had they been obedient as they 
ought to their mother they would not thus have met their fate. 



tdszie Lionsr j^nsriD hvhottsie. 



A LESSON is conveyed in the the following fable, which our 
young readers will do well to remember: 

A lion had lain down to sleep in the forest, and some mice 
running over him broke his rest. Starting up, and getting one 
one of them under his paw, he was about to crush it to death, 
when the mouse asked for pardon in very moving terms. It 
begged him not to stain his good name with the blood of so 
humble a creature as itself; and the lion, after a moment's 
thought, had pity on the little trembling thing, and let it go 
unharmed. 

Afterwards the lion, when chasing his prey, chanced to be 
caught in the snares spread for 
him by hunters: and unable to 
free himself, he made the val- 
ley ring with his cries of rage- 
His greatest efforts were in 
vain; for the snares were fas- 
tened to posts beyond his reach. 
Suddenly he beheld upon one 
of these a little mouse, who 
bade him fear nothing. This 
was no other than his former 
captive, who had no sooner 
heard his voice of distress than 
he had hastened to the spot. 
The mouse was now able to 
give his friend the very help 
he needed. Gnawing the cords 
of the snare with his sharp lit- 
tle teeth, he soon set the lion 
at liberty, and received from 
him afterwards many proofs of his thankfulness. 

The time may come when everything turns upon the help of 
the smallest friend; hence a kind action may bring its reward 
when least looked for. 




—&*~ 



DYING WORDS. 




""ITiss me, Hardy — I thank God I have done my duty." — 

IV Lord Nelson. 

"Head of the Army." — Napoleon. 

"Don't give up the ship." — Lawrence. 

"It is well." — Washington. 

"I must sleep now." — Lord Byron. 

"I feel as if I were going to be myself again." — Sir Walter 
Scott. 

"Don't let that awkward squad fire over my grave." — Robert 
Burns. 

"Clasp my hand, my dear friend, I die." — Alfieri. 

"Let the light enter." — Goethe. 

"Into thy hands, Lord." — Tasso. 

"What! is there no bribing death?" — Cardinal Beaufort. 
'It matters little how the head lieth." — Sir Walter Raleigh. 



"I pray you see me safe up, and for my coming down let me 
shift for myself." (Ascending the scaffold. )— Sir Thomas 
More. 

"I'm shot if I don't believe I'm dying." — Chancellor Thur- 
low. 

"Give Dayroles a chair." — Lord Chesterfield. 
' "Independence forever. ' ' — Adams. 

"I have loved God, my father, and liberty."— Madame de 
Stael. 

' 'Be serious. " — Grotious. 

"I resign my soul to God, and my daughter to my country." 
— Jefferson. 

"It is the last of earth." — John Quincy Adams. 
"I wish you to understand the true principles of the govern- 
ment. I wish them carried out. I ask nothing more." — 
Harrison. 

"I have endeavored to do my duty." — Taylor. 
"A dying man can do nothing easy." — Franklin. 
"Let me die to the sound of delicions music." — Mirabeau. 
"Let not poor Nelly starve." — Charles II. 
"All my possessions for a moment of time. " — Queen Eliz- 
abeth. 

"It is small, very small in- 
deed." (Clasping her neck. ) 
— Anne Boleyn. 

' 'There is not a drop of blood 
on my hands. ' '—Frederick T. , 
of Denmark. 

"Is this your fidelity?" — 
Nero. 

"You spoke of refresh- 
ments, my Emilie; take my 
last notes, sit down to my 
piano here, sing them with 
the hymn of your sainted 
mother; let me hear once more 
those notes which have been 
so long my solacement and de- 
light. ' ' — Mozart. 

"God preserve the emper- 
or." — Haydn. 

"The arterty ceases to 
( Selected. 

■» 9 ^h < ^ 

The Little Smoker.— "I once knew a little boy of great 
energy, and as full of fun as an egg is of meat, who, brave as 
a lion when his physical courage is taxed, sometimes fails when 
he is bantered to do wrong. He is called Jimmy. He has 
been taught never to use tobacco, but the other day some 
larger boys tried to bribe him to smoke by offers of candy, but 
he resisted till one ventured to call him a coward, and said: 'I 
know what is the matter; Jimmy is afraid to smoke. ' Full of 
impulse, and not wishing to be considered a coward, he smoked 
two pipes of tobacco. You never saw a sicker fellow in your 
life. He tried to keep it concealed from his mother, but she 
detected the difficulty, and it was not a little funny to hear him 
say, as he cried with sickness. 'I wouldn't smoke again for all 
the candy in town. ' 

"Be sure your sin will find you out. Buys and girls, noth- 
ing is more sure than this. Sometimes it finds you early, some- 
times late, but it will find you out. Wrong-doing leaves its 
traces on the soul, which finds expression in the eyes, features 
and manners, just as sure as anything in the world. True 
courage is never to do wrong, but always to do right." 



beat,"— Haller. 





88 



J TJ "7" IE 1ST I L IE IZDTSTDR/TTCTOIR, 




^ |iag'$ if<rua$e ^routttl t(|c 1JM& 



BY G. M. 0. 



A TRAMP ACROSS THE ISTHMUS. 




BY arranging with our host, we procured a hoat, and started 
early in the morning to visit the ruins of the old city, a 
little over four miles to the eastward, by water, from Panamn. 
The bay was very calm and smooth, and, as we were used to 
the oars, it did not take us long to reaeh the mouth of the 
little stream that at one time ran through the ancient city. 
The beach was lined with large masses of volcanic and conglom- 
erate rock, and the banks of the little creek were hedged with a 
dense and impenetrable growth of vines and trees. We had 
some difficulty in securing our boat, and when secured, our 
host, a good-natured Irishman, who ha 1 visited the place 
before and acted as guide, had some difficulty in finding the 
path or opening in the thickly interlaced bushes. We scrambled 
and pushed our way through, scratching our flesh and tearing 
our clothes, for quite a distance, when we entered a clear space. 
Tliis was the plaza of the city. We rambled around through 
the bushes for an hour over the site of the old town, but, 
although there were numerous foundations, arches and walls, 
and other traces of buildings to be seen, they were in so ruinous 
a condition and so covered with the forest growth, we could 
form no idea of their proportions or use. One old square 
tower alone reared its head above the tall palms. This was 
called the tower of San Jerome, and was erected about the 
year 1665, as a watch tower. We worked our way back to the 
boat and partook of a lunch that our guide had provided, and 
then spent the rest of the day fishing, in which occupation, by 
the way, we were not very successful. As night set in we 
pulled our boat towards Panama, leaving the moon shining on 
the old watch tower that stood like a tall sentinel guarding the 
ruined walls that lay silent and forsaken in the shadow of the 
dark forest. 

After a week's sojourn, Hank and I packed up our traps in 
a couple of clothes bags, preparatory to taking our tramp 
across the Isthmus of Darien. With hearts as light and as 
thoughtless as usual with seamen, we bale farewell to our 
shipmates, who, by the way, smiled as they shook hands and 
predicted that we would return in a few days. 

We shouldered our bags containing our scanty wardrobe, all 
we possessed, on a bright morning, and "headed for the Gulf 
of Mexico.'' We passed out of the north-western gate, over 
the moat, now filled wich rubbish, into the suburls called Santa 
Ana, a little village as ruined and tumbled-down in appearance 
as its neighbor. Aneon loomed up on our left, and a few miles 
before us, also on our left, rose the "Cerro de los Bucaneros'' 
(Hill of the Buccaneers.) It was from this hill that Morgan 
first obtained a sight of the old city. The road was paved for 
a few miles out of the city; it was the same that at one time 
connected Panama with Porto Bello. The day was flue and 
nature seemed decked in all her glory, as she can array herself 
only in tropical latitudes. Trees, flowers, vines and tall grass, 
waved and swung by the breeze, sent out delicious odors; and 
tall palms waved their fan-like arms. Giant cedros, covered 
with many-colored vines, knotted, twisted and plaited around 
their trunks, from root to top, shaded the road. Slender 
bamboos pointed into the air, and mangrove bushes, bananas, 
espales, and a thousand other plants and trees, all intermingled 

th varied and gorgeously-tinted flowers and leaves, lined our 



pathway. Red-breasted tucans, green-winged parrots and 
black and golden turpiales flew and fluttered in and out among 
the trailing vines and interlacing branches. Gay lizards, 
sparkling like pearls and diamonds, darted over the road and 
up the tree trunks. Indeed nature seemed to riot in prodigality 
of beautiful animal and vegetable life. 

We followed the old paved road for two or three miles, and 
then found ourselves on the trail used by the overland travelers. 
Six miles from Panama we found the road forked, we enquired 
of a native which road we should take, and he pointed to the 
right hand one, leading to Cruses. This we found out after- 
wards to be the wrong one; we should have taken the left hand 
road to Gorgona. We followed the Cruses road, if road it 
could be called, wading up and down streams, struggling 
through bushes until sunset, when we found ourselves at the 
"Eight Mile House" (eight miles from Cruses), kept by an 
enterprising Yankee, who, with a one-roomed shanty and a 
tent, not forgetting the bar, considered himself a hotel keeper. 
Here we concluded to rest for the night, getting a supper — 
hard bread and fried bananas, a bed — the softest place we 
could find on the ground floor, and bieakfast — same as supper 
with the additian of a cup of coffee, for which we paid the 
moderate sum of five dollars, and started on our second day's 
journey. 

About one mile from Cruses we saw a large anchor and an 
old Spanish six-pound cannon lying in the mud. The gun was 
beautifully ornamented in relief, and I thought it a shame that 
in was left to corrode and rust in the dirt. When we arrived 
in the miserable little apology for a town, we found it almost 
deserted. We now discovered our mistake in taking the wrong 
road. All the travel was by the way of Gorgona, ten miles 
down the river. Our good fortune, however, had not forsaken 
us. We found a boat preparing to go down the river — the 
Chagres — and the proprietor agreed to take us to Gorgona for 
two dollars. We started on the voyage almost as soon as we 
got on board; in fact, we stopped so short a time in Cruses, I 
did not see half a dozen of its inhabitants, not even long 
enough to count the bamboo houses, which could have been 
done in five minutes. 

Our craft was a long log, hollowed out and sharpened at the 
ends. Besides the captain, and crew of two men, we had a 
priest and two ladies, as passengers. The voyage down the 
river was one beautiful view after another, and we enjoyed it 
immensely. We arrived at Gorgona about five o'clock p. m., 
and commenced looking around for a boat bound down to 
Chagres City. In this we were disappointed; true, we found 
boats enough, but none of them would be moved for less than 
twenty dollars. This was more money than we possessed 
between us; we had sixteen dollars. To pay twenty dollars for 
a boat, buy provisions for three or four days and pay for our 
night's lodging was impossible. So, sailor-like, we bought 
some crackers, cheese and a box of sardines, and sat down on 
the steps of a restaurant, firstly to satisfy our hunger; secondly, 
to consider over the perplexing situation we were in, and to 
decide what was the best to do under the circumstances. To 
go on down the river was impossible, to go back to Cruses 
would be foolishness; therefore we resolved to go to California. 
Everybody was going to that golden land, why not we? The 
town of Gorgona was on the road there, in fact, almost half 
way; then why not go to California? So we reasoned, and, no 
other thought or plan coming in the way, we resolved to start 
at once. We had at least an hour's daylight and a moonlight 
night before us. Panama was the nearest seaport. By a good 
long walk that night we could be in that city by sunset th 





•TU^ZEICTIEILjIE iw.stbtjctob 



89 





next evening. Making a slight addition to our provisons, we 
shouldered our sacks once more and started on our tramp back 
to Panama; hut not to make the good long stretch towards that 
city we expected. A mile or two out of Gorgona we got on 
the wrong road (it seems we were doomed to get on wrong 
roads). We did not discover our mistake until we had traveled 
six or eight miles, and found ourselves in a grove of orange 
trees and at the termination of the mule track. Here we were, 
lost again; not on a desert, however, this time, but in a forest 
surrounded with plenty. The ground and the trees were 
literally golden, covered with the profusion of yellow oranges. 
We judged that there must be a house or village near by, and 
our conjecture proved correct. At the end of the grove we 
discovered a house, or what we might call a house It was 
formed by four poles being stuck in the ground, over which 
was a covering or roof of flag leaves. A man, a woman, a boy 
ten years old and an infant were the inhabitants. The man 
and boy wore no clothing except a cloth around the loins. We 
enquired of the man the distance to Panama. He informed 
us that the city was in an opposite direction to the one in which 
we were going, in fact we were on the road to Granadilla. 
We finally made an arrangement with the native to lodge us 
for the night and guide us to the right road the next morning. 
We paid him twenty cents, stretched ourselves on some 
bamboo poles underneath the thatch and soon forgot our 
troubles in sleep. We were up bright and early in the morn- 
ing, and after partaking of a breakfast of oranges, accompanied 
our guide for the road. Through bushes and among vines and 
flowers, in a forest so dense that the light of day was almost 
shut out, wading creeks, crossing rocky streams, up hill and 
down dale, he led us. It was an awfully fatiguing journey of 
over five hours before we reached the trail. I paid the guide 
two dollars, and after pointing out the direction we were to go, 
he left us. We sat down by a little rivulet aad regaled 
ourselves with part of the crackers and cheese that we pur- 
chased before leaving Gorgona. Judging by the sun, it was 
past noon. We continued our journey, though rather slowly, 
after dinner. About sunset we espied a deserted hut near the 
road side, and concluded to take up our quarters under its 
shelter for the night. By agreement, Hank was to sleep the 
the forepart of the night, and I keep guard; so I took up a 
sitting position in the doorway, and Hank retired to the softest 
corner of the floor he could find. When we awoke late the 
next morning, we could not determine who went to sleep first. 
Our crackers afforded us a scanty breakfast, when we resumed 
our tramp, reaching the city about three o'clock in the after- 
noon. Of course, we took up our quarters at the wash- 
woman's, and laughed with our prophetic shipmates as we 
related our adventures and mishaps. 

Hank and I remained in Panama two weeks, until all our 
money was spent. Not finding anything to do, we crossed over 
to Tahoga, a friend kindly giving us a passage in his lighter. 
In Taboga we remained three months, picking up what jobs 
we could: loading and unloading vessels, coaling steamers and 
ship rigging. Hank finally succeeded in getting charge of a 
small boat, and I obtained a situation as ship-keeper on the 
hulk Rowena. It was only occasionally we hail an opportunity 
of seeing each other; this we both regretted, but could not 
avoid. As it was impossible for the steamers to carry all the 
passengers to California, whose numbers increased daily in 
Panama, the steamship company commenced fitting up the old 
hulks or store ships lying in the bay for that purpose. Among 
the others fitted out was the Rowena, formerly of New London. 

one time a whale ship. Her masts and riggin.f-RtafcMt ikp".''" 



yards crossed, sails bent and bunks built between decks; and 

the ship placed in charge of Captain L , a gentleman 

hailing from New York. I had charge of his boat, pulling to 
and from the ship a great deal, and he seemed prepossessed in 
my favor, and told me he would like me to go with him to 
California. 



IEIIEILjIP yoitir, mother. 



!s there a vacant place in this bank which I {could fill ' r 

I was the inquiry of a boy as. with glowing 'cheek, he stood 
before the manager. 

''There is none," was the reply. ''Were you told that you 
could obtain a situation here ? Who recommended you?" 

"No one recommended me. sir. calmly answered the boy. 
"I only thought I would see." 

There was a straight-forwardness in the manner, and honert 
determination in the countenance of the lad, which pleased the 
man of business, and induced him to continue the conversation. 
He said: 

"You must have friends who could aid you in obtaining a 
situation; have you told them?' ' 

The quick flash of the deep blue eyes was quenched in the 
overtaking wave of sadness, as he said half musingly: 

"My mother said it would be useless to try without friends; 
then recollecting himself, he apologized for the interruption, 
and was about to withdraw, when the gentleman detained him 
by asking why he did not remain at school for a year or two, 
an 1 then enter the business world. 

"I have no time," was the reply. "I study at home and 
keep up with the other boys." 

"Then you have a place already," said his interrogator. 

"I have not left it," answered the boy. 

"But you wish to leave. What is the matter?" 

For an instant the child hesitated; then he replied, with half 
reluctant frankness: 

"I must do more for my mother!" 

Brave words! talisman of success anywhere, everwhere. 
They sank into the heart of the listener. Grasping the hand 
of the astonished child, he said: 

"My boy, what is your name? You shall fill the first vacancy 
for an apprentice that occurs in the bank. If. in the mean- 
time, you need a friend, come to me. But now give me your 
confidence. Why do you wish to do more for your mother? 
Have you no father?' ' 

Tears filled his eyes as he replied: "My father is dead, my 
brothers and sisters are dead, and mother and I are left alone 
to help each other. But she is not strong, and I wish to take 
care of her. It will please her, sir, that you have been so kind, 
and I am much obliged to you." So saying, the boy left, little 
dreaming that his own nobleness of character had been as a 
bright glance of sunshine into the busy world he had so trem- 
blingly entered. A boy animated by a desire to help his mother 
will always find friends. — [Selected. 



DEFEND ON YOURSELF. — Most young men consider it a 
great misfortune to lie born poor, or nut to have capital enough 
tu establish themselves, at their outset in life, in a good anil 
profitable business. This is a mistaken notion. So far from 
poverty being a misfortune to them, if we may judge from what 
we every day behold, it is. really, a blessing; the chance is more 
than ten i against him wlm is lefl with a fortune al his 

DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL U! BOARD 

50-N QRTH MA I N S 








CTTJ'VEIvriLE I1TSTBUCTOB 




H'h^ Jfuucmlq Musfmdo^ 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


- EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 


1874. 



EDITORIAL THZOTJC3-HITS. 





INCE the last number of the Instructor 
issued from the press, the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints has entered 
another year of its eventful history. We do 
not think there can be a better time than 
the present to impress upon the minds of 
our youthful readers the importance of 
becoming acquainted with the history of 
the great work of the Lord with which 
y and their parents are associated. 
The youth of every nation of the earth are 
"y taught the story of their country's rise 
d glory. They read of its victories won on 
lood and field.'' and its achievements in the 
human progress and civilization. Our history 
is not a record of conquests made by human prowess 
at the point of the sword and spear; the annals of 
our checkered but ever advancing career are not 
written in the blood of our fellow men. but ours is a story of 
higher worth; it is one of a -work established by divine mercy 
and preserved by divine providence. It is the history of the 
last grand struggle on earth between truth and error, of the 
warfare of a few heaven-inspired men with the hosts of dark- 
ness and destruction. 

It is a duty of every youth in Zion to become acquainted 
with the history of the building up of God's kingdom. From 
its study they will learn many lessons and principles of worth 
to them in their after lives. Among other things they will 
discover how fruitless are the rage and persecution of men to 
stay the work of the Lord. They will learn how continually 
our Heavenly Father has preserved and delivered His Saints 
in times and on occasions when all human help was powerless, 
how He has made the wrath of man to praise Him, and has 
controlled all things for the good of those who have sought to 
serve Him. They will also learn the sad fact that no experi- 
ence will apparently teach the wicked the utter foolishness of 
fighting against the work of Jehovah, for they will discover 
that, from the very commencement of this Church's history, 
persecution'has succeeded persecution, driving has been added 
to driving, withjindiminished hatred; that time after time the 
blood of the best men earth bore upon her surface has been 
spilled as a testimony of the Truth, and though nothing has 
been accomplished towards staying the progress of God's work, 
yet men to-day fight as persistently, as blindly and as fruitlessly 
as they did forty years ago. 

The perusal of our history will also inspire us with love 
towards and faith in the great Father of us all. We cannot 
read of the numberless deliverances He has wrought out for 
His Saints in these days without being filled with thankfulness 
that we are serving the true and living God whose constant 
care are we, and our hearts throb with gratitude as we contem- 
plate in the story of the past how assured is the contin- 
ued advancement and final triumph of His great cause, 
however much the heathen rage and the wicked imagine vain 
iiigs. 



WMlj jflttSCtttt^ 



IR, O IMI .A. InT coihage. 



BY BETH. 



L pi 



ancient Roman coins afford much entertainment to the 
poetical imagination, as well as insight into the habits, 
customs and institutions of the Roman people, by the person- 
ifications and symbols on the "reverses." As there are many 
coins brought into this country from other lands, among which 
are many very old, and some really valuable ones, a few of tie 
personifications used in early times, some of which are also 
used on modern coins, will be given. 

"Happiness has the wand of mercury" — the caduceus. By 
which is typified the power to procure every wish. This is the 
prototype of the modern harlequin, who strikes with his magic 
wand, ami instantly the desired transformation is accomplished. 
Sometimes the figure or image of the goddess has a poppy 
or poppies, in her hand. This typifies forgetfulness of sorrow, 
as the juice of poppies stupefies and steeps the senses in forget- 
fulness of misfortune. 

"Hope is represented as a sprightly girl walking quickly and 
cheerfully; she holds up in her hand the bud of a flower." 
This is typical of the certainty with which we may expect the 
realization of our hopes, even as the bud brings forth the 
flower. She holds up her garments so that they may not 
impede her progress. Sometimes Spes Avg. occurs as a 
legend, spes being the name of the goddess of hope. 

"Abundance holds the cornucopia in her hands, from which 
she scatters fruits." On one of the coins of the emperor Titus 
this emblem is seen; but she has a little image beside her, with 
scales and weights over a basket filled with wheat. This tiny 
figure represents justice dispensing food, not extravagantly, 
but righteously. The prow of a ship is represented to show 
that the wheat came from a foreign land; it is decked with 
flowers to show prosperity and peace. Many such symbols are 
used by artists in our days to convey similar ideas. 

"Security stands leaning on a pillar." "Security with con- 
sciousness of strength is shown by the lion in a recumbent 
posture." "The happiness of the state is indicated by a ship 
sailing before a prosperous breeze" — a very pretty, and easily 
understood picture. 

One colonial coin represents the conquest of Egypt; Augustus 
and Agrippa on the obverse, with Imp. Avo. Drvi F. On the 
reverse is a crocodile chained to a palm tree. This is very 
significant of conquest and victory, for the crocodile is a native 
of Egypt; so is the palm tree native and symbolic of victory. 

Other Roman colonies besides Egypt had their personifica- 
tions. Some of the earliest Roman-British coins represent the 
future of the Island of Great Britain almost prophetically. 
Britannia is represented sitting on a globe, with a symbol of 
military power, the labarum, or standard, in her hand, and the 
ocean rolling at her feet. A reverse of the emperor Adrian 
represents Britannia sitting behind a shield, against which the 
waves are beating — a very significant emblem of protection 
and safety. A reverse of Severus has Britannia sitting upon 
a rock, with the shield before her, a helmet on her head, a 
spear in her left hand, and the wand of mercury (happiness) 
in her right. One of Antoninus Pius represents a bull upon 
the shield of Brittania — a symbol of strength and security. 

As a general thing the ancient Roman coins have Roman 
letters on them; any such should be preserved until seen 





GTTT'VIEILsriXjE! IUSTEUGTOE 



91 




some one conversant with coins; for, even a few coins are inter- 
esting and instructive in a cabinet. Some old coins have Greek 
characters on them; these can be deciphered by those acquainted 
with coins. M. L. Mon. Lon. mean Monetis Londinensis, or 
coins of London, struck by the Romans. Pec. P. Lon. — 
Pecunia Londinensis — has the same meaning. R., Ro. and 
Rom. are abbreviations for Rome. Roma means Rome. . P. 
R. means Pecunia Romana, or Roman Money. In the exergue 
P. R. signifies Percussa Roma, or struck at Rome. At any 
rate ancient coins should be preserved, as they are seldom of 
intrinsic value, unless of gold or silver. They should not be 
cleaned until examined by some competent person, as they may 
be of use in cabinets when not defaced. There are many 
cabinets of coins in this city in which are rare and curious 
specimens, which will be noticed in "Our Museum." 



linnet was nearly two inches in the earth, and the following day 
quite gone out of sight. 

"The gentleman, much interested in the hard-working 
habits of the little creatures, kept giving them small dead 
animals, which they buried one after another. In little more 
than a month, these four beetles dug the graves of four frogs, 
three birds, two fish, two grasshoppers, a mole and two slices 
of meat. 

"Work, you see, does not belong to us alone. Every creature 
which our Heavenly Father has made, be it ever so small, has 
a place to fill, a service to render, a duty to do, in this great 
world of ours; and it is curious to look about us and see how 
eagerly active His tiniest people are in doing theirs.": 



TZHZIE W^.TIEIR.-IBIEIETLIE]. 



Iiie word beetle means biter, and beetles 
. jaws with which they bite their food. 



have very strong 
Thev have four 





W'ngs, but the upper ones are hard and hornlike, while the 

under ones are thin, and when 

these insects are not flying, the 

thin under wings are hidden 

under the hard upper ones. 

The colors of beetles are often 

very beautiful, and sometimes 

so brilliant that they shine like 

polished gold and precious 

stones. 

There are many thousand 
kinds of these insects. We 
give a picture of one, which is 
called the water-beetle. It i.s 
represented in its different 
stages of growth. The large 
central figure is a full-grown 
beetle. She lays her eggs anc 
then encloses them in a silkei 
gourd-shaped sack. On the 
left is one of these, with one 
side cut off', showing the e^ssa. 
In four or six weeks the eggs are hatched, and the insect looks 
like the little figure on the rock near the head of the lower 
figure. After a while it looks like the lower figure, and in 
forty days it breaks this shell, and comes forth a lull-grown 
beetle. It is a good swimmer, and seldom gets far from the 
water. 

A curious and very interesting member of the beetle family 
is the one called the burying-beetle. "He dresses," says an 
English writer, "in black, with only a few yellow horns, and a 
yellow belt around his wings. You would laugh to see him at 
work. 

"A gentleman once caught four of these beetles and put 
them in a great glass globe, half filled with earth. He then 
threw in two dead frogs. In a short time one of the frogs 
was buried. 

Then they climbed around the walls of the vase, to try to 
get out, but finding no outlet, for the gentleman covered over 
the top, they set to work burying the other frog. 

"He then gave them a dead linnet. Two of the grave-dig- 
gers at once set to work digging away the earth from 
under the bird's body, and dragging it by the feathers, 
is to make it go down quicker. By the next morning the 



THE SIZIE OF OOTJIISrTIE^IIES. 

f\ reece is about the size of Vermont. Palestine is onc- 
VI fourth the : 

Him 

The English Chamr 
and Lake Huron is a 



ibout the size of Vermont, 
size of New York, 
tan is more than a hundred times as large as Palestine, 
is nearly as large as Lake Superior, 
arge as the Sea of Azof. 

The Great Desert of Africa 
has nearly the present dimen- 
sions of the United States. 

The Mediterranean, if placed 
across North America, would 
make sea navigation from San 
Diego to Baltimore. 

(treat Britain is two-thirds 
the size of Japan, one-twelfth 
the size of Hindostan, one- 
twentieth of China, one-twenty- 
fifth of the United States. 

Madagascar is as large as New 
Ilaniphire. Massachusetts, Ver- 
mont. Connecticut. New Jersey. 
Virginia and North Carolina, all 
put together. 

Great Britain and Ireland are 
about as large as New. Mexico, 
but not as large as Iowa and 
T i Nebraska. They are less than 
Iowa, Pennsylvania and Ohio, combined. | 

The following bodies of water are nearly equal in size: Ger- 
man Ocean. Black Sea, Yellow Sea; Hudson's Bay is rather 
larger; the Baltic, Adriatic, Persian Gulf and iEgean Sea, 
about half as large, and somewhat larger than Lake Superior. 
The Gulf of Mexico is about ten times the size of Lake 
Superior, and about as large as the Sea of Kamtschatka, Bay 
of Bengal. China Sea, Okhotsk Sea or Japan Sea. Lake 
Ontario would go in either of them fifty times. 

Education should give us command of every faculty of body 
and mind, call out all our powers of observation and reflection 
and change the creatures of impulse, prejudice and passion, to 
thinking, reasoning, and loving beings; lead to objects of 
pursuits, and habits of conduct, favorable to the happiness of 
every individual, and to the whole world, and multiply all the 
means of enjoyment, and diminish every temptation to vice 
and sensuality; and true education will do all this. 



There never was a road 
thought comfort you in ban 



so long it 
lest trials. 



had 





92 



J" TJ ^ IE IN" I X_, IE IUSTBUCTOR 




jLnttAoitn nff painters* 



-A. L IB IE IR, T DURER. 
/>o?;i Chambers' Miscellany. 




Tfirs groat man was the first, and probably the best of 
German artists. His family originally came from Hun- 
gary; they settled in Nuremberg, where Albert's father followed 
the business of a goldsmith. The boy was born in 1471, in the 
merry month of May, and in due time received the usual simple 
education of a burgher's son. Albert learned readily all that 
was taught him, and from his childhood was accounted a very 
clever boy. However, in those early times, it took far less 
learning to gain a reputation for ability than in our days. 
.Martin Haspe was the name of Albert Durer's first master. 
under whose care he studied a little of drawing and engraving, 
so as to qualify him for success in his father's trade. 

^\ hen his slight education was completed, Albert began to 
work in gold, under his father's direction. But this occupation 
was little suited to one whose mind was already full of art. 
Albert soon became weary of his trade, and longed to be a 
painter. So. after some weary struggles between the goldsmith 
of Nuremberg and his refractory son, to whom the precious 
metals had no charm, it was at last agreed that young Albert 
should be placed as a imi.il with Michael Wohlgemuth, an 
artist and engraver, though of inferior merit. With this man 
it was impossible for the youth to learn much; but his talents 
received a right direction, while at the same time he was 
instructed in other needful branches of study, such as arith- 
metic, geometry and perspective 

In Germany then, as now. it was the custom for young men 
of every profession to complete their studies by traveling, that 
they might learn from actual experience and by seeing the 
world, before settling down into the active life of manhood. 
Accordingly. Albert Durer, having remained three years with 
Michael Wohlgemuth, set out on his travels. He went from 
town tn town, painting for his livelihood whenever he could get 
sitters for portraits, and could find purchasers for the fancy 
pictures which he executed on his way. The young artist must 
have been happy in this-couvse of life, for it was considered no 
discredit, but the contrary, and a wandering student found 
everywhere a welcome. Also, it must have been pleasant to 
Stroll leisurely through his own and foreign lands, everywhere 
gathering up information from nature herself. 

Albert returned home when he was about twenty-six years 
old, and then it was that he exhibited his pictures for the first 
time in public. The one which is mentioned as his first work 
of any moment is "The Three Graces," depicting three grace- 
ful female figures, having a globe over their heads. This 
picture bears the date 1479. Tims Albert Durer's talents were 
by nn mean- precocious, but matured by long study and obser- 
vation. It was then customary for students of all professions 
to produce a master piece, each in his own line, for which they 
received a public reward, and also a diploma acknowledging 
their excellence, if successful. Albert Durer, accordingly, 
painted a picture with the greatest care; it was highly praised, 
and the artist gained the wished-for diploma with more than 
usual honors. 

After this triumph, Albert again set out to travel. He 
visited Holland, stayed some time there, and then proceeded 
to Italy. At Bologna he met RafFaelle, for whom he had 
lways the greatest admiration. They had already corres- 



ponded and exchanged pictures, A pleasant meeting it must 
have been between these two great men, whose genius formed 
such a strong contrast. Durer at this time was renowned as an 
engraver on copper and on wood. He was probably the first 
wood-engraver on record. It is said that, in executing his 
numerous designs, he found working on copper too tedious a 
process, and therefore conceived the plan of engraving on wood. 
He designed and engraved on wood thirty-six illustrations of 
the life of Christ, which were so beautiful and so much esteemed 
that forgers arose to imitate them. One Marc Antonio Franci. 
a Venetian, copied them, and sold his own spurious productions 
as the originals of Albert Durer. The German artist, hearing 
of this, immediately set off to Venice, complained to the gov- 
ernment of the injury done him by Franci, and claimed redress. 
A lawsuit was commenced, by which the dishonest Franci was 
reduced to beggary. He came to Albert Durer. praying him 
to forgive the wrong, and excuse him from paying a fine which 
it was out of. his power to raise. The generous artist not only 
pardoned, but assisted him. and Franci erred no more. 

Albert Durer had a miserable home. To please bis father, 
he had married a neighbor's daughter, whose violent temper 
ruined her husband's peace. She was a beautiful woman, and 
Albert painted her several times, particularly in his Madonnas. 
Her violence drove him from his own fireside, to seek elsewhere 
for the happiness which was there denied him. As we have 
seen, he traveled a great deal; when at home, it has been laid 
to his charge that he was prone to imtemperance, and to nightly 
carousals with his companions. If so, it is sad to think that 
so fine a mind as Albert Durer's should be thus degraded; but. 
thinking of his domestic sorrows, he deserves our pity as much 
as our condemnation. He lived in a frugal manner at home, ! o 
that many considered him poor. He studied much; and several 
works of his. written in Latin, were published at Nuremberg 
after his death. They were chiefly on subjects connected with 
art. 

Durer was ever in high favor with the great of his time. He 
found friends and patrons in the Emperor Maximilian, Charles 
V. of Spain, and Ferdinand of Hungary. Maximilian gave 
him a patent of nobility, but there is no account of his ever 
assuming his rank. Plain Albert Durer, the goldsmith's son, 
of Nuremberg, is known to posterity as a great artist; no one 
ever thinks whether he bore a title or not. The emperor also 
gave him a pension, and loaded him with honors. Thus in 
everything, except his cheerless home and unhappy domestic 
life, Albert Durer was happy. His paintings are not very 
numerous; his chief talent lay in design, in which the fertility 
of his pencil was inconceivable. Tho noble simplicity and 
grandeur of Albert Durer's "Apostles" have passed into a 
proverb. 

Excepting the love for excess, which it is to be hoped is 
exaggerated by his contemporaries, Albert Durer was in private 
life a good man. He was a strict Protestant, honest and can- 
did in his worldly dealings, and irreproachable in his principles. 
He died at Nuremberg. April 6, 1528. 



SPINSTER. — It used to be considered that a young lady was 
not eligible to marry until she had spun for herself a "set of 
linen. ' ' From this arose the title of spinster, as applied to 
unmarried women (of an uncertain age). But the appella- 
tion is applied to a great many in the present age rather 
inappropriately, as spinning, as an accomplishment for a young 
lady, is, like many other accomplishments that our grand- 
parents prized, now numbered among the things of the past 





JUYE1TIL11 HTSTBTJCTOR 



93 




ZFTTTTHLsTa- OFF TIHIF SHOES. 



The word translated "shoe" in Scripture should have been 
rendered sandal, as the former does not exactly correspond 
with the Hebrew. In Eastern nations, the feet were at first 
shod chiefly with mere soles, made fast by thongs or cords 
wreathed round the ankle. The next stage was a sandal, cover- 
ing some portion of the foot; and even now the Orientals have 
not advanced further than a kind of slipper, often highly orna- 
mented with brilliant colors and tasteful figures. Among 
Egyptian ladies the sandal formed a sumptuous part of dress, 
and was often embroidered with .■•ilk, silver, and gold. 

The well-known Eastern practice of putting off the sandal or 
shoe on ground deemed holy, or in a presence deemed sacred. 
is familiar to us from many a scriptural reference. In Exodus 
iii. 5, Moses is commanded to nut off bis sandals in the pres- 
ence of the burning bush; for it was the symbol of Jehovah's 





presence, In the same way Joshua (v. 15) was commanded to 
''loose his shoe from off his foot, for the place whereon he stood 
was holy;" and the practice, it is well known, still prevails in 
the East. In some cases the sandals must be left at the door 
even when the wearer is visiting a private individual. That is 
always the case when entering a inoscme or temple, or when 
about to appear in an august presence; and it has been said 
that at the entrance to an Indian temple as many pairs of san- 
dals may sometimes be seen as there are hats suspended in 
some Western churches. The same is true of the temples in 
Japan. 

This practice explains some scriptural allusions, to which 
reference may be made. In Mark i. 7, Luke iii. 16, John i. 
lid Acts xiii. 25, we read of unloosing the shoe-latcnet. 



That means, loosening the thongs which bound the sandal to 
the foot; and as that office was performed by servants or infe- 
riors, to "unloose the latchet" meant to act as a servant. 

Again in Matthew iii. 11, the Baptist speaks of "bearing" 
sandals, and declares himself unworthy to bear the Savior's; 
that is, to be His servant; for servants sometimes stood at the 
door, and bore the sandals while their masters worshiped. 

Connected with shoes, or sandals, one other custom may be 
mentioned. In transferring property from one party to another, 
a sandal was given to the new occupant, and that gave right of 
occupancy; and in the Book of Ruth (iv. 7) we accordingly 
read: "A man plucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbor; 
and this was a testimony in Israel." Again, in Ps. lx. S. it is 
written: "Over Edom will I east out my shoe" — meaning. I 
will take possession of it; and so in other cases. As the Bible 
is an Eastern book, it is full of Eastern manners and customs. 



«^^— 



AG-OOD STRATAGEM 



A TALK lit" ENGLISH MAIL COACH DAYS. 



AN English gentleman oi true John Bull proportions — weigh- 
ing some eighteen or twenty stone — had occasion to travel 
in summer by stage-coach from Oxford to London. The stage 
carried six inside, and our hero engaged two places (a«, in 
consideration of his size, he usually did) for himself. The 
other four seats were taken by Oxford students. 

These youths, being lighter than our modern Lambert, 
reached the stage before be did. and each snugly possessed 
himself of a corner seat, leaving a centre seat on each side 
vacant. The round, good-tempered face of John Bull soon 
after appeared at the carriage door; and, peering into the 
vehicle and observing the local arrangements, its owner sail', 
with a smile, "You see I am of a pretty comfortal le size, gen- 
tlemen; so I have taken two seats. It will greatly oblige 
me if one of you will kindly move into the opposite seat, so 
that I may be able to enter.'' 

"My good sir." said a pert young law student, "possession 
is nine-tenths of the law. You engaged two seats. The: e 
they are. We engaged one each, came first, entered regularly 
into possession, and our titles to the seats we occupy are 
indisputable." 

"I do not dispute your titles." said the other, "but I trust 
to your politeness, seeing how the case stands, to enable me to 
pursue my journey." 

''Oh, hang politeness!" said a hopeful young scion of soi e 
noble house. "I have a horror of a middle seat, and would 
not take one to oblige my grandmother; its ungraceful as well 
as uncomfortable; and, besides, one has no chance of looking 
at the pretty girls along the road. Good old gentleman, 
arrange your concerns as you please; I stick to my corner. 
And he leaned back, yawned, and settled himself with hopeless 
composure in his place, 

Our corpulent friend, though a man not easily discomposed, 
was somewhat put out by his unmannerly obstinacy. He 
turned to a smart-looking youth with a simper on bis face. — a 
clerical student who bad hitherto sat in a rovery. possibly 
thinking of bis chances for a rich benefice in the future. "Wil[ 
you accommodate me?" he "asked; this is the last stage thai 
starts for London to-day. and business of urgent importance 
calls me to town." 

'Some temporal affair. 'no doubt." said the gracious youth 
with mock gravity; "some speculation with filthy lucre for its 
object. Good father, at your age your thoughts should ti 





94= 



J" TJ "V IE H5T I L IE I1TSTBUCTOB 




heavenward, instead of being confined to the dull, heavy taber- 
nacle of clay that chains us to earth." And his companions 
roared with laughter at the "clever joke. " 

A glow of indignation just colored the stranger's cheek, but he 
mastered his feelings in a moment, and said with much compos- 
ure to the fourth: "Are you also determined that I should lose 
my place; or will you oblige me by by taking a centre seat?" 

' 'Ay do Tom, ' ' said his lordship to the person addressed: ' 'he' s 
something in the way of you're profession, quite a physiological 
curiosity. You ought to accommodate him." 

"May Ibe poisoned if I do!" replied the student of medicine, 
'"in a dissecting room he'd make an excellent subject; but in a 
coach, and this warm weather, too! Old gentleman, if you'll 
put yourself under my care, I'll engage in the course of six 
weeks, by a judicious course of depletives, to save you here- 
after the expense of a double seat; but, really, to take a middle 
seat in the month of July is contrary to all the rules of hygiene; 
and a practice to which I have a professional objection." 

And the laugh was renewed at the old gentleman's expense. 

By this time the patience of the coachee, who had listened 
to the latter part of the dialogue, was exhausted. "Harkee 
gemmen." said he, "settle the business as you like; but it 
wants just three-quarters of a minute to twelve, and with the 
first stroke of the university clock my horses must be off. I 
would not wait three seconds longer for the King, God bless 
him. 'Twould be as much as my place is worth." And with 
that he mounted his box. took up the reins, bid the hostler 
shut the door, and he sat with up-raised whip, listening for the 
expected stroke. 

As it sounded from the venerable belfry, the horses, as if 
they recognized the signal, shot off at a gallop with the four 
young rogues, to whom their own rudeness and our fat friend's 
dilemma afforded a prolific theme for merriment during the 
whole stage. 

Meanwhile the subject of their mirth hired a postchaise. 
followed, and overtook them at the second change of horses, 
where the passengers got out ten minutes for lunch. As the 
postchaise drove up to the inn door, two young chimney-sweeps 
passed with their bags and brooms with their well known cry. 

"Come higher, my lads," said the corpulent gentleman, 
"what say you to a ride?" 

The whites of their eyes enlarged into still more striking 
contrast with the dark shades of their sooty cheeks. ' 'Will you 
have a ride, my boys, in the stage coach ?' ' 

"Ees, zur," said the elder, scarcely daring to trust the 
evidence of his ears. 

( To he Continued. ) 



WHY IvIOTJiTT^.I3Sr TOPS 

^zr,:e cold. 




There is a story of a squirrel, which, discontented with the 
cold valley where he had his home, set out to reach a 
mountain top, where, thought he, the climate must be warm 
and genial, since the spot is so much nearer the sun, the great 
source of heat; but, on reaching the long wished for height, he 
found, that although the sun shone with clearer light, yet the 
cold air was more intense than in the humble home he had left 
behind. He was well-nigh frozen to death, and quickly and 
wisely resolved to return to the valley below. 

The process of reasoning which led the poor squirrel into 
such difficulty and danger, seems correct enough. The only 
lifficulty with it is. that, like a great many fine-spun theories, 
oes not asree with the facts in the case. 



How happens it then, the nearer we go to the sun, the 
source of heat, the colder we find the air? It is because the 
sun's rays of heat pass through transparent bodies, like air, 
without heating them. The heat of the sun passes directly 
through the air till it strikes the surface of the earth, which is 
warmed by it. The air becomes warm only by contact with 
the warm earth, and by the radiation of heat from the earth. 

But why does not the mountain top become warm, and 
impart its heat to the surrounding air? The answer is that so 
great is the body of cold air around it, in comparison with its 
own size, and so constantly is the air changed by the strong 
winds which blow there that not heat enough can be accumu- 
lated in the air to become sensible. 

But why does not air, which is heated by contact with the 
surface of the earth at the level of the sea, rise to the moun- 
tain tops and warm them up, just the same as the heated air 
in our rooms rises to the ceiling and makes our heads warm, 
while our feet are cold? 

It does thus, indeed; but as it rises it also expands, because 
it is not so closely pressed by the superincumbent air. 

So, by the time it reaches the top of Mount Snowdon, what 
was a single roomful of comfortable hot air has expanded to 
the size of a whole house; and as it has received no more heat 
in its ascent, it has become very uncomfortably cold. 

The heat which was sufficient to make it feel warm when it 
occupied a small space, becomes quite insensible when it 
expands to a hundred, or it may he a thousand, times the size 
it was before. 

It is just like a moistened sponge, from which water drops 
when it is squeezed in the hand, but which appears perfectly 
dry when suffered to expaud to its full size. Selected. 



STTItTID^Y LBSSOITS 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



LESSOX IV. 
Q. — What did they put on the head of Jesus? 
A. — A crown of thorns. 

Q. — Who was it that so cruelly treated him and left him on the 
cross to die. 
A. — The wicked Jews. 
Q. — In what place did they crucify Him? 
A. — Calvary, pr place of a skull. 

Q. — Who took the body of Jesus down from the cross? 
A. — Joseph of Arimathea. 
Q.— What did he do with the body? 
A. — He laid it in a sepulchre. 
Q. — What is a sepulchre? 
A. — A tomb or grave. 



Manners. — Manners are more important than money. A 
boy who is polite and pleasant in his manners, will always have 
friends, and will not often make enemies. Good behavior is 
essential to prosperity. A boy feels well when he does well. 

If you wish to make everybody pleasant about you, and gain 
friends wherever you go. cultivate good manners. Many boys 
have pleasant manners for company, and ugly manners for 
home. Pleasant manners cost nothing, and the advantage to 
be gained by their observance is not to be estimated by dollars 
and cents. They will afford their possessor prestige in any 
society, and gain for him position where rudeness and vulgarity 
would fail entirely. Even those who fall so far short of setting 
an example for good manners themselves, will secretly admire 
the observance of the same in others. 





JTJ^VEllSnTTi^l IFSTRT7CTOB 



95 




OUST THCE 

book o:f im: O R IM! O 3ST . 



REIGNOFTHE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXI. 

Q.— What did the people of Ammonihah do to Alma? 

A. — They cast him out of their city. 

Q.— What did Alma then do? 

A. — He started towards the city of Aaron. 

Q. — How did he feel while traveling thither? 

A. — He felt sorrowful on account of the hardness of heart among 
the people. 

Q. — Who appeared to him on this journey? 

A. — An angel of the Lord. 

Q. — What was Alma commanded to do? 

A. — To return to the city of Ammonihah. 

Q. — For what reason? 

A. — To warn the people that if they did not repent the Lord 
would destroy them. 

Q.— What did Alma do? 

A. — He did as he was commanded. 

Q. — Did he enter the city the same way as he did the first time 
he came there? 

A. — No; he entered on the south side. 

Q.— Who did Alma ask for food? 

A. — Amulek. 

Q. — Was his request granted? 

A. — Yes: Amulek took him into his house and set food before 
him. 

Q. — What did Alma do after he had eaten? 

A. — He blessed Amulek and his house, and gave thanks unto 
God. 

Q. — Did Alma go forth immediately to preach and prophesy 
unto the people? 

A. — No; he tarried many days with Amulek. 

Q. — Did the people begin to repent? 

A. — No; they became more wicked. 

Q. — What commandment did Alma receive from the Lord? 

A. — To tell the people that unless they repented the Lord would 
visit them in anger. 

Q. — Was anyone to accompany Alma? 

A. — Yes; Amulek was also called upon to go forth and warn 
the people. 

Q.— Did Alma and Amulek do as they had been commanded? 

A. — Yes; they preached the word of God. 

Q. — What power was bestowed upon them? 

A. — The Holy Ghost was with them, and they could not be con- 
fined in dungeons, neither could they be slain. 

Q. — Did the words of Alma and Amulek agree? 

A. — Yes: in every particular. 

Q. — What effect did this have on the people? 

A. — Many of them were astonished at the words which were 
uttered. 

Q. — How did some of the people act? 

A. — They endeavored to find witness against Alrna and Amulek 
that they might have them east into prison or slain. 

Q. — What did they do to try and attain this? 

A. — They tried to cross-question Amulek. 

Q. — Were they successful in this? 

A. — No; he perceived their intentions. 

Q. — What did Amulek say unto them? 

A. — He warned them of the terrible judgments of God which 
should eorne upon them if they did m.t repent. 

Q. — By whom did he say the foundation of the destruction of 
the people was being commenced? 

A. — By the unjust and unrighteous lawyers and judges whom 



ey had appointed. 



tt?sft0ti£ and ILnnrntt 

onsr THE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 



DESERET 



LESSON LII. 

Q.— Did the Lord give other mstruclions and judgments at that 
time through Moses unto the children of Israel? 

A. — Yes; concerning almost every duty of life. 

Q.— Whom did the Lord say He would send before the children 
of Israel? 

A. — An angel. 

Q. — For what purpose? 

A.— To keep them in the way and bring them to the place the 
Lord had prepared. 

Q. — What promise did the Lord make to the children of Israel 
if they obeyed the voice of the angel. 

A. — That they should be greatly prospered in their journey, and 
delivered from all their enemies. 

Q. — After this the Lord called Moses up into the mount. How 
long did he stay there? 

A. — Forty days and forty nights. 

y. — What instructions did the Lord give unto Moses during 
this time? 

A. — How to prepare a tabernacle, and an ark, in every par- 
ticular. 

Q.— What did the Lord say concerning Aaron and his sons? 

A. — That Moses should set them apart for the priest's office. 

Q. — Did the Lord give further instructions in relation to them? 

A. — Yes; He instructed Moses how they should be clothed with 
holy garments, and the ceremonies and manner in which they 
should officiate. 

Q. — What words were to be engraved on a plate of pure gold? 

A. — "Holiness to the Lord." 

Q. — Where was this to be placed? 

A. — On Aaron's forehead. 

Q. — What remarkable is said concerning Moses, while staying 
with the Lord forty days and forty nights: 1 

A. — That "he did neither eat bread nor drink water.'' 

Q. — When Moses came down from Mount Sinai, what was there 
about him that made Aaron and the children of Israel afraid to 
come nigh him? 

A. — The skin of his face shone. 

Q.— What did Moses then do? 

A. — He put a vail upon his face. 

Q. — What did Moses do when he went before the Lord? 

A. — He took the vail off until he came out. 

Q. — Who anointed and consecrated Aaron and his sons? 

A. — Moses did, as the Lord had commanded him. 

Q. — What remarkable occurred to the tabernacle? 

A. — The cloud of the Lord was upon it by day, and fire was on 
it by night. 

Q. — How long did this happen? 

A. — In the sight of all the house of Israel throughout their 
journeys. 

Q. — What is the name of the book in which these things con- 
cerning Moses have been written? 

A.— The book of Exodus. 

Q.— What else is it called? 

A. — The second book of Moses. 

Q.— What is the third book of Moses called? 

A. — Leviticus. 

Q. — What is the subject treated upon in that book? 

A. — Laws and ordinances for the observance of the children of 
Israel. 

Q.— What is the fourth book of M-w- called? 

A. — Numbers. 

Q.— Why is it called Numbers'' 

A. — Because it contains an account of tho numbering of the 



SUNDAY 



ti Jjlfildren of Israel. 

THE LIBRARY OF THE 

SCHOOL- UNfOK/ 



ram _ma,m g 



gQARD 





96 



JTJYE1TILE UsTSTBUCTOB 




-WIE'IE^IE HEII&S TT2TTO THE PBIBSTHOOD. 

Music by Prof. C. J. Thomas. 

i V 



"Wokds bt John Nicholson. 
Moderate: 1st and 2nd Treble 



:fc-S 



B3E 



iZlzz+r 



?3^g 



g— 9 






-i 1 w- 



mWi^mm^^m 



We're heirs un - to the 



-y.^z 



:iL_^ f _ » 



fc 



*^f=S=*= fc ^=£=*=S 



i- 

priesthood, For in it we were born;By naught but vile.st 

'■ _S _ .1 



zz^ — gj: 



-a> al - — af ^ — | - 



:£ 



=1 






ac - tions can we be of it shorn. We're of the fold of Jesus, His precious lambs are 



±z ^ j : 



*=—&- 



^ 



-*i- n 



& — « — ^_ 



=Jt 



r± 



?=*= 



-3p- 



!^3=^^3h 



e; And if we are pure - hearted, His face we soon shall 



see. 



O 




*Q^ 



^ 



3?: 



^=S— W: 



^ 



-si- 1- 



:g)i=^: 



priesthood. For 



in it we were born; Bv 



:fe=* 



1: 






:(= 



■ 



E^S^E 



-^— a 



as — J 



:* >«x : 



z* 



-^ 



naught but vil - est 



SI 



ifi=lfc 



» — IS 



tions Can 

— «« — s*i»- 
I I 



^=r=aE 



zpz: 



( I. what are earthly treasures 
Tthe priesthood's noble powers? 

Yet if we're true and faithful, 
Its gifts and keys are ours. 



In praises of Jehovah 
Our voices we'll employ, 

For all the precious blessings 
That we from Him enjoy. 



CHARADE. 



11Y HYKl'M. 



I AM composed of 14 letters: 
My 13, 8, 2 10, 14. is used for measuring; 
My 8. 11. ■'•■ 1. :> >- 12, is the fabulou3 goddess of the morning; 
My 6, 14. 3, 4. is the name of a tyrannical emperor who 

once governed Rome; 
My T. 12. 5, 9, is a plain between woods. 
My whole is a study we should pursue in preference to any 

other. 



The answer to the Charade published in No 6 is PENSYL- 
VANIA. We have received correct solutions from A. L. 
Anderson, M. Hoyt. A. Ryan, II. E. Hoyt, E. E. Gunn, P. 
II,. vt. S. Gunn and .1. L. Gunn, Hovtsville; V. <>. Crane. 
K.mu-li. W. Fowler, Hooper City; E. W. McBride, Grants- 
ville; ('. Shelly. American Fork; W. Atkinson, Wood's Cross; 
T. ST, Stanford. Ogden; C. Lindholm, Jr., Tooele: E. Evans. 
W. II. Winn. jr. and M. Evans, Lehi; W. E. White, Morgan 
City; S. Jensen. Brigham City; A. Irons, Moroni; W. M. 
Davis, Hyde Park; J. J. Millard and R. A. Hall, Farmington; 
V. V Hintz. Big Cottonwood; P. Barker, Clarkston; Edwin M. 
Greene, Smithfield; A. E. Carlyle, Nebraska City, Neb. Abo 




from M. M. Paul. W. B. Child. G. E. Anderson, V, A. 
Smith. <!. B. Lang, I. Irvine. M. E. Letham, H. J. Sears. S. 
E. Vincent. S. Christensen. Ja . Woods, < >. Thomson I' 1 . M 
Fenton. E. S. Elsmore, H. G. Reynolds, H. Flowers. C. K. 
Palmer. T. Sleight. E. E. Culmer, M. C. Morris. E. Beesley, 
Jr.. (1. Callister, M. Coleman. A. H. Cannon. C. Mason. J. E. 
Jones. M. J. White and B. J. Anderson. Salt Lake City. 



ELOQUENCE is reason set to .music, and, like reason, should 
never be perverted to base purposes. 



CTTJ'VEiTZILiE IZISTSTZR/CrCTOIR, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



C'tRCE O CAHN.-ft, =0l?O9 A PU RM? H £ P. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Singh Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

;E3~0ffice in rear of General Tithing Office Building, Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




