
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 29, 1875. 



NO. 11. 



SAMSON. 



" A ND the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of 
Xl_ the Lord; and the Lord delivered them into the hand 
of the Philistines forty years." 

Such was the condition of the Israelites, as deserited in the 
Bible, about the year 1160 before the corning of Christ, accord- 
ing to,. the common reckoning. 



death. He also told her that her son should begin to deliver 
Israel out of the power of the Philistines. 

Filled with joy at the sound of such glad tidings, the woman 
hastened to her husband, and said to him: "A man of God 
came unto me, and his countenance was like the countenance 
of an angel of God, very terrible, but I asked him not whence 





^ At 'that time there lived in Zorah a man of the tribe 
of Dan, named Manoah, whose wife was childless. In 
those da3 y s it was considered a great misfortune to be with- 
out children. At length an angel of the Lord appeared to 
Manoah's wife, and promised her that she should bear a son 
ho'jdiould be a Nazarite from his birth, to the day of his 



he came, neither told he me his name." She then recounted 
to Manoah the promise of the Lord to her, and the instructions 
that the angel had given her. 

Then Manoah entreated the Lord to send his messengei 
once more, that he might see him and receive from his own 
lips further instructions with regard to this son of promise. 





122 



JTJYE1TILE I1TSTBTJCTOB, 





The Lord heard the prayers of Manoah, and sent His angel 
once again, when the instructions he had previously given to 
the woman were repeated to both. When the message had 
been delivered, Manoah became anxious to entertain the holy 
stranger, but the angel refused to partake of his hospitality, 
and instructed him to offer a sacrifice to the Lord. Manoah 
did so, and as the flame of the buined offering went up towards 
heaven from the altar, the angel of the Lord ascended in the 
flame, and Manoah and his wife saw him no more. 

In due time the child was born, and his parents named him 
Samson. And the boy grew under the blessing of the Lord, 
strong, powerful and warlike; and the Spirit of the Lord began 
to move upon him at times when he was in the cam]) of his 
tribe between Zorah and Eshtaol. 

When Samson grew to be a man he fell in love with a 
woman of the Philistines, and desired to marry her. To this 
his parents were greatly opposed; they desired that he should 
marry one of the daughters of his own people. But Samson 
insisted, and they reluctantly consented. One day, as Samson 
went down to visit his intended wife, when he drew near 
Timnath, the city in which she dwelt, a young lion roared 
against him. "And the Spirit of the Lord came mightily 
upon him. and he rent him as he would have rent a kid, and 
he had nothing in his hand: but he told not his father or his 
mother what he had done. ' ' 

After a time he again went to Timnath. to take to him his 
wife; and on the way he turned aside to see the dead lion, and 
behold, there was a swarm of bees and honey in the carcase 
of the lion, and Samson took some out and ate it, and gave 
some to his father and mother; but he told no one how or 
where he had obtained it, 

It was the custom in those days for the bridegroom to give 
a wedding supper, and Samson did .is did others. At the 
-upper he put forth a riddle to the young men of the Philis- 
tines, and the forfeit was to be thirty sheets and thirty changes 
of raiment. His riddle was this: "Out of the eater came 
forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness." The 
Philistines were unable to solve the riddle during the seven 
d i.vs Samson gave them to find it out, so they went to his 
wife and threatened to burn her and her father's house, if she 
did not entice Samson to tell her the answer. So she used all 
the persuasive powers she possessed with her husband, to get 
him to tell her, and at last, worn out with her tears and ehid- 
ings, he told her of his adventure with the lion, and she told 
h-'i- friends. They accordingly, on the seventh day, after the 
sun went down, exultingly asked Sampson: "What is sweeter 
than honey? and what is stronger than a lion?" To which he, 
in very terse language, replied that if they had not been 
t ild th ■: answer by his wife, they would not have found it out. 

Then the Spirit of the Lord came upon him, and he went 
d >wn to Ashkelon and slew thirty men of the Philistines, and 
1 1 ik their spoil, and gave changes of garments to them that 
expounded the riddle. And his anger was kindled, and he 
went up to his father's house. 

After awhile, about the time of the wheat harvest, Samson 
went to see his wife, taking with him a present of a kid. He 
th/jn discovered that they had dealt treacherously with him, 
an 1 that his wife, in his absence, had been given by her father 
to another man. whom Samson had treated as a friend. To 
make matters right the father proposed to let Samson have 
for a wife his other daughter, who, as he said, was younger and 
fairer than the former one. Samson did not choose to accept 
of her, and being now thoroughly aroused, and feeling all the 

wer of his mighty strength, he went into the fields of the 



Philistines and caught three hundred foxes. He then took 
firebrands, and, turning the foxes tail to tail, he tied a firebrand 
between them. Then, when he had set fire to them, he let 
the foxes escape into the fields and vineyards of his enemies, 
and burned up the shocks and the standing corn, and the 
olives and the vines. 

When the Philistines found out who had brought this 
calamity upon them, and why he had done it, they took his 
wife and her father and burned them. But Samson said: 
"Though ye have done this, yet will I be avenged of you, and 
after that I will cease." And he smote them with a great 
slaughter, and went and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam. 

The Philistines, hearing of his hiding-place, went up to war 
against the people of Judah, who, on being told the cause of 
their coming, agreed to deliver Samson into the hands of his 
enemies. Accordingly, three thousand men of Judah went up 
to Sampson's abiding place, and on their promising not to 
hurt him themselves, he gave himself up to them, and they 
delivered him up to the Philistines, who received" him with 
shouts of triumph. Then once more the Spirit of God came 
upon him, and the cords that were upon his arms became as 
flax that had been burned with fire, and the bands were loosed 
from off his hands. And he found the jaw-bone of an ass, 
and, using it as a weapon to destroy his foes, he slew a thousand 
men therewith. 

Immediately after this the Lord made mani.est a wonder in 
Samson's behalf, for he, after his great exertions, being athirst, 
cried unto God, who caused a stream of water to flow out of a 
hollow in the jaw-bone which he had used to slay the Philis- 
tines, and this weapon of destruction to his enemies became a 
means of salvation to him. 

The next exploit of Samson's that we read of in the Bible 
manifests the reckless bravery of this judge of Israel, for he 
had now become a judge or ruler of the people. One evening 
he went alone into Gaza, one of the cities of the Philistines, 
intending to stay there the night. His presence being made 
known to the men of the city, they encompassed him around, 
and kept watch at the gates, intending in the morning to kill 
him. But at midnight, Samson arose, and finding the city 
gates shut and barred, he took the doors of the gate and the 
two posts, bar and all, and put them upon his shoulders and 
carried them up to the top of a hill which is before Hebron — 
a considerable journey. 

After a time Samson loved a woman whose name was 
Delilah. To her the lords of the Philistines went, and said 
they would each give her eleven hund ed pieces of silver if she 
would find out from Samson the secret of his strength. She, 
dazzled at the idea of receiving such great wealth, commenced 
pleading with Samson to reveal this secret to her. For a long 
time he put her off by telling her various untruths as to 
the way in which his strength could be taken from him. 
Each time she tried the experiment, and told him the Philis- 
tines were upon him, when he rising in his strength, undeceived 
her and his enemies. At last he placed himself in her power, 
for, worn out with her importunities, he foolishly told her: 
"There hath not come a razor upon mine head; fori have 
been a Nazarite unto God from my birth: if I be shaven, then 
my strength will go from me, and T shall become weak, and 
be like any other man." 

Then Deiilah made him sleep on her knees, and she caused 
his seven locks of hair to be shaved off, and then his strength 
went from him. Then she said, "The Philistines be upon 
thee, Samson." And he awoke out of his sleep, and said he 
would go out and shake himself, as he had done befo: 





0" TJ "V E3 IN" I L E IUSTBTJCTOB 



123 




for he did not yet realize that the Lord had departed from 
him. 

Then the Philistines seized him, and put out his eyes., and 
took him to Gaza, where they bound him with fetters of brass, 
and compelled him to grind in the prison house. 

But by and by his hair commenced to grow again, and with 
it his strength began to return to him. Then, on a certain 
day, the lords of the Philistines gathered together to offer a 
great sacrifice to Dagon, their god, to rejoice that Samson had 
been delivered into their hands, and exult in the supposed 
triumph of their idol. Presently they had Samson sent for, 
that they might mock at his misery, and take a cowardly 
revenge on their blind and fallen foe. And when he arrived 
they made merry at his expense to their hearts' content. 

Then Samson said to the lad that led him by the hand, 
''Suffer me to feel the pillars whereon the house standeth, 
that I may lean upon them." At the same time he lifted his 
heart in prayer tc God, that He would give to him just once 
again his old strength, and he would be willing to die with his 
enemies. The Lord answered his cry, and Samson, bowing 
with all his force, broke the pillars and buried himself and all 
the assembled Philistines in one terrible ruin. It is recorded 
that there were more than three thousand men and women on 
the roof of the building, besides those that were inside the 
house. And Samson destroyed more of the Philistiues at his 
death than he had done during the whole of his life. 

We can learn many lessons from the life o r Samson. In 
him we see a man whose birth was of sufficient importance 
to be foretold by a holy angel of (iod. In him we see a man 
greatly blessed of the Lord, who threw his blessings away at 
the entreaties of the wicked. His misfortunes were always 
the result of his follies. From his life we also learn the folly 
of members of God's chosen people marrying among the 
Gentiles. It brought him sorrow, though in his case, different 
from most others, his marriage was used by the Lord as a 
means of bringing about a great blessing to Israel. In Sam- 
son's character we also see two extreme and apparently con- 
flicting traits — unbounded strength of body, combined with 
great personal daring, yet overshadowed with moral weakness. 
Though, alone, he would enter the cities of the Philistines, or, 
unaided, attack their hosts, yet neither in the case of his wife 
nor of Delilah, could he resist the tears and entreaties of a 
a woman, though he must have known that both were seeking 
his secret to aid his enemies and accomplish his hurt. 

Some have pretended to doubt the history of Samson, as 
recorded in the Bible, because, as they claim, the story of 
his exploits is incredible; but it must be borne in mind that 
the Lord raised him up for a peculiar purpose, and gave him 
extraordinary gifts to accomplish that end; also, that in his 
history, as contained in the book of Judges, it is almost 
always stated, as a prelude to any of bis great manifestation^ 
of strength, that the Spirit of the Lord came mightily upon 
him; and we cannot, as we read the narrative, separate that 
fact from that of his unequalled bodily power. That same 
Spirit that gave great faith to one servant of God, or great 
wisdom to another, gave to Samson his peculiar blessing. 

And Samson judged Israel twenty years; and at his death he 
was taken by his brethren and laid in the burying place of his 
father, Manoah. 




In every action of our lives however trifling, we should first 
reflect on its nature and propriety, otherwise we may act well 
ly by accident. 



V^LTJIE OIF Jl. TRADE. 



BY ROLLO. 



There are many, far too many, of the boys of the present 
day growing to manhood without possessing the knowledge 
of any kind of mechanical labor; and the reason in many cases 
for this is that they neglected the opportunity of learning 
a trade when they were young, and when they reach their 
sixteenth or seventeenth year they think that it would 
be humbling themselves to work for little or no wages even for 
the chance of learning a trade. But they never made a greater 
mistake, and probably will not, if they live for a century or 
two longer. It is never too late to learn, and scarcely 
ever too late to learn a trade, and when a boy starts to 
learn a trade, he of course gets but very small wages, as the 
proprietors of the establishment wherein he ventures to be 
instructed, cannot afford to instruct him, and pay him for the 
privilege of so doing. 

The value of a trade is exhibited everyday, and there would 
be far less loafing done if there were more good tradesmen. 
It is true, work and everything elite is dull at the present time, 
but if the persons who profess to be mechanics were good 
tradesmen they could, with very little trouble, get work enough 
to suit them. 

A trade is a foundation upon which a person may stand 
securely, and when he has once obtained it, it will never leave 
him, and while health and strength remains to him, he will 
be able to earn an honest living. Horace Greeley once said that 
it would always be a consolation to him that when the public 
were tired of him as an editor, he could follow the trade of 
printing or farming, and that, while health and strength 
remained, ten thousand blockheads, taking offense at some 
article they did not understand, could not drive him into the 
poorhouse. And word more true no person ever uttered. Go 
from the counting-house to the plow, or from the academy to 
the printing office if you will, and learn a trade thoroughly, 
and it will prove a pillar in the hour of need. There are very 
few men in this country who have ever attained much worldly 
distinction from their fellows, who were not good mechanics. 

Some may say that where there is one chance to learn a 
trade there are a dozen boys after it. This may, in some 
measure be true, but nearly everybody can get a chance to 
learn a trade of some kTnd. Many will not accept offers 
because they believe they are degrading and humiliating; but 
never mind what the trade is, if you are expert at the business. 
Better by far be the master of a trade that is not so popular 
than be the master of no trade at all. I read not long ago the 
biography of a printer, who, at twenty-three years of age, worked 
for four years for three dollars and a half a week, and boarded 
himself. Notwithstanding this very small amount, he, by 
dint of great exertion, managed to support himself, but how 
he did it passes my comprehension. But he rose, and when 
he died he was worth thousands of dollars. He was a good 
workman, and could consequently get work. I merely cite 
this case to show that no matter for how small an amount you 
may work, if you are careful, and resolve that you will rise 
you will do it, despite all that persons may say to the contrary. 
Remember that it is not for the present you are working, but 
for the future. Better stint yourself now, and feast afterward, 
than feast now and want afterwards. Take, as another instance, 
the example of Horace Greeley. Nobody aided him; he rose 
himself because he set his heart upon it. Of course everybody 
would not rise as quickly or make as good a mechanic and writer 




? 



124= 



CTTJ^E^TirjE IHSTBTJCTOB 




as he, but anybody can become a good workman if he wants 
to be. 

But when you start to learn a trade remember that you have 
to start at the very lowest round of the ladder, and work step 
by step, till you reach the top, keeping the resolution in your 
mind that you will rise. Do everything well, and do it well 
even if you do not progress very fast at first. First learn to 
do it well and swiftness and cxpertness will follow as a natural 
consequence. 

Boys, by all means learn a trade, and, girls, remember that 
one good mechanic is worth a score of scented exquisites, who 
have neither brains nor common sense enough to turn their 
hands to anything else but measuring ribbon or tape. 



DUELS 



WE frequently see allusions in the telegraphic dispatches to 
duels that have been fought between men, sometimes 
for very slight causes. Lest our little readers should not 
know what a duel means, we will inform them that when men 
fight a duel it is for the purpose of killing each other with 
such weapons as they may choose to fight with. In fom er 
time this practice was very common, and especially amcnj 
men who laid any pretence to honor. It was deemed the 
righ . thing for a gentleman to resent an insult by challenging or 
asking the man who gave the insult to fight a duel with him. 
If a man called another a liar or any other dishonerable name 
or struck him, however light the tap might be if it was 
intended as an insult, they thought it ought to be avenged 
with blood. The party who received the insult had the right 
to challenge the other to fight, and the one who was challenged 
had the right to select the kind of weapons they would fight 
with. It has frequently happened in those times when men 
declined to accept a challenge to fight, that they were consid- 
ered as cowards, and so strong has been the force of public 
opinion upon such matters that many men have been forced 
into duels against their better judgment, and have been slain. 
There have been instances, however, where men have refused 
to fight duels and not lost reputation thereby. For instance, 
there was the case of General Jackson, whose nose was pulled 
by Lieutenant Randolph. Jackson did not challenge Randolph, 
and we presume he lost no sensible person's good opinion for 
not doing so. He was a man whose courage had been tried 
and prove j, and men knew that he could and would fight when 
necessary. Judge Thacher, of Maine, was once challenged to 
ik'ht a duel. H s answer was he would "talk with Mrs. 
Thacher about it, and be guided by her opinion." Judge 
Breekenridge, of Kentucky, a State noted for its duels, was 
once challenged to fight, but he positively declined, and told 
the man who gave him the challenge that he might draw his 
(the Judge's) figure on a board, and fire at it as near and as 
often as he pleased, and that, if he hit it, upon certificate of 
the fact, he should have the credit of it. 

A fatal duel, from trivial causes, occurred in London in ISO?., 
between Captain Macnamara of the Royal Navy, and Colonel 
Montgomery of the Ninth Dragoons. The former was riding 
in Rotton Row, followed by his dog; the latter, accompanied 
by his — a fine terrier — was strolling along the lawn. The dogs 
met, snuffed, played for a moment, got angry, quarreled, and 
fell to grips. The owners looked on, amused, until the terrier 
was seized by the mastiff in the small of the back, and likely 
to be killed. Colonel Montgomery requested the captain to 
call off his dog, which the latter declined to do. The colonel 

en said: 




"Unless you call off your dog, I shall knock him down." 

Captain Macnamara: "Sir, if you knock down my dog, 
you will have to knock me down also." 

Colonel Montgomery: "Why don't you dismount, then, 
and take your dog away?" 

Captain Macnamara: "I am an officer in his majesty's 
service, and unaccustomed to the use of such arrogant la n . 
guage." 

Colonel Montgomery: "Sir, if you consider yourself 
aggrieved, you know where I live. You ought to take care of 
your dog." 

Captain Macnamara: "I shall do that, sir, without 
asking leave or receiving permission from you." 

The dogs were parted; but the men met two hours after. 
It was in the same place. The park was empty: though not 
quite dark, the twilight was far advanced. Captain Barry- 
acted for Captain Macnamara, and Sir William Kinnaird for 
Colonel Montgomery. The weapons were pistols. Twelve 
paces were measured off, the weapons placed in the hands of 
the opponents, and the word given. Macnamara was slightly 
grazed only, while Montgomery was shot dead. 

The affray produced great excitement in London, where 
Colonel Montgomery was known as a man of rare accomplish- 
ments and great benevolence; and Captain Macnamara was 
put on trial upon a charge of manslaughter. After the jury 
had retired, Lord Nelson, who had just landed at Portsmouth, 
appeared in court, and made request that his testimony might 
be taken touching the character of the prisoner. The jury 
were accordingly recalled, and Lord Nelson put upon the stand. 
He swore that he considered Captain Macnamara one of the 
most valuable officers in the British navy, that his distinguished 
services had won for him promotion and renown, and that he 
(Nelson) thoug.it Macnamara incapable of insulting a man, 
woman, or child. The jury immediately found a verdict of 

not guilty. 

Henry Clay maintained that there were occasions upon which 
a man could not honorably decline either to give or accept a 
challenge. He cited the duel between John Randolph and 
himself, where he had been insulted for the very purpose of 
branding him a coward, provided he refused to resent it. Clay 
was Secretary of State; John Quiney Adams was President; 
Randolph was in the Senate. In a speech of the coarsest 
sarcasm and most bitter invective, the latter had assailed Clay 
in language like the following: 

"This man — mankind, I beg your pardon — this worm — ye 
little animals, forgive the insult — was spit out of the womb of 
meanness, was raised to a station higher than he was born to, 
for he was raised to the society of blackguards." 

What was to be done? The insult was public; it was inten- 
tional. Randolph was the first gentleman of Virginia. The 
society in which he and Mr. Clay moved recognized the duel. 
Disgrace in his own State and among gentlemen of the South, 
at home and abroad, would be certain to follow any deviation 
from the code. 

"Of course," said Mr. Clay, "I challenged him. I could 
not do otherwise. Had I shown the white feather, even 
Massachusetts would have scorned me." 

The pleasant result of the meeting is well known. The 
shot of Mr. Clay passed through his opponent's coat. 
Mr. Randolph discharged his pistol in the air. He had 
previously said he would do so, but, upon being remon- 
strated with upon the folly of standing to be shot down, 
had replied: 

"Well, if 1 see the devil in Clay's eye, I'll fire." 





J TJ "V EJ IT I Jli El I1TSTBUCTOB. 



125 





The instant the pistols were discharged, Mr. Clay, touched 
by Randolph's magnanimity, approached, and, offering his 
hand, said: 

"I hope you are not hurt, Mr. Randolph. For the world, I 
would not have touched you, after what has occurred." 

You owe me a new coat, Clay," replied Randolph, showing 
the rent made by the ball— to which Clay rejoined: 

"I am glad the debt is no greater." And they parted, 
certainly better social friends, and probably less bitter political 
enemies, than before. 

In August, 1809, three young gentlemen were dining at 
Crockf jrd's, in London. It was getting late. They had sat 
long over their wine, and were boisterous in their mirth as 
they discussed the merits of a water-melon just set before 
them. In the midst of their talk a stranger — an elderly man, 
wearing a gray surtout closely buttoned up to the throat, and 
a shabby hat — entered the room, and seating himself at the 
end of an unoccupied table, ordered a mutton chop and a glass 
of ale. There was nothing sufficiently peculiar about him to 
attract observation. He might have been taken for a county 
magistrate or a country attorney. The expression of his face 
was serious, his manners were quiet, and his bearing that of a 
gentleman — impoverished, perhaps, but still unmistakably of 
gentle breeding. 

As he was eating his chop and sipping his ale, apparently 
unconscious of the rather boisterous merriment of his neigh- 
bors, a melon-seed struck his right ear. Raising his eyes, and 
seeing that the seed had been purposely though sportively 
snapped, and that no apology was made for the petty imper- 
tinence, he picked up the seed, and, wrapping it in paper, put 
it in his pocket. Resuming his repast, a second seed shortly 
struck him on the right elbow. This was followed by a shout 
of laughter. With scarcely a change of the grave expression 
of his face, the stranger stooped, picked up the seed, and 
carefully deposited it with the first. A third followed, with 
some derisive word, as it sped, from the half-drunk young 
fellow, which, striking the stranger on the breast of his coat, 
was also picked up and put with the first two, when rising, 
walking calmly toward the offender, and, unbottoning his coat, 
he laid his card on the table. He had on an undress military 
suit. His card showed his rank. Of course, there was no 
room for retreat. A lieutenant-colonel in the British army 
requires no certificate of gentle blood. No words passed; the 
young gentleman offered his own card in exchange, the officer 
returned to his meal, and the young men, somewhat sobered, 
shortly withdrew. 

The next morning a note arrived at the young gentleman's 
residence, conveying a challenge in form, and one of the 
melon-seeds. The truth then flashed upon the challenged 
party that his unwarrantable frolic was likely to be a somewhat 
serious affair. The code, however, admitted only duel or 
disgrace. Accepting the challenge, naming pistols as weapons, 
and gaining by toss the first shot, the young man fired and 
missed his opponent. The colonel levelled his pistol in return, 
and sent his ball through the flap of his offender's ear — the 
place the first melon-seed, snapped the previous evening, had 
adroitly hit. 

A month passed. Nothing more had been heard from 
the colonel. He had had satisfaction for an insult which, 
however unprovoked, was thoughtless, and which it was hoped 
he had forgiven. Not so. Another note, presented by the 
same friend, conveying in courteous phrase a second challenge, 
with another of those accursed melon-seeds, arrived, with the 
Lionel's apolcgy on the score of ill-health for not sending it 



before. They met again. This time the fire was simultane- 
ous. The aggressor's shot failed. The colonel, on the con- 
trary, shattered with his ball the right elbow of his antagonist. 

This was terrible. The romance of exquisite skill was 
turned into a drama of slaughter. The third melon-seed was 
to come, and it was that which, aimed at the breast of the 
unoffending stranger, had struck, amid cheers of derisive 
laughter, directly above his heart. What instructor ever 
taught good behavior like this! The note arrived at last. It 
contained the melon-seed, but no challenge. 

"And what, sir," asked the young man of the messenger, 
''am I to understand by this?" 

"You will understand, sir, that my friend forgives you. 
He is dead!" 



THIE IF O IP XT H. A. TI OUST 

THE WORLD. 



OIF 



The United States Bureau of Statistics, getting its informa- 
tion from reliable sources, furnishes the following inter- 
esting facts s.nd figures on the above subject: 

The aggregate population of the earth is 1,391,032,000, Asia 
being the most populous section, and containing 798,000,000; 
while Europe has 300,500,000; Africa, 203,000,000: America, 
84,500,000, and Australia and Polynesia, 4,500,000. In 
Europe the leading nations are credited with the following 
numbers: Russia, 71,000,000; the German Empire, 41,000,000; 
France, 36,000,000, Great Britain and Ireland, 32,000,000; 
Italy, nearly 27,000,001); Spain, 16,500,000, and Turkey, nearly 
16,000,000. The other countries do not exceed 5,000,000 each. 
In Asia, China, which is by far the most populous nation of 
the earth, is credited with 425,000,000; Hindostan, with 240, 
000,000; Japan, 33,000,000; the East India Islands, 30,500,000; 
Burmah, Siam and farther India, nearly 26,000,000; Turkey, 
13,500,000, and Russia, 11,000,000. The Australian popula- 
tion is given at 1,674,500, and the Polynesian Islands, at 
2,763,500. New Guinea and New Zealand being included in 
the latter. In Africa, the eheif divisions are West Soudan and 
the Central Africa region, 39,000,000; South xVfrica, 20,250, 
ODD; the Gala country and the region east of the White Nile, 
15,000,000; Samauli, 8,000,000; Egypt, 8,500,000, and Morocco, 
6,000,000. In America, two-thirds of the population are 
north of the Isthmus, where the United States has nearly 
39,000,000; Mexico over 9,000,000, and the British Provinces, 
4,000,000. The total population of North America is given at 
52,000.000, and of South America at 25,500,000, of which 
Brazil contains 10,000,000. The West Indies have over 
4,000,000, and the Central American States not quite 3,000, 
000. According to these tables, London, with 3,254,260 
inhabitants, is the most populous city in the world, whilst 
Philadelphia, 674.022 inhabitants (in 1870) is the eighteenth 
city in point of population. These eighteen cities, in their 
order, are the following: London, 3,254,260; Sutchan (China), 
2,000,000; Paris, 1,851,792; Peking, 1,300,000; Tschantschau 
fu, 1,000,000; Hangts-ta-fu, 1,000,000; Siangtan, 1,000,000; 
Sangnan-fu, 1,000,000; Canton, 1,000,000; New York, 942,- 
292; Tientsin, 900,000; Vienna, 834,284; Berlin, 826,341; 
Hankau, 800,000; Tschintu-fu, 800,000; Calcutta, 794,645; 
Tokio Yeddo, 674,447, and Philidelphia, 674,022. Of cities 
smaller than Philadelphia, the leading ones are: St. Peters- 
burg, 667,963; Bombay, 644,405; Moscow, 611,970; Constan- 
tinople, 600,000; Glasgow, 594,536; Liverpool, 493,405, and 
Rio de Janiero, 420,000. 





126 



«ttt^7":e:n"i:e_.:e] in-strtjctor' 




|pt$ Jfttuenilf |(n«iructor. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 






- EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


MAY 


29, 


1875. 





EZDITOZRI^IL, THZOTJC3-HITS. 

F the laws which are in force in Eng- 
and were to be enforced here, there 
would be a great outcry raised by many. 
They would think their liberty encroached 
upon, and that the State was meddling 
with that which was none of its concern. 
For instance, during ■severe winters in that 
country some stock-raisers, in their attempts 
to save money, have given their animals 
scarcely enough to eat, and some of the poor 
creatures have died in consequence. The reas- 
oning of these stock-raisers has been some- 
thing like this: 

"If 1 can only tide over this frost — if I can 
manage to keep the stock alive for a few weeks, the 
grass will come, and I shall soon get them into 
condition. If I buy roots, or grain, or hay, I must 
put my hand into my pocket, and I shall never get 
my money back; but if I can wait for the grass, I shall save 
my money." 

One would think that it would be to the farmers' interests to 
keep tneir stock fed, so that they would not die on their hands; 
but -nine farmers in England have insisted that they have been 
gainers in the long run by waiting for the grass to grow instead 
of buying food, even though they did run the risk of losing a 
few animals. 

But in England there is a society organized for the purpose 
of preventing cruelty to animals. This society has its agents 
in every part of the kingdom. Whenever a farmer fails to 
feed his stock properly, an agent of this society brings him 
before a magistrate. The law against cruelty to animals is 
strict, and where it is proved that a man staives his stock, 
he was heavily fined. We read of one farmer being fined 
$500; of another $250, and of another SI 2'>l 

To give our little readers an idea of the strictness of the law 
in that country, we will give another instance: A man had 
some cows to sell. He took them to market. But he did not 
milk them. He left the milk in their udders to make the 
purchaser think they were splendid milkers. An agent of 
the society learned the fact, brought the owner of the cows up 
and he was convicted. Tt was decided that this act was one 
of heartless cruelty. The law, when enforced, makes the 
penalty for this offence, three months bard labor in prison. 

If it were not f ir the watchfulness of this society in England, 
and others like it in the Eastern States, cruelty to animals 
would be very common in many places, and especially in large 
cities. In our Territory there is far too much of this. Boys 
torture frogs, throw .-tones at and abuse dogs, and do not 
spare the use of the whip or club to horses, oxen and cows. 
How common it is for boys and young men who can get big 
spurs to wear when riding, to dig them into the sides of the 
horses or mules on whose backs they are perched, until the 
blood comes. The more tired the animals are, the more likely 
they are to get this treatment. Such conduct is extremely 
ruel, and it is an evidence of a heartless disposition. Then, 



again, there are some men and boys whose chief delight it is 
to be killing some fowl or animal. They call it sport. If they 
hear of ducks or geese being plentiful in certain ponds, or of 
sage hens, or deer, or rabbits being within reach, they imme- 
diately seize their guns and go where they can shoot them. 
Probably at the same time, they have at home all the meat 
they want. But it is not because they are hungry and need 
food they go hunting. It is because they want to kill some- 
thing. How wretchedly cruel is such conduct! Have not the 
fowls of the air, the beasts of the forest and the fish in the 
waters no right to life? Were they created for man to kill for 
his amusement and to show his skill? Is it any wonder that 
all these creatures are afraid of man, and fly and run and hide 
from his sight whenever they see him approach? He who 
should be their Iriend and protector is their enemy and 
destroyer. Snakes are not to blame for trying to defend 
themselves by biting man; for man is their enemy; he kills 
them whenever he sees them. They therefore, only follow 
his example. If man would have the enmity which now exists 
between himself and the animal creation cease, he must prove 
himself the friend of animals. We imagine we hear some 
ask: "Must we not kill snakes?" We reply to this imaginary 
inquiry: No, not even snakes. They have a right to life, and 
let them live. The Lord has said that: 

"The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard 
shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and young lion and 
the falling together; and a little child shall lead them. And 
the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie 
down together; and the lion shall eat straw like the ox. And 
the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the 
weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice's den. They 
shall not 'hurt or destroy in all my holy mountain." 

That will never be fulfilled until man stops warring against 
animals, fowls, fish and reptiles, and becomes their friend — 
till he ceases to be the cruel, destroying and devouring 
monster which, in so many instances, he has become. We 
hope the readers of the Juvenile Instructor will shun 
cruelty, that they will never kill even a worm if they can help 
doing so. A tender-hearted poet writes: 

"I would not enter on my list of friends 

(Though graced with polish' d manners and fine sense, 

Yet wanting sensibility) the man 

Who needlessly sets foot upon a worm. 

An inadvertent step may crush the snail 

That crawls at evening in the public path; 

But he that has humanity forewarn' d 

Will tread aside and let tne reptile live." 



Be a Man. — Foolish spending is the father of poverty. 
Do not be ashamed of work. Work for the wages you can 
get, but work for half price rather than be idle. Be your 
own master, and do not let fashion or society swallow up your 
individuality — hat, coat and boots. Compel 3 T our selfish body 
to spare something for profits saved. See that you are proud. 
Let your pride be of the right kind. Be too proud to be lazy; 
too proud to give up without conquering every difficulty; too 
proud to wear a coat you cannot afford to buy; to proud to be 
in company you cannot keep up with in expenses; too proud 
to lie, or steal, or cheat; too proud to be stingy. 



An action cannot be perfectly good, unless it be pure in its 
motives; that is unless the motives be virtuous and free from 
any mixture of evil. 




JTJYEITILE I1TSTRUCTOR, 



137 




Jpjforii 



^ 



OKI 




BY J. L. 1SAKF00T. 



( Continued. ) 



THE AMERICAN BEAR. ( Ursus Americanus.— Pallas. ) 





In these "stories" it will be the aim of the writer to impart, 
in a simple manner, a knowledge of those principles of 
biological science, or, those principles of science which espec- 
ially relate to life, that are generally received, to aid as far as 
possible in giving a correct exhibition of the peculiarities of 
structure, habits, and traits of character observed in our 
animals, and to correct any popular error in relation to them. 
An effort will also be made to amuse as well as instruct our 
children. The most important of all the generalizations of 
modern science in relation to natural history may be taught by 
showing the common characters that link all animals and 
plants together. This great law: "that all animal and plants 
are associated and arranged according to certain fixed laws,'' 
may be thus shown, and the young mind prepared to receive 
higher generalizations without sapping at the foundations of 
our faith. 

There is something indescribably droll about the American 
Bear, whether it be the black, brown or cinnamon variety. 
"Climbing" Bears were great favorites when exhibited here, 
as they are said 
to be at the 
Zoological Gar- 
dens, in Phila- 
delphia. Many 
here will re- 
member our 
bears; how cool- 
ly they would climb to the top of a high pole in the centre of 
the bear pit, and stand upon the top surveying the surrounding- 
country. There was a kind of fascinating excitement in look- 
ing at them in such perilous positions; especially when, by a 
little dextrous maneuvering, one bear would get past another 
while climbing the same iole: and then, standing on the too, 
play "buffeting" with the one below. One could hardly help 
fancying one or both must fall Quite a mistake; such a thing 
was never known. What an impression it gives one of the 
enormous muscular power of the Bear, to sustain the weight of 
the body with such leverage ! 

Then, again, the wrestling of Bears is something remarkable; 
they approach each other with as much apparent caution as if 
they were mimicking the professional pugilist. What boxing, 
hugging, tumbling and rolling; how they gather to opposite 
corners, panting for breath, the huge hog-like jaws extended, 
the tongue protruding, the saliva flowing in copious streams 
down the rough, shaggy coat. How gleeful they each appear 
to be, as they regard each other askance, that they may each 
see the approach of the other to renew the affray. 

And how complacent and human-like in their gentleness 
when they stand behind the bars of the cage to be fed with 
apples, cakes, candy and other tit-bits; a child may feed them. 
What intelligence they manifest, too, in discovering a weak 
point in the den or cage; let there be a tiny crack, through 
which the light shines, if possible it will be enlarged by their 
powerful claws, with a persistent industry and energy, which 
one feels can only be prompted by the love of liberty! 



We had a weak point in the bear pit; it had been built 
when the bears were young, and had not been increased in 
bight as they grew older. One of the Bears, a sly, knowing 
' 'cinnamon, ' ' was the first to discover the chance of escape. 
On a Sunday, when the keeper was away and all was quiet, 
she succeeded in getting to the top of the wall, where she was 
seen by the watchman, and compelled to leap down again into 
the pit. Observations were then made to discover her methods 
of climbing up the walls. One of the corners of the pit was 
built at an angle of forty-five degrees; the walls were rough on 
one side, and boards on the other; she had placed her back 
against the rough wall, and her paws against the other, and 
gradually worked her way to the top, a bight of some fifteen 
feet, 

The American Bear can be made subject to discipline, but 
there must be decision of character and absence of fear in the 
person training him. Four bears, two of which were consid- 
ered "ugly," once broke out of the cage in our menagerie, 
and were entirely free in a large yard; but they were driven 
back almost as one would drive sheep, the keeper pushing 
them along with his knees, and guiding them by a small stick. 
It is worthy of remark that no cruel treatment had been 
resorted to to bring 'about this entire subjugation. Once o r 
twice, a large black bear, who would act as a sort of ring- 
leader, received a sharp blow on the head, which he did not 
attempt to resent. He certainly exhibited signs of astonish- 
ment as he retired for a few paces, and seemed to reflect on 
the situation. Whether he considered "discretion the better 
part of valor," or that he might come off "second-best" with 
an assailant armed with a heavy hammer, we had no means of 
ascertaining; probably had a stranger, instead of the keeper, 
struck him he would have returned the blow. 

In confinement, the American Bear does not hibernate 
during the winter; neither does he live by "licking his paws;" 
but he consumes a much larger supply of animal food. It. 
would seem that a natural provision is made by the bear for 
the winter's cold by large deposits of "adipose tissue, in conse- 
quence of his indolence and consumption of carbonaceous 
matter. Peaches are a favorite food, of which large quantities 
are eaten, the kernels being extracted with wonderful celerity, 
and eaten with great relish. The habits of the Bear in a 
wild state are seen, however, in the predilection for wild 
seeds and sweets. The seeds ol the mountain oak (acorns) 
and other seeds and berries of the woods are devoured 
greedily. 

The erect position can be retained by the American Bear for 
a long while, its tplantigrade habits have doubtless reference 
to its searching after food. Although omnivorous by its pre- 
dilections, it can live entirely on either animal or vegetable 
food. Its habits in eating much resemble those of the hog. 
The structure of the hind feet gives it great advantage over 
most quadrupeds, while the fore paws can be trained to manip- 
ulations of marvelous delicacy, considering its clumsy appear- 
ance. This has been the reason of the black Bear being 
"educated" by the showmen to walk the streets of our great 
cities and "perform" its tricks that seem to be a burlesque 
upon some human performances. Our Bears never progressed 
farther than to drink milk out of a bottle, which they lifted to 
the mouth and emptied with a gusto as evident as that of 
some higher animals on two legs when drinking out of a 
bottle. 

( To be Continued.) 



* Fatty substance. ] Walking on the soles of the feet. 




\(p 



128 



JTJYB1TILB INSTBL'OTOE/. 




WEIGHTS 



Nearly all our little folks, we suppose, have learned their 
tables, and know that there are three kinds of weights in 
this country. Some things, such as gold and silver, and other 
precious articles, are weighed by Troy weight, which has only 
twelve ounces to the pound; but most other things are weighed 
by what is called avoirdupois weight, in which there are 
sixteen ounces to the pound. The third weight is called 
apothecaries' weight, but it is only used by druggists and 
doctors in making up those nasty powders and other medicines 
which they administer to their patients when they are ill; but 
which we would rather not think about. 

Though almost everybody knows something about Troy 
weight and avoirdupois weight, not very many, perhaps, 
know why these weights are called by those names; and as 
some of you little folks might like to know, we will tell you. 

Over eight hundred years ago a fierce warrior, William, 
Duke of Nonnanidy, came over to England with a large army 
of soldiers, and having beaten the English at the Battle of 
Hastings, conquered the whole of England, and made himself 
king, calling himself William the Conqueror. He built the 
great Tower of London, of which you have probably read or 
heard. 

This King William and his Norman nobles looked down 
with contempt on our rude Saxon forefathers, and believed 
them to be little better than barbarians. 

They wished, however to civilize them, and for this purpose 
tried to spread their own Norman customs and manners, and 
even their language, everywhere. 

But our forefathers were tough and obstinate, and would 
not yield, and generally gave as good as they got. The result 
was that in nearly everything there was a compromise, or a 
splitting of the difference. 

This compromise is very easy to be seen even at this day in 
England. The days of the week have Saxon names, but the 
months of the year are Norman. The animals we eat are 
called by Saxon names whilst alive, but directly they are dead 
and fit to be eaten, they get Norman names — thus bullock alive 
is beef when dead; sheep is mutton; calf is veal; pig is pork; 
and so on. Well, this compromising spirit gives rise to the 
use of avoirdupois weight; and it is owing to the brave tough- 
ness of spirit of our Saxon forefathers that when you buy a 
pound of cake, or figs, or sweetmeats, you get sixteen ounces 
instead of only twelve. 

The Normans tried to have things sold in England by Troy 
weight. This weight was called after the town of Troyes, in 
France, where a great fair was held every year, which very 
many merchants used to attend. But the English did not like 
Troy weight. Before the Normans came to England there 
used to be twenty ounces to the pouud; and so, when Troy 
weight was introduced, the Englishman who went to buy a 
pound of anything, was very much vexed at being offered only 
twelve ounces, even though the ounces might be larger. He 
would dispute with the shopkeeper, and say that he must have 
weight, that is, proper weight, Well, the shopkeeper would 
refuse to give twenty ounces, and the customer would refuse to 
take twelve ounces, until at last, to end the dispute, they would 
agree to split the difference. Now, if you have learned sub- 
traction, you know that twelve from twenty leaves eight. The 
half of eight is four, and the Norman would agree to give, and 
the Englishman would consent to take, four ounces more than 
Troy weight. These tour ounces would make the pound to 
consist of sixteen ounces. 




Now, the Englishman gained these four ounces by saying 
that he would have weight. The Norman- French for "to 
have weight" was avoir dupoids, and so the pound of sixteen 
ounces got to be called the pound avoirdupois. 

Now you know why Troy weight is called bv that name, and 
how the refusal of our forefathers to accept it gave a name to 
the other sort, 



IBOYS "W^ZECIE TJTIF. 



DYS wake up! — Don't sit dreaming as though the world 
was made to sleep in. Don't imagine somebody is going 
to clothe and feed you while you read love stories. Have more 
ambition than to part your hair in the middle, carry a cane, 
flourishing a cigar. Don' t belittle yourself by using tobacco in 
any form. It will make you filthy, create an appetite for li- 
quor, and make you old and nervous. 

Wake up. Try to be somebody. Try to do something. Try 
to be noble, honest and industrious. By being somebody, we 
do not mean simply being rich, or just like all the rest of the 
boys. Step on boldly, into the new paths that other boys 
are too indolent and timid to try. 

To do something is to shovel dirt, take hold of the plow 
handle, run errands, indeed anything that is right, rather 
than lounge on the street corners, dry goods boxes, or hang 
around hotel steps. If you would rather tell a falsehood, or 
smoke or drink, than to be seen in plain clothes, coarse boots 
and at work — you are just nobody. 

Truth, temperance and good deeds make men; clothes 
have nothing to do with it. If the lads you associate with 
talk sneeringly of their mothers or sisters avoid them as you 
would a deadly poison. The influence of low vulgar language 
may lead you into infauiy. Ba pure. Oh how pleasant it is 
to look into the face of an innocent lad who is chaste and vir- 
tuous ! 



A Sleepless Secretary. — The following story is told of 
Sir Evan Nepean, formerly under-secretary of state of Great 
Britain: One summer-night he was affected with an unac- 
countable sleeplessness, and, being quite weary of lying 
awake, he got up, dressed, and weitout at 3 a. m., strolling 
aimlessly, more from daily habit than anything else, down to 
the Home-Office. Entering his private room, his eye caught 
the following entry in a memorandum-book: "A reprieve to be 
sent to coiners ordered for execution at York. ' ' Although he 
knew that he had done his own part of the business, he was 
seized with a nervous uneasiness, fancying that perhaps the 
other people had not done theirs. The feeling was so strong 
upon him that he called up the chief clerk in Downing Street, 
who said that he had sent it to the clerk of the crown, whose 
business it was to forward it to York. ' 'But have you his 
receipt and certificate that it is gone?" "No." "Then let 
us go at once to his house in Chancery Lane." They did so, 
and found him in the act of stepping into his gig for a country 
holiday. He had forgotten the reprieve, and left it locked up 
in his desk. The fleetest express procurable was dispatched, 
and reached York just as the criminals were mounting the cart. 



Value the friendship of him who stands by you in the 
storm; swarms of insects will surround you in the sunshine. 



He who affects useless singularity has a trifling mind. 





jITVBlsriLB IUSTBTJCTOB 



129 




'O-TXEnPOWDIElIR, PLOT." 



THE boys in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, it is said, have a 
curious celebration of the 5th of November. For a week 
or so before, tin horns begin to hoot from yards and play- 
grounds in every direction, and on that night the boys parade 
with pumpkin lanterns to the noise of innumerable horns, to 
the great disgust of all well-bred horses and peaceable citizens. 
"What does all this mean, boys?" "Why, it is 'Pope's 
night,'" they answer: 

"Don't you remember, 

On the oth of November, 

The gunpowder plot? 

Have you forgot?" 
is there any other town in the country which celebrates the 
anniversary of the old "gunpowder plot," we wonder? It 
may not be amiss to revive this bit of history, in ordei to show 
to what desperate lengths men will go to carry out their designs. 
In the year 1615, a party of discontented men in England 
banded together to murder their king, and raise the standard 
of rebellion. They were not rowdies or robbers, but men of 
birth and education, with families and fortune. They were 
discontented, however, and brooded on their discontent until 





it bred all sorts of wild and daring schemes. They used to 
meet at an old house in a lonely piece of woods, not far from 
London, and spent hours and hours plotting mischief. Percy 
and Guy Fawkes were the leaders. 

Parliament was about to open in London, when the king 
and the chief men of the kingdom would be present, and it 
was planned to blow them all up with gunpowder. After 
deciding upon this wholesale murder, they knelt down and 
swore never to back out, never to betray or forsake one 
another; and this oath they bound upon their consciences by a 
religious rite, administered by a Roman catholic priest. 

It was some time after the plot was hatched before they 
began to carry it out. "Well, gentlemen," cried Percy, im- 
patient at delay, "shall we always talk and never act?" They 
hired a house next to the Parliament-house, and tried to lay a 
mine under the cellar; but the cellar walls of the Parliameut- 
house proved to be very thick, and resisted their pickaxes. 
In fact, they worked under considerable disadvantages, for 
they had to work easy, lest they should be heard; they had to 
work armed, lest they should be taken; they had to work 
with their hard eggs and dried meat by them, lest in going in 
and out to their meals they should be seen and suspected. 

Then every strange sound scared them. Once they heard 
bell toll. "It is a warning," said one, "that our own 



funeral bell will soon toll." When they were nearly at a 
stand-still, the coal man who rented the cellar of the Parlia- 
ment-house vacated the premises, and Percy immediately hired 
it. Into this cellar by night, and by small lots at a time, they 
carried thirty-six barrels of gunpowder, besides stones, blocks of 
wood and of iron, to add force to the explosion. Every thing 
worked favorably up to the very night fixed upon for the 
crime, the 5th of November. The traitors met for the last 
time; each had his part assigned him. Guy Fawkes was to 
fire the train. As soon as it was lighted, there was a horse 
saddled and bridled, and waiting to take him to a ship lying 
in the Thames, ready to carry him over the seas. Booted and 
spurred, with a lantern and match in hand, he went to the 
cellar in the early part of the evening on his errand of blood. 
While there, two gentlemen, having charge of the Parliament- 
house, unexpectedly descended the cellar stairs. Finding Guj r , 
they asked who he was. "I am Mr. Percy's servant, and 
have charge of his coals," replied Guy Fawkes coolly. "He 
has a large stock of fuel," carelessly remarked one of the 
gentlemen, and both went up the stairs again. "All's right," 
said Guy to himself. It was after midnight when he crept to 
the cellar door to look out and take a sniff of fresh air. 
Scarcely had he stepped his foot on the pavement before he 
was suddenly collared. Guy made a desperate resistance, and 
tried to get back to fire the powder; but he was surrounded by 
a body of armed men, bound hand and foot, and carried off. 

The plot was discovered. One of the traitors, it seems, 
had a dear friend whom be wished to save, and he had 
written him an anonymous letter warning him to stay away 
from the opening of the Parliament. There was something- 
mysterious in the words of the letter, and he showed it to 
another friend. Was it best to take notice of such a letter? 
At first they paid no attention to it; but its solemn warnings 
continuing to sound in their ear, it was finally carried to the 
king. The king immediately smelt powder, and sent instant 
orders to have the Parliament-house searched. In the search 
they stumbled upon Guy Fawkes, as already related. He tried 
to blind them, and supposed he had, but was mistaken, as a 
great many bad men are when they try to hide their evil deeds. 

All that morning the rest were posted on a hill near London, 
waiting to see the explosion. When they heard of Guy's 
arrest, seized with terror, they fled as best they could; but 
every one was taken. Some died fighting, some died from 
their wounds; the others met a traitor's fate: they were 
executed. 



How to Get Along in the World. — Don't stop to tell 
stories in business hours. 

If you have a place of busines-, be found there when 
wanted. 

No man can get rich by sitting round the stores and saloons. 

Never "fool in business matters." 

A man of honor respects his word as he does his bond. 

Help others when you con, but never give what you cannot 
afford to, simply because it is fashionable. 

Learn to say No. No necessity of snapping out dog-fashion, 
but say it firmly and respectfully. 

Learn to govern your temper. You needn't be so submissive 
as to allow your rights to be trampled upon, but you can be 
firm and resolute without being passionate and irritable. 
There is seldom anything to be gained by flying into a passion, 
and the chances are ten to one that you will lose respect by 
such indulgence. 




130 




JUVENILE IITSTRUCTOR 




ntsVioivi anil ^nswer^ 

OUST TBZIE BIBLE. 



FIKST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON LXXXIX. 

Q.— What promise did Samuel make to Israel if they should 
do this? 

A. — That the Lord would deliver them out of the hand of the 
Philistines. 

Q. — How did the'ehildren of Israel then act? 

A.— They put away Baalim and Ashtaroth, and served the Lord 
only. 

Q. — To what place did Samuel tell Israel to gather? 

A.— Mizpeh. 

Q. — What did Samuel promise to do there? 

A. — To pray for them unto the Lord. 

Q. — What did the Israelites do when they came to Mizpeh? 

A. — They fasted and said "we have sinned against the Lord." 

Q. — What did the Philistines do, when they heard that the 
Israelites had come to Mizpeh? 

A. — They went up against them. 

Q. — How did the children of Israel act? 

A. — They were afraid and besought Samuel not to cease crying 
unto the Lord. 

O. — How did the Lord answer the rjraver of Samuel? 

A. — He ''thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the 
Philistines, and discomfited them.' 

Q. — Wl a', did Samuel call the stone which he set up in com- 
memoration of this event? 

A.— Eben-ezer. 

Q.— What did he say? 

A. — "Hitherto hath the Lord helped us." 

Q. — What was the condition of the Ph : listines after this? 

A. — They were subdued and came no more into the coast of 
Israel. 

Q. — How long was the hand of the Lord against them? 

A. — All the days of Samuel. 

Q. — What became of the cities which the Philistines had taken? 

A —They were all restored to Israel. 

Q. — How long did Samuel judge Israel? 

A. — All the days of his life, 

Q.— To what place did he go in circuit as judge from year to year. 

A.— "To Beth-el, and Gilgal, and Mizpeh." 

Q. — Where did he return? 

A.— To Kamah. 

Q.— Why did lie do so? 

A. — "For there was his house." 

Q.— What did he build there'' 

A. — An altar unto the Lord. 

Q. — What did Samuel do when he was old? 

A. — "He made his sons judges over Israel." 

Q. — What was the name of his firstborn? 

A— Joel. 

Q- — What was the name of his second son? 

A. — Abiah. 

Q. — Where were they appointed judges? 

A. — In Beer-sheba. 

Q.— What was the characrer of Samuel's sons? 

A.— They "walked not in his ways, but turned aside after lucre 
and took bribes, and perverted judgment." 

Q.- -What did the elders of Israel then say unto Samuel? 

A.— "Thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways: now 
make us a king to judge us like all the nations." 

0.— How did Samuel like this? 

A. — It displeased him. 

Q.— What did Samuel then do' 

A. — He prayed unto the Lord. 



ntati&nz anil Unsnrers 



OUST THUS 

book oe im: o b im: o nsr 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXIX. 

Q. — How did the captains of Amalickiah's army find the city 
of Noah protected? 

A.— It was fortified by a bank and deep ditch and there was 
only one place of entrance. 

Q. — Who was the commander of this city? 

A. — Lehi. 

Q. — When the Lamanites saw the defences how did they 
feel? 

A. — They feared to attack the city, but as their captains had 
sworn to destroy the city they brought up their troops for the 
attack. 

Q. — How did the battle begin? 

A.— The Lamanites attacked the entrance with a large force? 

Q.— With what result' 

A. — They were driven back with great slaughter. 

Q.— What did they next attempt? 

A.— They tried to tear down the bank which protected the 
Nepbi'.e?. 

Q. — How did they succeed in this? 

A.— They were killed in great numbers by the stones thrown 
by the Nephites. 

Q. — How long did the battle rage? 

A.— There was an end of fighting only when all the chief cap- 
tains of the Lamanites were slain. 

Q.— How many Nephites were killed and wounded in this 
encounter? 

A.— Not a man was killed, but about fifty were wounded. 

Q. — How many Lamanites were slain? 

A. — More than a thousand. 

Q.— When the Lamanites saw their captains fall what did they 
do? 

A. — They fled into the wilderness. 

Q. — From the wilderness where did they go? 

A. — They returned fo their own land. 

Q. — When Amalickiah heard of their loss how did he act? 

A.— He was very angry at being unable to bring the Nephites 
into bondage. 

Q. — On the other hand how did the Nephites feel? 

A. — They felt thankful to God for their deliverance. 

Q. — After this did Moroni stop fortifying the cities? 

A. — No; in the commencement ot the twentieth year of the 
reign of the Judges he caused his armies to fortify every city with 
a bank of earth. 

Q. — Besides this bank what else was constructed aroundjeach 
city? 

A. — A fortification of wood which rested upon the bank. 

Q. — After these defences were completed what did Moroni do? 

A.— He caused his armies to drive the Lamanites out of the 
east wilderness into their own lands. 

Q. — At this time what portion of the continent did the Nephites 
occupy? 

A.— A strip of country extending from the west to the east 
sea. 

Q.— When the Lamanites were driven from the wilderness what 
was done? 

A. — People from Zarshemla occupied it. 

(4.— What did Moroni do to protect these persons? 

A. — He sent armies along the border of the Nephites. 

Q.— When the land had been fortified on every side what did 
the people do next? 

A.— They built many cities and they became very wealthy. 





CTTT "V IEJ IsT I :C IE IFSTRTJCTOB. 



131 




#1-1$ 



m erica* 



BY O. M. 0. 



( Continued. 



ANCIENT RUINS, 




It is now generally admitted by all who have investigated the 
early history of America that the nations and tribes inhab- 
iting the country at the time of the conquest were then grad- 
ually sinking away from a higher position once occupied by 
their ancestors in the social scale. The melancholy lact cannot 
be denied that they were the descendants of a more civilized 
race, rapidly drifting into the conditions of savages. Nothing 
leads us more strongly to this conclusion than the abundant 
remains of ruined cities scattered over the southern part of 
Mexico, and still further south into central America. Here 
ruins of ancient cities have been discovered, which must have 
been deserted and forgotten years before the Aztec supremacy. 
Most of these ruins have been found in dense forests, where, 
at the time of the Spanish conquest, they had long been hid- 
den from observation. These antiquities show that, anciently, 
the country was occupied by a people admirably skilled in the 
arts of masonry and building. Some of their architectural 
decorations cannot be excelled by the best of constructors and 
decorators of the present day. They were not only highly 
skilled in the appliances of civilized life, hue it is a fact beyond 
dispute that they had the art of writing, as the many inscrip- 
tions testify. 

One must know something of the wild condition of the 
country, to understand properly the condition and situation of 
most of the old ruins. Mr. Squier says: "By far the greater 
proportion of the country is in its primeval state, and covered 
with dense, tangled, and almost impenetrable tropical forests, 
rendering fruitless all attempts at systematic investigation. 
There are vast tracts, untrodden by human feet, or traversed 
only by Indians who have a superstitious reverence for the 
moss-covered and crumbling monuments hidden in the depth 
of the wildernes?. " 

A great forest of like character covers the southern half of 
Yucatan, half of Guatemala, and extends into Chiapa, 
Tobasco and Honduras. There are ruins in this forest that 
none but wandering nations have ever seen, and some that 
possibly no human foot has approached for ages. According 
to the old books, the principal seats of the earliest civilization, 
the Colhuas, were in this forest-covered region. In their time 
the whole was cultivated and filled with cities and towns teem- 
ing with inhabitants. Here it is supposed the Colhuan city of 
Xibalba was situated, which, after a long existence, was 
destroyed by the Toltecs. Nearly in the centre of this forest 
is a lake called Peten. A solitary native town stands on its 
shore. This town was founded nearly a century before the 
arrival of the Spaniards, by a Maya prince of Itza, who, with 
a portion of his people, fled from Yucatan to that lonely 
region, to escape from the disorder and bloodshed of a civil 
war. This was the civil war which broke up the Maya king- 
dom, and during which the great city of Mayapan was 
destroyed. This was about the year A. D. 1420. 

In 1695 Don Martin Ursua, a Spanish officer, built a road 
from Yucatan to Lake Peten, captured the town and destroyed 
He reported that, when building this road, he found the 



"wrecks of ancient ci.ies lying buried in the wilderness all 
along the route, stately edifices overgrown with foliage, and 
apparently very ancient. ' ' In fact, this vast forest covers an 
area considerably larger in extent than Ohio or Pennsylvania, 
and it remains as little known and unexplored as the heart of 
Africa; and the ruins of which something is known have 
merely been visited and described in part by explorers and 
travelers, who have brought away drawings of the principal 
objects. 

In giving a brief account of the more important ruins we 
necessarily pass over "fragments from the wreck that befel the 
American civilization of antiquity" — thousands of other mon- 
uments, recorded and unrecorded by antiquarians, found in 
every sierra and valley of Mexico and Central America. 

In the northern part of the valley of Mexico was the city of 
Tulha, the ancient capital of the Toltecs. At the time of the 
conquest its site was an extensive field of ruins. At Xochi- 
calco are the remains of a remarkable pyramid, constructed 
with five stories. It stands on a hill consisting chiefly of rock, 
which was excavated and hollowed for the construction of 
chambers and galleries. These galleries are six feet high, and 
paved with cement. The sides and ceilings are covered with 
a durable preparation which makes them smooth and glisten- 
ing. The main gallery is one hundred and eighty feet long, 
terminating in two chambers, which are separated only by two 
massive, square pillars. Over a part of the inner chamber is 
a dome six feet in diameter; it has a regular slope, and 
was faced with square stones laid in cement. From the 
top went up a tube o;- circular aperture nine inches in 
diameter, probably to reach the open air or some point in the 
pyramid. The basement is a rectangular building, measuring 
in the northern front sixty-four feet in length, by fifty-eight 
in depth on the western front. The hight between the plinth 
and the frieze is nearly ten feet; the frieze is three feet and a 
half in breadth, and the cornice one foot, five inches. The 
bearings of the edifice correspond exactly with the cardinal 
points of the compass. The building is constructed of porphyry 
rock, in blocks, laid up in cement, and is carved and sculptured 
with singular figures and hieroglyphics, executed in a skillful 
mann?r. Mayer, who visited this ruin in 1842, says: 

"We cannot fail to be struck with the industry, toil and 
ingenuity of the builders. Huge rocks were brought to form 
the walls supporting the terraces that surround the hill a 
league in circumference; and the whole of that immense mass 
was cased in stone. Beyond these terraces again there was 
still another task in the ditch of even greater extent, which 
had to be dug and regularly embanked. When you combine 
all the difficulties and all their labors, I think you will agree 
with me that there are but few works, not of essential utility, 
undertaken in the present age, by civilized nations, that do 
not sink into insignificance when contrasted with the hill of 
Xochicalco, from whose summit towered its lofty pyramid of 
sculptured porphyry." 

Who the builders were, no one can tell; there is no tradition 
of them or the temple. When first discovered, no one knew 
who had built it, or for what purpose it had been built. It 
has out-lasted history and memory; yet, fragment as it is, it 
denotes that the people who built it were persons of taste and 
refinement, living in an age of civilization and architectural 
progress, that may well entitle the ancient inhabitants of our 
conlinent to the character of an original race. 

In this part of Mexico, among other ruins, are the very 
ancient pyramidal structures at Teotihua«an, and an uncounted 
number of "teo callis," or pyramids of smaller size. The 





132 



JUYEUILB I1TSTBUCTOE 




They 



largest of these structures covers eleven acres, 
made of earth, and faced with brick or stone. 

Captain Dupaix saw, not far from Antequera, two truncated 
pyramids, penetrated by two carefully constructed galleries, 
lined with hewn stone bearing sculptured decorations. He 
mentions also the ruins of elaborately decorated edifices, which 
stood on elevated terraces. At one place lie excavated a 
mound, and discovered burnt brick; and he describes two 
ancient bridges, both built of hewn stone laid in cement, one 
of them being two hundred feet lone and thirty-six feet wide. 
Obelisks, or pillars, forty two feet high, stood at the corners 
of these bridges. The pyramid of Cholula is in this part of 
the country, and at present seems little more than an artificial 
mound of earth. Originally, it was constructed in four stages, 
or stories. It covers an area of forty-five acres. When 
measured by Humboldt, it was fourteen hundred feet square at 
the base, and one hundred and sixty feet high. Its condition 
of decay indicates that it is much older than the Toltec period. 



S TJ- ZLST ID J^IT LESSONS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON X. 



Q.- 
A 

in the 

Q- 

A- 
Q.- 

A.— 

Q.- 
A. 
Q.- 
A 

Q.- 
A. 

Q- 
A. 
Q— 
A. 

Q 
A. 

Q.- 
A. 

Q- 
A. 
tog' 
Q.- 
A. 



-Did he tell Joseph where he could learn more about them? 
-Yes, out of a record written upon gold plates, and buried 
firth. 

■Did he tell him there was anything else with the plates? 
-Yes, tin' Urim and Thummim. 
-What is that'.' 

Two stones set in silver bows fastened to a breastplate. 
What are they used fo 

-To translate from one langu ige to another. 
Who used them formerly:' 
-Snrvants of ! ! id called seers. 
■Did the angel tell him anything el e? 

-Yes, a great many things about the prophesies in the Bible. 
Did the angel visit him more thaa once durine the night? 

-Yes, I hree ti -. 

What did the angel tell .Joseph about the golden plates? 
-That he should rec live them at some future time. 
•How long did the three visits of the angel last? 
-Nearly all night. 

What effect did they and the loss of sleep have upon him? 
-He was very weak and feeble the next day. 
-Did he go to his work as usual? 

-Yes, hut his father saw that he was not well, and told him 
home. 

-As he was g ling, what happened. 
-When he v, as getting over a fence he fell down and fainted. 



-»-s- 



Be FAITHFUL. — A man cannot afford to be unfaithful under 
aty circumstances; a man cannot afford to be mean at any time; 
a mail cannot afford to do less than his best at all times ami 
tarn ■•. No matter how wrongfully you are 
placed, an 1 no matter how unjustly you are treated, you can- 
not, for your own sake, afford to ase anything but your better 
services; yon cannot afford to cheat a cheater; you cannot lie 
to a liar; you cannot afford to lie mean to a mean man; you 
cannot afford to do other than to deal uprightly with any man, 
no matter what exigences] may exist between yourselves. No 
man can afford to lie anything hut a true man, living in his 
higher nature, and acting from the noblest considerations. 




Never either praise or dispraise yourself, your actions do 
sufficiently. 



;(£ or respond cite 



t. 



Fort Herriman, Salt Lake Co., 

May i, 1875. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother. — The 3rd of May was an inter- 
esting time to the juveniles of the Fort Herriman Sunday school. 
In the afternoon of that day the children of our beautiful place, 
together with some of their parents and friends, numbering in 
all about one hundred and fifty persons, met in our meeting- 
house. At a quarter past one the opening hymn was sung by 
the school children, under the leadership of E. Orgill, and prayer 
was then offered bv the chairman, E. I. Stocking; the children 
then sang 'All Hail, my Sabbath Schoolmates!" Our superin- 
tendent, D. M. Bowen, gave the opening address, and the rest of 
the afternoon was occupied in exercises, which lasted until five 
p. m.; they consisted of recitations, dialogues, etc., which had 
been carefully selected. When the children had sung "Our own 
Sundav School," President Ensign T.'Stoeking, and Counselors 
Charles Crump and James Crane, each addressed the scholars in 
words of encouragement, and expressed themselves as being 
happily surprised at the creditable manner in which they had 
acquitted themselves. Rewards were then distributed to the 
children. Atter singing the "Temple Song," the scholars formed 
a procession and marched around the city. They afterwards 
returned to the house, and a benediction was pronounced. In 
the evening we again met for a social dance in our school house, 
and all enjoyed ourselves, as we had through the day. excellently. 
Nothins occurred to mar the good spirit and the enjoyment of 
the occasion. Yours truly, 

John M. Bowen. 



El InT I G- HVE J± 



BV J. II. IRVINE. 



I am composed of nine loiter-: 
Tly 1, 8, 5, 4. 5 is a n ime we should hold in reverence; 
My 9, 0, 7, 8 is often used in distinguishing the sexes; 



My 6. 



sa liquor; 



My 0, 3, 9 is a member of the holy; 
My 5, 0, 9. 4. 2, 7 is the nam.' of an ancient prophet; 
My 1, 6, 9. ". 5 is the name of a mile person; 
My 5, 6, 7, 2, 5 i; sum -thing made in all .stores: 
My 5, 0, 7, 2, 9 is the name of one ot our southern settle- 
ments. 

My whole is the name of an ancient city. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 9 is "Drone." 
We have received correct solutions from E. Brooks and E. S. 
Elsmore, Salt Lake City. 

CTU-VZEZTSTirjIE Il^STIR.TJ-aT'OIR, 

I? Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE O. CANN >N, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

^©•Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




