
" BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING p^^^^^^^^^fesS,/ "^^ > ' 
GET UNDERSTANDING." ^ 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCK 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



-i^^ii^^ig^ 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 15. 18G7. 



NO. 18. 



L I IT- :b 
S T E 



O IP a- E O E. C3- E! 
P HI E nST S O IT - 



Takeyi from a little toork — The HocKET—pablishccl by the 
American Tract Society. 



WHAT useful little fellow is this, carrying his father's dinner 
to him at the cnal-pit? He takes care, also, of his little 
brothers and sisters, keeping them clear of the coal-wagons, 
which run to and fro before the cottage door. Then he is seen 
tending a neighbor's cows. Now, he is moulding mud engines, 
sticking in hemlock sticks for blow-pipes; besides cutting many 
a good caper, and uttering all sorts of drolleries for the benefit 
of other little boys, who like himself swarm round, too poor to 
go to school, if school there were — but schools there were none. 

The boys call him "Goordie Stove. ' 

A lad is wanted to shut the coal-yard gates after work is over. 
Geordie offers his services and gets the post, earning by it two 
pence a day. That is four cents of our money. A neighbor 
hires him to hoe turnips at four pence. He is thankful to earn 
a bit, for his parents are poor, and every little helps. He sees 
work ahead, however, more to his taste. What? He longs to 
be big enough to go and work at the coal-pits with his father. 
For the home of this little fellow, as you already perceive, is in 
the coal district of Newcastle, in the north-eastern part of 
England. You had better find it on the map. 

I suppose you never visited a colliery. Coal is found in beds 
and veins under ground. Deep holes are made, down which 
the miners go, and dig it out; it is hoisted out by means of 
steam engines. Tliese holes are called shafts. The pit-men 
have two enemies to encounter down in the coal-pits — water, 
and a kind of gas which explodes on touching the flame of a 
candle. The water has to be pumped out; and miners are now 
provided with a lamp, called a safety lamp, which is covered 
with a fine wire gauze to keep the gas away from the flame. 

The coal is brought up from the pit in baskets, loaded on 
wagons, running them on tram-roads, and sent to the sheds. 
Tram-roails were a sort of wooden railway. A colliery is a busy 
and odd-looking spot. 

Geordle's family lived in one room — father, mother, four 
boys, and two girls; snug quarters one would think, but the 
working men of England at tiiat time had smaller wages anj 
poorer homos than they now do; for Geordie was horn in 1781, 
in the little village of Wylam, .seven miles from Newcastle, and 
his full name is George Stephen.son. 

James, an older brother, is "picker;" and by and by George 
is old enough to be i)iekcr too, going with his fitiier and brother 
to their daily tasks like a man. To clear tlie coal of stones and 
dro.ss is tliirir business. There are a nuniher of pits around, 
and each one has a name, "Dolly pit," Water-run pit," and 
.so on. 



I do not know how long he was picker, but we next find him 
driving a gin-horse, at a pit two miles off", across the fields. 
Away he goes in the early morning, gladd 'ned all along by 
many bird songs. George and the birds are fast friends. He 
knows where their nests are in the hedge rows, and watches 
over them with fatherly afi'ection. At home he has tame birds, 
whose pretty, knowing ways are the wonder of the neighbor- 
hood. For many years, a tame blackbird was as much one of 
the family as George him,self, coming and going at pleasure, 
and roosting at night over his head. Sometimes it spent the 
.summer in the woods, but was sure to come back with cold 
weatter to share his care and crumbs through the winter. 

George too had a famous breed of rabbits; and as for his dog, 
it was one of the r..ost accomplished and faithful creatures in 
the district. In fact, the boy had an insight into dumb-brute 
nature, as we shall find he had into other things, that gave him 
power over it — a power which he never abused, but used kindly 
and well. 

George next arose to be assistant fireman with his father, 
at a shilling a day. He was fourteen, and so sm.ill of his age 
that he used to hide when the inspector came around, le-t he 
should bo thought too small for his wages. If small in body, 
he was large in heart, intent in all things to do his best. And 
this made his work so well done that it could not escape the 
notice of his employers. When he went to the oflice, Saturday 
night, to receive his wages, double pay was given him, tweUc 
instead of six shillings. George could scarcely believe in his 
good luck. When he found it was really no mistake, he took 
the money and rushed out of the office exclaiming, "I am now 
a made man for life!" 

George rapidly shot ahead of his father, a kind old man who 
always stayed fireman, while his boy climbed one round after 
another up the ladder of promotion. At seventeen, we find 
him plugman. What duty is that? A plugman has charge of 
a pumping-engine, and when the water in the pit is below the 
suction holes, goes down the shaft and plugs the tube in order 
to make the pump more easily draw. The post required more 
skill and knowledge of machinery than any he had filled before, 
and he |m)ved hims(df equal to it. 

Indeed, he loved his engine as he loved his birds. It is a 
pet with him. lie keejis it in prime order. He takes it to 
pieces and cleans it and studies it. I'ries itito the whys and 
wlicrefores, and is never satisfied until he under.vtands every 
spring and cog of the machinery, and gets tlie mastery of it. 
Vou never fiml him idling away his time. In leisure moments, 
lie i.s at his old kink, molding clay engines, and putting new 
thoughts into them. 

lie wished he knew the history of engines, and how they 
were thought out at first. Sonu'hody told him .aliout Watt, the 
falher of steampowcr, and that there were books whieli would 



'^ 





CrTJ"^E;3^ILE! lilTSTI^TJCTOI^. 




9^^ 



satisf}- his curiosit.v. Books! W'liat good would booke do poor 
George? He cannot read. Not read? No. He is eigliteen, 
and hardly knows his letters. Few of the colliers could. They 
were generally an ignorant, hard working, clannish set of men 
whose pay-day was a holiday, when their hard-won earnings 
were scjuandered at cock-fights and ale-houses. 

If one was found who did read, what a centre of light was 
he. At night the men and bo.vs gathered around him, when by 
the light of his engine-fire he would give them the news from 
an old newspaper, or a scrap of knowledge from some stray 
magazine, or a wild story from an odd volume; and on these 
occasions no one listened with more profound attention than 
George. 

Oh, it was so wonderful to read, ho thought. It was to open 
the gates into great fields of knowledge. Kead he must. The 
desire grew ujion him stronger. In the neighboring hamlet or' 
^Yelbottle, old Robin C'owens taught an evening school. 

"I'll go,'' ciied George. 

"And I too," echoed Tomni}- Musgrove, a fellow-workman, 
quite carried away by George's enthusiasm. 

Now they went to Robin's school three evenings a week. I 
do not know how it was with Tommy, but old Robin never had 
a better scholar than George; indeed, he soon out-learned his 
master. His schooling cost him si.^ cents a week, and poor as 
it was. put into his hand the two keys of knowledge, reading 
and writing. 

These mastered, he longs to use them. Andrew Robertson 
opens an evening school nearer than Welbottle, and Andrew 
proposes to teach arithmetic, a branch George is anxious to 
grapple with nest. '"And he took to figurin' wonderful." said 
Mr. Andrew, speaking of his new scholar, who soon left his 
clas.s-mates far behind. And no wonder. Every spare moment 
to George was more precious than gold-dust, and was used 
accordingly. When not on duty, he sits by his engine and 
works out his sums. No beer-shop ever enticed him to its cups. 
No cock-fight ever tempted him to be its spectator He hates 
every thing low and vuk-ar. 

Andrew was proud of his pupil, and when George removed 
to another pit, the old school-master shifted his quarters and 
followed hira. His books did not damage his interest in busi- 
ness. Was the plugman going to stay plugman? No. Bill 
Coe, a friend of his advanced to a brakeman, offered to show 
George. The other workmen objected. And one in particular 
stopped the working of the engine when George took hold of 
it. '"for." he cried angrily, ''Stephen.-on can't brake, and is too 
clumsy ever to learn.' A brakeman has charge of an engine 
for raising coal from a pit. The speed of the ascending coal, 
brought up in large hazel-wood baskets, was regulated by a 
powerful wooden brake, acting on the rim of the fly-wheel, 
which must bo stopped just when the baskets reach the settle- 
board where they are to be emptied. Brakemen were generally 
chosen from experienced engine-men of stcadj- habits; and in 
spite of the grumbling of old colliers, envious perhaps of his 
ri.se. it was not long before George learned, and was appointed 
brakeman at the Dolly pit. This was in 1*01. 
J'o be Continued. 



M.\NT peojile go through the world, hearing nothing and 
seeing nothinsr. For all valuable purjicises. their cars are as 
deaf as an ear of corn, and tlieir eyes as blind as the eye of a 
potatoe. 

As emperor once said, "I have often felt sad in thinking 
of my severity and harshness, but never in remembering when 
I was gentle and forgiving. " Kindness rarely has anything to 
regret. 



^uigittal ftst%t%. 



For the Juvenile Jjistriietor, 

G- o o ID c 131 1 31, ID I?. E nsr 

BLEST. 



BY JOEL H. JOHNSON. 



How blest the children, Lord, 
Who sock tlie way that's right, 

And make the precepts of Tliy word 
Their studj' and delight! 

Whose treasures are laid up 
In heaven, wliere no decay, 

Kor moth nor rust shall e'er i-ojrupt, 
Nor thieves e'er take away. 

Thej- shall be blest indeed 

In all they have to do; 
With heavenly light around theui shed 

To guide the footsteps true. 

Their works of love and faith, 

Remembered by the liOrd, 
Are written in the Book of Life, 

To meet a sure reward. 



S 1= I ID E I^ . 
Don't you wish yourself on 



THE Ti. J^FI? 

" A DRIFT, old fellow? Aha! 

A shore?" 

'"What is it, Harvey?" asked Sister JIary. 

"A spider going out to sea on a bunch of leaves. I guess he 
won't find many fies. I hope he'll got drowned, the great 
ugly thing!" 

"Oh," replied Sister Mary, as she looked at the picture in 
her brother's hand, "that is the Raft Spider." 

"What? You don't mean to say that he's a sailor, and out 
to sea in his own ship?" 

"Yes, that is just what I do mean to say. It's his own ship, 
for he built it all himself and launched it upon the water. Not 
a very handsome model, nor a very swift sailor, but the best he 
could do and it answers all his purposes." 

"But what does he want to be sailing about on the water foi? 
There are no flics out there to come into his web." 

"He doesn't belong to the family of spiders that make webs 
and stay at home in their dens. He's a long-legged fellow, as 
you may see, and can run fast. And what is more, can run on 
the surface of the water almost as well as on the land." 

"Oho! That's it. And this raft is his den; where he sits and 
eats whatever he catches?" 

"You've sa d it exactly. Shall I tell you about him?" 

"Oh yes, do, sister." 

"Very well," said Sister ^lary. "The Raft Spider lives in 
marshy places, and is found in large numbers in the fens of 
Cambridgeshire, England, where his singular habits have long 
been known. He is a nimble fellow, and cha.scs and catches 
insects for food. Some of the.se try to escape him by jurajiing 
or flying off upon the water, but he follows them there also, 
and runs upon the .surface of the water almost as well as upon 
the land. 

"He has a very large body, as well as long legs; is, in fact, 
one of the largest Briti.^h spiders; and a liandsome fellow at 
that, for a spider. He is brown in color, with a bordered band 
of orange, and has pink legs. It takes a great deal to feed 



H 



^^- 




J" TJ ^ E IN" I L E Il^STI?.TJOTOie. 




such a huge greedy insect, and he would often get on a short 
allowance if he could forage only upon the land. So he gathers 
some dry leaves, grass, small twigs, moss and the like, and ties 
them all together with silken threads. This raft he launches 
upon the water, and taking his place upon it, lets the wind blow 
him off from the shore." 

"But what good does that do him, sister? There are more 
flies and insects on the land than on the water," said Harvey. 

"He knows all about that. Animals don't often blunder and 
make wrong calculations, like human beings. The waters in 
the marshy region where our spider lives are full of insects that 
come to the top every little while to breathe the air. From his 
place on the raft, spider keeps his eyes all around him, and the 
moment he sees one of the.se insects come up he darts after and 
seizes him. Then there are insects, such as the gnat or mos- 
quito, that get their wings on the surface of the water, and can 
be taken by the spider before they are strong enough to fly. 
Other insects move about in the water in search of prey, and 
got caught by the spider if they hapjjen too near his raft. 
Then moths, flies, beetles and the like are continually falling 
into the water, and get pounced upon by the spider, while 
vainly trying to get up into the air once more, and are carried 
to his raft and eaten at leisure." 

"What a greedy fellow! said Harvey. 

"Spiders are a hungry set, and have been known to eat more 
than their weight for dinner, and be ready for as hearty a meal 
at supper-tirae," replied Sister JIary. As for our Raft Spider, 
he isn't satisfied with the prey that gets near him; he will run 
ofl' over the water to a considerable distance for insects which 
he happens to see floating, and bring them to his raft. And 
sometimes he will crawl down the stems of plants that grow in 
the water, to a depth of several inches, after food. He can 
live beneath the surface for some time, and this helps him to 
escape from some of his enemies. On seeing them appi-oach 
he slips under his raft and lies there securely until the danger 
has pa.sscd awaj'." 

"Well, I'd just like to know what animals can't do," said 
Harvey. 

"One generation of them cannot grow any wiser and more 
skillful than another," replied Sister Mar.v. "The Raft Spider 
of next j'car will not be able to build his ship any more skill- 
fully than the Raft Spider of to-daj'. It will never be anj-- 
thing more than a bunch of dry leaves tied together with .silken 
threads. And so of all the rest. Much as we may wonder at 
the skill which some of them show, that skill never increases 
from generation to generation. While with men the generations 
grow wiser and more skillful as one comes afleranother. There 
was a time when man's best ship was a log rudely hollowed out, 
with the help of fire, by a stone liatchet. A paddle moved it 
tlirough the water. Now he .sails the ocean in floating palaces 
driven by steam. Each animal, as soon as it is grown up, 
knows without having learned all that its parents knew, except 
in the ca.se of tho.se that live with man and learn u few things 
from liim. But human beings, while they are horn so ignorant 
tliat each child lias to be taught oven the most trifling things, 
have in them the ability to grow wiser and more skillful than 
any of the generations that liave gone before. 

"And what is Kest of all," added Sister Mary, "while ani- 
mals in dying have not the promises we have, death to us is 
only the pas.sage from a lower to a higher world — from earth to 
heaven — from mortal to angelic life." 

"If we are good," said Harvey. 

"I meant that, of course," rciilied Sister Mary, as .she kissed 
the upturned lips of her little brother. "And wlio is there 
that will nut try to be good';" Is it not worth a little trying to 
put away bad tlioughls and feelitigs, and to refrain from li.-id 
actions iti order to become fitted for heaven? How much pains 
we sometimes take to be happy for an hour or two. Shall we 
not take much uiorc to be happy forevui. — Tkc Children's Hour. 



I^or the Juvenile Instrxictur. 

Xj I T T Xj E "WIIjXjIE. 



LITTLE WILLIE lived in a largo town in Yorkshire. 
England. jMy story commences when he was about seven 
years old. 

'\Villie's fiither was poor and worked very hard. About this 
time Willie began to help his father work. He had learned to 
read tolerably well (for he had loved his book) but now he 
became more careless, and all the leisure time that Willie had, 
he wished to spend in play. He continued in this way till 
he was about nine years old, and he had lost so much of his 
reading, during this time, that he now could barely name the 
letters of the alphabet. 

One day a very strange feeling came over him and he thought 
of many men whom he knew could not read, and he knew that 
people called them ignorant — that they had not much influ- 
ence — did not know any thing but hard labor. That if any 
place of ease, and profit should ofi"er itself, that they would not 
be able to fill it. Then on the other liand, he thought of many 
who were filling easy jjositions, drawing high wages, enjoying a 
good influence and respected by all who knew them. Among 

the rest he thought of his Uncle C , head book-keeper of 

a large firm, with an income of nearly four hundred pounds 
sterling per year. While those hard working, uneducated men 
only had about twenty or from that to thirty pounds sterling 
per year — dragging out a miserable existence — unable to sustain 
a comfortable home. 

Those thoughts led little Willie to make a resolution. And 
what do you think it was? I will tell you. He resolved that 
he would do his best to become a learned and useful man. 
That fiom that moment all his leisure time should be spent 
in gaining knowledge. 

Willie went right away to his father and told him his 
thoughts, and said, "father, if you please will you give me 
money to buy a book with? and I will go to Mr. Lund's book 
store and buy a Reading Made Easy, (for that is the name of 
the book,) and this very night I will commence to learn." 

"Yes, my son," said Willie's father, "I will give you money 
to buy a book with. I very much approve of the jilau that you 
have chosen to adopt, and I will do all that 1 can to help 3-ou 
carry it out. 

Willie got the money, went to Mr. Lund's store, purchased 
the book; returned home and commenced his task. 

W. W. B. 

To be Conliiiucd. 



A Utile spring Iiad lost its way 

Amid the grass and fern; 
A passing .stranger scociped a well, 

Svherc weary men might turn; 
Ho walled it in and hung with earo, 

A ladle at the brink — 
He thought not ol' the deed he did 

But judged (hat toil might drink. 
II(" passed again, and hi! the well, 

Ily .suuiiners never dried, 
Hud cooled ten thousand parching tongues. 

And saved a life beside. 



When little crosses and privations happen to you — for they 
hajipen to every one, and they are always little if the heart is 
great tliat receives tlnMU — will you grund)le, and pout, and lie 
.sad? or will you look tip ebeerfully, reniend)ering that the world 
is full of hope and sunshine, and that you will get your share if 
you will only take it? 



■^^ 



c* 



I 




n^s 



SEPT E M BE ir"i"7," 1 8 6 7 




fi 



i!f't-.^^'^ cJO^^ FEW Jays ago, in reading, we met with 

M'S^'^i^u. S^^i ^ the following excellent remarks: "This 

ooking for enjoyment don't pay. For 

what I know of it, I would as soon chase 

S'W( f/f^^^\j^^ ^"''*^''fl'^^ for a living, or bottle moon- 
c.^iij^'^^^i^^^^ shine for a cloudy night. Tlie onhi tea;/ 
to be happy is to take the drops of happi- 
ness as God gives them to us every day of 
our lives." 

These ideas are too good to be lost. 
They should be remembered by old and young. 
TheFe are a great many people in this world who 
are miserable because they do not know the 
secret which is told in the few lines above. It is 
(^\ a great secret to know how to be happy. But 
j-et it is one which our Juveniles can easily under- 
CX stand and practice. There are very many people, 
_J^ who, in their desire to obtain enjoyment in the future, 
"0;g« entirely overlook the present. There are precious 
* pearls scattered all around their feet; but they do not 

stoop to pick them up or notice them. They are dazzled by 
the glitter of something which they imagine they see in the 
distance. They hope to possess it; but it proves to bedifl'ercnt 
to what they expected, and they are di.-^appointed. 

There is a story told of a certain king who was very ambi- 
tious, which we will relate to our juveniles. His name was 
I'yrrhus, and he was king of p]pirus. He had a friend, one of 
his subjects, named Cineas. This Cineas was a wise man. lie 
saw that Pyrrhus was ambitious and full of schetues, and he 
thought he would reason with him about his plans. Pyrrhus 
was then preparing to go to Italy to fight the Romans. Cineas 
asked liim how they should use the victory, if they should 
overcome the Romans. 

"Oh," replied Pyrrhus, "Tlie Romans once conquered, there 
is no city that will resist us, and we shall soon be masters of 
Italy." 

■"And," says Cineas. after a little pause, "having subdued 
Italy, what shall we do next?' 

"Sicily," replied Pyrrhus, "next holds out her arms to 
receive us, a wealthy and populous island, and easy to lie 
gained." 

"Buc." said Cineas, "will the pos-session of Sicily put an end 
to the war?" 

"We will use these," answered Pyrrhiis. "as forerunners of 
greater things; who could forbear from Jjibya and (,'arthaL'e 
then within reach? and then will any one dare to make further 
resistance?" 

"None," rejilied Cineas, "for then we may regain Macedon 
and coiii|ner all Greece; and wlien all these arc in our power, 
what .slrill we do then?" 

.^aid I'yrrhus, "we will live at our ease, my dear friend, and 
drink all day, and divert ourselves with pleasant conversation." 
Tlii.s was the point to which Cineas wislicd to lead the king, 
so he asked him: "what hinders us now, sir, from being merr>' 
and entertaining one another, since we have at hand, without 
trouble, everything necessarj'? or why go through much blood 
and labor, and run ri.^ks ourselves and do mischief to others, to 
obtain what we already po.ssess?" 




Cineas was wise enough to see that the king neglected the 
means of happiness he then had, with the vain hope of having 
enjoyment at a future day. 

Children, it is an excellent lessOn for you to learn early in 
life not to wait for happiness: Be happy as you go along. 
There are a thou,sand things that you possess, and that are 
around you, which you should enjoy and be thankful for every 
da.v. You may think that you do not have all you want; but 
who does? The rich do not. The wealth of the world will not 
satibfy all the wants of man. With it all, he sees something 
that he would like to get, that riches will not bring. And if he 
obtained it, there would still be something more ihat he would 
desire. 

Poverty need not prevent you from enjoying happiness; for 
you can see that you might be poorer. If you have poor health, 
you can readily perceive that you might have worse. If you 
are a cripple, you can probably think of a worse condition than 
your own. If your parents are dead, you ijrobably have other 
kind friends, and you can think of something that j-ou still 
have of which you could be stripped. No matter how bad 
your circuuistauces; you might be worse. Think of this, and 
you cannot be entirely unhappy. Children, God gives you 
drops of hajipiness every day of your lives; take them and 
enjoy them, and you will please Him. 

TO AGENTS AND SUBSCRIBERS.-The back numbers 

of the present volume of the Juvenile Instructor are all 
disjiosed of, except the file numbers kept in the office, and 
which we cannot break into. Consequently, we are unable to 
fill further orders for it. Though we commenced the second 
half^of the volume with an increased issue, the extra number 
was soon ordered, and each impression now only supplies our 
subscribers. 



fi®f"OuR patrons will we hope accept our assurance that this 
number of the Instructor being i.ssued without an illustration 
is not a matter of choice but of necessity. We have illustra- 
tions on the way, which we hoped to have had by this time, but 
which have not yet been received. And we deemed it better to 
print the Instructor without them, than to postpone the issue 
for an uncertain period. 



B^^We occasionall}' receive communications — .some of tliem 
very good — from various persons who do not sign their own 
names. We do not object to publishing articles under anony- 
niouv names; but we require the writers to entrust us with their 
real names. 



BIBLE Q^TJESTIOZSrS 

FOR OUR juveniles TO ANSWER. 



1. What prophet did God take to heaven in a cliariot of fire? 

2. What prophet caused iron to swim, so tli.it a man might 
recover liis lost ax? 

3. What were the names of tlio man and woman who were 
struck dead for lying to an apostle? 

4. Where was the apostle .laines (the brother of John) killed? 

5. How and l)y whose order w.is he slain? 

0. To what place was Paul going when the IjOrd Jesus appear- 
eil to him? 

7. Who WMS chosen to be an apostle to till up the quorum on 
Judas' apnstacy? 

8. Where did Jesus perform his first miracle? 



A WISE son maketh a glad father; but a foolish man despiseth 
his mother. 



!i^^- 







a"TJ^EIsriLEl HsrSTK.TJGTOI^ 






3L.ZTTILE (3-:BOI?.a-E J^C3-J^X1<T. 



Great Salt Lake City, August ISth, 1867. 

ChildrenofUtah: — 

Uiicle George is very glad to be able again to talk with you 
through the pages of tlie Juvenile Instructor. 

He has just returned from a long journey, liaving traveled 
nearly fourteen thousand miles. He cannot tell you how glad 
he felt when lie reached his home again in Great Halt Lake fit}', 
neither can lie tell you how glad his dear little children were to 
see him on his return. 

He intends now to continue the story of "Little George," 
and he desires to be able to interest, please and teach you good 
things in following our little hero through another portion of 
his somewhat eventful life. 

When you kneel down to pray ask the Lord to help Uncle 
George to write in such a way as to be of great worth to } ou. 
The Lord sutlers little children to come unto Him, and when 
they pray for such things as shall be good for them to have, He 
hears their prayers, and grants unto them the things they ask 
him for. 

I remain, respectfully, 

Uncle George. 






J^or the Juvenile Instru.ctor. 

little george in his new uome. 

a true stort, 

[second part.] 

IN our last paper our readers will remember that little George 
had bade good bj'e to his poor-house home, playmates and 
friends to go he knew not where with a strange gentleman. 

He left them with tears. 

When the ugly-looking door with the grating in it was shut 
between him and them; and he had reached the bottom of the 
steps leading to the outside of the big wall, he wanted to take 
a last look at the grey old door, which hid from him his dear 
friends who had loved him so much, who had comforted him 
when he was in sorrow, and who had given him good things to 
eat when he was hungry. For although he had met with much 
unfeeling usage in liis short life, he had not become hardened 
so as not to feel how good it is to be loved by somebody, how 
good it is to have some one say a comlbrting and encouraging 
word, to have some one to tell him that he had done well when 
he had done well, and when he had failed to do well to have 
some one encourage him to try and do better. 

lie turned to take a last look, and saw the kind, good naturcd 
face of the door keeper looking in pity ujion him from iieliind 
the iron grating. 'J'his was almost too much for little George; 
he felt that he could not leave his friends, anil upon one of the 
steps he sat down to give way to a (it ot weeping. 

'J'lic strange gentleman sullered him to cry for a short time, 
and then in a kindly tooe wished him to go along with iiini to 
his home. 

He made another effort to leave, and, with streaming eyes, 
he again met the kindly gaze of the door keeper, and there 
were tears in his eyes too. As little; George was turning away, 
the door keeper called aloud from behind the grating, and .-aid. 

"Good bye, little (icorge; be a good boy, and God will bless 



K you wherever you go! 
Y^ Ho now ran along l)y the side o 
N» ^ ing as he went, and' drying hib tea 



f the strange gentleman, ciy- 
tearH on hiu juukut biccvu. 



Some children would have been glad to get away from the 
dark looking walls and the ugly door with the grating in it. 
Little George did not like those walls nor that gate, any more 
than he liked any other walls or gates; but he liked the gate 
keeper that stood behind the gate, and he liked his friends who 
were surrounded by those dark walls, and he could not help 
liking the gate and the walls too. 

It was on Saturday that he left his poor-house home, and on 
Saturdays, in the big city, country people came to market, 
bringing with them flowers and fruit, and everything that is good 
to eat and pretty to look upon. 

Little George and the strange gentleman reached the big city. 
The shop windows were dazzling with everything that is nice, 
and the stands in the market place were covered with gaj' 
flowers; how beautiful everything appeared to the eyes of 
the little poor-house boy. His grief and sorrow were changed 
to joy and hajipiness, and he wanted to stay among the nice 
shop windows and the flower stands, where all was life and 
ga3'ety and beauty; but he did not wish to make the strange 
gentleman wait for him. 

They had passed out of the market place into a fine street 
full of very large stores with immense windows. This great 
street was crowded with people passing to and fro. All at once 
something bright, and it was moving, caught little George's 
attention in a big window. Without thinking, he stopped to 
see what it was, when, to his astonishment, he saw a lit'le tiny 
steam engine grinding coffee. Wkat made him wonder the 
most wa<, that nobody turned it — it went itself This astonished 
and pleased him so much that he entirely forgot the sti'ange 
gentleman. 

He did not know how long he had stood there forgetting the 
strange gentleman and watching the little tiny engine work; 
but after a while somebody jilaced a hand on his shoulder; it 
was the strange gentleman who had lost him, and had been 
seeking him for some time. lie said to him: 

"My little boy, if you do not wish to go with me to my home, 
I will take you back again to your poor-hou.se home. I would 
like you to go with me very much, if you can make up your 
mind to do so; but I would not like you to run away from me 
in the streets of this big city." 

This was spoken in a kind tone of voice. The gentle 
reproach reached the heart of the forgetful boy, and he felt 
sorry that he should in a moment of forgctl'nincss have given 
any trouble or pain to the gentleman who appeared desirous of 
being kind to him. 

Little George had nothing to say, but he felt that he would 
rather go with him than go back to his poor-house home. 

He now clung closer to the strange gentleman, and would not 
look at the sliop windows for fear he might see something to 
make him forget himself again. 

They had not traveled far wiicn they entered a large boot and 
.shoe store, and walked ui) to a well-dressed lady who seemed to 
he waiting in the shop for the strange gentleman. This lady 
was little George's Inture mistress. She receued him with 
great kindness, and he Icll that he could love iicr. 

That same evening the little poor-house lioy fonml Iiiniscif in 
his new home surrounded with strangers among whom he had 
to make hinisi'lf new friends. 

Uncle Geokoe. 



Mkn are born with two eyes, but with one tongue ijiat they 
may see twice as much as they say. 

Insult not anothi-r for his want of the talent you possess; 
he; may iiavo taleul.s which you want. ^/ •« 



yt^9 



CJ 






Cr XJ AT IB l>r I L E in^STI?.TJCTOl^ 




i 






B TJ IB B Xj E S 



Beautiful in rainlio^v splendor, 
How tlie bubljles gi-ow and rise, 

Sailing in the quiet sunbeams 
Toward the skies. 

Airy notliiuirs! Buoyant, brilliant. 
Earth and heaven are mirrored there. 

Airy nothings; rising upward 
Like a heartless jirayer. 

Something more than breath, dear cliildi-ou. 

Must give life to every deed, 
Or in vain the prayer for favor 

In our time of need. 

Blow your bubbles, happy children! 

But this sober lesson take. 
All life's work must Ije more stable, 

Or 'twill fail aud Ijreak. 



UttcU '(Riis^narirs Whit 



w 






II iimiiiiiiBi 



I''iif the Juvenile Insiructor. 

^ I S I T 22:1 . 



THE LOUD WILL PROVIDE. 

[CONTIXt'KP.] 

THEY walked down a broad path and came to a flight of 
steps leading to a broad terrace ornamented with large 
fancy stone vases, out of which grew geraniums and other 
pretty flowers. Tlie terrace was built of stone over largo cages 
with stout iron bars in i'rout and iron gates securely fastened to 
prevent the wild animals, that dwelt therein, from escaping. 
They turned from the terrace ^iid went to visit the animals. 
The first cage contained a line lion and lioness. 

"This noble animal,'' said Elder R., is called the 'Icing of the 
forfsl;' he comes from Africa." 

This he learned from a description written in front of the 
cage on which were the names of the animals in English and 
Latin and the country they came from. This excellent method 
of information was also used in the gardens that the visitor 
might learn the names, and the cotmtries they came from, of the 
various plants and shrubs in the gardens. The names were 
written on wooden labels and placed in the ground in front of 
the plants. 

"What a beautiful, noble animal," said Jlar}'. "He is 
indeed," replied Jilder K., "the first lions brought to P^ngland 
were jiresents to royalty and were kept in the Tower of London. 
In the days of King Hemy the Eighth there was c|uite a collec- 
tion of wild animals kept there. Although the lion looks so 
tierce and strong, he can be tamed and rendered very docile. 
Mr. Van Amburgh, the brute tamer as he was called, used to 
enter a den of wild beasts that lie had tamed, and would 
perform many tricks with them for the amu.senient of the 
public. Other men have also tamed these animals, and amoncst 
other performances would open the lion's mouth and put their 
heads in. 



"1 should not like to see that," said Mary "for I should be 
afraid the lion would bite the man's head ofl'." 

"Such performances are veiy foolish," said Elder R. "and 
both men and even a woman have lost their lives in such under- 
takings. Mr. Wombell the owner of a very fine collection of 
animals, that he used to show around the country, carrjang 
them by means of large strong vans, had a very fine lion called 
Nero, that was of a very mild disposition and allowed his keeper 
to play with and fondle him as if he was a large dog." 

In the next cage were two fine tigers from Asia. 

"These animals," said Elder R. "are found chiefly in Asia 
and Africa; but they are natives of South America also; they are 
very fierce and cruel. When the East India Company was 
formed by the English in India, tigers were very numerous, and 
they used to ofler a reward of ten rupees (about five dollars in 
our money) for every tiger that was killed within their domin- 
ions." 

"W'hy were there so many there?" asked Ellen. 

"Did not the people who lived there before the English went 
there kill them'?" asked JIarj-. "Not very often," replied Elder 
R., "the Hindoos who lived in that country, reverenced them; 
they believe that when a man dies, his spirit takes another form 
upon the earth and comes as a lion, tiger or any other animal; 
this is called the doctrine of transmigration of souls, which 
means the soul (or spirit) passing from one state to another. 
An instance is related, by a lady who lived in India, of a num- 
ber of coolies that upon a certain occasion were passing through 
a fore.st with some luggage belonging to an officer. They came 
upon a tiger crouching in the path. They stopped and addressed 
tlie tiger telling him they were poor people carrying a rich 
man's luggage who would be very angiy if they did not ariive 
in time, aud implored his permission to let them go in peace. 
The tiger, being startled at seeing so many men, stared at them 
aiid walked oft' into the wood, no doubt being frightened, for it 
is very seldom that any animal will ever attack a man unless he 
is ravenously hungry, but will always try to avoid him. The 
natives continued their journey, believing that their ijrajers 
Lad prevailed with the tiger. 

■'Why the tiger could not understand them," said Mary. 

"No," answered Elder R., "but they believed he could, for 
their priests had taught them so, and it was their tradition 
which had been handed down from their fathers, and they 
have such faith in those traditions that it is very seldom they 
become christians. 

They passed on to the leopards and other animals not so large 
as the tiger, but of the same species, called feline or cat tribe. 
The tiger's skin was soft and smooth, of a tawnj'-brown color, 
marked all over in spotty stripes, but the leopard was marked 
with irregulai'ly-shai^ed spots of a blackish hue. 

"These,' remarked Elder R., "come from Africa, but they 
are also found in Asia and America, where they are called 
panthers or tree tigers, nmch like the specimen we have now 
liere. The skins of the.se animals are muc h prized; they are 
tanned and dressed. Many were exhibited, in great variety, 
at the Great Exhibition of London in 1S.51. In Russia, a 
very cold country at the north east of Europe, the skin of 
tlic leopard is sometimes tanned and made into gloves and 
shoes." 

In the next cage was a fine white Polar hear from Bernard 
Island, near the North Cape. In this cage was a large tank of 
water in which Mr. Bear enjoyed his swimming bath. 'When 
he was not in the water the visitors would throw pieces of cake 
to entice him into the water to sec him swim. "These bears," 
said Elder II. "are found in Kamtschatka, at the north of 
Europe, where the Esquimaux or inhabitants of that country 
live. A funny story is told of one of these bears who, a few 
years ago ,when the fish had become very scarce and these 



cru'^rEnsriLE] i3^sti?.tjotoi?. 




animals who live on fish were almost starred, emboldened by 
famine and the pangs of hunger, went into one of the villages, 
and entering the 3ard of a house where the woman who lived 
there had just put a kettle of boiling water; the bear smelt it 
and the steam burned his nose. Enraged at the pain, he 
vented his anger on the kettle, and folded his anus around it to 
crush it, scalding himself badlj*. The horrible noise poor bruin 
D'ade, growling with pain and rage, attracted the neighbors to 
the spot, who speedily put him out of his misery by killing 
him; and unto this day, when any body there hurts himself by 
his own violence, the people call him ''the bear and the kettle," 
The girls laughed heartily at this story, and iMary remarked 
"The bear did not understand hot water." 

They went up the steps along the terrace, enjoying the flowers 
and the view of the gardens, and here at one end was a brown 
bear pit, built up with rock. A large pole was placed in the 
middle of the pit, in which were several brown hears from 
Norway. The girls bought some buns, and putting one on a 
stick used for that purpose, held it out to the pole in the 
middle of the pit. Mr. Bear was quite at home at this businessj 
and soon one of them climbed up the pole and took the bun 
from the end of the stick. The girls were much amused at 
Mr. Bruin's climbing abilities. 

"This kind of bear," said Elder R., "used to be shown round 
London in olden times, and taught to dance to the music of a 
pipe and tabor, his keeper having him secured by a .strong 
chain and collar round his neck; but it was by a very cruel 
process that he was taught to dance, and it was prohibited 
when the people became more educated. 

But I have made quite a long 'visit,' and must continue 
their visit to the gardens at my next 'visit;' and, if Elder 11. 
is not too full of anecdotes, tell you how Blary and Elien rode 
on the elephant. ''Au revoir," which is being interpreted, 
"until we meet again." 

To be Continued. 



w 



t^PHU 






THCE 



OR a number of days the examination of 
witnes.ses against Joseph and the re.^t of 
the prisoners proceeded. The witnesses 
were sworn at the point of the bayonet. 
There was only one kind of evidence admit- 
ted; that, of course, was such as suited the 
mob. The apostates and the other wit- 
nesses knew this, and they testified accord 
ingly. Austin A. King, the judge, was 
a Methodist and lie made many inquiries re- 
specting the belief of the brethren in the pro- 
phecies of Daniel: "In the days of these kings 
shall the God of heaven sot up a kingdom 
which shall break in pieces all other kingdoms, 
and stand forever," etc.; "and the kingdom and (he 
greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, 
."hall bo given to the Saints of the Most High,'' etc. 
Upon being told that the Saints believed in these 
prophecies. King told the clerk to put it down as a 
point of treason! At this, one of the lawyer.'* remon- 
strated; said he, "Judge, you liad better make the Bible 




stronj 



treason!" The organization of the church was changed, by 
the testimony of apostates, into a temporal kingdom, which was 
to subdue all other kingdoms and fill the whole earth. 

After the examination of about forty-one witnes.se.^ on behalf 
of the State, Joseph and the other brethren were called upon 
for their witnesses. They gave the names of between forty and 
fifty persons. The notorious Captain Bogart was sent with a 
company of militia to procure them. He arrested all he could 
find, and put them into prison, and Joseph and the rest were 
not allowed to see them. They were again called upon for 
witnesses. Thej' gave some more names, and all of tliem they 
could find they [lut into prison as the_v did the others. Some 
few persons offered their testimony, but wore prevented as much 
as possible by threats, from telling the truth. The brethren's 
lawyers finally told them not to bring their witnes.ses there; for 
if they did, there would not be one left to bring forward at the 
final trial. As soon as Bogart and his men would know who 
the}' were they would put them out of the country. As to 
making any impression on King, General Doniphan, one of the 
lawyers, said, if a coliort of angels were to come down and 
declare that Joseph was clear, it would all be the same; King 
had determined from the beginning to cast Joseph and some 
others into prison. 

Jo.seph, his brother Hyrum, Sidney Rigdon, Lyman Wight, 
Alexander McRae and Caleb Baldwin were sent to Libert}', 
Clay county, to jail, to stand their trial for treason and murder. 
Parley P. Pratt, .Morris Phelps, Lumau Gibbs, Darwin Chase 
and Xorman Shearer were put into Richmond jail to stand their 
trial for the same crimes. The remaining prisoners were all 
released or admitted to bail. 

About the last of November Joseph and his fellow prisoners 
were conveyed to Liberty jail. They were put in close confine- 
ment and wci-e not allowed to be seen by their friends. 

The people at Far West were making their preparations to 
leave the State. But they did not neglect their duties as 
citizens or as Saints. On the 10th of December, 1838, a long 
memorial and petition to the Legislature of the State of 
Missouri, setting forth the wrongs and outrages practiced upon 
the Saints, were drawn up by a committee appointed by the 
citizens of Caldwell county. Those were presented to the 
Legislature; but, after much discussion and many angry 
speeches were made, they were laid ujion the table. They had 
the power in their own hands, and they were determined to 
use it for their own advantage, and not for the redress of the 
wrongs and oppressions which the Saints had suffered. They 
appropriated however, hvo hundred thousand dollars to pay 
the troops for driving the Saint.s out of the State. 

On the 1:5th of December, under the direction of President 
Rrigham Young, the High Council at l''ar AVest was called 
together, and the vacancies in that body were filled. (_)n Decem- 
ber IGth, 18:;,^, Jo.«epli addressed a long letter from Liberty jail 
to the Saints, in which he gave them much instruction. He 
wrote in a most cheerful and consoling manner. Though in 
pri.son, liis language breathed a spirit of trustfulness and conli- 
dence in the Lord. lie had luovod the Lord in many trials, 
and he knew that he would not desert him now. Respecting 
their persecutors he said: 

"I'ut wo want you to remember Ilaniau ami :Mordi'cai: y')U 
know Il.iman I'oulil not be satislied so long ii.s lie saw Monlical 
at the king's pale, and )ie sought Iho lite of Mordccai and Iho 
linople of the .lews. Hut tlie Lord so ordered it, that llanian 
was hanged upon his own pdlows. So shall it coino to Jiass 
with poor Ilanian in tlie last days. Those who have souglil hy 
iiiilielier anil wii-Uiilncss, and by the priMi-i|ile nl' nioliocracy, 
to dcsliov lis and llie jieople of (iod, by killing Ihcni and scat- 
tering them abroad, and willfully ami niuli.-loiisly deliverin({ 
uti into the hands of murderers, de.sirinK "s to be put to death, 



»^^- 






0" TJ ^ El 2>TI L E IlNrSTI?.TJCTOI^ 




thereby having us dragged about in chains and cast into prison, 
and for -wliat cause? It is because we were lionest men, and 
were determined to save the lives of the Saints at the expense 
of our own. I say unto you, tliat tliose wlio iiave tlius vilely 
treated us, like Haman, shall be hanged on their own gallows; 
or, in other words, shall fall into their own gin, and snare, and 
ditch, and trap, whicli they have prepared for us, and shall go 
backwards and stumble and fall, and theirnamcsshall be blotted 
out, and God shall reward them according to all their abomi- 
nations." 

Thc?e words have been fulfilled. The wicked have fallen 
into their own traps. The Saints were not caught in them; but 
they, themselves, have been ensnared. They have gone back- 
■ofards and have stumbled and fallen. If their names are not 
all blotted out already, there is every prospect that they will be. 
The people of the State of .Missouri have had cau-se to remem- 
ber their cruelty to the Latter-day Saints; for in the civil war 
■which has raged, their own sufferings have been very great. 
They now know how it feels to be driven from their homes, to 
be chased by enemies, to have their property destroyed and to 
have their friends murdered. Possibly some of them may 
have thought in the midst of the.se afflictions, of the cruelties 
they inflicted upon the Latter-day Saints. But the vengeance 
■which they have to receive is not yet exhausted. Their doom 
is fixed, and unless they repent they cannot escape from it. 

Many of the editors of the newspapers of Missouri, tried to 
hide the wicked deeds which had been performed in the State, 
by throwing a covering of lies over them. Joseph in writing 
about their conduct said: 

"But can they hide the Governor's cruel order for banishment 
or exterminatioL? Can they conceal the facts of the disgraceful 
treaty of the generals with their own officers and men at Far 
West? Can tliey conceal the I'act that twelve or fifteen thou- 
sand men, woTnen and childien have been banisliod from the 
State without trial or condemnation? And this at the expense 
of two hundred thousand dollars — and this sum appropriated 
by the State Legislature, in order to pay the troops tV-r this >act 
of lawless outrage? Can they conceal tlie fact tliat we have 
been imprisoned for many months, while our families, friends 
and witnesses have been driven away? Can they conceal tlie 
blood of the murdered husbands and fathers, or stifle the cries 
of the widow and the fatlierless? Nay! The rocks and moun- 
tains may cover them in unknown depths, the awful abyss of 
the fatlioniless deep may swallow ihem tip — and still their 
horrid deeds stand forth in the broad light of day, for the wonder- 
ing gaze of angels and men! They cannot be hid!" 



^^^': 



should so much attention and care be given to the casket, and 
so little to tlie pricele.ss gem contained in it. It seems unreason- 
able, yet such is tlie course pursued by those who, while pay- 
ing every attention to their children's physical wants, neglect 
to furnish food for their mental develnpinent. 

I would say to every parent in Zion, subscribe for the JuvE- 
■siL>i Instructok, and you will tind it a rich treasure in your 
family, 

Vs'e" liaA'e a Sunday school numbering about t'wo hundred 
souls in this place, 'i'he rising generation seems to take a deep 
interest in it. We have classes for the reading of the Bible, 
Book of Mormon, .Tuvenile Instructor, etc. We have also 
a juvenile choir which adds to the interest of the school. Uur 
bishop takes a decided interest in it, and indeed in all things 
which are calculated to elevate and reline the minds of the 
young. 

Hoping that your noble efforts for the Instruction of the youth 
of our flourishing Territory may be duly appreciated and 
crowned with success, 

1 am your triend and brother in the gospel, 

John Kelly. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ci3:.a.i?.^^id:e]s. 



BY W. GRKEXIIALGH. 



W _____ 

FiLf.MORE City, August 20th, 1807. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

TiF.xn Brother: — Your neat and interesting little sheet I 
esteem ;vs a powerful auxiliary in the cause of truth. The 
benefits ai'cruing to tlie youth of our Territory through its 
publication can iiardiv be over-estimated. I am happy to say 
tliat during the p.ist ?ew months its circulation has greatly 
increased in this city, and I hope that its excellence will become 
apparent ere long to c'vcry parent in Zion worthy the name of 
Saint, riow parents who seem to desire the welfare of tlieir 
children can spend their means on tea, coffee and tobacco which 
are injurious to the human system, and neglect to procure an 
invaluable work like the Ji'Venilb Instructor, I am at a 
loss to toll. 

J[ow can we expeot our children to grow up intelligent and 
■n-ise if we do nothing to feed th.at divine spark of intelligence 
within them. As well miirht wo expect them to grow up with 
healthy and well developed htidies. should we fail to do any- 
thing to procure for them suitable food and clothing. Why 



I am a word of letters ten. 
Examine me correctly, then 
My first three give a creature's name. 
The following five, part of the same. 
If in the Bible you will look, 
You will find in that Sacred Book, 
That my remainder a name ■n'ill spell; 
A grandchild of old Israel. 
My whole in Kiigland is a town 
Or city of no small renown. 



BY A. M. JARVIS. 



I am composed of 14 letters: 
My 1, T, 13, 4 and 3, G, 13, 7, 8, are ladies' names. 
My 10, 13, 7, 14, is a small insect. 
jMy 9, 12, 14, is u.seful in a house. 
My 11, 2, 5, is a io!or. 

My whole is the name of a servant of God who lived and 
died in this dispensation. 



B@"The answer to the Cliaradc in No. 16 is MEXICO. 
The following sent us correct answers:- — J. Bull, jr.; M. E. 
Morgan; J. Tavey; W. J. Lewis; J. Epans; W. Stickells; J. 
R. xMcGaw; A. M. Jarvis. 



Use the best language in your common conversation at home, 
and you will soon acquire the habit of using it on all occasions. 

Hf. who waits to do a great deal of good at once, will never 
do aiivtIiiiiL'. 



Js published in Great Sail Lake Cily, Utah To ritory, 
OX THK FIRST &. FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MOXTlf. 



CEORCE 0. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum ,$.S 00 

Siugle Copy, for Six Montlis 1 50 

S^ Ft i-t expected u-licrc agents forward names they ivi 1 1 be responsihle 
for the papers tliua ordered: and when Cash payments are made, tliey 
wdt please forward tliem with the letter conlaininy the luiynes of the 
suhserihers. 

«a" Kilter Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, vill act as General Agerit for 
Caette Vatlrii. 

mg- dfCin' brought to this City for the .IrvENiLE Instktotor uill be 
received at the ojficc of our paper— Dehebkt Nkws Buildi.ngs. 



e:? 



