
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 31, 1874. 



NO. 3. 



THE x^j^isT ID OIF THE :pi3:^i?.^oi-3:s. 




A GES before the celebrated monuments of Greece and Rome 
li. were reared, tbe temples, pyramids, and palaces of Eiiypt 
stood. The old Egyptians were fiimous for their learning, as 
well as their industry and skill; and tlie learned men of other 
countries visited the land of the Pharaohs, that they might add 
to their store of knowledge. The strange marks which cover 

the face of their mon- ,,_^^„,^^^.„^^^^ 

iiments, called hiero- 
glyphics, were the ear 
liest form of writing ; 
and the first paper in 
the world was made 
from the papyrw- 
which grows on th< 
banks of the Nile. 

But that which givt s 
to Egypt its chief in 
terest in our minds, is 
its close connection 
with the sacred stor\ 
Abraham, the frien 1 
of God, and the fath(-r 
of the faithful, sojourn 
ed here, and found 
food in times of famine 
Here Joseph wa> 
brought, and in this 
land the poor captive 
boy afterwards rided as 
chief minister of state 
Here, too, the children 
of Israel were soreh 
oppre.s.sed, in makin., 
brick, and buildin.' 
treasure cities fijr 
Pharaoh, till God's .set 
time for deliverance 
came; when Moses was 
raised uj), preserved, and at length at tlu^ Divine cdinmand, 
led the Hebrew children forth fnmi boiulage, and through the 
water of the Red Sea. And in later times Egypt was a land 
of refuge for the infiint Jesus. Hitherto Joseph ami Mary 
fled from the cruel Herod, and here they remained till Jehovah 
d them the danger was over; and thus ivas fuUilleil the 




following predictiiin, ''Out of Egypt have I called my Son." 
The seeno which our artist hai en.;raved, isfrom^seven to 
eight miles distant from the Pyramids. It is the ferry at old 
Cairo, a town that has had many names, and is the place, some 
say, from which Peter wrote his first epistle. Here the Nile 
is crossed by those who purpose visiting the Pyramids; and 

in the centre of the 

" - ""r^"" - -~^^ river, at this i)lace, 

--=^ there is a small i.sland, 
^^ on the banks of which 
^ ^Bq i{ is said Moses was 
'^z found. The curious 
JIZ looking little boat, 

ju.st i)ut o!F frcim the 

shore will cross the 
river, and th a t tur- 
baned crowd, in whose 
midst there may be a 
f e w Americans, i s 
anxiously w a i t i n g 
another boat to take 
them over to El Geez- 
eh, a small town on 
the ojiposite bank, 
from which the Pyi-a- 
mids take their name. 



How Soon For- 
gotten. — So lately 
c'e id; how soon forgot- 
ten. This is the way 
of the world. Men 
take us by the hand, 
and are anxious aliout 
the h c a 1 1 h of our 
boi i 's, and laugh at 
o u r jokes, and w e 
really think like tlie fly on the wheel, that we have .smnething 
to do with the turnim; of the earth. Some day we die and are 
buried. Tlic .sun does not stop for our luiienil; everything 
goes on as usual; one or two memories still hold our names; but 
the wave of time soon sweeps over our steps and washes our 
the last vestige of our lives in this world. 





cTTJ^Ein^iLE xi<tst:rtjc;tcd:r 



"llouaijii 



^^rouitil i\\t 



%t\l 



BY G. M. U. 



ELEVEN DAY.-^ IN A DUXCtEON ! 



AFTER arriving at tlieso conclusions, we told the sergeant that 
we were ready to start for Payta. But now the sergeant was 
taken by surprise by our sudden turn, he thinking we had 
some trick or -plan in view, after getting out on the plain. 
Hank told him. through Jack, that it was none of hi.s busine.ss 
what we intended to do; and I also told Jack to politely inform 
liiui that we were going to Payta, and if he had a mind to go 
along, he could do so. Our business was with our capta'n 
now, and not with him. The sergeant, however, was mistrust- 
ful. He wanted us to give up oiu- knives, but we told him 
flatly we would do no such a thing, for if we we did so, we 
would never see them again. Hank and I shook hands with 
the ladies, who gave us a kind good-by along with three or four 
baked potatoes, and they also filled my bottle with water. 
Returning tlioui many thanks for their kindness, wa walked off 
the veranda, beckoning to the valiant sergeant to follow. 
Having no other alternative, he and his troop, together with the 
Portugese, joined us and together we headed for Payta, the 
iifficer pointed out a different and shorter route from the one we 
liad traveled, but.short as itwas, it took us all night to getover_ 
It was a long, dreary niclit's tramp. During the latter part, we 
were so worn out we could scarcely get along. 

At daylight we entered Payta, being met by an escort of 
some thirty soldiers, thrice as many women, and over one 
thousand dogs. This was as Hank and I predicted, but much 
to the astonishment of the Portugese. With drum and fife 
loudly beating and blowing, they marched us through the 
])rineii)al street to prison, and wlien in the prison they put us 
in the stocks. We sat on the ground, and one leg was put in 
the wooden structure. I was so weary and used up, in fiict, we 
were all so fatigued, that we lay back in the mud and filth of 
our prison floor and went to sleep, before our old "castilero" 
had locked our cell door. Abdut nine o'clock our keeper woke 
us up to take breakfast, ^\'e i>romised on our wcjrd of honor 
not to cut his throat, or try to run away, if he woulil let us out 
of the stocks; tlie old man complied with our wi.shes. No 
sooner were we out than we turned over the stocks, broke the 
hinges, and made a table for our breakfast dishes. This as- 
t(ini>hed our keei)cr, but it was done so ([uickly and neatly that 
he had no time to prevent or offer resistance. We explained 
til the old fellow that we would be a.s good as our word, but we 
only did this as a i)reventive to going into them again. ( )f 
course, being in jirison. we expected prison fare, but our 
breakfast astonishccl us. In the fir.st place we had a roll of 
lircad each, made of beans, rice and wheat ground together, 
and with the l>read was four quart liowls lA' poai tempo sopa 
(wait-a-littl<'-while soup.) made by boiling in water rice, beans, 
corn, meat, bread, bananas, plantains, oranges, peppers, etc.; 
we were too hungi-y to analyze it i)articularly. Along with the 
liread and souj) we had three bottles, one of water, one of 
wine and one of lirandy. At four o'clock in the afternoon we 
had another liowl of soup each, together with the bread, but 
nil liottles. This was our daily fare while in pri.son. The room 
in which we were confined was about ten feet by fourteen feet, 
arched over heacl. and all stone; there were no windows, and 

floor but tile bare gnjund. On one .side of the rGom was a 





small archway, with a door opening on the street. In this door 
was an opening aliout eight inches square, with two iron bars 
crossing it. This was the only source for light or air to get 
into our cell. When I add to this, that men had been eon- 
fined in the place two or three weeks at a time, without being 
let out for one moment, and that the pen had not been cleaned 
for probabl}' a 3'ear, you can imagine what kind of a foul, dirty 
and stinking hole we were in. And here Hank and I were 
kept eleven days, and the Portugese eight days, without ever 
getting one minute's fresh air, only by poking our noses 
through the hole in the door, or when, by bribing the old 
keeper with a bottle of wine, he left the door open for a few 
hours during the day. Yet in this place we, in a measure, 
enjoyed ourselves. The "beach-combers" called daily to see 
us. '■Beach-combers" is a name given to sailors, living on 
shore, and who have no apparent means of support. The 
women gave u3 little presents, daily, in the shape of eatables; 
in fiict, I shall ever remember those good, kind-hearted, good- 
looking senoritas, one in particular, who called on us daily, and 
always with some little token of her generosity, in the shape of 
a candle, a roll of bread, a stick of sugar cane, or a cup of 
water. Her name was Zephyr, and she weighed about two 
hundred and fifty pounds — a rather heavy west wind — but her 
weight never overbalanced her generosity or kindness to us. 
We learned, while in prison, that thirteen of the Maria's 
crew had run away; among them the boat-steerer, shipped at 
Taleahuaiia. He, with one of the foremast hands, stole six 
hundred dollars from the cajitain before leaving the ship. The 
officers of the ship visited va in turns, all of them using their 
influence to persuade us to go on board without making trouble. 

No, not all, for one among them, Mr. McD , a Scotchman, 

who was our first mate, like ourselves, being sick of the ship, 
toll] us plainly v.'c were right in deserting from the vessel. On 
the third day of our incarceration, the soldier.s brought in 
another of our crew, named Woodward; but as he wa.s a "no 
account" on board the ship, so considered by the oflicers, the 
next day, at the captain's instigation, he was discharged. 
Hank and I took advantage of this circumstance. Hank was 
by ]irofession a jirinter, in fact, he had edited a paper belore 
going to sea. Writing editorials was to him a pastime. He 
had now not only a .subject that was interesting and popular, 
but one in which he was himself deeply interested; and our 
grievances were not only added to, but multiplied in the docu- 
ment he penned for the perusal of the American consul. Hank 
and I signed it, and the two Portugese made their mark on 
the iiajjcr, crossed themselves and hekl up their hands, all 
according to law; and then the document wa;: forwarded to the 
con.sul, through the politene.ss of a friendly "beach-comber." 
Our messenger presented the paper at an ojiportune moment, 
for while the gentleman was reading it our captain called upon 
him, when Mr. Gardener handed him our letter. Our 
friend hastened to inform us of this circumstance, and we 
waited anxiou.sly for the result. But we were in "choky" eight 
days befin-c our captain called on us. He stopped over an hour, 
during which time he presented our letter to the consul, and 
endeavored to deny the facts therein stated. We had (juite a 

wordy and stormy time with ("aiitain B , on our part. Wo 

felt no fear or respect for him in our ]irison, and we were very 
liberal in our abuse t<iwards him. lie .swore he would take us 
on board the ves.sel in irons. We .swore if he did we would not 
work. He said if we would not work, we should not eat. We 
then coolly informed him our minds were made up. M'e would 
burn the old ship, and all hands go to "Davey Jones " to- 
gether. Tlie old man swore he would try us, and left. The 





CTTJ^EIsriXjE] IITSTI^TJOTOI^ 



Portugese took no part in our war of words, but we explained 
it to them afterwards. About an hour after our interview, the 
old castilero beckoned mo to the door, and whispered that the 
captain had said he would take two of us on the ship, the 
other two — he would nut have aboard the ve?S3l. I tolil Hank, 
and we readily surmised who the two were that lie would not 
take; and we felt like giving a grand hurrah. Between three 
and four o'clock, a companj' of soldiers marched up the street, 
halting before our jirisou door. I began to think our keeper 
had misinformed me. and that they intended to take all of us; 
but I was agreeably disajiiiointed. The castilero delivered up the 
Portugese, who were ironed and marched oft' to the ship^ 
not a soul saying a word to Hank or myself As .soon as the door 
was shut we joined hands and had a regular dance of joy around 
our miserable cell. After our joy had somewhat subsided, we 
began reasoning the thing over. 'We were not at liberty yet ! 
Perhaps they intended to keep us in jail until the ship was 
ready to sail. So thiukiug. three more weary, anxious days 
and nishts passed. On the eleventh day of our imprisonment 
a friendly senorita came and told us the Marias top-,sails were 
loose. This was her signal for sailing; and I a.ssure j-ou our 
hopes and fears kept us in a 
state of nervous excitement all 
day long. Every hour a ' ■beach- 
comber" or senorita reported 
to us. About four o'clock the 
report came that our ship was 
under weigh, with agoodwii:d 
blowing off' the land. 

Alphabet of Proverbs.— 
A grain of jirudence is worth 
a pound of craft. 

Boasters are cousins to liars. 

Confession of fliults makes 
half amends. 

Denying a fault doubles it. 

Envy .shooteth at others and 
woundeth herself Foolish 
fears double dangers. 

God reaches us good things 
by our hands. 

He has hard work who has nothing to do. 

It costs more to avenge wrongs than to bear them. 

Knavery is the worst trade. 

Learning makes a uum fit cmnpany for him e'f 

Modesty is a guard to virtue. 

Not to hear con.science is the way to silence it. 

One hour to-day is worth two to-morrow. 

Proud looks make foul work on fair faces. 

Quiet con.science gives sweet sleep. 

Richest is he that wants least. 

Small faults indulged are little thieves that let in greater. 

The boughs that bear mo.st bend lowest. 

Upon the character you bear, your success is likely to depend. 

Virtue and happiness are mother and daughter. 

Wise men make more opportunities than they find. 

You never lo.se by doing a gocjd turn. 

Zeal without knowledge is fire without light. 




J^ AATISEl IlSrSEOT. 




-«-*- 




tlPRiailTNE.ss in our dealing 
of human convenience but of 
11 jiunish the want of it. 



witli each iither is a matti^r not 
divine reipiirenirrit. and God 



THE jucture we give is co])ied from an engraving in a 
Chinese book on insect.s. In it is seen the web of the 
Diadem Spider. This in.soct presents the gayest colors, makes 
the most ingenious web, and spins the fine.st silk of any 
member of the sjnder family. 

The web woven by this insect is like a wheel of many rims 
or circles within circles. In forming these circles the s]iider 
pulls out the thread with her feet and ajiplies it to the several 
spokes as .she walks around, The sagacity of the creature is 
seen in the use of various stays to keoj) the stnicture steady. 
It is often placed in a windy situation, and therefore requires 
more support. In the jjicture a line is carried fiom the corner 
of the web and made fast to a tree, that the gusts of wind 
may not break down the net. 

The sagacity of this s])ider in selecting a ]iroi)er tite for her 
net, and her skill in rendering tliat net jn-oof against ordinary 
breezes, have been noticed by the Chinese, who, while they 
gave it one name, expressive of the pearl-like roundness of 
the bod.v, added another which refers to its knowledge, ^and 

means the "wise insect;" and 
hence, their ideas about it, in 
this particular, are exactly 
like those of Solomon, who 
classed it among creatures who 
are exceedingly wise, for he 
probably had this particular 
s]iider in view when referring 
to the one which "taketh hold 
with her hands and is in 
kings' palaces." The ex- 
pression "taketh hold with 
her hands" is reniarkalile. for 
her feet are like unto hands, 
on account of their use in 
in.-iking a web. 'While busy 
ill weaving, the three hind 
pairs are occujued in drawing 
I Hit. measuring, and ajiplying 
tiie thread or woof And so 
well does she judge of tlie 
cliff'erent lengths required that 
their work never needs the slightest alteration. 

In the narrow streets of a Chinese city may be commonly 
seen this siiider as it rests upon the centre of its net, which 
reaches across the street. It so jilaces its net as to lie secure 
from man, since it is above his reach as he walks beneath. 

There are but few allusions to the sjiider in the Bible. The 
fragility of its web is, however, referred to by Job (viii, 14) as 
an emblem of the unsafe character of the hojie of tlie hy]io- 
critc. Thiiught well of he may be among men, he may flatter 
himself that all is well with jiim, but his hii]ie is vain. His 
expectation shall "peri.sh;" his trust shall be "as the spider's 
web." 



Alexander the Great, seeing Diogenes looking atten- 
tively at a parcel of human bones, asked the iiliilo,so])hcr what 
ho was looking for. "That which I cannot find," was the 
reply; "the difference between your father's bones and tlio.sc of 
his slaves." 



Kind words arc as refres 
to the parched ground. 



hiiig fo the burdened heart as rain 





S8 



T TJ "7" E! n^ I Xj E IIDTSTI^TJOTOI^/ 




r I c tit e n i ,i r if ^il , It e itt I s t r ii ♦ 



^A/" JL T E I?. - h: o 



B Y Ti K T 11 . 



HOW changed is the condition of the active, dostruetive 
agent, oxj-gen, when its encvgj' has l)een expended upon 
hydrogen; no longer corrosive, or capalile of supporting com- 
bustion, from an invisible gas it has become a visible li((nid — it 
has undergone a complete metamorphosis — chemical change. 
All changes which take jilace in material bodies are either 
chemical or physical: whenever bodies are completely changed 
in their nature, as in the burning of suljihur (S 2 O) by which 
the sulphur is decompo-x'd and the () of the air is combined 
with it; or the burning of wood, in which the material 
combines -nith oxygen (C 2 0); or the burning of the hydrogen 
of oils or s]iirit<; or the direct combustion of a jet of hydrogen 
in oxygen (H 0) there are chemical changes. The suljihur has 
ceased to be a simple clement; it exists in a new state, a com- 
pound body; the wood (carl on) has changed its nature from a 
combustible solid to an incombustible gaseous body by having 
combined with oxygen; the hydrogen has undergone a siujilar 
change, it has been lairned in oxygen, but its combustion has 
produced a fluid — water. 

Physical changes do not alter the nature of bodies. Water 
in the state of ice, or as vapor, is water still. When it enters 
into the rrots of vegetation it continues to be water in the sap; 
in combination with fi od of nn'mals it gives water to the blood; 
in the various 1 overages of wliicli it fornis the bulk, it is the 
same marvelous fluid, however it may be disgui od. In the o 
instances water is the vehicle or mod-'nm by which soluble 
bodies are convoyed mechanically from jilare to place, without 
changing its nature. 

Water is, when pui-e, without taste or .-niell, Imt it is .such a 
powerful and almost univcr.^al .solvent that it is never found 
pure. Descending from the hoaven.s, it becomes contaminated 
by gases and other impurities with which the air is frequently 
loaded; descomling from the nioimtains it combines with various 
mineral and organic matters in its way. We have very familiar 
instances of the various properties of waters in this Territory. 
Vast quantities of .-^olid mineral matter are being doi o.ated in 
many of our canyons. so?ne of which have been brought down 
by physical means, that is in mechanical suspension in water, 
as rocks, pebbles, sands etc.; .some as caibonate-, of lime 
especially, by which the various "tuflis" have been formed; 
these were held in solution by carbonic acid, which is soluble 
in water. Tlien we have the warm and hot springs containing 
large quantities of saline matter, and the Great Salt Lake, the 
water of which is heavy with salts. Salt springs also, which 
run into the Lake, iirobably caused by the water of some of 
the canons in the wc^t mountains, which have no known outlets, 
passing over .salt beds, such as abound in this valley. Every- 
thing .soluble in water is cai'ried along to lower levels, sinking 
into the earth it dissolves the minerals 't meets, flowing over 
rocks, as through our canyons, it dissolves a portion of their 
materials. So that mineral waters indicate their origin by their 
constituents, which are easily determined by chemical tests. 

One of the rca.-ions of the .sdtnc^s of our lake, and of all 
other bodies of water containing salts, is the fact that pure 
water only ri.ses by evaporation. The rains bring back 
waters laden with .saline materials that have been taken up from 
he soluble matter of our earth. 




THiE 3sroi?.AA^Ea-nL^2sr ipilot. 



BY J. N. S. 



ON a clear November day our little party went on board the 
government mail steamer Kronprindsesse Louise at Copen- 
hagen to sail for Chri.stiania. She was a large side wheeler, 
built of wood, in rather old fiishioned style, but supplied with 
powerful engines. Very few ships of her size make regular 
trips in Norwegian waters, owing to the diflicult navigation. In 
Norway all the bays and fjords, which are long arms of the sea 
extending in land, are guarded across their sea front by shoals 
of rocks, or reefs which are generally covered by the water at 
high tide, but many of the rocks can be seen at low tide. To 
pass these sunken reefs with safety requires very great skill in 
the management of water craft. Christiania fjord is difficult to 
enter in stormy weather and at its mouth has many dangerous 
rocks. The Louise seemed to be under as strict discipline as a 
man-of-war, the caiitain wore the uniform of an officer in the 
Swedi.-h and Norwegian Tiaxy. 

The api^earance of the pilot at first sight would scarcely 
indicate that superiority in his profession which one would 
expect to find in an employee on board a first class ship. He 
was below the middle stature, and so wrapped and muflled in 
furs that his face was almost concealed. His step was slow and 
hesitating; it might be owing in part to the great heaw boots 
he wore; he puifed steadily at a large jiipe with a long, straight 
stjm somewhat resembling a walk'ng st'(k trrned the wrong 
way up. The bowl of the pipe ahr.o-t touched the deck, as he 
walked. He never seemed to speak to any one, unless first 
spoken to, and then he answered in luonosy 1 ibles. Fe seemed 
to pass the most of his time on deck; he never entered the 
cabin, but probably took his meals in the officers' room. 

After about twenty-four hours sail, a few rocky isolated hills 
began to peer up out of the water in the northren horizon. 
These were pointed out as the Norwegian coast. A few hours 
after, when near Frederiksvarn, we noticed great white patches 
upon the bold rocky coast, which had been painted there for 
the ])urpose of showing seamen, in a storm, whore they might 
find great iron rings to fasten their ships to as there was no 
chance to hold with their anchors. In the nooks and inlets 
they could thus outride a storm, and then go on their way. 

Stopping a few minutes at Frederiksvarn, we soon after 
turned into the fjord, and here for a short time the pilot took 
charge of the ship. His whole manner seemed to change. 
With a quick, firm step he ascended to the bridge which was 
only occupied by the captain and himself. His eyes gleamed 
with intelligence, and conveying his orders to the helmsman 
with motions of tho hand, it was observed that every motion 
and sign was given with the greatest promptness and decision. 
After turning in one place almost quite around, and frequently 
passing very near the rocks, we at length emerged into the 
comparatively still water of the fjord inside the reef. Tlio 
pilot turning to the captain, who had placed himself near the 
speaking tube leading to the engine room, so as to be able to 
speak to the engineer in case of need, gave the naval salute 
which was promptly answered, and he then relapsed into his 
customary silence and inactivity. 



Trust not to the promise of a common swearer, for he that 
dares to sin against God, by profaning his name, when it 
must be apparent to him that there is nothing to be gained by 
it, will be veiy likely to trespass against you if he thinks there 
is a chance to gain by it. 





a"cr^Eisriii,E xiststt^tj cdt o:ie/ 



S9 




^Hcrikfe^s ii|j painters. 



MICIIAEL-ANGELO BUONAROTTI. 

/Vo»i Chambers' Miscellany. 




ON THE 6th of March, 1474, at Caprese or Chiusi in 
Tuscany, was born the child who was afterwards to 
become so renowned. Michael- Angelo was noble by birth; his 
father was descended from the counts of Canosa. Probably 
his wealth did not equal his patrician ancestry, for the proud 
nobleman sent his son to a grammar school at Florence. A 
public school is no unusual place for genius to develop itself, 
and here it was that Michael- Angelo' s soon shone forth. His 
facility in sketching — a talent always appreciated by schoolboj's 
— made him popular among his young companions; they 
encouraged him, and their praises fostered the love of art in 
his bosom. This passion for drawing, however, was pursued in 
secret; for his father used all his efforts to discourage the boy, 
thinking, poor man ! in his foolish pride, that it would disgrace 
the noble house of Canosa to produce an artist ! He did not 
know that, but for that great artist, his ancient house would 
have been forgotten; and that now jMichael-Angelo is remem- 
bered for his genius, not for his nobility. 

The first story of the boy's progress in art is told of him in 
his thirteenth year. He borrowed a picture from a friend, and 
copied it with such exactitude, that it could hardly be dis- 
tinguished from the original. A plan for a boyish deception 
came into his head: he confided the secret to one of his play- 
fellows, and the two boys, with grave faces and many thanks, 
brought to the lender, not his own picture, but Michael's copy. 
He. worthy soul, discovered not the cheat put upon him, and 
was restoring with perfect compo.sure the fac-simile to the place 
of the original, when Michael's playfellow could resist his mirth 
no longer, and his irrepressible laughter revealed the jest. This 
story became known; his undoubted success encouraged the 
boy, and, to his father's horror, he declared his resolution to be 
an artist. 

Most likely the incident of the borrowed picture influenced 
greatly Michael's future life; for in his fourteenth year we find 
him a pupil of Donienico Ghirlandajo, one of the best painters 
of the day, who had studied under Giotto. Doubtless it was 
only after many struggles with his prejudiced father that 
Michael-Angelo obtained this favor; but when gained, he 
Itrofited by it in proportion to the diiEculty with which he had 
secured it. When fifteen, he one day saw a figure on his 
master's easel drawn in a style which he considei'ed far from 
perfect. He made outlines of the incorrect portions of the 
drawing on its margin. These outlines were far superior to 
the picture itself; and his own consciousness of this, and a 
mean jealousy unworthy of the noble art he followed, made 
Ghirlandajo ever after strive to depress and injure the bold and 
talented boy who had dared thus openly to comjiete with his 
master. 

Michael-Angelo remained with Ghirlandajo only three years, 
during which time his improvement was owing to his own ex- 
ertions, and not to his jealous master, who scarcely ever 
condescended to give him the least instruction. But persever- 
ance often fully atones for the want of imparted knowledge; 
and so it was with Michael. Before he left the studio of 
Ghirlandajo, he had availed himself of permission given to the 
l)upils of Ghirlandajo, by Lorenzo dei Medici, to study in an 

idemy which that wise and generous nobleman had instituted 



for the advancement of sculpture. Here Michael still continued 
to improve himself and attracted the attention of Lorenzo the 
Magnificent by his beautiful drawings. The academy was heldi 
like those early ones of ancient Athens, in a garden. This 
garden Lorenzo supplied with beautiful sculpture, chiefly 
ancient — for the moderns were far from perfection until Da 
Vinci's time — and hither the good nobleman often walked 
among the objects of his taste and delight, supplied by his own 
munificient hand, or amused himself in watching the progress 
of the young artists whom ho had invited to study in his 
grounds. 

In this garden of art the young Michael-Angelo one day saw 
a fellow-student modeling in claj- — a branch of art then very 
uncommon. He felt a wish to do the same, and attempted an 
imitation, which Lorenzo, who happened to pass by, praised 
with such warmth, that the young artist determined to try his 
skill in marble. He begged a piece of broken marble and a 
tool from some workmen who were employed in ornamenting 
the palace, and cheerfully and eagerly set to work. He chose 
as his model a mask of a "Laughing Faun,'' which was lying in 
the garden, much mutilated by time. But Michael remedied 
all these defects in his copy, and likewise added some improve- 
ments fi'om his own powers of invention. The mask was nearly 
finished, when, a few da.vs after, Lorenzo again vl.sited his 
garden. 

''This is wonderful in a youth like you," cried the delighted 
nobleman. He examined the work, compared it with the 
original, and praised the several additions which Michael's 
genius had prompted. 

'■But," said this acute patron and lover of art. with a good- 
humored smile, ' 'there is one thing I do not quite approve, 
though it is but a slight fault in so good a work — you have 
restored all the old man's teeth; whereas, you know, a person 
of that age has generally some wanting.'' 

The young man acquiesced in this sensible remark; and when 
Lorenzo has departed, he broke a tooth from the upper jaw of 
the mask, and drilled a hole in the gum, to shew ,that it had 
decayed and fallen out in course of nature. On Lorenzo's next 
visit, he was so delighted with the ingenious way in which 
Michael-Angelo had followed up his patron's hint, that he 
gave the young artist an apartment in his house; made him a 
guest at his table; introduced him to the noble, wealthy and 
learned that thronged the palace of the greatest of the Medici; 
and in short, adojited him as his own son. 

When only seventeen, ^Michael-Angelo executed for Lorenzo 
a basso-relievo in bronze; the snlijeet was the ''Battle of 
Centaurs. ' ' When very old, the great painter once came to see 
this work of his early youth, and was heard to say that he 
regretted that he had not entirely devoted himself to sculpture. 
His next work was a ' 'Sleeping Cupid. ' ' The wise of that age 
thought it impossible fin- modern art to iirodu''e anything equal 
to the antique; and they were not far wi'ong, for Jlichael- 
Angeln had not then arisen: so the dealer who jnu-chasod his 
Cupid had the cunning adroitness to stain it in imitation of the 
defacements of time, and bury it in a vineyard. He afterwards 
pretended to discover it by accident, an 1 sold it as an antique 
statue to (Cardinal San Giorgio. The i)raise it obtained in- 
duced him to reveal the secret; the deceived jiublic generously 
forgave the ti'iek, and the artist was invited to Rome, where 
Pope Julius IF. ctnumissioned him to erect a mau.soleum. 
T(i UK CiNTiNrKi). 

^» .-0-- «» 

TlilFl.lNd ri'ading begets tiifling tlnnights, and 
thoughts a tritiing life 





30 



a"TJ"^EIsri31iE! in^STI^TJCTOI^ 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, JANUAEY 31, 


1874. 



EDITO^e/IL^L THZOTJO-HITS. 





TR AN(tE theories, however devoid of truth 
and eontvary to divine revelation, find 
plenty of advocates and believers so long as 
they are put forth in the name of science. 
How reniarkalile it is tliat men are ready to 
entertain the most absurd ideas when they 
tliink they come from man, and at the same 
time will reject the most profound truths 
because those who advance them say they 
come from God ! The prophet Joseph Smith 
taught many grand truths which God revealed 
to him — truths pertaining to government and to 
science — Ijut who received them ? The world 
did not. He gave the nation valuable counsel 
ibout its government and its powers and policy, 
among other things proposing a safe, wise and fair 
jilan for the extinction of slavery. This was the dis- 
turbing element in the nation. But ho was a prophet 
of God. and who would receive any counsel from such a source? 
Had he professed to be a statesman only, his suggestions might 
have received attention. Many of our readei'S know how, 
finally, slavery was abolished. After cpiarreling about it for 
years, civil war at last broke out, the nation was rent asunder, 
thousands upon thousands of lives were taken, millions of 
money was spent, the improvements of generations were in 
many places destroyed and sorrow and misery were carried into 
almo.^t every household in the land — tlien the slaves were 
declared free. And yet to-day. after all this, many of their 
former owners feel indignant at the government who freed 
them and think they were robbed by the act. How much 
cheaper ami b :■ t?r in CT.?ry way was the method of emancipa- 
tion proposed by the projihet Joseph ! 

God has given the world the Book of Mormon. In its pages 
can be found animmense amount of valual)le information con- 
cerning America and its people in ancient da3'S ; but who 
accepts it as true? Scientific men advance theories about the 
ruins, the mounds, the peoi)le of ancient America: they spec- 
ulate upon where ths inhabitants came from, who they were, 
who the Indian i are, and advance numberless ideas upon every- 
thing connected with the country and its people; and what are 
the results? Arc they any nearer the truth? When they 
strike a truth, .some one will probably dispute it, and then 
doubt and confusion prevail again. Bocik after book is written 
containing numerous facts; but from all these books no one 
knows anything definite about the people of ancient America. 
If they would reail and believe the Book of ^Mormon what 
speculation, time and trouble they would be saved! Then they 
Would have certain truths to start with, upon which they could 
rely and which they could use as a foundation. Around these 
truths they coidd group their facts which they have di.^covered 
and many things which now jierplex them would be simple and 
clear as daylight. A few words from God are worth more upon 
any subject than all the volumes of theory and speculation 
which can be written. 



Upon the question of geology, the world is being filled with 
theories. Instead of taking as true what God has revealed 
resjiecting the creation of the earth, many jjersons launch forth 
on a .sea of .speculation. When God's word is .set aside, then 
one man's theory is as good as another's, and no better. But 
between the word of God and the works of God there can be 
no discrepancies. Short-sighted man may think he perceives 
a non-agreement which justifies his unbelief in God'.s word; 
Ijut the man who clings to the latter will find in the end that 
all true discoveries in geology, as in every other science, only 
confirm and render it more plain. 

One of the latest theories which attracts the attention of 
the .scientific world is called the Darwinian Theori,', after its 
author, an Englishman named Darwin. A large number of 
lu'ominent scientific men believe in it. and, of course, there is 
no theory, however absurd, that some people will not believe 
in, if it only has the weight of great or popular names attached 
to it. There are some ideas set forth by Darwin which are 
correct. He advances some good things about natural selec- 
tion. But it is his views about the development of man that 
we wish to refer to. His theory is that our race — mankind — 
has through sueces.sive ages gradually been progressing uiiwards 
from the lowest forms of animal life. That at some very remote 
period our ancestors were gorillas, or monkeys, or something 
lower still; but that as ages have rolled away, the race has gradu- 
ally imju'oved until we have reached our piesent type. The 
whole scientific world is aroused by this theory, and many who call 
tliemselves thinkers have adopted it as true. Books are written 
to prove it; others are written to disprove it; and thousands are 
perplexed over it, not knowing whether to believe it or not. 

Now to Latter-day Saints all this seems very absurd. How 
strikingly beautiful is the truth, as revealed by the Lord, in 
comparison with such a miserable theory as this! Yet because 
God has revealed great truths ujion this subject, men, who 
think themselves scientific, pay no attention to them, but run wild 
attor the most ridiculous idea that ever entered the human mind! 

We are told in the Bible that "God created man in his own 
image, in the image of God created he him." Adam was no 
gorilla, no squalid savage of doubtful humanity; but a perfect 
man in the image of God. When placed on the earth he was 
immortal. Eve was no degraded, loathsome creature; but a 
lovely, admirable being, a suitable jiartner for an immortal man. 

"The loveliest pair 
That ever yet in love's embraces met: 
Adam, the goodliest man of men since born. 
His .sons; the fairest of her daughters. Eve.'' 

?ilan when jilaced on the eai'th was not far from (lod. But 
through the jiractice of sin he has ialleu. The most perfect 
men and women on earth to-day are physically far beneath their 
great progenitors, Adam and Eve. We are not the ofFspiing 
of monkeys, but are the children of God and Jesus is our 
brother. The Book of Jlormon shows us how the Lamanites 
became the degraded beings they are. Eevelation informs us 
also concerning the negroes. They are not more perfect than 
their ancestors; they have not been progressing towards a better 
type; but have fallen by the tiansgression of some of their 
I)arents, far below what they were originally. 

To the Juvenile.? it should ever be a con.soling thought to 
know that God is their Father, that they have actually sprung 
from Him; that they can pray unto Him as such with the 
jiromise from Him that He will hear them if they i)ray aright. 
No theories can shake or destroy that grand truth. If opposed 
to that, theories must fall even if all the scientific world believe 
in and advocate tliem. 





J" TJ AT SUNT I LIE IITSTI^TJCTOI^ 



31 




THE K.EID IDEIEI?., 




WE present herewith to our young readers an engraving of 
singular beauty and interest. It is such a picture as few 
01 them may ever see in real life. Once the animals here 
represented could be seen in all the States, from the Atlantic 
ocean to the Pacific. In former days they could occasionally 
be seen in these valleys; and, on the plains and in the moun- 
tains, they were frequently met. But from many parts of the 
United States 
they have en- 
tirely disap- 
peared; i n 
other parts the 
hunter's gun 
and the progress 
of settlements 
have pushed 
them for toward 
extinction. The ; 
time may come 
when these in- 
teresting crea- 
tures may be 
found, as is tlio 
case in many 
countries of Eu- 
rope, only in the 
safe inclosure.- 
of ])rivate or 
public parks. 
To the Indiana 
the disappear- 
ance of the deer 
is a great loss. 
Upon t h in 
the.y depended 
in a great de- 
gree for f o d 
a n d clothing. 
Its fle.^h fur- 
nished t h e ui 
meat, its skin, 
when dressed, 
supplied them 
with material,^ 
for .shirts, leg- 
gings and moc- 
casins, also cov- 
ering fo r th.'ii 
lodges, and vvitli 
its sinews they 
were able to sew 
their garments. 
These animals, 
since the settle- 
ment of this 
c n t i n e u t by 

white men, have been hunted and shot by them for sport. Had 
they only been killed in times of want, and to furnish food to 
those actually in need, they would still be very numerous in the 
land. But men, with plenty of beef, mutton, fowls and food 
of every kind at homo, have hunted and killed deer for mere 
wanton sjiort, just as boys and men in these valleys go hunting 
and shoot gee.se, ducks and other fowls, not because they have 




no meat at home, but for sport. This practice is all wrong. It 
is a very cruel thing to take life in this manner — to shoot, out 
of mere sport, the beautiful animals and fowls which God has 
created, and which .should only be killed when they are really 
needed for food. The Indians have thought that, as white 
men killed and drove off their game, which was their onl}' 
dependence for food, they were justified in killing the white 
man's cattle which lived on the grass produced by the land 
which they and their forefathers owned. This has led to a 

great amount 

f bloodshed. 
White men 
h a V e thought 
they had a per- 
fect right to kOl 
game wherever 
they foimd it, 
even though the 
Indians did de- 
]:iend upon it 
forfood,because 
It was wild; but 
the y did not 
think the In- 
lians had any 
light to kill 
their cattle, be- 

ause, said they: 
ar cattle are 
tauie. This.you 
^ee, is a very 
foolish reason 
u- such wicked 
^■eds. 

The male deer 

with his fine 

form and majes- 

tir antlers, pre- 

ents a really 

11 o ble appear- 

luceashe stands 

Mon the green 

w a r d . His 

•male compan- 

m r e p OSes 

u'n'tly on th e 

1 link n c a r the 
tr^am without 
ear of danger 
V I) 111 m a n ; 

while the timid 
itt'e one. over 
which the pai- 
Liits watch as 
\ -.ur father and 
mother watch 
overyou,(stoops 
down 1 taste 
the clear and tempting water of the ln-ook which ripples bj'. 

BQ^-* — ^>* 4 ^ 1 

He who knows him-:elf well, is not troubled by the reflec- 
tions of bad men. nor flattered by the praises of friends ; for 
he esteems himself .so moderately, that he knows as little good of 
himself as others can, and properly estimates the emptiness of 
praise. 





3S 



CTTJ^EIsrZLE IITSTK/TJOTOI^. 



-A. ifooltsh: -AnD"VEisrTXJi?.E. 




THE spire of the cliurch at Benton had been loosened during 
a great gale, and it was found necessary to strengthen it. 
For this purpose, a lofty staging was l>uilt around it, which 
reached troni the ground to the topuost point. 

This was .scarcely finished when one of the main sujiports 
sank down somewhat, and the whole staging was pronounced 
unsafe. None of the workmen would trust themselves upon 
it, and so it became necessary to take it all down and rebuild it 
in a more substantial manner. 

This, of cour.se, involved delay; and as the contractor had 
other engagements, he left this for a time and took his work- 
men elsewhere, intending to return in about a fortnight to 
repair the spire. During his absence the defective staging was 
to be left standing. 

Two or three days after his departure a crowd of boys stood 
looking at the spire staging, with its intricate network of beams 
and boards, and discus.sing the situation. 

'J don't .see why they left it," said one of them. "It seems 
strong enough. ' ' 

"It .seems that it's not strong enough, at any rate," said 
another. 

"There's a great lot of planks and po.sts there too," said a 
third. 

"What a row there'd be if it .should all tumble down," said 
a fourth. 

"Tumble down!" cried the first, with a laugh, "a likely 
storj-! Why, man alive, that staging's all right. I heard a 
man .«ay so." 

"Then if it is, why did the contractor leave it?" 
"0, that was only an exeu.se. lie had to atteud to that 
bridge at once, so he put up this staging, and then pretended 
it wasn't strong enough. He wanted to make the peojile hero 
wait. That's what I heard a man say. ' ' 

"Anyhow, I wouldn't like to trust niy.self on it." 
"Pooh!" said the first S])eaker. 

"0. it's all very well for you to say iiooh. Tom Balch, but I 
can tell you there's not many men that would go up there." 
"TTp there? Why, I'd just as soon go ui) as not." 

1 ou? 
"Yes, mo. 

A scornful laugh was the only rejoindei-. 
"I'd jiist as soon go u]) as not," repeated Tom ISalc-h. 
"I'd like to see you try it," said the other. "You lnok 
like it. " 

"Well, you may .see me try it, for I'm going up there," .said 
Tom, walking towards the staging. 

The boys stood watchiiig in silence, thinking that it was only 
bravad.i, and waiting with a half smile for the time when he 
would turn back; but, to their surjirise, he began climbing, 
and in a few minutes he had ascended to the hight of nearfy 
forty feet. 

Tom Balch was known throughout the village as a liold, rash 
boy, capable of almost any act of daring. lie was not a boy 
of evil i.ropensities; he was hoiie.st and warm-hearted; but his 
love of admiration was so strong, and his ra.sh daring so yreat, 
that he had frequently periled his life for no other reason^than 
to make him.self notorious. It was this feeling that animated 
him to his present enterprise, and it needed only the challenee 
of his playmates to .send him up the iierildus hight of the 
church sjjire. 

The village had but one street, and the church was at one 
end of it. The villagers wore all at work in their shops, or on 
leir farms, or were in their houses; and none were near exceiit 



Tom's friends, who soon began to perceive that Tom was in 
earnest, and that the matter was far more serious than they had 
at first anticipated. 

The roof of the church was about fifty feet high, and the 
sjure ro.se fifty feet above this, so that its whole hight from the 
ground was about a hundred feet. The staging was divided 
into successive stories, each of which (about ten feet in hight) 
was formed by loose planks laid across the rafters, that passed 
from the main beams to the house. Ladders jjassed from one 
story to another, so that the whole could be easily climbed. 

Up this staging went rash Tom Balch. He ascended half 
way without jicrceiving any weakness in the .structure; and the 
impunity with which he had ventured so far made him deter- 
mined to go on to the verj' top. 

He looked back for a moment, waved his hat triumphantly 
at his friends below, and then continued his fooli.sh under- 
taking. The boys below looked up. but gave no respose. 

Tom now went on with reckless rapidity, surm>unting ladder 
after ladder, and hurrying across the scucessive floorings at a 
rate which made the vibration of the staging very perceptible. 
He thought this too triflmg to call for special attention. It 
was nothing, he thought, uiore than would be jjrodueed on any 
staging by the tramp of a man walking upon its floorings; but 
as he a.scended higher the vibration increased, and this was 
accompanied by a slight swaying of the whole structure, that 
inspired alarm at la.st in the breast of the thoughtless climber. 
A vague fear came over him. Something was the matter! 
By this time he was at the top of the staging, and close by the 
peak of the spire, with its gilt ball and iron vane. 

But no sooner had he reached the ball than the vibrations 
ceased, and suddenly the boards on which he stood seemed to 
sink beneath him. His first thought was that a plank had 
given way. Mechanically he flung himself forward, and 
grasped the iron rod of the weathercock with both hands. 
The next instant there was a noise like thunder below him, and 
down went the whole mass of woodwork to the ground! 

As it fell, the boys screamed and fled in different directions; 
and turning again and looking up in awful dread, they saw 
Tom clinging to the iron vane. His hands clutched this firmly, 
and he had seated himself upon the ball, clasping it with his legs. 
For some time not a word was said. Nothing, indeed, could 
be .said. The boys .stood paralyzed, looking and expecting to 
see Tom fall. But he held on firmly, and at last his voice came 
down to them from his lofty perch and roused them to action. 
"Boj's," he called, "are you there?" 

His back was turned to them where he sat, so that he could 
not see them. 

"Yes!" they shouted, in answer. 
"Go and get help, quick !" was his cry. 
At this the boys all started on the full run for the village, 
and spread the news in all directions. Soon a crowd had 
gathered, full of excitement and terror. As they looked up 
and saw the boy on his giddy jierch, a feeling of horror took 
l)ossession of them. But after the first shock was over, they 
called to him. and found that he was not exhausted and that he 
was not dizzy. These two facts inspired some hope among the 
sjieetators, and at once every one began to make proj^osals as to 
the best way of rescuing him. 

Some of the wildest talked of re-erecting the staging, but 
that was soon decided to be imjiossible. 

Others suggested a chain of ladders; but a little discussion 
brought out the fact that there were no ladders in the village 
long enough or strong enougli for the purpose. 

One man proposed shooting an arrow, with a string attached, 
which sh<mld fall over the weathercock; but this plan was d 






JTJ VEnsriLE I3^STI?.C U TOI?. 



'til 

3( 



33 u 



missed, as no one in town was expert archer enough to send an 
aiTow exactly over the spire. 

This brought nut a shrewd old man, who had thus far been 
silentl.v considering the situation. 

"Have any of you boys a kite?" he asked. 

"Yes," said one. 

"Then hurry and bring it here as soon as you can. I'll go 
home and bring some things. Quick, now !" 

Away went the boy for his kite, while the old man, who was 
a retired sea-captain, hurried to his house in a wagon which 
had just come up. In less than a quarter of an hour the boy 
was back with his kite, and the captain made his appearance 
with some ropes and a block. 

In the liloek was a long rope with a canvas band at the end. 
Another ro]ie was attached to the head of the block. 

On questioning Tom, the reply came that he was still free 
from either weakness or giddiness: and reassured by this, the 
capfciin, began to carry out his plan cf rescue, every incident 
of which was watched with intense interest by the crowd. 

A fre.'-li lireeze was blowing, and the captain, going away at 
some distance foni the church, let fly the kite. Soon it rose in 
the air. It was not difficult to guide the kite so that it rose 
over the spire and brought its string within Tom's reach. 

The cai)tain now fastened the string to the rope, and called 
on Tom to pull it up. Tom's iiosition enuljled him to hook his 
elbows round the iron rod, and thus have the use of both 
hands. It cost him some trouble, but the rope was at length 
pulled up, and by it he pulled up the block. 

In accordance with the captain's order, he now bound the 
block to the iron rod so strongly that it could support his 
weight. 

After this he passed the sling over his shoulders and under 
him, so that he was sitting on it. The sling was attached to a 
rope reeved through the block, and extending down to the 
bauds of a half-dozen men below. 

The hardest task of all remained, and this was to let himself 
down so that he might bang below the block. If he had been 
in the slightest degree dizzy, this could not have been done; 
but his head was steady j'et, and there were ropes to cling to 
now, as he lowered himself At last he hung below the block, 
with the sling under him, and his hands gras))ing the line. 

In this way he was lowei ed to the roof There men waited 
f)r him, and he went through into the attic, and so down to the 
ground. 

As he joined his friends, a wild cheer arose; scores of hands 
grasped his in cordial greeting. This was because of the relief 
and joy felt at his escape from death; but he really descrvad to 
be reprimanded and punished for his foolhardy adventure. — 

[Selected. 



-»♦- 



The difficulty foreigners experience in acquiring a knowledge 
of the English language is made apparent by the following 
lines: 

Wife, make me .some dumplings of dough; (doe) 

TJiej are better than meat for a cough; (coft') 
Pray let them be done well through, (threw) 
But not till they are heavy or t<jugh. (tutf ) 
And now I must be uff fur my plough, (plow) 

And the boys, when they've had enough, (enutf) 
Will keep off the tlics with a bough, (bow) 
While the horses drink at the trough, (trawf ) 




Good men have the fewest fears. lie has but one who fears 
do wrong. Ho has a thousand who has overcome that one. 



TsiE oooo. A.-is nj'T i=.^l:m:. 

This is a very pretty and useful ti-ee, growing in hot countries. 
It grows best near the sea. Its fruit is the cocoa-nut, which 
many of the Juvknilks who live in Salt Lake City and Ogden 
have probably seen. Tbert' are often fresh flowers and ripe 
mits on the tree at the same time. A good tree bears about 
eighty nuts every year. The lea.ves grow at the tO]) of the 
.stem, which is .slender and tall (from 60 to 90 feet high). The 
leaves are more than twice as long as a very tall man, and look 
like innuense ostrich feathers. The flowers are pale yellow. In 
the hot countries where it grows, the cocoa-nut palm is most 
useful. The people make drums and riosts of huts from the 

trunk, they eat the 
young buds as we do 
greens, making drink- 
ing-cups from the shell, 
and get oil from the 
fruit, for burning ami 
other purioses. To 
climb the tree and get 
the iVnit you wou'd not 
think very ea.sy work. 
_^ You can see by the 
nK size of the nuiu sitting 
M at the foot of the tree 
that t h e Cocoa-Nut 
I'alm is very high. But 
(lu the Sandwich Is- 
lands native boys climb 
to the top and get nuts 
very easily. They fas- 
ten their ankles to- 
gether with a sti;; p. In 
climbing, they embrace 
the palm with rheir 
arms, and draw their 
g feet up with the soles 
pressed against each 
side of the tree. Hav- 
ing their ankles fasten- 
ed together, tliey can 
bear all their weitiht on 
their feet, while they 
raise up to grasp the 
tree still higher up. 
Thus by holding on to 
' palm with their 
ivnis while they draw 
11]) their feet, and hold- 
ing with their feet while 
they reach still higher 
up with their arms, 
they climb very rajiidly 
ley descend frcun the toji very rapidly. 

■^>*-*-^~»^ — ■ 




and without dauLffr. 'f 



Nkvkr Co-NTKNTKri. — (Jivc a man the necessaries of life, 
and he wants the conveniences; give him the conveniences, and 
he craves for the luxuries; give him the luxuries, and he sighs 
for the elegancies; let him have the elegancies, and he yearns 
for the follies; give him all together, and he complains that ho 
has been cheated both in the i)rice and qiuintity of the articles. 



LlTTLK and often make a heap in time. 





34= 



cr TJ "v^ E n^r I L E untstK/Uctoi^. 




[iutorn 0|] lint ^!t!irrl|^. 

EAELY LIFE IN THE VALLEY! 

{Continued.) 




AFTER the lots were given out to the iiooiile a united effort 
was made to fence the city. Instead of fencing each lot 
separately, each ward was fenced in one field, and each owner 
of a lot in a ward built his iu-o])ortion of the fence. This made 
the work of fencing the lots couiiiaratively easy, and it answered 
every purjiose for several seasons. The streets were all kept 
open, but not at their jjresent width. The owners of lots culti- 
vated the streets in front of their premises, leaving no more 
than a sufficient sjiace for travel. At the end of eacli street 
leading out of the ward into the main thoroughfares which ran 
around each ward, there were bars, which every one who pas.'ied 
in or out with a team or on horseback was rerjuired to be careful 
in pu "ting up. There was no monopoly of land allowe.l. No 
man was jjermitted to take u]i a city lot or farming land for 
purpo.ses of speculation. The owners of city lots were required 
to build u]ion them, it being understood that they toiik them 
up for their individual u-e only. A ru'e was generally enf.irced 
that no unmarried man should have a lo; unless he were one of 
the Pioneers; if he intended to marry and build, then he could 
have a lot; but not otherwise. As time passed on these rules 
were relaxed somewhat; but the spirit which animated Pi-esi- 
dent Young and the Pioneers was entirely opposed to the 
monopolization of land, or to its occupation only so far as it 
could be used and im])roved. Farnjing lanil was divided and 
given out in small parcels, so that all could have a pro])er pro- 
portion, and yet none have land upon which to speculate. The 
enforcement of this rule made the ^ettlenlent of the city and 
the farming lands very compact, and created a community of 
interest which could n(jt have been felt under other circum- 
stances. 

The effect of this wi-e jiolicy is everywhere visible to-day 
throughout this Territiiry. In no country on the earth is the 
land more evenly distributed among the peoi>le than in L^tah. 
There is nothing to prevent every man from owning his own 
home.-tead. and the necessary farming land for his own conven- 
ience and sustenance. There arc vei-y few large laud owners in 
the Territory, and very few, if any, j)erson.5 who have taken up 
land to the exclusion of the poor emigrant who comes in liere 
from afar, or with a view to charge any new comer who may 
wish to buy, a good, round price fjr tlis same. The sj'irit 
which animated President Young and the other leaders 
of the people was to save and benefit the Saints. 
President Young himself after reaching this valley, was desir- 
ous that all the brethren should select their inheritances before 
he selected his. When he did choose his inheritance, many 
thought that his choice was the mo.st undesirable part of the 
city. Under ordinary circumstances in the world, the men who 
had been the jnoneers in selecting and settling a country — as 
this was selected and settled by ] 'resident Young and the 
Twelve Apostle.1 and their brethren — would have cho.sen the 
best spots themselves, and plenty of them, to that, as the 
country was settled up, their lands would liave been e?ihanced 
in value, and they have been enriched thereby. But nothing 
of this kiiul was done by the Pioneers; they were content to 
share alike with thu.-e who came after them, and to occujiy no 
more land than they absolutely needed. This was the si)irit 
and action in the first settling of this Territory, and that it was 



so lias )iroved a great advantage to those who have come here 
since, as through this they have been able to procure land with- 
out difficulty. 

This should always be the spirit of Zion. The selling and 
buying of land for si)eculative jiurpcscs in Zion is radically 
wrong and utterly opjwsed to the genius of this work. No 
true and jiermanent prosperity can attend this business, lien 
who sell their inheritances for speculative purjioses, or who buy 
others for such ]iurposes have, so far as those transactions ai-e 
concerned, lost .sight of the object for which Zion is established. 
Some of the brethren liave bought land, and President Y'oung 
notably so, because he found many determined to sell at some 
]irice and to some per.son, whether Latter-day Saint or not. 
President Young has been forced into the jiurchase of land 
through this cause. He has urged the Saints not to sell their 
inheritances; and in numerous instances he has felt himself 
compelled to buy when he did not have the means which he 
could conveniently spare, to save land from liilling into the 
hands of the enemies to the kingdom of God. But neither he 
nor any otherwise servant of Cxod has speculated in land. This 
city was laid out as a city of Zion — as a jdace of residence for 
the Saints. The Lord did not lead the people here, nor has 
He blessed the land since they came here in order that they 
might speculate in lands, or sell their inheritances to the ene- 
mies of His work. Tb.e men who act as if they thought such 
a mode of ju'ocedure legitimate, deceive themselves most terri- 
bly, as they will find out in a day to come. 

In laying out the farming land, that next the city was sur- 
veyed into five acre lots. This was for the purpose of accom- 
modating the mechanics and others who would reside in the 
city. Next to the five acre lots the ten acre lots were laid out; 
then the twenty acres, followed l:>y the forty and eighty acre 
lots, upon which farmers could build and reside. All these 
were, for safety and ijrescnt convenience, enclosed in one com- 
mon fence, eath owner of land building in ]iroportion to the 
amount he had in his field, and the fence to be erected in f ueh 
a manner as to be satisfactory to men aiqiointed to inspect and 
accept of it when comidcted. 

(To le Continned.) 



"Where the Sun does xot Set. — The following gra])hic 
jiassage is from the descrii)tion of a scene witnessed by a Mr. 
Campbell and his jiarty, in the north of Norway, from a cliff 
one thousand feet above the level of the sea. ''The ocean 
stretched away in silent vastness at our feet; the sound of its 
waves scarcely reaching our airy lookout. Away in the northi 
the huge old sun hung low along the horizon, like the slow beat 
of the pendulum in the tall clock of our grandfather's parlor 
corner. We all stood silent, looking at our watches when both 
hands came together at twelve, midnight, the full round orb 
hung triumphantly above the wave — a bridge of gold running 
due north, sjiaimed the water between us and him. There he 
.^hone in silent majesty tliat knew no sotting. We iuToluntarily 
took off our hats; no word Avas sjioken. Combine if you can 
the most brilliant sunrise and svinset you ever saw, and its 
beauties will pale before the gorgeous coloring which now lit up 
the ocean, heaven and mountain. In half an hour the sun had 
.swung up ])erce]itibly on his beat, the colors changing to those 
of morning, a frch breeze rijipled over the flood, one songster 
after another jiiiied uji in the grove behind us, — we had slid 
into another dav." 



Papkr was invented in China 170 B. C. 





CTTJ'v^EiisriniiE in^rsTiS/TJOTOi^. 



^11 est 10!!^ «itti! ^itsroer 

03Sr THE BIBXjE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 




LESSON LI. 

Q. — H<nv many clioscn chariots did Phanioli take? 

A. — Six hundred. 

Q. — When did Pharaoh and liis host overtake the children of 
Israel? 

A. — As they were encamjied hy the sea. 

Q.— When the children of Israel saw the Egyptians how did 
they feel? 

A. — They were sorely afraid. 

Q.— What did they do? 

A. — They cried unto the Lord and murmured ,-igainst Moses. 

Q.— What did Moses say? 

A. — "Eearyenot, standstill, and see the salvation of the Lord?'' 

Q. — AVhat was first done to prevent the Egyptians reaching tie 
children of Israel? 

A. — The pillar of the cloud was removed from before the chil- 
dren of Israel and placed behind them. 

Q.— What ettect did this have? 

A. — It came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp 
of Israel, "so that the one came not near the other all the night.' 

Q. — What did Moses do to tlie sea? 

A.— He stretched out his hand over it. 

Q._-What did the Lord then cause the sea to do? 

A.— To go back by a strong cast wind all that nigbt. 

Q._-\Vhiit ettect did this have? 

A. It became dry land and the waters were divided. 

Q._W"hat did the children of Israel then do'' 

A.— They went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground:' 

Q.— What were the waters on either side? 

A.— They "were a wall unto them ou their right band and on 
their left." 

LESSON LII 

Q.— When Pharaoh and the Egyptians pursued after them what 
did the Lord do to their chariots? 

A.— He took ofi" the wheels. 

Q.— What did the Egyptians then say? 

A.— "Let us flee from the face of Israel, for the Lord fisbtcth 
for them." 

Q,— When Moses stretched out his hand over ihc 
to the Lord's command what eft'ect did it have? 

A.— It returnea in its strength and covered the chi r'.ots, and 
hoisemen and all the host of Pharaoh. 

Q._How many remained of the host of Pharaoh that went into 
the sea after the children of Israel? 

A. — Not one. 

Q. —Where did Israel see the Egyptians dead? 

A. — Upon the sea shore. 

Q,_What eft'ect did this great deliverance have upon the chil- 
dren of Israel? 

A.— They feared the Lord, and believed Him and His servant 
Moses. 

Q.—W'hat did Glioses and the children of Israel then do? 

A. — They sang a song unto the Lord. 

Q.— Who took a timbrel m her hand? 

A.— Miriam, the prophetess. 

Q.— WHiat relation was she to Aaron? 

A. — Sister. 

Q._"Who went out after Mirijim? 

A.— All the women "with timbrels and with dances." 

Q.— What did Jliriam answer them? 

A. — "Sine- ve to the Lord, for be hath triuniplied gloriously; the 
horse and his rider hath ho thrown',into;thc[sea." 



sca aeeordine 




iiesfi0iis mill %yn%wttn 

OIsT THIE 

book: OIF nvn o I?. 3v: o isT . 



KEIGN OP THE JUDGES. 



LESSON" LI. 

Q. — What effect did these vigorous measures have upon the 
people? 

A. — Tbej' began to be still, and did not commit anj- wickedness 
openly. 

Q. — How long did peace continue in the land? 

A. — Until the fitth year of the reign of the judges. 

Q. — What came to pass in this year? 

A. — A cunning man began to draw many away fnim the church 
of God. 

Q. — What was his name? 

A. — Am'iei. 

Q. — To what order did ho belong? 

A. — To the order of Nehor 

Q. — Wliat did this jicople want to do? 

A. — They desired to make Amlici king. 

Q. — How did this atl'cct the people of the church? 

A. — They began to be alarmed. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — Because they knew if he became king he would try to 
destroy the church of God. 

Q.— What did they do? 

A.— They assembled to decide whether he should be king 
or not. 

Q.— What was the result of this? 

A.— The opinion of the people was against Amlici. 

Q.—W'hat ettect did this have upon the people of the church of 
God? 

A. — It was a cause of great joy. 

Q.— What did Amlici do? 

A.— He began to stir uji bis people to anger against the people 
ofGod. 

Q.— What did they do? 

A.— They eathered themselves together and appointed Amlici 
king. 

LESSON LII. 

Q. — What was one of Amlici' s first actions? 
A. — To cause his people to take up arms against the members 
of the church. 
Q.— Wliat:for7 

A. — That he might subject them to him. 
Q. — What were the'i^eople who followed Amlici called? 
A. — Amlicites. 

Q.— What did the Nepbites do? 

A. — They began to arm themselves to meet their adversaries. 
Q. — What leaders did they ajipoint? 
A. — Captains and high captains and chief captains. 
Q.— What did Amlici do? 

A. — He began to arm his people with all kinds of weapons. 
Q. — Where did the Amlicites assemble? 
A. — Upon the bill Amnihu. 
Q. — Where was this hill situated? 
A. — On the east side of the river Sidon. 
Q. — Who was the leader of the Nepbites? 
A.— Alma. 

Q. — AVho gained the victory? 

A. — The Nepbites, through the help of the Lord. 
Q.— What did tlie Amlicites do? 
A. — They began to flee before the Nepliites. 
Q. — Did the Ne|ihites ]iursue them? 
A.— Yes, all that day. 





36 



CT TJ "^^ E n^ I I-i E IltTSTI^TJCTOI?/. 




TSIE C H: I Xj D I?. E ;tT OIF THE SJ^HsTTS. 

(TuNE; — Marchiuj through Georgia.) 
"Words by John Nicuolson. Music Arraxgkd by Prof. C. J. Thomas. 

Moderato: 



o 

o 






of the Saints Of tliese the latter days, When 

'Jt- f J 



We 



are the 



lildr 






is-^ 







God again liascaused to sliiiie Truth's bright efful - gent rays. His kingdom He is building up, To 







— Tf N- 



S — dS— «fr — •' — St — £ e « •t — »- — •t 1 *-= — •=- 



bear unbounded sway. That Zion may appear in all its 



12^- 



=\' 



glory. 



±Sz 



zS r- e—r^ 



qV: 



r; ? — k ^—U -- 



'^ 



^=ii-- 



-rzj- 



-^ S ^ — !i- 



— * — w—^— «—*—•!-=-« — H— all — d5 — M~. — *' — all — 1 * —I 1 — ■ — m . — »-— •— S — • — ^ — s^ 



OS 

o 
K 



Hurrah, hurrah, we'l 






lelj) the wt)rk aloni.', Hur - rah. hurrah, we'll 

m :^. J. - -. :t 






i^ ^ '^ "" ^" 



^ — 



-+- 



-S 



hel)) the work along. Tis ex- 

— I 1 ' 1 1 1 1 — 



^ ~^ —^-^^i=^-- 



■^^-^^=i 













jieeted that the eliildren will i)er 

^ ^ k 

How bright liavf l)ceii i>ari'nt!il hi>pe.s 

About wliiit we shall do, 
In rolling on Jehovah'.s work, 

And JH-lping put it through. 
We'll .stem the tide of wiekedne.s.s. 

That deluges the world, 
That Zion may apjjear in all its glory. 



form 

I* 



noble part in rolling on the kingdom in its glorj-. 



--j -j .-J-.-irrs-^. 



We'll prepare to meet the Savior, 
When he come.^ to earth again. 

To wield the power of government 
And o'er the nations reign; 

We'll clean.se and purify our hearts. 
That we may with him be. 

When Zion is redeemed in all its glory. 



TriE answer to the Enigmatical Charade in Number 1 is A. 
We have received correct answers from J. H. Parry, C. J. 
Thomas and A. H. Caimon, of Salt Lake City, and 11. 
McKendriek, Tooele. 



-♦«- 




Obedience to Parent.^. — A merchant who, from being a 
poor boy, liad risen to wealth and renown, was once asked by 
an intimate friend, to what he attributed his success in life. To 
prompt and steady obedience to my ])arents, was the reply. 
"In the midst of many bad examples of the youths of my own 
age, I was always able to yield a ready submission to the will of 
my father and mother, and I firndy believe that a blessing lias 

consequence rested upon me and all my cftbrts. " 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum - - $2 00, 

.;^S~Office in rear of General Tithing Office Building, Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be "directed, 
' 'Editor Jetvenile Instructor. ' ' 




