sslhuss is tjje $0rfo! 



*■ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1870. 



NO. 23 



tihiie :r,:est oif 1 r j?H:E 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
"W O IR, L ID . 



JN number seventeen we gave a short description of a few 
of the people of Europe, and made a promise to write 
some little about the inhabitants of other parts of the 
world in a future number. We will now try to fulfil our 
promise. 

How strangely different some races of men appear ! 
How little the Negro and the Esquimaux resemble each 
other; how unlike is the Lamanite to the Hollander. Yet 
all are men. All are blessed with reason and intelligence 
that no other creatures possess, and to all is the gospel of 
salvation preached, that if they obey it, they may become 
members of the Church of Jesus Christ. And some from 
almost every nation have embraced the truth. We have 
in Utah, members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lat- 
ter-day Saints, who are Americans, English, Scotch, 
Welsh, Irish, French, Germans, Russians, Finns, Danes, 
Swedes, Norwegians, Icelanders, Swiss, Italians, Poles, 
and men born in far off Australia and Hindostan, in 
Southern Africa and the Isles of the Pacific Ocean. In- 
deed, we believe some representatives of every race, (as 
learned men have divided the human family), Caucasian, 
Mongolian, Malayan, Negro and native American, have 
passed through the waters of baptism, and been num- 
bered in the Kingdom of God. 

To day we have a picture of men and women from 
many climes. Here is the Chinese Mandarin and the 
Hindoo Fakir from Asia. The Negro, the Abyssinian 
and several representatives of Egypt from Africa; the 
Lamanite of this continent, and a party of early Dutch 
settlers from Holland, such men as pioneered the way for 
Europeans in New York and New Jersey. Then we have 
a portrait of that great man, George Washington, a type 
of the race that will yet rule the world, when that race 
will cast away its sins and its follies, and learn of God 
how to rule in righteousness and control mankind by the 
laws of heaven. In the day when the will of God will be 
done on earth as angels do it in heaven. 

We will first refer to our friend from the celestial em- 
pire, as Ch'na is called, for the Emperor thereof claims to 
be either the brother, cousin, or some other relative to the 
sun, moon, stars, comets and all the rest of the heavenly 
bodies. Now, the Chinese are a peculiar people, not that 
they are that peculiar people spoken of in the Bible, who 
were to be zealous of good works; for if we can believe 
most of the newspapers published in the regions around 
about Utah, the "heathen Chine," as they style them, are 
far from being as good as their Christian neighbors want 




them to be, though no doubt they are as good as most of 
these same Christian neighbors who find so much fault 
with them. But the Chinese are peculiar in their habits, 
in their food, in their dress and in many other things. 
The men there wear petticoats instead of coats, eat with 
chopsticks instead of knives and forks, old folks fly kites 
for amusement, and the women pinch their feet all their 
lives that they can only hobble, not walk, much less run. 
For all that, the Chinese are a very remarkable people in 
many respects. They were a highly civilized people when 
the nations of Europe were savages. They have existed 
as a distinct people whilst many empires in Europe, Asia 
and Africa, have risen and flourished, declined and fell. 
Thus in the days when Egypt was in its glory, the Chinese 
flourished also. Babylonia, Persia, Greece and Rome, 
each for a short period, ruled the rest of the world, but no 
army of either Babylon or Rome entered as conquerors 
the gates of the Chinese cities. The Tartars, however, 
overthrew one race of kings, and the descendants of the 
latter now reign in their stead. 

Traveling westward from China, we reach the home of 
the Hindoo Fakir — Hindostan, once the domain of a hun- 
dred native Princes, but now a province of Great Britain. 
The Fakir is a religious maniac, who thinks the best way 
to please God is to torture himself and inflict all kinds of 
cruelties and suffering upon his body. Such a belief is 
very common in the world amongst those who do not 
know the ways of the true God! Still whilst it does not 
prove the truth of their belief, it manifests their sincerity 
in the faith they profess. 

In the days when the church of the Saints had departed 
from the knowledge of God, after the death of the Apos- 
tles, many believers in Christ, not knowing a better way, 
having no inspired men to teach them, strove to show 
their love for the gospel by abusing their bodies, or, as 
they called it, "mortifying the flesh." This was very 
wrong. The gospel teaches us to take care of our bodies, 
but they had fallen into darkness, and thought God would 
be well pleased if they inflicted pain and discomfort on 
themselves. Thus we read of some who would stand on 
one leg until it became rigid and would not move. Another 
built a pillar and got on the top of it, and there in sum- 
mer and winter, in cold and heat, in sunshine and storm, 
by day and by night he stood year after year until death 
brought him to earth again. Others hid themselves in 
dens and caves, went without sufficient food and clothing, 
tore themselves with spears or cut themselves with knives. 



\£>9 




J TT"V~ IE IsT I Hi IE I1TSTRTJCTOB 



zc 



'p* 



Just such people are the Hindoo Fakirs; they do these 
same foolish things with the same hope that it will please 
God. Jesus said: "If ye love me keep my command- 
ments," and he in no place tells his Saints to destroy the 
life God has given them; but to use it to the glory of His 
Father and their own salvation. 

The Abyssinians are also a strange people. Until the 
late war, when the armies of Great Britain penetrated 
their country, but little was known of them. Even now 
but little is known of their history. Some are Moham- 
medans, some Christians, but their Christianity is sadly 
mixed up with other kinds of religion, and is very differ- 
ent from any other sect of those who profess to be the fol- 
lowers of Christ. There are indeed many different tribes 
inhabiting Abyssinia; some resemble Arabs, some Negroes, 
some a cross between the two. In those parts nearest to 
Arabia, the people in looks and customs most resemble the 
Arabs, whilst the people of the interior highlands are 
nearer to the negro. 

Our engraving of a negro, shows one of a tribe where 
the features which distinguish this race are most marked. 
It Is the negro as he is in the wilds of central Africa, or 
in his most savage state in Angola, Loango, or the slave 
coast of Guinea. See how woolley is his hair, how black 
his skin, how thick his lips, how prominent his jaws! 
But the negro descendants of these races, who are born in 
America are a different kind of people; though their skin 
is still black and their hair still woolley. They are not 
such extraordinary looking people as this one must have 
been whose portrait we give. Many of the Negroes we 
come across have, unfortunately, white blood mixed with 
them, which to some extent changes their character and 
looks. 

We now come to America and to the native tribes who 
once owned this vast continent. To the Siouxs, the Utes, 
the Blackfeet, the Crows, the Pawnees, the Apaches, the 
Navajoes, and the thousand other tribes, the remnant of 
the once wise and beautiful portion of the house of Israel 
who filled this land; who built cities and reared temples, 
who cultivated the land and were blessed with the most 
precious things that grew on the earth or could be dugout 
of it. But they sinned, and as their Prophets foretold, 
they have become the wild, dirty Indians who saunter 
through our streets and beg for that for which they arc too 
idle to work. Still they are of the House of Israel, and 
when the times of the Gentiles are fulfilled, God will re- 
member them in mercy, and His blessing will be upon 
them, and they will be once more a white and lovely peo- 
ple, in whose midst prophets will dwell, and they will 
learn of the ways of the Lord and walk in his paths, and 
be mighty and powerful in the midst of mankind. 

One of our pictures shows the way, some two hundred 
years ago, the Dutch used to trade witli the Indians for 
the skins of the wild animals they slew in the chase. In 
those days the Indiana tilled the country on the Atlantic 
coast. To-day but very few are found east of the Missis- 
sippi Kiver. They have been driven gradually westward 
and westward, toward the setting sun, until there is 
scarcely a place found for them to pitch their wtckeups or 
bury their dead. The gentile and the stranger think they 
will soon be known no longer on the earth, that the Amer- 
ican Indian will he a being of the past. But it will not 
be so. The Houso of Israel is tenacious of life — the 
children of the covenant God made with Abraham, Isaac, 
Jacob and Joseph are hard to destroy, and like the Jews 
of the tribe of Judah, so the Lam an i tee or the tribe of 
Joseph, of his son- Bphraim and Afanassah, will live long 
1 * after their persecutors have perished. 
/JCf We will refer to one more cut and then close. It is of 
V» H another strange race, the Esquimaux. We have told you 



considerable of them lately, of their manners and cus- 
toms, their snow houses and their skin-covered canoes. 
They are a people different from all others; still, they are 
more like Chinese than any other race we have spoken of 
to-day. 

"With this we close, but will visit other lands some other 
day. G. R. 



C^XJEElsr FOR .A. IDJ^YT; OB 
THE ICHnTO-'S PAVOBITE. 

OF all my wives, said King Ninus to Semiramis, "it is 
you I love best. None have charms and graces like 
you, and for you I would willingly resign them all." 

"Let the King consider well what he says," replied 
Semiramis. "What if I were to take him at his word!" 

"Do so," replied the monarch, "while beloved by you I 
am indifferent to all others." 

"So then, if I ask it," said Semiramis, "you will banish 
all your other wives and love me alone? I should be alone 
your consort, the partaker of your power, and Queen of 
Assyria?" 

"Queen of Assyria! Are you not so already," said 
Ninus, "since you reign by your beauty over its King?" 

"No — no," answered his lovely mistress ; "I am at pre- 
sent only a slave whom you love. 1 reign not. I merely 
charm. When I give an order, you are consulted before I 
am obeyed." 

"And to reign then, you think so great a pleasure?" 

"Yes, to one who has never experienced it." 

"And do you wish then to experience it? Would you 
then like to "reign a few days in my stead?" 

"Take care, O King! do not offer too much." 

"No, I repeat it," said the monarch. Would you like, 
for one whole day to be sovereign mistress of Assyria? I f 
you would, I consent to it." 

"Will all which I command then be executed?" 

"Yes ; I will resign to you for one entire day, my power 
and my golden sceptre." 

"And when shall this be !" 

''To-morrow, if you like." 

"I do," said Semiramis; and she let her head fall upon 
the shoulder of the king, like a beautiful woman asking 
pardon for some caprice which has been yielded to. 

The next morning, Semiramis called her women and 
told them to dress her magnificently. On her head she 
wore a crown of precious stones, and appeared thus before 
Ninus, who enchanted with her beauty, ordered all the 
officers of the palace to assemble in the state chamber, and 
his golden sceptre to be brought from the treasury. He 
theu entered the chamber, leading Semiramis by the hand. 
All prostrated themselves before the aspect' of the King, 
who conducted Semiramis to the throne, and seated her 
upon it. Theu ordering the whole assembly to rise, he 
announced to the court that they were to obey during the 
whole day, Semiramis as himseif. So sayiug he took up 
the golden sceptre, and placed it in the hands of Semira- 
mis. 

"Queen," said he, "I commit to you the emblem of 
sacred power, take it, and command with sovereign 
authority. All here are your slaves, and I, myself, am 
nothing more than your servant for the whole of this day. 
Whoever shall he remiss in executing your order, let him 
be punished as if he had disobeyed the commands of the 
King." 

1 laving thus spoken, the King knelt down before Semi- 
ramis, who gave him with a smile her hand to kiss. The 
courtiers then passed in succession, each making oath to 
execute blindly the orders of Semiramis. When the cere- 
mony was finished, the King made her his compliments, 
and asked her how she had managed to go through with 
it with so grave and majestic an air. 

"While they were promising to obey me," said Semi- 
ramis. "I was thinking what I should command each of 
them to do. I have but one day of power, and I will 

employ it well." 

The King laughed at this. Semiramis appeared more 
piquant and amiable than ever. 

"Let us see," said the King, "bow you will continue 
your part. By what orders will you begin?" 



.^ge 



k1» 

9 



5^- 



JTJYBUILE IITSTRUCTOR, 




W 



"Let the secretary of the King approach my throne," 
said Semirarnis in a loud voice. 

The secretary approached ; two slaves placed a little 
table before him. 

"Write," said Semirarnis : "Under penalty of death, the 
governor of the citadel of Babylon is ordeved to yield up 
the command of the citadel to him who s.mll bear this 
order. Fold this order, seal it with the King's seal, and 
deliver to me this decree. Write now, 'Under penalty of 
death the governor of the slaves of the palace is ordered to 
resign the command of the slaves into the hands of the 
bearer of this order.'' Fold it, seal it with the King's seal, 
and deliver to me this decree. Write again: 'Under 
penalty of death, the general of the army encamped 
under the walls of Babylon is ordered to resign the com- 
mand of the army to him who shall be the bearer of this 
order.' Fold, seal, and deliver this decree to me." 

She took the orders thus dictated and put them in her 
bosom. The whole court was struck with consternation ; 
the King himself was surprised. 

"Listen," said Semirarnis, "In two hours hence let all 
the officers of the State come and offer me presents, as it 
is the custom on the accession of new princes, and let a 
festival for this evening be prepared. Now let all depart. 
Let my faithful servant Ninus alone remain, I have to 
consult him upon affairs of State." 

When all the rest had gone out-— "You see," said Semi- 
rarnis, "that I know how to play the queen." Ninus 
laughed. 

"My beautiful queen," said he, you play your part to 
astohishrnent. But if your servant may dare to question 
you, what would you do with the orders you have dic- 
tated?" 

"I should be no longer queen, were I obliged to give 
account of my actions. I have a vengeance to execute 
against three officers whom these orders menace." 

"Vengeance, and wherefore?" 

"The first, the governor of the citadel, is one-eyed and 
frightens me every time I meet him ; the second, the 
chief of the slaves, I hate because he threatens me with 
rivals ; the third the general of the army, deprives me too 
often of your company ; you are constantly in the camp. 
This reply, in which caprice and flattery were mingled, 
enchanted Ninus. 

"Good," said he laughing. "Here are three officers of 
the empire dismissed for very sufficient reasons." 

The gentlemen of the court now came to present their 
gifts to the Queen. Some precious stones, others, of a 
lower rank, flowers and fruits and the slaves, having 
nothing to give, gave nothing. Among these last were 
three young brothers who had come from Caucasus with 
Semirarnis, and rescued the caravan, in which the women 
were, from an enormous tiger. When they passed the 
throne. 

"And you," said she to the three brothers, "have you 
no present to make your queen?" 

"No other," replied the first, Zophire, "than my life to 
defend her." 

"None other," replied the second, Artaban, "than my 
sabre against her enemies." 

"None other," replied the third, Assar, "than the res- 
pect and admiration which her presence inspires." 

"Slaves," said Semirarnis, "it is you who have made me 
the most valuable presents of the whole court, and I will 
not be ungrateful. You who have offered me your sword 
against my enemies, take this order and carry it to the 
general of the army that is encamped under the walls of 
Babylon, give it to him, and see what he will do for you. 
You who have offered your life for my defense, take this 
order to the governor of the citadel, and see what he will 
do for you. And you, who have offered me the admira- 
tion and respect which my presence inspires, take this 
order to the commandant of the palace, and see what will 
be the result." 

Never had Semirarnis displayed so much gayety, and so 
much folly, and so much grace, and never was Ninus so 
captivated. Nor were her charms lessened in his eyes, 
when a slave, not having executed properly an insignifi- 
cant order, she commanded his head to be struck off, 
which was immediately done. 

Without bestowing a thought on this trivial matter, 
Ninus, still continued to converse with Semirarnis till the 
evening and the fete arrived. When she entered the 



saloon which had been prepared for the occasion, a slave 
brought her a plate in which was the head of the decapi- 
tated eunuch. 

"Tis' well," said she, after having examined it. "Place 
it on a stake in the court of the palace, that all may see it, 
and be you there on the spot to proclaim to every one that 
the man to whom this head belongs lived three hours ago, 
but having disobeyed my will, his head was separated 
from his body." 

The fete was magnificent ; a sumptuous banquet was 
prepared in the gardens, and Semirarnis received the 
homage of all with a grace, dignity, and majesty perfectly 
regal ; she continually turned to and conversed with 
Ninus, rendering him the most distinguished honor. 

"You are a foreign king come to visit me in my palace; 
I must make your visit agreeable to you." 

Shortly after the banquet was served, Semirarnis con- 
founded and reversed all ranks. Ninus was placed at the 
bottom of the table. He was the first to laugh at this 
caprice ; and the court following his example, allowed 
themselves to be placed, without murmuring, according 
to the will of the queen. She seated near herself the 
three brothers from the Caucasus. 

"Are my orders executed?" she demanded of them. 

"Yes," they replied. 

The fete was very gay. A slave, having by force of 
habit, served the King first, Semirarnis had him beaten 
with rods. His cries mingled with the laughter of the 
guests. Every one was inclined to merriment. It was a 
comedy in which each one played a part. Toward the 
end of the repast, when wine had added to the general 
gayety, Semirarnis arose from her elevated seat and said: 
"My lord, the treasurer of the empire has read me a list of 
those who this morning have brought me their gifts of 
congratulation on my joyful accession to the throne. One 
grandee alone of the court has failed to bring his gift." 

"Who is he?" cried Ninus. "He must be punished 
severely." 

"It is yourself, my lord— you who speak. What have 
you given to the queen this morning?" 

Ninus rose and came with a smiling countenance to 
whisper something in the ear of the queen. "The queen 
is insulted by her servant," exclaimed Semirarnis. 

"I embrace your knees to obtain my pardon. Pardon 
me, beautiful queen," said he, "pardon me," And he 
added in a lower tone, "I would that this fete wero finish- 
ed." 

"You wish, then, that I should abdicate?" said Semira- 
rnis. "But no— I have still two hours to reign," and at 
the same time she withdrew her hand which the king 
was covering with kisses. "I pardon not," said she, in a 
loud voice, "such an insult on the part of a slave. Slave, 
prepare thyself to die." 

"Silly child that thou art," said Ninus, still on his knees; 
"yet I give way to thy folly, but patience, thy reign will 
soon be over." 

"You will not then be angry," said she in a whisper, 
"at something I am going to order at this moment?" 

"No," said he. 

"Slaves," said she aloud, "seize this man— that Ninus!" 

Ninus, smiling, put himself into the hands of the slaves. 

"Take him out of the saloon, lead him into the court of 
the seraglio, prepare everything for his death, and await 
my orders." 

The slaves obeyed and Ninus followed them laughing, 
into the court of the seraglio. They passed by the head 
of the disobeying eunuch. Then Semirarnis placed herself 
on a balcony. Ninus had suffered his hands to be tied. 

"Hasten to the fortress, Zophire; you to the camp, 
Artaban ; Assar, do you secure all the gates in the pal- 

These orders were given in a whisper, and executed 
immediately; 

"Beautiful queen," said Ninus, laughing, "this comedy 
only wants its denouement, pray let it be a prompt one." 

"I will," said Semirarnis. "Slaves, recollect the eunuch 
—strike!" 

They struck. Ninus had hardly time to utter a cry, 
when his head fell upon the pavement ; the smile was on 
his lips. 

"Now T am Queen of Assyria!" exclaimed Semirarnis, 
"and perish every one like the eunuch and like Ninus, 
who dare disobey my orders." 



1* 



ISO 



JTJYEITILE IUSTRTJCTOB. 



•^g§ 



%J\t SaNutle ittsfutufoiu 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY', NOVEMBER 12, 18-70. 

EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




OME sickness is generally thought to be a 
short-lived feeling, which fades away -when 
the person having it goes among novel 
scenes and lively acquaintances. In many 
cases, however, it becomes a real sickness, 
which nothing will cure but to return to 
the land for which the sickness is felt. It 
is said that soldiers and sailors, as a class, 
^" are more generally observed to suffer under 
the worst forms of this complaint than any 
others, it frequently spreading among them as 
cholera or any other disease would among a 
company of men. A whole company or crew 
have been known to sink into utter inaction 
and depression because of this disease. To 
guard against such results it has been found neces- 
sary in the French army to give orders that any 
soldier suffering from a serious attack of home- 
sickness shall be returned to his home for cure. 
I here have been cases also known, among the slaves of the 
W est India Islands, of this disease spreading to such an ex- 
tent that numbers of them hung themselves to branches of 
trees surrounding the plantations. It is the fruitful cause of 
desertions of soldiers, and it is said that the French army of 
the Rhine, during the campaign of the First Napoleon, lost 
hundreds and thousands of men from that cause alone. The 
statistics of the French army state, that between the years 
ISl'O and lSL'tl, ninety soldiers died from this sickness. 

The people of mountainous countries are. more subject to 
"home-sickness" than the inhabitants of other lands. The 
Scotch Highlander is affected by it, and the Swiss are so liable 
to be home-sick, that a tune called the "Jianz des Vaches" a 
tune of which they are very fond, and which recalls tu their 
memories their native land, is forbidden in the bands of the 
French army, in which army the Swiss in large numbers eu- 
listed in former years. When the Swiss soldiers heard this 
tnne they would burst into tears, cast themselves upon the 
ground and give way to the most uncontrollable grief. 

The people of the United States are, probably, less subject 
to this sickness than those <>f any other land. This arises 
from the fact that they move about so much from place to 
place. We think, however, thai the inhabitants of these val- 
leys will be more affected by the "sickness" than they would 
be if they lived in a prairie country. The writer of this lived 
in this valley the first two years of its settlement, and he be- 
came so attached to it, that, lor the first year after leaving it, 
lie could scarcely think .about home without shedding tears. 
We have noticed also that the yearning for home on the pari 
of the Klders who go away is xrvy great; and the health of 
many fails. This i- frequently attributed to the climate of the 
country to which they go; but we think there is another cause 
which partly produces this result, and that is home sickness. 



IN another column will be found an account of Semiramis, 
1 Queen of Assyria, tin' manner in which she was made 



1 "Queen for a Day," and the use to which she put her power. 
In publishing this story we do not endorse the truthfulness of 
all the incidents described, nor the language used. But the 
fact that such a personage existed between one and two 
thousand years before the coming of Jesus, and that she was 
Queen of Assyria, cannot be denied. There are many tradi- 
tions concerning her which have come down to our day, some 
of which are doubtless fables. According to one of these she 
was the wife of Onnes, one of the generals and friends of 
Ninus, King of Assyria, and accompanied her husband in the 
expedition against Baetra. The siege of that place had lasted 
for a long time, and without much prospect of success, when 
Semiramis planned a method of taking the city by carrying 
the citadel, and led the assault in person. Ninus, attracted by 
her beauty and corn-age, made her his wife. On this occasion, 
it is said, Onnes destroyed himself. By Ninus, Semiramis 
had a son named Ninyas. From Ninus she is said to have ob- 
tained the right to govern Asia for five days, and during that 
time made use of her power to imprison and destroy him. 

Traditions say that her reign was a very glorious one; she 
far surpassed the kings who were before her and who came 
after her. She is said to have built numerous cities, and to 
have erected magnificent works all over her kingdom. She 
formed a lake to receive the overflow of the river Euphrates, 
laid out a great park near Mount Bagistan, and built and ad- 
orned the city of Babylon. She also carried on numerous 
wars, subdued Egypt and a great part of Ethiopia, and made 
war on an Indian king named Stabrobates. She was success- 
ful at first, but was finally defeated and wounded, and made 
her escape to her own country; soon after her return she was 
put to death by her son Ninyas. 

Whether this was her fate or not, cannot be proved by his- 
tory. One tradition says she was killed in the battle with 
Stabrobates; another says that, after reigning forty-two years, 
she gave up her kingdom to her son, and vanished from the 
earth. It is probable, however, that she was killed by her 
son. 




WE arc anxious to have the Juvenile Instructor more 
widely circulated than it is at present. It should be in 
every family circle. Every child in this Territory who can 
read should have the opportunity of conning its pages, and 
gathering therefrom the lessons which it teaches. There arc 
many grown people who tell us they peruse it with interest and 
profit. In order that it may be more easily obtained, and bo 
placed within the reach of a larger number of readers, we have 
concluded to reduce the price of the coining volume. The 
subscription for the year will be two dollars and a half; and, in 
addition to this, where cash is paid in advance, we will make a 
'liberal discount. This, we hope, will increase the number of 
subscribers. The idea has been suggested of publishing ad- 
vertisements in the JUVENILE LNSTRUCTOE. This would 
enable us to sell the paper at lower rates; for advertisements 
would assist in paying the expense of publishing. But we arc 
averse to admitting them into these columns. If we should 
be compelled to do so, to sustain the paper, then it- will be 
time enough to think about it. 

We trust our friends in the various settlements will do all 
they can to obtain for our little sheet a wide and extensive cir- 
culation. We arc aware that the paper has many shortcom- 
ings; but we arc ilesirous of correcting these as fast as we can. 
We shall always feel obliged to those who will give us sugges- 
tion^ that will help us to make the paper a more perfect one. 
Correspondence, also, adapted to its columns, will always be 

welcome. 

Our traveling agent will soon visit the most of the settle- 
ments North and South; be prepared with your subscriptions 
when In- arrives, and should any of the Wards or Settlements 
not In- visited in time, we hope they will send in their orders to 
this Office and they will receive prompt attention. 




J TJ "V" IE 1ST I L IE IUSTRUCTOB. 



^>/i 



181 



WE read the other day of a strange prayer, which a Scotch 
Minister in Glasgow, was in the habit of offering when 
praying in his congregation, about public affairs. It was at 
the time of the long war between Great Britain and Louis the 
XIV of France. He besought the Lord to take the tyrant of 
Prance, aud shake him over the mouth of Hell; "But, good 
Lord," added he, "Duma let Mm fa' in." 

-MZISSI03ST7LK.-2- SKETCHES. 



TN 1857, James Buchanan, who was then President of 
-*- the United States, sent an army to this Territory, for 
the purpose, it was said, of punishing the Mormons for 
breaking the laws aud doing violence to the Judges who 
had been sent here. This was the excuse given for the 
army being sent ; but the people of the Territory had not 
violated the laws nor done any injury to any of the offi- 
cers of the government; they were then, as they ever 
have been, peaceable and law abiding. The real object of 
sending the troops here, was to crush out what the world 
called "Mormonism." The principal men who urged the 
sending of troops here, were traitors in their hearts against 
the government, and they hoped by taking these steps to 
divert the attention of the country from their own wicked 
schemes; and also, to get the army of the United States 
out of the way by having it sent to this distant region. 
By|accomplishing this, they thought they could operate to 
advantage in bringing about their own designs. 

The army was kept out at Fort Bridger all that winter, 
and many of the officers and soldiers were very angry 
because they could not come into our oities and enjoy 
themselves at our expense. 

When it was found that the army was marching here, 
and there was likely to be trouble, the elders in Europe 
and in the United States were re-called ; but feeling? ran 
so high in the United States against our people that it 
was somewhat dangerous for a man to travel and be 
known as a Mormon. On the plains there were men on 
the watch for every one bearing the name of Latter-day 
Saint, 

It was under these circumstances that the elders 
assembled at the frontiers to return home. One hundred 
and ten of them crossed the Missouri river in the begin- 
ning of May, 1858, at the point formerly known as Winter 
Quarters; at present it is called Florence. They were 
anxious to get home, some of them having been absent a 
year and others having been absent for three or four years. 
There were, in reality, two companies; one composed of 
elders returning from the United States and Canada, 
Elder David Briuton being their Captain, and the elders 
returning from Europe; who had Elder John W. Berry 
as their captain. It was deemed advisable, however, in 
view of the troubled and uncertain state of affairs, for 
both companies to travel together. The writer was in the 
company of elders returning from the United States, 
where he had been on a mission for upwards of three 
years. We had heard of several of our brethren being- 
taken by the army and held under threats, and we knew 
not what our fate would be were the soldiers to get us in 
their power; for they accused every Latter-day Saint of 
treachery to our government while they themselves were 
in reality the traitors as the subsequent careers of many 
of them fully proved. Many thought that, as the roads 
were all blocked, and carefully watched by the troops, 
when we came in the vicinity of the army, we would be 
under the necessity of burning or abandoning our wagons 
and everything that we could not pack on our animals. 
Among the brethren was a man whose name was Pope ; 
he had a wife and two or three small children. They 



were very anxious to accompany us, and, although the 
perils wewere about to encounter were of a serious nature, 
they could not be induced by anything that could be said 
to them to remain behind. A council of the elders was 
held upon their case, and it was agreed to permit Brother 
Pope to accompany us, as well as four brethren who pro- 
posed walking the entire distance to the valley. It was a 
time that required faith to be exercised, for the affairs of 
the Saints were in a critical condition. We knew, how- 
ever, that God had delivered us when we had relied upon 
him, aud we united with great zeal in imploring His 
blessing that He would over-rule everything in such a 
manner that we could return in safety to the society of 
our families and friends. 

After leaving Winter Quarters we travelled on without 
interruption until we drew near to Fort Kearney. Our 
road was on the north side of the Platte, and Fort Kear- 
ney was on the south side. There were troops at the 
Fort, and they were on the alert to prevent companies of 
men or any kind of aid passing over the road to help the 
"Mormons" in Utah ; for they pretended to look upon our 
people as public enemies. It was our custom at such 
times to hold a council, and take into consideration the 
best course to pursue. The elders all came together and 
we prayed to the Lord, and asked him to bestow upon us 
His Holy Spirit and to lead and guide us in our operations. 
When we unitedly decided in council upon pursuing a 
certain course we always felt that that was the mind and 
will of the Lord unto us. It was decided at this council 
that we should avoid attracting the attention of the people 
of the fort by passing it iu the night. Unfortunately, as 
it seemed at the time, it rained heavily that evening and 
we were only able to travel until a little past midnight. 
By that time .ourselves and animals were so thoroughly 
fatigued aud the night was so dark that we were com- 
pelled to stop and 1 tie up for the night. Our reflections 
were not very pleasant, because we knew that when 
morning dawned upon us we would be in full sight of the 
fort, aud would undoubtedly receive a visit from the offi- 
cers and troops. We awoke with the dawn of day, and 
instead of being able to see the fort, or its occupants being 
able to see us, we found our camp enveloped in a fog, the 
mist being so dense that it was with difficulty we could 
see each other. We travelled on in the fog until after- 
noon, by which time we were out of sight of the fort. 

After leaving this point we had plenty of game, buffalo, 
antelope, &c, aud we were able to obtain an abundance of 
fresh meat, which made this part of the journey exceed- 
ingly pleasant ; for though iu an Indian country, we had 
not the fear of the wild and savage red men that we had 
of those of our own color, who professed to be the loyal 
citizens of our Government. As we approached the junc- 
tion of the North and South Platte, a herd of mules passed 
us ; they were being driven ill the direction of Fort Lara- 
mie and were travelling at a much faster gait than we 
were going. The men who were driving them saw us, 
and we fully expected that they would carry the intelli- 
gence to the fort of our being close by. It was known 
that "Mormon" elders were returning to the valley, and 
the military were prepared to stop them, or to otherwise 
interfere with them. When within half a day's travel of 
Fort Laramie, auother council was called to take iuto con- 
sideration the best course to pursue. We settled the mat- 
ter by determining to rest on Sunday, rise early the fol- 
towing morning and pass the fort in daylight, as we felt 
satisfied the troops were informed of our approach by the 
men who had just passed us. Monday was a beautiful 
day ; we travelled along without interruption untii we 
came in sight of the fort, which was about one o'clock, 
when one of the severest hailstorms any of us had eve r 



^ 







9E 



IT 

18S 



JUYEl^ILE IITSTBUCTOR, 



seen broke upon us. The bail fell so rapidly that our 
animals could scarcely travel on account of their feet ball- 
ing up with it. Our train had been seen from the fort, 
and parties had started to meet us ; but when the storm 
broke upon them, they were compelled to retreat to their 
quarters. The storm was too severe for them to remain 
out in it. I learned afterwards that when the storm 
ceased a company of men had been sent from Fort Lara- 
mie to overtake us. They followed us as far as the North 
Platte bridge, and not being able to reach us at this point, 
they deemed it best to return again to the fort. We were 
not aware of this at the time ; but having travelled leisure- 
ly from Kearney to Laramie, our animals were in much 
better condition than when we started; and feariug that 
the people at Laramie might make some attempt to stop 
us, we made forced drives until we reached Independence 
Rock on the Sweetwater. Thus the Lord again delivered 
us from the hands of our enemies in a most providential 
manner ; for had it not been for this hailstorm it is alto- 
gether likely we would have been stopped. 



Si«g**jt1it< 



joseifh: smith, tike 




ffl 



tN that occasion President Brigham 
Young seemed to be transformed, and 
a change such as that we read of in 
the scriptures as happening to the pro- 
phet Elisha, when Elijah was trans- 
lated in his presence, seemed to have 
taken place with him. The mantle of 
the prophet Joseph had been left for 
him. You recollect that when Elijah, 
the prophet, was taken away, his man- 
tle fell from him, and it was taken up by 
Elisha. He came to the river Jordan and 
he smote the waters, and they parted hither 
and thither. And when the sons of the pro- 
phets saw him, they said, "the spirit of 
Elijah doth re«t on Elisha," and they paid 
him honor, and acknowledged him as their 
prophet and leader. So with President Brig- 
ham Young upon this occasion ; the people said 
one to another, "the spirit of Joseph rests upon Brigham;" 
they knew that he was the man chosen to lead them, and 
tliey honored him accordingly. In his remarks to the 
congregation he alluded to the fact that instead of himself 
and brethren finding them mourning the death of their 
great leader, as Israel did the departure of Moses, they 
found them holding meetings to choose his successor. But 
if they wished to obtain the mind and will of the Lord 
concerning this subject, why did they not meet according 
t<> the order, and have a General Assembly of the several 
quorums, which constitute the spiritual authorities of the 
church, a tribunal from whose decisions there was no ap- 
peal? In a moment, the few words he spoke upon this 
subject threw a flood of light upon it. The elders re- 
membered then the proper order. He desired to see an 
Assembly of the quorums at two o'clock that afternoon, 
every quorum in its place and order, and a general meet- 
ing also of the members. 

The tones of his voice, his appearance, everything he 
said and the spirit which accompanied his words, con- 



vinced the people that the leader whom God had selected 
to guide them stood before them. He was the master 
spirit on the occasion; and then, and afterwards in the 
following meeting, Sidney Rigdon was as ignorant as a 
child might be in the presence of a wise and experienced 
man. There was a power, an influence and a wisdom mani- 
fested with which he could not cope. Probably no few words 
that were ever uttered by aservantof God gavegreater relief 
and satisfaction than those spoken that morning by 
President Young; for at no other period in the history of 
the Church had the people beheld such a crisis. As far as 
our observation went, (we were only a boy at the time,) 
the people were divided into three classes from the time 
of the death of Joseph up to this meeting of which we 
speak. One class felt clearly and understanding^ that 
President Brigham Young was the man whose right it 
was to preside, he being the President of the Twelve 
Apostles, and that body being, through the death of Joseph 
and Hyrum, the presiding quorum in the Church. 
Another class were not quite clear as to who would be 
called to preside; but they felt very certain that Sidney 
Rigdon was not the man. They did not believe that God 
would choose a coward and a traitor to lead His people, to 
both of which characters they believed Rigdon had a 
claim. The third class, and we think its members were 
few, was composed of those who had no clear views one 
way or the other. They were undecided in their feelings. 

From this third class Rigdon afterwards drew away a 
few persons. They were ready to deny the faith and to 
forsake the truth, and, of course, were fit subjects for him 
to deceive. But the Latter-day Saints are a people of too 
positive a character to furnish many members to a class 
like this third of which we speak. Their views upon all 
subjects which are brought to their attention, and in 
which they have an interest, are very decided, the most 
so probably of any other people on the earth, and espec- 
ially so where they are faithful to the duties of their re- 
ligion. 

With very few exceptions, then, the people returned to 
their homes from that meeting filled with great rejoicing. 
All uncertainty and anxiety were removed. They had 
heard the voice of the shepherd, and they knew it. 

In the afternoon the people were on the ground punctu- 
ally at the time appointed. The several quorums were 
organized on and around the stand according to order. 
After the meeting was opened President Young arose and 
addressed the people. A synopsis of his remarks is pre- 
served — we had no short-hand reporters then — and as they 
are so interesting we give that synopsis in full, premising, 
however, that it does not do him the justice which a full 
report of his remarks would have done: 

"Attention all ! This congregation makes me think of the 
days of king Benjamin, the multitude being so great that all 
could not hear. I request the brethren not to have any feel- 
ings for being convened this afternoon, for it is necessary; we 
want you all to be still and give attention, that all may hear. 
Let none complain because of the situation of the congrega- 
tion, we will do the best we can. 

"For the first time in my life, for the first time in your lives, 
for the first time in the kingdom of God in the 19th century, 
without a Prophet at our head, do I step forth to act in my 
calling in connection with the CJuorum of the Twelve, as 
Apostles of Jesus Christ unto this generation — Apostles whom 
God has called by revelation through the Prophet Joseph, who 
are ordained and anointed to bear oil' tho keys of the king- 
dom of God in all the world. 

"This people have hitherto walked by sightand not by faith. 
You have had tho Prophet in yoxir midst. Do you all un- 
derstand? You have walked by sight and without much 
pleading to the Lord tu know whether things were right or 
not. 

"Heretofore you have had a Prophet as the mouth of the 
Lord to speak to you, but he has sealod his testimony with 
his blood, and now, for tho first time, are you cUled to walk 
by faith, not by sight. 



83fe* 




>^ 



cr tj "v ~m nsr x l e iitsts/Uctor, 



183 



f$ 



"The first position I take in behalf of the Twelve and the 
people is, to ask a few questions. I ask the Latter-day Saints , 
I)o you, as individuals, at this time, want to choose a Prophet 
ora guardian? Inasmuch as our Prophe'. and Patriarch are 
taken from our midst, do you want some one to guard, to 
guide and lead you through this world into the kingdom of 
God or not? All that want some person to be a guardian or a 
Prophet, a spokesman or something else, signify it by raising 
the right hand. (No votes). 

"When I came to this Stand I bad peculiar feelings and im- 
pressions. The faces of this people seem to say, We want a 
shepherd to guide and lead us through this world. All that 
want to draw away a party from the Church after them, let 
them do it if they can, but they will not prosper. 

"If any man thinks he has influenee among this people to 
lead away a party, let him try it, and he will find out that 
there is power with the Apostles which will carry them off 
victorious through all the world, and build up and defend the 
Church and kingdom of God. 

"What do the people want? I feel as though I wanted the 
privilege to weep and mourn for thirty days at least, then rise 
up, shake myself, aud tell the people what the Lord wants of 
them; although my heart is too full of mourning to launch 
forth into business transactions and the organization of the 
Church, I feel compelled this day to step form in the discharge 
of those duties God has placed upon me. 

"I now wish to speak of the organization of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. If the Church is organized, 
and you want to know how it is organized, I will tell you. I 
know your feelings — do you want me to tell your ieelings? 

"Here is President Rigdon, who was counsellor to Joseph. 
I ask, where are Joseph and Hyrum ? They are gone beyond 
the vail; and if Elder Rigdon wants to act as his counsellor, 
he must go beyond the vail where he is. 



[For the Juvenile flint ruct or. 



§>\mi%%x\k ot Ubmwtut ^Ttittit^ 



Q / XJA.K,TZ-^ n IL.I2SrT. 



IT is not intended to enquire into the nature of minerals 
now, only so far as relates to their chemical formula, 
and as may enable the young student to identify a few of 
the common rocks. Already the nature of silica has been 
briefly reviewed when treating on silicon. When that 
element combines with oxygen in the proportion of one 
atom^of silicon, to two of oxygen (Si 20) silicic acid or 
silica is formed. Silica, in a pure state, is the very abund- 
ant mineral quartz, which, with its varieties constitute 
the largest part of the surface rocks of the earth. Impure 
varieties, that is, silica in combination with any other 
element, or elements, are known by specific names, and 
are combined with variable quantities of iron, alumina, 
manganese, or other elements. 

The mode of formation also gives rise to different ap- 
pearances in minerals, the constituents of which are the 
same in kind; hence names are used to distinguish them 
that have no relation to their chemical form. Generally, 
however, we may group the most prominent varieties of 
quartz into the transparent, chalcedonic and jaspery 
kinds. Quartz crystals are now abundant among us, some 
of them are very transparent and beautiful, these were 
known as rock crystal by the ancients. There is the pur- 
ple, or bluish violet kind, called 'amethyst;' this, when 
compact aud free from flaws, is used for jewels; it is silica 
colored by oxide of manganese, or else by iron and soda. 
There is the "false topaz," this has a peculiar lustre, is 
sometimes yellow in color, and is much prized when 
large; vases and trinkets of great value are made, and 
were anciently of this variety. Then there is the "cairn- 
gorm," a Scotch pebble, sometimes of great value; a kind 



that is not so clear, 
Smoky appearance, 



often found of very large 
but very lustrous on the 



size, of 
surface. 



These are used for broaches and to ornament the dirks 
and other weapons that are parts of the national dress of 
distinguished personages in the Highlands of Scotland. 
There are also other transparent kinds. Then there are 
the semi-transparent, or, more properly, the trans-lucent 
varieties, many of which resemble wax in their lustre. 
The true chalcedony is of one color, frequently approach- 
ing milk white in color; cornelian is a reddish kind of 
chalcedony; when of a clear bright tint it is used for seals, 
rings and other jewelry; it is colored by oxide of iron, 
the color of which is intensified by baking in clay pots, 
to increase the oxidation of the iron. Agate is a variety 
of chalcedony, it may occur in bands of different colors, 
with dendritic or tree-like markings, it is called "moss 
agate" or Mocha stone. The German moss agates are the 
best varieties. When the bands of agate are very thin 
and well defined, it is called "onyx;" when the bands are 
red and white only, it is called "sardonyx;" when colored 
apple-green (by oxide of nickel) it is called chrysophrase, 
a very beautiful variety that is found in our valleys. Flint 
is a kind that is very opaque, dull in color, usually grey, 
smoky-brown or brownish-black. A kind of flint is 
found here that greatly resembles chalcedony; the ancient 
Indians used this variety for their arrow-heads. Of the 
jaspers there are many varieties, they are opaque, dull 
red, yellow, brown or green; they have little or no beauty 
until polished. When the colors are arranged in bands 
they are called "riband jasper;" when the bands are in 
rings, "Egyptian jasper." All these kinds are colored 
by oxide of iron. A green kind with red spots is called 
"heliotrope" or "bloodstone;" this is used for seals 
and finger rings. Silicified wood is found at times com- 
pletely changed into jasper by silica, this is called "jasper 
wood" or "silicified wood." * 

Quartz occurs in other forms, it is a constituent of 
granite and many other rocks; when water enters into 
union with it, chemically, it forms opal, which is of the 
nature of chalcedony. 

It may appear strange to the young student that water 
can combine with silica and become hard like flint, but 
it does do so; even the jewel opal, so greatly prized for its 
beauty, and frequently of great value, is nothing but flint 
and water colored by iron, potash and soda. 

Sometimes quartz crystals are found of great size, foreign 
substances entering into solution with the silica before 
crystalization, give rise to the differences of color and 
even to the shape. Pure silica crystalizes in prisms of a 
form peculiar to itself; when containing oxides of metals 
silica shapes itself differently, hence miners can judge 
frequently of the character of rocks by the quartz crystals 
pendant from them. These crystals are frequently in- 
crusted with oxides; the incrustation may be removed by 
a solution of hydrochloric (muriatic) acid. The quartz is 
not acted upon by acids; it is only soluble in alkalies. It 
is a necessary ingredient in the manufacture of glass and 
porcelain; it is used in smelting ores, and, as sand, is used 
with lime to form mortar. Quartz is a hard substance, 
little liable to decomposition, for the reason that it is satu- 
rated with oxygen; it is a burnt compound; oxygen is the 
great consumer that, by oxidation, has formed the crust 
of the earth! Beth. 



A iircniTEn lamp is a very small thing, and it burns 
calmly and without noise ; yet it gives light, to all that 
are in the house. And so there is a quiet influence which, 
like the flame of a lamp, fills many a home with light. 
"Let your light so shine before men that they may see 
your good works, and glorify your Father which is in 
Heaven." 



,K 




5^ 



184 



JUTEITILE IITSTETJCTOB. 



riginal JUufrfj. 



^IG-IHIT ^ZEsTID AAZZROZLSTGr, 



Air.— "WiJow Macliree.' 



If you'll pay attention I'll sing you a song, 

Young folks! listen to me. 
I'll tell you what's right, and I'll tel. you what's wrong, 
Young folks! listen to irje. 
It is right (warm or cool) 
To attend Sunday School 
And observe every rule 

Which our teachers decree. 
But 'tis wrong, girls and boys, 
To be making a noise, 

Young folks! listen to me. 

Obedience to parents all children should learn, 

Young folks ! listen to me. 
For children expect to lie parents in turn, 

Young folks! listen to me. 
It is right to obey 
That is, do what they say 
And in every way 

Ever dutiful be; 
But 'tis wrong to object 
And their teachings neglect, 

Young folks ! listen to me. 

To be strictly honest, of course, we should strive, 
Young folks! listen to me. 
For honesty is the most likely to thrive, 

Young folks ! listen to me. 
It is right to be just 
And e'er true to our trust 
For a reckoning must 

At some future time be. 
But it is wrong to steal 
Or to cheat when we dea 1 , 

Young folks! listen to me. 

In all that we say, we should keep to the fact, 

Young folks! listen to mo. 
Nor try to deceive by a word or an act, 

Young folks! listen to me. 
It is right that aged and youth 
Should speak nought but the truth 
Though against us, forsooth, 

It may happen to be. 
But 'tis wrong to tell lies, 
Or the facta to disguise, 

Young folks! listen to mo. 

A pleasing behavior, we should cultivate, 

Young folks! listen to me. 
Good manners will, doubtless, good feelings create, 
Young folks! listen to me. 
We all know it is right 
To be civil, polite, 
And courteous quite 

Wheresoever we be. 
But 'tis wrong to intrude 
To be vulgar or rude, 

Young folks I listen to me. 

Profane or foul languago wo never should use, 

Young f ilks ! listen to me. 
But words that are proper and chaito we Bbould choose, 
Young folks ! listen to me. 
It is right, I am Bare, 
If good frieuds we'd secure 






That our speech should be pure 

And from filthy words free. 
But 'tis wrong I declare 
To revile, curse, or swear, 

Young folks! listen to me. 

There's one Word of Wisdom we all should observe, 

Young folks ! listen to me. 
If our wisdom and strength we'd increase and preserve, 
Young folks! listen to me. 
It is right to abstain 
From strong drinks (that is plain) 
And tobacco again 

Also coffee and tea. 
But 'tis wrong to give way 
To excess, night or day, 

Young folks ! listen to me. 

Give heed to the precept which tells us to "Do, 

Young folks ! listen to me — 
To others as you'd have them do unto you." 

Young folks ! listen to me. 
It is right to be kind 
And to do good inclined, 
Then a pure love will bind 

Us in true unity. 
But 'tis wrong to nurse hate 
And ill-feeling create, 

Young folks ! listen to me. 

Much more I might mention of right and of wrong, 

Young folks! listen to me. 
But I think I've told you enough for one song, 

Young folks ! listen to me. 
It is right I should seize 
A few moments like these, 
To instruct while I please 

Those who listen to me. 
But I know 'twould be wrong 
To detain you too long, 

Young folks ! so let it be. 
Provo City, Oct. 27th 1870. 

Henry Maiben. 



The man who never fails is a myth. Suoh a one never 
lived, and is never likely to. All success is a series of 
efforts, in which, when closely viewed, are seen more or 
less failures. The mountain is apt to overshadow the hill, 
but the hill is a reality nevertheless. If you fail now and 
then, therefore do not be discouraged. 



When a man desires to sleep, he desires to hear no 
noise; so when a man doth desire to sleep in sin, lie 
desires not to hear the voice of grace disturbing him ; and 
the devil, like a diligent chamberlain, draweth the cur- 
tains of darkness and security about hiin. 



Little local noises deaden the loudest distant ones; 
and so it is, that this world shuts out from the ears of 
men, as it does, the voice of Almighty God. 



BE always at liberty to do good ; never make business 
an excuse to decline the office of humanity. 



vJtj-^teitiiljU insrsTiR/crcTOiR, 

republished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKUY OTIIKB SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &" PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $3 00. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50. 

*a- Grain Iirnnjlit to tliin city for the .Titvenim'. Instructor will be 
received at the office of our paper— D£S1cukt News lien-niNos. 




