

.- ... VJJ, - 




An illustrated Masax^ e 



DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. 

^ 7 George Q. Cannon, Editor. 





^m^sism' 



^VOLUME NINETEEN, s© 



OR THE 



EAR 






Published by George Q. Cannon. 

AT SAuT LAKE CITY, U. T. 



'3i*^;^S0v% sS^Sy} ffice < Soutn Temple St., between First and Second West Sts 







% 



Digitized by the Internet Archive 

in 2011 with funding from 

Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 



http://www.archive.org/details/juvenileinstruct191geor 



COUTEITTS. 



Anecdote of Duelling 8 

Admiral Blake Among the Pirates 78 

Answer to Prayer 116 

Ancient History, A Glimpse of 202 

Arctic Ocean, In the 225 

American Antiquities 222, 235, 250 

All Can Succeed 231 

Ancient Mythology, Outline of 274 

Advantages of the Youth of Zion 283 

Arabs, The 320 

Araucanian=, The 343 

"And They Were Speechless" 358 

Archer Fish, The 378 

Bern Fair, A 30 

Books that Tell the Truth 159 

Best Policy, The 210 

"Bearding the Lion in his Den" 227 

Buried Alive 277 

Beauties of the Gospel — Introduction, 287; 299; How the 
Gospel can be Demostrated, 315; The Object of the 
Gospel, 333; Inspiration Necessary, 338; Benefits of 
Obedience the Gospel, 361; Its Perfction — Conclusion, 
373 

Being Lost in the Forrest 297, 313, 329, 339 

Boy and the Birds Nest, The 311 

Butter Lion, The 325 

Banks 353 

Bit of News, A 355 

Boy's Leisure Moments 373 

Chapter for the Little Ones 14, 46, 52, 74, 84, 109, 135 

Co-operation 29 

Clock- Work of the Brain, The 31 

Covenant-Breaking 102 

Capacity of the Mind 119 

Choice of Books in Reading 127 

Cologne Chathedral, The 129 

Central Asia, A Reminiscence of 131 

Cap'ain Cook 137 

Charade 160. 208 

Cleanse the Skin 163 

Colossus of Rhodes 201 

Copyist of the Middle Ages, A 257 

Correspondence 295 

Correct Government 301 

Cast a Line for Yourself 320 

Chinese Funerals 321 

Christmas Story, A 302 

D. S. S. Union Meeting 11, 47, 83, 101, 198, 219 
D. S. S. Union, Statistical Report of the 183 
D. S. S. Union, Historical Review of the 317, 322, 3-16 
Dialogue IS 
Desires 56 
Dream, A 95 
Divine Retribution 98 
Does it Pav to do Wrong 140 
Drink Did it 185 
Dying Request, A 206 
' Dove, The 293 
Diver, The 305 
Daniel. The Prophet 362 
Dora's Housekeeping 367 



Editorial Thoughts 8, 24, 40, 56, 72, 88, 104, 120, 136, 
152, 168, lis4, 20(1, 216, 232, 24S, 204, 280, 296, 312, 
328, 344, 360, 376 

Enigma 48, 80, 128, 144, 176, 272, 288 

Essay on Sunday Schools 74 

Engineering Toad, The 94 

Enmity will Cease 136 

Earth's Creatures— Fleas, 144; The Spider, 158; The Tortoise, 
163; The Elephant, 190; Cetacea, 206; Quadrvmana, 
252; Manatee-Narwhal, 318; Stories of Elephant, 332 

Engineer's Pathetic Story, An 247 

Earth is the Lord's, The 268 

Excellent Fun 272 

Elements Yield to the Voice of Prayer 278 

Escape from the Floods, The 281 

Fierce Vengeance, A 27 

Faithful Animal, A 33 

Fatima Akar 41 

Faith and Infidelity Contrasted 44 

Friends, The 97 

Fry, Elizabeth 113 

Five Weeks, The Terrible 170 

For the Boys 174 

Fall ot a Mountain, The 262 

Going to Sea 161 

Good Answer, A 199 

Great Natural Bridge, The 211 

Good for Nothing 245 

Good as Money in the Bank, As 263 

Go and do Likewise 298 

Genius, A Young 337. 

God's Power Manifested 341 

Good Heart, A 375 

History of the Church 5, 19, 36, 59, 68, 89, 100, 123, 133, 147 

Hawaiian Native 9 

Harmony of Genesis and Geology 10, 20 

Hardy Fisherman, The 65 

Healing the Sick 67 

How He Won a Place 79 

Home 138 

Heroism of a Woman 165 

Holy Ghost, The 166 

Heathen Worship 177 

Heroism of Faith 214 

How to Return a Favor 216 

Hawaiian Metropolis 229 

How He Succeeded 234 

How Ned Took a Stand 237, 252 

Hunting the P]nd of the Rainbow 251 

Hair Quickly Turning White 292 

Happiest Christmas, The 370 

Interesting Incidents From the Journals of Missionaries 0, 29, 

43, 53, 79, 93 
Independence of the Mind 66 
Incident on the Rhine, An 77 
In a Minute 151 
"I'm nut Afraid' 169 
Israel in Egyptian Bondage 217 
Indian Massacre, An 2C>."> 
Influence 281 

Inscripti n, Remarkable 336 
Isms ;;4l 
"I Know a Thing or Two" 351 



CONTENTS. 



60, 69 



1*7, 204, 221, 230, 254, 



Japanese Meal, A 81 

Jackals Attacking a Leopard 105 

Japanese Execution. A 126 

John Howard, the Philanthropist 146 

Johny's Difficulty 153 

Jenny Lind 1 59 

John Adams, A Story of 174 

Judge Lynch 214 

Jewish Festivals 291 

Japan and China, Tidings From 291 

Joshua to Solomon; A Glimpse of History From 306 

Knowledge 157 
Keeping His Word 195 

Kingdoms nn the Eastern Continent, Early 236, 243 
Kilauei 261, 276 
Kin*.' and the Glutton, The :;ls 

Kingdoms of Judali and Israel From Solomon to the Captiv- 
ity 347, • i 

Learn to Say No 7 

Lord Nelson 15. 28, 4 

I. _.>ry. A Boys 121 

Lessons lor the Little Ones 155, 17::. 

267, 282, 300, 308, 326 350, 366, 378 
Lo t in the Snow 158 
Lea ii to S ive 241 
Little Boy's Generosity, A 266 
Lui atie, A Distinguished 52< 
Lile's Review, A 574 

JIusi< — Joy to the World! The Lord Will Come 16; When 
Shall we Meet Thee 32; Sacrament Pra>cr 48; Life is 
Full of foil and Care 64; Zion Prospers 80; Song of the 
Workers 96; Let the Holy Spirit Guide 112; Song of 
Triumph 128; Our Mountain Home so Dear 160; Little 
Comrades Let us Wander 192; When Evening Comes 
We Wait for Thee 207; Sabbath Morning 224; Let us 
Sing Glad Songs Together 240; How Sweet are the 
Mein'ries of Youthful Days! 255: Children's Praises 272; 
Song tor Children 288; Zion's Recruits 303; J uven le 
March 319; Why Did Mamma go to Heaven? 555; Pre- 
pare Ye the Way 352; (J. .My Pat lie, 368; The Work of 
the L ird 38 1 

Mu-t.ipha. the Lucky *7 

Manifestation of God's Power Through Pasting and Prayer, 
A SI] 

Maelstrom, The 92 

Missionary Experience 130, 148, 171 178 

W stcrious 1 1 ig, A 142 

Mountain Tale. A 167 

Mom s and II e Times 258 
i itation 280 
Massacre of Wyoming 289 
Man of Business, A 315 
Mythology of Sweden. The 331, 342 

Mu-r Sec the Ch |is Fly 551 

Wight Scenes in a Great City 13, 21, 37, 62, 76, 110 

Nature's Instructions 86, 127, 142 

Nickel Pun I, Thi 

N vcr I"- I discouraged 101 

\ ( 5fear's Eve in Liverpool 1 1 »2 

Narrow |"]sca| e. \ 209 

Noble Choice, \ 233 

Nelly's Visit to the Country 323 

I* ion of the Saints Prize article. ) 2 

Passing Away. 13; The Richest Prince, 16; Winter 
\ Primary Question and Answer. 46; Weeds and 
The Treasure Diggers, 64; L Once was Pure, 
103; The Seven Ages of Woman. 143; Utah's Future 
Glory, 14); Vanity, I6C; Speak Kindly, 205 Forgive, 
221. Devotion I Lilies, 217 An Address to "Mormon 
K - Do all the Good You Can, 304; Look on the 

Side that's Bright 120; ChristmasThoughts of a Little 
Girl. 371; Tiral lielon Reward 384; Iron Gray 71 

Pride and \ an Ij 72 

Punctuality 1 14 

Playing Truant 

I ' t ne or Judi a 1*1 

I Duty, On 

Puzzles 224, 3 

Para \n V. istci n Legend 191 

Pe nid Duty 23 1 

1'ur 247 



Picnic, The 307 

Persecution Without Provocation 340 

Plodding Tom 358 

Pis i, The Leaning Tower of 363 

Pulling up the Weeds 380 

Revenge, The Best 110 
Race on Snow-Shoes, A 150 
Right Man for President. The 279 
Royal Palace at Madrid, The 369 
Reflection, Art of 372 

Sealing ihe Sepulchre I 

Scene in Central Africa. A 17 

Sketch of Pioneer Life in Utah, A 35 

Savage Poli'eness 45 

Scientific. Proofs of Spiritual Life 50 

Science Lessons, Easy 54, 92, 111. 124, 157, 171, 182 

Star Fish, The 5S 

Stake Superintendents of Sunday Schools, To the 63 

Summer Dav, A 73 

Sabbath. The '■jr, 

Studied its Rhetoric 174 

Spy of Naefels. The 273 

Storv for the L'ttle Readers, A 284 

Sign" Seekers, The 290 

Solomon, The Reign of 324 

Speak no 111 354 

Sunday Schools, How to Acquire Punctual Attendance in 364 

Sending Horses to Travelers 365 

Spirit of 1775, The 380 



0, 85, 106, lib, 1-10, 157, 
70, 286, 316, 334, 349, 



188 

117, 132, 154. 



196, 218, 



275, 



Talking Shapes Our Thoughts 7 
Topics of the Times 12, 22, 38, 51 

164, 189, 197, 212, 238, 253, 

356, 379 
Travels in India 49, 49, 76, 90, 139, 
Thrilling Adventure, A 58 
Theological Class, Our 61, 82, 108 

226, 242, 294, 310, 330, 348 
■'That is the Way" 160 
Too Safe a Safe. 165 
The Two Men Inside 184 
Thoughts on Death 186 
Temples, The Building of 194 
Tampering with Temptation 199, 223, 236, 244, 269 

302 

Tools of Great Men 206 
Two Ways 208 
True Storv, xY 22S 
True Friend A 249 
Two Ways of Doing a Thing 271 
Tippling 314 
Tattlers, A Cure for 361 
True Incident, A 381 

l T nc!c Tom's Sorrow 260 

Varieties— Intelligence of Animals 99; Simple Remedies 99; 
Manufacture of Cannon 99; Petroleum 10(1; Life in 
Pompeii 125; Common Schools 125; Who Will Learn 
Trades? 125; The Library of Congress 134; Saved by a 
Bird 154; A Good Witness 134; Etiquette for Children 
154; St. Peter's Toe 149; For the Girls 149; A Word for 
the Japanese 149; Dynamite 149; The Great Wall of 
China 175; A Terrible Punishment 175; Seal Catching 
191; The Seas of our Globe 191; 

Virtue 1 15 

Victory over Self, A 162 

Very Stale Loaf A 570 



Work -.! 

What is the ' rOSpel 5 I 

Walk to Heaven ( )ur 89 

What Does ' Economy" Me.in? 

What are the Saints Doing 176 

Watching for Help 179 
Wheelbarrows 193 
Wisdom and Modesty 248 
We are Progressing 258 
What a Small l!ov Could do 
"Will [be Like Von' 109 
Won lerful Escape, A 332 
Winnie s Plan 3 15 
Would Be Hero. The 351 



104 




VOL. XIX. 



HALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1884. 



NO. 1. 



SEALING THE SEPULCHRE. 



T 



*HE accom- 
panying en- 
graving is at 
once interesting 
and instructive, 
illustrating, as it 
does, one of the 
grand events in 
the history of 
our Savior. In 
order to under- 
stand it proper- 
ly we should call 
to mind that Je- 
sus lay in a new 
tomb which be- 
longed to a cer- 
tain rich disci- 
ple, named Jos- 
eph, of the town 
of Arimathea. 

The inspired 
writer thus des- 
cribes the scene: 
"When the even 
was come, there 
came a rich man 
of Arimathea, 
named Joseph, 
who also him- 
self was Je- 
sus' disciple; he 
went to Pilate, 
and begged the 
body of Jesus. 
Then Pilate 
commanded the 
body to be de- 
livered. And 
when Joseph 
had taken the 
body, he wrap- 
ped it in a clean 
linen cloth, and 
laid it in his 




own new tomb, 
which he had 
hewn .out in the 
rock ; and he 
rolled a great 
stone to the door 
of the sepul- 
chre, and de- 
parted." After- 
wards we are 
told that "The 
chief priests and 
Pharisees came 
together unto 
Pilate, saying, 
Sir, we remem- 
ber that that 
deceiver said, 
while he was 
yet alive, After 
three days I will 
rise again. Com- 
mand therefore 
that the sepul- 
chre be made 
sure until the 
third day, lest 
his disciples 
come by night, 
and steal him 
away, and say 
unto the people, 
He is risen from 
the dead; so the 
last error shall 
be worse than 
the first. Pilate 
said unto them, 
Ye have a watch; 
go your way, 
make it as sure 
as ye can. So 
they went, and 
made the sepul- 
chre sure, seal 





2& 



J- TJ "VIE In" I LIE INSTBUCTOB, 



ing the stone, and setting a wat zh." (Matt, xxvii, 57-66.) 

It is this last act which the artist here so beautifully delin- 
eates. The leading priest, dressed in his official robes and 
assisted by two others, is making everything safe against decep- 
tion. The most casual observer can perceive that it will be 
impossible for any one to enter the tomb without cutting the 
straps or breaking the seals. In either case it will be easily 
detected, for no one bui the proper authority has the stamp or 
seal by which to imprint on the wax the proper device. Besides, 
the soldiers are there to guard the tomb and prevent intrusion. 
In the back ground is shown Mount Calvary and the three 
crosses on which the Savior and the two thieves were crucified, 
and a few of the Savior's weeping and disconsolate followers 
standing near. The whole teaches an impressive lesson to both 
old and young. The wickedness and arts of men have no 
influence against the power of God. He whom men by wicked 
hands had crucified and slain, God raised up to be a Prince 
and a Savior. Why should we fear death? Jesus has burst 
the bonds of the tomb. 0, glorious fact ! The good shall 
appear in His likeness. "We know that when He shall appear, 
we shall be like Him; for we shall see Him as He is. (/ John 
in, 2. ) 



"i'l\ 



THE PERSECUTIONS OF THE 
SAINTS. 



BT EDWIN P. PARRY. 



'jDLESSED are ye when men shall revile you, and perse- 

-*-' cute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you 

falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: -for 

great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the 

prophets which were before you." 

These are the words of our Savior, Jesus Christ, to His 
disciples of old. How comforting they are to those to whom 
they were spoken ! And they apply to His servants and Saints 
in these days just as much as they did to those of past 
ages. 

The peace and the consolation imparted by the glorious 
promises of our Savior to His faithful Saints enable them 
to bear with every opposition that is brought against 
them. It is beyond the power of their enemies to rob them 
of this peace and joy, so long as they remain faithful in the 
cause they have espoused. 

B lieving and trusting in the promise of a great reward in 
heaven have enabled the Saints of both former and latter days 
to endure all manner of abuse that is inflicted upon them by 
their enemies. 

,! '" the ohjecl at pr. -era is to describe the persecutions to 
which the Latter-day Saints have been subjected. 

It is a well-established fact that whenever the Lord has 36l 
Hi- hand to brio.- about II- purposes upon the earth, and to 
fulfill the predictions made by His inspired servants, the 
ra of evil have been arrayed against Him. The wicked, 
prompted by the evil one, have tried with all their 
might to thwart the designs of the Almighty. But it is 
°6ed!' 'hat their efforts have always been, and always 

will be, in vain. 




One strong evidence that the work in which the Latter-day 
Saints are engaged is of God, is that those who have embraced 
it are hated, persecuted and spoken evil of by all nations. 
That this should be the case with the followers of Christ is 
plainly predicted by the Apostle Paul, when he said : "All 
that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." 

If we review the history of the persecutions of the Latter- 
day Saints from the time the Church was organized up to the 
present, we will find that the enemies of the Saints have had 
no justifiable cause for acting as they have towards them, 
unless it is a crime to practice and teach the principles of the 
gospel as taught by the Savior and His ancient apostles. 

However, we will briefly sketch some of the most promi- 
nent and cruel persecutions and drivings to which the Latter- 
day Saint Church has been subjected. To give an account 
of the mobbings and persecutions which thousands, of the 
members have endured before they were gathered with the 
body of the Church, and also while in various lands, laboring 
as missionaries, would be impossible. 

To portray the heart-rending scenes of murder, robbery and 
drivings of innocent, law-abiding Saints during the first 
twenty years of their history as a Church, would be soul- 
sickening. It is enough to cause the most hard-hearted to 
blush with shame for the foul deeds committed by his fellow- 
men. One naturally turns away with horror and disgust from 
the contemplation of the awful cruelties of the ancient Jews 
and Romans toward the apostles and saints of their day ; the 
mind revolts at the thought of the horrible punishments 
inflicted upon offenseless beings by that terrible institution, 
the Inquisition, which was established in the dark ages of the 
world's history ; the free-born sons of American liberty are 
chagrined at the fact that in this land, the asylum of the 
oppressed, religious toleration was denied those who differed 
with the generally accepted ideas, and chose to serve God 
according to the dictates of their consciences; with regret 
they admit that such persons were severely punished under 
the strict laws of the Puritans, and the "blue laws" of Con- 
necticut. But they console themselves with the thought that 
such restriction was only practiced in days gone by, 
when American freedom was in its infancy, and that such 
things are now entirely unknown; Yet, in the very heart of 
this boasted land of liberty and enlightenment, in the face of 
the glorious constitution which declares that "Congress shall 
make no law respecting religion," and that all mankind are 
"free to worship God according to the dictates of their con- 
sciences," a community of loyal citizens have been mobbed, 
plundered, driven from their homes, and left to perish for 
want of food aud shelter, and many even been murdered. 

But our opposers will say we are persecuted for our evil 
practices, and not for righteousness' sake. Let the history of 
the Saints speak for itself. 

Joseph Smith, who was instrumental in the hand of God for 
restoring the gospel and the Holy Priesthood to the earth in 
these days, received his first heavenly vision in the Spring of 
I B20, when he was between fourteen and fifteen years of age. 
He was then but a boy. Yet at that early age he began to 
be persecuted. And for what cause? Had he committed 
any crime? No one can prove that he had. If he had 
broken any of the laws of the land he would undoubtedly 
have been punished by the proper authorities. But why was 
he thus persecuted ? Simply because he declared what he 
had actually seen and heard. 

Shortly after receiving the heavenly visitation, he related 
what had occurred to a minister of one of the leading sects of 





J-Cr^E^TIXjE IUSTBTJOTOR. 





the day. When Joseph told him that the Father and Son 
had appeared unto him, he ridiculed the idea, and said his 
vision was all from the devil. He also used his influence to 
abuse his character." This 'was L the beginning of the perse- 
cutions which followed him through the remainder of his 
career, and which terminated in his martyrdom at the hands 
of assassins. 

Now, no person with a sense "of justice would say that 
Joseph was guilty of any" crime in relating""a circumstance 
that really occurred. If he had been deceived, as the minis- 
ter to whom he related his vision declared, it was that gentle- 
man's duty, as a follower of Christ, which he professed to be, 
to inform the youthful Joseph in a kindly manner that he 
had erred, and to do all he could to guide him in the right 
way. But, instead of acting in a Christian-like manner 
towards him, he used his power to injure his character. ' 

No sooner had Joseph Smith received the plates from 
which the Book of Mormon was translated than he was 
again beset by wicked men. So persistent were his ene- 
mies in their efforts to take his life that he found it necessary 
to leave the State in which he was residing. This was before 
the Church was organized, and previous to the publication of 
the Book of Mormon. ' Joseph had wronged no man. He 
was a peace-loving and law-abiding citizen. His enemies had 
no reason for seeking his life. It is clearly evident that his 
persecutors were influenced by Satan" to seek his destruction. 

Again, 'during the month of June, 1830, but two months 
after the Church was organized, Joseph was twice arrested 
for imaginary offenses. At his trial nothing could be proven 
against him, and he was acquitted. 

Space will not admit a detailed 'account of the many 
arrests and' imprisonments.'of the' Prophet Joseph and other 
leaders of the Church. Suffice it to say that during Joseph's 
lifetime he was arrested thirty-nine times. Yet no charge 
could be proven against him. He was innocent. As he 
remarked just before his martyrdom he had a "conscience 
void of offense towards God and towards all men." 

Like the Savior, he was a man of sorrow. His life was 
continually sought by evil-designing men. He suffered all 
kinds of abuse. He was kidnapped, dragged from his home 
and family, drugged with poison, tarred and feathered, 
imprisoned without food, and, when hungry, offered human 
flesh to eat. Finally, his life was sacrificed for the cause of 
truth. 

But what had his followers done that they should share a 
similar fate ? Had they wronged their fellow-men '! No; but 
because they were God-fearing, the wicked hated them ; 
because they were industrious, they envied them ; because 
they were united, they dreaded them ; because they were 
firm in their convictions of truth, and because there was no 
law prohibiting persons exercising these virtues, they resorted 
to mob violence, and drove them from their midst. 

Scarcely a year had elapsed from the time the Church was 
organized, in Fayette, New York, before the few members 
who had joined it were compelled by mobs to leave their 
homes in search of some more peaceful habifation. They 
gathered themselves at Kirtland, Ohio. There they built new 
homes. By industry and economy and their liberal contri- 
butions they erected a temple and dedicated it to the Most 
High. For their faithful labors they were awarded by 
receiving glorious blessings in that temple. The Lord accepted 
their labors, and showed His approval by appearing to His 
servants in that house dedicated to His name. 

This made Satan rage more furiously than before, and he 



stirred up his servants to renewed efforts. The fire of perse- 
cution had again spread around the Saints. It continued to 
grow more fierce until they were obliged to flee before its 
destructive sweep. They had been driven from two States, 
and now they sought refuge in Missouri, only to be again per- 
secuted, and the third time banished from their homes. 

The State of Missouri was the stage upon which was enacted 
many bloody tragedies, and upon which horrible scenes of cru- 
elty were portrayed. While the Saints sojourned there they 
had no rest. They were continually being driven from county 
to county. Their homes were burned. Their property was 
destroyed. Their leaders were imprisoned. Helpless women 
and innocent children were driven from their firesides, to suffer 
on the cold prairie. 

It was in this State that the massacre at Haun's mill took 
place, during which some eighteen or ninteenun offending Saints 
were murdered. 

In vain did the Saints appeal for redress ; first to the gov- 
ernor of the State, then to the president of the United States. 
The latter acknowledged that their cause was just, but that 
he could do nothing for them. 

Who were the leaders of these blood-thirsty mobocrats? 
Were they the low and degraded outcasts of society ? No ; 
they were ministers of the gospel (if it is not blasphemy to 
call them such). They professed to be followers of the meek 
and lowly Jesus ! Then there were judges, lawyers, officers 
in the State militia and governors who were in sympathy with 
and aided these wicked men! 

L. W. Boggs, the governor of Missouri, issued an order for 
the extermination of all the Saints unless they left the 
State. Their leaders were taken prisoners and the people 
were forced to sign deeds of trust to defray the expenses of 
the governor's troops, or mobs. 

It appears, by the notorious extermination speech of Gen. 
J. B. Clark, that the greatest objection the mobocrats had to 
the Saints enjoying their rights as citizens was that they were 
organized under the leadership of Bishops, etc., and were 
subject Ito the rule of the Priesthood. In his remarks, he 
advised them to scatter and never again meet in an organized 
capacity. 

At this crisis, the only alternative for the Saints was to leave 
their dearly-bought homes, and again search a haven of rest 
beyond the borders of that blood-stained State. They had to 
take their flight during the cold Winter of 1838-39. By the 
Spring of 1839 all the Saints had left the State. 
During their sojourn of some eightyears there, they had passed 
through many severe persecutions, and they were glad to find 
a place of refuge in Illinois. Commerce, which was after- 
wards named Nauvoo, was chosen as a place of gathering for 
the Saints. There they enjoyed a few years of peace, although 
their beloved prophet was still sought after, and accused of 
crimes he had never committed. 

The Saints prospered in their new homes. They built a 
beautiful city. They were industrious, thrifty and economical, 
and soon they became comparatively wealthy. The building 
of a magnificent temple was also commenced. 

The prosperity of the Saints, however, had a tendency to 
cause their indolent and covetous neighbors to envy them, 
and they watched closely for an opportunity to get possession 
of their property if they could but find some excuse for 
depriving them of it. Law, they said, would not reach them, 
but powder and ball would ; and to accomplish their wicked 
designs they invariably adopted the latter. Of course, it was 
their leader with whom they found the most fault. If they 




¥ 4 



jrTJ"V":E UNTILE! IlsTSTE/UOTOB. 




could only destroy him, they thought, the people would scatter 
and be disunited. They brought many false charges against 
him. But their plans were futile. His time had not yet come, 
and the Lord preserved the prophet's life. 

Finally a scheme was devised by which they might obtain a 
pretest for murdering the prophet. A filthy sheet, called the 
Nauvoo Expositor, was issued. It contained all kinds of false- 
hoods about the Saints and their leaders. All lovers of 
decency were shocked at such a corruptible paper. The city 
council of Nauvoo declared the office in which it was published 
a nuisance, and it was destroyed as such by the proper author- 
ities. This act of the city council caused the fiendish mobs to 
become wild with rage. They came in force and demanded 
that the leaders of the Saints should be delivered into their 
hands. 

The prophet and patriarch finally gave themselves up. They 
were taken to Carthage and imprisoned. The treacherous 
governor pledged his faith and the faith of the State for their 
safety, while he was at the same time in league with the 
mob. 

While in Carthage jail, on the afternoon of June 27, 1844, 
a body of some one hundred and fifty or two hundred men, with 
painted faces, came to the jail and shot the Prophet Joseph 
and his brother, Ilyruru. 

Thus these noble men sealed their testimony with their 
blood ! Thus was the sovereign State of Illinois stained with 
the blood of the prophets ! Thus those blood-thirsty mobs sealed 
their doom to suffer with the damned ! And this nation, by 
permitting the perpetrators of such a dreadful crime to go 
unpunished, thu< sanctioning their vile acts, have brought 
down upon them the wrath of an offended God. They have 
suffered deeply for their rejection of the truth. But the end 
is not yet. More terrible calamities await the wicked. 

In fulfillment of the words of the Prophet Joseph, which 
he uttered in his last public speech— that 'when his enemies 
should shed his blood they would thirst for the blood of every 
man in whose heart dwelt a single spark of the fullness of the 
gospel— the Saints continued to be annoyed by the wicked who 
sought their destruction. They soon learned that there was 
no religious freedom to be found within the bounds of Amer- 
ican civilization. They had tested it in four of the States of 
the Union, and had learned by bitter experience that the 
lib irty for wlii sh their sires bled had ceased to exist. 

Finding it impossible to live in peace with such wicked 
people as those with whom they were surrounded, they bid 
farewell to civilization, and went in search of a home in the 
barren deserts of the west, far from their persecutors. They 
preferred the hospitality of the red men to the hostility of 
their more enlightened brothers. 

Their enemies, however, were determined that they should 
ive in peace. Although they had agreed to let them 
alone until they could make preparations for their journey, 
they failed to keep their promise. They wanted to destroy 
them if they c mil. They made an attack upon them and 
forced them to leave without warning. 

It was in the month of February, 1 8 16, when the Saints com- 
menced to vacate Nauvoo They endured very severe priva- 
tions by living thus lefl ho , I without a shelter insueh 
inclement weather Still it wa ■ ilation to tbcm to be 
once more free from their oppressors. 

ire his death, the Prophet Joseph predicted that the 
Saints would ere long establish : inth RockyMoun- 

tains. The exiled Saints looked for* ird to tin- fulfillment of 
this prophecy with anxiety. Their hearts yearned for a place 



of peace and safety, where they could make themselves happy 
homes, and where they could enjoy the privilege of worship- 
ing God without being molested. 

Slowly the wandering pilgrims wended their way towards 
their anticipated refuge of peace. But the government was 
not willing that they should depart without imposing upon 
them another test of their loyalty to their country. 

They made a demand for five hundred of their best men to 
enlist in the nation's service, and to defend their rights on the 
frontiers of Mexico. If this demand was granted and the 
battalion raised, the wicked thought that the remainder of the 
Saints would perish in the wilderness ; or, should they not 
comply with the call, they would have a pretext to raise an 
army and wipe them out. 

Oh, how heartless a nation ! After permitting the Saints to 
be banished from their midst ; after allowing their rights and 
privileges to be trampled upon by lawless villains ; after refus- 
ing to listen to their appeals for redress, they now require 
them to surrender their best men for the cause of their coun- 
try ! Oh, thou land of liberty and asylum for the oppressed ! 
Thy glory is faded, and thy greatness hath vanished ! No 
more art thou envied for thy loveliness, for thy virtue hath 
departed ! While thou dost shelter and protect the ungodly, 
the cry of the oppressed is unheeded! 0, America, America, 
thou that killeth the prophets and persecuteth the Saints of 
God ! How long shall the blood of innocence cry from the 
dust for vengeance ! 

O, justice, where dost thou reside ? 

Surely thou art of heavenly birth ; 
Though nations boast of thee with pride, 

Thou dost not grace the courts of earth I 
And where thy sister, Liberty, 

For whom our fathers fought and bled I 
Kejected by her offspring, she 

From this once blessed land hath fled I 
While Truth is left alone to grow, 

And spread through every land and clime, 
That people everywhere may know 

The message which she bears sublime. 
But Liberty will yet return, 

Her glorious reign is drawing nigh ; 
And tyrants, they ere long shall learn 

That Justice lives, and rules on high. 

The demand for five hundred men from the camps of Israel 
was satisfied. The men went and performed their mission 
nobly; while the remaining Saiuts pursued their perilous 
journey in the wilderness. 

After a long and trying journey they reached their goal of 
rest. Their hopes of obtaining a peaceful abode were realized. 
Their hearts rejoiced, and they thanked God for deliverance. 

Since they gathered to these valleys they have prospered 
exceedingly. The Lord has blessed them abundantly. They 
have had peace. Mobs have not molested them. They have 
increased in number and in power. They are free to worship 
God in a way that is pleasing to Him, and none can hinder 
them. Although they are still bated and misrepresented 
and their lives and liberties sought by the wicked, the Lord 
watches over and protects them. 

The question may arise with some, why the Lord permitted 
the wicked to persecute and drive His chosen people, from 
place to place. The reason is obvious to those who are famil- 
iar with the history of this Church and with that of the Saints 
of different ages. 

In the first place it was predicted centuries ago that the 
Saints should "wander in the wilderness, in a solitary way," 



^v 



»•?>.- 




crxrvEisriLE ifstbuotob, 




and that "in the last days it shall come to pass that the moun- 
tain of the house of the Lord shall be established in the tops 
of the mountains," and that all nations shall flow unto it. 
These prophecies would not have been fulfilled if the Saints 
had not come to these mountains. Besides, they never could 
have lived in peace while surrounded by such wicked people, 
as they were in early days. And if their enemies chose to 
let them alone, they would soon fall back into their old ways. 
By associating with the world they would partake of its evil 
influences, and their zeal and love for the work of God would 
soon die out. They could not have brought up their sons and 
daughters so pure and uncontaminated with the wickedness of 
the world. The persecutions they endured caused them to be 
more united, and to rely upon God for protection. 

It is a philosophical truth that the more opposition that is 
brought against a set of people, the more they adhere to each 
other and the principles they believe in. The more they are 
driven and persecuted the greater their strength becomes. 
This principle is clearly illustrated in the history of the 
Nephites, as recorded in the Book of Mormon. While they 
enjoyed peace and prosperity they invariably lost the spirit of 
their religion. They became proud and disunited. They 
formed different classes in society, and often had contentions 
among themselves. But when the Lord permitted their ene- 
mies, the Lamanites, to come upon them and drive them from 
place to place and scourge them, they would repent of their 
sins and seek protection from the Almighty. 

Furthermore, if the Saints remained in their old homes, 
they could not have obeyed the call to come out of Babylon, 
that they might not partake of her sins or receive of her plagues. 
They would have undoubtedly had to share in the terrible 
calamities brought about by the great civil war between the 
Northern and Southern States. Therefore, we can see that 
the Lord had a wise object in bringing His people to these 
valleys, where they can escape the scourges that will overtake 
the wicked. 

The Lord has said He would have a tried people and in 
some things their faith has been severely tested. They have 
been tried with persecutions and drivings and with poverty, 
and they will yet be proven in other ways. At present it 
appears that the Lord is going to try them with wealth, for they 
are indeed blessed with many of the comforts and luxuries 
that riches afford. 

But the future prospects of true Latter-day Saints are, 
nevertheless, bright and encouraging. They have nothing to 
fear, for whatever comes will be for their benefit and advance- 
ment. Therefore, press forward, ye Saints of God, for glory 
awaits the pure in heart. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



( Continued from page 373, Vol. xviii. ) 

THIS was a fair letter, and with the address, it shows very 
clearly that when prominent men of the nation look at 
the Saints without prejudice, they can readily admit that they 
are an industrious, innocent and persecuted people. It 
appeared just then to the Whigs an object of interest to speak 
kindly of and conciliate the Saints, and tbey became quite 
eloquent in dwelling upon the wrongs which they had endured. 
Although it looked rather suspicious to the Saints that the 
Whigs of Iowa should at that particular time become deeply 
interested in their welfare, and all of a sudden grow warm and 



eloquent upon the subject of their expulsion from Missiouri, 
and the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch, Joseph and 
Hyrum Smith, and the sufferings they had endured in the 
boasted land of freedom, still the caucus concluded to reply to the 
communications of the Whigs. A preamble was drafted and 
adopted, in which a lengthy account of the outrages, persecu- 
tion and proscriptions endured by the Latter-day Saints were 
set forth ; also a resolution declaring that, if the Whigs of 
Iowa would lift up their hands towards heaven and swear by 
the Eternal Gods that they would use all their powers to sup- 
press mobocracy, insurrection, rebellion and violence, in what- 
ever form or from whatever source such might arise against 
the Latter-day Saints and the citizens of Iowa, even to the 
sacrifice of all their property, and their lives if need be, and 
that a full share of representative and judicial authority should 
be extended to the Saints, then the Saints would pledge them- 
selves to unite their votes with the Whigs of Iowa at the elec- 
tions of the current year and would correspond with the 
Whigs as solicited. 

In March a post-office was established at Kanesville, and 
Brother Evan M. Greene received the appointment of post- 
master. A county organization was also obtained, the county 
being called Pottowatomie. The officers were : Isaac Clark, 
judge of probate ; George Coulson, Andrew H. Perkins and 
David D. Yearsley, county commissioners; Thomas Burdick, 
county clerk; John D. Parker, sheriff ; James Sloan, district 
clerk; Evan M. Greene, recorder and treasurer; Jacob G. 
Bigler, William Snow, Levi Bracken and Jonathan C. Wright, 
magistrates. 

Kanesville was now becoming a point of some importance. 
It was the intention to abandon Winter Quarters in the Spring 
of 1848, and those who could not move to the valley that sea- 
son made preparations to settle on the Iowa side of the Mis- 
souri river, and whether they opened farms at other points or 
not, they naturally looked to Kanesville as headquarters. At 
a conference held there. Elders Orson Hyde and George A. 
Smith were chosen to labor in Pottowatomie county. Elder 
Ezra T. Benson was afterwards appointed to labor with them. 
Besides the Saints who had moved there after the expulsion 
of the Church .from Nauvoo, there were many coming from 
foreign lands, who not having sufficient means to carry them 
directly to the valley, needed a half-way place at which to stop 
while they could make the necessary preparations to prosecute 
their journey. In May a company of one hundred and forty- 
six Saints arrived from Great Britain, having been brought up 
the Missouri river by the steamboat Mustang, under the leader- 
ship of Elder Franklin D. Richards, assisted by Elders Andrew 
Cahoon and S. W. Richards. Another company also arrived 
shortly afterwards under the leadership of Elder Moses Mar- 
tin. Early in the same month a company of Saints arrived 
from the States on the steamboat Mandan. After the exodus 
of the Church from Nauvoo the emigration of the Saints from 
-Europe had been stopped until a place of gathering could be 
found and decided upon. During this period the Saints in 
Europe had to repress their desires to gather with the people 
of God. When, therefore, the General Epistle reached them 
from the Presidency of the Church, informing them, among 
other things, that a place for the gathering of the people and 
the building up of Zion had been designated, they gladly 
received the news and the stream of emigration again began 
to flow Zionward. 

The persecution and driving out of the Saints from the 
midst of so-called civilization and their wandering in the wil- 
derness, did not check the preaching of the gospel in Europe, 



7Z 



WZs^' 



W 



JTJYEITILE IITSTBTJCTOB. 




or the baptism of the humble, meek and honest-hearted 
people who heard its glad sound. In Wales alone, under the 
presidency of Elder Pan Jones, during the last six months of 
1^47, upwards of seven hundred souls were added to the 
Church ; and in other places where the Elders labored the 
Lord gave them great success in bringing souls unto Him. At. 
the same conference at which Elders Orson Hyde and George 
A. Smith were appointed to labor in Pottowatomie county, 
Elders Orson Pratt and Wilford Woodruff, of the Twelve 
Apostles, were appointed missions ; the first to Great Britain 
and the second to the Eastern States, Nova Scotia and Can- 
ada. Besides these, there were several other prominent Elders 
sent on missions abroad. 

In the meanwhile active preparations were being made at 
Winter Quarters for the next Summer's journey across the 
plains to the valley. The Oloe Indians having heard that 
President Young and the Saints were about to start for the 
mountains, fifty of them, bearing letters from the agency, 
visited Winter Quarters to receive compensations for the occu- 
pancy of their lands. Suitable presents were given them and 
they returned to their villages. On the 9th cf May, twenty- 
two wagons left Winter Quarters for the Elkhorn river — the 
place of rendezvous for the organization of the companies 
intending to move to the mountains that Summer. They were 
followed by others ; and on the i!6th, President Young started 
from Winter Quarters for the Elkhorn. Through the bles- 
sing of the Lord on his industry and good management, he 
had acquired considerable property during his sojourn at Win- 
ter Quarters, in houses, mills and temporary furniture. These 
he had to leave, making the fifth time that he had left his 
home and property since he embraced the gospel of Jesus 
Christ. Brother Heber C. Kimball reached the Elkhorn 
river on the 1st of June, having fifty-five wagons in company. 
It was with very joyful feelings that the Saints bade farewell 
to Winter Quarters. There was a long and tiresome journey 
before them, and the country to which they were going did 
not possess such natural advantages for settlement and 
cultivation at that time as to be inviting for a people who 
sought temporal prosperity only. But to the Saints it was an 
attractive land. God had chosen and pointed it out as their 
residence, the place to which He wished them to gather. 
There they could dwell at peace and worship Him without 
any to molest or make them afraid. There, under the shadow 
of the mighty mountains, they could erect their altars, attend 
to the ordinance- which lie had revealed and commanded 
them to observe, extend their settlements, and have no mob 
to threaten and annoy them. It was, therefore, with joyful 
feelings that they started forth on the plains to traverse the 
• wilds- which -tptehed out between the Missouri river 
and the mountain-. 

(To l,i ( 'ontinued.) 



INTERESTING INCIDENTS. 




PROM THE JOURN VLS OP MISSIONARIES. 

TT is a well-established fact that wherever there are any bon. 
A eel souls to be found in any part of the earth, and there is 
a probability of th. g ispel being i luc neighbor- 

hood, the devil always make- extraordinary efforts to prevent 
it. The following incident i- 01 he ma ny that might 

be related to prove this statement : 



A few years ago an Elder was appointed to labor in Italy. 
For some time the proclamation of the gospel in that land 
had not been heard. Although there were a few who had 
been baptized, they had become quite weak in the faith in 
consequence of having been left so long without a shepherd. 
Our brother therefore found it quite difficult to make any 
headway. He finally succeeded, however, in getting the 
promise of a suitable hall and an enquiring congregation at a 
place some little distance from where he was then stopping. 

The day for meeting arrived and the Elder allowed himself 
just sufficient time to walk to the place of meeting before the 
hour appointed to commence the services. As he was hurry- 
ing along he came to a lonely part of the road that passed 
around a mountain. Going along a narrow part of the way, 
he espied coming towards him what appeared to be a very 
fine gentleman. 

The two walked towards each other until they met, when 
the Elder turned to one side in order to pass, but his oppo- 
nent stepped in front of him; he stepped to the other side, 
but found his way again blocked. After several times 
endeavoring to pass, he gave his opposer a shove with his 
elbow, remarking at the same time, 

"Get out of my way." 

Instantly a shock as of electricity passed through his body 
and he stood for a moment paralyzed. On looking around, 
after recovering himself, no person was to be seen. The evil 
spirit, for such it evidently was, had vanished. 

The Elder proceeded on his way, held his meeting and after- 
wards succeeded in baptizing some honest souls who had 
listened to his discourse that day. 



In some countries of Europe the preachers of the Josephite 
church, who there call themselves "Mormons," are very zeal- 
ous in following up our Elders, and try to destroy the good 
effects of the seed which they sow. 

One Sabbath the Utah Elders were all absent from Bern, 
Switzerland, where a large branch of the Church existed. 
Advantage was taken of this, and a Mr. Baer came to the 
meeting and introduced himself as "a 'Mormon' Elder from 
Utah." 

He was, of course, invited to talk, and as he did so the 
false doctrine was mixed in with the true. A few of the older 
members detected the spurious article, but still did not dare 
to openly proclaim against it. The result was that quite a 
commotion was caused, and the false teacher remained that 
day unopposed. But when the true pastors of the flock 
returned, the false teacher was unveiled. 

It happened that the Utah Elder who presided over that 
conference had, some years previously, paid for the emigra- 
tion to Utah of this Baer, and notwithstanding the faithful 
promises of the latter to repay the loan, he had never done so. 
This apostate having learned that his creditor was there and 
that his dishonesty was still remembered, thought it best to 
decamp, and the Saints ot Bern or the surrounding branches 
have never seen him since. 



A little boy, who, with his parents, had just been in the 
Church a few days, accidentally fell down a flight of stone steps. 
So severe was the fall that the top part of his skull was 
apparently crushed. He was carried into the house in an 
insensible condition. A surgeon was summoned who pro- 
nounced the skull broken, and gave no hope of the child's 





J-TJ "VIE ILT JULIE USTSTBTJOTOB. 




recovery. He, however, bandaged the fracture before leaving. 

The parents of the boy were almost distracted at the 
thought of losing this their oldest son. They sent for the 
Elders and requested their administration. This ordinance 
being performed, the child sank into a quiet slumber, and the 
next morning all pain and fever had ceased, and he played 
around the house as if nothing had happened. 

The surgeon made his morning call and was astonished 
beyond measure to find his patient apparently "well. He attri- 
buted his recovery to his skill, and requested a certificate from 
the father in regard to the matter. But the parents stated 
that the power of God had been manifested in behalf of the 
boy, and they would not attribute to human wisdom that 
which God in His mercy had accomplished. 



LEARN TO SAY NO! 




HOW much trouble and error of precept and practice could 
we save ourselves were we to set our faces against them 
and resolutely and respectfully say no at the proper time and 
with appropriate spirit. A little of my experience may not 
be entirely devoid of interest and I trust not without benefit 
to my young friends who read the Juvenile Instructor. 

1 was fortunate enough to emigrate to Utah in the autumn 
of 1875. Shortly after my arrival I obtained employment in 
a manufacturing concern in one of our large cities. Coming 
as I did straight from my father's home in England, from which 
I had never been absent for more than five days in twenty and 
a half years, I found myself thrown upon the world before I 
realized the gravity of the situation. Like other young men 
at that age 1 became rather wild and reckless. That is, I 
became careless of my vital interests and forgetful of my duties. 
I was born in the Church, and during my career in my native 
land was held in full fellowship and was energetic in the advo- 
cacy and defense of "Mormonism." 

I came here as all Latter-day Saints do, to become more 
thoroughly instructed in the plan of salvation. But as soon 
as I breathed- the mountain air there seemed to be an influ- 
ence to lead me from my duty. Some of my shopmates fre- 
quented saloons and spent much of their time playing bil- 
liards, etc. I was persuaded to go with them, and did so for a 
number of evenings. I did not go for the sake of drink, for 
I think in all of my visits to the saloon I did not drink a half 
pint of beer. Still the place seemed to have a certain charm 
for me. They put me to keep tally for them and I was fool- 
ish enough to do their bidding. I realized that I was in my 
wrong element and in poor company. My conscience smote 
me continually and yet I had not the courage to say no to 
their invitations. 

I continued thus until at length my employer was apprised 
of my operations. He was a man if a large heart — a sound, 
consistent Latter-day Saint. He had labored with some of my 
companions, but to little purpose. He took me to task for 
my doings one day when we were alone. He asked me for 
what purpose I came to Zion? Was it to visit saloons and 
mingle with the drunkard and thereby destroy the peacj and 
happiness of my home and my own salvation? Or had 1 come 
to help build up God's Kingdom on the earth and be worthy 
of its blessings? I could but say that the latter was my object. 
He then asked me if I thought the course I was pursuing 
would fill my purpose? Certainly it would not, and this T was 
forced to acknowledge. I told him that by God's help 1 



would not go into a saloon any more. Subsequently I would 
meet some of my saloon-going shopmates and they would 
kindly (?) invite me to come along and see just one game, etc. , 
and, though difficult at first, I succeeded in declining their 
offers and after a few times asking in yain they let me alone. 

"Resist the devil and he will flee from you." 

"The reproof of a friend is better than the flattery of an 
enemy." 

I have realized the truth of these sayings. If we would 
honor our covenants with God and sense His approbation we 
must "never give place to the devil." I have long since left 
the service of my employer here-in mentioned, but I love him 
for giving me good counsel at a time when it was most needed. 
Would that all who have the control of men would act like- 
wise! Temptations seem to be on every hand, for our young 
people especially. Whenever they present themselves let us 
seek to the Lord and feel that by His help we will not be 
overcome, and we will find that as our day our strength will be. 

We should remember the words of the wise man "My son, 
if sinners entice thee, consent thou not." 

The effect of the civilization sought to be forced upon the 
Latter-day Saints is seen in gambling halls, liquor saloons, etc., 
all of which have a greater or lesser influence upon our young 
people. I trust that parents, guardians and instructors of 
the young will counteract this by wise and loving counsels, by 
efforts to make homes the most agreeable of all places, and 
that our boys and girls will be wise in their generation and 
when the allurements of sin beset them will have the moral 
courage to firmly resist them and thereby fill the high destiny 
that has been marked out for them by an all-wise Providence. 

Anglicus. 



TALKING SHAPES OUR 
THOUGHTS. 



I REALLY believe some people save their bright thoughts 
-*■ as being too precious for conversation. What do you think 
an admiring friend said the other day to one that was talking 
good things— good enough to print? "Why." said he, "you 
are wasting merchantable literature — a cash article— at the 
rate, as nearly as lean tell, of fifty dollars an hour." The 
talker took him to the window, and asked him to look out and 
tell what he saw. 

"Nothing but a very dusty street," said he, "and a man 
driving a sprinkling machine through it." 

"Why don't you tell the man he is wasting that water? 
What would be the state of the highway of life if we did not 
drive our thought-sprinklers through them, with the valves 
open sometimes ? Besides, there is another thing about this 
talking, which you forget. It shapes our thoughts for us; the 
the waves of conversation roll them as the surf rolls the peb- 
bles on the shore. Let me modify the image a little. I 
rough-out my thoughts in talk as an artist models in clay. 
Spoken language is so plastic — you can pat, and coax, and 
spread, and shave, and rub out, and fill up, and stick on so 
easily, when you work that soft material, that there is nothing 
like it for soft modeling. Out of it come the shapes which 
you turn into marble or bronze in your immortal books, if you 
happen to write such. Or, to use another illustration, writ- 
ing or printing is like shooting with a rifle; you may hit your 
reader's mind or miss it. But talking is like playing at a mark 
with the pipe of an engine; if it is within reach, and if you 
have time enough, you can't help hitting it." — Selected. 




J-TJ"VTE]lNriXjEl IUSTBTJOTOE/. 



GEORGG Q,. CANNOST, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




i HALL God's will be done on earth as it 
is done in heaven? Jesus taught His 
disciples to pray for this. It must, then, 
be possible; for He would not teach them 
to pray for it unless it was possible. But 
how can it be done? It is upwards of 
eighteen hundred years since the Savior 
taught this prayer, and the will of God 
is not yet done on the earth as it is in 
heaven. 

If wicked men had not killed the Savior 
and His disciples and rejected His gospel, the 
Lord's will would soon have been done on 
earth. The Lord had given the plan, but the 
world would not accept it. They killed the men 
who taught it. From that day to this men have 
tried in various ways to get the people united ; but 
all in vain. It has proved an impossible task. 
Instead of union there is division; instead of concord there 
is strife. Men who call themselves ministers of Jesus 
quarrel; their congregations frequently hate each other. 
Men of the same church in different nations have shed each 
other's blood. Catholics have gone to war with Catholics ; 
Protestants with Protestants. They have fought as bitterly 
one with the other as if they were of opposite faiths. But 
the most ridiculous feature of their wars has been that their 
ministers on each side have prayed God to give their side the 
victory. What a spectacle! Ministers of the same church 
at war with each other, and praying God, in the name of 
Jesus, to help them kill the most of their brethren on the 
other side, so that their side may gain the victory ! Was 
there ever anything more devilish than this? Each minister 
encouraging the men on his side to believe when they die they 
will go to heaven ! What a heaven it would be ! 

This sort of a religion is an utter failure. It is a man-made 
religion. No difference by what names it may be called, it is 
not of God. Servants of God do not fight with each other. 
The people of God do not contend and quarrel ; for when 
they do, they cease to be His people. Hence, such religions 
as the world have had have not united the people. They 
have rent them asunder. So-called Christians have fought 
as readily as heathens. During the late civil war this was 
seen. Methodist fought with Methodist ; Catholic with 
Catholic; Baptist with Baptist; Episcopalian with Episco- 
palian; Presbyterian with Presbyterian; and they fought as 
fiercely as heathens do. 

Religions which bring forth such fruits never can lead 
people to do the will of God on earth as it is done in heaven. 
Century after century has passed without their doing this, 
and thousands upon thousands of years more might pass, and 
still it would not be done. "Men do not gather grapes of 
thorns, or figs of thistle-.'' Nothing more plainly shows the 
absence of truth and God's power from these kinds of 



religion than the condition of the world where they pre- 
vail. 

Now, let us look at the religion of Jesus Christ, our Lord 
and Savior. Wherever it was preached and believed it 
united the people. Jews, Greeks, Romans and men of 
every race, became one. Their national differences ceased. 
They became one in Christ Jesus. The love of God over- 
powered national prejudices, aye,' and even national hatred. 
It lifted them above these. They became the acknowledged 
children of God, and were united by a higher and holier band 
than that of race or nationality. These were its fruits. 

Once more the Lord has restored this pure religion or 
gospel to the earth. What are its fruits? Precisely the 
same as the gospel brought forth anciently. Men are no 
longer Americans, British, French, Scandinavians, Germans, 
Swiss or an other nation ; they are Latter-day Saints. Differ- 
ences of language, of education, of race and of "nationality 
all disappear. Under its influence, prejudices and animosi- 
ties vanish. Union and love prevail. Its power in blending 
people together and making them one is marvelous. Give it 
scope, let it have fair play, and it will cause the Lord's prayer 
to be fulfilled. The will of God will ere long be done on 
earth as it is done in heaven. Look through the world and 
nothing can be seen that is like it. Wherever it is received its 
presence is marked by the same success. It is producing a 
union and oneness; that is unexampled. 

But, alas ! it is hated for its good qualities. That which 
should call forth admiration, too frequently awakens the 
opposite feeling. Its enemies detest the union which it brings. 
For this alone they would destroy it if they could. Most 
strange, is it not? But mankind have done this before. 
They hilled the Son of God. They could not bear His 
gospel. But to-day they cannot kill Him. He is beyond 
their power. Yet they would crush His work ; they would 
banish His gospel ; they would destroy His servants. 

We ask again : Shall the will of God be done on earth as 
it is done in heaven? And we answer : Yes. The Lard and 
His faithful children have not offered this prayer in vain. 
The gospel which He has restored will bring it to pass. Men 
may hate and fight it. They may do all in their power 
against it, but they cannot succeed in defeating the Almighty. 




ANECDOTE OF DUELLING. 



I HAVE heard a story of a general officer in our service 
which pleased me much. On receiving a challenge, he 
went to the challenger, and told him he supposed they were 
to fight on equal terms; "but as things now stand," said he, 
"the terms are very unequal: I have a wife and five children, 
who have nothing to subsist on but my appointments; you 
have a considerable fortune, and no family. To place us, 
therefore, on an equality, I desire you will go with me to a 
conveyancer, and settle upon my wife and children, if I 
should fall, the value of my appointments. Wheu you have 
signed such a conveyance, if you insist upon it, I will then 
fight you." The deliberate manner in which the general said 
this, and the apparent justice of the requisition, made his 
antagonist reflect a little on the idea of leaving a wife and five 
children to beggary; and as the affair could not well stand 
reflection, it went off. Gilpin. 




&m 



&$&*- 



CriJ-VBUILE IUSTBTJO'TOS. 




HAWAIIAN NATIVE. 



BY HOMESPUN. 



I DO not think any of my little people would know from 
this picture, whether the lady, who is a Hawaiian, is sit- 
ting astride or sideways unless they were told. So I will give 
you a short de- 
scription of the 
manner of riding, 
dress, etc., of the 
women of Hawaii. 
The Sandwich 
Islands, (called 
the Hawaiian 
Kingdom) are a 
number of small 
islands grouped 
together in the 
center of the 
Pacific Ocean. 
Each island is 
mountainous in 
the center, the 
shores being more 
or less extended. 
Ar o un d the 
islands, and on 
the table lands of 
some of the larger 
ones are built the 
little towns. The 
roads and passes 
from town to town 
are often very 
rough, narrow 
and precipitous. 
Especially is this 
the case on 
Maui. All who 
travel to any ex- 
tent are obliged 
to ride on horse- 
back, and in the 
more dangerous 
places, women 
ride astride. The 
native females al- 
ways ride thus, 
and so do nearly 
all other ladies 
when traveling 
from place to 
place. The na- 
tives, both male 
and female, are 
fine riders; and in 
truth, when one 
sees a wahine Hawaii seated on her horse, with her dark hair 
tidily braided or flowing in the breeze, her holoku (the native 
dress, made exactly like the "Mother Hubbard" wrapper now 
so fashionable) usually made of light calico or lawn, with a 
long strip of cloth which is laid over her knees and floats out 
in the wind, as seen in the picture, and riding as though a 



part of her animal, one is tempted to think the natives have 
found the secret of grace, ease and safety in horse-back riding 
for women. 

Swimming and horse-back riding are the two principal 
amusements or occupations of these people. 

The women are exceedingly neat and attractive in appear- 
ance as a rule. They love to go without shoes, but they must 

have a tidy holo- 




ku, and a dainty 
white, starched 
petticoat, which 
is shown by the 
holding up of the 
dress in one hand. 
These people 
are all very court- 
eous and friendly. 
As you are travel- 
ing on the beach 
or up in the 
mountain paths, 
you often meet 
the men or 
women riding 
easily along, and 
every native will 
greet you with 
the salutation of 
"Aloha" as they 
pass.- 

The women are 
quite reasonably 
treated by their 
male companions; 
and when you see 
the men mixing 
and kneading the 
"poi," (the 
national bread) 
sometimes even 
washing, and all 
men and women 
working together 
in the cane, you 
wonder if they 
have solved 
the problem of 
women's rights. 

They are alike 
untrue to marri- 
age vows, when it 
so pleases them; 
and if their men 
are not cast out 
for their sins 
neither are their 
women. 
The late Mrs. 

Margaret Cluff, who lived on the islands some years, used to 
laughingly relate a lit£le incident illustrative of women's rights 
on the islands. 

A wife, who had buried her husband that day, came into 
the plantation house and mourned and wailed in the most 
heart-rending manner, and utterly refused to be comforted. 



^ 




io 



J"U"ATElsriI-iE insrSTBUOTOB. 




Mrs. Cluff's tender heart was grieved, and she mourned with 
the afflicted widow. In three days the mourner again pre- 
sented herself at the house, and seated herself on the mat in 
an attitude of deep thought, prepared for a talk with Sister 
Guff. 

"Well," said Sister Guff, "what can I do for you, my poor 
woman; what is troubling you?" 

"I have SLtnanao," (meaning an idea, or a thing which I 
am studying over) said the native. 

"What is it? Confide in me and I will do all I can to aid 
you." 

"I have been thinking," said the disconsolate widow, "that 
I must get me a new husband." 

"What," exclaimed Mrs. Guff, horror-stricken, "get 
another husband when your own is not cold in his grave?" 

"Aye," replied the native, "but I must have some one to 
make poi, and to be my companion, and swim in the blue 
waves with me. My old husband is in the ground; he can't 
make poi, so I must get another." 

"Out upon ye!" cried the indignant listener, angrily 
amused, "there is no constancy or even decency about you." 

The widow departed in sorrow, thinking, no doubt, that the 
white woman was as devoid of sense, as she thought her devoid 
of decency. 



HARMONY OF GENESIS AND 
GEOLOGY. 



BY J. H. W. 




PHILOSOPHERS lay it down as a rule, that the materials 
for all revolutions, whether political, moral or social are 
prepared before-hand. A revolution in ideas and modes of 
thought is by no means an exception to this rule. The unthink- 
ing throng may gaze in wonder at the spectacle afforded by 
the sudden outburst ; but the thoughtful student will trace 
the order of events, and the forces that have been long at 
work preparing the minds of men for the new order of 
things. 

When in the latter part of the eighteenth century, Voltaire 
marshaled his arguments as a legion, and hurled his burning 
invectives against the corruptions of false Christianity, human- 
ity stood aghast at the result, for they did not perceive that 
the forces which impelled it had long been preparing. When 
the works of Voltaire and Thomas Paine appeared, society was 
in Buch a condition that many accepted their teachings as a 
relief from existing evils. Much more, many persons were 
read; to follow them into all the wild sophistries of infi- 
delity. 

The history of that time, has been to some extent repeated 
in the great ~--i»>n tifi<- revolution so vigorously at work in the 
ninteenth century. When Hugh Miller wrote his "Testimony 
of the Hooka" there were those who confidently expected that 
this work would overturn the Mosaic account of the creation; and 
a wonderful outcry was raised about the opposition between 
the records of the rock-, and the Bible. After a time it was 
found that geology demonstrates the existence, wisdom and 
goodness of an Almighty Creator with irresistible evidence. 
So when Darwin, Huxley, Hooker, Spencer and others 
■'■■■I i ' il"' world. ;i \:i>t amount of knowledge concerning 
the origin of species and the development of plants and ani- 



mals, there were those who would have gladly found an antag- 
onism between the facts of science and the records of revela- 
tion. But now it is admitted that it would be equally wonder- 
ful, and would as much require the infinite powers of Deity, 
"to develop all the varied and marvelous forms of organic 
life from a single germ as to call them into existence by special 
acts of creation. ' ' In reality we owe these philosophers a debt 
of gratitude for having studied nature so carefully and given 
us so many deeply-interesting and important facts. 

It is evidently part of the divine plan that species should 
develop from a lower to a higher condition. We see this in 
the improvements in the breeds of our domestic animals, as 
well as in the wild animals that now live, as compared with 
the remains of the ancient Saurians that once roamed over the 
earth. The doctrine of "Natural Selection" or "Survival of 
the Fittest," as Huxley terms it, is also a law of nature. We 
see this illustrated at the present time in the history of races 
of men and species of animals. The weaker races of men are 
gradually disappearing while those nations who possess the 
highest physical, mental and moral characteristics are extend- 
ing their dominion over the earth. In the history of animals 
this is likewise apparent. The gigantic, unwieldy ox, the Urus 
of C«sar, has been extinct since Roman times. The Auroch, 
another ox whose bones are frequently found in the same 
strata with extinct animals, would have been now entirely 
extinct but for the imperial edict, which preserves a few in the 
forests of Lithuania. The gigantic birds Dinornis and 
Aptornis have but recently passed away. Perfect skeletons 
of them are still preserved in the museum of Christchurch, 
New Zealand. From the measurement of these skeletons they 
are estimated to have been nearly or quite twelve feet high. 
The Dodo, a heavy, clumsy bird, of fifty pounds' weight, with 
loose, downy feathers, and imperfect wings like a new-born 
chicken, became extinct only about 150 or 200 years ago. The 
Apteryx of Australia which of all living birds most resembles 
some of the extinct species, still survives, ready to disappear- 
The lion, tiger, bison (or buffalo), elephant, rhinoceros, and, 
in fact, all the fiercer and larger animals, are even now dis- 
appearing before the advance of civilized man. 

The law of variation, as expressed by Darwin, is true with 
certain limitations. For example, every person must admit a 
vast change in the condition of the best breeds of our domestic 
swine, from their ancestors, the wild boars of medieval Europe. 
Yet nowhere can be found a single instance of transmutation 
of species. For example, if we should trace the pedigree of 
a horse backwards through a thousand generations we should 
find that the original animal was also a horse, though proba- 
bly a very inferior animal. Of all the living animals and fos- 
sil remains of extinct ones, though thousands of specimens 
have been discovered, yet of land animals and the higher 
orders of creation not a single instance of transmutation can 
be found. In all this we see a beautiful agreement with the 
divine record, "And God said, Let the earth bring forth the 
living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping 
thing, and beast of the earth after his kind : and it was so" 
(Gen. i, 24). 

True, we are told by Huxley that the embryos of different 
animals closely resemble each other, so that at an early stage 
of their existence they cannot be distinguished. But what of 
this? It only shows the unity of design in the works of the 
Creator which is one of the grand characteristics of the 
organic world. Further, it teaches us a lesson of man's ignor- 
ance and imbecility. With all the aid of science we are unable 
to perceive those minute arrangements of the atoms which 



m 




J- IT ^TIE IN- 1 LIE INSTBTJCTOR, 




will on development produce a tortoise or a fowl, a dog or a 
man. Who would presume to say that a eastle was developed 
or "evolved" from a cottage because they were built of 
similar materials or because some of the rooms were after the 
same pattern. Why then should the Divine Architect's work 
be doubted because He gives to the germs of different beings 
the power of self-development according to a specified pattern, 
which is to end in the ultimate perfection of vastly different 
organisms? 

But we are asked, is it not true that the most accurate and 
reliable geologists, have discovered in the rocky records of 
former ages the most undeniable evidence that the earliest 
birds were of a strangely reptilian character ; and that many 
of the reptiles of that age were of an extraordinary bird-like 
character? That in some cases it is difficult to determine which 
predominated to the greatest extent, the characteristics of the 
reptile, the bat or the bird? These animals were evidently 
amphibious, living either on land or in the sea. Some speci- 
mens still extant which are found in Mexico and South America 
and which are identical with, or closely resemble the extinct 
species, possess the double character of an aquatic and terres- 
trial animal. Some of them advance beyond the development 
common to the class, and from gill-breathers, fitted only to 
inhabit the water, become lung-breathers adapted to live on 
land. 

Is it not also true that the remains of the earliest birds 
indicate them to have been of an aquatic character similar to 
the cranes, gulls and pelicans of the present time? Some of 
these were destitute of horn bills which birds of the present age 
possess. On the other hand their heads resembled those of 
reptiles. Neither were their wings always covered with fea- 
thers, but in some cases their wings resembled those of the 
bat, and their feet closely resembled those of reptiles. Now, 
says the skeptic, is it not possible that reptiles and birds lived 
upon the earth previous to the creation of beasts? And, fur- 
ther, is it not possible that birds and reptiles may have been 
developed from the same original type, whereas Moses declares 
that God made the beast of the earth after his kind ? Not so 
fast, my friend. It is well known that these declarations of 
science are mere speculations, plausible indeed, but nowhere 
proven to be true. Granting all that the infidel asks, let us 
carefully read the sacred record and see if there is really any 
contradiction, 'And God said, Let the waters bring forth 
abundantly the living creature that hath life, and fowl that 
may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven" 
(Gen. i, 20). Had Moses written, 'And God now created 
every living thing that moveth in the waters," there might 
have been some reason for infidel objections. We should 
therefore especially notice that Moses does not say that this 
was the first dawn of animal life upon our globe, but simply 
that the waters were now to "bring forth abundantly the mov- 
ing creature that hath life, and fowl, etc." In all this there 
is no inconsistency between the geological and Biblical state- 
ments. On the other hand the wording of the text is such as 
to lead the student to believe that birds were of aquatic ori- 
gin, that is, lived on the water. 

(lobe Continued.) 



y*~ -^- »» 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 




MONDAY, December 3rd, 18S3, the regular meeting of the 
Union was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. Gen. 
Supt. George Q. Cannon presiding. 



Meeting opened with music by the 16th Ward Brass Band 
led by Prof. Beesley; followed by the 4th Ward Sunday school 
choir singing "Praise the Lord," Brother Thomas Lewis con- 
ductor. Bishop H. Sperry offered the opening prayer. 

Minutes of the November meeting were read and accepted. 

Asst. Supt. Peter Erickson reported the 4th Ward Sunday 
school. Though small it was a good school. The total num- 
ber enrolled was 114, and the average attendance 86, formed 
into 11 classes; another class would soon be organized. He 
had been connected with the school for a number of years and 
was pleased to say that it was growing better. The bishop and his 
counselors encouraged the school by their frequent presence. 
Good order was generally observed. A regular programme 
was carried out each Sunday, and varied so as to make the 
exercises interesting. On a former occasion, their superin- 
tendent had reported that there was not a member of the scrrOol 
that used tobacco or intoxicating drink; this, he was glad to 
state, was the case at the present time. 

Prof. E. Beesley's martial band, being present by invita- 
tion, enlivened the meeting with a tune. 

Asst. Stake Supt. T. E. Taylor, said the general efficiency of 
the Sunday schools depended largely upon the convenience 
afforded in the Ward assembly rooms for dividing the school 
into departments. Most of the city schools were favored in 
this respect, being able to take the little ones into a primary 
department, and the older ones into a theological class. His 
view of the object of the Sunday school was the train- 
ing of the children in the principles of the Gospel. To do 
this effectually, the instructors themselves should be well 
informed upon the principles they were called to teach. The 
week's lesson should be read and thought over by the teachers, 
so that they could answer questions, and explain the points 
of doctrine contained in or suggested by the lesson. 

Apostle George Teasdale made a few interesting remarks 
expressive of his high appreciation of this important work, 
which to him was a labor of love. He loved to be with chil- 
dren, and believed they were naturally inclined to be good and 
receive the truth when taught to them in a proper manner. 
He had been absent for several months, and was very much 
pleased and gratified to be present at such a meeting. 

The next exercise was an anthem rendered by Brother E. 
Stephens' first singing class of Sunday school scholars. Bro. 
Stephens remarked that the music, not the words, would be 
sung by the class. The anthem, a home composition, was of 
four pages, and the scholars saw it for the first time one week 
ago. The music was excellently rendered. Brother Stephens 
said this class would make good choir singers, and suggested 
to leaders that they might use them to good advantage. 

Asst. Gen. Supt. George Goddard announced that by the 
first of January the new music book for Sunday schools would 
be ready for sale. Price 50 cents per copy, with a liberal dis- 
count on wholesale orders. 

It was desirable to make the Sunday morning missionary 
labor in the Wards of the different Stakes, quite general. The 
idea was to have a number of interested persons visit the 
houses of the Saints every Sunday morning, before school 
begins, and encourage parents to send their children to Sun- 
day school in good time; and if any of the children were dis- 
posed to stay away from school, the visitors should labor, plead 
with and persuade them to attend to their duties. If this 
labor was done faithfully, there would be little room for the 
outside element to lead away the youth of Zion from the faith 
of their fathers. 




12 



CTTJ'VE^riLE IITSTBT70T0E, 




Then followed a fine selection by the martial and brass 
bands, combined. 

Gen. Supt. George Q. Cannon was very much gratified with 
what he had heard and witnessed. The speaker felt much 
pleased with the progress in music and singing made by the 
youth of Zion. It was commendable, and he could not help 
contrasting our present circumstances in this respect, with 
those of the early settlement of these valleys The presence 
of the bands had awakened his recollections of the music 
that was here in early days, when our only instrument- 
alists were the remnants of the Nauvoo Brass Band, with, 
perhaps half a dozen instruments. 

Nearly one-third of our Church population were now under 
eight years of age. There were also a great many between 
eight and sixteen, making a great host of children, out of 
which some 4i). i ii id were Sunday school members. The influ- 
ence of this mighty host would make a great impression on 
the generation now growing up in the world. As Sunday 
school teachers and officers, and as parents, we hardly know the 
influence and power we can wield by our teaching and 
instruction, when accompanied by the Spirit of God. We 
might think the children are too young to understand or 
appreciate our words of counsel. But incidents of his own 
experience, which he related, showed to him that the young 
children not only understood, but would treasure up in their 
hearts the instructions given them. If Sunday school teach- 
ers would take advantage of their influence over the children 
under their charge, and make a strong and united effort, they 
could do very much towards checking the growing evils of 
intemperance and the use of tobacco — evils so prevalent in 
the world that they were ruining the whole generation of 
men, and threatened the destruction of many of our youth. 

Meeting adjourned to the first Monday in January, 1884. 
Singing by the choir and Stephens' class. Benediction by 
Elder L. W. Bichards. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



/GOVERNOR MURRAY is busy in the East misrepresent- 
vJ ing the people of this Territory. A most singular position 
for a man to occupy, to be maliguing the people whose servant 
he is and for serving whom he is paid by the general govern- 
ment! He appears in a late number of the New York IlentLI, 
his interview fillin? a Wire space in that journal. When I saw 
it I was reminded of a report that was published in the same 
sheet by some disgruntled office holders of Utah, namely, 

Iras, Rranderbury and others. They were the first offi- 
cials sent to this Territory after its organization. They 
assumed many air- after reaching here, and attempted to lord 
over the people, and even threatened them with the ven- 
geance of the government. They were treated with proper 

it, but the people were insulted by .their conduct, and 
President Young ice to their feelings. They rushed 

back to the United States, made a flaming report to the gov- 
ernment, figured, as Murray now does, in the New York Her- 
ald, and th.-n Bubsided. I was on the Sandwich Islands at the 
time, and saw their report in the Herald. It created consid- 
erable excitement, and many though! this report would be a 
serious blow to the work of God. 



A few years afterwards (1859-60) I was in Washington. It 
was the first Winter of Hon. W. H. Hooper's services as Dele- 
gate in Congress and I was with him there. Among the vis- 
itors to our rooms was this Judge Branderbury. He was very 
much ashamed of the part he had taken in leaving Utah as he 
did. He blamed Broechus for misleading him, and frequently 
expressed his regrets at the course he took. He was almost 
destitute of means, and borrowed money of us to help meet 
his expenses. Poor Branderbury made nothing out of fight- 
ing the "Mormons;" he lost his position, he gained no friends, 
and he was reduced to the necessity of borrowing of the people 
who had been so outrageously attacked in the report which he 
signed. He has been dead many years now, and if it were 
not that his name was preserved among us his memory would be 
lost in oblivion. 

Broechus after leaving Utah secured an appointment as 
judge, I think in New Mexico, but for years I knew him as a 
lounger and office-seeker around Washington. He, too, was 
reduced to poverty, and lived long enough to be ashamed of 
his conduct towards Utah and her people, and to acknowledge 
that he had committed a foolish blunder, in leaving as he did 
and misrepresenting the people. 

When I saw Murray's interview I thought of the fate 
of these two judges. They thraght themselves at the time 
to be as important as Murray now thinks himself to be. Like 
them he, too, will figure for a short season and then disappear 
to be no more heard of except as the people of Utah shall 
find occasion to allude to him and his fate as an example of 
the result of tyranny and folly. 

It is a remarkable fact, which ought by this time to make 
some impression upon the enemies of the work of God, that 
no man who has ever undertaken to fight this work has pros- 
pered. Renown has never been gained in such a crusade. On 
the contrary, shame and disaster have been the invariable 
results. Presidents of the United States, Senators, Members 
of Congress, Governors of States and Territories, Judges and 
it may be said all classes of officials have essayed to injure this 
work, but without an exception they have signally failed. 
Hundreds of instances might be cited in proof of this. It is 
only yesterday that the telegraph dispatches announced the 
death of Dudley C. Haskell, member of Congress from Kan- 
sas. In the fullness of bodilj strength, with stentorian tones 
and vindictive determination, he did all in his power to urge 
the passage of the Edmunds bill through the House of Repre- 
sentatives. Not content with this, he had planned for further 
aggressions upon the liberties of the people of this Territory. 
He even contemplated, as he told me himself, that if these 
measures should not be successful in accomplishing the desired 
end, recourse would be had to the army and the system would 
be wiped out with blood. In the prime of manhood and the 
vigor of health he doubtless had little thought that his end 
was so near. But since the termination of the last session he 
has been ailing, and, as the dispatches inform us, seeking 
relief in various ways without success. He has gone to test 
the realities of another world. His fight against the work of 
God here is ended. He is now in a position to learn how 
wrong his course was. Death will come to all those who now 
fight against Zion, as well as to those who are engaged in build- 
ing up Zion. We need not be angry at each other nor clamor 
for each other's destruction; soon jr or later the friends and 
enemies of the kingdom of God will receive the summons to 
go hence, there to receive in the due time of the Lord each one 
the reward of his or her works. This reflection has furnished 
me at many times considerable consolation when I have seen 



r iS>^ e . 



the bitterness with which the enemies of this kingdom have 
fought for its overthrow. A few short years more and they 
will go hence, until then the faithful Saints can aiFord to wait. 
In the meantime the work of God is spreading and gaining a 
deeper root in the earth and is accomplishing all that the 
Lord has said it would. 



In the "Topics" of the last number the typographical 
error occurs of placing the name of Orson for Joseph Home 
in speaking of "the captain of our fifty." 



P ASSIN Gr AWAY. 



BY J. H. WARD. 



Passing away, so whispers the wind, 

As it treads on its trackless course; 
Passing away, doth the bright rill say, 

As it leaps from its crystal source. 
All passing away on the stream of time 
To oblivion's vale in a far off clime. 

Matter and man, we make no delay — ■ 

To eternity's gulf we are passing away. 

Passing away! e'en the forest leaves 

Are now growing yellow and sere; 
And the sylvan bower and the wild wood flower 

Fade along with the fading year. 
Oh ! passing away, 'tis a desolate scene 
When nature is robed in sombre sheen, 

And the winds through the leafless forests bay 

With their dismal dirge : we are passing awayl 

Passing awayl mark the furrowed brow 

And the head with the silvery hair, 
And the furrowed cheek, how they plainly speak, 

They're leaving a world of care. 
Tes, passing away even beauty's flower 
Is fading fast 'neath the spoiler's power; 

And fair and frail, to their bed of clay 

Adown in the tomb are passing away. 

Passing away! sounds the ocean wave, 

As it breaks on the beaten shore, 
And the tortured tide is left to chide 

The cliffs with their hollow roar. 
Aye, passing away! both from castle and cot, 
The places which know us, will soon know us not; 

Whether peasant or prince, nature's last debt to pay, 

At the fiat of God, we are passing away. 

Passing away; for their hour is past, 

Earth's things, they're a motly pyre; 
The monarch's throne and his sword and crown, 

Wealth, fame and the poet's lyre. 
All passing away,e'en the pomp of art 
And the pride of the despot must all depart, 

And the relics of realms must each decay, 

And the names of their great ones shall pass away. 

Passing away! even Time himself 

Bends under his load of years; 
His limbs are frail, and his cheek grows pale 

With the furrows of sorrowing tears ; 



With his broken scythe, with a silent tread, 
He is passing on to the home of the dead; 

With a bending form and locks grown gray. 

Old Time himself is passing away. 

Passing awayl how swiftly they go! 

Those scenes of our youth once dear. 
Those friends we loved are by death removed, 

And the world grows strange and drear; 
And the hopes of our yonth so oft depart, 
And the chords of love round the human heart; 

E'en the spirit grows tired of its cot of clay, 
And the essence immortal would fain pass away. 

Passing away! all but God's bright throne 

And His children's home of love; 
And His grace divine and the boundless mine 

Of God's eternal love. 
But change shall yet come on rainbow wings, 
And shall brighten the earth with happier things ; 

Though suns and stars should all decay, 

Tet God in His love shall ne'er pass away. 



►*— -^.— «H 



NIGHT scenes in a 

GREAT CITY. 



SECOND NKIHT. 



BY KENNON. 



YX 7TTILE the patrol were in the struggle of securing their 
* » prize, we were unnoticed by them ; but when they had 
completed the capture, they ordered us very emphatically to 
follow in their wake. Our boatman, while he seemed nothing 
loth, still kept his head bowed, thereby hiding his face ; and 
I fancied from his manner that he desired to escape recogni- 
tion. The little fleet proceeded to the nearest dock, and here 
the whole party, except the patrol, were consigned to the care 
of the custom officers. When the remainder of the illicit 
cargo was landed one glance sufficed, to show its nature. It 
was opium. At first, before any was thrown overboard, it 
must have been an immensely valuable cargo ; for the chief 
of the customs estimated the duty on the remainder at 
$7,0U0. 

I did not like the idea of being marched along to prison 
under care of a lot of officers whose success had made them 
merry and sarcastic ; nor did I like my associates. Our boat- 
man now looked like a villain and as 1 saw him more clearly 
in the growing light of morning, I felt a thrill of horror in 
recalling how completely we had been in his power out on the 
dark and lonely water ; while the faces of the smugglers were 
not at all reassuring, for they were grim and black with defeat 
and with the promise of severe punishment for their crime. 
Flynn carried himself with a jaunty, self-possessed air ; and, 
as he informed me, really enjoyed the adventure. The fact 
that he had been placed under arrest, along with a crowd of 
smugglers and a questionable-looking boatman, seemed no 
annoyance to him. Rather he exulted in it, for, as he whis- 
pered to me, "it gave unrestricted opportunity to watch the 
case." 

When we reached the jail it was daylight — the only hour dur- 
ing the twenty-four that the place could have been found renting, 
apparently, from its wearisome, disgusting toil of receiving in 
its black bosom the thief, the murderer, and sometimes the 
injured innocent. But we were given no time to moralize ; for 





14= 



J" TT "VEIN" I LIE I1TSTBTJCTOR. 





taking us each, in turn, our names and occupations were 
demanded — we had all been entered on the books already 
under the general bead of "Smugglers caught carrying a 

cargo of opium from the China steamer at Pacific docks." 

When it came my turn to answer, Flynn gave my arm a pinch, 
and replying for me said, "My name is Tom Flynn, and I am 
a reporter for the Times. In the semi-darkness of the 
gloomy station-house, this play remained unnoticed except by 
our boatman, who was watching us intently. It was Flynn's 
chance next and for himself he said, "Me name's Mike Con- 
roy; and me and me pardner here," pointing to the boatman, 
"wuz out on the wather with his honor, Mr. Flynn." 

My friend was evidently trying to perpetrate a harmless 
joke upon justice, or testing his capacity as a character actor ; 
and he might have succeeded admirably but for the real boat- 
man who cried out, "Bad cess to him to call me his pardner! 
Mister Officer, they're both smugglers. They hired me to go out 
wid 'em, and they watched the .Chaney steamer till the 
opium got away and then they made me row ahead of the 
WhitehaE. This chap's the chief of the gang," he said, 
pointing to Flynn. 

The latter had crushed his hat into a slouchy shape and 
had buttoned his ulster closely around his person while we were 
on the dock, so that he might, in the uncertain light, have 
easily passed for a water-front character as he claimed to be. 
But the indignant boatman at the close of his speech 
approached the reporter and by a dexterous movement, he 
threw open the latter's ulster, and taking off the crushed hat 
restored it to its pristine shape and gloss. There stood my 
friend revealed in full evening costume. The boatman 
laughed sneeringly, and said, "Yis, its the fashion wid us to 
wear swallow-tail coats and white chokers! What an illigant 
boatraau you do make!" 

While all this was passing, Flynn remained reasonably cool, 
though mystified; but I was in a fever of annoyance. I 
thought, "Oh, this wretch of a boatman! Either through 
his stupidity or his malice he will involve us in the disgrace of 
a trial if not worse." 

Small time was allowed for reflection. Already the party 
headed by policemen had begun to walk down one of the 
dusky corridors, and we were ordered to follow in line; when 
the boatman, suddenly releasing his face from the grin which 
it had been wearing, and removing a huge neck-cloth which 
had half-hidden his chin, appeared apparently in proper per- 
son. With ;i frank, hearty laugh he extended his hand to 
Flynn, and whispered, "What a shame for us two Irishmen to 
play tricks on each other! But I should have continued the 
ioke and seen you well incarcerated, only that I saw we were 
frightening your friend out of his wits. Introduce me, Flynn, 
and drop the brogue: you are getting too thick a tongue for 
the delicate roll* and trills and inflections of the old speech." 
My orest-fallen friend soon made me acquainted with Detect- 
ive Dao Leahy, and a few words to the captain of police speedily 
released us fmni the noisome place. 

When we were well away, and had separated from Leahy, 
tha reporter, who had been holding a low conversation with 
the detective, said: "Now tl re's a smart fellow. He was at 

V street wharf, ready to follow the patrol, when we reached 

there just after tiny had gone. Be waited fur us to go away, 
90 that his departure ruieht be unobserved; but as we failed to 
go, he was just concluding to shove off and trust to the dark- 
ness, when he discovered my identity, and invited us to go 
with him. He kept up his disguise because he didn't know 
you, and he feared to be balked in his scheme. He had 



learned some of the plans of the smugglers, and you saw how 
he accomplished their capture. He tells me that his share of 
the captured booty for this night's work won't be less than 
$4,000, almost enough, added to what he has already saved, to 
justify him in retiring from so dangerous a profession." 
( To be continued.) 



THE BENEFITS OF HEADING REALIZED. 



BY W. F. B. 



Early in the month of July, 1S79, there lived 
in a small mining village, in Ohio, near the banks 
of the Tuscarawas river, a lad whom we will call 
Frank. At home he was called a regular book- 
worm, because in his leisure moments he always 
had a book or paper in his hand to read. One day 
he was reading an incident of how to act in case 
of a person drowning. It was to take a stick and 
reach it to the drowning person, so as to avoid 
being caught in his grasp and thus perhaps being 
drowned with him. 

Not long after this Frank and a number of com- 
panions were in the river swimming, a few miles 
above the town of Navarre. The boys that could 
swim were in deep water above a riffle, while those 
that could not swim were bathing where it was 
shallow. Just below this riffle the river turns its 
course and makes a whirlpool, that is very deep. 
Most of the boys would climb upon a rock on the 
river bank and dive oft' one after the other into the 
water. In the midst of their enjoyment they were 
startled by one of their companions exclaiming, 
"Johnny is drowning!" 

In an instant Frank remembered the article he 
had read, and as he ran along the bank towards the 
whirlpool (a distance of a hundred yards) he 
picked up a stick. After getting into the water he 
saw Johnny sink for the last time. Frank swam 
out and the moment the stick touched Johnny he 
clutched it as with a death-grip, and was safely 
drawn to the shore. Frank was thus able to 
stive his friend from a watery grave. 

The young Latter-day Saints should especially 
try to learn useful principles from instructive 
books. We may thereby be the instruments in the 
hands of God, to save an erring brother from the 
fearful gulf of sin in which he may be flounder- 



ing. 




J- TJ YEIT I LIE IITSTBTJOTOB, 



15 




We frequently see some of our young men who 
have disregarded the teaching of their parents, 
and drifted off with the tide of intemperance. 
In such cases it is our duty to hold forth the stick 
of brotherly love with which we may be the 
means of regaining them from the snare into 
which they have fallen. 



LORD NELSON. 

{Continued from page 374, Vol. xviii.) 

AFTER the battle of St. Vincent, Nelson hoisted his flag 
on board the Theseus, and took the command of the inner 
squadron in the blockade of Cadiz. Making an attack by 
night, his barge was encountered by an armed launch, and a 
struggle of extraordinary ferocity took place, the English and 
Spanish fighting hand to hand. The odds against Nelson 
were fearful, but nothing could withstand his courage and that 
of his men. Eight of the Spaniards having been killed the 
others surrendered with the launch. Nelson was repeatedly 
in danger of being cut down ; and he was twice saved by John 
Sykes, his coxswain, who not only parried blow after blow, 
but interposed his own head to save that of his com- 
mander. 

After this adventure Nelson received orders to proceed to 
Santa Cruz, and to make a sudden assault on that town. 
Accordingly he sailed with four ships of the line, three fri- 
gates, and the Fox cutter, and on the 24th of July, having 
previously attempted in vain to gain the hights above the fort, 
he brought his ships to anchor about two miles to the north 
of the town, with the intention of attacking. About six on 
the evening of that day a signal was made, and at eleven all 
the boats, with six or seven hundred men, and the Fox cutter 
with a hundred and eighty, made for the town. After rowing 
for more than an hour without being observed, they got within 
gun-shot of the landing-place. But at that point they were 
descried by the enemy ; and Nelson ordered fhe boats to cast 
off from each other, give a loud hurrah, and row for the 
shore. 

Scarcely, however, had the cheer subsided when the bells 
of Santa Cruz rang, and the enemy's guns opened fire. The 
courage of the men was proof against the danger ; but the 
night was unfortunately so dark that most of them, not seeing 
the mole, went ashore through the raging surge ; and the Fox 
cutter, which received a shot under water, began to sink 
rapidly. 

Meantime Nelson, in the act of stepping out of his boat and 
drawing his sword, received a shot through his right arm. 
The shock threw him back into the boat, and his sword fell into 
the water. Recovering himself, he groped in the water for 
the weapon, and grasped it firmly in the left hand, while the 
companions of his peril placed him in the boat, and bound the 
wound with a handkerchief. But, roused at that moment by 
a cry of distress from the cutter, he forgot his wound, and 
exerted himself so energetically that eighty of the men were 
saved. 

The attack on Santa Cruz having utterly failed, Nelson 
allowed himself to be rowed to the Theseus, and a chair was 
brought that he might be taken easily on board. But he was 
so anxious to send the boat back to the aid of the cutter that 



he refused to wait. Catching hold of a rope with his remain- 
ing hand, he twisted it round his arm, and sprang boldly up 
the side of the ship. 

"Now," said Nelson as he reached the deck, "tell the sur- 
geon to make haste with his instruments. I know I must lose 
my right arm, so the sooner it is off the better." 

Nelson, after this unfortunate adventure, was compelled to 
return to England, and in September he reached London, 
dejected at the failure of his enterprise and the loss of his 
arm. For three months he suffered acutely ; and he was stay- 
ing in Bond Street and experiencing much pain, when the 
metropolis was illuminated in honor of Admiral Duncan's 
victory over the Dutch fleet, and a violent knocking was soon 
heard at the door. 

"Why don't you illuminate ? " roared the populace. 

"Admiral Nelson is here," replied the servant; "he is in 
bed, and so ill that the least disturbance may be fatal." 

"Admiral Nelson ! " said one of the leaders; "that alters 
the case. You'll hear no more of us to-night." 

The leader of the populace kept his word ; and Nelson grad- 
ually recovering, found himself, about the Spring of 1798, in 
a condition to return to sea. Accordingly, he sailed in the 
Vanguard to rejoin Lord St. Vincent. Almost immediately 
he was dispatched with a squadron to ascertain the object of 
the armament which Bonaparte was then preparing for the 
east. While Nelson was in the Gulf of Lyons a severe gale 
dispersed his ships, and about the time the French fleet passed 
within a few leagues ; but owing to the thick and stormy 
weather, his shattered squadron was not observed by the 
foe. 

Unaware of the danger he had almost providentially escaped, 
Nelson rapidly refitted, and having been re-enforced by twelve 
of Lord St. Vincent's best ships, among which was an old 
acquaintance, the Culloden, Nelson set out in pursuit of the 
French. Having no instructions he acted on his discretion, 
and sailed for Alexandria; but, not finding an enemy to 
encounter, he returned to Sicily. Believing, however, that 
the French were bound for Egypt, he resolved to seek them 
once more at the mouth of the Nile. "Be assured," he wrote 
to Sir William Hamilton, the English ambassador at Naples, 
"I will return either crowned with laurel or covered with 
cypress." 

It was the morning of the 1st of August, 1798, when 
Nelson came in sight of Alexandria. From intelligence received 
during the voyage he had little doubt of this time finding the 
enemy, and he was not disappointed. The port, which at his 
former visit had been solitary, was now crowded with ships, 
and the tri-color flag was waving haughtily from the 
walls. 

Admiral Brueys, who commanded the French fleet, was of 
that greatNorman family which in another age had produced the 
hero King of Scots. Much superior in force to Nelson in 
ships, guns and men, and somewhat confident of victory in 
case of a conflict, Brueys had already delivered it as his pri- 
vate opinion that the English admiral had made a point of 
missing him, from not deeming it prudent to try conclusions 
with such a foe. Not being able to enter the port of Alexan- 
dria, which was ruined, the French admiral had moored his 
ships in Aboukir Bay, and formed them in so strong and 
compact a line that the French believed they could bid defi- 
ance to a force more than double their own. 

( T.0 be Continued. ) 



16 



uTJ"V"EIsriZ_.El IITSTBTJOTOE;. 



1 



JOY TO THE WORLD! THE LORD WILL COME. 



Music by T. C. Griggs. 



Moderate, ff 



dim. 



ores. 



r±_+ 




t—t 



.hi 1 > 


1 h 1 S 


J J 




j i 


i 


«"^^1 




-Jf-J- — miv — • «. — 

EST * — 


S—jt *=** 


— »j— — »- 


=£= 


*• J. 


— *- 


— aj-«'-^ — 


--^=^-f 


heart pre 


- pare Him 


room, 
r— r 


And 

— 1^-, 

— m — 


Saints and 

i 

< J. n 


-Jt 

an 


_ S _ - |_ - L_I 
- gels 

•J. i 


sing. 

*' * "1 


■*~*b- 










^■rS^ 


-£ 


U 


— m'- w-^- 1 

r r a 



Rejoice! rejoice! when Jesus reigns, 

And Saints their songs employ; 
While fields and floods, rocks, hills and plains, 

Repeat the sounding joy. 



Rejoice ! rejoice in the Mns* High ! 

While Israel fpreads abroad, 
Like stars that glitter in the sky, 

And ever worship God. 



THE RICHEST PRINCE. 




Praising both the worth and number 
Of their lands in vaunting terms, 
Once sat many German princes 
In th' imperial hall at Worms. ^, 

"Fair my land, and great its power!" 
Thus the Saxon ruler cried, 
"In the bosom of its mountains 
Deep the veins of silver hide." 

"See my land in teeming fullness!" 
Spake th' elector of the Rhine, 
"Golden corn-fields in the valleys, 
On the mountains sparkling wine" 

"Mighty cities wealthy convents!" 
Louis spake, Bavaria's lord; 
"Prove that not my land in treasures, 
Doth to yours the palm accord." 

Wurtembcrg's beloved master, 
Eberhard, the bearded, cried, 
"I possess no wealthy cities, 
Hills where silver doth not hidel 

"But one gem my land conccaleth, 
This: where'er in woods I rest, 
I may lay my head in -iifety 
On each subject's faithful breast." 



The Bavarian and Saxon, 
He, too, of the Rhine then cried, 
"Count, thou art indeed the richest, 
In thy land rare jewels hidel" 

Translated from the German. 



One of the greatest of a great man's qualities is success ; 
'tis the result of all the others; 'tis a latent power in him 
which subjugates fortune and compels the favor of .the gods. 
— Esmond. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory! 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 



GEORGE Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 



