
i^jltjXj IP i^. El j^ g h: I int g- j^t! jk. t s: IE 3sr s 






IN the engraving, ■wliicli we give below, we see a man in the 
attitude of speaking to a crowd of people. We see 
magnificent buildings and a fine monument. The pavement 
on which the.v are standing is verj' elegant. 

The man whom you see preaching is Paul. The city is 
Athens, a city of Greece. The people you see around are 
Athenians. Athens at one time was called the finest city and 
its people the most pohshed and enhghtened people in the world 
This is the Gentile idea of that city and its people. Yet the 
Grecians were idolaters. They worshiped a great many false 
gods. Jupiter, or Jove, was the chief among them. They had 
one whom they called 
Mars. He was the god 
of war. The hill where 
Paul preached was call- 
ed Areopagus, or Mars' 
hill, after the name of 
that god. You see a 
statue standing with a 
spear in its right hand 
and a buckler on its lefc 
arm. It has a helmet 
on its head, and its back 
is towards you. We 
suspect that statue is 
intended to represent 
Mars. At any rate, it is a 
figure of a Grecian war- 
rior, and 'fl was as such 
that Jlars was represent- 
ed. Athens was noted 
for its philosojiby, much 
(if which, however, was 
false. When the 
Athenian philosophers 
heard of Paul prcacliing about Jesus and tlie resurrection in 
their city, such ideas were new to them. They called liim a 
babbler, and a setter forth of strange god.s. Yet they wanted 
to hear liiin speak. In the seventh chapter of Acts, which 
gives an account of Paul's visit there, it is said that "all tlie 
Athenians, and strangers which were there, spent their time in 
notliiiig else, but cither to tell or to hear some new thing." 
1'liiy took Paul, tlicrefbre, to Areiijingus, that is, to JMars' hill. 

'I'hcro was a tribunal held on this hill which was calle<l after 
the liill itself. 'J'his trihnnal was sovereign. High ('rimes, 
impiety and immorality were tried Ijcfore it. It was a very 
famous court. No one could be a member of the court until 
be had been a chief magistrate. Tlio judges sat in tlie opeti 
air and at night And, why do you think they held tlieir 




court at night? In the day time they might be diverted by 
what they saw; the presence and actions of the speakers also 
might have influence upon them. So they met at night, for 
they prided themselves on being very impartial. 

We are not told whether the tribunal sat when Paul preached 
or not. Likely not. They probably took him there, because 
they were accustomed to having new ideas discussed there. 
Some of the people seem to be listening very quietly to Paul. 
They look as though thej' were criticising all he said. Proba- 
bly they were the philosophers. Others appear to be talking 
to one another about him and his doctrines. Others have 

unbelief written on their 
faces. They mock. But 
look at that man in the 
foreground and corner 
of the engraving. He is 
deeply interested. What 
eagerness, mingled with 
joy and reverence do we 
see on his face! His at- 
titude shows that Paul's 
testimony about Jesus 
and the gospel has struck 
home to him. He feels 
that be has found the 
"pearl of great price." 
This may be intended to 
represent Dionysius, who, 
we are told, believed 
the gospel there. The 
figure next to him, is also 
very attentive. We can 
only see a part of the 
face. If it were a 
woman, we should say Jt 
was Damaris. She also believed, and, doubtless, joined the 
church. There were a few others who believed; but not nianj'. 
The Athenians were fuU of the learning of the world. Like 
people of that kind in these days, they had no room for the 
gospel. Their pride and vain philosophy shut the doors of 
their hearts, and the spirit of (jod and the testimony of His 
.servant could not enter. They rejected the gospel and they 
lierished in their .sins. 



HABITS. — Habits influence the character, as under-currenfs 
influence a ve.s.sel; and wiielher ihey speed us on the way of 
our wislies, or retard our progress, their effect is not the les 
important because imporcoptiblo. 



i^. 





0" TJ "^^ El ItT I IL, E in^STI^TJCTOI?/, 



T'Co 



f W 



Fur the Juvenile Instruclot; 
PRAY K II . 
A TRUE STOKY, 
LsECONl) PART.] 



4 LL little cliilJrcii sliouIJ know liow to pray to the great 
XX Father of heaven and earth, and what to pray for. 

When you ask your earthly parents for anything, they some- 
times refuse to give you what you ask for; but when your wise 
and good iiarents have it in their power to grant what you ask 
for, and it is right that you should possess it, it is very .seldom 
that yitiu ask them fur blessings in vain. 

So it is when you pray to God in the name of Jesus Christ. 

When you pray to him in the name of Jesus Christ, and 
your prayers are not answered, it is, very likely, because you 
have asked for things that are not good for you to have. 

I once knew a little boy who believed every thing his mother 
told him. So, one day, she told him that he ought to pray to 
God in the name of Jesus, and the Lord would answer his 
prayers by sending him whatsoever ho asked for in faith. At 
night, when he went to bed he pra3'ed to the Lord and said, 
"O Lord, send me some horses." 

Li the morning lie got up bright and early and ran to the 
door, before his eyes were quise open, and before lie was 
dressed, to .«ee if the horses he liad i)raycd for were tied to the 
fence; but to his astonishment they were not there, and so he 
ran to his mother crying and saying, ''the Lord has not sent me 
the horses I prayed for. ' 

Here, his mother was obliged to make quite a lengthy 
explanation, showing why the Lord had not sent the horses as 
her little son had asked Him to do. 

Tliat little boy asked the Lord for something which was not 
good for him to have at that time, but when he becomes a man 
and can take care of liorses, and use them for his good ami the 
poodiif the Lord's people, then tlie Lord will no doubt bless 
him so nuuh that lie can have some horses. 

The Loid desires littlr children to jiray unto Ilim, but not as 
the people prayed in the class meeting. There is no need of 
Bhouting with a loud vuice and beating the chairs and tables to 
make your prayers heard, for the Lord is not deaf tliat he can- 
nr>t licar your words even if they arc spoken in a whisper, yea, 
he knows your very thought.s. 

Jesus ('hrist taught his discijiles Imw to pray, sayinj.', "but 
when you pray, use not vain repetitiuns, as tlie lieathcn do, for 
they think that they can be heard fi)r their much siicaking. 
I5e not ye. therefnrc. like unto them; for your Father knoweth 
what thiiiL's yc have need of before ye ask him. After this 
manner pray ye: 

'■()ur P'athcr which art in hi'aven, hallowed be thy name. 
Thy kingdom come. 'I'by will be done on earth as it is in 
heaven. (live us this ilay our daily bread. ForL'ivc us our 
deV>ts. as wc furgive cmr debtors. And lead us not into tempta- 
tion, but deliver us from evil. For thine is tlie kingdom, and 
the power, and the glory, forever. Amen." 

This is the Lord's iirayer. learn it, my Iktle children, and say 
it evcrj' day with your hearts and desires nidifted to your Father 
who is in heaven. And then you may jiray for your fatliers 
and mothers, and brothers and si.-tcrs. and for the Saints of 
God in all the world, for His serii'aut Urigham the projihet and 



leader of Israel, and for his brethren of the holy priesthood, and 
fijr the sick, and the aged and infirm, for the blind and the 
lame and the helpless of your friends, pitying them and desir- 
ing blessings to come upon them. And then thank the Lord, 
praise Him in your hearts for all blessings which you daily 
receive, for food and clothing, and home, and friends, for your 
good and kind ])arents and relatives, that you are not alone as 
it were in the world; and for His iirophets and apostles and 
teachers of the last days who have brought to us the gospel of 
.salvation. And pray that you may have the .'spirit of the Lord 
to help j'ou to study your lessons, to overcome your angry 
passions, and to prepare you to become men and women of 
God. 

Little George played at the front door of his master's hou.se 
as well as he could do so himself, for he had not made the 
acquaintance of any boys yet, and so he had nobody to play 
with. He was happy, however, and did not trouble himself 
about anything, he did not hate anybody not even the bad boy 
who abused him so in the chapel. 

The spring-time sun was .setting, and the great white clouds 
were fringed with the rich crimson of his departing rays. George 
admired the bright colors, and imagined that he saw a thousand 
different shapes in the slowly passing clouds. And then the 
crows were returning home to a neighboring rookery, talking 
and chattering to each other in their way as they flew along. 
And the birds were chirping in the green hedge, and now and 
then a sparrow or a bulltiiich might be seen carrying a tuft of 
moss to make soft a nest for its future l.irood. The little 
stranger in his loneliness was pleased and delighted with the 
grand pictures of nature around him, looking upon them as 
children do. 

He had stood some time by the front window of his master's 
house leaning against the wall, wondering at what he saw, 
vhen a man — a red-faced, fresh-looking, lusty man — with a 
white apron in front of him. and white sleeves tied above his 
elbows and around his wrists, carrying two large milk cans, one 
on each side of him, hanging from a yoke of wood fitting nicely 
on his neck behind, and extending be.vond his shoulders; I say 
this man and milk cans suddenly came round the corner crying, 
"curds and whey, curds and whey, curds and whey." 

In a minute the kind mistre.ss came to the door with a pint 
howl, gave George a penny and told him to go and buy some 
curds and whey for his supper. He did so and his kind mis- 
tress sweetened it with sunar. gave him a big piece of good 
bread and butter, and he had a good supper. The whole 
family now prepared to go to chapel, and little Geoige sat by 
the side of his kind mistress. 

U.MLE George. 



J^ TJ InT T I E ' S 



r the JurrnHc Instructor, 

Xj E T T E K. 



Dkam Lrni.E Giui.s: — 

TW.VNT to have a cliat with you. Do you know that you 
are very lovely to us o/d /oI/ck, when you act well, and 
behave pro]ierly? Youth is the most c.-iptivatini; season of life, 
babes are very sweetl Oh, .so sweet! Kveiy one loves the little 
babes, they look so helpless, so innocent and their life is so very 
yiiuii;/; but they cannot talk to us, nor understand what we say 
to them, yet if we look kindly on them with our eyes, and 
soften our words, and chirj) and crow to them, they act as if 
they knew we were fond of them, and look i)Ieased in return. 
Well, this is the first dawning of sense in a human being. Now, 
I want you, my little girl.-, to think about how this .«ense or 
rea.son increases as the baby grows older, and it becomes a little 



!^3^ 



4\ 



^^ 




CTTJ^En^ILE i3^st:k>tjotoi?> 



19 



child, and can run about, and ask so many questions, and show 
when it is pleased and when it is angry, when it loves, and 
when it docs not love. I love the dear, sweet, little babes, and 
the noisv, i)layful little children, oh, very much indeed! and 
the little girls who can read pretty stories in books, and read 
the Jtrsrr.Nri.K Instructor, that Brother Cannon has kindly 
brought into existence for the instruction and amusement of" the 
youth of both sexes. And as I have been acquainted with a 
great many little girls, I would like to write their histories, from 
time to time, if you would like to hear them. This is all I can 
write about now. Auntie. 



L I IF E OIF a- E o lE^ a- E 
STEimsisrsoisr. 



Taken from a little work — The 'RocKKT—publislied by the 
Americcm Tiact /Society. 



THE TWO CITIBS TRTINO AGAIN — BUGBEARS. 



THE Darlington and Stockton enterprise could not fail to be 
known at Liverpool, and a drift of opinion gradually 
began t« set strongly in favor of the railway. People talked 
about it in good earnest. 

"A railway!" cried the canal owners, "it is absurd — it is 
only got up to frighten us; it will slump through as it did 
before." They were easy. 

"Let us go to Darlington and Killlngworth, and see for our- 
selves," said the merchants; and four gentlemen were sent on 
a visit of inquiry. They went first to Darlington, where the 
works were in vigorous progress, though not done. It was in 
1824, the year before they where finished. Here they met 
Stephenson. He took them to Killing worth to see "Puffing 
Billy." 

Seeing was believing. "Billy's" astonishing feats won them 
completely over, and they went back to Liverpool warm for a 
railroad. Their clear and candid report convinced merchants, 
bankers, and manufacturers, who gave a verdict in its favor. 
Public opinion was now coming over. 

Books were opened for funds. There was no lack of sub- 
scribers. Money was ready. To be sure of the safety of 
locomotive power, a second deputation was sent to Killingworth, 
taking with them a practical mechanic, better able to judge 
about it than themselves. The man had sense enough to see 
and to own that while he could not insure safety over nine or 
ten miles an hour, there was nothing to be afraid of slower than 
that. Then a third body went. The enterprise required 
caution, they thought. 

Yes, it did. 

Having decided upon steam power, the next thing was to 
secure the right sort of man to carry on the work. Stephenson 
was that man. His energy and ability were indispensable. 
Before trying to get a charter from Parliament, the route 
needed to be surveyed again, and a careful estimate of expenses 
made. 

The Stockton road done, Steplienson was free to engase in 
this new enterprise, his success in that proving his principles 
true on a larger scale. 

The canal owners now took alarm. They saw there was a 
dangerous rival, and they came forward in the most civil and 
conciliator}' manner, professing a wish to oblige, and oftoriiig to 
put steam power on their canals. It was too late. Their day 
had gone by. 

You know the violent oi)position made to a former survey. 
IIow would it be again? Did three years scatter the ignorance 
out of which it grow? Ah, no. There was little if any im- 
provement. The surveyors were watched and dogged by niglit 



and by day. Boys hooted at them, and gangs of rowdies 
threatened them with violence. Mr. Stephenson barely escaped 
duckings, and his unfortunate instruments capture and destruc- 
tion. Indeed, he had to take with him a body-guard to defend 
them. Much of the surveying had to be done Ijy stealth, when 
people were at dinner or at meeting, or with a daik lantern at 
Tiight. When dukes and lords headed the hostility, you cannot 
wonder that their dependents carried it on. One gentleman 
declared he would rather meet a highwayman or see a burglar 
on his premises than an engineer. And of the two elas.ses, he 
thought the former more respectable! Widows complained of 
damaged cornfields, and gardeners of their violated strawberry 
beds; and though Stephenson well knew that in many cases not 
a whit of damage had been done, he paid them for fancied 
injuries in hope of stopping their tongues. 

A survey made under such circumstances nmst needs have 
been imperfect, but it was as good as could be made. And no 
time was lost in taking measures to get a bill before Parliament- 

A storm of opposition against railways suddenly arose and 
spread over every corner of the kingdom. Jsewsjiapers and 
pamphlets swarmed with articles crying them down. Canal 
and turnpike owners spared no pains to erush them. The most 
extraordinary stories were set afloat concerning their dangers. 
Boilers would burst, and passengers be blown to atoms. Houses 
along the way would be burnt; the air would become black with 
smoke and poisoned by cinders, and property on the read be 
stripped of its value. 

The Liverpool and Manchester bill, however, got into Parlia- 
ment, and went before a committee of the House of Commons 
to decide upon it, in Blarch, lSl!5. 

First its friends had to show the necessity of some new mode 
of travel between the two cities, and that was not difficult 
to do. 

But when it came to asking for liberty to build a railway and 
run a locomotive, the matter was more difficult to manage. And 
to face the tremendous opposition rallied against it, the pluck 
of its friends was severely tried. 

The battle had to be fought inch by inch. 

Stephenson of course was the chief witness for locomotives. 
But what headway could he, an uneducated Northumbrian 
mechanic, make against members of Parliament, backed by all 
the chief engineers of the kingdom. For very few had faith 
in him; but those few had strong faith. He was examined and 
cross-examined. They tried to bully him, to puzzle him, to 
frighten him. On the subject of locomotives his answers were 
clear. He declared he could drive an engine and drive it safely 
at the rate of twelve miles an hour! 

"Who can believe what is so notoriously in the teeth of all 
experience?" cried the opposition; "the witness is a madman!" 

Famous engineers were called on the stand. What had they 
to .say? One declared the scheme a most wild one. He had no 
confidence in locomotives. They were affected by tlie wind, the 
weather; with difficulty were kept on the track, and were liable 
to constant accidents; indeed, a gale of wind would render it 
impossible to ."^tart a locomotive, either by iioking the fire or 
keeping u\> the .steam till the boiler should burst: they could 
never be relied on." 

To he Co)itiiiHcd. 



NEVER FRET.— Children, I have a capital rule to give 
you about fretting and gnmdjling — a very short rule, which is 
worth your while to recollect, if you want to cultivate content- 
ment: Never fret ahoiit tvhat you can't help, because! it won't do 
any good: Never fret ahout irliat you, can help, because if you 
can help it, do so. When you are tempted to grmnble about 
anything, ask your.sclf, "Can I help this?" and if you can't, 
don't fret; but if you can, do so, and sec how much better you 
will I'cel. 



I 



fec^ 



^^= 



^■^ so 



crTJ^En^iHiEi i3srsTs.xjOToi?. 




®T!it SufJi^ttil^ ittslcutfor* 



¥ 



V 



FEBRUARY 1, ISOS. 



FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 

Eepublislied from No. 1. with their answers: — 




ATELY in conversation with a school- 
master of considerable experience in his 
business, both before and since he came 
here, he remarked that he could perceive 
a difl'"rence between his scholars who ate 
flesh meat and those who did not. The 
flesh-eaters were not so bright and lively 
as those whose food was vegetable. Thej- 
were duller and heavier iu the action of 
their minds. 
How many of our little readers are there who 
know this? We think not many. They are not 
old enough to be able to toll what kind of food 
agrees with them best. They eat whatever their 
parents give them. If their fathers and mothers 
eat meat, and give it to them, they eat it. If their 
parents use tea and coff'ee, and give those drinks to 
their children, they drink them. After they get old 
enough to know for themselves what is good fortlicm. 
then they sometimes change thair food and eat what they think 
suits them. 

Until this school-master made his remark, we did not know 
that a teacher could tell any diflercnce between his pupils who 
ate meat and those who did not. We knew there was a differ- 
ence. We had felt it in our own person. When we eat meat 
our brain is sluggish, and does not work so well as when vege- 
tables are our food. This is especially the case in the summer 
time. The Lord has said that it is pleasing unto him that the 
fle^-h of beasts and fowls should not be used only in tinies of 
winter, or of cold, or famine. And even then they are to be 
used sparingly. He has told us this in the "Word of Wisdom." 
Now, if children wi^h to be good scholars, and to grow up to 
be healthy and strong men and women, they will not eat much 
meat. If they were starving, then they could do so, and it 
would be all right. But we have plenty of food, and we have 
no need to cat the bark of trees, or to have sawdust mixed 
with our bread because we have not flour enough, as they 
have to do in some parts of Sweden where a famine is 
raging just now. Numbers of peojile have died there lately 
for the want of food. But in our land the Lord has given us 
wheat, corn, pfitatoes and other vegetables, and choice fruit of 
various kinds in abundance. There is no lack of articles to 
cat, without killing .sheep and oxen and fowls, and living upon 
them. We do not mention hogs, for, we believe, if wc only 
knew the eflFect their meat ha.s upon our bodies, it would never 
be eaten by us. Still, we have all been accustomed to use it, 
and many persons like it better than any other moat. 

We hope the Juvenii.e.s who read will think of these 
things. Do not get into the habit of eating and drinking 
articles that are not good for you. If you do nut get into such 
habit,s you will never hanker after them. You will be as well 
satisfied in eating vegetable food as you would be if you were 
to eat flesh-meat, yes and we think better satisfied. You will 
be better satisfied in drinking v ater, or milk, than you would 
be if you wore to drink tea and coflco. 




Kind Words never wear out the tongue. 



101. "What time was the school for the Elders, or the "School 
of the Prophets" established in Kirthmd? 

During tlie winter of 1834-3.5. 

102. When were the Twelve Apostles chosen? 
February 4th, 1S35. 

103. By whom wliere they chosen, and how? 

By the thx-ee witnesses, who, each one, prayed, and then 
chose twelve men from the church, as Apostles. 

104. Wliat were the names of tlie Twelve, when arranged in 
a quorum? 

Thomas B. Marsh, David W. Patten, Brigham Young, Heber 
C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, William E. McLellin, Parlcv P. 
Pratt, Luke Johnson, William Smith, Orson Pratt, Johu ¥. 
Boynton and Lyman E. Johnson. 

10.5. When was a selection of brethren made to organize the 
first fjuoruni of Seventies? 

February 28th, 1835. 

106. Who was ordained the next day as one of the Presidents 
of the Seventie.s? 

Pi-esident Joseph Young. 

107. When did the Twelve start from Kirtland on their mis- 
sion to the Eastern States? 

On the 4tli of iWay, 1835. 

108. What were brought to Kirtland, to be exhibited, in Julv 
of 1835? 

Four Egyptian mummies, and some rolls of papyrus which 
were covered w-ith writing and figures. 

109. What did Joseph find in interpreting the characters. 
That one of the rolls contained the writings of Abraham, and 

another the writings of Joseph who was sold into Egypt. 

110. When was the Book of Covenants presented to the 
Church for its acceptance as a law and rule of faitli? 

At a general a.ssembly of the church, held in Kirtland, 
August 17th, 1835. 



For the Jiivrnilc Instructor. 

IIZSTOI?.^' OIF CTESXJS. 

chapter XII. 

VfOTHING could exceed the joy and astonishment of the 
XA apostles and the other friends of Jesus, when they were 
convinced that ho had really arisen from the dead. Had they 
comprehended liis sayings previous to his death, his resurrec- 
tion woidd have been no surprise to them; but thinking that 
ho had come to reign temporally, a king over the people of 
Israel, every hope and expectation of their hearts were blasted 
when they saw him expire on the cross. They saw nothing 
before them but grief and mortification — their minds were tilled 
with darkness and their souls with sorrow, 

O what a sad world this would have been to all of us, if 
Jesus had not come linth from that sejiulchre! If he liad not 
heen resurrected we could never be, and the blessed assurance 
of a glorious resurrection to life and immortality beyond the 
grave, Wduld not, as it does now, animate our imsums. With 
all the triumphant joy that those ancient Saints and apostles 
felt when Jesus manifested him.self to them from time to time 
after he aro.se; we, the Latter-day Saints, are just as much 
interested in his resurrection as they were. Jesus, in dying and 
rising again, conquered death, and now it is not anything that 
a Saint ever need to fear. 

That .same evening after .Jesus was resurrected, when all of 
the apostles excei>t Thomas, were assembled with the doors of 



the hou.se all 



for fear of the Jews; all of a sudden 



Jesus stood in the mid.st .if them and said, "Peace be unto 
you,'' and to prove that it was really him, he showed his hands 
and his side which hud the marks of the wounds he received 




f "■^'^^''^nfiTF *ffliarT i '?r'''*v='^'^='p^=*^'°'^'=^ 



^ 



J- TJ "\r S IST I L E I3SrSTE.TJGTOI^. 




when he was crucified. The apostles were ^rfltuost overcome 
with joy, and after JesHS left them they hastened to Tliomas 
and told hiui that they had actually seen the Lord. But it 
seemed too good for Thomas to believe, and he said that he 
would not believe unless he should see in the hands of Jesus, 
the print of the nails and put his finger into them, and thrust 
his hand into his side where the soldier pierced him with a 
spear. 

Not many days after, all of the apostles were together as 
before, and Jesus stood in their midst again, and seeing 
Thomas, he told him to put his finger into the prints in his 
hands, and to reach out his hand and put it into his side and 
be no longer faithless, but believing. Thomas knew Jesus, and 
exclaimed, "My Lord and my God." 

At one time when some of Jesus' disciples were walking to a 
village not far from Jerusalem and were conversing about the 
strange things that had happened, Jesus came up and walked 
along in company with them. But they did not know him. 
He asked them why they were so sad, and what it was that 
they were conversing about; and one of them asked him if he 
was a stranger and did not know what had happened. They 
then told how Jesus, a mighty prophet, had been fiilsely accu- 
sed and put to death, and how disappointed they felt because 
of his death; and they told him of the strange reports about 
his resurrection. 

Then Jesus began with Moses and explained the sayings of 
all the prophets and instructed them that Jesus must die and 
rise again and taught them many things concerning himself, 
which they had never before understood. And when they 
came to the village, they invited him to stop over night with 
them, and they never thought who he was until they sat at the 
supper table, and he took the bread and blessed it and gave to 
them. Then their ej^es were opened to know him, and he 
immediately vanished out of their sight. 

On many occa.sions and in a vai'iety of places, Jesus met 
with his friends and very kindly sought to remove their fears 
and unbelief by giving such simple proofs as they could natur- 
ally under.-^tand. When they thought him only a spirit, he 
told them to handle him and feel that he had flesh and bones; 
and at other times he ate in their presence, and once, even 
broiled on coals, the fish which he ate. He gave them much 
instruction, and their understandings gradually were enhght- 
ened, and they began to comprehend the gospel more perfectly, 
and lor what purpose Jesus came into the world. 

After telling his apostles that all power and authority in 
heaven and on earth was given unto him, Jesus commissioned 
them to go into all the world and preach the gospel to every 
people, but commanded them to tarry in Jerusalem until they 
were endowed with power from on high. As they were stand- 
ing together on the mount of Olives, Jesus ascended towards 
heaven and a cloud hid him from theii sight. And two angels 
clothed in white appeared to them and aSked them why they 
stood gazitig up into heaven; and told them that the same 
Je.sus should, in the last daj's, descend in the same manner as 
they had seen him ascend. .K. K. S. 



If you should see a man digging in a snow-drift with the 
expectation of finding a valuable ore; or planting seed on the 
rolling billows, you would say at once that he was beside him- 
self. But in what respect does this man differ from you while 
you sow the seed of idleness and dissipation in your yo\ilh, and 
expect the fruits of age will be a good constitution, elevated 
afTi'Ction.s, and lioly iivinciplcs? none whatever; therefore, 
children, lay well the foundations of youth, so that old age 
may find you fitly prepared for that which is to come. 



Jt'ui' the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE young folks who read the Juvenile Instructor have 
no doubt noticed a ureat likeness in many different kinds 
of ^nimals. Thus the horse, ass, and mule are very much 
alike, not only in their form but also in their habits, in the 
food they eat, and in their value to mankind as beasts of bur- 
den. But no one could say with truth that a pig looked hke a 
cat, or a bear resembled a cow. 

This similarity in the brute creation has caused those learned 
men who make the birds, beasts and fishes their study, to 
divide all the animals into various orders, classes and kinds 
according to their form, habits, nature, etc. These classes 
embrace all living things from the monstrous whale, to the 
smallest insect that floats in a drop of water, or flies in the air 
around us. These classes or kinds are generally named after 
some well known animal as the cat, dog, bear, ox or horse 
which stands as a type for the rest. Thus to the dog kind 
belong all the varieties of the dog, the fox, wolf, jackall and 
the hyena. To the cat kind the lion, tiger, leopard, panther, 
lynx and many others. It is of one of this family, the tiger, 
we have a picture to-day. 




The Tiger is noted for the beautiful colors and the sleekness 
of its skin, and for its strength of frame and agility when 
excited. Its whole system seems composed of bone, nerve, 
muscle and sinew. It possesses tremendous strength in its 
jaws and limbs, which so well adapts it to spring on its prey 
and rend it to pieces, and when compelled to carry the beast it 
has slain into the jungle. It is said it will carry an Indian 
bufi'alo with the same ease that a cat will a mouse. _ Others 
describe it to be the most bloodthirsty of animals, killing any- 
thing that comes in its way for the mere sake of shedding 
blood. It is a terror to the inhabitants of the countries in 
which it dwells, and has the bad reputation of being a man- 
eater. It is a blessing that its sway does not extend over many 
countries. Its head quarters are in Bengal. It is also found 
in Malacca, China, Chinese Tartary and the East India 
Islands, but its numbers are comparatively few. Were they 
otherwise, they would destroy all the weaker animals that 
dwell in the same regions. The lion itself is scarcely its super- 
ior in strength, and even the elephant and rhinoceros some- 
times fall victims to its ferocity. G. R- 



No man who has been consistently true and sincere has failed 
to win the confidence and favor of other men. No man want- 
ing in truth and sincerity has ever long possessed their confi- 
dence and favor. 





cru^En^iLE iintsti^tjctoi^ 



^q 




Vntlt ffircQOPii's pi$il0. 



^ 



Ko)- the Juvenile Instructor. 

"VISIT XI'V . 



THE LOUD AVILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

rp 11 E prayer finished, another hymn -was sung, comiuencing 
_L "The morning breaks, the shadows flee." Then the pre- 
siding elder arose and introduced Elder H. to the congregation. 
Elder K. arose and stated that he was indeed happy to have 
the opportunity of addressing so numerous a congregation. He 
was aware how difficult it was to advocate a doctrine that was 
everywhere spoken evil of. Men of influence, men that the 
world had been in the habit of listening to with the utmost 
confidence, were opposed to the doctrine of new revelation, or 
the administration of angels. The modern teachers of Chris- 
tendom taught their congregations that the canon of scripture 
was full, and that enough instruction had been given from 
heaven to save the human famil.v, and inasmuch as they 
believed in Jesus Christ, and led a sober, righteous life that it 
was not necessaiT to belong to any jsarticular sect or party; for 
a devout Catholic, or a devout member of the church of 
England, or a devout Baptist, Methodist, or any other believer 
in the Lord Jesus would obtain salvation. And the people 
believed them, that is the majority of them did, for it was 
only the few who thought for themselves. The million accepted 
for truth the teachings of their ministers, and never thought 
to question them, they took it for granted that tlieir ministers 
were honest, that being men of intelligence, and education, and 
devoting their lives to the ministry they knew best about it, 
and so lulled their consciences about the matter, and every one 
pursued his own way independently. There was no vision, no 
Voice, no prophet, no seer, uo revelation, nothing but the 
history of what had been done by the Saints who had lived 
anciently, and the instructions that liad been given them by 
insjiircd men. but the power of God was no longer manifested. 
The gifts and blessings of the Holy Sjiirit were no longer en- 
joyed, and any one who believed that such blessings should be 
enjoyed was instantly branded as a fanatic, a religious enthusiast, 
a candidate for a lunatic asylum. And yet in the face of this 
miirhly torrent of prejudice against revelation, the elders of 
I.-rael had to bear their testimon.v. 

All Christians profess to believe in this book, (holding up the 
Bible) but it is when it is closed. A\'lien we open it and read 
the matter therein cuntaiiied, we find the iieojile as much infi- 
del as the secularist who oi)enly c.\pres.>es his disbelief in the 
same. 

1'he Bible contains ]iro|)heeies of the establishment of the 
Kingdom of God in the last days, so ])Iain that if the inhabi- 
Uiuts of the earth had read them in their simplicity and plain- 
ness they woidd have been 1 /oking forward for their fulfilment, 
for the gospel was the jiower of God unto salvation to every 
one tlnit believed, (Kom. 1. ]ii,j and Jesus himself had 
decian-d tliat '"this gosjiel of the kingdom shall be iireached in 
all the World for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the 
end come." (Matt. .\.\iv. 14.) 

Elder 1!. argued that the gospel liad in it faith, repentance 
and bai.ti>ni by ininiersion, and the laying on of liands for the 
gilt of the Holy Glio.'-t. That of necessity there was a govern- 
ment, \yhich consisted of prophets, apostles, bishops, elders, 
etc. That as the gospel and orfranization were not upon the 
earth, th.y had to be restored. Feter, James and John held the 



keys and they had not confirmed them upon any one to act in 
their stead. The reason the gifts and blessings of the gospel 
had ceased was because there was no one who had authority to 
administer in the ordinances of the house of God or church of 
Christ. He could bear testimony that the keys of the priest- 
hood had been restored. 

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdcry had both testified that a 
messeiiger from heaven had ordained tliem with the following 
words: "Upon you, my fellow servants, in the name of Messiah, 
I confer the in-iesthood of Aaron, which holds the keys of the 
ministering of angels, and of the gospel of repentance, and of 
baptism by immersion for the remission of sins; and this shall 
never be taken again from the earth, until the sons of Levi 
do offer again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness," 
and also that Peter, James and John had conferred upon them 
the keys of the apostleship; and in a revelation, given Septem- 
ber, ISoO, the Lord confirmed their testimony. Elder R. read 
the revelation, which is found ujion page 20U of the Doctrine 
and Covenants, second European edition, and argued that 
these testimonies must be true or false; if true, the salvation 
of the world depended upon the obedience of its inhabitants. 
If they rejected them tliey rejected their salvation, they re- 
jected the Lord and his otters of mercy, and were like unto the 
inhabitants in the days of Noah, or the days of Jesus, when 
they rejected Him. "In vain do ye call me Lord, Lord, and 
do not the things I command." Elder R. quoted freely from 
the Bible to substantiate his arguments and the congregation 
listened with wrapt attention. Klder R. concluded by bearing 
his own testimony. He hail traveled and pieached this gospef, 
which was the gospel of Jesus Christ, without purse or scrip 
and the Lord had provided him means — food and raiment, and 
sustained his fannly in his absence, and he could faithfully 
promise that all who would obey, and live according to the 
l)rinciiiles taugiit by Jesus Christ, and not get wedry in well 
doing woidd grow into the knowledge of God and the riches of 
eternal life, which was far above the riches of gold, silver or 
property. As long as we have clothing to wear, food to eat, 
and a habitation to dwell in, be content; for it is the Father's 
good will and i)leasure to give us the kingdom. He then sat 
down. The presiding elder gave out a hymn, which was sung 
with much spirit. At the close of the meeting (lajia went 
forward and shook hands with Elder R., saying to him "I wish 
to give in my name for baptism." 

{To be Conliiiucd.) 



OH H O AAT L ^ Z Y ! 



S' 



nJCH was my exclamation when I saw Bill Dean, a great, 
>J lubberly man, refuse to belli his "pour, old father," who 
was alnl0^t bent double with the riieumati.'-m, to carry shingles 
into the shop, to be jiacked lor market. 

I .should think it was about ten o'clock in the morning, and 
Bill had only just crawled out from his "nest," for he was too 
poor to have a good bed. The biids were up long ago. They 
could not snoo/.e with their heads under their wings when the 
sun was up; so they were uj) too. If they <'ould have talked 
J'^nglish. instead of "bird talk," they would have said, as one of 
them said the night before, about bed-time, "Whip-poor-will." 
It would be better to say, "VVhip-poor-Bill," for "Will" is too 
nice a name for a lazy man. 

The old cow stood out by the gate, waiting to be fed — and 
such ribs! you wouldn't need a microscope to see them. She 
almost needed to bo propped u)i. She was so weak that she 
could hardly stand. This was not becau.so the cow had uo 
apjiotite, but because Bill wa.s too la/.y to feed lier. 

15111 had a brother by the name of Oliver; the boys used to 



5»s*^- 



■e^ 





TTi'ff'tiTaff r^^'"™*"' ■■■'^ *■ 



Tj "V E nsr I L El xisrsTJ^jjcrnoiE^. 



call him "01." And how lazy he was! He almost needed a 
sticking plaster to draw his breath. When he sat down, I 
thought he would not get up; and when he did ri.se, it seemed 
as if he coidd not move; and when he did move, there was 
danger of his falling down. It is an awful thing to be a lazy 
boy, and grow up to be u lazy man. I hope there are no lazy 
'■Juveniles." If there are, who do you suppose we will make 
your teacher? 

Can you think? Some good man? No. 

Some smart little boy? No. 

A horse? What an ideal No. 

A monkey? No. Well, who then? 

I will tell you. We will set a little ant to teaching you. 

Oh, you proud little fellows! You think an ant cau't teach 
you, do you? 

But you are lazy. Is an ant lazy? No. Then it teaches you 
tliat it is wrong tor you to be idle. 

Solomon said, "Go to the aut, thou sluggard; consider her 
ways and be wise." 

I don't like a lazy boy in the Sundaj'-school. When I ask 
him, who was the first man, I want him to answer up promptly, 
and not drawl out Ad — am. 

God don't like lazy folks. He has given plenty of work for 
all to do He makes the sun get up early in the morning. 
And the eyes of the little birds "pop" open before the sun ceTs 
up. I like a little boy who is uji with the birds, and the little 
girl whose song is as sweet as the lark's. 

Such boys make smart men. They are not like lazy Bill and 
01. They are ready to help their "jioor, old father"' carrying 
shingles, or dig in the garden, or chop wood. 

Such girls learn to sew, and iron, and knit, and do all kinds 
of work — to help their mothers. 

Give me such boys and girls. — Selected. 



§M^^Hhi* 






THIE 



ROTIIKR Heber C. Kimball was much 
better the next morning; but he was not 
well enough to travel. President Young 
and he remained in Terre Haute, and the 
other brethren, with the wagon and horses, 
started for Kirtland, Ohio. This was on 
the ISth of October. The horses were not 
in good condition. When they started, Pres- 
idents Young and Kimball gave them all the 
money they had, exceiithig five dollars. Pro. 
Kimball told them to make all haste; if they did 
not, they would be in Kirtland before them. 

On the 2-!rd of October, Presidents Young and 
Kimball .started from Terre Haute. Dr. Blodisett 
sent liis son and carriage to carry them a few miles. 
They were met by Bro. A. W. Babbitt who tixik them 
in his buggy to Pleasant Grove. In this neighborhood 
they remained a i'^^vr days preaching to the peojile. 
After leaving there, they stojiiied one night before reaching Belle- 
ville. Here they took stage. Wlien they got into the stage, they 
did not expect to be able to ride but a short di.'-tance. All the 
money they had only amounted to lSl^,oO. They rode as far 
as Indianapolis, where they jiaid their jiassages and found they 
had sufficient means to jiay their jiassages to Richmond, Indi- 
ana. When they arrived there thoy found they had means to 
carry them to Daj-ton, Ohio. At J)ayton they expected to sto|i 
and preach until tliey could get means with which to pursue 





their journey. But when President Y^oung went to his trunk 
to get money to pay his bill, he found that they had sufficient 
to cany them to Columbus. So to Columlius they went. 
Upon paying his bill there, he found he liad sufficient to pa}' 
their passages to Wooster. At this latter place President 
Young went to his trunk again to get money to pay the billi 
and lo! and behold! he found enough there to carry them to 
Cleveland. 

The next day was Sunday, November 3rd. While they 
were walking down the street in Cleveland, from a meeting 
which tliey had attended, they met Brother Kimball's father- 
in-law, who had left them when Brother George A. Sniith and 
the other brethren did at Terre Haute. Brother Kimball was 
so very sick at the time that he did not expect to see him alive 
again. When he met him, tlierefore, he was as much astonish- 
ed as if he had seen one who had risen from the dead. They 
soon met the brethren and had a happy re-union. They took 
stage that day and arrived at Kirtland in the evening. Ujiou 
reaching that place President Y'oung had twelve and a half 
cents left. 

On looking over his and Brothers Kimball's expenses, he 
found that out of the $13,50 which they had at Pleasant 
Garden, they had i)aid out $87,00!. They had traveled over 
four hundred miles by stage, for which the}' had paid from 
eight to ten cents per mile. They had eaten three meals apiece 
a day; for each meal they were charged fifty cents. Every 
niglit they stopped they had paid fifty cents for their lodgings. 
Yet, to their certain knowledge, when they left Pleasant 
Garden they had only §13,50 to start on! Their money had 
been increased by the power of God, and thus they had been 
enabled to pursue their journey. 

On Sunday, November tlie ITth, Brothers John Taj-Ior and 
Theodore Turley were anointed in the house of the Lord, 
President Y'^ouug being mouth for the first, and Daniel S. Miles, 
one of the Presidents of the Seventies, for the latter. They 
also had the ordinance of washing of feet administered unto 
them. 

When the missionaries left Kirtland they were in poor health, 
and some of tliem were more fitted for a hospital than a 
journe}'. They took a steamboat at Fairport on Lake Erie 
and landed at Buffalo. The wind arose on the passage during 
the night, and Pre...ident Young went on deck. Wliile there, he 
felt impre.s.'^ed in spirit to pray to the Father, in the name of 
Jesus, and then was moved upon to command the wind to 
cease. He did so, and the wind abated. 

After getting into the state of New York the elders separated 
for the convenience of visiting their relatives and preaching. 
At Hamilton, Madison county, in that State, President B. 
Young received from the Saints the cloth for an overcoat which 
one of the sisters made up. This was a great blessing to him, 
as for the want of an overcoat, he had worn, all the way from 
Nauvoo, a quilt with a comforter run through it. He had 
nothing el.se to wear to koc]) him warm in starting on his mis- 
sion, and he had to take that from hisehildrou's bed. Through 
the month of December he held meetings and preached in New 
York. In the beginning of January, 1S40, he and Brother 
George A. Smith visited the New England States, where they 
also labored in the ministry. Leaving that jiart of the country 
they reached the city of New York on the last day of January. 
They found Brother I'arley P. I'ratt and family there. 

In this city and neighborhood I'l'csidcnt Young, Elders H. C. 
Kimball, P. I'. Pratt, Orson I'ratt. (Jeorge A. Sniith and Iteubcn 
Jledlock continued to hold meetings and preach until the Uth 
of March, 1.S4U, when they sailed for Liverpool on the packet- 
ship I'd/n'rk JItiiry. Tliey took steerage passage, and had to 
furnish their own jn-ovisions and bedding. For the passage 
they paid eighteen dollai-s, and they gave the cook one dollar 






_j* 





J'XJ^ElItTILE IltTSTI^TJCTOI^ 




each for cooking. For eight da}'s after sailing they had a fair 
wind, from the ciclitli to the tenth day a very heavy gale, from 
the eleventli to the thirteenth day part of tlie hulwarks of the 
vessel were washed away and the water ran down the hatches 
in large rinantities. They landed at Liverjiool on the sixth of 
April. President Young and Brothers Kimball and P. P. 
Pratt got into a boat and went ashore. When President 
Young landed he gave a loud shout of hosannah. After pro- 
curing a room, they held a meeting, partook of the sacrament 
and returned thanks to God for his protection and care over 
them while on the waters. They also asked him to open their 
way before them that they might accomplish their missions 
successfully. 

After all their suffering, their many trials, they had at last 
all reached Europe. They had laid the foundation stone of the 
House of the Lord in Far West; they had taken their depar- 
ture therefiom for the nations; the.v had crossed the great waters; 
and all these things according to the revelation of the Lord. 
Jlow great must their joy have been at Liverpool when they 
looked back at all they had passed through, and thought how 
the Lord had preserved them. 



"Vv^ T3: j\- T h: j^ "^ IB "v^r El to 



"TTAVK you nothing to thank God for?" asked Helen's 

JLi mother. 

"No, mother. Have I?" 

"Not for your plea.sant home?" asked her mother. 

"It is my own father's house, isn't it? and he lets me live 
in it." 

"Where did the wood come from to build it?" asked her 
mother. 

"Who planted the forests? Who gave rain to water them? 
Who gave the sun to warm them? Who did not allow the 
winter to kill them, or the lightning to blast them? Who kept 
them growing from little trees, till they were large enough for 
building houses with? Not your father, nor any man: it was 
God, who made the sun, and moon, and stars." 

"But father bought nails to make it with, for I saw him buy 
them." 

"What are nails made of?" asked her mother. 

"Iron," answered Helen; "and men dig iron out of the 
ground." 

"Who put iron in the ground, and kept it there till the men 
wanted it'.'" asked her mother. "It was God." 

"We cut this carpet from Mr. Green's store, — I know that," 
will Ili-len, drawing her little foot across u. 

"Where did the rariiet-raen get their wool to make it from? ' 

"From farmers." answered Helen. 

"And where did the farmers get it?" 

"From sheep and lambs' backs," said the little girl. 

"And who clothed the lambs in dresses good enough for u.s? 
for your dress, I see, is made of nothing but lambs' wool. The 
bfst thing wo can get are their cast-off dresses. Where did 
the lanib.-) get SU( h good wool?" 

"(rod gave it to them I suppo.se," ."aid the little girl. 

"Well, it is you that gives me bread, mother," she .said 
quickly and positively. 

■'But, ' said her mother, "the flour we get from the store; 
and tlie storekeeper bought it from the miller; and the miller 
took the wheat fmm the farmer; and the farmer took it from 
the ground: did the ground make it all iLself.'" 

"No," cried Helen .suddenly; it wa.s God. The sun and 
the rain, the wind and the air, arc his, and he sent them 
to the fields. The earth is his, too. And so God is at the 
bottom of everj'thing; isn't he, mother?" 



'^^^- 



"Yes," said her mother; "God is the giver of every good 
and perfect gift." 

The little girl looked serious; .she was thinking. "Then, 
mother," .she said at last, "I can't make a prayer long enough 
to thank God for everything." 

"And have you nothing to ask his forgiveness for?" asked 
the little girl's mother. 

"Yes," she said in a low tone; "for not feeling grateful, and 
for trying to put him out of my thoughts." — Selected. 



tl^lnnl i^odiJfi* 



HSSSraTS^BSI 



i^or the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE LETTE:K. OIF TjIIPE. 



Youth is the page on which we write, 
Oil! let our words be few and firm; 
Our acts replete with conscious right. 
Our thoughts, of honesty the germ. 

Maturity completes the ver.'?e 
Of our Ijrief correspondence; then, 
Better the page he blank, than worse: 
So wisely let us wield the pen. 

Old age the 'postscript' adds at last, — 
May memory broach no slighted debt: 
Ko dark reproach upon the past 
May conscience iiring, nor ouo regret. 



J. H. M. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

O 131 J^ K. J^ T) E . 



BY JTLIEITE LITTLE. 

I am composed of 17 letters. 

My 1, 4, 5, is somthing we .shall all have to do. 

INIy 13, 14, 15, 16, is something very useful in a family. 

My 7, 8, 10, is .something nice to cat. 

My 6, ] 1, 2, 12, 0, is that which we should all do. 

My 13, 12, 14, 3, is a kind of bird. 

My 17, 5, 2, is a very large body of wafer. 

My whole is a man of high standing in this church. 



Look to the seed j-ou sow that it be sound and good, and for 
the benefit and use of mnnkind; this is to be regarded, as well 
as the ground into which the seed is cast. 



jTJArEnsriXjE iisrsTi^xJGToi^y 

Js pubU.'iki-d in Great Salt Lake Vi'y, Utah TorUury., 
ON THK KIItST ik FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &, PU8LISMER. 



RliiKlf *'"py, per Auuum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Six MouLltt. 1 5U 

itir It M erppctedifhcre agent a forward namm fhey will be rcsjmmnble 
('•r (he jtapers fhux nrdcrcd; and ir/irn C'tush pat/iticnf.s are made they 
will. plPHHc Jorwmd thou with the leltrr vontuininy the names of the 

.tuhfitrihr>:s. 

mr Eldrr ll'm. 11. Shearman, Logan, irill act as General Aoent fryr 
nirhe Vnllry. " •' 

*«- Gruin brouffhl to this Oity for the JrvKNTr.K Ixstkuctor willbe 
eeeived at the office o/ our jtaper—DKhKHKi Njiwa Buii^uings. 



!^ 



■^H" 



!■«?" 



^•C9 






