
VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 1. !*?« 



1^0. 19. 



THE OPwAUG'OUTANG. 



THERE are several species of four-h; n 'el aniuals pr, atly 
resembling man. among which the nio-t leruarkahle are 
the chimpanzee and Orang-outang. The latter animal is 
found in Asia, and its name in the Malay language means 
"wild man." It is represented in the engraving on this page, 
and there is certainly a resemblance to man. 

This animal belongs to the monkey family of the "old 
world," the varieties of which differ materially from those 
of the "new iMlll IH^'tlib 



WtfiSm 

,■■■ r-.),-\f±P<p 




world." or the 
American mon- 
keys. Among 
the old world 
monkeys there 
are var eties 
that are without 
tails, and that 
have other dis- 
tinctive pecu- 
liarities; the.-e 
are called apes, 
among which is 
f ou n d the 
< (rang-outang. 

The entire or- 
der of monkeys 
has been classed 
by naturalists as 
■ I uad rum ana, 
meaning four- 
banded, while 
man is classed 
wi t h t h e bi- 
m a li a order. 
mean ing two 
handed; the rea- 
son why mon- 
keys are said to be four hauJed i ■ because, their ex tn. Millie.., 
are adapted to grispiug and cliiubinj; on the contrary ih : 
order to which man belongs have two cxtieniiics funned (or 
grasping, namely,thc hand-, and two foi supporting the budi 
in the creel p sition, namely, the feet. And it i, a fact that 
those species of monkey- th it attempt to walk on the binder 
limb- do fio with difficulty, supporting themselves on the outer 

le, and not upon the i-ole or palm ol the baud. II the 



Imbft 




hinder limls of the Orang ontang are examined, it is seen tha f 
they resemble thos3 of m in in having a hrel; but the 'eet a e 
long, the palms are hand-like, the toes are like long tinkers: 
the great toes an shoit and set at right angles to the heel and 
without nails. In addition to this all observers state that this 
animal uses his hands like others of the monkey tribe. There 
are numerous aujedotes about the Orang-outang which would 
argue the no-session of faculties of the mind similar to those 

of man. But 
all animals have 
some points of 
resemblance to 
man, in the very 
nature of things 
as tt.ey are sur- 
rounded by cir- 
c u m s t a n c e s 
more or less 
similar to those 
surrounding 
man; they art 
parts of the 
same system of 
lite. In many 
respects, anato- 
mic a 1 1 y and 
mentally, the 
c h i m p a n z e e 
more nearly re- 
sembles man 
than the Orang 
outang. There 
in i\ possibly be 
other animals 
\ •' discovered 
i hat even more 

closely reseni 

uics nun. But iln- by u.i lujaiio proves (bat man is derived 
IVoiii tin in MiLey A t ii ion is directed to the modern theories 
re.-pee iujj the origin of man of which lit.lo can be said in this 
a t -le. 

Perhaps in. tiling can be better for our young readers to 

remember than the words of scripture; "God created man 

in hi- own image, in the in I of (ioii created lie him. male 

and female created he them." 





218 



0" IT ^ IE 3ST I L E HTSTRTJCTOB. 




lijiflgraphtj- 



JOS3PH SMITH, 
PROPHET. 



THE 




(Continued.) 

GREAT interest was felt by the Prophet Joseph Smith and 
the Elders in the condition of the Saints in Missouri. 
Joseph had received a revelation inspecting Zion and her 
afflictions. This was forwarded by the brethren in Kirtland, 
accompanied by a petition, which they signed, to the Governor 
of Missouri, Daniel Dunklin. Joseph urged them to spare 
no pains to get the facts before the authorities. Said he, 
"let our rulers read their destiny, if they do not lend a helping 
hand." The brethren in Zion (as the land of Missouri was 
then called) exerted themselves to comply with his counsel. 
A petition, signed by a number of the brethren who had been 
expelled from Jackson county, also a letter which they had 
written, were sent to the President of the United States- 
Andrew Jackson. A letter was also sent to Thomas H. 
Benton, Senator from Missouri to the United States Congress, 
informing him of the purport of the petition sent to the 
President, and requesting his assistance in the matter; a 
constant correspondence also was kept up with Governor 
Dunklin. 

The petition and letter sent to the President were referred 
by him to Lewis Cass, Secretary of War, who returned the 
Saints an unfavorable answer. He said, in effect, that their 
case, as it then stood, did not come within the jurisdiction of 
the Federal Government, and, therefore, the President could 
not interfere. A very poor consolation for people who had 
bought lands from the General Government, and been driven 
from them by mob violence! The State Government would 
not exert its power to restore the people to their houses and 
lands, and now that the Parent Government had been applied 
to, no help could be obtained from it! In the meantime the 
mob in Jackson County were very violent. They drank 
whisky, and swore and raved about the "Mormons," and 
made a bonfire of nearly all the Saints' houses, numbering 
about one hundred and seventy. No Latter-day Saint dare 
enter into the county, for whenever they caught one they 
abused him horribly. 

Joseph was not without difficulties in Kirtland, Ohio. The 
people were poor, and means to carry on the work of the Lord 
was very scarce. This tied up his hands very much. He had 
bitter foes also to contend with. An apostate by the name of 
Doctor P. Hurlburt visited the State of New York, and 
gathered up all the ridiculous stories that could be invented 
about Joseph and the Smith family. He also obtained 
affidavits about their characters. These were utterly false. 
With these papers he returned to Ohio, and stirred up much 
indignation against Joseph Smith and the Church, by relating 
those falsehoods to numerous congregations. He threatened 
to take Joseph's life, if he could not destroy the work in any 
other way. For these threats he was tried, and had to give 
bonds to keeii the peace for six months, and had to pay three 
hundred dollars for costs. This man's schemes and wickedness 
were defeated by the brethren's faith and prayers. 

In February, 1834, Joseph received a command from the 
Lord to raise the strength of His (the Lord's) house from the 
various branches of the f'hurr-h. and go up to redeem Zion. 



On the 26th of February, 1834, Joseph started from home to 
obtain volunteers for that purpose. Before he started, a 
council of Eldeis was held, in which Joseph was accepted as 
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of Israel and leader of 
those who should volunteer to go and assist in the redemption 
of Zion. He was absent on that mission, gathering up young 
and middle-aged men in the Eastern country until March 28th, 
when he returned to Kirtland. The Spirit of the Lord rested 
upon the young men who belonged to the Church, and they 
cheerfully volunteered to go on that great mission. Many of 
them collected together at Kirtland; and, on the 5th of 3Iay, 
Joseph, with a company of about one hundred persons, and 
their baggage wagons, moved out of Kirtland. When the 
company arrived at Missouri it numbered about two hundred 
and five men, and several women and children; a number of 
brethren from various places having joined the camp while it 
was on the march. Tbe company was mostly young men, and 
nearly all of them were Elders, Priests, Teachers or Deacons. 
The wagons were so filled with baggage that the brethren had 
to travel the greater portion of the way on foot; and the roads 
were so bad, especially in the beginning of the journey, that 
they had to assist the teams and draw the wagons through 
bad places with ropes. 

This company is known in history and among the Saints as 
''Zion's Camp." In the early history of the Church, Zion's 
Camp stands out prominently as a most important organiza- 
tion. The mission which the Camp was called to fill was very 
trying to the brethren who volunteered and composed it. The 
greater number of them, however, distinguished themselves 
during the trip by their faithfulness and zeal, and they have 
since been ca'led to fill important positions in the Church. 
Presidents Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, several of the 
Apostles, Presidents of the Seventies and other leading men, 
were in that Camp, and while there, exhibited the qualities 
which have since been witnessed in their public careers. 
( To be Continued. ) 



INTEMPEBA1TCE. 



BY ROLLO. 



IF any of the readers of the Instructor or any others who 
indulge in the use of spirituous liquors, would sit down 
and calmly reflect upon the error and sin of drunkennefs, lam 
satisfied that they would despise themselves for the indulgence. 
Let them remember that if they do not quit it now, perhaps 
when they grow to manhood they will be unable to do so, and 
that they will go to dishonored and premature graves, res- 
pected by none and despised by all. Even the confirmed 
drunkard respects a man or boy who will refuse a glass of 
liquor. Some may say; "Well, I don't drink very much, 
except when I am at a birthday party, or something of that 
kind, and then when it is offered me, I do not like to refuse it. 
for fear of giving offense. ' ' Bat the idea is absurd. You had 
better by far risk the chance of giving offense than swallow the 
poisonous stuff; and if you do refuse it, the chances are ten to 
one that the person who offered it to you will respect you far 
more for your refusal than if you had taken it without a 
murmur. 

Others again may say: "It cannot be denied that liquor is 
good in its place, and that it has saved many lives." Now I 
agree that it is very good in its place, but I contend that its 
proper placeis not within the reach of weak, irresolute persons. 
That liquor has saved many lives I do not deny for a moment; 





JTJYBITILB I1TSTRUCTOB 



£19 




but where it has saved one man's life, it has brought ruin, dis- 
honor, poverty and death to hundreds! Thousands of bright 
and shining intellects are yearly destroyed by the use of the 
poisonous liquids, whose possessors, were it not for this vice, 
would have risen to high, honoraUe and respected positions in 
this or any other quarter of the globe ! 

The following is known as the "Drunkard's Tree:" I am not 
acquainted with the name of the author, but as it contains 
iny exact ideas on the liquor question, I re-produce it: 
THE 

S I N O F 

drunkenness 
stupefies all the 
senses, darkens the 
understanding, expels 
reason, drowns memory, 
transforms man into a brute, 
distempers the body, defaces 
beauty, corrupts the blood, in- 
flames the liver, weakens the brain, 
diminishes strength, turns men into 
walking hospitals, full of dreadful and 
raging disorders; causes internal. external 
and incurable wounds; is a dagger to the 
vitals, a witch to the senses, a devil to 
the soul, a thief to the purse, ti.e 
beggar's companion, a wife's woe, 
and children's sorrow; makes 
man become a beast, and a 
self-murderer, who drinks 
to others' good health 
and robs himself of 
hisown! noristhis 
all. It exposes 
to the 
Divine 



- 


§™ 


5 


5> 


— ^2 








LJ> 


- 

z 


>- 


/ 


E« 


— 


ft:r 




-K 


z 


^aW 



Such are 

some of 

the evils 

springing 

from the 

root of 
INTEMPERANCE. 
Now, boys, remember this, and shun the wine cup as you 
would the most deadly poison, for "it biteth like a serpent, 
and stingeth like an adder." 




Some one asked a man who was counted a great genius, to 
define genius, and he said, "Genius is industry." Things 
never come about of themselves. The man who writes a great 
book never wrote it in a day or week. The man who has 
worked out a great invention did not combine wheel and piston 
in an hour or a month; but it was industry of inquiry, the 

Justry of application. Industry is the first law of success. 



eaues jfrom a ||ag l|ook 



BY O. M. 0. 



( Continued. ) 



THE ARAUCANIANS. 

In 1602 Imperial and Villarica shared the same fate as 
Valdivia; in fact, all the Spanish settlements founded by 
Yaldivia and his successors, and defended at so much cost of 
toil and blood, were destroyed. Many of them remain unbuilt, 
and scarcely a vestige of their ruins is now to be seen. 

Some of the prisoners were ransomed or exchanged by their 
friends. The unmarried females were taken as wives by the 
conquerors, while the unmarried men were allowed to marry 
native women. From these mixed marriages have sprung the 
Mestizos, the most terrible enemies of the Spaniards in subse- 
quent wars. 

Paillamachu died during the fall of 1603. and Hunecura was 
chosen toqui. About this time the Spanish government 
appropriated a considerable sum of money annually to main- 
tain a force of 2, 000 regular troops on the Araucanian frontier. 
A priest named Louis Yaldivia, perceiving how useless and 
impossible it was to subjugate the natives, went to Spain and 
represented to Philip III. the great injury done to the cause 
of religion by the continued warfare. This prince directed 
that articles of peace should be drawn up between the con- 
tending parties, and subscribed to by them. One condition of 
this treaty was that the Biobio should be fixed as the boundary 
line. But a singular circumsrance frustrated this amicable 
settlement. The ruling toqui, named Aneauaruon, had mar- 
red a Spanish woman, who, taking advantage of her husband's 
absence, fled with her children to the Spanish governor. 
Four other women, natives, who had been converted to Cathol- 
icism through her persuasion accompanied her; two of these 
were the wives, and two the daughters of her husband. The 
toqui, greatly exasperated, put the commissioners bearing the 
treaty of peace to death, and the war continued. In 1617 it 
is said to have been carried on with redoubled fury. From 
that year until 1637 two toquis held command, Leintor and 
Potapichion; and although many enterprises were engaged in, 
the Araucanians still maintained their independeuce and 
retained their country. 

During the year 1638 the Dutch, with a view to the conquest 
of Chili, attempted to form an alliance with the Araucanians, 
but their fleet was dispersed in a storm. Two of their boats 
managed to make a landing; but the natives, seeing them well 
armed, judged them to be hostiles, and attacked and killed 
them all. 

In the year 1640 a compromise was brought about; and the 
next year articles of peace were agreed upon, and a day set 
for ratification. The place of meeting was at the town of 
Quillan, in the province of Purea. The Spanish governor, 
the Marquis de Baydes, with a retinue of ten thousand persons, 
from all parts of the kingdom, and the toqui, Lincopichion, 
at the head of the four hereditary toquis, a great number of 
ulmenes and other natives, appeared at the appointed time. 
A llama was killed, and some of its blood was sprinkled on a 
bunch of cinnamon and presented, as a token of amity, to the 
governor. Speeches were made, and the articles of peace 
agreed to and signed. Thus the war of ninety years was 
brought to a close. Several llamas were sacrificed, and tl 





20 



JTJ^EIsriLE I IN" STIR U CTOIR, 





chief of the district, an Araucanian, concluded the ceremony 
hy an eloquent address, in which he snowed the great advan- 
tages hoth nations would enjoy by adhering to the treaty. 

One of the articles agreed to was that the natives would not 
permit any strangers to land on the coast or to furnish them 
with supplies. Faithful to this pledge, the Araueanians, and 
through their persuasion the Chinches, refused the overtures 
"f the l>utch in the year Iti4'>, when they made a second 
attempt on Chili; and from this cause alone the entcrpri-e 
proved a failure. 

The peace lasted until 1653, when a war broke out for 
which no cause is assigned. Eleutaru was elected toqui, and 
he totally defeated the Spaniards in his first campaign. This 
war lasted over ten years, when peace was again concluded. 
This peace came near being broken in I68fi by the short-sighted 
policy of the Spanish governor, attempting to remove the 
inhabitants of the Island of Mocha to the northern shore of 
the Biobio, in order to prevent the natives from communicating 
with foreign enemies. About the same time missionaries were 
introduced, who, accompanied by a pretended guard called the 
"captains of the friends." made themselves very insolent to 
the Araueanians, who resolved to elect a toqui of war and 
resort to arms. A short war endued, but on the removal of 
the cause a treaty was agreed to at N'egrete, similar to iha of 
Qnillan. Another war was caused by the Spanish governor, 
Gonsaga, who wished to compel the Araueanians to live in 
cities. The Pehuenchea at this time joined the Araueanians, 
and have ever since been their firm allies. Many battles were 
fought, among them a bloody one in the year ITT.;. The same 
\.-ir peace was agreed upon, and the Araueanians were allowed 
t,. have a minister resident in the city of St. Jago The for- 
mer treaties of Quillan and Negrete were adhered to, and 
under the wise administration of the Spanish governors, the 
country remained for a long time iii tranquility. Many of the 
customs and manner-, good and had. of the Europeans were 
introduced into the social life of the Araucanian". and an 

amity existed that gave every indication of a la-tiiiL' peace, 
But that revolutionary spark of freedom fanned into flame in 
North America soon spread over all the 'and north and south 
The inhabitants of Chili took up the movement in the month 
of duly. 1810, After various successes and defeats, through 
intrigue and lack of unity, the royalists finally triumphed, and 
hy the end of October, 1814, the old Spanish authority was 
completely re-established throughout Chili, and the inhabit 

ants 1 ame the victim* of royal vengeance. Imprisonments, 

banishments and punishments, followed and filled th rantry 

with suffering and horror. For more than two years the 

country was governed with the greatest rigor, which produced 

ral discontent, thai culminated in a revolution in Janu 

ary. ls|T. headed by Gen San Martin, who at last. April 5th, 

|s|s, sealed the independent f Chili on the plains of Maypu. 

Of the part taken by the Araueanians during those stirring 
iys but little. Prom 1817 to 1820, instigated 
and led by an outlaw named Benavedes, they devastated ihe 
southern frontier, The success of his incursions and the 
authority he had acquired o\,-r the Araueanians led him to 
imagine himself a powerful monarch, and to increase his power 
for war hi endeavored to establish a navy by surprising and 
capturing vessels in the port of Arauco, the capital of the 
country. The American -lop Hern, and brigs Uertdia and 
ind th.- English whale -hip I'erteofranee were captured 

and their crews compelled I rve with his troops. In 1821 

an expedition ..'' Chilians proceeded against Arauco. The 
Vraucanians were defeated el lire to the town and shipping 
d retreated to the * erj thing to be consumed 



which they could not carry away. Benavedes was captured, 
tried and executed in 1822. Since then the wars of the 
Araueanians have ceased. Their courage and perseverance 
have enabled them to maintain their liberties, and, although 
apparently secure in their mountain fastnesses, enjoying the 
blessings of independence, and determined as ever never to be 
subjugated, yet they are gradually becoming absorbed by amal- 
gamation into the greater massol people of European descent. 

Oratory and etiquette are highly valued by the Araueanians. 
Should a young man have home power of speech and train it 
into eloquence he is on the high road to distinction, and will 
proballv end by becoming a great chief though originally of 
interior rank. They have a most elaborate code of etiquette. 
When two persons meet it is necessary that they should go 
through a set course of complimentary remarks, the omission 
of which, except between relatives, would be held as an unpar- 
donable offense. In front of the doorways hangs a simple 
cross-bar. bpyond which no one ventures to pass without a 
s| e lial invitation. Although families reside under one roof, it 
is customary for each wile to have a separate lire. It is not 
considered polite to ask a man how many wives he has; but 
their etiquette permits any one to a.-k another how many fires 
he burns. They have a very wholesome contempt for shams 
and will have not h tug that has any pretence about it. Another 
peculiarity with them is that, fond as they arc of silver, they 
will have nothing to do with gold. They are admirable horse- 
men, and use the holas and lasso with the greatest dexterity. 
Like many of the uncivilized nations of America they are very 
superstitious; when asked their name by a white man, they 
flatly deny that they have any. They have a similar objection 
to th iir portraits being taken, and travelers do not use their 
note books openly. 

There arc many more singularities in the manners anil cus- 
toms nt the-c people, hut our boat is alongside the Pandora, 
and we'll make an end. 

I thanked the supercargo for his interesting history of the 
aboriginal people, and he promised that on our next boating 
excursion he would describe 'he terrible effects of the tidal 
waves and earthquake in 1835, as he witnessed them. 

A- -non ;is possible 1 commenced to translate the manuscript 
Tom found on the brig. It pioved to he no easy ta-k. as it 
wa- niu-ty. mildew. ■ 1. stained, torn and gnawed hy vermin, 
with pa' t- almost illegible, pails missing, and when all together 
and systematically avrangeJ. it proved to he only the notes or 
first rough draft of a more elaborate and comprehensive work. 
Still. I per cvered and made the best of it. and when completed 
by Tom's request, 1 invited the crew, who were huddled in 
the forecastle one rainy evening, to listen to the story. They 

needed no second invitation, Gathering around me on chests 
and in hunks, with the wind whistling through the rigging 
and the rain pattering on the deck above, by the dim, bleary 
light of a -hip's lantern monotonously swinging overhead, I 

read to them the mu-ty old papers. 

( To be Continued .) 



reus the higher Alps the snow is sometimes piled so high. 

and evenly balanced, that a crack of a whip or the shout of ;i 

may give sutlici. -ne vibration to the air to bring down the 

whole mass upon the travelers below. So in our moral world 
there are souls just hovering over the abyss "f ruin: a word oi 
even a look from us may cause them to plunge down into the 
depths frim which there is no return; or a helping hand 
Stretched out to them In the moment of peril may lead them 
hack to tic sal.-, sure paths of virtue and peace. 




1 «f'-i- 




JTJTE1TILE IITSTRUCTOB. 




E2STTOMOLOGT-1TO. lO, 



BY W. D. JOHNSON', JIN. 



HEMIPTERA. 




THE most curious of insects belonging to the above named 
order are the lantern flies of tropical countries. They 
belonz to the family of fulgorldoe, and much resemble the 
cicadas in form and size, with the exception that they have a 
long snout or horn extending from the head, which sometimes 
equals the rest of the body in length. They have two eyelets. 
Some writers state that they give out a powerful light from 
the prolongation of the forehead at night. This is the reason 
they are called lantern flies or bearers. The colors of these 
insects are rich, gorgeous and beautiful. They have no musical 
organs as the cicadas. They are quite numerous in China and 
South America; those of the former place yield a waxy secret inn 
which the Chinese collect and make a white wax from, much 
esteemed by them. 

There are a few more insects belonging to this order which 
though they may not be properly described in this article, a- 
they belong to the sub order of heteroptera, they may be of 
interest to our readers, and we will describe them: 

To this sub order there are the Jiydrcmetrulae, meaning 
water measurers. These insects are very common on standing 
or running water, on which they move backward and forward 
with the greatest ease. The body is long, narrow and shaped 
like a boat. They belong to the genus gerris; the boys call 
them the '"devil's horses." 

The bed bug is an insect universally known, as it is found iu 
all countries. It belonss to a family of bugs called dmex. 
The eimex Jectularius is unfortuuately mostly found in hou-es. 
although they are found in the pine foiens of both hemis- 
pheres. They live only in the warm temperate regions, but 
they cannot be killed by freezing. They have been kept alive 
six years without food. They are thice sixteenths of an inch 
in length, of a dirty rust color; the body is flat and oval, and 
the legs are long an 1 capable of rapid motion. The head is 
furnished with antennae, which are five pointed, and end ab- 
ruptly in the form of a seta; they are half the length of tie- 
body. The beak or proboscis id three jointed and forms a 
sheath for the true sucker which is composed of three Stiff 
and intensely sharp bristles. When not in use it is folded back 
upon the breast between the legs. These insects are generally 
wingless. They emit an extremely offensive odor which, if 
"ii .• perceived, will never be forgotten during a lifetime. The 
bed bug during the daytime lurks in cracks and crevices of 
walls, bedsteads and furniture; but at night it is exceedingly 
active, as many can testify. They pass only through a partial 
transformation; the larva much resembles the perfect in t. 

A -| ies of Outer infests pigeons, -wallows and bats, but the 

major part of the insects of the heteroptera live on the 
of plants; a- the squash bug referred to in a former article. 

8 ebugsof the ehnea family have wings; as those of India 

which are very annoying, as they are quite large, and then- bite 
is very painful. In warm countries these bugs are of a large 
sice and handsomely colored; but they all have the character- 
istic of emitting i , Me odors. A bug of this family, a 
native of Chili, live- iu the thatch and root- of bouses. It is 
the siz • of a cockchafer At night it goes forth to suck blood, 

and take- a- much a- a eoiiituon lire, li 

]>e lieer. the naturalist, give- an interesting and curious 

i ■•■ iunl of a bug belonging to this suborder called aoonlhovmxa, 
or field bug, of England I' is the only instance the writer 



ever heard of insects having affection for their young). He 
says he observed a female of the species inhabiting the birch 
tree, conducting a family of thirty or forty young ones, as a 
hen does her chickens; showing great uneasiness when they 
seemed threatened with danger, and waiting by them instead 
of making her own escape. 

To the heteroptera also belongs the louse family, called 
pedicuhts; they are the most disgusting and degraded of all 
insects. They are parasites on man. animals and birds. Thev 
are generally one twentieth of an inch in length. The head is 
furnished with short antennae, a retractile, fleshy sucker, and 
simple eye-. Segments of the thorax and abdomen very plain. 
They are of a whitish gray color, almost transparent; with 
s hort legs, furnished with a single claw, well adapted for taking 
hold of hair and feathers. They multiply with astonishing 
rapidity. They mature in eighteen days from the egg state; 
the female lays fifty eggs, which she fastens to hair and 
feathers with a glutinous substance. (In this state they are 
called nits). The eggs hatch in six days. The common head 
louse is called pcdkulus capitis. 

There are also a few other insects of this order that are only 
of interest to the entomologist. 



U JNT ID J±~F LESSOHS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TP < HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON XXX, s. 



Q. — Wa? there another conference held soon after tlie last 
spoken off 

A. — Yes, on the 1st of November, 1831. 

Q. — What was decided at this conference? 

A. — That Oliver Cowdery should take the commandments and 
revelations to Independence. 

Q. — What commandments and revelations are referred to? 

A. — Those that God gave to Joseph Smith from time to time. 

Q. — What was Oliver Cowdery to lake them to Independence, 
Missouri, for? 

A. — To get them printed 

Q. — What was done with them before nlKer Cowdery started? 

A. — They were dedicated to the service of God by the prophet 
Joseph. 

Q. — Where did Joseph go to after this? 

A. — He started for Kirtlund on the 3rd I' nber.withS 
Rigdon. 

Q. — What were they going for? 

A. — To preach the gospel, and fulfil a revelation. 

Q.— What happened a short tii iftei this? 

A. — Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon were nearly killed bj ■ 
mob. 

Q.— What kiod of people was the mob composed of J 

A. — Professors of religion and apostates. 

Q.— When did this shameful pi p] 

A.— On the evening of the 25th of March, is-;-.'. 

y. — Where was Joseph and Sidnej Kigdon living at this 

A. — At Hiram. 

Q. — When did Joseph remove fr there, arid wbi i 

A.— On the 2nd of April he started for Missouri. 



Learn in cj Versus Edui ition. It doe- not follow that 
every learned man i- an educate. 1 man. Thai man i- educated 

who know- himself, and take- .,. m a i . . conm — • - 1 1 - ■ - view- 

ol men and things around hint. Some VOrj lea -lied lion ai •■ 
the greatest fools in tie world; the reason i-. they are not 

educated men- Learning isonrj th not the end; it- 

value consists in giving the mean- ••! acquiring, tho use of 
which, properly managed, enlightens the mind 





22S 



JXJ'VEISriLE IHSTBTJCTOE. 






^hc ^fuvettilc g(nsirudoi\ 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 1, 1876. 



EDITORIAL THZOTJ-C3-HITS. 





OME people have an idea that swearing 
adds force to their language and makes it 
emphatic. They seem to think that what 
they say if accompanied by an oath, is 
more impressive than if spoken without 
an oath. Is this a correct idea? Are peo- 
ple generally impressed any more with a 
boy or a man's earnestness because he 
swears? Certainly not. It is frequently 
ease that the most trifling, unreliable and 
good-for-nothing men garni-h their conversa- 
tion with oaths. They think their listeners 
will not believe them unless they swear. And 
they use oaths to convince people they are sin- 
cere. But men of experience are not deceived in 
l.spZS this way. They understand human nature too well 
,S ^L to accept oaths as an evidence if sincerity, of truth, 
or that the man who uses them is to be any more 
relied upon than the man who does not swear. In fact, they 
are inclined to distrust a swearer. He evidently has not con- 
fidence in his own words. 

Among the Latter-day Saints swearing is most offensive. 
The wnrd of God is so olain upon the subject that they cannot 
■ Tear without being condemned. The Lord has taught us 
that it is a ereat and serious offense to take His name in vain. 
Even in praying to Him we should be careful about using the 
name of our Father too frequently. The Lord will hold His 

1 pie guilty if they profane His holy name. 

In 1847, when several companies of the Saints left Winter 
Quarters to follow the Pioneers to the Valley, thev found 
the wacers of the Elk Horn river so high that they could not 
miss without a ferry boat. A boat was built, and the wagons 
and psople were carried over on it ( (neof theyoungmen who 
was at work on the boat had fallen into the habit of swearing, 
and he indulged in it freely. As one of the apostles was 
rrn-.-in:.' the ferry one day he heard this young man's language. 
He wa> shocked at it. and he took him aside and told hitn 
that it was very wrong, and indeed wicked, for him to use 
such language and to take the name of the Lord in vain as he 
did. He told him farther that if the law of the Lord should 
iforced against those who too'k bis name in vain, the 
penalty would be death. But his counsel had little or no 
effect upon tip- young man. Perhaps he thought the apostle 
was meddling to thus apeak to him, and he would show him 
that he would do as he pleased, He did not stop his swearing. 
Not many days after this he and a companion bad occasion to 
go t.. Winter u tarters. While on the road between the two 

they were attacked by Indian- and lie was killed: but 

hi- companion escaped. 

We knew a young man. who. whenever he i_r,,t am.'n\ and 
this he did very frequently, would indulge in profanity, lie 
had be'ti in the tempi' i' Nauvoo and had his endowments. 
He. therefore, knew how sinful it was t>. take the name of the 

Lord in vain and what the penalty ought to be. He wa- 
ken to and reasoned with about this habit. He would 



acknowledge it was wrong; but would excuse himself because 
he was so passionate and swore before he thought what he was 
doing. We had an impression that, unless he repented very 
thorougl ly of this conduct, sooner or later he would meet a 
violent death. He was not ignorant of Cod's law upon this 
subject; but had made covenant with Him to keep His uanie 
holy. Some time afterwards, while we were on a mission, we 
were much grieved, but not surprised, to hear that he and a few 
others, while hauling timber in the mountains, had been 
attacked by Indians and he was killed! 

Some may say, ' '( )h, these men would have been killed if 
they had not been swearers." Perhaps they might. We do 
not say they would not have been thus killed had they not 
taken the Lord's name in vaiu; our belief, however, is they 
would not have met violent deaths but for this. How can a. 
boy or man, who takes Cod's name in vain, ask Him to bless 
and preserve him? Do you think the Lord will bless those 
who despise Him and treat His name with contempt? The 
Lord has said: 'Thou shalt not take the uame of the Lord 
thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that 
taketh His name in vain." 

"Every one that sweareth shall be cut off." 
"Swear not at all." 

"But let your communication be yea, yea; 
whatsoever is more than the«e cometh of evil." 

Would a boy or a man swear in the presence of a king or 
an emperor? How dare he, then, swear in the presence of 
the Kins of Kings? What is the advantage of swearing? 
Can any one tell? No one is believed any readier for his oaths. 
It gives no one pleasure to swear, and it is no pleasure to listen 
to swearing. Is a swearer respected for his oaths? Not in the 
least. 

"What does Satan pay you for swearing?" said a man to a 
swearing boy. 

"He don't pay me anything," was the reply. 
"Well," added the man, "you work cheap! To lay aside 
the character of a gentleman; to inflict so much pain on your 
friends and civil people; to suffer so much in your conscience, 
and to risk losing your soul, and all for nothing! You certainly 
do work cheap — very cheap indeed." 



nay, nay: 



for 



Pi'NrTi'ALiTV.— Method is the very hinge of business, and 
there is no business without punctuality. Punctuality is 
important, because it subserves the peace and good temper of 
a family; the want of it not only infringes on necessary duty, 
but somotimes excludes this duty. Punctuality is important 
as it gains time; it is like packing things in a box; a good 
packer will get in half as much mora as a bad one. The 
calmness of mind which it produces is another advantage to 
punctuality; a disorderly man is always in a hurry; he has no 
time to speak with you, because he is going elsewhere; and 
when he goes there he is too late for his business, or he must 
hurry away to another before he has finished it. 

It was a wise maxim of the Puke of Newcastle, "I do one 
thing at a time." Punctuality gives weight to character. 
'Such a man has made an appointment, then I know he will 
keep it." And this generates punctuality in you; for, like 
other virtues, it propagates itself; servants and children must 
be punctual, where their leader is so. Appointments, indeed, 
become debts. T owe you punctuality if I have made an 
appointment with you; and have no light to throw away your 
time if I do my own. 



NEVER despise or oppose what yon do not understand. 




w 



CTTJ'VEIsrini.E INSTRUCTOR. 



223 





.A. CA BA VAIT. 

Herewith we give our readers a picture of a "caravan," as 
a company of merchants or travelers crossing a desert of 
Arabia, is called. Caravans, however, are seldom composed 
of so few persons and camels as are shown in the engraving, it 
being safer to travel in larger companies. The illustration 
therefore will better serve to represent part of a earavan. 

In our country if a merchant wishes to transport his goods 
from one part to another, he has them hauled by teams to the 
railroad depot, where they are loaded upon the cars and sent 
off at almost lightning speed to the place desired; or, if not 
convenient to send by rail, he has his goods loaded into wagons 
drawn by horses or mules, commonly called "freight teams," 
by which the transit is very readily and easily made. But in 
Arabia it is entirely different. There if a merchant, or a 
company of merchants want to transport their wares to some 
distant market, or go toother markets to purchase goods, they 
assemble a herd of camels, such huge, ungainly beasts as those 
exhibited in the picture, and load whatever they want to carry 
upon their backs. 

Some of our readers have 
probably seen Mexican pack 
trains. Such trains used to 
be more common in our Ter- 
ritory in the days of its early 
settlement than the} - are at 
the present time. Through 
a rugged, mountainous coun- 
try, where there are no good 
wagon roads, there is no 
better and easier style of 
traveling than with a pack 
tiain, with the luggage all 
lashed on small Mexican 
mules, and other good mules 
or hor-es for the riders. 
The Mexicans are more ac- 
customed to this style of 
traveling than any others; 
but it was a style that pre- 
vailed to a considerable ex- 
tent among all classes of 
gold seekers at the time when Utah and California and the 
adjacent Territories were first settled. Some of our Elders 
also had considerable experience in traveling with pack trains; 
several parties of missionaries and many parties of explorers 
having had recourse to this style of traveling, as being the 
most convenient for the journeys they had to undertake. 

Those who have seen a pack train can form some idea of the 
manner of carrying goods that the Arabians of the deserts 
have. But the small Mexican mule will scarcely bear compari- 
son as a beast of burden with the camel used on the great 
deserts. The camel is peculiarly adapted to a life of hardship 
and endurance, such as he is forced to undergo in carrying his 
immense burdens over the great stretches of waterless deserts 
that are found in the region he inhabits. Though not a hand- 
some animal by any means, he is not to be despised, as there 
i- ao other animal that could fill his place for the purpose for 
which he is used. 

By an extraordinary provision of nature the camel can carry 
water sufficient in his stomach to last him a great length of 
time; and that is not all, he can also go a considerable time 
without food; as the humps Oil his hack are composed of fat, 

d serve to Sustain his life when no food can I btained. 



.a. :m: oust a- the ztjistis. 



BY R. II. SMITH. 




[Concluded.) 

The whole Zuni tribe of Indians is composed of four villages, 
viz: "Zuni," (the main village), "Pescada Ojo," or Fish 
Springs, "Augua Caliente," or Warm Water, and "Neutras.*' 
These four villages have their own chiefs and officers in each 
of their own towns to govern them. These officers consist of 
a governor, two lieutenants and an "alcalda," or justice of the 
peace. It is the duty of the governor and justice of the peace 
to decide all difficulties and disputes between parties that can- 
not be settled among themselves. They have a code of laws 
or rules for the people to be governed by, and certain penalties 
attached for the non-compliance of individuals to them. All 
of the officers of these tour villages are under the jurisdiction 
of one head governor living at the village called Zuni, and if 
any dispute comes up that cannot be settled by the officers of 

the villages it is taken to 
him, and he calls together 
such of the prominent men 
of the different towns as he 
thinks proper, and they talk 
the matter over, and then 
he makes his decision. 
Troubles of this kind very 
.'eldom occur, and the rules 
of the tribe are executed by 
the officers in a very mild 
but decisive manner. 

They have a custom also 
among them that the father 
rules all of his posterity as 
long as he lives. I have 
seen where the man was 
ruler over all of his family 
down to his great-grand- 
children, and they all seem 
to work very harmoniously 
together. I have seen as 
many as forty men and boys 
working in the same field together and all for one man, sowing, 
hoeing, planting and making ditches, and after this field was 
completed they would go to '.he next, ;nd so on until they had 
their crops put in and ready for irrigating. 

After the crops are all put in, they have a tradition among 
them that the men must run all around the land that thoy arc 
tilling, so that the great Puller of the crops and the elements, 
will bless their labors by causing plenty of rain to fall, so that 
their crops will not sutler tor want of water. It is quite an 
exciting scene to see them perform this ceremony. They will 
a-.-emble on one side of the cultivated land and tnen choose 
Up sides to see which party will run around the land in the 
shortest time. Each parly has a stick aliout four inches in 
length, and about three fourths of an inch in diameter, this 
is thrown upon the ground, and they have to keep this in front 
of them as they run, by kicking it and throwing it with their 
toes. The party that gets their stick around the land first 
and back to the Starting point wins the game or race. This 
racing, or running around the land is kept up for several days 
at each village, and men come from all the Other villages to 
participate in the running; there are generally afoul out 

hundred and fifty engaged in the race, with an equal numl 





224 



JL r YEITIL.E IHSTBTJCTOE/, 




on each side. Before starting on the race they choose about 
five on each side, of their best runners to be the leaders and 
these five generally do all the kicking and throwing of the 
stick, as they are chosen for their swiftness, and being experts 
with the stick. The rest of the party keep as near up with 
them as they can, and keep up a loud hallooing to encourage 
their leaders. All before starting to run, strip themselves of 
everything in the shape of clothing, except a small girdle 
around the waist. After the racing is over at one village they 
go to the nest, and so on until all are visited. 

They have a great variety of games and plays for their 
amusement. They have certain days in the year for feasts 
and dances. The music on these occasions is made by the 
beating of rude drums and the rattling of gourds and bones. 
Many of them also have the hard shells of turtles, with the 
hoofs of sheep and lambs tied to them, which they rattle. 
There is a great deal of time and meter in their music, and 
they have a number of different steps in their dances. 

In every house is found several hand mills for grinding up 
the wheat and corn, which is done wholly by the women; and 
while they are grinding they have a song they sing, which 
sounded to me at a distance like the rumbling noise made by 
the running of our common grist mills. 

They manufacture a great many blankets from the wool of 
their sheep, which they trade to other tribes for horses and 
other articles of trade common among all tribes of Indians. 

When we first went among them they were quite shy and 
timid; but after we explained to their governor what our object 
was in coming to see them, tLey felt very well pleased, and 
eaine out in large numbers to hear us talk. We held meeting 
after meeting with them and explained to them the principles 
of the gospel, and also told them that the Book of Mormon 
was a history of their forefathers, which greatly pleased them, 
as they said it was in fulfillment of what had been promised 
them by their forefathers. Many of the leading men said 
they believed all we told them, and that their fathers had often 
told them that at some time in the future a class of intelligent 
people would come among them, and bring them a knowledge 
of whom they were and where they came from. They stated 
that a fc-w years ago, when the United States officers came 
auions them to fix the boundaries of their reservation they 
thought they were the men spoken of by their fathers, but 
they soon found that they were not, as they only put them on 
ri small portion of land and told them to stay on it, and then 
I. ft them. 

After we had held several meetings with them Lama Luna, 
the governor of "Pescada Ojo," or Fish Springs, came to us 
and said In- believed all we said, and knew by the good spirit 
that whispered to him that all we bid spoken was true, and 
thi' be desired baptism, and tint others of his village did 
also. 

We went to a little stream and baptized him and twelve 
others that day, and continued to hold meetings with them 
and baptize until we had baptized in all one hundred and 
eleven persons— sixty-eight at Pish Springs, twenty-seven at 
Neutras and sixteen at Warm Water. 




<> Ci pation.— What a glorious thing it is for the human 
heart! Those who work hard seldom yield to fancied or 
real sorrow. When itrief sits down, folds its hands, ami 

mournfully feeds U] its own tears, weaving the dim 

shadows that a little exertion might sweep away into a 
funeral pall, the strong spirit \- shorn of its might, and 
irrow becomes our master. 



IHSTTiE^DElST J^JSTJD PEESB- 



For success is every human being striving. "How shall it 
be reached?" is the deepest problem of each man's life. 
But the grandest problems are ever enveloped in the deepest 
mystery; and the true answer of this question wi'l lead us to 
eaith's most coveted places. Man sees thousands above him 
who have already reached the goal he hopes to attain. He 
may endeavor to look back upon their foot-prints; and though 
he sees many of their helps and hindrances, he can not know 
of the silent inner struggles of these lives, or of the most cir- 
cuitous windings of their pathways. Could he know, it would 
be no criterion by which to guide his footsteps. For each one 
of us has an obstacle to surmount, unlike any ever before ex- 
isting; and not only has he a different hindrance given, but he 
has to help him something whose counterpart no one else will 
ever possess. 

Then it must follow that each one will reach success by a 
different road. But there are certain things which every one 
must attain, no matter how wide a chasm may separate his 
ideal good from that of another. And as the rarest treasures 
are ever guarded by one lock, and then another, and often 
others still, so is the road to success guarded from all of the 
earth's sons who do not possess both interest in their work and 
perseverance to continue. 

No person can rightly commence a work in which he feels 
no interest. And we could not desire him to continue in that 
which was not rightly commenced. Therefore interest is ever 
the first cause of arousing men to successful labor. None of 
the great reformations of the past that have uprooted evils 
standing for many generations could have been achieved 
had they failed to awaken the interest of the people. 
In looking back upon the world's history, we find recorded the 
names of many measures brought before its several nations, 
which we feel, had they been successful, would have been the 
means of arousing the people to a higher standard of worth. 
As we ask ourselves, "Why should this great and grand scheme 
meet with so igoominous a failure?" we can truly answer, 
because its coadjutors awakened to interest in the minds of 
others. 

Would Columbus ever have succeeded in discovering the 
New World had he not felt that his scheme was among the 
grandest that ever entered man's mind? And could J]urope's 
sovereigns with him have seen its greatness, he would not have 
waited long years for a fleet to cross the Atlantic. In what- 
ever cause we may be laboring, those who work with the great- 
est interest, other things being equal, are the most success- 
ful. 

But interest without perseverance will gain for us no vic- 
tories. How many young people choose for tneir life-work 
that for which they have much talent! They work energetic- 
ally and faithfully but for a short time, and then because suc- 
cess does not crown their first effort — because they meet what 
men must inevitably meet, obstacles — because the world will 
not give homage to those, whose worth is untried; they com- 
mence some other work with as great interest as before, and 
with as little perseverance, and the results of the second are 
but results of the first. Perseverance requires not only unceas- 
ing labor, but enduring patience. We must work expecting 
to wait, it may be years, for any degree of success. If the 
first effort be unsuccessful, how much greater is the need that 
we lay not down our vigilance, but give the undivided powers 
of our being to the second attempt. Even though some 





J-TT VE1TILE IFSTRUCTOB. 



7^h 



S&2T 




avenging God may seem to follow our footsteps, and endeavor 
to foil every plan, shall we give up? No! let us say we will 
conquer; and the greater the number of obstacles overcome, 
the prouder, the more glorious the victory. 

Those who lack perseverance do not continue long in any 
one work; and constant change will cause the wealth or popu- 
larity which they seek, to seem ever but just a little beyond 
their reach. It will ever be beyond, never gained. But to 
what success may interest and perseverance lead us! Then 
realize what strong weapons for good are interest and persever- 
ance; let us remember that they are just as powerful instru- 
ments of evil, if used in the cause of wrong. Some successes 
are the worst failures that can be attained. Endeavor to reach 
the true success. And what is this if not the accomplishment 
of the greatest possible good? And in however humble a 
manner our neighbor may seek to impiove the condition of 
the world, let us not despise his work, but look rather at the 
effects than the means. 



^ |f,ri}j to ^utj ^nti$*At§. 



CHAPTER XIX 



BY HUGH KNOUGU. 



rpiiE whole of New Zealand, with the exception of the mouc- 
1 tain hights, is admirably adapted for cultivation or grazing; 
in fact, with its rich soil, frequent rains and temperate climate, 
I know of no country in the world that surpasses it for agricul- 
tural and grazing purposes. By a proper system of agricul- 
ture, modified to suit the varied climate which necessarily 
prevails in a country extending over twelve degrees of tem- 
perate latitude, every variety of cereal and root crop may be 
successfully raised; and with due care New Zealand will not 
fail to become a great producing and exporting country of all 
the chief food staples.. 

Foreign trees and shrubs introduced have grown and flour- 
ished with a vigor scarcely ever attained in their own natural 
homes. The hop grows with unexampled luxuriance, and 
grasses of all kinds produce returns that would be considered 
fabulous in the lands to which they are indigenous. Fruits and 
vegetables of all kinds suited to the latitude grow in abundance. 
Agriculture in all its branches is beginning to be followed out 
upon an extensive and improved system. The average yield 
to the acre of wheat is 19 bushels; of oats, 21, and of barley 
is bushels. In the year 1X74 the number of acres under 
cultivation was 264,015. 

We may here speak of wool growing in this country. The 
few sheep introduced a few years ago have propagated so 
enormously that now this useful animal is almost a drug in 
the market, although generally of the finest quantity, having 
been crossed with the finest breeds selected from all parts of 
the world. Each year after shearing thousands are killed for 
the purpose of thinning the flocks and for the sake ot the 
pelts. The carcasses are thrown into large vats and boiled 
down so as to secure the tallow. During the past year or two 
a new industry has been started, and promises most admirable 
results. Persons have formed companies and with the proper 
machinery and material, have in a scientific manner canned 
the fresh mutton (minus the bones) and shipped it to the 




large cities of Europe and even to America. I have enquired 
of several English emigrants who have lately arrived in Utah, 
concerning this canned meat, and they are unanimous in their 
opinion that it is splendid, turns out as good as when fresh 
killed, and is much cheaper and more economical than meat 
purchased in the ordinary market. Thus, we see that no 
community need have fear of over producing any staple 
article of commerce, for although the sheep farmc-rs of New 
Zealand formerly were puzzled and discomfited to know what 
tci do with their surplus mutton, a little thoueht, with the 
assistance of science, has made what was formerly a drug, an 
article of great commercial value. But a short while ago 
farmers in Utah were complaining that it was no use to 
grow fruit or potatoes— there was no market for them and it 
didn't pay. Many let their orchards and fields go to waste, 
and now, how sorry they are for it, when such remunerative 
markets are opened, with good price?, for dried fruits (of wliich 
they had no thought then) and the potato. My young friends, 
never be afraid of doing too much, for providence, you will 
find, will always open a way to utilize your labors aud reward 
the industrious. Keep going ahead, and use the faculties 
which God has given you, and if you cannot employ your 
labor one way, use your wits and try another. 

In 1871, the uuniber of sheep on the islands was 9,683,651; 
horses 80,477, and cattle 435,877, and these naturally, in the 
course of five years have greatly increased. 

The imports and exports of a country afford the readiest 
means of gaining an idea of its prosperity. The latest official 
report I can obtain, is for the year 1S72, when the imports 
were valued at $25,714,755, machinery, coal (mines are now 
being opened in the country), and railroad arid telegraphic 
materials forming a large proportion. To counteract this out 
payment, New Zealand exported of her productions in that 
year to the value of $25,535,930; of these exports that ot 
gold amounted to $8,654,960; wool, $12,689,595; grain and 
flour $593,665; phormium (Now Zealand flax) S4'.i7.02. r 1 ; hides 
and tallow #4">2,7">. r ); preserved meats. $809,200; timber 
$92,000. Oil and whalebone which, in the early days of the 
colony, were regarded as its staple product*, have become too 
insignificant to mention. T must not forget to mention the 
item of Kauri gum exported this vear, which amounted in 
value to $770,835. This trade is confined to the natives, and 
in a small decree they contribute a share to the products of 
timber, gold, flax and agriculture; many of the natives culti- 
vating and owning fine farms and sheep and cattle ranches. 
Of the revenue of the country the total receipts for the jear 
1873 was $13,988,175. 

I will not comment on the above figures, but think you will 
acknowledge that they make a pretty fair showing for a young 
country the greater part of which has not been settled more 
than a quarter of a century. From information gleaned from 
local newspaper reports, the country is to-day in a better 
condition than it has ever been, the motto being, "upward and 
onward." 

Of the cost of living in these islands, I may say that 
provisions and groceries are at about the same price as in 
Utah, but clothing is much cheaper. Of the cost of land, 
the Government upset price is $1,25 per acre, and building 
material averages about the same as in Utah. 

Wages will average Utah rates, that of domestic female 
servants being slightly higher in New Zealand. 

A word, before 1 close this chapter, to my very young 
readers. I can fully sympathize with you in having Mich a 
big array of figures as given here, and know that they are 





226 



J-TJ^ElSriLE HTSTBTJOTOB. 




very dry and tiresome, but you must remember I wish to 
please and inform my older readers, as well as my young friends, 
which I trust I have done and will in the future do. And if, 
my little ores, you cannot understand them fully now, I think, 
if you will carefully fold up and put away your INSTRUCTORS, 
when you have read all that is now interesting to you, and 
then in a year or two take them out and read the "dry stuff,' 
;: will not be so disagreeable after all. 



HAWAILA1T CUSTOMS. 




FROM letter- written to the 4th Ward Sunday School, of this 
City, bj a firmer lady teacher o l i that school, who is now 
with her husband filling a mission to the Sandwich Islands, we 
are permitted to make the following extract-: 

'"The manner- and customs of '.he natives of these Islands 
are. of course, very different from our own: and I assure you 
everythine appeared very strange to me when I first arrived 
here, and for some time after: but by this time they begin to 
appear more familiar and even natural. 1 now scarcely notice 
the roar and splash of the wave- of the ocean, that when I 
first came here disturbed my sleep; nor doe- it seem at all 
strange for me to pick Hewers in December and January, or 
to have the green grass growing up to my door all the year 
round. 

"The houses oi the natives are a- a general thing, little, 
low grass huts, with usually but one or two -mall openings, 
which answer the purpose of both door- and windows The 
floors are covered with mats woven by the women from the 
- of what i- called the 'puhala' tree. Their bed- coi sist 
of a number of these mats, and often ..copy half of the room. 
Thej seldom have chairs of any kind, but -it on the mats. It 
seemed very strange to me at first when the native- would 

come to me, for them to refuse to take the chair- I would 

proffer them, an 1 -cat themselves on the floor around inc. 

■■Their principal article of food i- 'poi,' which i- made 

from the native vegetable, 'taro.' It is cooked in an oven of 
rocks made under-ground. When cooked it is taken out and 

pounded until i- i- of the consistency of thick flour paste. 
It i- tlnn allowed to ferment, when it i- ready to be eaten. 
The native- will all sit around one large calabash of poi.' and 
with beef, ti-li or -alt they will all go to eating. And. oh! 
guch mouthful!-' it would make you laugh to -co them. 
They will put two and oft.-n three fingers into the poi.' wind 

it round and round, until tin) have got a- lnti.h on them as 

in |in-sihh gel and then the head is thrown backwards, 
the mouth is opened to its widest dimensions and the whole 
of the throe fingers up to the knuckles are taken into the 
mouth, which closes OU them with a loud -mack. 

"In regard to manner-, they know but little; and the 

uncouth, ignorant way- of some of them are often very ann ly- 

mgh we cioi.t blame them when we consider the way 

in which they are re:ir. d Frequently a crowd of dirty-look ins 

I native children will come peeping in at my door 

or flattening tic ir noses against the window pi -: and I 

• forbear contrasting them with the sweet, clean looking, 

ed children at home Oh how thankful you should 

i are not like these poor ignorant native-. My 

heart is often moved with pity for them, that thev do not 

i children enjoy and so little 
apprei 

There i- also much superstition < • x i - 1 i 1 1 ir hem; 

their mind- are dark and clouded, though the gospel of 
Christ is doing much towards enlightening them and driving 



from their minds the dark clouds of superstition which for so 
many years past have enveloped them. 

"I have attended two native feasts lately, which I will try 
to describe to vou, taking the first one to begin with. Of 
course the natives all came out in their holiday attire, with 
wreaths of flowers on their heads and around their necks. 
Some of them looked very well, while others did not look so 
well. They all assembled in the enclosure, around our houses, 
and after forming in a procession, they escorted us white 
folks down to the meeting house, which was beautifully decor- 
ated with fern and other green leaves, beautiful flowers, and 
the berry from a small shrub or tree called the 'tare,' the same 
I believe that is spoken of in the Bible. The berry is a little 
larger than our wild plum, and is of a bright red color and 
t looks very pretty, interwoven with green leaves. The natives 
display considerable taste in arranging flowers, and they make 
their wreaths in a very different way from any that I ever saw 
at home. They thread the flowers on a string, the same as 
we do beads, first picking off the green petals and then passing 
the needle down through the heart of the flower, and so on 
with each flower until the wreath is of the required size. Try 
it, some of you, my young friends, and see if it does not make 
a pretty wreath. But I am forgetting the feast, or picnic, 
as we would call it. 

"After we arrived at the meeting house we were each of us 
(that is the white folks) bedecked with one of the wreaths just' 
described, and then the exercises began with singing and 
prayer. The white brethren and several of the natives 
delivered speeches, after which we repaired to a large bowery 
outside, which had been erected for the purpose. Here the 
tables were all set on the ground, green leaves answering for 
table-cloths, calabashes for plates and fingers for knives and 
forks. The food consisted of beef, fish, poik, salt, poi and na- 
tive fruit; and was eaten with great relish. After our repast 
was over we returned to the meeting house, where they in- 
dulged in various games, such as, I should judge, none but 
Hawaiians could enjoy, for I must confess that I could see but 
little pleasure in them. But then you must know that dif- 
ferent people have different ways of enjoying themselves, 

The picnic lasted until evening, when all returned to 
their l.i m is apparently well satisfied with their day's pleasure, 
and especially with the eating part, for there are but few of 
them but who can do ample justice to a meal of good beef 
and poi. 

"The second feast was somewhat similar to the first, only 
they ate in what they call 'houli' style; that is, after the 
fashion of white folks. They had rude tables constructed, 
and gathered together all the cups, plates, knives, forks and 

.-1 ii- that they could get; and it was truly aniusini; to see 

-onie of them trying t" eat with spoons and knives and forks. 
Vou would have laughed to have seen how awkwardly they 
handled them, and how they would open their mouths to 
swallow a big spoonful of 'poi.' I am not sure that they 
enjoye 1 their food as well as if they had sat cross-legged on the 
ground, and eaten with their fingers from their calabashes. 

'Habit makes a great difference. While we would complain 
of being very uncomfortable were we obliged to .-it on the 

11 they an- not at all at ease on a chair: and they seldom 

-it on anything but the floor when they visit our houses." 
— — m> m '» 

Learn in youth, if you can, thai happiness is not outside, 

but inside. A g 1 heart and a clear e nscience brings 

happiness, which no riches ami no circumstances alone ever 

do. 





vITJ^r^lsriI-.E INSTRUCTOR 



227 




^nesHon^ anil j^nsHJcr^ 

OUST THIE 
BOOK OF :&£ O IR, IMI O UST . 



LESSON CXIV. 

Q. — As the disciples of Jesus were on one occasion engaged in 
prayer, what happened? 

A. — Jesus came and stood in the midst of them. 

Q. — As He was about to depart, what did nine of his disciples 
request of Him? 

A.— That when they had lived to the age of man, they might 
speedily come to Him. 

Q. — What did Jesus say to tbera? 

A.— "After ye are seventy-two years old ye shall come into my 
kingdom." 

Q. — What was the desire of the other three disciples? 

A. — That they might not sutler death. 

Q. — What did Jesus promise them? 

A.— That their desire should be granted, and that when He 
came in His glory, they should be changed in the twinkling of 
an eye from mortality to immortality. 

Q. — Previous to departing, what did Jesus do? 

A.— He touched with His finger all His disciples except the 
three who desired to live forever. 

Q. — What then happened to these three? 

A. — They were caught up into heaven and a chancre was 
wrought upon their bodies. 

Q. — What was the condition of the people for many years after 
this? 

A. — They had all been baptized and were blessed and pros- 
pered. 

Q.— Who kept the record after Xephi, the disciple of Jesu-? 

A. — His son Nephi. 

Q.— How l»ng did he keep it? 

A. — Until his death in the year 110. 

OUT THE BIBLE. 




Q.— What further enquiry did David make? 
A. — "Wi.l the men of Keilah deliver me and my men into the 
hand of Saul?" 
Q. — What did the Lord answer? 
A. — "They will deliver thee up." 
Q— What did David then do? 
A.— He and his men arose and went whithersoever they could 

Q. — now many were there with David 1 

A. — About six hundred. 

Q.— When it was told Saul that David had escaped, what did 
he do? 

A. — He "forbare to go forth" to besiege Keilah. 

Q. — Where did David and his men stay? 

A.— He "abode in the wilderness in strongholds, and remained 
in a mountain in the wilderness of Ziph." 

Q —What did Saul then do? 

A.— He "sought him every day, but God delivered him not into 
his hand." 

Q.— What did Jonathan say to David when he went to him in 
the wood? 

A.— "Fear not; f"r the hand of Saul my father shall not find 
thee; and thou shalt be king over Israel, and I shall be next unto 
thee; and that also Saul my father knoweth." 

Q.— What did David and Jonathan then do? 

A.— They made a covenant with each other In-fore the Lord. 

Q.— Win. went and told Saul where David WM hid? 

A.— Tin- Ziphiles. 

Q. — What did they | do? 

A. — "To deliver him Into Iho I ing' hnnd." 



More Profitable than Diamonds. — A nobleman had 
been showing his costly jewels to a friend, expatiating on 
their beauty and richness, and telling him the vast sum these 
precious stones had cost. "And yet," he added, "though 
their value is so great they yield me no income." 

It was idle riches which gave back no returns except the 
simple satisfaction of possessing, and the pleasure they might 
give to the eye. But familiarity soon makes one indifferent 
to the former, and the eye is very quickly satisfied with 
seeing. 

"Come with me," said the friend, "and I will show you 
two stones that cost me but ten dollars, but they yield me 
over two hundred dollars a year." 

Curious to see such valuable gems, the nobleman walked 
with him to the banks of the stream, and entering a structure 
near at hand, a pair of industrious millstones were pointed 
out which yielded more returns thau all his diamonds. 

It is the working money of the world that is of real value 
in it. The hoarded money might just as well be hoarded 
pebble= for all the good it does its possessor. How much 
good a single dollar may do in a day if kept rustling about 
from hand to hand. Here it will pay the washerwoman's 
bill, then she can pay her week's rent. The landlord can pass 
it on to his grocer; the grocer will give it in change to a poor 
man who pays for his sack of meal, and so on through the 
day, until that single dollar may have done the work of ten 
dollars. 

Young people should early learn the lesson of "spending 
well," as well as "saving well." It is quite as important to 
learn to make a wise investment of money as to learn to save 
it. Dr. Franklin gives a good suggestion to all when he says, 
"He that empties his purse into his head makes an Invest- 
ment of which nothing can rob him." 



Don't be Offended.— It is always better to pass a dozen 
intended insults without recognition, than to take offence at a 
single unintentional neglect or reflection. Misunderstandings 
are fruitful of more unkindly feelings in society than ever 
result from deliberate ill-nature. Hundreds of friendships 
have been sundered by that egotistical sensitiveness which is 
ever looking for offence. We can all point to person-, who are 
thus morbidly sensitive to a painful degree. We need not 
spend our precious time in pointing to them, however. We 
have each something to guard in our own character. We 
are each inclined to take offence too easily. If we could move 
this ever jealous watchfulness, society would gain a new 
charm, or rather it would be relieved of a very disagreeable 
feature, l'ass neglect, then, and personal reflections, as 
gracefully as possible, instead of taking the risk of being 
offended when no offeme is intended. 



A BlNTTO Voting Si i DENTS. It is a most excellent study 
to write off sentences or whole pages which have pleased you, 
and then putting books and manuscripts both aside, again 
write the ideas or facts, clothing them in your words, and not 
referring either to the written or printed page. If the 
practice i- persevered in for one year, die student will be 
surprised ai the facility be has gained i» the expression of 
ideas and in the breadth of thought. The boy or .-ill with 
energy enough to try this will also be bright enough to wj 
,1„. exerciue in a dozen ways, making it at one more interesl 
iiiL' and of more value. 



4$ 



? 



228 



J" IT "V" IE IT I L ej iitstruotob. 




IJN"VITJLTIOIsr TO SABBATH SCHOOLS. 



Duet k Chorus 

Allegretto 



By "Iorwerth. " 



SE^EEE" 



Come all who love to 






study. At - tend the Sabbath School; Our friends are always ready, (For 



ordei 



i-, the 




/i 



-,,-fc 



then, for they will 

4 




=i)=li3— fczg— *Z3 

our youths with gladness, And love to do them good. Come, 



intellectual food. 



=a==^=t 



t 



Then 



old and young come 



|^:t=3-t: 
^a — « — — ■■ 






forward. 



^=3=5^3^3=^ 



And show vour willing 



To raise a 



p — fm fi 

mighty 



— i o . »i_^; — — ■— — 1— — ■;» — « — - — — 

=t— ?=r3-U_— £-£— 3=^=^p=ff^=3^t=t==^=3=t 

- J — r — r — >— i 3 ^ — 






$r: 







truth and righteous 

«_ffi_„ £ 

» — m <m m 






--=t- 



^=^ 



--=$^3-- 




truth and righteous 
-0 * !_ __*_ 

-I 

:t-- 



E=3==:^~ 

FH — i= * 3 



ness. 



ill 



Come, then, my friends and brethren, 

Come, then, my sisters, too; 
C ■ • 1 1 1 1 ■ all ye little children, 

Wo'll teach you what o> do 
We II teach yciti that obedience 

[j what's required of you, 
To fathers, mothers, guardians, 

And all your teachers too. 



From this kind invitation 

O! do not turn away; 
And when we ask attention, 

Be ready to obey, 
(jive beei to all instructions, 

Be kind abroad, at home; 
And God will give protection 

Wherever you may roam. 



e nsr i a- nvi a. . 



BY \. <'.. M rl.KVK. 



My first is in hay but Dot in straw, 
My second in judge but not in law: 
My third is in zest but not in will, 
My fourth in in stream but not in rill; 
My fifth is in kind bilt not in love. 
My sixth is in ijuail but not in dove; 
Mv seventh in earth, also in sea 
My ■iirhili i- in hive but not in bee. 

My whole is the nai »f an ancient kin. 

Who trusted to God in everything. 



Have an Objective Point. — A person who has no object 

in life is apt to run a vagrant and useless career. A man win 
aims at nothing cannot reasonably expect to hit anything. In 
military operations there is always what is called the objective 
point. The objective point is ths point to be made, the thing 
to be done. All the forces of the army are concentrated on 
the making of th-.it point: and when that point is made success 
flows. In one sense life is a warfare — it is a succession of 
campaigns. And every one should have his objective point — 
a clearly- deti ned purpose — and work up to it with undeyiating 
persistency. This is the only wav to succeed. 



The answer to the Enigma in No. 17 is Australasia. We 
have received correct solutions from ('. Lindhnlm. Tooele; 
lietitia Williams, Ogden; Maria M. Miller, Richfield; Lydiu 
L. Allied, Luanna A. Booth, St. Charles, and Joseph Irwin. 
s ili Lake City. 



JTTVEISriX/E] I1TSTRTJOTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST k FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTE. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 

TERM S 



EDITOR. 




Kbrati m.— In the first chapter of "Among the Zunis," in No. 
17 thi definition of "Pescada Ojo" is, through a typosrraphicnl 
r, fiven ■■ ' Fresh Springs " If should be "Fish Springs " 



IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

jEif-Office, South Temple Strent, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utih. 




