
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1\ IS74 



NO. 10. 



WITHOUT C^uIR,:E. 




Din you ever 
hear the 
words: "As hap- 
py as a king?" I 
dare say you 
have heard them 
often; but did it 
ever occur to y< iu 
that if most peo- 
ple were only as 
happy as kings, 
it is not certain 
that they would 
have the highest 
kind of happi- 
ness? 

"I am as hap- 
py as a kins 1 . 
Cousin May," 
said a little boy 
to me one day, 
when, after tak- 
ing a stroll in 
bis uncle's beau- 
tiful gardens 
sill grounds, the 
gardener g a v e 
him a splendid 
bunch of great 
white-heart cher- 
•ies. 

"What makes 
you say that, 
Bertie, dear? 
asked I, looking 
down into the 
'iri<rht face turn- 
Mi up to mine; 
"do you think 
'cings are so very 
happy?" 

•Why, yes, I 
suppose so," re- 
plied the child; 
" i king has sot 




a beautiful crown 
on his head, and 
fine carriages 
and horses to 
lake him out to 
drive, and then 
everybody obeys 
him; and besides, 
he can do just as 
he likes, you 
know, and that 
must be v e r y 
nice ! ' 

"But, Bertie.'' 
I replied, "'these 
things bring a 
g r e a t deal of 
t r o u b 1 e with 
them. If you 
were a king, and 
had a crown such 
as that of which 
you were speak- 
ing, how should 
you like to have 
foiuc one else al- 
ways trying to 
take it away from 
you?' ' 

"I should not 
like it at all." an- 
swered Bertie, 
stout! y ■ and 
what's in o r e . 
Cousin May, I 
would not 1 c i 
him have it. 

"Yes, that is 
very likely, but 
would not the 
knowledge that 

ho was your en- 
emy make yon 
unhappy, or ai 
least cause von 





218 



JUVEITILE IE-STBTJCTOR. 




a great amount of eari and trouble and unsasiness both day 
and night?" 

"Why, yes, I think it would. " 

''And yet this is only one of the troubles to which kings are 
exposed; I could tell you of many which would soon show you 
that fine carriages and horses cannot give happiness, and that 
the care of ruling a number of people is far greater than the 
pleasure; and as for having their own way in everything, Bertie, 
I must tell you that kings have less of their own way than a 
great many common men. and that they find it very hard to 
please everyl ody. 

"I never thought of all this before, Ccujin May," said Bertie, 
thoughtfully; "but now I am glad lam not a king." 

" : You are a little boy," I replied, "with health and strength, 
and loving parents, and a happy home, and that is far better 
than being a king; especially if you are happy in the home 
where God has placed you, and grow up with the feeling that 
He will do all for the best. Let me tell you a story which will 
impress upon your mind the talk which we have had this 
morning. 

'Once upon a time there were two redbreasts who lived in a 
snug nest, where no one ever disturbed them in any way, and 
where they brought up their little fa nily year after year. In 
the summer time there was always plenty of food to be found, 
and in the winter they used to fly to the window of a large 
house not far off, where the kind children fed them with crumbs. 
Robin, the father of the nest, ought to have been a very happy 
bird, and so he was for a time, but he grew uncomfortable at 
la -it, and bigan to grumble at his lot. 

" 'If I were only like that beautiful bird now!' sighed he, as 
a pheasant reared its proud head from the stubble of a corn-field 
'Here am I as mean a little thing as can well be, while this fine 
creature is praised by every beholder. ' 

"So spoke the robin, but the words were hardly out of h's 
beak, when the sharp report of a gun was heard, and the noble 
1 pheasant was stretched dead upon the earth. 

" 'Well,' said the robin, as he flew quickly away, 'I see there 
are dangers for such folks as pheasants, which we little robins 
seldom know. I am really not sorry I am such a small common 
bird.' 

"In his flight towards home, however, he happened to pause 
for a short rest upon a tree which overhung a poultry yard, 
where the cocks and hens were strutting about, and a little 
girl was feeding them with corn from her apron. 

" 'There, now,' cried the robin, 'that must be very delight- 
ful ! These happy birds have nothing to do but enjoy them- 
selves, and pick up the food thrown to them, while I have to 
hunt for what I eat, and only get a little help in the winter. 
I should like to be a barn-door fowl.' 

"But even as the robin was speaking, one of the hens flew 
up a short way towards the tree, evidently wishing to roost 
there; greatly to the robin's surprise, however, she fell flutter- 
ing back to the ground, and, on looking closer, he perceived 
that her wings were clipped, and she could not fly above one or 
two yards. 

" Well I declare!' cried the robin, with a chirrup of self- 
reproach; 'what a stupid bird I have been! I wouldn't change 
my strong, swift wings for all the corn that e\e. - was scattered, 
and 111 never envy other birds again.' (heat dignities have 
great troubles, and for my own part I would rather be without 
grandeur, and without care." — [Selected. 




He is the wise man who with a good 
himself to the things of nescessity. 



'race accommodates 



AQ,U"EOTJS AGE1TCIES. 
From the "Ten and 1'low." 



FIRE and water have ever been the principal agents which 
have operated from time immemorial to alter the earth's 
crust and write the chapters in its geological history. But 
these forces act in opposite directions. They are in eternal 
and irreconcilable warfare. Fire is the agent of diversity. It 
has ever ticked upon the rock masses to plicate them, anil raise 
the general surface into mountain ridges and volcanic cones. 
Water is the agent of unity, it is ever striving to reduce all 
inequalities and eccentricities to a condition of uniformity. 
The frosts and rains on the up-lands are continually altering 
the topographical features of the globe; the tides and waves of 
the ocean tear away the fringes of the continent, and thus 
continually alter the contour of the land. The resultant of 
these two forces, fire and water, is a comparatively finished 
continent, with its lofty mountains, fertile valleys, and verdant 
plains. 

Long Island is being rapidly swallowed up by the sea. One 
thousand tons of earthy matter is torn from its banks daily 
and transported to the bottom of the ocean. In Nova Scotia. 
the ledges of trap, several hundred feet in height, fronting the 
Bay of Fundy, a>-e rapidly disappearing. The material along 
the water-line is eaten away by the waves until the overhang, 
ing cliffs tumble into the watery abyss where they are ground 
into mud and spread out on the sea-bottom. A part of the 
bay, where it is seven miles wide, has been excavated in the 
solid trail by the action of the waves. While solid rocks 
crumble and the old shores are obliterated, the sea itself 
remains without alteration the type of infinity. 
OCEAN. 
"Thy shores are empires, changed in all save thee; 

Assyria, Greece, Rome, Carthage, what are they? 
Thy waters wasted them while they were free, 

And many a tyrant since their shores obey 
The stranger, slave, or savage; their decay 

Has dried up realms o( deserts, not so thou, 
Unchangeable, save to thy wild waves' play — 

Time writes r.o wrinkles on thine azure brow - 
Such as creation's dawn beheld, thou rollest now. 

The coast of Di:rham. England, fronting the German Ocean, 
has a stretch of bold cliffs from Sunderland to Hartlepool, 
composed of magnesian limestone which belongs to the 
permean formation. In this innumerable caves have been 
excavated by the waves, and their partitions continually grow- 
ing thinner by attrition, to which they are subjected, at last 
give way. and precipitate the unsupported roof into the sea, 
which, being ground up and removed, the waves make a fresh 
inroad upon the land. Further south, at Whitby, is an old 
abbey on the verge of the cliff. When built, it was a mile 
and a half inland. The sea will soon appropriate it as its own. 
The towns of Auburn, Hyde, and Hartburn. together with the 
rocks on which they were built, have crumbled away and dis- 
appeared beneath the German ocean. The ancient villages of 
Cromer, Eccles, Shipden and Wimpwell, still further south, 
aU o s ha ed a sim lar fate. At Di n rich , in Suffolk, a n o lastery 
fifty-two churches, and four hundred houses have been swept 
away. Tli3 site was a rocky elevation, but, the sea is twenty 
feet deep where the houses once stood. 

North Frieslaud, in Holland, was, in the thirteenth century, 
a neck of land, ten miles long and seven broad. At the begin" 
ning of the seventeenth century it had nearly disappeared. A 
flood swept over the island in 1 034, destroying 1,300 houses, 





0" TJ "V" IE ILT I L IE IITSTRUCTOB. 



S19 




0,000 human beings, and 50,000 head of cattle. Thus the 
shores are worn by tempests, and wasted by the waves', and 
even the cities which men have built sink down and cover the 
ocean's plains. 

"On Lough-Neagh's banks as the fisherman strays, 

When the clear, cold eve's declining, 
He sees the round towers of other davs, 

In the wave beneath him shining; 
Then shall memory often in dreams sublime, 

Catch a glimpse of the days that are over, 
Thus sighing look through the waves of time, 

For the long faded glories they cover." 

« i ^ i» 

THE BIRD'S 1STEST. 



The clever squirrel builds a pretty little tower to shield him 
.. from the rain. The beaver builds a house of two stones, 
in a lake or river, to which he may retire for warmth and 
safety. But the bird needs no house or covering for herself. 
With her thick coat of feathers she fears neither wind r or 
rain, a^d makes her boms in 
the bright leafy bower. Bui 
as soon as she has to provide 
for her family she set* about 
lui ding her ne^t; and vhensver 
the young ones are able to 
leave the nest it is forsaken, 



USTIEW YORK SIP^RIROAA^S. 



and they, 



!H 



ike 



the o'd birds. 



take a free life in the woods. 

The tools with which the 
bird has to build her nest a: e 
not very handy. Her fcoi is 
not so clever as the squirrel's 
hand; nor her till so useful as 
the beaver's teeth. But a nest 
is made nut so much by fitting 
the parts to one another, as by 
pressing them together; and 
the tool really used by the 
bird for this purpose is her own 
body — her breast. With this 
she presses and kneads the 
moss, and straw, and hair, and 
wool; and beats and blends 
them — turning herself round a; 
times — till they form a close and 
no wind can pierce. 

The mother bird is very careful what she puts into the walls 
of her house. Her mate perhaps brings her some horse-hair; 
but it is too hard, and must go to make an under-layer. He 
brings hemp, but that is too cold; only the silky threads of 
certain plants, wool or cotton, will she use; or better still, her 
own feathers — soft down which she freely plucks from her own 
breast to form a bed for her little ones. 

But the male bird is very skillful and active in getting 
material for his mate. He follows the sheep to collect a little 
wool. From the poultry yard he gathers the feathers dropped 
by mother hen. Nay, if the farmer's wife should quit her 
seat in the porch for a few minutes, leaving behind her ball of 
flax or ends of wool, he will watch his chance, and joyfully go 
off the richer for a thread or two. 



d round in the nest many 
smooth lining through which 



1 can't begin to till you how many kinds of h jusjs there wcrci 
but any way, they were all ready when the strangers arrived 
and were turned loose in the city to find homes for themselves. 
Of course they found the snug houses at once, and bushels of 
food every way they turned, so they settled themselves without 
further trouble, furnished the houses — principally with bedding 
— and began to raise their families. 

Everybody was delighted, unless it was the Worm family. 
I don't suppose they liked it very well, because they didn't 
have so easy a time as before. If Mother Worm showed her 
green head out of doors she was apt to be snapped up in a 
hard little bill, and stuffed down the throat of a hungry little 
baby, and, naturally, she didn't enjoy it. 

But their good time was past. Their lively little enemies 
soon had big families of hungry children, and the children 
grew up and were able to hunt for themselves, and then they 
raised families for themselves. And when the weather grew 
cold, and the Worm family were all snugly asleep in their cosy 

little kid-away houses, the peo- 
p e scattered food from doors 
and windows for the Sparrow 
f niily. so that they would not 
get hungry and home-sick, and 
go away. And when spring 
came, and the Worm family 
caiie out as g< o 1 as new, pr^- 
parjd to have a nice time, as 
their foreiathers had done, 
therj were their enemies all 
teidy for them. They were 
snapped and dlspo r cd of by the 
hundreds, and thousands, and 
millions. Mr. and Mrs. Spar- 



\vn tree, and help themselves. 
But after a few years of this 
irt of thing, the worms got 
discouraged — or else eaten up 
— and there wasn't one to be 
seen. But the sparrows grew thicker and tamer, for no one 
was allowed to kill one. And the trees came out beautiful and 
green as of old, and the whole big city feels very grateful to 
the pretty little worm hunters from England. 

Now the whole city is full of them. They fly about the 
streets, among the omnibuses and wagons of Broadway, pick" 
ing up food from under the feet of the horses, coming down in 
the depots and ferry-houses to hurt up any stray bit of some- 
thing tii eat, and visiting each doorstep and back-yard for 
crumbs. 

They don't care a bit for the country and the woods, not 
they; they are sociable little fellows, and like to live among 
men; and all they ask is a retired home in some city tree, and 
plenty id' food for their babies. Oh. yes! and a morning 
bath. — I Christian Union. 




-^*- 




To enjoy to-day, stop worrying about to-morrow. Next week 
be just as cai>able of taking can 1 of itself a; this one is. 



Sydney Smith's Advice. — Be what nature intended you 

for. and you will succeed; In' any thing else and you will be ten 
thousand times worse than nothing. 





S20 



UVEl<riLE HTSTRUCTOR. 




"VISIT TO .A. FISH FARM. 



T? V B E T If . 




A few miles from Salt Lake City there is a "fish farm" 
where trout, salmon, herrings and other fish are raised, 
the same as any other stock, with a view to profit. On a com- 
paratively small space of ground there are several ponds in 
which are many thousands of fish preparing for the market, to 
stock our rivers, streams and lakes, and eventually to supply 
our community with cheap food. 

The culture of fish has received much attention from the 
proprietor of this interesting nursery fur thefimy tribe. Much 
information was given by that gentleman respecting the habits; 
mode of treatment and the prospective advantages of fish 
when cared for as a family. 

Let our little readers imagine that we have arrived in a 
pleasant valley, in the bottom of which several ponds are seeu. 
Care has been taken to have a supply of meat, which is placed 
on a block to be prepared for the little ones — that is, the little 
fish. We are told that trout are carnivorous, or flesh-eating 
fish; in fact, that sometimes they are actually cannibals, as the 
big ones eat the little ones. This is not" likely to happen 
to-day, for they do it only 'when they are poorly fed" — a 
redeeming feature in the character of the trout — and they are 
evidently well fed in this establishment, as they decline to eat 
when some delicacies are thrown in to them. The fish appear 
to lie exceedingly well bred, and manifest no uneasiness at the 
presence of strangers; they are sleek and comfortable, giving 
one a pleasing idea of the effects of culture on fish. 

There are numerous nooks and corners in which the fish may 
find suitable retirement, "raceways," which we are told are 
for the fish to have access to at the time of spawning, and 
at other times when privacy-is required. There are. however, 
barriers to these places in the shape of wire screens of different 
degrees of fineness, so as to subject both old and young to 
tin' restraints of correct discipline. It appears, however, that 
they sometimes "jump over the barriers." as other beings that 
are subject to discipline are apt to do; so that a second screen 
is placed over the trough, as well as in front of the stream, to 
prevent them from "playing truant." The raceway is. at 
proper seasons, covered over, so as to prevent the. injurious 
effects of too much sunlight. Altogether, it must be quite a 
pleasant thing to be members of the fish family, to be so well 
cared for: especially as they have no notion of the motive that 
Lrivi— rise to so much attention. 

At this point we learn that there are male and female fish. 
How to distinguish between them by appearance, we could not 
learn in one lesson, so that must be passed over. There is 
also a season for the fish to ascend the raceway to find a nest 
to spawn naturally: and. an artificial method of removing the 
spawn by hand. This must indeed be quite an art, and the 
success of the fish-CUiturist must without doubt greatly depend 
on the skillful performance of this operation. Then, again. 

tl l'^s have to lie mixed with the milt of the male, so as to 

"impregnate" or vitalize them. We cannot but admire the 
patience, perseverance and skill evinced by the master hand 
that can attain to excellence in such delicate manipulations! 

Then there is care required in hatching the eggs. The 
house for this purpose is scrupulously clean. Numerous 
troughs an- used, which are systematically arranged. At the 
bottom of them the eggs may be seen supported on clean, 
bright gravel; over the eggs clear, delicious water ripples 
gently. Here and there a dead egg is readily seen and 

niptly removed. Contact of the dead with the living egg 



speedily destoys it. The pearl-white, opaque look betrays the 
secret of death; as the bright, transparent, pink color indicates 
lite in the egg. With a good magnifying glass the fish may 
be •seen in the egg during the period of incubation, which is 
from fifty to seventy-five days. When the young fish emerges 
from the egg it may be seen by the naked eye. The new-born 
fish is about half an inch long, and perfectly transparent; its 
eyes are very prominent and distinctly seen. The young one 
does not separate from the interior part of the egg, to which 
it remains attached by a cord called the umbilical cord, through 
which it receives nourishment, for several weeks, by which 
time it can begin to i r.ivide for itself. As to the time of 
batching, this varies with the temperature of the water; some 
eggs in a pond outside are more developed than those inside 
because the waters are a few degrees warmer. The processes 
of the hatching-house are highly curious, instructive and 
interesting; order, forethought and attention are the prominent 
features of this department. 

As to the methods resorted to by the pisciculturist, as the 
cultivator of fish is called, it is evidently by imitating the 
natural processes that success is attained to by artificial means. 
As to .the "upper ponds," not now visited, we are satisfied they 
are similar to those we have seen; that were there a thousand 
ponds, the same simple: because natural, plans are resorted to. 
There is one tiny pond in which some "land-locked herrings" 
are placed, by way of experiment. They are shy and turbu- 
lent at present, but we feel assured that discipline will 
eventually "break them in." Here we are told of the dangers 
that beset fish from minks and muskrats, as well as other 
outside enemies. We also learn with satisfaction that other 
preparations are to be made for fi-h culture upon a larger scale, 
for which the ample grounds are admirably fitted. In passing 
along, we see the little ones of the nursery fed with curds and 
milk, which when thrown into the water form a cloud, in which 
the fish are enveloped as in a mist. In a minute we see them 
nibbling at the curd with appetites that would do credit to an 
alderman; and, lo! the cloud has van'.-bed — eaten up by a 
thousand small fry that are evidently looking for more. 

What worlds in miniature we have passed in our rambles: 
what studies for the philosopher, the statesman, the poet, the 
naturalist ! But we must not moralize. More fish; rivers, 
streams and lakes full of fish; above all, cheap fish, by reason 
of the abundance of the supply, by artificial breeding, is our 
theme. 



Not All Lost. — A bankrupt merchant returning home one 
night, said to his wife: "My dear, I am ruined; everything we 
have is in the bands of the sheriff!" 

After a few moments of silence the wife looked into his face 
and said: 

"Will the sheriff sell you? 

"Oh no." 

"Will the sheriff sell me?" 

"Oh. no." 

"Will the sheriff' sell the. children?" 

"Oh. no." 

"Then do not say we have lost everything. All that is most 
valuable remains to us — manhood, womanhood, childhood. 
We have lost but the result of our skill and industry. We can 
make another fortune if our hearts and bands are left for us!" 



He who thinks to deceive Cod. deceives himself. 





0" U "^T E 2T 1 1_, IE INSTIoUCTOPu 



221 




THE ZDZE^IF J±2<TID rJTJIMIB 




rriHE remarkable pygmies of -which I propose to tell \ t ou are 
A only about one inch in height, and when young are of a 
blight silver color, growing darker as they enter on the active 
duties of life. They are seldom at rest, being almost constantly 
kept in service by their hard task-masters, to whoai they are 
in bondage; but whenever they are allowed a few moments' 
repose, they sleep all huddled together in little wooden housss 
without doors or windows or roofs. The families are astonish- 
ingly large, being numbered by thousands: and as it would be 
impossible to give every separate member a different name, 
each family is divided into twenty-six tribes, and each tribe is 
given a name and a house. Tin is the more easily done, 
because every pygmy is known by his fac^. The twenty-six 
tribes all have distinct and characteristic features, and it is 
only necessary to see a pygmy's face to tell at once to what 
tribe he belongs, and where his house is. When any of the 
little fellows get into the wrong house, by mistake, they are 
very apt to make trouble on their next appearance, by speaking 
when they ought to be quiet. It never does for a member of 
one tribe to try to take the place and do the office of the 
member of a different tribe. Eace tribe has its own appointed 
duties, and although they mingle with each other freely to 
perform these duties, they are rendered quite unfit for use by 
getting mixed up in their 1 o ises: and when, through any 
mishap, this occurs, it takes a long time to separate and 
distribute them to their different apartments. 

I almost fin-got to say that among the twenty-six tribes there 
were certain pygmies who had larger faces, although bearing 
the same names as their smaller-faced brethren. They differ 
so much from the others that it is necessary for them to live 
in separate houses. These big-faced fellows are the "upper 
ten" of the dwarf family. They are not so numerous as the 
others, and have very little to do in comparison with their 
humbler brethren. Hence they are thought to be proud and 
to hold themselves very high. They do, in fact, live above 
the rest, in what is called the ''upper case,'' but are really a 
capital sot of fellows. 

Although a single family numbers its thousands, that is 
nothing when compared to the number of all the deaf and 
dumb pygmies in the world. Why, in our own country there 
are numerous families in almost every town. And in the great 
city of New York they are almost innumerable. In America, 
England, France. Spain, Russia, and several other countries, 
the faces of the dwarfs are much the same; but there are some 
countries, such as China and Japan, where they are very 
diffen n . 

The deaf and dumb pygmy family originated in Germany 
some four hundred years ago, and from this branch all the 
other families throughout the world sprang. The English 
family is at this moment staring you in the face, and speaking 
to yon, young reader, 'flic members have been taken up out 
of their little wooden houses, one at a time, stood on their 
feet in a row. and made to spell the words you are reading. 
Then they have been tied up with a stout string and placed, 
all together, on a marble slab, where they have been locked 
up in an iron frame, ami taken to a man who covered their 
face- all over with plaster of Paris. Then tin' plaster was 
taken up carefully, and there was a beautiful impression of 
every face. Then this plaster impression was put into a great 
iron box and immersed in hot boiling metal, anil when it came 
ut it was a stereotype plate. 



By this time most of my young readers will have guessed 
who and what these curious pygmies are. They will begin to 
understand that these little fellows are not only deaf and 
dumb, but without animal life of any kind; and yet. the type 
family speaks to millions of persons, every day, in every 
tongue, and in every clime throughout the world ! The 
little pygmies are printing-types. 

But what are stereotype plates? They are simply casts taken, 
as I have said, from the plaster moulds which are made from 
the first "set up" types. When you remember that the pages 
of a magazine are printed from stereotype plates, which could 
not be made until each little type had been taken separately, 
and placed in a particular position, and when you are told that 
there are several hundred thousand types thus placed in posi- 
tion in a single number of a magazine, you will say that the 
deaf and dumb pygmies are a very useful and wonderful 
fnnily. 

After the little types have left the impression of their faces 
in the plaster of Paris, and the stereotype plates are cast and 
finished, they are mounted on wooden blocks, and ''made up." 
as the printers say, into a "form.' with the pages arranged so 
as to come in the right order when they show themselves on 
the white paper. Then the form is "locked up," — that is, a 
large iron frame, called a "chase," is placed around the pages, 
which are then securely wedged in the iron frame. Sometimes 
this is done on the press, and at other times it is done on a 
large stone, and the locked-up form is then lifted and placed 
on the press. 

The next thing to be done is to "make the form ready." 
and a great deal of preparation is often required to secure a 
clear impression from the stereotype plates, especially when 
there are fine engravings inserted in some of the pages. But. 
at length, all the "overlays" and 'underlays" are made, the 
impression is exactly right all over the form; the ink on the 
rollers is neither too thin nor too thick; there is no treacherous 
oil dripping anywhere to spoil the work; and round go the 
wheels, backward and forward moves the iron bed containing 
the form, while the paper goes in fair and white and comes 
out with beautiful pictures and the clear words which the 
pygmies send you. — | St. Nicholas. 



What is Dim?— Old Dr. Cooper, of South Carolina, used 
to say to his students; "Don't be afraid of dirt, young gentle- 
men. What is dirt? Why nothing at all offensive, when 
chemically viewed. Bub a little alkali upon the dirty grease 
spot on your coat, and it undergoes a chemical change and 
becomes soap: now rub it with a little water and it disappears. 
It is neither grease, soap, water nor dirt. That is not a very 
odorous pile of dirt you see yonder; well scatter a little gypsum 
over it and it, is no longer dirty. Everything like dirt is worthy 
of our notice as students of chemistry. Analyze it; it will 
separate into very clean elements. Dirt makes corn, corn 
makes bread and meat, and that makes a very sweet young, 
lady, that i saw One of you kissing last night. So alter all. 
you were kissing dirt, particularly if she whitened her face with 
chalk or fuller's earth; though I may say that rubbingsuch stuff 

upon the beautiful skin of a young lady isa dirty practice. Pearl 
powder I think is made of bismuth, nothing but dirt. Lord 
Palnierston's line definition of dirt is ' matter in the wrong 

place.' Put it ill the right place and we cea-e to think of 
it as dirt." 



II K who waits to doa great deal al o 



nee will never do anything 





222 



JUVENILE IITSTBUCTOB. 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 





SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1S74. 

IBIDITOIR,!^!-, THOUGHTS. 

OD has created the earth and its elements 
for the good and happiness of His children. 
He has made enough for all to have every- 
thing necessary to their comfort. The 
earth, if prtfperly cultivated, would supply 
every want of man, and none would have 
occasion to suffer. Why, then, is there 
suffering at the present time? Why have 
some people more than they can use, while 
ethers are destitute and hungry? It is because, 
as society is now organized, the shrewd, the 
strong, the selfish and the grasping have the 
_ advantage over the weak, the ignorant and the 
Jr\3 unselfish. They work for self, they care for 
self, they accumulate for self, and too frequently at 
the expense of their fellows. The result is the 
blessings of this life are unequally distributed. The 
rich grow richer and the poor become poorer. One 
is rules over another class, and the feeling has grown up 
that they who belong to the ruling class ought to have privi- 
leges superior to the poor. The rich band themselves together 
to keep their riches 'and to resist the encroachments of the 
poor, and there is a'constant conflict between capital and labor, 
capita] representing the rich and labor reprcsentimr the poor. 
If we are all the children of God, and all came from Him, 
why should one portion of the family have all the comfort, the 
wealth and the good things of this life, and another portion 
have misery, want and suffering as their share? If we keep 
the commandments of God and do His will in this life, we 
exoect to enter into His kingdom and receive glory and honor 
there. Do you think there will lie rich and poor there? That 
v.,' shall be divided into classes, and one take advantage of 
another? Certainly not. We would not think it a heaven if 
such wire the condition of affairs there. 

The United Order is the beginning of a system which shall 
make the Saints one in earthly things as they are one in heavenly 
things. When it is fully established there will be neither rich 
nor poor among the Latter-day Saints, for all will be alike, 
and all will have everything necessary to their comfort and 
happiness, so far as it can be produced. Then we can have 
schools at which all our children can be educated. The chil- 
dren will have equal advantages, and not be favored one above 
another. The siek. infirm and the aged will be cared fur. If 
a father and husband should die. leaving a wife, or wives, and 
helpless children, they will not be left to suffer; but if their 
labors should not be sufficient to sustain them, they will be 
helped, and be educated, clothed and fed like the rest of the 
community. After awhile those children will grow to manhood 
and womanhood and become useful members of society, and 
their subsequent labors will repay the Order for the cost of 
helping to rear and educate them. In the United Order the 
individual will not labor for self alone, he will labor for the 
general good. If he has the talent to accumulate, that talent 
will be for the benefit of the whole. In this way we shall 
build each other up. and all prosper together. 



The daily prayer of probobably thousands of people among 
the Saints is. that they may never be permitted to live to apos- 
tatize. They ask God to take their lives rather than that they 
should live and deny the faith. If (rod hears these prayers, 
and without doubt He does, He will not suffer those who offer 
them to become very rich; for a rich man or a rich people are 
apt to become lifted up in pride, to become arrogant and to 
treat lightly the counsel of the priesthood, and lose the Spirit 
of God. We think many men are kept poor in order that 
they may be saved. But if this is the effect of riches upon 
the people, and who that has had experience can doubt it, it 
may be asked how the prophecies concerning the future wealth 
and power of Zion can be fulfilled? Organized as we have 
been, after the fashion of Babylon, with class distinctions and 
wealth belonging to individuals instead of being the property 
of the community, we do not believe these predictions could 
be fulfilled with safety to the people. The increase of wealth 
in the hands of individuals was one of the chief causes of the 
overthrow of the Nephites, as of many other nations. We 
believe it would have the same effect upon the Latter-day 
Saints. Indeed, we have only to look around us to perceive 
that it is having that result already. But if the United Order 
be established, then wealth belongs to all. One class is not 
lifted above another by its possession, and it is used for the 
general good and for the spread of Zion. Thus it is deprived 
of its power to do injury, and its effects are beneficial. 

Without the United Order we do not see how it would be 
possible to bring about the millennium, or thousand years of 
peace; for while each individual is left to scramble for wealth 
to spend upon himself and his household, regardless of the 
wants or progress of his fellow mm. we cannol see how Satan 
could be bound. 



— 5* -.<>• — «■ — 



.A. 1STOYEL ZEa-a-ZHZ^TOIKIEIR,. 



One of the greatest -lions" in Chusan (saysa recent travelei 
is an old Chinaman who every spring hatches thousands of 
clicks' ergs by artificial heat. He received me with Chinese 
politeness, and asked me to sit down, and offered tea and his 
pipe, two things always at hand in a Chinese house, and 
perfectly indispensable. Having civilly declined his offer. I 
a«ked permission to examine his hatching-house, to which 
place he immediately led the way. 

The Chinese cottages, generally, are wretched buildings of 
mud and stone, with damp earthen floors, scarcely fit for cattle 
to sleep on, and remind one of what Scottish cottages were 
some years ago. but which now happily are among the things 
that were. My new friend's cottage was no exception to the 
general rule. Bad-fitting, loose, creaking (lours; paper win- 
dows, dirty and torn; ducks, geese, fowls, dogs and pigs, in the 
house "nd at tiie doors, apparently having equal lights with 
their masters. Then there were children, grandchildren, ami 
for aught I know great-grandchildren, all together, forming a 
most motley group, which, with their shaved heads, long tails, 
and strange costume, would have made a capital subject for 
the pencil of an English artist. 

The hatching house was built at the end of the cottage, and 
was a kind of long shed, with mud walls, and thickly thatched 
with straw. Along the ends and down one side of the build- 
ing are a number of round straw baskets, well plastered 
with mud. to prevent them from taking fire. In the bottom 
of each basket there was a tile placed; or rather the tile forms 
the bottom of each basket. Upon this the fire acts, a small 





JTJVE1TI LE I1TSTRTJCTOR 




fireplace being below each basket. Upon the top of each 
basket there is a straw cover which fits closely and which is 
kept shut while th; process is going on. In the centre of the 
shed are a number of large shelves placed one above another, 
upon which the eggs are laid at a certain stage of tlie process. 
When the eggs are brought they arc put into the baskets, the 
fire is lighted below them, and a uniform heat kept up, ranging, 
as nearly as I could ascertain, by some observations which I 
n a le with the ther- 
mometer, from 95 
to 102 decrees — but 
the Chinamen rcgi - 
late the heat by 
their own feelings, 
and therefore it 
will, of course, vary 
considerably. 

In four or five 
days after the eggs 
have been subjected 
to this temperature, 
they are taken care- 
fully out, one by 
one, to a door, in 
which a number of 
holes have been 
bored nearly the 
size of the eggs; 
they are then held 
against these holes, 
and the Chinamen 
look through them, 
and are able to tell 
whether they are 
good or not If 
good, they are taken 
back, and replaced 
in their former quar- 
ters; ten days after 
this — that is, about 
fourteen days from 
the commencement 
— the eggs are taken 
from the baskets 
and spread out on 
the shelves. Here 
no fire heat is ap- 
plied, but they are 
covered over with 
cotton, and a kind 
ill' blanket, under 
which they remain 
about fourteen days 
more, when the 
young ducks burst 
their shells, and the 
shed teems with life. These shelves are large and capable of 
holding many thousands of eggs; and when the hatching takes 
place the sight is not a little curious. The natives who rear 
the young ducks in the surrounding country know exactly the 
day when they will be ready for removal, and flock in to pur- 
chase them, and in two days after the shell is burst the whole 
of the little creatures are sold and conveyed to theii' new 
irters. 




THE TRAVELERS' TREE 



TPiik name 
L as if it 




e of this tree is Ravinla, or "Leaf of the Forest," 
was the most beautiful leaf and tree of the forest, 
a ! indeed it is wherever it abound*. Mr. Ellis, an Eastern 
traveler, says he frequently counted from twenty to twenty-four 
leaves on a single tree; the stalk of each leaf being six or eight 
feet long, and the broad leaf itself four or six feet more. 

The whole of 
these twenty-four 
bright green, gigar- 
t'e leaves, spread 
out like a fan at the 
top of a trunk thirty 
feet high, presents, 
he says, a spectacle 
as impressive as it 
i- rare and beauti- 
ful. 

This tree con- 
tains, even during 
the driest season, a 
large quantity of 
pure, fresh water, 
supplying to the 
traveler the place 
of wells in the des- 
ert. 

Mr. Ellis and par- 
ty stopped o n e 
morning near a 
clump of trees. 
One of the natives 
stuck a spear four 
or five inches deep 
into the thick, linn 
end of the stalk of 
the leaf, near to 
whoie it jo ned the 
trunk of the tree, 
and on drawing the 
spear back, a stream 
of p u r e w a t e r 
gu?hed out, about a 
quart of which was 
caught in a pitcher, 
and all drank of it 
en the spot. 

Mr. Ellis is right 
in describing the 
appearance of this 
tree as impressive, 
for who could look 
upon this beneficent. 
provision of nature 
for the sustenance 
of man without being impressed with the great goodness of 
an allwife Creator. 



COULD we look into the hearts concealed from us, we should 
often pity where we hate, love where we think we can never 
forgive, and admire where we cur 
indignation. 



r] the lip with scorn and 



THE LIBRARY 
HraPRFT SUNDAY , 



OF THE 

_LiiitOii_fiQAS£L 




50 NORTH MAU STREET 
SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH 




iaa-4 



J" TJ -V IE 2ST I L !E IITSTRUCTOB. 




T HI IE IR, O IM! A UST ARENA. 




The capitals and the large cities of Europe count among the 
number of their most interesting establishments their 
zoological gardens, menageries, where they unite, not without 
great trouble and expense, a few dozen quadrupeds, a small 
collection of birds, of reptile?, and of fishes. The museums of 
Paris. London. Berlin, etc.. are very well satisfied if they con- 
tain three or four lions, as many tigers, a dozen or so of 
'eopards, jaguars and panthers, one or two hippopotami, as 
many elephants, a rhinoceros, a giraffe, and so on. 

But the richest collection of animals in Europe would 
appear pitifully shabby, if we could, with a flourish of -the 
magician's wand, conjure again into existence one of those 
gigantic collections of animals which so often served to enter- 
tain the Koman people during the last years of. the republic, 
and under the emperors. These exhibitions were certainly 
anything but instructive, and one would be far from counseling 
any modern government to attempt an imitation of them. 
Such an attempt, however, would be only an attempt, for the 
forests and deserts have been to such an extent depopulated of 
their savage inhabitants that it would now be impossible to 
collect a sufficient number of large animals to reproduce, even 
on a small scale, one of those prodigious spectacles which were 
the delight of the ancient Roman. 

The first exhibitions of this character given at Rome were 
the hunts {vinationes) — more properly, massacres in a sort of 
tilt-yard. 

The law-makers of Rome were of opinion that it was desira- 
ble to develop among the people a martial spirit, and that this 
end could be attained in no other way so well as by accustoming 
them to the sight of blood; and this was the reason why they, 
in imitation of the Etruscans, began to celebrate the obsequie 8 
of illustrious persons by forcing their prisoners or their slaves 
to kill one another around the funeral-pile. This was the 
origin of the gladiatorial contests, which were inaugurated at 
the death of Junius Brutus, first consul of the republic, in the 
year 264 B. C. 

Later the magistrates, and the candidates for the magistracy 
of the republic, ambitious to achieve popularity, vied with one 
another in their endeavors to vary these bloody spectacles, and 
to increase their magnificence. To this end they built those 
gigantic circuses and amphitheatres, whose ruins still attest 
their ostentatious prodigality. And then they exacted a 
tribute, such as it was, from the four quarters of the earth, in 
order to fittingly amuse the masters of the world. This led to 
the custom of turning wild animals into the arena to make 
them contend against one another or againgst men. 

The first venatw of which the historians make mention took 
place in the year 251 B. C. Metellus had taken from the 
Carthagenians, in Sicily, one hundred and twenty elephants. 
The senate, to show how little these animals were to be feared, 
had them first belabored with cudgels and then killed in the 
circus. This spectacle gave the populace a taste for this kind 
of diversion. The conquests of the republic soon enabled the 
generals and proconsuls to lay Europe. Asia and Africa under 
contribution; and' toward the end of the sixth century after the 
foundation of Rome, troops of animals arrived in Italy from 
every direction— lions, tigers, leopards, panthers, lynxes, 
elephants, giraffes, gazelles, rhinoceroses, hippopotami, croc- 
odiles, bears, bisons, etc. Then, from time to time, on 
extraordinary occasions, the people were treated to ;i grand 
conflict of animals of various species that were turned into the 

ena together. 



At other times the animals were pitted against men called 
beast-fighters — men who followed beast-fighting for a living. 
They were distinct from the gladiators, and had a lower place 
in the social scale. But in time these men abandoned a calling 
which was so dangerous, and it became necessary te supply 
their places with criminals or prisoners of war. Under the 
emperors, substitutes were also taken from among the Chris- 
tians. This was a veritable windfall for the populace, who, 
we are told, delighted in nothing so much as seeing the 
defenseless adherents of the new religion, men and women, 
torn limb from limb by wild beasts. 

Hardly less were the people edified to see the nobles, the 
senators, and even the emperor himself, "the divine" Commo- 
dus, descend into the arena, and engage in a mortal combat 
with the fiercest animals. Commodus, if we can believe the 
historians of those times, was unsurpassed in such exercises. 
Having the figure and vigor of an athlete, he gave to himself 
the surname of Hercules, and was desirous to justify the 
appellation by imitating the feats of the demi-god — that is, by 
exterminating a certain number of beasts of prey, which surely 
were not so dangerous as he was. 

Probus, another of the emperors, conceived the idea of giving 
the people the privilege of taking an active part in the sports 
of the amphitheatre. He caused the arena to be transformed 
into a forest, into which he loosed, the first time, one thousand 
deer, as many wild hogs, and as many ostriches. Then the 
gates were opened, and as many amateurs entered as chose, 
who killed and carried off as much as they pleased. An- 
other day, instead of this comparatively inoffensive game, 
Probus presented the people with one hundred lions, one 
hundred leopards, one hundred panthers, and three hundred 
bears. But this time the festivities had a tragic termination. 
A goodly number of hunters were attacked and torn to pieces 
while several of the animals escaped from the stadium, and 
caused a fearful panic among the spectators which cost the lives 
of several. Finally all the animals were killed; but "the/We 
was/' says an historian, "grand rather than agreeable." 

The consumption of animals at Rome, in providing for the 
amusements of the good people, from the end of the republic 
to the fall of the empire, surpassed the conception of the 
liveliest imagination. Let us try, neveitheless, to get an 
approximate idea. 

In the 567th year of Rome — 186 years B.C. — Marcus Fulvius 
for the first time introduced lions and panthers into the arena — 
the number is not stated. Eighteen years later, the aidiles 
supplied for a popular fete sixty-three leopards and panthers, 
forty bears, and several elephants. Sylla exibited one hundred 
lions. In the year 693 of Rome, Domitius JEnol a bus gave 
an exhibition, which consisted of the killing of one hundred 
bears by negroes. Three years later Scaurus presented the 
people with four hundred and fifty leopards. The first hip- 
popotamus that appeared in the arena, with one hundred 
crocodiles, was a present by this same Scaurus. 

At Pompey's expense, six hundred lions, four hundred and 
ten panthers, and about a score of elephants were slain. 
Caesar, the vanquisher of Pomjiey. in his turn, celebrated his 
triumph by "games," in which four hundred lions, forty 
elephants, and one giraffe — an animal till then unknown to the 
Romans — were killed. Octavius Augustus illustrated his 
glorious reign by a succession of butcheries, in which about 
thirty-five hundred animals were killed ; among them being six 
hundred of the feline species, one rhinoceros, one hippopotamus, 
thirty-six crocodiles, and one serpent, forty cubits — say sixty 
feet — long, probably a python. 





J TT "XT H 23*1 LIE! IITSTBUCTOB 




Germanicus, during the consulate, in the year 7n."> of Home, 
contributed two hundred lions; Caligula, on his return from 
Gaul, three hundred bears and as many panthers; Nero, three 
hundred lions and four hundred bears. Titus inaugurated the 
amphitheatre which bears bis name by a series of fetes, during 
which some five hundred beasts of prey and about lour hundred 
granivorous animals were killed. Trajan on one occasion gave 
a series of /ete, which lasted no less than one hundred and 
twenty-three days, and in which eleven thousand animals of 
different species were sacrificed. Later, one of the a-diles. 
during his term of office, sacrificed, in round numbers, one 
thousand bears, one hundred lions, leopards, and panthers, 
three hundred ostriches, one hundred wild bulls, one hundred 
and fifty wild boars, and a great number of deer and other 
inoffensive animals. 

After Probus these exhibitions became less and less frequent, 
in a measure, doubtless on account of the increased difficulty 
experienced in obtaining the animals. Nevertheless, in the 
beginning of the sixth century of our era, Justinian, Emperor 
of the East, desirous to give 'a fete in imitation of the ancient 
venationes succeeded in collecting at Constantinople one 
hundred and twenty lions, some thirty or forty tigers and 
panthers, and a considerable number of animals less ferocious. 

[/Selected. 



AMSTERDAM. 



Amsterdam, like Venice, is built upon piles, and its streets 
are nearly all accessible by canals — even to the doors of 
many of the dwelling-houses and stores. Like the "'Queen of 
the Adriatic," writes a traveler, it has its three hundred bridges 
(the guide-book says six hundred), but it is no more like "Venice 
"than I to Hercules." Amsterdam is all reality, and of the 
most practical character m its aspect, while Venice is like a 
• midsummer night's dream. ' ' There are sections of the thickly- 
peopled portions of the place that represent the out-door aspect 
of humble life so noticeable in the Italian cities, though the 
individuality of the two races, so to speak, could hardly be 
wider apart in external aspect — one dark as night, the other 
blonde and bright as the sunshine. I never saw such an array 
of rosy cheeks and fresh complexions as the Dutch women 
exhibit in the streets of Amsterdam; they present a very striking 
contrast after traveling in Southern Europe. There, as through- 
out (iermany. the women divide the heavy work with the men; 
they steer the large merchant grafts that navigate the broad 
canals; they row the smaller boats side by side with the husband 
or brother, even using the long propelling poles at the shoulder, 
walking along the gunwales of the heavily-laden crafts. Many 
of the streets of the city would be quite handsome, with due 
allowance for Dutch architecture, were it not for a proclivity 
which the inhabitants evince for painting their houses black 
outside, giving a rather funereal aspect to the long range of 
facades in many quarters. As nearly all merchandise is trans- 
ported by canals, there is a noticeable absence of all sorts of 
vehicles except dog-carts and passenger vans; consequently a 
Venice-like silence pervades the scene. The queer aspect of 
the low c urn ries, as presented in the form of hundreds of wind- 
mills is not wanting even in the very city itself. 



-+~- 




A PHILOSOPHIC mechanic says cheerfulness is the best com- 
modity that can be brought into a shop. In his opinion, a 
man who whistles or sings will do as much work in an hour as 
nimbler will do in a day. 



TESTIS AUSTID THE -WOMAItT 
OF SAMARIA. 



IT was .. burning summer's day. The sun had reached its 
noonday height, and a traveler, wearied with the length and 
heat of his journey, sat to rest upon the low wall of stones 
that surounds the well of Sychar. The shade of the graceful 
date-palms that overhung the water was welcome after the 
fatiguing dust of the highway, but the 'sight of the clear 
wavelets below was yet more so; and unable to reach them 
without, He said to a woman who came to fill her own vessel 
at the fountain, ''Give Me to drink." 

A glance was enough to show her that He was a stranger, 
one of the nation with whom her country people were not wont 
to have any dealings; and instead of fulfilling his request, she 
seems wonderingly to have inquired how it was that, being a 
Jew, He could ask drink of her, a woman of Samaria? How 
little she could have known or gues.-ed that in the person of that- 
despised Jew, she was addressing the Prince of the courts of 

Heaven! 

His answer 
was: "If thou 
k newest the 
gift of God, 
and who is it 
that saith to 
thee, Give me 
to drink, thou 
wi u'dst have 
asked of Him, 
andHewou'd 
have given 
thee liv.i n g 
water. 

Marveling 
yet more, she 
inquired from 
whence He 
could obtain 
that w h i c h 
He promised 
to bestow. 

He had nothing to draw with, and the well was deep. Jesus 
answered and said unto her, '"Whosoever drinketh of this 
water shall thirst again, but whosoever drinketh of the water 
that I shall give him, shall never thirst; but the water that 1 
shall give him, shall be in him a well of water, springing up 
into everlasting life.'' 

She seemed not to understand him yet. She said to him: 
"Sir, give me this water, that 1 thirst not, neither come hither 
to draw." 

Probably she thought that if she had the water of which 
Jesus spoke she would be saved the trouble of going to the well 
for water. But Jesus spake of the Spirit which they that- 
believed on him should receive. 

The Savior told her to call her husband. She replied that 
she had no husband. Jesus approved of this reply, and told 
her that she had had five husbands, and he whom she now had 
was not her husband. His reply convinced her that He was a 
prophet. She went and told the people of the city to come 
and see a man who had told her all things that she ever did. 
The Savior stayed there two days, and many of the Samaritans 
believed His words and testified that He was the Christ, the 
Savior of the world. 




THE LIBRARY OF THE 
- pfreftET-^tJNDAY SCHOOL-UNION BO ARE 




50 NORTH MAIN STREET 
SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH 




226 



JT TJ -V IE HSJ" I L E IlTSTiiaCTOR 




Questions and ^usurers 

oust the 
book oe im: o ir, im: o nsr . 



REI&N OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXI. 

Q. — What did Amnion ask King Lamoni? 

A. — If he would hearken to his words. 

Q. — What was the king's answer? 

A — "I will believe all thy words." 

Q. — What did Lamoni say when Ammon asked him if he 
believed there was a God? 

A. — He said he did not know what the word "God" meant. 

Q. — How did Ammon next put the question? 

A. — He said: "Believest thou tha' there is a Great Spirit?" 

Q. — When Lamoni said he did believe in such a Being, what 
did Ammon tell him? 

A.— That this Great Spirit was God. 

Q. — Did the king say he believed the Great Spirit created all 
tinners in heaven and on the earth? 

A. — He said he believed the Great Spirit created all things on 
the earth, but he did not know what the heavens were. 

Q. — What did Ammon tell him about heaven? 

A. — That it was the place where God dwells. 

Q — Did La.T.oni believe the words of Ammon? 

A. — He did; and asked Ammon if he was sent from God. 

12. — What did Ammon reply? 

A. — He said he was called by the Holy Spirit to teach this 
people. 

y. — When Ammon finished speaking, what did Lamoni do? 

A. — He began to cry to the Lord to have mercy 11)1011 him and 
his people. 

Q. — AYhat happened then? 

A. — He fell to the earth as if he were dead. 

Q. — What did his servants do? 

A. — They took him up and carried him unto, his wife, and laid 
him on a bed. 

Q.— How long did he lay thus? 

A. — Two days and two nights. 

Q.— What did his family do'.' 

A. — They mourned over him, thinking him dead. 

Q. — What happened after the two days and nights had passed? 

A. — They were about to take his body to the sepulchre, and 
bury it 

Q. — What did the queen do? 

A. — She sent for Ammon. 

Q. — Did Ammon obey the command? 

A. — Yes; he came as she desired. 

Q. — What did they wish of Amnion? 

A. — She wanted him to go in unto the king to sec if he was 
dead. 

Q. — How did Ammon feel when she made this request'? 

A. — He was glad, for he knew the king was under the power of 
God. 

Q.— What did he say to the queen? 

A. — "He is ii"t dead, but sleepeth in God. 

Q.— What promise did Amnion make to her? 

A. — That on the morrow the king should rise. 

(.1 — What did Amnion ask the queen? 

A. — If she believed his words. 

Q.— What did she say? 

A. — She said she had no witness that what he said was true; 
but she believed him. 

C^. — What did the queen do after this? 

A. — She watched over the bed of the king until the time when 
Ammon said he should rise. 

Q. — Did the king arise as Ammon had said.' 

A.— Yes; and he glorified God. 



ncstian^ and ^"swer^ 

OUST THE BIBLE. 
HISTORY OF JOSHUA. 



LESSON LXXI. 

Q.- -What did Joshua do after the people of Ai were destroved? 

A. — He built an altar unto the Lord. 

Q. — How was the altar built? 

A. — Of whole stones. 

Q.— What did Joshua write upon the stones of the altar? 

A. — A copy of the law of Moses. 

Q. — What did Joshua do after this? 

A. — He read the law before the congregation of Israel. 

Q — Who heard the law beside the Israelites? 

A —The strangers that were conversant among them. 

Q. — Whom did Joshua make a league of peace with? 

A. — The Gibeonites. 

Q. — How did they obtain the leaeue? 

A— By crr.ft. 

Q.— What did they do to deceive the children of Israel? 

A.— They made it appear that they came from a far country. 

Q. — What did the princes of the congregation do to the 
Gibeonites? 

A. — They took an oath not to slay them. 

IJ. — What did the princes say when the children of Israel mur- 
mured at their lives being spared? 

A. — "We will even let them live. lest wrath be upon us, because 
of the oath which we sware unto them. ' 

Q.— What did Joshua make of the Gibeonites? 

A. — Hewers of wood and drawers of water. 

Q. — How many kings went to war against Gibeon? 

A. -Five. 

1 .—For what reason did they go to war? 

A. — Because it had maue peace with Israel. 

Q. — Who did the men of Gibeon send to for help? 

A. — Joshua. 

(J —What did the Lord say to Joshua'' 

A. — "Fear them not: for I have delivered them into thine 
hand." 

Q. — What happened as the Amorites wire fleeing before Israel? 

A. — The Lord cast great stones from heaven upon them. 

y. — By which was the greater number slain, by the sword or 
with hailstones'' 

A. — By haibtoi.es. 

Q — What did Joshua do in the sight of all Israel.' 

A. — He commanded the sun and the moon to stand still. 

Q.— What was the result'.' 

A. — "The sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people 
had avenged themselves up >n their enemies." 

Q — In what book is this written? 

A. — In the book of Jasher. 

Q. — How long did the sun stand still'.' 

A— About a whole day. 

Q. — Where did the five kings hide? 

A. — In a cave. 

Q — What did Joshua do when told where they were? 

A. — He caused great stones to be rolled upon the mouth of the 
cave, and set men by it to keep them. 

IJ.— Why was this done? 

A. — To give an opportunity to pursue their enemies without 
delay. 

Q. — What was done with those live kings by the captains of the 
people when they returned? 

A. — They "put their feet upon the necks of them." 

Q. — W.iat was then done unto them? 

A. — They were slain and hung upon live trees. 

Q. — How many other kings did Joshua destroy immediately 
after this? 

A. — Seven. 





JTJYEUILE INSTBTJCTOR 



2£7 




THE BOY AGASSIZ 



JiV CHARLES BARNARD. 



S°i 




CHAPTER II — HIS VACATIONS. 
far we have seen how young Louis spent his time before 
he went to school. He watched the birds, made friends 
with the butterflies, and went fishing. Certainly, he must 
have had a very fine time. His life was one long excursion in 
the woods and by the lakes. He spent the whole time out-of- 
doors, and in watching what was going on in the air, on the 
ground, or under the waters. Perhaps you think he must 
have been an idle boy. Not at all. He worked hard, and 
tramped many a mile merely to find and examine something 
new in the way of bugs, birds or fishe". It was a play-day 
time, but he did not play after the fashion of boys generally, 
for he was exceedingly busy learning how each bird built her 
nest, and where certain flowers grew, what insects lived in the 
trees, and which fish hid in the deep pools, or swam through 
the shallows where the reeds grew out of the wat^r and the 
kingfisher sat motionless on the willow tree. 

When he was sent to school at Bienne it did not seem any 
very great hardship. Had he not been studying all his life? 
Not out of hooks, t3 be sure, tut out of a great and splendid 
picture book as big as the whole world. He had read one 
page, and that page only included the country round his home 
on the Lake of Neuchatel; still, it was better than any story 
book, because it was all real and true. 

Bienne is a pleasant town at the northern end of the Lake 
of Bienne and at the foot of the Jura mountains. This lake 
is smaller than the Lake of Neuchatel, and is only a few miles 
to the north of it, so that when Louis went to this place to 
school he did not move very far away from his old home in 
Mottier. What he did at the school is more than we know. 
We can be sure he was not idle, for at the end of the four 
years that he spent there, he was counted one of the best 
scholars in the whole school. 

How could that be? A boy who likes to fish so much seldom 
makes a good scholar. Yes; but you must see that with all 
his love for fishing, boating, and roaming through the woods, 
he was a student. If he had spent days in drifting about in 
his boat it was because he was studying the fishes and t jaching 
himself to observe and to understand quickly what things 
meant when he saw them happen. In learning the names of 
all the birds he had taught himself to rememler things, and in 
catching butterflies he taught his eyes and his fingers how to 
work quickly and surely. Of coarse, such a boy took to books 
easily, and got on twice as fast as a stupid boy who never had 
noticed the difference between the nest of a barn-swallow and 
that of a robin redbreast. 

The school at Bienne had vacations .just as our schools do 
here, and Louis made the most of them. His father had 
moved away from Mottier, and had taken a house at a place 
c died Orbe at the other end of the Lake of Ner.ch itel. Here 
Louis went to spend his vacations. It was away from the 
lake and up a narrow valley between the mountains. The 
Jura Mountains crowd close up to the narrow river that flows 
through the place, and the town is shut in on every side by 
steep hills and rocky cliffs. 

He was as ready as ever to explore the country round about, 
and every day was spent in watching the birds and insects, and 
in examining the flowers. As he grew older he found that the 
birds and plants could not always tell him all he wished to know 
ut themselves, and he began to study the books that had 



been printed about such things. His vacations were for rest and 
play, and instead of that he took up Natural History in all its 
branches, and worked away harder than ever at (hiding out 
everything he could about birds, plants and fishes. 

Fortunately there was a young clergyman in Orbe who liked 
such studies, and Louis made arrangements to study with this 
Bevereud Mr. Fivas. With Mr. Fivasfor a master, Louis took 
u]' botany, and day after day he roamed through the fields 
and over the hills, examining every plant that came in their 
way, learning its name, comparing it with other plants, picking 
it to pieces to see how it was made, and finding out all there 
was to be kn:iwn about it. AYhen it rained and walking was 
bad, Louis went to -Mr. Fivaz's house and together they weut 
through the books on such matters, studying hard from 
morning till night. 

And all this was in vacation time, when Louis was free to 
play with the other boys in the streets of Orbe, or to do nothing 
at all if he felt so inclined. He certainly was not so inclined, 
and during the four years he was at school at Bienne, he spent 
every day of his vacations in hard study with his friend and 
tutor Mr. Fivaz. Not plants alone, for Louis was so much 
interested that he learned very quickly, and he was soon ready 
to take up natural sciences. Geography proved to be wonder- 
fully easy. Had he not seen islands and cape™, continents, 
peninsulas, and the other divii-ions of land and water in 
miniature, all about the lakes? And as for mountains and hill.' • 
had he not seen them all his life? 

Not far from Orbe stands a fine mountian, almost as high as 
Mount Washington in New Hamshire, and known as the Dent 
De Vanlion. No wonder they call it the "Tooth of Vanlion." 
It was like a sharp tusk, pointed and hard, and almost as steep 
as the wall of a house. Were it not that there was a grassy 
slope on one side, the vent iresome Louis could not have 
climbed to the very top, and sat down on the bare, windy summit. 

The great picture-book of the world lay wide open before him. 
and it seemed as if he could read a dozen great pages at once. 
At his feet and far below him ran the winding Valley of the 
Orbe, with the crooked river looking like a linen thread spread 
over the green carpet of the grassy meadows. Behind him 
stool t'.e stony psaks of ih} Jura ste ching mountain beyond 
mountain, far away in Fiance. 

To the southwest, up the Valley of the Joux, he could see 
the little mountain lake of Joux, and towards the southeast he. 
could see the blue waters of the Lake of Geneva. Far away 
t) the east was a more wonderful sight than all, — the Alps, ths 
scow mountains. He never tired of looking at them, and 
learning to call them by name, from the beautiful Jungfrau 
to the north, far around to the glorious Mount Blanc, noblest 
mountain of them all. How the snow-fields glistened in the 
sun! He could trace the great ice rivers — the glaciers — as 
they wound down the rocky valleys. He saw the clouds drift 
over the sharp peaks and a' most fancied he could see the tiny 
puffs of white smoke that showed where the avalanches rushed in 
thundering crash into the echoing valleys. He could not really 
see them, for he was too far away; but he made up his mind he 
would see them some day, and that when he was a man he 
would cross the great ice-rivers and see the real glaciers, with 
their mountains of blue ice and strange heaps of rolling stones. 

Sometimes he stayed en the Dent de Vanlion till thesun went 
down, and then he saw the snow mountains turn to fire in the 
setting sun. First, the white snow began to blush and look 
warm; then the rocks became ruddy; in a few moments the white 
Jungfrau was like a cherry, and Mount Blanc became as a rose 
whoso heart was on fire. How the mountains blushed and 



Si 





£38 



J~ TT ^T IE UST I !_, IE IUSTRTJCTOB 




glowed and bloomed into splendid color! This was the alpen 
glow. — the evening dress-parade of the snow peaks. Then the 
color faded as the sun went down, and the mountains stood out 
blue and cold against the purple sky. where the yellow moon 
rose above the sharp peaks in such splendor. 

Truly the world was a great and notable picture-book, and 
when he became a man he meant to study it and learn to read 
every one of its rocky pages. 



MEMORY I IN" .A. HORSE, 



MANY years ago. Mr Abram Dodge, ot the town of Ipswich, 
Mass.. owned a beautiful horse, which was the pet of 
the family. He was admired by all who knew his playfulness 
and good qualities. In the summer it was Mr Dodge's habit 
occasionally to have a frolic with his horse in the barnyard, 
then let him out alone, and he would go to the river, which 
was about one-third of a mile distant, where he would bathe, 
then go to a common and roll on the grass, then with the free- 
dom of air start for his home. His stable was renovated for 
1 i n whi'e hi was gone and his breakfast put in the crib. IP 
h.3 met his master he would show ?onie coltish pri nks. bound 
for the stable, and pull out the wooden pin that fastened 
the dour with his teeth, anl rash to the manger where he 
expected to find his food, t )ne night the horse was stolen from 
the stable. After the expiration of sixteen years Mr. Dodge 
was a L the tavern, when a man drove up to th ! door. Mr. 
Dodge at once recognized his horse, and told the driver his 
reason for believing it to be his. The man told of whom he 
l| I ought the horse, and it was finally agreed that if the hoiS3 
vi ml ! "ii being taken to his old stable, go through the acts of 
bathing, rolling on the grass and pulling the pin from the stable 
door as above described, Mr. Dodge should have him. When 
the horse was lot out into his old yard, he reviewed the premises 
for a moment, then started for his bath tub, then for his green 
towel mi the common, then to his old stable, pulled the wooden 
pin, won for himself a good meal, and his old master his favor- 
it" horse. These facts are vouched for by reliable old residents 
of the beautiful, picturesque old town, and show conclusively 
tic' long memory of our noblest animal. 



IDE^IISTICIIsrG- VIlTEGAaR. 




A father makes the following statement to '' •"•I'vlvania 
paper: .My daughter at the age of I '.I. last December, 
wt i rhed I nil pounds. Since then I have noticed a gradual falling 
nil: she has become thin. pale, and comparatively emaciated; 
her customary healthy appeal ance has entirely di";> f 'Oarod, and 
a3tonishing to relate, she now only weighs 115 p,.in<is, having 
lost 45 ponnds in the short space of six months, and during the 
e itire time my wife and myself have not known our daughter 
fii be ill a single day. We were at a loss to account for the 
most singular change, and after fully discussing the matter we 
determined to solve the mystery. ( Mir daughterat first evaded 
.'i correct answer, but she finally divulged her secret. She says 
that mi the first day of January she determined, if possible, 
t i reduce her weight. She was tnld by a fortune-teller to 
drink strung vinegar in limited doses defore her meals three 
times a. day. This she foolishly did. and continued on for 
months. 

Now she is completely broken down in health — dyspeptic. 
nervous, lethargic, and generally despondent. Her color is 
one, her eyes dull, and all ambition seems to have departed. 



She says there are other girls of her acquaintance that are 
practicing the same thing but with what ruinous results I have 
not as yet been able to learn. I enclose you the names of 
several young ladies and two maried women who. T am told. 
can be placed in the same category as our daughter. 



j§> elected i30e.tr 31 * 



THE TjnSTPIlTISIIBD 
IFZEx^A-YIEIR,. 



"Now I lay"— repeat it darling — 
"Lay me," lisped the tiny lips 

Of my daughter, kneeling, bending 
O'er her folded linger tips. 

"Down to sleep" — "to sleep," she murmured, 
And the curly head bent low: 
"1 pray the Lord," I gently added— 
"You can say it all, I knew.' 

"Pray the Lord"— the sound came faintly, 

Fainter still— "my s ul'to leep:" 
Then the tired head fairly nodded. 

And the child was fast asleep. 

But the dewy eyes half opened, 
When 1 clamed her to my breast, 

And the dear voice softly whispered: 
"Mamma, God knows all the rest." 



"WHO IS IT? 

Surely a step on the carpet I hear, 
Some quiet mouse that is creeping so near. 
Two little feet mount the rung of my chair: 
True, as I live there is somebody there! 
Ten lily fingers are over my eyes, 
Trying to take me by sudden surprise; 
Then a voice, calling in merriest glee. 
"Who is h" Tell me, and you may go free. 

"Who is it? Leave me a moment to guess. 
Some one who loves me':'' The voice an«wei 

"Yes." 
"Sonie eiic wlie'-: fairer to me than the Howe 
Brighter to me than the sunshiny hours'.' 
Darling, whose white little hands made me 

blind 
I'nto all things that are dark and unkind : 
Sunshine and blossoms, and diamond and pe 
Papa's own dear little, sweet little girl." 



JTJ-VEIIILIE] I1TSTRTJOTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR Sl PUSLI3HFR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - - $2 00. 

.^®~Offiee, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor. Juvenile Instructor." 




