>^^^8>$<>$<888888888^^ 





^ 







WITH 




\m. 




TIIEl 





(PUBLISHED SEMI-MONTHLY,) %^ 




DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. 



^^^ 



George Q. Cannon, Editor. 



^^^ 




^)'^^^^^f^ 



"^'^^^^^^^fe 



»c^ 



CONTENTS: 



Vol lit. 



Heathen AVornhlp. (Ill.istriiled.) by E.l". P. 

SJIsdlonary Exprrleiice, by li. H. Roberts. 

Watclllltj; for Help. 

Palestine, or Jllilea, by ,T. II. W. 

Kasy Science LeMsoiit*, by Surmy. 

On Picket Outy. 

Rei>ort of Deteret S. S. Union, 

Killtoi-lal 'riiDiit;l>tH. 

Urlnk Did It. ;illustmlod.) 




Tllou$;ht8 on Death, by W. .1. 
Lessono for the Ijltlle Ones. 
Travels in Iniiln, by WilHuui Foliicriii{;h;ini. 
Topics of the Times, by The Editor. 
Earl h'8 Creatures, by Uncle Zepb. 
Varieties. 

Paradise: An Eastern I<es«n<I. 
Little Coniradea, Let ns Wander, Worth and 
Music by lol-werlh. 




Published by George Q. Cannon, 
at sa^t lake city. u. t. 

Office, South Temple St., letween First and Second West Sts, 







m PUBLICIITIS OF THE JOOILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE. 




SHOWING THE 

-i^"bsi:LTd.ities of IrLfid.elit37- 

AND THE 

HAEMONY OF THE GOSPEL WITH SCIENCE AND HISTORY. 

BY J. H. WARD, 

Author of "The H and of Providence." 



This book contains a great deal of useful inforiDation, and is illustrated with numerous ensravings; and the object for which 
it was written — to show the lollies of skepticism and to warn the youth of its dangers — is sufficient to recommend it to every 
household. 



A Synopsis of the Rise of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, from the Birth of the 
Prophet Joseph Smith to the Arrival on the Spot which the Prophet Brigham Young pronounced to 
be the Site of the Future Salt Lake City. By PL\.nxau Tapfiki.d King. 



Price, in Cloth Binding, 50 Cents; Paper Cover, 25 Cents. 



THE HAND-EOOK OF REFEREKCE 
To the History, Chronology, Religion and Country of the 
LATTER-DAY SAINTS. 

Ever}'one who can read should possess a cony for stuily and reference. It is a most valuable addition 

to the Churcli Publications. 



:E=ieic:E], :E=osTi='uf^i3D, 50 ceii^tts. 



The Musical PortlblLo of any Clioii' Among the Saints is Not Complete 

without at least Several Copies of 





This Excellent Book contains the Beautiful Hymns and Anthems sung at our last Semi- 
Annual Conference, and which are pronounced by competent judges to be the Best Collection 
of the kind Ever Published. 

ONLY 30 CHNTS PHR COPY. 



ORSON PRATT'S \^^ORKS 

The Excellent Writings of this righteous man and remarkable Apostle are 
again placed within the reach of all A Neat Volume of 314 pages for 
75 Cents- 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 15, 1884. 



NO. 12. 



HEATHEN WORSHIP. 




'T'HEIIE seems to be a natural inclination possessed by 
■*■ nearly every race of human beings to reverence or wor- 
ship something. The idea that there is a Creator and a 
supreme Ruler of the universe to whom reverence is due, is 
probably implanted within the hearts of all mankind. And 
while some men claim to be skeptical in regard to the exis- 
tence of a Cri ator, their disbelief is only the result of their 
training or their endeavors to force from their minds the inclin- 
ation to exercise faith in the 
Supreme Being. Or it may 
possibly be the case with some 
that they are so ignorant they 
cannot discern of what a belief 
consists. 

But the great majority of 
the human family are entirely 
ignorant of the character of 
our Heavenly Father. They 
are therefore at a loss to know 
how to worship Him accept- 
ably, hence they resort to vari- 
ous modes, according to the 
vague ideas they have of what 
is pleasing to Him. The rea- 
son men differ so widely in 
their religious beliefs is be- 
cause they lack the inspiration 
of the Holy Spirit, which, if 
pos.sessed, would influence 
them all to worship in the 
same manner. It is true the 
Spirit of God enlightencth 
every man that is born into 
the world, but not to the extent tnat he i.-i euableU to serve the 
Lord acceptably. 

Most of the uncivilized nations, and some that are civilized, 
are called idolaters, because it is claimed they worship figures 
made of wood, stone or other materials, or perhaps living ani- 
mals. But it has been discovered that in mo.'-t, and probably 
in all, instances these images or idols are set up, not to be 
worshiped, but to remind the people of Him whom they are. 



in their ignorance, trying to serve, and whom they believe to 
be the Creator of the universe. 

The majority of civilized nations are known as Christians, 
or believers in Christ. They all claim to worship the Lord in 
a manner that He approves of, although their conceptions of 
religious worship are as various and as inconsistent as are the 
views entertained by the heathens. One example is sufficient 
to prove this. Many Christian denominations pretend to 

believe in a god who is a being 
without body, parts or pas- 
ions. To say that they real- 
ly do believe in such a being 
is as much as to say they do 
not possess sound judgment; 
for it is impossible for one who 
exercises his reasoning facul- 
les to believe in the existence 
>f something which he pos- 
tively knows cannot exist. 
Such a belief is equally absurd 
as It would be to imagine that 
a 'substance could be changed 
to nothing, or annihilated. 

But let us glance at the ac- 
companying engraving and see 
what it represents. We here 
^ee a number of persons bow- 
ing in humble reverence to an 
ilcphant. A peculiarity of 
the Siamese is the respect 
they show to the white, or al- 
bino, elephant. It is not wor- 
shiped as a deity, but is held 
I in high esteem on account of a belief which the Siamese 
Buddhists entertain that the spirit of some person who, at 
some future time, is destined to become a god is incarnate, or 
clothed with flesh, in the white elephant. They also venerate 
other albino animals, such as white monkeys, etc. The regard 
with which all animals are treated by Buddhists is on account 
of their faith in the transmigration of souls, that is, when a 
person dies his soul takes the form of some other kind of ani 





17S 



a-TJ"V'El^ILE! IIsriSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



mal; hence, they treat all animals with kindness, with the 
hope that they will receive similar treatment in return when 
they are transformed into monkeys, horses, dogs or whatever 
the case might be. 

The one who captures a white elephant in Siam is very for- 
tunate. He and all his posterity are, from thenceforth, 
exempt from all taxation and liability to military service. As 
soon as the news is received of one of these creatures being 
caught, preparations are made to have it taken to the royal 
palace. A noble of high rank, or the king himself, goes to 
meet the elephant, accompanied with music, and the animal is 
brought triumphantly to the capital. He is then carefully 
tended during the rest of his life. A crown is placed upon 
his head, and his tusks are ornamented with precious rings. 
Even the king considers it an honor if the sacred animal will 
eat from his hand. 

When the white elephant dies it is buried with royal hon- 
ors, and the hairs from its tail are preserved as relics of the 
sacred animal. 

The white elephant, in reality, is not white, although one 
would suppose it to be from the name it bear.?. Its color is a 
kind of pale brick-dust red. 

E. F. P. 



MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE. 

FRUITS OF DISOBEDIENCE. 



BY B. H. ROBERT.S. 



^1^ 



'"T^HOI'GH He were a Son, yet learned lie obedience hy 

-^ the things which He suffered." {Tleb. v, 8.) 

It is always interesting to read how the Lord directed His 
servants in their labors of preaching the gospel in ancient 
times ; and how the Spirit would frequently direct them con- 
trary to their own natural inclinations. 

Paul and Timothy, having passed through Phrygia and 
Galatia, "were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the 
word in Asia. After they were come to Mysia, they assayed 
to go into Bithynia : but the Spirit suffered them not 

"And they pa.-sing by Mysia came down to Troas. 

"And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; there stood 
a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, .saying, Come over into 
Macedonia, and help us." (Ads xvi chapter.) 

I'>y this the brethren knew that they were called of God to 
preach the go-pel in Macedonia. Their work in that land 
resulted in the conversion of many faithful souls. Churches 
were founded in Philippi, at The.s.salonica ; and from there 
the work spread to Athens. 

The Christian world today are teaching that these special 
manifestations of the power of God have ceased ; and that 
the Lord no longer guides His servant.s in the way He did Paul 
and Timothy, as related in the foregoing. 

God, however, in these la.st Jay.s, has restored that same 
gospel to the earth which Paul and the rest of the apostles 
preached ; and with it has come that same power, which 
directs the servants of God in tlieir labors. 

The hi-tory of the Elders of the Church of Je.sus Christ of 
Latter day Saints, is replete with instances akin to those we 
have related of Paul. The fuilowing is the experience of the 
writer : 

Having labored .sometime in Franklin county, Iowa, with- 
out apparently doing any good, and opportunities for preach- 



ing growing less, I concluded to go elsewheie; and find a 
people who were more willing to hear and obey the gospel. 

I made inquiries about the surrounding neighborhoods and 
counties, and finally decided to go to Mason City, in Cerro 
Gordo county, and try to make an opening there. 

The day before starting I met a number of people who had 
befriended me, and learning that I had decided to leave 
their vicinity, some gave me a dollar, others half a dollar, 
until I had enough to bear my expenses to Mason City on the 
cars, and then have some left. 

All this I regarded as a good omen, thinking the Lord was 
opening my way to accomplish my journey to Mason City. 

The morning I was to start on my journey, I awoke very 
early— just as the day was dawning ; but feeling rather drowsy, 
stretched out for another nap before rising. In order to rest 
better I changed my posture — and in doing so, I saw a per- 
sonage standing by my bedside. He was of medium size, of 
a light complexion, and of a very pleasing countenance. 
Slowly and gracefully raising his hand he pointed to the east- 
ward and said : "You go to Iiockford." He di.sappeared on 
the moment of making this remark. 

I quickly arose and walked out into the fields, all the while 
pondering over what I had seen and heard. I knew of no 
such place as Rockford, never had heard of it before, and my 
mind was perplexed. Had I not made up my mind to go to 
Mason City ? Had I not told the whole neighborhood I was 
going there? To change my mind now would they not regard 
me as fickle-minded. Besides I did not like giving up my 
own arrangements. 

Returning from my walk, I found the family ready to sit 
down to breakfast. I inquired of them if they knew of such 
a town as Rockford ; but they had never heard of such a 
place. Just then a young man, whom Mr. Stade had 
employed a few days before, came in. He was a stranger in 
the neighborhood, having lately come from the eastern part 
of the State. I asked him if he knew of such a place as 
Rockford ; he said he did, and that it was a flourishing little 
town north-east of us. 

I said no more about it to them, and decided at last to carry 
out my own plans at all hazards. 

Arriving at Mason City a little before sun-set, I put up at 
the St. Charles hotel, and at once began making inquiries 
about a hall in which to speak ; past experience had taught 
me that it was useless to ask for churches. 

The only suitable place for delivering lectures was the 
Masonic Hall. Finding the gentleman who had it in charge 
1 inquired as to the terms upon which it could bo obtained, 
and was informed they usually charged ten dollars per night, 
but as I was delivering free lectures, they would let me have 
it for half that. 

I explained to him that I was traveling without purse or 
scrip, and received no remuneration for my services in the way 
of salary, but was traveling as the servants of (irod did 
anciently. This being the case, he said I could have the hall free 
for one night, if I could obtain the .sanction of another gi n- 
tleman he named, and who was associated with him in the man- 
agement of the hall. Unfortunately this other gentleuian had 

left town for a few days, and Mr. did not wish to take 

the responsibility upon him.self of letting me have the hal| 
free. 

The next day I made application for nearly every school-house 
in town, but it was of no use, and at night I found I had only 
money enough to pay for a bed, and therefore missed my 
supper. 




J"U"VEinsriIl,E IlSrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



179 




The next morning I paid for my lodging, and without breaic- 
fast, started out into the country. I walijed on till about 
noon ; then finding myself in a fine section of country, and a 
school-house in sight, I inquired who had it in charge ; and 

was told that Mr. B was the director. Calling at Mr. 

B -'s residence I found himself and a great number of his 

workmen at dinner. 

After having finished their repast, I introduced myself and 

business to Mr. B by handing my Elder's certificate which 

I had received from the First Presidency. He read it in silence 
and as he handed it back to me said : "So you are a Mormon 
preacher, are you?" 

"Yes, sir," I replied. 

"Well, then, the sooner you leave my house the better 
you will suit me." 

By this time he was pale with excitement and in a furious 
rage. I quietly asked him why he treated me in this manner. 
Said he, "It makes no difference to you why I do it, I tell you 
to leave — if you had been a minister of any other doctrine under 
heaven, I would have asked you to have dinner, but I want 
you to go, and I have no explanation to give you." 

"Very well, sir, I will leave as you request. I came here 
to you with the gospel of Jesus Christ, but you drive me from 
your house without a cause ; good day, sir." It is needless 
to add that I was cast down in my feelings. 

I walked on all afternoon, weary and faint, without making 
any attempt to get a place in which to hold meetings, or to 
call on any one by the way side to tell them of the important 
message I had to deliver. 

An hour before .sun-set I stopped at a house, telling the 
good people living in it that I was a servant of God in want 
of refreshments, and they kindly provided a lunch for me. 
Being restless in my spirit, I journeyed on. At dusk I arrived 
at the little village of Rockfalls ; made some inquiries about 
the school-house in which I desired to speak, but was informed 

that Mr. was the director, and that he lived some three 

miles out of the village. Several attempts to get lodgings for 
the night resulted in failures ; and at last I resolved to go to 
see the school-director, thinking perhaps I could get lodgings 
with him, and also arrange to hold some meetings in the 
school-house. 

When I arrived at his place it was nine o'clock at night. 
He denied me the use of the school-house, and also refused to 
give me lodgings ; saying, that perhaps his brother, who lived 
about half a mile further on, would accommodate me. I 
called at his brother's place, telling him who I was and 
explaining my business to him. He cooly informed me that a 
few miles distant, I would find a village and a hotel; where, 
for the money, I could find both supper and bed. He didn't 
wish to keep me. As I wandered out over the prairie, I con- 
cluded that I would be obliged to make the grass my couch 
for the night. Selecting a place, and making a pillow of my 
valise, I sought comfort in 

"The death of each day's life; sore labor's bath ; 
Balm of hurt minds — sleep." 

But all in vain. No .'■ooner would the bewitching goddess 
woo me into a delightful .state of semi-unconsciousness than 
the festive mosquito with his unwelcome singing, and shortly 
afterwards by his more painful pumping at my life's current, 
would arou.se me from my slumbnr ; and these things, together 
with the heavy dew that was falling and my aching limbs, 
made me realize that I was still in this "breathing world" 
of woe. 




All night long I kept up my unequal warfare with the mos- 
quitos and other insects — rolling and tossing about the whole 
night through. At last the morning came. The mosquitos 
became less ravenous, or I became less sensitive of their 
attacks, and dropped off into a feverish sleep. When I awoke 
the sun was at least an hour high, but still the fog-mists hung 
about the stream near which I had spent the night. I was 
wet through and as I arose to a sitting posture, exclaimed : 
"Well, this is a pretty hard way to serve the Lord ! " The 
words had scarcely died on my lips, when a voice softly said, 
"You were told to go to Rockford." I leaped to my feet, 
looked around me — I was alone for aught I could see, but 
that sentence uttered so calmly, was ringing in my ears and 
seemed to burn in my mind. Raising my voice almost to a 
shout, I said, "So I was; and to Rockford I'll go! " Those 
few words revealed to me the whole reason of my treatment 
for the last two days — the Lord was not preparing the way 
before me as He had hitherto done, and the difference was very 
perceptible — I was in the wrong way. 

After bathing my face in the river, I started to retrace my 
steps. My limbs were stiff at first, but walk became easier as 
I warmed up to the work. About ten o'clock I reached the 
home of my friend who had so kindly given me food the day 
before, and again he administered to me. In the evening I 
reached Mason City. 

My mail had been forwarded to this place, and fortunately 
I received a letter from a friend who had sent me two dollars 
to assist me in my labors. This enabled me to take the cars 
within a few miles of West Fork — the point from which I 
started to Mason City. From whence I turned my face in 
the direction of Rockford ; where, in a few days, I 
arrived. 

This experience to me was very severe, as the darkness of 
my mind and the despondency of spirit were more fruitful 
fountains of grief than what ever of physical inconvenience I 
had to endure ; but if the Son of God, as quoted at the head 
of this article, had to ^^Learn ohedience by the things which 
He suffered,'" it is not surprising that we, who are so much 
weaker than He, have to leain in the same manner. 



WATCHING FOR HELP. 



WERE you ever nearly drowned? Ah, yes! I daresay 
that way — in a river or in the sea. But were you ever 
nearly drowned by the very ground under your feet turning into 
a sea all in a moment? Well, / have; and I shan't forget it in 
a hurry. 

This was how it happened: I was in Demerara a good 
many years ago, and had pretty nearly run through my money, 
and didn't know what to turn to nest, when I fell in with an 
old Portugese chap, very well to do, who took a fancy to me, 
and offered to take me up the country with him as a vaqnero, 
that's to say, a fellow who has charge of cattle. This just 
suited me; for the pay was pretty good, and the work came 
quite natural to mo after being a stockman in Australia ; and 
I was glad enough to have a mouthful of fresh prairie air, 
after all the heat and bad smells of this nasty hole, where I 
expected every minute to be down with Yellow Jack (the 
yellow fever). So I .said, Done! and away we went. 

Our station (?».// station at least, for the old fellow owned 
more than a dozen altogether) was out on a great flat plain 





180 



O-U-VEn^ILE i:XTSTi?.TJOTOI?.. 




abut midway across the Llanos, as they call the prairies 
between the Amazon and the Orinoco. My chum was an old 
Spanish Caucho from La Plata ; and a queer little hut we had 
to live in as ever you saw. It was just a row of poles with 
basket-work between them, smeared all over with mud mixed 
with grass, and a lot of reeds and palm-leaves for a thatch. 
We had a charcoal brazier by way of a fire, and two or three 
pans and earthen ollas (bowls) to do our cooking in, and a 
little lamp filled with beef fat to light us at night, and two 
horse-rugs to lie on ; and there we were. And my mate was 
iust as queer as the house ; a long, lean, black-looking fellow, 
like a half-burned stick, with great black eyes, and a mous- 
tache that he could almost tie behind him. He was terribly 
superstitious (I've .seen him go a mile out of his way to avoid 
a raven that was sitting croaking on a bush), and he had a 
little picture of his patron saint stuck up in the corner where 
he slept, and never turned in without crossing himself to it a 
dozen times at least. But, for all that he was tough as whip- 
cord, and took his share of the work like a man : and, take 
him altogether, he wasn't half a bad fellow. 

We had a pretty quiet life of it, as you may think. Some- 
times, when we drove the cattle from pasture to pasture, we'd 
meet some of the other vaqueros, and have a jollification, and 
spin yarns, and sing, and be as jolly as could be: but (hat was 
only now and then ; and very often, for weeks together, we 
didn't see a living soul. 

I'd been there about a year and a half, when there came on 
.such a heat and drought that all we'd had before was nothing 
to it. The grass i-hriveled up like tinder, and the poor beasts 
lay about in it, with their tongues lolling out, panting as if 
they were choked. Old Jose and I were at our wits' end, and 
all the more because we were mortally afraid of a prairie fire, 
and dursn't even light our pipes for fear of a spark catching 
the dry grass. I think that month was about the ugliest bit 
I ever had. There was a rocky bluff not far from our hut, 
with a kind of platform on the top of it, mounted on posts, 
and with a notched log against it lor a kind of stair; but who 
put it there, and what it was for, I never knew. On that 
platform I used to sit, hour after hour, straining my eyes for 
the least sign of a cloud ; but no, not a bit of it ; everywhere 
the same bright, sunny, glorious sky, while, down below, 
cattle were dying and pastures scorching to tinder, just as if 
it was mocking our misery. 

At last I pot fairly worn out with it ; and one day, as we 
were riding home after going over the whole run, finding the 
poor boasts lying dead in scores, and the znpilo'.es (vultures) 
fliqiping down upon them before they were cold, I slaps m> 
fist on my knee, and says : 

''Oh! if I could only bring water from anywhere, I wouldn't 
care if I brought enough to drown us all !" 

Old Jose looked up at me with his great, hollow eyes, and 
then said, very .solemnly, "Don't talk like that, my friend, 
or who knows but you may be taken at your word !" 

Ills look, and the way he said it, sent a sort of chill all over 
me; and that night we were both very silent. I noticed that, 
before turning in, he kept on praying and crossing himself 
twice as long a.s he generally did ; and I went to bed feeling 
very uncomfortable, though I couldn't have told why. 

Then I began to dream that there was a great battle going 
on somewhere, and all the air was filled with the roar of the 
cannonade. Then the ground .shook, and a great mass of 
cavalry came charging rikht up to where I lay. I tried to 
start up and run from it, but 1 seemed pinned to the ground ; 



and the rush came upon me and passed over me — and then I 
started and awoke. 

I awoke not a moment too soon. The noise was real, but 
it was a diflFerent kind of danger. Far as my eye could reach, 
the whole plain was one sheet of water, foaming, leaping, 
ru.shing like a mill-race ; and the sky was black as ink but for 
a flash of lightning now and then, and the rain pouring like 
a waterfall, and the thunder rolling as if it would split the 
very sky. The Orinoco floods were out, and 1 icas "taken at 
my word" with a vengeance! 

There was no time to think of it. We clutched our blankets 
and provision-bags, and rushed to the horses. You may be 
sure we weren't long mounting, but by the time we got out 
our beasts we were knee-deep and more. Of course our only 
chance was to make for the bluff; but, upon my word, I 
thought we should never get there, for the swirl of the cur- 
rent was like nothing I ever felt. We were hardly out of the 
hut when I saw it go like a house of cards ; and though it was 
barely three hundred yards to the bluff, our horses were swim- 
ming more than once before we reached it. Just at the foot 
of the slope Jose's horse stumbled and fell, crushing the poor 
old chap under him. 1 jumped down and pulled him out; 
but he was hurt so that he couldn't walk, and I had to carry 
him to the top (and a tough job it was, too, with the slippery 
ground and pelting storm), while the horses clambered up 
after us. 

I set down poor old Jo.se under the platform, and then 
made shift, with the blankets and a few dry branches, to rig 
up a sort of tent to keep the rain off him a bit. Then I set 
my hack against one of the posts, and waited for the dawn. 

Jose's horse (who was rather the worse of the fall too) lay 
down close by, and mine came and stood over him, and rubbed 
his nose against the other one's neck, as if he were trying to 
cheer him up. 

I thought that night would never end ; but day came at 
last, and a pretty sight we saw when it did ! All below us 
was one great sea of dull grey water, and here we were, shut 
up on this little island, dripping wet, and with nest to no 
food, to wail till the flood came down, or somebody came to 
help us. However, the rain left off by-and-by, and the sun 
came out and warmed us, and I took a mouthful of food and 
felt a bit better. But poor old Jose was past that. He sank 
lower and lower, do what 1 would — couldn't eat, or stand up, 
or anything. The second night he got wrong in the head, 
and began talking a lot of stuff about Indians, and prairie 
fires, and what not; on the third evening, just as the sun was 
going down, he died as quietly as a child. And there I was, 
left all alone on this island, with the flood all around me, a 
dead mail to keep me company, and not a morsel of food 
left ! 

At first 1 thought of killing the horses; for although they'd 
got thin enough, there was enough on them to keep me a 
good bit ; but I remembered how they had saved our lives, 
and I thought I'd give them one more chance for their own. 
So then I set about burying my old chum. The ground was 
i-ofler about half the way down the hill, and there, with my 
knife and a bit of sharp stick, I managed to dig a grave; and 
I put him in and pressed down the earth upon him, and then 
sat down by the grave, feeling .so lonely and downhearted that 
I wished somebody would do as much for m^'. 

But that went off after a bit, and I climbed the hill again, 
and got up on the platform, and si.t watching. I think, if I 
ever prayed in my life I did then ; and it seemed to comfort 
me a bit, though no help came. I .slept under the tent that 



IK 



^ 




a"TJ"VE3^ILEl I±TSTI^,TJOTOI^. 



181 



uigbt, and next morning, the first thing, I went up on the 
platform again, and stuck there all day. 

It was wearing towards evening, and I was just thinking 
that I must kill one of the horses, when all at once, far away 
to the north, I spied something floating, that looked like a 
boat. And it ivas a boat, sure enough, though I could hardly 
believe it, for I was rather far gone by this time; and when I 
saw the men stand up and wave their caps to me, I came very 
near tumbling off the platform altogether. However, when 
they got close underneath, I managed to scramble down to 
them; and they told me that the next gang to us had escaped 
to the higher grounds just before the flood began, but that, 
seeing nothing of us, they got frightened and gave the 
alarm ; and so the rescue was sent, none too soon. 

I left the country soon after, and I haven't been there 
since; but as I said just now, I haven't forgotten that job yet, 
and what's more, I don't think I ever shall. — Selected. 



PALESTINE OR JUDEA. 



15Y J. H. W. 




ABOUT ten thousand miles distant from the central portion 
of America, and situated nearly in the center of the 
eastern continent lies a very peculiar country. At various times 
it has received different names, such as "Caanan," "The 
Land of Promise," "Judea," "The Holy Land," etc., but at 
the present time it is commonly called "Palestine." Its extent 
is about three hundred and sixty miles from north to south, 
and one hundred from east to west. Bounded on the north by 
the ridge, or divide, which separates the waters of the Euphrates 
from those of the Pharpar and Jordan, on theeastby the western 
limits of the Arabian desert, on the south by the rocky hills of 
Arabia Petrea, and on the west by the Mediterranean sea, 
this region possesses a great diversity of climate, soil and 
landscape. Perhaps there is no district on the face of the 
globe containing so many and such sudden tran.sitions, being at 
once a land of qiountains, plains and valleys. 

At the extreme north commences two parallel ranges of lime- 
stone mountains extending through the country in nearly a 
southern direction. The western range is the highest and 
most regular and is known in the scriptures as Mount Lebanon. 
Some of its peaks rise to the bight of thirteen thousand feet 
above the level of the sea, and are crowned with snow nearly 
or quite the whole year. Froni the summit of this range, to 
the shore of the Mediterranean sea is a distance of about 
thirty miles, and down this slope flow many baautiful streams, 
amoDg which is the river Orontes. It was near the spot where 
this stream empties into the sea that the city of Tyre was 
situated, whase king, Hiram, aided Solomon in the construc- 
tion of the great Temple. And it was from the beautiful trees 
that grew on Mount Lebanon that Solomon selected the timber to 
support the roof and to adorn that beautiful building. The 
eastern range is not so high, but more irregular. Its most 
noted peak is Mount Hermon, ten thousand feet high. In 
modern times this range has received the name of Anti- 
Lebanon; but anciently it had many names according to the 
name of the country, or the tribe that inhabited the district. 
Hence we often meet in s-cripture with such names as the fol- 
lowing: "Mountains of Naphtali," "Hills of Galilee," 
"Hill Country of Judea," "Mount Tabor," "Hills of Nazar- 
eth," "Mountains of Ephraim," "Hights of Benjamin," etc. 



On the eastern boundary are the scattered mountains known 
as Mountains of Gilead, Mountains of Ammon and Mountains 
of Moab. But the most distinctive feature in the geography 
of Palestine is the valley of the Jordan. This valley is more 
than three hundred miles in length, and from ten to twenty 
miles in breadth. In many respects it resembles Salt Lake 
A'^alley. Like this, it is hemmed in on all sides by mountains ; 
like this, it has a fresh water lake which is emptied by the 
river Jordan into the bitter waters of a Dead Sea, having no 
visible outlet with any other body of water. But with these 
differences, the Jordan of Palestine flows not in a northern, 
but in a southern direction ; the Jordan of Palestine has a 
much more rapid descent, than the Jordan of Utah. Where 
it issues from its source into the little lake, called the "Waters 
Meram," it has an elevation of two thousand three hundred 
feet above the level of the sea. Rapidly descending it reaches 
the Sea of Galilee at an elevation of six hundred and fifty 
feet. Thrs is a beautiful sheet of water about the size of 
Utah Lake, and resembling it in some respects. Prom thence 
the Jordan descends still more rapidly till it reaches its 
greatest depression in the chasm of the Dead Sea, the surface 
of whose waters are one thousand three hundred and sixteen 
feet below the level of the Mediterranean — the lowest spot on 
the surface of the globe. 

The valley of the Great Salt Lake can be but little culti- 
vated on the western side of the Jordan owing to the scarcity 
of water. But in Palestine it is that portion which lies to 
the east of the Jordan that is more destitute of water and 
consequently less inhabited. 

Palestine, though lying within the parallels of latitude of 
Fillmore, Utah, and Tucson, Arizona, j-et owing to its geo- 
logical structure of lofty mountains and deep valleys it pos- 
sesses a climate essentially different. On the higher slopes of 
Lebanon the Summer months are cool and pleasant as on our 
higher valleys of the Wasatch range ; but in the deep valley 
of the Jordan, and on the shores of the Dead Sea the heat 
is as intense and debilitating as on the hottest plains of 
Mexico. 

Properly speaking, there are but two seasons in Palestine, 
appropriately described as "Winter and Summer," "cold and 
heat," "seed time and harvest;" but on the mountain ranges 
the four seasons are distinctly perceptible. Though the 
loftier summits of Lebanon are covered with snow the year 
round, yet snow and ice are only occasionally seen in the vicin- 
ity of Jerusalem. 

Commencing with the beginning of November the Winter 
rains continue with short intervals until March. Then follows 
the dry season shortly after; at first with clear atmosphere, 
verdant fields, and flowery shrubs ; then later, with hazy skies, 
intense heat, parched soil and diminished streams, till, at 
length. Autumn .succeeds, with its luscious fruits, and atmos- 
phere of unsurpassed balminess. 

But whatever is beautiful in the scenery of Palestine is 
peculiar to the north. There the beholder is charmed, espe- 
cially in Spring time, with rippling brooks and sylvan lakes; 
with leaping cascades, and rushing rivers; with green plains 
and fertile valleys, and with lofty mountains, who.se higher 
summits are capped with perpetual snow, and down whose 
furrowed sides rush a thousand torrents. 

In the south of Palestine there is a sameness of outline and 
color that wearies the eye, and makes one sigh for variety. 
Though forbidding in aspect and apparently sterile, yet, con- 
sidering the nature of the soil, the kind of crops it is best 
adapted to produce, and the crude husbandry here practiced, 



-!«« 



3.8S 



ijTJ'V'En^ini.E in^sTiS/TJOToi^. 




the flinty region of Southern Palestine is equal in productive- 
ness to many of the best portions of Europe and America. 
All that can be reasonably demanded of a country is to yield 
iu fair proportion, the grains or fruits adapted to the climate. 
The stony soil of Southern Palestine is peculiarly adapted to 
the olive and the vine, and one acre of the surface of Mount 
Olivet, planted with olive trees and carefully tended, would 
yield more through the exchanges of commerce toward human 
subsistence than an equal tract of the richest land of Western 
Europe or America planted with grain or fruit trees. While, 
as in the days of old, wheat and barley, grapes and olives are 
the staple productions, there are also raised in great abund- 
ance nearly every vegetable of temperate or semi-tropical 
climates. There are also cultivated in all their deliciousness, 
figs, apricots, peaches, plums, oranges, lemons, citrons, limes, 
pomegranates, apples, pears, dates, bananas, quinces, cherries, 
almonds and walnuts. In many districts cotton and tobacco 
are extensively cultivated, while in all sections herds of cattle 
and flecks of sheep and goats are raised for food and raiment. 
Possessing a climate marked vrith the peculiarities of the three 
zones, the frigid, the temperate and the torrid, and yielding 
annually such harvests of grains and fruits for the sustenance 
of more than a million and a half of people, the Promised 
Land, might by the blessing of God and an enlightened gov- 
ernment, become a marvel of fertility and beauty. 



EASY SCIENCE LESSONS. 



BY SONNY. 



NITROGEN. 



THE element, nitrogen, exists as a permanent gas without 
color, taste or smell. In bulk, it forms about four-fifths 
of the entire atmosphere, there being a slight difierence in its 
specific gravity and that of atmospheric air, the former being 
the lighter; hence, the proportion of nitrogen, by weight, is 
not so great as that of bulk. This gas is classed as a non- 
metal, and holds its rank among those most widely distributed 
throughout nature. 

Nitrogen, unlike the elementary gases, oxygen and hydro- 
gen, will not support combustion; nor, like oxygen, will it sus- 
tain animal life. Yet we breathe it, for three-fourths of the 
atmosphere is nitrogen; but, were it not for the life-support- 
ing element, oxygen, wc could not live. However, diluted as 
it is in the atmosphere with oxygen, it not only becomes 
harmless, but serves an important part in the economy of 
nature. 

Nitrogen is a necessary and mo.st important coni-titucnt of 
the solid an'' fluid substances of all animal life. For this 
rea.son animal matter is designated nitrogenized matter; still 
nitrogen is to be found in many products of the vegetable 
kingdom. 

The power of nitrogen to insinuate itself into .so many com- 
pound.-*, as a constituent element is very remarkable on account 
of its chemical afiinities being so weak. This, no doubt, off'ors 
an explanation to the extremely explo.sive character of some 
compounds of nitrogen, the elements, being held very loosely 
together, are easily separated by some mechanical Ibroe, as 
friction, percussion, etc.; such as nitro-glycerine, gunpowder 
and iodide of nitrogen, which latter, when dry, explodes upon 
the slightest friction, as the rubbing of a feather or the touch 
of the finger, and sometimes, apparently, without any cause 
whatever. 




I believe chemists hold that nitrogen does not unite with 
any one element directly, but joins on to a number of them at 
once. Easily obtained, however, easily lost; prone to decom- 
position, or resolving into its elements again under the least 
disturbing influence. 

This element unites with oxygen (by complicated reactions) 
in five difl'erent proportions. It unites with hydrogen in 
the proportion, by weight, of fourteen parts of nitrogen to 
three of hydrogen to form ammonia gas. It unites with oxy- 
gen, forming a compound known to persons mi:ch troubled 
with the toothache as "laughing gas." It unites with both 
metals and non-metals (though not directly), to form gases, 
liquids and solids; in fact, nitrogen variously unites with many 
elements and compounds, producing substances which greatly 
vary in their character and properties. 



ON PICKET DUTY. 



"/^H, Rob, how heedless you are! " cried Fannie, "I told 

^-^ you to be sure you shut the door when you went out. 
You didn't do it and now the biscuits are so cold they won't 
be light in time to bake for tea." 

"I'm sorry Fan — truly I am — but I forgot all about it." 

"I suppose you did. It would be a comfort if you could 
ever remember anything." 

At the supper table Mrs. Bertram asked: "Rob, did you 
do that errand at Gleason's?" 

"Oh, mamma, I'm awful sorry! The boys wanted me to 
play ball, and I thought I'd go there when we came home, 
and then I forgot it." 

"Did you go to the post ofiice?" asked his father. 

Rob's face showed plainly that he had forgotten that, too. 

"I should think a boy of sixteen was old enough to remem- 
ber a few things," remarked Mr. Bertram; but Rob's untrust- 
worthy memory had become such an old story that little com- 
ment was made. 

"I wish I'd lived in war times," exclaimed our hero a few 
days later, as he laid down an exciting book he had just fin- 
ished. "The batdes must have been grand, but I think I 
should have liked picket-duty, too. What an inspiration it 
would be to a man, as he walked back and forth in the dark, 
to remember that perhaps the safety of the whole army lay 
in his keeping ! " 

His mother shook her head. "I don't think you would 
have made a good picket." 

"Now, mother, why not? " asked Rob, (|uite indignant that 
his patriotism should be thus assailed. 

"I doubt whether you would have believed in a danger you 
couldn't see, and so you would have laid down your gun and 
been at the mercy of the lurking foe." 

"Why, mother, a fellow would be a fool to do that." 

Mrs. Bertram smiled. 

"Did you ever see me do anything so silly?" 

"Yery recently." 

Rob only looked his incredulity. 

"The comfort of a family, if not the safety of an army, 
often lies in your keeping, and you often prove a very negli- 
gent picket. You .surrender to the first temptation that pre- 
sents itself, with no better excuse than 'I forgot.' It was he 
who was faithful in little things who was made 'ruler over 
many things' " — Kc. 



<i^i- 



m 



CTTJ'VEin^II-jE IltTSari^TJOTOI?., 



183 




2-1 

o 

HI 
z 

o 
?o 
o 
> 



>- 



PI 

o 

o 
w 

o 
o 
o 
> 

o 



O 2 





rn 


^r 


c 


n 


— 


■a 








-! 


n 












3 


n 


a- 


Q- 





2 

o 



O 
H 



02 



P 2 



O 

M 
O 
!0 

O 

P3 

z 

o 
f 

B 



3- 



Q 

H 
O 
SO 
Q 
M 



z 

2 

o 
z 

O 



3 
S 



" 2 S- 



> ^ 



3 „. 



») 






o 
> 



3- 

a 



CO 



o 



CQ 



3- 
o 






3- 



M re 
3 — 
a ^ 



re 
o 





1 

! 

o 


Bear Lake . . 
Beaver . . . 
Bos Elder . . 
Cache . . . 
Davis . . . 
Eastern Arizona 
Emery . . . 
Juab . . . 
Kanab . . . 
Little Colorado 
Maricopa . . 
Millard . . . 
Morgan . . . 
Panguitch . . 
Parovfan . . 
Salt Lake . . 
Sanpete . . . 
San Juan . . 
San Luis . . . 
Sevier . . . 
St. George . . 
St. Joseph . . 
Summit . . . 
Tooele . . . 
Utah . . . 
Wasatch . . 
Weber . . . 






1 ^^ 


t>5 L^O ^-' li tC I—* CO H- ' (—'►—•4^-10^-' 

4-ooK^oo^aiK-i,-i4;..co':DOOiocoQococo-ao^as>t^cocj'CoC7tcc 


No. uf SchooU Reported. 




CO 


to bs ►— H- t— ' I— • H-" to bo 


Ko. of Schools not 
Reported. 




LO 4^ I- H- lo en 1-. h^ H- en LO _ ^ 
^JLOOi4^L<'4^ — CnCr-^4COOi4^^-OOtOtOO^J4^4^c0^4^00tC 


No. of 3iiile Officers 
aod Tvacliers. 




w 
*- 


•— 't^ H-'l—'tsSCO COi— '-- 
OD-a02CJ>0<JilOCntOi-'tOCOOCn*'-4l-' Cn(f^*.0050O*'4^O 
CO<— 050^— >— 4^»— C0050DLCOOL</t00C0sti00Cn4i.H-CIiC0t^4i^ 


No. of F<!oialc Officers 
and Teachers. 




4il-'-a>— F- toco o,CC">-J — 1— ",_i_.h-tO0DCO^tO 
Os05Coco*.0-Jl.O>0:Oi— — COlO-JCOl-CtCH- — <£l^^sSO^Ol:;• 
OCo.— 4i^COCnCJlO:tCCO^OC4iOL-it^iOOOtCOOOCOl^l--IOOs 


Totnl No. of Officers 
und Teachers. 




1 

wi— 'Oi LO»— was 1— ' 1— ')— 'cjiici— ' 

CO en OOiCO Co •— 0^4^-0 0' -~10>C00^<— ■XasCi^-4^ai04^ cr. CJiC-' 


Average Attendance, 

Officers and Teachers. 






"In cole CO -t*. t-- OS CO ^ "co Oi CO InD CO en ^ tO *>- tC rfx O Cn o tsi OC 


Ko. of Slitie Pupils. 




p 

oc 


•—to >— CO J.O 
"ji^ ^:j\ oc f4^ to C5 — 4 p— ' en "en to lO LC en H- ■ tO Co t— • 4^ go ^ O CO -4 

LCCi'— CCn — 4^ 44^C^tOCOGCCnCC"OOOCnOCr-0>f^LOLOi 4 


No. of Female Pupils. 




4^ 

p 


Lo *- \^>^ j-^j^ ^^ ^^:r* ^ 

'x; GO~^ oi o ,^ CO o* LO ^ oc lo en hf^ Oi O ■'^■:i cn ix- cc co~'-t'o"oc en O 
CTien — enO'— — — J— JOen'OcocGCLOO^'— 'OCi— L0oen4^0'0^ico 
^OOi-J^-OOO — 4i'OOL0 4i^OcO-4tOOtOi'iCi--i-^a<00*'en 


Total >o. of Pupils. 






^LO CO ^^ ^^ WH-' H- 

ociloenen— 'o"^— loococoji-CTii— ' co'»^toen?D4^tocoo 
■— cocoo■cooo^cnDocnc^?cccO■y::;--4aiGOGccoy;:;GC'•JDOglOr-- 
0'OOLOOO-JO■en^-Clenenoccoc:enO'— OCDcoi 4h— ^JOhP^ 


Average Attendance, 
Popilfi. 




CO 


coi— en — 1— '— cooo — ^^^i^ -^ 
*'O4^-^0e!<enOC0t— '"wlo-Jas-JLOCOH-tO^OenOtOCOtOOiOO 
IC — 4^':C4*O0DOC04^enOO— '4^CChfi.i— 'icco-— 0^enL0 4i--jyD 
-vico-4 — ^cnoc--ioo — coiocooo4i^OOena3asenenL0^4i+^^ 


Totiil K«. of Officers, 
Teachers and Pupils. 




cri 


— tot— ' 1— iH-k^ -—CO 

en4^-gc;4i''-'tootO^---l — i— 'i— '►^cn rf^-OiC^cocoj^-^coco 


No. Theological Classes. 




-qi— -cc — to 4^co -a4^ic>— 'toto "— ' H-ioe^cji— '4^ 
en— ien-~itocooDen-atoOi004^coiocni— 'cn^-coa co — — oo 


No. Bible and Testament 
Classes. 




4^ 
CO 


ecc^'— ' to to 1— 'OiH-H- 1— '.— 'cocoh— 
C0h^totoen4i.4^0to4^'y:>a^ooiuico>f>'t0b0^f*-t0booi--joocnos 


No. Book of Mormon 
Classes. 




— to «— ^ to to ^ 

owocncnJi-occi o^cicoco cnto — i T4^as-aLO'y:5co-a 


No. Doctrine »nd 

CoTcnnnts Classes. 






-^ to r- CO h^ to to o 00 to CO to ^- K- CO bO en to -J '-' 


No. Juvenile Instructor 
Classes. 




4- 


>— 'to (—'I—'—' ^- cnbo 
to^— '^ococc^ji- to-^ent^oento coenco:o^i05en — js- 


No. Catechism Classes. 




00 

o 

4*." 

1o 


1—1 to 1— 1 K-. (_i to to '— ■ 

4^ai — ►f^^^tOOOtOi'— '4^-J4^4^h^4:^i— '1— 'Cc4^CO-JCr. ototooo 

lO^^co— 'OiO^oco — ^^co-aco^-'cctoa5toool— oocncocDOenco 


No. Miscellaneoos Classes. 




co4^ '—''—' coen H- 1— 1— 'ento^- 

OOtD^OOOCOOOCotOO^GOOOOCOtOtOCn-JC^tOCO — cn4^ci 
oencn4^cn^Dtoco.*»'CO'— coO^-co:^— jOC-cn--icocoOGf--JtO 


Total No. Classes. 




CO 

■ "oo 


to Ci -X: Co CO to lo — to o Ci — T CO CO' -^ >— ' p— ' :n CO CO Ic CO ~^ \z a-- 
Qc to o en CTi eo 4i. CO --J ^ 4^ ~ CO C-- tc — — X --T en — •— o — —I OC' o 
^ --r: en i^ — 4- a; o -X' ec en i o c-^ o - 1 o oc eo — c: o co -j eo o; — ■ co 


No. Books in Lllirary. 






^- CO Oi — 

en e;< TO a:" to cj- — j en lo 4^ oo — i*^ to --i ^ en -jd oo to 

O en Oi en c^) j^ co i— ■ ct^ ~ eo' tO' 4^ 'JD o Ci o^ >— • to -j -j o 


Anit. of Funds on Hand, 
end of Last Year. 




to 


►— 'OLOenCn CoOCO co+^4^4^-..O0C. OX— OCht-OCn ^Oi 

00 --C ~i — lO to oo o -J 4- jc c- -I en o c: c: lo 4- 4- 4^ -i 






CTs^-colOi— ' 4x1—' 00 — 1— t— coeneoi— 'le 

:c -~I — CO GO -^ C C: to en 4^ ^C CO — CO 4^ 01 -a .tr: — C: Ci- 

i to CO c: e;i X -^i CO en LO — e; e: V" — eo eo en to oc :: c:^ 


Amount of Fund>. Col- 
lected. 

1 




, X y: O' -c- -^' ic 4- le eo en ~' -u 4- — c-- co -j -~i en x — en to oi 

CO V e;- "' 4- C"' '-T y: ic ~ 1 c -jt ~ ~ C' y: en ~ c- O en en en 10 oc O' / 




1 ^ 

■ -1 

-1 


Ci 1— '"^ IC LO CO — ' CO -^ t— h— ' CO en CO LO 

cr-':^: — e^ o— j^iej'Cntoocioentcoen cocoocoen4^ocenci^- 
1 CO oc LO — I CO CO ^c LO CO — c Oi to --J en O oc -1 a to eo <— — lo 4^ 


Amount of Fundis DIs- 
Imrsed, 




'X 


1 -O le 10 en IC 4- CO X en X 4- -x) ■i^ 4j- X 4- 4- 4- -0 en 10 ^0 




IC 

CO 
4- 


— en X ^ — 

-JlOCOOi — GO to ^ aJX4-4i.lO-4 — — XXtO^f^^ 
! Cr. X 0; 0--J CoOX4^tOOiCniOCiOO>-i ^^tocoto — COO-I — 


Amount of FiiixU In 
Trea«.urj'. 




.-i 


1 c c-^ en 4 X 4^ :o X 10 -jd 4^ CO g;- X -T-i ^ H^ 9* ^ ^ f* P 5 r ' 






A. Galloway. 
W. Fotheringham. 
J. C. Wixom. 
C. W. Niblev. 
N. T. Porter, Sen. 
John A. West. 
Peter Johnson. 
Wm. Paxman. 
Allen Frost. 
F. Gr. Nielson. 
George Passey. 
Thos. C. Callister. 
J. K. Hall. 
RilevG Clark. 
R. W. Hey borne. 
John. C. Cutler. 
John B. Maiben. 
Jas. B. Decker. 
Wm. Christensen. 
Hans P. Miller. 
A. R. Whitehead. 
Alfred Cluff. 
John Boyden. 
Wm Jefferies. 
David John. 
S. J. Wing. 
R. Balhmtyne. 


Names op 
s perintendents 



k! 

H 



T 

i 

T 



0) 

(J 

« L. 



CO 
CO 
CO 



0) 


M 





H 




> 

M 

Q 

> 







""^4/1 



184r 



CTTJ^En^riLE insrsTi^TJOToi^. 





G£0RGE: (I. CANWON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 15, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUaHTS. 




N a letter from St. Charles, Bear Lake 
County, under date of April 15th, Bro. 
A. Galloway calls our attention to a con- 
flict of views respecting the Garden 
of Eden, and where it was situated. 

Brother Galloway quotes the statement 

which has been made, that the Garden of 

Eden was in Jackson County, Missouri. 

The Prophet Joseph is frequently quoted 

as the author of this statement. We do not 

remember to have seen this published by 

him; but it is generally believed that he 

did make it, and that the Garden of Eden was 

in Jackson County, Missouri. Our own belief 

is that this was the place of its location. 

But Brother Galloway calls our attention to a 
statement which appears in Vol. 17 of the Juven- 
'^^ ILE Instructor, (page 182) under the head of 
"Antediluvial Geography," where it is stated that, 

"Prior to the flood, a large city, called Zion, was built by 
Enoch and his people upon the spot where was formerly the 
Garden of Eien. When the city and its inhabitants were 
perfected, the city and the earth upon which it stood were 
taken ur. to a place in the heavens; that the cavity thus made 
is now called the Gulf of Mexico," etc. 

This statement we do not view as correct. The Prophet 
Brigham Young is authority for the belief that the city 
which ?]noch built and the earth upon which it stood formerly 
occupied that portion which is now called the Gult of Mexico. 
This is the general view taken by the leading Elders of the 
Church; but it is not believed that the Garden of Eden occu- 
pied this same place anterior to the building of Enoch's city. 
The writer of the article, "Autediluvial Geography," from 
which this extract is taken, may have had in view, when he 
wrote it, the words of the hymn: 

"There ihcy shunned the power of Satan, 

And observed celestial laws; 
For in Adain-ondi-Ahman, 

Zion rose where Eden was." 

But this is written with poetic license, and, while true in a 
general .sense, it is not sufficient warrant for the beliel that 
the city t»hich Enoch built occupied the place where the Gar- 
den ol Eden was i)lantcd. In fact, the Prophet Joseph pointed 
out to the Saints, and the place was visited by many Elders, 
where Adam offered sacrifice, and which was known by the 
Saints of Missouri as Adam-ondi-Ahman, it being on firand 
River, in Davies County, Missouri. 



In our last number we gave a brief description of the ser- 
vices at the Temple at Logan. In our allusion to the choir we 
did not do the singers and their talented and skillful leader the 
Justice they deserve. We were charmed, as all present doubt- 



less were also, with their tinging. They entered into the 
spirit of the occasion with fervor and zeal, and their singing 
contributed largely to the impretsiveness of the services. We 
did not know at the time, that which we learn from the follow- 
ing communication, that the Anthem sung at that time was 
the production of Brother Evan Stephens, or we should have 
taken pleasure in giving him the credit which he so well 
merits: 

Logan, Cache Co., June .3, 1884. 
Editor Jmenile Instructor, 

Dear Brother: 

In connection with the account of the 
dedication of the Logan Temple, I am sorry that you failed to 
make mention of the Anthem which was sung hv the Lngan 
Choir at the dedication meeting on Saturday. This excellent 
piece of music, together with the words, are the production of 
Evan St^iphens, Esq., who composed it especially for the 
occasion. It is styled. Song of the\ Redeemed , It was sung 
with good effect bv the Choir, but probably a better rendition 
was given in the Tabernacle on Sunday afternoon, the arrange- 
ment of the singers being more advantageous to the blending ot 
the voices. In regard to the Anthem itself, it is sufficient to 
say that it does justice to the author, whose reputation is 
established. 

Alex. Lewis. 



An inquiry has been addressed to us, as Superintendent of 
Sunday schools for the Territory, as follows: — 

"Is it right or politic for those who attend mission or free 
schools, as they are termed, during the week, to be employed 
as teachers in our Sunday schools when others can be found 
who do not patronize these institutions?" 

We were surprised to hear that there were any L itter-day 
Saints, who claimed to have any standing in our Church, 
attended such schools as are here described. These free or 
mission schools have been established in this Territory for 
the express purpose of leading our children from the faith of 
their parents. Those who support them are induced to give 
their money for this purpose. Those who take part in them 
as superintendents or teachers have no other object in view. 
They are intended as an agency to destroy us. Whoever 
attends them, therefore, must partake more or less of the 
spirit of unbelief and cannot long remain friendly to us as a 
people. Of course such persons are entirely unfit to be 
teachers of our children in Sunday schools, and no superin- 
tendent should allow such persons to act in that capacity. 



The Two Men Inside. — An old Indian once asked a white 
man to give him some tobacco for his pipe. The man gave 
him a loose handful from his pocket. 

The next day became back and asked for the white man; 
"For," said he, "I found a quarter of a dollar among the 
tobacco." 

"Why don'tyou keep it? ' asked a bystander. 

"I've got a good man and a bad man here," said the Indian, 
pointing to his breast; "and the good man say, 'It is not 
mine; give it back to the owner.' The bad man say, 'Never 
mind, you got it, and it is your own now.' The good man say, 
'No no ; you must not keep it.' So I don't know what to do, 
and I think to go to sleep, but the good and the bad men kept 
talking all night, and trouble me; and now I bring the money 
back I feel good." 

Like the old Indian, we have all a good man and a bad man 
within. The bad man is Temptation, the good man is Con- 
science, and they keep talking for and against many things 
that we do every day. — Ex.. 



m 





a-TJ"viiii^iijEi I3^sa?I^;TJOTOI?.. 



185 




DRINK DID IT. 



"■VrOII maybe assured, friend Bernard, I will do my utmost, 

i for I believe you are innocent, but the prosecution seem 
confident of your conviction. Good-day ! God cheer and 
help you! " 

These were the words of Lawyer P to his friend. Bern- 
ard W , who was languishing in a dismal cell awaiting 

his trial on a charge of robbery and arson. 

"I know you will, my dear friend," sobbed the prisoner, 
"and God will reward you for your trouble, for He knows I 
am innocent of such pr'Tr'r<> po tVr^sB TriiTi w^i<Ti T am r-Tiarppd." 

Bernard W 

had been a very 
successful salesman 
in a large mercan- 
tile establishment. 
By politeness, close 
attention to busi- 
ness and strict in- 
tegrity he had gain- 
ed the confidence 
of his employers 
and had made firm 
friends of numer- 
ous associates. But 
a dark hour came. 
He opened wide 
the door of hi^ 
then blessed home 
to a man with whom 
he had had an ac- 
quaintance of somi 
months, and whom 
he supposed to bi 
a true friend. Thi.' 
man made Bern- 
ard frequent visits 
and occasionally in- 
duced him to gii 
out for an evenin.t! 
walk with him 
After a time Bern- 
ard was introduced 
by his supposed 
friend into the so 
ciety of the so-call- 
ed aristocracy of 
the city in which 
he lived. Here he 
was offered wine, 
which he at first 
refused, then sipped lo pitase liia tricuds and atterwards 
drank to please himself Thus was his inherent pa.ssion for 
drink aroused. Wine was not enough, he must have liquor. 
One glass did not satisfy, he could not live without more. He 
visited the saloons, drank with the drunkard and associated 
wich the vile. His wife, child, business and religion were 
neglected, if not forgotten. 

One day his last cent had been spent for drink and still his 
thirst was unallayed. He tried to borrow of him who had 
thus led him to such degradation. But no, the latter had no 
means to spare. Thinking, however, that want had now 



driven Bernard to desperation, and that he would be willing 
to do anything for money, he proposed that they together 
make a raid upon a certain business house. He had already 
planned the wicked deed and only wanted someone to help 

him in the undertaking; but Bernard W , depraved as 

he had become, was not the man to do it. His integrity was 
still a part of his nature, and he indignantly refused to lend 
his aid to such a deed. 

"What he will not do willingly, I must by stratagem get 
him to do," thought his destroyer. He accordingly "treated" 
him to liquor until his reason was befogged, and then sought 
to nap h'm a'^ p tool rr. pffo^* >i>'i: .^Ir-l-nr) nurposes. 

The 




next 
Bernard W- 



thing 



knew was when he 
was aroused from 
his sleep in the 
gutter by crackling 
flames and on aris- 
ing to move away 
was seized by the 
police and hurried 
to jail, where he 
was left to silently 
sleep off his stupor. 
Here was where 

Lawyer F 

found him. 

The day of trial 
came and with it 
his sentence to 
"ten years hard la- 
bor," for witnesses 
testified to having 
seen him and anoth- 
er man emerge 
from the burning 
building, but who 
the other man was 
no one seemed to 
know. The judg- 
ment was almost 
like a death blow 
to Bernard, and hia 
poor wife, who was 
present, and had to 
be carried from the 
room. But tears 
were unavailing. 
Repentance came 
too late. Temper- 
ance pledges were 
now vain, tor drink had done its woik and the condemned 
man went to prison. 

Months passed until almost a year had fled since the con. 
viction, when a noted burglar was captured. At his trial the 

facts in Bernard W 's case were developed : 

While the supposed culprit was in a drunken stupor his 
assumed friend had led him lo the building to be robbed, but 
as Bernard was too drunk to be of any service he was pushed 
into the street where he afterwards was caught by the oflicers 
of the law. 
These facts coming to light Bernard was released and 




'^a^' 



186 



CTTJ^IBITILE IIsrSTie.TJOTOI^. 




restored again to his family and friends. The bitter experi- 
ence, however, thus gained taught him a lasting lesson. A 
drop of intoxicants never again passed his lips, and wherever 
he went he was free in relating his experience, thus warning 
others of the terrible results of indulging in drink. 



THOUGHTS ON DEATH. 



BY W. J. 




DEATH, or the separation of the body and the spirit, is a 
principle that is not very well understood by mortals 
generally, and it is self-evident, doubtless, to the majority 
of cultured and reflecting minds, that it cannot be thoroughly 
understood only by experience. 

The body is disposed of in a variety of ways. Some bodies 
are embalmed, some are cremated, some are sunk in ocean's 
depths, and some are entombed in the bosom of mother earth, 
all being destined to "return to dust" sooner or later, and 
therefore it is generally understood what becomes of the body 
of man until it Joes return to dust, although a mystery — or 
much ignorance — exists in regard to that dust, which only a 
knowledge of the resurrection power of God can remove ; but 
the spirit passes away, and its whereabouts, condition and 
destiny are not'generally understood, hence many singular and 
conflicting theories are entertained in regard to this matter. 
True, many religionists believe that "the spirit returns to God 
who gave it," and spends its time afterwards in singing cease- 
less praises to God and the Lamb, or enduring the eternal 
torments of the damned ; but even with such believers there 
is much difl'erence of opinion and much uncertainty as to the 
future destiny of the spirits of the race of Adam. 

This uncertainty is one cause of infidelity, for positive 
knowledge is expected of those who claim to be servants of 
God. The hell-fire doctrine taught by many is also another 
cause of much unbfilief, for men reason that a kind, earthly 
parent would not consign innocent children to the flames of 
hell; neith-ir wouM he doom the guilty to eternal torments in 
those flames, although he may punish them for the measure 
of guilt attaching to them; and certainly a "(lod of love," 
who is more merciful than man is capable of being, would not 
be guilty of being more brutal than the brute and more 
inhuman than man in the treatment of His ofi"spring. Hence, 
difl'erlnp opinions, clashing creeds, and antagonistic faiths, 
and, in many instances, no faith at all in religious systems or 
in a future existence; and a very large majority of the chil- 
dren of men cling to life, and dread death as the king of 
terrors. And when this king of terrors, which none can 
escape, does come to us, we pass away, mi.ssed but by a few 
and .soon forgotten. The poet puts this idea thus: 

"If you or I to-day should die, 

The birds would sing the saino to-rnorrow; 
The vernal Spring the flowors would bring 

And few would think of us with sorrow. 
Yes, he is dead, would then be said; 

The corn would floss, the grass yield hay, 
The cattle low, and Summer go, 

And few would heed us pass away. 
How soon we pass! Uow few, alas I 

Remember tboso who turn to mold ; 
Whose faces faJe with Aulinnn's shade, 

Beneath the sodden graye-yard cold I 



Yes, it is so — we come and go ! 

They hail uur birth, they mourn us dead; 
A day or more, the Winter o'er. 

Another takes our place instead." 

But are the dead forgotten? It is too often the case, no 
doubt, that they are forgotten too soon ; but is it not true that 
we are remembered and thought of most in the sphere in 
which we move, and at the time we move in it, and by those 
we are then associated with? We are blessed with children, 
who are almost continually before our eyes, and whom we con- 
stantly remember and dearly love; but, through the provi- 
dence of God, they pass into the spirit world, and our cup of 
sorrow overflows. Time passes. Other children are left us, 
and more are born to us, and, although we love the dear 
departed ones none the le's, yet those we have with us are 
thought of oftenest, and, of necessity, receive the greatest 
share of our tenderest afl"ections. We were born in the spirit 
world and loved and tenderly cared for there, but unthought 
of in this sphere of action, even if it existed. Later, we came 
on our earthly mission, were committed to the care of mortal 
parents, whose wealth of love we enjoy here, but we are 
kindly remembered and loved yet in our first estate, though 
under the special care of an earthly parentage. After a while, 
according to our Heavenly Father's programme, we pass from 
the care of an earthly parentage into the care and tutelage of 
those who, according to the order of God, have the manage- 
ment of aff"airs in the spirit world ; and although we may be 
loved and often remembered either with pleasure or regret by 
those we have left behind in this probation, yet we have 
passed out of their reach, and are committed to the care, 
kindness and aff'ection of those who have the watch-care over 
us in the sphere in which we then move. And this view of the 
matter appears to be reasonable, natural and correct. 

Now, with regard to this dread of death. Why should 
death be dreaded as a terror at all, much less as the king of 
terrors? It is in the path of mortals. It is, like many other 
experiences, ordained for their exaltation. 

"Death is the path which must be trod, 
If man would ever pass to God." 

Mortality cannot put on immortality without it. It is a 
stepping-stone to blessings inde.scribable. It is as necessary 
as a birth, at which there is much joy; and when a death 
occurs here, there is a birth in the spirit world, and joy there 
while there is sorrow here, when the righteous die. Then 
why not meet death joyfully and not sorrowfully? If there is 
uncertainty, or oidy partial knowledge, live pure and holy 
lives, and thus be prepared to meet anything that may trans- 
pire either here or in the spirit world. If men have to meet 
their fellows in the spirit world, let them treat them fairly and 
honorably, so that they may be prepared to meet them with 
joy at any time throughout the vast future. If it is the phy- 
sical pain in the ordeal of death which is dreaded, itisrea.son- 
able to presume, and state from observation, that many of the 
ordeals of life are far more painful; and therefore the pains 
of dissolution are no more to be dreaded than they are. If it 
is a meeting with the angels of God which men dread, let 
them live blameless lives, and then lho.se angels will rejoice 
over them, and welcome them to their angelic spheres. If 
men dread to meet the Great Judge of all — our Heavenly Father 
—why is it so? If the earthly child loves and obeys his 
mortal parent, he delights to meet him and embrace him, and 
be embraced by him— great joy is experienced by the loving 
and loved father and son, and it is separation, not meeting. 





a"TJ'V^E3^II_.E] IIDTSTI^TJCTOI^. 



187 



""^^^ 



which is more or less painful, and to be dreaded. And why 
can it not be thus with us and our Heavenly Father? It can 
be. Let us make it thus. Let us learn the will of God con- 
cerning us in all things, and do it to the best ot our ability 
henceforth and forever, and while thus operating we can be 
prepared for poverty or comparative affluence, for friends or 
foes either seen or unseen, for health or affliction, for prosperity 
or adversity, for storm or shine, for a long or a short life, and 
for the service of God while He permits us to tarry in mor- 
tality ; we can acknowledge the hand of God in all things; we 
can welcome His providence with pleasure; we need have no 
dread of death ; and if we receive an intimation that our 
sands of time have nearly run, we can wait for death as if we 
were waiting for a friend, who is going to deliver us from 
mortal pain and sorrow, and place us in a glorious state of 
existence, and introduce us to our Heavenly Parents and 
friends, from whom we have been long separated, to be joy- 
ously welcomed by them, and enjoy their society in celestial 
bliss for ever and ever. The righteous dread not death ! 

"It matters not at what hour of the day 

The righteous fall asleep ; death cannot come 

To him untimely who is fit to die; 

The less of this cold world, the more of heaven — 

The briefer life, the earlier immortality." 



THE STORY OF AN OLD MAN. 



BY M. A. WHATMOUGH. 



My dear young readers, I am going to write a 
story as a kind of parable, or riddle. I have chosen 
for my hero, an old man who lived in the days of 
Abraham. My story will be a very old one, as it 
is supposed Moses wrote of him five hundred and 
twenty years before Christ. We have no account 
of his parentage, yet we know he had many rela- 
tions. 

This good man conversed with God as one man 
talks with another. The Lord was very fond of 
him and gave him a great many riches, both gold 
and silver, camels, cattle, sheep and lambs. He 
also had many servants. Although he possessed 
so much wealth he did not lose his humilit}^, for 
he walked lilamelessly in all the ways of the Lord. 
My own thoughts give this good man the name of 
Justice Ornamental Brightness. His children were 
the joy of his heart. On several occasions in the 
year he would make a fea.st for them, supposed, by 
some, to be in honor of each birthday; and, for 
fear they had sinned in any way, he would rise 
early the next day and offer sacrifice to God to 
make atonement for them. 



The Lord had His priests scattered in diff'erent 
parts of His big garden, or world, to instruct His 
children who required His watchcare; to teach 
them the ways of life and salvation. The prin- 
cipal ones were Melchizedek, who lived in Salem, 
afterwards called Jerusalem, Abraham, in Padan- 
aram, Jethro, in ^Nlidian, Potiphera, priest of On 
and Balaam, the son of Beor. 

On a certain day the priests of the Most High 
met to worship, and Satan was found in their 
midst. God asked him where he had been and 
what he was doing. He said he was "traveling up 
and down in the earth, and to and fro in the 
earth." 

The Lord said: "Hastthou considered my servant 
Justice, that there is none like him in the earth?" 

"Yes, Thou hast set a hedge about him, his 
house and all that he has. Put forth Thine hand 
and smite him, and he will curse Thee to Thy 
face," was the remark of Satan. 

The Lord replied, "Behold all that he hath is in 
thy power, only on himself thou mayest not lay 
thy hand." 

Satan then departed. The next thing we hear 
is that one of the servants of Justice brought the 
news that the servants having charge of the cattle 
were killed while plowing in the field; and all the 
cattle and asses taken, and he was the only man 
left to tell the news. 

While he was relating the news, another came 
saying that a fire came down from abo'Ce and 
burned up all the sheep and killed all the servants 
but him. Before this one had finished another 
came saying that a great wind blew over his eldest 
son's house, where his children were holding a 
feast, and killed all who were in it. He now saw 
that he was bereft of all that made life happy, and 
there was nothing now to look to. So poor Justice 
arose and humbled himself, and rent his clothes, 
shaved his hair and bowed down to the earth and 
worshiped God. 

Satan appeared a second time before the Lord, 
who asked him if he had caused Justice to sin 
against his God. Satan answered, "All that a man 
hath will he give for his life; but put forth thine 
hand now, and touch his bone and his Hesii, and 
he will curse Thee to Thy face. Tlie Lord said, 
"He is in thine hand, only spare his life." Satan 
went from before the Lord and smote Justice from 
his feet to his head with boils and blains. Llis 
sufferings were very great; and his wife, the one 
who should have been his friend, said, "Dost thou 
still retain thine integrity? curse God, and die." 





188 



J"U'V'E]IsriILE! IIsTSTI^TJOTOIo, 




He mildly replied, "Thou speakest as the foolish 
women speaketh. What? shall we receive good 
at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil?"' 

In all this, Justice sinned not with his lips. 
He wondered what he had done to incur his Lord's 
displeasure that he should be so alHicted. 

Priests came to him to comfort him but upbraid- 
ed him instead. God reproved them for their un- 
wise judgment, and for not standing by him and 
vindicating his innocence and truth against the 
ungodly people among whom he dwelt. 

God came to Justice and told him to offer sacri- 
fice for them, that He might accept of them again. 

Satan could not make Justice sin, and God, in- 
stead of limiting him to his former wealth, doubled 
the amount. He also restored his children to him. 
When I was young I often wondered how his chil- 
dren could be restored to him, as his wife would 
then be too old to have children. It is now quite 
plain to me: God gave him another wife, by whom 
he had seven sons and three daughters. Do you 
mean to say God allowed him to have two wives 
at one time? That is just what I mean. Plural 
marriage was sanctioned by God in those daj's, as 
well as in our day. Did not the Savior say that 
they who would leave "houses and lands; home 
and friends; wife or children, for my sake and the 
gospel, shall receive a hundred fold in this life, 
and in the world to come, life everlasting?" 

God would not sanction a crime, and allow it to 
pass down unheeded from one generation to anoth- 
er. Nor would He bless the offspring of plural 
marriage, and make prophets and priests of them, 
if this form of marriage was a sin. 

I will give my reason for choosing the name of 
Justice Ornamental Brightness for my hero. Jus- 
tice was one of the leading traits in his character, 
and one of the attril>utes of God. He was orna- 
mented with a meek and quiet .spirit that would 
shine brighter and brighter to the perfect day. 
His scripture name is com|)osed of the first letter 
of each name I have given, or, in other words, it 
is Job. 



WATCHING FOR PAPA. 



\^^^ 



Up to tlie window arc three little heads, 
Lucy's and Willie's, and two-year old Fred's; 
What are they doing there, all in a row, 
P)obbing up, bobbing down, every way so? 

Watdiing for papa to coineliome to tea, 
Dear is their papa to all of the three: 



Which pair of little eyes sparkling and bright. 
Think you will be the first to see him to-night? 

Hark ! who is that now whose footstepsthey hear? 
Far out their heads stretch to see him draw near; 
Somebody's papa perhaps, but not theirs — 
Up to the three eager faces he stares. 

Back from the window bobs each little head ; 
"Papa make haste now," says dear little Fred ; 
Now they all see him just coming in sight: 
Hark, how they clap hands, and scream with 
delight! 

Happy at last, not a moment they wait, 
Laughing and shouting they rush to the gate; 
Joyfully papa the little troop meets, 
Each rosy mouth with glad kisses he greets. 

Up in his strong arms he takes little Fred, 
Willie and Lucy go dancing ahead: 
Into the house now all four of them come. 
Mamma stands smilingher bright welcome home. 

Pulling and tugging they make him sit down, 
One brings the slippers, another his gown ; 
Round him they hover and chatter with glee, 
While they are waiting the summons to tea. 

Little they know how their sweet, loving ways 
Comfort him after the wearisome days; 
Arms full and lap full of dear little pets, 
All of his worries and cares he forgets. 



Wmvds ii f iiiii. 



BY WILLI.-VM KOTriEIlINGUAM. 



( Continued from ]>iifje 'Jl. ) 



MY residi nee a( Manickpatna for an cxten 
uiy dcalinf.'.'i with the native pipiilation, 



jtended period, and 
gave me ample 
opportunities of bocouiing familiar with their spirit and dis- 
position. As I have formerly stated, I found them to be tricky 
and unreliable, and on hand to do any kind of mischief for a 
trifling sum of money. They have no equals for self abase- 
ment to their superiors; providing they think there is a pice or 
cent to be gained, (hey prostrate themselves, by falling down, 
with eight members, as they so call their abject mode 
of approach. The seal of oppression can be easily seen 
upon a race, who.se ancestors have been under the heel of 
tyrants. 

I found the description given by Owrc on the government 
and people of Hindostan, not very lar from the truth even at 
the time of my snjourn. Ho says, "The hiirlhhir plunders 
the village, and is himself fleeced by the zcmhuJar, theivmw- 
dar by the 2^housdiir, the phoiisd'ir by the nahoh or his duan 
(the duan is the ii'thnb's head slave), and the nrdmh com 




ifa)^- 



a"u-"v:H]3^ii_,E] iisrsTi^TJOTOie,. 



189 ^ 




pounds on the best terms he can make with his sithah, or the 
government; wherever this gradation was interfered with 
trouble ensued." 

The people had been under this treatment by the Hindoo 
and Mahometan rulers from time immemorial, and these same 
offices still continued to exist when the East India Company 
assumed the reins of government, and in very many remote 
districts these native officers would run the business in their 
own way, and the poor villagers dared not remonstrate. 

In every important town a guard was appointed whose call- 
ing was to hunt up and report infringements of the law. This 
guard was under the control of proper officers whose duties 
were to enforce and punish all minor oifences and misdemeanors 
that interfered with the policy of the district. The more 
henious crimes were brought before a more exalted tribunal 
called the durhan. This class of ministers of justice wore 
denominated the caficall, also the building where they sat to 
hear cases went by the same name. Around this place would 
be heard the clamors of the populace, some demanding 
redress for injury of an assault, others shouting that they had 
been defrauded, another would call for assistance to capture a 
thief, some offering themselves as bondsmen, others called 
upon for witnesses and the wails of unfortunates passing through 
the scourge, the whole making a complete picture of confu- 
sion and misery. 

It was a custom among the Hindoos and it prevailed to a 
certain extent when I was there, that when a party was 
charged with an offense, and the prosecution was unable to sub- 
stantiate the allegations, they would resort to the trial by 
ordeal, such as was in vogue in Europe during the dark ages. 
They have nine different modes of trial by ordeal, the 
first is, the party suspected of crime is placed on a pair of 
scales to ascertain his exact weight. After which the nature 
of the accusation alleged against him is written on a piece of 
paper and fastened on his forehead ; after a few minutes he 
is weighed again. If he proves to be lighter then when first 
weighed, he is acquitted ; butif heavier, he is adjudged guilty. 
The second ordeal consists of a trench dug in the ground, of 
such dimensions as will enable the party to run to and fro in it. 
The bottom of the trench is covered with hot coals from the 
pippal wood. The culprit is compelled to walk bare-footed on 
these embers; if he succeeds without burning his feet, he is 
innocent, and if not, he is deemed guilty. The third process 
is somewhat mixed. The accused stands in water nearly up 
to his waist by the side of a Brahman; an archer then shoots 
three arrows, when a runner starts to bring back the farthest 
arrow, as soon as he picks it up, another runner is dispatched 
for the next farthest, and so on. When the arrows were first 
shot the prisoner plunged head down into the water, holding 
on to the staff of the Brahman, if he came up to blow prior 
to all the arrows being brought to the archer by the runners, 
he was guilty, but if he remained under until the arrows were 
gathered in, he was innocent. The fourth mode consists of an 
earthen jar, containing a cohra-di-cupdla. In the same jar 
with the .'nake is a small coin or ring; the accused thrusts his 
uncovered hand and arm into the jar, among the coils of the 
cobra to fish the ring or coin, if he attains the object unbilten, 
he is innocent. The fifth species of ordeal is somewhat of a 
lottery. Two images of the gods are prepared, one of iron, 
the other of silver, or two pictures of a deity, one on tlack 
and the other on white cloth, and are rolled up in cow dung, all of 
which are placed in an earthen jar. If the man on trial draws 
from the jar the black picture or the iron image he is guilty, 
but if he happens to draw the other he is innocent. 



In the sixth species, the accused has to take three drinks of 
water in which images of deities have been washed ; if he 
lives through two weeks, without showing any signs of indis- 
position he is acquitted ; but if he happens to take sick during 
that period his guilt is proved. 

I have frequently observed the seventh species of ordeal 
tested, which was rather amusing, and was after this wise: 
If a small article of value should be missing, where several 
individuals were suspected of the theft, each was made to 
chew a quantity of dried rice. After chewing, each deposited 
his quantity upon a large leaf of a tree for inspection. Him from 
whose mouth the rice came dry or stained with blood was 
adjudged guilty. The religious ceremonies which accompanied 
the test were ludicrous, and were as interesting as a show. 
In the eighth species of ordeal, a man thrusts his hand into 
hot oil, and the ninth, he carries a red hot ball in his 
hand. 

The following incident occurred while I was at Manickpatna: 
A young Musselman, who performed the duties of a laborer 
in the ship-yard, when putting up chips for his father to take 
home, was in the habit of mixing up ship-spikes with the 
sticks. The old man was overhauled one day and the stolen 
articles were found in his bundle of wood. The father and 
son were kept around the vessel during the night. They 
dressed the youth up with a paper hat and had the mater, 
one of the lowest caste, march him around the ship-yard beat- 
ing a tom tom behind him. The artizans desired to put the old 
Musselman through the same ordeal, viewing him as an accom- 
plice. He appealed to me for them to desist; for if they did 
humiliate him in this manner he would commit suicide. I 
told them to let the old man go his way ; for I had no desire 
for a funeral just then. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



LESSONS TAUGHT BT OUE ENEMIES. 



THE treatment extended to the Latter-day Saints at the 
present time reminds one very much of that extended to 
the Jews in former days. The history of that people is one 
continued detail of sufl'ering and persecution. In almost every 
land they have been hated and treated with insult, abuse and 
contumely. Even now in some parts of Europe it is difficult 
to restrain the violence of the populace, who are ready on the 
slightest provocation to break loose upon them and treat them 
as they would wild beasts, so strong is the prejudice in the 
minds of the vulgar against them. 

But a change has taken place, and among the educated there 
is a feeling of dread concerning the Jew. He is becoming a 
power in many parts of Europe through his wealth. A dis- 
tinguished Belgian writer, speaking of the Jew, says: 

''The rapid rise of the Jewish element is a fact which may 
be observed all over Europe. If this upward movement con- 
tinues the Israelites a century hence will be the masters of 
Europe." 

He says: 

''In the great financial scandals of our day, especially in 
Belgium only Christians have figured." 

And he gives credit to the Jews of being at least as honest 
in all their monetary dealings as the Christians. Their com- 





mercial prosperity is such to-day in Europe as to arouse the 
jealousy and enmity, even of nations supposed to be the most 
enlightened. Yet it is a remarkable fact that the excessive 
accumulation of wealth in the hands of the Jews is only the 
natural result of the cruel policy which has been extended to th em 
of confining them for years to the practice of usury. They have 
been compelled by necessity to make the mostof every advantage 
of their situation. Banished from the society of Christian--, 
refused a voice in the administration of public affairs, denied 
the honor of military service, not even having legal protection 
in many instances, they have been compelled to organize them- 
selves in such a way as to resist the attacks of their enemies. 
They could not pursue agriculture, because the ownership of 
land was denied them. They could not be manufacturers to 
any extent because they were liable to be broken up. For the 
same reason they have kept out of mechanical pursuits and 
they have been compelled by the circumstances of their posi- 
tion to turn their attention to the acquisition of money. This 
could be easily carried from place to place, at least better than 
any other kind of property, and it enabled them — being, to a 
great extent at least, the Christian's god — to protect them- 
selves. 

The same policy that has been adopted in the case of the 
Jews is now being practiced against us. Many of our best 
people are excluded from the polls and denied the privilege of 
holding office, and schemes are not wanting which have for 
their object the entire exclusion of the people from all political 
power. It has even been proposed to deny us the privilege of 
purchasins: land from the general (rovernment, and to hamper 
us in everj- way that would be likely to impede our progress. 
So far we have held our own. In the face of all these odds, it 
is marvelous that we have done so ; for not only have we been 
handicapped in this way by unjust legislation, but we have bad 
enemies in our own midst who, in the most cunning, seductive 
manner, have sought to destroy us; I refer to the professed 
ministers of religion, who, by the aid of money from the 
States, have (stabli.^hed schools in almost all our settlements 
for the express purpose of luring our children into their nets, 
and weaning them from the faith of their fathers. There is 
not a weak spot in our system or in our mode of life that is not 
looked for and a.ssailcd. Thus far we have had the blessing of God 
upon our efforts in resisting these attacks and in bearing up 
under these disabilitie.s. We have a marvelous organization. 
We must make it iis perfect as possible. We must transform 
our disabilities into new instruments of power. We must 
maintain the sirictncss of our discipline; admini-ter our own 
affairs with scnipulous exactness ; cultivate tiie arts of peace, 
and keep our eyes and wita verj- open, and gain every inch of 
ground we can. Ever}' provision that is made for our exter- 
mination should if possible Vje converted into a new element of 
force for us. We have shown patient humility; we have 
accepted much abuse and contumely in silence; but this has 
not been because of any want of spirit, or because our will is 
broken, but it is because we have self control. This we should 
cultivate, and keep in the path marked out for us with per- 
si.stent and unc inquerable energy. Thus far we have shown an 
immet:se superiority over our opiwnents, because we arc self- 
contained, and they give way to temper. We are in the right 
and they are in the wrong. 

We must profit by the lessons which our enemies teach us. The 
warfare we are engaged in is not one of violence, at least on 
our side. The victories we gain must be moral ones. In theo- 
logy we have proved our superiority. Our unlettered youths 
have met men of cultivated and educated intellect.^ and van- 



quished them. But our gospel is not confined to what the 
world calls theology. It embraces all truth. There is nothing 
outside of it. It circumscribes every true principle and 
science. We have to meet our enemies at the present time on 
legal and political grounds, though we have not had much 
experience in these. Yet the same success that has crowned 
the labors of the Elders in the theological field will attend 
the people in these contests. I expect the day to come when 
the Latter-day Saints will stand at the head of the world in 
every branch of true education and knowledge. Year by year 
we are proving our strength and gaining confidence in our- 
selves, in our cause and in the God we worship. 



EARTH'S CREATTJRES. 



THE ELEPHANT. 



ALL our young friends have doubtless seen elephants, with 
their long trunks, or "noses," as some boys and girls call 
them. Some people have sat and wondered at the intelli- 
gence shown by these creatures when on exhibition in a circus. 
I expect many thought the elephants in Mr. Cole's circus, 
lately in Salt Lake, wonderful animals, performing whatever 
they were requited by their master. But these masters are 
careful at their shows to require nothing but what the ele- 
phants understand. It is very interesting, though, to see 
these huge animals performing their feats and it shows, to 
an observing person, that they possess a mind and can think 
and learn, and are capable of being instructed. 

In their wild state, elephants display a marked degree of 
sensibility. They are great lovers of their young. Buffon, 
the great naturalist, observes: 

"The elephant, once subdued, becomes the gentlest and 
most obedient of all animals: he attaches himself to his 
keeper, caresses him, warns him, and seems to know all that 
pleases him. He never mistakes his master's word, receives 
his orders with attention, executes them with prudence, with 
haste but without precipitation, for his movements are always 
deliberate." 

"Though the elephant has more memory and intelligence 
than any animal, he has a smaller brain than the greater part 
of them, compared with the size of his body. * * * 
The elephant is, at the same time, a miracle of intelligence and 
a monster of matter." 

The elephant is noted for his touch and smell, and, inas- 
much as the organs of touch and smell are both so closely 
combined in the trunk of the animal, he may be .said to have 
"his nose in his hand." Many writers have given us details 
of the intelligence of these creatures; of their power of retain- 
ing in memory, for a long period, an insult, and after it has 
probably been forgotten by the perpetrator, the elephant has 
sought its revenge. Such an instance is related by a Captain 
Smith, who placed between two .slices of bread and butter a 
tliick layer of cayenne pepper, and gave it to the unsuspect- 
ing elephant who put it in his mouth. Some six or eight 
weeks pas.sed before any demonstration wa.s made to retaliate 
the insult. At that time the captain was received with con- 
siderable attention as though the elephant had forgotten the 
injury long ago; but, all at once, the captain and his fine 
clothes were literally drenched by the elephant throwing water 
from his trunk. The animal had concealed his motive, and 





CTTJ'V^En^ILE IltTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



191 




had carefully watched his opportunity both for filling and 
emptying his trunk. 

A case is known in which a year elapsed between the insult 
and the revenge. In this instance the insulter fed the animal 
some food which was very repugnant to him; the animal at 
the time was carrying water, and dashed the bucket at the 
oiFender. About a year after the menagerie in which the ele- 
phant was traveling chanced to pass through the same town 
again; the elephant saw his insulter, dashed at him, whirled 
him in the air and he narrowly escaped with the loss of his 
coat-tails. 

Uncle Zeph. 



VARIETIES. 



SEAL-CATCHING. 




MANY people who, in the cold Winter months, are made 
comfortable by the articles of wearing apparel made 
from skins of seals, do not know what labor the procuring of 
these skins requires. Sometimes there is a great deal of sport 
connected with it, while at others the danger is not little. 

The Canadian Magazine is authority for the following 
description of this frequently remunerative employment: 

"When approaching a 'seal patch,' the excitement on ship- 
board may be imagined as the welcome whimpering of theyoung 
harp seals is hfard. Their cry has a remarkable resemblance to 
the sobbing or whining of an infant in pain, which is redoubled 
as the destroyers approach. Young hunters, who now apply 
their gaffs for the first time, are often almost overcome by their 
baby lamentations. Compassion, however, issoon gulped down 
The vessel is 'laid to,' the men eagerly bound over the ice and 
the work of destruction begins. A blow on the nose from the 
gaff stuns or kills the young seal. Instantly the 'sculping-knife' 
is at work; the skin with the fat adhering is detached with amaz- 
ing rapidity from the carcass, which is left on the ice, while the 
fat and skin alone are carried off. This process is called 'sculp- 
ing' — a corruption, no doubt, of scalping. The skin, or pelt, is 
generally about three feet long and two feet and a half wide, 
and weighs from thirty-five to fifty pounds. Five or six pelts are 
reckoned a heavy load to drag over rough or broken ice, some- 
times for one or two miles. If the ice is loose and open, the 
hunter has to leap from pan to pan. Fancy two or three hun- 
dred men on a field of ice carrying on this work. Then, what a 
picture the vessel presents as the pelts are being piled on deck to 
cool, previous to stowage below I One after another the hunters 
arrive %vith their loads and snatch a hasty moment to drink a 
bowl of tea and eat a piece of biscuit and butter. The poor 
mother seals, now cubless, are seen popping their heads up in the 
small lakes of water and holes among the ice, anxiously looking 
for their young." 

THE SEAS OF OUR GLOBE. 

We learn from an interesting work, by Dr. Otto Kummel, 
of Gottingen, the extent of the various seas of the earth: 

According to his calculations, the Atlantic Ocean has a super- 
ficies of 4(1,429,408 square miles; Indian Ocean, 4-5,4i'>2,040 square 
miles; Pacific Ocean, 99,897,917 square miles. Thus the total 
superficies of the three large oceans is 194.789,42-5 square miles. 
The Arctic Ocean has a superficies of 9,481,294 square miles. In 
the Arctic Ocean, Hudson Buy has a superficies of IjG:j,249 square 
miles, and the White Sea, 7,715 square miles; the Australian Sea, 
■5,112,491 square miles; Mediterranean, 1,789,029 square miles; 
Baltic, 257.589 square miles; Ked Sea, 273,944 square miles; Per- 
sian Gulf, 14f),8;',7 si]uare miles. Then come the seas that Dr. 
Kummel calls coast seas, namely; North Sea, 3:)9,52i'i square 



miles; Sea of Great Britain, 126,290 square miles; Sea of St. 
Laurent, 170,109 square miles; China Sea, 761,0:32 square miles; 
Japan Sea, 047,170 square miles; Sea of Okhotsk, 934,717 square 
miles; Behring Sea, 1,440,338 square miles; Sea of California, 
103, 678 square miles. The total superficies of these coastal seas 
is 4,523,460 square miles. Adding the Antarctic Ocean, the 
superficies of which is calculated at 12,690,236 square miles, the 
total superficies of all the seas is 231,91-5,905 square miles, while 
the total superficies of all the continents and islands of the globe 
is only 34,354,950 square miles. 



PARADISE: AN EASTERN 
LEGEND. 



TirHEN Alexander the Great had conquered the world, 
»' and penetrated into the remotest regions of India, he 
heard of Paradise, and determined to subdue that also. He 
was told that the river Hithehel led to it, and immediately 
ordered a fleet to be equipped to carry his troops thither; but 
previously dispatched a few vessels to procure information. 
When they had reached the garden of Paradise, his people 
found the gate shut, and before it an aged keeper of singular 
appearence, and with an extraordinary beard, whom they 
commanded to open the gate instantly for their master, as he 
was not far behind them. The hoary keeper smiled, and said 
he durst not admit him unless he could find means to weigh 
down a feather, which he herewith sent, when placed in the 
balance. The messenger was astonished, for he could not con- 
ceive how a small feather— since it was only a light and downy 
feather — could have weight, and concluded that the old man 
was jeering him. He nevertheless went and delivered the 
message. Alexander directed a balance to be brought, and it 
soon appeared that all the wood and stone, and silver and gold 
that could be laid in the scale, was not sufficient to counter- 
poise this little feather, which made everything that was 
brought fly quickly up, as though the greatest weight had 
been put down. Alexander, astonished at this magical effect 
sent once more to inquire what was the meaning of it. The 
man gravely answered that the feather signified Alexander's 
cupidity and ambition, which were light as down, and j'et so 
heavy that nothing could counterbalance them;— but he would 
tell him how the feather might be outweighed. "Let" said 
he "a handful of earth be laid upon it, and it will at once lose 
its extraordinary power." Alexander perceived the meaning 
and was deeply dejected. Soon afterward he died in Babylon, 
without having seen Paradise.— -^x. 



When quite a youth, Franklin went to London, entered a 
printing office, and inquired if he could get employment as 
a printer. "Where are you from?" inquired the foreman. 
'America," was the reply. "Ah," said the foreman, "from 
America! lad from America seeking employment as a printer! 
Well, do you really understand the art of printing? Can you 
set type?" Franklin stepped to one of the cases, and in a very 
brief space set up the following passage from the first chapter 
of the Gospel of St. John : ' 'Nathaniel saith unto him, can 
any good come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, come 
and see." It was done so quickly, so accurately, and contained a 
delicate reproof so appropriate and powerful, that it at once 
gave him character and standing with all in the office. 



193 



G'TJ'VTBn^XIL.E inSTSTIS/TJOTOI?/. 




LITTLE COMRADES, LET US WANDER. 



Moderato. 

^S-3 . Z.-2-ZX- 






Words and Music by Iorwerth. 









Lit - tie comrades, let us wander, Where the blossoms are so gay, And the buds shoot forth 









;g=it=t==q=t=:f?=ii-J 






-2j* — m^- 



z!*-^'=^' 



:^: = 



::^>=S^ 



tender. Now that winter s gone a - way. 



There we'll deck 



-■ta=*=J=l==:t!=t?=:l=t=tz=r;?: 



our heads with flow'rs 




our heads with 

— S-— S— -•-. 



There we will deck 



rp-^; 












p^»=qTe=r=>-,=q 



f — * +* — * it ^-F* — * — * — ^q **-^ — ^ — »A-^- 

!\.nd we'll build ourselves gay bowers Of the shrubs and flow'rs we find. 



^^=1i 



^ — ^ — I -^ ^ — ^ — I — y — y . 

flow'rs Of the sweetest, choicest kind, And we'll build ourselves gay bowers Of the shrubs and flow'rs we 



=C2=:t^ 









t:=:t?=U=t2: 









:i^i'«=S: 



La la la la la 



la la la la 



la la la 



la 






-q — 



la la la la 









— 5=^ 



-s- 



ii7 



la 



la 

-0 



la la 



la 






sil 



^ - - - ^ — ^^ — *— q —^ — — ^ — ^^ — •— q— •■ 1 < — ■ — • — -•— q— •] — « — « — ♦-- 



la 



la 



la la. la la 



•=:r=t:T===t==q=»r=»^»^=S=q-S::^gi=g- 

» * * * S~J~^ ^ 1? 8"— j — 1^ p p 



^ e 



:t=t=- 



la 

-m- 



It will be the sweetest pleasure 

That our vouhl' hearts can conceive, 
I'iokint' up eieh little treasure 

That the .sweot Spring to us gives; 
Clime, then, let us take a ramble, 

O'er the hills and fiir away, 
'Mont; the flowers, bush and bramble 

We will spend a happy day. 






la la la la 

.0 -m -m H« 



tJ 



^ 



-^--^-\^~\^z 



And, when weary with our rambling, 

We will sit and rest awhile. 
When we'll .soon be home reluming, 

Arm in arm, in rank and lile; 
Weary with our day of marching, 

And of picking flowers rare. 
In the arms of sleep reposing. 

We will dream of scenes most fair. 




The answer to the Charade published in No. 10 is Whip- 
Poor Will. Correct solutions have been received from 
Sophrona Larson, Brigham City; Willard Sorensen, Mendon; 
Julia Fackrell, Woods Cro.s,'-; I-abella P. Price, Mill Creek; 
William Brewer, Hennefer: L J. Holley. Springville; Wm. 
E. Gooch, Oxford, Idaho; B. J. Beer, Jr., Salt Lake City. 



vS>?>j- 



Let there be plenty of sunlight in your house. Don't be 
afraid of it. Ood floods the world with light, and it costs 
you an effort to keep it out. You want it as much as plants, 
which grow sickly without it. It is necessary to the health, 
spirits, good nature and happy influence. Let the sunlight 
stream freely in. 



^tff^ 




1852. 

BAIIV 



WAGOX 



1884. 
DEPOT. 



HAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
trade of 1883, one of the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
saie in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Public generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc. , etc. , all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank — Oak Ash and Hickory — to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



q^HE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
A by Daniel Tyler, Esq., has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the JtrvENiLE In- 
structor OflSce. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by ali 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
are, for cloth binding, $2,50: leather, $3.00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



■niALOGUES AND RECITATIONS, is a 
-L' work lately issued, containing a cullcction 
of home productions suitable for reciting in 
Sunday School Entertainments, Reviews or 
similar gatherings. 

The price of the book is 25 cents, sent to any 
address postpaid. 



■CARLY SCExNES IN CHURCH HIS- 
^ TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



SUBSCRIBE for the JUVENILE INSTRUC- 
O TOR. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapte to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volumepublished is as iuterest- 
ingnowas when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
mteresting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instructor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 
Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 60 eta. 

" - - - - six months, - - 1,00. 
" » u 

- - - - one year, - - 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, - . . jn half calf, 2,50. 
" two in one book, ----"---.-. 4 75, 

three "".... in doth, - . - . 7,00. 
Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 
01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyi-um Smith, Together with a Con- 
cise Review of the Most Prominent Incidents 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 1846. By LjTnan 0. Littleficld. P"or 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 cts. 



•QOOK binding, by an experienced 

JJ workman, in ail styles and at the lowest 

rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 

binding, and you can depend upon having 

them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

'T^HE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
-*■ at our last Semi- Annual Conference are 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 c nts, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE 
LIFE AiND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



DAVID JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water a 
Steam Fitter. 
Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron a 
Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 



No. 69 Main Street, 1 

Salt Lake City, Utah. / 



P. 0. Box i 
12-1 5tf 



tiTTTHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME 

■^ And there are no Boots and Shoes HI 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fa 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z C M. 
H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



7 ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTIL 
L, INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.-Our stoc 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Good 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., 
very comiplete. 

Carpets made and laid, and Upholstering don 
in the beat style, by experienced and compete: 
workmen. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



pENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to writ 
-1- Minutes of meetings in, or for Students 
lessons, at 15 ct., and 20 ct., The best an( 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order ii 
quantities for dealers with their own names print 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

O EPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on goo< 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand o 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Juvenili 
In.stritctor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their paper: 
Bound can send or bring them to the Juvknili 
Imsthuctor Office, and have them done in any style «n( 
upon the most reasonableterms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other I ..ips to 
the study of the scriptures— the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1..50, $1.75, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3.10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



"DACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
■*J completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volimes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



TV I ARTIAL BAND MUSIC.-We have for 
^^^ sale at this Office the .second set of music 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published by 
the Dcscrct Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



1860. ESTABLISHED 1860. 

DAVID O. CAIiDER, 

Salt Lake City, 

Importer, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
kinds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
MUSICAL MERCHANDISE. 

General Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
of the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
Whose organs are acknowledged, the world 
over, to be the very best made. Each one of 
the 1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
evidence of their durability and superior excel- 
lence. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
have been added lately to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
Are taking the first rank in this and other 
countries. The largest dealers are competing 
for the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
sold by me has given perfect satisfaction. 

W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
Are splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
warrauted. They exceed anything in the mar- 
ket at the price, and very much superior to 
many at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
Of Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
man, Dowling & Peck, and Bohr Bros. & Co. 

These Pianos are certainly the best of their 
class made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 

I am now prepared to fill ordere for all gi-ades 
9f music for Brass and Orchestral Bands, in- 
struction books for all instruments, how to ar- 
range for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
bands, drum-majors guide, etc., Published by 
J. W. Pepper, E. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
Fischer, and Thompson and Odell, at their 
prices. 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Okoan Instructors. PaMishen' mj Hailed 

Pn«s. PnMB. Prices. 

2 50 1 00 1 20 

2 50 1 25 1 50 

2 .^0 1 35 1 65 



White's School, 
Whitney's School, - 
Sudds' School, 

P/ANO Instructors. 
Sudds' School, 
Gordon's School, 
Rcllak's School, 



Blake's School, 



75 50 



30 



60 



.■?5 



- 3 25 2 50 2 75 

- 3 25 2 50 2 75 
75 45 55 

- 1 00 50 60 
75 40 50 

- - 1 00 45 60 
American Instructors for all 

Instruments, 
Winner's Instructors for all 

Instruments, - - 75 

Song Folio: 208 pages of 

the most Popular Songs, 

with I'iano or Organ Ac- 
companiment, ... 60 75 
Folio of Music, 208 pages: 

a maenificcnt collection 

of Music for Organ or 

Piano, ... 60 75 

Songs and Balladii: 100 

Songs and Music, new and 

popular, .... 10 12 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of all 
the above instruments can bo had on appli. 
cation. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 

and prompt attention. 



npiIE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 

FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds, 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promoting 
Series." Just issued and for sale at this 
OflBce. Price 25 cents. 



OCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
^ Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 

A N INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 

of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 



OGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. L, atOgden, 
Weber Co. — A Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise o.n hand, at bed rook prices. 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sears, Manager. 



"DRESIDENT HEBER C. KJMBALL'S 



r 



JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 



"Faith-Promoting Series," is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 



Z. C. M. I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Silits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices a^ the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



ESTABLISHKD 1897. 

FURNITURE.— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc. 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, Salt Lake 
City, Utah. 13-15 t f. 

'TU'RITINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 

STANDARD," is the title of a book of 

512 pages, which wo have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a gi-cat variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



JUST ISSUED 



O. PRATT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writings of 
this Great and Good Man, we have Printed them in Book 
Form, aud wUlsell this Work of 300 Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 75 cents per Single Copy. Postpaid. 



THE HAXD-BOOK 
REFERENCE. 



OF 



It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
criles the KeUgion and Country of the Saints, and contains 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Infoi'mation 
which are of great use to Tourists aud Residents. Price, 
Postpaid, 50 cent.s 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LYDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Publi^hed, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instuuctor Office, Salt Lake City. 



A NEW BOOK.— The Life op Nephi, 
-^~*- The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
known as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith- Promoting Skries. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents. 

yiON'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
^ INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfiimery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



T OGAN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., at Logan, 
l_y Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

B. S. Watson, Manager. 



PLURAL MARRIAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
Tkue veiwus False Religion, in which 
the principles df the gospel arc explained in a 
clear and plea.-^ing manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several non-"Mormorns" arc the actors. Price 
3 cts each or $3 25 per hundred, post paid. 



