
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15. 18G8. 



NO. G. 



THE T O "W E IE?. OIF L O nsT ID O IsT 



THE picture on this page represents the famous Tower of 
London, built in the heart of that city, in England. 
There are some very interesting and many very horrible circum- 
stances connected with this building. It is a very gloomy pile, 
occupying more ground than the Temple block in Salt Lake 
City, surrounded by strong walls which are mounted with 
cannon, ready to belch forth fire and balls on the city if there 



This water was drawn off in 1843, and the sloping ground 
planted with trees and laid out in walks. 

This tower has been occupied as a palace, a mint, a treasury 
and for other goverment offices; but its principal use has been 
for a state prison, for what are called political criminals. If 
you do not understand what political criminals are, you must 
ask your fathers and mothers to explain to you. Though 




should 1)0 any iiisurrfction or rebellion. 

The oldest part of this tower was erected by king William 
I, coniiiionly called William the enmiueror, in the year lu7S, 
nearly XdO years apo. It used to be Kurrounded by a deep 
moat, or canal, filled with water, over which were bridges, 
leading to tlic diirerciit gate.-,, wliicli were drawn up al'icT per- 
sons had passed over theiu, and hence were called drawbridges. 



some of them were wicked, yet many of them were very gnod 
rni'u and wotneii, who were guilty of nothing but opposing the 
will of wicked tyrants. They wished to do good to the jioor, 
to have righteous laws cnaeted and to see them justly adminis- 
tered, and fur this the wicked kings and <i[uceiis of Eng- 
land shut them ui) in this tower for months or years, in dark 
and gloomy dungeons, and then put most of thum to death. 



'J3l§^- 



■fe^^ti 



J"* 



W 



I 







""^ 



/vo- 



The mode of killing political prisoners was by cutting their 
heads off. The unfortunate man or woman was obliged to lay 
his or her head and neck on a block of wood prepared for the 
purpose, and then a man with a mask on his face took a broad 
axe, with a short handle, and chopped off the unfortunate 
prisoner's head. Sometimes the executioner would sever the 
neck at a single blow, but often he would have to strike several 
times. A great many, both men and women, were beheaded 
in the Tower of London; and some of them for only speaking 
about the wickedness of the king or some other great man. 
How thankful we should be to God that we have good, just 
and kind men to govern us, who do not take pleasure in cut- 
ting our heads oif, but who set us good examples, and tr}- to 
teach us to do right all the time. 

In the tower of London may be seen the block and ax with 
which Lady Jane Grey — one of the most virtuous and intelli- 
gent ladies of the age — was beheaded. Also the instrtiments 
of torture; such as the thumb screw, the rack, the scavenger's 
daughter, etc., which were used t© make prisoners confess. 
The Princess Elizabeth, afterwards queen of England, was 
imprisoned in this Tower by her sister Queen Mary, generally 
called Bloody JIary, because of the many people killed by her 
orders. Here may be seen the tower in whiih the Duke of 
Clarence was drowned in a butt of -nine, by order of his broth- 
er, Duke of Gloucester, afterwards Hichard III, who also had 
his two young nepliews murdered in the same place, so that he 
might succeed to the throne of England. There are arms and 
ammunition for 100,000 men kept constantly on hand and in 
order at the present time in the Tower; also specimens of 
ancient armor, curious weapons of war, the Queen's crown and 
state jewels, which are of great value. 

Let us all try to love God and be so virtuous and obedient, 
that He will always jireserve us in the enjoyment of civil and 
religious liberty, and bless us with good and wise men to lead 
and govern us. 



Xj I :p E o IP a- E o i^ (3 E 

STEIPITEZ^SOlNr. 



Taken from a lilllc work — Tin-; Wn-KV.T—puhUslicd (/>x the 
AinericcDi Tract ^'ocict^. 



GKAPn.I.Nri ^VITII DIKKICrLTIES — THE BOC- 
TIIE PRIZE OFFER. 



-A ruzzi.E- 



RETUllNING home, pay-rolls are to be examined pcrha])s, 
when eveiy item of expense must be accounted for; or 
drawings are to be made, or directions given, or letters 
written. 

Several young men were received into liis faniily, to be 
trained for engineer.';. A second wife, frugal, gentle and 
friendly, superintended his household. Their evenings were 
l)as,scd in study and conver.-ation, brightened by the genial 
humor of the remarkable man wliose genius drew tjiem to- 
pelher, and whose good-tempered pka.-antries relicvi-d tlie 
heavier ta;-ks of mind aTid b(i<l\. The eoniiiendium of all jiis 
instnictions was, learn for yourselves; think for yourselves; 
master principles; persevere; be industrious, and there is no 
fear for you. It is an indication of the value of these instruc- 
tions, that every young man train((l under him ro.se to 
eminent usefulne.s.s. "Ah," he sometimes .'•aid, on relating a 
bit of his own early history, "you don't knov what work is, 
these days." And yet work is work, all tin; world over. 

In spite of the hest Stephenson could do, the directors, 
looking at their unproductive capital, and not fully eomjirehend- 
ing all the d Ificullies to be ovcrcouic, sometimes urged 



b^*^' 



greater dispatch. "Now, George," said friend Cropper one 
day, "thou must get on with the railway; thou must really 
have it opened by the first of January next." 

"Consider the heavy nature of the works, sir," rejoined 
George, "and how much we have been delayed by want of 
money, to say nothing of the bad weather. The thing is im- 
possible." 

"Impossible!" cried Cropper, "I wish I could get Napoleon 
to thee; he would tell thee there is no such word as impossible." 

"Tush!" exclaimed George, "don't tell me about Napoleon. 
Give me men, money, and material, and I'll do what Napoleon 
couldn't do — drive a railroad over Chat Mo.ss." 

He might have retorted more significantly, by asking the 
directors what they meant to do; for Liverpool was tunnelled, 
and Chat Moss railed, before they could agree what kind of 
power to put on it. There were some who insisted upon using 
horse-power; but the majority thought that was out of the 
question. Meeting after meeting was held, debate followed 
debate, and the whole body became more and more puzzled as 
the road itself neared completion. 

Some kind of machine, but what? ah, that was the question. 
You would naturally have thought, a locomotive of course. 
But no; since I'arliameut opposition raged against it, steam 
had lost ground in the pubhe estimation, and it was very slow 
in getting back to favor. Locomotives, or traveling engines 
as they were called, were hid in a cloud of doubts. And more 
than ever since the Parliament del 'ates. They were dangerous, 
they were frightful, "they could never go fast enough," their 
utmost speed would not be ten miles an hour. Some of the 
most distinguished engineers would give no opinion of them 
at all. They had none. It was certainly hard to patronize 
them, in spite of their indifference, and jiossibly their sneers. 
Ceitainly, if the poor locomotive depended upon their verdict, 
its fate was sealed. One staunch friend remained. Stephenson 
stood' faithfully by "Pufling Billy," puffing away in his far off 
Northumberland home. He never flinched advocating its 
principles, and urged the directors to try one on the road. They 
at last ordered one to be built, one that would be of service to 
the company, and no great nuisance to the public. It was 
built, and excellent service it did, drawing marl from the cut- 
tings and excavations to fill up the bogs and hollows. Never- 
theless, it settled nothing, and convinced nobody not already 
convinced. 

Jleaiiwbile the directors were deluged with projects, plans, 
and ailvice for running their road. Scheme upon scheme was 
let loose upon them. Some engines to go by water-power; 
some by gas; some by cog-wheels. All the engineering science 
in the kingdom was ready to engineer for them, in its own way; 
but who, among ail, could pronounce the best way, and upon 
the whole, decide which was the right motive power? 

A deputation was dispatched to Darlington and Stockton 
to inspect the locomotive engines employed on that road. But 
the deimtation came back differing so among themselves, that 
the directors were more puzzled than ever. Two professional 
engineers of high reputation were then sent, who on their 
return reported in favor of fixed engines — for safety, speed, 
economy, and convenience, fixed engines, by all odds; reiterat- 
ing again and again all the frightful stories of danger and 
annoyance charged upon steam. They proposed dividing the 
road into nineteen .stages, of a mile and a half in length, 
and having twenty-one .stationary engines at different points to 
push and draw the trains along. The plan was carefully 
n)atured. 

Poor Stephenson! how did he feel? "Well," he said, with 
the calm earnestness of a man of faith, "one thing I know, 
that bi'foro many years r-.iilroads will become the great high- 
ways of the world." 



ii^ 



;^^ 



Cr XT "^ E J^ I L E! 
VC>|. 3 No- 6 

Could the directors accept a project without consulting liim? 
Again they met. What had he to say concerning it? Fight it 
he did. He dwelt upon its complicated nature, the liability of 
the ropes and tackling to get out of order, the failure of one 
engine retarding and damaging and stopping the whole line — a 
phase of the matter which did not fail to make an impression. 
The directors were moved. The rich quaker Cropper, however, 
heeded the stationary-engine party, and insisted upon adopting 
it. "But," answered the others, "ought we to make such an 
outlay of money without first giving the locomotive a fair trial?" 
And Stephenson pleaded powerfully, as you may suppose, in 
its behalf. "Try it, try it," he urged; "for speed and safety 
there is nothing like it." And the words of a man with strong 
faith are strong words. "Be.sides," he said, "the locomotive is 
capable of great improvements. It is young yet; its capacities 
have never been thoroughly tested. When proper inducements 
are held out, a superior article will be offered to the public." 

Never were directors in a greater strait. There was no with- 
standing Stephenson; for he knew what he was talking about. 
All the rest were schemers. At last one of the directors said, 
"Wait; let us offer a prize for a new locomotive, built to an- 
swer certain conditions, and see what sort of engine we can get. " 

That was fair. It was right his engine should be properly 
tested. All agreed; and in a few days proposals were issued 
for the building of one. There was eight conditions, two of 
which were, that if the engine were of six tons weight, it 
should be able to draw twenty tons at a speed as high as ten 
miles an hour. The prize was five hundred pounds. 

The offer excited a great deal of attention, and many people 
made themselves merry at its expense. The conditions were 
absurd, they said; nobody but a set of fools would have made 
them. It had already been proved impossible to make a 
locomotive engine to go at ten miles an hour, and one gentleman 
in his heat even went so far as to say, that if it ever were done, 
he would undertake to eat a stewed engine wheel for his break- 
fast. As that condition was answered, it is to be hoped he was 
generously relieved from his rash and indigestible dish. 

More candid minds turned with interest to the development 
of this new force struggling into notice. Stephenson felt how 
much depended on the issue. And the public generally con- 
cluded to suspend its verdict upon the proper working of rail- 
ways, until time and talent gave them better means of 
judging. 

To be Continued. 



HISTOID. "y OIP CTESTJS. 






43 



CHAPTER XIII. 

WHEN instructing his followers, Jesus frequently called 
himself the shepherd and those who received his teach- 
ings, the sheep. At one time, he said to his di-sciplcs "Other 
sheep I have who arc not of this fold." Jesus was alluding to 
a people who at that very time, was living on this western 
continent, but his disciples did not know what he meant, for 
they were entirely ignorant of any peojjle except those on what 
we call the Eastern Hemisphere. If tiiey had asked Jesus, he 
probably would have told them; but they did not ask. 

The last words of Jesus in praying to his Fatlicr, were, as 
he hung upon the cross, "lleceive my spirit." and after his spiiit 
left the body, he went immediately to his Father. His Father 
did receive him to His bosom, and no human heart, in this 
state of mortality is capable of fully ap|ireciating the transcen- 
dent joy of that glorious meeting of Father and Son. The 
Son had done the work that was given him to do, and the 
Father was satisfied. 



During the three days that the body of Jesus lay in the 
tomb, he was not idli. Then it was that he went and preached 
to the spirits in prison, the spirits of people who had lived on 
the earth — who had been rebellious, and had died without obey- 
ing the gospel. Jesus went and preached the gospel to them, 
and those that received it could, according to the order of the 
gospel, be baptized for by some of the Saints who were then 
living in the flesh. It is on the same principle that some of 
the Latter-day Saints have been baptized for the dead. The 
Apostle Paul, in writing to some of the ancient Saints who got 
into darkness and doubted whether there would be any resur- 
rection, said, "Then why are we baptized for the dead, if the 
dead rise not?" 

At the period of time when Jesus lived and died and was 
resurrected on the eastern continent, the people of that country 
had no knowledge of the Western Hemisphere containing the 
continent of America. 

Although on this portion of the earth the garden of Eden 
was ijlanted, where Adam and Eve, our first parents, were placed 
^hen they came to colonize the world in the morning of its 
creation; through the many changes that had taken place, the 
earth had been divided — the two continents had been separated, 
and a mighty ocean was flowing between them. 

We read in the Bible that the earth was divided in the days 
of Peleg, which was several generations before the day of 
Abraham. But we have no knowledge of the circumstances 
which occasioned the separation. We learn from tlie ancient 
prophets, as recorded in the Bible, that in the last days, these 
continents will be again united, and the water which now separ- 
ates them will be turned back into the north. 

The Book of jMornion gives us histories of people at different 
periods inhabiting this country, who, while they lived in the 
fear of the Lord and worked righteousness, were greatly 
blessed, and when they turned away from Him and went into 
iniquity were punished with wars and pestilences, and in some 
instances utterly destroyed. The descendants of Lehi, who 
came from Jerusalem six hundred years before the birth of 
Jesus, were the inhabitants of this western country at the time 
of his birth. They brought the records of their fathers, con- 
taining the words of the ancient prophets who foretold the 
coming of Jesus to die for the redemption of the world; and 
when they kept the commandments of God, He spoke to them 
and instructed them through prophets and inspired men in 
their midst. These prophets, who were greatly beloved and 
respected by the good, were hated, persecuted and held in 
derision by the wicked, and when they boldly declared the 
truths of God and called on the people to repent, the wicked 
were so enraged that they were often obliged to flee from place 
to place for the preservation of their lives. 

As the time drew near when Jesus was to be born, it seemed 
that Satan exerted all his power to stir up the hearts of the 
people to madness against the prophets whom God inspired to 
testify of it, and against all those who believed their words. 
There was one prophet by the name of Samuel, a Lamanite, 
who was commanded to warn the inhabitants of the city Zara- 
henda of the awful judgments that would be poured out upon 
them if they did not speedily repent. E. R. S. 



ittle cl 



laj). 



the other dav, as he came 

load! 

r 



"0 PAP.v!" said a 
home from .school, "I am next to head!" "Ah! and how 
many are there in the class, Freddy?" "Tiro.' 

''Swear not at all." Lay aside all by- words which seem 
harmless in themselves. Such words not only savor of profan- 
ity, but they are always ungrammatical and inelegant. A true 
gentleman, or a true lady, uses no such by-words. 



9r^ 



"^ 




^"\ ~ 4^ 



I ,' 



J" TJ ^ E :^ I L E IInTSTI^TJOT'OI^. 



f ■ 



<»^. 



€B$ ffttficitil^ ittsfracfop. 



^ 



^ 



MAECII 1 5, 18C8. 






ll^E wi.-.h to say a few words to parents in relation to the 
T I early habits and associations of their children. The 
importance of this subject cannot be too highly estimated, 
for it is as true as that darkness follows the setting 
sun that the early habits and associations of the child very 
materially affect and develop the character of the man. It 
may be, and doubtless is, true that the characters and di.sposi- 
tious of parents have their influence upon their cliildren, but 
much more so their early associations and the training they 
receive. 

Take, for instance, two children soon after birth, one the 
child of dissolute and dishonorable parents, the other the off- 
spring of the good and the honorable, and let the latter child 
be reared amid .scenes of vice and crime, surrounded by those 
who disregard truth and every virtuous and honorable precept, 
and nothing short of a miracle could prevent such a child from 
becoming dissolute and depraved. But let the other be reared 
under circumstances of a totally opposite character — where 
regard for truth is invariable and where esaniiilcs worthy of 
imitation are continually before him, and it would be perfectly 
as natural for the latter child to become a worthy and honorable 
member of society as for the former to become tlie contrary. 
A'ery few persons, if any, wlio have had any experience in life, 
and who have made any use of their powers of observation 
will attempt to controvert the truth of the position here 
assumed, hence the very great necessity for care and circum- 
spection on the part of parents in watching the associations 
and forming the habits of their cliildren. Many an individual, 
naturally good, doubtless now deplores the evils to which he 
finds himself addicted, and which are nearly if not altogether 
the result of early education, or rather tlie want of it. 

Children are close ob.servers, and their powers of imitation 
are among the first called into action, while their minds — like 
rich and virgin soil, will as readily bring forth ten, twenty or a 
hundred fold of tares as wheat, of thorns as roses. Many 
parents .seem to have but a faint idea of the weighty responsi- 
bilities devolving upon them from the moment they have a 
right to that much coveted title. 

How much the usefulness and happiness of their children 
through life de|)er.d upon the training they receive in child- 
hood and youth! and as happiness and virtue are insejjarable, 
and, with jiropcr training, are as easily attainable as their 
opjiosite, it .should be the incessant aim of all jiarents to give 
their children such a training as will preserve tliem from evils 
into which they, tlirough ignorance, may have fallen, and pre- 
pare tiiem for lives of usefulness and honor. We do not make 
these remarks because we deem them uprrlalhi ajijjlicable to, 
or neccs.'iar}' among our people, but our solicitude for the 
welfare of the young is our only ajiology for offering them. 



I NEVER knew a disobedient boy or girl who became either 
good or great. I never knew cliildren to turn aw.ay frum the 
adviee of their ]iarents, and "do as they pleased,'' but they 
found the epd of theii doings trouble and .sorrow. Children, 
obey your parents. 



5c^ 



FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



Tlepuhlished from No. 4. with their answers: — 

111. Who of the Prophet Joseph's relatives abused him and 
offered him personal violence? 

His lirother, William Smith. 

112. "What peculiarity was manifest in Joseph's letter to him, 
when he requested to have his apostleship taken from him? 

Nobility of character, and godliness breathed in every line. 

11.'?. During what winter did Joseph and the leading elders 
study Hebrew? 

The winter of 1835-6. 

114. What was manifest soon after this among many of the 
elder.s? 

Sensitiveness on many points, and jealousy lest they should 
not be honored and respected as much as they thought they 
were entitled to. 

11.1. When did Joseph imd his counselors first meet in the 
Kirtland Temple, to attend to the ordinances of washing and 
anointing? 

On the 21st of January, 183fi. 

11(3. What were opened to them during the meeting? 

The visions of eternitj' were opened to them, and holy angels 
ministered unto them, and the power of the Highest rested 
upon them. 

117. When was the house of the Lord in Kirtland dedicated? 

On Sunday, March 27th, l.S.'KJ. 

lis. What holy ortliuauce was attended to on the Wednesday 
following? 

The ordinance of the washing of feet. 

119. What was the result of the endowment which the elders 
there received? 

It caused the work of God to take a mighty stride, and from 
that time the preaching of the gospel took a much wider range. 

120. What glorious things were revealed to Joseph on the 
Sunday following? 

The heavens were opened to him and Oliver Cowdery and 
the glories thereof were shown unto them, with much that is 
highly interesting to read. 



^OtC«5IIO)t&ttW«. 



Payson, February 21st, 1808, 

Editor Jm'cnile Inatrucior: 

Dear Sik, — I thought I would send you the following, clip- 
ped from an old paper, for the Juvknile In.structor, if you 
think it worth inserting; for it is seldom that one sees so much 
valuable matter contained in .so brief a space. A. S. H. 



Three little words you often see 

Are artieles, — a, an, .and the; 

A noun's the name of any thing, — 

As school, or garden, hoop, or swing. 

Adjectives tcU the kind ot noun,^ 

As groat, small, pretty, white, or brown; 

Instead of nouns the pronouns stand, — 

Her head, his face, your arm, my hand; 

Verbs tell of something to be done, — 

To read, count, sing, laugh, jump or run; 

How things are done the adverbs tell, — 

As slowly, ijuickly, ill, or well; 

Conjunctions join the words together, — 

As men and women, wind or weather; 

Thr" preposition stands before 

A noun, — as in, or through, a door, 

The Interjection shows surprise; 

As Oh! how pretty; ah! how wise; 

The whole are called Nine parts of speech, 

Which reading, writing, speaking, teach. 



T'if^ 



\^9 




J- IT "^r E ItT I H. E 
Mc Co 



IIsrSTI^XJOTOI^. 



45 



im: o xj nsr T Tjs^boi^; 



A< ? 



OUR little friends who read the Bible (and we hope they all 
do) no doubt feel a deep interest in the land which the 
Lord gave to Israel. That land which God promised to his 
servant Abrahatu for an everlasting possession when He called 
him from the idolatrous house of his fathers. The land to 
which Mo.ses guided the wanderings of the Hebrews, when by 
the power of Jehovah he delivered them from the bondage of 
Pharaoh. That same land where Saul and David reigned, 
where Solomon built that glorious house of the Lord, where 
the high priests ministered in holy things, and the prophets 
proclaimed the future history of the world. Above all, that 
land where Jesus, our Savior, was born, to whose people he 
declared the words of life, and outside the wall of whose chief 
city he was offered a sacrifice for the sin of the world. 

In the course of its long history, this land has been known 
by many changing names. To the Hebrews, toiling beneath 
their inhuman taskmasters in Egypt, it was the land of Prom- 
ise. To Joshua and his invading hosts it was known as Canaan; 
some of the children of Canaan, the son of Kam, having set- 
tled in that country. In the time of our Savior it was divided 

into Judea, Samaria and . ^ 

Galilee of the Gentiles. __^ 

To the Crusaders, who, „^-^" 

twelve hundred years ^—^ 
afterwards, sought t o — 
wrest the possession of - -^ 
its soil from the Saracens, 
t became the Holy Land, 
. which every mountain 
a..i valley, grove and city 
was a sacred spot, and 
Jerusalem its Holy of 
Holies. To-day we term 
it Palestine, and acknow- 
ledge it as part of the 
possessions of the Sultan 
of Turkey. For at this 
time strangers sit in the 
gates of its favored cities, 
and the gentiles rule 
where once Israel reigned. 
Will this be always so? 
No> (lod gave this land 
to Israel for an everlasting possession, and his jiromises will 
not fail. The day draws nigh when His chosen people will 
again inhabit their ancient homes; when they will rebuild the 
waste places, and the now desert land will regain its ancient 
fertility. Its fountains of water will burst forth and its streams 
increase, while its hill sides will grow rich with the vine, and 
its valleys white with grain. 

Thinking that views of some portions of this land would 
plea.se our readers we insert to-day an engraving of Mount 
Tabor, with a promise that others shall follow. 

This mountain is, in many rcfjiects, the most remarkable in 
Palestine. It stands alone on the north cast border of the 
jiliuij of Jezreel or Esdraelon. The former being tlie Hebrew, 
and the latter the Greek name for the (ilain. It i.s about JSOO 
feet high, and from its summit can be obtained a very extensive 
and mo.st beautiful view of tlie surrounding country. It is 
climbed through thickets of oak bru.sh and thorns, among 
which on its level summit are open gra.ssy glades, "among 
whose thick, flower-si)ang]ed herbage, coveys of partridges 
nestle and gazelles browse." I'his summit is an oval plain, 
about a (juarter of a mile in extent, partly covered with the 
substantial remains of ancient i'ortilicatious and other ruins. 



^ 




Seen from the north west this mountain resembles a dome; 
seen from the east it looks like a long arched mound. 

Mount Tabor was imagined by some to be the "high moun- 
tain" on to which Jesus took Peter, James and John when he 
was transfigured before them. But Tabor's busy summit was 
then no place for such an endowment, as a walled city covered 
its level area both before those days and long afterwards. 
Jesus cho.se some place, whei-e in the midst of solitude, where 
no human eye could discover, or footsteps disturb, he could 
confer the mysteries of the kingdom upon those three apostles. 
Still, long after his day churches and convents were built theie, 
and pilgrimages made to this holy mountain, and few doubted 
but that this was the place of that glorious appearing. 

On the plain below, sometimes in the shadow of this mount, 
were many of the greatest victories gained and defeats suffered 
by Israel. It was the natural battle ground of the swarms of 
invaders who came from the nations of the east to swallow up 
the Hebrews. Here Barak fought the great battle which 
inspired the triumphal hj'mn of Deborah. Here the hosts of 
Midian fell beneath "the sword of the Lord and of Gideon." 
Almost on this same ground Saul and Jonathan fell, when 
Israel was discomfited by the armies of the Philistines. And 
=— so on down to the pres- 
ent day, when Napoleon 
led the legions of Prance 
past this plain in his vain 
attempt to subdue Syria. 
This plain has also 
other associations besides 
that of being a great 
battle field. Many of the 
now squalid and half 
ruined villages are full of 
interest to Bible readers. 
A few miles to the south 
of Tabor lies En dor, 
known as the place where 
Saul, bereft of the Spirit 
of God; souglit to pry 
into the future through 
the medium ot' a woman 
known in the Bible by 
j^g,>»._jgr=" the name of the witch of 
jui. '-^.un J^ ^Lg*~ Endor. Here the Proph- 
0!i'S><«^^^*"-'~"'^ et Samuel revealed to 
him his deleat and death at the hands of the Philistines on 
the morrow. Near by is Nain, at whose gate Jesus met the 
.sorrowing widow bearing her only son to the grave. Here 
Jesus stopped the sad procession and told the dead j'outh to 
arise and live; to comfort with his life the heart of his widowed 
mother. And to the north east of Tabor lies Nazareth, the 
home of Joseph the carpenter, and his wife Mary, the mother 
of Jesus; in which city, the Savior, amidst the rest of tho 
family, spent his boyhood days. G. K. 



ITliMlLITr, — A farmer went with his son into a wheat field, 
to see if it was reaily for the harvest. "See, father!" exclaimed 
the boy, "how stiaigiit tliese stems hold up their lieads. 'I'iiey 
must be the best ones. Tiiose that hang their heads down, I 
am sure, cannot be good for mucii." 

Tho father i)lucked a stalk of each kind, and said, "See 
here, foolish child! This stalk that stood so straight and high 
is light-headed, the grain in it being shrunken, and almost 
good for nothing, while this that hung its head so modestly 
is I'ull of the mo.-it beautiful grain." 




46 a-TJ"VEI^II-.E IltTSTI^XJCTOI?.. 



M 



..L_ 



.V' 




l^oup 



J'o)' ;/ie Jucciiile Instructor. 



IN TKOmLE. 




a true stokt. 
[second part.] 

N Mondays the master always cut out the tops, or the 
uppers of the shoes that had to be made during the week; 
and this generally took all day on Monday; and while he was 
cutting them out the new acquaintance closed them and the 
kind mistress bound them, then they were ready for the bot- 
toms to be put on them. 

Little George had to sit on his seat until nearly dinner time 
before any work was ready for him to do; and he felt very tired 
of waiting, for he was anxious to be doing something, or else 
to be out of doors playing, or doing just as he pleased; for he 
was like many little boj'S that I am acquainted with in Utah, 
he would rather do just what he had a mind to do than to be 
obliged to do what somebody else told him. He felt pleased 
with his leather apron, and thought that he would soon be a 
man, for he was determined to do his best to learn his trade, 
and he felt as though he would surprise his master and kind 
mistress when he began to work, for he felt that he could do 
any kind of work the master gave him. 

"Now George," said the master, "do you think you can 
close up a seam?" 

"I don't know, I think I can." 

"But you have nothing to sew it with. Can you make a 
thread to sew it with?" 

Little George's new acquaintance had been making threads 
to do the closing of the tops with, and George had watched 
him, and thought, "how easy it is to do that; that's nothing to 
do; I can do that I know." So he answered his master very 
readily that he could make a thread. 

"Well, now, I think you are a very clever boy, here's a ball 
of hemp, now make a nice, smooth thread of three strands." 

Little George measured out two lengths as far as he could 
stretch his arms apart; as he had seen his new acquaintance 
do, and then he untwisted the thread by rubbing it between 
his right hand and his knee and broke the hemp in two. 

"Now, be careful and break the nest thread of hemp a very 
little longer, so that each end of your sewing thread shall have 
a sharp, tapering point to put the bristle on." 

He measured another thread, and broke it off carefully, and 
then another, and his three strands of hemp were broken off. 
Now he had to twist them together between his right hand 
and his knee, and then he pulled it through his hand, as he 
had seen his new acquaintance do, and twisted it again on the 
other end until he had put all the twist in it that was necessary. 

Now came the waxing of the thread, which was not so easily 
done as the making of the thread. The piece of wax that was 
put on George's seat was too large, and the master broke a 
piece off it and made it just right for his hand. He novr com- 
menced to wax the thread in good earnest, as he had seen the 
new acquaintance do; but at the first motion that he made to 
draw the thread through the wax in his hand, it stuck fast, 
and George, being a pretty sirong boy, pulled on it until the 
wax broke in many pieces and it flew all around. He was not 
discouraged at this mishap, but ho gathered up the pieces, and 
put them together acain as well as he could. The wax was 
( old and he should have warmed it in his hand before he began 



to use it. His master showed him how, and he worked at it 
with his hands until he got it, as he thought, just right, and 
took up the thread again, determined this time to wax it. 

He now held on to the wax which moulded itself to his 
hand, and drew the thread through it first rate, and felt quite 
glad that he could do it so well; but when he tried to open 
his hand after the thread was waxed, he found that his fingers 
were fast together, and the inside of the palm of his hand 
was one mass of soft, sticky shoemaker's wax. He was now 
perfectly stuck, and could not proceed further with the making 
of his thread until he had got the wax off his hand. 

His master laughed, the new acquaintance laughed, and the 
kind mistress, just coming into the room to do the binding of 
the tops, saw how her little favorite was puzzled and waxed 
up; for as soon as he found himself fast with one hand, he 
tried to get the wax off with the fingers of the other, until 
both hands became stuck up with wax, and it still became 
worse and worse, for the heat of his hands made the wax still 
more sticky. He could do nothing now but hold his hands 
away from him, and he was quite helpless and unable to get 
himself out of the trouble that he had ignorantly got into. 

When he was waxing the thread he should have loosened 
the wax in his hands, and turned it over every now and then, 
and thus he would have kept it from sticking to his hand. 
This he did not do, and the master did not think of it, being 
busy, or perhaps, he would have told him. 

There he sat, and did not know what to do, and the master 
and new acquaintance laughed until tears were in their eyes, 
and George became vexed and very much plagued, until tears 
came into his eyes, and he was pretty near bursting out into a 
bawl, had not the kind mistress come to his aid, and coniforted 
him. She told him to put his hands in the water in the shop 
tub, and, while they were wet, get the wax off his hands as well 
as he could. 

He worked at getting the wax off for nearly an hour, and in 
some places on his hands he had actually pulled some of the 
skin oft'. While he was engaged in getting his hands clean in 
the shop tub, he wished that he had never left his poor-house 
home, or that he might go and live with the kind lady, and 
his dear, little sister, and not be obliged to make shoemaker's 
threads, and get his hands stuck up in that way, and his tears 
mingled with the waters of the shop tub, and he hated wax, 
and shoemaker's threads, and he did not like his master nor 
new acquaintance one bit for laughing at him, but he loved 
his kind mistress more and more for the sympathy she had 
shown him in this little, sticky trouble. 

His kind mistress had brought up stairs a little butter, in 
the mean time, and when George had got all the wax off his 
hands he could in the shop tub, she anointed them with butter, 
and in this way, after a long time, his hands were clean again, 
and he forgave those who had laughed at him in his trouble, 
and he loved his kind mistress in his heart. 

JMy dear little friends, learn a lesson from this portion of 
our simple history, never make merry over the troubles and 
sorrows of others; but if you can, give them aid and comfort, 
and you wdl earn their everlasting gratitude. 

Uncle Georgk. 
{To Le Continued.) 



HujiANin": — Youth is the proper season to cultivate the 
benevolent and humane affections. Never sport with pain or 
distress in any of your anmsemonts, or treat even the meanest 
insect with wanton cruelty. 



LTnfricnded, indeed, 
point out his foUies. 



he who has no fiiend bold enough to 






, , cr TJ "V" E 3^ I L E 







ffttcl^ iSr^gor^'g Wfeil^, 



JTs)' the Juvenile Instructor, 

"VISIT -^.zk: . 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

SABBATH, the sweet day of rest, passed calmly and happily, 
the pleasure of meeting with the brethren, singing the 
praises of God, partaking of the sacrament and bearing your 
testimony, enjoying the sweet influence of the Holy Spirit, 
after a week of toil amongst unbelievers and scofiers of new 
revelation, were indeed pleasui-es which a Saint could enjoy. 
Such were papa's reflections as he arose on Monday morning a 
free man, having no one to ])lease but himself, and free from 
the fear of being late to business or of displeasing his "Boss;" 
but still the inquiry would suggest itself, what am I going to do 
next to gather means to emigrate to Zion? His family bowed 
in prayer, and he asked his heavenly Father to open up the 
way that they might gather with the Saints. After breakfast, 
the girls had cleared away, swept the room and dusted the 
furniture. 

"Papa," said Mary, "you have a holiday to-day; take us to 
Greenwich park, and let us visit the hospital. You have 
promised us a treat; but you have always been so busy; now 
you have not anything to do, let us enjoy a trip." 

Papa loved his little girls, and was always willing to gratify 
them whenever he could do so. Telling them to got ready, he 
piepared to take them. They walked down to London bridge 
to the steamboat. It was a lovely morning, and the streets 
were full of people, most of whom seemed to be in a hurry. 
In large cities the houses are all built together in rows, forming- 
numerous streets. There are some few squares, a few trees, 
and a grass plat encircled by iron railings, surrounded by 
houses. The sidewalks are flagged with flat stones, forming 
a pavement curbed with granite and a gutter to carry of the 
rain, etc., so that the streets are very clean and very pleasant 
to walk on. In the .shop windows are displaj'ed the goods for 
sale, everything to gratify the taste and to please the eye. 
Then there is the continual roar of the omnibuses, carriages 
and carts, as they move in a dense mass backward and for- 
ward over the macadamized roads. The continual stream of 
people that are rapidly passing and repassing is quite confusing 
to any one that is not used to it. This commences at daybreak 
and continues until after midnight. Papa and the girls reached 
London bridge, and there, on the river Thames, lay the steam 
boats waiting for their cargo of passengers to take them down 
the river. They went on board of a boat called the "Star," 
and were soon steaming down the river. These boats were 
propelled by means of two largo paddle wheels, worked by 
steam. The engine and other machinery were in the middle of 
boat, and the paddle wheels were on each side. At the back of 
the boat stood the man at the helm, who guided the boat by 
means of a wheel, attached to a large rudder. At the head of 
the boat was the figure of an admiral, carved in wood. There 
was an awning stretched over the deck, to give shelter from the 
sun, and tw<j cabins for refrc^shiuents. 1'here was a band of 
music on board, which jdaycd such lively music that little Ellen 
said she shoulil like to dance to it. On either side of the river 
were ships from all nations, unloading the various articles 
of commerce they had brought to help feed the busy millions 
that lived iuthat overgrown city. All was lil'e and motion. Here 



^^'1 



was a vessel being towed down the river out to sea, to go on a 
trip to some foreign shore. Hundreds of small boats, engaged 
on pleasure and business, were plying up and down the river. 
Now, they would pass a ship builder's yard, where iron ships 
were being made, and the sound of the busy hammer, as they 
fastened the rivets, would sound upon the ah-, making a deafen- 
ing noise. The girls were very interested as papa explained 
the various works on the river's side. At last they reached 
Greenwich pier, and here they landed and walked up into the 
park, and took a seat under one of the stately old elms that 
grew around. 

(To be Continued.) 






1= I?. O 1= H E T . 



THE 




ivGt*^^^ ^>(£\ BOUT four hundred and ninety-one per- 
tvs^M.^\S^^Sy^-^ sons held claims against Missouri. 
These Joseph had presented to Congress. 
These claims amounted, in all, to one 
million, three hundred and eighty-one 
thousand and forty-four dollars and fifty- 
one and a half cents. But they were not 
all. There was a multitude of similar bills 
which were to be presented, and respecting 
which Joseph said, "if not settled immedi- 
ately, they will ere long amount to a handsome 
sum, increasing by compound interest. ' ' Becom- 
ing satisfied that there was very little use for 
him to tarry to press the just claims of the 
Saints on the attention of the President and 
Congress, Joseph only remained thero a few days. 
He left Wa,shington in company with Brother 0. P. 
^<^ ^^ Rockwell and Doctor Foster. Brother Higbee stayed 
xp^<a at Washington to have further interviews with the 
* Congressional committee. But his efforts were una- 

vaiHng. The committee reported against Congress doing 
anything about the business; but that redress could only be 
had in the Missouri courts and legislature. 

If a robber were to attack a man and steal all he had and 
beat him, a magistrate would be looked upon as crazy who 
would tell the man to go back to the robber for redress. 
He would not long be suffered to hold the position of a magis- 
trate. Yet, children, this was what Congress said to the Saints. 
The people of Missouri had plundered and driven them out of 
the State; the Governor had issued an order that they must 
leave or all be exterminated or killed, and yet Congress said 
they must go to Missouri to obtain their rights! 

Joseph traveled to Dayton, Ohio, by railroad and stage. 
There he found the horses they liad left on the journey to 
Washington. Brother liockwell st<)i)ped at Dayton, and Joseph 
and Doctor Fo.ster left on hor.scback. The traveling was very 
bad, and they could not travel fast. "On Wednesday, March 
4th, 1S40," Josei)h writes, "I arrived safely at Nauvoo, after 
a wearisome journey, tiirougli alternate snows and niml, having 
witnessed many vexatious movements in government officers 
whose solo object sliould be the jieace and iirosperity of the 
whole peoiilc; but I discover tliis, that popular clamor and 
personal aggrandizement are the ruling principles of those in 
authority; and my heart faints within me when I see by the 



J) 



'^^% 



.3^9^- 



•iS 



cr u ^r E itT I L E 






visions of tlie Almighty, the end of this cation, if she contin- 
ues to disregard the cries and petitions of her virtuous citizens, 
as she has done, and is now doing." 

In speaking about the re'usal of tlie Government to grant 
the Saints the justice for wliich they asived, Joseph said: 
"Since Congress has decided against us, the Lord has begun 
to vex this nation, and he will continue to do so, except they 
repent; for they now stand guilty of murder, robbery and 
plunder, as a nation, because they have refused to protect their 
citizens, and to execute justice according to their own Consti- 
tution.'' 

On the r>(h and Tth of April, ]S4n. a conference was held at 
Nauvoo. Josejih was there and presided over the conference. 
He gave much instruction. Frederick U. Williams came before 
the conl'erence and humbly asked forgiveness for his conduct, 
and expressed his determination to do the will of God in future. 
He was forgiven, and was received into fellowship. Elders 
Orson Hyde and John E. Page Tvei-e appointed by the con- 
ference to go on a mission to Jeiusalem. They started from 
Nauvoo on the 15th of April, 1840. , 

In July, 1840, some Missourians crossed over into Hancock 
county, Illinois, and kidnapped four of the brethren and 
carried them off to Missouri. They hung one of them until 
he was nearly dead, whipped the others and otherwise ill-treated 
them. As soon as the knowledge of these outrages came to 
the ears of the citizens of Nauvoo, a jiublic meeting was called, 
a preamble and resolutions were adojited and a memorial was 
drawn up to send to the Governor of the State of Illinois, 
Thomas Carlin, in which all the kidnapping was set forth, 
and the Governor was petitioned to take such steps as he might 
think best suited to repair the injuries which had been .sustain- 
ed and to vindicate the injured laws of the State. 

About this time Joseph began to receive communications 
from Dr. John C. Bennett. In every letter he took pains to 
state how njuch sympathy he felt for the Saints while they 
were being persecuted in Missouri. Had not the conflict ter- 
minated .Ml speedily, he said, he should have been with them 
there, and tliey would have had the aid of his "military know- 
ledge and prowess." 

On the 14th of September, Joseph was called upon to part 
with his father, Joseph Smith, senior, Patriarch of the whole 
church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saint.«. He was the fir.st 
])erson who received Jo.seph's testimony after he had seen the 
angel, and he exhorted his son to be faithful and diligent to 
the message he had received. He was baptized on the day the 
church w:is organi'.ed — April Gth, 1n3H. The exjiosures he 
suft'ercd in Missouri brought on consumption, of which he died, 
being at the time of his death sixty nine years, two months and 
two days old. When he passed away it was felt that a jirince 
snd a great man liad fallen in Israel; for he had been faithful 
to his God and to the church in every situation and under all 
circum.'itances through which he was called to pa.ss. He was a 
remarkable man physically. His hight was six feet two inches, 
and he was very straight and remarkably well-i)roi>ortioned. 
His ordinary weight was about two hundred pounils, and he 
was very strong and active. Ite.-pecting him Joseph says: 
"In his young days he was famed as a wrestler, and, Jacob 
like, he never wrestled with but one man whom he could not 
throw. He was one of the most benevulcnt of men, opening 
his house to all who were destitute. While at Quincy, Illinois, 
he fed hundreds of the poor Saints who were fleeing from the 
Missnuri persecutions, although he hud anivcd there iieiuiilcss 
him>elf ' 



An in-(i!ent boy rarely, if ever, becomes a smart, good busi- 
ness man. 



^t^ ii^TlvIIlSr IFOI^ THZIB STJZnT- 

TUNE. — Qtieensboro. 




Hark! 'tis Zion's children singing 
Praises to their Savior's name; 

He who paid the ransom for them, 
And salvation brouglit to man. 

Tes, ten thousand voices singing 
Loud hosannahs to their King; 

Join the trains, with heavenly music, — 
Peace ou earth, good will to men. 

Hark! their .song will tell the story; 

Angels unto .loseph came, 
Told him that the Lord had called Iiim 
To proclaim the gospel plan. 

Faith, repentance and baptism, 

Unto all the nations cry; 
Cease from sin, obey the message, 

For redemption draweth nigh. 

Oh! how swift the proclamation 

Unto lands afar was borne, 
Bringing happiness to thousands, 

Of the sons of men who mourn. 

Persecution's crtiel weapons 

Soon were used by wicked men, — 

Josejih with his Lirother martyred. 
And their blood to heaven ascends. 

Hear the prophecies of Daniel;^ 
Kingdoms, Tlirones, and Empires all, 

Who despise this proclamation 
Will before Ood's kingdom fall. 

Truth will triumph, Zion flourish. 
Righteousness alone shall reign, 

Children, shout the heavenly chorus 
Hosannahs unto Jesus' name. 



B. Lang. 



MINNESOTA is the answer to the Charade in No. 4. The 
following forwarded correct answers. A. C. Brower, W. J. 
Lewis, Jos. Toronto, jr., H. Hales, L. Tingey, 0. P. Whitney, 
M. A. Jenkins, P. A. Brown, E. A. Smith, M. C. Smith, M. 
E. Shipley, G. G. Taylor, jr., Laura L. Nebeker, J. H. Parry, 
D. G. Beddo, E. D. Simon, G. Crockwell, C. Denney, Martha 
J. Home and P. M. Weibye. 

Teaching: — Scratch the green rind of a sapling or wantonly 
twist it in the soil, and a scarred and crooked tree will tell the 
act for years to come. How forcibly does this show the neces- 
sity of giving right tendencies to the minds and hearts of the 
young. 



y.v publislfd Lit ^n/t Luke Vi'y, Utah Tmritory, 
OX THK FIKST &. FIFTEKNTH OF EVFUY MO>fTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR St. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, pir Anuiiiu 83 00 

Sinale Copy, fur Wix Aluullis 1 50 

«B- II i» prpected where agents forward mimes lliey vill be responsible 
for llie ptiper-f thttx ordrrt-tl; ami when Cii.th poi/mcHls arc made, theu 
will please fvrward tkein wU/i the letter cuntuininy the lutmes of the 
/(tilj^cribers. 

mt- Klder Win. 11. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Cache Valle;/. 

Jta^ firain hroiajht to thin City for the .Ilt\'ENILE Inmtritctok willbe 
rccewed at the ujjlce of our pujJar—DKsniiiir Mews Ucilui^us. 







