
VOL. XVTII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1883. 



NO. 2. 



ATH ENS 




"T^HE capital of the ancient state of Attica was called 
-*- Athens. It is said to have been founded in the year 
1550 B. C. , by a certain being named Cecrops, whom myth- 
ology represents as having the head and arms of a man but the 
legs and tail of a dragon. After founding the city he assumed 
the control of it and ruled wisely and justly for some years. 
He taught his people many useful arts, and made many wise 
laws. His method of ascertaining the number of inhabitants 
in the city was to call the whole people together and then 
have each one throw a rock on a certain spot. The rocks 
when counted gave the exact number of inhabitants in the 
city. 

The ancient cita- 
del was built upon 
the flat summit of a 
square, craggy rock, 
as seen in our en- 
graving. This rock 
was one hundred 
and fifty feet high, 
one thousand fert 
long and five hun 
dred broad. Tli- 
rock was almost un- 
surmountable except 
by the paths and " 
road-ways which had 
been hewn out of 
the solid mass. The 
population of Ath- 
ens being continually 
on the increase it 
was found necessary 
to enlarge the limits 
of the city, and the wide, beautiful plains .surrounding 
the rock whereon the citadel stood thus became inhab- 
ited. The prosperity of the place vast also augmented 
by the union of the twelve Attic tribes into a political con- 
federacy. Tills union was effected by Theseus, whom the 
.(Vthenians acknowledge to be their greatest king and first law- 
giver. A well-known legend in regard to The.seus is that bis 
father, ^T'jgeus, who was also a ruler in A thens, sent hiiu to the 
court of his grandfather at Trcf/.en to be reared with the 




^-ftr 



command that he should not be permitted to behold Athens 
until he was able to lift a huge stone under which ^Egeus had 
himself hidden his .sword and sandals. 

As Theseus grew he became very ambitious to see his father 
and visit the city over which he reigned, and of which this 
youth had heard so much. He therefore attempted day after 
day to move the stone, but for a long time his eff"orts were 
fruitless. Finally, however, he mustered all his strength and 
succeeded in rolling the stone over. With joy he grasped the 
gold-hilted sword of his father and buekeled it on his belt. He 
then tried the sandals and found to his delight that they 

fitted him exactly. 
He now made 
preparations to go to 
his father and in- 
fomed his grand- 
father and mother 
of his intention. 
They endeavored to 
persuade him to go 
by water and not by 
land, as the whole 
country was at that 
. time infested by law- 
less and wicked men. 
Theseus, however, 
learning of the dan- 
gers attending a 
journey by land, 
determined to go by 
that route, as he 
loved adventure and 
was desirous of meet- 
ing with danger. 
After several hair-breadth escapes he arrived within the 
dominions of his father and was so amazed at the sights 
which there met his gaze that he could not speak, but wan- 
dered through the streets, loi king intently at the beautiful 
buildings and fine gardens which surrounded bini. The sur- 
prise depicted on his countenance at beholding these sights 
was such as to cause the Athenian boys to laugh and call 
him country bumkin. His step-mothor however, who had 
sons of her own for whom she desired to gain the old king's 



l?!"^' .' '_■"--- 'i^- — ^•>j 








18 



J-TJ^El^riljE i:N"ST1Ee.TJOTOI?.. 




crown on his death, was anything but pleased on hearing of 
Theseus' arrival. She went immediately to the king and told 
him that a country youth had come to Athens with the inten- 
tion of killing him — she referring of course to Theseus. 
Thereupon the king ordered a search for his supposed enemy, 
and when found he was brought info court. ^-Egeus had, in 
the meantime, given his consent to have the youth poisoned, 
that, as he supposed, being the easiest way to be rid of such 
a character. The eventful moment had arrived, and Theseus 
was about to raise the poisoned cup of wine which had been 
given him by his step- mother to his lips, when the eye of his 
father fell upon his sword. On seeing this he sprang from 
his throne, dashed the cup from his son's lips, and embraced 
him with tears. At this the wicked wife fled from the palace, 
and was seen no more, while Theseus succeeded his father on 
the throne. 

When the Dorians were conquering the Peloponnesus they 
came north in order to subdue Attica. As they were about 
to make the attack, an oracle told them they would never 
succeed if they slew the king of Athens, who at that time 
was named Codrus. The king, hearing of this, determined 
to sacrifice himself, and as the enemy in battle always forebore 
to strike him, he di.sguised himself, entered the camp of the 
enemy, quarreled with a soldier and was killed thus (as the 
story goes) saving his country. 

After the death of Cndrus the Athenians appointed archons, 
or magistrates, to rule in the place of kings, but these men 
soon allowed disorder and misrule to make their appearance. 
This finally became verj' di.sagreeable to the people, and they 
called on a philosopher named Draco to prepare some laws tor 
them. This he did, but his rules, although good, were so very 
strict that they were set aside. 

Solon, one of the seven wi.se men of Greece, was the next 
individual who attempted to frame a code of laws for the 
government of the Athenians. He had faithfully seri'cd his 
country in times of war and peace, had traveled among differ- 
ent peoples and was therefore prepared to enact good laws. 
He was successful, and thus gained the applause of his coun- 
trymen. It was related of this wise man that on a certain 
occasion he asked a great actor who came to Athens, how it 
were pos.sible for him to tell so many falsehoods; the actor 
replied that it was done in sport. "Ah," said Solon, "but he 
that tells lies in sport will soon tell them in earnest." 

The chief thing in the just code of laws prepared by Solon 
was, that at the head of the government were nine chief 
magistrates, whose term of office lasted three years. In con- 
nection with these, four humlred nobles labored; but when 
war or peace was decided, the whole people had to vote, 
according to their tribes. The people also had the power to 
banish a man if he was thought to be dangerous to the state. 
In a ca.se of this kind his name was written on oyster shells 
or tiles, by those who wished him removed, and the.se were 
thrown into one large ves.sel. If they amounted to a certain 
number the man was said to be ostracised, an<l was compelled 
to leave the country. It was not .seldom that great injustice 
was done in this manner, but it nevertheless had a tendency 
to prevent tyrants from usurping authority. 

It would occupy too much time and space to recount all the 
war:< and contentions to which Athens was subjected. Amid 
them all, however, WJU-niderable attention was paid to learn- 
ing, which wa.s, indeed, commendable and worthy of note ; 
even at the present time Athens is, in many respects, to the 
scholar and artist the roost interesting city in the world. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 




( Continued from page 4. ) 
"\1 rHlLE many of the Saints who had started westward 
' • from Nauvoo were pursuing their toilsome journey 
making new roads, building bridges and fording turbulent 
streams, camping often in low, marshy places wherever night 
happened to overtake them, or when their teams gave out 
from fatigue ; while many were engaged in establishing 
stations, building forts and making farms in the wild and unre- 
claimed districts of the western frontier for the accommodation 
of their brethren who should follow ; while five hundred of 
their most able and serviceable men were responding to the 
call of the government and leaving their families destitute to 
march as soldiers to Mexico, and while all were suffering from 
the hardship and exposure which they were forced from their 
circumstances to endure, those who were left behind at Nauvoo 
had their share of trouble too. Those of the Saints who 
remained there were generally of the poorest class, persons 
who had not sufficient means to furni.sh themselves with teams 
and the necessary outfit to commence the journey; but all were 
anxious to go, and their labors were constantly directed to 
effect that end. Their enemies knew this, and knew also that 
by continuing their violence the Saints would be retarded in 
their preparations to leave. As if this fact stimulated them 
to be more determined in their vile efforts than ever, they 
sought by every means in their power to hara.ss them and 
cause them to abandon their homes without receiving any 
compen.sation for their property, or means with which to 
migrate. In commenting upon (he state of affairs which there 
existed the HancncJ: Enyh, a paper published in Nauvoo at 
that time, used the following language : 

"In calmly reflecting upon the condition to which this 
country has been reduced by a gang of ruffians, who style 
themselves 'Regulators,' one is almost forced to the conclusion 
that we are living in a land over which a free government 
has not shed its blessed influence. Here, in one of the most 
fertile regions that the sun ever shone upon — in a district of 
country that has been settled for twenty years, and in the 
midst of an enlightened community, the families of worthy 
and respectable American citizens are as much harassed by 
the terrors of violence, as if they resided in a wilderness and 
were daily .subject to an a.ssault from savages." 

Nor were the Saints the only ones who suffered from the 
annoyance and persecutions of the self-stj'led "Regulators;" 
the new citizens — those who had recently purchased pro))erty 
and settled in Nauvoo — especially those who were at all 
friendly to or sympathized with the Saints, were subjected, 
more or less, to the same threats of extermination and the 
same jeopardy of life and property. 

On the nth of July, John Hill, Archibald N, Hill, Caleb 
W. Lyons, James W. Huntsman. (Jardiner Curtis, John Rich- 
ards, Elisha ."Mallory and J. W. 1). Phillips, who were engaged 
in harvesting wheat about twelve miles from Xauvoo, while 
working in the field, were surrounded by an armed mob, who 
completely hemmed them in, thereby preventing their e.scape, 
and then ransacked their wagons for their fire-arms. After 
taking from them every weajion they had, the mob sent to the 
woods for some long hickory switches. Then taking the 
defenseless men one at a time they forced them to assume a 
stooping posture in a ditch, while each of them received twenty 
la.shes across the back with the switches wielded by one of the 
mob party. As there were but eight of the brethren, they 
were .so completely in the power of these merciless creatures 




they could not do otherwise than to submit to the torture. 
The mob then smashed four of their guns to pieces over a 
stump and returned the fragments to them, while they retained 
the rest of the guns and pistols. The brethren were then 
ordered with an oath to get into their carriages and drive for 
Nauvoo, and not look back, and the mob fired a parting shot 
at them as they did so. 

Several of the mob engaged in the affair were recognized, 
and two of them named McAuley and Brattle were soon after- 
wards arrested. Following this movement, and in retaliation 
for the arrest of these men, five of the brethren — Phineas H. 
Young, Brigham H. Young, Richard Ballantyne, James 
Standing and James Herring — were pounced upon by a party 
of the mob while near Pontoosuc and forcibly taken into 
custody. When asked by what authority they acted, the mob 
replied, pointing their guns at the prisoners, that their weapons 
constituted their authority. It was sufiicient ofiense for them 
to be "Mormons." They were taken into the town of Pon- 
toosuc where they were met by fifty more armed men. There 
they were informed that they were accused of no crime, but 
that they would be held as hostages for the saftey of McAuley 
and Brattle who had been arrested by the citizens of Nauvoo 
for lynching the brethren as before described. 

Some of the men engaged in making this last arrest were 
also engaged in the lynching alfair, and they seemed determined 
not to let the brethren go away alive. They were desperate men 
and would not have scrupled much to put them to death, but 
for the fear they had of being overtaken by justice. As if 
their guilty consciences were smiting them for their evil deeds, 
they were continually imagining that the friends of their 
prisoners were on their track, and accordingly hurried them 
from one place to another, traveling a great deal in the night, 
sometimes halting for a short time, when fear would come 
upon them and they would again take up their hurried flight, 
through woods, thickets and marshes, urging their prisoners 
on at times by goading them with the points of their bayonets, 
and this too when they were almost fainting from .sickness and 
fatigue. Once the mob were on the point of shooting their 
prisoners, and had even cocked and pointed their guns at 
them, when the alarm was sounded by one of their party chat 
the "Mormons" were on their trail and it would not do to 
make a noi.se, when they again took up their flight. 

At another time when the prisoners asked for water to 
quench their thirst, the mob tried to poison them by giving 
them liciuor containing poison, of which, however, only one of 
their number, Brigham H. Young, drank. Prom the effect 
it immediately had upon him, the brethren were convinced 
that he was poisoned, and they laid their hands upon his head 
and invoked the blessing of God upon him, and he was soon 
sufficiently recovered to resume his march with a little assist- 
ance from the others. The mob evidently believed that all 
of their prisoners had partaken of their drugged liquor, as 
they afterwards expressed their impatience at their tenacity 
of life so loudly that the brethren overheard them. After 
openly consulting upon and attempting one or two other plans 
of disposing of their prisoners without boldly facing and shoot- 
ing them, it was finally decided to adopt the latter plan, and 
the brethr<m were ordered to form in line to be shot. xVt this 
juncture Phineas H. Voung plead with the mob to spare the 
lives of his brethren, and offered his own life if they would 
only do so. The delay occasioned by this appeal saved their 
lives, as just then one of the mob party came riding uj) and 
reported the "Mormons" three hundred and fifty strong com- 
ing upon them ; and again the prisoners were hurried otl'. 



After being held captive for twelve days, with very little 
food, and suffering from exposure and sickness, the brethren 
grew desperate and determined on attempting an escape, how- 
ever great the hazard, if their guard could not be prevailed 
upon to lot them go. They made a final appeal, and the guard 
were sufficiently moved by it to allow them to go and even 
aid them in getting back to their homes. 
(To he Continued.) 



THE COLONIZATION OF ACADIA 
AND NEW ENOLAND. 



BY J. H. W. 



TN previous chapters we have traced the instrumentalities 
-*- which God used in the unshackling of the minds of men 
from the superstitions of the past, and disciplining them for 
the reception of higher truths. We have seen how, amidst 
the rage of tyrants and in spite of the opposition of the 
powers of evil, society had gradually climbed to a loftier intel- 
lectual eminence than that to which she had attained in any 
previous age. The time had at length arrived, when, far from 
the jarring scenes of Europe's strife, a nation was to come into 
existence, earnest in its love of human liberty, and vigorous 
in the execution of its purposes — a nation, which should 
accomplish some of the mightiest achievements of the human 
race ; and where, under the benign influence of its political 
institutions, and in the Lord's due time, the gospel should be 
again revealed and the Kingdom of God set up among the 
children of men. 

To rightly understand the history and character of an 
individual, we must know something of his parentage and the 
circumstances of his early life. Hence to understand the 
character of the American people ; we must know something 
of their great national mother, the people of England. 

The defeat of the great Spanish armada delivered England 
from the control of continental Europe, and marked a critical 
epoch in her development. From that hour England's destiny 
was fixed. She was to be the great protestant power. Her 
sphere of action was to be upon the seas. She was to take a 
leading part in the new world of the west. The time was 
coming when her commerce should .surpass all the nations of 
ancient or modern times; but, above all, her language and 
literature were fast developing, by means of which her laws 
and influence would effect the remotest nations of the earth. 
Hitherto England had lagged behind in the intellectual 
development of Europe. In the single reign of Elizabeth she 
leaped to the first rank among the nations of the earth ; nay 
more, she was to become the mother of nations. An impres- 
sion, vague and shadowy indeed, but none the less real, pene- 
trated the minds of the English people, that they were to be 
the repo.sitory of the divine will, and the executor of His pur- 
poses — that the blessings and prerogatives of ancient Israel, 
where to be their inheritance. 

Beneath the rougL exterior and blunt manners of that age, 
lay the new sense of a prophetic power— the sense of a divine 
commission. And who will say that they were wrong, or prove 
that they were not divinely commissioned to break down the 
barriers to human iirogrcss, and to some extent prepare society 
for the "dispensation of the fullness of times?" 

The English translation of the Bible, became the great rule 
of life. 'I'he whole moral effect which is now produced by the 





^ 



Qi 



20 



cr"cr"^E!iNrxi_.E ii^sti?.t70toi?.. 



newspaper, the sermon, the lecture and the circulating library 
was then produced by the Bible alone ; and its effect on the 
national character was simply amazing. Religion was no 
longer confined to the cloister and cathedral, but became a 
subject of thought for every individual. The profound medi- 
tations that Shakespeare puts into the mouth of Hamlet were 
but a transcript of the thoughts and feelings of the earnest 
men of that age, who saw themselves day by day in the theatre 
of a mighty struggle between the powers of light and the 
powers of datkness — their souh the prize of an eternal conflict 
between heaven and hell. 

It was this phase of thought that gave to the world the 
sublime conceptions of Milton, the realistic dreams of Bunyan, 
as well as the stern and solemn character of Oliver Cromwell 
and his followers ; and made these liberty-loving peasants more 
than a match for the chivalry and iron-clad knights of King 
Charles I. 

Nor was this feeling confined to any one class. It permeated 
all ranks and conditions, even to the sovereign. Tradition still 
points out the tree in Hatfield Park, beneath which Elizabeth 
was sitting when she received the news of her peaceful acces- 
sion to the throne. She fell on her knees and exclaimed, "It 
is the Lord's doing, and marvelous in our eyes.'" To the end 
of her reign these words remained stamped on the golden 
coinage of the realm. Through all her long and eventful life, 
the feeling seems never to have left her, that her preservation 
and her reign were the issues of a direct interposition of 
God. 

The foregoing may help us to understand the character of 
the Eogli.'ih people at the time they commenced to plant the 
institutions of liberty on this continent. AVho can read the 
thrilling narrative of English history during the sixteenth and 
seventeenth centuries without acknowledging the hand of 
God, in moulding the character of the British people? 

It was not a pleasant world which the men and \omen of 
Europe had to live in during the .'^i.xteenth century. Fighting 
was the constant occupation of the kings of that lime; civil 
wars aUo were frequent. In these confuse 1 strifes men slew 
their acquaintances and f'reinds as the only method they knew 
of deciding who was to fill the throne. Feeble commerce was 
crushed under the iron heel of war. No such thing as security 
for life and property was expected. The fields of the hus- 
bandman were trodden down by the march of armies. Pis- 
banded or deserted .soldiers wandered as lawless men over the 
country and robbed and murdered at their will. Epidemic 
disea.sesof strange type, the result of insufficient and unwhole- 
some food, and the poisonous air of nndrained lands and filthy 
streets destroyed the inhabitants. Under what hardships and 
mi.series the men of the sixteenth century pas.sed their days, 
it is scarcely po.s,sible for us now to conceive. 

From the persecutions of the old world they fled to the 
wilds of the new. The thrilling story of their adventures, 
though indeed real, sourid.s more like romance than reality. 
I nlike the historj' of eastern nations, which frequently lo.«es 
it.sclf in the mists of antiquity, the history of the American 
people begins at a comparatively recent date. It is less than 
four hundred years since Columbus and his companions first 
saw the western continent, and less than two hundred and 
seventy-five years since the first colony was planted in the 
territory which formed the thirteen original states. 

Another peculiarity is, that from the verj' fir.'-t this land has 
been the asylum for the per.'-ecuted and oppressed of every 
nation. 




It was in the beautiful month of May, 1.535, that Jacques 
• Cartier, a bold navigator in the service of the king of France, 
sailed along the shores of the gulf of St. Lawrence, stopping 
here and there to examine the country and lay out plats for 
future settlements. In July he entered the river St, Law- 
rence and sailed on its broad waters, amidst picturesque 
scenery in which was realized ail his glowing expectations and 
dreams. Leaving his vessel at the present site of Quebec, he 
proceeded up the river in a small boat, as far as the Indian 
settlement of Hochelaga. This place he named Mount Royal. 
It is now the magnificent city of Montreal. However, no per- 
manent settlements were formed, and it was not till ](i04 that 
De Monts, Champlain and other explorers began to colonize 
the country, on the banks of the gulf of St. Lawrence. Quebec 
was founded in 160S. The whole region on the south shore 
of the gulf was then called Acadia. Its history shows the 
wonderful influence kindness exerts, even among the savage 
tribes of North America. Poutrinoourt, the governor of the 
colony, caused an immense banqueting hall to be erected, 
which was well supplied with deer, moose, bear, and all kinds 
of wild fowl. He made friends of the Indians and entertained 
the chiefs at sumptuous feasts. In the winter evenings by 
the blazing pine logs, Champlain would relate the stories of his 
wonderful adventures among the hills, and valleys, and lakes, 
and streams, and cataracts, and red men of the west. 

At length, by the fortunes of war, this colony was trans- 
ferred to England; but its heart was still with France. The 
English distrusted its loyalty, and sent an armed force to 
surprise and attack it, and carrj' away the once happy people, 
and scatter them throughout their American domains. The 
Acadians were crowded into transports, their families were 
separated, their friendships and attachments broken up, and 
they were exiled among strangers, never to see each other 
again. The name of Acadia was blotted out. Most people 
are familiar with Longfellow's beautiful story of Evangeline. 
It is now almost the only memorial that remains of the 
history of that colony. 

Meanwhile attempts at colonizing were going on farther 
south. The settlement at Jamestown, Virginia, was founded 
in 1007. The adventures of Captain John Smith, the virtual 
founder of the colony are well known to most readers, as well 
as the romantic story of Pocahontas, the Indian princess. Its 
early history is a narrative of strife and human suffering. 
Many of its early inhabitants were scions of nobility, men 
unused to toil ; in some cases they were mere adventurers, 
actuated by a lust for gold or love of plunder. However, it 
teaches one imjiorlant lesson, that noble birth and high- 
sounding titles are of little account when compared with the 
plain virtues of industry, honesty, and trust in God — that it 
is not men of wealth, but men of noble character that are of 
most importance in founding a commonwealth. 

The mind instinctively turns to the colonizing of New 
England as one of the great landmarks of human history. A 
little more than two centuries ago this land was covered with 
forests in which roamed various tribes of Indians; and the 
rivers, which now give life to so much cheerful industry, flowed 
usele.s.sly to the sea. To-day this same land is covered with 
cities, towns and villages, gardens, vineyards and orchards, 
schools and palaces — a civilization .surpassing, in some respects, 
that of any other country on the face of the globe. 

Whence came the men who wrought these mighty changes? 
What were the circumstances that led them to abandon their 
country and their kindred, and all the sacred associations that 
link man to his native land, to seek homes beyond the stormy 



tl*^ 



^ 




j'TJ^Eiisrii-.E iiNrsTi?.TJoa?oi^. 




Atlantic, in a wilderness then inhabited only by savage beasts 
and men still more savage ; and above all, that trained them 
in the principles of self-government and fitted them to become 
the founders of a mighty empire? 

At that time protestant princes, no more than popish, were 
willing that their subjects should think for themselves. James 
I. had just ascended the English throne. His was the head 
of a fool and the heart of a tyrant. He was determined that 
every one of his subjects should observe the rites and cere- 
monies of the Episcopal church. On the northern border of 
Nottinghamshire stands the little town of Scrooby. Here 
were some brave and honest people, to whom the ceremonies 
of the Episcopal or Established church were an ofFen.'e. They 
held their meetings in secret, at the house of one of their 
number, a gentleman named Brewster. They chose Mr. 
Robinson, a wise and good man, to be their leader in spiritual 
things. But their secret meetings were betrayed to the 
authorities and their lives were made bitter by the persecu- 
tions that lell upon them. They resolved to leave their own 
land and seek among strangers that freedom which was denied 
them at home. 

They embarked with all their goods for Holland. But when 
the ship was about to sail, soldiers came upon them, plundered 
them, and drove them on shore. After some weeks in pri.son 
they were suffered to return home. Next spring they tried 
again to escape. This time a good many were on board, and 
the others were waiting for the return of the boat, which 
would carry them to the ship. Suddenly soldiers on horse- 
back were seen spurring across the sands. The shipmaster 
weighed his anchor and set sails with those whom he had on 
board. The soldiers conducted the remainder back to prison. 
After a time they were set at liberty. In little groups they 
made their way to Holland, and thus they accomplished the 
first stage of the tedious journey from the old England to 
the new. Here they remained for eleven years, and worked 
with patient industry at their various trades. They gained a 
reputation for honesty and skill in all their undertakings, and 
thus they found abundant employment. Mr. Brewster estab- 
lished a printing press and printed books about liberty, which 
greatly enraged the foolish King James. Meanwhile this 
little band received additions from time to time, as oppression 
in England became more intolerable. Still they looked upon 
themselves as exiles. The language and manners of the Dutch 
were not pleasing to them. They did not wish to lose their 
identity. Already their sons and daughters were forming 
alliances that threatened this result. They therefore determ- 
ined to go again on pilgrimage, and seek a home in the wilds 
of America ; where they could dwell apart and found a state, 
where all should enjoy civil and religious liberty. 

They collected their little funds and procured two vessels, 
the SpKedicdl of sixty tons, and the Majiflower of on6 hundred 
and eighty. The Speedwell was found to "be unseaworthy and 
was abandoned. They had not sufficient funds for all to come 
at once. Brewster was placed in command of the company, 
which was composed of "such of the youngest and strongest, 
as freely offered themselves " A .solemn fast was held. "Let 
usseekof flod," said they, "aright way for us, and for our little 
ones and for all our substance." 

On a sunny morning in July, liiliu, thj pilgrims knelt, upon 
the seashore at Delfthavcn, while their pastor, Mr. Robinson, 
prayed for the success of their journey. Out upon the 
gleaming sea a little ship lay waiting. Money was wanting 
and .so only one hundred could depart. They left the remainder 
with tears and fond farewells, to follow when they could. Mr. 




Robinson dismissed them with counsels which breathed a pure 
and high-toned wisdom. Some of the words which he then 
uttered, seem to have a prophetic import. This will be readily 
seen from the following extract : 

"The Lord has more truth yet to break forth out of his 
holy word. Luther and Calvin were great and shining lights 
in their times, yet they penetrated not into the whole counsel 
of Grod. I beseech of you, remember it, that you be 
ready to receive whatever truth shall be made known to 
you " 

Who will attempt to deny that God, through him, spake 
words pregnant with a meaning that men of that age did not 
understand? 

A prosperous wind soon wafted them across the North Sea 
and they sighted the coast of England. After consider- 
able delays at Southampton, Dartmouth, and Plymouth, the 
Mayflmcer started early in September on her long and lonely 
voyage from the old world to the new. After a boisterous 
voyage of sixty-three days they espied land, and in two days 
more cast anchor in the harbor of Cape Cod. 

How truthful the lines, 

"The heavy clouds hung dark, 

The woods and waters o'er, 
When a band of exiles moored their bark 
On the wild New England shorel" 

It was a bleak-looking and discouraging coast which lay 
before them. Nothing met the eye but low sand-hills, covered 
with stunted trees down to the margin of the sea. At first 
no suitable locality for a .settlement could be found ; but at 
length they selected a spot where the soil appeared to be good, 
with "delicate springs of water." On Decmber 22, 1620, the 
pilgrims landed — stepping ashore upon a huge boulder of 
granite which is still preserved as a memorial of that event. 
The cold was so excessive that the spraj' froze upon their 
clothes till they reseuibled men cased in armor. They had 
been badly fed on board the ship, which, together with 
exposure, caused sickness to prevail among them. Every 
second day a grave had to be dug in the frozen ground. The 
care of the sick, the burying of the dead, sadly hindered their 
work ; but the building of their little town went on. When 
spring arrived there were only fifty survivors, and these were 
sadly enfeebled and dispirited. Upon an eminence beside 
their town they erected a structure which served a double 
purpose. The upper story was used for a fort, in which wore 
placed six small cannons. The lower story served for a 
meeting-house and school-hou.se. 

The pilgrims had already drawn up and signed in the cabin 
of the Mayflower, a document forming themselves into an 
organized government, to which they unanimously promised 
obedience. Under this constitution they elected John Carver 
to be their first governor. It is true they acknowledged King 
James, but they left no very large place for his authority. 
They had experienced what despotism was, and they deter- 
mined from the first to be a self-governing people. In memory 
of the hospitalities which they had received at the last Eng- 
lish port from which they had .sailed, this colony took the 
name of Plymouth. 

The years which followed the settlement of Plymouth was 
a time through which good men found it bitter to live. Charles 
I. was upon the throne of P^ngland. William Laud, Arch- 
bishop of Canterbury, was the king's right-hand man for 
dealing out persecution. Whoever refused to perform the 
religious ceremonies commanded by Laud was forthwith 
imprisoned. A Scotch clergyman named Leighton, was 



m 




ss 



O'TJ'VEn^ILEl in^STI?.TJCTOI^. 





publicly whipped, branded on the cheek, had one of his ears 
cut off and his nostrils slit, for calling Laud's ceremonies the 
inventions of men. Many others were treated in a similar 
manner. Meanwhile John Hampden, the incorruptible 
patriot, was arrested for not paying an unlawful tax. A greater 
than he — his cousin, Oliver Cromwell — was leading his quiet, 
rural life at Huntington, not without many anxious and indig- 
nant thoughts about the evils of his time. He walked over 
his fields and along the streams 

"Pondering the solemn miracle of life 
As one who, wandering in a starless night, 
Feels momently the jar of unseen waves. 
And hears the thunder of an unknown sea 
Breaking along an unimagined shore. 
And as he walked he prayed." 

The weary victims of this senseless persecution looked to 
New England for refuge. The pilgrims wrote to their fi'iends 
at home; and every letter was read with interest. They had 
hardships to tell of at first ; then they had prosperity and 
comfort ; always they had liberty! Every summer a few ships 
were freighted for the settlements. At one time eight ships 
lay in the Thames, with their passengers on board, when the 
order was is.sued, that no one should leave without the king's 
permission. The soldiers cleared the ships, and the poor 
emigrants were driven back in despair to endure the miseries 
from which they were so eager to escape. Among these were 
Hampden and Cromwell. Well would it have been for the 
king if he had let them go! But God had a work for them 
to do. They were to be the instruments in His hand 
"To hurl down wrong from its high sent, 
To the poor and oppressed, firm friends and true." 

The details of the long war between the king and the people 
we need not here relate. The result was the death of the 
unhappy monarch, and another step forward bj- the British 
people in the principles of self-government. 

Meanwhile the settlements in .Vmerica continued to flourish. 
The virgin soil yielded abundant harvests. From the fleeces 
of their sheep, and the flax of their fields they made a supply 
of clothing. They felled the timber of their boundless forests, 
and built ships and sent away to foreign countries, the timber, 
the fish and furs, which were not required at home. 

They were a noble people who had thus begun to strike 
their roots in the great forests of the west. 

Their peculiarities may indeed amuse us; as for example the 
strange names they gave their children. Many of the boys bore 
names in memory of some fortunate circumstance, or historical 
event, as '"Kejoicc in the Lord," "Pillar of Fire," "Strength 
of Israel," "Praise God Barebones," etc.; while the girls 
rejoiced in such names as "Truth," "Temperance," 
"Patience," "Chastity," and "Love the Lord." 

We may smile at these things; yet the most wise of all 
ages will admire the purity and earnestness of thi.s people. 
They brought with them a love of learning. In a very few 
years schools began to appear. Such means as could be 
afforded were freely given. Some tolerably qualified brother 
was "entreated to become the schoolmaster." Soon a law was 
passed that every township, containing fifty families, must 
have a lommon school. Harvard College was established 
within fifteen years of the landing. The founders of New 
England were men who had known at home the value of 
books. Brewster carried with him a library of two hundred 
and .seventy-five volumes, and his was not the largest collection 
in the colony. .\t that time books were very scarce and 
twenty times umro costly than they are now. 



Twenty-three years after the landing of the pilgrims, the 
population of New England had grown to twenty-four 
thousand. Forty-nine little wooden towns, with their wooden 
churches, wooden forts and wooden ramparts, were dotted 
here and there over the land. There were then four 
separate colonies: Plymouth, Massachusetts, Connecticut and 
New Haven. For mutual defense and protection these colonies 
united together and thus formed the first confederation of 
states on the western continent. 



REVIEW THE PAST. 



BY W. J. 



^IME flies. Another year is gone. One thousand eight 
-'■ hundred and eighty-two is numbered with its predeces- 
sors. Its record is made. The pages thereof tell of joy and 
sorrow, good deeds and evil doings, and, in brief, of the acts 
of the children of men, which, according to their character, 
make the angels rejoice, or the heavenly host mourn. Individ- 
ually we have helped to make the year's history, and we will 
meet our record joyfully or sorrowfully in the great day of 
accounts, when the deeds done in the body will form the basis 
of our future standing before God. 

Like the year's general history, our individual record is 
made and is unchangeable. There may be some portions of 
it that we would not change if we could. It is a sorry record if 
this is not the case. Surely we have done something, and 
many things, too, upon which we can reflect with pleasure, or 
our course has been mean indeed. But whether we have done 
right or wrong, or both, or much of either, it would be well to 
review our acts, as there is profit in it. 

It may not be more necessary to review at the close of the 
year, than it is at the close of the day preparatory to rest, or 
at the close of the week preparatory to partaking of the holy 
emblems of the body and blood of Christ, or at the close of 
life when man is about to enter upon the realities of a measure- 
ably unknown sphere, and enter the presence of those who 
know him as he is, or at the close of any other period of life; 
but a periodical review in necessary, becau.se it can be made 
very profitable to the reviewer, if he so wills it, and executes 
his will. 

Pupils are exercised in reviewing their lesson.s. And why? 
To correct errors of various kinds which may have crept into 
and become established in their minds and memories, perhaps 
through inattention or want of care, and which they may 
believe to be correct, and argue in favor of and teach in 
sincerity, were it not for (his review. To give them an oppor- 
tunity to learn something in those lessons, which they, 
throiigh carelessness, or want of time or capacity, may have 
failed to learn. In .short, to increase their store of knowledge, 
and to enstamp more surely and endiiringly upon their minds 
and senses all the useful knowledge they have essayed to 
acquire. 

The merchant takes an inventory of his stock, ascertains 
fully all his resources and lialiiiities, finds out what branches 
of his business yield hiui most profit, learns his real financial 
condition, .satisfies himself as to where he can buy to the best 
advantage, becomes acquainted with the reliability of his 
customers, tests the trustworthiness of his clerks, and sundry 
other items will be understood fiy the initiated, and thus he 
becomes much betl<T qualified to successfully conduct his 
business during the ensuing business period. 





Statesmen review their own policy and acts, and the careers 
of their compeers and predecessors, and then learn the true 
principle of civil government, and gather much wisdom and 
many way-marks for the future, by scanning their own history, 
and that which others have made and left for future genera- 
tions to profit by. 

Warriors review the past. They study their own general- 
ship, and they pore over the records of the tactics of others 
who have preceded fhem in the arena of blood and strife ; 
and they become more efficient in the bloody art of war. 

Nations study their past, and make careful research into 
the accessible history of other nations, in order to obtain use- 
ful governmental lessons to guide them in their future 
national policy. 

Inventors hunt up the musty tomes of by-gone days, and 
eagerly scan their time-bedimmed pages in quest of the 
faintest glimmering of scientific light to illuminate the way to 
future inventions, for the benefit and progress of humanity. 
They recall and review suggestions which in the past have 
been made to their own minds; they use all their powers to 
make something of them; more light — yes, floods of it — fill 
their minds, and, like the ancient Archimedes, they exclaim, 
•'Eureka! eureka!' And the world is blest with a labor-saving, 
time-saving, money-making, progress-subserving invention. 

Wise men of every craft and clime review their own history 
and that of others, and from right and wrong, wisdom and 
folly, good and evil, failure and success, obtain many profit- 
able lessons. 

Then let us use our privilege. Let us review our year's 
history. Let us mark the path our feet have trod, making 
indelible foot-prints. Let us compare our acts with the 
written laws of God, and learn if we have been doing His will. 
Let us see if our follies are the result of the whisperings 
of inspiration. Let us ascertain if kindness, charity, and 
forgiveness, have characterized our course. Let us apply 
the Savior's golden rule to our past intercourse and dealings 
with our fellow- man, and learn if they will endure the simple, 
righteous test. Let us allow past experience to induce reforma- 
tion and better lives. Let restitution and reconciliation be 
effected as far as practicable, and future wrongs be avoided. 
Let unspeakable joy well up in the bosom, and swell the heart 
with holy emotions in reflecting upon the good deeds done in 
the body. Let the tear of regret for wrongs done be wiped 
from the eye, and resolutions to do better be formed and 
carried out by the help of the Almighty. And let everything 
be done that can be done to remove bad feelings and produce 
good ones, to create and perpetuate a righteous oneness, to 
establish a holy brotherhood among the sons of men, and to 
prepare the way for the King of kings to come with "peace 
on earth" and "'good will to men," and then our review of the 
past will certainly be beneficial, and we can rejoice in the 
happy new year. 

"Review the past; 'tis well to trace 

The path thy feet have trod. 
And mark how angel han,ds have led 
The wanderer up to God. 

"Review the past; scan o'er the page 

That lime lias written there. 
And for the blessings thou dost find 

Send forth ii grateful prayer. 

"Review the past; turn not away 

If the shady line.s appear; 
In mercy they were writ by heaven 

To shape thy pa.st career. 



"Review the past; the vanished year 
Demands this work of thee, 

'Twill make thy bark more safely glide 
O'er life's eventful sea." 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 



ON Monday, January Sth, 1883, the Deserot S. S. Union 
meeting washeld in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Assist- 
ant Superintendent Goddard presiding. 

Opened with singing by the 14th Ward Sunday school choir, 
led by Brother H. Gardner, and prayer by Bishop Thomas 
Taylor. 

Minutes of the previous meeting read and approved. 

Superintendent Henry P. Richards being called upon to 
report the 14th Ward Sunday school, said they had a complete 
organization as advised by the Union. They had thirteen 
classes, including a juvenile or primary class and a theological 
class, both largely attended. The primary class was instructed 
orally, primers and first readers being discarded, as it was 
thought the children got enough of such books in the day 
schools. They administered the Sacrament as recommended 
by the general authorities of the Church. Their average 
attendance had been 175 during the past three months. 
Bishop Taylor and his counselors gave the school their hearty 
support. The school had a circulating library of over 300 
volumes which was productive of much good. They had 
tried the system of giving tickets and annual prizes, but 
now deemed it preferable to add to the library and thus 
enhance the interest of the scholars. He felt that regular 
and punctual attendance of teachers, and officers contributed 
as much if not more than any thing else towards making a 
successful Sunday school. 

Elder John Morgan followed with a very interesting histor- 
ical lecture on the introduction of the gospel into the South- 
ern States and the subsequent labors of the Elders in that 
part of the country up to the present time. In the course 
of his remarks he paid a high compliment to the young 
Elders who had received their training in our Sunday schools 
and improvement associations. 

Superintendent Goddard observed that this was our New 
Year's meeting. While listening to the lecture just delivered, 
his thoughts reverted to the origin ot the present Sunday 
School Union, which was organized at the suggestion of Elder 
Morgan at one of the regular Bishops' meetings held in this 
city. He addressed a few excellent remarks to the young, 
urging them to lay the foundation of a life of usefulness by 
the cultivation of good habits. Announced that the Sunday 
School Union Brass Band was now fully organized, and practic- 
ing regularly. 

Elder Reynolds announced that quite a number of music 
cards had been sent to the Sabbath schools in the Southern 
States mission of which Brother Morgan had reported there 
are 17; also to the 3 schools in the North- Western States 
mission. 

The 14th Ward Sunday school choir sang several choice 
pieces, besides those at the beginning and closing of the 
meeting. 

Adjourned to the first Monday in February, at 7 p. m. The 
15th Ward was requested to furnish music and doorkeepers. 

Clo.sed with benediction by Superintendent George Chase. 





S4 



j-u-vehntile in^STi^-uroTOi^. 




eSORGE 4. CANMOBr, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1883. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




S»i 



"NE of the most extraordinarj' movements 
of modern times is that on the part of 
the Japanese to learn and to put into 
practice all the arts and sciences known 
to the most advanced nations. That 
people, no doubt, have allowed this 
disposition to carry them too far in 
many directions. It would not surprise 
us if they find this out yet to their cost. 
They have selected a number of young 
and, in some instances, young women 
also, to come to the United States and acrjuire 
our language, learn all they can of our institu- 
tions and methods of government and of living 
and graduate at the colleges. If they could 
exercise sufficient judgment and discretion to select 
that which is good and reject that which is evil, 
the course they have adopted might be attended 
with e.xcellent results. Unhappily, however, they 
do not in every instance exhibit this wise discrimination. 

Some of the buildings of Japan are the most magnificent 
specimens of architecture in the world. In many other direc- 
tions also they have displa.ved the finest artistic tastes. They 
are a race gifted with much genius for beautiful iuvention.s, 
But under the influence of the mania which has taken posses- 
sion of them for copying everything foreign, valuing it and 
thinking but little of their own productions, they are jiermit- 
tinir their ancient master-i)ieees of art to fall into fatal decay. 
Of some of these buildings which he visited, Dr. Dresser, an 
Engli.sh architect of high repute, says: 

"Buildings so rich in color, so beautiful in detail, so striking 
in symbolism, I have never before seen or even dreamed of 
Had a Gibbons been employed on the wood-carvings, had the 
colori.'^t of the Alhambra done his utmost to add to forms 
which in themselves are almost perfect, a new charm through 
the addition of pigments, and were the whole of such details 
subordinated to fittinsr places in a vast architctural edifice by 
the architect of the Pantheon, no more worthy efl'ect could be 
produced than that of the buildings on which my eye now 
rested. We walk through the courtyard inspecting the long 
rows of stone lanterns and viewing the exteriors of the various 
buildings on which we find birds, flowers, water and clouds 
car\ed with a tenderness and boldness scarcely to be surpassed, 
and so colored that each object retains its individual beauty, 
while the various parts combine to produce an effect almost 
perfect. 

Rut it was not to dwell upon these i)oints that we coni- 
uienced to write these Editorial Thocoiits. Among other 
changes which the Japanese government thought of in it.sragc 
for reforms, was a change in the public religion. The idea 
was seriously entertained of introducing Christianity through- 
out Japan. Hut before doing .so, it was wisely resolved to 
.send a man c:i|i;il.|L' of judging, to see the fruits of Christianity 
in one of its principal homes — England — and compare them 



'!«>?)* 



with the fruits of the Shinto and Buddhist religions, which 
are the religions of Japan. So in 1868 the high priest of 
Nishi-hong-wan-ji was selected to go to London and to report 
on the influence of the Christian religion on the public morals 
in England. He is credited with being a most enlightened and 
spiritually-minded man, of very liberal views. After he had 
spent eighteen months in London, he reported to his govern- 
ment that Christianity was fiir more powerless than either of 
their own religions in preventing crime, and particularly 
drunkenness. This report settled the question. The 
Japanese resolved to make no change in the public religion of 
the country. 

It is prob.ibly more instructive than agreeable for the Plng- 
lish people to learn that though the Japanese respect their 
energies and industrial enterprise, they are far from enjoying 
their customs or desiring to imitate their religion. In view of 
all these facts the English people, at least, ought to pau,se 
before attempting to foist their faith and manners upon the 
Japanese. It might not be improper, too, for Americans, 
whose zeal for sending missionaries to foreign lands is well 
known, to stop before entering Japan, and ask thea-.selves, 
how much improvement their religion will make in that 
people, if they should receive it. Wo confess that if we were 
a Buddhist, traveling through the United States and England, 
we should hesitate some time before we discarded that faith 
and embraced any of the forms of faith falsely called Christi- 
anity. The fruits they bring forth are not pleasing or 
attractive They are no^ the fruits which the Lord Jesus 
Himself taught us to look for in His disci] les. 

Let us ask our juveniles: Sui)pose this high priest from 
Japan had come to Utah to see the fruits of our religion, what 
would he have seen? But there is a Greater One than he who 
sees and judges us. Do we bring forth fruits which show that 
our religion is from heaven? If not, then where is the fault? 
Either our leligion is not true and divine, or we are not 
true to it, or both we and our religion are not what we 
should be. 

This is certain: oun liELioioN i.s from heave.\. The 
practice of its iirinciples makes heaven the fit abode for God, 
angels and just and holy men. If these are not its fruits with 
us, then we are untrue to it. We do it wrong. We give it a 
false reputation among men. We are hypocrites, and will be 
condemned as such before the Lord. 

Bad language, the telling of lies, deceiving, stealing, 
(Irunkenuess, disobedience, envyings, malice, hatred, jealousy 
and strife arc not the fruits of our religion. If one who is 
called a fiatter-day Saint brings forth such fruits as these, he 
is false to his profession. These cannot exist with the religion 
of Jesus in the same person. 

The fruits of His religion are peace and joy, light and intel- 
ligence, obedience and brotherly kindtie.ss, temperance and 
charity, love and kindness, patience and forbearance, meek- 
ness and long-suffering. These good and heavenly qualities 
abound anion < true Tiatter-day Saints. 

We must remember that it is not by our name or professions 
that we shall be judged, but by our thoughts, words and acts 
— the fruits we bring forth. 



People are ajit to think that the Chinese are a very ignorant, 
unenlightened people, who are far behind Americans in every- 
thing that constitutes tnw greatness. They arc denounced 
as barbarians and heathens, and scjme Americans talk about 
ihcni and act towards them as if they were exercising wonder- 
ful forbearance and mercy towards them in permitting them 



'^^ 



p^ 



a"TJ"V"El^IX-iE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



25 




to live at all. There have been many exhibitions of this feeling 
of superiority shown by writers when treating upon the 
Chinese question. 

China has, without doubt, according to ii«r/ie«-' Echicational 
Monthly, over four hundred millions of people, of which vast 
number there is scarcely one who cannot read and write. It 
has two thousand colleges, and their libraries outnumber ours 
ten to one. There are in that land two millions of highly 
educated men. If a knowledge of book learning constitutes 
education, and a great many people in the United States think 
it does, then China is ahead of the United States. As for the 
claim of this being a Christian country, one has only to read 
the daily papers, and the terrible record of horrible crimes of 
every description which they publish, to cause one to enter- 
tain serious doubts whether we are superior to the heathen. 
For, besides the crimes which appear iu the papers, there are 
others committed by married people, which would almost lead 
us to believe — that which the Chinese are charged with 
beliving — that women have no souls. Certainly, in some parts 
of the United States to-day, parents fulfill the words of the 
apostle respecting the people who should live in the last days, 
they are "without natural aifection."' 



e:arly reminiscences. 



BY J. H. H. 



and 



( Contirmed from ipofie. 1 .5. ) 

THE work was spreading very rapidly at this time through- 
out the British Isles, and the London Conference was 
particularly in a flourishing condition. The Elders were 
greatly encouraged in their labors ; the poor had the gospel 
preached to them ; the sick were healed by the prayer of faith ; 
evil spirits were cast out in the name of the Lord Jesus ; some 
of the Saints enjo.ved the gift of tongues, others prophesied, 
and the meek increased their joy in the Lord, and rejoiced in 
the Holy One of Israel. The Asiatic cholera prevailed at 
that time and many were afflicted. Those who put their trust 
in the Lord were healed by the prayer of faith, and those who 
relied upon the arm of flesh fell in many cases victims to the 
power of the destroyer. I well remember going to the house 
of one Robert Farley — his wife and four children lay there 
dead. The dread disease with the aid of calomel and other 
drugs had quickly done its deadly work. The doctors had 
done their best or worst, and the victims shewed by the crude 
globules of mercury on their ghastly cheeks the deadly 
medicines that had been given them. When I left London 
to vi.sit the Saints in Or-ett, this family was in good health ; 
on my return two days later, five of that family were num- 
bered with the dead. 

About this time one Mary Chapman, a kind-hearted and 
faithful member of the Church, was attacked violently with 
the terrible malady, and it seemed as though the destroyer 
had determined to take her life. Her sufferings were excru- 
ciating, and it was distre.-^sing to .see her agony. Some few 
Elders gathered around the sutferer and administered to her 
in the way appointed by the .Vlriiighty, calling upon the name 
of the Lord and imploring His blessing and power to heal the 
afflicted one. These pleadings were continued more or less 
for several hours, and were finally heard and answered ; the 
destroyer gave up his victim, and she was restored iu health 
and peace to her husband and friends, who joined with the 



Elders in giving thanks and praise to Him who is able to 
save to the uttermost all who put their trust in Him. The 
lady is still Hving and has many times borne testimony of this 
manifestation of God's power in delivering her from what 
appeared to be the jaws of death. 

Among those who had heard the word gladly, and desired to 
obey the gospel was a Mrs. Margaret Pratt, who lived at I^ffra 
Hall, Biixton, where there were three persons living whom I 
had baptized. Mrs. Pratt's husband was opposed to the 
gospel, and forbade his wife to be baptized and become a 
member of the Church of Jesus Christ. One night, how- 
ever, after this couple had retired, as they supposed, to rest, 
Mrs. Pratt commenced speaking in tongues, and continued to 
do so through the whole night. Nature is supposed to have 
endowed the female sex liberally in this regard, but here was 
something extraordinary and incomprehensible. It did not 
require any further argument to induce Mr. Pratt to allow 
his wife to be baptized; in fact, he was then ready to be bap- 
tized himself, and at his request I baptized them^ with some 
others, shortly after. It has become proverbial that there must 
needs be an opposition in all things. In support of this 
assertion I will relate a scene directly opposite to the one above 
related, wherein the same persons were concerned, and will 
then leave my readers to draw from the counter-.scenes their 
own conclusion. I copy the following from my journal : 

"July .31st, 1S,50. — Sundaj'. I preached this day in Ken- 
nington. Confirmed Susan Spencer, after the morning service. 
After preaching in the evening I confirmed Charlotte Bailey, 
and William and Margaret Pratt. Some time after the meet- 
ing was dismissed, I was told that Mrs. Pratt was deprived of 
speech, that she had not spoken since she entered the meeting, 
that .she had gone iiome speechless and still remained per- 
fectly dumb, and that her husband desired me to go to their 
home at Effra Hall, and administer to her that her speech 
might be restored. At eleven o'clock p. ra. , accompanied by 
Elder Frederick Revis, I reached the Hall, and found Mrs. 
Pratt as described — the very picture of distress, while her hus- 
band was gazing on her with blank despair. The first scene was 
bad enough when his wife disturbed his peace and rest by 
unknown tongues, but this scene was worse than the first. We 
knelt down and called upon the Eternal Father, in the name 
of His Son, Jesus Christ. M'e then laid our handg upon her 
head, blessed her in the name of Jesus Christ, asked Him to 
rebuke the spirit that had taken possession of the afflicted 
one and to restore her speech. As soon as the hands were 
taken from her head her tongue was loosened, and she praised 
God with her own voice. Those who witnessed these things 
were astonished, and joined with Mrs. Pratt and her husband in 
praising God for this manifestation of His loving kindne.ss 
and His goodness to the children of men. We left them with 
joyous hearts and cheerful countenances, and reached our 
home at one o'clock a. m. There were present, and witne.ssed 
the above circumstance, Elder F. Revis, Ann Laidlow, M.adora 
Williamson, William Pratt, and the writer. 
(To he Continued.] 



HiMll.rTY. — What intolerable insolence and vanity would it 
it be for a man that wears the rich and ('ostly robe of 
Christ's righteousne.ss, in which there is not one thread of his 
own spinning, but all made by free-grace, and not by free-will, 
to jet proudly up and down the world in it, as if hchimself 
had made it, and he were beholden to none for it ! 






26 J"TJ^En^lLE] IIsrSTI^TJOTOie.. 




THE ASSYRIAN CAPTIVITY. 



"P EBELLION against God and defiance to His laws have 
•^^ always brought disaster to Israel. In the days of their 
kings, lor generation after generation, they turned a deaf ear 
to the warning voices of the prophets who denounced their 



their dearly-loved lands and homes, Judah to return when 
seventy years were fulfilled ; but to this day, the other ten 
tribes of the house of Israel are outcasts, still dwellers in 
a land in which they are aliens, a land the exact locality of 
which is known only to God and those to whom He has 
revealed it. 




sin.s and foretold the raiser}' that their iniquitieH would bring 
upon ihcni. In the due time of the Lord these prophecies 
became matters of history; and both Kphraiui and Judah 
were cru.shed beneath the iron heel of heathen oppression. 
Both peoples, for a time, were carried away captives from 



'vS'-^- 



In the year Tlil (or Tl'L') before Christ, Shaluianeser, king 
of Assyria, twice invaded the kingdom of Israel, took 
Samaria, the capital city, after a throe years' siege, and carried 
the Israelites captive to Assyria. The .scriptures have not left 
us entirely in the dark as to what portion of the land of 



../?'5J 





^^«i?v^ 



j"TJ"srE]:LTinijE uststi^tjotoi^. 



S7 





Assyria the great body of the captives were taken. We are 
told that the Assyrian monarch "carried Israel away 
into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor by 
the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes," (II. Kings 
xvii. 6 ; /. Chronicles v. 26). 

Media, the land of the Jledes, was situated to the north of 
Assyria proper. It embraced the country on the southern 
border of the Caspian Sea, as far west as the river Araxes. 
Exactly where Halah and Habor were located is not now 
known, and the only river that at present bears a name having 
any likeness to "Gozan," is the Kuzal Ozan, which empties 
into the Caspian Sea to the south east of the Araxes. 

The ten tribes, as a people, have long since left that region. 
God, through His servants, guided them (when they repented) 
into another land, which the scriptures tell us is in the north. 
Jeremiah, speaking for the Lord, says: 

"Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say. 
Return, thou backsliding Israel, saith the Lord ; and I will 
not cause mine anger to fall upon you : for I am merciful, 
saith the Lord, and I will not keep anger for ever." 

And again : "In those days the house of Judah shall walk 
with the house of Israel, and they shall come together out of 
the land of the north to the land that I have given for an 
inheritance unto your fathers." 

In another place: "Therefore, behold, the days come, 
saith the Lord, that they shall no more say: The Lord liveth, 
which brought up the children of Israel out of the land of 
Egypt ; but. The Lord liveth, which brought up and which 
led the seed of the house of Israel out of the north country, 
and from all countries whither I had driven them ; and they 
shall dwell in their own land." 

And still further : "For thus saith the Lord: Sing with 
gladness for Jacob, and shout among the chief of the nations : 
publish ye, praise ye, and say, Lord, save thy people, the 
remnant of Israel. 

"Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and 
gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the 
blind and the lame, the woman with child and her that 
travaileth with child together : a great company shall return 
thither. 

"They shall come with weeping, and with supplications will 
I lead them : I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters 
in a straight way, wherein they shall not stumble : for I am a 
father to Israel, and Ephraim is my firstborn." 

In these days the Lord has mercifully aiforded us further 
light and knowledge on this subject. We are told in the 
revelations given through the Prophet Joseph Smith, that, 

"They who are in the north countries shall come in 
remembrance before the Lord, and their prophets .shall hear 
His voice, and shall no longer stay themselves, and they shall 
smite the rocks, and the ice shall flow down at their pre.sence. 

"And an highway shall be cast up in the midst of the great 
deep. 

"Their enemies shall become a prey unto them, and in the 
barren deserts there shall come forth pools of living water ; 
and the parched ground .shall no longer be a thirsty land. 

"And they shall bring forth their rich treasures unto the 
children of Ephraim my servants. 

"And the boundaries of the everlasting hills shall tremble 
at their presence. 

"And there shall they fall down and be crowned with glory, 
even in Zion, by the hands of the servants of the Lord, even 
the children of Ephraim ; and they shall be filled with songs 
of everlasting joy. 



"Behold, this is the blessing of the everlasting God upon 
the tribes of Israel, and the richer blessing upon the head of 
P]phraim and his fellows." 

On this grand subject Elder Parley P. Pratt very beautifully 
writes : 

"What though Assyria's captives long and lone, ' 
Have wandered outcasts, to the world unkown, 
In some far region of the frozen north, 
Where pale Borealis sends her meteors forth ! 
Where.fields of ice unbounded block the road, 
To keep intruders from their drear abode; 
Where no sweet flowers the drearj' landscape cheer. 
Nor plentious harvests crown the passing year. 
What though the land where milk and honey flowed, 
And peace and plenty crowned their blest abode, 
Has by the Gentiles long been trodden down. 
And desolation reigned o'er all the ground ! 
Yet soon the icy mountains down shall flow, 
The parched ground in springs of water flow, 
The barren desert j'ield delicious fruit. 
Their souls to cheer, their spirits to recruit; 
Mountains before them leveled to a plain. 
The valleys rise, the ocean cleave in twain. 
The crooked straightened, and the rough made plain. 
The way prepared, lo, Israel comes again! 
The seven streams of Egypt's rolling flood 
Shall feel the power and might of Israel's God, 
Their waves on heaps, like towering mountains rise, 
They cross dry shod, with wonder and surprise. 
And thus with joy Assyria's captives come. 
In grand procession to their ancient home." 
How did these ten tribes reach this northern land? is a 
question that may present itself to some of our readers. Of 
ancient prophetic writers, Esdras (or Ezra), gives us the 
clearest information. It was explained to him, with regard to 
one of his visions : 

"Whereas thou sawest that He [the Lord] gathered another 
peaceable multitude unto Him ; those are the ten tribes, 
which were carried away prisoners out of their land in the 
time of 0.sea the king, whom Shalmaneser the king of Assyria 
led away captive, and he carried them over the waters, and so 
came they into another land. 

"But they took this counsel among themselves, that they 
would leave the multitude of the heathen, and go forth into a 
further country, where never mankind dwelt, that they might 
there keep their statutes, which they never kept in their own 
land. 

"And they entered into Euphrates by the narrow passages 
of the river. 

"For the most High then shewed .signs for them, and held 
still the flood, till they were passed over. 

"For through that country there wa^ a great way to go, 
namely, of a year and a half: and the same region is called 
Arsareth. 

"Then dwelt they there until the latter time." 
The statements of Esdras throw considerable light upon the 
reasons why these captives in Media preferred not to return to 
their ancient home in Canaan; supposing always that that 
privilege had been accorded to them as well as to the captives 
of the house of Judah. In their homes of promi.se thoy had 
seldom kept the counsels and commandments of God, and if 
they returned it was probable they would not do any better, 
especially as the Assyrians had filled their land with heathen 
colonists, whose influence would not assist them to carry out 
their new resolutions. 

With regard to the journey of this moving nation we have 
no exact information; nor have we any Wi>y of comi)uting 




.'^JV-S/' 



S8 



jTjATEn^irjE insrsTK.TJOTOT^. 




their numbers, but if the posterity of all those who were 
carried into captivity started on this wearisome and perilous 
journey they must have formed a mighty host. Of necessity 
they moved slowly. They were encumbered with the aged 
and infirm, the young and the helpless, with flocks and herds, 
and weighed down with provisions and household goods. 
Roads had to be made, bridges built and the route marked 
out and decided by the leaders, if they were not guided by a 
"fiery-cloudy pillar," such as went before Israel out of Kgypt. 
Slowly, perhaps painfully, they neared the frozen regions of 
the north. According to Esdras, one year and a half was con- 
sumed in this toilsome journey, which would perhaps not 
exceed 3.000 miles by the direct route. Their slow progress 
is an evidence that they were encumbered with families and 
cattle, for whom many resting places had to be found at which 
they could regain strength. It is possible that they established 
temporary colonie.s by the way, where the weary recuperated, 
and crops were planted and harvested for future use. 

No doubt as these hosts of Jacob's sons advanced, the 
change in the climate, the difference in the length of the days 
and nights, the altered appearauej of the face of the country, 
and the strangeness of many of its natural productions struck 
them with surprise, perhaps with dread, causing some of the 
weak spirits to falter, to tarry by the way, or to turn back. 
But what must have been the sensations of even the boldest 
when they stood facing the icy waters of the Arctic Sea! 
Whether they drew near to it in the summer or winter the 
prospect must have been appalling to all but those sustained 
by the strongest faith in Jehovah.* If in summer, they were in 
a land where the snow is almost perpetual and scarcely anything 
but mos.ses grow. If, on the other hand, they approached the 
frozen shores of these unexplored waters in the gloom of the 
arctic winter's continued night, then their feelings of awe must 
have been still more intense. No wonder if some turned aside, 
retraced their steps into northern Europe and mingled the seed 
of Kphraim with that of the heathen in those part.s. But 
the main body did not falter, they followed where God led, j'et 
farther north. Whether they crossed on the ice of winter, or 
whether by dirp(^t interposition of Jehovah, such as when the 
waters of the Red Sea were divided, we know not; to learn 
this secret we mu.st abide His time, when the story of their 
exodus from Media and e.-.tablishinent in Arsareth will be 
revealed. 

Our illustration, which is a beautiful one, gives us an ideal 
picture of some of the youth of Israel being torn away from 
their families to fulfill the behests of their Assyrian task- 
masters. G R. 



JAKEO HARXKS" FIODr.E. 



Bv .1. rr. w.ARD. 



It':* niffh on twenty yeiifH »go, 
Since la-st I bundled that old bow- 
Sit closer to thp fire, Jop, 

I don't ntilniJ tellin' iibout it. 
It» mighty curious. I'll allow, 
And whilp I think upon it now, 
It'.'< kind o' like a (ireum suniehow, 

And maybe you will (I<nibt it. 



• Tiat is, premijinK the clim»tic ooniiiiona wt-re the 8nme 

then as now; of which, however, we think there is rea.'<on to 
doubt. 



Tou see that fiddle hangin' Ihar, 
And that old bow without the bar? 
If they could speak — but here we are, 

And that was twenty years ago! 
'Twas pow'rful chiil and cold that night; 
Pitch dark, without a gleam o' light, 
And road and fences hid from sight. 

Beneath the drifted snow. 

My Betsy — well you've heard 'em say 
As how the poor girl left one day. 
And maybe more, it's people's way 

To make such matters light. 
She'd somehow gone all wrong, you see, 
And acted strange and queer to me — 
God knows how kind I tried to be! 

Her mind, it wasn't right. 

It came at last! it hurl me. Joe! 

It seemed so hard o' heart, you know. 

To say thai my poor girl must go 

Up to the 'sylum's walls! 
But they thought best; and so, at last, 
I held my heart down hard and fast — 
It seemed 'twas colder than the blast. 

Or any snow that falls. 

And so we went, 'twas in the Spring, 
I wondered how the birds could sing! 
I saw no joy in anything 

Along that road to town ! 
Bui stop: before we left, that day. 
She smiled and laughed, and seem'd as gay 
As little children in their play 

And took the fiddle down. 

Yes, put the old bow in my hand— 
T trembled, .loe, I couldn't stand. 
It seemed I couldn't keep command, 

The honest truth to tell. 
I sat down by the window, though. 
And played — somehow — I scarcely know. 
With that 'ere crooked, time-worn bow, 

The tune she loved so well ! 



The summer pas=(>d and winter came; 
And often, Joe, I called her name. 
And listened for her voice, the same 

As in the days before; 
Till one dark night of wind and snow— 
I sat where you are sittin', Joe- 
There came a loud and ringin' blow 

Right there against the door. 

I let *em in. "She's gone!" they said. 
"What gone?" says I, "My Betsy dead "' 
But, Joe, 'twas worse than death— she'd fled 

From out the 'sylum's wiiU I 
Alone, out in the blindin' snow. 
My poor, crazed girl ! God help me, Joe ; 
But how I pussed 'em high and low— 

I cussed 'em one and nil. 

"I'll go," I said, "I'W find her too; 
I don't want help from sich us you. 
Go back to town, she'll find nu- true, 

My girl that went so wrong!" 
And then -the strunge,«t thing of ull— 
I suw the fiddle on the wnll; 
Wrapped bow and fiddle in u shawl, 

And took em both along! 



vSVa, 



.=^ 




CTTJ^EHSriLEI IISrSTI^TJOTOI?., 



29 




My horse was swift: but who could ride 
In snow-drifts pilin' high and wide, 
And 'gainst the blindin' storm beside, 

And darkness everywhere? 
Somehow, at last, we seemed to take 
Tlie road that leads straight to the lake — 
The very point 1 tried to make — 

It seemed that she'd be there! 

I stopped, and shouted loud and long; 

My voice seemed weak, the storm so strong! 

I called my girl that had gone wrong. 

My Betsy, gone astra.y ! 
And, Joe, at last I heard a cry I 
I heard her voice, so close, so nigh, 
I leaped in the snow breast high, 

And tried to break the way. 

And thtn her voice was lost again. 
I called and shouted, alt in vain ; 
And, Joe, I think my own weak brain 

Was crazed — I could'nt tell — 
Leastwise, I took that fiddle, Joe, 
And in the storm I drew the bow. 
And played it — how I'll neyer know — 

That tune she loved so well ! 

And did't she answer, singin', tool 

And comin' toward me straight and true! 

I played the old tune squarely through. 

Until she touched my handl 
Until she sank upon my breast, 
Poor, frozen girl ! You know the rest. 
My Betsy died — they say 'twas best, 

I've tried to understand! 



Not any sum in solid gold 

Would buy that fiddle cracked and old, 

Because its voice so surely told 

My Betsy where to gn. 
Ah, well ! may be she sings that song 
Up there where people don't go wrong; 
But, Joe, I'm tired ; I've watched so long 

That grave beneath the snow. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



AKECENT notice in a new.spaper concerning; Joseph 
Thomson, the African explorer, calls to mind many of 
the interesting features of his trip in 1878-80 to and from 
the Central Lakes of Africa. It is a trip the description of 
which is well worth reading by our boys and j'oung men, as it 
exhibits in a very favorable light what a young man of correct 
principles can accomplish by the exercise of pluck and perse- 
verance. The expedition was called "The East-CentraJ African 
Expedition" and was sent out under the auspices of the Royal 
Geographical Society of England. Mr. Keith Johnston, a 
young man of high repute as a scientific man and geographer, 
was seclected as the leader of the expedition. Mr. Thomson, 
who was twenty years old and had just completed a course ?t 
the Edinburgh University, saw a paragraph in the newspaper, 
stating that thi.s exploring expedition was about to be 
despatched. He was struck with the idea of going to Africa. 
He felt that there was a tield for the exercise of all his ener- 
gies. He immediately wrote to Mr. Johnston and volunteered 



to go with him in any capacity, and without other remunera- 
tion than his expenses. His offer was accepted, and he was 
appointed assistant to Mr. Johnston with the title of "Geolo- 
gist and Naturalist to the Expedition." The caravan con- 
sisted of the two white men and one hundred and fifty negroes, 
who acted as porters. The loads which these men carried 
averaged about sixty pounds each. Besides this each man 
carried his gun, mat, cooking pot, or other personal property, 
which commonly brought hi,s actual load up to eighty pounds. 
The loads consisted of cloths of various kinds, beads, wire, 
stores of various kinds and the personal effects of the two 
white men. They were made up into rolls about three and a 
half feet long and one foot in diameter and were carried by 
the porters on their heads or shoulders. Some of the stores 
had to be carried in boxes. These were hated by the porters, 
because they were so hard to carry. The object in carrying 
so much cloth, beads and wire was to trade to the natives for 
food and other things necessary for the journey, and also to 
make presents to the chiefs of the various tribes through 
whose country they traveled. 

It may be interesting to our juveniles to read a description 
of the character of the people forming this caravan. First in 
importance was the manager of the entire caravan — a negro 
who had been selected for the position, because of his sup- 
erior fitness. As assistant he had five headmen, of whom 
the most prominent was the keeper of the stores. He was 
supposed to know all about them and where everything was 
to be got. He measured out the cloth or other articles of 
barter. The other headmen had various duties assigned 
them, one of them being the adjutant and drill-sergeant in 
the caravan. 

Next in point of rank was the cook. This one had been 
brought up at the mission of the English missionaries, and 
considered himself a Christian. He had acquired a consider- 
able stock of pious words and phrases, and learned English 
and impudence to no small amount. But with all his pious 
phrases he had a perfectly devili.sh temper when aroused. He 
was the cook for the white men of the party — Johnston and 
Thomson — and had the good quality of jealously keeping all 
but himself from sharing in the little luxuries which had been 
provided for them alone. 

Of non-commissioned officers there were ten, known technic- 
ally as "kiringosis,'' or guides. These were the picked men of 
the caravan, and always marched in front, a distinction which 
they always clung to. They were supposed to be the boldest 
and best fighting men. As appearance is a very important 
element in African warfare, they had the coveted privilege of 
decking them.selves out in all sorts of fantastic costumes — 
feathers, skins, etc., to make themselves look as fierce and 
savage as possible. These guides were looked up to by the 
men as their advisers on all questions affecting the caravan. 
They formed a council with power to consider all orders 
the leader had to make. They argued all grievances, 
whether the marches were too long, halts too seldom, or 
rations not sufficient in quantity or quality. Their decisions 
were implicitly followed by the entire caravan. The great 
point, therefore, for the white men was to get an influence 
over these men. I]ach of these "kiringosis " was supplied with 
a flowing robe of crimson-colored blanketing. 

The only animals in this caravan were five donkey.s, which 
Mr. Thom.son found of very little value for the purposes of 
African travel. 

The caravan started out in the following order. First came 
the vanguard, lightly loaded with tents and cooking utensils. 






^J^. 



»<»«;/ 



-^^a^vJv^ 



30 



j"Xj"vrEiNriLE iiNrsTi?.TJOTOiu. 



accompanied by a long, collapsable boat for the ferrying of 
streams, and which was carried by two negro giants. This 
always struck awe into the hearts of the natives, who imagined 
it to be a white man's cannon. Next came the main body, 
headed by the drummer, fantastically dressed, and proud of 
his soul-inspiring instrument, which was of great service in 
the caravan. Following him were the "kiriogosis,'' clothed in 
all the savage garndeur of feather head-dresses and crimtou 
robes. One of them carried a Union Jack. The special loads 
of the others were the wire and the small boxes slung on the 
ends of poles which they balanced on their bare shoulders. 

The rank and file carried the bales of cloth and other articles, 
si)me on their heads, others on their shoulders; none on their 
backs. The rear was brought up by the five terrible nuisances 
— the donkeys — with their drivers, accompanied by the head- 
men and Mr. Johnston. The headmen acted on the march 
as a sort of light infantry to look after stragglers, help the 
sick and watch for cases of desertion. 

The place of starting was opposite the island of Zanzibar, 
on the east coast of Africa. A tew weekt after they started 
Keith Johnston, the leader of the expedition, died. This 
threw the entire responsibility upon young Thomson. He 
himself was sick with fever. He felt his own want of the 
special scientific knowledge of a geographical character, and 
also of everything that was most needful to know ; and then 
/(( iriis: only tiiyit(i/-tiro )ii'(irs old. The ((uestion arose whether 
he should go forward or not. He ^oon decided that his course 
must be onward, and he resolved to carry out the designs of 
his leader as far as lay iu his power. Admirably did he carry 
this out. His caravan traveled about .t,(WO miles, a large 
part of the time by new routes and among people who had 
not been made familiar with travelers or white men, and 
among .some savage tribes; and when upon his return to the 
point of his starting, the roll of his men was called, as it was 
when they started fourteen months before, of the one hundred 
and fifty porters who had started with him, only one was not 
present to answer to his name I The missing man had died of 
con.sumption. They did not present the usual appearance of 
a returned caravan. The men were not care-worn or ragged, 
or decimated through di.sease or blood.shed. All were dressed, 
well-fed, and in the best health and spirits. 



THE POOR IX ENGLAND. 



ItY .\N or,!) KKIENI) TO TIIF, .ItTVF.NII.F.S. 



TIIF, hard frost and tolerably clear atmosphere of the past 
two days have been an airrecable change to me from the 
wet and foggy weather so u-^ual in England. Hut if agreeable 
to me, I find it is not so to many of the poor people of this 
country. Overtaking two men as [walked along the road 
yesterday, I remarked jubilantly: ''This is fine, bracing 
weather, my friends! " 

".\h ! it's very bad weather for us, ma.ster!" one of them 
replied ruefully, "for it has thrown many out of work. We 
are farm haod.s. and now that the plowing is stopped we have 
nothing to do : so wc are going to Bedford to seek work. This 
is a haril country for poor men. The rich are growing richer 
and the poor poorer every day. A few days loss of work to 
the poor man means star\ation or the workhouse." 

The "wnrkhou.scl" Thank heaven, there is no such insti- 
tution necc.s.sary among the Saints in Utah ! How glad T am 



to be able to say that among them there are-no beggars nor 
workhouses ! 

In this country beggars abound, and the workhouse, or 
"poorhouse," or "union," or "industry," as it is variously 
called, is considered a necessary adjunct to almost every large 
village and town in England. It is supported by a tax, and, 
though ostensibly for the sole benefit of the poor, it is claimed 
that the managers, who are not poor by any means, are too 
frequently the chief ones benefited by it. If the reports so 
often told about these concerns be true, it is no wonder that 
poor people regard them with dread, and turn to them as a 
last resort when even 'begging fails. 

The poor people receive such meagre pay for their work that 
it is hard for them to save a shilling to lay by for an emer- 
gency. A laboring man seldom gets more than twelve shillings, 
or $2.S8 per week. With food quite as dear as in Utah, 
imagine how a family is to be fed and clothed and house rent 
paid out of that amount! The law requires that children 
between the ages of five and thirteen years must be sent to 
school, so a poor man must not look to his young children for 
help, without they can work or beg a little after school hours. 
His wife may try to assist him, but she gets such a miserable 
pittance for her work that it can hardly be called pay. 

For instance, when I was in the southern part of Bedford- 
shire, I found nearly all the women engaged in straw plaiting. 
I learned from an expert hand that twenty yards of fine braid 
or "plait," was as much as she could do, and more than she 
could average, in a day. This would sell for ten pence, and 
the straw used would cost three pence, so she would get seven 
pence, or fourteen cents, for her work. 

Farther north in Bedfordshire, I found the popular work at 
home for women to be pillow-lace making. It was as interesting 
and novel to me to .see their nimble fingers shuffling the 
bobbins as it had been to see the others deftly manipulating 
the split straws, while they all sat talking till a late hour at 
night :ind patiently working away. But fancy my surprise 
when T was informed that the price of pillow-lace had been 
run down so low that a person need not think of earning more 
than five pence (ten cents) by a long day's work at it. 

Children of Utah, what do you think of the chances which 
the poor people in this country have of delivering themselves 
from the bondage they are in '? Truly .some of the poor Saints 
who have been longing for years for a chance to go to Zion are 
worthy objects of your pity! 



BEAim'. — What dift'crcnt ideas are formed in different 
nations concerning the beauty of the luinian sh;ipe and counte- 
nance! A fair complexion is a shocking deformity on the 
Guinea coa.st ; thick lips and a flat nose are a beauty. In 
.some nations, long ears that hang down upon the shoulders 
are the objects of universal admiration. In China, if a lady's 
foot is .so large as to be fit to walk upon, .she is regarded as a 
monster of ugliness. Some of ihe savage nations in North 
America tie four boards round the heads of their children, 
and thus .■iqueeze them, while the bones are tender and gristly, 
into a form that is almost perfectly s(juare. Europeans are 
astonished at the absurd barbarity of this practice, to which 
.some mi.ssionaries have imputed the singular stupidity of those 
nations among whom it prevails; but when they condemn 
those savages, they do not reflect that the ladies in England 
had, till within these very few years, been endeavoring for 
near a century past, to .squeeze the beautiful roundness of 
their natural shapes into a square form of the same kind. 



^^. 



<.''«i> 




a"TJ"V"E3^II_,E! X'lSrSTT^TJGTOT^. 



31 




THE SEER, 



Words by Pres. John Taylor. 



^ 



:^v: 



:^P- 



C=j=^TD 



t=t: 



j«=pc 



Music Arranged by Prof. C. J. Thoilis. 

_^_r_J . I ^ . ^-J *- 






~ — 1 — 1 — \- 



-J^m^T^ZjE 



wm- 



=3=t5. 



1 — i^ — ^ >^— 



1 The seer, the seer, Joseph the seer! I'll sing of the prophet ev - er dear, the prophet ev-er dear; 



M^=^ 






p=5^:i:pz^d:s^3;ii 



Of no - ble seed, of heavenly birth, He came to bless the sons of earth, to bless the sons of earth; 



m 



^==p^==^ 



*ii*i5z 



J:j==zp7qzqz==f«33t:p=::pr 



:E=t^: 



T^^^ 



:m-m- 



i>?zr^; 



:»r:i-j 



?lti^ 



p"^:^^&i=i§ii^l*=^^^ 



S — 1^ 



-#- 



^7^3^=^: 



ift^tqy 



:l»: 



4? -m-m— 



His equal now cannot befound.Bysearching the wide world a - round. With Gods he soared' in the 



q*EF=±=^ 



.^^^ 



^-^-^ 






— »-j-j--i — .-If- — Ki^j*—— ^ — I — \^ — ^-■>^- 



:=1=:1t=vz^: 



■•y-*- 



<» — y m -\ 



Withkeysby the Al- might -y given, He opened the full rich stores of heaven;0'erthe worM that was wrapt in 






=*=i=i= 



it^z^^=bz=£JE 



- - - - -*T— ^-»- 



;tzr:t2-t<c: 



t^i*: 






J^^'SL-Jl 



■IJ 



-P— ^=s 



:^^r^ ^-^s_^ cr^ 



!--S«t^ 



'S^- 






ir-inr-t^-^Si 



V :«!=•: 



;PI^ 



:^: 



lalrfc 



#. 




realms of day, And men he taught the heavenly way, And men he taught the heavenly waj-. The earthly 



^ 



sa - - ble night, Like the sun, bespread his gold - en light, Like the sun he spread his golden light. He strove, oh, 



i -i^ l^-k" 



:p^P=P= 



rg-^ 



:^2=t2; 



?l?3i=?Er^ 



-tp^-r 



^Eii.. 






f 



t^ 



:itrr*=:*= 



:^;^:=ts 



rs^---^ 



ipczv 



-^^ 



js_>_^_4*- 



:*=i*=:*i 



_JS_j!__^_^ 



z*-rf>c=iv 



-^ 



3giil 



seer! The heavenly seer! I love to dwell on his mem' ry dear: The chosen of God and the friend of man. He bro't the 



-J- 



.-A — ^-J^ 



tftK-'- 



how he strove to stay The stream of crime in its reckless way! With a mighty mind and a noble aim, Hl- urged the 



— I u — *-m- ' ^-=^ 






bit:: 



r:1=:t: 



E^Ep^r;*! p=qj»i_pz:pi 



p_-=;?^t?rdt=t2=t2=ts: 









.^=^=^ 



ip— ■'.q:p:j: 



)d back a -gain; He gazed on the past, on the pres - ent too. And opened, and ojienod, the 

gry strife, He stood at, he stood at the 



*" Pricsthoo 

1 wayward to rc-cIaini:'Miil the fuaiii - ing bil - lows of an_ 



F^l^^i>B^5::=^=^^ 







:pr:p::prp= 



"/ 









t^^tc 



r^-P 



airnzlt^^ 



^p-ggf:Ur : 



32 



3S CTTJ-^EH^ILE IISrSTI^TJGTOI^. 







-=i-p- 



heav - en - Iv world 




and opened 



the 



heav - en 






^- iii^rzzr].: 



to view, And opened, 
helm of the ship of life, He stood at, he stood at 



world to 



the helm of the 






ship of 



life. 






-m~- 






=P= 



:d=rr:4: 



The Saints, the Saints, his holy ))iide, 
For them he lived, for them he died! 
Their joys were his, their sorrows too; 
He loved the Saints— he loved Nauvoo. 
L'ni-l'anired in death, with a Savior's love, 
He pleads their cause in courts above. 
The seer, the seer! Joseph the seer? 
O, how I love his memory dear! 
The just and wise, the pure and fi-ee, 
A father he was and is to me. 
Ijet fiends now raire in their dark houi- — 
No matter, he is beyond their power. 




LINKS ON LIFE. 



BY .1. C. 



Whate'er our rank, the ups and downs 

Of life we all must know; 
B 'th fortune'.* Miilles and sorrow's frowns 

A re needed here below ; 
And such is lifu that what we crave, 

If placed within our power, 
Would make us oft the hapless slave 

Of passion's evil hour. 



Some pow'r, infinite fraught with grace. 

Rules man, wliate'cr hi.? mood; 
R'.'straining him lo fill some pl^e 

Assigned for common good. 
And oft when he would turn aside, 

Some inducncp seems to say. 
"Slop! See the wreck on sin's dark tide! 

Cast not thyself away." 



Life at its best is checkered, brief, 

As years and trials prove; 
\<-t, all may find some sweet relief 

In deeds ipf truth and love. 
Hope lifthu Iheir patii, in weal or woe, 

Those days are freely sjient 
To furnish those who mourn below 

The key« of sweet content. 



Anil what if we should sufTer here 

Man's sneer, or angry threat; 
If (}od be near we need not fear. 

Nor have a sad regret. 
Then, man and steer the craft of Right 

And strongly ply the oar; 
Eternal gain— your heacon bright 

."^hines on the other shore. 



He's free! he's free! the prophet's free! 
He is where he will ever be ; 
Beyond the reach of mobs ami strife. 
He rests unharmed in endless life : 
His home's in the sky, he dwells wiili tl.e (lods, 
Far from the furious rasre of mobs. 
He died! he died for those he loved; 
He reigns, he rei^'ns in the realms above ; 
He waits with the just who have gone before, 
To welcome the Saints to Zion's shore. 
vShout, shout, ye Saints; this boon is given— 
We'll meet our m;irtyr'd seer in heaven. 



ENIGMA 



1. 100 and ark, an engine. 

2. 1.51 and nine, to bend. 

.3. 10.5 and roe, to spread over. 

4. .51 and ah, to call. 

.5. 551) and fear, a boy's name. 

5. 5 and near, a bird. 

7. 505 and ore, a town in England. 

The initials of the above, read downwards, form the naiue 
of a king of England. 



DiKFiii i.TiE.s. — Because you find a thing very difficult, do 
not presently conclude that no man can master it; but what- 
ever you observe proper, and practicable by another, believe 
likewise within your own power. 

Let us not run out of the path of duty, lest we run into 
the way of danger. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOK 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory» 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEOROE «. CANNON, 



EDITOH. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 

Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
ibe Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




