"^Si 




VOL. XVII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1882. 



NO. 



THE HUSSITES 



JOHN HUSS, of Bohemia, was one of the early martyrs in 
the cause of liberty of .conscience. He and his followers 
prepared the way for the work of the reformation, in later 
years accomplished by Martin Luther and his fellow-laborers. 
Their struggle was a bloody one, and, though by treason event- 
ually overcome, yet the results of their conflict lived, spread 
and grew in the minds of men until a more propitious time, 



when the agencies, that had been long at work, found effect- 
ual methods of breaking the bonds that bound men's con- 
sciences. 

Join Huss was born July 6, 1369, at Husseneez, in South- 
ern Bohemia, of poor, honest parents. His years at school 
and in the university at Prague, were years of hardship. As 
early as his twenty-fifth year, he was a professer of philoso 




34 



vJTJ'VIEIN'XI-.im IITSTBTJCTOB. 




phy, and, when thirty, was rector of the university. He early 
became a great admirer of the views of the English reformer, 
Wickliffe. and publicly advocated some of the ideas taught by 
him. For this he was brought before the papal authorities. 
and. refusing to recant after the mockery of a trial, he was 
condemned to death, and burned at the stake on the Gth of 
July, 1415. 

It would, probably, be difficult to say, exactly, for what 
principles John Huss died, but he certainly was one of the 
bravest of the martyrs who have died in the cause of honesty 
and freedom, of progress and growth towards the light. 

After the martyrdom of Huss, a crusade was proclaimed 
against all those who endorsed his teachings. This included a 
great portion of the people of Bohemia. Wherever the Catholic 
crusaders met the Hussites they slew them with the sword or 
burned them at the stake. The emperor sought to terrify 
the reformers, but only provoked desperate resistance- and 
fearful retaliation. A war followed, conspicuous for its hor- 
rible, remorseless and ostentatious character. On the one 
side no faith was kept, no meiey shown to heretics; on the 
other, the people, feeling they were the chosen of the Lord, 
raised up to execute His vengeance on a corrupt, dissolute 
and venal priesthood, carried out their ideas with terrible 
earnestness. Horrible reprisals were perpetrated on both 
sides. For about eleven years the Hussites, by their Zealand 
enthusiasm, carried all before them ; their names were a terror 
to their enemies, who ofttimes fled without striking a blow as 
the roll of the Taborites' (a name given to the Hussites) drums 
was heard. But in the long run craft triumphed where arms 
failed. The legates of the people, or the ambassadors of the 
emperor, managed to sow the seeds of dissension among the 
leaders of t^e revolutionary cause, until they actually fought 
among themselves, and soon after fell a prey to the imperial 
and Catholic authority. 

One of the great subjects of contention was the right of the 
laiety to partake of the sacramental cup. The Roman Cath- 
olic church administered the wine to the priesthood only. 
I lu-- claimed that in the early Christian church both bread and 
wine were administered to all members of the church. In this 
he was right ; that is (Jod's order. But the Catholic church 
refused to return to this primitive doctrine. 

In our picture, we see the sacrament being administered to 
a body of Hussite soldiers. The officer officiating is permit- 
ting them to drink of the cup according to their belief, which, 
of course, was the rankest kind of heresy, according to the 
ideas of the orthodox church. 

The forces of the Taborites consisted mostly of untrained 
peasantry, but they made up, in desperate valor, what they 
lacked in discipline. Zizka, their one-eyed general, may be 
said to have introduced a new era in military tactics when lie 
organized his army to coufront the knights of chivalry. Find- 
ing that he was short of suitable weapons, and that many ..I' 
his men were adepts in tin- use of the flail, he armed them 
with terrible instruments made after that pattern (one can be 
seen in our engraving) and so dextrous did his soldiers 
bee ime in their use that it is said that they could strike 
thirty blows in a minute with great force and without missing 
once. Before their impetuous onsets, the knightly lancer 
and swordsman went down like grass before the scythe, and 
armies had t<> be re-organized to meet the new stylo ol attack. 



DCBPISE not little temptations; but, rightly met, 
have often nerved tin- character for some fiery trial. 



they 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



[Continued from page '21). 

DURING the most of the summer, I was busily engaged 
in attending to my duties in the office at Bern, and while 
doing this I was much interested in watching the great pow- 
ers of Europe, who seemed to be working themselves in an 
inextricable mess. Wars and rumors of wars filled the daily 
papers, reminding me of Jesus' prophecy concerning the 
latter days. Hire disasters and accidents of every kind also 
seemed to increase with ten-fold rapidity, being a solemn 
warning to the wicked inhabitants of this continent to pre- 
pare for the great and terrible day of the Lord. 

Many prophecies concerning the end of the world were 
published in the papers, and they all made the assertion that 
this great event would transpire in this year. Some super- 
stitious people in this land, of whom I heard, believed 
these reports, and, therefore, thinking the end was near, did 
not plant their crops, nor did they do any manual labor, but 
spent their time in praying for a- forgiveness of their past 
sins and iniquities. If such superstitious beings would read 
the Bible intelligently, they would not allow themselves to be 
driven about by every false idea and notion that is circulated 
in these times. 

Probably the greatest excitement of the whole summer 
was caused by the arrival of news concerning the attempted 
assassination of President Garfield at the hands of a degraded 
villain. This sad event seemed to cast a gloom over all 
Switzerland, and inquiries were made daily by all classes of 
people concerning the condition of the unfortunate man. 
When the news arrived that the President had finally died 
from the effects of his wounds, there was universal sadness, 
and the people felt sorry that the highest officer of the sister 
republic should die at the hands of an assas.-iu. However, 
such affairs are all in the hands of a Just Judge, and He has 
power to overthrow and build up nations, and He will lead 
all things for the good of His people and the accomplishment 
of His mighty purposes. 

There was a grand song jubilee for the whole canton, 
held in Bern near the middle of summer, when some ten or 
eleven hundred singers came together and gave a series of 
concerts which were very fine indeed. The old federal city, 
Bern, was decorated beautifully for the occasion; thousandsof 
flags, banners and streamers Hunted to the breeze; the houses, 
lamp p"sis. public fountains, etc., were covered with ever- 
greens; an almost endless number of arches with appropri- 
ate mottoes were erected in different parts of the city, and 
everything necessary to make a grand success of the jubilee 
was prepared. The fireworks di-playcd in the evening were 
something grand, surpassing everything of the kind I had 
Been before. 

The time for the fall emigration from this mission having 
arrived, I was appointed to accompany the Saints to Liverpool 
inasmuch as there were no returning missionaries frojn this 
country. We traveled as far as Mannheim without any 
unpleasantness <>r delay, but on boarding the Rhine steamer 
our troubles commenced; the fog was so dense that the 
anchor had to be cast a number of times, as traveling under 
such circumstances would only jeopardize the lives of the 
passengers, there being great danger of striking hidden rocks 
in the bed of the river We finally arrived in Cologne near 



y^_. 




m 



u^" 



J-TJ^EHnTILE! Il^STRUGTOB, 



35 



midnight, instead of eight o'clock as should have been the 
case, and here the orders were received to lie in dock until 
the evening of the next day. This new arrangement rather 
provoked us, but we could not change matters and therefore 
prepared to pass the time away as best we could. Finally, we 
again set sail, and by traveling all night and the next day we 
were able to get to Rotterdam about six o'clock in the even- 
ing. Here we were met by the agents and taken to a place 
where we could refresh ourselves with a good supper, and 
about eight o'clock we were led to the good old steam-ship 
Edith, which is a freight steamer plying between Rotterdam 
and Hull. We should have been on board the passenger 
stoamer sailing to Grimsby the evening previous, but our 
delay frustrated all our plans, and, in order to reach Liver- 
pool in time, we were compelled to put up with the imperfect 
and unpleasant accomodations of a freight ship. We were, 
however, very glad to be able to go directly forward, and it 
was with pleasure that we went down in the dark, dismal hole 
prepared for our reception. About nine o'clock, p. m., we 
sailed away from Rotterdam, but before arriving in the open 
sea we were delayed several hours on account of fog. I had 
only been on board a few minutes before I was sea-sick, and, 
being somewhat sleepy, I laid down and slept soundly until 
morning. It was not ten minutes after awakening before I 
was compelled to "feed the fishes," which task would have 
been done willingly, but it required great exertion to accom- 
plish it. The day which followed, is one long to be remem- 
bered by me, because I do not recollect ever having worked 
harder or sweat more than 1 did during that day on the 
North Sea. We passed through a terrible storm, the captain 
saj'ing at the end of the voyage that he had never seen a 
worse one during fifty years. Several ships, all of which 
were as large as the one on which we were, that left Rotter- 
dam at the same time we did, turned back, being afraid to 
face the storm. Our ship seemed at times to be entirely 
covered with waves, and during all this, I heard fears 
expressed by some strangers on board as to whether we would 
arrive safely in port. For my part, I felt perfectly secure, 
because I knew the Lord had not helped so many of His 
children to leave Babylon merely to get them on the great 
deep, and there leave them to be overcome by the waves. 

We arrived in Hull at midnight, feeling much lighter in 
body than when we started, on account of the cargo of food 
we had thrown overboard. We were compelled to remain on 
the ship until morning, when we successfully passed through 
the hands of the custom house officers, and in a short time 
we were aboard the train, on the road to Liverpool, at which 
place we arrived about the middle of the afternoon. The 
Saints were conducted immediately to the ship Wyoming, 
which was destined to carry them across the ocean, and had 
their berths assigned them, while I went to make arrange- 
ments for their passage and purchase the tinware, etc., which 
they needed for the journey. 

In the afternoon of the following day, the ship, loaded 
with precious souls, sailed out of the harbor, and many hearts 
left with joy at the thought of soon being able to see Zion, 
the place where God will gather His chosen people. 

On my arrival in Liverpool, I had the pleasure of meeting 
my eldest brother, who had just arrived in England a few 
days before, in accordance with a call of the Church author- 
it ies. Those who have been absent from home for any length 
of time, can probably imagine the joy I experienced in 
beholding the familiar face of a near relative again. I was 
also very glad, indeed, to see other Elders from Utah, who 




are in this country laboring for the cause of truth and for the 
welfare of the human family. 

We had a pleasant time in our meetings on the following 
day, which was Sunday ; but on my arising to address the 
congregation, I experienced some difficulty in expressing 
myself in the English language, and in attempting to make 
quotations from the Bible, the German words would present 
themselves to my mind. I was not, however, much surprised 
at this, because, since leaving England, all my public speaking 
had been in German, and the quotations made were also in 
the same language. 

I was surprised at the smallness of the congregation in the 
meetings at Liverpool, as I had expected to see a large and 
flourishing branch at the place where the head office of the 
mission is situated ; but in thinking how long the gospel had 
been preached in Liverpool, my surprise was not so great, as 
I think the greater part of the honesD-in-heart has already 
been gathered out of that city. 

Several days after the emigration, I had the pleasure of 
accompanying my brother and another Elder form Utah, to 
the Isle of Man, the home of some of my ancestors. This 
island, thirty one miles in length by an average width of ten 
miles and a half, is situated in the Irish sea, nearly equi- 
distant from England, Scotland and Ireland. 
• {To be Continued.) 




HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 

{Continued, from page 21). 



A T this crisis the Twelve Apostles called on Elders Orson 
-f"*- Spencer and Samuel Brannan to visit Governor Ford. 
They did so, and were received politely. The governor intro- 
duced them to Ex-Governor Reynolds. These brethren had 
a lengthy interview with the governors, who chatted freely 
in relation to the prejudice entertained by the people through 
the State against the Latter-day Saints. The governors were 
requested to use their influence officially and personally to allay 
prejudice. They urged the necessity of ceasing to gather in 
one place and opposed Elder Spencer's proposition to buy out 
the anti-Mormons in Hancock County. They said that it was 
the political influence of the Saints which exasperated the 
people against them. Ex-Governor Reynolds said he had 
tried, in public speaking, to lessen the supposed faults of the 
Saints, but the people had rudely resisted him, and accused 
himof being a "Mormon." Governor Ford said that he could 
not trust the best militia in the State to defend the "Mormons ; ' ' 
that they would go over to the side of the mob in the event of 
a collision ; he could not even trust General Hardin. He fur- 
ther stated that the conduct of Governor Boggs, of Missouri, 
towards Joseph Smith was unlawful and barbarous; and pledged 
himself never to re-enact thedrivings and expulsionsexperienced 
by the Saints at the hands of the State of Missouri. He al-o 
renewed a former pledge that he would never demand the 
leaders of the Church on criminal writs and expose them to 
assassination as Joseph and Hyrum Smith had been ; he stated 
however, that his official influence was only nominal I 

Elder Spencer informed Governor Ford that it was the inten- 
tion of the Saints, so soon as the Temple was finished to colo- 
nize distant parts of the country, and that they were ready 
to sell their property as soon as practicable and commence 
removals, if their neighbors would purchase their property. 



</J 




36 



J-TJVEITILE INSTRTJCTOR, 



The report which Elder Spencer made to his brethren was 

indeed a sorrowful one. It contained the testimony of two 

Governors that religious freedom, so far as the Church of Jesus 

Christ of Latter-day Saints was concerned, was at an end in 

llinois. 

President Brighatu Young and his brethren of the Twelve 
Apostles met in council and deliberated upon the trying posi- 
tion in which the Saints in Hancook County were placed. The 
constitution and laws of Illinois, through the lack of faithful 
executors, being powerless for their protection, they deemed 
it wisdom to write as follows to the President of the United 
States and to the Governor of every State in the Union except 
Missouri : 

"Nauvoo, April 24, 1845. 
"His Excellency James K. Polk, 

President or the United States. 

Hun. Sir :— Suffer us, sir, in behalf of a 
disfranchised and long afflicted people to prefer a few suggestions 
for your serious consideration, in hope of a lriendly and unequiv- 
ocal response, at as early a period as may suit your convenience, 
and the extreme urgency of the case seems to demand. 

"It is not our present design to detail the multiplied and aggra- 
vated wrongs that we have received in the midst of a nation that 
gave us birth. Most of us have long been loyal citizens of some 
one of these United States over which you have the honor to 
preside, while a few only claim the privileges of peaceable and 
lawful emigrants, designing to make the Union our permanent 
residence. 

"We Bay we are a disfranchised people. We are privately 
told by the highest authorities of this State, that it is neither pru- 
dent nor safe for us to vote at the polls ; still we have continued 
to maintain our right to vote, until the blood of our best men has 
been shed, both in Missouri and Illinois, with impunity. 

"You are doubtless somewhat familiar with the history of our 
extermination from the State of .Missouri, wherein scores of our 
brethren were massacred ; hundreds died through want and sick- 
ness occasioned by the unparalleled Bufferings : some million- of 
our property were destroyed, and -one- fifteen thousand soul- fled 
for their lives to the then hospitable and peaceful shore- ol Illi- 
nois; and that the State of Illinois granted to us a liberal charter 
for the term of perpetual succession, under whose provision private 
rights have become invested, and the largest city in the State 
has grown up, numbering about twenty thousand inhabitants. 

"But, -ir, tbe startling attitude recently assumed by the S 
of Illinois forbids us to think that her designs are any less vindic- 
tive than those of Missouri. She has already used the military 
of the State with the executive at their head tocoerceand surren- 
der up our be-> men to unparalleled murder, ami that, too, u 
thu n osl 9ai red pledges of protection and safety. Asa Balvo for 
such unearthly perfidy and guilt -he told us through her highest 
executive officers, that the laws should be magnified and tbe 
murderers brought to justice : but the blood of her innocent vic- 
tim- had not been wholly wiped from the tl..< t of the aw lul B 
where the citizens ol a sovereign State pounced upon twodefi 

rvantsof God, our Prophet and mir Patriarch, before the 
id one of the indicted actors in that 
mournful tragedy from the sheriff of Hancock County and 
him an honorable rent in her ball of legislation, and all whi 

I by the Grand Jury ol B County for the murder 

I Hyrum Smith are suffered to roam at large 
watching for further prey. 

"To crown the climax of those Id ly d Is, the State has 

^bartered right-, by which we • 
have lawfully nsl aggressors. If 

gains! viol, . 
under tbe sbs erwise (for we have reason to ex- 

pect it both ways wesl dlthei I with treason and suf- 

fer the penalty ; and :■ tssive and non-resistant we 

-rtainly expect to perish, for our enemies have -worn it. 

"And here, Sir, permit us I . pi, Smith, 



during his short life, was arraigned at the bar of his country thirty 
nine times, charged with criminal offenses, but wast equitted every 
time by his country, his enemies, or rather his religious op pnents. 
almost invariabl3 T being his judges. And we further testify that 
as^i, people, we are law-abiding, peaceable, and without crime, 
and we challenge the world to prove the contrary; and while 
other less cities in Illinois have had special courts instituted to 
try their criminals, we have been striptof every source of arraign- 
ing marauders and murderers who aro prowling around to 
destroy us, except the common magistracy. 

"Willi these facts before you, sir, will you write to us without 
delay as a father and friend, and advise us what to do ? We are 
members of the same great confederacy. Our fathers, yea some 
of us, have fought and bled for our country, and we love her con- 
stitution dearly. 

"In the name of Israel's God and by virtue of multiplied 
ties of country and kindred, we ask 3 7 our friendly interposition 
in our favor. Will it be too much for us to ask you to convene a 
special session of Congress and furnish us an asylum, where we 
can enjoy our rights of conscience and religion unmolested ? or. 
will you in a special message to that body, when convened, recom- 
mend a remonstrance against such unhallowed acts of oppres- 
sion and expatriation as this people have continued to receive 
from the States of Missouri and Illinois? or, will you favor us 
by your personal influence and by your official rank ? or, will 
you express your view- concerning what is called the "Great 
Western Measure" ofcolonizing the Latter-day Saints in Oregon, 
the north-western territory, or some location remote from tbe 
State-, where the lend of oppression shall not crush every noble 
principle and extinguish every patriotic feeling? 

"And now. honored sir, having reached out our imploring 
hands to you, with deep solemnity, we would importune with you 
as a father, a friend, a patriot and the head of a mighty nation ; 
by the constitution of American liberty, by tho blood of our 
father- who have fought for the independence of this Kepublie, by 
the blood of the martyrs which has been shed in our midst, by 
t' e wailing- o the widow- and orphans, by our murdered fathers 
and mother-, brothers and sisters, wive- anil children, by the 
dread of immediate destruction from secret combinations now 
forming tor our overthrow, and by every endearing tie that binds 
man to man ami renders life bearable, and that too, for aught we 
know, for the last timo, that you will lend your immediate aid to 
quell the violence of mobocracy, and exert your influence to estab- 
lish US a- a people in our civil and religious rights where we now 
are, or in some part of the United States, or in some place remote 
therefrom, where we may colonize in peace and safety as soon as 
astances will permit. 

"We sincerely hope that your future prompt measures towards 
us will be dictated by the besl feelings thatdwell in the bosom of 
humanity, and tho blessings of a grateful people and of many 
nail come upon you 

" We are. -ir, v, ith great respect, 

your i Ibedtonl Servants, 
Brig ii am Young, 

VVii.i m:h Bll HARDS, 
( IRS0N Sckmk.H, 

Orson Pratt, 
\V. W. Phelps, 

A. \V. I! \ l: r. I IT. 
.), M, Bkrnbiskl, 

"In behalf of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 

ii N'au* oo, [llinoi 
"P. S A- many of ..ur communications, post-marked at 
Nauvoo have failed of t h eir de-t i na I ion and the mails around 

een intercepted bj our enemies, we shall send this to 
distant office by the band of a special messenger." 

The others to the governors were the same as the above 
with slight requisite alterations 

'/',, l,i I 'imtiilllrtl. ) 



1 



( 'ommittee. 



J 



Tin; ahortest way to I. rich is not by enlarging our 
estate-, but by contracting our desires. 



^2£- 




YOUNG MAN, STAY AT HOME. 



BY E. P. 



THERE appears to be a spirit among a certain portion of 
our people of restlesness, being unsettled in their feelings; 
an inclination for change of locality. And especially is this 
noticable in many young persons who are just merging 
into manhood, and who first begin to look around them with 
a view of permanently situating themselves in life. 

Perhaps this will not apply to those whose parents are in 
good circumstances, to the same extent, at least, as to those 
who are in comparatively poor circumstances as regards this 
world's goods, and who do not possess the means necessary to 
establish their sons in business or to give them a good farm, 
or in any other way afford them a good start in life. Many 
of our people came to this country poor. Some have been 
fortunate in their choice of location, while others have not 
been so fortunate, and while the people are generally in what 
might be termed comfortable circumstances, there are com- 
paratively few who are rich. The consequence is, the young 
men growing up in our midst, are frequently, upon attaining 
their majority, thrown upon their own resources, and are 
obliged to make their own way in life, somewhat in the same 
manner as their fathers have done before them. And when 
they see no chance to drop into good places without exertion, 
they naturally begin to look about them for some more invit- 
ing locality. Many go to the mines to work, while others go 
freighting, and some, again, hunt for new settlements where 
unappropriated land may be taken up. 

At the time of the California gold excitement, President 
Young advised the people to stay at home and improve the 
country, promising them that they would make more than by 
going away, and the wisdom of his counsel has been amply 
demonstrated in the past history of the people. 

While I am willing to concede that it is wise sometimes to 
change localities, and highly necessary to spread out and 
extend our settlements and build up new places, there is 
scarcely one of our settlements where the facilities of the 
place are fully developed, where there are no opportunities 
for enterprise to succeed and find plenty of scope for its 
exercise. No young man need be in too much of a hurry to 
combat singly with the rough vicissitudes of life, and when 
the time does arrive for him to commence on his own responsi- 
bility, the chances are that he will do just as well in his 
own neighborhood, where he will be surrounded by his 
friends, and will naturally receive their assistance and encour- 
agement, as he will do among strangers, where he is obliged 
to form new associations, relying entirely upon his own 
resources and ability to establish his character, and make his 
way in the world. 

Ours is a new country, and a few years are not sufficient to 
develop all the resources thereof. Many have gone from one 
locality to another, thinking to better their condition, with 
the idea that every facility of their own home was utilized, 
leaving no chance for them to establish themselves. These 
same persons have been surprised on revisiting their old 
homes, to witness the wonderful increase of population and 
the great amount of improvement made during their 
absence. 

There are very few, if any, of our settlements, where there 
are not still opportunities for improvement, and where 
extended operations are not needed, not only in the matter of 



agriculture, but in the introduction and establishment of the 
various branches of industry necessary to build up an inde- 
pendent and prosperous community. And while we may be 
running about, seeking for an easy place in which to make a 
living, other people come in and avail themselves of the 
privileges that we have neglected or overlooked, and build up 
a successful business. 

Assiduous application, in almost any branch of business, 
with honesty and economy combined, will insure success, and 
these coupled with a contented mind, will generally guarantee 
happiness and usefulness, which is really the end and object 
of our earthly existence. 

Therefore, young men, do not be over-anxious to get away 
from the place where you have spent your early life, and 
where your friends and acquaintances reside, at any rate, 
until you have thoroughly considered all the possibilities of 
such a locality. 

There are other reasons why young men should not go 
away from their homes or the homes of their parents. At 
home they are surrounded with friends and restraining influ- 
ences, which oftentimes deter them from forming improper 
associations, to which all young people are more or less liable, 
and through which they may be contaminated, especially in 
the absence of the friendly admonitions of parents and 
relatives, who, above all others, are anxious that they should 
become honored and respected members of the community in 
which they may reside. 

There are many evils and temptations existing in the min- 
ing camps and on the railroads, where many of our young 
men go to obtain employment, and unless they are exceptionally 
moral and circumspect in their tendencies, with strong relig- 
ious inclinations, they are liable to become more or less 
contaminated with the prevailing vices. They are liable to 
contract bad habits, to become addicted to the use of profane 
language and the habitual use of liquor and tobacco, to say 
nothing of tea and coffee, all of which we are told by revela- 
tion are not good for us. We should understand that there 
is a natural tendency for all to be influenced, more or less, by 
the spirits with which they are surrounded, and that by 
frequent association with sin, it becomes less obnoxious ; thus, 
many things which at first appear very bad, in time become 
less intolerable, even if they do not become attractive. There 
is an old saying to the effect that evil communications corrupt 
good manners, which is as true as the gospel. 

Therefore, young men, cultivate the acquaintance and 
society of good men and women, and shun as you would a 
venomous serpent, the society of wicked and corrupt men and 
women, whose influence is calculated to lead down to degra- 
dation, death and ultimate damnation, and unless duty or 
unavoidable circumstances compel you otherwise, stay at home 
with your friends. 



Charity. — That charity alone endures which flows from a 
sense of duty and a hope in God. This is the charity that 
threads in secret those paths of misery from which all but 
the lowest of human wretches have fled : this is the charity 
which no labor can weary, no ingratitude detach, or horror 
disgust; that totls, that pardons, that suffers ; that is seen by 
no man and honored by no man; but, like the great laws of 
nature, does the work of God in silence, and looks to a future 
and better world lor its reward. 



g£ 



m 




^'^^h 



38 



Cnr^HI] UNTIL IE INSTRUCTOR, 



WASTED I.IVES 



BY ROLLO. 



UN DEE this heading, the writer proposes to give, from 
time to time, in a condensed form, the biographies of 
men who might have been great and famous, and of real value 
to the world, had their talents and energies been directed iu 
the right channel. I do not claim all the ideas that may be 
advanced as my own, because I shall glean from various 
sources, originality being laid aside in favor of usefulness and 
adaptability. The first to be considered in this connection is : 

THEODOKK HOOK. 

Among the most remarkable men of the age in which lie 
lived, or, indeed, any other, was the person whose name heads 
thisarticle. He was born in Loudon, in ITS*; and he attended 
the same school as Byron and Peel. His father was a musical 
composer of some note, and young Theodore seems to have 
inherited his disposition, at least as regards his passion for 
music. At fourteen years of age, his father took him away 
from school, and at that time he was a good pianist, and a first- 
rate singer. His musical talent commenced to develop itself, 
and one evening he sang two new ballads, accompanying him- 
self. On inquiry, from his father, he admitted that both the 
words and the music were of his own composition. And at 
this early age he commenced to display the talent which made 
him famous in after life. The boy's precoeiousness so delighted 
his father that at the age of sixteen he took him into part- 
nership, and soon Theodore's fame spread even faster than 
before. 

Soon afterwards, he began to write songs for the stage, 
his father supplying the music. His efforts were well appreci- 
ated, and be haunted the green-room nightly, and soon 
became involved in the dissipations incident to such a life. 

His brother, in order to gel him away from such company, 
urged Theodore to enter Oxford University, which he did. 
Afterwards, he returned to London, where he made the 
acquaintance of Matthews, the actor, tor whom he wrote a 
number of farces, and in which he evinced great ability. 
During four years he wrote ten plays, all of which were very 
ar. But, fickle as the wind, he could not keep at any 
one thing long, and commenced writing novels. At the age 

of twenty year-, he produced "Musgrave," a work '1 ribed 

as being of "ridiculous sentimentality, but Bparkling and 
clever." One of his works, "Gilbert Gurney," is supposed 
men |y his autobiography, or part of it. 

Tlii- talent shown thus far was more than enough to insure a 
brilliant future, and one cannot read the record of his life 
without a -itrli of pity for the reekless waste of energy and 
ability therein shown. 

His mania for practical jokes was marvelous, and two, per- 
petrated by him, will bear repeating here : 

M tthi wt '■ i II '"k wer one day, when they 

came to a sign on a lawn "Nobody permitted to land hi re." 
It alsu contained the information thai anyone doing so 
would be vigorously dealt with. The placard did not daunt 

them: ha.l it not 1 n there, they would pro 1 owed 

' and never disturbed the serenity of the party dining in 
the mansion. Bui in a few seconds, they were pacing to and 
fro upon the velvety lawn, measuring and figuring with all 
oergy possible Out rushed the i net the two 

worthies scarcely deigi him, and preserved 

a dignified demeanor amidst hi |ueriec After 1 




stormed and fumed considerably, the trespassers condescend- 
ingly volunteered the information that they were the agents 
of a new canal company, endeavoring to avoid the cut which 
must come through the grounds ; they had tried in vain to 
avoid the beautiful spot, but it was impossible; they "extremely 
regretted the necessity, but public interests must be regarded," 
Hook said. 

The amazed gentleman, scarcely knowing what to do, invited 
them to talk the matter over. Reluctantly, they consented; 
and the dinner and wine soon produced the effect desired, 
and they agreed to give up the route and seek some other. 
The old gentleman's joy, at hearing this, was only succeeded 
by his amazement and anger, when, in a few moments. Hook 
sat down at the piano and related the whole affair in 
i xt< iii pore song. 

There is probably no practical joke on record, which equals 
the one in which Hook was concerned, and known as the 
Berner Street hoax. Hook and a friend passed a small 
residence on Berner Street, one day, and as they got opposite, 
Hook offered to wager a guinea that "in one week that nice, 
quiet dwelling will be the most famous in all London." The 
bet was accepted. In the next four or five days, Hook 
worked hard, and in the course of a short time had written 
and posted one thousand letters, giving orders in each for 
some article to be delivered at the house mentioned on a par- 
ticular day and hour. 

The rumpus that followed, can be better imagined than 
described, and the wreck and ruin in that street is described 
as something unparalleled in history. Everybody, high and 
low, were present, and the many persons thus victimized, 
vented their rage upon those nearest them, smashing and 
breaking, and mixing all the imaginable wares existing. The 
demand for the perpetrator of the hoax was loud and long, 
but he never received punishment, and this exploit was fol- 
lowed by others almost equally bad. 

Tn after years, his fame as a writer, talker and jester was 
widespread, and while his wonderful talent should have proved 
of great benefit to himself and the world, it proved a curse, 
at least to him. One of his great talents, was his gift of 
improvisation. At an entertainment, he would sit at the 
piano and compose a verse upon every person in the room, 
full of the most pointed wit, gathering up every incident of 
the evening as he proceeded, and making the whole up into 
a most brilliant song. Such an exhibition, was, of course, 
marvelous. Invitations from aristocratic circles Bhowered in 
upon him, and nearly every night found him at the tables of 
the rich, where his wit flowed in a ceaseless torrent. He was 
indeed a hard worker, and we arc told that alter a night of 
revelry, he would go to work and never lay down until sheer 
exhaustion compelled him to do jo 

That he could work, and did, is shown from the fact that 
during a period of sixteen years, lie wrote thirty-eight 
V0lume8, and at this time, lie was. besides, editor and almost 
sole writer for a newspaper, as well as conductor of a maga- 
zine for a part of the time. His earnings were large, running 
from tour to live thousand pounds per annum, and yet he had 
almost Countless Orediton, and very seldom paid any bills, 

most of hi- money being wasted al the gaming tabic with 
his high and titled friends. lie was the lion of London 
society, and no banquet or ocial gathering was complete 
without him. His brilliant conversational powors made him 
me where he would never have been tolerated otherwise ; 
ami lie -pent the time entertaining his wealthy patrons that 

should have I, em expended iii other and better directions. 



c- 




CTTTVIEICTIILjIE I1TSTRVCTOE,, 



39 




At a banquet, he was the hardest drinker, and to his love for 
liquor must be attributed much of his misfortune, and his 
premature death. 

But his wild and hard career could not last forever, and the 
end came: He died in August, 1814, thus ending the exist- 
ence of a man of great talent, energy and ability, but whose 
genius bettered the world to a very small extent indeed. 
That he was a most remarkable man, everyone will concede ; 
and the good that be might have accomplished, is beyond 
calculation, had he not been a traitor to himself, and prosti- 
tuted his talents for the sake of gaining the applause of the 
wealthy sycophants, whose homes he frequented, and who 
were intellectual pigmies as compared with him. 
i Sad, indeed, is such a history; it is a tragedy, painful 
and dark ; and yet it points a moral, and a severe one : No 
matter how much talent, energy and ability one may possess, 
he should be guided in his work by a strong love of character, 
and imbued with a desire to leave a name behind him pure 
and spotless. Hook's talents are to be admired, but his 
actions during life to be despised. Such a man is deserving 
at once of pity and condemnation. The world is forced to 
recognize his intellect, and yet all sensible people must con- 
clude that his was a life worse than wasted — a sorrowful 
epitaph it is true, but one that could be appropriately 
engraven on his tombstone. 



THEISACRAMENT. OF THE 
LORD'S SUPPER. 



BY W. J. 



h 



AMONG the many ordinances of the gospel of salvation, 
is that of the sacrament of the Lord's supper. This is 
a very sacred and most important ordinance. It is desirable 
that the children of Zion shall grow up impressed with its 
sacredness and importance, aod possessing a knowledge of its 
nature, design, and effect, as well as obtaining its benefits 
every time they partake of it; therefore, it is being admin- 
istered and taught in our Sunday schools. But it is possible 
that the youth, in their thoughtlessness, do not always com- 
prehend its nature, nor realize its importance ; hence the 
necessity of keeping the subject before them. 

The members of the "Kirk of Scotland," are not allowed 
to partake of it very frequently. The occasion is announced 
from the pulpit sometime before it is administered. The 
evidence of the minister's examination-book, and the testi- 
mony of the elders and deacons, are necessary to the giving 
of tickets, which tickets must be produced at the communion 
table. A solemn fast is required on the Wednesday or Thurs- 
day and two preparatory sermons on the Saturday, of the 
week preceeding the Sabbath on which it is administered. 
A suitable sermon is also preached just previous to imparting it. 
The minister then forbids the unworthy to approach, and 
invites the penitent to partake of the sacred emblems. 

The Laplanders, regard this ordinance superstitiously. 
They consider it a powerful charm to protect them against 
evil spirits; and they have been in the habit' of taking a cloth 
to church, into which they would spit the bread, wrap it with 
great care, divide it into as many small crumbs as possible, 
and then give a crumb to each of their cattle, fully believing 
that the animals would thus be secure from all harm. 

Now, if sectarians and heathen islanders thus act in regard 
to this holy ordinance, should not those who are blessed with 



present divine authority, and the light of continued revelation, 
regard, administer, and partake of it as its sacredness and 
importance demand? 

The inquiry may sometimes arise in the minds of the young : 
"Why is it that Jesus administered wine, and the Elders of 
Israel substitue water?" The Prophet Joseph, in his his- 
tory, furnishes the answer in these words : 

"Early in the month of August (1830) Newel Knight paid 
us a visit at my place at Harmony, Pennsylvania ; and as 
neither his wife nor himself had been as yet confirmed, it was 
proposed that we should confirm them, and partake together 
of the sacrament, before he and his wife should leave us. In 
order to prepare for this, I set out to go to procure some 
wine fur the occasion, but had gone only a short distance, 
when I was met by a heavenly messenger, and received the 
following revelation, the first paragraph of which was written 
at this time, and the remainder in the September following : 
'"REVELATION GIVEN AT HARMONY, PENNSYLVANIA, 
AUGUST, 1830. 

" 'Listen to the voice of Jesus Christ, your Lord, your God, 
and your Redeemer, whose word is quick and powerful. For, 
behold, I say unto you, that it mattereth not what ye shall 
eat, or what ye shall drink, when ye partake of the sacrament, 
if it so be that ye do it with an eye single to my glory; 
remembering unto the Father my body which was laid down 
for you, and my blood which was shed for the remission of 
your sins : wherefore'a commandment I give unto you, that 
you shall not purchase wine, neither strong drink of your 
enemies; wherefore, you shall partake of none, except it is 
new among you ; yea, in this my Father's kingdom which 
shall be built upon the earth.'" 

I have quoted the first paragraph which was written at that 
time, and here is the substance of the Prophet's reference to 
the matter in this portion of his history: 

"In obedience to the above commandment, we prepared 
some wine of our own make, and held our meeting, consisting 
only of five, viz : Newel Knight and his wife, myself and my 
wife, and John Whitmer. We partook together of the sacra- 
ment, after which we confirmed these two into the Church, 
and spent the evening in a glorious manner. The Spirit of 
the Lord was poured out upon us, we praised the Lord God, 
and rejoiced exceedingly." 

In the portion of the revelation quoted, it will be observed 
that the Lord says: "It mattereth not what ye shall eat, or 
what ye shall drink, when ye partake of the sacrament, if it 
so be that ye do it with an eye single to my glory." And by 
this we may learn that Israel's great Law Giver has the power 
to make laws, repeal them, or modify them at will — and His 
will is just. His means of salvation are simple and efficacious, 
as Naaman the leper found on dipping seven times in Jordan, 
and losing his leprosy. 

If the sons and daughters of Zion, will attend Sunday 
schools regularly, they will have the opportunity of learning 
with regard to this ordinance. They will have the privilege 
of partaking of the holy emblems worthily, and obtaining the 
blessings pertaining thereto. By partaking worthily, they 
will grow up with an increasing realization of the necessity, 
the sacredness, and the importance of this holy ordinance, 
and the will of God will be accomplished in this particular. 
Partake the supper of the Lord, 
A< 'ding tn His holy word ; 

And if required the bread to break, 
For other members to partake, 
Willi holy bands give bread and wine, 
Because the sacrament's divine 



iZf&e- 



<£ 40 



J"U"VE1TILE IUSTR-gCTOR, 




ahc iihivomlc 



GEORGE O.. CAX.VOS, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1. 1882. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




HE lovers of the "cup that cheers but 
Dot inebriates," might lose some of their 
relish for that fascinating drink if they 
really knew what processes much of the 
stuff has passed through which they buy 
for tea. It is well known to many per- 
/T( sons that in most of the large cities the 
j\j~ economical housewife can ' find ready sale 
*. ' for her tea leaves after she has steeped 
r and extracted the strength from them. It is 
fair to presume, too, that the persons purchas- 
r^ ing them make a business of preparing them 
to re-sell, for the use of others rather than 
themselves. But if nothing were added to the 
tea leaves before re-selling them, the fact of their 
being used twice or a dozen times over would not be 
half so revolting as the actual facts are to those 
who are in the secret of the dodges resorted to by 
those who deal in or manipulate '"tea." 

A short time since an immense fire occurred in certain 
bonded warehouses in New York, in which were stored 

25, shests or about 1,250,000 lbs. of tea. The New York 

Herald describing the scene after the fire had been extin- 
guished, says: 

"Theresult was, roughly speaking, a pit some fifty feet deep, 
bounded by the charred outer walls of the structure and filled 
with brick, mortar, ashes, cinders and tea saturated with the 
-:ilt water, which for two days was poured from the East 
River in constant streams upon the smouldering mass by the 
steamer Hauemeyer. The tea taken out of the debris is sold 
at auction by the insurance people. 

"The great bulk of the commodity is being shoveled out in 
the form of b coarse black mud. plentifully mixed with cin- 
ders and other rubbish. This is piled up in great heaps on 
the S inth Street sidewalks, and the roadway foi a considerable 
distance i- Btrewn with a layer of it half a foot thick, which 
the feet of workmen and pedestrians arc trampling constantly 
into filth. Every day or two these big heaps are sold to the 
highest bidder on condition of immediate removal. 

"The -tuff is not, as might be supposed, sold for manure 
to fertilize the fields of New Jersey, but is bought by specu- 
lative tea dealers, and a portion of it will doubtless find its 
way to the tables of many who read these lines. A purchaser 
with whom a reporter of the Herald conversed, said that the 
fact of the -toff being satnrati d with salt water made it mnch 
more difficult to work over, and consequently it brings lower 
prices. This exceedingly ran. lid gentleman related with 
pardonable pride the 'good thing' he bad made by buying for 
a mere song an immense heap .if rnbbish from the last great 
fire of a tea warehouse in this city. At that time, there was 
a heavy tax on the commodity and the market price was 

much higher than at pre-. q| He had the rubbish dried and 

sifted clean' and recolored, and sold it at a profit of eight 
hundred per cent to one of the 'great' tea concerns of the 
untry. This astute gentlen in med to lane the reporter 



was a possible rival bidder for the blackened filth, for he was 
at great pains to disparage the stuff, and dwelt upon the 
difficulty there would be in getting rid of the salt. 'Besides,' 
he added, 'you can only find a market for it among the big 
tea houses, for the little ones can't work it off. That's too 
far gone to be sold alone; you can onlv use it to mix in with 
fresh stuff'.' 

"These remarks were made apropos only of the loose 'mud' 
carried out in baskets and sold where dumped in the street. 

"While the reporter was present here, boxes through which 
the water had not penetrated were sold at the rate of sixteen 
cents a pound, while broken chests, partly burned and wholly 
water soaked, went for one and half cents a pound. One of 
the bidders here told the reporter that there are a number of 
establishments in this city which make a specialty of doctor- 
ing damaged teas. They have processes for drying, recoloring 
and rerolling the leaves so that they look as good as new." 



^piIE devil and all his hosts never made greater efforts 
J- to overthrow the work of God than of late. The 
anti-"jMormorn" mania in an aggravated form, seems to have 
taken possession of all grades and classes of society through- 
out the land. The great number of bills introduced into 
Congress for the abolishment of "polygamy" and the dis- 
franchisement of the "Mormons," and the numberless reports 
of indignation meetings and petitions sent to Congress from 
all parts of the Union to the same effect, afford some idea of 
the bitter and widespread opposition that is arrayed against 
the Saints at the present time. The Latter-day Saints are 
not, nor need they be, alarmed in the slightest degree at all 
this opposition. It is what they have been led to expect. 
Ever since the gospel has been revealed in this age, the 
Saints have been informed by revelation and taught by 
inspired men that they need not look for peace until Satan 
should be bound ; that they must expect to face the frowns 
and opposition of the whole world. 

The Savior also taught the same lesson to His early dis- 
ciples, and gave them to understand that such opposition was 
a good sign. He said, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile 
you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil 
against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding 
glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted 
they the prophets which were before you." He also gave a 
reason for this hatred. He said, "If ye were of the world, 
the world would love his own, but because ye are not of the 
world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the 
world hateth you." 

The hatred and opposition of the wicked may be considered 
•is a compliment rather than otherwise. The Saints have no 
favors to ask at their hands: they do not seek their love. 
When they embraced the gospel, they enlisted to forsake the 
ways of the world. They understood, too, what that implied 
—the severing in some instances of the dearest ties of kindred 
and affection. But they were prepared for it. They knew 
the Savior had said, "he that loveth father or mother more 
than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or 
daughter more than me is not worthy of me." 

So lone as ..in- actions are such thai our enemies cannot say 
anything against our characters without speaking falsely, we 
have nothing to fear. We can afford to do ourduty and leave 
the result with the Lord. And if we .1.. this, the words of 

the psalmist will certainly he true in our case in which he says: 

"I have been yonng and now am old; yet have I not seen the 
righteous forsaken, nor hissed begging bread." 



►.% 



■* 





CTTJ^E^TILEl UsTSTBTJCTOR. 



41 




T R O G O N s:. 



nobles were made from the feathers of these birds. The most 

mav u so i u- i T~ ~ ■ , beautiful mosaic pictures are also made by the natives of that 

I Hb beautiful birds shown in the picture are called , region from these feathers. The writer received, some time 

Kesplendent Trogons. They are among the most mag- since, from a missionary laboring in Mexico, a couple of 




nifioent of feathered animals. In brilliancy of plumage, they 
are only excelled by the humming bird. They are tropical 
birds, and are found principally in South and Central An 
t The gorgeous head-dresses formerly worn by the M 



menca. 
exican 



pictures of birds made from these feathers, and most 
exquisitely wrought, the work of which was done by Indian 
artists. They are now deposited in the Deseret Museum, in 
this city. 




c5S 



¥ 42 



JUYllFILE IUSTBTJGTOB. 



1 



The color of these birds is mostly a metallic golden green, 
boldly contrasted with scarlet, black and brown. The tails, 
which are very gracefully curved, are frequently three feet in 
length. 



REVIEW OF AN ACTIVE LIFE. 



BY G. G. 



[Continued from page 29.) 

THE Latter-day Saint meeting mentioned in my last 
chapter, was my first introduction to "Mormonism." I 
had never seen any "Mormons" before, nor heard of them, 
only as being the most ignorant and deluded people. I after- 
wards attended other meetings and read the Voice of Warn- 
i'.iL-. Spencer's Letters and the Book of Mormon, and con- 
versed with the Elders, whom I invited to my house (my 
wife being in delicate health and unable to attend the meet- 
ings). We were both convinced of the truth of the gospel, 
which had been restored through the instrumentality of the 
Prophet Joseph Smith, and were baptized on Monday, the 21st 
day of January, 1851. We were confirmed at the first even- 
ing meeting during the week, after which I was ordained an 
Elder, and a notice was given out from the stand that I 
would preach there the following Sunday evening. The 
Saints were invited to spread the news through the town to 
secure a crowded house, and I being well known (but not as 
a preacher), a great many catae to hear me out of curiosity. 

Sunday came, also a trembling anxiety at the prospect of 
standing before a large audience, to preach about a religion I 
was but a Granger to, being but a newly born infant into the 
kingdom. l>uiing the day, I tried to read the scriptures, to 
refresh my memory with some of their truths ; but they were a 
perfect blank to me, and I could not read. What to do I 
did not know ; the time of meeting was just approaching, 
and my mind was as barren as a sandy desert. 

At length I resolved to repair to my bed room and lay my 
case before the Lord. [ told Him my simple story : that I 
verily believed in all hone?ty that I had met with His ser- 
vant-, received their testimony, and obeyed the gospel which 
they preached . and if that was really true, and 1 had not been 
deceived, 1 asked Him to give me a positive testimony, by 
removing the nervous trembling I was then afflicted with, 
and bless me with faith and confidence and aid me by His 
g 1 Spirit when the time of meeting arrived. 

When I arose from my knees, all nervousness had left me, 
and 1 Went down to the meeting with the Btrongest a-Mirance 

that my Heavenly Father would make me equal to the occasion. 

On reaching the chapel, I (band, as anticipated, a crowded 

the lower part, the galleries, and even the aisles were 

which made it difficult for me to reach the pulpit. 

After the opening exercises, I arose to speak, opened -the 

i one verse and closed the hook. The Spirit of 

the I. T'l was upon me, and enabled me to bear testimony to 

the restoration of the go.-p> 1 thron-li the instrumentality of 
the Prophet Joseph Smith, etc, 1 .-poke lor one hour with- 
out experiencing the least embarrassment. 

This testimony which my Heavenly Father gave me in 
answer to my earnest prayer, has never left me from that day 
to the present It was a wonderful confirmation to my faith 
and made me strong in the Lord, and prepared me to face 
the mighty changes that quickly awaited me on account of 




embracing so unpopular a faith, and uniting with so despised 
a people as were the Latter-day Saints. 

This public declaration of my new faith spread like wild-fire 
through the town, until it reached our most intimate friends. 
At this time our family had increased to seven small chil- 
dren. The step we had taken was much opposed by the few 
we had been associated with as Mr. Mathews' converts. 

Shortly after my first public discourse, the Elders agreed in 
council that I should preach every Wednesday evening in the 
market-place. This, of course, brought me in direct contact 
with the public, and more especially with my customers, who 
ceased to patronize me as fast as they became acquainted 
with my new religious sentiments. Thus my business rapidly 
dried up. 

On one occasion, my father made his appearance at one of 
my meetings in the market-place, standing within eight or 
ten feet of the butcher's stall upon which I stood. After 
patiently listening to my remarks until I introduced an 
American Elder to the congregation, he walked away without 
knowing that I saw him there. 

The next morning, he came into my store and asked me 
what I meant by the course I was taking. He said the magis- 
trate had been to see him, stating that they did not know what 
to do with me. He said a lodging in the lunatic asylum or the 
poor-house would certainly be my fate if I did not stop. He ad- 
ded that he had been an eye-witness the night before to my tom- 
foolery and nonsense about "Joe Smith," and that if he had 
not left, he could not have refrained from knocking that 
lazy American down with his stick, who ought to have 
stopped at home and minded his own business, instead of 
coming there to decoy people into difficulty and ruin. He 
felt bad, and said many hard things. 

He was a good, kind father, and delighted in the prosperity 
and well-doing of his children, and when he saw that a 
financial crisis was bound to overtake me, with a large family of 
little children on my hands, and no visible means to support 
them, an anxious parent's feelings were aroused in his breast, 
and he felt like trying to save me. He mourned over the 
unfortunate delusion which he honestly believed I was labor- 
ing under, and wrote to my brother in Liucoln, about forty 
miles from Leicester, and told him I was preaching "Mor- 
monism" to out-door congregations, dodging the policemen 
and bringing disgrace upon the family. This brother immedi- 
ately wrote to me, severely commenting on the willful and 
di>graceful course I was taking, and suggested that unless I 
renounced "Mormonism," it would be better for me to emi- 
grate to a country "where fools and bigots could revel in 
undisturbed serenity, or where Mormons flourished like 
butter-cups," meaning America. 

In reply to this letter, I told him my anxiety to pay my 
creditors twenty shillings on the pound, and to suddenly close 
up a business iniuht leave tne in an impoverished condition, 
and unable to carry out his suggestion to emigrate to a 
foreign land with so large a family, nine in number. 

To this he answered, that 1 should never see a better 
chance to pay my creditors twenty shillings on the pound 
than then, and that, finding I was determined to fol- 
low my own willful course in advocating so unpopular a doctrine 
as "Mormonism," he offered to pay our passage expenses 
across the ocean, provided they did not exceed fifty pounds, 
or two hundred and fifty dollars, and provided we were 
willing to leave the country by the 8th of October. 

The presiding Elder counseled me to hold on to this offer 
and make arrangements for accepting it. My two largest 





CT XT ^TIE IN" I LIE IFSTBTJCTOB. 



creditors were near neighbors, and we had grown up from 
boyhood together on most intimate terms of friendship — mem- 
bers of the same Sunday school and church for many years. 
I went with them to the most respectable attorney in the 
town, and conveyed to them all my stock in trade, debts, etc., 
to make the best disposition of them and pay off all my 
other creditors, leaving myself and family in an almost desti- 
tute condition. 

I had now arrived at a very critical and trying part of my 
experience. My father's feelings having become considerably 
subdued toward me, and fearing that my brother's offer might 
be accepted by me, with a view to diverting ruy mind in 
another direction, he sent me an invitation to go and dine 
with him. While at the dinner table, he made me several 
kind and tempting offers of assistance to sustain myself and 
family, to all of which I replied that, as my mind was made 
up to go to Liverpool, I could not accept his proffered kind- 
ness. My refusal was cutting in the extreme to the feelings 
of my father and mother, and perhaps more so to my own. 
He was wounded and angry, saying, "He spurns our offers of 
help, we can do no more." 

This was our final interview, I never saw my parents after- 
wards. They have since died. 

( To be Continued. ) 



A FUNERAL IN THE EAST. 



BY H. F. 



ON the occasion of a death, four or six mourners are usu- 
ally hired, who take their position outside of the house, 
and set up a lamentation and wailing, as if grief-stricken, 
while the mortal remains are being, without delay, prepared 
for the bier. This consists of two rods of iron or bamboo, 
attached by cross spars. The corpse is wound in a sheet 
with the head tied in a napkin — according with the simple 
story of the Savior's sepulchre. The bier is supported at each 
corner upon a person's shoulder, and the procession takes up 
its melancholy march, usually led by a near relative carrying 
a live coal in his hand and uttering loud ejaculations of woe, 
in which the company join, in some instances amalgamated 
with music, wild and discordant. 

How easily could He, who is the resurrection and the life, 
on meeting such a procession, at the gate of the city of Nain, 
speak to the dead ! — no obstruction, not even the face to 
uncover ! The spirit ready to take possession of its deserted 
tenement and that to step to the earth, wipe the tear of 
anguish from the weeping mother, and return to the parental 
dwelling, the consolation of her widowhood. How changed 
the scene ! The tears of gratitude, so full of joy, flowing 
freely as did those of deep despair ; the son ten-fold more 
beloved than had death not stricken him ; the felicitous joy 
reciprocal, and the former gloom enhancing the present bliss. 
Faint emblem of the resurrection morning, when, at the 
thunder of the same voice, cruel death will yield its captives 
to life's immortality ! 

Some of the more intelligent Hindoo castes now bury 
their dead ; but the burning of the body is still practiced by 
the majority, hence the accompanying live coal, and, if in the 
night, the wierd torch. On the first lighting of the fagots 
the effluvia is very offensive ; but the sight is not so disgusting 
as when the surviving wife would take to the fire with the 
deceased husband— a custom now abolished in British India. 




43 



The Mahomedans canopy their bier with crimson strewn 
with flowers ; and sing as they march along. They bury the 
corpse with the face towards Mecca, the Mahomedan Jeru- 
salem. 

The iron biers are used by the Parsees, who are numerous 
in Western Hindostan. They worship God in the elements, 
as the sun, moon, fire, water, etc. ; and build large, round 
vaults for their dead, open and crated overhead, that the 
vultures may feed on their flesh, while the bones drop in the 
cavern below. It may have been the existence of this custom 
that drew forth the language used in Ezekiel o9-17 and Rev. 
19-17, in reference to the great judgment on Gog and Magog. 



INCIDENTS OF MISSION 
ARY LIFE. 



BY H. G. B01 r LE. 



WSS&z 



TN the year 1850, while laboring as a missionary in the 
-*■ State of California, I was solicited to preach in Santa 
Rosa, the county seat of Sonora county, by several of the citi- 
zens of the place. In order to comply with their wishes, I 
applied to the trustees of the several churches of that town, 
asking the privilege of using one of their churches in which 
to hold forth. However, as usual among the Christian sects, 
I was denied by all of them. 

I therefore applied to the sheriff, Mr. Green (who was not 
a religious man), for the use of the court-house, which was 
readily granted. Accordingly, I published an appointment 
for a meeting in the main hall in the court-house, to com- 
mence at 11 o'clock, a. m., Sunday, the 26th of August. 

Certain parties began immediately to circulate threats that 
I would not be allowed to hold a meeting at that place, and 
that if I attempted to, I would be mobbed. This created some 
excitement, and caused my friends some uneasiness. They 
feared for my safety if I attempted to fill my appointment. 
However, the sheriff sent me word to come along, that he 
would see that my meeting should not be disturbed. 

At the appointed hour, I was on hand to hold the meeting. 
Quite a crowd had assembled. Some of them were in my 
favor and some hostile. The sheriff and his deputy were also 
on hand to protect me, and invited me into the house, and to 
proceed with my meeting. 

I opened the meeting in the usual way, but no sooner had 
I commenced to talk than a man by the name of Amos Elliot, 
another by the name of Wallace, and another by the name of 
Tarwater, began to contradict everything I said. But the 
sheriff, and his assistants, were equal to the emergency. 
Calling on me to pause a moment they turned those noisy 
fellows into the street, taking up a position at the door to 
prevent them coming in again. I went on with my discourse 
to the end without further disturbance. 

•At the close of the meeting, however, as I was walking 
down the court-house steps, the men who had been ejected 
commenced abusing me with the most insulting language. 
Elliot said the "Mormons" had killed seven or eight of his 
people in Missouri. Lawyer Brown, standing near, observed 
that it was a great pity that the "Mormons" had not killed 
the rest of the family while they were at it, as it would have 
saved the people of California the trouble, as he had no doubt 
they would have it to do yet. 

A merchant by the name of Rosenberg, of Santa Rosa, next 
came to my defense, when Elliot made some insulting remark 



-j/3<! 




44 



CTTT^riEItTILIE IITSTBTJCTOB. 




to him, to which Mr. Rosenberg replied by knocking him 
down with his fist, and in such an impressive way as to save 
the necessity of repeating the dose. Some of Elliot's friends 
picked him up and led him from the field, bleediug profusely, 
while Mr. Rosenberg took me to the hotel for dinner. While 
at dinner he informed me that late in the autumn of 1S4'.i he 
arrived in Salt Lake City, a stranger and penniless, and that 
Brigham Young took him in, and gave him employment at 
fair wages, which enabled him, in the spring of L850, to finish 
his journey to California. He testified that .he had been 
treated kindly by our people, and added: ''I made a vow that 
if I ever met one of your people that needed any assistance, 
I would come to his relief. To-day afforded me the first 
opportunity." Mr. Rosenberg gave me a suit of clothes, and 
a five dollar subscription for the Western Standard, and was 
ever afterwards, while 1 stayed in that country, a fast friend. 

Now I must return to my other friend, Mr. Green, the 
sheriff. He never failed to afford protection to me when he 
could, and I needed it. And when he was a candidate for 
reelection, I voted for him. When the votes were counted, 
Mr. Green was elected by a majority of one vitr. The fact 
that my vote elected him found its way into the Petaluma 
Journal, and was copied by most of the papers of the State. 

The item was headed "One good turn deserves another." 
The substance of it was that the sheriff had given the "Mor- 
mon" preacher the use of the court house to preach in and 
had protected him against mob violence. 

The "Mormon," in turn, had elected him to a second term 
of office, worth ten thousand dollars to the sheriff. 

I have written this article to show how the Lord will raise 
up friends to protect His servants when abroad preaching the 
gospel, and in need of protection, and that He always blesses 
those who render us aid. Truly did the Savior say : "Who- 
soever shall give a cup of cold water in the name of a disciple 
shall receive a disciple's reward." 



LETTER 



TO THE 
FOLKS. 



Y O TJ N G 



S \i.t Lake Crrr, 

January -JO. 1881. 
My Deab JToung Correspondents: 

Hannah MARTINA Petxhson, St. .To-eph, Arizona: — For 
a little girl only ten years old, your letter is prettily written 
and indited, and the spirit of it denotes a mind beyond your 
Did no one assist or dictate to you? I am sometimes 
east down by the course of many of our young people, but 
when 1 get such sweet letters from my young correspondents, 
I feel refreshed and strenethencd, and I think of the Prophet 
Elijah. Be Baw so much apostasy, that he. thoueht he alone 
«:i- left of those who had been the Lord- people. But the 
Lord C indescended to reason with him, and comforted him by 
Bayiog: "I have reserved to myself seven thousand in [sracl 
who have not bowed the knee to Baal." This should -how 
ii- that we cannot judge by appearance: we, therefore, should 
leave the judgment Beat to those whose right it i- to judge. 
Son say truly. I do take a irreat interest in the young boys 
and L'irl-. Y"'i -.. / you nrc going to school, and that you 
have a good day -ehool and Sunday school, which I am very 
glad to hear, and that you "got four hundred credit- in >ix 
months." This seems to me an unusual number. Y "n 
thank God for all His eifts to you in a sweet graceful spirit : 



and this we should all remember to do, for He is the giver 
"of every good gift," and the great first cause of all ! Thank 
you, dear, for your sweet innocent blessing, which is my 
reward. Write again soon, and ever think of me as one who 
loves wise and virtuous young people, wherever they may be. 

Elva Tolman : — Dear Elva, it is a pretty name, and your 
letter is well written, the spirit in it is good, the writing is 
excellent! I see by it, thatjou are fulfilling your duties to 
the best of your ability. Continue in so doing, and you will 
attain all the aspirations with which your letter abounds. 
You -desire to be useful in the kingdom of God. Bless you, 
dear girl, for that desire; and have faith, and God will help you 
to attain it. The path of life, to most of the young, has hitherto 
been light and flowery, but, as Saints, they must be tested to 
prove what their principles are, whether they are for God or 
Baal. At present, it seems "vanity fair" is all they aim at. 
Of course, there are exceptions, but they are decidedly the 
few. You will find their pictures drawn exactly in the Book 
of Mormon, and also in a most remarkable degree in the 
Bible. There is no effect without a cause, and the cause of 
all this can be easily traced by the thinking mind. 

I was present at the semi-monthly meeting of the relief 
societies in this city, recently, and there heard a speech from 
a young lady, all of which ought to have been written. She 
has been a wife aud mother for some years, and has for some 
time been a widow; still she is a young girl. She spoke on 
celestial marriage, with the spirit and with the understanding 
also. She understands the subject practically, and I felt that 
surely her mission would be to lecture to her sisters upon that 
momentous but ill-understood subject. Hers was a "voice 
from which there could be no appeal." Her ideas were clear, 
concise and conclusive. It seemed to me that no one 
could hear that address and not be convinced of the truth 
and the sanctity of that holy principle. Her elocution was 
fine, every word distinct and expressive; but it was in my 
mind, much as I appreciate elocution, a secondary consider- 
ation to the subject, and the spirit in which she ennunciated 
her sentiments upon the principle. 

My dear .young si.-ter, you say you would like to do the 
work of a good and great woman. I would say, imitate the 
young sister I have been describing, Zina Y. Williams. She 
has the spirit of both her father and her mother united in 
her composition, and heartily do I say "God uphold, sus- 
sustain and inspire her continually, that she may be a blessing 
to her sisters, and to all whom she is associated with." Con- 
tinue, dear, as you have begun; be humble and meek, but 
never abject. Be firm, yet ever teachable, gentle, but not 
supine. Lead, aud think much upon what you read and see 
and hear: and pray day by day to God to enlighten your 
mind with His Spirit, that you may be able to have a 
righteous jumdgnient in ail things that belong to your place 
and Bphere. I shall pray for you, and trust you wiil for 

Your Friend, 

Hannah T. King. 

P. S.- I have received Ray Vancott's letter; he shall be 
answered next time. H. T. K. 



Tiiihciiiii i m -- for others, generosity, modesty, and self- 
respect, are the qualities which make a real gentleman or lady, 
as distinguish! d from the veneered article which commonly goes 
by the name. 






£ 



' v- • 



m 




' CX ^Sl:i 



j-TJ^rinn^riLE iustbtjotob. 



45 



CALLED OF G O L> 



BY E. E. B. 



TN all ages of the world, whenever God desires any work 
A performed in His name, He invariably delegates men to 
perform the same by conferring upon them the authority of 
the Holy Priesthood. Through His prophets, the Lord, at 
various times, has denounced and condemned those who pre- 
tended to the powers of the Priesthood, directly or indirectly, 
through their callings or otherwise, and has declared, through 
the Apostle Paul, that no man should assume the honor of 
administering in the ordinances of God's house except ho 
be called of God and ordained, as was Aaron. My 
desire is to relate, in this connection, an incident which 
occurred while I was on Jersey Island, in the English Chan- 
nel, in the summer of 1879. 

At that time the over-zealous sect known as the Salvation 
Army, was making ' 'an advance' ' upon the city of St. Heliers, 
converting numbers to their belief, that as soon as they expe- 
rienced "religion" they were actually saved. 

One morning, I listened to a young man, a lieutenant in the 
army, preaching upon what he termed the only way 
to be saved, inviting all to "come to Christ," but omit- 
ting to tell his congregation how or in what manner they 
were to come. In his remarks he made an assertion that 
he was called of God and not of man to preach the gospel and 
that his testimony would stand against those who rejected it, 
at the last day. Considering such language too stroDg from a 
pretender, I stepped up to him at the close of the services, 
which, by the way, were held out-doors, explaining, in a loud 
tone, that, as I disagreed with him upon several points, I 
wished to talk with him. He readily assented to a conversa- 
tion, and the inquiring crowd pressed close to hear what my 
objections to his remarks were. 

Our conversation was about as follows : 

"I heard you say that you were called of God and not of 
man to preach this gospel. I would like to know if that is a 
fact." 

"Yes, sir, that is quite true," replied the preacher. 

"Then, if you are, I will agree' with you that your testi- 
mony will stand against us at the last day ; but I am going to 
see whether you are, or are not. Now, when the Lord 
wanted an idolatrous nation converted to the truth, he raised 
up a man — Moses — whom he endowed with great power to 
work miracles, etc., to convince that people. Moses was 
called of God by direct revelation. Are you called of God 
after such a manner? 

"0, no," he replied, "I don't pretend to be." 

"There is still one more way in which a man may be law- 
fully called. Moses called Aaron to the ministry, and having 
been thus called, Aaron's calling was as legal as that of Moses. 
Are you called after the manner of Aaron's calling — by a man 
who himself has been called of God by revelation?" 

"No, sir, I have not," was the reply. 

"Then, sir, you must be an impostor, for the Apostle Paul, 
writing to the Hebrews, said (v. iv.) that "no man taketh this 
honor upon himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron. ' ' 
And as you do not even profess to be called lawfully, you have 
told this congregation an untruth and your testimony is vain." 

At this juncture he wanted to leave, but I informed him I 
still disagreed with him on other points. I continued : 

"In your sermon, I heard you exhort this audience to cher- 
ish faith in God and also to repent of their sins. That, sir, is 




very good for it is a portion of the gospel of Jesus Christ. But 
is there nothing else necessary to be performed by a candidate 
for salvation, besides believing and repenting? I will com- 
pare your sermon of faith and repentance with one taken 
from the Bible. You remember that when Peter had con- 
vinced his audience, on the day of Pentecost, that they had 
crucified the Savior, and when they were pricked in their 
hearts and believed in Jesus Christ, crying one to another, 
"Men and brethren, what shall we do," that Peter said to 
them, "Repent, and be baptized, every one of you for the 
remission of your sins, and youshall receive the Holy Ghost." 
Here are three things — baptism, the remission of sins and the 
Gift of the Holy Ghost that you did not say a word about in 
your sermon in which you professed to tell the people how 
they could be saved. 

"Well!" he answered, "a person can't say everything in 
one sermon !" 

"Very true. But you never do preach it, you don't prac- 
tice it, nor you don't believe in it, and I challenge you to say 
that you do." He could not answer. This was more than 
he could stand ; so, after shaking hands several times he took 
leave, the crowd laughing at his plight in not being able to 
answer the arguments brought up. But, had that numerous 
audience known that I was' a "Mormon" how different would 
have been the result of the impromptu discussion, that is, so 
far as their personal acquaintance was concerned. But being 
then a complete stranger upon the island and unknown to the 
assembly, they coincided with my views which were but the 
plain, first principles of the gospel, compared with the false 
views of the religious teachers of the nineteenth century. 



Learn to Untie Strings.— One story of the eccentric 
Stephen Girard says that he once tested the quality of a boy 
who applied for a situation by giving him a match loaded at 
both ends, and ordering him to light it. The boy struck the 
match, and after it had burned about half its length, threw it 
away. Girard dismissed him because he did not save the 
other end for future use. The boy's failure to notice that 
the match was a double-end one was natural enough, con. 
sidering how matches are generally made ; but haste and 
heedlessness (a habit of careless observation) are responsible 
for a great part of the waste of property in the world. 

Said one of the most successful merchants of Cleveland, 
Ohio, to a lad who was opening a parcel : "Young man, untie 
the strings — do not cut them." 

It was the first remark he had made to a new employe. 
It was the first lesson the lad had to learn, and involved the 
first principles of success or failure in his business career. 
Pointing to a well-dressed man behind the counter he 
said: 

"There is a man who always whips out his scissors and cuts 
the strings of the packages in three or four places. He is a 
salesman, but he will never be anything more. I presume he 
lives from hand to mouth, and 1 presume is more or less in 
debt. The trouble with him is that he was never taught to 
save. 

"I told the boy just now to untie the string, not so much 
for the value of the strings, as to teach him that everything 
is to be saved aud nothing wasted. If the idea can be firmly 
impressed upon the mind of a beginner in life that nothing 
was made to be wasted, you have laid the foundation of suc- 
cess. 




f 



■®s>* 



46 



■TTT "VIE UNTIL IE IUSTRUCTOB, 




THE LAMB OF GOD. 



THE Lord Jesus Christ is often called the Lamb of God. 
Before He was born in the flesh, His servants who held 
the holy Priesthood were commanded by God to offer lambs as a 
sacrifice. This sacrifice was a type or similitude of the sacri- 
fice of the Lamb of God, our Savior. Adam; Abel, Seth, 
Noah, Abraham, Jaco'b and many others offered up sacrifices ; 
and when the Aaronic Priesthood was conferred upon man, the 
priests of that order had a great many commands given to 
them with regard to this rite. 

The Savior is also called the Lamb slain from before the 
foundation of the world. The reason is, before this world 
was made a home for man, it was known that Adam would 
break the law of God. When Adam sinned he shut himself 
out of the presence of God, and it needed someone who was 
without .-in to atone for that transgression, by giving His life 
for a ransom. Jesus, the Son of God, was then chosen to do 
this. He .was in the begiuuing with God. He is the light 
and the Redeemer of the world. "The worlds were made by 
Him: men were made by Him: all things were made by 
Him, and through Him and of Him." TheSavior offered Him- 
self that by the shedding of His blood all maukind might be 
saved. 

Will all men be saved? All will be saved who accept this 
sacrifice made by the Sou 
of God, and will obey His 
gospel For that is the 
condition that He has im- 
posed. If we rebel against 
His law. and will not do .^m^aics 
Hi- will, we .-hall not be 
benefited by His atone- 
men. 

Jesus came on earth to 
do His Father's will. He had no other wish, no other thought. 
So -hould we all. We should all strive to do God's will. 
for we must know: 

"Their way of lives, dominion, glory — all ; 
Who make His will their staff ne'er know a tall.'' 

We are sometimes called the sheep of God's pasture; that 
i-. if we are trulj Saints. Then Jesus i- called our Shepherd, 
because He watch.- lards, protects, guides, feeds, 

shelters and preserves tbi Bis I h trcb. He is the 

Good Shepherd. Our picture is supposed to convey this 
idea. We regret it is such a poor one. The shepherd is 
there shown with one of the tender lamb- in his arms, and is 
a type of tic love which the Savior bears fur us all. So 

mat i- His love thai He gave His life for us that we might 

!t it bad DOl been for Him we could never have 

returned to the presence of < '• id; we never could have entered 
er should have been free from the power of 
Satan : death would have bad i ternal hold on us: but as it i-. 
He i i red the grave, over- 

threw Satan, and place- within our reach everlasting joy, and 
happiness, and glory, and bli - 

Now. after you have n ad this, will you turn to your Uible, 
ami find out who it was who -aid. when Jesus drew nigh unto 
him, ''Behold the Lamb ol God, who taketh away the sin of 
the world?" 




* w 



HOW MY PRAYER WAS 
ANSWERED. 



In the last chap-ter, I told you how the 
Lord blest Cor-ne-li-us and Jo-seph Smith. 
I will now tell you how He has blest 
me. 

When I was a lit-tle boy, I lived in a 
coun-try where there was plen-ty of tim- 
ber. I went in-to the woods and prayed 
man-y times. One thing 1 used to pray 
for was that the Lord would lead me to 
the truth. I do not know what made me 
pray for this, un-less it was the Lord, 
for I did not think much a-bout the 
gos-pel. 

When I grew to be old-er, I heard one 
of the El-ders preach, and I be-lieved 
ev-er-v word he said. But I was not as 
good a boy as 1 used to be. I had not 
prayed to the Lord for a long time, and 
I would some-times get an-gry and say 
bad words. Al-though I be-lieved the 
gos-pel I was not con-tent, for 1 want-ed 
to know wheth-er it was true or not. So 
one night, I went in-to a dark room to as]; 
the Lord a-bout it. 1 thought I had a 
great deal of faith, but when I tried to 
pray I found I had none. Then 1 thought 
of nil my sins and 1 be-gan to trem-ble, 
for I was a -f raid the Lord might send an 
an-gel to re-buke me, and how would I 
dare to look him in the face? This made 
me shud-der, so 1 ran out of the room. 

In a few days, I read in theBi-ble that 
the Lord did not hear sin-ners. but that 
He hoard those who did liis will. I 
want-ed the Lord to hear me, so 1 tried to 
o-bey Him. I quit get-ting an-gry and 
say-ing evil words. Then 1 was bap-tized, 



ilw- 





J" TT "VEIN" I LIE IITSTEUCTOR. 



47 




and the El-ders laid their hands on me 
for the gift of the Hofy Ghost. Then the 
Lord made it known to me that the El- 
ders preached the true gos-pel. How 
glad that made me feel! 1 thanked Him 
and I still thank Him that He an-swered 
my prayer in lead-ing me to the truth. 

B. 



LETTER FROM THE SOUTH. 



George's Camp, Jones Co., Miss., 

Jan. 30, 1882. 
Readers of the Instructor: 

Dear Little Brothers and Sisters : — 

Knowing bow well all little folks (and large ones too) like to 
receive a letter, I will write you one from the sunny South, 
where 1 am at present laboring as a missionary, to spread the 
gospel of truth, as it has been revealed to the Prophet Joseph 
Smith in these last days. 

So that you mav know just where I am writing from, open 
your geographies to the map of the Southern States. Now, 
by the scale of miles given on the map, measure one hundred 
miles from the Gulf of Mexico, north along the east side of 
Mississippi ; then from there fifty miles west, and you are 
right here in a land where there are no mountains. 

What! No mountains? Then how can you tell where the 
valleys are ? 

Why, there are no valleys either. Can you imagine how a 
country would look without mountains or valleys? Well, I 
could not until I saw it. The surface of the country all around 
here is diversified with ridges and hollows, all co.vered with a 
heavy growth of timber, except where it has been cleared 
(that is cut down and burned) for cotton farms. 

But these farms, or clearings, are seldom larger than twenty 
acres, and many of them do not contain more than from five 
to ten acres. So that when we find a little hill, as we some- 
times do, from the top of which we can look out over the 
country for a few miles, scarcely anything can be seen but the 
tops of the trees, like an immense sea of green, waving in the 
breeze. Nearly every hollow has a small stream of water 
flowing in it, called a branch. A great many of these branches, 
united together form creeks and rivers. The low land along 
the creeks and rivers is called swamps. As a general thing, 
a person can only see from a quarter to a half mile, so we can 
almost shout for joy, when we find a hill from the top of which 
we can see a few miles. 

I have now told you something of the looks of the land of 
alligators, panthers, raccoons, opossums, squirrels and cotton- 
tail rabbits, besides birds and snakes in almost endless variety. 
Perhaps at some future time I may write to you again about 
some of these. May God bless the youth of Zion. 
Your brother. 

S. D. M. 




PERSUASION, not coercion, tends t.i elevation. — l.o.l. 



LEVITY. 



BY J. C. 



~VX rHILE it is quite proper that we should have the stern 

* * duties of life somewhat spiced and modified with recre- 
ation and enjoyment, no reflective person will deny that the 
inordinate indulgence in frolic is an evil which ought to be 
carefully avoided. 

Everyone knows that food, properly seasoned, is more 
palatable and digestible than it would be were it always served 
in a plain, monotonous, crude state, yet this does not lessen 
the fact that the same food, over-dosed with spices, would be 
a stupid waste of means, and very obnoxious and hateful to 
the system. 

As with the functions of the body, so with those of the 
mind. In order to have sound, healthy, well-developed 
minds and morals, we must always have our enjoyments 
properly seasoned and tempered with wisdom and moder- 
ation. 

There is a vast amount of religious, moral and intellectual 
application and training necessary to fit and prepare us for 
the proper discharge of life's duties, and time is too precious 
to be squandered in the extreme practice of pleasure-seeking. 

Duty, from necessity, must always stand pre-eminent. Its 
place is in the front ranks of life's affairs. Pleasure can never 
justly predominate. Its proper sphere is to assist, but not to 
assign, and those who permit duty to be circumscribed by 
enjoyment, must, sooner or later, suffer the foolish man's 
reward. 

In treating the subject of levity, a great many things 
naturally suggest themselves for consideration, a few of 
which only can be here presented. Levity unhinges the 
mind for serious reflection and concentration, and carries it 
often away until it becomes purposeless and fickle. It leads 
many to think of dances, theaters, concerts, billiard saloons. 
trashy novels, etc., when they ought to be thinking of how 
they can become acquainted with science, art, history, 
religion, etc., and somtimes end in leading persons, naturally 
chaste and virtuous, into the vortex of sin and dissipation. 

We know that the young mind is naturally fond of fun and 
frolic, but as youth must ripen into age, and as we shall be 
expected some day to take a responsible stand in society, we 
must not allow youthful indifference and error to debar us 
from future honor and usefulness. Youth is the proper time 
for the acquisition of sound, solid, life aims. And it has 
been a life-long regret with thousands of good, honest men 
and women that they let the golden opportunities of youth 
pass unimproved. 

As we do not wish to further infringe on valuable space, we 
leave the few remarks here made for the consideration of the 
kind reader, trusting that they may be the means of awaken- 
ing a little reflection on the subject of too much levity. 



Regrets. — Indulging in regrets over past follies and oppor- 
tunities that have slipped by unimproved may be set down as 
a useless practice. Some people spend half their lives in* 
listlessly repining over what has passed. It would be far more 
sensible to let the past go for what it is worth — or remember 
it only to profit by its lessons, and devote the energies of life to 
looking out for the future, llegrets accomplish nothing, hope, 
industry, perseverence, everything. 




TOT 




J" TX "VEIN" XL IE IImSTRTJOTOB. 




W ANTED OX THE O T H E R SIDE 



Words by C. W. S. 



Music by Jno. S. Lewis. 




But with words most trufi and tender, 
Someone whispers at our side, 

"Service he has gone tr render, 
Wanted n the other side I" 

"Wanted? Yes, to preach salvation I 
Visit friends long passed away, 

Father, mother, dear relation, 
Longer here he could not stay ! 

They were waiting there to see him, 
He willi us could not abide, 



Kests his clay in mausoleum, 
Spirit on "the other side I" 

While we mourn, their welcomes greet him, 

Hail to one so nobly born ! 
"With what joy they flock to meet him, 

Him for whom we mortals mourn ! 

Cease your sobs! Oh, cease your weeping, 

In your Savior now confide, 
He is in the Lord's safe keeping, 

Wanted on the other side .' 



THOUGHTS ON WEALTH. 



ENIGMA. 



BY YV.U. F. LEONARD 



BY J V 



When poverty stings me, 



I'm soothed in my feeling 



By watching the footprints of trouble and eare. 
And the echoes that roll down the ages, revealing 
That pride is misfortune, and riches a snare. 

I crave not the fortune that fancy bewitches; 

My conscience forbids me the dark deeds of sin ; 
I trim not the magnet-the meshes of riches- 

Wiih pomp ••" the surface, but anguish within. 

Por what COUld wealth's trophies or honors avail me, 
Did subtle allurements my ruin impart? 

They'd be but grim spectres to haunt and assail me, 
Or poison-tipped arrows to canker my heart. 

V.. Powers who support us, and mete each his measure 
I l| fate or of fortune Thy wisdom sees best, 

Deny me forever the brief grasp of treasure, 
Than see me with -in and with sorrow reesed. 

But if in Thy purp 1 am to be tested 

With think- Of the earth till my cup overflow, 
I ,. .often my heart, that Thy bounties, so vested, 
May freely e\te„.l lo the needy below. 

That I may be bleat for the grace Thou hast tendered. 

And loved for the gift! Thou ha^t strewn in my way, 
And, at last, with my stewardship faithfully rendered. 

Leave a record behind that shall never decay. 



My first is in Washington, there let it be; 
My second is in Europe, far over the sea; 

tlii id is iii good, hut not iii bad ; 

fourth is in merry, bul not in sad ; 

filth is in young, but not in old; 



Mv 
My 

Mv 



My sixth is in heat, but DOt in cold; 



My 

My 
My 
My 



seventh is in equal, but not in 'M ; 

eighth is in clay, but not in sod ; 

ninth is in labor, but not iii work; 

tenth is in meeting, bul not in kirk ; 
My eleventh is in woman, but not in L'irl ; 
Mv twelfth is in mountain, but cot in hill; 
My thirteenth in ocean, but not in rill; 
My whole is the Dame of ;i well known man. 
Now hoys and .lt iris work this out if you can. 



The answer to the Charade published in No. 1, is Oak- 
nation. The an.-wer to the Puzzle published in the same 

number is BoiINI). We have received ;i correct sullutioli of 

each from B. J. Beer, Salt Luke City. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

I» Published in Salt Luke City, Utah Territory.. 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GKOItOK Q,. CANNON, 

t;Kom;K c. lamiieht, 



- - - - KD1TOH, 
Itt SI.VKSS MANAGER. 



TKRMS IN ADVANCE: 
Suii/h Copy, V' r Annum - - - $2.00. 



