
VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1876. 



SO. IT. 



TUB iT O I^ T H: El I^ 3Sr LIGHITS- 



Iv all temperate ami culJ countries there are seen at times 
luminous ai)peur mees in the heavens, e>peoiall}' in the far 
off regions of the north; the nearer the pole the more grand 



lights had all the appearance of a fearful cnnflagratinn, >o 
much so that the fire companies were called out, it being sup- 
posed that an extensive fire was raging. 





(he display. These are tlic ".\urora IJorfalif," or Northern 
Lights, the cause of which is not as jet fully iii.dir.'loud, 
although supposed to he connected with electricity. 

In this country and in Europe ihcro have teen at times 
markable auroral displays; it is said that in sonic jiIikts the 



Many of our rrnders will doul)tlcs« rcnicnihcr tlic grnii.i 
di.'phiy of Northern Lights tliiU occiirrcil aliout iJic time ol 
the entrance of .Iiditin'n's aimy into our Territory, in \^'i^. 
The light waH to hrilliaiit ilmt many of the pcoplo in i tali 
(,'oiirily not fauiiliiir with mh li phinnnii'na, faiii'i"d it w 





194: 



CrTJ"V"E]:N"ILE! insrSTI?.TJCTOI?y. 






caused by a general burning of all tlie houses in Salt Lake 
City. 

In the engraving we can get a jiretty good idea of the 
general appearance of the aurora but it is impossible to picture 
the splendor and beauty of the Xortheru Lights as seen in 
j'olar regions. 

There is also represented in the picture the beautiful rein- 
deer, which in Lapland and countries near the Arctic circle is 
u^ed for food clothing and means of traveling. In no other 
country could the reindeer live; it is just adapted for snow and 
ice-bound regions like those here represented. 



5\ ^.Ti-p to ^tit; ^uti}jt£iilc,^» 



CHAPTER XVII. 



BY HIGH KNOUGH. 




VTkw Zealand appears to have been discovered and first 
11 peopled by the .^laori race. At what time the discovery 
wa- made is a mystery, and when they did arrive they undoubt- 
edly found no other inhabitants on the islands. 

The first European who made known the e.\i.stence of these 
i-him.ls to the civilized world was the iHitch navigator, Tasman, 
who vi.sited them in the year 104li. He did not land on any 
]iart of the islands, but, having had a boat's crew cut off by 
the natives in the bay now known as Massacre Bay, he eon- 
tented himself by sailing along the western coast of the Xorth 
Island, and fiuitted its shore without taking possession of the 
country in the name of the government he served, a formality, 
which, according to the law of nations (which regards the 
occupation by savages as a thing of very small account!, would 
entitle the iKitch to call New Zealand theirs — at least so far 
as to exclude other civilized nations from colonizing it, and 
ionferring upon themselves the right to do so. Tasman, how- 
ever, had the honor of giving the i.slands the name they now 
bear, calling them after the island of Zealand lying at the 
entrance of the Baltic Sea in ?-urope. 

From the time of Tasman's flying visit until the year ITi'i'.i, 
n3 stranger is known to have visited these islands, but in that 
year Captain Cook, before mentioned, reached them, in the 
course ot the first of those voyages of great enterjjrise which 
have made his name illustrious. 

Here, I think it will be interesting to my read'-r-; to give a 
brief .sketch of the lite of this great sailor, Captain Cook, 
-bowing how Vjy industry and study he rose from being a jcoor 
boy to be the greatest sailor the world ever had. 

He was born at Wiiitby, a small seaport town in Vorkshire, 
England, and when <(uite a lad went to sea a> a cabin boy — 
the lowest office on board a .sliip — and was soon after ajijiren- 
liced on board a collier 'a coal ves.sel '. running between Whitby 
and the Baltic ports. 

Children in Ctah cannot have any conception of the hard- 
ships and severe life that the>e poor collier boy> experienced, 
but young Cook bore it all with fortitude; and although it was 
verj- rough, it proved aTi excellent school to make a practical 
seaman of him. But this lad aimed at something higher than 
to be a mere jiractical seaman. 

After becoming a mate in the merchant >ervice; be entered 

the riival navy, and by strenuous perseverance and diligent use 

r his leisure hours, he became an excellent mathematician 



and astronomer, and a skillful nautical surveyor. He had some 
war experience in fighting against the French in Canada — 
fin' that country belonged then to that nation — and he execut- 
ed some useful surveys on the coasts and rivers of that country: 
and when it was determined by King (leorge III., of England, 
to prosecute new voyages of discovery into the Southern 
Seas, Cook's ability was recognized, and, with the rank of 
lieutenant in the navy, he was appointed to conduct the expe- 
dition. 

His first voyage was tr> the island of Tahiti, fwhich we have 
already described], for the purpose of making an important 
astronomical observation. Having performed this duty, his 
instructions directed him to visit New Zealand, of which 
uothiuL' more was known than the little which Tasman had 
told. He landed on the east coast of the North Island, in 
C>ctober, 17(10, at a place which he named Poverty Bay. 

According to Maori tradition, the natives on shore, when 
Cook's ship approached, mistook it for, a gigantic bird, and 
were struck with the beauty and .size of its wings, as they 
supposed the sails to be; but on seeing a smaller bird, unfledg- 
ed (the ships boat), descending into the water, and a number 
of parti-colored beings, apparently in human shape, the bird 
was regarded as a house full of divinities. 

Nothing could exceed their astonishment. The sudden 
death of their chief was regarded as a thunderbolt of these 
new gods, for the noise made by the .sailor's guns they mistook 
for thunder. So fear!'ul and scared were they, that Cook 
could not do anything with them, so ^e weighed anchor and 
visited other parts of the country, and, through kindness and 
making presents, he managed at last to get ac(|uainted with 
the natives. He found them savages in the fullest sense of 
the word. Cook says: "They knew nothing of mechanical 
arts, their skill being limited to scooping a ca noe out of a tree and 
weaving coarse clothing out of the fibres of the flax, and such 
like pvimiti.'e employments. Beasts of burden they had none 
— the wihena (woman I supplied their place. They cultivated 
in a rough manner only two root.s — the kumera, or sweet potatoe, 
and the taro; their food consisted of these plants, eels and 
sea fish. rats, wild fowl and human flesh — for cannibalism was 
the universal and daily practice of the race. A provision 
basket was seldom seen without having in it a human head or 
other evidence of the fact, and so incessant was their warfare 
that they were never short of a .supply of human flesh. Their 
religious notions were of a confused order, involving good and 
evil demons, but without any idea of worship or prayer. Their 
priests wielded a sort of half moral and half political power 
in the institution of the 'taboo,' to which they subjected whom 
they pleased, and the infringment of which involved punish- 
ments of the severest sorts. Infanticide was common amongst 
them, and virtue was unknown." 

A moment's reflection on their habits of life, as described by 
Captain Cook, must convince us that their decadence, like the 
Lamanites, but to a far more horrible extent, must have .set in 
before he arrived among them. Cook did what little was pos- 
silt'e towards improving the condition of these savages. He 
tried, liut failed, to establi.«h the sheep and goat, neither long 
surviving the attemiit; but with the pig he was more successful, 
for it increased "-apidly, that now their descendants .are, as I 
have already described, a iireat annoyance to the colonists. 
He also gave them the potato and various kinds of garden 
seeds, the former of which they cultivated with success, and 
evidences of the la*ter are found all over the country, in the 
wild cabbage, turnip and other degenerated plants. He also 
gave them tools, implemetits and clothing. 







J" TJ "V E ItT I H, E IIsrSTI?.TJCTOI^ 



195 




ieaues Jbom h 



ity ci. M. o. 



TIIK ARArCANIANS. 




rpilK Ara\icaiii;iiisiiih;il>it the southern )>art of Chili. Before, 
X and at the time of, tlie arrival of the fir.st t'juroi eaiis. 
their country aonipri-^ed the southern region of the Cordillera 
and its declivities from the extremity of Patatronia to ;'0° 
south latitude. The title "Arauoanos " was given to them \y 
the Spaniards. Their geneial title was "Alapn-che," or people 
of_the land; h\it they were soiviratrd into three sfeat divisiors, 
called the "Pehuen-elie," or people of the east; "Mara-che," 
or people of the west; and "Hiiili eho," <v far off people, 
being tho.se nearest to the Pa^iginians. Some wiiters sta'e 
that the country was divided into four nearlv erpial portions, 
to which they gave the name of th" "raarit'nie" country, the 
'"plain" country, the country '"at the foot of the Andes," and 
that of the "Andes, " F.ach of these divisions was divided 
into five ,smaller ones; and each of the five subdivided into nine 
still les,s. 

The government is aristocratic, in which there are three 
order.? or ranks with eradations, called the "'toipiis," the "asse- 
ulmenes" and the ""iiiinenes. " Eacii order his its badge or 
insignia. The triple power constituting the soverei.en authority 
is vested in a diet or grand council, which is generally held on 
some large plain where they meet to deliberate and feast. All 
the ''caciques," or chiefs are considered to be equal in point of 
rank; and independent of each other, though one is chosen to 
be head chief of the district. From the head chiefs of the 
various districts one is cho,sen as the "toqui," or head of the 
province; they form 'the supreme council who manage the 
aflairs of the nation. From among them one is .;elected as 
president of the council, and is called by a title which signifies 
the grand tO(jui. He is the highest iiersonage in the state. 
He summons a council when occasion requires, watches over the 
weIfare,of the country, presents before his colleagues important 
information, an<l. on sjjecial occasions he can act on his own 
authoritv — Vmt here is a curious part of Araucanian govern- 
ment. The supreme council has only the Internal management 
of the nation, and is technically called the "council of peace." 
When war is declared it falls into altevance. and its place is 
taken by the 'council of war," and is headed by the toqui of 
war. who has unlimited power, except over life. He appoints 
the offices, orders conscritttion in each district, detailing the 
number of warriors required, and the amount of supplies 
needed. As soon as ])eace is concluded, he and his council 
retire from office, and the council of peace resumes its sway. 

When the grand council elects a commander in chief to lead 
them to war hi' may belonu: to the inferior ranks, if he is 
thought of greater ability than any one in the higher order. 
A race of hardy mountaineers, called the Puelches. formally a 
distinct people from the Araucanians. have united with them 
under the .same government, and are entitled to have the vice 
toqui chosen from among them. 

When Fenlinand Pizzam returned to Spain l.aden witn 
the riches confiscated in Peru, the emperor received him with 
honor and attention. The authoritv of his brother Francisco 
(captain general) was confirmed with new powers, and with an 
addition to liis territory, which was to reach seventy leagues 

irther south. To Almagro. his companion, was given the 



title of adelantado. or governor with jurisdiction over two 
hundred leagues of country, beyond the southern boundary of 
Pizzaro's province. Almagro passed the Andes from Peru to 
take po.ssession of his province (f'hili) in l."i.'U-,J. He lost a 
great part of his army from lack of food and the cold. They 
found the plains of Chili to be a fertile country, but inhabited 
by a race of men very different from the Peruvians. They 
were bold and hardy, and defended themselves with a skill 
that astonished the Spaniards. Although Almagro penetrated 
some distance into the coui.t-y, he did not attempt to make 
.settlements. Hearing that the Peruvians had risen in rebellion 
against his countrymen, he hastened his return to Cuzco, 
choosing a different route from the one bv which he had 
entered the country, pa,ssing along the sandy jilains on the sea 
coast. Here he suffered as mucfi from heat and the want of 
water as he had on his former route, from ci:>ld and want of 
food. 

A few years later — ],")4i) — Pedro de Valdivia enteied the 
Chilian territory, iMeeting wi h little resistenee from the 
inhabitants of the northern portion of the couuti"y, he only 
halted on his march to lead a dozen men with a few allies in 
the valley of Coquimbo, while with the main body he pushed 
on toward the plain in which lies the present city of ."Santiago. 

The first reliable account we have of the history of the 
Araucanians is the beginning of their wars with the Siianiards 
under the leadership of Valdivia. in ] T).".!!. The Europeans 
having invaded the province of Pence, four thousand Arauca- 
nians, under their leader, or '"toqui," named Aillavila, marched 
to assist the inhabitants. He crossed the river Biobio, the 
n irtl- e n boundary of Araucania, and boldly offered the Sjianiards 
battle. Unlike the Peruvian.s, whom the Spaniards had but 
lately conquered, the Araucanians were not terrified or discon- 
certed by the discharge of cannons or other fire arms, but sys- 
tematically attacked their enem.v in front and on the flanks. 
The Spaniards were thrown into confusion. A'aldivia had his 
horse killed under him, and was in danger of losing his life. 
Unfortunately for the Araucanians, the toqui received a mortal 
wound, in consequence of which the natives fell back, though 
still presenting a bold front, and in such eood order that the 
Eunqieans durst not iiursue them. A'aldivia, who had partici- 
pated in many battles, both in Europe and America, declared 
that his life had never been expo.sod to greater danger in any of 
them than in this engagement. The next j-ear the toqui Linco- 
van led the Indian army. The Spaniards, remembering the 
formerbattle and overcome with terror, took shelterbehind their 
fortifications, where they confessed themselves and recci\ed 
the sacrament. Lincoyan fiercely attacked them, but wa- 
unsiucoessful, and obliged to retreat. The Spaniards ascribe.l 
their successful defense and victory to the interpo.sition of St. 
James, their patron Saint, who, they affirmed was seen, 
mounted on a white hor.se, and holding in his hand a flaminir 
sword, driving back their enemies. The war lasted for a year, 
with varying success on both sides, when \'aldivia, rcceivim; 
reinforcements from Peru, assumed the oftensivc, and, unop- 
posed by Tiincoyai!, he penetrated into thecountry of Araucania 
as far as the river Cauteu, Here he built a city which was 
called "Imperial," and also sent a division of his army t.. 
found another city on the river Lauqucn, which \va> call.d 
Yillarica. 

Renewing his march, he traversed the whole of .Vraucania. 
from north to south, meeting with little opposition and >mall 
loss of men, until he arrived at the territory of tlie Cunches, 
allies of the .\rau(^anos, an<l valiant warriors. They had an 
army prei)arcd to oppo.se X'aldivia'.i pa,s.sage of the river Cal 





19S 



jTJ^EnsriiiiE insrsTT^uoTOi^ 




calla. The Cunches general, however, for some reason, fell 
1 ;ick and permitted the invaders to cross unmolested. A'al- 
divia here founded another city, to which he gave his own 
name. 

The Spanish commander, satisfied with his conquests, after 
reaching this point, made preparations to return and devote 
his time to the building of forts and cities in various parts of 
the country. Lorenzo de Ercilla, a Spaniard, who accompan- 
ied the expedition and afterwards wrote a poem, called the 
"Araucano," descriptive of this campaign, says the Spaniards 
in their southern march had to fight many severe battles; but 
he gives us no details. 

( To he Continued. ) 



"LETTEI^S TO OTJI^ OSCIL- 



FROM A MI.SSIONARY IN THE SOUTHERN STATES. 




"4 ITER the planter had saved us from the ravages of the 

Ix. tobacco worm, he trimmed us up. taking off some of 
our leaves. This is called 'priming' — taking off the bad and 
leaving about ten of the best leaves to grow. We then put 
forth some '.suckers' by the leaves they had left on u«, but the- 
jilanter nipped these off, so that all our beauty and strength 
should be concentrated in the leaves that were left on. Some 
ot us were beauties, growing very large, and I may here 
remark that I was a very fine looking plant. 

"Of course I can readily see now why I was planted out. for 
W.2 never could have all grown together in the plant bed; but 
who ever would have thought that such a tiny plant could 
have become so great and grand? Why, bless you. .some of us 
who are allowed to go to seed grow as hich as four or five feet, 
and bear a fine flower before we go to seed. 

'About the end of September or the beginning of October, 
just as we had reached the Kenith of our pride and greatness, 
— who would have thought it I Our friends who had taken 
such pains to raise ui came with sharp knives in their hands, 
split us, cut us down and hung us across or over some sticks; 
and in this manner we were taken to a large barn, called a 
'tobacco barn.' This was a log building, built for the express 
purpose of 'curing' tobacco, it was divided off from the 
ground to the roof by poles running across, called 'tier poles,' 
and the space betwei n them, that is, from one range of poles 
to another, was called a 'room.' We were hung over sticks 
about throe or four feet long, and all the same size. These 
sticks were laid across the 'tier pole^' until the barn was full. 
There was a pile of charcoal lying outside which had been 
prepared to 'cure' us, as it is called. One day the planter 
came and lit several charcoal tires on the ground of the tobacco 
barn, and for three days we were subjected to an intense heat. 
The fires had to be attended to night and day. (rreat care 
and attention had to be given to keep the temperature correct, 
and at the end of the three days our leaves were changed to a 
bright yellow color. 

"The leaves that grow on one stalk are divided into three 
grades, those growing near the ground, called 'lugs,' are 
considered the poorest kind: the middle leaves, called 'seconds,' 
are the next best, and the top leaves, called 'good,' are bright 
yellow and command the highest vrice. 

''It is during the winter and spring, when the moisture in 
the atniorphere renders us soft and pliable — -in 'order' or in 
d order, as they saj- — that our leaves are pulled off the 



stalk. This is called 'stripping.' Then we are assorted, made 
up into bunches of twelve leaves, called 'a hand,' and we are 
ready for the market. 

"We had to be 'in order" that is rendered soft and pliable 
by the atmosphere, or we could not have been handled, for at 
dry seasons we became so dry we should all break up and go to 
dust, we are so brittle. 

"After being put up in 'hands' we were hung up again, 
for if we had been piled up we would have been liable to get 
mouldy with the heat and damp. The moist weather bringing 
us 'in order,' and the market being good, we were taken out 
of our house, put into a wagon, covered up and taken to a 
city where there were several warehouses built for the sale of 
tobacco by amnion. On our arrival at the warehouse we were 
uncovered and taken out of the wagon by negroes who were 
employed at the warehouse. The warehouse was a large 
building, havin? a set of scales for weighing the' tobacco in 
the centre, at which sat a clerk at a de.sk. It was lighted by 
skylights, and doors were thrown open at the front and side to re- 
ceive and deliver the tobacco. We were placed or piled up 
on the tobacco vrucks, run into the warehouse, weighed on the 
.scales and liuilt up into a hea)) by the 'cojnred gentlemen;' and 
the clerk sent one with a slip of paper fixed on a stick with 
the name I'f the o-vner and weight of the pile, which was 
attached to us. 

'There was quite a quantity of piles of tobacco, each pile 
assorted according to its grade. It was a busy morning, all 
was bustle. The planters were choosing their auctioneers to 
sell their tobacco, for there are quite a number of auctioneers; 
the tobacco dealers were examining the various lots to see 
what suited them be.-t. and the negroes were busy receiving 
and piling up the tobacco. At last the time arrived for the 
sale. 

"An old 'colored gentleman' with a long tin trumpet, 
almost as long as he was tall, blew several blasts upon the 
instrument in quite an imposing manner to notify the people 
of the sale, no doubt fully appreciating the dignity of his 
position. The business of the day then commenced in earnest. 

" 'The first come the first -^old! What am I offered for this 
fine lot of tobacco'?' cries out the auctioneer. 'Plight dollars!' 
replied a buyer. 'Eight dollars!' repeated the auctioneer, 
'not going for that!' 'Eight, fifty!' cried another buyer. 'Nine!' 
.shouted another. 'Nine dollars!' repeated Mr. Auctioneer, 
several times. 'Nine fifty!' said a buyer, and so they went on, 
bidding one ?gainst another, until no more was bid; then the 
auctioneer "knocked down" to the highest bidder the pile of 
to lacco, and cried out to the clerk who was taking the record 
of the sales, 'Three hundred pounds to Messrs. So and So, at 
twelve, fifty!' which an assistant standing by the clerk at the 
desk called back. 

''And so the sale went on. the only difference being the 
peculiar modes of expre.ssion u.sed bv the different auctioneers 
in selling. 

''As fast as the piles of tobacco were sold they were removed 
to the manufacturers in large baskets. 

"We were sold and taken to a factory. Here we were 
'assorted.' A number of boys and girls took out the stems 
that ran up the centre of our leaves. This was called 'stem- 
ming.' We were put in a large box, sprinkled with licorice 
water, etc.. to give us a sweet taste. Then we were ready to 
be put up into rolls with a nice bright leaf on the outside and 
another on the inside — well we won't say; but we were made 
into rolls, dried in the sun, pressed into plugs, oh! so tightly 
were we pressed that we were almost fiat cakes. Then 





^7 



J" TJ "V E nsr I L E I3SrSTI?.UCTOI^ 



197 




were put into a box, pressed again, tightly nailed up and were 
ready for market — ready to be shipped to all parts of the 
world." 

Now. mj- young friends, you can have some idea of the toil 
and labor expended upon the tobacco plant, to prepare it for 
the market, to be sold to its devotees, to be burned in a pipe 
for the pleasure of drawing in the smoke through a tube or 
stem into the mouth and puffiing it out again, or to be chewed 
for the pleasure of extracting its juice and squirting it out 
again on the ground. 

The record of the world iu this the centennial year of the 
United States that the tax levied on this coniparatvely useless 
plant is one of the most prolific sources of revenue to the 
United States, does not speak much in favor of the wisdom 
or advanced civilization of the nineteenth century However, 
there is this much to be said: it is very rarely that a man who 
has never used tobacco when a boy, uses it when he arrives at 
manhood, simply because by that time he has better sensf. 

The habit of smoking or chewing tobacco is genenlly laid 
in youth. Boys ignorantly think it is manly to chew or smoke 
because they see men doing so; and notwithstanding it makes 
them so deathly sick at first, the stomach having a decided 
objection to the noxious weed, it is forced upon it until in time 
it becomes used to the outrage and submits to its fate. But 
the stomach takes out its revenge at some later date by tor- 
menting its owner with dyspepsia or indigestion, nervousness 
and many other ills that flesh is heir to, through violating the 
laws of nature. Bmi. Geori^k. 



1|J i 9 r a jj h t| . 



IP K. O IP H E T . 



THIIE 




( Continued. ) 

BEFORE Joseph left Independence. Missouri, to return to 
Kirtland. ( )hio. arrangements had been made to publish 
a paper. In June, ls:;2, the first number of 'The J'^vening 
and Morning Star" was is.sued at Icdependence, and Joseph 
received it at Kirtland in July. This was the first paper ever 
publi.shed in l/pjier Missouri, and at the time of its publicati^in 
was about one bun jreil and twenty miles farther west than 
any other paper iu the State, or iu the United States. 

It was in November ol' that year !, 1>:12) that Joseph saw, 
for the first time. Presidents Brigham Young, Hebor C. 
Kimball and Joseph Young. They visited Kirtland and 
spent several days there. While they were there. Joseph 
heard Brigham and John P. Green sjjcak iu tongues, it being 
the first time that he had heard that gift among the brethren; 
others also spoke and Jo.seph received the gift himself. 
While they were there, Joseph predicted that the lime would 
come when Brother Brigham would pre-ide over the whole 
Church. 

In December, ls;;2, Joseph received a very imiiorlant reve- 
lation concerning our own nation. The Lnrd revealed tliiuugh 
him at that time that a war should rage between the Southern 
and Northern States. This war commenced early in 1^(11. 
There are many very imjiortant matters connected with that 
revelation which have yet to be fultillcd. Our little readers 
can read Uiat revelation; it is not very lengthy, but it is Very 
important and full of meaning. 



To show how plainly Jo.seph saw by the spirit of revelation 
the events that were coming to pass in his own land and 
nation, it is only necessary to <jUOte from his writings and 
discourses. Under date of January 4th, is:;:;, he wrote among 
o:her things, in a letter to an Editor, Mr. Sexton, of Rochester, 
the following remarkable prediction: 

"And now I am prepared to say by the authority of Jesus 
Christ, that not many years shall pass away before the United 
States shall present such a scene of bloodshed as has not a 
parallel in the history of our nation: pestilence, hail, famine 
and earthi|uakes will sweep the wicked of this generation 
from oft' the face of the land, to open and jirepare the way for 
the return of the lost tribes of Israel from the North 
Country. 

He said further: "I declare unto j'ou the warning which the 
Lord has commanded me to declare unto this generation, 
remembering that the eyes of my 3Iaker are upon me, and 
that to Him I am accountable for every word I say, wishing 
nothing worse to my fellow men than their eternal salvation. 
Therefore fear God and give glory to Him for the hour of 
His judgment is come; repent ye, and embrace the everlasting 
coA-euant, and flee to Zion, before the overflowing scourge 
overtakes you, for there are those now living upon the earth 
whose eyes shall not be closed in death until they see all these 
things which I have spoken fulfilled." 

How few there were who would believe those important 
predictions! The Editor to whom they were sent would only 
publish a part of the letter. At that time all was peace in 
the laud, and the people would not believe that there would 
be war. But the word of the Lord could not fail. War 
came, and such a scene of bloodshed never has been seen in 
the nation as has been witnessed during this war. The rest 
of the predictions will also be fulfilled. How thankful you 
.should be. children, unto the T/ord, for having sent prophets 
at the time when you live on the earth. Through them you 
can know what the Lord is going to do, and when evil is 
coming, learn how to escape it. David said in I'salms M;!rd 
and Iu' verse: "Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, 
and the people whom he hath cho.sen for his own inheritance." 
Joseph organized the School of the Prophets in Kirtland. 
and the Elders and Saints made great progress in the know- 
ledge of God. On the ISth of ^larch, 18^!:'., according to the 
commandment of the Lord, he ordained Sidney Rigdon and 
Frederick G. Williams to assist him in the presidency of the 
High Priesthood as his Counselors. At that meeting, many 
of the Saints who were present had heavenly visions and 
beheld many glorious things. 

In those days Joseph was much troubled in spirit by the 
conduct of the leading Mlders and the Saints at the gathering 
jilace in Missouri. But he did not hide the word of the Lord. 
He gave them solemn warnings of the judgments that were 
in store for them, in consequence of their transgressions, and 
urged them to rejicnt. 'J'liey did humble themselves before 
the Lord. 

In the month of April, IS';.l, wicked men began to form 
themselves into a mob at Indei)endence, Missouri. They 
wanted to persecute and drive the Saints from their liouies, 
and thereby jjrevent them from fulfillini' the command of the 
Lord. This was the beginning of per.sccution in that State. 
That i)er.secution contiiuied for years, and resulted in the shed- 
ding of much iniioient blood, and the plundeiing aud driving 
out ol the Saints from the State. 



Rk.\.- 



UN gains all men iiy eomi>elIing one. 





198 



CTTJ^EITIXjE iitsti?.tjotoi^. 



%hc MnvtniU Insfrtidor. 



OEOROE Q. CAimON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1ST6. 
EIDITOK^I^Xj THTOXJCB-HITS- 




(11.- wii: not stav 



amoiie nther 
it. There is 
;i friendship. 




^ ILcoiumunieations corrupt goodruanner?. 
The.<e are the words of the Apostle Paul, 
and how tnie they are ! We have known 
many boy.^ and men brought to ruin 
by the communications or associations 
of evil persons. On this areount every 
one si aid be c ireful in the sele.tion 
of his or her companions. A boy whose 
companions tell lies, swear, steal and do 
wicked things, cannot remain very long 
them without having his manners spoiled, 
be a boy wh^ does none of these things, 
s truthful and honest and correct in his 
laniiuage. one of two thing? will likely hapj^en: 
Ins example before them will lead them to forsake 
their evils; or they will corrupt him. and lead him 
into their bad ways. What is most likely to be the 
result? That depends upon the motives of the boy 
who goes into such .society. If he goes among them 
to do good, to set them a good example, resolved in his heart 
that with the help of the Lord, he will not copy their ways, 
then ihey may not be able to lead him astray. But if this be 
his motive, they will reform very snon, 
among them. 

Boys, however, very rarely go a- missionaries 
boys. They go into society because they like 
some one boy or mo'^e. for whom they have 
Therefore as a rule, a boy or man con be known by the com- 
l>:iny he keeps. 8o. also, with girls and women. If you 
know a boy's companions, you can tell what kind of a boy he 
is.* The experience of mankind proves this. You do not 
find chaste, clean. i>ure and honest men choosing the .society 
of unchaste, unclean, impure and dishonest men. If they 
do, they sonn become like them. You do not find virtuous 
women choosing unvirtnous women as their comiianions. If 
a young lady is often found in the company of girls of a loose 
character, she will be looked uiion as a loose character her- 
self. I'eople will say: 'Birds of a feather flock together:" 
and if she were n"t like them, she would not go with tbeni. 

IIi'W nece.ssary it is. then, that young people especially 
sli.>nl(l be very careful in selecting their companions! 'It is 
very frei|uwitly the case that a boy's whole future life is influ- 
enced liy his choice of companions in his youth. One of the 
Irithtest youths we ever knew was destroyed by selecting for 
his companions tho.se wno were in the habit of drinking 
li<|Uor. He was a youn^' man of brilliant parts and was 
capable of :;reat thing.s. He was greatly admired for his 
talents: but by degrees he became the slave of drink, and he 
died, while yet young, a drunkard. Had he shunned such 
companions, and had his associations been with those who would 
have s-rengthened him in rciistinL' temptation, a l>ti!.' life of 
usefulness would doubtless have been his. In the same way 
many so\iis are destroyed by mingling with those who are 
unvirtuoii-. There is terrible pollution in such association, 
nc or two bc'.'.s in a ccmpany nil] tdl vulgar stories, another. 




perhaps, will relate some indecent occurrence that he has 
heard or known. The innocent, virtuous boys will ILsten with 
surprise, and, at first, will be shocked and ashamed. They 
may leave such society disgusted and go with such boys no 
moie. But if they continue to associate with them, they 
learn, after awhile, to listen to and enjoy the coarse, vulgar 
.jokes and indelicate, impure stories which ,mch boys tell. 
Step by step they are led along until they lose their virtue, 
are polluted, and their souls are lo.st. They tind that "evil 
communications corrupt good manners." 

r>o .such things occur? Certainly they do. Life is full of 
them. Men do not usually become corrupt all at once. They 
are led along into sin and corruption by degrees. A man does 
not ofren become a housebreaker and a murderer at one step.. 
Little by little he goes from one step to another. He com- 
mences by lying about and stealing small things, and thus 
continues until, finally, he robs men upon the highway or he 
breaks into houses and banks, and if resisted, he commits 
murder. Then he is caught and he ends his life at the 
gallows. 

Xelther does a man become a notorious destroyer of virtue 
at one step. He reaches that condition gradually. Innocent 
in childhood and early youth, he commences by having impure 
thoughts and conversation. His con.seience gets hardened by 
degrees. The Spirit of (rod grows less and le.ss within him, 
until it leaves him entire].y. Then he is ready for the devil's 
work. He leads astray the innocent. He deli.L'hts in des- 
troying virtue. He is a far more dangerous man than the one 
who breaks into and robs houses. The latter only steals 
property: but the other destroys the souls of his victims. 
The man who robs houses, when caught, is sent to prison; 
but the man who robs women t,!' their virtue is frequently not 
punished by the law: but (rod will send all such to hell. 

Children, shun bad company, never associate with the un- 
virtuous aud the vile; but .select for your companions those 
whose desires are to do right. Kemember always that "Kvil 
communicaticnis corrupt good manners." 



Lk.vrn Ai.I- \'ni- C.V.N. — Never omit an opjiortunity to learn 
all you can. Sir Walter Scott said that even in the stage- 
coach he always found somebody that could tell him some- 
thing he did not know before. Conversation is freijuently 
more useful than books for purposes of knowledge. It is 
therefore a mistake to be moro.se and silent among persons 
whom we think to be ignorant; for a little sociability on your 
part will draw them out, and they will be able to teach you 
some things no matter how ordinary their employment. 
Indeed, some of the most sagaci<ius remarks are by persons of 
this kind, respecting their iiarticular pursuit. Hugh Miller, 
the geologist, owes not a little of his fame to observations 
made when he was a journeyman stone mason, in a quarry. 
Socrates well sa'd that there was liut one good, which is know- 
ledge, and one evil, which is ignorance. Every grain of sand 
goes to make up the heap. A gold-digger takes the smallest 
nuggets, and is not fool enough to throw them awav becau.se 
l"e iiopes to find a large lumii some time. So in aci|uiring 
knowledge, we should never dtspi.se an opportunity, however 
unpromising. If there is a moment's leisure, spend it over 
good and instructive talking with the fir.st you meet. 



Who is the ni:in ioo-.t insu|iportabli- to us? He Avhom we 
have ipfTendcd. and whom we can reproach with nothing. 




w- 



TTJ^ElSriLE Jl>TST"l^T7CTOI^, 



199 




J^IST ^^ "^T ^ IL, J^ ISr G H E 




OTR eiigraTing is intended to illustrate a S\vl~> -r-ene. but it 
will serve almost as well toillustrite a kiml nf disaster 
more or less familiar to the readers of tlie In^^tki tor, from 
li,»vinfr so often oeomred in the mountains surrounding then- 
own homes, 
and known to 
them as a snow- 
slide. 

There is a 
great similarity 
between some 
parts of Swit- 
zerland and our 
own mountain 
home in Utah. 
In both coun- 
tries are seen 
the rugged, 
precipitous 
mountains, fur- 
r.iwed ly ra- 
vines and can- 
yons, some ot 
which are suf- 
ficiently open 
to admit of 
people estab- 
lishing homes 
in them for 
grazing and 
other purpos 
c-. Then, too ^ 
the winters are 
alike severe, 
and depth ot 
snow eorres- 
]i n d i n l' 1 > 
great. But 
though during 
the winter sea 
son we fre 
<iuently hear 
of avalanches 
or snow-.slides 
as wo usuallj 
call theui. oc- 
(•\:rnng. siunc- 
times buryinir 
ii)p in the deep 
canyons num- 
bersof i)ersons. 
animals a n d 
houses, w (■ 
know of no- 
thing of the 
kind that ever 

hasoccuricd in this region that will at all compare in ii< 'li-- 
astrous consequemes with avalainhes that have occurreil 
in Switzerland. In some cases in that country whole vil- 
lages have been de.-troyed by being swept away, or covered 
up, and hundreds of their inhabitants instantly kiiled or 
tied alive. 




Xot only is the snow brought down in great quantities 
in thc^e aval uiche-. Imt trees are also uprooted and carried 
al'iUL'. and huue roi-k- av^ hurled by them with great force, 
niu'h the 'aiii" n^ ]iictured in (he accompanying engraving; 
and not uufre'iuently the sojl is loosened to a considerable 
depth, and cariiod along with the snow, rocks and trees in 
^_=r^^^r:^— _ _ one confused 

mass. 

Then there is 
another kind 
f avalanche 
besides that 
just described, 
which is some- 
times called a 
land-slide. It 
occurs when 
excessive snow 
or rain has has 
softened the 
earth to ^uch 
an extent that 
in sciae steep 
place which 
perhaps has a 
^moo^h strat- 
u m o f rock 
utider it gives 
way and .slides 
down the 
mountain, in- 
creasing in 
force as it goes, 
until in sime 
cases the whole 
surfaceof the 
side of a moun- 
tain is precipi- 
tated into the 
canyon bdow. 
We occasional- 
ly see evidences 
of such slides 
asthisintiavel- 
irg through 
the mouutaiiis 
of rtah. 

1 hiring the 
past few years 
quite a nuni- 
her oi' deslru<'- 
tivesuow-slidcs 
have occurred 
in the Cutton- 
wood Canyons, 
east of Salt 
Lake \allcy. 
ill which .-cv- 

.ni! iiiimrs and residents n(' t};c ;:i!iiitiv' tiiwns hicated there 
iiavc- i..<t their lives, and < ihcrs ha\i had narrow escapes. 
That an avalanche is liable to come down at any nioiMciit and 
..verwhelin him is not very pleasant for any per.Min Kvuntcni- 
jilatc: and the lait thai such i« the case in souu' of the niining 
camps. r( ndcr- them rather undcirablo for a winter residen 





soo 



"V^ETSrXl.^] IIsTSTI^'CrCTOI?/. 




E2srTOnyCOLOC3- Y-isro- s. 



BY W. D. .IllHN>:OX, .irx. 



H E .AI I P T E R A . I H (> M () P T 1-: 1! A . i 



SOMK of I 
very usi 




the insects belongina- to the bark lice family are 
ery useful to man. as the cochineal, coccus and lacca 
insects, all of which furnish Jyes of great beauty and much 
importance, while others of this family do much harm to 
apple, peach and other orchard trees, by imbibing large quan- 
tities of sap ti-om tliem. 

This family comprises insects of a small size and of peculiar 
forms. Some resemble little scales on the baik of stems and 
branches of trees: others have the form of a clam shell or a 
boat turned upside down. They are all covered with a shell 
which hides the head and legs from view: they are general!}' 
one tenth of an inch in length, but some are larger. The 
head is small, and furnished with a short thread-like antennre, 
and a long tubular beik like the aphides. The female retains 
her beak through life, but the malesaeds his when he changes 
into the perfect state and ceases to eat. Both males and 
females are generally supplied with two long, .^lender threads 
at the extremity of the body. 

The female passes through only a jiartial transformation and 
in fact merely increases in size, and never leaves the shell in 
which she is encased. The male i>asses through a complete 
transformation, and in the perfect state has two wings which 
lie flat on the back. 

The principle genu.-, in this family is the "coccus'' from a Greek 
word, meming .scarlet grain. The celebrated dye of the Greeks 
and Piomans was so called, and was .supposed to be of vegetable 
origin, but vra- afterwards ascertained to be the female of an 
insect found on the .scarlet oak. Guercm ilex is the scientific 
name of this insect; it was called "kermes'' by the Arabs, 
"thola" by the Jews, "alkermes" by the Persians and "cocchi" 
by the Italians. It lives on the shrub known as the levant in 
Europe and Asia. The insect is caught and dried, and yields 
a beautiful .scarlet color, which is mentioned in history as some- 
thing wonderful. 

Coccus ctcli', \i the cochineal iu>ect of Mexico and Central 
America. It is of a light purple color, and about one fifth of 
an inch in leuertb. The females lay their eggs under them, and 
then die. thus making a shield of their bodies for the eggs. 
A\ hen the young in-ects hatch they crawl out from under the 
.shell at the hinder extremity. The male is furnished with 
wings and two long thread-like apjiendages at the extremity of 
the body. Tiie-e Insects live on a species of cactus called 
■'n.ipal." 

Tiie natives of AIe.\iri. and Central America raise planta- 
tions of the ni. pal cactus for these insects to feed on. They 
collect the insect.^ in certain .sea.sons of the year, and dry them 
between hot iron plates, when they are ready to ship to differ- 
ent parts of the world. As much as .*«imi.O()ii pounds has been 
shipped in one year to Rurope. The dried insect, when soaked 
in alcohol or water, yields brilliant .-carlct and purjile dyes, 
which are extensively u-ed for making carmine ink. coloring 
<andy, dyeing cliuh and many other uses. 

If any of our readers will procure a little cochineal and 
.>oak it in water for an hour or so, they will find by looking at 
the particles that they have legs, ete., of an insect; and the 
water will be colored a beautiful scarlet. 

Coccus Lacca is the insect that i)n>i]uces the resin called 

ac. In their characteri>tics, these insects are the same as the 

•mer; they puneture the bark of the ticus tree of India, and 



there exudes a gummy secretion which runs over them and in 
which they make holes and lay their eggs. When the gum is 
on twigs it is called stick lac; when taken from the tree, and 
when pounded, seed lae; when strained and dried in thin flakes, 
shell lac. From lac and Venice turpentine sealing wax is made; 
the resin is also used much in varnishes, stiff'ening hats, and 
also a beautiful red color is obtained from the gum in which 
the insect is embedded. 

Coccus conchi/ormi's, so named because it resembles an oyster 
.■^hell. is very common on apple trees. The color is much like 
the bark: they are one tenth of an inch in length. They live 
in families and when on the smooth trunk of an apple tree 
they give it a peculiarly wrinkled appearance. The fenlale, 
after the first change, pushes her beak into the bark and never 
withdraws it; it is almost impossible to detach them from the 
tree, as they fit and stick so close that they are generally pulled 
to jiieces in getting them ofl^. Tnere is a similar kind which 
infest the poach tree. 

The best known remedy for the extermination of these 
in.sects, when the^ infest orchards is to whitewash the trees 
with the following wash: two parts soft soap, eight parts water, 
and enough lime to give it the consistency of cream. Put 
this on the tree high up as practicable and it will soon kill all 
the bark lice. 



The Akt oy TuiNKrNO to .\ Pirpose.— A distinguished 
]irisouer of war, of large mental resources, being allowed to 
choose his employment while in confinement, .selected one so 
simple as to require neither skill nor thought, assigning as a 
reason that, though his hands would be occupied by compul- 
sion, his mind at least would continue his own and remain in 
freedom. We all have some of such work, and many have 
much. Now, if we had learned to employ this time in clear 
and consecutive thought — if our will could control our reflec- 
tions, directing them in definite channels, and aiming to reach 
some well defined conclusions — we can hardly compute how 
great an effect would be produced in strengthening our mental 
power.-, in maturing our judgement, in bringing us to the 
knowledge and appreciation of truth, and thus increasing 
our solid happiness and our permanent value to the com 
munity. 

The best exercise of every faculty is the chief road to true 
enjoyment, and no one who has once tasted the iilea.sures of 
thinking to a purpose will ever willingly allow his mind to 
dissipate in wandering thoughts and day dreams. Neither is 
such discipline so difficult as some imagine. If begun in early 
lite, by awakening the childi.sh interest in what is seen and 
beard, alluring the mind to reflection by question and answer, 
and accu.stoming the thoughts to dwell for short periods, but 
intently, upon familar subjects, it will become pleasant exer- 
cise, and gradually grow into the tenor of the mind. What 
we truly will to do is already half accomplished; and the 
watch thus placed over the thoughts will, of itself, reduce to 
order and regularity much that is now chaos and confusion. 
It is by no means nece.s.sarv that the subjects thus mentally 
(liseu,s.sed should be remote or abstract. (Jn the contrary, let 
them be matters familiar to our minds and agreeable to our 
tastes. Let the memory plea.se us with pictures of the past, 
and the imagination revel in beauty of scene or heroi.sm of 
deed. JiBt the business man revolve the scheme which he 
longs to execute, and the iihilo.soper meditate on the princi- 
ples of li'e. But whatever be th« subject, let the thoughts 
I'ur.sue it with a consistent progress that shall eventuate in 
some real beneflt to the mind. 





CTTJ'^EITILE! IH^STI^ TJ C T O I^ . 



SOL 




ji^ ID :EJi^TTB: scEisrE. 



BY R. G. LAMBERT. 




THIS is a solemn subject to write upon, but a?, doubtless, the 
majority of the readers of the Juvenile Instrictor 
have never heard of the strange actions of the Hawaiian 
people, when sickness and death are among them, I will 
attempt to portray some of the scenes that I have witnessed 
and heard of. I will narrate a circumstance that has just 
occurred in the vicinity of Laie, on the island of Oahu from 
where I now write. 

A woman was sick for a long time, and was waited upon by 
the "kahuna," or native doctor, whose pretended cures are 
performed by charms and prayers to the ancient gods of Hawaii. 
Sacrifices are also offered of hogs, dogs and a root called 
"awa;" the two former are eaten and the latter is made into a 
beverage, which he (the "kahuna") drinks. The root beiog 
iutcpxicating, it is under its influence that he pretends to com- 
mune with there gods that tell him what to do for the sick. 

One of this class, as I said before, waited on this young 
woman. He had a great number of small houses built, in 
which he put the sick person to try and cure her. He wouli 
put her in one of these houses, and then go through his formula; 
and when that did not eflfeet a cure, he had it torn down and 
another built, and so he kept on; and in one day he had seven 
of these small houses eon.structed, as I was informed by one 
who helped to build them. They were constructed of green 
leaves and grass thatched on a rude frame. Yet this, nor 
all the pigs and dogs be killed, andcharmshe ustdand '.iwa" 
he drank did not save her, and she died. 

I could not but exclaim to myself when I witnessed this and 
heard of these strange action.-: How simple and plain are the 
rules that the true God has given us, in comparison with these 
heatlenish practices! 

When death began to approach, and her friends lost hope 
of her recovery, they sent up one of their wails of sorrow 
which is most pitiful to hear, and when once heard is seldom if 
ever forgotten. The sick was not yet dead, though this nri;e 
was almost enough to have awakened her had she been dead. 
This wailing was kept up at intervals for a day and a half 
before her death. They would weep and wail over her for awhile 
and then go outside the house and laugh an 1 chat as though 
they were at a feast; and in a few moments they would be 
wailing again as though their hearts would break, to return 
agam in a short time to the outside and resume their chatting, 
laughing and smoking. 

In the meantime preparations were going on for her funeral. 
A large quantity of "poi" was being made; and no sooner was 
she dead, than a beef and several hogs were killed, portions of 
which were cooked to feed the mourneis and given to the 
neighbors who came in to cry over her. 

It was a strange sight to see them as they approached the 
house. They would start to chant or wail when a long way 
off, which would increase as they neared the corpse, and finally 
culminate in a hideous screech that was enough to .shatter one's 
nerves. When this howling was over it seemed that their 
sorrow was over also, and thuy would spend a short time in 
chatting, feasting and singing, as though it was a gala time. 
iSome would be outside seemingly enjoying themselves, while 
others were in the hou.se keeping up this monotonous wail or 
chant. 

The "hula," a very vulgar Hawaiian dance, was performed 
the presence of the dead, and words coniiiienioraiive of the 



virtues and charms of the deceased were chanted. This was 
kept up until all Tere fatigued, when awa "was" drank and they 
were soon all asleep in the presence of the dead, some lying 
so close as to touch her person. When they had slept off the 
effects of the drug they went at their performance again. 

They have a novel way of laying out the dead. In front of 
them they will place all the pictures they have of the family of 
the deceased and other trinkets which they value. Great feeling 
is expressed at the burial, but as quick as the crave is closed it 
is apparently all gone until they meet a stranger friend, when 
they wdl weep and wail on each other's neck for a few minutes, 
and then start to chat and laugh. They seem soon to forget 
sorrow. 

I must stop for the present, as time is scarce. I take my 
departure for the island of Kauai in the morning and will 
perhaps write to you something more of this strange peo- 
ple. 



^■iirrc«5|Joniteiire. 



h 



CHRisTriiuRoa. Canterbury, 

New Zealand, July 20, 18Tfi. 
Editor Jucenile Iiistructor: 

Dear Brother:— In my last I p'-omised to write 
you by this mail, and in order to fulfil my promise I undertake 
the task. 

A week ago last Siintlay T visited tlie Canterbury JIuseum in 
the city of Christchuroh, and would like to tell my young friends, 
who are readers of the Juvexile Instructor, what I saw in 
this place. 

The museum with the beautiful gardens, promenades and park 
adjoining, covering an area of probably thirty or forty acres, are 
sustained and kept in < :oper repair by the provinc.al council of 
Canterbury, and designated public property, and of course free, 
no charge being made for admission. 

On entering the building, hanging on the wall to the left can be 
seen, weapons and impJeMitnts, of the natives of Tonga, Fiji and 
Samoa Islands, of every shape almost, and made of hard wood. 
The next attraction is skeletons of two whales some forty feet 
long, and caught some eight or ten miles from here; also an 
elephant from Serampore India. Here are al.«o the skeletons of 
the European from Austria, the native Maor. of New Zealand, 
and the gorilla from western Africa. A look at this latter animal, 
1 think, would be sufficient to convince the great majority of the 
people that man never descended from such a source, hence the 
inaccuracy of the Darwinian theory. 

Ne.xt are twelve varieties of stutfed monkeys, from the orang- 
outang down to the lion monkey of Brazil, not larger than a 
.■oinmon squirrel. Then there are the different varieties of the 
kangaroo, the first of the marsupial family I have ever seen, 
having pouches in which tiiey carry and nourish their young. 

In the next room there ari^ the skeletons of twenty or thirty 
birds called the moa, a species now extiu.-t, varying in hight 
from four to twelve feet, and wingless. 

The remains of many of these birds have lueen discovered in 
various ]>arts of the province of Auckland, and I have thought 
that if our children could visit su.'h a phu'o a.', tliis, they would 
get an excellent idea of tlo animals indigenou.s to the dili'crent 
(•'■iintries of our globe. 

There is also the skeleton of an Egypiian lady, said to Inive 
lived about S80, IJ C There is a portion of the hair remaining 
,,n l,er head. Her feel and hand.- are still co\ .red with skin, and 
have the nails attached. 

To tell you of all that I saw in this building, even had I llo- 
ability, would till .piite a large bo,, k. There i< a roi.ni di'vote.l 
to •tiU'iiirv, anotlier ;.i |iainiint'>. etc. 





•J TJ \r E 3Sr I L E I IsT S T I?. U C T O I?.. 




I clUcovereii l>ut one thin? tu remiiul me of hmiie aiul that was 
a twenty-five cent pieie ot' Z. C. M I. cunoncv, siu^nud " Wni. 
Clayton, Secretary," among the iMins and cnri-eriey of the dif- 
lercnt countries. 

For the last three weeks I have lieen vorUiiie; at my old busi- 
ne.-.s, with hammer and saw. havino; no other nuan.s of support, 
and it seem^ the hearts of the people are closed at present against 
the truth; and from what I can hear from Sydney and Melbourne 
the Elders are doing no better tliero. We can preach to the peo- 
ple, but ctBU.'t convert them unless the Lord by His Holv Spirit 
operates upon their minds, and I have no desire to sp'ak to the 
l)eople at any time unii'ss the Lord will give me His Spirit to do 
so; then good will be accomplished, whether the people leceive 
the gospel at present or not. I enjoy pretty gooil licnlth. i)Ut the 
weatiier juj.t now is very cold and wet, this being our winter 
season here. It is not so healthy a <dim.ite as Utah, althougli m 
the main milder; yet 1 have sutiei'ed !iiore from cold lierc this 
winter than I ever did in L'tah. 

I tliink I will say g.iod-hy for the present, wishing tliat the 
Ixs.tri:i:tor may liave that suoee.^s. financially and osherwiso. 
that it so rich'y deserves, and tlial the thousands of Utah s son> 
and daught-rs mav continue to ]>•• benefited by the UkIu diffu-i <! 
bv it> pages. 

v.. II- r.r..tlicr. 

\Vm, McLachi.ax. 



-A^IvIOlSra- T.HE ZTJITIS 



]!Y !;. ;i. >M:rii. 




■fl^F. A. M. Tonney and iiiysoli'i nrriv.-d in the Ziini village. 
y ' '"]'e.>oaiio O.jo" (wliieh in Kiis.-li>h mean- Fic.vli Spring-, 1 
.situated in the north-western part of New .Mexico, about 
forty-five miie.-i from New Fort Wingate, on tlie Jm] day of 
April, l^T'i, at about ten o'clock a. in. 

Our arrival croateil a great ileal of wondcnnent among the 
natives, cau.sins tliem to stand ■>» the house-top.s. chimneys. 
and every elevated i>lace they couid get ami gaze at lis a.s 
thougli we were .something womlirlu! to beholil. And, a.s for 
U.S. our curiosity was not a little excited too; for we looked 
with .suri>ri.se upon many things wc .-,iw We found the village 
to be situated on a round knoll in 'he ciiiu<! of a beautiful 
valley, about .seven luile.s long, and frnn; half a mile to a mile 
in width. It was watered by a licaiKiful stream of clear, 
crystal water coming from two tine mounlain -prings at the 
head of the valley. The eativcs had dug all around the .sides 
of this hill and imilt their houses in >uch a manner that they 
were ail under srround except the side that stood next to the 
valley, which was built of stone and had the apjteaiaiu'e of a 
very formidable fortification, ."^[out logs wen- placed i n the 
top and the women carried .soil and i ovjred tl.cui over to the 
depth of from two to three feet, which n.ade the roof. 

< In the roof of every hou-o might be .-een a small hole 
which served the purpo.se of a door, and a riule ladder, made 
ot a single log. with notches cut in it tiir .steps; or of two 
poles, with rou'id.s Uiade of ■'mailer .-ticks tied up with sinews 
or I'ioces of rawhid" 

Me.scending om; of these 'ude Ladders the vi.-iior come into 
a l.irge, dark room, u-ually about ti;n li-et wjile and twint\ 
long. In one end of the room is built a tiiepla'e, the whoh' 
end of the hou.>c heinir uscil for tha? i):ir[>o.Sc, in which tiny 
d.i their cookini.' 

The tunuturc of tlie^c room- consists ot' n few rude -tool> - 
poles hound up hy pieces of rawhide a' each end, making .1 
kind of clothe.s horse, on which an.' hung blanket.- robi'.s ami 
mattresses of variou> de.scriptioTis 



Oq the top of the knoll, inside of the row of hou.se.s, they 
build their corrals for their horses, .sheep and cattle, and in 
many instances the roofs of the houses foi m the bottom of 
their she*^!p corral-. Thase houses and corrals are built in this 
way to guard against other tribes coming when ho.'lile aud 
taking away their flocks and herds. 

Their food consists mostly of boiled corn aud wheat, lamb>. 
sheep and such wild animal.s as they can kill, all ot which 
they boil up together in a large ea.thcn jar of their own 
make. . 

The Zunis farm i|uite e.xtcn-ivdy, rai.-ing corn, wheat, 
pumjikin^, bean^!, |ieas and a great deal of red pepper (called 
by them, in S|)anish, "chili Colorado.'') Their manner of 
farming is somewhat after the Mexican .style; that is, they 
use the .same kind of a plow and hoe that the Me.xieans do. 
They make their plow out of three pieces of wood; one is a 
straight stick, about five feet long, four inches wide and sis 
inches thick. This is laid flat upon the ground, and then one 
end is trimmed down to a sharp point, coiumeneing on the top 
of the stick so that the sharp point will be on the bottom side, 
to form the jioint of the plow. In the top of this stick, near 
the end not >har]iened, an oblong mortise is then cut, with a 
si|uare shoulder ne^t to the butt end of the stick, and sloping 
from the bottom of the mortise to the upper surface of the 
stick at the other end. In this mortise is placed the end of a 
]io!e about twelve leet long, with a >lope on the under side to 
make it fit properly in the mortise, thus causing the pole 
I which is used for a beam, or tongue, to hitch the cattle to 
to run in such an angle that the front end will come about on 
a level with the heads of the cattle when they are .standing nat- 
urally. Back of v.here this pole is put in. a hole is made, and 
a straight stick about two anJ a half feet long is inserted f)r 
the handle of the plow. I.-, using these plows they drive up 
a yoke of cattle, yoked together by means of a stick of wooil 
placed on top of the heads and back of the horns and lashed 
to them witli piecas of rawhide. They then place the plow 
behind the oxen with the beam or tongue running forward 
between them, and the point of it going over the yoke, where 
it is lashed securely by means of strips of rawliide. In [dow- 
ing they lay off their ground in the same way most Americans 
do. and plow round and round until it is finished. Theyalway- 
sow their wh"at before the ground is jdowed, thus causing it 
to be covercrl by the first lilowing. 

In that country, as in Utah, they have to irrigate their land, 
which is done with water coming from mountain streams or 
spring-. At the head of their farming land they build 
reservoirs, lu'. as they call them "tanks," to catch the water 
and hold it until the time for irrigation. In getting their land 
ready for wateriug they commence and hoe up ridges all the 
way acto-s the land about a rod apart; then they ridge it the 
other way about a rod apart, making the land in beds about a 
rod square, with a ridge about a loot hiirhall around them. 
When it comes waterintt time they will commence at one 
corne.- of their land and let the wafer into one of these beds 
until it fills it up, lettin'.! it stand thus until they think the 
land is sutficienfly soaked; then they let the water from this 
bed nm info another and stand until tlie ground is .saturated, 
and SI) on until the Wi.ole is watered 

I To be Contlnueil.) 



TiiKKK are few defect,-, in our nature that are so slaving as 
not to lie veiled from observation by politeness and good 



breeding 





crTJAr3±]isriTL.E iisrsT:E2.TJOTOie. 



S03 




/t< 



■V^TIHiID BE. ^ SI'S J^l<rjD 




To be Jevoured liy a wild beast is to ear-h of u? an odious 
thought; but it does not follow that to he killed by a tiger 
or by a lion is peculiarly painful. ( )u this topic I'r. Living- 
stone has given us his own valuable experience. A lion lea)ied 
on him, seized him by the shoulder, and tossed Iiim in the air. 
as a dog tos.ses a rat. The tossing cau.sed a delicious deliriunj, 
which precluded any sense of pain: had he then died, it would 
have been a merciful death, but we -should mt have known 
that so it was. However, his companions shot the lion, who 
thereupon dropped his intended victim, and took to flight. 
Pr. Livingstone's life was saved, and he endured much jiain 
in the healing of his wounds, though he had none while in 
the lion's jaws. The skill with which all rapacious animals 
kill their quarry, has often been noted. Kvidently this is n'l 
accident: it pervades nature. The to.ssing of a rat, or of a 
man in the air, might have seemed sportive caprice in the 
victorious beast, whom we cannot suiijiose to do it from any 
design; but wiien we learn that it causes the captive to .swoon, 
and benumbs pain, we seem to read a Divine mercy beneath 
the animal instinct. Young animals are said to biuigle in their 
fir.st attempt to sei/.e large game, and to need instruction from 
their parents; but to judge by young hounds, there would be 
no bungling if they did not assail game disproportioned to 
them. With great accuracy a young dog bites asunder the 
fatal artery of rabbit or leveret; and it is not without reason 
that we a.scribe to all the carnivora an effective skill in killing, 
which man with much training rarely e(|ual<. "Yes,' says 
one class of reasoners, 'we admit that they kill deverl.y, and 
with little suffering to their prey; but consider what misery, 
what terror the unhappy hare or deer or partridge endures 
while chased by its adversary. ' Is there not here an entire 
mistake? Tie up horses and bullocks in a stable, where they 
can hear outside a lion or tiger roar, and, no doubt they endure 
agonies of terror. Sweat runs down them, they shiver and 
are exhausted by their own emotion. But this is not their 
position in wjld nature; they are brought into it only by the 
artifice of man. Tlie wild cattle take to flight from the fierce 
beast, unless strong enough to turn and face him. in either 
case the exertion, or the preparation to fifht, ab-^ori'S terror. 
\Yhile the sailor has something to do against the «torm, 
activity sulidues fear; but when nothing can be done, and he 
sits helple.ss, then it is that fear may unman him. Axording 
to Idomeneus, in Homer, the greatest trial of man- bravery 
is, to sit in ambush with foemen near outside the thicket. 
^Vhen it is his duty to sit still and do nothine, then it is that 
''(he coward's hue changes and his teeth chatter. Inaction 
being the state which brings terror to its maximum, we may 
justly doubt whether an animal which is .strainins.' all it- ner- 
vous and muscular energy to escpe, really suffers agnny from 
fear. Fatigue mav at length induce distress, with .'■yni)itoms 
similar to those of fear, but violent exertion is part of the life 
of such creatures and does not imjiair their hai>|iincs-. llapa- 
cious animals must kill, day by day, in order to live: it is a 
part of the natural ,«ystein by which the balance oi species is 
maintained. Hut no inference, that the VVirds and beasts 
wliich are the objects of prey, have uidiappy live-, lari at all be 
sustained. Tlieyevidcntly enjoy life, as do liumanconiniunities, 
though expo.sed to many ilangers and alarms. To say that life 
is precious is to avow that the gocul largely predomin:i:es. 



'^MAi.l. griefs arc lofpiaeicjU' — great are dumb. 



ricsiiuji^ ami ^nsivcr^ 



03Sr TIEIE! 



LKSSON fXI. 

Q. — What were the feeliiigs of the peoj.Ie wlu-n tln'V saw this 
jiersoii deseentling from heaven' 

A. — They were filh»(l with arnaKPrneiit and durst not "peak; they 
thought an angel had come. 

Q. — What did the persun ■^ay? 

A. — "1 r.m Je«us Christ." 

Q. — What did he ask the people to do'' 

A — To feci the wounds in His hculy, that they might kn<iw He 
was the one of whom the prophets wroti . 

Q. — When they had done thi.s, what did the multitude do? 

A.— They fell down .and worshiped him. 

Q. — What (11 1 Jesus af (rwanls do? 

A.— He called Nephi and others and gave them power to hap- 
ti.'-e the people when he ascended to heaven. 

Q. — H(.w many did Jetus choose to act in this capacity? 

A. — Tweive. 

Q. — In concluding his disoourse to the jicople, what did Jesus 
a-k Uiem to do? 

A.— To hring their si.-k to Him. 

Q. — Wlien they did this what did .Tesus do? 

A. — He healed them. 

Q. — Wiio were then luoughi before hiiji' 

A. — Little children. 

Q. — After Jesus liad blessed these children what did the people 
see' 

A. — Angels descending from heaven and encircling them with 
tire. 

Q. — How many persons were witnesses to all the^e things? 

A. — About two thousand tive hundred. 

0. — What did Jesus command his disci)des to d^i? 

A, — T" I'liMg fortli bread and wine. 

03Sr THIE BIBLE. 



Q _pid the sr-rvants do n- Saul l^ad told them? 

A. — No; they "would not put forth their hand to fall ar"'n the 
j.ilests of the Lord." 

Q._AVho'ne\t did Sa\il tell to kill them? 

A. — Doeg, the Edomite. 

Q.— What then was the result' 

A.— He "slew in that day foiir-eore and live person* that did 
V ear a iinen cphod." 

Q. — What else? 

A. — "And Noh, the eiiy of the |.riests.. smote be with the edge 
of the swrd, hoth nu-n and women, ehildren and smkling-, and 
• ■\en. and asses, aid sheep, with the edge of the swmd ' 

Q.— Did any of the priests escape? 

A. — Ves, one of the sons of Alilmele< h. 

Q — Wliat wa'' his name? 

\. — Ahiathar. 

y.— Wli'-n he escaped, where did lie go? 

A.— He tied after David. 

Q. — What did David say when .\hiaihar toKl him that .'^anl 
had slain the Lord's prie-ls? 

A. — "I knew it that ilHy, wlien Doeg the Edomite was there, 
tiiat he would surely tell Saul; I have oiea-iioned the di'ath of all 
llie ).er«ons of thy father s house." 

y.— What further did David say unto Ahiathar? 

.\— "Abide thou with me, fear not: for he that seekelh iny 
11 ;e w,.,.keth thy life; liut with me thou -halt \> ■ in safeguard." 

Q — What ilid David do when he heard that the I'hili-tines 
were tfghting again-t Keilah'/ 

.•\ — He en-piired of the Lord wliether he .,liouUI gi> and siiiito 
t!i" P:,i' •• lies and -ave K^-ilah. 



\X 




7 



204. 



TXJ^EIDTILE TinrSTI^TJOTOI^ 




3r O XJ T H: F TJ L O ^ IF" E I^ I IsT (3-. 



Music by E. Beeslev. 



WriRIiS BY Kli'IlAKll Al.i.lM<llir,K 

Father. ;iriv|>t tin- sinitr of praise We of- fer un - to thee: And tear-h us how t(J shun t}ie paths 



^»-T-t-| — 







,*rf=*i: 



-*-« 



.*.,. 



-H-r-| — r-|*H-| — I f ^ 



:t:-b_t=dzj?zt=: 




,=i«=iz-;rq-zj=: n==l 



That leail to iiii~e - ry. 

i»X-^ — 1— * 1 «--^« ^ — I 

^E-EiEfe*Z^=EEE£3EiE 






^- H-^ -H— li— S^ 1 



:^;n=' 






AuJ teaeh us how to shun the paths That lead to niise 



ry- 



111^=^ 



Di>poI .'ill tlarkno-i'' from our loiiids. 
Let light, witli jciy and peace, 

Kn.-h'-inf' our tlioujht-, that we may walk 
III patlis •■!' righteousness. 

O teach us, Lord, bv faith in thne, 

While in the state of j-outh, 
Always to bow at rirtue's shrine. 

And ever yield to truth. 



And when our bro%vs shall furrowed be, 
Our eyes with age grow dim. 

May virtue still our watchword be. 
And may we never sin. 

Father, O give us joy in thee, 

As long as we have breath; 
Then let our spirits soar in prai"e. 

Nor fear the sting of death. 



^ H:^^sA^J^nLA.lSr ^ATEIDIDIlTa-. 




AMtssiiiNAiiv > wife, wild is with her husband on the Sand- 
wii-h Islands, writini.' to a lady friend, .sends the following 
account of a ii.itive wedding she attended: 

'•yVe attended a wedding the other day; and perhaps a 
dosoription of it woidd be interesting to you, so 1 will give it. 

We had an invitation, so R took us three women 

and the children down in the carriage. It was quite a nice 
hou.se for a natives, and had a raised porch in front, and then 
a U)Wcry in front of that. The floors were all covered with 
nice, clean-looking mats, and (ern leaves and flowers were fes- 
tooned alj around, and looked very pretty. A table with a 
bible on it was placed on the porch, and two chairs covered 
with a Wautiful pink kapa' (native cloth) were placed on th'; 
one side, and we foreigners sat on the other side, of the table. 
The groom and bride came in from the out.side and stood in 
front of the table. The bride was dressed in a prevty white 
dress, maile in the native style, and with a ruffle around the 
Viottora: she hail a nice, light .scarf around her .shoulders, a 
Ihiw of ribtjon at her neck, a rose in her hair and a sprig of 
rose geranium in her hand. She looked very pretty and neat- 

'•.\s soon as the ceremony wa.s performed they took their 
ttcat.M, ami then bundli-s of green leaves were brought in and 
spread on the floor, and on these were placed large calaba.shes 
of 'poi,' and dishes of beef pork and salt; and after a blessing 
had been asked the gormandizing began. 

"The table was set for us on the jKjrch, and we had the 
honm of eating with the bridegroom ami bride. The beef 
and jiork wen- tender and beautiful, ami gave the 'poi' a 
splendid relish, but the be,t <A it was. they had neither knives, 

forks norspoon.s; so we all had to eat with our fingers. R 

used his po<'ket knife to cut eai'h of us a piece, and then we 
pitched in. in native style, and did full justice to all before us. 
They always pas.s around a calabash of water before and after 
fating, fiir us to wash our fingers in." 



EisTiG-iyn^. 



BY ENOS L. STOOKEY 



I .v.M composed of 11 letters: 

31y 3, 4, 1, .5, is seen at night: 

My 1, 2, 3, 4, ."), 10, 1, is the name of a country; 

My 3, 4, ."), r,, 1 1), 4, is a national division of water; 

My S, 0, 111. 11, is a grand division of the earth; 

My 7, 10, 1, .'i, is one whom we should avoid; 

My 1, 3, '.I. is an animal; 

My 4, .'), 0, 11). 7, is found on the mountains; 

My 7, 8, 9, 4, is used by shoem.akers; 

My 1, 4, 7, S, 0, is used in .schools; 

My whole is the name of a group of island.s. 



As the snow gathers together, so are our habits formed. No 
single flake that is added to the pile produces a sensible change; 
no single action creates, however it may exhibit, a man's char- 
acter: but as the tempest hurls the avalanche down mountains, 
and overwhelms all below, so passion, acting upon the elements 
of mischief that pernicious habits have brought together im 
perceptibly, may overthrow the edifice of truth and virtue. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST * FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 

OEOROE Q. CAWNON. ~ - - - - - EDITOR. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail otitsidc of Salt Lake County Ten 

Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^^■OfEce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




