
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 18 



I=TJI?.STJIT O'F J^ B I?. I ID E 



SOME of the customs of the Turkomans of Central Asia are 
very curious. There is a singular marriage ceremonial, 
where the j'oung maiden, dressed in bridal costume, mounts a 
fleet horse, taking on her lap a lamb or a goat, and setting of 
at full gallop, is followed by the bridegroom and other young 
men of the party, also on horseback ; but she is always to 
strive to prevent her jjursuers from getting near enough to 
snatch from her the burden on her lap. This curious custom 



A GENTLEMAN walking with liis little boy ia the evening, 
happened to pass the cottage of a German laborer, when the 
boy's attention was attracljd by a dog. It was not a King 
Char'.es, nor a black and tan, but a common cur. Still the boy 
took a fancy to him, and wanted "pa" to buy him. Just then 
the owner of the dog came home from his labors and was met 
by the dog with eveiy demonstration of dog joy. The gentle- 
man said to the owner, "My little boy has taken a fancy to 




is observed by a'l the wandering tribes of Central Asia. The 
wedded pair do not live together until a year after marriage. 
Another remarkable custom has reference to the mourning 
for the death of a beloved member of the family. Tt is the 
practice, in the tent of the departed one, each day for a whole 
year, at the same hour he drew his last breath, for female 
mourners to chant mournful .songs, in which the members of 
the Camily present are e.Kpocted to join. On another page will 
■ found an illustration of the tent used by this curious pooiilo. 




your dog, and I will buy him. Wlial dn you ask for him?' 
"I can't sell dat dog!" said the tiernKni. '-Look here," said 
the gentleman, "that is a poor dog anyway, but as my boy 
wants him, I will give you five dollars for him." "Yaas" says 
the German, "I know he is a werry poor dog, and he aint wort 
nottin, but dore ish von IceHo dint' mit dat dog vot T can't sell. 
I can't sell de wag of his tail von 1 conies home at night." 



He that scoffs at the crooked sh(jiild go very upright himself 



-P^ B^ 



THE LIBRARY 0!= THE 
SUNDAY U : )ni IJMIOM ROABIV- 



50 NORTH MAIN STREET 
SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH 





S66 



CTTJ^En^iLE] i:n"sti?.tjctoi^. 





BY G. M. 0. 



OUR PUKPOSE. 




E\'ER since tlie Book of 3Ionuon was first issued its liistoi-i- 
cal records have been looked upon by almost the entire 
ciA'ilized world as a myth; and all sorts of slanders and lies 
have been concocted and heaped upon the head of the inspired 
translator. This has been possibly more through ignorance 
than prejudice. Previous to the translation of those records 
little or nothing was known, in fact, little thought or time was 
given to research and examination into the past history, ef 
the aboriginal inhabitants of America. Looked upon as 
savages, their i)ast was considered a blank and of but little 
imjiortance to the rest of the world. 

The earlv European settlers of North xVmeriea. too much 
occupied with the toils and cares inseparable from colonization, 
could ill afford to devote the time and patience necessary for 
the study ot the nations they were sui)i)lanting, and conse- 
quently we have but a_meagre description only of the manners 
and customs of the few tribes that were in the immediate 
neighborhood of their settlements. The Spaniards who con- 
quered and occupied Mexico and South America, led on by an 
insatiable thirst for rielies, and a blind religious zeal, not only 
reduced the inhabitants of the country to abject slavery, but 
with an unprecedented fanaticism endeavored to destroy all 
the monuments and written records of the nations they subju- 
gated. But in spite of Spani.sh rapacity, not all the "old 
books' ' were destroyed. A few of the natives, jiroof against 
persecution and inquisitorial torture, hid up the "picture 
writings " in their possession, and so preserved them until long- 
after the flush of the conquest had subsided. As the country 
Ijecame poinilated with a new race, a bettei class of men than 
the rough adventurers under Cortez arrived from the shores 
of Europe, among them men of learning and wisdom, who 
were struck with wonder when looking on the shattered ruins 
and wrecks of temples, ]_ialaces and pyramids everywhere 
surrounding them. A slight interest was then created and 
an effort made to collect what little still remained undestroyed. 
Many of the old writings of the natives, fragmentary and 
disconnected, were found, manners and customs noted and 
traditions recorded. These traditions were often mixed up 
with the writers' monki.sh superstition and absurd religious 
notions: such as the miraculous works of a favorite saint or 
holy friar, so entanghng and perverting the original as to 
l)e almost worthless to the archreologist. Many of the writings 
of the Spanish priests, in their turn, have been consigned to 
olilivion. Stowed away among the rubbish of some out-of- 
the-way convent, they have gradually mildewed and rotted 
past all redemption before being discovered, and remain but 
vague and indefinite statements. A small part only of the 
'■painted pictures" of the Aztecs and parchment-written 
histories of the monks have been preserved, mixed up with 
a mass of political and state papers of the times, in some 
government archives, or crumbling away forgotten ui)on the 
shelves of an inaccessible public or i)rivate library. 

For three centuries the world was not much inclined to 
Ijelieve or think of a great antiquity as belonginging to the 
inhabitants ot this continent, or to place much value on the 
relics of the people that have become extinct. Looking with 
ontemut on the Lidian of to-day, with his rude weapons anp 



lack of art, scholars and divines f ,r years seemed unwilling to 
devote time and study to their past history, apparently so 
barren and unimportant. But of late years this spell of indiff- 
erence has been broken; the idea has at length dawned upon 
the minds of men that much that is important to the theolo- 
gian, the ethnologist and antiquarian lies hidden in the dim 
and distant past of America. L^nfortunately, this idea is not 
general: a few only of our learned men have given their time 
and patience to the task. Every year, however, the interest 
increases; picture symbols and complicated glyhjiic writings are 
deciphered; old maiuiscripts, netted and curtained with cob- 
webs and coated with the dust of years, are hunted up and 
brought to light. Travelers penetrate the dense and almost 
impenetrable forests of the south, and bring us drawings and 
descriptions of vast and magnificent ruins of cities that rival 
the wonderful works on the Nile; enthusiastic antiquarians 
push their excavations to the centre of massive mounds and 
present us with crania that long ages i)ast enclosed brain of the 
highest intellectual order. Exploring parties with the enter- 
])rise characteristic of our time are not only examining and 
developing the vast geological formations of the extensive 
unexplored regions of our western country, but thej' are 
astounding the learned and cultivated minds of men with the 
discovered relics of a long extinct race, who in ages jjast tended 
their flocks, tilled the land, built cities and palaces, and per- 
ished, never dreaming that a people unknown to them would 
in time penetrate into the valleys then teeming with population 
and find it barren, solitary, silent and dead; their name, their 
historj', their worth left oidy to mere conjecture. Scarcely a 
week passes but the press announces some new and interesting 
discovery of antiquarian remains that have been hidden in 
the earth or covered by the growth of forests for uncounted 
years, relics of an unknown people, who spread their bu.sy life 
over the valleys of the Ohio and Mississippi and on the plains 
of the far west. Our Grovernment making no provision for the 
preservation of these relics, unless we mention the Smithso- 
nian Institute, at 'Washington, they are soon destroyed or lost 
track of, the possessors being unknown. Scholars are thereby 
deprived of a great advantage in their studies, having to depend 
almost entirely on written descriptions, in many cases very 
inaccurate. Whereas, could they all be safely deposited, 
arranged and properly classified in one great national museum, 
a more systematic and thorough examination might be given 
of them and more just conclusions arrived at. At present 
most, if not all, the picture writings saved are preserved in 
European museums, and the few English translations from the 
early written manuscripts are issued in costlj' and expensive 
volumes, and consequently to the majority of readers unat- 
tainable. 

A few years ago circumstances led me into a partial investi- 
gation of American antiquities; and I had the oiiportunity i i 
reading and examining several rare and valuable works on the 
subject, from which I made notes and extracts. It is these 
notes, arranged into some systematic form, that I purjjose to 
present to the readers of the Instructor, with the hope that 
they may not only prove beneficial, but at the same time 
create a feeling and interest in a history so essential to every 
Latter-day Saint, and lead to a more thorough reading and 
study of a subject so interesting. 

The history of the eastern hemisphere presents almost an 
uninterrupted record of man from the stone age, a history of 
progress and advancement in science and art. But, alas! for 
the western portion of the globe; iheir histoiy, previous to the 
discoverv by Colun:bus, is unsatisfactory and mysterious. Yet 





Cr TJ "^ E mri L E in^STI^TJGTOI^ 



S67 




enough remains to prove the nulaneholj' fact that tlie inhabi- 
tants had degenerated and fallen away 3'eai' by year, until the 
European occupation, when little of their once great civilization 
remained. The cause of this decadence is patent to every 
reader of the Book of Mormon. Let us see how far it is 
sustains:! by a few gleanings from what is usually called 
profane history. 



OI^nSTT TT?,EES FK^Olvdl 

ONE of the most interesting thinas we saw during a visit to 
England, made a few years ago, was the object in the 
Crystal Palace represented in the picture which we give here- 
with. It was a part of the bark of the ''Mother of the 
Forest," one of the giant trees of California. The bark was a 
foot and a half thick, and had been stripped from the trunk if 





the tree to the hight of nmre than a hundred feet. Four 
months were occupied in its removal; every piece as it was cut 
down was numbered, and it has been put up exactly as it grew. 

The in.side of this bark is fitted up as a room, with table and 
chairs. ''Take the table and chairs out of th; room," said our 
guide, "and it will hold one hundred ;md fifty jiersons, standing 
\xp\" As you look up the inside or outside, and think that 
ihe portion you gaze upon is only one quarter uf the wliole 
hight, you may form some idea of what this great tree is as it 
still stands in its own native forest. 

We have been much surprised lately to learn thai this trie, 
and the six hundred other giant trees in that forest, have 
sjirung from very tiny seeds; but so says a writer for the 
Boston Journal. He says: 

"The great elm on Boston Common is between si.v and seven 
feet in diameter; but here aro six hundred trees, the smallest of 



which is twelve feet in diameter, and the largest thirty-three. 
One which fell many years ago, from which the bark has 
crumbled, is now thirty-three feet in diameter, and you can 
walk two hundred and fifty feet along that portion of the 
trunk which has not yet decayed ! We might hew from this 
single trunk the hull of a shi]i of .urcater tonnage than the 
Santa Maria, in which Columbus crossed the ocean I — one 
larger even than the Mai/flotcfr of the Pilgrims ! iSit down 
and look at the monster called the 'Grizzly Great.' It is ninety 
feet up to the first limb, which is six feet and four inches in 
diameter! A limb, one hundred and thirty feet from the 
ground, has been broken off thirty feet from tlie body of the 
tree, and the fallen portion lies before us on the ground, eleven 
feet in circumference, or nearly four feet in diameter! There 
are thirteen in our party, and we all ride into the burned cavity 
of one tree still standing, and sit there upon our horses, with 
room for six or eight rnore ! We ride through the hollow 
trunk of another fallen tree thirty feet, as if it were a .section 
of the Thames Tunnel or of a tul)ular railway bridge. 

"It s wonderful, but wonder becomes amazement when we 
look upon the cones produced by these trees, and find them to 
be not larger than a hen's egg, and the seeds a mere speck. 
It would take a dozen of them to weigh down an apple seed ! 
Yet enfolded in this little feathery cell which lies in my hand, 
which my gentlest breathing will send whirling through the 
air, is another forest monarch as mighty as those around me. 
Drop it in the soil, press it beneath my feet, and. a thousand 
or fifteen hundred vears hence, it too shall be just such a won- 
der as this, within whose trunk we might make our home. 
There are mightier sermons in these trees tlian ever were 
uttered by human lips. A thousand of fifteen hundred years 
ago they were just thrusting their spires from the ground. 
What tides of human history have rolled away since then ! 
They do not set us to thinking of what man has been doing, 
but of what God has done. While they remain they will be 
the v/onder of the world." 



Simple Origin of Important Discoveries. — It is certain 
that the mo.st valuable discoveries have found their oiigin in 
the most trivial accidents. As some merchants were carrying 
nitre, they stoiined uear a river which istues from Mount 
Carmel, and not happening to find stones for resting their 
kettles, they substituted in their place some ])ieces of nitre, 
which the fire gradually dissolving, mixed with the sand, and 
occasioned a transparent matter to flow, which in fact, was 
nothing else but glass. 

It is said that the use of telescopes was first discovered by 
one Hansen, a spectacle-maker, at Middleburgh, in Holland) 
whose children when playing in the shop, casually placed a 
convex and concave glass in such a manner, that, by looking 
through them at the weathercock, they ob.served it appeared 
much larger and nearer than usual, and, by their expressions 
of surjirise, e.vcited the attention of their father, who soon 
obtained great credit for this useful discovery. 

Heylin,"in his cosmograiihy, tells us that the art of steering 
was discovered by a m;in of the name of Typhis, who took his 
hints for makina both the rudder and helm from seeing a kite 
in flying, guide her whole bedy liy her tail. 

^> --^»'* * ^ 

Wk cannot always keep an evil i.niiulsc f'nim arising, but we 
can put it dnwn after it has ari.-ieii. A (luaiiit old preacher 
said, "We cannot keep the birds from flying over our heads, 
but we can prevent thvir uiakini: nots in our luur. " 







268 



vJ U^El^IIliE in^STI^TJ CTOI?. 




ooii/ic:. 




OF all articles in common every-day use among us there is 
probably no one of which so little is known or which is of 
greater general interest than this. 

The tree on which cork is jiroduced is a species of oaki 
which grows to a hight of about thirty feet, and greatly resem- 
bles the evergreen oak. It is found principally in Spain and 
Portugal, but grows in some other places — notably the moun- 
tainous districts of the south of France and in French Algeria — 
but as I have said, the principal sources of the world's supply 
are the two first mentioned places. Cork, or corkwood, is 
nothing but the bark of this tree. It grows from one to three 
inches thick on the trunk and larger limbs of the tree. At 
the age of fifteen years this bark first becomes thick enough to 
be of any commercial value. Two circular incisions are made, 
one at the top and tlie other at the bottom, and one or two 
lingitudinal ones, when a sharp-pointed stick is introduced 
under the bark, and it is peeled off. Sometimes the whole 
tree is stripped in this way, sometimes only one side, and the 
other left to grow another year, or it is taken off' in thirds and 
quarters, so that it is no uncommon thing, in walking through 
the Spanish or Portugese cork forests, to see a triangular or 
square tree. The trees can thus be peeled safely and with 
profit at intervals of eight years for a ver>' long period — one 
hundred and fifty years or more. 

After being taken from the tree the bark is boiled in water 
to soften and clean it. Sometimes it is only soaked, which 
answers to a certain degree the same purpose, but is not so 
eflfective. After this the sheets are scraped to remove the skin 
or outer bark, which adheres to the outside of the cork. 
Then they are weighted down with heavy stones, to straighten 
and keep the sheets uniform. They are sorted into about 
sixteen diff'erent grades, packed in the storehouses or shipped 
to market. Formerly it was the custom to burn or char the 
cork soon after soaking. This, it was supposed, drew the pores 
closer together and concealed the small cracks and fissures 
which otherwise might injure the sale. 

It is commonly supposed that cork first came into use with 
the introduction of glass bottles in the beginning of the '15th 
century, but this is a mistake. Its valuable qualities were 
known and appreciated at a date much anterior to this. In 
accounts of the early Egyptians we find they used coffins made 
of cork and smeared the inner sides with resin, which preserved 
the bodies of their dead a long time. Later, the Romans u.sed 
it as stopples for jars, etc., and there is every reason to believe 
that its buoj'ant qualities had made it valuable as a life pre. 
server long ere it was discovered to make a good stopple. It 
has also been in use among the Spaniards to put between the 
walls of houses, and is found to answer capitally to repel moist, 
ure and insure warmth and an equable temperature. Medicm- 
ally it is a strong astringent, but it is not used to any great 
extent. 

Until within t1i ■ last thirty or forty years, the manufacture of 
corkwood into eo-ks remained in a very primitive state. It 
was mostly cii'-riej on in Spain and Portugal and in the south 
of France, an 1 done entirely by hand. The instrument used 
was a sharp and thin-bladed knife. It was neces.sary to keep 
this knife constantly very sharp, and after every cut the oper- 
ator gave it a stroke on a honing board which lay beside him. 
But since that time a great revolution has taken place in this 
branch of the business. Mr. '\Vm. King, of New York, the 
senior partner of the largest cork importing house in this 
country, some years aso successfully applied machinery to cork 



cutting, and now the hand-cut cork is almost entirely super- 
seded. They are still manufactured in Spain, but cannot 
compete with machine-made ones. Corks are alwaj^s cut so 
that the pores run crosswise, thus preventing them from trans- 
mlttmg the air. 



iFOTJi^TEEisr TynoisriKiE'^s. 



"IIThen we left the inland of Java, where our .ship touched 
V T for wood and water, we took with us 16S Java sparrows 
and 14 monkeys. You know I was in China a year or more, 
and this was on my way home. Forty of these sparrows were 
mine, but they were no trouble to me, because my boy did all 
the care-taking. I had two of the monkeys, too, little delicate 
mouse-colored ones, with soft, silky hair. One died very 
shortly, but the other lived several months, and clung to me 
like a baby. He would creep under my coat or into a pocket, 
and be content to lie there all day if 1 would let him, and he 
played like a kitten. Then there was a little cinnamon-colored 
one which spent a great deal of time with him, and taught 
him all the wickedness lie knew, and their antics together were 
funny beyond my telling. Poor Cinny came to an untimely end, 
and you shall hear how. 

"You know the Captain of a man-of-war messes, that is, 
eats alone, unless he invites some one specially to share his 
table, and the steward always takes great pride in having meals 
handsomely served. The monkeys made him a great deal of 
trouble running away with bread, and so on, and generally, to 
jirevent their getting it, he locked the door of 'the cabin till 
the captain came. This particular day, the Captain had sat 
down to a beautiful little dinner, and was on the point of 
beginning when he was called away, and went, leaving the door 
open. Cinny was on the watch, and sped in, followed by a 
large black monk ey fully three feet high, who had his head 
and face shaved by the sailors, leaving only mustache and side- 
whiskers. You can't think what a grim-looking creature it 
was, with these jet black ornaments against a snow white skin. 
It gave him a goblin-like, unearthly look. I shouldn't have 
cared to meet him in a dark night. 

"'Well, they went in, as I said, velvet-footed and silent, and 
began operations. The lights were all open, as the day was 
hot, and they threw dish after dish out into the water. Then 
Cinny took the butter and oiled himself from head to foot, 
drawing what was left in streaks up and down the table-cloth. 
The black one in the mean time began upon the dessert, and 
ate or threw it on the floor as the mood took him, and in the 
midst of all the Captain returned to find Cinny emptying salt, 
mustard and so on from the castors into the soup-tureen. 
They went by him like lightning and up the mast, but this 
time there was no escape. The Captain was furious, and draw, 
ing a pistol, .shot them both. They fell into the water — 
drowned, of course; and so two ended. 

".\11 sorts of things happened to the eleven survivors. 
Thsre were two or three sheep on board, for the benefit of the 
sailors, and their lives were a burden to them. Their tails 
were pulled, and their wool, by that dreadful eleven; and one 
day two of the monkeys decided to ride them, and so pinched 
and kicked and tormented the poor creatures that they leaped 
from their pen. and then, frightened by the sailors, went over 
the ship's side, monkeys and all, and were drowned. The 
sailors wanted to lower a boat, for the poor monkeys swam and 
cried like children, but we were going too fast, and they 
were gone before a boat could have reached them. So only 
nine were left, and three of these got at the captain's liquors 




? 



0" TJ ^ E ISr I L E I2SrSTI?/TJCTOI^ 



269 




one day and drank so much wine that they never woke up 
from the sleep into which they fell. 

"Still the six, headed by Pedro, accomplished a fair share 
of mischief, though he was the master spirit. Against my 
monkey he had some special grudge, and poor Tito had a hard 
time. Pedro was big and strong, and principally tail, which 
means that he could swing farther and from more unexpected 
places than all the rest put together. He delighted in clasp- 
ing Tito in his arms, running to the topmast, and then swing- 
ing by the tail until Tito screamed. Sometimes he dropped 
him into the rigging, and Tito caught at ropes' ends and saved 
himself, only to be whisked up and tortured again. At last I 
whipped I'edro whenever he came into my stateroom, and it 
was this which made him hate me so. He would sit just 
where I could not reach him, and chatter and make faces, 
growing more and more angry if he thought I did not notice 
him. He stole my brushes, went off with pens and pencils, 
hung my clothes on the mainmast, and I declared he must and 
should be killed." 

"Why didn't you kill him then?" Gracie asked. 

"Because he belonged to the Pir.st Lieutenant, who was 
taking him home to his little girl. He knew a great many 
funny tricks, and was good enough with any body but me; and 
I locked my door on going out, and guarded against him as 
well as I could. But judgment overtook him at last. The 
steward had spread phosphorus, to kill roaches, on some 
bread and butter, and laid it about. Pedro at once lunched 
upon all he could find, and, before anj-one knew what was 
the matter, died. Three of the little ones sickened, and at 
last, when we came into port, only three of the fourteen 
remained."— Selected. 



BJ^ID G-:Ei.J\.l^l^J\.-Sj. 




\T7e hear it on the street, on the cars, in business offices, in 
T T schools and colleges, in private circles, and sometimes in 
pulpits and from platforms. The ignorant and the wise, the 
untutored and the scholar are all more or less guilty. Even 
when we know what is correct in expression we are often 
betrayed by habit or association or imitation into some viola- 
tion of the King's English. But as life is a perpetual warfare 
against vice and dirt and want, so it must be that we shall, 
while we live, have to fight against those same elements in 
another form in our language. Writers and public sjieakers 
understand this perfectly well, andkeep "toning themselves up'' 
by constant and increasing acquaintance with the great think- 
ers and writers of the past and present, enriching their vocab- 
ulary, refining their expressions, and selecting with increasing 
care the language in which their thoughts shall be embodied. But 
the majority of educated people consider the work of learning 
to talk complete when they leave school, and careless about 
weeding out any imperfections that may still exist in their use 
of the mother tongue, they allow others to creep in until 
"the whole lump is leavened." 

It is not possible for us all to be i)hi!ologists and choose our 
words with careful reference to their.etymology and accommo- 
dated meanings, but there are few of us who may not, by 
moderate care and painstaking, bring our language nearer the 
standard of grammatical purity. It is quite interesting to 
sit and listen to the conversation of students and note the ease 
and abandon with which they violate the very rules of .'iyntax 
they have but just recited, and often in the presence of their 
parents, who either do not notice or fail to correct the most glar- 
ing solecisms. The following expressions iHt^Jily^^fffttt^ns'pecmle- 

fiES£R£T SUNDAff SCMCGL t'.;!: 



who think they are well educated may perhaps ca'l attention 
to this subject more efficiently than theorizing and philoso- 
phizing upon it will do. They have been gathered within the 
last few weeks, and are the most frequent violations, in com- 
mon parlance, of correct grammar: "It ain't," for it isn't. 
Ain't is a contractionof am not; "it am not" is evidently erro^ 
neous. "Has the cows been fed?" "I laid in three ton of hay: " 
"he walked twenty mile;" "oats is best for horses;" — these 
violate the rule that verbs arid nominatives must agree in 
number and person. 

The use of two negatives in the same sentence is very 
common. ' 'They don' t want no more, " "I don' t know nothing 
about it," "they haven't got no money;" "any" and "any- 
thing" instead of "no" would make these sentences gram- 
matical. 

Adverbs and adjectives are often used amiss. No error of 
this sort is more common than the adjective "good" for the 
adverb "well" "Is my hair combed good?" "1 can see very 
good. ' ' Verbs are frequently incorrectly formed in their past 
tenses, and the participle used whei-e the past tense would be 
proper. "He was drownded," "I throwed it to him," "they 
done it," "we .seen it;" these expres.sions one could hear any 
day. 

The addition of an unnecessary prejjosition is a verj' common 
error. "The way is opened up;"' why not opened down? "We 
continued on," "where is be at?" 

These and them are often used instead of this and those. 
"These kind," or "them kind of things," "them children." 
Other improper uses of pronouns are found in "her and me 
went to school," "it is him," "that's me." 

It is possible in a brief article like this to enumerate onlj- the 
most common and glaring errors in eveiy-day conversation, but 
it is hoped that when once attention is drawn to these, the effort 
to correct them will lead to the discovery and correction of other 
incongruities in language, and thereby to habitual correctness 
of speech. 

Children just as naturally pick up bad language as they get 
their faces dirty and their clothes soiled, and as we wash both 
their faces and their clothes, so we need to be perpetually 
purifying, refining, correcting their language and out own as 
well, for we, too, are but children of a larger growth, proue to 
slip back into easy, careless, incorrect modes of speech. Cicero 
says that those who attained the greatest distinction in his day 
for purity and elegance of diction, learned to speak their native 
tongue from their mothers, who carefnlly instructed them to 
avoid'all the errors of the vulgar, so that when they became 
orators and writers they had nothing to unlearn. 

The ghastly rents displayed by the conversation of many a 
bejewled and fashionably-dressed woman would appal her if they 
betrayed the same novertv in her apparel that, to a discerning 
mind, appears in her education; the polish of fine French 
calf, the lustre ot spotless broadcloth, or the gloss of snowy 
linen, but feebly atones for ill-selected words, ungrammatical 
phrases, and blundering syntax. This outer wear, milliners, 
and tailors and shoemakers, and laundry maids can lie held 
accountable for; but a pure, faultless, polished, elegant diction is 
a possession no prince can inherit, no millionaire can buy, and 
yet it is within the reach of every earnest, patient, painstaking 
lover of his notive tongue. 



"This little fellow," said iMartin Luther, of a bird going to 

roost, "has chosen his shelter, and is (piietly rocking himself 

to sleep without a care for to-morrow's lodging; calmly holding 

■ (bynhis little twig, and leaving God alone to think of him.' 



¥> NORTH IwlAIN ?;TPaikl 



«i..i aOARD 




^ 



SALT UKE arc I, UTAH 




S70 



TTJ^sTEI^rilLE! Il.<rSTI?.TJGTOI^. 




^!ie 



e 



riuiniiit 



GEORGE Q. CANNOX. 



EDITOR. 





SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1874. 

Er)ITOI?.IJ^L ■ THZOTJO-SITS- 

HR young friends in the course of their 
reading may occasionally meet with the 
word "adulterate," and possibly may 
not be very sure of its meaning. If, to 
convince themselves, they look in a dic- 
tionary, they will find that the definition 
of the word is " 'to corrupt by some for- 
eign mixture or by intermixing what is 
loss valuable," or that it is a term applied 
to the deterioration of articles of food, 
drugs, etc., b.v mixing with them cheap and 
infeior substances. 

It cannot be denied that the practice of adul- 
terating food and drugs is almost universal, and 
i i one of the serious evils of the times. The 
lunt of disease and suffering resulting from this 
honest practice cannot be calculated. We may 
liosse.ss strong constitutions, lireathe jiure air, be 
temperate in all things, partake of a sufficient (juan- 
tit3" of food, and have all the conditions necessary to a healthful 
life in our possession, but if the quality of the food be poor, 
or worse, if it contain ingredients which not onlj- possess no 
nutritive qualities but are actually injurious, we cannot expect 
to enjoy robust health; for such injurious substances introduced 
into our systems at each meal cannot but ruin our health and 
shorten our day.s cm the earth. 

The dairyman who mixes water with his milk, and the 
grocer who does the same thing with his vinegar, adulterates 
the.sc articles: but there is a worse de.^cription of adulteration 
than simi'ily diluting with water. It is when unwholesome and 
even poisonous .substances are introduced to bring about some 
desired object. We will suppose a case. — A wine merchant in 
London imports from Portugal a very inferior quality of port 
wine. This he desires to throw on the market as the product 
of a very superior vintage. To do this he either '"doctors" the 
wine with drugs, or. if it be weak, "fortifies" or strengthens 
it with common British sinrit; this latter being distilled from all 
manner nf ehea]) and disagreeable refuse. The wine being 
now jirejiared >o as to imitate the superior article, he can sell 
it at an immense profit, greater or less according to his ability 
to palm it oft' on his customers. For it must be remembered 
that most wine has no fixed price like a yard of calico or a 
pouml of sugar, but is worth just what the merchant can get 
for it. In this way the unscrupulous wine merchant can make 
raiiiJ .strides to fortune out of .such vile doctored stuff 

But our little fi-iends may ask why do manufiicturers adul- 
terate their goods'? F(.ir one of twii reasons, or in ]iart for 
both. Either that by mixing eheai)er material with the goods 
they profess to supply, they can undersell other manufacturers, 
and thus increase their trade; or, if they sell at the same rates 
a^ others do. they may be able to make larger profit.s. In 
either ca>o they expect to get rich more i|uickly than if they 
sold the pure article. 

Among the many benefits that will result from the full 
iiblisiiment of the United Order in the midst of the Saints 



will be the .stoppage of the adulteration of our food. Why? 
For many reasons. Among others: the Elders who will control 
the manufacture of that which we produce will be men who 
love truth and righteousness. They will not .sell one thing and 
call it another. They will be men who know that it is dishon- 
est and unjust to adulterate that which they manufacture. 
They will not, as has often been done, mix with the wheaten 
flour the flour of potatoes, corn, beans or peas; or, wor.se still, 
will not add thereto carbonate tnd sulphate of lime, soap-stone, 
chalk, white clay, bone dust or bone ashes. Should they .sell 
us coffee, which most probably they will not, they will not 
supply us in the stead thereof with chicory, acorns, mangel- 
wurzel, peas and beans; and .should they make our candy, they 
they will not use in its manufacture the products of the numer- 
ous virulent mineral poisons that are at present u.sed so largely 
to color and ornament the candy and sweetmeats that our boys 
and girls are so fond of Again, that which they manuflicture 
will be made for home con.suniption, that is, for the use of 
themselves and families; and it is not likely that men will mix 
poisons or unwholesome subtances in that which they them- 
.selves and their wives and children will consume. No sane 
man will, in this way. intentionally jioi.son his own fimily. On 
the other hand, dishonest trailers in the world have but few 
scruples of conscience as to the purity of the goods they man- 
ufacture for a fir distant market. An English manufiicturer 
is. as a rule, not so particular with regard to the quality of the 
goods he exports for the use of the Ashantee, or Hottentots 
as he is about that which he makes to be con.sumed in England. 
We, in this far western market, suft'er fiom the same cause, as 
goods of an inferior quality are jialmed upon us by eastern 
manufacturers. 

Again, which with selfish i)eople will be an excellent argu- 
ment, the competition being withdrawn, the incentive to 
adulterate will not exist. For we do not expect to .see the 
I nited Order in one settlement running in opposition to that 
in the next .settlement; nor have we any idea that the Saints in 
one place will be trying to undersoil their neighbors who 
reside a few miles off, but the prices of goods will be fixed 
according to just and honest princijiles, and no one will have 
any reason to sell aught but pure and honest articles. For 
these and many other reasons we expect to see the present 
system of "popular poisoning" entirely cea.=e when God's way 
of doing business shall be established in the midst of His 
people. 



^ Sit .\nd Set. L.\y and Lie.— The two words "sit" and 
"set" are too often mistaken for each othci'. When a gram- 
mar class is asked, for the first time, if it is right to say "hens 
set." the "court sets." one half of them will vote one way and 
the other half the other. The court means the judge or 
judges: the judge sits, the court sits, the jury sits, heas sit, 
hirds sit. "Setting hen" is wrong: hens are not "setters" or 
]>ointers. Set '-equires an objective case; wo .set a chair, but 
we sit in it. 

There is a similar difficulty in the u.'^c of "lie" and "lay." 
In families whose hens "set" everything "lays," and all 
"lay abed." The quoted words are wrong. Lay means to 
place, and requires an objective, as "the hens lay eggs." 
"Now I lay me." We should .<ay the book lies on the table; 
he lies abed; lies low; everybody lies, if you please, but nobody 
lays unless he has something to lay. 



Constant occupation prevents temptation. 





Cr TJ V E! ZtT I !_■ E insrSTI^TJCTOI?/, 




271 



NEARLY all our readers are well enough acquainted witli tlie 
appearance and construction of the rude wick-i-up of our 
native Indian which constitutes his onlj' shelter from the 
scorching raj's of summer or the chilling blasts of winter; but 
here we have the picture of a habitation in use in another part 
of the world, which, although only a tent, differs very much 
from the Indian wick-i-up. 

The tent of the Turkoman in C'jntval Asi:v i-; very neat, and 
quite suitable with the life 
led by this wandering peo- 
ple. We give an illustration 
in three forms: 1st, the 
framework cut in wood; 2nd, 
the same when covered with 
pieces of felt ; lid, its inte- 
rior. With the exception 
of the wood-work, all its 
parts are made by the Turk- 
oman woman, who busies 
lierself with its construction 
and putting together its va- 
rious partj. The tents of 
the rich and tlie jioor arc 
diistingui.shed by their being 
got up witli a greater or less 
pomp in the in.side. There 
are only two soits: the 
karaoy, or black tent, that 
is, the tent which has grown 
brown or black from age; 
and tlie akoy, or white tent, 
that is, one covered in the 
interior with felt of snowy 
whiteness; it is erected for 
newly-married couple':, or 
for guests to whom tlioy 
wish to pay particular 
honor. Cool in suuuuerand 
warm in winter, what a 
ble-ssing is its shelter when 
the wild hurricane rages in all 
directions around the almost 
boundless plains! A stran- 
ger is often fearful lest the 
elements should rend into 
a thousand pieces sn frail an 
abode, but the Turkoman 
has no such fear; he makes 
the cords fast and sleejs 
sweetly, for the howling of 
th'? storm .sounds in his ear 
like the song that lulls tl;e 
infant in his cradle! 

Of cour.se such a habitation for a settled aboih 
style that would suit a people mnro advancoil in 
but the Tnrkonian neither knows nor ilcsires an;. 




i ; not the 
civilization. 
otlicv kind. 



-o*^--o*- -♦-'*— 



j^ icoi^^ik: gxjstoii^^. 




WF. have all rea 1 nf Jacnb of old, who entered intn (•ontra<-t 
with his uncle. Laban, to work for him seven years on 
condition that he ^llould have his daughter Ilachel, wiio --was 



beautiful and well favored" for a wife; how he served the full 
term, which seemed to him but a few days, he loved her so 
much; how, when Jacob claimed his wife so honorably earned 
his uucle plaj'ed a most dishonorable part with him by palming 
off on him her "tender-e.yed" and less lovable sister Leah; how 
Jacob, on discovering the deception, charged Laban with du- 
plicity and departing from his agreement; and finally, how 
Laban compelled him, as the only condition on which he 
should have the maiden of his choice, to serve him yet seven 
years more. But all this is not more curious than the custom 

of love m-iking in vogue 
among the Koriiks, which 
is described as follows by a 
writer on the subject.'' 

"When once the young 
beau becomes infatuated, he 
makes known his passion to 
the ftither of his '"affinity," 
and expresses his desire to 
strive for her hand. A 
kin 1 of contract is immedi- 
ately entered into, by which 
the young man binds him- 
self to the father as a ser- 
vant for a term of years, 
at the expiration of which 
time he can have the pleas- 
ure of learning whether the 
daughter will have him or 
not. In this manner, if the 
father h:; the happy posses- 
sor of a beautiful daughter, 
he may have half a dozen 
men ready to do his bidding 
at one time. When the 
term of servitude expires, 
one of the krger courts of 
the place is selected, and all 
the old women of the place, 
armed with sticks and pieces 
of sealthong, are stationed 
in the pologs su^jiended a- 
round the room. The daugh- 
ter then appears thickly clad 
in :-kin garments, followed 
by her lover, when a race 
ensues around the inclosure, 
the contestants dodging 
a!iout among the pologs. 
To win his bride, he must 
overtake her. and leave the 
print of his nail upon her 
person before she can be 
rescued by the old women, 
who, during the race, im- 
pcile the lover as much as possible by beating him with 
sticks, and trijiiting him by seizing liis legs as he rushes at 

thi'ui. 

The advantage is idl with tlie liiil. and if she does not wish 
to become the wife of her pm-sun- >lic can avoid him without 
diffi:'nlty. On the contrary, if ^lll■ likes him .she manages to 
stumble, or makes known her wishes to the old women, who 
then (ndy make a show of imiKMling her piu-.^uer. Somethnes 
the lover is so desperately smitten that, just after being foiled. 



s 




-^ 




S7S 



Cr TJ ^ E Isr I L E IIsTSTI^/TJCTOI?.. 




he returns to the father, and binds himself for another period 
of years for the privilege of making another trial." 



TILJ^ZsrSIT OIF VEIsTTTS. 




DOUBTLESS many of our readers have noticed allusions in 
newspapers of late to the preparations that are being 
made among scientific men for observing the transit of A'^enus, 
which is to occur on the 8th of December. For the benefit of 
those who do not know what is meant by a transit of Venus, 
we will say that it means a passing of the planet Venus over 
the sun's disc, or face. It will probably seem strange to many 
that such a phenomenon should excite such general interest, 
and that men and nations should go to so much expense and 
trouble to prepare for observing it; for we read that the leading 
nations of the present day are sending out numbers of parties 
of scientific men at great expense to distant parts of the earth, 
to make observations of it from no less than seventy different 
stations. But all this is not so strange when we know that the 
occasion is one of such rare occurrence that it is doubtful if 
there is a man living at the present who has ever witnessed 
the phenomenon, as it is over a century since it last occurred. 
What adds most to the interest of the occasion is the fact that 
astronomers expect to have an opportunity of a.scertaiuiug the 
true distance of the sun from the earth, which, if they meet 
with success, is a matter of sufficient importance to repay them 
for their trouble. But, it may be asked, why are parties sent 
to such a great distance to make observations of the expected 
transit? Why not do it at home? For tlie simple reason that 
it will occur on the ojjijosite side of the earth, and be visible 
only from those countries whose inhabitants are enjoying the 
glorious light of day while we are surrounded with the dark- 
ness of night; and the astronomers sent out will likely be 
making their observations when we are wrapped in slumber. 

Transits of A'^enus generally come in pairs, eight years apart, 
with a period of over a hundred years between one . pair and 
the next. Transits have occurred in Dec. 16.31 and 16.39; in 
June 1761 and 1769; and will occur Dec. 8th, of the present 
year, and again Dec. 6, 1882. The last mentioned transit will 
be visible from this side cf the earth, as it will be day here at 
the time. That of 1639 was the first transit of ^'enus seen by 
any human being, and some of the circumstances connected 
with that event as related in the following article selected from 
St. KicJioIas will be interesting to our readers: 

The first transit of Venus ever seen by a human ej'e was 
predicted by a boy, and was observed by that boy just as he 
reached the age of manhood. His name was Jeremiah 
Horrox. We have a somewhat wonderful story to tell you 
about this boy. He lived in an obscure village near Liver- 
pool, England. He was a lover of books of science, and 
before he reached the age of eighteen he had mastered the 
astronomical knowledge of the day. He studied the problems 
of Kei)ler, and he made the discover}' that the tables of Kepler 
indicated the near approach of the ])eriod of the transit of 
Venus across the .sun's center. This was about the 3-ear 1635. 

Often on midsummer nights the boy Horrox might have 
been seen in the fields watching the planet ^^enus. The desire 
sprung up within him to .see the transit of the beautiful planet 
across the disc of the sun, for it was a sight that no eye had 
ever seen, and one that would tend to solve some of the great- 
est problems ever presented to tlie mind of an astronomer. 
So the boy began to examine the astronomical tables of Kepler, 
and by their aid endeavored to demonstrate at what time the 
next transit would occur. He found an error in the tables, 



and then he, being the first of all astronomers to make the 
precise calculation, discovered the exact date when the next 
transit would take place. 

He told his secret to one intimate friend, a boy who, like 
himself, loved science. The j'oung astronomer then awaited 
the event which he had predicted for a number of years, never 
seeing the loved planet in the shaded evening sky without 
dreaming of the day when the transit should fulfill the beau- 
tiful vision he carried continually in his mind. 

The memorable year came at last— 1639. The predicted day 
of the transit came, too, at the end ot the year. It was 
Sunday. It found Horrox, the boy astronomer, now just past 
twenty years of age, intently watching a sheet of paper in a 
private room, on which lay the sun's reflected image. Over 
this reflection of the sun's disc on the paper he expected, 
moment by moment, to see the planet pass like a moving spot 
or a shadow. 

Suddenly the church-bells rang. He was a verj' religious 
youth, and was accustomed to heed the church-bells as a call 
from heaven. The paper was still spotless; no shadow broke 
the outer edge of the sun's luminous circle. 

Still the church-bells rang. Should he go? A cloud might 
hide the sun before his return, and the expected disclosure be 
lost for a century. 

But Horrox said to himself, "I mu.stnot neglect the worship 
of the Creator to see the wonderful things the Creator has 
made." 

So he left the reflected image on the paper and went to the 
sanctuary. 

When he returned from the service he hurried to the room. 
The sun was still shining, and there like a shadow on the bright 
circle on the paper, was the image of the planet Venus! It 
crept slowly along the bright center, like the finger of the 
invisible. Then the boy astronomer knew that the great prob- 
lems of astronomy were correct, and the thought filled his 
pure heart with religious joy. 

Horrox died at the age of twenty-two. Nearly one hundred 
and thirty years afterwards "\'enus was again seen crossing the 
sun. The whole astronomical world was then interested in the 
event and expeditions of observation were fitted out by the 
principal European Governments. It was observed in this 
countrv bv David Kittenhouse, who fainted when he saw the 



-^-*- 



A KXIGHT of the shuttle having one evening devoted more 
time to the worship of Bacchus than was prudent or expedient, 
when attempting to go home, wandered in the direction of a 
glass-fiictory, where the men were engaged in the usual occu- 
])ations of such a place. Seeing his unfit state for progressive 
motion, one of the men took him in, and having laid him 
down, overcome with the heat and the effects of his potations, 
he was soon fast asleep. For some time he lay totally uncon- 
.scious of his situation, but by and by awaking and seeing the 
furnaces, and the men moving about in all directions with the 
liquid metal shining at the end of their long rods, he thought 
he had without doubt got into the nether regions, and prepared 
himself for such a fate. The idea that he had entered the 
other world was soon strengthened by one of the workers 
shaking him roughly, and saying, "Wha are ye, and whar do 
ye come frae?" To which he replied, "When I was on the 
}'earth I was a Dumfarlin', weaver, but, please j'e, I'll be 
onj'thing here ye like. 



He that shows his passion telVs his enemy where to hit him. 




/ V 




.TTj^EHsTiLEi iisrsa:i?."croToi^. 



S73 




Iiie^!i0tis nni %iinwtvn 



BOOIC 



03sr 

OIF 



THIE 



KEIGN OP THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LSXV. 

Q. — What did Amnion do in tlie synagogues which were ordered 
to he huill by Lamoni? 

A. — He preached the word of God to the people. 

Q. — Did they listen to him? 

A. — Yes; and they were zealous in keeping the commandments 
of God. 

Q.- -When Aaron and his brethern left the land of Middoni 
where did they go? 

A. — To the land of Ishmael. 

Q. — To whose house did they come? 

A. — To the house of the king of the country. 

Q.— What did they do? 

A. — The}' went to the king and told him who thej' were. 

Q - What did they offer to do? 

A. — The}' ofter<;d to be his servants if he would spare their 
lives. 

Q. — Did he agree to this? 

A.^He would not sutler them to be his servants. 

Q. — What did he want of them? 

A. — He wanted them to administer unto him. 

Q. — What did he ask concerning Amnion? 

A. — He wanted to know why Amnion had not come with them. 

Q. — W'hat did Aaron promise to the king? 

A. — He promised that if he would repent of his sins he should 
be saved. 

Q.— What did he say concerning God? 

A. — He told Aaron if he said there was a God he would believe 
there was such a being. 

Q. — How did Aaron feel when he heard this? 

A. — He was filled with joy. 

Q. — What did Aaron teach the king? 

A. — He began with Adam and read the Scripture unto him. 

Q. — When the king had heard these things what did he do? 

A. — He fell upon his knees. 

Q.— What did he afterwards do' 

A. — He fell as if he were dead. 

Q. — When hi? servants saw this what did they do? 

A. — They bore the news to the queen. 

Q. — When she saw Aaron and his brethern standing there, how 
did she feel? 

A. — She was very angry. 

Q.— Why so? 

A. — She thought they were the cause of his death. 

Q. — What did she command the servants to do? 

A. — To take Aaron and his Drethren and slay them. 

Q. — Did the servants do this? 

A. — No; they were afraid. 

Q. — When the queen saw the fear of the servants how did she 
feel? 

A. — She also began to fear. 

Q. — What did she next command the servants to do? 

A.— To call the people? 

Q.— What for? 

A.— To kill Aaron and his brethren. 

Q. — When Aaron saw the determination of the queen what did 
he do? 

A.— He touched the king with his hand. 

Q.—What effect did this have? 

A.— The king arose? 

Q_-VVhcn the queen and servants saw this miracle what were 
their feelings? 

A. — They were greatly amazed and began to fear. 



OlSr THIS BIBLE. 



BOOK OF JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXV. 

Q. — Who delivered Israel from Jabin, king of Canaan? 

A. — Deborah and Barak. 

Q.— What was Deborah? 

A. — A prophetess. 

Q. — What position did she fill at that time? 

A. — "She judged Israel." 

O. — Who killed Sisera, the captain of the host? 

A. — Jael, the wife of Heber the Kenite. 

Q.— Where did she kill him? 

A. — In her tent as he lay asleep. 

Q.— How did she kill him? 

A. — She drove a nail into his temples. 

Q. — What resulted from the death of Sisera? 

A. — The children of Israel were delivered from Jabin. king of 
Canaan. 

Q. — What did Deborah and Barak do when this was accom- 
plished? 

A. — They sang a song of praise unto the Lord. 

Q. — After this how long did the land have rest? 

A. — Forty years. 

Q. — What happened immediately after these forty years? 

A. — The children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord. 

Q.— What did the Lord do to them? 

A. — He delivered them into the hand of Midian. 

Q. — For how long? 

A. — Seven years. 

Q. — During the seven years what were the Israelites obliged to 
do' 

A. — To make for themselves dens, caves and stroneholds in the 
mountains. 

Q. — What did the Lord do when the children of Israel cried 
unto Him in their distress? 

A. — He sent a prophet unto them. 

Q. — What did the prophet say unto them? 

A. — That their troubles arose from disobedience. 

Q. — Who appeared unto Gideon? 

A. — An angel of the Lord. 

Q. — What did the Lord say unto Gideon? 

A. — Tkat he should save Israel from the hands of the Midian- 
ites. 

Q. — What did Gideon do when he heard this? 

A. — He asked for a sign to strengthen his faith. 

Q. — How did the Lord answer his request? 

A. — He caused fire to rise up from the rock and consume the 
flesh and unleavened cakes. 

Q. — Who placed them on the rock? 

A. — Gideon. 

Q. — Did Gideon seek for additional evidences from the Lord 
that he was chosen to deliver Israel/ 

A — Yes, twice. 

Q. — What did the Lord do first to prove to Gideon tliat he was 
called? 

A.— He caused dew to fall on u fleece of wool and not on the 
ground. 

Q.— What was the second sign? 

y\.— The dew fell upon the gruund and not upon the fleece. 

Q. — How many were there in Gideon's army? 

A. — Thirty-two thousand. 

Q. What did the Lord say about this? 

A. — Tliat they were too many. 

Q. — What reason did the Lord give that Gideon's army was too 
large? 

A. — "Lest Israel vaunt tlieniselvos against mo, saying. Mine 
own hand hath saved me." 





S7i 



jrTJVEl^ILE IILTSTI^ TJCTOI?/ 




WHITE LEAD. 



BY BETH. 




I"J7e are likely to become a luamifaeturiiig people, a thiiii; of 
Vy gi-eat importance as we may juilge by the efforts being 
made by our leaders and the frequent attention drawn to tlie 
subject by the press. Not that nothing has been done in this 
direction in days gone by, or that we are insensible to the merit 
of those who have been pioneers in this good work. Many 
years ago this particular substance, white lead, was made, and 
well made too, acceording to report by Jlr. I'ascoe, at a time 
■when there were great difficulties in the way of home manu- 
factures; and others, if not a.s successful, were at least as 
anxious to prepare this pigment for home consumption. ^Ir. 
F. 3Iitchell went so far as to succeed in preparing chemically 
pure lead, a very important thing in making good white lead! 
but there were difficulties in obtaining the requisite earthen 
pots and other things necessary to get up a good and cheap 
article. The method adopted by that gentlemsn to prepare 
lead, which was melted and run into ingots at ^Miuersville in 
this Territory, is worth naming, as it shows the very simple 
means that will enable pure lead to be obtained from the alloys 
of that metal by a method that has been imrsued for many 
year.s in manufacturing cities. 

A quantity of the lead alloy, which in this case contained 
silver, antimony and other metals, was melted and then 
allowed to cool down to a temperature at which the lead began 
to form crystals which were then ladled out with a strainer as 
fast as they formed. 3Iore lead was then added and the same 
process repeated until sufficient crystals were obtained. 

By this process not only can pure lead be obtained from lead 
silver alloys, but the remainder of the alloy is made more val- 
uable for the increased projio. tion of silver it contains, which is 
known as ''lead riches" among manufacturers. This rich alloy 
by further sejiaration and cuiiellation. yields up its treasures of 
refined silver. 

If we take some strips of lead and expose them to the chem- 
ical action of the fumes of vinegar (acetic acid) in a warm place 
a change graiUially takes jilace. The vapor of the vinegar 
attacks the lead, and the carbonic acid of the atmosphere enters 
into union with the corroded jiart, converting it into a .Mift, 
white, opaque mass, which is carbonate of lead, or ""white 
lead," as it is usually called. In practice this is done upon a 
large scale by a method exceedingly simple and economical. 
Pig lead is run through a machine and made up into small 
plates of the sha]ie of a large buckle, so as to jiresent the 
largest amount of the surface to the corroding action of the 
vinegar. These i)eice<of lead are put into earthen potsor jurs 
into each of which vinegar is put. These jars are then placed 
in a large building in long rows dose together. These rows are 
covered over with planks, upon which another row of pots is 
l>laccd which is covered nji in like manner, and this kind of 
jiacking is continued until the jiile is high enough. Then 
refuse I'rom the tan-yard (spent tan-bark I is covered over the 
entire pile. To (piicken the chemical action of the acids, a 
gentle warmth is created in the pile by a stoveiiijie which passes 
through it. The warmth and moistuie also generate carbonic 
acid by dccomiio.sit'on of the tan-bark. Many hundreds of 
pots are '"put to bed" in this way and allowed to remain for a 
cou])le of months or .so; when they are taken out and instead 
of metaline lead, ceruse, or white lead is i'ound in the pots. 
This part of the process is chemical; corrosive acid, warmth, 
moisture and carbonic acid from the tan-liark an 1 atnidsphcre 



have effected the changes. The -white lead is then removed 
in clean wooden pails to a part of the building where it is 
crushed between rollers into a soft mass, which is washed, 
strained, and afterwards dried upon large flat tables. This is 
done in a room which no human being need be desirous of 
entering, as it is filled with poisonous lead particles, in an 
atmosphere heated to one hundred and fifty degrees. The 
lead is afterwards packed in kegs for market. 

U'hite lead prepared by this method is better than that 
made by litharge. It "spreads" better when used, that is it 
is more opaque and the particles are finer, so that "it goes fur- 
ther. ' Ir litharge is dissolved in dilute vinegar or acetic acid 
and a current of carbonic acid gas is passed through it, the 
carbonate of lead is thrown down or precipitated. This kind 
of carbonate is of little value; it is known as '"French white." 

There are many other modes of prei>aring white ijigments 
which are not .so simple as these old-fashioned methods which 
have been mentioned. The manufacture of white lead is very 
dangerous; the vapors of lead are alisorbed into the system by 
the lungs and by the pores of the .skin. Still, plans may be 
devised by which much of the danger may be avoided. We 
have abundance of lead suitable for this manufacture, and we 
have also peaches, apples and other fruits, as well as molasses, 
for making vinegar. As a very large quantity of white lead is 
used in this Territory, it is to be ho]>ed the recommendation of 
our brethren will be acted upon, and that we shall soon have 
our own manufactures of this important pigment. 



^1 » .<g>* I ^ 



THE Ij j^nvcA-isriTEs. 



EV JOHN NICHOLSON. 



THE subject as to who the Indians or Lamanites are has been 
so frequently treated upon in the In.structoR that the 
writer supjioses that most of his readers already know who and 
what they are, and he will therefore confine himself mainly to 
narrating circumstances connected with and making allusions 
to what appears to be a great movement that is .going on among 
them at the iiresent in this jiart of the country. The Elders 
of the Church of Jesus Christ have preached the gos])el 
among them a good deal, es]iecially in past years, but appar- 
ently without any visible effect; but their eyes are now being 
opened to the principles of truth, and hundreds of them are 
being baptized. 

Here is a quotation concerning the Lamanites; the iL'th ]iar- 
agraph of the 12tli cha]iter of tlie Second Book of Xejihi; 
Book of Mormon: 

"'And now, I would [iroiihe.sy somewhat more concerning the 
Jews and the (lentiles. For after the book of which I have 
spoken shall come forth, and be written unto the Gentiles, and 
sealed up again unto (he Lord, there shall be many which .shall 
believe the words which arc written, and they shall carry them 
forth unto the remnant of our .seed. And then shall the rem- 
nant of our ."ced know concerning us, how that we came out 
from Jeru.salem, and that they are descendants of the Jews. 
And the gospel of Jesus Christ shall be declared among them; 
wherefore they shall be restored unto the knowledge of their 
fathers, and also to the knowledge of Je.sus Christ, which was 
had among their fathers. And then shall they rejoice, for they 
.■^hall know that it is a bles.sing unto them from the hand of 
God, and their scales of darkness shall begin to fall inmi their 
eyes; and many generation* shall not pass away among them, 
save they shall be a white and delightsome jieople." 





CTTJ-S^i-JHSrilLE IISrSTI?.UOTOI^ 



S75 



y?, 




Let us see whether this prediction of the great prothet is 
beginning to be fulfilled. The following dispatch was published 
in the Deseret Evening Xews on the 2nd of June last: 

"Deep Creek, "Utah, June 2, 1874. 
"One hundred Indians were submerged and confirmed into the 
Olormon' fiiith here yesterday, by Indian Interpreter Lee, from 
Grantsville, and three others whom he deputized as assistants; 
sixty minutes were consumed in the operation, a heavy rain 
prevailing at the time.'' 

The interpreter mentioned iu the foregoing is Elder William 
Lee, of Grantsville, and the assistants alluded to were Elders 
William H. Lee, of Tooele (not a relative of the other). Edwin 
Tadloek, President of the Deep Creek Branch of the Church. ' 
and James Worthington. of the latter place. 

The circumstances which led to the sending of that dispatch to 
the Keics should lie interesting to every Latter-day Saint, as 
showing plainly that the Lord is working visibly among the 
remnant of His people, in fulfillment of the predictions con- 
cerning them, and in confirmation of His promises to their 
fothers. The writer will give them, as accurately as his mem- 
ory will serve him. as he received them from the li]is of Elder 
William Lee, and as he a.ssured him he had received them 
from the lips of Toobuka, a leading chief of the Goshutes. 
The narration has also been confirmed to the writer by other 
parties more or less acquainted with the incidents. 

It appears that some time last spring Toobuka and the 
greater portion of his band were encamped some distance west 
of Deep Creek, and that one night he had a singular and very 
pleasant dream, in which he thought he saw a beautiful 
meadow, through which flowed a fine stream of clear water. 
He thought he saw Elder Lee. who told him that himself and 
l)eople must wash in that stream. In the morning when he 
awoke he had very jileasant feelings. He arose, and, as there 
was a creek near by, he told his people they must go and wash 
themselves in it, and they did so, he doing the same himself 

Subsequently Toobuka was sitting alone in his tent, wlien a 
man entered, whom he afterwaids de.scribed as having a white 
or rather a grey beard, and a very handsome countenance. As 
may be iniairined. he had peculiar feelings on seeing this strin- 
ger enter so suddenly. He gazed at this personage for a few 
moments, when he, the stranger, addressed Toobuka, the 
substance of his words being that the time had come for the 
Indians to be buried in water, baptized; that the "Jlormons" 
were their friends; that they had a book which told about their 
fathers, that Brigham held communion with God, and they 
must hear him. He also told Toobuka that the enemies of the 
Indians had driven, robbed, plundered and abused them, but 
that the time when their enemies could do that was nearly 
jia.-it, that the time had almost arrived when those who had 
wronged them would be like the "dry wood upon the moun- 
tains, that would be consimied, and the\', " tlio Indians, "would 
walk over the a.'<hes. 

The stranger then left, and Tmijiuka, being curious to know 
in what direction he had gone, walked towards tlic corner of a 
lihiff', around which the f,crsonage had turned, but when lie 
reached that point, so that lie could see the open country, the 
.-Jtranger had disappearcil, but in what manner Toobuka did 
not know. 

After this two personages together visited Toobuka in the 
same manner, and, after repeating what the first visitor had 
said, word for word, departed in the same manner. Toobuka 
said that one of the two was considerably tailor than the other. 

Subsequently one of the |ior.sonagos appeared again to Too 

k:i, makiiiL' the third visitatiiin, and the tliiiii.'s (bat had 



been uttered at the two previous vLsits were exactly repeated. 

The writer understood from Brother Lee that the most of 
the foregoing was related by Toobuka himself, in the vestry of 
the Grantsville fleeting House, in the presence of several 
brethren. Brother Lee interpreting. 

Those were the incidents that led to the subsequent circum- 
stances which caused the sending of the dispatch to the Nats; 
for after those [dain manifestations Toobuka soon made up his 
mind as to how he would act. He gathered as many of his 
jieoide together as he could reach and started for Deep Creek. 
On arriving there, about the latter end of May, he caused a 
dispatch to be sent to Interpreter William Lee, at Grantsville, 
asking him to come to him, as himself and people were waiting 
to hear what he had to say. and to do as he should advise. 

By counsel of Bishop John Rowberry. Brother William H. 
Lee took his team and wagon and went with Brother William 
Lee, interpreter, to Deep Creek, where they found Toobuka 
and his people awaiting their arrival. 

Interpreter Lee jsreached the gospel to them, explaining the 
principles thereof in as simple a manner as he could, to meet 
their capacities. At the conclusion of his remarks he said to 
them: ' 'All you who wish to do as I have told you, according 
to the commands of the Great Spirit," or words to that effect, 
"follow me!' and he walked off towards a stream about half a 
mile distant, and was followed by all the members of the tribe 
present, men, women and children. 

On arriving at the stream one of the brethren went into 
the water, while the others stood on the bank, and while he in 
the water baptized the Lamanites in the name of the Father, 
Son and Holy (xhost, by authority from Jesus Christ, as they 
went forward, those who stood on the bank confirmed them by 
the ordinance of the laying on of hands, those confirmed being 
seated on a chair, which had been taken there for the purjiose, 
while the ordinance was attended to. 

So much in earnest were these poor Lamanites that the 
women actually held out their little children to the Elder who 
was in the water that he might baptize them also, and were 
only satisfied when they were informed that children were not 
baptized until they were eight years old, but that they could 
be blessed by the servants of God, and afterwards the little 
ones were taken in the arms of those Eldeisand ble.s.sed. 

AVhile the baptisms and confirmations were proceeding, as 
stated in the dispatch, the rain commenced to pour down, but 
this was not heeded, and the good work went on until all had 
been brought intJi the fold by the door of baptism, after the 
likeness of the burial of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, 
and coming uj) out of the water after the likeness of Ilis 
resurrection. 

Tho-c Lamanites rejoiced, as did al.so the brethren who 
administered to them the .sacred ordinance of the go.spel, a 
spirit of peaceful solemnity resting ujion all. 

Besides the bajitiziiig and confirming of over a hundred of 
those people, as above described, seven of the most intelligent 
of thr men were ordained Elders, and iiistructbd in the duties 
(d' the calling id' that nflicc, and siib.sc(|ueiit events give every 
indication that they have been very industrious and zealous 
in telling their brethren in various parts of the things they 
had received. 

As Klders AVilliam lice and William H. Jjce were jia.ssing 
thniiigh Scull A'alley on their return home (Ui the Tth id'Jnne, 
they met with fifteen otluTs of the trilie. whom they then 
baptized and confirmi'd, administered (lie sacrament of the 
Jiord's supper In llieni. and ble.s.sed their eliildrcii. 
( 7'o he Cnnfi'iiiied.) 





S76 



J" U "V" E n^ I !_■ E in^STI^TJCTOI^ 



JsroT so C3-R.EEisr. 



IT is said that in the early history of Yale College, there was 
a ^'Lauffh and Groiv Fat Society" of which a rule was that 
ia the free and mirthful conversations, in which all must take 
part, no one, under penalty of a fine, was to asic a question 
which he himself could not answer. Of course there were 
various ingenious plans devised for entrajiping each other into 
a viohition of the rule, and great circumspection was required 
to keep clear of tliese trajjs. New members were fair- game, 
and few were known to pass their first night of membership 
without having one or more fines to pay. 

On one occasion, a countrj- lad, exceedingly awkward in his 
ways, and uncommonly given to asking questions, had been 
decoyed into membership. Much enjoyment was anticipated 
in seeing him break the ride. They did not know that he was 
as sharii and cautious as he was uncouth and inquisitive. As 
soon as he learned the rule about forfeits, ho because reserved 
and watchful. It amused him to see how traps were laid for 
the members, and how they were evaded, and he managed to 
spend a large part of the evening's session in comparative 
silence. At last one of the older members, whose talkative- 
ness and want of caution had subjected him to more than the 
usual sliare of forfeits, said to him : 

"Come! you must take your part in the conversation, and 
ask your questicns too." 

"I will as .soon as I get used to your ways. I do not like to 
be too forward," the other replied. 

"You have been telling us .so all the evening," said the first, 
"and it is now so late, that unless you at once ask your 
question, you will be fined for not obeying the rides.'' 

"I cannot think of any question, except one so foolish that I 
am ashamed to ask it," responded the new-comer in a very 
bashful way: 

"^Vell what is it? Out with it!" said his tormentor. 
"It is this, " he replied. '''How does the chip-squirrel malce 
his hole, and leave no dirt a.t tlie top?" 

A chip-squiiTel's hole is remarkably neat; it has no dirt 
around it, and almost every person, without being conscious of 
it, jierhaps asks himself this question. The subieot was dis- 
cussed with considerable relish, some persons giving one an.swer 
and .some another, all of which were rejected by the propoundcr, 
when finally the persecutor said to him: 
'You have asked the question; now answer it." 
" Most willingly," said country. "The S(iuirrel begins at 
t'other end." 

"At t'other end!" exclamed the first. "But how does he 
get there'/" 

"I dont know," was the reply. "But since you have a.'^ked 
that question, suppose you an.swer it." 

Of course the forfeit had to be paid. — [Selected 



TIDVCE'S TE^OHZIlsrGS 



So much to do, so far to climb, 

So little learned at fifty! 
Ah! youth is prodigal of time, 

Age, only, makes us thrifty. 

The silver gleams that in our locks 
Are sunset's pale fore-glances, 

Teach us that deed.s, not beating clocks, 
Mark fitly Time's advances. 




TllK less a man thinks or knows about his virtues the better 
like him. 




j*lec 



feil I 



:c!ri 



"I'm four years old to-day, p;ipa! 
I guess j'ou didn't know 

How very old and big and strong 
la one night I should grow. 

For last night when I went to sleep. 
Your boy was only three! 

Just see how tall I am to-day- 
Papa, do you know me? 
I'm four years old! 

"And now I am almost a man 

And want a candy store — 
To sell ice-cream anil nuts and figs, 

And lots of good things more! 
And — Oh — I want a big black dog 

To keep bad boys away — 
A pony just as white as snow 

To ride on every day — 
I'm four years old! 

"I'm sorry for poor little Ned, 

Just think, he's only two! 
But if he lives, he'll grow a man, 

And all these nice things do. 
I'll give him all my tops and balls, 

My dresses and my toys 
For things like these are verj- nice 

To please such little boys! 
I'm four j-ears old!" 

""What! four years old! My little son, 

You fill me with surprise, 
My boy become a man so soon! 

Can I believe my eyes? — 
Ah! golden time, so full of hope, 

So fresh and sweet and fair! 
I Avell remember now tlie day 

"When I, all free from care, 
"VVas four vears old!" 



m^K. j^iDE. 



BY M. A. BURNII.\J). 



I AM composed of 14 letters: 

My 14, 10, 3, 2, 5, 5, 7 is a lady's name; 

My 6, 2, 1 is a fowl; 

My 3, 4, 11, 12, 1.3, 14, 8 is a species of bird; 

3Iy 14, 10, 4, 3, 2, is the name of one of Jacob's sons; 

My 6, 7, 9, 8 is a member of the body; 

My whole is the name of an ancient king. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

.^^OflSce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




