
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 3, 1875. 



NO. 7. 



THIE Oj^BnVCEI-r OIF- ST. I=ETEI^SBTJI^C3-. 




PERHAPS no city in Europe has such an imposing appearance 
as St. Petersburg. As we sail up the broad, clear Neva, 
we are at once struck by the splendid rows of white mansions 
which line the granite quays, by the vast quantity of shipping, 
by the superb and colos.sal public buildings, by the stately 
bridge, and, above all, by the gilded domes and spires of the 
numerous churches which glitter and sparkle as the rays of 
the setting sun fall upon them. 

We land, and at once forget the splendors upon which we 
have been gazing, in the struggles and vexations which attend 
the custom-house examination, which takes place in an open 
shed on the quay. Escaping 
from it, baggage in hand, we 
make our way on the road, 
where we are at once sur- 
rounded by a crowd of wild 
and savage-looking beings in 
a most quaint dress, who all 
yell a strange jargon in our 
ears, while they fight, push, 
and struggle with one another 
for the possession of our per- 
sons and property; endeavor- 
ing to drag us towards a row 
of vehicles different in shape 
from any we have before seen 
in Europe. 

These wild-looking beings 
are the JsvoslcJiiks^ or cabmen 
of St. Petensburg, and their 
conveyances are called dros- 
Mes. The appearance of both 
is rather startling to a stranger 

upon his first arrival in the Russian capital. The men are of 
the regular Mongolian type, dark-complexioned, with somewhat 
round, flat faces, small, black, sparkling eyes, and huge, tangled 
beards. They are all dressed exactly alike, in the dark caftan 
or coat, tight at the waist and loo.se in the .skirt-s, something 
like a dre.s.sing-gown, of black or dark blue cloth, and coming 
down to the heels. There is generally a long row of buttons 
down the front, while a broad sash, which once has been of 
some bright color, encircles the waist. Each man wears a hat 
or cap of very peculiar shape, and high boots, which reach to 
the knee. In winter he puts on a long thick sheep-skin coat 
instead of the cloth caftan. 




His small shaky vehicle may be best imagined from our 
picture. A Russian drosky will hold two persons at a great 
pinch, but only one can ride in it with comfort. They tear 
along at a tremendous pace over the paved streets of the 
capital, and one frequently has to hold hard on to the side to 
prevent being jerked out. 

No city in Europe covers such a vast area as St. Petersburg. 
All the streets and squares are of immense length and width, 
the distance being thus very great, and the Russians not being 
fond of walking, these droskies are much more used than the 
tiackney-oan'iages of any other Eurojiean capital. A traveler 

I in giving his experience in St. 
Petersburg says: 

■'There are no fixed fares, 
and, on hiring a drosky, the 
first thing we have to do is, 
to make a bargain with the 
driver. They will generally 
take us cheaply enough, but 
woe betide us if we do not 
make the arrangement previ- 
ous to our drive! On one 
occasion I bargained with an 
isvostehik to take me from my 
hotel to the Mo.seow railway- 
station for half a ruble. On 
returning, as there was a 
° good deal of confusion at the 
station, and .some difficulty 
in securing a drosky, I jumped 
into the first I could get, and 
ordered the driver to take me 
to the same hotel. It was 
not long before I discovered that he was drunk, as these men 
often are, and when he got half way down the long street 
Nooski, he turned back, pretending he did not know where I 
had told him to drive to. I then took him by the shoulder.'^ 
and shook him (a perfectly allowable proceeding in Russia 
toward refractory cabmen), and made him again go on in the 
right direction. I finally appealed to a policeman, and after 
various stoppages, arrived at last at the hotel, where the 
isvoslchik drnianded two rubles, four times his riirht faro; 1 
gave him one, which he refused to take, so I left it fi>r him in 
the passage, where he remained making a terrible noise 
outside my room, and threatening to summon me before the 





7i 



Cr TJ ^ E n^ 1 1-. El IlSrSTI?>TJGTOI^. 





police, for about two hours, when getting tired, and finding 
that neither threats nor en treaties would move me, he departed. 

The German traveler Kohl gives an amusing account of 
these droskies and their drivers: "If a man stand still for 
a moment and seem to deliberate in his own mind upon 
the expediency of summoning a charioteer, the hint is quite 
sufficient, and half-a-dozen immediately come darting up to 
the spot where he stands. The bags are quickly thrown aside, 
the liarness drawn tight, and each of the rival candidates for 
his patronage shout at him, 'Where to sir?' — 'To the admir- 
ality?' 'I'll go for two rubles.' 'I for one and a half,' 
cries another, and so they go on under-bidding each other, till 
they come down rerhaps to half-a-ruble. 

"You take the cheapest, but beware lest the cheapest be 
the worst; or you must be prepared for a volley of jokes and 
banterings from the disappointed applicants. 'Ah, do but 
look, little father, how stingy j'ou are! To save a few copecks, 
you imt up with that ragged rascal for your coachman; he and 
bis three-legged nag will stick fiist before you get half away.' 
'The gray-bearded vagabond will be sure to up.set you. ' No 
one enjoys all this abuse meanwhile more than the cabman who 
has secured the fiire, who laughs in his sleeve, and jerks out 
his nifshcooss. 'Never fear, sir, we shall get on well enough. 

In winter the droskies are turned into sledges, and the 
•(.siios^c/(!'/t continues to grind the pavement as long as there is 
the least trace of snow. A covered carriage he never uses; 
cloaks and furs do the same service for th»; Russians that the 
roof of the coach does for us 

The isiostcMk often pass all the night in the streets, their 
sledge or drosky serving them at once as house and bed. 
Arraniieiuents for their convenience are made in every .street. 
Here and there mangcr.s are' erected for their use; to water 
their horses there arc in all parts of the town convenient 
descents to the canal or to the r'ver. To stop the thirs ' md 
hunger of the charioteers themselves, there are wandeiing 
rlealev^ in qua^s. tea. and bread, who constantly attend to then- 
want ^. The animals arc as hardy as their masters. Neither 
nii'u niir nags care for cold nor rain, both eat as they have the 
chance, and lioth are content to take their sleep when it comes. 
They arc idvvays cheerful, the horses ever ready to start off at 
a smart trot, the drivers at all times disposed for a song, a 
jnkc. or a gossip. ^^'hen several of them happen to be 
together, they are sure to be engaged in some game or other — 
pelting with .snow-balls, wresthng. or bantering. In winter, 
when they have to wait of a night outside the places of 
amusement, they make them.selves comfortable around the 
large fires which are kindled for their use. under covered iron 
sheds in the centers of the .squares. 

iiussian coachmen, to whatever noble family they belong, 
never wear a livery: they are always arrayed in the same long- 
blue caftan as the uvostehik. but, of course, it is of very 
su|)orior make and (piality. Indeed a Russian coachman, 
such as we see him in <iur picture, is a most imposing looking 
l)er.sijn, and has quite an ecclesiastical air. 

Profes.sor Smyth gives an excellent description of him; he 
say.?: "You see on the bus of every Russian carriage a. man of 
majestic proportions: his countenance is grandly stern and 
sedate, and ad(M-ned with the lieard of wisdom. His vestru-e 
consists of a lorn; flowing robe of dark l)lue cloth, diagonally 
f'oldin;; in front, bolted with a silk .sa.sh, in which, during 
summer, his large gloves are stuck, and covered as to his head 
with a liroad-brimmed shovel-hat, as though he were an 
Engli.sh bisho)); and when the signal is given, he merely raises 
the reins, and in-,tantly the horses start off at full speed. 



Away go the hor.ses forward, and away go the milestones in 
the opposite direction, yet no whip reveals itself, no fussy 
excitement is indulged in, you merely see the statuelike man 
holdii.g out the reins with both hands, at arm's length 
before him; and he then appears the very high priest of driving, 
benignantly extending forward to dispense the bles.sings of 
loconnDtion for thi^ good of humaijity. ' 



J^ S-HZI^ 02Sr IFIE^E 



from the '20th Ward Institute Index. 



RV J. R. HOWARD. 



rPiiE Eastern Monarch, from Bombay to London, with invalids 
L from the Sepoy rebellion, had a prosperous voyage home, 
until, going up the Channel, she came to anchor at Spithead 
on the morning of the 3rd of June, 1859. At that time I 
was on board H. M. S. sloop Falcon under sailing orders for 
Madeira. About half past one in the morning the quarter- 
master of the watch came to the first lieutenant, Mr. Strong. 
anl reported a ship on fire. Sleeping in my berth, I happened 
to hear the word "fire,'' and did not stop to think what ship 
was ou fire, but got my clothes on as fast as I could, for I 
certainl}' thought it was our ship. I aroused those who were 
near me, and ran on deck. Just then the fire-bell was rung, 
and I looked around for the fire, and made inquiries concern- 
ing it. I did not know at the time that a fine large ship had 
come to anchor but an hour before with about five hundred 
sick and wounded .soldiers on board. 

I looked out of the gangway, and there, sure enough, was a 
majestic looking vessel, with a small column of smoke a.scend- 
ing from her main hatchway. By this time all was activity on 
board our ship. Minute guns were fired to alarm the ships 
in the harbor of Portsmouth, and in the meantime our men 
worked with almost superhuman strength. The quarcer boats 
were lowered, and the dingy was thrown out of the pinnace 
by the pinnace's crew; the captain, A. J. Fitz Roy, gave orders 
to throw her out, and out she went on the starboard gun.'^. 
The pinnace went over the side quicker than I ever saw any 
other boat leave a ship before or since, for she was launched 
from the middle of the upper deck, with all her crew, num- 
bering fifteen men, and it was done in le.ss time than it takes 
me to tell yon. At the same time a number of small boats 
went alongside of the burning ship and took seveial persons 
off her, and our boats towed them to a place of safety. 

The fire, in about fifteen or twenty minutes, had obtained 
complete pos.session of th« ship. It ran alons her main deck, 
belched out of her port holes and flew up the rigging. The 
people on board were driven forward, and succeeded in gain- 
ing the boats from the bowsjirit end, and also from the spanker 
boom and the after part of the ship. 

The Falcon^ after firing her guns as a signal of distress, got 
up steam, slipped her cable and stood as near as she could to 
the burning vessel, so that our boats could convey on board as 
many as possible; in fact, we went so near that the tar on our 
rigging dripped down like rain from the heat of the wreck, 
as wreck she was by this time. 

It was a grand sight to see a majestic ship lying at anchor 
all ablaze. When the fire took possession of the upper deck 
it ran up the cordage and along the yards, wreathing in flames 
all of her sails. The hull, spars, sails and rigging all on 
fire at once made a scene of terrible grandeur, and one never 
to be'forgotten by those who beheld it. 





J" TJ "V E ITI L E i:N"STI?."CrCTOI^.. 




On board of our ship, besides those towed to a safe distance 
by our boats, were between two and three hundred souls, of 
whom twenty-five wore women, to whom I issued blankets to 
cover them, as they were almost in a state of nudity. 

I hive since been told that the greatest constorn.ition 
prevailed at Portsmouth on account of our firing minute guns, 
as the people on shore did not know of the arrival of the 
Enster/i Monarch, and thought it was our ship that was on 
fire. Thousands came down to the beach to see the burning 
ship, and those who had relatives on board were in the great- 
est distres-s through fear and anxiety for their safety. 

The night signals soon quieted the fears of the port admiral 
respecting o<ir safety, and the report soon spread among the 
anxious multitude of people assembled on South Sea Beach 
that it was not the Falcon that was on fire. Then came the 
anxious inquiries: ''What ship is it? Is she a man-of-war, or 
a merchant ship? How many poor .souls are on hoard?" 

All this time we were working with all our might to save the 
passengers and crew; and I feel thankful that we were s ■< fortu- 
nate as to save .so many, only eight pei-sons being lost. 

During the day steam ves.sels came from the harbor and 
conveyed the rescued people to Portsmouth. Those were 
taken first who were in the boats and small craft, while those 
on board our vessel were the last to be taken to t.he harbor. 

We were under orders for sea, as I have before stated, and 
when the steamer came alongside of us to take the passengers 
we had rescued from the wreck, our anchor was hove short, 
and, our steam being up already to start on our voyage, as 
soon a.s all of them were transferred to the craft alongside, we 
tripped our anchor, and, as we steamed for the English 
Channel, the other vessel was steering awa/ for Portsmouth. 
As soon as we were in motion tho.'^e bound for the harbor gave 
us three of the heartiest cheers I ever heard. You can form 
some idea of them, coming as they did from those who. in all 
probability, would either have been roasted alive or have met 
with a watery grave, but for our timely aid. Three hundred 
human beings giving vent to their gratitude in that good old 
English style — three liearty British cheers, which always will 
find an answering echo in every Anglo-Saxon breast. 



'bx:rids 



Jelly fudm old boots. — The reader may stave, but science 
smiles supreme and asserts very emphatically that a toott- 
some delicacy can be made from a delapidated foot covering. 
S(.ime time ago, .says the Scientific American, Doctor Vander 
■ Weyde regaled some friends not merely with boot jelly, but with 
shirt coff'ee, and the repast was pronounced by all partakers 
excellent. The doctor tells us that he made the jelly by first 
cleaning the boot, and subsequently boilinir it with soda, under 
a pressure of about two atmospheres. The tannic acid in the 
leather, combined with salt, made tannate of soda, and the 
gelatine ro.se to the top, whence it was removed and dried. 
From this last, with suitable flavoring material, the jelly was 
readily concocted. 

The shirt coffee incidentally mentioned above, was sweetened 
with cuff' and collar sugar, both coffee and sugar being pro- 
duced in the same way. The linen (after washing, of course) 
was treated with nitric acid, which, acting on the lignite con- 
tained in the fibre, pnidueed glucose, or grape sugar. This 
roasted, made an excellent imiUition .coffee, which an addition 
of unroasted glucose readily sweetened. 




Thkre is no courage, but in innocence; no constancy, but in 
honest cause. 



THE I'l.YCATCHER. 



^PnE interestinc- family of Flyca*"hers is eompo.sed of a larg 
I number of species, extremtly variable in size, form nn 



large 
d 



color. Til 




THE FLYCVrCIIEH, 




THE kin(;fisher. 



average dimensions of these birds are about equal 
to those a large sparrow, and many 
are smaller than that bird, although 
two or three species nearly equal 
the thrush in size. Their shape is 
always neat and elegant, and their 
Iilumagc sits closely on the body, 
in order to permit the short but 
rapid evolutions which they make 
in pursuit of their active prey. One or two, such as the Par- 
adise and Fo;-k tailed Flycatchers, are remarkable for the 
mode in whicli the tail is elongated into a graceful and elegant 
trail, and in other species the tail is bro.id and fan-like. 

THE KINGFISHER. 

The common Kingfisher is by far the most gorgeously deco 
lated of all indigenous birds of North America, and can 
bear comparison with many of the gaily decorated inhabitants 
of tropical climates. Seated upon 
a convenient bough or rail, that over- 
hangs a stream where the smaller 
fish love to pass, the Kingfisher 
waits very patiently until he sees an 
unsusiiecting minnow or stickleback 
pass below his peix-h, and then, with 
a raiiid movement, drops into the 
water and secures his prey. Should 
it be a small fish, he swallows it at 
once: but iC it should be of rather larger dimensions, he 
Carrie- it to a stnie or stump, beats it two or three times 
against the hard substance, and then s-.vallov.-s it without any 
trouble. 

THE L.VHK. 

ALTHOur.H it is by no means a familiar bird, nor does it 
seek the society of human beings, it i"; marvelously iiulifferent 
to their presence, and exhibits no discomposure at the close 

vicinity of the laborer, spring- 
ing from the ground clo^o to 
his feet, and .-iinging merrily as 
it pas.ses bj' his face. When 
pressed by danger, it has even 
been known to place itself under 
human protection. A gentle- 
man was once riding along a 
road, when a Skylark saddenly 
dropped on the jioniniel of his 
saddle, where it lay with nut- 
stretched wings, as if wounded to death. When the rider 
tried to take it up, it shifted around the horse, and finallv 
dropped between the legs of the hor.^e, where it lay cowering, 
evidently smitten with terror. On looking u)i, the rider saw 
a hawk hovering above, evidently waiting to make its stoo)i as 
soon as the Lark left her place of refuge. The Lark presently 
remounted the saddle, and, taking advantage of a moment 
when the hawk shifted its position, sprang from tlie srddleand 
.shot into the hedge, where it was sale. 

( To be Conlinned.) 




TTtE LARK. 





J- TJ ^ E nsr I Xj E iisrsTi?.TJOTOi?/ 




THE j^K.T OF ooiisrinsra-- 

BY R. J. FILCE, KAYSVILLK. 



( Continued. ) 




GAUGES were formerly made of steel, and had nicks in them 
the same shape as the letter V, with an engraved index 
down each side, the gradation beiuiE; very fine, so that the 
thinner the metal the lower down the gauge it would go. 
They were finally superseded and became a thing of the past 
in the year 1854. An improved gauge was then brought out, 
which would detect the slightest deviation in the thickness of 
the metal. It was formed thus: a convenient ivory handle, 
with a round brass index dial placed over a narrow box con- 
taining a steel spring and a single train of wheels, like the 
movement of a Geneva watch, with a blue steel index finger; 
attached to the spring were a pair of extended jaws, like a 
pair of pliers, with the ends turned in towards each other at 
right angles, with a diamond inserted in each end, to prevent 
any perceptible change in the index by the wearing of the 
points. There are many other shaped metal gauges in use, 
which are fine enough for common work. The necessity arose 
for improvement on the old style of gauge through the va^t 
improvement made in the art of metal rolling. 

It now became absolutely necessary that an improvement 
should be made in weights and scales, for up to this time 
everyone had been satisfied by dividing one grain into four, 
and workirg to a quarter of a grain, and having scales only 
sufficiently fine to turn slowly at that small weight. Seeing 
that our new gauges would act at a deviation of the six 
hundredth part of a grain, it was imperative that our smallest 
weights should be greatly reduced, which was done by dividing 
one grain into two thousand parts, and havirtg .scales under 
glass shades, to prevent the least vacillation through the 
action of the atmosphere. The weights were made of a metal 
called aluminum. This metal is almost as liiiht as cork; it was 
first introduced in the year 1855, and is made from el.ay which 
is an oxide of that metal. 

The gold, having been sufficiently rolled, is passed through 
a pair of fixed cylinders, as hard as flint and as bright as steel 
can he polished, for the purpose of remedying any little defect 
that may remain after the rolling. This is done by means of a 
draw bench and an endless chain. The cylinders are first set 
at a certain distance from each other by means of screws and 
levers. They are placed just a shade neai-er together than the 
thickness of the metal, the end of the strip of metal being 
first reduced to one half its original thickness by being placed 
in reversible rollers, so that the end may be easily admitted in 
between the fixed cylinders, a firm grip being had from the 
other side. The metal being hooked on to the revolving 
endless chain, is now drawn through, and, being completely 
level and equal in thickness from one end to the other, it is 
then conveyed into the cutting-out room. 

The cutting-out process has been carried on for many years 
by means of small presses having a piece of hardened steel 
with a hole in it the size of the blank required, and brought 
up to a sharp edge at the top of the hole. Another piece of 
steel, called a punch, firmly screwed into a square bolt, is 
forced down by means of a large apiare-threaded screw, and 
drawn uj) again by a rod connected with a vacuum pump. 
Thus the punch is forced in and out of the fixed bed, the 
metal being placed and guided by one man. The blanks are 
cut out one at a time at each pre.ss, at the rate of sixty per 

"nute. while the tools remain in good order, which is not 



generally very long at a time. The room this operation waa 
usually performed in where I was employed waa round, and 
about forty feet in diameter, having twenty men attending lo 
twenty single steam presses, and four attendants — two men 
and two boys, to wait upon them, making twenty-four in all, 
to cut out five hundred and seventy-six thousand blanks per 
day of ten hours, deducting two hours per day for repairing 
tools. 

By very recent improvements a machine is in use operated 
by one little boy, and occupying a space but two feet square, 
that will make three hundred revolutions per minute, cut out 
eleven blanks at a time, require but thirty minutes per day for 
repairing tools, and take no time to learn to attend it, thus 
cutting out one hundred and eighty-eight thou.sand one hun- 
dred blanks per day. A one-horse power engine is sufficient 
to drive the improved machine, instead of thirty-hor.se power 
as formerly required. 

But these advantages have some attendant evils, as I had 
occasion to learn. At a time of excitement, caused by great 
pressure of business, for the machinery was kept in motion 
day and night, coining forty-eight thousand tons of money for 
the king of Sardinia, to supply his newly-aequired kingdom 
with, there was an average loss of one finger per week from 
the hands of the employes, by these machines, for the space 
of six months. 

I may here mention one fact which is worthy of note, that 
is, that at the mint in Birmingham, England, under my own 
supervision, in the year 1864, was manufactured four hundred 
tons of good coin in the space of forty days, averaging ten 
■ tons per day, a feat never known before or since in the annals 
of coining. 

{To he Continued.) 



IT'S Q^XJITE TK.TJE! 



"rpHAT is a terrible afi'air!" said a hen; and she said it in a 

X quarter of the town where the occurrence had not 
happened. "That is a terrible affair in the poultry-house. 
I cannot sleep alone to-night! It is quite fortunate that there 
are many of us on the roost together!" and she told a tale, 
at which the feathers of the other birds stood on end, and 
the cock's comb fell down flat. It's quite true! 

But we will begin at the beginning; and the beginning begins 
in a poultry-house in another i<art of the town. The sun went 
down, and the fowls jumped up on their perch to roost. 
There was a hen, with white feathers and short legs, who laid 
her right number of eggs, and was a respectable hen in every 
way; as she flew up on the roost, she pecked herself with 
her beak, and a little feather fell out. 

"There it goes!" said she; "the more I peck myself the 
hand.somer I grow!" And she said it quite merrily, for she 
was a joker among the hens, though, as I have said she was 
very respectable; and then she went to sleep. 

It was dark all around, hen sat by hen, but the one 'next to 
the merry hen did not sleep; she heard and she didn't hear, 
as one should do in this world if one wi.shes to live in quiet; 
but she could not refrain from telling it to her next neighbor. 

"Did you hear what was said here just now? I name no 
names; but here is a hen that wants to peck her feathers out 
to look well. If I were a cock I should despise her. ' ' 

And just above the hens sat the owl, with her husband 
and the little owlets; the family had sharp ears, and they all 
heard every word that the neighboring hen [had spoken, and 





TTJATEISriXjEl IIsrSTK/XJGTOI?.. 



they rolled their eyes, and mother-owl clapped her wings and 
^aid. 

"Don't listen to it! But: I suppose you heard what was 
said there? I heard it with my own ears, and one must hear 
much before one's ears fall off. There is one among the fowls 
who has so completely forgotten what is becoming conduct in 
a hen that she pulls out all her feathers, and then lets the 
cock see her. ' ' 

"Prenex grade aux en/ants," ssiid the father Owl. "That's 
not fit for the children to hear." 

"I'll tell it to the neighbor owl; she's a very proper owl 
to associate with." And she flew away. 

"Hoo! hoo! to-whoo!" they both screeched in front of 
the neighbor's dovecote to the doves within. "Have you 
heard it? Have you heard it?" Hoo! hoo! there's a hen 
that has pulled out all of her feathers for the sake of the 
cock. She'll die with cold, if she's not dead already." 

"Coo! ceo! Where, where?" cried the pigeons. 

"In the neighbor's poultry-yard. I've as good as seen it 
myself It's hardly proper to repeat the story, but it's quite 
true!" 

"Believe it! beheve every single word of it!" cooed the 
pigeons, and they cooed down into their own poultry -yard. 
"There's a hen, and some say that there are two of them 
that have phicked out all their feathers, that they may not 
look like the rest, and that they may attract the cock's atten- 
tion. That's a bold game, for one may catch cold and die of 
a fever, and they are both dead." 

"Wake up! wake up!" crowed the cock, and he flew up 
on to the plank: his eyes were still very heavy with sleep, 
but j'et he crowed. "Three hens have died of an unfortunate 
attachment to a cock. They have plucked out all their 
feathers. That's a terrible story. I won't keep it to myself; 
let it travel farther." 

"Jjct it travel farther!" piped the bats; and the fowls 
clucked and the cocks crowed, "Let it go farther! let it go 
farther! ' And so the story traveled from poultry-yard to 
poultry -yard, and at last came back to the place from which it 
had gone forth. 

"Five fowls," it was told, "have plucked out all their 
feathers to show which of them have become thinnest out of 
love to the cock; and then they have pecked each other, and 
fallen down dead, to the shame and disgrace of their families, 
and to the great loss of the proiirietor. " 

And the hen that had lost the little loose feather, of course 
did not know her own story again; and as she was a very 
respectable hen, she said: 

"I despise those fowls; Init there are many of that sort. 
One ought notHo hush up such a thing, and I shall do what 
I can that the story may get into the jiaiiers. and then it will 
be spread over all the country, and that will serve those fowls 
right, and their families too. ' ' 

It was put into the newspaper; it was printed; and it's quite 
true — fJiat one little feather may swell till it becomes five 
fowls. — Selected. 



A scHOOLiiov being asked by his teacher how he should 
chastise him, replied: "If you please sir, I should like to have 
it after the Italian system of penmanship— the heavy strokes 
upwards, and the down strokes light. 




"Til?: proT'cr study of mankind is man," says Pope; but the 
pular study is how to make money out of him. 



i(|0rrcs||ontlcnce» 




Smith Fiici.D, Cache Co., 

March 2:^, 1875. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother: — Tour paper being devoted to the 
interest of Sabbath Schools and the young generally, I take pleas- 
ure in giving you a short account of a Sunday School Exhibition, 
held on the evening3 of the 21st and 22nd inst. The first evening 
was occupied in catechising the various classes, on Church History. 
Bible and New Testament History; Book of Mormon History, 
Questions and Answers now being published in the Juvbnilb 
Instructor, United Order of Zion, &c. Several of the songs of 
Zion were sung by the school. The Secretary read a report which 
showed that there were in the school ten male teachers, eleven 
female teachers, 118 male and 158 female pupils, making the total 
number of pupils 276; average attendance during the past year 
was 227; there are twenty-one classes, the books used in school 
being Book of Mormon, Bible and Testament, Doctrine and 
Covenants, Voice of Warning; Juvenile Instructor, 1st and 
2nd Readers, Primers and Charts. The school owns LW books 
which are used as class books, besides a library of 170 volumes. 
Upwards of sixty dollars have been subscribed during the year, 
part of which has been given to the school in prizes, the balance 
to be distributed in the same way as soon as suitable prizes can be 
procured. The school is in a prosperous condition, under the 
management of Wm. A. Noble and Seth Langton superintend- 
ents and Francis Sharp secretary and treasurer. The evening 
of the 22nd was devoted to singing and recitations by the scholars 
of the school, a considerable portion of the exercises being from 
your valuable paper, which I hope Avill long continue to shine, 
as a bright luminary, to guide the youth of Zion. 

Your Brother, 

Francis Sharp. 



FOR LITTLE LI:ARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON VII. 



Q. — What else did he say to him? 

A. — He said this is my beloved son, hear him. 

Q. — Did they say anything more to him? 

A.^Yes, they told him about the true gospel. 

Q. — Did Joseph ask them which of the religious societies he 
should join? 

A. — Yes. 

Q.— What did they tell him? 

A. — They told liim not to join any of them. 

Q.— Why not? 

A. — Because they were m11 wrong. 

Q. — In what were thej' wrong? 

A. — Their creeds of religion were an abomination in In- ^ight. 

Q. — What else was wrong about them? 

A. — They taugkt for doctrines the eommandments of men. 

Q.— What did the Lord say about tlieir forms of religion? 

A.— He said they had ii form of godliness but denied the power 
thereof. 

Q. — What promise did the Lord make to Joseph? 

A. — That toe true gospel should be made known to him at some 
future time. 

Q.— Was this the first time that .loseph Smith liad ii visit of 
Heavenly beings? 

A. — Yes. 

Q. — What were their names? 

A.— God the Father, and Jesus Christ his son. 

Q. — Did Joseph tell anybody what he had seen and heard? 

A.— Yes he told his father, and the rest of the family. 





7B 



J"TJ"V^S]ITILE i:]SrSTI^TJGTOI^. 





iiueni 




OEORG£ Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 




SATURDAY, APRIL 3, 1875. 

EIDITOI?.IJ^L THZOTJO-HITS. 

KEAT good can be accomplished for the 
rising generation of this Territory by or- 
ganizing societies of the right character 
under the direction of wise and zealous 
Elders in the various wards and settlements. 
We have an illustration of the good effects 
of such an organization in the case of the 
"Institute" of the 2(:ith Ward in this city. 
A few active, judicious brethren in that 
1 organized this society to which we refer. 
During the long winter evenings they have had 
weekly meetings. At first, the meetings of the 
''Institute'' excited no special interest; but few 
attended, and an indifference on the part of the 
j'oung people and others who, it was hoped, would 
take part in its proceedings, was very apparent 
Perseverance in this instance, as in so many others, 
at last, however, received its reward. The founders 
of the society were determined to accomplish the object for 
which they started; they would not allow themselves to be 
discouraged. The results have been most gratifying, a general 
interest was awakened. Young and middle aged, and even 
aged, people attended the meetings to listen to the proceedings. 
By degrees one and another were induced to take part, and to 
contribute their share to the general instruction. Such of the 
members as feel inclined, furnish papers to be read to the 
"Institute." They are written upon various subjects; some on 
scientific topics, others narrative-; of travel, others sketches of 
history, descriptions of perils and adventure which the writers 
have encountered, others essays; each one selecting his own 
topic, and treating it in his own style. Of course religion is not 
ignored. It is blended in all the exercises and in all the 
writings, the members of the Institute never, for a single 
meeting, forgetting the fact that they are Latter-day Saints. 
These iiapers, being written on writing paper of one size, are 
fastened together, and they form a manuscript volume of 
considerable merit. We have had the pleasure of publishing 
in the .Iuvenilf, IxsTpaiCToR several articles which were 
written for perusal before the ''Institute." 

One of the most gratifying features cocni^cied with this 
.society is the effect the proceedings are having upon the .young 
of both sexes. They take pleasure m the meetings, are 
punctual in attendance, the girls, especially, furnishing delight- 
ful singing, and little boys have ventured to write articles 
which have been listened to with kind approbation. At those 
meetings pains are taken to make the young people feel at 
home, to not overshadoAV them or to make them .sensible of 
how little importance thry are compared with their older 
associates. The sayina:, so frequently used under the old 
sy.stem of training, that "httle folks should be seen and not 
heard," is entirely discarded in the L'Uth Ward Institute. The 
young people are encouraged and treated with proper consider- 
ation. If there were more of this in ]irivate circles and in 
the general a.s.sociations of the people than there is, many 




young persons would not grow up so awkward and ba.shful as 
they do; but they would have more confidence and escape 
much subsequent suffering when called to act their parts in 
other spheres. 

From a printed copy of the Constitution and By-laws 
which we have before us, we learn that the "Institute" was 
organized January 20th, l.*^":), "its object being the mtelkctual, 
moral, social and religious improvement of its members." 
On the 26th of March, just passed, there were one hundred 
and twenty-five members. The formation of a library has 
been commenced for the benefit of the members; it comprises 
about sixty volumes, nearl}' all of which are valuable. The 
election of officers is held annually. Elder John Nicholson has 
been elected President of the '"Institute" since its organization, 
and efficient directors have also been chosen. 

So long as the "Institute" shall be conducted as it has been, it 
cannot fail to have the heartiest wishes for success of all true 
friends of education and progress. It will a.ssuredly aflcompli.sh 
great good, and if properly maintained, will become a strong 
and beneficent organization, the influence of which will be 
widely felt. We wish there were many more such societies in 
the Territory. 



As an illu.stration of the transmission of bad qualities from 
a parent to chOdren, the following is one of the most 
striking we have ever met. Dr. Harris of New York has 
been giving some very curious and remarkable criminal statistics 
to the public. His attention was called, some time since, to a 
county on the upper Hudson, wliich showed a remarkable 
proportion of crime and poverty to the whole population — 
ISO of its 40,000 inhabitants being in the alms house — and, 
upon looking into the records a little, he found certain names 
continually ajjpearing. Becoming interested in the .subject, 
he concluded to search the genealogies of those families, and, 
after a thorough investigation, he discovered that from a young 
girl named "Margaret" have de.?cended two hundred criminals. 
This girl was left adrift, nobody remembers how, in a vOlage 
of the county, seventy years ago, and, in the absence of an 
alms house, was left to grow up as best she could. As an 
illustration of this remarkable record, in one single generation 
of lier unhappy line there were twenty children; three of these 
died in infancy and seventeen survived to maturity, of the 
seventeen, nine served in the State prisons for high crimes 
an aggregate term of fifty years, while the others were frequent 
inmates of jails and penitentiaries and almshouses. The whole 
number of this girl's descendants, through six generations, 
is over six hundred, and besides the two hundred who are on 
record as criminals, a large number have been idiots, imbeciles, 
drunkard/-, lunatics, prostitutes and paupers! 

This statement conveys a lesi5on to all who intend to marry, 
which they should not be slow to remember and profit by. 
They should be careful about forming associations for life that 
are not of the verj' best character. There must have been 
something radically bad about this girl, "Margaret's," nature, 
as well as connected with her training, to have had .such a 
terrible effect upon her descendants. If a bad person can 
leave such an impress for evil upon her posterity, is it not 
reasonable to suppose that one possessed of good qualities and 
marked traits of character can be so fortunate as to impress 
them for good for generations'? Certainly the probabilities 
are that such a parent would do so. Therefore, how careful 
people sb.ould be in selecting partners for life. Better to have 
a humble, faithful, though poor man, of the right kind, for a 
husband than to be married to the finest looking, richest man 





crTj-VE!n^ii_,E jcnsrsTi^TJOTOi?.. 




in the world of bad qualities. Better indeed for the man of 
good qualities to have numerous wives, and to be the parent 
of a large number of children, than for a man of the other 
kind to have any. The one would be likely to leave a posterity 
that would enrich the world, while the other might leave 
those who would only, us in the ca.se of this woman "Margaret's' ' 
descendants, be a curse to the community. So, aLso, with the 
selecting of a wife. A virtuous woman of good qualities, 
associated with an honorable man, would likely leave in her 
jiosterity, a race renowned for the virtues .she herself i)ossessed; 
but in each of the children of one of the other class there 
would probably be seen u perpetuation of the evil passions to 
which she herself was a ijrey. 

To understand how careful wise men of God were in ancient 
days to have their children form the right kind of associations 
in marriage, we refer you to Abraham {.see Genesis chap, xxiv) 
and Isaac (see Genesis chap. xxvi. verses 34 and 35; also chap, 
xxvii, verse 46; also chap, xxviii) and to the law given through 
Moses to Israel (see Deuteronomy chap, vii, verses 1 to 4). 
p]sau's descendants were not blessed as were those of his 
brother Jacob, and this is doubtless due, in part at least, to 
the character of the wives of Esau. The snme may be said 
about the children of Isaac and Ishmael. And may not some, 
at least, of the diiferences between those two brothers be due 
to the different characters of their mothers'? 

One of the grandmothers of the writer, a woman of shrewd 
observation, was in the habit of impressing ujjon her .^ons in a 
plain manner the .same lesson conveyed by the examples we 
have given. Her remark was: ''My sons, if you want to pick 
a dog, (and more so a wife) be sure and .select one out of a 
good family." 



SEGOISTID-HI^lSriD F003D. 




IT has been truthfully said that one half of the world do not 
know how the other half live. We thought so in reading 
lately some sketches of life in Paris. 

In the early morning in that city curious looking, closed 
carts, with a sort of funnel in the toj) to admit air. drawn by 
scraggy-looking horses, and attended by meagre-looking men, 
are driven to the back gates of fine houses where the rich 
people of the city reside. When they drive up the servants 
of the house carry out large baskets and boxes of provisions, 
which are emptied pell-mell into the carts, without any care 
being taken to keep the various articles from mixing. These 
provisions are nothing more nor less than the remains from 
the aristocratic tables within. The choice dishes of the prince, 
the duke, the general, the amba.ssador and other distinguished 
people who live .side by side, come to this end at last. After 
the guests have dined off them up stairs, they descend to the 
kitchens. There the servants eat their fill. What is left falls 
to the cook as his "perquisite," who sells the whole in a 
jumble to the man with tlie mysterious cart. Fruit and roast 
beef, pies and cucumbers, fish and chicken, and every other 
variety of food, are mixed up in one mass, and sold in a lump 
to the men with the carts. 

Where do you think this all goes to'? In this country you 
would say to feed the hogs, the chickens or the dogs. But 
not so in France. In Paris there are thousands who must live 
cheap or not at all. If a man have but a few cents in the 
world with which to buy food, he must not be too particular 
about its flavor. 

There are markets in Paris whore this "second-hand" food 

sold. The men with the carts are in the service of the men 



who sell this food, and every morning they gather their stock 
for the day. They have a back room in some old house in an 
obscure street, to which the carts are driven to be unloaded. 
This is hired for the purpo.se of sorting the food. It would 
not answer to have this operation performed where it could be 
seen by curious and prying eyes. The public might be too 
easily disgusted, and the markets for ".second-hand" food 
might not have so good a run of custom. If the purchaser 
knew all the processes through which the food went before it 
reached his lips, it might impair its flavor to his taste; but he 
eats in happy ignorance of this, and with a relish that is 
above suspicion. 

The men who sort the contents of the carts do so with 
amazing rapidity and skill. They first pick up the best 
morsels — the tit-bits and the roasts and cutlets least damaged 
— and pare and clean them. Then they arrange them upon 
huge platters in such a style as to delude the purchaser who is 
not in the secret of their origin, that they are the parts of a 
recently-cooked morsel. It is only the presentable fragments, 
and those which are capable of innocently deceiving, that are 
exposed for sale at the stalls. By ten or eleven o'clock in the 
morning the food is sorted and ready for the customers, who 
are also ready for their breakfasts. The food sells briskly; 
indeed, the owners of the stalls are often oppressed by the 
crowd of greedy applicants for their cheap bounty. 

After the first sorting over has been finLshed, there remains 
a great, mass of mixed stuff to be disposed of Ic is surprising 
as well as amusing to observe to how many uses the morning's 
cart-load of mixed stuff is put. Those morsels and pieces — 
the broken pies and lobsters and small messes of various kinds 
— which are not salable to men and women, are now again 
neatly sorted, divided into various heaps, and put into neat- 
looking carts. These carts are wheeled b,v boys into the same 
back streets where the original mass was gathered, and their 
contents sold to the .same households to be used as the daily 
food of the pet dogs and cats. Thus, the dog finally gets "the 
crumbs which fall from his master's table," but in a round- 
about manner. First, his master's cook having sold them as 
his "perquisite;" and second, the .same shrewd individual 
having bou,sht them back again for at least triple the price 
first paid for them. But, in the second sorting, all the bones 
have been carefully separated from the rest; and these form a 
third source of profit to the.se dealers in "second-hand" food. 
There are in Paris manufacturers of meat lozenges. These 
bones are, in the first instance, sold to them. They, having 
finished their peculiar use for them, sell them to the manufac- 
turers of "animal black," used by the painters. That prob- 
ably is a\ last the end of them. 

Many of these dealers in "second-hand" food derive large 
profits from their trade, and retire in a few years with a com- 
fortable income. 

In large modern cities it is wonderful how everything is 
utilized, or brought into use. Nothing is allowed to go to 
waste. This is jjlaiu from the descrijition we have given of the 
manner of disposing of this waste food in Paris. In large 
cities in England men go about gathering up and buying bones, 
rags, scraps of iron, old bottles, old clothes; even the very 
manure dro])iicd by animals in the street wo have .seen women 
gathering up in baskets and carrying on their heads to .some 
place where they could pile it up to sell. 

In our next number we shall give another sketch of a 
method of collecting and disjjosing of .-craps of bread in 
Paris, that will probably be interesting to our juvenile 
readers. 





so 



crTjvEisri:_.E iiststi^tjotoe. 





mtntn* 



BY G. M. O. 



THE TOLTECS. 




IT is impossible to know anything to a certainty in regard to 
the people of ancient America, as all, or nearly all of the 
old books are lost or destroyed. The few annals preserved 
furnish but vague and dreamy outlines of the past. Here 
and there a faint gleam of light breaks the obscurity, only 
sufficient to show at different periods in the history a reason- 
able and passable outline. 

When Cortez subjugated Mexico the Aztecs had been in 
power more than two centuries. Extensive ruins and splendid 
monuments of art attest that a highly civilized people had, 
centuries before, occupied Anahuac. This race had not only 
peopled Mexico proper, but also Central America, and doubt- 
less South America, as traces of a like civilization are found 
in these localities. ^lost of the ancient histoiy of the Aztecs 
relates to ages previous to their time, and chiefly to their 
predecessors, the Toltecs. But, according to these writings, 
the country where the vast ruins are found was occupied at 
different periods by three distinct peoples, the Chichimecs, the 
Colhuas, and the Toltecs or Nahuas. 

Jefferies supposes the Toltecs arrived in Anahuac in the 
year 648, A. D. Baldwin, more properly, asserts that they 
came into the country about one thousand years before the 
Christian era; and it appears their .supremacy ceased and left 
the country broken up and divided into small states two or 
three centuries before the arrival of the Aztecs. 

The knowledge of astronomy and the correct measurement 
of the year known to Montezuma's people were methods 
adopted from and formerly in use among the Toltecs. "And," 
says Baldwin, '"it is not reasonable to refuse to give some 
attention to their chronology, even while doubting its value as 
a means of fixing dates and measuring historical period.s. " De 
Bourbourg says: "In the histories written in the Nahuatl 
language, the oldest certain date is nine hundred and fifty-five 
years before Christ. ' This is the oldest date in the history of 
the Toltecs which has been accurately determined; and he 
arrives at this date by the following calculation, which is 
quoted from the "Codex Chimalpopoka," one of the olde.st 
American books still preserved: "Six times 400 years, plus 
11:!," previous to the year 1558 A. P. This is given as a date 
of the division of the land by the Toltecs; that is, a division 
was made 2.513 years previous to l.O.i.S A. D., or in the year 
O.'i.") B. C. The Toltecs issued, if this date be accepted, 
more than a thousand years before the Christian era, from 
a countrj- called Huehue-Tlapalan, somewhere at a dis- 
tance to the northeast, undoubtedly the Ohio and Mississippi 
valleys. 

Sahagun learned from the old books and traditions that 
the Toltecs came from a distant north-eastern country. Ho 
mentions a company that settled near the Tampico river, and 
built a town called Panuco. De Bourbourg finds an account 
of this or another company preserved at Xilanco, an ancient 
city, situated on an island between Lake Terminos and the 
sea. This city was famous for its commerce, intelligence and 
wealth. The company came from the north-east, it is said, 
to the Tampico river. It consisted of twenty chiefs and a 
large company of jieople. Torquemada also found a record, 
which describes them as a people fine in appearance, industrious, 



orderly and intelligent; also that they worked in metals and 
were skillful artists and lapidaries. 

All the accounts say the Toltecs came at different times by 
land and sea, in small companies, and always from the north- 
east. This can only be explained by supposing they came 
from the mouth of the Mississippi river along the coast, and 
by land through Texas. But the country from which they 
came was invariably Huehue-Tlapalan. Cabrera and Torque- 
mada say the" name of the country was simply Tlapalan; but 
that they called it Huehue (old) to distinguish it from three 
other Tlapalans which they founded in their new kingdom; 
and it seems not improbable that the old Tlapalan was the 
country of our Mound Builders. 

In connection with the account of the Toltec migration 
another circumstance is mentioned: that Huehue-Tlapalan was 
invaded by the Chichimecs (meaning barbarous aboriginal tribes, 
united under one leader). Baldwin gives a statement, a Httle 
condensed, of this transaction: "There was a terrible struggle, 
but, after about thirteen years, the Toltecs, no longer able to 
resist successfully, were obliged to abandon their country to 
escape complete subjugation.!! [Two chiefs guided the march 
of the emigrating nation. At length they reached a region 
near the sea, named Tlapalan-Conco, where they remained 
several years. But they finally undertook another migration, 
and reached Mexico, where they built a town called Tollan- 
zinco, and, later, the city of Tallan, which became the seal of 
their government." This Chicimec invasion is placed at a 
period in the chronology of the old native books long previous 
to the Christian era. 

According to the manuscript of Don Juan Torres, grandson 
of the last king of the Quiches, the Toltecs descended from 
the house of Israel, who were released by Moses from the 
tjTanny of Pharaoh. This story runs as follows: 

After they had fallen into idolatry, to avoid the reproofs of 
man, they separated from him (Moses), and, under the 
guidance of Tanub, passed from one continent to the other, 
landing at a place called the "Seven Caverns," a part of the 
kingdom of Mexico, where they founded the city of Tula. 
From Tanub sprang the kings of Quiche and the first monarehs 
of the Toltecs. 

The Toltecs were the most celebrated nation of Anahuac; 
they always lived in a social manner, collected into cities under 
government of regular laws. Their superior civilization and 
skill in the arts were adopted by all the civilized nations of 
Mexico. They were not very warlike, preferring the civiliza- 
tion of the arts to the exercise of arms. If not the inventors, 
they were at least the reformers of the admirable system of the 
arrangement of time, which was adopted by the nations of 
Mexico. Boturini gleaned from their ancient histories that 
during the reign of one of their kings, Ixtlalcuechahuac, a 
celebrated astronomer named Huematzin, by the king's con- 
sent, assembled all the wise men of the nation, and with them 
painted that famous book called [.Teoamoxtli, or Divine Book, 
in which were represented, in plain figures, the origin of the 
Indians, their dispersion after the flood and confusion of 
tongues at Babel, their journey in Asia, their first settlement 
in America, the founding of their kingdom — as well as its 
progress to that time; also a description of the calendar, their 
mythology and mysteries of their religion, moral philosophy, 
in fact, all that appertained to -their history, religion and 
manners. 

The same author says that the eclipse of the sun, which 
happened at the death of our Savior, was marked in their 
paintings in the year 7. Tochtli, and that some learned Span 





JITVEn^ILE! XJST&TT^UaTGT^ 



81 




iards have compared their chronology with ours, and have 
found that they reckoned from the creation to the birth of 
Christ 5199 years, which corresponds with the Eoman calendar. 

Clavigero says: "Upon reading Boturini, I set ahout com- 
paring the Toltecan years with ours, and I found the thirty- 
fourth year of Christ, or the thirtieth of our era, to be the 
7. TochtU." 

Their religion was idolatrous, and they appear to have been 
the authors of the greater part of the mythology of the 
Aztecs; but they never practiced those barbarous and bloody 
sacrifices which became afterwards so common among the 
other nations. 

Sometime about the year 1052 A. D., the Toltecan monarchy 
concluded. Previous to this, direful calamities happened to 
them: for several years heaven denied them rain, the earth, 
the fniits and the air were filled with mortal contagion, and 
consequently the greater part of the nation perished. The 
wretched remains sought relief to their misfortunes by scatter- 
ing themselves over the territory south and north of their 
kingdom. After the destruction of the Toltecs, for nearly a 
century, the land remained solitary and almost entirely deserted. 
(To he Continued J 



THioivi^s Toi=s:.i^nyn. 




THOMAS ToPHAM, bom in London about 1710, and brought 
up to the trade of a carpenter, though by no means remark- 
able in size or outward appearance, was endowed by nature 
with extraordinary muscular powers and for several years 
exhibited wonderful feats of strength in London and the 
provinces. The most authentic account of his performances 
was written by the celebrated William Hutton, who witnessed 
them at Derby. "We learned,' says Mr. Hutton, "that Thomas 
Topham, a man who kept a public house at Islington, per- 
formed surprising feats of strength, such as breaking a broom- 
stick of the largest size by striking it against his bare arm, 
lifting three hogsheads of water, heaving a horse over a turn- 
pike-gate, carrying the beam of a house like a soldier does 
his firelock, and others of a similar description." However 
belief might at first be staggered, all doubt was removed when 
this second Samson came to Derby, as a performer in public. 

The regular performances of this wonde;ful per.<!on, in 
whom was united the strength of twelve ordinary men were 
such as the following: Rolling up a pewter dish, seven pounds 
in weight, as a man would roll up a sheet of paper; holding a 
pewter quart at arm's length, and squeezing the sides together 
like an egg-shell; lifting two hundredweights on his little 
finger, and moving them gently over his head. The bodies 
he touched seemed to have lost the quality of gravitation. 
He broke a rope that could sustain twenty hundred-weight. 
He lifted an oaken table, six feet in length with his teeth, 
though half a hundred-weight was hung on the opposite 
extremity. Weakness and feeling seemed to have left him 
altogether. He smashed a cocoa-nut by striking it against his 
own ear; he struck a bar of iron, one inch in diameter, against 
his naked arm, and at one blow bent it into a semicircle. 

"Though of a pacific temper," says Mr, Hutton, "and with 
the appearance of a gentleman, yet he was liable to the insults 
of the rude. The hostler at the Virgin's Inn, where he resided, 
haviog given him some cause of displeasure, he took one of 
the kitchen spits from off" the mantel-piece, and bent it round 
the hostler's neck like a handkerchief; where it excited the 
laughter of the company, till he condescended to untie it. 



This remarkable man's fortitude of mind was by no means 
equal to his strength of body. Like his ancient prototypes 
he was not exempt from the wiles of a Delilah, which 
brought him to a miserable and untimely end — August 10, 1 749. 



OOItA.L. 



( Continued. 



THERE is much that is suggestive of thought to the observer 
of nature in the structure of these corals and their appli- 
cation in effe sting changes in the form of the earth. The 
coral-bearing area of the Pacific ocean is said to be twelve 
million square miles in extent; a space nearly as large as that 
of the continent of Africa, or of America and Europe. Then 
we have abundant evidence of the formidable area of coral 
operations in the earlier period of world-forming, as seen in 
the vast deposits of limestones, almost entirely formed by 
ancient corals. And all this work is brought about by organ- 
isms of a very low type, that differ very slightly from the 
most primitive types. As to the reef-building species of 
polyps, they so nearly resemble vegetables in their form of 
growth, that f<^^ a long time they were not suspected to be 

animals. They increase 
by a process of budding. 
Dana says: 

' 'The bud commences as 
a slight prominence on the 
side of the parent. The 
prominence enlarges, a 
mouth opens, a circle of 
tentacles crows out around 
it, and increase continues 
until the young finally 
equal the parent in size. 
Since in these species of 
corals the young do not 
separate from the parent, 
this budding produces a 
coitAL OF COMMERCE. compound group. " 

From this it is easy to understand that while the polyps 
exist as separate individuals, they are closely connected by 
coralline substance and the living tissues. After a time the 
masses of coral matter below have no living creatures in them; 
they become dead or de.-^erted, the living matter being on the 
surface. The interstices gradually get filled in with particles 
of lime, precipitated t'l om the water, and other earthy material 
held in suspension by the ocean. In some places sand and 
sediment thrown down actually interferes with the growth of 
the colony (jf jjolyps; they are killed and the reef becomes 
barren. This is one reason why the coral island or "Atoll " is 
frequently a mere reef instead of a level surface; perhaps 
crescent shaped with an opening through which ships can sail 
into it; or a complete circle in the center of which is a lagoon 
shut off' from the ocean. 

In this article it will be inipos.sible to name all that is curious 
about the tiny architect that hasdone somuch in world building, 
the limestones of our (piarries and of most of our canyons 
abound in evidences of the former existanee of corals in immense 
multitudes, as the entire mass iscomjiosedof different varieties 
of the.-^e |iolyparies, or dwellings of the ancient jiolyps. 




If you would have a thing kejit secret, never tell it to any 
one; and if yim would not have a thing known of you, never do 





82 



./U^s7^E:tTII-.El II^STI?.UOTOI^. 




iiesti0n^ anil S^nsjiter^ 



03Sr THIE BIBLE. 



BOOK OF RUTH. 




LTCSSON LXXXV. 

Q. — How long did Kuth continue to glean? 

A. — "Unto the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest.' 

Q. — With whom did she dwell during this time? 

A. — Her mother-in-law. 

Q.— After a while, whom did Boaz call before ten of the elders 
of tne cit.v? 

A. — A nearer kinsman of Naomi's than himself. 

Q. — For what purpose? 

A.— To see whether he would redeem the land of Elimelech 
according to the law of Israel 

Q. — What replj' did this kinsman make? 

A. — "I cannot redeem it for myself, lest 1 mar mine own inherit- 
ance: redeem thou my right to thyself; for I cannot redeem it." 

Q. — What was the manner in Israel to confirm all things in 
redeeming and changing? 

A.— ''A man plucked off his shoe and gave it to his neighbor; 
and this was a testimony in Israel. 

Q. — What further answer did the kinsman make unto Boaz'' 

A. — "Buy it for thee. So he drew off his shoe.'' 

Q. — What then did Boaz say to the elders and unto the people? 

A.— "Ye are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was 
Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion'.s and Mahloi.'-. of the hand 
of Naomi." 

Q.— What else did he say? 

A. — "Moreover Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of Mahlon, have 
I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon 
his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut oft' from 
among his brethren." 

Q. — What did the people and the elders saj'? 

A.— "We are witnesses. The Lord make the woman that is 
come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah, which two did 
build the house of Israel." 

Q.— What did the women say to Naomi'' 

A. — "Blessed be the Lord, which hath not left thee this day 
without a kinsman that his name maj' be famous in Israel." 

W. — What was the name of the son born unto Boaz and Ruth? 

A.— ((bed. 

t^— Who was Obed the father of? 

A.— Jesse, the father of David. 

FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 

Q. — What was the name of a certain man of Mount Ephraim? 

A.— Elkanah. 

Q. — How many wives did he have? 

A.— Two. 

y. — What were their names? 

A. — Hannah and Peninnah. 

y.— AVhich of t.iem had no children? 

A. — Hannah. 

Q.— How often did Elkanah go up out of the city to worship 
and sacrifice unto the Lord of hosts? 

A. — Yearly. 

y.— At what place? 

A.— In Shiloh. 

Q. — Who were the priests who were there? 

A. — The two sons of Eli. 

Q. — What were their names? 

A. — Hophni and Phinehas. 

Q.— Who was Eli? 

A. — A prophet of the Lord. 

Q-— "When Hannah went U|i to worship what vow did she make 
unto the Lord.' 

A.— That if he would give her a son, she would give him unto 

e Lord all the days of his life 



03Sr THE 

BOOi^ OE 2yc o B. 3s^ o nsr . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXV. 

Q. — What were the feelings of those Nephites who would not 
obey the commandments of the Lord? 

A. — They desired to kill their more righteous brethren. 

Q. — What office did many of these di.ssenters hold? 

A. — That of lower judge. 

Q. — Who was their leader? 

A. — Amalickiah. 

Q. — What did they desire of Amalickiah.' 

A. — They wanted him for a king. 

Q. — What did they expect if he should get that oifice? 

A. — Thej' hoped to get higher offices. 

Q. — When Moroni heard of this how did he feel? 

A. — He was very angry with Amalickiah. 

y.— What did he do? 

A. — He tore his coat, and took a piece of it and wrote upon it. 

Q.- What did he do with it? 

A. — He fastened it upon a pole and put on his armor. 

Q.— What did he ask the Lord for? 

A. — He prayed for the blessings of liberty to be preserved to 
his brethren and their families. 

Q. — After praying to the Lord, what did Moroni do? 

A. — He went forth in the land, showing the writing on the 
piece of coat, and called upon the people to come forth and 
enter a covenant to protect their freedom and rights. 

Q. — What was the result of this action on tJie part of 
Moroni? 

A. — The people came from all sides, arrayed in armor. 

0.— What token did they give? 

A. — They rent their clothes. 

Q.- -What were the followers of Amalickiah called? 

A. — Amalickiah ites. 

Q. — When Amalickiah saw that his followers were less in 
number than those who remamed true, what did he do? 

A. — He took all his people who would go and departed into 
the land of Nephi. 

Q. — When Moroni saw that Amalickiah would stir up the 
Lamanites to anger against the Nephites what did he do? 

A. — He took an army and marched out to prevent Amalickiah 
from reaching the land of Nephi. 

Q. — Did he succeed in his plan? 

A. — Yes; and Amalickiah and a small number fl»d; the rest 
were taken prisoners. 

Q. — How were those treated who entered into a covenant to 
E«aintain their freedom? 

A. — They were liberated. 

Q. — What was done to those who would not do this? 

A.— They were put to death. 

Q.— Were there many who denied the covenant of freedom? 

A. — There were only a few. 

Q. — When this rebellion or civil war was ended what course 
did Moroni take? 

A. — He caused the standard of liberty to be hoisted upon every 
tower in the land. 

Q. — What followed this vigorous maintenance of the govern- 
ment by Moroni; were the people loyal? 

A. — Yes, and peace prevailed. 

Q. — For how long? 

A. — For four years, or until nearlj- the end of the nineteenth 
year of the reign of the judges. 

Q. — What diseases, are we told, were very frequent in the land 
which the Nephites occupied? 
. A. — Fevers. 





CTTJ VICn^IILjE ID^STI^TJOTOI^ 



63 




j^. sooTTiss: Ti?.^iDiTio::sr- 



GRIZEL COCHRANE. 



( Continued. ) 




Sir John had no sooner, however, expressed his feelings on 
this subject, than liis daughter became sensible that, in order 
to ])alliate his uiisery, she must put a strong curb upon her 
own, and in a short time was cahii enough to enter into con- 
versation with her father upon the dismal subject of his present 
situation, and to deliver a message from the old earl, her 
grandfather, by which he was infoi'med that an appeal had 
been made from him to the king, and means taken to pro- 
pitiate Father Peters, his majesty's confessor, who, it was 
well known, often dictated to him matters of state. It 
appeared evident, however, by the turn which their discourse 
presently took, that neither father nor daughter was at all 
sanguine in their hopes from this negotiation. The Earl of 
Argyll had been executed but a few days before, as had ah o 
several of his principal adherents, though men of less conse- 
quence than Sir John Cochrane; and it was therefore improb- 
able that he, who had been so conspicuously active in the 
insurrection, should be allowed to escape the punishment 
which his enemies had now in their power to inflict. Besides 
all this, the treaty to be entered into with Father Peters would 
require some time to adjust, and meanwhile the arrival of the 
warrant for execution must ever}^ day be looked for. 

TTnder these circumstances, several days passed, each of 
which found Miss Grizel Cochrane an inmate of her father's 
prison for as many hours as she was jiermitted. During these 
interviews of the father and daughter, while heart clung unto 
heart, they reaped all the consolation which an undisguised 
knowledge of the piety and courage of each could bestow. 
Still, after such intercourse, the parting scene which they 
anticipated seemed more and more dreadful to think of; and as 
the daughter looked on the pale face and dejected countenance 
of her parent, her bosom was penetrated with the .sharpest 
pangs. The love of her father might be termed a component 
part of her nature. She had cherished this filial love ever 
since she possessed a consciousness of thought, and it was 
now strong and absorbing, in proportion to the danger in 
which he stood. Grizel Cochrane was only at that period 
eighteen years old; but it is the effect of such perilous times 
as those in which she lived to sober the reckless spirit of 
youth, and make men and women of children. She had, 
however, a natural strength of character, that would on all 
extraordinary occasions have displayed itself without such a 
tuition, and which, being now joined with what she conceived 
the necessity of the case, rendered her capable of a deed 
which has caused her history to vie with that of the most 
diitinguished of heroines. 

Ever since her father's condemnation, her daily and nightly 
thoughts had dwelt on the fear of her grandfather's commu- 
nication with the king's confe.ssor being rendered unavailable, 
for want of the time necessary for enabling the friends in 
London, to whom it was trusted, to make their application, 
and .she boldly determined to execute a plan wherebj- the 
arrival of the death-warrant would be retarded. A short time, 
therefore, before it was expected by the council in Edinburg, 
she thought it necessary, in her visit to her father, to mention 
that some urgent affair would prevent her from seeing him 

ain for a few days. Ala.med at this, and penetrating her 



design of effecting something in his favor, he warned her 
against attempting impossibilities. 

"Nothing is impossible to a determined mind," said she, 
"and fear nothing for me." 

"But the inexperience of youth, my child," he replied, "may 
involve you in danger and in blame; and did you but know the 
characters of those you must encounter, while vain'y jileading 
for your father's life, you would fear, as I do, the sullying of 
your fair fame." 

"lam a Cochrane, my father." said the heroic girl — an 
answer how brief, but to him how expressive! He could say 
no more: he beheld in his child, so young, ao beautifi.il, and so 
self-devoted, all the virtues of her race combined; and he felt 
for the moment that the courage she had prayed for would be 
granted, to cany her through the undertaking she meditated, 
whatever that might be. She felt grateful to her father that 
he did not urge her further; but she trembled as the turned, 
at her departure, to catch another look of those loved and 
venerated features, for his eye appeared to be following her 
with a parting expres.sion, which seemed to say it was the last 
fond look. 

At that time, horses were used as a mode of conveyance so 
nuich more than carriages, that almost every gentlewoman had 
her own steed; and Miss (Cochrane, being a skillful rider, was 
possessed of a well-managed palfrey, on whose speed and other 
good qualities she had been accustomed to depend. On the 
morning after she had bid her father farewell, long ere the 
inhabitants of Edinburg were astir, she found herself many 
miles on the road (o the Borders. She had taken care to 
attire herself in a manner which corresponded with the design 
of passing herself off for a young serving-woman journeying 
on a borrowed horse to the house of her mother, in a distant 
part of the country; and by only resting at solitary cottages, 
where she gen rally found the famdy out at work, save perhaps 
an old woman or some children, she had the good-fortune, on 
the .second day after leaving Edinburg, to reach in safety the 
abode of her old nurse, who lived on the English side of the 
Tweed, four miles beyond the town of Berwick. In this 
woman she knew she could place implicit confidence, and to 
her, therefore, she revealed her secret. She had resolved, 
she said, to make an attempt to save her father's life, by 
stopping the postman, an equestrian like herself and forcing 
him to deliver up his bags, in which she expected to find the 
fatal warrant. Singular as such a determination may aijpear 
in a delicate young woman, esi)ecially if we consider that she 
was aware of the arms always carried by the man to whose 
charge the mail was committed, it is nevertheless an undoubted 
fact that such was her resolve. In inirsuauce of this design, 
she had brought with her a brace of small pistols, together 
with a horseman's cloak, tied u]) in a bundle, and hung on the 
crutch of her saddle: and now borrowed from her nurse the 
attire of her foster-brother, which, as he was a slight-made lad, 
fitted her reasonably well. 

( To he Confatued. ) 



Genu's. — Alexander Hamilton once said to an intimate 
fric^ud; "Men give me some credit for genius. All the genius 
I have is just this — when I have a subject on hand I study it 
profoundly. Day and night it is before mo. I explore it in 
all its bearings. My mind beciunes prevaded with it. Then 
the effort which I make is what the pei)])le call the fruit o;' 
genius. It is the fruit of labor and tiiought." 





34= 



J" XJ ^ E Isr I I-i E IltTSTI^/TJGTOI?/. 




h: o im: E s I o ic 3sr E s s 




''ttomesickness" has a powerful effect upon some natures. 

11 It is generally thought to be a sentiment which soon 
passes away; but the writer knows by experience that it is not 
always a transient feeling, as he has suffered dreadfully from it 
upon many occasions, and during his first lengthy absence 
from home the intervals were brief for one year that he did 
not experience "homesickness." Frequently it fliJes away 
under the influence of novel scenes and new acquaintances; 
but this is not always the case. Persons who live in cities, 
who are accustomed to mix in society, to witness changing 
scenes and faces, do not generally suflFer from "homesickness" 
as those do who live in the country and who have been in 
contact with nature more than with man. Soldiers who have 
joined the army from cities, and who have been sent on long 
compaigns, have not suffered from "homesickness" to the 
same extent as recruits from country places. The same 
difference has been obser\'ed in sailors— those from the country 
being more and longer "homesick" than those from cities. 

It has been noticed that people who have lived in countries 
where the scenery is grand and striking suffer more when they 
go to other lands from this sickness than those who have been 
brought up where the scenery is tame. The Swiss and the 
Highlanders of Scotland are examples of this kind. Even 
the Laplanders and the Esquimaux, gloomy and forbidding as 
the surroundings of their native lands are, when taken to 
other countries pine for their unlovely and uncomfortable huts, 
the broad expanse of snow and ice, the grand and terrible 
glaciers, which form their country, and their reindeer and 
tractable dogs. An illustration of the overpowering nature of 
this yearning for home is the case of a company of Greenlanders 
who were carried to Denmark to exhibit. 

Greenland is a most forbidding and dreary land to reside in, 
and its inhabitants, we would imagine, would be glad to stay 
away from it if they could get to any other land, like Denmark 
for instance. But it is said of this company that, though 
kindly treated, well-fed and amu.sed, day after day, they 
would wander to the sea-shore, and there, sitting silent, and 
brooding on the sands, would strain their eyes, dim with tears, 
in a vain hope to descry afar off across the waters the bleak 
and sterile shore of their loved home. At length, rendered 
utterly miserable by their longings, they took advantage of an 
opportunity when they were not observed, and launched their 
little canoes and set forth on their impossible voj^age. They 
chose to brave certain death rather than remain longer in exile 
from the home which they loved so dearly. 

Those who have lived in these mountains for any length of 
time, or who were born here, and have had occasion to go to 
the States or to some foreign land for a year or longer can form 
some idea of the feelings of those Greenlanders. These 
mountains and valleys are very attractive, and those who 
reside in them become greatly attached to them, so much so 
that, as a general thing, they cannot leave them without suffering 
from "homesickness." The writer has had occasion to leave 
them frequently on missions of various kinds; but he never 
thought of them while absent without yearning for a sight of 
them, and his feelings upon returning and catching a glimpse 
of the dull and tame plains has always been one of great 
delight. 

"Homesiokne.ss" is frequently a cause of desertions of 
soldiers. It is said that the French are more subject to this 
sickness than the Americans or the English. During the 
•ampaigns of the First Napoleon the French army of the 



Rhine lost hundreds and thousands of men by desertions from 
that cause alone. To guard against such results, we under- 
stand, it has been found necessary in the French army to give 
orders that any con.script suffering under a marked and serious 
attack of maladie dupays (or as we would say, ' 'homesickness' ' ) 
shall be returned to his home for cure. The reason that con- 
scripts are likely to feel stronglj' their absence from home is, 
they are drawn by lot, and compelled to serve as soldiers and 
sailors. 

Among sailors "homesickness" is sometimes not confined to 
individual cases. It has been known to spread among a crew 
of men like cholera or the plague, and with equal rapidity and 
violence. The men would become utterly di.sheartened, sink 
into inaction, or refuse to obey orders and become mutinous. 
There have been cases known of this sickness assuming an 
epidemic form among the slaves in the West India Lslands. 
Numbers of these poor wretches, in their despair, have hung 
themselves to the branches of trees surrounding the plantations 
where they labored. 

In Switzerland the herdsmen perform upon the Alphorn a 
variety of simple and touching melodies. They are known 
under the general name of "Hanz des Vaches." In former 
years numbers of the Swiss were enrolled in the French army. 
When the bands played that tune the effect upon the Swiss 
conscripts was painfully severe. They would burst into tears, 
cast themselves upon the ground, and give way to uncontroll- 
able grief. The tune brought vividly to mind the home 
scenes, and thej' could not resist its influence. It was, there- 
fore, deemed necessary to forbid the playing of that tune by 
the bands of the French army. 

The scientific name for this sickness is nostalgia. 



The Puzzle published in No. 5 may be solved by the use of 
the vowel "E," which, by being inserted between the conso- 
nants given, will form the following couplet: 
"Persevere ye perfect men; 
Ever keep these precepts ten." 

We have received correct solutions from Eliza Howard^ 
Deweyville; Frank R. Snow, St. George; R. J. Filce, Kays- 
ville; Wm. T. Birks, Bellevue; Sina Nielson, Annie Feather- 
stone, American Fork; J. M. Ballinger, Pleasant Grove; EHen 
E. Culmer, Kate A. Miller, Salt Lake City. 



Grinding the Handsaw. — ^Have you ground all the tools 
right, as I told you this morning when I went away?' ' said a 
carpenter to a rather green lad whom he had taken for an 
apprentice. "All but the handsaw, sir!" replied the lad 
promptly: "I couldn't get all the gaps out of that." 

JTJ^VEISriXjE liTSTI^TJCTOE. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVEKY OTHER SATURBAY. 



OEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUSLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

J»"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be direoted, 
Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




