
THE native inhabitants of Greenland and of tlie most 
northern portions of this continent are called Esqui- 
maux ; the race being found all along the shores of the 
Northern Ocean. 



feet nine inches in height, is regarded by them, as a being 
of gigantic size, almost as we should look upon a man in 
this country, who measures seven feet "in his boots." 
Their bodies are however thick, their faces round and 




Like the plants and shrubs that grow in this very cold I flat, their cheekbones high, but with full and plump 
region, the Esquimaux are dwarfish in size. A man five I cheeks. They are generally well shaped, their hands and .^ 



13S 



J- TJ ^ E IsT I L El IlTSTie/TJaTOI^ 



tf 



t 



feet are small, they liave a good humored expression on 
their faces, but none of us would call them very beautiful. 
They dress in the skins of the seal and rein deer, with the 
hair turned towards their bodies, which is much the warm- 
est way of wearing them. Their boots are the most re- 
markable things about their clothes, being very large, 
answering for pockets in which to stow away anything 
they lay their hands upon ; for the Esquimaux has the 
unfortunate character of being a big thief They will steal 
the most useless things, simply for the sake of stealing, 
but are very peaceful, kind hearted, and aft'ectiouate to 
their children. 

Living in such a cold climate much labor is needed to 
secure their food. For nine months the ground is locked 
in frost, producing neither root nor herb capable of being 
used as the "staff of life." Moreover the Esquimaux are 
wasteful, when they have plenty they rapidly devour it 
and then have to go without. Yet the experience of these 
seasons of hunger does not seem to profit them, they are 
of such a happy disposition, that their wants are no 
sooner supplied than they forget all their past privations. 
Hunting and fishing are their means of obtaining food, and 
their time is spent in pursuing, by land or sea, the wild 
animals by which these are inhabited. 

During the summer, the deer is chased with the gun or 
the bow and arrow, and their flesh and skin are highly 
prized. But for the greater part of the year, the Esqui- 
maux must seek food in the waters, from the seal, the 
walrus, and sometimes the whale. Here we have a pic- 
ture of one in his Kaijak or canoe in search for the seal or 
walrus. The top you will notice is covered in, most like- 
ly with seal skin, in the middle is a round opening where 
the man sits down, and propels himself through the icy 
waters by means of an oar, whieh is furnished with a 
broad blade at each end. The Kiajak is generally about 
sixteen feet long and two feet wide in the centre, and 
about one foot deep. The bottom is rounded and has no 
keel. The frame is kept stretched above by twenty-two 
little beams and three battens, running from stem to stern, 
to which is fastened a hoop of bone, toward the centre, of 
Bufllcient size to admit the body of the sailor. Over this 
framework the seal or walrus skin is stretched, and when 
finished it very much resembles what we would imagine 
a raw-hide boat would look like. The boat weighs about 
sixty pounds and is so built that it can be carried on the 
head without the aid of the hands. The Esquimaux 
prides himself on the beauty and speed of his Kiajak and 
with this slender vessel he skims over the billows like a 
sea bird, and without much dread of the storm. 

The hunter or fisher, which-ever you choose to term 
him, attacks his prey with a dart or harpoon, to which 
he has sometimes a long line attached. The capture 
of a whale is the greatest and rarest of their conquests on 
the deep. At such times a large body of men gather, 
armed with all sorts of weapons. The whale, when 
struck, plunges under the water ; but being obliged to rise 
for air, a fresh attack is made upon him with their lances, 
until, exhausted by fatigue and loss of blood, he falls into 
their hands. Then there is a big feast, all the cooking 
vessels in the village are put on the fire, and the creature 
is soon boiling in a hundred difiercnt pots. The cooking 
being finished, the flesh Is cut into slices, and the eating 
begins, somewhat after this manner. One of the company 
tiikes a large piece out of the cooking vessel, and bites ofl' 
a piece as large as his mouth will hold, then hands it to 
his neighbor, who follows, suite and passes the dainty to a 
third, and so on till the whole is devoured. An Esqui- 
maux can eat an immense amount, it seems as though his 
stomach was never quite full. One has been known to 
swallow in twenty-four hourg, ten pounds and a quarter 



of solid food, more than a pint of strong soup and nine 
pints of water. 

Besides the frail bark, the Kaijak, the Esquimaux 
build larger boats for the conveyance of their families and 
goods from shore to shore. Both kinds however are made 
of the same materials, consisting of a light frame work of 
wood or bone, which is covered with seal skins. 

There is one lesson all of us can learn from the happy, 
contented Esquimaux, it is to make the best of our lives. 
If he, in the midst of the icebergs and frozen seas of his 
native land, living in houses made of snow, reared in a 
country almost entirely destitute of wood and rock, and 
what we think are the necessities of life, if he can be 
happy and jovial, how much more should we be thankful, 
and rejoice that our homes arC in the midst of a land more 
favored of the Lord, where the soil is rich in the precious 
things of the earth, and brings forth in its abundance for 
the food of man. But much more should we be grateful 
as Latter-day Saints, that we are being rearad in the 
midst of the people of God, in a land where His Prophets 
dwell, and where His holy word is daily proclaimed to 
the people. The Esquimaux have not been taught the 
gospel of life and salvation, but are full of superstitions 
and vain ideas, and are very ignorant. 

G. R. 



THE irOTJlSTG- L^IDIES' 
GOTjJJls/LlSr. 



Resohitlons of the Uth Wurd Young Ladies' Dcparlment, 
oj the Ladles' Co-operative Retrenchment Association: 

Ecsolved—Thai we, the daughters of Zion, residents of 
the ICth Ward, Salt Lake City, realizing in a measure, 
the sacred duties devolving upon us in the gospel, and the 
great responsibilities that rest upon us as present and 
future wives and mothers in Israel, and also the greatness 
and worth of the glorious cause which we have, of our 
own choice, most cheerfully and solemnly espoused, do 
agree and covenant that we will not be one whit behind 
our sisters, according to our abilities, in carrying out 
practically, all just and righteous principles. 

Resolved —Thai we will, by the aid of the Holy Spirit, 
not only profess, but live the gospel, and seek diligently 
that wisdom and discernment by which we shall rightly 
judge between the vain and foolish fashions and mea- 
sures of a heartless and corrupt world, and the neat, sim- 
ple and befitting apparel, and the modest, chaste and pru- 
dent conduct of a Saint. 

Resolved— -ThsX we will be guided by the Holy Priesthood 
— hearken to the voice of experience, wisdom and revela- 
tion — associate with the pure, the virtuous and good — shun 
evil society and communications, and the glitter and 
tinsel of hollow fashions, forms and hearts — that we will 
not neglect our prayers ; and, that we will ever bear in 
remembrance that "pure and uiidefiled religion before 
God and the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and the 
widows in their alTiiction, and to keej) ourselves unspotted 
from the world." 

Mrs. Julina L. Smitu, President. 



Mrs. Sarah E. Smith, 
Mrs. Mary J. T. Tayi^or, 
Miss Mary A. Riser, 
Miss M. A. Wineoar, 
Miss Elizabeth M. Yates, 
Miss Efpa L. Minkler, 
Mrs. Caddie McKean, 



Counselors. 



Secretary. 



f3^- 




1^ 



T« 



CT TJ "V E I<r I L E IIDTSTI^/TJOTOI?/. 



'^^^tm^i 



139 



^ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



OOE.-A.31iS - LI^yCESTOnSTE. 



A LL limestones do not contain the remains of coralines 
•^ and shells, limestone near this city contains both. 
The City Creek limestone, above the saw mills, has no 
traces of fossils, so far as is known at present. But it is 
possible for every trace of organic structure to be obliter- 
ated in the various changes to which the older rocks have 
been and still are subjected. It would be very interesting 
should these rocks spoken of be found to contain fossils; 
the finders of such should be careful to preserve them by 
sending them to the Museum. 

There is a marble found at Provo valley that is very 
beautiful; when polished small round marks are seen; 
these are the rings formed by crinoids, or sea-lilies, as they 
are sometimes called. In the marble spoken of the struc- 
ture of the tissues has perished, probably by the action of 
heat. Marbles sometimes are completely changed in 
structure by this means, some become very friable, some 
very hard, some become crystaline, such is the statuary 
marble, much resembling lump sugar iu appearance. 

All limestones are not however fit to use as marble, 
although chemically speaking there is little diflference 
between them. This is also true of shells, they are formed 
of carbonate of lime. This is why limestone contains so 
much of that substance, the corals, crinoids, sea-urchins, 
and a multitude of other creatures lived upon carbonate 
of lime, built their houses of that substance, and, when 
they died their remains helped to build up our limestones. 

So abundant are the remains, and so great the variety 
of life in some limestones, that they are supposed to be 
old coral reefs, such as are now being formed in our seas. 
The chalk formation of Europe, however, is entirely made 
up of sea-shells, most of them as small as a grain of sand, 
so that it is not really necessary for the coral-polyp to do 
all the work of forming limestones. But chalk is some- 
times made of coral, it is so in the Pacific ocean. Now, 
the waves of tlie sea break up the coral into very minute 
fragments, which are deposited, and afterwards consoli- 
dated by heat from an adjacent volcano. This was not 
the case in the formation of the chalk of Europe, that is 
formed of shells, which, although so small as stated, are 
composed of air-cells, instead of being solid as sand is. 

The corals are said to commence their operations in 
water that is not very deep, and they work upward until 
they reach the surface. A few varieties can live out of 
water during the ebb and flow of tide. But the carbonate 
of lime contained in the water is necessary to their exis- 
tence as living beings. The consequence is, that eventu- 
ally they die, and the work of building devolves upon 
others. It takes many ages to form islands such as are 
found in the South Pacific; and many rocks could be 
named that were formed in the past ages that took ages to 
form. They were at one time as truly coral reefs as the 
present reefs are. The corals are sometimes standing in 
the precise position jthey had when growing; others are 
lying heaped together as they were broken up by the 
action of the waves; others are broken into small coral 
sand that has hardened into limestone rock. It is said 
that in Ohio a certain species of coral (favosites) is found 
several feet in diameter, as perfect as when it was covered 
with flower-like polyps, luxuriating in life. Beautiful 
cyathophylla, such as are found by Mark Lindsay in the 
North Bench Pleasure Gardens, only perfect cup-shaped 



corals, are seen amid a rich profusion of other varieties 
just as they lived. 

What immense work has been done by tiny creatures 
to beneflt us, how grateful we should be for the wise pro- 
vision made for our well-being. Thousands of years be- 
fore we lived the tiny coral-polyps, and other equally tiny 
beings were preparing our limestone and marbles, the 
same as others equally small are laboring for after ages. 
The shell of the oyster and muscle, as well as the beauti- 
ful pearls formed within them, are an accretion of carbon- 
ate of lime, the beautiful colors of the shells are produced 
by the peculiar structure of the surface, reflecting light in 
such a manner as to give all the tints of the rainbow. 
What an incentive there is for us as juveniles to "study to 
acquire knowledge from all good books," to eschew the 
habit, if we have formed it, of reading the rubbishing 
literature of the day. How anxious we should be to at- 
tend school; how attentive we should be to our lessons; 
how grateful we should be to our self denying scholastic 
instructors! Beth. 



'^'^^■- 



■WHI-A-T OA .I<r BE HDOIsTB. 

Whatever is Godlike in man's nature utterly ignores 
the word "impossible." When Peter the Great deter- 
mined on a voyage of discovery, and the cold and unin- 
habited country over which he reigned furnished notliing 
but some larch trees with which to construct his vessels, 
nearly all cried out " impossible ! " But though the iron, 
tlie cordage, the sails, and all that was necessary, except 
the provisions, were to be carried through the immense 
deserts of Siberia, down rivers of diflicult navigation, and 
along roads almost impassable, the thing was done. 

" It is impossible," said some, as soon as they heard the 
scheme of Oberlin's. To rescue his parishioners from a 
half savage state, he determined to open a communication 
with the high road to Strasbourg, so that the productions 
of Ban de lo Roche might find a market. Having assem- 
bled the people, he proposed that they should bUist the 
rocks, and convey a sulficient quantity of the enormous 
masses of rock to construct a wall for a road a mile and a 
half in length, along the river Bruche, and build a bridge 
across it near Rothan. The peasants were dumbfounded 
at the proposition, and pronounced it impracticable, and 
every one excused himself on the ground of private busi- 
ness. He, however, reasoned witli them, and added the 
ofTer of his own example. No sooner had he pronounced 
these words, than with pickaxe on his shoulder, he pro- 
ceeded to the spot, while the astonished peasants, ani- 
mated by his example, forgot their excuses, and hastened 
with one consent to fetch their tools and follow him. At 
length every difficulty was overcome. Walls were erected 
to support the earth, which appeared ready to give way ; 
mountain torrents, which had hitherto flooded the mea- 
dows, were diverted into courses or received into beds 
sufficient to contain them, and the thing wns done. Tlie 
bridge still bears the name of the " Porte de Charite," or 
Bridge of Charity. 

" It is impossible," said some, as they looked at the im- 
penetrable forests which covered the rough flanks and 
deep gorges of Mount Pilatur, in Switzerland, and heark- 
ened to the plan of a man named Rupp, to convey tlie 
giant pines from the top of the mountain to Lake Luzerne, 
a distance of nine miles. Without being discouraged by 
their doubts, he formed a slide, or trough, of twenty-four 
thousand pine trees, six feet broad and from three to six 
feet deep; and this slide, which was completed in 1812, 
was called the "Slide of Alpnach," from the place where 
it was situated, and kept moist. Its lengtli was forty-four 
thousand English feet. It has to be conducted over the 
rocks, or along their sides, or under ground, or over deep 
gorges, where it was susLained by scaffoldings, and yet 
skill and perseverance overcame all obstacles, and the 
thing was done. The trees rolled down the mountain 
side into the lake with wonderful rapidity. The larger 
pines, which were one hundred feet long, ran through the 
space of about eight miles sCnd a half in about ten minutes. 
" Such," says an eye witness, " was the speed with whicli 
a tree of the largest size passed any given point, that I 
could only strike it once with a stick, no matter how 
rapidly the blow was given." 



:y 



^il^&tr 




140 



CTTJ ^ E IDTI Xj E I IT STZES^TJ O T O K;. 



§)lt iiiiitnilt imitntft^v. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1870. 



BDia?0:E^I-A.Xj THIOTJCa-HTS. 




•UR last two numbers have contained our 
thoughts uixiu War. It is the principal 
topic just now in the world, because of 
the great war which is being waged be- 
tween France and Prus.sia, so you must 
not wonder at our speaking frequently 
about it. The reports about the destruc- 
tion of men which come from the battle- 
fields arc shocking. One cannot read 
them without a shudder at the misery 
which a war such as this, of which we speak, 
brings upon a nation. You would naturally 
.suiipose that where such a war as this rages the 
men engaged in it would not talk about religion 
and loving God. You would not expect to hear 
their prajnug to Ilim. Yet it is a foot that in 
;ach army there are men and women, who are 
called priests, pastors and deaconesses, whose only 
business is to preach and pray and tell about the 
love of God and the mercy of Jesus! They say God created 
all men, that lie is the Father of all, and that He loves all; 
at the same time they ask Him to help them to kill and con- 
quer His children, their brothers, to whom they are opposed. 
Each army does this. Does it not appear strange that men 
who think themselves wise .should be guilty of such folly? 

la a religious magazine which we lately read there was much 
•■^aid about the Christian spirit which prevails in the armies; 
but esiiecially in the Prussian army. They meet together to 
sing and pray and listen to their preachers. Rible and Tract 
Societies have their agents in both armies, and they work day 
and night to supjily the troops with their works. They hawk 
the Bibles and Testaments around among the soldiers, and 
endeavor to excite their fears or to make them believe that to 
have a Bible upon their person while in battle is a great bles- 
sing, and would be a sure passport to heaven if they should 
be killed.; In doing this, they sell many Bibles, and they flatter 
themselves they arc saving souls! 

Instead of lifting up their voices against the war, and instruct- 
ing the nations how to live at peace, the course religious 
teacherw take encourages fighting. How different is their 
teaching and example to those of Jesus! He taught the peo- 
jile how to avoid war; his lessons were tho.se of meekness and 
forbearance. How great the contrast between His teachings 
and the conduct of tliese iiricsts who are with these armies! 

Children, you should be very thankful to the Lord for His 
goodnc^is in restoring His gospel once mure to the earth, and 
that you can hear it. It has taught the Saints how to live at 
peace, and to escape all the dreadful judgments which are 
coming upon the wicked. Tmly the Lord ha.s begun to 
scourge the nations, and to fiJfil His word concerning the last 
days. 



WIJNDERFUL accounts arc given by historians of the 

'' valor of some of the Arab companions of Mahommcd, 

who fought afltT his death to conquer the surrounding nations. 

One of them was named Derar Ibn al Azwar. He was a 



mighty warrior. On one occasion he was sent with a small 
lorce of men to feel the pulse of the enemy. He charged into 
the thickest of the foe. In the first meeting four horsemen 
tell beneath his arm. He then wheeled off, and wattdiing a 
chance, he chai-ged with his little troop upon the foot soldiers. 
He slew six with his own hand, and trampled down others. He 
retreated in safety. 

Another time the general in 'command of the Arabs asked 
his soldiers which of them would undertake to observe the 
enemy near at hand, and brmg him an account of the number 
and the manner in which the forces were ai-ranged. Derar said 
he would. The general charged him not to strike a blow 
unprovoked, nor to expose his life unless he was forced to do 
so. When the general of the other army saw this one horse- 
man prowling around his army, he sent thirty horsemen to 
sm-round and capture him. Derar retreated before them until, 
in chasing him, they got separated. Then he suddenly wheel- 
ed. He received the first on the point of his lance, and so 
another and another, imtil he had killed or unhorsed seven- 
teen! This daunted the rest, and he made his retreat in 
safety. 

His general reproached him for his rashness and disobe- 
dience of orders. He replied that he sought not to fight; they 
came forth against him, and, he added, had it not been for his 
general's orders he would not have stopped killmg when he 
did. 

Another of these soldiers was named Damfts. He was a 
very large man, of immense strength and very brave. The 
^lohammedan army had been laying siege to the strong castle 
of Aleppo for about seven months; but they could not capture 
it. Damas proposed to the general that if he would give him 
thirty men he would pledge his head to put him in possession 
of the castle. The general gave him the men. He and his 
men crept sOently on all-fours to that part of the castle wall 
which was easiest to climb over. He seated himself on the 
ground, and made one of his men seat himself on his shoulders, 
and so on until seven were thus mounted on each other. Then 
he who was uppermost stood upright on the shoulders of the 
man below him, and so did the others in succession, until 
Damas rose from the ground upon his feet, and stood with the 
weight of all of them upon his shoulders. Each of the men 
rendered such aid as he could by bearing against the wall. 
When DaniiXs stood up the uppermost man was able to scram- 
ble upon the top of the wall. Here he found a sentinel drunk 
and asleep. He seized him and threw him down to his com- 
jianions who were below the wall. He then unfolded his 
turban, the covering which the peojile of those lands wear on 
their heads, and drew the man uj) below him, and they two 
the next, and so on until Daniils was also on the wall. They 
killed the sentinels and guards, and succeeded in opening the 
gate for the army outside. 

On one occasion, at Antioch, which city the Arabs were try- 
ing to ca]itm'e, a Grecian commander offered to fight any of 
the Aral)S in single combat. DaniAs spurred forward to meet 
him; but his horse stumbled and fell with him, and he was 
seized as the prisoner of the (Jreek, and was carried to his tent, 
where he was bound hand and fodt. Another Arab took his 
l)lace, and a brave light ensued. While this fight was going 
on the soldiers of either army, thronged to see it, and in the 
tuniiilt the tent of the Greek, where DamAs was bound, was 
thrown down. There were but three servants left in charge of 
it. Fearful of the anger of their master they hastened to set 
it up again, and they untied Damfts that ho might assist them. 
But the momont he was free, he arose in his giant strength, 
.seized two oi' the men, one in each hand, dashed their heads 
again.st thu head of the third, and soon laid them lifeless on 
the ground. Then o)iening a chest belonging to the Greek, he 
put on a dress belonging to him wliich he iound, armed himself 
with a sabre, sjirang on a horse that stood ready saddled, cut 
his way through his enemies and escaped to his friends. 



m, 




J" TJ "V El I^ I H. E IlsrSTK.TJOTOI^ 



141 



TUDB ■W-.A.Li^.TJS. 



AMONGST the residents of the frozen regions of tlie 
Arctic ocean are the creatures reisresented in our en- 
graving. They are generally known as tha Walrus, 
though some persons have given them the name of the 
Sea Horse. In appearance they resemble a gigantic seal, 
being from eighteen to twenty feet long. Two or three 
hundred years ago vast numbers were killed for the sake 
of their skins, oil and tusks, but of late years, since the 
increase of the whale fisheries, they have not been hunted 
with such vigor. One voyager in 1606 tells of an occasion, 
when between six and seven hundred were killed in six 
hours, and an- 
other speaks 
of the capture 
of a thousand 
in eight hours. 
Now - a - days 
they are not so 
numerously 
met with, but 
appear to have 
retreated to the 
most northern 
regions, as 
far as possi- 
ble out of 
the reach of 
man. It is 
said that in 
ancient times 
they were 
frequently 
found on the 
coasts of Brit- 
ain. 

Now look at the picture and we will try to describe the 
creature to you. Its head is nearly round and somewhat 
flattened, its eyes small and brilliant and their expression 
harmless. Its upper lip is covered with large whiskers or 
bristles. Its nostrils are large and rounded and it has no 
external ears. That is you cannot see that it has any 
ears, though it is not devoid of the sense of hearing. 
When young it has not any tusks, and sailors say that 
when a cub raises its head out of the water to inspect a 
passing ship, its face looks very much like that of a 
human being. Some imagine that these creatures gave 



rise to the tales old mariners were fond of narrating about 
mermaids and mermen, that they asserted were to be seen 
iu the great waters on certain occasions. When this 
animal grows up, two large tusks, sometimes as much 
as two feet long, project downwards from its upper 
jaw. These are very dangerous weapons in a fight, for the 
walrus, though very quiet and inoflensive when undisturb- 
ed, is a dangerous foe when attacked. When one is pursued, 
others quickly rally to the defense of their friend, and 
throwing their whole weight on these tusks, they will 
often tear a boat to splinters. The ivory of these tusks is 

excellent, bet- 
ter even than 
that of the ele- 
phant, as it is 
harder and re- 
tains its white- 
ness for a long- 
er period. 
Walrus flesh 
is highly es- 
teemed by the 
Esquimaux, 
and is not con- 
sidered bad to 
eat by the har- 
dy navigators, 
who visit those 
frozen climes 
on voyages of 
discovery, or to 
fish for whales. 
The food of 
the Walrus 
is said to be 

marine plants, and its tusks are supposed to have been 
given it to help it in picking up a living, on the icebergs 
or at the bottom of the sea. It is a rapid and dextrous 
swimmer, but on land its progress is vei-y slow and 
clumsy, its build being more adapted for swimming in 
the sea or sliding on an iceberg, than creeping on the 
land. In our next, we shall have more to say of some of 
the creatures inhabiting the polar regions. 

G. R. 



M 




jM:issi02srj^i?."Y' SK:EToia::ES. 



ONE incident, I will relate, which occurred a few 
months after we went to Wailuku, to show you how 
the Lord hears and answers prayer. We were very much 
in want of some means to buy stuff for garments, &c. The 
natives were very poor, and we felt delicate about asking 
them for anything, but we knew that the Lord would 
hear and answer our prayers ; so we prayed to him. Bro- 
ther Hammond had brought his wife and child over from 
Lahaina ; they were living in the village close to Wailuku. 
He and I had to make. a visit to a town about twelve or 
fifteen miles distant ; and before starting, we had prayed 
to the Lord to open our way so that we might obtain what 
we wanted. We had travelled from the house about 
three miles, when in passing ^me houses which were on 
the beach, we met a man by the name of Freeman, an 
American, who accosted us and inquired if we had author- 
ity to marry. Upon our informing him that we had, he 
asked us if we could spare the time to stop at his house 
and marry him. We told him that as it was on our way 



we would stop. I jserformed the ceremony, and at his 
request addressed the people who had assembled at the 
house. He gave us a five dollar gold piece. We had 
married ii^any before that, but this was the first money 
which had ever been given to us. His five-dollars sup- 
plied our necessities, for in those days we were content 
with very little. I have always looked upon this as a 
direct answer to our prayers, for when we met the man he 
was evidently on his way to Wailuku, with his intended 
wife, to be married by the missionary there. It is always 
more pleasant for an Elder, when he is in need of any- 
thing, on a mission, to apply to the Lord for it than to ask 
the people ; at least, I have always found it so. 

The Lord blessed the natives who joined the Church in 
many ways, and they rejoiced exceedingly in the gifts of 
the Spirit. One day a young man made application to be 
baptized who had been so sick that he was not expected 
to live. His elder brother was in the Church, and the 
evening previous to his baptism the Elders had been 



»: 



143 



CTTJ'V'EIsriLE IlSrSTI?yTJOTOI2/, 



called in to administer to liim. He was so much restored 
by morning that he was able to rise and afterwards to 
attend the meeting and was baptize(K The same day 
Brother Napcla and some other of the native saints had 
visited a woman who believed in the gospel, who wished 
to be baptized ; she had been unable to walk upright for 
five years, but she was anxious for them to administer to 
her that she might be restored. They laid their hands 
upon her and commanded her, in the name of the Lord 
Jesus Christ, to arise and walk. She immediately stood 
up and walked, and went and was baptized. This created 
a great excitement in the neighborhood, for she was well 
known, and the people were astonished at her restoration. 
The attention of numbers was turned to the gospel by 
this occurrence. 

Another instance which happened about the same time 
was that of a woman who was a member of the Presby- 
terian church. She was afflicted with dropsy, or some- 
thing very like that disease. She had tried various reme- 
dies, but obtained no relief. She had heard about the 
gifts in the church, and she called upon Brothers Napela 
and Uaua to administer to her, saying she was willing 
to covenant to forsake her sins. They administered to her 
and she was healed ; all her swelling left her and she was 
baptized. On Sunday she attended meeting, and after- 
wards made some remarks derogatory to the work, indulg- 
ing in a spirit of apostacy. Her disease returned imme- 
diately, and she was as bad as ever. 

Another instance, was that of a woman, one of whose 
limbs was withered, and who was afflicted with palsy. 
She was baptized, and was speedily restored to health. A 
neice of hers was afterwards afflicted somewhat similarly; 
she requested us to administer to her, and when we did 
so, she was restored to health. The same day that this 
latter person had hands laid upon her, we had a meeting 
at a place called Waiehu. After the meeting waa over, 
three persons requested to be administered to, one of whom 
was a blind man. He had been blind for upwards of 
thirty years, but his sight was restored to him. He began 
to amend from the time hands were laid upon him, and 
the next morning, he was able to see. He waa afterwards 
able to go about without any guide ; and I have frequent- 
ly seen him come into meeting, winding his way among 
the people, without any aid, to a seat which he was 
accustomed to occupy near the speaker. His restoration 
caused a great stir in the neighborhood, for his blindness 
was well known. He had a son grown up to manhood ; 
he could barely recollect when his father was able to see 
and go about without aid. 

I will relate another instance of which I was not an eye- 
witness ; but which I have every reason to believe occur- 
red as I will relate it. I have mentioned an elder whose 
name was Uaua. He was a man of considerable faith. 
His wife had been stricken down in his absence and had 
been, to all ajipoarance, dead for some three hotirs, before 
he arrived at his house. In that country when a person 
dies, the friends and relatives of the family assemble 
togetber and manifest their grief by wailing. They were 
indulging in these lamentations and outcries when he 
returned, every one supposing that slie was dead. He 
was, of course, very mucli shocked ; but the first thing he 
did was to anoint her and lay luinds upon her ; and, to the 
astonishment of all who had >sscmbled, she instantly 
recovered. 

I might multiply instances of this kind without num- 
ber; liut I write these, to show you that the same works 
and power of Ciod, which were manifested anciently 
through the faith of the servants and Saints of God have 
been shown forth in our day and.under the administration 
of the people of God, who now live. The natives of the 



Sandwich Islands had great faith to lay hands on the sick, 
and also to have hands laid upon them when they were 
sick. It was not contrary to their traditions for them to 
believe in this ordinance, for their old native priests, 
before the missionaries came, had considerable power, 
which they exercised, and in which the people had" con- 
fidence. 



®i03^a|i|||» 






a?iTE 





ENERAL uneasiness prevailed among 
the people outside of the city of Nauvoo, 
respecting the intentions of the Saints. 
There had been so many falsehoods cir- 
culated about acts of violence which 
had been committed by them, that 
many supposed they would now seek 
revenge. They knew that the cold- 
blooded murder of Joseph and Hyrum 
while they were unarmed prisoners, rely- 
ing upon the pledged honor of the Governor 
and the plighted faith of the State, was a 
sufficient provocation to enrage any people 
holding the relationship which the Saints 
did to the Prophet and Patriarch, and to 
cause them to take the law in their own hands. 
Besides, many 0i those who felt this uneasiness 
were eithef members of the luob, or guilty of 
giving aid and comfort to the mob, and in their 
secret souls they felt that they merited punishment. On 
the first of July two gentlemen— A. Jonas and Col. Fel- 
lows — arrived at Nauvoo with a message from Governor 
Ford, to the City Council. Their instructions from the 
Governor were: 

"Colonel Fellows and Captaio Jonas are requested to pro- 
ceed by the first boat to Nauvoo, and ascertain what Is the 
feeling, disposition, and determination of the people there, in 
reference to the late disturbances, ascertain whether any of 
them propose in any manner to avenge themselves, whether 
any threats have been used, and what is proposed generally 
to be done by them." 

They were also requested to return to Warsaw and learn 
the state of feeling there and whether the militia which 
was assembled there intended to make an attack upon 
Nauvoo. 

The City Council met, and speaking for the people, 
jiassed a series of resolutions ; the first of which stated 
that, for the purpose of ensuring peace they would rigidly 
sustain the laws and the Governor of the State, so long as 
they, and he, would sustain them in all their constitu- 
tional riguts. Tlie second was to the effect that inasmuch 
as the Governor had taken from them the public 
arms, they should solicit him to take possession in like 
manner of all the public arms of the State. The next 
resolution reprobated i)rivat« revenge on the assassinators 
of Joseph and Hyrum, that instead of appealing to arms, 
they appealed to the majesty of the law, and should the 
law fail, they would leave tjie matter with (iod. In the 
remaining resolutions the members of the Council pledged 
themselves for the city of Nauvoo that no aggressions by 
the citizens should be made upon the citizens of the sur- 
rounding country, and they also expressed their willing- 
ness to uphold the Governor and the law by all honorable 
means while he took a course to allay excitement and 



l^^^il 



f3r 



a-TJ^E3SriLE IISrSTie/TJOTOI^. 



14:3 



t 



restore peace, and would use his influence to stop all vex- 
atious i^roceedings in law until confidence should be re- 
stored, so that the citizens of Nauvoo could go, if neces- 
sary, to Carthage, or any other place, for trial, without 
exposing themselves to the violence of assassins. 

A copy of the resolutions was enclosed in a letter to the 
messengers of the Governor, and they were invited to 
attend a public meeting of the citizens which was to be 
held that afternoon near the Temple. 

The meeting was held and was addressed by Mr. Jonas 
and others ; the resolutions of the City Council were read, 
all of which were endorsed by the people. Votes of 
thanks were also passed by the meeting to several gentle- 
men who had manifested friendly feelings and a disposi- 
tion to see justice done to the Saints. 

On the second of July, Elder John Taylor was brought 
home in his wounded condition from Carthage. His own 
account of his removal from Carthage to Nauvoo, is so 
graphic and interesting, that we make the following 
extract from it : 

"Many of the mob came around and treated me with ap- 
parent respect, and the oflicers and people generally looked 
upon me as a hostage, and feared that my removal would be 
the signal for the rising of the Mormons. I do not remember 
the time that I stayed at Carthage, but I think three or four 
days after the murder, when Brother Marks with a carriage, 
Brother James AUred with a wagon, Dr. Ells, and a number 
of others on horseback, came for the purpose of taking me to 
Nauvoo. I was very weak at the time, occasioned by the loss 
of blood and the great discharge of my wounds, so that when 
my wife asked me if I could talk I could barely whisper no. 
Quite a discussion arose as to the propriety of my removal, the 
physicians and people of Carthage protesting that it would be 
my death, while my friends were anxious for my removal if 
possible. 

"I suppose the former were actuated by the above-named 
desire to keep me. Colonel Jcnes was, I believe, sincere ; he 
had acted as a friend all the time, and he told my wife she 
ought to persuade mo not to go, for he did not believe I had 
strength enough to reach Nauvoo. It was finally agreed, 
however, that 1 should go ; but as it was thought that I could 
not stand riding in a wagon or carriage, they prepared a lit- 
ter for me ; I was carried dswn stairs and put on it. A num- 
ber of men assisted to carry me, some of whom had been 
engagfid in the mob. As soon as I got down stairs, I felt 
much better and strengthened, so that 1 could talk ; I suppose 
the effect of the fresh air. 

"When we had got near the outside of the town, I remem- 
bered some woods that we liad to go through, and telling a 
person near to call for Dr. Ells, who was riding a very good 
horse, I said, 'Doctor, I perceive that the people are getting 
fatigued with carrying me ; a number of Mormons live about 
two or three miles from here, near our route ; will you ride to 
the'r settlement as quietly as possible, and have them come 
and meet us?' He started off on a gallop immediately. My 
object in this was to obtain protection in case of an attack, 
rather than to obtain help to carry me. 

"Very soon after the men from Carthage made one excuse 
after another, until they had all left, and 1 felt glad to get rid 
of them. I found that the tramping of those carrying me 
produced violent pain, and a sleigh was produced and attach- 
ed to the hind end of Brother James AUred'^wngon, a bed 
placed upon it, and I propped up on the bed. My wife rode 
with me, applying ice and ice-water to my wounds. As the 
sleigh was dragged over the grass on the prairie, which was 
quite tall, it moved very easily and gave me very little pain. 

"When I got within five or six miles of Nauvoo, the breth- 
ren commenced to meet me from the city, and they increased 
In number as we drew nearer, until there was a very large 
company of people of all ages and both sexes, principally, 
however, of men. 

"For some time there had been almost incessant rain, so 
that in many low places in the prairie ic was fiom one to three 
feet deep in water, and at such places the brethren whom we 
met took hold of the sleigh, lifted it, and carried it over the 
water ; and when we arrived in the neighborhood of the city, 
where the roads were excessively muddy and bad, the breth- 
ren tore down the fences, and we passed "through the fields. 

"Never shall I forget the difference of feeling that I ex- 
perienced between the place that I had left and the one that I 
had now arrived at. I had left a lot of reckless, bloodthirsty 
murderers, and had come to the City of iflfiKaints, the people 
of the living God ; friends of truth and rignteousness, thou- 
sands of whom stood there with warm, true hearts to offer 
their friendship and services, and to welcome my return. It 



is true it was a painful scene, and brought sorrowful remem - 
brances to mind, but to me it caused a thrill of joy to find 
myself once more in the bosom of my friends, and to meet 
with the cordial welcome of true, honest hearts. What was 
very remarkable, I found myself very much bettor after my 
arrival at Nauvoo than I was when I started on my journey, 
although I had travelled eighteen miles." 

An address to the Church was published at this time, 
which was signed by W. W. Phelps, Willard Richards, 
and John Taylor. After alluding to the great loss the 
Church had sustained in the martyrdom of Joseph and 
Hyrum, they besought the Saints in Nauvoo and else- 
where, to hold fast to the faith that had been delivered to 
them, and to be peaceable, quiet citizens, doing the works 
of righteousness, and as soon as the Twelve and other 
authorities could assemble, or a majority of them, the on- 
ward course to the great gathering of Israel, and the final 
consummation of the dispensation of the fulness of times 
would be pointed out. 

A messenger had been selected to bear letters and other 
documents to those of the Twelve Apostles who were in 
the|East, and to inform them of the massacre of the Pro- 
phet and Patriarch; his name was Geo- J. Adams. He 
had plenty of means to accomplish his journey; but he 
failed to perform this mission. Elder Jedediah M. Grant, 
who also left Nauvoo about the same time, did not tarry 
till he found them and carried them the news. This in- 
cident illustrates the diflfcrence in the characters and fate 
of the two men. Adams became an apostate, and his 
subsequent career has been disgraceful. Jedediah M. 
Grant was a faithful, true man; he was ordained one of 
the First Seven Presidents of the Seventies, and, at the 
time of his death, he was President Brighara Young's 
Second Counselor. 



THIII! 






BXJIF- 



117 E clip the following interesting fable from the eol- 
'' umns of a child's paper. It will be read, we think, 
with pleasure. It illustrates most clearly the benefits of 
union and the fate which follows the gratification of 
selfishness. There are many men who have been in the 
Church, who are like this old buffalo bull. They are 
morose and disagreeable while with the rest of the people, 
and do not scruple to raise a fuss with any one who inter- 
feres in the least with them, yet, like the old bull in the 
fable, they are all the time of the opinion that tlieir 
services are exceedingly valuable to the community. 
They finally meet with something that displeases them, 
and they trot ofTand leave the church. They think they 
will have all the browsing to themselves, and escape the 
everlasting trouble of doing their share of labor in the 
community. But, alas, how greatly they are disappoint- 
ed. They soon become involved in trouble and difficulty; 
the wolves get after them. Too late for their happiness and 
peace they find they are away from all their friends, and 
they perish. This has been the end of hundreds, who 
like tlie bull, have gone off and left the church. Children 
recollect this foolish buffalo and his dreadful end. 

"Upon the plains, near the headwaters of the Pl.atte, 
there was a vast herd of biiffalo, who roamed about 
together, summer and winter, and cropped the prairie 
grass, wherever it was fresh and green. There were old 
bulls in the herd, that were patriarchs, and led the rest, 
and cows that were mostly mothers, and had young 
calves to take care of. They were all like one family, and 
the only great trouble which they knew, was that the 
prairie wolves assaulted them whenever they had a 
chance, and wherever they could discover a sick buffalo, 
or a calf which had strayed from its mother, and was too 
young to take care of itself. 



lAJU 






J- TJIT E IsT 1 31. E IZtTSTI^TJOTOI^/ 



I 



I 



As a rule the old buflfalos were very attentive and brave, 
and drove away the wolves when they assaulted any of 
their number. This they did by pushing and goring 
them with their horns, when the wolves were few, and 
when attacked by a large drove they formed themselves 
in a circle, with their heads and horns sticking outside, 
while the sick, and the young buftaloes, were kept inside, 
safe from harm. The wolves, therefore, found nothing 
but a ring of manes and horns opposed to them, and were 
obliged to give up the chase. The wolves were thus dis- 
appointed and fled, after which the young buffaloes were 
let out again, and the old bulls still kept guard, as they 
browsed along the plains. So that, by one method or ano- 
ther, the wolves were generally kept at bay, although the 
constant watch required to be" kept up, cost the old bulls 
some trouble. 

One day a morose old bull said to himself, 

"What a trouble all this watching is. Now, if I were to 
leave the herd, I could have the browsing all to myself, 
and escape the everlasting trouble of looking after the 
young in the herd, besides fighting their battles for them. 
Besides," he soliloquized, "there are plenty to watch .and 
fight without me." 

Accordingly, this old bull, who was the most trouble- 
some in the herd, always kicking those who came near 
his pasturage, took himself off, one moonlight night, upon 
a journey of exploration. 

He trotted at first quickly, in order to get out of hear- 
ing and reach, but, by the time that he had gone nine 
miles, he slackened his speed somewhat. Then it was 
that he heard, with alarm, the cry of wolves in the dis- 
tance. As he soon learned to his sorrow, they came 
from a large pack upon a hunting expedition. In vain 
the buffalo attempted to hide himself in a clump of pine 
trees hard by, as the wolves dashed out from among the 
trees, and gave chase, howling at the top of their voices, 
and licking their hungry chops. 

Tired as he was, the poor buffalo set off at full gallop; 
but his pursuers were many, and relieved one another at 
intervals, so that lie had no chance, and was soon wearied 
out. He defended himself for some time, as best he could, 
against tlie numliers, that beset him, by striking at the 
foremost wolf, now and then, with his horns ; but it all 
proved of no avail, as another wolf was alwaj's ready to 
take the place of the wounded one. 

"Alas!" said the biiftalo, "were I with my friends they 
could defend mo. How gladly I would now take my 
share of the burdens of the herd, to reap the benefit of its 
protection." 

But it was too late, for the wolves fastened upon his 
throat and flanks, and in a few minutes more he was 
pulled to pieces and devoured.— jSfefcc^cfZ. 



A FtiNNV Bird. — A recent traveler in Austria thus 
describes the performance of a tame cockatoo, known by 
the name of "the Doctor." It pretended to have a violent 
toothache, and nursed its head in its clilw, rocking itself 
backwards and forwards, as if in the greatest agony, and 
in answer to all the remedies which were proposed, 
croaking out, "Oli, it ain't a bit good!" and finally sidling 
up to tlie edge of its perch and crying in a hoarse whisper, 
" Give me a drop of whiskey, do !" " It would also pretend 
to sew, holding a little piece of cloth undeineath its claw, 
which rested on the perch, and going through the 
motions with the other, getting into difficulties with 
its thread, and finally singing a loud song in favor of 
sewing macbines, just as if it were an advertisement. 
The "Doctor's" best performance is when lie imitates a 
hawk. He reserves this piece of acting until his mistress 
is fe(Mliiig her poultry, then when all the hens and chick- 
ens, turkeys and pigeons are in the quiet enjoyment of 
their lireakfast or supper, the peculiar shrill cay (if a hawk 
is heard overhead, and the " Doctor" is seen circling in 
the air, uttering a scream occasionally. The fowls never 
find out it is a hoax, but run to slie'lter, cackling loudly 
for their cliicks, crouching under the bushes, and 
pigeons taking refuge in their house. As soon as tlie 
ground is quite dear, cocky changes his wild notes for 
jieals of laughter from a bigli tree, and finally allgliting 
on the top of a hen-coop filloil witb treinbling chickens, 
remarks in a suftbcated voice, " Vou'll be the death of 
n\e'. "Selected. 



[For the Juvenile Instruefor 




CH:inijiDi?.Eisr. 



The long, long time, dear father, 
Since we have look'd on you; 

Makes all the days seem longer — 
The nights seem longer too. 

While in a distant country, 
Across the mighty sea; 

We hope you're feeling happy 
Wherever you may be. 

Our kind good mother teaches 
Us how to pray lor you, 

When we kneel down together, 
At night and morning too. 

She says to distant nations, 
By God's command, you're sent 

To preach the glorious gospel, 
And we must be content. 

We pray that Jesus' spirit 
May ever fill your heart; 

And give you light and knowledge, 
To others to impart: 

That thro' your heav'nly counsel. 
The humble may be blest — 

Tlie pure in heart directed. 
To Zion in the West. 

We pray that God will give yon 
Good healtli and appetite, 

With wholesome fond and clothing. 
And quiet sleep at night. 

When you are waiting dinner. 
In homes across the sea — 

When prattling stranger children 
Are clinging to your knee; 

While gently you caress them. 
Do not your feelings roam, 

With fatherly afl'ection. 
To your dear mountain home, 

Where loving hearts are beating, 
And pure as winter snow — 

Where brightest eyes are beaming 
With love's deep filial glow? 

Yet father — dearest father. 
We do n»t— dare not pray 

For your return to Zion 
'J ill God shall name the day. 

Salt Lake City, September 2, 1870. 



K. R. S. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, E DITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Cop'ji, per Annum ^3 00. 

Single Copy, /or Six Months 1 50. 

*»- (Iniin l>roiit;Iit to tliis City fnr tlic .Iiivknii.f, Insthuctor will be 
ricuivfilut the ofliic of our paiiur— Dkskkkt NKwa Buil.niNOS. 



;^^^ 




