r 




VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1876. 



^o. 3. 



THE TOAATEE. OI^ Xj O IsT ID O HST . 



^PilET'iwernf Ix>nrlon, a p'etiire of wliich we lierewith present 
1 to our readers, is one of the most interesting places for 
sight-see-ers to visit that all Ecgland contains. It is a confused 
mass of houses, towers, forts, batteries, ramparts, barracks, 
armories, .storehouses and other buildings, covering an area of 
over twelve acres. It Ls situated on rising ground on the bank 



the Cnnquerer nearly eight hundred years ago. During the 
reign of the first two Norman kings it was merely used as a 
fortress, but with the reign of the next king it was used as a 
state prison, and its size and strength were increased until it 
became an impo.sing .stronsliuld. The kings frequently resided 
there, and on several occasions the Tower was besieged by 





of the river Thume?, on the cast .side of the city of London. 
.Some early writers have elaime.l that Julius Cicsar first 
built the London Tower as a Itoiuau fortress; but that is prob- 
ably mere conjecture, foundc^d on the- fact of massive foundation.s 
and a coin of the time of Julius Ca'.iar having been discovered 
on the site, when later buildings were being erected.^ Tiie 
oldest of thj p:c ,en; buildiii-.s wa.i erected by or Icr of Willii.iu 



their rebellious subjects. But it is from cireuuislances con- 
nected with the imprisonment and execution there of the 
numerous victims of the kings' and (lucens' displeasure that 
the tower has derived much of its fame. There, in former 
times. nuiiil>ers i>l persons were <'ast into dungeons for some 
fancied (ilfeiise against a lyranniial king or noiilcinan, and sul 
'octed to numri-ous tortures and fiM;ill.\ put to dratli. Tin 





CTTJ'VEn^JI-iE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^, 



^ 



illustrious persons were immured for months and years and 
finally beheaded or hung for daring to differ in their opinions 
on matters of government from those who held power in the 
land. But those are all things of the past; criminals or victims 
of cruel persecution no longer pine in the dungeons of the 
Tower, and the instruments of torture, and the ax and block, 
and the gallows are of no farther use there except to exhibit 
tj curious visitors, who flock there by thousands every year to 
view the Tower and Its curious contents, all of which arc associ- 
ated in their minds with gloomy memories of the past. 
Not the least interesting about the Tower are the quaint 
and touching inscriptions and devices carved on the walls of 
the dungeons by the many unfortunate [jrisoners who have at 
different times been confined there. 

Should any of our readers chance to visit London they will 
feel well repaid for the small entrance fee charged for admission 
to the armory and the jewel-house contained in the Tower, by 
witnessing the curious and interesting sight they will there 
behold; but of these we will tell you more in future numbers, 
when we give you pictures of the ancient armor and crown 
jewels of Kngland. 






BY C. R. SAVAGE. 




CHAPTER III. 

IT was a cold, miserable morning when we awoke from our 
sound sleep at the "Travelers' Joy." It had been raining and 
snowing during the night, and the streets were sloppy and 
disagreeable to pedestrians. The weather, bad as it was, was 
the right kind for the religious tramps; they were busy "ragging 
up," as the theatrical people say, and were getting ready to 
mike a raid upon the kind hearts who might really believe 
them the objects of charity they appear to be. 

Tramps, andimpostersof a like kind are frequently clever spec- 
imens of the genus actor. They are rarely what thej' seem to be. 
It is related of Edwin Forrest, the great actor, that on one occa- 
sion man approached him with a doleful story of his misfortunes. 
He haLde I him a five do lar bill, with the rema k: "If what 
you say be true, the money will do you good, but if it is not 
true, j'ou are the best actor I ever saw and therefore deserve 
it." 

Doubtless some of my readers have seen just such a family as 
the religious singers mentioned before represented; they were a 
study I assure you. The head of the "family" had on a woin- 
out stjve-pipe hat, and went in his shirtsleeves, while his pants 
were carefully ventilated at the knees. His "woman" was a 
woe-begone sample of despair; her tattered skirts hung in 
vertical lin-^s from her hips, carefully fringed with rags, and 
h^r head was without covering. One of the boys had on a 
swallow-tailed coat, with one flap torn off; it must, originally, 
have been worn by an older person, as it was much too large 
for him; a grea.sy cap crowned his matted locks, and the toes 
of his right foot were exposed to light and air. A poor little 
girl with a pensive, pretty face, had on a bonnet of the period 
with some wretchedly faded out artificial flowers, the entire 
make up at variance with her age. The poor little soul may 
l^ossibl}' have been an orphan, as children for the purpose of 
exciting the interest of benevolent people were hired from any 
source they could be obtained. A ragged shawl and stocking- 
less feet completed her "make up." A cunning little dot of a 
boy completed this (luintette; he had a jacket with only one 



sleeve to it; and if my readers could have followed them into 
the street and heard their sweet music, they would have been 
treated to something like the following: 

"I love Jesus, he's my Savior; 

I love Jesus, yes I do-oo; 
I love Jesus, he's my Savior; 
Jesus smiles, and he loves me too." 

I cannot say that the foregoing poetry was sung by the 
destitute family that I have endeavored to describe, but I 
have heard others work at the same theme with excruciating 
effect. 

There was something in our appearance that always excited 
comment en the part of the knowing ones that were staying at 
the "Joy." Our tramp seemed proud of us, and always took 
pains to give us his approving commendations. We were 
more or less frightened at the pictures of sin and infamy that 
such a den presented, but we were taking notes, and althouiih 
very "green," we were learning fast. 

During the night there had been some additions to the 
visitors. The new comers were better dressed than the others; 
what they could be doing, we could not tell. Our tramp told 
us after we had left the inn that they were "cracksmen," or 
rather burglars. They had possibly "cracked a crib," in the 
rogae.5' language; in plain talk they had broken into and robbtd 
some dwelling. The landlords of all such boarding houses as 
the one where we had been staying were generally in league 
with such villains and acted the part of a "fence," the slang 
name for a receiver of stolen goods. The goods were generally 
sent to an adjacent town to be sold by others in league with 
the "fence," and this movement rendered detection very 
diflj-ult; and as according to the old adage, "There is honor 
among thieves," the rascals were seldom found out. 

Our patron invited a rough looking specimen of humanity 
to help us finish up the cold "wittles," as he called the culliugs 
of the previous day; and they washed down the crumbs with 
more "alf and alf," paid for out of our funds in charge of the 
walking savings bank, represented in the person of our 
protector. • 

We gathered up our little bundles of clothing, and, nodding 
to some of the inmates who had not commenced business, our 
companions led the way out of the "Travelers' Joy," to com- 
mence again the supplications common to those who had "not 
tasted food for twenty-four hours." 

The road lay through an open country, not very thickly 
settled; and on the road the new accession to our party took 
great interest in us, and asked our names. Of cour,?e, like all 
naughty boys that get caught in doing wrong, and like many 
celebrated writers, we gave fictitious ones. We now heard 
for the first time the flrst name of our would-be father, and 
that was "Champ." He might have been a prize fighter, out 
of work, or a railway navvy; we could not tell. He stood 
nearly six feet high, was nearly forty years of age, and was 
sadly out of repair. He was afflicted with a chronic disease — 
constitutional fatigue, and no doubt looked upon us as a reward 
for his continued effort to maintain a lazy position. He was 
like the "Greasers" in New Mexico, whose principal occupa- 
tion, according to Ross Brown, consists in supporting the walls 
of houses. He seemed to try to live without bending his 
back. He bragged considerably on our cadging powers and 
said we had a voice that would melt the heart of a stone. He 
could generally tell if a house was a good one to beg in; 
•ome marks on the outside door post or fence would indicate 
the possibility of success. Should the house be that of a 
crusty old bachelor he would say "Don't go in; he never gives 
nothin' to nobody." Kind-hearted old widow ladies were 





CTTJATEItTIILiE] IIsrSTI?.lJ"CTOI^. 





eonsiJei-ed the right sort to ajiply to. A dangerous dog at a 
house would be indicated by a kind of cross ou the door post, 
and other signs that I do not know, which gave liini a clue to 
the characters of the inmates. Thus we see that begging is 
reduced to a system, although I did not learn its details fully. 

We were much interested in our new friend ; he was a kind 
of professional tramp, who traveled from fair to fair, or races, 
as the case might be, practising some small games of gambling; 
at some places he did well, at others very badly. He showed 
us a few lessons to help us on ; one was the placing of about 
eighte n halfpence in a heap upon a circular block of wood 
and then offering the young aspirant in gambling the privi- 
ledge ol knocking off all he could from the pile with a marble, 
stand ng ab lut a yard distant, for a penny. Rarely cou"d an 
inexperienced haml hit the pile; and those who tried were 
g/nerally obliged to stop before a great while un account of 
baiikruptey. Another little gaiLO consisted of ph c ng six- 
pence HI silver ou the top of a piece of wood placed on a lump 
of clay. If the person who paid for the chance of throwing 
at it hit the sixpence and knocked it clean off the clay the 
money was his; but it rarely happened that the sixpence was 
struck. The stick was generally knocked away by the piece 
of wood thrown and the money fell on the lump of clay. 
He was verj' fertile in all sorts of "dodges" to trap the unwary 
youth: and when the petty gambling games were unsaf(3, he 
c.ime down to legitimate business. With a huge paper tied on 
to his stove-pipe hat he would run around a race track yelling: 

''C rect card gents; names, weights, and colors of the riders 
only a penny!" Tbis exertion inii'ated that this t-amp had 
a little more energy than our adoijted one. Some have a little 
more work in them than others. 

It was not long before our new companion left us and turned 
off for a town some short dis.ance from where w^ were. He 
said that a laige cattle fair and races were to come off in a few 
days, so we parted company, with some regrets on my part, for 
he seemed to be a better man than Mr. C'hani]), and spoke 
very kindly to the little '"grcen-uns" as he cheerfully called 
us. 

If the reader in his travels should ever sec a grave stone 
to the memory of Bill Spilton plea.se drop a tear to the mem- 
ory of the race-track tiamp. 

There were but tew houses where we could practice the art of 
"cadging" and we had mot with but indifferent luck. Evening 
came on; Tom had been .successful in getting a little money from 
.some farm hands, and he seemed inclined to stick to it; but our 
adopted friend slapi)od him on the ears, which brought tears 
into our hajipy family. He did not propose to trust us with 
money; as he was to look after us, he gave us to understand 
that we should give it all to him. He began to swear at us, 
and show his real character; for to tell tlie truth he was very 
hungry, and dry too. 'J'he difficulty was .smoothed over as 
well a iiossiblc, but I had begun to think of getting away from 
liis care: but how to do it was a difficulty. 

Towards evening we made a raid on tlie kitchen of a wealthy 
farmer, and, by a well told story, induced the fat old cook to 
give us the frames of some roast chicken. The only thing I 
can tliink of that bears a resemblence to the evening meal and 
the manner of conducting it. is the .scene in the "Two I'olt.s," 
where Harry Bowring and I'hil. Margelts are acting the jiart 
of two men on the i)oiiit of starvation who .sudd^'nly find 
something to eat. 

No boarding house, .station-house, or any other kind of a 
home was hakcA forward to as a resting place for the night; 
and after dark we crawled under a large barn to sleep. The 
hi was clear, and cold, and the little "green-uns" huddled 



closely together to keep warm; but a new trouble arose to dis- 
turb us: the rats were very lively in our camiv, but as they 
were well fed, they did not trouble us much, and we closed our 
eyes upon a cold, unfeelinir world. 



'•'$ 



merua. 



BY G. M. O. 



ANCIENT PERU. 



{Continued.) 

ArroRDixc to Garcilazo's history, the period of the Incas 
was less than five hundred years, if their dynasty con- 
sisted of no more than thirteen or fourteen .sovereigns; arid 
Manco Capac with his mysterious origin and his miiaeulous 
nowers of civilizing, he has undoubtedly borrowed fioni 
traditions from the older inhabitants of I'eru. Baldwin says: 
"The only Spanish writer who really studied the ancient history 
of Peru in the traditional and other records of the country 
was Eernando 3Iontesinos, who went there about a .century 
after the conquest. He was sent from Sjiain on service which 
took him to every part of Peru, and cave 1 i u the best piissi- 
ble opportunities for investigation. He was a scholar and a 
worker, with a .strong inclination to such studies; and during 
two .periods of residence in the country, he devoted fifteen 
years to those ini|uiries witli unremitting industry and great 
success." (Old America, 2i'il I. He learned the Peruvian lan- 
guage, and collected tlie historical i)oems. traditions and narra- 
tives. He received assistance from old men who were trained 
to read the quippus, and who had learned from the Amautas. 
In fact he omitted nothing which could aid hiiu in his purpose; 
and in this way made a great collection of old Peruvian docu- 
ments. And the result of his labors are embodied in a work 
entitled "Memorias Anti(|uesHistoric!esdel Peru," and another 
work on the conquest entitled "Annales." 

Montesinos divided Pei-uvian history into three distinct iieri- 
ods. The first period began with eiviUzation and lasted until 
the first or second century of the Christian era. The second 
was a period of disorder and decline, introduced ly invasions 
from the east and south-east. The ouinfry was broken up into 
small states and many of the arts of civilization were lo.»t. 
This jicriod la.sted over one thou.sand years. The third period 
was that of the Incas who revived civilizati in and restored the 
mupire. Montesinos discards the wonderful stories told of 
Manco Capac and M,iin:i (),:llo. and says tlie nation was origin- 
ated by a people h^l by fniir hrofhcrx. iho iirmnf/est nf ihvse 
hrnthci-s assumed svjircmi' anlhnritii, ami hiramr tin: liivf i.f a 
loH;/ line nf smxrcifiuK. 

ilere let us turn and read the first and second books of 
Nephi I Book of .Mormon); and especially the iieginning of the 
lifth verse, page •")i'i. "And now my son Lamaii and also 
],eniuel and Sam— behold if ye will hearken unto the vo'.'c of 
Nephi I the younger son of the iimr) ye sh:dl not peri^ii." 
And also Book of Jacob I l?ook of Mormon, paire 1 fn; Nephi 
began to he old; he anointed a nmn to be king: the people, 
having \a\vA Nei)hi exceediiigiy, are desirous of retaining his 
name, "and whoso should reign in his stead were called by the 
IR'ople second N'<'phi, third Nephi. etc., according to the reicns 
of the kinrs; and thus they were called by the people, let them 
be of whatever naiiiotlwv would." 1 a-k the thoughtful reader 
is there anytiiing more harmonious between sacred :ind M>cul;ir 
hi.story th.iii this fact relating to the early coloniz ilion of I'd 





2S 



J" TJ ^V E IN" I Xj E] XlSr&TIR'U CJTOTt 





Moiitesinos .irives a list of sixty-four kings who reigned in the 
first period. The first was Puhua-Manco or A}'arUchu-Topa 
(the youngest brother), whose power was increased by the wil- 
ling submission of "neighboring nations." He was succeeded 
by Manco-Capac, a remarkable character. ''Adiacent nations 
dreaded his power," and in his time the kingdim was much 
increased. The next king was Huainaeui-Pishua. During his 
reign was known the use of letters, and the Amautas taught 
astrology and the art of writing on leaves of the plantain tree. 
The fourth in order was Sinchi-Cozque, who won great viclories 
and adorned and fortified the city of Cuzco. Tnti-Caiiac-Yu- 
pani|ui was another remarkable character. He divided the 
kingdom into districts and .sub-districts, introduced a complete 
civil organization, arranged the calendar into the solar year of 
three hundred and and sixty-five days, and established the sys- 
tem of couriers. ^laneo-Capac II. made great roads from 
Cuzco to the provinces. Nothing special is noted in the next 
thirteen reigns. Civil affairs received attention, a few con- 
i|ueiits were made, and a great jilague is mentioned (See Book 
cf 3Ioruion, verse :!, page ]?,S!). 

The twentieth king was Huasear-Titupac, who gave all the 
provinces new governors of royal blood, and armed his soldiers 
with a cuirass made of cotton and copper. The twenty-first 
king was Maneo Cajiac Amauta. He was an astronomer and 
"convened a scientific council which agreed tv.atthe sun was at 
a greater distance from the earth than the moon, and that they 
followed different courses." During the trnxt twelve reigns 
wars, conquests, and religious controversies ai'e noted. Aj-tty- 
Manco, the thirty-fourib king, as-serabled the Amautas in Cuzco 
to reform the calendar and it was decided that the year should 
be divided into months of thirty days, and weeks of ten days, 
calli.og the five days at the end of the year a small week. 
They also collected the years into decades of ten's, calling each 
group of ten decades a sun. ( >f the next twenty-nine kings. 
Capac-Raymi Amauta, the thirty-eighth of the line, and 
Yahuar Huquiz, the fifty-first, were "celebrated for astronom- 
ical knowledge." The latter "intercalated a year at the end 
of fimr centuries." Manco-Capae TIL, the sixtieth .sovereign, 
is suppose -1 to have lived at the beginning of the Chri.stian 
era. In his time "Peru had reached her greatest elevation 
and exteu.sion." The reigns of the next three kings covered 
thirty-two years. Titu Yupanqui Pachacuti, the thirty fourth, 
was the last sovereign of the old kingdom: he was kill.d in 
battle with a host of invaders who came from the east and 
south-east, llisdcath threw the whole kingdom into confusion. 
There was a rebellion as well as an invasion by which the empire 
was broken up info small states. Mnny ambitious ones taking 
advantage of the new king's youth denied him obedience, drew 
away from liim the people and u-urp<'d sever.d provinces. 
Tlio.se who remained faithful to the heir of Titu Yupanqui 
conducted him to Tambotoco, whose inhabitants offered hiin 
obedience. From this it hajipcned that this monarch took the 
title of king of Tambotoco. During the next twenty-six 
reigns the government of the old royal hou«e was centered in 
this little state; in fact these twenty-six kings were merely kings 
of Tambotoco Tyrants over-ran the country, civil war pre- 
vailed, the whole country was in disorder, invaders attacked 
and despoiled province after province, life and personal safety 
were endangered, the p'X)|ile lost confi.lence in one and the 
other until by these disturbances the use of letters was lost. 
"The art of writing seems to have been mixed up with the 
issues of a religious controversy in tlie time of the old king- 
dom." (Baldwin). 

Daring this unsettled time writing was proscribed even in 
e little state of Tambotoco. The fourteenth ruler (of tin 



twenty-six) "prohibited under the severest penalties, the use of 
(jvrlica for writing and forbade also, the inveniion of letters." 
Quellca was plantain leaves made into a kind of parchment. 
It is said that one -\mauta was put to death for attempting the 
restoration of the art of writing. This jieriod of decline" and 
disorder was the dark age of Peru, aJid lasted until the rise of 
the Incas, who restored order and reunited the country. 

'We have given but a skeleton sketch, a mere outline, of Peru 
vian history, as related by Monte^nos. Let the earnest 
en(|uirer read- that portion of the Book of Mormon contained 
in the books of Jacob. Enos, Jarom, Omni, Alm.a, Helaman 
and his son Nephi, and he can discern almost a parallel state- 
ment of facts by the two histories. Some may object to the 
dissimilarity of names; but this has no weight, being a well 
understood and frecment occurrence in .sacred and secular writ- 
ings, although there is a striking similarity in the pronuncia- 
tion ot the third king', name, Huainaevi, ( Ifa-a/H-e-i;;') and 
Nephi. We use it as no argument judging that there 
is enough and more abundant proof in the body of the two 
histories; always recollecting that the sacred history is but a 
condensed record of the religious progress of the country, and 
that Montesinos, on his part, gleaned his knowlcege from those 
who lived ages after the event related had transpired, and con- 
sequently c^uild get but a faint and imperfect vcr-ion— mere dim 
and indistinct outlines of the early Peruvian history. 
( To he L'nntimi^il. ) 



I. 




A « 1 1 P It 



BY HTOII KNOUOH. 



C H A P T E B III, 



HKRE we are, ourselves once again, and now feel like warrioils 
ready tor the fray; that is, we are prepared to do justice 
to all the good things that iTiay be placed before us in the way 
of eatables, and feel prejiared to enjoy our voyage with right 
good will. 

Let us hasten on deck. What a glorious sight surround- us! 
The sea, the sea, the open sea is on every side, and not a speck 
of land anywhere to be seen. Are you afraid? i trust not 
much, for the sailors tell us it is only when nearing land that 
there is any danger — that out on the open sea they are at home 
and in safety. Look un! What a beautiful sky! and see, 
what a numlier of large birds are skimming around and hover- 
ing over the ship, ''"hey are sea-gulls, and are following us for 
what food they can pick up. What are those dark, big things 
rolling and i)itchiiig in the water? there must be thousands of 
them. Porpoises, my boy, porpoises, fat and harmless. 

\\'hat are those sailors doing at the stern of the ve.ssel? 
They have a strong line witli a large hook at the end on which 
is a large piece of pork. They drop it over the stern. Watch ! 
( ) see that monster with fierce looking eyes and dreadful mouth 
how he darts at the bait! Yes, that is a shark, and if you 
wait awhile, perhaps they will hook him and haul him on deck. 
Ah ! they have him at last and what a number of men it takes 
to haul him on deck! Keep out of the way of danger, for 
sharks are the most .savage and desperate of ail fish. They 
have him on deck now. and are striking him with hatchets and 
hand sjiikes How he struggles and snaps at the' men with 
his great mouth. He is dead at last, and now they are measur- 
ing him — twelve feet from head ti tail — and now a man 




p^ 



J"TJ"VElsriXjE IIsrSTK^TJCTOie/. 




cutting him open, and see what the man discovers — nails, 
buttons, an open jack knife and parts of a sailor's shirt and 
pants. Bo they not tell a dreadful story? Let us leave the 
horriJ sight — clear evidence of the fate of some poor sailor. 

What is that boy doing high up in the rigging of the ship? 
He is reefing the sails, for if you look out yonder in the far 
distance you will see a cloud not bigger in appearance than 
your hand, and the captain knows by experience that it foretells 
a storm, and so he is having all things made taut. See how 
quickly the cloud approaches, and how it increases in size, and 
what a wind is springing up! But that boy up aloft don't 
mind it in the least, he is singing away quite merrily. What 
are you writing in your note book? Some verses, eh? Well, 
please to let us hear them, what are they about? 

THE SAILOR BOr ALOFT. 




Up, up and far aluft, 
The sturdy sea boy swings; 
He knows no fear or danger, 
As merrily he sirgs. 
How readilv he answers 
To the officer's sharp call; 
Heeds not the sturm and tempest. 
Whatever may befal. 

He reeves the ropes as nimbly 
As maiden doth her thread, 
And marks his steps as surely 
As she on land would tread; 
To landsmen 't looks fearful. 
But he, child of the sea. 
It is his pride and pleasure. 
And his free choice to be. 

What maj- he there be thinking 
High dangling in the air? 
Perhaps fur dear ones far away. 
To heaven he breathes a prayer. 
As their images he lancies 
Reflected in the wave. 
Let's trust that bright blue mirror 
Be not his early arave. 

Perhaps he is an orphan, 
And from want to sea did go; 
No friends to greet him kindly. 
Or affection to him show. 
A l<ind wurd to a lone heart 
A savior doth prove oft, 
Then let us bn^ath a blessing 
For the sailor boy aloft. 

Hold tight! or you will be dashed to the other side of the 
vessel. O, what a ducking ! Why, the waves dash right over 
the .ship, although it is as high as a two story house. What 
a gale is blowing, and what a bight the waves now are! They 
are as big as our Tabernacle in Salt Lake (_'ity. What a hcliJ- 
less little thing our big ship now appears, contesting with the 
mighty waves! T^gh! We have shipped another big sea and 
we are all like drowned rats, so, before we are wa.^hcd over- 
board, let us scramble down below and turn into bunk for the 
night. Ah! now we are snug, as now we go up, and now we 
go down, roll to the right and then to the left; a baby's cradle 
is nothing to it. At one nionicnt the floor is the w;ill, and at 
another the wall is the floor. Talk about being shook well up, 
now is the time to realize tlie benelits and conif'oi-ts of a bunk 
at .sea, for wc will soon be rocked to sleep, and then dieani the 
hajipy hours away, .seeing visions of the loved ones we have 
left far awai' in our dear mountain hon)e. 

W'oll, last night was a pretty rough go, wasn't it? But now 
(■ clenKnt.i are at rest and wc can venture on deck once more 



in safety. J'hew ! how warm it is ! We must take off the 
clothes we are wearing and put on some linen ones, for we are 
fast approaching the tropics; that is, that belt or strip bordering 
on the ecjuator, and that is the hottest part of the earth, for 
there the sun's rays come down vertically. The sailors are 
putting up awnings on deck to shelter us from the heat. 
dear! a baker's oven is nothing in comparison, we shall be 
roasted alive. 

Come here, and look as far as you can right ahead ! Do you 
see that dark line in the horizon, looking like a cloud on the 
water? That is land — the Sandwich or Hawaiian Islands, of 
which you have heard so much. Let us watch from time to 
time. See ! it now looks as if the land was rising out of the 
sea ! Is not that a pretty good jiroof the world is round like 
a Dutchman's cheese, and not flat like a slapjack? Now we 
see the outlines of the moimtains; and again looking, after a 
while, with the help of a telescope we see trees and houses. 
The distance at sea is very deceitful, for although the land 
looks so near we are nearly forty miles from shore, and it will 
be about four hours before we lay alongside the wharf at 
Honolulu. Hurrah r to night we will sleep in Honolulu, the 
land of perpetual summer — the land of the banana, the orange 
and the pine-apple. 



;0rres|j0iiiletue. 



Salt Lake City, 

January 17, 187fi. 
Editor Juvinile Instructor: 

Dear Brother : — I thought it would be interesting 
to our youth to give a brief statement of the results of my visit to 
our northern settlements, to collect fossils and rocks for the geo- 
logical department of the Deseret Museum. 

It is many years since I visi'-.ed the north, and I went there now- 
full of expectation that I might be successful in finding something 
useful in the interest of science 

On visiting the iiuarry atHarapton I was surprised and delighted 
to find a large number of fossils, casts of shells of several varieties. 
I- saw at once that they were frenh water species; I brought down 
a large number of specimens which have since been examined and 
they prove to belong to comparatively recent genera. 

I also went to Logan Canj-ons and was fortunate enough to break 
off from the rock itself specimens of fossil sea weed, such as arc 
called fucoids; these prove the great antiipiify of the rock m which 
they were found. Besides these, several specimens of ancient corals 
and shells belonging to the carboniferous epoch were obtained. 
Thi^se were scattered about as they may be found by any who vi.-it 
that canon. 

I also visited Ogden canon ond obtaineil fine spi'eimens of iron 
are from one of the mines; I did not succeed in obtaningany of tlio 
envious c(nicretiOns that are found therein the neighborhood of the 
thermal springs: these concretions lani inroi'med have their origin 
in tlie large amount of lime which is held in solution in the water. 
Alinutc pebbles arc covered round with the lime, and these are 
afterward cemented together like large grapes; >(imc of the boys 
call them "jietrified luUs." 

1 must not forget to mention a vcy interesting little insect! 
ri>und in Ogden canyon. On arivingat the iron mine wc found the 
snow 1(1 be fo\ir feet deep, on the surface of wliich I noticed .some 
very minute, black, s|)ccks, which on examination I proved to bo 
11 little Ilea beetle, belonging to the genus lliiltica. Theri' seemed to 
be ntillions of them all liojiping and walUiiijj about on the .snow 
enjoying thcinselvi's lirst iduos. 

Yours Bcspc'cllnlly. 
' W. I). .loMNsoy, .ll! 




is^- 



so 



J"^EnsriI-.E I IsT.S T I?/ TJ O T O I?; 




Dtc; lltttenili^ Inslrudmi* 



OEOROE a. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1876. 



EIDITOI?.IJ^Tj thzoxjo-hits. 





•EW parents, even among the Latter-day 
Saints, attach sufficient importance to the 
early training of their children, especially 
in matters of religion, and faith in God 
and His promises. That many of the 
Latter-day Saints are remiss in this one 
particular, though, is not owing to the 
fact that they feel no interest in the future 
welfare of their children and have no desire 
see them grow up to be strong in faith and 
diant ibr the cause of God; but rather that 
,ey do not fully realize the force and effect of 
rly training upon a person, in shaping his 
..,.,o..audforminshischavacter for life. They know 
thatThey live at a period when God has set up His 
kingdom for the last time upon the earth, and that they 
are members of that kingdom, and they are generally 
ambitious that their children should grow up in the 
faith, and never forsake that kingdom; but they do not always 
realize that in order to insure against their losing the faith, 
it is necessary to implant within their hearts almost in their 
infancy and cultivate in them as they grow up, a love for the 
principles of their religion, and a firm and enduring faith in God. 
If the Latter-day Saints devoted sufficient attention to this 
one particular and always set their children an example con- 
sistent with their profession such a thing as infidelity or skepti- 
cism would not be known among the rising generation. AYhcu 
children so trained arrived at years of maturity they would 
have such an understanding of the principles of their religion, 
and their faith in God and in His revealed laws would be .so 
strong, that no power on earth could shake their faith. 

While such a result might lie brought about by training the 
children in the way indicated, an entirely oppo.site result may 
be produced by implanting within their minds in their child- 
hood and cultivating in; them as they grow up a spirit of un- 
belief and erroneous ideas in regard to religion. The chances 
are that those early impressions would continue with them and 
influence their actions throughout the whole of their lives. 
And even if they should become convinced in the later 
period of their lives of the fallacy of their early teachings, they 
would still be apt to feel the effect of them as if they had 
become a part of their very natures. 

The Catholics, perhaps more than any other religious sect of 
the present day pay particular attention to the early training of 
their children, and we see a-i a result how very few Catholics 
have ever bam converted to the faith of the Latter-day Saints. 
The effect of their early training in Catholicism is such that it 
has so far .seemed almost impossible to make steadfast, faith- 
ful Latter-day Saints out of persons who have been so trained 
in that faith. 

We have an excellent illustration of the effect of early train- 
ing given us in the Rook of Alma (Rook of 3Iormon). We 
read there that a certain party of Lamanites, called the people 
of Amnion, had "by the power and word of God been 
converted unto the Lord," and had taken an oath that they 



never would .shed any more blood. So sacred and binding did 
they consider this oath that they would have suffered the 
other Lamanites, who were then at war with the Nephites, to 
kill them, rather than break their oath. This being the 
case they were at the mercy of the hostile Lamanites, and so 
the Nephites took them under their protection. The war con- 
tinued to rage between the two nations, until finally the Ne- 
phites were reduced to a great strait for want of men to defend 
their cities, and the Lamanites had gained ground upon theiu 
and taken possession of a number of their cities. The people 
of Ammon, seeing the dangerous condition of their protectors, 
and feeling, doubtless, that they were partially the cau.se of it, 
through having allowed the Nephites to protect them, were 
constrained to break the covenant which they made and take 
up their weapons to assist the Nephites. They were, however, 
counseled not to do so; but they had a great many sons grow- 
ing up who had not taken the oath not to fight, and the.'e 
boys or as many of them as were able to bear arms assembled 
themselves together and entered into covenant to fight in the 
the defense of their friends, the Nephites. Now,, though 
these striplings of boys were without experience in fighting, 
they had been trained from their infancy to have faith in God, 
and in the religion of their parents, so much so that they said 
among them-e'.ve^ "behold our God is with us, and he will not 
suffer that we should fall; then let us go forth." And they 
did go forth, to the number of two thousand, and though 
they were very young, it is said they were very valiant and 
courageous, so much so that their leader. Helaman, who famil- 
iarly called the boys all his sons, said, "Never had I seen so great 
courage, nay, not even amongst the Nephites." Rut this was 
not all that distinguished them. As the effect of their early 
trainins, we read that "they were true at all times in what 
ever thing they were entrusted, yea, they were men of truth 
and soberness, for they had been taught to keep the com- 
mandments of God, and to walk upright before Him." These 
were qualities that would make them valu.ible soldiers; and 
that is not all, they would make them good citizens and good 
members of society, and ecpially valuable in anj' vocation in 
which they might be called to act. 

We may regard this result as wholly due to the example 
and teachings these I. oys had received from their parcnt^^, 
especially from their mothers, for we read thiit ''they had 
been taught by their mothers that if they did nut doubt, that 
God would deliver them;" and also that they rehearsed the 
words of their mothers to their leader when they were going 
to war; and no doubt they relied as implicitly on those words 
as they would have done if they had come from (i id. 

Relying upon God as they did. and having no fear of death, 
but rather a determination to preserve theii- parents and 
friends from their enemies, it is not surprising that their 
leader should say afterwards that "never were men known to 
have fought with such miraculous strength, and with such 
mighty power." The sequel proved that their faith was well 
founded, for when they were numbered after the battle was 
over it was found that not one of them had been killed. 



A Good Conscience.— How bravely a man can walk the 
earth, bear the heaviest burdens, perform the heaviest duties, 
and look all men in the face, if he only bears in his breast a 
clear conscience, void of offense before God and man. There 
is no spring, no spur, no inspiration like this. To feel that we 
have omitted no task, and left no obligation undischarged. 
This indeed fills the heart with satisfaction and the soul with 
strength. 




i)y- 



J-TJ^EIsriLEI JISrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



31 



vTxjXjEis a- e I?. .a. s. id . 




IN our last number we gave our readers a sketch on the subject 
of lion hunting in Algiers, and an account of one of Jules 
Gerard's exploits in hunting the king of the forest. In the 
present nutaber we give you a picture of that brave hunter and 
the story of his pet lion. 

Once the people of a village sent a message to Gerard saying 
that a lioness and her cubs were in the adjacent forest, and she 
was making terrible havoc among their cattle. Thf courageous 
man told them he would rid them of their greatenemy, although 



at his throat. It was about eight o'clock when he heard the 
rustling of leaves and heavy steps drawing near. Was this the 
lioness coming at last? He waited breathlessly— waited to kill 
her with a close shot when her fiery eyes would show them- 
selves. But if he missed that one chance, he was a doomed man. 
Any moment he might hear her infuriated roar. 

Hark ! what was that ? Only the low plaintive cry of a hungry 
little cub, seeking for food. Soon the leaves parted, and he 
saw its small bright eyes. Gerard, thoroughly amused at the 
excitement it had caused him, captured it easily. He wrapped 
it in the skirts of his large cloak, and carried it away with him. 





he had just he;ird how a lioness that had little ones to take circ 
of had torn two men limb from limb but a short time before. 

He entered the forest, and before he had walked far niiioiig 
the trees he found one of the cubs lying snugly on a bed of fillcn 
leaves. It was a youne lioness, only the size of a very large cat. 
He took it aw:iy to iheJoitur, and about sunset returned to the 
forest. It was a February evening, and darkness came on 
((uickly. At last it was night, and still Gerald stood leaning 
against a tree, too tired to hold his guti in posit'on lor fifing, 
and expecting every niomcMit to seethe gluwing eyes of the 
lioness; while his imagination led him to fancy that she was ever 
sc to him, unperceived in the darkness, preparing to spiing 



-Many times as he walked on he was startled by the distant 
cries and roars of wild lieasts. Sometimes he fancied that the 
liciness was jiursuing him to get back her little one. But after 
lliree or lour hours, he reached the doii'ir in .safety, and going 
into one of the tents, examiiicd liis burden. 

It was a young lion, larger than tlie other cub, ami Car ham'.- 
somer. The soldier called him "Hubert." 

The two animals were very different in character. The small 
lioness hid herself as best .she could, and .scratched viciously 
whatever baud came near her; but Hubert remained sitting up 
or stielcbed before the lire, while the wonu-ii seemed never to 
lire iif iialling and caressing hlin. l>y anil-liy a goat w 





3S 



JT7"VElSriX.E IltTSTI^TJCTOI?.. 




brought in, and Hubert was fed with its milk ; and when 
Gerard laid down to rest that night, he drew the young lion 
into his arms, covered him up with his cloak, and they slept 
together quite comfortabl.v until morning. 

Next day, a useless search for the old lioness was made all 
through the surrounding country. She was gone. When the 
first cub had been stolen from her out of the forest, she had left 
the second to its fate, and taken a third away with her. When 
(lerard heard this, he left the doiiar^ and, with his two pets, 
went back to the ennip at (ruelma. 

In a short time the little lioness died ; but Hubert throve 
wonderfully. Before long he was able to consume daily the 
milk of several goats, and he was growing up high-spirited, and 
strong and handsome. 

He was a general favorite with the soldiers, but he did not 
care for everybody. He onlj* bestowed his affection on his 
master and three others — the trumpeter of the regiment, the 
farrier, and an Arab soldier. Occasionally his fierce nature 
broke out ; for it is recorded in the book in which the soldiers 
wrote down all his remarkable doings, that when he was only 
seven or eight months old, he escaped into the market-place of 
Guelma, and, frightening away the Arabs, killed several sheep 
and a donkey. After this, instead of being allowed to go free 
about the camp, he was chained in a sort of sentry-box at the 
entrance of the stables. 

But such a chain was as nothing to the strength of this 
.splendid animal. One day a robber crei)t in among the horses. 
The lion on guard broke loose and seized him; and then taking 
his prisoner back with him into his box, he gave him up, much 
torn, when the officer came on his rounds of inspection. He 
was now secured by two chains. A few months after, he showed 
himself still fiercer; and when ho had strangled a horse, and 
attacked and torn two soldiers, they considered it time to keeji 
him in a cage. And yet he was gentle and affectionate as ever 
to his few cho.sen frieud.s. 

Sometimes, at night, when every one else was out of the way, 
Jules Gei-ard would come and open the cage door. Then his 
noble favorite, bounding out, would frisk about him like a 
dog, or clasp him between soft but heavy paws, and hug him 
with all joy and affection. Never did he let his terrible claws 
protrude, never showed his teeth ; but one night he gave his 
master such a tight embrace, that some soldiers had to rescue 
him when he was almo.st suffocated. After that ho discontinued 
his visits to the cage; but he saw with sorrow that the poor 
beast was becoming savage and morose from long confine- 
ment. 

It was at this time that an ofiieer wanred to buy Hubert for 
the King of Sardinia. The price offered was equal to six 
hundred dollars. Jules frerard refused. He would not sell 
his favorite, yet he gave him away. The Due d'Aumale, ong 
of the French princes, had shown Gerard much kindness, and 
he was at the time making a collection of animals for gardens 
at Algiers; so Hubert was offered to him, and accepted. But 
the lion was so large and so handsome, that the Duke .sent him 
to the J'anlin dcs I'lanfes — the Zoological Gardens of Paris — 
and Jules (lerard was asked to see him in safety over to 
France. 

During the voyage he was sometimes let out of his cage. 
Sfong ropes were stretched across the deck to prevent the 
sailors from coming too near; then Gerard would ojien the door 
of the cage, and let him out. though still fastened by a chain. 
These visits always ended in the feeding of the lion. At each 
meal he was given a large piece of meat, ten pounds or so at a 
time, and when he had finished it would lie down at his ease in 
the sun. 



The ship reached France. Hubert was left at Marseilles, 
while the soldier went on to see his friends. When he returned, 
he found the captive lion altered already, looking melancholy 
and miserable; and when he turned to go away, he heard him 
roaring furiously, and bounding in his cage. He went back, 
and in a moment the animal was quiet, lying down close to the 
bars; and while he patted him with his hand Hubert fell asleep- 
Then Gerard stole away, and left him. 

It was three months before he saw the lion again. Then he 
was in Paris, and went with some friends to the Zoological 
Gardens. Hubert was lying down, looking out dreamily from 
behind the bars at the crowds of people moving slowly by ; but 
before long he perceived his old master's presence. Gerard 
put his hand in'o the cage. The lion .smelt at it, looking at 
him intently. But when he heard the well-known voice say, 
"Hubert, my old soldier!" he sprang up, and with one bound 
dashed his weight against the shaking and groaning bars. 

The crowd drew back, startled ; and the lion, still clinging to 
the front of his cage, was at one time roaring with joy or with 
rage tnat he could not rush out, and gambol round his master, 
as he did long ago; at another time ho was quietly licking the 
.soldier's hand with his great rough tongue. 

But at last Gerard could stay no longer ; yet each time he 
turned away, the lion, roaring, and rushing against his bars, 
obliged him to come back. Over and over again he went to a 
little distance, and returned, trying to make his poor favorite 
understand that he would come again to visit him ; but time 
after time the noble animal, in his rage and grief, made the 
whole gallery resound and shake. 

After that day Gerard went often to the gardens; but he 
knew that the lion was pining away. The keepers .said it had a 
bad effect on him to see his master so often — it induced melan- 
choly. He should let a longer time go by between his 
visits. 

He went there next in tha month of May. He hastened into 
the gallery where his favourite was kept; but before he reached 
the cage, a keeper stopped him, and, looking at him rather 
sadly, said, '"Sir, you need not come again — your poor Hubert 
is dead !" 




.A. AT TSionsr. 



BY G. W. IHLL. 



A(iREFAP>LE to promise, I will relate a vision that one of my 
old friends, a Bannock Indian, had about the first of last 
October. 

Old Wash-a-ti-vo's oldest son was going on a visit to the 
Nez Peives when this vision was .shown to him. Wash-a-ti-vo 
was a friend to the Nez Perces; ho u.sed to go with them to the 
buffalo country and fought side by side with them, against the 
Black Feet, on many a well contested battle field. This being 
the case, his son felt as if he would like to visit these old friends, 
the Nez Perces, not having seen them for some time, and 
spend the winter with them. 

While ui)on this journey he passed some four or five days 
without food, after which he came upon a very fit buffalo in 
the most unlikely place for a buffalo to be found, there having 
been none seen in that region for years. He killed the animal, 
and cooked and ate as much as he could of the meat, and then 
cut off suflicient to last him the rest of the journey, and started 
on. He had not proceeded very far when a personage ajiiieared 
to him, in the open day, and told him he was a father of the 
Indians, and give him a small'stick covered with some kind 





r-^T-^EisriLEi insrsTK^TJOToi?. 



33 




writing, which he said was tl.e writing of the forefathers of 
these Inilians. He also told him that there wasauotherone of 
their forefathers coming, and they would see him. Hecharced 
him solemnly to send an account to all the Indians of what he 
should see and hoar that day, and hide nothing from them. He 
then waved his hand, and it seemed as if a door opened, and he 
could see the nations of the dead. It .seeuied to him as if he 
could see as far as from Oijden to Salt Lake, and they were 
standing as thick as they could be. The Indian had no idea 
that there had ever heen so man.y of his race. They were 
shaking hands and hugging one another as if they had been 
scjiarated for a long time and were very glad to see one another. 
The personage told him these were enemies when they lived, 
and had been killed by their brethren. After he had looki-d at 
this .scene for abouthalf anhour the personage waved his hand, 
and the door was shut. He then talked to thelLndian and told 
him what he mu.st say to the other Indians. He told him that 
when he made known to the Indians that ho had seen him they 
would say he lied, that no person had seen the Indians' fathc-, 
for a long time; and that he must then ask them to send a 
delegation with ,i_5 



him to see the 
same, and for 
him to bring 
them to the 
same place, and 
they should see 
for then)sclves. 
After talking to 
him for some 
time about his 
duties, the per- 
sonage waved 
his hand again 
as at first, when 
the door was 
again opened, 
and lie beheld a 
second time, his 
foretiithors who 
had died or been 
killed; after 
which the door 
was clo.-ed and 

the same teachings he had before receive 1 were repca 
the personage disappeared 



A council was then held by the chiefs of the Flat-Heads, 
Toke-e-rick-ers and Nez Perces, on the subject, and they finally 
concluded to gci with the Bannock; so al^'outtwentyofrhechief's 
got ready and .started, telling rheir Indians as they left them 
that they were going where Wash-a-ti-vo's boy said for th^m 
to go. and stop where he told them to stop; and they wnuld 
wait there, and if their father diil not come to «ee ihcin thev 



would return in the fall; but if he did. 



.'ht 



till 



tney might stay 
spring. 

The Indians .say that the party have not returned, nor even 
been heard from, but they are looking aniously for news fnun 
them early in the s]iring, 

■»«-..o.. .» 



BV BETH. 



\> hew 



iin Tni 



( Comlwhil. ) 
lian wants to catc-h a ]iarrot wit'iouf hu'tingit. 




:d, whi 




The Indian proceeded on his journey, but felt very faint and 
sick ; so much .so that when he arrived at the Nez Pi'rces camp 
he was reduced to a mere skeleton. Soon after his arrival the 
chiefs of the Nez Perces came together, and aftei' the pipe hail 
passed they wanted to hear the news from the Sbo-sho-nec 
country, but he could think only of his vi-ior. which, when be 
related it to them, they were not disposed to 1 e.ieve, but tuM 
him that he lied. They dec! ired that no per.son had .seen the 
Indians' father, not their dead ancestors either. He th^'u asked 
them if they believed he had killed a buffalo near the place 
where he had .seen the vision. They replied that they knew 
he had not ; if he had killed anything it must have been a white 
man's cow. He then produced some of the meat he had brought 
with him, and asked the head chief to taste it, and satisfy him- 
self as to whether it was buffalo meat or not. The chief tasted 
of it and pronounced it buffalo meat, and then pas.sed it around 
the circle for all the chiefs to taste, and they all decldcii tlu^ 
same. The Bannock then told ihem to get ready and go with 

m, and they should see and hear for theiiLselves. 



o to the forest, an 1 perliajis light a fire near a 

tree where the 
birds are iiercti- 
ed. In this he 
will r h r w 
ilants which 
have the effect 
(if stupefying 
the parrots, 
which will dr >p 
senseless at his 
feet; these he 
"vill gather up 
and cany off to 
> e 1 1 . S m e - 
tjmes, if they 
are young green- 
jilumaired bird.*:, 
le will not think 
t h c m >ho wy 
enouiih, and will 
pull out the 
growing feath- 
ers, and rub the 
.skin with a dye 
which will cause the next feathers to grow red or yellow. A 
cruel way, you will think, to get a tine dress; but I suppose it 
is on the principle that fine feathers make fine bir'Is. 

Sometimes, insteail of smoking them out, he will shin^t the 
pretty creatures with liliint arrows, which only stun them for a 
time, then he car^ie^ them home, and tries to teach them to talk. 
If you could .see them in their native country .\ou would find 
that they are very much dreaded by the farmers, for they ire 
always cm the watch to holp them.selves from the fruit-tree.«; 
they will come settlini: down liko a beautiful fairy like stream 
of color.s— green, red, ''luc white— chattering, screaming, 
piliiiiL' with delight; they will settle on the fruit or rice groves, 
and perk and break and st^'al until they have <lone a groat 
deal of damau'e, though they arc ^liot at ;mi 1 r:iUL'ht in traps 
as much as possible, for the nativo hate the -itdit olilicm. 
because of the damage they do. 

A green paroiiuet at flu- .Mu>cuin gives perfect utterance to 
"I'oliy wants acra-ker." he c ilU lie chi -kens; "coop, coop, 
COO))," imitates the inewiiiL: of a cm, says "pretty Polly, 
c»ills the name of the alt.'U dan!. ;in 1 -ing^ very prettily -'.Ml 
are talking of I'tah." 





34 



jrTj-VE13^II-.E] IISrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 




THE 



■y I ILi Xj ^ C3- E . 



From CJiamhers' Miscellany. 




iContirmed.) 

E.vcoTRA(iED by the interest whiet he appeareil tohavoex nted, 
Oswald next spoke of the indiflferenee of the parson; but liore 
he struck a wrong chord. Looking sternly at his visitor, and 
his neatl}- tied queue ahuost bristhng with indignation, the old 
man called on him to stop his false accusations. "You ill- 
mannered rascal," said he, "do you imagine I can sit here to 
listen to your revilements of all authoiities, spiritual as well as 
temporal! I suppose you are one of those discontented, fault- 
finding wretches who are never at rest, but would turn every- 
thing topsy-turvy ! Away with you and your catalogue of 
grievances, or I will send you to the house ot coi'rection ! Your 
clergyman, .so far from being what j'ou represent him, is one 
of the best of men, for he is my own cousin !" 

After thi:; rebuff, Oswald had not the courage to apidy 
elsewhere on the subject, and he returned sorrowfully to the 
village. 

On arriving at (roldenthal, in the afternoon, Oswald told no 
one of the bad result of his journey, but put on a cheerful 
face, and spoke in a friendly way to those whom he met, even 
to his worst enemy. Brenzel, the host of the Lion^ who was 
majestically standing with folded arms at the tavern-door. 

'•Good evening, neighbor Brenzel," said Oswald; "you have 
soon done your day's work." 

"I think I deserve my day's wages at all events," said 
Brenzel, "if T stay at home only to drive the beggars from my 
door. ' ' ii 

Oswald was disgusted as he heard this unfeeling speech from 
the man, and, without any further conversation, hastCTcd 
homeward. He was cheered when, approachins the mill, he 
found Elizabeth: the daughter of Siegfried the miller, sitting 
in the shadow of the cherry tree, at the front of the house, and 
sewing. Though he endeavored to appear cheerful, she saw 
that he was sorrowful at heart, and earnestly questioned him of 
the cause of his grief. ''You have been over to the town, 
said she. "and have seen what you like better than anything at 
(loldenthal, and now you will not be able to remain with us." 

Then O.swald explained to her the cause of his sorrow. He 
did not mean to leave Goldenthal; but the deterioration of ihe 
l)lacc had grieved him deeply, and he could find none disposed 
t") assist him in the work of reformation. As he spoke of the 
sad habits of the villagers, Elizabeth replied: "We have just 
had another instance. Our old schoolmaster, who, you know, 
was a dissipated character, is drowned. Coming home tipsy 
from the /vj^^r^ befell into the i^onil by the roadside, and was 
fouml only after life was extinct. I lapjnly, he has left neither 
wife nor child. " • 

This news seemed to affect Oswald in no small degree. He 
became studious after hearing it, and went home full of thought. 
Elizabeth could not guess what great matter he was considering, 
but she discovered it the following Sunday. After service, the 
parishioners were called tosethcr to elect a new schoolmaster. 
Oswald attended the meeting. The miller, at the suggestion 
of his daughter Elizabeth, stood at the side of 0,wald, ready 
to check him whenever his indignation wasindanger ofutteiing 
it.self too strongly. 

The first of the parish authoritie.?, Mr. Brenzel, opened the 
meeting by a speech. As the office ofschoolmaster was vacant, 
and was one of the least imjiortant in the parish (for the salary 
was only forty iruilders a j'ear, — or $l.").2ii|]he wa; huii]iy to be 



a' lie to recommend to the parish a suitable man, willing to fill 
the place. This was the tailor, Mr. Specht, whose trade was 
very dull, and who was, moreover, related to him, the .speaker, 
on the mother's side. 

The host of the Earjle came forward to propo,se, as an amend- 
ment, that his poor cousin Schluck, a lame fiddler, should fill 
the office ; for he was willing to do it, considering the jioverty 
of the parish, for a .salary of only thirtj'-five guilders per annum. 
In weighing the qualifications of the candidates, he hojied it 
would be remembered that Mr. Schluck had a large family. 
This, with the fact of the saving of five guilders, would doubtless 
influence the votes of the parishioners. 

Specht the tailor, as he saw that many of the voters were 
very much taken with this tempting offer, came forward to give 
the fiddler a very bad character, and, further, offered to per- 
form all the duties of the office at a salary of only thirty guililers 
At this the fiddler was so enraged, that he called the tailor by 
many most disgraceful names, and again offered himself at a 
reduced salary: twenty-five guilders would be enough for him. 
The tailor, who could noi go below this, declared he would call 
Schluck before the magistrate to answer for the libels he had 
uttered, and so gave up further coiUijetition. 

The voters were accordingly prepared to install the fiddler in 
the office of sciioohnaster, when 0.5wald stood forward and 
spoke: "What! will you give more to your cow-herd, and even 
to your swine-herd, than to the man to whom you would confide 
the instruction of your children in piety and useful knowledge'? 
Are you not a,hauied of such a sin'.'' I know your jiarish purse 
is eiu])ty ; and the poor people, who can hardly gain potatoes 
and .salt, let alone bread, cannot afford to pay for .schooling. I 
will make a third offer : I will he your schoolmaster, and demand 
no salary. It shall not cost the parish a farthing: only let me 
have the place." The Goldenthalcrs looked at each other in 
amazement. Some objeetod to the proposal : they did not know 
what such a man would teach their children: perhaps the black 
art! But the majority in the meeting considered chiefly the 
sav.ng of twenty-five guilders yearly, and cried out that Oswald 
should by all means be the schoolmastei. Accordingly, he was 
elected. 

Elizabeth heard the result of the meeting, and felt as if she 
must sink into the earth with shame and confusion. No wonder; 
for, next to the watchman and the .swine herd, no man in the 
village held an office so low in estimation as that of the school- 
master. Even the sensible inil'er, Siegfried, shook his head, 



id said : "O.swald must have io.-t his se 



But Oswald 



had formed his plan, and kept to his determination. He form- 
ally pas.sed an examination; and as he could write a good hand, 
and knew something more of accounts than a peasant needed 
he was ccn-idered eligible, and appointed, by the authoritie-i 
of the neighboring town, schoolmaster at (loldenthal. But 
now he had to convince his friends of the propriety of his )ilan. 

"Elizabeth." said he, "do not despair of my undertaking, 
nor count it a folly. You see we can do little for the old people; 
let us begin with the young ones, and try what we can do with 
them. A village schoohjiastor's is indeed adespiscd office; but 
our religion teaches us to remember how low the Savior 
stooped to teach mankind. If our rulers and great men had a 
better understanding, they would be more careful about the 
api)ointment of country schoolmasters than of the professors in 
our colleges. But lowly matters are too much neglected ; and 
the consequence is, the nation seems top-htavy, and even throi;es 
stand upon an insecure foundation." 

Having formed his resolutions, Oswald was not the man to 
•shrink from what he considered his duty. It was no doubt a 
thankless task he was undertsTking; but it is no true benev 





CrTJVE]IsriI_,El IIsTSTI^TJCTOI?.. 



35 




lenee whicli looks about for thanks. Conscious that he was 
doing good to the best of his ability, he felt that his reward 
would consist in seeing his ends accomplished. With no fear 
of the result, he made preparations forcommencing the profes- 
sion of teacher, and when winter came on, he opened his school. 
On the first day, he placed himself at the door of the school- 
house, and received the children with kind attention. Some 
had muddy shoes, and he bade them clean them before they 
entered the decent school-room. He shook hands with all 
who came in cleanly style, but turned away the dirty hands to 
be washed. Some came with hair uncombed and matted, and 
were sent home to use comb and brush. But all who came 
combed and washed, received from their new teacher a kiss on 
the brow. The boys and girls wondered : some blu.shed, some 
laughed, and others cried. They had never known such treat- 
ment before. Many parents complained of these over-nice 
regulations; but Oswald insisted on them, and in the course of 
a little time found a good result in the decency of his pupils. 
The reformation he produced in the course of a quarter, by 
mild and firm management, amazed the parents. Some old 
women broadly hinted that such wonders could not be done by 
fair means: there must be some magic at work. Others told a 
strange story of a rat-catcher somewhere, who enticed many 
children to follow him, and then vanished with them all down 
a hole in a mountain. Butthe most prevalent report was, that 
Oswald was teaching the children a n;w religion ; and this was 
so fe.iously believed, that two official gentli men from the town 
were deputed to inspect the school. 

The badly disposed villagers wore delighted to hear of this 
commis.sion of inspection, and waited with anxiety to he r 
that Oswald was to be dismissed. The commission came 
unexpectedly one morning when Oswald was alout to open his 
school; but the appearance of the gentlemen by no means 
diseoiuposed him, for he had nothing to conceal. The visitors, 
after explaining their object, watched the children as they 
assembled and took their seats in an orderly manner. When 
all were seated, Oswald, as usual, addressed his pupils. 

"Dear children," said he, "let us, before all things, bow 
before God our Father, and offer our thank.sgivings and 
prayers." Ashe spoke, the children, in number fifty-five, 
folded their hands, and fell upon their knees. Oswald then 
knelt down, and the visitors, a little surprised, followed his 
example. The teacher then offered a prayer so simple, that 
the child of only .six years could understand it; and one of the 
visitors, an alderman, was so far moved that tears gathered in 
his ej'es. When the praj'er was ended, all the children arose, 
and, guided by the notes and words on a suspended board, 
sang in harmony a morning hymn. Tlien the school divided 
itself into classes, under the appointed monitors, and the 
various tasks of the day were studied. ( >ne peculiar method 
of teaching u.sed by Oswald should be mentioned. The last 
hour in the afternoon he generally occupied by telling the boys 
and girls an amusing story, in which some u.seful lesson was 
contained. The visitors saw enough of his methods during 
the day to be convinced that Oswald was one of the 
best and worthiest teachers in the country, and that all that 
was said against him was a scandal. 

{To he Continued.) 




Ne(;i,k,ct the duty of an hour, and it is an hour irretrievably 
lost. Crowd this neglected duly into the next hour, and you 
crowd out of it its own api)ointed task, and .some task out of 
life. A lost hour is lost beyond recall. Time not only lai)8es 
unimproved, but it works changes. 



n^stions and ^iisirers 

book: of nvE o k. nsdi o 3sr , 



REIGN OP THE JUDGES 



LBSSON CII. 

Q. — What were the feelings of those who were in tlie prison 
with Lehi and Xephi? 

A. — An awful, solemn fear came upon them. 

Q- — What was heard amid the trembling walls? 

A. — A mild voice, calling upon the wijked to repent. 

Q.— How many times was this voice heard? 

A. — Three times. 

Q. — Who[was among the dissenters in the prison? 

A.— Aminadab, a Xephite by birth. 

Q. — What did he see, and tell the people? 

A.— He saw the faces of Nephi and Lehi shine exceedingly and 
he told the people they were conversing with angels. 

Q. — What did he tell the Lamauites should be done in order to 
remove the cloud of darkness. 

A. — He told them they must repent and have faith in Christ. 

Q. — Did they do as he said? 

A. — Yes; and the darkness was removed. 

Q.— When they looked around what did they see? 

A. — Thej' beheld the heavens open and angels came down to 
them. 

Q. — How many persons witnessed these things? 

A. — About three hundred. 

tj.— What did they do? 

A — They went forth declaring to the people what thej- had 
seen and heard. 

Q — "What result attended their labors? 

A. — Many Lamanites were convinced of the truth and did lay 
down their weapons of war. 

Q. — At the end of the sixty-secund year uf the reign of the 
judges, what was the condition of the people? 

A. — The Lamanites were mostly convertedand they did fellow- 
ship with the Nephites. 

Q. — What was the result of this good feeling among the poo- 
- pie? 

A. — They became very rich. 

Q. — What occurred in the sixty-sixth year of the reign of the 
judges? 

A. — Cezoram was murdered. 

Q. — "Who succeeded him? 

A.— His son, who was aJso murdered. 

Q. — "What feeling arose in the next year? 

A. — The people again began to grow wicked. 

Q. — "Who were the murderers of Cezoram and his son? 

A. — The band of robbers of whom Gadiantoii was loader. 

Q. — "What did the Lamanites try to do with these robbers? 

A. — Tliey tried to destroy them. 

Q. — At the end of the sixty-eighth year of the reign of the 
judges, what had been done with the robbers? 

A. — They had been converted among the Lamanites, hut among 
the Nephites thuy became very jiowerful. 

Q. — What occurred early the next year? 

A. — NVphi, HelamuM's son, returned from tlic land luirlliward. 

Q. — Wliat success did he have in liis preaching? 

A. — The poopln rejccti'd all his words. 

Q. — "What did ho do when lio saw tlie wicki'dness of his own 
people, and thejiowerof Gadianlon's hand? 

A. — He left, sorrowfully, and n.-icmlu'd a tower whore he howed 
himself in grief. 

Q.^By whom was he seen? 

A. — Hy Some! men passing along tha roud, who luld the people, 
and a K'roat crowd was soon eollocli d around tlu' tower. 



\X 





36 



T U "V El n^ I 31. E I35rSTI?/TJGTOI?.. 




ID E S El I^ Ei T 



Words bv Rkiiaki) Allpridoe. 

kza 



r^^§ :^Zi-A—9-'S 



Musrc BY Hknhy E.merv. 



Lord, ac - cept our 



T 






songs (if jiraise, For 

I 

ii ^ — ,— f2- 



^ .—liir — ::=-_ (=2_ « ^_i2 ^ — I 



r:d=*-S=S3d=g-Sziid-jy-g^N=3=i=p-"3-^-^-z:H^--p- 

light and truth iu lat - t(;r days. 



iT 



We 



yzz^-m-Zi- 



meet to 






I 



::3^g=q=^ 



^?£??3ElE?.^ 






do thv 



ser - vice 



here. () 



list I re 



H 



iL^iiliyi 



ail 



:•: ^ Iff; rff; iff: 



itur 



r-f-^'- 



gard 

■ffl_ 



ble 



--Si=^-- 



prayer. 



_p;=BZiiii_^-f:2: 



3§ 



— (=i- 



t— =t=: 



-^m 



Wo hope, Lord, that, we niaj' prove i 
The worthy objects of thy hwe! 
Watch o'er us while we thus incline 
Our hearts to learning truths divine. 



Before we from tliis meeting ^o 
Do thou a blessing. Lord bestrnv; 
Accept our gratitudu and prai-e, 
And guide us through our futui-^' 



-r r- 

Our teachers, Lord, inspire each heart, 
That they may act the wiser part, 
And put such blessings in their mind 
As shall to us prove good and kind. 



SJJ 1>T ID J^IT LESSonsrs. 

FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



o\^:r :e>uzzt^ii] box:. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XXVI 



Q. — Where are the names of these twelve witnesses to be found? 

A —On the first page of the Book of Mormon. 

Q. — When Joseph had finished the translation what did he do? 

A. — He made arrangements for five thousand copies to be 
printed. 

Q. — In what idace? 

A.— In Palmyra, Wayne Co. N. Y. 

Q. — What was the name of the printer? 

A. — Mr. Egbert Grandon. 

Q.— How much did Mr. Grandon agree to print five thousand 
copies for? 

A. — Three thousand dollars. 

Q. — About this time were there ni;uiy inquirers after the truth? 

A.— Yes, a great many. 

Q.— What followed? 

A. — They were baptized fur the remission of their sins. 

Q. — Did Joseph and Oliver Cowdery receive the Mek'hisedeck 
priesthood or Ajiostleship? 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — In what way? 

A. — They were ordained under the hands of Peter, James and 
Jonn. 

Q. — What authority did this ordination give them? 

A.— It gave them the authority to give the Holy Ghost to those 
who were baptized. 

Q — When was the church organized? 

A.— On the sixth day of April, 18-!U 

Q.- -Who ajiiiointed that day? 

A.— The Lord. 



The following quaint epitaph was published in the Universal 
Mtigazine, in London, iu 1704. We fancy it will puzzle some 
of our little leaders to make sense of it: 
Beue 



AT.HT:Hi.s:S.T 
Oncli EsK.\ 
THari Neg Rave 
Hang'd 
F. R. 
O I Mali. V. Syli Fetul 
If. Ele 
SSCL 
Ayb. ye AR 
Than 
■ Del— Ays 
Hego 
TherpElfa 
ND 
No WS. He Stur 
ND. Toe Art 
IIHErfel Fy 
EWEE ... Pin 
Gfr I . . . EN 
•D.SL 
Et Mea D 



VI 

Seab ATE vo 

URG 

RIE . Fan 

DD 

RxyO! V... Rey 

EsfORWH 

ATA 

A'ai L Saflo 

! Doft Ears w 
Hok No : WSB 
ut ina Runo 
Fy Ears 
Ja So . . . . Metall 

Pit . . . C 
Hero . . . R . . broa 
DP 
Ans He ... I 
NH 
Ers Hopma 
YB 
E. Aga . . . IN. 



j"U"v:E2sriii.E insrsTi^/TJOTOR. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



The verbal puzzle published in No. 1 has been .solved by 
B. J. Beer, Charles Iteynolds, and Charles Caffall, Salt Lake 
City. The answer is as follows: 

If you wish to understand me you must overcome all diffi- 
culties which surround me, for knowledge is only to be attained 
by understanding and uvercoming. 



OEOROE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 




What you keep by you you may change and mend, but 
words once spoken you can never recall. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE.I 
Single Copy^ per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

,^^~01Ece, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Ut?ih. 




