
VOL XL 



SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBEK !5. 1876 



SO. IS. 



_A_ HUNTHSTG S O E IT B I UST _£^ IF IR, I C -A. . 



The animals pictured in the accompanying engraving are not 
common by any means in this country, and it is not prob- 
able that any of our little readers have ever seen either a zebra 
or a giraffe alive, except, possibly, in some traveling menns- 
erie. Our Territory was lately visited by a menagerie which 
contained, among the curious animals exhibited, a specimen of 
each. To view a sc^ne like that here represented, one would 
have to travel all, the way to Africa, and then it would prob- 
ably be a rare chance if he should see such a combination of 
beautiful aninnls in their native >tate. 



was somewhat of a favorite, it is mentioned as ''the tallest, 
the most useless and most gentle of quadrupeds, " and from 
its la-t qualification it wa- also sometimes called "the wild 
sheep." 

Tn form the head of the giraffe resembles that of the deer, 
and is extremely small in proportion to the bulk of its body 
an 1 the bight of its legs; its ears are lomr and erect, its horns, 
which are somewhat, shorter, are covered with a velvety skin, 
similar to those of a deer at their first growth, and at the tips 
are tufts of strong bristly hairs: its eye is peculiarly shaped 





The zebra, which ii hjre rdpi-sseu'ed, bjloti^s to tha same 
group, or family, as the patient, much abused ass with which, 
we are all acquainted. The scientific name of Uippotigris 
or tiger-horse, is sometimes applied to it. It is not so called 
because there is anything of the tiger in its nature, though it 
is said to be extremely ditficult to tame, but rather because of 
its peculiar striped markings. Though ii is very beautiful to 
look upon, it is of little or no utility to man. 

The last remark might also be applied to the other animal 
here represented, the beautiful giraffe. It aLo has a name 
sometimes applied tj it, which has reference to its marking — 
the "camelopard." By the ancient Romans, with whom it 



and is so constructed th it withjtit turn ng its head, the animal 
cau see Luiu Lc.uic and behind at the tame time, and it 
possesses that suit expression for which the gazelle and other 
antelopes are so remarkably tamed Its pecul arly elongated 
neck, nearly half its bight, which appears to move on a pivot, 
i<, when erect, elegantly proportioned, slender and stag-like; 
but long as it is, its flexibility is wonderful, and it is impossible 
to describe the variety of its beautiful movements, its cease- 
less play of arching and curving, and its gentle rotation and 
Wave-like rising and falling. Its general color is yellowish- 
while, covered with irregularly formed spots of a yellowisll- 
brown or fawn color; its tail is of considcral le length and 





SOS 



JTJTENILB IlTSTiiTJOTOE,. 






terminates in a tuft of long, flowing jet black hair. Another 
peculiarity of the giraffe is its long, slender and flexible tongue, 
which tapers to so fine a point that it can go through a small 
ring; it also possesses great power in moving its lips and pro- 
longing and extending them. The giraffe uses its tongue 
much as the elephant doe.-, its trunk, coiling it round the 
branches of trees so as to bring the delicate twigs and 
leaves within reach of its mouth; in confinement the camel- 
opard gives many instauces of its power in using this organ, 
which is guided apparently more by the eye than by the nose 
in the selection of objects for food; and many a fair lady, while 
walking in the Zoological Gardens, has been robbed of the 
artificial flowers which adorned her bonnet by its nimble, filch, 
ing tongue; the mock leaves and scentless flowers so obtained 
being eaten with great apparent satisfaction. One singular 
instance is told of the giraffe's fondness for eating whatever 
was pleasing to its eye. A fine peacock was kept in the same 
paddock in the Zoological Gardens, and as that noble Indian 
bird was spreading its tail in the sunbeams, and showing off 
its charms, the giraffe stooped its long neck and entwining its 
tongue round a bunch of the gaudy plumes, suddenly lifted 
the bird in the air, then giving it a shake, disengaged five or 
six long feathers, when down fluttered the astonished peacock, 
and scuffled off with the remains of its train draggling humbly 
after him. 

The size of this gigantic and beautiful animal varies, from 
the young one of nine or ten feet in hight to the dark chestnut- 
colored old giraffe of the herd, whose head towers above its 
companions, often attaining the bight of eighteen or twenty 
feet. The females are of lower stature, and are more delicately 
and gracefully formed. 



E1TTOMOLOGY-NO. 9. 



BY W. I). JOHNSON, JTJN. 



HEMIPTERA. (HOMOPTERA.) 




Inhere is a family of insects of the above named order called 
. the "ceiopidoe," of Leach, or tree hoppers, as they generally 
inhabit trees or shrubs. They are very interesting, as they 
arc curiously formed, and have such grotesque shapes. 

The one most commonly known in this country is the "mem- 
bracis bimaculata," or locust tree hopper. It is the largest of 
the family in this country. These insects may be found on 
the limbs of locust trees, where they sit for hours without 
moving, when undisturbed, but on the slightest attempt to 
capture them they are off quick as a flash. They never sit 
across the limbs, but lengthwise with the head towards the 
extremity of the branch, and with the beak thrust into the 
bark of the tree, imbibing the sap as food. 

The peculiar form of the thorax of this insect, resembling a 
thick cone with an oblique direction; its dark color, and fixed 
position gives it the appearance of one of the thorns of the 
tree, for which it may be easily mistaken. And this undoubt- 
edly is intended for their preservation from their enemies of 
the feathered tribes, who are always on the lookout for them. 
Thus, we see that even these little insects are subjects of God's 
special providence, as are also many others, as the leaf insect 3 , 
whose lees and wings so much resemble leaves; the walking 
stick insects, which look like dried twigs furnished with legs; 
and the grasshopper and "katy-dids," that arc colored so 
much like the vegetation on which they live. All these in- 
stances show that their forms are so made to screen them from 
their foes. Many other examples of the same kind might be 



enumerated, all showing that even* the most despised of God's 
creations are objects of His special care. 

But to our tree hopper, which remains to be described: 
It is half an inch in length. Its color is cinereous, or of a 
dull ash mixed with brown, with a long yellow spot on each 
side of the back. The head is furnished with short antenna) 
a sharp and slender beak and two eyelets above the common 
eyes; the wings of the male slant like those of the grasshopper. 
The female has no wings, but is furnished with a piercer re- 
sembling the cicadas, spoken of in a former article, and like 
them, only passes thrcugh a partial transformition. The eggs 
are laid in grooves made by the female in the branches of the 
trees. The young, as soon as hatched, descend to the earth, 
in which they penetrate and stay until ready to make their 
final change, which occurs the following spring. 

Some seasons these tree hoppers do much damage to locust 
trees, from the amount of sap abstracted from the branches, 
and the grooves made for the reception of the eggs. 

Of this family the "ineiubracis binotata" of Say, hasapecu- 
liarly curved horn extending lrom the thorax, so that when the 
insect is seen sideways it has the appearance of a bird. The 
"membracis univitata" frequents oak trees. 

The tree hoppers of tropical countries attain a large size, 
are fantastically formed and beautifully colored. 

In this family are the frog- hoppers. They are very singular 
insects; they are one tenth of an inch in length, have six short 
legs which give them a squatty appearance; the hind legs at the 
tips are encircled with a row of spines, which S3rve to fix the 
feet to the surface, and by unbending the legs suddenly, they 
leap into the air sometimes five or six feet, or two hundred 
and fifty times their own length. In the same proportion a man 
of ordinary stature would be able to leap a quarter of a mile. 

These insects pass the whole of their lives on plants. They 
imbibe such quantities of sap that it oozes out of their bodies 
in the form of frothy matter or foam. This substance com- 
pletely covers them and in this they remain until they complete 
their final change. They are common on the willow and alder. 
The foam is commonly called frog spittle. 

The little leaf hoppers that do so much damage to the grape 
vine in southern Utah, are called : 'tettigouiadse;" they are more 
slim and graceful than the frog-hoppers. They are generally 
one tenth of an inch in length; the head is extended forward 
into a triangle or semicircle. They are furnished with a cell 
and a tubular beak. There are several varieties; some inhabit 
and live on the bean, peas and other vines. "Tettigoniavitis" 
is the leaf hopper of the grape vine. While inTokerville and 
Virgen City, in August, I noticed they had done great damage 
to the grape vine in those places. This insect is one ninth of an 
inch in length, of a yellow or straw color with two red lines on 
the head. The head is crescent-shaped, eylets below the ridge 
in front, the beak long and slender, and tips of the wings 
black. They make their appearance in June, and are apteious 
or wingless, being then in the larva state. They arrive at 
maturity in August, They hibernate, hiding away under 
rubbish, stones, etc., and come out early in the spring to lay 
eggs for the summer brood. 

The only certain method of destroying these little pests is 
to use fumigations of tobacco under a movable tent. By plac- 
ing this over the vine with burning tobacco beneath, it soon kills 
them. Care must be taken to keep them under the tent as they 
are very agile. 



We must do quickly what there is no huiry for, to be able 
to do slowly what demands haste. 




f 



JTJTBITILB I2STSTBTJOTOE,. 



2C7 




eaves 



row a 




BY G. M. 0. 



THE ARAUCANIANS. 




( Continued. ) 

THE toqui, Lineoyan, was succeeded by Caupolican, whose 
daring exploits and achievements read like the romantic 
stories of fabled heroes. Not only brave as a warrior, he dis- 
played a generalship and capacity that astonished the disciplin- 
arians of Spain, and won an undying name and fame in the 
hearts of his countrymen. 

Fiercely attacking the Spaniards, he drove them from 
several of the towns and fortresses established by Valdivia; 
when in the hight of this success he met with a severe reverse 
and was on the point of being defeated when Lautaro, his 
lieutenant general or vice-toqui, came to his assistance, and the 
whole Spanish army was destroyed, except a few prisoners and 
two Proniaucians, their Indian allies. Valdivia was captured 
and put to death, some say by decapitation, others, that the 
Indians, knowing the Spaniards' greed for gold, poured a ladle 
full ot the molten metal into his mouth, telling him to drink 
his fill. 

After the disastrous defeat aud death of their general, the 
Spaniards abandoned a'.l the cities excepting two, which the 
governor had fouuded. Caupolican immediately besieged the 
two cities, while Lautaro fortified himself for defense of the 
frontiers in the mountains of Mariguena. Only a single wind- 
ing path led through the gorges, canyons and inpenetrable 
thickets of the hills. Villagran, the successor ot Valdivia, 
attacked Lautaro in this stronghold, but after a desperate fight 
was defeated and compelled to retire. Finding it impossible 
to defend the city of Conception, he placed a part of the 
inhabitants — the old men, women and children — on board of 
two vessels then in the bay, and led the remainder to Santiago. 
Lautaro entered the deserted city and seemed great booty. 
After plundering it he burnt the houses and destroyed the cit- 
adel, and returned in triumph tj Araueo. 

The strong reinforcements thrown into Imperial and Valdi- 
via by Vdlagran, enabled them to hold outaeainst Caupolican. 
While he was laying waste the country surrounding Imperial 
the small-pox made its appearance in his army and among the 
natives in the surrounding country. So terrible was the havoc 
of this destructive scourge that, whole districts were almost 
dcp >pulatci'. In one disti ict it is said that of 1 2,000 inhabitants 
only 100 persons escaped death. The Spanish governor, 
availing himself of these circumstances, occupied aud rebuilt 
the city of Conception; but this was no sooner Joue than Lau- 
taro recrossed the Bio bio, and, attacking the Spaniards in the 
open plain, completely routed them, captured the fort, killed 
and plundered the citizens and burnt the town. Flushed by 
his success he resolved to carry the war into the enemy's coun- 
try and marchpd his army a distance of 500 miles northward 
and invested the city of Santiago. Here the Spanish general 
surprised them, and altera desperate and bloodj battle, totally 
routed the Araucanian army, who fought with the most deter- 
mined bravery, neither asking nor giving quarter, and only 
yielding after being cut all to pieces, and losing their brave 
commander. This battle took place in the year 1556. Lautaro 
was only nineteen years ol age at the time of his death. His 



name is still celebrated in song, and his actions cited to the 
youth as a glorious example of heroism by his countrymen. 

This disaster caused Caupolican to raise the siege ot Imper- 
ial, and a succession of battles followed in which the Araucan- 
ians were generally defeated, and in one of which Caupolican 
was taken pri toner and cruelly put to death by impalement. 
Following up their success, the Spanish general advanced into 
the country until reaching the battle field where Valdivia was 
defeated and slain. Here they built a city in contempt of the 
Araucanians, which they called Canete. 

Considering the war over, orders were given for the rebuild- 
ing of Conception. In the year 1558 Villagran marched 
against the Clinches. When this people heard of the advance 
of an enemy flushed with victory, they met to deliberate as to 
the better course to adopt, to resist or submit. An Araucanian 
in the council was asked for his opinion, and gave the following 
reply: "Be careful how you adopt either of the measures; as 
vassals you will be despised mid compelled to labor; as enemies 
you will be exterminated. If you wish to free yourselves from 
these dangerous visitors, make them believe you are miserably 
poor. Hide your property, particularly your geld; they will 
not remain where they have no expectation of obtaining that 
sole object of their wishss, Send them such a present as will 
impress them with an idea of your poverty. In the meantime 
retire to the woods." 

The advice was approved, and a deputation clothed in rags 
and counterfeiting fear presented the Spanish general with a 
basket containing some roasted lizards and roots. '} he soldiery 
begged their commander to go no farther, but he insisted that 
a country abounding with the precious metals lay beyond. By 
request the wily Araucanian furnished a guide, who led the 
invaders by the most difficult and ruggid paths to the sea 
coast. Not finding the riches they sought, the expedition 
returned. 

Durinir the year 1550 numerous battles were fought between 
the Spaniards and the Araucanians, led by Caupolican II., son 
of the former toqui of that name. He possessed consideiable 
ability, but was not as fortunate as his father in his efforts in 
defending his country. At the battle of Quipeo he sustained 
a disastrous defeat, losing nearly all his officers. Being closely 
pursued by the Spaniards, he slew him-elf to avoid a cealh 
similar to that suffered by his father. The few "ufmeues" 
who escaped this defeat, elected as toqui an officer of inferior 
rank, but who had distinguished himself in that battle His 
name was Antiguenu. Willi the remnant of the army, not 
utterly disheartened, he retired to the inaccessible marshes of 
Lumaco. As his force gained strength by the arrival of 
recruits, incursions were made into the Spanish territory tor 
practice and to feed themselves at the enemy's cxpen-e. Grow- 
ing bo'd by repeated success, he attacked a son. of the Spanish 
governor aud defeated him and then marched against Canete. 
Villagran, deeming its defense impracticable, withdrew the 
inhabitants to Imperial and Conception. The toqui, finding 
the town deserted set tire to it. 

Villagran, worn down with care and anxiety by this loss, 
soon after died, and Antiguenu, learning the fact, divided his 
army of 4000 men in two divisions. With the main division 
he marched against the town of Araueo, while the other divi- 
sion under the vice-toqui, lay siege to Conception. At Araueo 
the siege was protracted, and the commanders decided to settle 
the affair by single combat, but after a two hours' fight they 
were separated by their men. The Spaniards, however, were 
at last compelled I y famine to abandon the place, when the 
houses and walls were burnt anil destroyed. 





£08 



JTJVB1TILE I1TSTRIJCTOB 






Antieuenu then attacked a place called Angol, where, 
after performing most brilliant feats of valor and courage, he 
was forced along with a crowd of soldiers over the hank of the 
river and drowned. 

In the year 1565 the Spaniards again built the fort of Arauco 
and the city of Canete. The Araucanians elected a relative of 
Lautaro as toqui, named Paillataru. They also organized a 
corps of cavalry in their army, and soon displayed a remarkable 
perfection in horsemanship. With an indomitable spirit and 
determination the war was carried on, and numerous battles 
were fought with varying success for both parties 

While Guanoalca was toqui 1 1589) the Spaniards were for ed 
to abandon the forts of Pureo, Trinidad, and Bspiritu-Santo, 
Under this toqui and his successors, Quintuguenu and Pail- 
the Araucanians suffered a nun, her of severe defeats. 
After the last nam-d. an old man named Paillatnachu was 
appointed toqui. He is said to have been a person of remark- 
able activity, ami fortune seemed to nun in his favor. Ilis 
sua - was so great that he was enabled to restore hiscountry 
again to her full independence. By the year 1598, owing to 
his victories, not only the Araucanian provinces, 1 ut those of 
the Clinches and Hnilliehes were in aims, and the cities of 
Osonrn, Valdivia, Villarica Imperial, Arauco, Canete. Angol 
and Caya were closelv besieged at one and the same time. He 
forced the Spaniards to evacuate Arauco. and then crossed 
the Biobio and burned the cities of Conception and Chilian, 
and laid waste the provinces surrounding them. Tn the month 
i f November, 1599, he crossed his army bv swimming over 
the broad fiver Valdivia, stormed the city, killed a great num- 
ber of the inhabitants and burnt the town. He attacked the 
vessels at anchor in the harbor, but they hoisted sail and 
escaped. He then returned to the Biobio with a spoil of 

2 100 lollars, all the cannon and four hundred prisoners. 

I To he Continued.) 



A VALUABLE RELIC 




How m Acquire Contentment.— First of all, a man 

.should always consider how much more he has than he wants, 

condly, how much more unhappv he might be than he 

really is. Listen to a reply which Aristippus made to one 

wh mdoled him on the loss of a farm: 

"Why." said he. "I have three farms still, and you have 
but one; so that 1 i ughl rather to be afflicted for you than for 
me." 

When Pitacus, after the death of his brother, who had 
left him a good estate, was offered a greal sum of mouey by 
the kiiiL- ut' Lydia, he thanked him for his kindness, but told 
him he had more by half than I, n rhal to do with. 

There i- an excellent saying of Bion the philosopher, 
namely, thai "no man has so much care a - he who endi 
after happiness." 

We read of thi honesi : ' who, upon breaking his 

leg by a fall from the mainmast, told the bystanders "it wa - a 
it was mm' i 

We may also add tin ini of an "Id philosopher, who, 
having invited some of his friends to diue with him. was 
rurrled by his wife, who came in'" the room in a passion, and 
threw down the table before them, s i 

"Every one has his calamity, and he is a happj man who 
ha- ii" greater than this 

If contentment 1 ies not bring rich ■- it banishes the de ire 
for tie-in. It destroys all inordinate ambition, and every 
tendency ti ion I' ives sweetness to conversation, 

1 a perpetual serenity t" all thoughts. 



THERE i< in New York eiie of the most interesting book- in 
the world. It is one that termed the intellectual, the 
bu-ine<s and moral character of Washington, the Father of 
liis Country It lifc< up the mystery of his early training, and 
explains much which before seemed unaccountable. He early 
lost his father. He enjoyed but few advantages of education; 
yet it i-- .aid of him that at a very early age he had a know- 
ledge of the forms "1' business, proofs of which are left in his 
own handwriting Washington Irving says of Wa-hington 
that "before he was thirteen years of age he had copied into' 
a volume forms of all kinds of mercantile and legal papers, 
bills of exchange, notes of band, deeds, bonds, and the like; 
that, he had a lawyer's skill in drafting documents, and a 
merchant's exactness in keeping accounts." 

The book we have referred to was the architect of his 
character. It is a small octavo volume of 472 paves. The 
name of George Washington is written upon it in boyish 
ebirography. but large, bold with every letter distinct as in 
his manner days, to which the year I 742 is added in the same 
handwriting. Washington was then ten years of age. The 
title of the book is this: "Young Men's Companion or Arithe- 
metek Made Easy, with Plain Directions for a Young Man to 
Attain to Head and Write True English, with Copies of 
Verses for a Writing School. Instructing of Letters to* 
Friends, Forms for Making Bills. Bonds, Releases, Wills, &c. 
Likewise Easy Rules for Measuring Board and Timber by the 
Carpenter's Plain Rule, &c. Also Directions for Measuring. 
Gauging and Plocting out of Laud Ac, and Taking the 
Distance by Quadrant and Triangle, Together with a Map of 
the Globe and Water. Also, a Map of England, together 
with Choice Monthly Observations for Gardening, Planting, 
and [noceuiating Fruit. Trees. Written by W. Mather in a 
Plain and Easy Style that a Young Man may Attain the same 
without a Tutor. Thirteenth Edition. London. Printed for 
S. Clarke." 

The Young Man'- Companion opens with instructions in 
spelling, punctuation and coin position. Selections for practice 
are presented from hymns, prayers and prose. Easy copies 
for writing, with instructions how to- sit, hold the pen, and to 
make ink flow. Rules are laid down for writing letters on 
love, business, and friendship, and how to begin and end a 
letter, with the different style tn be addressed to people of 
rank and pleUans. Foims for all kind id' mercantile and 
legal papers are presented, with Powers of Attorney, Deeds 
and Wills. Arithmetic comes next. Surveying, Mensurations, 
Navigation, Building, Gauging, Taking Observtions, and 
Architecture, accompanied by rude drawings have their pla^e. 
Rules for behavior in company are then given, how to enter 
and leave the presence of nobility and rank, with the order of 
precedence, so that a youDg mau's manners may be well 
formed. Banking and Exchange fellow, with rules for farming 
and gardening, with inocculating, as grafting was then called, 
the raising of (lowers and fruits, and instruction for each 
month in a year. Receipts are given for the making of cider, 
wine and preserves. The book holds a medical department, 
and household games, tricks and pastimes are not overlooked. 

Here Washington formed his first acquaintance with the 
writings of Sir Matthew Hale. Washington Irving says that 
Sir Matthew Hale's Contemplations, Moral and Divine, was 
the favorite volume of Washington's mother. Out of it shs 
daily read him lessons of religion atd morality. His "mothe/s 
manna', bearing his mother's name. Mary Washington 







JTJYE1TILB IFSTBTJOTOB. 



209 




written with hor own hand, was ever preserved by bini with 
filial care, and may still be seen in the archives of Mount 
Vernon." To these Contemplations he was first introduced 
by this book. Copious extracts from Hale's celebrated 
Manual are inserted under the title of "Judge Hale's Con- 
templations in his account of the Good Steward." 

This remarkable book, "The Young Man's Companion," 
came into Washington's hand when he was ten years of age. 
It taught him just what he wished to know. He became his 
own tutor under this master. That he read it, studied it, 
and made the treasures his own, his subsequent life proved. 
Not content with the reading, before he was thirteen years of 
age he copied all the business forms into a book and mastered 
all its teachings. It made him the surveyor, the exact busi- 
ness man, the legislator, the ruler, the finished gentleman, 
while its lessons of religion and morality formed his character 
and guided his life. 

This book was found in Virginia during its occupation by 
Union troops. It is iu a remarkable state of preservation. It is 
iu the possession of a gentleman of New York City. In a recent 
visit to New York the Lieutenant General examined it with 
profound reverence, and expressed his belief that its silent, 
eloquent, and instructive pages were the architect of the 
practical, symmetrical, and finished character of Washington. 



ifkxd -vc SAAriTZEK,rj^nsriD. 




THKOUGH the courtesy of Brother George II. Taylor. Super- 
intendent of the 1 4th Ward Sunday school, we are permitted 
to make the following extracts from a letter received by him 
from Elder Martin Lenzi, who is now on a mission in Switzer- 
land, dated July 10, 1876: 

"I often think of my dear little class that I used to teach 
in the Sunday school. Whenever I get among little children 
I invariably tell them that I used to take great pleasure in 
teaching a class of such in Salt Lake City. 

"I suppose you all meet as you usually did, and I have often 
written to my children not to forget to go their Sunday school; 
and T really hope that they are making themselves generally 
useful in that direction. 

"I aui hero trying to do the will of the Lord, in which I 
take great comfort. I have striven hard under the depressing 
circumstances that have surrounded me; it is sufficient to say 
that the Lord has greatly blessed me. 

"Brother Wirtehlin and 1 have been trying to break new 
ground. Last Tuesday we went to Lode, near France, and 

visited four i r families. We preached the gospel and bore 

our testimony to them, and they seemed well pleased with the 
principles as we taught them. We were invited at three 
different times to partake of dinner, supper, etc., by strangers 
who are investigating the principles of our religion, and who 
sei hi favorably disposed. 

"Next Monday we start for Berne, and then for the city of 
Thum. and for Simmonthal, a beautiful, romantic valley, with 
great, high precipices that stand perpendicular and almost 
make a person's blood run cold to look up at the top. Well, 
tn say what Switzerland is all at once, it is a grand picture; 

but that does no' feed the] r nor lessen their labor. The 

rich can enjoy the scenery. 

I admire the simplicity of the Swiss people; their living is 
the quintessence of frugality. Oh, what a contrast between 

the living ol the i ■ in Zion and the i r here! You know 

that Switzerland is but a very small country, and yet it has 



between three and four millions of inhabitants; and then, too, 
a good portion of the country stands up edgewise. I saw a 
novel sight last spring, and that was a couple of our sisters 
standing on ladders and planting potatoes. I don't mean to 
say that the ladders were perpendicular, but they were pretty 
steep. This may appear comical, but it is true. 

"In visiting the Saints in Zurich as well as in other cantons 
last winter I noticed many praiseworthy customs among the 
people, and even among the children, that attracted my atten- 
tion, and which I thought were worthy of imitation in any 
count' y. I noticed invariably wherever I was invited to din- 
ner or supper, after eating, the mother, daughter or ser" 
vants carefully swept the little crumbs into a small calico bag 
or a box, and at the same time remarked that they were for the 
birds. The custom is a general one. Then I have seen them 
throw the crumbs out cf the window, and soon found the little 
birds picking them up. Previously I was surprised at the 
tameness of the birds, but soon learned the cause. I have 
been amused when taking a walk through the city of Zurich 
at seeing the birds on the sidewalks, feeding on the crumbs 
that were thrown out to them, and so tame that they would 
scarcely fly away as I passed them. One day while crossing 
the bridge that is over the Linimot I saw quite a flock of 
snow-white birds flying around some men and boys, fairly 
eating food out of their hands. Right down on each side of 
the bridge are very large cages, which contain a beautiful 
collection of rare specimens of water fowls, such as blnck and 
white swans, and geese, and the greatest variety of ducks that 
I ever saw, some white as snow, with very large 'top-knots,' 
and some beautifully variegated. While children are on their 
way to school or to work thej do not forget the birds; and the 
latter in return soon learn who their friends and protect- 
ors are. 

"The first time that I was called to visit the Saints, or the 
branches, in the country I noticed that as soon as we got fairly 
out of the city or town every individual that we met, whether 
man, woman or child, would meet us with some salutation, 
such as. 'God protect you" or 'Grace be with you!' and even 
very small children would say 'Grace to you 1 ' 1 becam 
used to their salutations that through politeness I would 
return the same to fhetn. 

"I have been particularly pleased with the kitchen and 
flower gardens that adorn the wayside. They are sometimes 
quite a distance from the houses, and unprotected by hedge 
or fence, and yet they remain undisturbed by children or ani- 
mals. The Swiss people are great lovers of flowers, and every 
family raises them. Those who have no ground to cultivate 
raise them in pots. I have seen no sheep or cows running 
at large, such animals being generally herded where they can 
do no damage. 

"The denizens of the Alps, mostly herdsmen, have a very 
peculiar custom among them, which is quite interesting. In 
the evening, just as the last rays of the sun are seen on the 
mountain peaks, the level herdsman takes up his speaking 

hovn. and, while the last ray disappear.-, he cries at the top of 

his voice 'Praise God, the I. irdl' and :m - i as the neighbor- 
ing herdsman hears it he takes up his speaking horn and 
repeats the same, and soon until it is re-echoed through the 
range. This continues for fifteen or twenty minutes, and then 

thcyallk Mown in prayer to Co,! ami thank Hint for His 

protecting caro through the day. A short time afterwards 
the head herdsman take- up his horn again and cries aloud, 
'Good aighl " which is reverberated through all the i otains 

a, hi hill : il'ter which they all retire to vest." 





2.LO 



CT TJ "V" IE IDT I L E INSTBTJCTOB 




<|Jti; Jjuuenilc Ifnstrudoit. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1ST6. 



IEIDITOIRI.A.Xj THZOXJC3-HITS. 





ERSONS who ought to be faithful mem- 
bers of the Church have turned and are 
still turning aside to the practice of 
wickedness. V. T e hear that some of the 
young people are in this condition, that 
they are careless and unbelieving, and 
reject the faith of their parents. Though 
we have been absent for some time of late, 
and do not know the truth of these things 
from personal experience, yet we presume 
that many of the statements we hear upon 
this subject are correct. There is great concern 
expressed by mauy Latter-day Saints because 
such a tendency exists. They imagine that 
terrible evils are likely to come upon the work of 
God on account of these things; and it would not 
surprise us if some actually thought that it was 
very greatly endangered and might be completely 
overthrown by these causes. Of course where people take 
this view, the future appears to them full of gloom. Their 
sky is full of clouds, and they sigh and mourn and are any- 
thing but happy. 

Le' us enquire whether there are pood grounds for such 
ft ire. Suppi se tla' a certain percenta e of young and old do 
turn away from the truth; does it. therefore, follow that ihe 
work of God will be overthrown? Certainly not. It is rather 
a healhy sign than otherwise, so far as the Chunh is concern- 
ed, for men and women to leave the Church. If there were 
no apostasy from the Church it would be an evidence that the 
wicked found its bosom as comfortable a place as tiny desired. 
But when they leave it, it is because the society of its mem- 
bers is not pleasing to them, and they desire that which is 
more congenial to them. The Church would soon be in a 
dreadful condition if the wicked did not leave it. They would, 
before Ion*.', overpower the goo'l, and then the anger of the 
Lord would be poured out to the destruction of those called by 
His name. Therefore our feeling is, that if men and women 
will do wickedly and will not repent, the sooner they leave the 
Church the better f r the Church. 

While Satan is unl ound and has power over the hearts of 
men to lead them astray, we may expect apostasy and wo shall 
hear of people leaving the Church. Wherever unvirtuous 
conduct i- indulged in by those who are called Latter-day 
Saint- infidelity is >ure to appear. There is an intimate con- 
nection between the two. Unchaste, lustful thoughts and 

actions are the - 1. and infidelity i- the legitimate fruit. 

The most fruitful cause of apostasy from this Church, as all 
our history prove-, has been such thoughts and actions. 

In our present situation there arc many temptations pres- 
ented to the Saints in these Valleys. Many persons yield to 
them. They give away to their appetite- and do not seek for 
Strength to conquer thctn. The opportunities to do wrong 
are greatly increased, and the persons of whom we speak 
avail themselves of them. But it does not follow because of 



this that the Church will be overthrown. If trials do not 
come to the Latter-day Saints in one shape, they will in 
another. The Lord has said that He will have a tried people. 
Trials must, theiefore, come. In the early days of the 
Church there were mobs and persecutions to test the faith and 
constancy of the people. The Saints were driven by the 
wicked from place to place, and those who did not love the 
Lord and His truth better than all else were apt to have their 
faith and fortitude fail them. But since the people came to 
these valleys, mobs have not had power to afflict them. The 
Saints have had the supremacy here, and though we have 
been threatened much, yet we have escaped the violence of 
our enemies. Not having the trials of mobs and persecutions 
to endure, there have been trials of a different character to 
overcome. They have had the effect to test the people in a 
different direction, but probably as effectually as the old trials 
did. In the providence of the Lord this is all right. 

Apostasy is a grevious thing. It is a terrible result for 
misconduct. Without misconduct there would be no apostasy. 
But while it must be a cause of regret to see young and 
middle-aged men, who might be useful members of society, 
turning from truth and righteousness to falsehood and iniquity, 
still it is no reason that the Church of God should be over- 
thrown. It will stand, and the promise of the Lord is that it 
shall prevail on the earth. 

Children, strive to so live that, you, at least, will be able to 
resist the temptations of sin and to endure every ordeal and 
come off conquerors. But, to accomplish this, you must be 
constantly faithful to the Lord and in the keeping of His 
commandments. 



Look on thu Bright Side. — Much more depends on look- 
ing on the bright side of everything than is generally supposed. 
When you look down the vista of comine years and see nothing 
but poverty and want, sorrow and suffering ahead of you, 
mental and physical depression is the result. You feel your- 
self incapable of encountering the vast mountain of difficulties 
that threaten to confront you, and you begin to look about for 
rmans wherewith to avoid meeting them. The longer reflected 
upon, the bigger they seem to grow. Whereas if you afsume 
a brave heart, and move on steadily step by step, the ascent 
is so gradual that when you have reached the top you are 
surprised on looking back to find that what you at first mistook 
for a mountain now seems only a small hill. 

Make the best of everything. Great battles cannot be won 
by one fell stroke Cheerful animal spirits are just as neces- 
sary to your success in the warfare of life as sunshine to the 
vegetable kingdom. Withdraw this blessed life-giving 
element from vegetation and it will grow pale and die. Look 
beyond the cold, wet day, to the bright, glorious sunset 
beyond. Watch the great masses of eumulo-stratus clouds 
passing between the sun and earth, and you will observe that 
tho«e which present the darkest surface to the earth are the 
brightest on the opposite side. It is frequently so in life. 
And only those reach the goal who have the courage to 
overcome present difficulties in anticipation of the success in 
store for them. 

There is a class of people who always make you fee! worse 
for having been in their company. Everything partakes of 
the gloom of their own peevish natures. Trifles are magnified, 
and they see in all their surroundings ills that never existed 
except in their own minds. Instead of driving away dull care 
they are ever on the lookout for something of which to com- 
plain. 





J- TJ "V" IE IsT I !_. E INSTBUOTOB. 



211 




ZDEjA-LHEsTG- WITH THE 
USTDXAJSTQ. 



PERHAPS there is no question which occupies more of the 
public attention in our nation at the present time than 
that of the best method of treating the Indians. Since Gen- 
eral Custer and his troop of soldiers and scouts, numbering 
about three hundred in all, were killed in an engagement with 
the Sioux a few weeks since, the newspapers of the country 
have been full of news from the army pursuing the Indians, 
false rumors of battles and discussions of the merits of the 
different policies that have been and are being pursued in 
dealing with these, the original owners of the land we inhabit. 
While many of those who write consider that the Indians 
should be shown no mercy, but killed off like so many worth- 
less wild beasts, a few are humane enough to favor the plan 
of treating the Indians as human beings, and extending to 
them the same rights that white men under similar circum- 
stances would expect. Some of this latter class of writers 
have commented s^-kh - . •^.-'^ig'i-.'- v "^ 

favorably on the 
course pursued by 
President Young and 
the Latter-day Saints 
genera'ly, in their 
intercourse with the 
Indians, and held it 
up as an example 
worthy of being fol- 
lowed by the officers 
of our Government. 
The greatest possible 
contrast is shown 
tretween the policy of 
President Young and 
that pursued by most 
of the agents ap- 
pointed by the Gov- 
ernment for many 
years past in dealing 
with the Indians. 
The former has ever 
held that it was 
cheaper to feed tl e 
Indians thi n to fight 
them; and that in 
any transaction between them and the whites each parry was 
entitled to the same .justice; and that if any distinction were 
made it should be in favor of the Indians on account of their 
ignorance. This has nor only been his theory, but through 
his teaching it has been reduced to practice by the Latter-day 
Saint*. True, the feeding of Ihe Mian* and the concessions 
the Saints have made to thera at different times ha /e often 
proved a heavy tax upon them, but it has been far better and 
cheaper and infinitely more humane than it would have been 
for the people to go to and wage war upon thorn. At the 
present time the Elders of the Church are laboring among 
them to teach them the ways of civilized life, and induce them 
to abandon their filthy habits, and at the same time giving 
them a knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ. A.8 a result, 
great numbers of them evince a determination to give up their 
roving savage habits and adopt habits of industry; in fact, 
some are already establishing homes for themselves under tin- 
direction of certain Elders, securing their land according to 




law, cultivating the soil, and forming quiet, orderly and well 
governed villages. Very many others have become members 
of the Church and many more, having heard the Elders explain 
the principles of the gospel, purpose doing so; and as to do so 
it will be necessary for them to give up their vices and reform 
their lives, in all probability they will soon be following the 
same course as those we have mentioned that have made such 
advancement. 

How different is all this from the course which has been 
pursued by the agents appointed by the Government to deal 
with the Indians ! Instead of securing to them their rights, 
and trying to induce them to lead better lives, these agents in 
most cases have enriched themselves by plundering the Indians, 
broken every treaty they have made with them, developed the 
worst instincts of their savage natures by furnishing them 
whisky, driven them to desperation by ill-treatment and by 
taking their property from them without compensation, and 
then raised a cry about Indian outrages. 
There was a time when the Indians on this continent out- 
numbered by far the 
white men, and they 
were therefore great- 
ly feared. The policy 
pursued by the white 
settlers then was very 
different to that 
whi'h prevails gen- 
erally now. Discrc- 
? tion taught them to 
troat the Indians in a 
f conciliatory manner; 
1 and the kindness ex- 
tended to the latter 
was generally recip- 
rocated bv them. 
Cur engraving fur- 
nishes us an illustra- 
tion of the friendly 
intercourse that ex- 
isted between the 
early Eut;h setters 
of New York ai.d 
the Indians. The 
worthy Dutch people 
are here pictured 
trading with them 
for lurs; and we see some of the Indians carrying their wares 
from a canoe which is moored near by, up on the shore. 
The intercourse between those people was not only friendly 
and pleasant, but quite profitable to the Dutch traders and 
satisfactory to the In lians. There is no reason why the same 
friendly feeling -hould u-n uo«- uxist between the red and the 
white men. 




Wouldn't you call a man a fool who should spend all his 
time fishing up oysters, with the expectation of finding a pearl? 
But is he redly more unwise than hundreds who, with their 
h lilds in their pockets and cigars in their mouths arc waiting 
foi M.mrtliimr to turn up or turn over, that will throw them at 
once into business or fortune? They may wait till doomsday 
and longer if possible— before their fond expectation will be 
realized. If there is a kind of lire we abominate, it is that 
lingering, waiting, lazy, dreamy suit of existence alluded to. 





jr T7 "V E 1ST 1 J_ .E I1TSTRUCTOB. 




1 g r a # h g ♦ 

crossm smith, 

H? IR, O I 3 HI IE T . 



THUS 




CUiilbren. you would be filled with horror if we were to 
' describe to you the sufferings which the Saints were 
compelled to endure in Jackson county, Missouri, at the hands 
of the mob. Those wicked people saw that the Saints were 
gathering to Zion from various parts, and they became 
alarmed. Had they been well-disposed, good people they 
would have welcomed the Saints gladly. But they saw that 
the Saints, though poor, were industrious and united. If 
they continued to increase, they saw that they would out- 
number, and consequently, outvote them. They could not 
bear the thought of this. Their preachers encouraged them 
in their wickedness, and one of them— Finis Ewing — declared 
that ''the Mormons were the common enemies of mankind, 
aud ought to be destroyed." They published all manner of 
tl thi ~.iiiits, calling them everything that was evil, 
aud endeavoring to stir up prejudice aud hatred against 
them. 

The mob tore down the printing office and destroyed its 

contents, and tarred and feathered and otherwise abused 

Bishop Edward Partridge and other brethren. A petition 

which was signed by all the members of the Church, was 

sent to the Governor of Missouri, Daniel Dunklin. But 

nothing was done to protect the Saints against the mob. 

They were more violent afterwards, aud burned houses, des- 

property and committed all manner of outrages upon 

men, women and children of the Saints. And that the mob 

do this with greater impunity, some of the officers of 

gave the Saints assurances of protection, and took 

their arms from them for, as they said, safe keeping. 

On the nights of the 5th and 6th of November, 1833, 
women d in every direction before the merciless 

mob. One party of about one hundred and fifty children 

fled to the prairie in ' thej i li red about there for several 

days without ani of shelter to go into. There 

ibout six men with them to protect them. These chil- 
dren were thus compelled to suffer because they were Latter- 
dntS. Their father- bid to hide away from the mob, 

who hunted them as tl 1 wild beasts. Their mothers 

i e :ape from the violence of those wicked 

On the night of the 13th of No ml iS33, while the 

ider such temporary shelter as 

beheld — I gioriou , signs in the 

an. Tie- stars fell from heaven in such numbers that 

1 1 seemed as if every star 
in the wide expanse of heaven bad been suddenly hurled 
from ii and sent lawless through pa e To the Saints 

the app nee o : igns was gi and b< . ond description, 
ind to the wicked they wen terrific and awful. This wa one 
signs thai the coming of Chrisf is not far off. and was 
a caus< iomfoi'1 I i the Saints in their distressed and 

ion, 

i from Jackson I 'ountj fr tin 

of Zion - leprived of the prn ilege oi building the 
• nts were glad to obtain refuge wherever they 



could. Some moved into Van Buren county; but they were 
not permitted to settle there. The people of that County 
drove them out. Many of those who settled in La Fayette 
county were expelled from there also. Iu Clay County, where 
the brethren mostly settled, they were received with some 
degree of kindness. 

Joseph, during all this time, was not idle. He would 
gladly have joined the people in Jackson County, and suffered 
with them, had it been wisdom for him to have done so. 
But the Lord did not wish him to go up there; he was needed 
iu Rutland. Had he gone up to Missouri, the fury of the mob 
would have been increased towards the Church; and though 
his presence would have been a comfort to the Saints, yet it 
was better as the Lord had ordered. Joseph wrote them 
encouraging letters, giving them 'the word of the Lord, and 
counseling them not to sell their lauds in Jackson County, 
but to retain the ownership of them. Though the enemies 
of the Kingdom of God had driven and afflicted the children 
of the Kingdom, still Zion would not be moved. The Lord 
revealed to Joseph that great judgments and indignation 
would be poured upon those wicked people, and they would 
be destroyed, while the Saints would yet have the privilege— 
of which they had been deprived — to build up the Center 
Stake of Zion. 

Under Joseph's directions active preparations were made 
for the erection of a Temple at Kirtlaud. In October, 1833, 
he took a mission to the Eastern States and to Canada. He 
preached considerably to people who had never heard the 
Gospel and baptized many into the Church. After his return, 
he had a printing office established at Kirtland, and com- 
menced the publication of the "Evening and Morning Star." 

Children, those were the days which tried men's souls. 
Think of those children who were compelled to wander on the 
prairie iu the cold for days and nights without auy shelter! 
Contrast their condition with yours. They had no comfortable 
homes and food aud clothing. Those wicked people had 
driven them and their parents away. You have all these 
blessings. Your parents are not in fear of being driven away 
from their homes, or of being killed, and having their houses, 
stock aud grain destroyed. The Lord has given you a peace- 
able home in these mountains, and the wicked, though they 
are and have been all the time trying, have never been able 
to molest you. For all these things, little readers, you should 
be very thankful to the Lord, aud iu your prayers you should 
inber His goodness. 

Many of the calamities that Joseph prophesied would come 
upon the people of Jackson County have already been experi- 
enced by them. During the late war between the North and 
:le South, the people of that section suffered terribly. All 
the abuse and sufferings that they had heaped upon the 
-lie:-, they more than received from one another. They 
\, ere shot, their houses and fences were burned down, their 
grain was destroyed, aud their stock stolen and driven off, and 
they were hunted from place to place. They began to learn 
that the justice of God never sleeps. 

(To he Continued.) 



Honesty. — There is no man but for his own interest hath 
an obligation to be honest. There may be sometimes temp- 
tation- to be otherwise; but, all things considered, he shall 
find it the greatest ease and contentment, the highest profit, 
the best pleasure, tin 1 most safety, and the noblest fame, 
t i l>e honest. 





J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE I^TSTIRTJOTOIB. 



313 




"WOIE^IDS O.F 1 "WISDOM. 

Tins is what Peter Cooper said to the graduates of Cooper 
Union: 

While yet a child, I learned that "the hand of the diligent 
maketh rich." and whatever wealth I have achieved, has been 
due, primarily to habits of patient industry formed at the 
outset of my career. I soon learned that "waste makes 
want," and I therefore saved what I earned, and by ' t tking 
stitches in time," guarded against the loss whbb unavoidably 
attends upon neglect and want of foresight. It did not take 
me long to learn that drunkenness caused the larger portion of 
poverty, vice and crime, which afflict the American people] 
and hence, until advancing age seemed to demand moderate 
stimulants I can-fully avoided alcoholic liquids as the greatest 
foe to domestic happiness and the public welfare. 

Next, I observed that most of the shipwrecks of life were 
due to debts contracted hastily and out of proportion to the 
means of the debtor: and hence, I always avoided debt, and 
endeavored to always have some money unhand to avail my- 
self of an opportunity of its favorable use. With economy 
and industry it is easy to do this in this favored country; aud 
in my case the result has been, amid all the financial revolutions 
through which I have passed, an obligation of mine- has never 
been a day in arrears. Debt is a slavery which every young man 
ought to avoid, or, if assumed, might not to endure tor oue 
day longer than the shortest time necessary to set him free. 
Shunning intemperance and debt, it is easy to be honest, and 
acquire such knowledge as the opportunities of this city afford d 
in the days of my youth. Love and duty I have ever found 
to be the password of all that is true: and when they are 
separated, the fires die out and life loses all its charm-:, never 
to be compensated by the false jewels which are often worn in 
public gaze.. These are indeed, simple truths which I have 
endeavored to set forth in words equally simple, because I 
feel sure from a very long experience that they do good to 
every young man and young woman who will firmly resolve to 
make them a rule of life: and because I began life without 
means, and know of a truth that which I affirm. 




Legend of the Passifloka. — A legend we have rend -ays 
that the "passion flower" was first discovered in Brazil, 
and its wonders were soon proclaimed to Christian kingdoms, 
as representing the passion of our Lord, whence its present 
appellation. 

The leaves were said exactly to resemble the -pear that 
pierced our Saviour's side, the cords that bound His hands, 
and the whips that scourged Him. The ten petals are the 
twelve apostles, Judas having betrayed and Peter deserted. 
The pillar in the centre was the cross or tree, the stamens the 
hammers, the styles the nails, the inner circle about the 
central pillar the crown of thorns, and the radiations the 
glory; the white in the flower the emblem of purity, an 1 blue 
the type of heaven. In the "passiflora alata" drops of 1-1 iod 
are seen on the cross or tree. The flower keeps open three 
days, and then disappears, denoting the resurrection. 

By letting the flower remain in a basin of water tor a day 
or two, every alternate petal those with the thorn or point. 
ascend or close towards tic middle, while the other fi\ 
downward, denoting the live wise and five foolish virgins, the 
thorn being tic lamp. 



in i: own heart, not other nun'- opinions, forms our true 
nor. 



VALUE OIF .A. CIEjNTT. 



It is an old saying that, "A pin a day is a groat a year;" by 
which common expression, some wise man has iuteuded to 
teach thoughtless people the value of small savings. We 
shall endeavor to show the value of a somewhat higher article, 
though a much despised one — we mean a cent. 

Cents, like minutes, are often thrown away, because people 
do not know what to do with them. Tho.-e who are econ- 
omists of time, (and all tha great men on record have been 
so, ) take care of the minutes, for they know that a few minutes 
well applied, each day, will make hours in the course of a 
week, and days in the course of a year: and in the course of a 
long lit'' will make enough of time, if well employed, in which 
a man, by perseverance, may accomplish some work usefi 1 
t i his fellow-creatures and honorable to himself. 

Large fortunes, when gained honestly, are rarely acquired 
in any other way than by small savings at first, and savings 
can only be made b» habits of industry and temperance. A 
-;r.iriL r man. therefore, while be is adding to his general stock 
of wealth, is setting an example of those virtues on which the 
very existence and happiness of society depend. There are 
saving people who are misers, and have no one good quality 
for which we can like them. Those are not the kind of people 
of whom we are speaking; but, we may remark, that a miser, 
though a disagreeable fellow while alive, is a very useful 
person when dead. He has been compared to a tree which, 
while it is growing, can be applied to no u:-e. but at last 
furnishes timber for houses and domestic utensils. But a 
miser is infinitely more useful than a spendthrift — a mere 
consumer and. waster — who. after he has spent all his own 
money, trie- to spend that of other people. 

Suppose a young man just beginning to work for himself. 
could save but five cents a day — and we believe there are few 
that cannot do it. Who could not save this amount daily from 
his expenditures, without lessening his comforts? Yet this, 
with the accumulating interest, in the course of ten years, will 
amount to the -nm of two hundred and thirty dollars, sixty- 
foir cents; in twenty years, to six hundred and sixty-three 
dollar-, fifty-eight cents; in thirty years, to one thousand three 
hundred and ninety ~i x dollar-, sixty-seven cents: in forty 
years, to two thousand eight hundred and fifty-five dollars, 
forty-two cent-; and in fifty years, to five thou and three 
" hundred and fifty-four dollars, thirteen cents. 

It will appear, from this mode of calculation, that the 
amount doubles in about ten years. Let the process be con- 
tinued two hundred years, and the trifling sum of five cents 
each day will prodll total of one hundred and fifty millions 

of dollars; equal, perhaps, to all the banking capital in the 
United States. 



Doctors' Canes — It was formerly the practice among 
physicians to carry a cane having a hollow head, the top of 
which was c old, pierced with boles like a pepper box. The 

top contained a -mall quantity of aromatic powder, or of snuff; 

and ntering a !i ms ■ room where a disease supposed to 

infectious prevailed, the doctor would strike his cane on the 
floor to agitate 'be powder, and then apply it to hi- nose. 
Hence all the old print- of physicians represent them with 
cane- to their noses. 



Tn i: dog in the kenne 
hunting does nol feel iln m 



1 barks at fleas, but the doj 





214= 



JTIJ-VEISriljE INSTBUOTOE;. 




IHI^IPIPY AOCIDE1TTS. 




THE cracking of a picture placed in the sunshine set ^ an 
Eyck experimenting to produce a varnish that would Jo- 
in the shade. He found what he sought, and found beside 
that by mixing it with his colors they acquired greater force 
and brilliancy, and required no subsequent varnishing; and so 
came about the di.-c very, or rediscovery, of the art of painting 
in oil. Mezzotinto owed its invention by Prince Rupert to 
the simple accident ol a .-entry's gun-barrel beine lusted by 
the dew. Henry Schanwa d. a Nuremberg glass-cutter, 
happened to let some aquafortis fall upon his spectacles, and 
noticed the glass was corroded and softened where the aqua- 
fortis had touched it Taking the hint, he made a liquid 
accordingly, diew some figures upon a piece of glass, covered 
them witl varnish, and applying his corro ling fluid, cut away 
the glass around his drawing, so that when he removed the 
varnish the figures appeared raised upon a dark ground; and 
etching upon glass was added to the ornamental arts. Alois 
Senefelder, playwright aud actor, thinking it possible to etch 
upon stone in lieu of copper, polished a slab for the purpose. 
He was disturbed by bis mother coming into his small labor- 
atory with the request that he would jot down her list of 
things for the wash, as the woman was waiting to take the 
basket away. There being neither paper nor ink handy. 
Senefelder .scribbled the items on his Stone with his etching 

preparation, that he might copy them at his leisure. Sumo 
time afterward, when about to clean the -tone, he thought he 
might as well see what would be the effect of biting the stone 
with aqua-fortis, and in a few minutes saw the writing standing 
out in relief. Taking up a pelt-ball charged with printing-ink, 
he inked the -Ion.', took off a few impressions upon paper, 
aud he had invented lithography. The pelt-ball used by 
ilder wa~ long indispensable in a printing-office. A 
Salopian printer in a hurry to get on with a job, could not 
find his ball, and inked the form with a piece of solt glue that 
had fallen OUl of the g'.ue pot, with such excellent results 
that he thenceforth discarded the pelt-ball altogether, and by 
adding treacle to the glue to keep it from hardening, bit upon 
the composition of which printers' rollers have ever sii 

been made. 

Three very different discoveries are recorded to have resulted 
from the unintenti mal application of intense heat Pliny 
attributes the discovery of glass to some merchants traveling 

with nitre, who, stopping on the banks ol a river to take a 
meal, Wei - for Btones to rest their kettles upon. 

Putting them upon pieoes of nitre, they kindled their fires; 

: . dissolved by the beat, mixed with the -and. and the 

merchants » ire istonished to see a transparent matter flowing 

over the gi ''in I. which was nothing else but glass. Charles 

.;ar had for years experimented in vain, hoping to 
r n, r, ni ptibilitj t.> the action of heat 

and cold Conversing with a friend on the subject, he 
emphasized an a sortion by flinging a piece of pulphured 
rubber aoi — the ro 'in. It lighted upon the stove; and when 
he picked it up a few davs afterward, he found tic intense 

to which it had been I had conlerred upon the 

india-rubber jn-t the quality ho bad SO long Striven to impart 

to it A. lording to some he scumbled upon the discoverj in 
a different m inner; but, at any rate, vulcanized india-rubber 
was tic creation of an accident A Limerick tobacconist, 
lookinL' dolefully at bis poor neighbors groping among the 
lering ruin- of Id- buried out shop, noticed that - ime ol 
them, after tiying the com oertain canisters, carefully 



loaded their waistcoat pockets from them. He followed suit, 
and found the snuff had come out of the fiery ordeal very 
much improved in pungency and aroma. L'ke a wise man ho 
said nothing, but took another place, set up a lot of ovens, 
and belbre long Black Yard Snuff — otherwise "Irish Black- 
guard'' — was all the rage with lovers of nasal titillation; and 
in a few years Lundyfoot was a rich man, owing to the accident 
he thought had ruined him. A would-be alchemist seeking 
to discover what mixture of earth would make the strongest 
crucibles, one day found he had made porcelain. Instead of 
transmuting metals, as he had fondly hoped to do, Bottger 
transmuted himself; "as if he had been touched with a 
conjurer's wand, he was on a sudden transformed from an 
alchemist into a potter." 



jk Ifrij? to TOutj ^nti^ode^. 



CHAPTER XVIII. 



BY IITIGn KNOUGH. 



CAPTAIN C(»>K visited New Zealand several times during his 
last three voyages of discovery. He quitted it for the last 
time in 1777, just two years before his melancholy death at 
Hawaii, in the Sandwich Islands. A few years after this New 
Zealand began to be occasionally visited by whaling ships, and 
in the year 1X14 the church missionary society of England 
established a mission, in charge of a Mr. Marsden, at the Bay 
of Islands, in the north part of the North Island. Also about 
this time Australian merchants began to open up a trade with 
the Maoris and whalers, dealing principally in timber, whale- 
bone, oil, etc. 

Captain Cook, in his lifetime, had urged on the British 
governmem the colonization of these beautiful islands, and 
Benjamin Franklin, the great American statesman, attempted 
the same thing; but nothing was done in the way of colonizing 
until the year !So7, when a company was formed in England 
Styled "The New /.'aland Land Company," and the first ship 
load of emigrants left Rngland on ilie 12th of May of that 
year, under the command of Col. Wakefield, who held instruc- 
tions to purchase land from the natives and to select the site 
of the first settlement. They arrived in August of the same 
year, and port Nicholson (since named Wellington) was selected 
for their new home. This settlement comprised the south 
part of the North Island, and in the year 1840 the northern 
part of the island was settled, and given the name of Auck- 
land. New Plymouth, or Taranaki, on the western part of 
the island, was settled in 1841; Nelson, on the north of the 
Middle Island, was settled tin 1 same year. Otago, the south 

part of the Middle Island, was colonized in March, IS4S, by a 
Scotch company, working in connection with the English com- 
pany, and by means of its machinery, under the auspices of 
the free Kit k ol Scotland, and who appropriated a portion of 
its revenues in aiding the said church. In IS.W the central 
part of the Middle Island was in like manner settled by mem- 
bers of the Church of England, who gave it the name of 
Canterbury. Several of these settlements have since been 
subdivided under the name of provinces. Li the North Island 
the province- are Auckland, Hawk's Bay, Taranaki and Wel- 
lington; in the Middle Island there are Nelson, Marlboro' 





J TJ "V IEIsT I nil B HTSTRTJCTOB 



915 




Canterbury, Otago, Westland and Southland, Stewart's Island 
being included in the latter province. 

The chief towns of New Zealand, with their respective 
population, as taken in 1S74, are, Dunedin (Otago), 26,000 
inhabitants; Auckland, 21,000; Christchurch (Canterbury), 
20,000, and Wellington, 18,000. Other towns of less note arc 
Lyttleton, Tiniaru, Oatnaru, Port Chalmers, Invercargill, 
Hokitika, Nelson, Napier, Taranaki, etc. Auckland, Welling- 
ton, Lyttleton and Port Chalmers are fine seaport towns, and 
have as fine harbors as can be found anywhere. 

Of the population of New Zealand, the males exceed the 
females by fully one third. A thorough system of immigration 
has been going on for years past, so that the population has 
increased tenfold in twenty years. The census of last year 
shows a population of over 300,000 whites, and of Maoris, 
37,000 in the North, and about 3,000 in the Middle Wand. 

The colonists are chiefly of English, Scotch and Welsh de- 
scent, with a scattering ot Irish, French and Scandinavians; 
and of late quite a number of families from the United States 
and Canada. Immigration is still going on, and there is plenty 
of room for more colonists, for now there are not quite four 
persons to the square mile, whereas in England the average 
population amounts to the enormous number of 389 persons to 
the same area. 

Compare this with Utah, which has not quite three persons 
to the mile, and then wonder how people can manage to move 
about and have room to work in little England. Why, many 
towns there have more people in them than there are either 
in all Utah, or New Zealand. 

The executive government of New Zealand is nominally 
vested in a governor appointed by the Queen of Great Britain; 
but he is bound to act, as is, in fact, the Queen herself, in 
deference to the representatives of the people. No doubt, in 
cases of direct imperial interest, the governor would act under 
orders of the imperial government, that is, that of Great Brit- 
ain. The legislative power is vested in the governor and two 
chambers, much the same as in Utah; and the colonists have 
sometimes delays and annoyances caused by the imperial gov- 
ernment, as the people of Utah have from Congress. 

Any man of the age of twenty-cne or upwards who is a 
born or naturalized British subject and who has paid taxes can 
vote. An interesting item is that four of the members of the 
House of Representatives are natives, elected, under a special 
law, by natives alone. 

Tin' colony, as has been before described, is divided into 
nine provinces; each of which has an elective superintendent, 
and a provincial council, also elective. These councils legis- 
late for the peace, order and good government of the provinces, 
can raise and appropriate provincial revenues; and, in fact, 
with the exception of the sale and disposal of crown lands 
and occupation of gold fields, which is vested in the colonial 
legislature, the councils do pretty nearly all the laborious 
legislative work. Most towns have municipal corporation', 
with mayors, councils, etc., and in country districts there are 
elective road boards, charged with the construction of roads 
and bridges and other local matters. There are also local 
boards of health, appointed under a public health act. 

In our next we shall speak of the agriculture and manu- 
factures of New Zealand; also its social condition, schools, etc. 




[noolence ii a distressing Btato; we must be doing some- 
thing to be happy. Action i- no lc,s nccesstry than thought 
to the instinctive tendencies of the human fra 



^Pucslion** and ^nsiver^ 

ON THE 

ibooik: o e imzozR/^iousj". 



LK8SOJJ CXI I. 

Q. — When His disciples had brought bread and wine, what did 
Jesus command them to do? 

A. — To partake of it themselves and give it to the multitude. 

Q. — After He had finished speaking to the multitude what did 
He do? 

A. — He touched His desciples one by one, and spoke to them. 

Q. — What power did Jesus thus bestow upon them7 

A. — Power to give the Holy Ghost. 

Q. — What occurred after He had done this? 

A. — A cloud overshadowed the multitude, and He, unseen by 
them, ascended to heaven. 

Q.— During the following day, what did the people do? 

A. — They again assembled, but in much greater numbers. 

Q.— What did Nephi and the rest of the disciples do? 

A. — They separated the multitude into twelve parts, and min- 
istered unto them. 

Q.— After prayer, what did the disciples do? 

A.— They went down to the water's edge, followed by the 
multitude. 

Q.— What was done there? 

A. — Nephi was baptized, and he afterwards baptized the other 
disciples. 

Q.— What did the people then witness'' 

A. — Angels ministering to the disciples, and fire encircling 
them, in the midst of which Jesus came from heaven. 

Q.— After Jesus had finished speaking, and had ascended into 
hi aven, what did His disciple3 do? 

A.— They began to preach to the people and to baptize the 
heiievers. 

OUST THE BIBLE. 



Q — What answer did the Lord make unto David? 

A. — "Go, and smite the Philistines and save Keilnh," 

Q. — What did David's men say when they heard this? 

A. — "Behold we be afraid here in Judah: how much more thin 
if we come tc Kcilah against the armies of the Philistines." 

Q._What did David then do? 

A. — He "enquired of the Lord yet again." 

Q. — What answer did the Lord make? 

A. — "Arise, go down to Kcilah; for I will deliver the Philis- 
tines into thine hand." 

Q.— What was the result 9 

A.— "David and his men fought with the Philistines, and 
brought away their cattle, and smote them with a great slaugh- 
ter." 

Q— When Abiathar lied to David, in Kcilah, what did he bring 

in his hand? 

A. — An ephod. 

q.— What did Saul -ay, whn.it was told him that David was 
come to Kcilah? 

A.— "God hath delivered him into mine hand; tor he is shut in 
by entering a town that hath gate- and bars." 

Q. — What did Saul then do? 

A.— lie, "called the people together to war to go down to Kcilah, 
to bi iegi David and his men." 

Q.—Wbat did David do when he knew that Saul was s.vr.tl.. 

practicing mischief against him? 

A. — "lie -ail to Abiathar, the priest, bring hither the cphod." 
o— What enquiry did David then make of the Lord? 
j\ — Whctler Saul would OOme down With hi« men ti> D 
Kcilah. 

Q._Whttl WOi the Lorl'l reply? 
/. —"He would come do* I 




7 



16 



JUTB^ILB TiTSTBTJOTOB 




j^Xj^a^j^^s h: e .a. :r, both sides 



SoNfi & Chorus — [TVne: '-T' it Old I'ntonuic S/uore."] 



Words by W.m. Willes, 
Moderate: 



How 



:*>J^ — 






- — s — s — 



Mustc Arranged by Prof. C. J. Thomas. 

ft > > * 



L'ain our acts And deem li i m not "U 



— ^—m — I— "•' — i 



a, 



knew our thought- Twou.d be the other 



way. But a- thev on 



*==v^ q 



see me - d«, No 



Kinrrp 



jhar - i - tv be - 



F^cftz 






I 



:=fe: 



:Jt 



stow;Thej straight condemn or else deride, Our motives the j don' t know;They straight condemn or else deride, Our motives they don't know 

g ft § ft. ft | ft > 'ft ft £ ft__ 

Always hear both sides, Always hear both sides, Let rqual rights all 



mm enjoy, Ard 



i 






adfcrzfe 



■E#3L3 



I 



=ttq— i 



aiwyBs li'ar both sides, Let 

M. > N ^ 

__. «• — » — «. «, — _ m -—m- 

&»± 1 I :r^Z=5= 



3— *=q>=^=£: 

equal rights all 

q=ff=ff=ff=*r 

d — * — * — * — i*~ 



men enjoy, And 
^ • * <* 



always hear both 

-*- 5 > r« 

W • — <p — 1 j| 



sides 



All men }>y motives will be judged 
And not from outside show; 
Whatever in the heart is lodged 
How can frail mortals know? 
'Mnng men the difference is small, 
Porfeetion's never found. 
We're all partakers of the Fall 
In this wide world around. 



The woman they to .lesus brought 
How loudly they accused, 
For, she in sin bad just been caught. 
But He their plea refused; 
And gave them all to understand 
That each quite free from sin 
A stone might east with guileless hand- 
Not one would dare begin. 



S U 3ST ID ^ Y LBSSONS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TF < HISTORY Of JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON XXXVII. 




Q.— When did Joseph and the Elders arrive in Kirtland Ohio? 

A.— Mn the 27th of August. 

Q.— Where did Joseph Smith then go to with his family'' 

A. — Hi- removed to the township of Hiram, in Portage Co., 

Ohio. 

Q. — How far was tin- from Kirtland? 

A . — Abut thirty miles 

Q. — While here, what labor was Joseph engaged in? 

A. — In the new translation of the Bil 

Q.— Who wrote for him? 

A. — iidnev Rig 

Q.— At whose s did J family bulge? 

A. — At the house of John Johnson. 

Q. — What happened about this I 

A.— Orson Hyde was baptized in Kirtland, on the first Sunday 

ber, 1831. 
Q.— When and where was the next conference held? 
A.— On the lltfa of October, at the house of Bro. Johnson. 



Q.— When wa- it adjourned to? 
A.— To the 25th of October. 
Q.— Where was it held 9 

A. — At the home of Bro Burnett, in Orange, Cuyahoga Co. 
Q. — Who were present al this conference? 
A. — Twelve high priest-, seventeen elders, four priests, three 
teachers and four deacon-, besides a large congregation. 

Q. — Where did Joseph go to, after this conference was over? 
A. — He returned to Hiram. 



JTJVIEItTIIjIrl] IUSTHTJOTOR 

I- Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST Ic FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE G. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Cirpy, jit Annum — — $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^ay-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




