K- 





NO. T. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1866. 



VOL1. 



. |>aetti|. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
CHILD'S MORNING PRAYER. 

I thank thee, dear Father in Heaven above, 
For thy goodne3s and mercy, thy kindness and 

love; 
I thank thee for home, friends and parents _so 

dear, * 

And for every blessing that I enjoy here. 
Bless father, and comfort my dear mother's heart, 
To brothers and sisters thy Spirit impart; 
Bless Brigham and Heber and every good man, 
Let peace fill the world through Thy gospel's 

sweet plan; 
Help me to be good, kind and gentle to-day, 
And mind what my father and mother shall say ;" 
In the name of dear Jesus, so loving and mild, 

I ask thee to bless me and keep me thy child. 

S. 

■■ i* i i y^p i > rf' H i ■ 



$tagrapittj, 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. 

(continued.) 

We wish our little friends to always remember 
the manner in winch Joseph received the authority 
to baptize men and women. He did not get the 
Authority from any Church or auy man that lived 
on the earth. He received it from heaven. This 
is the great difference between our . Church — the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints — and 
all the other Churches known among men. This 
Church is properly organized according to God's 
will and direction, He having given all necessary 
commandments oh this subject; and the authority 
by which it is built up is pure, rit having came 
direct from Him, through the heavenly beings whom 
He sent to the earth. 

It was because this authority came from God, that 
Satan and wicked men hated and persecuted Joseph, 
and all those who believed his w6rds, when he was 
alive, and that they still hate and persecute the 

Saints. 

After Joseph and Oliver Cowdery had been or- 
dained and baptized, the spirit of persecution became 
very stroi'g in the neighborhood where they were 
living. Professors of religion threatened to mob 
them, and they would have done so had it not been 
for Joseph's wife's family. But their threats did 
not prevent Joseph from pursuing his labors. Be- 
sides continuing to translate the Book of Mormon, 
he and Oliver reasoned with the people out of the 
scriptures, and convinced some of the truth. 

In June, 1829, David Whitmer came to the place 
where they were residing, and desired them to go 
with him to his father's place, in Fayette, Seneca 
County, New York, and the family would assist 
Joseph in his labors. Joseph complied with the 
invitation and remained there until the translation 
of the Book of Mormon was completed. The peo- 
ple in that neighborhood were friendly disposed, 
and listened with willingness to the truths which 
Joseph taught them. In the same month in which 
they moved there they baptized several persons, 
among the rest Joseph had the pleasure of baptizing 
his brother Hyrum. His brother Samuel H. Smith 
had been baptized at Harmony, Pennsylvania, be- 



fore they moved to Fayette. From this time for- 
ward they continued to baptize. 

In the beginning of the Book of Mormon you 
will see the testimony of three witnesses, Oliver 
Cowdery, David Whitmer and Martin Harris. 
These men were very anxious to be the three wit- 
nesses to the Book of Mormon, which that Book 
(English edition, page 102,) speaks about. God 
granted unto them that desire. An angel of God 
brought the plates unto them and turned over the 
leaves one by one, so that they could see them and 
the engravings which were upon them. They also had 
the privilege of seeing the breastplate which was in 
the box with the plates, aud the sword of Lab an 
(see Book of Mormon, page 8, English edition,) and 
the Urim and Thummim. Eight other witnesses 
also gave their testimony, which is also published 
iu the Book of Mormon. Their names are Chris- 
tian Whitmer, Jacob Whitmer, Peter Whitmer, Jr., 
John Whitmer, Hiram Page, Joseph Smith, Sen., 
Hyrum Smith and Samuel H. Smith. They testify 
that Joseph showed them the plates and that they 
handled them. These, including Joseph, made 
twelve men who were witnesses to the Book of 
Mormon. 

When the translation' of the Book was finished 
Joseph made arrangements for five thousand copies 
to be printed. It was published at Palmyra, 
Wayne Co., New York. 

The sixth day of April, 1830, was the day ap- 
pointed by the_ Lord for the organization of the 
Church. In the meantime Joseph and Oliver Cow- 
dery had received the fulfillment of the promise re- 
specting the Melchisedeck priesthood. Peter, 
James aud John bestowed upon them the apostle- 
ship. On the day mentioned the Church was or- 
ganized, at Fayette, Seneca County, -New York, 
with six members. Their names were Joseph 
Smith, Juu., Oliver Cowdery, Hyrum Smith, 
Peter Whitmer, Jun., Samuel H. Smith and 
David Whitmer. Bread aud wine were partaken 
of, in memory of the Lord's death, and Joseph 
and Oliver Cowdery were ordained and were re- 
ceived by the Church, by vote, as their sjnritual 
teachers— Joseph as the first Elder and Oliver 
Cowdery as the second Elder of the Church, then 
hands were laid on those who had been baptized 
for the Holy Ghost to be bestowed upon them. 

Thus was a true and living church once more or- 
ganized upon the earth — a church which God 
could call His own, and in which His power and 
gifts and blessings could be manifested. 

Children, you can see what a glorious reward 
Joseph received in answer to his faith. In the 
Bible (James 5th chapter, 16th verse) we are told 
that "tire effectual fervent prayer of a righteous 
man availeth much." Joseph's prayers, while yet 
a boy, had been of great avail; they brought bless- 
ings upon himself and upon all mankind who 
loved the truth. Through his faith he had been 
enabled to obtain light, knowledge and certainty 
upon subjects of which the world had been igno- 
rant for generations; and the heavens had been 
opened to him and the gospel and priesthood, which 
are very great blessings to all mankind, if they will 
receive them. Joseph loved the truth and would 
rather die than be false to it; and, therefore, the 



Lord chose him to be His servant and placed him 
at the head of His kingdom on the earth. 

The example which Joseph gave unto all men 
should not be forgotten by any little boy or girl 
who loves God and desires to be His child. By 
reading his history children can see that to be truly 
great, to be beloved of God and of all good people, 
they must love the truth and be willing to endure 



all things for its sake. 



*"*» 



[For The Juvenile Instructor. 

C III CKE TING. 







Yery few who are spectators, know that cricket 
is a very scientific game, requiring quickness of 
sight, good judgmemt, exceedingly rapid thought 
and corresponding promptitude of action; yet all 
these qualities are indispensable to a good cricketer. 
He may strike *a second too soon or too late, may 
hit too high or too low, and the result is very apt 
to be a mortifying one, for, if the ball is correctly 
delivered, he is "bowled out," or, escaping that, he 
runs an equally great risk of being "caught out," or 
"stumped out." 

To explain these terms it is necessary that the 
reader should understand some of the rules govern- 
ing the game. The implements used are a bat, 
which is generally made of willow, (a wood at once 
light, tough and springy,) six wickets and a ball. 
The ball is made of cotton yarn, tightly wound and 
covered with sole leather; and it is very hard. The 
wickets, or, as they are sometimes called, the 
stumps, are driven into the ground, three at each 
end, with a space between of twenty-two yards. 
The object is to knock them down with the ball. 
Eleven players on each side are required to make 
what is called a full field, thirteen only of whom 
play at one time,, eleven fielders being the whole of 
one side, and two batters from the opposite side. 

I*n the wood cut above the bowler at the left 
hand side is in the act of delivering the ball, the 
batter at the right hand side has his bat on the 
ground in front of the three wickets, and is pre- 
pared for the ball. The man immediately behind, 
with his hands on his knees, is called the wicket 
keeper. All the other fielders have names denoting 
their respective positions. The wicket keeper is 
captain of the field. 

We will suppose the ball to be delivered with all 
the force the bowler is capable of; if it is straight, 
the batter will simply stop it with his bat, which is 
called blocking, if it is either a little to the right or 
left he will strike at it with his whole strength, and 
if he succeeds in sending it between or beyond the 
fielders, he will run as fast as he can and exchange 
places with the batter at the opposite wicket, which 
counts one; if there is time, they will run back 



26 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



r*r-"~'- j* ^- _~j-„- y^ „- . 



again, which counts two for the striker and so on. 
The ball is thrown in as quickly as possible to either 
the bowler or wicket keeper, and if the batters are 
not there, he knocks down the wickets with the ball, 
and the batter who happens to be away from them 
is out and plays no more for that game. His place 
is filled by the next in order, and so on until all are 
out. The side who have scored the greater num- 
ber of runs win the game. 

As I said in the commencement, a batter may be 
put out in several ways. I will enumerate some of 
them. If he allows a ball to knoc'k down his wick- 
ets he is said to be bowled out; if after striking the 
ball it is caught before it touches the ground, he is 
said to be caught out; if the ball is thrown in while 
the batters are running and the wickets are knocked 
down, he is said to be run out; if the batter stops 
the ball wtth his feet or legs, and the umpire—of 
whom there are two, one at each end — decides that' 
the ball if not so stopped would have struck the 
wickets, the batter is out, and is not allowed to ex- 
press an opinion as to whether the ball was straight 
or not. If the batter steps a little forward or at 
one side to strike, or, if in striking, the swing of his bat 
should cause him to move his foot "off his ground" 
and the wicket keeper; can get the ball and knock 
down the wickets before the batter can get back, 
he is said to be stumped out. There are other cau- 
ses, such as strokes called foul, &c, that will oblige 
him to surrender the bat, so that it ceases to be a 
matter of surprise that players, considered as aver- 
age, make but a very insignificant score, when in 
addition to the foregoing we take into consideration 
the fact of the bowler delivering balls in a manner 
purposely calculated to deceive; for instance he will 
aim three or four inches to the right or left of the 
wickets, and as the ball leaves his hand will twist 
or spin it in a contrary direction so as to make it 
turn in; he will make it bound just over the top of 
the bat; will pitch it so that it falls just in front but 
out of reach; at times keep it close to the ground; 
and, in fact, deliver just such balls as in his judg- 
ment the batter cannot strike. A failure to carry 
out his design is the batter's chance, which he in* 
variably makes the most of. 

As an exercise, cricketing is in the front rank for 
those who are vigorous. Indeed it would be diffi- 
cult to find one calling into more general action the 
whole body and mind, without a particular strain 
being demanded from any one set of muscles or 
nerves. It would take up too much space to par- 
ticularize or point out its many advantages as an 
athletic exercise, its bearing in improving general 
carriage, elasticity of movement, expansion of lungs 
and chest, increased breathing power, &c. If 
thought on the part of the reader is engendered, it 
is infinitely better than that I should add to this 
perhaps already too lengthy article. L. 

NEVER GIVE A KICK FOR A HIT. 

I learned a good lesson when I was a little 
girl, says a lady. One frosty morning I was look- 
ing out of the window into my father's barn yard, 
where stood many cows, oxen and horses waiting 
to drink. 

The cattle all stood very still and meek, till one 
of the cows, in trying to turn round, happened to 
hit her next door neighbor*; whereupon the neigh- 
bor kicked and hit another. 

In five minutes the whole herd were kicking each 
other with fury. 

My mother laughed, and said, "See what comes 
of kicking when you are hit." 

Just so I have seen one cross word set a whole 
family by the ears some frosty morning. 

Afterward, if my brothers or myself were a little 
irritable, she would say, "Tike care, my children 
remember how the fight in the barn yard began. 

"Never return a kick for a hit, and you will save 
yourself and others a great deal of trouble." — 
[Selected. 



TRAVELS IN AFRICA 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 




Of the great Continent of Africa but very little 
was known, by the inhabitants of other parts of the 
earth, until a few years ago. Many of them were 
familiar with some parts of it, but those parts of it 
are near the coast, or not far inland, which people 
could visit easily by sailing there in ships. 

Some countries in Africa are repeatedly mention- 
ed in the Bible. Egypt, to which Joseph, the son 
of Jacob, was carried and sold as a slave, and in 
which his father's descendants lived for several 
generations, is In Africa. Jesus was carried to the 
same country, from Judea, by his mother Mary and 
his reputed father Joseph, when the cruel King 
Herod killed the young children of Bethlehem in 
Judea, that he might destroy the infant Messiah. 
This latter circumstance our little readers will find 
an account of in the second chapter of Matthew, in 
the New Testament. Ethopia ie another country 
of Africa which is mentioned in the Bible. It is 
farther inland than Egypt, the latter country being 
washed on the north side by the Mediterranean sea, 
and on part of the east side by the Red sea. 

It is through Egypt that the river Nile empties 
itself into the sea, and many adventurous men have 
traveled and explored some parts of the north of 
Africa at various times, that they might find out 
where that river commenced. Among the most 
famous of these was a Scotchman named Murigo 
Park, the account of whose travels is very interest- 
ing, and who finally lost his life in exploring that 
continent. 

Africa is the country, from which the negroes 
who are found all through the United States, and 
in other parts of the earth, originally came; the 
parents of most of them, and some of themselves, 
having been kidnapped there and brought to this 
country before slavery was abolished. 

In the north part of the continent are certain 
states and countries, besides Egypt, named Tunis, 
Fez, Algiers, Morocco, &c , concerning which much 
information can be found in almost any geography. 
On the west coast there have been some settlements 
made by white men, and in the south of Africa the 
Dutch had made settlements many years ago, and 
still later the English had settled at and around the 
Cape of Good Hope. This place is called South 
Africa, where some of our little readers may have 
been born, as a few of our elders have been there 
preaching the gospel, which several people em- 
braced and gathered with the Saints to this Ter- 
ritory. 

But within a few years past much more has been 
made known concerning the interior of Africa than 
was known before, through the travels of Dr. 
David Livingston and Dr. Henry Barth; and still 
later by the travels of Captain Richard Burton and 



Captain Speke. The last named gentleman claims 
the honor of having found out the source of the 
river Nile. Dr. Livingston/went from England to 
the southern part of Africa, in 1840, as a sectarian 
missionary to the wild natives; and after living 
among them until 1849, he started on the 1st of 
June of that year on an expedition northwards, to 
open up intercourse with a region that was said to 
be very rich in ivory and other articles of com- 
merce. Ivory is got from the tusks of the male ele- 
phant, and is very valuable. He made some dis- 
coveries, and returned to where his family were, 
and sending them to England he started again on 
the 11th of November, 1853, accompanied by 
twenty-seven black men, and traveled north until 
he reached nearly within 500 miles of the equatpr, 
or middle of the earth. He had a great many diffi- 
culties to encounter, but he overcame them all, and 
returned to England, which he reached on the 12th 
of December, 1856. He traveled through a vast 
extent of country which no white man had ever 
visited before, as far as we have any knowledge, 
and saw many strange sights. 

One day while traveling, three large buffaloes 
came dashing through his precession of oxen and 
black men, and one of them caught a man on its 
horns, carried him about twenty yards and pitched 
him up into the air. This is represented in the 
illustration above. The man fell down flat on his 
face, but he was not badly hurt, and before a week 
he was as well as ever. 

Dr. Barth traveled in the north part of Africa, 
and went south about as near to the equator as Dr. 
Livingston did when traveling north. The space 
between, say a little over 500 miles on each side of 
the equator, is that which Burton and Speke tra- 
veled in. Dr. Livingston started on another ex- 
pedition into the interior some time ago, hoping to 
make still further discoveries. 

LIVE FOR SOMETHING. 



Thousands of men breathe, move and live — pass 
off the stage of life and are heard of no more. 
Why? They did not a particle of good in the 
world. 

Will you thus live and die, O man immortal? 
Live for something. Do good and leave behind 
you a monument of virtue that the storms of time 
can never destroy. 

Write your name by kindness, love and mercy 
on the hearts of the thousands with whom you 
come in contact year by year, and you will never 
be forgotten 1 No, your name, your deeds will be 
as legible on the hearts you leave behind, as the 
stars of evening. Good deeds will shine as brightly 
on the earth as the stars of heaven. — [Dr.Chalmers. 

Virtue is made for difficulties, and grows 
stronger and brighter for such trials. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



27 



€]}t Sttttenjfir Snstrtirtnr , 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. ..., EDITOR, 



APEIL 1, 1866 



April 1, 1866. 

Dear Mr. Editor: — My father and mother teach 
me that it is very wrong to play and trifle away my 
time on Sunday, because it is God's day— though 
I know all days are God's days, and we ought not 
to do anything naughty on any day, but they teach 
me to go to Sunday school and meeting on Sundjiy, 
and I like to do so, for it makes me feel happy; 
but, when I am going to meeting, or school, I see~ 
so many boys, and some very big ones too, playing 
marbles on the sidewalk, or in the street, and shout- 
ing and talking so rudely, that I sometimes wonder 
whether it is really wrong to do so on Sunday, be- 
cause I do not see any one interfere with them, and 
I think if it were so wicked as my parents teach 
me, that some of the good men wh© preach to us 
and teach us in our Sunday schools would talk to 
those boys and would not let them act so in the 
streets. 

I hope you won't be offended at my writing to 
you, and perhaps you will be so good as to tell us 
about it. Agnes. 



on that day ; but they should also have the privilege 
of resting. If you notice men who work on Sun- 
days, because they think they are hurried and have 
so much to do, you will see that they do not pros- 
per so well in their work as those do who obey the 
Lord, and observe the Sabbath day and rest from 
their labors. So with- boys and girls who indulge 
in all kinds of amusements on that day; they do 
not enjoy their play like children d© who only play 
six days in the week, and keep from doing so on 
Sunday. 

The Lord himself has given us an example of 
what we should do. In Genesis 2nd chapter and 
2-3 verses, we are told that God rested on the 
seventh day from all His work, and He blessed find 
sanctified that day. 

[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

$ar«0 from Jkhm. 



The note, which we publish above, is the very 
natural expression of a little girl's feelings at seeing 
boys do things on Sunday which she, herself, had 
been taught by her' parents were not right. We 
are pleased that little girls notice such actions and 
inquire about them. 

The commandments of the Lord have been very 
strict about keeping the Sabbath day holy. In the 
days of Moses, when he was the Lord's prophet on 
the earth, the law was given. "whosoever doeth any 
work on the Sabbath day, he shall surely be put to 
death," Exodus 31:15. And this was a law in 
Israel. One Sabbath day, while the children of 
Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man 
gathering sticks. He probably wanted a fire, and 
thought it no harm to pick up a few sticks to burn, 
even if it was the Sabbath day. But he was 
caught, and fastened up, until Moses could get the 
word of the Lord respecting him," and all the peo- 
ple took him outside the camp, and they stoned 
him with stones until he died: Numbers 15: 32-36. 

This was a 'very strict law, and in this instance, 
was very rigidly enforced. The Lord has spoken 
to His people in these days about the Sabbath: 
He has said that "the inhabitants of Zion shall 
also observe the Sabbath day to keep it holy." 
Book of Doctrine and Covenants, page 160. On 
page 149 of that Book, in speaking of that day, He 
says to the Church, "and that thou mayest more 
fully keep thyself unspotted from the world, thou 
shalt go to the house of prayer and offer up thy 
sacraments upon my holy day; for verily this is a 
day appointed unto you to rest from your labors 
and to pay thy devotions to the Most High;'' "and 
on this day thou shalt do none other thing, only let 
thy food be prepared with singleness of heart that 
thy fasting may be perfect, or, in other words that 
thy joy may be full.'' 

The Lord has not said to us that we must be 
killed, if we do not observe the Sabbath day, still, 
we should be very careful in keeping it holy, for it 
is our Father's command. No boy wh© has any 
desire to become a good man will spend his Sundays 
in the streets, playing marbles and other games, in 
the summer, and skating and riding on his sled in 
the winter; neither will he use rough and improper 
language on that day or any other. The Lord has 
given men six days in which to do their work, and 
boys can play all that is necessary during those 
days; but Sunday is given us as a day of rest, and 
should be kept holy. 

Our horses, mules and oxen should not be sent 
te the kanyon or to the hay field to do heavy work 



AMONG THE STABS 



"We can walk to school, or ride on horseback or 
in a wagon 'to some distance in the country; people 
in other countries travel by railway or steamboat, 
or cress the ocean in sailing or steam vessels; this 
we all know; but among the stars, — now you just 
hold on, that is nonsense, for nobody could get up 
there!" So you all exclaim, no doubt, in reading 
the head of the present article. 

I assure you, my young readers, however, that I 
have found a vehicle which will carry us for awhile 
up there, and bring us back again in less than no 
time. It is not a balloon, for that could bring us 
only to the moon in a year, the nearest of all the 
stars, supposing it could go so far. It is not even 
a ray of light upon which we could fly in about 
eight minutes to the Sun, in one hour and a half to 
Jupiter, a planet which is 1333 times bigger than 
our earth, and in four hours to the last of the known 
planets; but then we would have to travel over 
three years before we could reach the nearest sun 
to ours, and several thousand years before we would 
be among those many stars which we call "the 
Milky Way," and perhaps still longer to reach 
others. No, no, light which travels about 12 mil- 
lion of miles in a minute, is too slow for such a 
journey; we must have a conveyance quicker even 
than light, and that is — the thought of the human 
mind. 

In thought we may dive into the fathomless 
depths of the ocean of stars above us, and guided 
by the telescope and the calculations of scientific 
men, whose researches have been made under the 
inspiration of the Great Spirit of the universe listen 
to the "harmonies of the spheres." 

Starting from our earth we behold that it is a 
star also, only much smaller than the most of those 
our eye can reach, and that it swims like them in 
space, accompanied by the mooD, its nearest neigh- 
bor — and the smallest of all the stars we can see 
with the naked eye. But far away where our sun 
would appear to us about the size of the beehive on 
the top of President Young's house, we would see 
our earth of the size of a small marble, revolving 
around the sun in about the distance of the Sugar 
House Ward, West Jordan Ward, Hot Springs, 
etc., in one year, and the moon like a pea tied to it, 
as it were, on a short string, keeping sometimes to 
the right or left, before or behind. The other plan- 
ets we would see still further off, the last of them of 
the size of a common cannon-ball, about 50 miles 
distant. Some of them are accompanied by four 
to six moons, of which several are almost as large 
as our earth. 

If we were to visit any one of them, we would 
likely find it inhabited, though, perhaps, by beings 
different in many respects from those that inhabit 



our earth. There are no two leaves perfectly alike, 
and in all nature you can find the same variety. Do 
you think that He who devised this multiplicity 
should have been uniform and monotonous in the 
designs of the creations that are filling the endless 
domains of His kingdom? Their forms, motions, 
light, sizes and connections are so manifold that we 
cannot begin to understand the thousandth part of 
what we sec, which again is only a very minute 
part of the great unknown worlds that may be 
forever hidden from the knowledge of man. 

And now we find that even our present convey- 
ance — the thought of the human mind — that great 
endowment of proud and vain man, upon which he 
had built for ages his doctrines, sciences, knowledge 
and power, must yield to a greater one which has 
been given to man again in these last days, and by 
which alone all that was, is and will be, can be 
brought to light. It is the whispering of the Holy 
Spirit to the Prophets — revelation, which will shed 
a flood of light upon that which has been dark, and 
lift up the mind of man, where his thoughts never 
could have ventured. K. G. M. 



,»! < Jg M K^CCT 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE GEOBGE FINDS COMPANIONS. 



A TRUE STORY. 




By his cries and tears, little George could not 
persuade the man behind the ugly looking door to 
let him go. 

He threw himself upon the floor in despair, and 
could not be prevailed upon to leave the door that 
shut from his gaze the fair world outside, for he 
had no idea that he would ever see it again. He 
refused to be comforted, and screamed with terror 
when the keeper of the'gate approached -him. 

The afternoon was now very nearly spent, and 
the setting sun told of the approach of night. The 
birds, in perfect freedom, hopping from branch to 
branch, and flying from tree to bush, were less ac- 
tive, while thtir little throats warbled their evening 
notes of prajse before they went to sleep beneath 
the shadows of night. 

Night at length set in and all was still and quiet 
in that country place, outside of the walls that sur- 
rounded the forsaken child. The hum of the great 
city, where he had spent so many happy, and so 
many sorrowful hours, could be heard like the noise 
of distant waters; and' little George still lay close to 
the black, ugly looking door. The door keeper, in 
pity for the poor homeless boy, had allowed him to 
cry himself to sleep — its sweet veil of forgetfulness 
was kindly thrown over his sorrows, and sleep and 
sobs put an end to his troubles for that day. 

In the morning he found himself, with another 
boy, laying upon a bed of clean straw, with clean 
bed clothes, and on an iron bedstead. For a mo- 
ment he thought he was dreaming; but after he 
became wide awake, and could clearly remember 
the scenes of the day before, he thought that he 
was again at liberty, and felt very glad, and won- 
dered greatly how it had come to pass. When he 
looked around him he found that he was in a long, 
narrow room, and that there were beds and iron 



28 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



bedsteads on each side of it, and a narrow path- 
way in the middle between them. There were two 
and three boys in each of the beds. This was like 
a new world to little George, and he began to 
reckon on plenty of play and fun, and wondered if 
his marbles and his halfpenny, which the kind lady 
had given him, were still in his pocket. 

In a little while all the boys who were laying up- 
on the beds in the narrow room were awake, but 
instead of their jumping out of bed, and pulling the 
bed clothes about, and throwing the pillows and 
their clothiBg at each other, and shouting and 
making a great noise, they lay still, and did not 
speak to each other above a whisper. Little 
George began to get up, but his bed-fellow caught 
him by the shirt sleeve, and said, "Don't get up 
yet, little boy, for if you do the old nurse will put 
you in the dark room to sleep, and make the boys 
throw water on you in the bath room.' 7 Little 
George crept under the bed clothes again, wonder- 
ing greatly at what had been told him, for he had 
been used to get up when he awoke, and go to his 
play without any one to hinder him. 

By and by a cross-looking, aged lady entered 
through a door at one end of the room, and by a 
motion of her hand fifty or sixty boys at once got out 
of the beds on each side of the large room, and be- 
gan to put on their clothes without saying a word. 
To see so many boys dressing themselves without 
saying a word, made little George stand and stare 
at them with astonishment. There were boys of 
nearly all ages and sizes, some were cripples, and 
some were sickly, but the greater number of them 
were healthy and active boys. 

I will not detain you any longer at this time, but 
another time I will continue the history of little 

George. 

Uncle George, 
(to be continued.) 

' »> ■«! I> 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



€\jt Hn&iaji0. 




LEHI AND HIS FAMILY CONTINUE 
THEIR JOUENEY. 



After the return of Nephi and his brothers, with 
Ishmael and his family, and Zoram, from Jerusa- 
lem to where Lehi was camped, by the Red Sea, 
they appear to have rested there for some little 
time, liviug in their tents. During the time of 
their sojourn there Nephi had a most glorious and 
important vision, in which he saw all that would 
befall his people, as well as many other nations, 
both in Europe and America, down to the end of 
time. It would be very interesting to you to read 
it, or get some one to read and explain it to you, as 
it tells you of some things yet to take place in the 
world. While here, also, Nephi, Laman, Lemuel 
and Zoram each married one of Ishmael's daugh- 
ters. 

After a time the Lord commanded Lehi to con- 



tinue his journey, and on going out of his tent the 
next morning, to his great surprise he found upon 
the ground a brass ball, very curiously made, with 
two spindles inside it, which they could see, one of 
which pointed they way they were to travel. They, 
therefore, packed up their tents, what provisions 
they had left, seeds, etc., and continued their jour- 
ney, traveling near the borders of. the Red Sea, 
hunting wild beasts by the way for food, killing 
them with the bows and arrows and slings which 
they had brought with them, for guns and gun- 
powder had not been invented then. 

One day, when he was out huntiug, Nephi hap- 
pened to break his bow, which was, most likely, 
made of steel, and his brothers' bows were also 
spoiled, so tiiat they could get no meat to eat. At 
this his brothers and their families became verv 
angry with him, and even his father Lehi. But 
Nephi soon made another bow of wood and suc- 
ceeded in killing plenty of wild animals for food. 

After they had journeyed for many days they 
camped at a place they called Nahoin, to rest them- 
selves and recruit their animals, and while there 
Ishmael died and was buried. Ishmael's daughters 
mourned exceedingly for their father, and, in their 
despondency, complained bitterly about ^the hard- 
ships and privations they had endured since they 
left Jerusalem. Laman, ever ungrateful, discon- 
tented and ready for mischief, proposed to Lemuel 
and Ishmael's sons, to kill his father Lehi and his 
brother Nephi, and then to return to Jerusalem. 
But God again interfered and preserved the lives 
of Lehi and Nephi, chastening Laman and his asso- 
ciates in wickedness until they became humble and 
repented of the evil they intended to do. 

They then resumed their journey, taking an 
eastward course, and continued traveling in this 
direction — stopping at intervals for rest and to 
hunt for food—for eight yearsj when they came to 
the sea shore, and pitched their tents in a place they 
called Bountiful, because there was so much fruit 
growing there. After they had been there for 
some time the Lord spoke to Nephi and instructed 
him how to build a ship, or vessel, in which they 
could all cross the ocean to the promised land, 
which we now call America. At first his brothers 
laughed at him and called him a conceited fool for 
thinking he could build a ship when he had never 
learned the trade, had so few tools to work with, 
and se little assistance, and they again tried to kill 
their brother Nephi by drowning him in the sea. 
But God was Nephi's friend, and He gave Laman, 
and the rest who were seeking to kill Nephi, such 
a shock and shaking of His power, that the wicked 
cowards became terribly afraid and were about to 
fall down at Nephi's feet and worship him. But 
Nephi told them to worship God and obey His 
commandments and to honor their father and 
mother instead of grieving them and plotting 
against them as they had done. So they now con- 
sented to help to build the ship, and behaved thern- 
gelves pretty well for a time ; but they seem to have 
been a very cruel, wicked, bloodthirsty set of men, 
and their descendants, the Indians, are like them, 
which is quite natural. You know that locust 
trees will not bear peaches, nor will apples grow on 
pine trees, neither is a very bad man likely to have 
good children. Notwithstanding Laman and' Lem- 
uel made so many promises to be good, they as 
often forgot them, were ungrateful to God, and re- 
bellious and cruel towards their brother, as Ave have 
seen and shall learn in the course of our story. 

Nephi went very often up into a mountain close 
by, to pray to God and receive instruetions from 
him how to build the ship; there the Lord showed 
and taught him a great many things, so that his 
brothers were astonished at the wisdom he mani- 
fested. They all worked diligently, and in due 
time the ship was completed ; then they all had a 
time of rejoicing and thanksgiving, worshiping the 
Lord, and making ready to embark in their ship 
upon the great ocean. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

APRIL. 



April is the fourth month of the year, according 
to the common computation. . It has thirty days. 
The name is derived from the Latin word Aperio, 
which means, I open, because the earth in this 

a. 

month begins to open her bosom for the production 
of vegetation. How pleasant it is, after the long, 
dreary winter has passed, and the snow that covered 
the face of nature is melted, to see the beautiful 
little green shoots springing out of the earth, and 
the flower buds beginning to open! Everything 
seems to rejoice. The green grass springs up; the 
trees begin to put forth their leaves; the^sun shines 
out with genial warmth ; while occasional showers of 
rain help to forward the springing vegetation. The 
earth seems to have awakened from a long sleep; 
the hum of insects begins to be heard, with the 
croaking of the toads as the evening comes. Every- 
thing around us is busy, in the sphere in which the 
great Creator has placed it, and we should draw a 
lesson from all we hear and see. ©hildhood is the 
spring of life; morning is the. spring of day; and as 
our little readers rise from their beds, and look out 
on the beautiful earth, their hearts should be filled 
with thanks to God who has preserved them through 
the night, as He has preserved the earth through 
the night of winter from which it is just awakening. 
They too should be busy in doing good. 



**< 



►»»»" 



wvwt&fmhmM. 



Fillmore City, March 22d, 1866. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother:— I have received four numbers of your 
valuable little sheet for the young, and I esteem, it very 
highly. The articles written are simple, instructive, and 
withal very interesting, and I consider it fills an import- 
ant niche in juvenile literature, and I hope it will win its 
way into the affections of the juvenile portion of our com- 
munity, as itis well calculated to enrich their minds with 
good Jideas, and improve their taste for reading, which will 
pave the way to usefulness and eminence. 

It was a gi-and idea to publish something specially for the 
young, as their education should be our constant study, 
expecting, as we do, that upon them will devolve the re- 
sponsibility of bearing off the kingdom of God in spite of 
every opposing power— a work which will require not only 
superior natural endowments, but a proper education un- 
der the influence of God's Spirit which will develop them 
in all their strength, and give them a proper direction. 

May God bless the noble enterprise. 

V,ery Respectfully Yours, 

John Kelly. 
* a» 



:o: 

The Answer to the Riddle in No. 5, is Juvenile 
Instructor. 

The following have answered correctly:— Aria- 
niah Meeham; Cynthia Porter; Amelia E. Ship- 
ley; Andrew A. Cahoon; Mary De la Mare; Serge 
Stenhouse. 



CHARADE. 



I am composed of 15 letters. 

My 12, 11, 5, 7 is a bird. 

My 1, 6, 13 is an abbreviated name. 

My 10, 14, 8, 15 is a luminary. 

My 13, 11, 15, 1, 2 is a division -of time. 

My 10, 5, 12, 13, 8, 15 is the name of an ancient 
prophet. 

My 9, 6, 11, 1 is a part of the human form. 

My 4, 14, 8, 7 is often a medium of instruction. 

My 2, 3, 4, 12, 5, 15 is the name of a place 
mentioned in the Bible where a King of Judah 
reigned seven years and six months. 

My whole is received and rejected, revered and 
ridiculed, believed and despised, yet of inestim- 
able value to mankind. 



?s published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. 
Oi the First and Fifteenth of cvei-y Month. 

:o: 

GEOKGE Q. CANNON, Editor, 

— — :o: 

TERIWS-ALWAYS IN ADVANCE, 

Single Copy, for Six Months ?..$i 50 

Single Copy, per Annum 3 00 

Ten Copies, per Annum, furnished to Clubs 

and Agents 27 00 

Where grain and other articles are paid on subscriptions, 
they will be rceived at cash market rates where they are 
paid in. It is expected where Agents forward names they 
will be responsible for the papers thus ordered; and when 
cash payments are made they will please forward them 
with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 



i 



