
ST. CTATVEES' PALACE. 



In the picture contained on this pasce we have a view of St. 
James' Palace in the reign of Queen Anne. It was at that 
time the London residence of the royal family. 

It is rather an inelegant and inconvenient structure, when 
compared with more modern buildings that stand near it. It 



Palace is now only used for levees and. drawing-rooms, and tor 
the mustering and review of the household trops. 

Thescne portrayed In the engraving is probably an occasion 
of a levee. Here we sec the old-fashioned cabriolet, with 
liveried driver and footman and servants in livery hurrying to 







\i tftt 'iff™ 

55, t f 





-tand- on the -it" of an ancient hospital for female lepers that 
was built in I l'»t. . i„- hospital was torn down by ordiT.it' 
Henry VIII. in 153 'and St. James' Palace was finished in 1536. 
[t was made a royal i titer the destruction of White- 

hall Palaoebyfirein 1698. Bu ikingham Palace U now occupied 
the royal h m "i. 1 in 1 ii i ijjj lujj LSJ7, and St. James' 



and fro. We ab c here another curious kind ofoonveyanoe, 

the Sedan chair, that used to be sooommon in England and 
other parts of Europe. 

A Sedan chair is a portable covered vehicle suitable for 
carrying one person in. It isborneupon two poled thai projeol 
,,, i, ,,i,i an l behind ofit, and between which the two servants 





62 



J- TJ "V" E ^T I L IE IITSTRTJCTOB. 



walk to carry it. The name is derived from the town of Sedan 
in France where this kind of conveyance is said to have been 
invented. They were first introduced into England in 1 581 but 
did not come into general use until 1634. They were frequently 
gorgeous affairs, and well adapted for the transport of persons 
in full dress. We read that the the Princess Amelia went from 
London to Bath in a Sedan chair in 172S; also that that royal 
favorite and counselor, the Puke of Buckingham, brought 
considerable odium upon himself by his extravagant use of the 
sedan chair during the reign of James I, as the people claimed 
that he was using his fellow countrymen to do the work of 
beasts. In some parts of Europe it was the most common 
mode of public conve3'ance for the well-to-do classes for a great 
many years, and not only were they used as public vehicles, 
but wealthy persons had their private sedan chairs. Witb the 
more general introduction of vehicles drawn by horses, the sedan 
chair gradually went out of date, uutil now it is seldom used 
except for transporting sick persons short distances. 



IFIROIFIEIIEa'X" FULPILLIITG. 



BY JOHN NICIIiil.silN. 



(Concluded.) 



A GREAT many passages could be quoted from the predictions 
of the prophets among the inhabitants of this continent, 
which speak plainly about the restoration of their descendants, 
the Lamanites, to the true faith of the gospel of Christ, from 
which, however, we will now select but one, the 12th par. of the 
12th chap, of the 2nd Book of Nephi, Book of Mormon, page 108> 
which reads thus: ' 'And now, I would prophesy somewhat more 
concerning the Jews and the Gentiles. For after the book of 
which I have spoken shall come forth, and be written unto the 
Gentiles, and sealed up again unto the Lord, there shall be 
many which shall believe the words which are written ; and they 
shall cr.rry them forth unto the remnant of our seed. And 
then shall the remnant of our seed know concerning us, how 
that we came out from Jeresalem, and that they are descendants 
of the Jews. And the gospel of Jesus Christ shall be declared 
among them ; wherefore, they shall be restored unto the know- 
ledge of their fathers, and also to the knowledge of Jesus Christ, 
which was had among their fathers. And then shall they rejoic?; 
for they shall know that it is a blessing unto them fiom the 
hand of Cod; and their scales of darkness shall begin to fall from 
their eyes : and many generations shall not pass away among 
them, save they shall be a white and delightsome people." 

It will be observed that the words that are written in the 
Book of Mormon were to be carried to the remnant of the ancient 
people, in other words the Indians, or Lamanites, and from 
what I have already written it must appear plain that the Lord 
inspired His servant Brigham to tell certain Elders of the 
Church to prepare to carry the gospel to the aborigines of 
Central and South America, and that Gonzales was led by His 
all-wise providence to this City that those same Elders might 
the more effectually fulfill the prediction of the ancient prophet, 
by having the words of the book translated and printed in a 
language which many of them could understand, for a portion 
of the Book of Mormon was printed last year, at the Ikserct 
News office, in the Spanish language, and a large number of 
copies of the translation placed in the lands of the missionaries 
called to carry the gospel into Central America, on which 
mission- they started last fall. The names of those missionaries 
are Paniel W. Jones, J. Z. Stewart, Helaman Pratt, II H. 
Smith, A. M. Tenney and Anthony Ivins. 



You can see, therefore, how literally and yet how simply the 
Lord frequently fulfills the predictions of His prophets and 
Apostles. And it must be gladdening to the heart of every 
true Latter-day Saints to see the declarations of His ancient 
and modem servants coming to pass, for the work among the 
Lamanites .-till goes on. The good seed has been sown and it 
will spread and increase, never more to be uprooted, any more 
than the Church and Kingdom of God will ever be banished 
from the earth. Those whose minds are blinder with the 
things of the world may no£be able to see the marvelous hand 
of God, but it is nevertheless operating, and, my young readers, 
it is my earnest conviction that should you, who are in your 
youth, live out the allotted age of man you will see the most 
remarkable events that have ever taken place since the world 
was made. 

Besides the mission of Elder Jones and company, the readers 
of the Instructor have probably heard a good deal about the 
large numbers of Indians that have been baptized within the 
last year and a half in the western part of the Territory, as 
stated in former articles, also in the north and north-west, and 
south, the number who have come forward and offered them- 
selves for that purpose being now probably in the vicinity of 
2,000, a remarkable increase in so short a time, especially when 
we consider the condition of the Lamanites. You will also 
remember the excitement that was created last summer in the 
vicinity of Corinne, where Elder George W. Hill had a large 
number of them under his eare, teaching them to farm. The 
enemies of the work of God got up a lying report that the 
''Mormons" were inciting the Indians to make a raid on the 
town of Corinne, kill the inhabitants and destroy the place, and 
made this the excuse for sending troops to the locality where 
the Indians were settled and driving them from their farm ; 
and a similar false report was got up about the Indians who 
had forsaken their idle and wandering habits and taken to 
farming in the western part of the Territory. It is gratifying 
to learn, however, that this trick of the enemies of the Church, 
incited by Satan, has failed of accomplishing the object the 
parties who figured in it desired, for the Indians are still 
inclining to the arts of peace and industry, and they continue 
to come forward and demand baptism at the hands of the 
Elders. 

Lately a Moquis chief, named Toby, and his wife have been 
baptized; also a number of the Navajoes, and some of the 
latter, being impressed with the spirit of reformation, brought 
a couple of oxen to the brethern located there, stating that the 
animals had been stolen from the "Mormons", and they now 
considered it wrong to steal and wished to return the property 
to the owner. 

It is not only the act of being baptized that fulfills the pre- 
dictions of the ancient prophets regarding the Lamanites, but 
they possess a spirit that causes them to stop the shedding of 
blood, stealing, idleness and other wrongs, and refornf in their 
lives, thus showing that their scales of darkness begin to fall 
from their eyes, and all good Saints should rejoice when they 
see these prophecies fulfilling, for they indicate that their 
redemption is nigh at hand. 



Isaak Walton wrote as follows: "He that loses his 
conscience has nothing left that is worth keeping. Therefore 
be sure you look to that. And in the next place look to your 
health: and if you have it, praise God, and value it next to a 
good conscience: for health is the second blessing that we mortals 
are capable oF enjoying, a blessing that money cannot buy, 
therefore value it, and be thankful for it. 



"3 





JTJYEITILE I1TSTRUCTOE/ 



63 



#I«l$ 



mmca. 



BT 0. M. 0. 



ANCIENT PERU. 



(Continued.) 

E[GIIT habitab'e and considerable islands a* e clustered in Lake 
Titicaca. Of these, the largest, called Titicaea, bare and 
rugged in appearance, some six miles long and from three 
to four miles in width, is called the sacred island ol Feru. Here, 
according to tradition, Manco Capac and his sister-wife, Mama 
Oella, the children of the sun, commenced to instruct the sav- 
age tribes surrounding their peculiar religion and the arts of 
civilization. Upon this islam], the birthplace of the Incas, are 
still remaining ruins and other vestiges of the ancient inhabi- 
tants. These ruins consist of remains of a temple of the sun, 
a convent of priests, and a royal palace. The site of the palace 
is beautifully situated on a terraced hill, protected with facings 
of stone and overlooking the lak \ Mr. Squires. describes the 
building as rectangular in form, fifty-one by forty-four feet, and 
two stories high. He says: "The front on the lake is orna- 
mented or relieved on the lower story by four high niches, the 
two central ones being doorways. On each side are three 
niches, the central one forming a doorway. It is divided into 
twelve small rooms, of varying sizes, and connected with each 
other in a manner which can only be made intelligible by refer- 
ence to the plan. There are altogether four sets of rooms, two 
groups of two each. These rooms are about thirtei n feet high, 
their wall incliniug slightly inward, while their coiling is formed 
by flat overlapping stones, laid with great regularity. Every 
room has its niches, some small and plain, others large and 
elaborate. The inner as well as the exterior walls were stuc- 
coed with a fine, tenacious clay, possibly mixed with some 
adhesive substance and painted. Some patches of this stue !0 
still remain, and indicate that the building was originally yel- 
low, while the inner parts and mouldings of the doorways and 
niches were of different shades of red. The second -t iry does 
not at all correspond with the first. Its entrance is at the rear 
on a level with a terrace extending back to the hill, and spread- 
ing out in a nob'e walk, faeed with a niched wall, and support- 
ing some minor buildings, or 'summer houses,' now greatly 
mined. It appears to have had no direct connection with the 
ground story by stairs or otherwise. The rooms, which are 
also more or less ornamented with niches, are separated by 
walls much less massive than those below, and do not seem to 

have been arched as those are, but to have 1 a roofed with 

thatch, as were most of the structures of the In -as The e m- 
tral part of the front of the second story was not enclosed, 
although probably roofed, but formed an esplanade twenty-two 
feet long and ten broad, flanked by ro mis opening on it. Two 
niches raised just enough to aff ird ea y se itsapp iar in the wall 
at the back of the esplanade, whence may be commanded one of 
the finest and mo-t ext snsive views in the world." 

The island of Titicaca was consecrated to thesun anddireUly 
opposite the ruined palace just described is the islan I of Coati, 
consecrated to the moon. On this island stands the famous 
palace of the virgins of the sun, built around two altar- or 
shrines, dedi, -aie. 1 respectively to the sun and moon. These 
buildings are still in a remarkable state of preservation. The 
island ol Soto was the resort of the Incas as a place of fa-ting 
nd humiliation. It was called the Isle of Penitence. -Many 




remains of ancient architecture are found on this island. The 
peninsula of Copacabana not far distant was in ancient times 
no less a sanctified place than it is at present. The idol that 
gave it fame and lent to it its sanctity was, according to the 
chroniclers, made of beautiful blue stone, representing the 
human face. It was buried by the natives on the arrival of the 
Spaniards, but was afterwards disinterred by the latter and 
broken into pieces. The word Copacabana signifiec "a pre- 
cious stone from which one may see, or which gives vision." 
But little remains of the temples ot which early writers speak 
as being located at this place can now be found. At Acora, 
three days' journey from Copacabana, covering a great plain, 
are found rude monuments, circles and squares of uuwrought 
stones planted upright in the ground and sometimes sustaining 
others overlapping them, forming chambers. They are said to 
be in character and appearance almost identical with the "crom- 
lechs" of Europe. From the numerous "chulpas" or buried 
towns found here and in the vicinity Mr. Squires infers that 
these ruins were sepulchral in origin. "Chulpa" is the Aym'a- 
ra word for tomb. A description of one by Mr. S. w'll illus- 
trate the general character of all: 

"It is seventeen feet square and twenty-four feet high, and 
rises from a platform of cut stones twenty-two feet on each 
side, and raised a foot above the ground. Three feet below its 
top is a projection or cornice, two feet deep, projecting about 
a foot on every side, forming a severe but effective ornament or 
finish to the structure. There is a square opening eighteen 
inches high and broad in the eastern face on a level with the 
platform. Crawling into this with difficulty, for it was ob- 
structed with rubbish, I found myself in a vault or chamber 
eleven feet square and thirteen feet high, the sides of which 
rise vertical'y to the hight of eight feet, where the s'ones begin 
to overlap, forming a kind of pointed arch. At the hight of 
three teet from the floor of the vault is a niche three feet and 
a half high and eighteen inches deep, with sides inclining 
towards each other at the top. The entrance is immediately 
under one of these niches. I found nothing in this dark vault 
except some human bones, frag nents of pottery, and the 
gnawed bones of animals dragged here probably by dogs, for 
whom this had evidently been a favorite retreat." 

The same author says: "These chulpas are common in the 
Titicaca region, usually standing in groups of from twenty to 
a hundred, and almost invariably occupying some rocky ridgeor 
-pur ot the Mils and mountains, or some rugged eminence in 
the plain. Occasionally they occur singly or in pairs. There 
is haidly a view to be had in the habitable districts around the 
head of the lake in which one or more groups do not appeal." 
The lake of Uiuayo near Titicaca is famous as the rendezvous 
of the powerful chiefs of the Collao before their subjugation 
by the Incas. Here was situated their capital city Hatun- 
(Mla. On the peninsula of Sillustani is a group of tie- best 
built burial towers in era. Here the Incas built an edifice, 

probably religious, the ruin- of which ant now called the house 
of the sun. Some ol the "cromlechs" at this place are more 

elaborate than those of Acora. One consists of a circle of 
upright -tones, one hundred and twenty-four feet in diameter, 
with an opening five feet wide on the east. It encloses two 
krger upright stones, at .me i hi rd of i he diameter of the circle 
apart. Outside ol the upright stones are broad stone- lyiug 

flat, having grooves three inches deep Cut in them, forming 

:l platform four and a half feel broad. The adjoinii Igesof 

tnese stones are on radii of the circle. Mr. Spines gays, 
'Here we find quadrangles defined by great unheaven stones, 
worn and frayed by time, and having every evidenoo of the 






64: 



JTJVE1TILE IUSTBUCTOB 




highest antiquity, side by side with other squares of similar 
plan, but defined by massive stones out with much elaboration 
as if they were the works of later and more advanced gener- 
ations, which, however, still preserve the notions of their an- 
cestors, bringing only greater skill to the construction of their 
monuments. Every student of antiquity will recognize as true 
that the square was often associated with the circle in solar 
symbolism, and in the worship which seems to have been, 
throughout the world, the earliest adopted by its inhabitants." 
Tradition affirms that part of the area now covered by the 
bav back of the peninsula of Sillustani was the site of the city 
of Hatun-Colla. Mr. S. says: "Certain it is that walls as if of 
buildings may be discerned beneath the water and here and 
there projecting above it." 



ZHZOUVflE. 



FROM 



BY C. R. SAVAGE. 




CHAPTER VI. 

""I^ire away, gents! Ha'-penny a shot! Forty in the bull's 

x eye!" shouts a man with a large board and a pile of 
hazel nuts. A small gun. with an arrow, fired by a percussion 
cap, is provided for the sportsman to shoot at the mark with, 
and he gets the usual return — less than his money's worth. 
A small ring in the central part of the board indicates forty 
nuts; just outside of it, ten. Once in ten times the sport hits 
the central ring. 

"Pickled winkles — ha'-penny a plate!" squeals out an old 
woman, as she displays to the public her stock in trade, con- 
sisting of "winkles," or periwinkles, small shell fishes, very 
much like snails. 

"Now then, gentleman," says the well dressed, flashy 
describer of the merits of a great menagerie in huge .yellow- 
painted dens, "walk up, and see Wombwell's menagerie of 
wild and trained animals! All that you see on the canvas on 
the outside, you will see on the inside, and alive — alive! 
Enquire of the thousands who have visited this exhibition as 
to its merits! Let me enquire of this old lady descending the 
steps as to how she likes it. Madam, do you like the show?" 

The old lady, who has a squeaky voice, replies, "I think it 
is all stuff and nonsense, and not worth the money." 

"There," says the showman, "the old lady says it is worth 
double the money!" 

This is a fair specimen of the sharp practice connected with 
exhibitions of this class that has not entirely died out yet. 

The wild animals pictured on the canvas, engaged in the 
pleasant occupation of tearing each other to pieces, prove very 
tame when inspected on the inside of the pavilion. They 
slink into corners with a dejected air, and are sad commenta- 
ries on the wonderful specimens so eloquently described by the 
"touter," as the professionals call the gentleman who does the 
talking. 

A fine brass band generally accompanies this kind of a show, 
and proves a great attraction. The musicians we saw at the 
"Brown Jug" are working away on the platform of a theatre. 
This affair is the chief attraction. It is a huge tent, square, 
with an elevated platform about six feet high in front. Pre- 
vious to each performance the actors, male and female, go 
through a lot of silly nonsense under the direction of a clown 
and get the crowd around them. This effort is given out as a 
faint idea of the immense attraction within and as fast as the 
tent is filled tragedy, comedy and drama are run through i n 



twenty minutes, with plenty of shooting and killing to create 
a sensation. The plays have high sounding names, such as, 
"The Bandits of the Appennines," "Retribution, or a Tale ot 
B'.ood" "Varney the Vampire," "Jack Sheppard" etc., which 
are announce! on sign on the outside, painted in flaring 
red letters. Each day's programme is different. The stock 
company is made up of third class actors and supernumaries 
from some of the large theatres in the cities. They are gen- 
erally of the class that have theatres on the brain, and, not 
possessing the talents to rise where greater excellence is found, 
hang on the vain hope of becoming stars some day. Stage 
popularity feeds some minds, but a poor, worn-out actor is the 
worst off of any actor I ever saw. The actors composing the 
company who help the make up of the gaff are profligates, 
with large flashy watch chains and loud style, thinking them- 
selves Forre^ts and Macreadys in embryo. They strut and put 
on airs like peacocks. The women appear sadly at a disadvan- 
tage on a cold day, dressed in tights; in fact, the life of a stroll- 
ing player is a dog's life, with very little comfor 1 - and recom- 
pense for the hardships they are called upon to undergo. 

We paid "tuppence" and ascended the platform. The 
touter with a long whip in hand was doing the polite to the 
ladies who were patronizing the show. All around us was a 
sea of gaping faces, some in ecstasies of laughter over the 
jokes of the elewn, others listening to the talk of a rival show. 
Working men and their wives were there, gamblers, sharpers, 
pickpockets, frauds of every kind, thieves, drunkards and all 
the elements that go to make up the lower classes of society. 

After the crowd had assembled and the theatre was filled, 
we took seats inside. The seats were rickety and unsafe like 
those of a traveling circus. 

The musicians who were making all the noise they could 
outside, now appeared inside and took their fiddles. 

Tinkle, tinkle, goes the bell. Enter first heavy villain, who 
struts across the stage calling for some other villain to engage 
in mortal combat, Three up and three down with the big 
swords and the first villain falls to rise — again, twenty minutes 
after. A lady now appears, and with lively screams makes 
things hot for the murderer who is seized by a band of friends 
of the dead hero, who decide that he must swing for the 
killing of hero number two. A rope is affixed to a hook on 
the villain's back concealed amid the ruffles and he is quickly 
out of sight, amid the thundering plaudits of the audience. 
One by one the characters are disposed of by poison, shooting, 
stabbing and haiging, until the persecuted hero of the play 
appears in a blaze of dutch metal; and the curtain goes down 
on the first piece. 

An extravaganza next follows. Enter clown with a doll baby, 
who goes through all the motions incident to dressing and 
washing a little baby. Harlequin now appears, and claims 
said baby. A mimic quarrel takes place. Harlequin now 
grabs the feet of the baby, the clown holds on to the head. 
They both pull on the India rubber baby until it is stretched 
out across the stage by means of India rubber attachments. 
Columbine, the supposed mother, now enters, and claims the 
baby, they do not relinquish it, • when she chops the baby in 
halves, and the difficulty is settled. This takes with the boys 
immensely. A comic song by the clown next follows; the 
whole concludes with a screaming farce, made as ridiculous as 
possible. 

During the performance of the farce the clown and pantaloon 
go outride and begin some more nonsense, the "touter" draws 
attention to the applause incident to the performance; and, 
as the delighted audience pour out, dilates upon the great 







J TJ "V IE IT I Hi B IUSTBTJCTOR 



65 






patronage the show is meeting with. Then the musicians 
sound the "hew-gag'' and beat the tom-john, in other word-, 
the Chinese gong, and a big pair of cymbals. A deafening 
noise is the result, all got up to draw away the attention from 
other shows; whose attaches are trying to see which can make 
the most noise. 

The gaff just described is one of the best kind, and some 
effort to keep up a kind of respectable appearance is made. 
The charge for admission is threepence, but the '-'penny gaff" 
is less prententious, the jokesare broader, the language coar er, 
in some cases decidedly bad and demoralizing, the least respect- 
able of human beings congregate in such dens, and I am very 
thankful that such shows have had their day. 

Alongside of the gaff was a peepshow with well painted 
battle scenes on the outside, illustrating the war between 
England and China. One of the pictures represented a huge 
cannon planted at the end of the street, and tlie cannon balls 
were knocking off the heads of the "Celestials" by the score. 
Of course the British had the best of the fight, it wouldn' ' pay 
to show defeat to the British flag. The proprietor had a readv 
tonffue, and described in glowing terms the charge of the 
infantry on the Chinese heathen, and their rout and capture by 
the brave red coat«. His language went generally as follows.: 
'•Walk in gents! Clear the road there boys for the ladies! This 
magnificent exhibition is now open ! A grand panorama of the 
war in China, costing thousands of pounds to paint, by the 
finest living artists, occupying nearly three years of their life, 
and all for one penny! Glorious charge of the British at 
Canton, where 50*000 Chinese were killed in one battle, and 
oniy twenty of the British troops slain ! Admission only one 
penny — children please stand on the upper steps, wipe your 
noses, and don't breathe on the glass!" When all the glasses 
were occupied, he drew a curtain upon them, and proceeded 
to dilate upon other pictures in the same strain. Next to the 
peep-show the learned pig and fat woman show came. The 
burly proprietor would stand on the outside with a large ser- 
pent entwined around his body (of course the poison sac had 
been extracted from its mouth), and there he would stand 
defying the poison of serpents and claiming for himself the 
power to charm them into obedienee. Side by side with the 
fat woman was a conjuror extracting eggs from sacks that he 
appeared to beat on all sides. He also pretended to produce 
living pigeons from Doiling pots. etc. 

We were getting satiated with sights, and like genuine boys 
forgot the coming morrow. By the time we had seen the 
foregoing, our little stock of money was nearly all gone, and 
we began to wonder what we should do next. Should we 
return to the tramp? No! We concluded to strike out from the 
town by the turnpike road to Portsmouth and take our chances. 

With a sigh of regret at leaving the excitements of the 
fair, we hunted our bundles, and with sad and lonely hearts, 
struck out for new scenes and adventures, the recital of which 
must be reserved for chapter seven. 



Xj^IBOIR, 



BY R.H.LO. 




"]]1rom the foundation of the world there has been a tendency 
£ to look down upon labor, and those who live by it, with 

contempt, as though it were something mean or ignoble." 
The truth of the above paragraph is verified every day. The 

millionaire's daughter, riding along in her elegant carriage, 
decked with rare jewels and fine clothes, and with liveried 



driver and footman at her command, looks down with supreme 
contempt and disdain upon the poor factory girls, who are 
hurrying to their work, as if they were of the very lowest 
dregs of the earth; when, if monetary circumstances had been 
different, they too, might have shone in the halls of royalty 
with no less grace than the one who scorns them. And it is 
the same with the other sex. Still there is no earthly reason 
why it should be so, for labor, instead of being a curse, is one 
of the greatest blessings that ever was bestowed upon the 
human race, and the laboring man is as great as the people 
who dress in "purple and fine linen," and look down with 
such disdain upon the laboring classes. What was it that 
furnished them with the money of which they are so vain? 
It was labor. And it is the working man, perhaps, that keeps 
up their treasury now. 

There is nothing ignoble about labor. The Creator of the 
world did not disdain to labor. Our Savior when upon the 
earth did not think labor degrading for him to engage in. 
Whatever we see. on the earth or elswhere. is the product of 
labor. Without labor, ours would be a most miserable exis- 
tence, for the comforts that we enjoy, that make life so 
agreeable, are all the results of labor. What raised the first 
log hut; then the cottage, and lastly the palace? What made 
the clothes which shelter us from the heat of summer, and 
the cold blasts of winter? What is it that makes the books 
we have? What is it that carried on the great "Art Preser- 
vative," since its first obscure invention'.'' What was it that 
started on the track the first little locomotive, that opened up 
the way for the grim iron monsters that have followed? What 
took the hint from the split walnut shell which some boy 
floated on the brook, and set on the flood first the boat, and 
then the ship 9 And what has scattered these "water-walking 
ships" over all the o-eans of the world, and filled them with 
the produce of all lands, and machinery of the profoundest 
inventions? Labor. Labor has done all this and more. 

Take, for example, our beautiful little Territory. Labor, 
in a little over a quarter of a centurv, has transformed the 
once ban-en wastes of Utah, into a rich and prosperous country. 
It has raised from the ground agricultural products to a vast 
amount, and has wrested the precious metals from the mines 
to the extent of millions of dollars. 

There are a great many persons who are continually com- 
plaining what a hard lot they have to bear, and frequently 
wish (and very naturally) that they were rich, so that they 
would not have to labor for a living. But the richest man on 
the face of the earth is not exempt from labor of some kind. 
It is not wielding the pick and shovel, but it is taking care that 
his servants do not rob him or cheat him out of his property. 

And while, perhaps, the merchant prince is driving fast 
horses and faring sumptuously, he is mentally laboring and 
wondering if the heavy stock of costly goods he bought last 
fall will not all be left on his hands and prove a "dead loss" 
to him. Or, may be, he is trying to think where ne can 
borrow the large amount of money which he must have— if only 
foramonth— or else his descent to bankruptcy will be inevitable. 

( )ur readers should remember that no man is free from cares 
and labor, and that — 

If every men's internal cure 
Were written en his brow, 
How ninny would our pity share 
That raise our envy now? 

The Fatal secret .mcr revealed, 

Of every aching breast. 
Would stow tint only while cole ruled, 

Their lot appears the best." 




is&* 



66 



GTTJ^TEZSTIXjE I2SISTE-TJOTOH/. 





nvtm 




GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1876. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





OR nearly twenty- six years the people of 
Utah have lived in Territorial bondage. 
Young men who came here before they 
were quite of age have married, have had 
children, and those children have grown 
to manhood and womanhood and in their 
turn had children, and yet they have never 
had the 'privilege of voting for a President 
of the United States, for a governor or judge 
of the Territory, or had any more voice in the 
selection of these officers than if they were in 
Russia instead of the United States. For three 
generations they have been deprived of these 
rights, and the third generation is now growing 
this kind of serfdom. We have had the privi- 
if electing members of the Legislative Assembly; 
ley neverhavebeen able to pass a bill and make 
,w without the approval of the governor. No 
matter how necessary the law might, be, or how anxious they 
might be to pass it, the governor has had the absolute power 
to veto it, to say that it should nob be law. He has had more 
power in this respect than the thirty-nine members of the 
Assembly chosen by the people. He has had more power in 
Utah than Queen Victoria has in Great Britain. She cannot 
veto the laws passed by parliament. Her grandfather, George 
ITT., against whom the thirteen colonies rebelled, did not 
have as much power in the small colonies of Rhode Lland and 
C mnecticut as the governor of Utah has in this Territory. He 
did not have as much power in those two colonies a* General 
Grant h^s in Utah. General Grant has the power to choose 
governors for Utah. ITe can change them as often a? he likes, 
and we cannot prevent him. If a governor suits us, he can 
remove him. If a man he objectionable to us, he can appoint 
him. But Geoige III. could not do ihis in Bhorle I»-lnnl 
and Connecticut, even when the people wholived there acknow- 
ledged him as their king. The people chose their governors; 
the king's approval of their choice, however, was reserved. 
In those two colonies neither the king nor the governor were 
able to negative laws pas' ed by the Assemblies. 

This w:is not the case in the other colonies. The king could 
annul their laws by his veto. Hence in the T> claration of 
Independence, made by the thirteen colonies one hundred years 
ago the 4th of next July the King was complained of for having 
refused his assent to laws the most wholesome and necessary to 
the public good. Just such a complaint as can be truthfully 
made against some of the governors of Utah. They have vetoed 
many good laws. But there was one advantage which the 
colonies had over their governors that we do not have over our 3 
— they paid them their salaries. When governors are depen- 
dent for their salaries upon the people, they are likely to show 
them more respect than if they drew their pay, as ours now do, 
from the parent government. The colonists made the gover- 
nors feel their power upon this point. They thought it better 
not to give them fixed salaries, but dependent upon annual 
grants. The amount of the salary was regulated from year to 



year; by a consideration of the merits of the officer, as well as 
the opulence of the province. The governors could easily obtain 
from the ministry who appointed them instructions to demand 
peremptorily a large, settled and permanent support; but the 
Assemblies did not regard these iustructions. Of course, the 
refusal or neglect to comply with them created much feeling and 
gave rise to many complaints. But the colonists were firm. They 
saw their power, and they felt bound to keep it. Hence, we 
find in the writings of the period, strong complaints upon this 
subject from the governors: they deplored "the tendency of 
American legislatures to independence." and their unwarran- 
table presumption "in declaring their own rights and privileges;" 
their ambitious efforts "to wrest the administration from the 
King's officers," by refusing fixed salaries, and compelling the 
' respective governors to come to terms every year in order to 
obtain the means necessary for their support. Parliament was 
urged them, as Congress is urged now in regard to Utah, to do 
something to change all this. It was told that while the governor 
was so absolutely dependent on the Assembly, order could not 
possibly be restored in the colonies. The governors urged, 
and the Board of Trade urged, that Parliament should make the 
royal officers less dependent on the Assemblies, and that a 
revenue should be raised with which to fix settled salaries on 
governors. 

But the representatives could not be moved from their 
position. They adhered w'th tenacity to the resolve not to \ T ield 
up their power in respect to the 'money. They said that 
"governors are generally entire strangers to the people they 

are sent to govern ; they seldom regard the welfare of 

the people, otherwise than as they can make it subservient to 
their ovn particular interest; and, as they know the time of 
their continuance in their governments to be uncertain, all 
methods are used, and all agencies set to work, to raise estates 
to themselves. Should the public moneys be left to their 
disposition, what can be expected but the grossest misapplica- 
tion, under various pretences, which will never be wanting?" 

It is said tha'; history repeats itself. This language which 
the colonists used to describe their governors would apply to many 
governor- oP Territories in thessdays. They are sent out to Utah 
and other Territories as royal governors were sent out to the colo- 
nies from England. America, before therevo'utiou. was really a 
s->rt of hospital for Great Britain for its decayed members of 
Parliament and abandoned and broken down courtiers. They 
were frequently "men of broken fortunes, dissolute and ignorant; 
too vile to be employed near home. " The Territories now stand 
in the same relation in this respect to the Federal government 
that the American colonies did to Great Britain. Men of the 
same kind are sent out here that were sent from the mother 
country to America. Of those officers it was said, "their 
conduct was sure to provoke jealous distrust, and to justify 
perpetual opposition " And the same may he said of many 
officers whom come to Utah. 

Why do we write en this subject for the Juvenile Instruc- 
tor? Because we wish the children of this Territory to under- 
stand their rights. Is it right that generation after generation 
should grow up in Utah without the power to vote for their 
principal officers? Is it right, that others, no better than they, 
should select their officers for them, appoint and remove them 
at pleasure and dictate their affairs for them? Is it right that 
men who are strangers to them should be sent here from other 
parts of the nation to be their govenorsr' Is it right that men 
thus sent should have the power to veto the acts of the Legis- 
lative Assembly, to say that one provision shall be the law and 
that another shall not be? No; none of these things is right. 





jttj v E I£T 1 !_■ e iitstbtjotob. 




Then why is this course adopted? Because it is a system that 
has gradually grown up in the nation. It was never expected 
that people would be kept under a Territorial form of govern- 
ment as long we have been. Upwards of twenty states, which 
either joined the Union in the beginning or have sicce been 
admitted, had not as large a population at that time as Utah has 
now. In 1771, five years before the signing of the Declaration 
of Independence, New York, which is now the great empire 
State of the Union, had a population ofouly 163,337; very 
few more than Utah has to-day. It is a great wrong to keep a 
people as numerous as we are in such a position as that we now 
occupy. It is not in accordance with the principles upon which 
the government was founded. The Declaration of Indepen- 
dence expressly says that all men are created equal; and, further, 
that governments derive their just powers from the consent of 
the governed. Under a territorial form of government men are 
not treated as the equals of their fellow citizens in the States, 
neither does that form of government derive its just powers 
from the consent of the people who reside under it. Utah 
should receive more consideration from the hands of the nation 
than to be treated as she is. Her settlement was a fearless 
protest against that worst form of oppression, religious perse- 
cution, and every true American should sympathize with her 
people in their en- 
deavor to secure a 
full measure of free- 
dom. But it is a 
strange fact that the 
representatives ol 
this nation appear as 
reluctant to grant to 
others tie rights for 
■which their fathers 
fouglit, as if the war 
of independence had 
never been fought. 
They denounce G eal 
Britain, and ven 
properly too, for 
seeking to keep the 
colonies in subjection; and in this centenn'al year the nat'on is 
reminded of the struggles ol' its founders lor freedom. Yet 
within our own borders are a number ol' Territories, whose 
people are deprived of many of the rights of self-government, 
and Utah especially so, for her rights have been curtailed 
more than any other of the Territories, though she exceeds 
each in population and the qualifications which const i tute a S a e. 



THE IITTEI^Isr^TIOlSr^L 

EXHIBTTIOIT. 



MAY10 T "<>HOVEMBERI<J"'1876. | 




<- &ws®mim!®im®&&L W.'&smvsmm - 



Happiness.— There are two ways of being happy,— we 
may either diminish our wants, or augment our mean- 
either will do — the result is the same; and it is for each man 
to decide frr himself, and do that which happens to re the 
easiest. If you are idle, or sick, or poor, however hard it 
may be to diminish your wants, it will be harder to augmi at 
your means. If you are active and prosperous, or young, 
or in good health, it may be easier for yen to augment your 
means than to diminish your wants. But if you are wise, 
you will do both at the same time, young or old, rich nr 
poor, sick or well; and if you are very wise, you will do 
both in such a way as to augment the gencrui bapp'ncts of 
society. 




An honest death is better than a dishonest lib 



V[7e inteud giving our readers views of the principal build- 
T ings erected at Philadelphia for the Centennial Exhibi- 
tion; and such information as will enable them to understand 
the nature of the proceedings during the forthcoming exhibi- 
tion of the anniversary of American Independence. 

In 1872 the site of the exhibition was arranged; and pro- 
vision was made for obtainiug preliminary places for buildings 
to cover about fifty acres of floor space, eight acres more than 
was provided at Vienna, and nearly twenty acres more than at 
the Paris exposition. 

On the 4th of July 1873 the grounds set apart for the 
purposes of the exhibition were transferred from the Fair- 
mount Park commission to the centennial commission, since 
which time great efforts have been made to ensure the success 
of this great national enterprise. 

The following is a list of structures, illustrations and detailed 
descriptions of which will be given from time to time. Main 
Exhibition Building, 1876 x 360 feet; Machinery Building, 
J420 feet by 330 feet, with an annex of 208 feet x 210 feet; 
Memorial Hall, 365 feet x 210 feet; Agricultural Building, 820 

feet x 125 feet; Hor- 
ticultural Building, 
383 feet x 193 feet; 
Government Build- 
ing, covering over 
two acres; the 
Women's Pavilion, 
covering one acre, 
and the handsomest 
of the temporary 
structures, with the 
exception of the 
Agricultural Hall; 
the Judges' Hall, an 
ornate t wo-st ory 
structure; besides 
several buildings in- 
tended for the head-quarters of the representatives of diffeient 
States and foreign governments. The entire number ol' build- 
ing- on the Exhibition grounds will be not far hem 2. r >0. The 
area -overcd by the first live buildings above named is fifty 
acie space ample, it was thought, lor all purposes, but so 
far elow the actual amount applied for, that expensive addi 
t'mi, have to be made to re© ive the overflow. 

The Main Exhibition Buildiiig and Machinery Buildings are 
in one extended line, together termini: an exhibition such as 
the world has uovei seen open u like scale of magnitude. 
The art gallery i- distinct from but adjacent to the main 
building. The Horticultural Hall anu Agricultural Buildings 

ars still further removed but e uivciiienilv situated for the 

visiter. The vVumens' Pavilion the (J. 8 Government Build 
itii's and those of .'the States and foreign governments are all 
acce isabh', w ithiu an easy distance. 

i To !"■ Continued.") 



Honesty.— Put it out of the power of tiuth to give you 
an ill character; and if" anybody report* you not to be an 
honest man, let your practice give him the lie; and t<> make 

all sure, yen should Ic-oKe to live no longer that von can live 

honestly; lor it is better to be nothing than a knave. 



=^rJ 





J IT ^7" B T5T X 1L, £2 HTSTBUCTOR. 



^ %r\$tc <§«r %nii$Q&t$. 



BT HUGH KNOUIiH. 

CHAPTER V I . 



WELL, juveniles. I thii.k the last person we were talking 
about was King Kalakaua of the Hawaiian Kingdom. 
jNo doubt you think that Mich a royal personage must have 
lots of soldiers or an army and navy to protect his royal person; 
but in this you are mistaken, for this '"king of the isles" has 
no navy, and but a small, very small indeed, army of soldiers, 
numbering some eighty men, who act as his body grar '. The 
fact is, the kins; has nothing to fear from enemies, for he has 
no near neighbors, and Great Britain ami the United States 
protect him and his subjects from foreign invasion. 

The nest thing to consider is, what do the Sandwich Islands 
produce. Wheat and corn grow well on the uplands, and 
coffee, surar. cotton, tobacco, cacao, arrowroot, mulberries 
and the taro, or bread fruit, together with all tropical fruits 
are grown in abun- 
dance. Cattle and 
logs are raised in 
considerable quanti- 
ties for home con- 
sumption, as also to 
export. In the .year 
1852 the exports, 
that is, the produce 
sent out of the coun- 
try, beyond what was 
required for home con- 
sumption, amount- 
ed in value to $250,- 
000. Whale ships 
formerly visited the 
islands for the pur- 



PH1LADELPHIA 



MAYIO'-ONO YEMBERKT 1876. 




~- II Mgiijigagki'aipgjjiiL f[sa£mnig^iM . 




pose of refitting, etc., and. as I have before said, caused busi- 
ness to be very lively during their stay. In the year 1858 no 
less than five hundred and twenty eight whale ships visited 
these islands, but since that time the number of ships calling 
has decreased every year, so that last year (1875) only nine 
whalers visited the islands. The reason of this is that 
they prefer San Francisco and other place-* as fitting-out 
ports. 

Although these islands no longer enjoy the benefits of the 
whaling business, other marine business has greatly increased 
with them, for last year the total value of exports amounted 
to a little over two millions of dollars. Ships, both steam and 
sailing, call here on their voyages to different parts of the 
world: in fact, it is like a great "half-way-house" on the ocean 
road. One hundred and thirty-one merchant ships called here 
last year. 

Undoubtedly ihe great standard product of the Sandwich 
Islands is sugar. The climate and soil are admirably adapted 
for the growth of this staple article, and its production is one 
of the great mainstays of the inhabitants. But there is one 
great drawback to its successful production, and that is, want 
of labor. The government has imported large numbers of 
Chinese, and, is making contracts tor more shipments, but 
the Celestials, as soon as their term of service expires, prefer 
their favorite and more independent and profitable labor of 



rice culture. Last year over 2,000,000 pounds of this grain 
was produced to export, all of which was sent to the Pacific 
const. 

The estimated crop of sugar for this year (1876) is calculated 
at about 1.3,000 tons. 

For a few years past the cultivation of wool has steadily 
increased. Last year nearly hall' a million pounds of this 
product was exported, and the clip promises to increase every 
year. 

Coffee is chiefly cultivated by the natives, as it requires but 
little exertion to attend to the trees. There are large tracts 
of land, now running to waste, admirably adapted to the culture 
of this berry, and all that is required is labor and capital 
to make this one of the leading products of the islands. It is 
estimated that 105.077 pounds of coffee was exported from 
Hawaii last year. 

There is certainly somMhing remarkable about the changes 
that have taken place for better and for worse in these islands 
di ring the past twenty-five years; particularly for worse, 
but to foretell the future of them correctly is a difficult 
matter. The Kanakas, or natives, as a rule, are inclined to 
be indolent, and besides they are fast dying out; so that large 

companies of Chinese 
have to be imported, 
and they again will 
only work at th e 
easiest and most io- 
munerative employ- 
ment. The com- 
merce is carried on 
by Americans, Ger- 
man-Americans and 
a few English. 
These, in a few years, 
will make a medley 
race of people; but 
whether this mixture 
of races will prove 
beneficial is yet to be 
solved. The climate, soil and the position of the islands are 
favorable to making Hawaii an important spot on the highway 
of nations; but no permanent good can be gained without 
industry, morality and the fear and love of God. 

Though it is the last subject that we speak of in regard to 
those islands, the work of the Latter-day Saints there, must 
be to all readers of the Instructor the most interesting thing 
connected with them. 

The first company of Latter-day Saint missionaries arrived 
at the Sandwich Islands in December, 1850. They wers ten 
in number, and had been sent there by Elder C. C. Eich, who 
at that time, presided over the branch of the Church in 
California. Their names were Hiram Clark, Thomas Whittle! 
Henry W. Bigler, Thomas Morris, John Pixon, William 
Farrer, James Hawkins, Hiram Blackwell, James Keeler and 
George Q. Cannon. 

An effort was first made to introduce the gospel among the 
white people residing on the islands, but the Elders met with 
such poor success in this, that half the company became 
discouraged and left the islands a few weeks after their arrival. 
The others continued to study thj native language, and teach 
the principles of their religion to the people, with much diffi- 
culty for a while, and under very discouraging circumstances, 
but afterwards with great success; so much so, that hundreds 
were baptized within a very short time. Elder George Q 






JUVENILE HTSTE/TJCTOR. 



69 



Cannon made such rapid progress in learning the native dialect, 
that in a short time he was enabled to commence the work of 
translating the Book of Mormon into the Hawaiian language. 
This work was soon finished, and the book published, and 
distributed among the natives, which added aditional impetus 
to the work of Dioselyting. 

A great many Elders have been sent to those islands since 
the first, and the work of converting the natives and trying 
to reclaim them from their low and vicious habits has been 
prosecuted with vigor, until at the present time there are over 
5,000 native Saints in good standing there. 

In 1804 Elder George Nebeker and F. A. Hammond visited 
the islands with their families, for the purpose of purchasing, 
in connection with the Church, a plantation. They selected 
a tract of land at Laie, on the island of Oahu, and set to work, 
with the aid of the native brethren, in fencing erecting neces- 
ary buildings, and preparing for raising cane and manufacturing 
sugar on an extensive scale. The object was to form a colony 
of native Saints heie, and open up a branch of iudustry for 
them that would afford them a means of subsistence, and at 
the same time enable them to form habits of industry, and 
overcome the vici.uvs habits and inclinations that are tending 
to depopulate the i -lands of the native race. The laws of the 
country prohibit the emigration of the natives to other parts; 
and this seemed the only plan to reclaim them from the cor- 
roding influences and practices that Have been introduced into 
their midst by foreigners who claim to be more enlightened 
than the poor natives of that country. 

In tue year 1866 a substantial meeting and school hous? was 
erected under Bro. Nebeker's supervision, on the plantation, 
and Sister Randall arrived from Salt Lake and wasinstal'ed as 
teacher, which offiee she retains at the present t'.me. She has 
a large school of native children, which do her great honor. 
There are at the present time six Elders from Utah laboring 
on the Sandwich Islands, preaching to the natives, and direct- 
ing them in the cultivation of the plantation. The mission is 
presided over by Elder Alma L. Smith. 

Bro. Nebeker brought the first native Saint to Salt Lake 
City in 186f —.he first ever allowed tu leave the isladds. Othei s 
have visited Utah since then, and there are two in Salt Lake 
City at the present time. _ 

What's that you say, the ship starts too night for the Fuji 
Islands? All right, then we must pack up our goods, pay our 
board bills, and bid the beautiful isles of Hawaii adieu; once 
more to pitch and toss on the mighty ocean. 



SELFISH! MATTHEW. 

There are a great many good children; yet once in a whi'e 
we meet those who, we are sorry to say, do not belong to 
the class of those we love. Such a boy was Matthew 

You would not have given a fig to play with him. He had 
carpenters' tools, and books, and checkers, and chess and 
drawing materals, and balls and kites, and ships, and skates, 
and snow-shovels, andsleds-ohl I could not tell you all he had. 

Well if you went on a Saturday afternoon to play with him, 
he would watch all these things as closely as a cat would a 
mouse; and if you went within reach of them, he would sing 
out, "D-o-n't; t-h-a-t-s m i-n-e." 

Of course it was not much lun to go and see bun. \ ou had 
to play every thing he. wanted, 01 he would pout and say he 

would not play at all. 

Then Matthew was such a baby ! I love a brave boy. He 
would go screaming to his mother if he got a scratch, as ll a 



wild tiger were after him ; and if you said anything to him 
about it, he would p..ut, and stick out his lips. 

It was like drawing teeth to get him to go across the room 
to hand you a newspaper. He ought to have had a little world 
all to himself, he was so selfLh. 

When his mother was told of his faults, she would say, "Oh, 
he will outgrow them by-and-by." 

I knew that bis selfi-hncss would grow as fast as he did; and 
that when he came to be a man, he would be unfeeling to the 
poor, aud make hard bargains with them, aud wring the last 
penny out of their threadbare pockets. 

Oh, dear cbi dren, be generous. If you have but half an 
apple, give somebody a bite of it. Perhaps some child will 
say, "But I have not anything to give." That is a mistake > 
that boy or girl is not living, who has nothing to give. Give 
your sympathy; give pleasant words and beaming smiles, to the 
tad and weary hearted. 




4f or rcjjjjoti tlence* 



,■■■1 1 Juaiai M 



Ysleta, New Mexico, 

March 13, 187C. 
Edilor Jucenile Instructor: 

Peak Brother: This town is situated on the west 
bank of the Kio Grande del Norte, twelve miles, south of the city 
of Albuquerque, and contain* about two thousand five hundred 
people. It is entirely inhabited hy tup Pueblo Indians, and is the 
place where the chief of the nation lives, there being some eight- 
een other towns and villages, and, in all, about twenty five thous- 
and inhabitants. 

Th"<o people are very industrious a d do agreat deal of farming, 
raise a great quantity ot fruit, and grapes, and makea vast amount 
of wine every fall. They also raise a great many animals sucn as 
sheep, cattle and horses, and some few hogs. They lay out their 
towns in small blocks with streets at right angles, with a small 
square in the centre. They build their houses after the Mexican 
style: all built of adobes, and about the same height. In the 
interior they are nicly whitewashed, and most of them have 
flashy calicos tacked up all around the walls about five feet high. 
There is a large -eat all around the room with a woolen cushion 
on ir and then covered with costly Navajo blankets. The floors 
ate carpeted either with blankets or buffalo-robes, making 
their houses present a very neat, tidy and welcome appear- 
ance. 

The style in which the men dress is about half American and 
half Indian; they wearacommon wool hat, a calico shirt, buckskin 
pants and leggins, and also moccasins, and, in winter, they wear 
a Navajo blanket. The women dress as they always did: they 
w lar buckskin moccasins nnd leggins, and a short black skirt made 
from a Moquis blanket; also a black Moquis blanket around the 
shoulders and wai-t: and of late there is woi n a kind of cape made of 
calico or domestic, which bangs down from the back of the necK 
over the black shawl They are very polite in their manners. 
When they hand you a drink ot water thev always take off their 
hat. whi.e you are drinking, and when you meet them in the street 
they always salute you by touching their hats. 

They have treated us very kindly, and wherever we I liro. 
Amnion M. Tennev and myself) have borne our testimony they 
have received it, and all say they believe what we tell them is 
true. Hut they me bound down with Catholicism, and it will 
take a great (leal to break the bonds of tyranny that bind them. 
Yet we do not de-pair, and hope by the help of God to do a good 
work. 

Hoping you may be blessed in all your righteous efforts. 

I remain Your Brother in the Gospel. 

R. II. Smith. 





vTTT^riEItTlILIE ■IITSTRUCTOE/. 




THE GOLDMAKERS' 
V I Xj Xj .A. Or IE . 



From CJiambers" Miscellany. 



( Continued, ) 




ii f\ dear, dear!" exclaimed Brenzel. "The prince means to go 

\J to the £wn ; T am not at home ; and now he will put up at 
the Eagle;" So saying, he hurried homeward, running until 
he lost his breath, and getting the fine cane once more between 
his legs, so that he came down again with violence upon his 
already battered no*. Rising up, he hastened on, notwith- 
standing the pain, and found his partof the village quite deserted 
— no prince at the Lion — no prince at the Eagle; but his 
kitchen-maid came breathless to tell him: "All the people are 
down at the schoolmaster's waiting to see the prince." And 
there, sure enough, he found a crowd in front of wald's house. 
Presently, the door was opened, the prince appeared, walking 
between Oswald and Elizabeth, then kindly shook hands with 
them, stepped into his carriage, and was soon whirled away, 
leaving the spectators more than ever convinced that Oswald 
was a magician. 

"Even great princes come to him for money," said one of the 
sages of Goldenthal when the adventure was talked over. "Tf 
I had his deep knowledge, do you think I would live here and 
keep school as he does? No ; I would ride about like the prince, 
and have my kitchen full of good living, and my cellar full of 
wine. If I sold myself to Satan, it would be for something 
worth while." 

Poverty, likeriehes, corruptsthc heart; and there were r ome 
poor wretches in Goldenthal who, while they talked ofOswald's 
supposed arrangement with Satan, secretly wished that they 
could make as good a bargain. 

The inhabitants of Groldenthal, as may be a'ready judged, 
were ill instructed, and full of the prejudices belonging to a 
rude and primitive state of things. Never accustomed to 
observe the operation of natural causes, they readily traced all 
that was remarkable to something beyond nature — to magic, or 
the practice of unholy arts. That their neighbor Oswald, a 
discharged soldier, with means not above the common, should 
live in comfort, want for no money, and be visited by princes, 
was to their minds supernatural. The report spread by his 
mother-in-law added strength to this wild notion; and now it 
was a confirmed belief among manv that he could derive his 
wealth only by an intercourse with evil spirits; perhaps, -s has 
been already hinted, he had, like Dr. Faustus, sold himself 
body and soul to the great enemy of mankind. 

Worked on by necossity, a number ot the poorest men in 
Goldenthal, unknown to each other, began to cultivate Oswald's 
friendship. Seizing on favorable opportunities, they, one 
after the other, visited him privately, and hinted that they 
required his advii e n specting their eircumstinces. They had 
evid mtly a mighty secret, which they longed to utter. At last 
one ventured to speak out, and said: "Oswald, you can make 
lm'!, teach me to do it. I am so poor, that I care for nothing, 
not even to see Beelzebub in proper person. I am, in short, 
ready to strike any bargain to get out of my poverty." Oswald 
was amazed at the. folly and impiety of this confession. But, 
for some time he hardly knew what to say to men so ignorant, 
and vicious. 

Having at length, after some time for deliberation, formed a 
scheme by whi h he might take advantage of the men's willing- 

ss to work out any plan he might suggest, he told them all 



individually that he was prepared to teach them the art of 
goldmaking, and that for this purpose they must come to his 
house on a certain evening, a short time before midnight. All, 
as a matter of course, gladly promised to attend. 

Accordingly, on the appointed night, the would-be goldmakers 
arrived at Oswald's house, each supposing himself a solitary 
visitor, and all were conducted into one room in entire darkness. 
Every one shuddered as he felt others near him. and all stood 
together in the darkness in breathless terror until the church 
clock struck twelve. Then suddenly the door was opened, and 
Oswald walked in arrayed in full military costume, with a 
feather in his cap, a sword at his side, =.nd bearing two candles 
in his hands. He found thirty-two visitors present, all looking 
ashamed of their mutual recognition, and terrified at the 
appearance of one whom they believed to be closely allied with 
evil demons. But Oswald looked on them with a very serious 
fa;e, and began to speak : "Look at me, unhappy men, and se: 
who I am. I follow no black art. 1 am a worshiper of God. 
In God's way only is prosperity to be found. But you have 
been far out of that way. You have been drunken lazy wretches, 
cruel to your wives and children, and now you are in debt and 
misery. Will you let me help you? If you would be as rich 
as I am, do as I do !" So saying, he poured upon the table a 
heap of gold from a bag. The men all stared with dazzled 
eyes; their hearts beat and fluttered fearfully. Oswald contin 
ued'- "You have come to learn how to make gold. I will 
teach you. But you must serve an apprenticeship of seven 
years and seven weeks. He who observes my lessons for that 
time, shall at the end have more gold to spare than you see now 
upon this table. But, I tell you, my rules will be hard to obey, 
unless you turn your hearts and become new men." 

All the listeners, in anxious silence, stared on Oswald's face, 
as if he were their judge, just about to pronounce their doom. 

"Now, hear my rules for goldmaking," said he, "to be kept 
for the space of seven years and seven weeks. If any of you 
will not observe these rules, let him depart." Not on ■ moved 
from his place; so Oswald delivered the following rules for 
goldmaking : 

"1. You shall avoid all taverns, and regularly attend meeting, 

"2. You shall play no games with cards, and, dice, nor 
gamble in any way. 

"3. You shall use no oaths, nor lying and slanderous words. 

"4. Every day you shall have prayers in your- families, and 
labor industriously. 

"5. You shall consume neither wine nor brandy, and be 
strictly temperate in everything, not even smoking tobacco. 

"6. "You shall suffer no weeds to stand in your gardens, 
nor rubbish to lie in your houses. 

"7. You shall keep your own persons and those of your 
children clean and decent! 

"By this last sign I shall know if you are faithful. — Now, if 
you will promise to observe these rules for the time mentioned, 
step forward and join hands with me." 

One after another came forward and reached his arm over 
the pile of gold on the table, and clasped Oswald's hand, and 
said: "I will!" At length all the men present made the 
promise. 

"Now," said Oswald, "go to your homes, and remember that 
you have entered into a confederacy for well-doing. We are 
all, henceforth, to be as one man in the cau.~e. Each is to 
support the other. Ifanyiswoak, vre will help him. Farewell.' 

In silence the men departed and sought their respective 
homes. None of them but was surprised at the unexpected 
turn which affairs had taken, and individually, they might have 





CTTTVZEHSrilLjE IE-STRTJCTOE 




rejected the plan pointed out for their acceptance; they were, 
however, pledged to each other, and shame, if nothing else, 
would keep them from breaking their promise. It is at least 
certain that one and all acted on Oswald's midnight injunction. 
Next morning, considerately advised by Oswald, they set about 
divers little reforms in and about their dwellings, also in their 
outward appearance. 

"What is the matter? Isthe prince coming again?" exclaimed 
the lame old village watchman as he went his round the 
next morning, and saw several men dressed more decently than 
was usual. Besides, thee were other wonders in Goldenthal 
— washing, sweeping, and rubbing of windows, doorways, 
tables, and benches ! 

And this marvel did not sudd inly die away; but from week 
to week new causes of wonder arose for all the Groldenfhalers 
who were not in the secret of the Golduiakers' confederacy. 
The taverns began to look deserted; the court for ninepins on 
Sunday echoed neither to rolling balls, curses, nor laughter; 
cards and dice lay almost undisturbed. Those who had been 
the most frequent visitors at the tavern-, now employed their 
evenings with their wives and children, or in looking over their 
fields. The host of the Eagle, when he saw his benches almost 
empty on Sunday, nearly shed tears of vexation as he exclaimed: 
'•Have all the people lost their senses? There must be some 
amendment of this— such a sad state of things must not be 
tolerated!" Breuzel, too, joined loudly in the complaint. 
Said he : "This is an infamous conspiracy against me!" The 
reformation in his parish attracted the attention even of the 
old parson, and he dated it all from the delivery of one of his 
longest sermon^. Enraged that the parson should acknowledge 
the change of manners as an improvement, the two publicans 
almost entirely left-their places iu the church. 
{.To he Continued.) 



STJISTJD^Y LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON XXIX 




Q.— About this time where d.d Joseph Smith go? 

A.— He visited the. family of Joseph Knight of Colesville, 
Broom Co., N. Y. 

Q.— Werelthey professors of religion? 

A.— Yes; they were Universalists. 

Q._-Wlule there, did Joseph hold meetings and preach to the 
people? 

A.— Yes, several, while in that neighborhood. 

Q.—What particular circumstance took place while he was 
there? 

A.— Newel Knight^son of Joseph Knight, was tormented with 

an evil spirit. 

Q.— "Where did this take place? 

A. — In his own house. 

Q.— How did it operate upon him? 

A.— His faee and limbs were twisted out of shape. 

Q.— What el>e took place 

A.— He was -caught up from the floor and tossed about. 

Q._Who was then sent for? 

A.— Joseph Smith and several neighbors. 

Q.— What did Joseph Smith do? 

A.— He caught hold of his hand. 

Q.— What did Newel Knight say? 

A.— He begged of Joseph to cast the devil out of him, saying 
he knew he could. • 

Q. — What did Joseph say? 

A.— "If you know 1 can, it shall he done." 



iusiian$ anil ^nsirer^ 



OIST TBIB 

book: of im: o b, jvl~ o nsr 



LESSON CIV. 

0.— After the release of the live men, who was accused of 
being an accomplice in the murdi r of ilie chief judge? 

A. - Nephi. 

Q.— What was done to him? 

A.— He was bound, and brought before the multitude to he 
que:cioned. 

Q.—What was offered to Nephi if he would tell the murderer's 
name? 

A.— The judges offered him his freedom and also money. 

Q.— Why did they thus question him? 

A. — They thought he had got somebody to do the di 

Q— What did he tell them to do? 

A.— To go to Seantum, the brother of the murdered man, and 
ask him if he (Nephi) had agreed with him about the murder. 

Q.— Did they do as Nephi advised' 

A.— y e s, and, as Nephi said, Seantum denied any knowledge 
of the crime, and afterwards confessed that he was the murderer, 
though by no agreement with Nephi. 

Q— What was then done to Nephi and the five men who were 
accused? 

A.— They were set at liberty. 

Q.— What did some of the people believe about Nephi? 

A.— Some thought he was a prophet and some -aid that he was 

a god. 

Q. — As he was going home what did he In a- 9 

A.— A voice, which said that he was blessed for ids integrity, 
and that which he sealed on earth should be sealed in heaven. 

Q.— Wlntt was he commanded to do by this voice? 

A.— To declare to the people that unless they repented they 
should he destroyed. 

OUST THIS BIBLE. 



Q — Was this approved oi7 

A. — "He was accepted in the sight of all the people, and also 
in the sight of Saul's servants." 

Q.— After the slaughter of the Philistine gia=t who earn- out to 
meet Saul? 

A.— The women from all the cities of Israel. 

q —"What did they greet him with? 

'A. With singing and dancing, with tahrets, with joy and with 

instruments of music. 

Q._How did the women answer each other as they played? 

A.— "Saul hath Slain his thousands, and David his ten thous- 
ands." 

Q. — What effect did this have upon Saul? 

A. "He was very wroth, and the saying displeased him." 

Q._What did Saul say? 

A. — "What can he have more hut the kingdom?" 

Q. — Wlmt did Saul do to David after this saying' 

A.— I'e "eyed David from that day and forward." 

Q.—What came upon Saul on the morrow? 

A. — "The evil Spirit from God." 

Q.—What did David then do? 

A.— He played with the harp as at other time-. 

Q —What did Saul have in his hand? 

A. — A javelin. 

Q.—What did Saul do with it? 

A. — He 'i-t il at David. 

Q,_What did Saul say when he did this? 

A.— "1 will smite Da\ id oven to the wall with it." 

Q.— What del David do? 

A.— He "avoided out of hi- presence tw ice." 

Q.—What effect 'lid this have upon Saul? 
A.— He was afraid of David. 





72 



CT IT ^T IE IN" I !_. IE UsTSTRUCTOB 




soisra- .A.3>r:D o:e3:o:r,tjs.-":nt:lj x)ESFEi^^.isriDXJ3y:.' 



Words by "Hugh Enough." 



Organ 



-J 



11^=31 






=t=n 



Music by E. Beesley. 
to- i— J— m>-\~ — FEB 



aa* 



1. Tins life is but short and its pleasures are fleeting, And scenes that are bright now so quickly may fade 

2 In childhood how oft we have felt like com - plaining Of trouble we now sometimes think ofand -mile 

3. When oft perse - cuted and from their homes driven. Did the Saints lose all hope and give way to despair'' 

4. When sorrow doth come and our faint hearts are failing, And we feel that the world is un - grateful and cold 



Mr .3*. -i 



t: 









1?- 



:t 



1= 



I 



1MI 









:J:^ir^- S 



»-i — '— *• 1 — 

i=3 ! _ JzEbz 






rr: 



:p: 



^5 



plliisiig 



Dear friends whom to - day we are joyously greeting, Stern death ere to - m-rrow their homes may in - vade 

bo year after year for new blessings we're aiming, Which gain'd,but a moment our hearts doth be - guile 

No I trod they re - bed on and ever have striven A - gainst perse - cution, a bright .-mile to wear 

Let us put forth fresh strength, what s the use of complaining? We'll gain a reward that s .more lasting .than gold 



r J •!-» -]-— — *^ <p — H 3—5- — ^^3— q 






zj*w— p A—fs- 



-J-tz_-_ 



3— :^2- 

J Si 

i 



|=gZ E£gErZEE3E|EErEEfeg 



Chorus 






Thcn wo have 



duty in this life to follow: To labor and watch and he constant, in . 



> *< J J ' _h J 



and watch and he constant in prayer. 



^-— '— -I — si — *r— « — ^ — «i 

Then we have a duty in this lile to 
55S-rP-]= :=i-p-q=»_„ q=» q 



l£g* | -| — q — c 



roltow 



.* zz\^zz9tizm'zz\zz^z%»zz^z\z\zz^zzz^z 

tTi 



labor and watch and be 



constant in 



— »— m zz£~z zz*~ zz^zz^zz] 

-^zzEzzazz\zzzzzzB^.z:± 



-I — 



pig 

prayer. 



ill 



f: 



£— tEk:t=t— E3 



* 






So 



iS^gl^^^^lE^l^J 



Nevi 



de 




So let.old and young from this precept strength bomr. 



spair. 

I s 



let old and young from this precept strength borrow 



Nil desper - andum, 



Nil desper - andum, 



-j — 
Never 



-& — «--* 



=f==*-*- 



:- 



nn; 



de 



spair. 



-£ 



_j_ 



-s>— 



:e zrsr i a- :m: ^ . 



BY SOREN STAALESEN. 



I AM composed of IT letters: 

My !■">, 13, 7, 15, 7. 17, is a prophet; 

My 10, 13, 12, 17. 2, 4. is a queen of old; 

My 7, 9, LO, 8, was slain by his brother; 

My 1, 7, 9, 4, 15, 10, 8, is a great messenger of (rod; 

My 16, 17, 3, 14, 7, 13, is an apostle of Jesus Christ; 

My 17, 7, •">, 7, 11, is the mother of a great nation; 

My 14, '■',, 13, 6, 13, is a man that conversed with Cod; 

My whole is the name of one of the greatest men of this 
generation. 



•TTT'V'IEZNTLIEi IZfcTSTrR/TTOTOIR, 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 




TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^©-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




