
VOL XII 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1877. 



NO. 2. 



AUOIS1TT SHIPPI1TG. 



It would seem almost impossible to believe that the great 
ent of the loth century were undertaken iu such 

precav' > issels as were used by Columbus. But when we 
glance ' :k over the history of naval architecture and observe 
what lil le improvement had been made by the maratime 



terror wherever their footsteps trod, put to sea on their exped'- 
tions in large, flat-bottomed boats, the keels of which were of 
very light timber, the decks and sides being merely wicker 
work, the whole covered with strong hides. In time these 
\ ess Is were replaced by those built of wood, and having 




SHIPPING OP Til K 1 1th i KM I 11V. 




nations, and yet the success that followed their bold and 
dangi rous adventures, we are not surprised that Columbus, who 

had staked hi- all on the project of discovery, was willing to 
vonture on the treacherous and unknown sea in vessels bo frail 
and unsubstantial. 

The Saxons who ravaged the coasts of Kumpe. -pleading 



sails. Oars were not east aside until about the lime of 
William the Conquerer (1068). During this time, commerce 
was being largely developed in the Mediterranean! the vessels 

chiefly used were modifications of the ienl galley. In fact, 

the picture of the shipping of the 13th century shows that the 
character ol vessels had been httle altered in the shape of th 





14 



CT TT "V" E IN" I IIL IE I1TSTRUCTOR. 




hull. The bows and stem were considerably more elevated 
than the center, yet this was a feature inherited from the 
model of the galley; but we find that they were pr opelled by 
their sails alone. Their masts were ge nerally single sticks, 
and seldom exceeded two 
in number; the sails were 
all square and the yards 
lowered on deck. These 
vessels were used both for 
the nival and the mer- 
chant marine, though the 
galley was still in favor for 
war purposes, especially in 
the Mediterranean. The 
method of steering by 
paddles attached to the 
quarter was still in use. 
In fact, it was not until 
the latter part ofthe 14th 
century that these pa Idles 
were superseded by the 
use of the rudder hung 
at the stern, as in use at 
the present day. 




THREE SHIPS 



^o the, Centennial HxniMtton^ 

with croTTmsra-s bit 

THE WAY. 



TSY C. R. S. 




( Continued. ) 

I j^rom Sherman, it may be said that it is down hill all the way 
to the Culf ot Mexico. We now enter i p id the least 
interesting part of the great railroad. We pass a few scrub 
pines on our descent to Cheyenne, and then good by to trees 
and mountains. 

Cheyenne is called the magic city of the plains, and is 
certainly of mushroom growth; but in spite of its quick 
development, most of it is built in the most solid and sub- 
stantial manner. From here you go to old Fort Laramie and 
the mining regions in the Black Hills. 

From this point the vicinity of the road is devoid of interest, 
being only remarkable as an immense cattle herding ground. 
You reach the South Platte in the night, and follow it down to 
North Platte Station, the junction of the North and South 
Platte rivers, also in the night. 

Morning finds us in the great Platte valley, and to those who 
have toiled along its banks with ox teams the recollection of 
sand hills and the fording of rivers comes vividly to the mind. 
The long, weary trips, day after day. from eight to fifteen" iniles 
only, will not soon be forgotten. The midnight watch of the 
cattle, the terrific storms of thunder, lightning and rain that 
u-^ed to make our very souls quake, are things of the past. 

When it took ten weeks with ox teams to cross the plains 
we took the matter easy; but now, when we can make the 
trip in a little over two days, we grow impatient, and think 
tli>- Union Paeific a very slow road. 

From North Platte, eastward, the land in the valley is 
ui"-tly under cultivation. Villages and towns are found about 
every ten miles all the way to Omaha. Splendid crops of 



corn are raised, and the condition of the farmers appears 
comfortable and easy. Land is very rich and cheap; but the 
winters are cold, and the country devoid of trees except along 
the margins of the rivers. Very little fruit is raised, and as 
yet the country is undeveloped. 

The track of the U. P. in Nebraska is almost straight; in 
one place it is a tangent, or straight line for eight miles. 
Very little grading was required in constructing the road 
excepting at a point thirty miles west of Omaha, where we 
bid good by to the valley of the Platte, at Elkhorn ridge. 
The country now looks more settled up, and in better cultiva- 
tion; fences begin to appear, and oak, walnut and hickory 
timber tells us that we are nearing the older States. 

Omaha, from being a few scattered houses twenty years 
ago, is now a fine city of 20,000 inhabitants, with factories, 
mills, smelting works, distilleries, pork packing establishments, 
huge railroad shops, large hotels and stores, street railroads 
and other improvements. It also boasts the finest school 
building in the west. 

Looking east across the river, Kanesville, or Council Bluffs 
is seen. It occupies the hills and part of the valley of the 
Missouri. It is the terminus of six railroads running north, 
east and south. The Missouri river is spanned by a splendid 
iron bridee that cost $2,500,000, owned and controlled by the 
U. P. R. R. Company. Florence is north of Omaha some 
s'x miles; it is now almost forgotten. It was once the chief 
starting point across the plains for the "Mormon" emigration. 
Council Bluffs was first settled by the Latter-day Saints, and 
named Kanesville in honor of Col. Kane, a tried and valued 
friend to our people. 

I am sorry to say that the residents are trying to obliterate 
the old names of streets that have been given them long ago, 
and substituting others that have no connection with the 
settling up of the town, thus blotting out the fact that the 
names were given by the old "Mormon" settlers. 

I took the Chicago and Rock Island road in going ea itward 
The track was soft and muddy, owing to heavy rains. In 
many places the track was out of sight, and the wheels of the 
coaches six inches deep in the mud. Of course we creep 
slowly over bad places; but the usual speed is about thirty 
miles per hour, one fourth faster than the Union Pacific trains 
We have left the plains and are now in a rolling country 
all settled up and occupied by farmers. Timber i.s scarce 
except along the margins of the streams. The universal crop 
is corn; verv little else i.s seen. The land appears rich and 
very fertile. A succession of towns are passed, and the most 
important point next reached is Djs Moines, on the junction 
of Des Moines and Raccoon rivers; the population 15,000. It 
has the snap of a live town and is the capital of Iowa. 

Very fine groves of valuable timber line the banks of the 
Pes Moines river. Walnut, hickory, oak. ash and other 
kinds abound; in fact, the nearer we get towards the Eastern 
States the more plentiful is the timber. . 

Iowa City, on the Iowa River, is the next point of interest; 
then follows Davenport, the largest city in Iowa. We have 
reached the banks of the mighty Mississippi, and cross it on 
a very fiue bridge to Rock Island City, leaving the great gov- 
ernment arsenal on Bock Island on our left. 

This point impressed me as the most imposing and beauti- 
ful of any on the road between Council Bluffs and Chicago. 

We now enter Illinois. The country is beginning to change 
in appearance; it is losing the prairie look. Trees are becom- 
ing plentiful; everything looks older. Moline, a manufactur- 
ing town, said to possess the most extensive water power in 





J" TJ -V IE IN" I L IE INSTRUCTOR 



15 





the north west, is on the line of the road; then follows Ottawa: 
a city of 8,000 inhabitants; next Joliet, and we are fast nearing 
Chicago. 

Manufacturing establishments abound on every side of the 
track, cities, towns and villages are passed in quick succession, 
and canals and railroads indicate the increase of population 
and business energy. 

One great peculiarity is noticeable in traveling in America, 
and that is the similarity of towns and their inhabitants. Go 
from San Francisco to New York, and you will see but little 
difference in the style of dress and talk. All seem "parts of 
one tremendous whole." Although separated thousands of 
miles from each other, the same language and style of dress 
prevail from Maine to the Golden Gate. 

In traveling one thousand miles in Europe you see nothing 
but constant change. Cross the British Channel to France 
from England, and a new people and another language is 
encountered. Pass south into Italy, and lo! another change, 
entirely different. The same might be said if you go farther 
south into Spain. In old England each county has a different 
dialect; but in our country one universal characteristic pre- 
vails. Railroads help to break down differences in talk and 
customs. A man coming from the most remote parts cannot 
be distinguished on Broadway, New York, from a resident. 

As we approach Chicago, the country becomes almost a 
dead level, with few elevations. Some twenty railroads ter- 
minate here, forming a network of iron on the land side. It 
is situated on the west shore of Lake Michigan, at the mouth 
of the Chicago River. Forty .years ago it was a small Indian 
trading station, now it is the metropolis of the north-west, 
with a population in 1875 of 400,000 inhabitants. An immense 
business is done here in grain, lumber, pork and stock of all 
kinds. The Chicago river divides the city into three parts. 
The river is crossed by thirty-three bridges, and two stone 
tunnels run under it. 

Hundreds of steamers ply between here and ports on the 
other great inland lakes. Schooners, and even barques, sail 
out of the port of Chicago. One would almost imagine him- 
self to be in a great seaport town, instead of being in the 
heart of the American Continent, where, as Henry Russell says: 
"Tiie lakes are like oceans in storm or in rest, 
Away, far away to the .and of the West" 

Chicago ranks next in commercial importance to New York. 
among the cities of the T'nited States. About 90 000,000 
bushel' of grain were received and shipped here in 1872, over 
1,000,000,000 feet of lumber received in 1873, and, in the 
season of 1872-3, 1,456,650 bogs and 10,080 cattle were packed. 
The factories employ over 50,000 workmen, and produce almost 
everv article in demand. 

The hotels are immense palaces, the business blocks colossal 
marts of trade. Everything is "on the grand," as we say in 
T'tah — too grand for hard times — for tens of thousands of 
dollars are locked up in the ornamental cornices and fancy 
fronts of many of the Chicago stores. 

It is curious to stand on the street and see a large vessel 
cross State street a few blocks off; as we near the river, to 
watch proceedings, we find an immense draw-bridge is turned 
around and vessels are allowed to pass. It is immediately 
replaced, and over pour the crowds. Should a too long delay 
occur, the teams an! passengers pm under the river, through 
the tunnels. 

The Chicago merchants are the keenest business men in 
America; it is amu«ing how sharp and enenrctic they are to 
Everybody is in a hurry. Some travelers say Chicago 



is the wickedest city; but each one visited on our eastern trip 
could claim the title. Wickedness, profanity, drunkenness 
and debauchery are tco apparent everywhere in large cities. 
Side by side with the lavish extravagance of the rich are the 
homes of the wretchedly poor and miserable. 

In October, 1871, Chicago was visited by the most destruc- 
tive fire of modern times. It is said to have been caused by 
the upsetting of a coal oil lamp while an old lady was milking 
a cow in a stable. The total loss by the fire was summed up 
at as high a figure as $190,000 000. It was not long before 
many parts of the burnt district were rebuilt, and the city as 
lively as ever, although to-day one sees traces of the dreadful 
calamity. 

Chicago is supplied with wa'.cr pumped up into a stone tower 
one hundred and thirty feet high, by pumping engines having 
a capacity of 27,000,000 gallons daily. It is drawn through a 
tunnel from a point two miles out in the lake. The engines 
are some of the finest in use. and arc objects of great interest 
to thousands of visitors. Then there are parks, stock yards, 
Artesian wells and public gardens with zoological collections, 
museums, and a great number of interesting sights; but we 
cannot linger any longov here, w e must leave for Philadelphia. 
(To be Con'inued.) 



tograghg. 



JOSEPH SMITH 
IP IP, O IP H IE T . 



THE 



(Con tinner!.) 



ATTENDING the School of the Prophets, an 1 the other 
many duties which devolved upon Joseph during these 
days, kept hira very busy. His wis an exceedingly active 
life. The many calls that were made upon hira by one and 
another, and the various responsibilities which rested upon 
him, fully occupied his time. But what a glorious labor was 
his! Chosen by the Lord to be His instrument to establish 
His Church and lay the foundation of His Kingdom once more 
upon the earth ! The Lord endowed hira with the needed gifts 
and qualifications to attend to every duty which he had to per- 
form. He never grew weary of the work the Lord had given 
him to do; he never 'ost interest in it; but he loved it as mm h, 
and was as zealous in attending to it up to the latest moment 
of his life, as he was in the beginning of his career. Whatever 
change there was in his love and feelings for the work of God. 
was for the better; his love became stronger, and his feelings 
warmer, every day that he lived. Every day's labor in the 
work revealed new attractions to him, and he constantly saw 
new features in it which he could admire and which stimulated 
him to renewed exertions. 

He had many difficulties to contend with, lie and his breth- 
ren were very poor, and they were never free from persecutions 
and annoyances; he particularly, because he was the leader, 
and every eye was upon him. There was one trial, however, 
which he and his faithful brethren had to contend with, that 
was very grievous. All the other trials were as nothing com- 
pared with it. It was the apostasy of those who had once 
known the truth. False brethren! How much sorrow have 
they produced! The deception and evil plotting of that class 
gave Joseph much sorrow and perplexity. 



.;4$£ 




16 



JTJVE1TILE I1TSTRUCTOR 





Many were the fervent prayers which Joseph offered up to 
the Lord in those days for the aid which he and the brethren 
required to enable them to meet their engagements. Pie did 
not want himself or the brethren to be brought into disrepute 
or into the power of their enemies through not being able to pay 
any debt that might be due. On one occasion, in the month 
of December, 1835, twenty of the brethren united together, and 
made a donation to Joseph of forty dollars and a half. In 
speaking about the brethren's kindness, he says: "My heart 
swells with gratitude inexpressible, when I realize the great 
condescension of my heavenly Father in opening the hearts of 
these my beloved brethren to administer so liberally to my 
wants, and I ask God in the name of Jesus Christ to multiply 
blessings upon their heads, " etc. We record this act of the 
brethren, and Joseph's feelings respecting it, to give our readers 
an idea of the value that was placed upon a small amount of 
means in those days. The Church was not as rich then as it is 
now; and a dollar was worth much more then than it is now. 
.Joseph and the leading Elders had to accomplish great works 
with little means. Some of those brethren, whose names are 
recorded as having dona'ed this mouey to Joseph, could to-day 
if necessary give the forty dollars and a half apiece, and proba- 
bly much more than that sum, and not feel it as much as they 
did that amount when divided between twenty of them in the 
year 1835. 

Not for one moment did Joseph lose sight of the redemption 
of Zion. He and the brethren were pledged to keep it in view 
while life should last; accordingly we find him in December, 
1 835, mailing numerous petitions from people in all parts of the 
United States to the Governor of the State of Missouri to re- 
store the Saints to their possessions. But of what avail were 
they? They had a two-fold effect: the Saints could claim that 
they had sought for redress in every possible way, and had not 
failed to try to do the Lord's will, and the rulers were left 
without any excuse for their criminal neglect in not granting 
them their rights. 

During these days Joseph suffered much in his feelings 
through the misconduct of bis brother William. Though called 
to be one of the Twelve Apostles, William had not obtained 
the mastery over himself. He was a very stubborn, violent- 
tempered man, impatient of contradiction and rebuke. His 
brother Joseph vas the best friend he had, and yet he would 
abuse him. On one occasion at the trial of a case before the 
High Council, in which William Smith was complainant. 
Joseph objected to some testimony that was presented, which 
he did not deem proper. William became very much enraged 
at Joseph for objecting to the testimony. The next day they 
met for the purpose of talking the affair over, Joseph being 
anxious to have it settled. Hyrum Smith, their elder brother, 
was present. Hut they could do nothing with William. He 
became very angry, and would not listen to anything they Lad 
to say, and left the house abruptly, declaring that he woul 1 
have nothing more to do with them. He seut Jo.-eph his 
Elder's license) and busied himself in trying to poison the 
uiinds of the people against the prophet. This was a cause I 
great grief to Joseph, for he loved his brother and was desirous 
that he should be saved; but he knew that the course he bad 
taken was very wrong, and unless he repented he would lose bis 
standing before the Lord. William's brethren of the Twi Ive 
Apostles were anxious about him, and prayed to the Lor 1 for 
him, and it \~ probale that he did humble himself to a cei lain 
extent; hut from what followed, not as be should have 
done. 

( To be Continued. ) 



(gravels it^ |(ntlia 



1iV WILLIAM FOTUERINGHAM. 



[Continued.) 



n^UE method we adopted of soliciting donations from those 
' not of our faith bad a tendency to infuse a spirit of liber- 
ality among the few members of the Church who resided in 
San Francisco; and more especially brother John M. Horner, 
who at that time was a.buudantly blessed with means. He 
notified the brethren to cease asking aid from those who were 
not members of the Church, and for the different missions to 
engage their passages; to their various fields of labor, and he 
would cover the deficiency required, which I afterward learned 
amounted to over four thousand dollars. Thomas S. Williams, 
who was doing business in Sacramento, also called upon the 
brethren and contributed five hundred dollars. 

The brethren of the Siam missions, viz., C. W. West; E. 
Luddington, Levi Savage and B. F. Dewey, concluded to .-ail 
to Calcutta on the same ship as those of the Hindoostan 
mission, and from there, make their way to Siam. 

We engaged our passage, for two hundred dollars each, on 
the American ship Monsoon, Zenos Windsor master. We 
embarked on the 28th day of January. The ve-sel hauled 
out from the California wharf, and anchored for the night in 
the bay. The next day she got under way and glided on her 
course down the bay, passing safely through the Golden Gate, 
shortly after which the pilot left us, the ship keeping on her 
course and fast leaving the American shores behind. 

After four days Elders Ballantyne and Savage were taken 
down with the small pox, which di-ease they contracted while 
in San Francisco, where it was prevalent while wo sojourned 
there. The brethren were placed in a vacant state room, and 
Elder Skelton was appointed to lie their nurse; and through 
the faith anil prayer, iif their brethren, and the Mossing of 
God, they soon recovered, an 1 that, too, without the contagion 
spreading, or afflicting any other per-on on board. Ship- 
board is a close place to have the small pox. 

Twelve days sail brought us to the Sandwich Llands; and 
on the 1st day of March, we passed the Lad rone Islands. 
On the .'veiling of the 8th we were Hearing the B.i- bee group, 
a small cluster of islands that lie between the Philippine 
group and the Island of Formosa, at the entrance of the 
China Sea. The ship was hove to during the most of the 
night so as to have daylight to sail through the channel, as 
the captain bad no desire to be among these islands in the 
night. The Bashee form a link in the great Indian Archi- 
pelago, extending from Formosa, lying on the south-east of 
China, to Sumatra, and also to the Andaman Islands in the 
Bay of Bengal. We sailed over the Macclesfield Bank, 
which is situated in the China sea, and is seventy miles in 
length, on which the water is very shallow. On the loth we 
lay becalmed in sight of the sea coast of Cochin-China. 
Two days afterward heavy squalls set in, accompanied by rain. 
The night following, during a squall, the captain called us on 
deck to behold the mariner's light, or St. Elmo's fire. It had 
the appearance of large balls of light, which kept flitting 
about the tops of the ships masts. This phenomenon gener- 
ally i incurs in stormy weather when the air is charged with 
electricity. 





J" TT "V IE ItST I L IE HTSTRUOTOR. 




While in the China Sea, a school of porpoises, or 
sea hogs, kept playing about the ship's bow. The captain, 
being an old Bedford whaler, went into the ship's martingale 
stays, with harpoon in hand, and by watching his opportunity, 
buried it in the body of one of these fish. The sailors had ii 
on deck in a "jiffy," by means of a rope attached to the 
harpoon, and fastened to a tackle suspended to the fore-yard- 
starboard arm. They cut out a portion of the meat, and the 
balance of the carcass was thrown overboard. The cook made 
a very savory dish of the sea hog. which served as a change 
of diet for passengers and crew. 

After passing through the China Sea, we entered the Strait 
of Malacca, and came iu full view of Singapore; which is a 
settlement belonging to Great Britain, built on a small island 
lying at the southern extremity of the Malay Peninsula. The 
Strait of Malacca extends 600 miles, from the mouth of the 
China Sea, to the Bay of Bengal. As we passed, we could 
see the Malay Peninsula on one side, and the island of Sumatra 
on the other. In the Bay of Bengal, (which is in the northern 
part of the Indian ( tcean) the north-east monsoons (a period- 
ical wind) prevail from November till March, or while the 
sun is south of the equator, and the soutb-jast monsoons 
blow steadily from the end of April till the beginning of 
October, or while the sun is north of the equator; hence you 
perceive that the monsoons are broken up, as the sun 
approaches and crosses the equator. When the sun crosses 
the line the winds are variable, and thunder storms, gales, 
hurricanes and calms are frequent; also the formation of water- 
spouts, which are dangerous to ships that occasionally come in 
contact with them. 

We were four weeks in the Bay of Bengal just at the time 
described, and experienced the vaiiation referred to. While 
iu Lat. 8° 32' N. Long. 96 c 32' E., a waterspout formed 
within three miles of our ship. While forming and breaking 
up, it must have been in the midst of a tornado or whirlwind, 
for the sea was greatly agitated around its base. A dark 
vapory cloud hung over the sea. while an immense column of 
water heaped up, extending to the cloud. When it broke we 
could see the water roll down the column, as over falls, until 
it finally disappeared. 

In the bay of Bengal, during the hot season, it is estimated 
that the water lowers one inch each day through evaporation. 
This greatly facilitates the labor of the salt maker, whose 
labors are confined to the deserts on the coast, but on the 
other hand it undermines his health. The northern extremity 
of the bay measures two hundred and fifty miles, and its 
southern measures twelve hundred. It receives the great 
river Ganges and Brahmaputra on the north, the Irrawaddy 
on the east, and on the west the Godavery, Mahanuddy, 
Cauvery and the Krishna. All the harbors suitable for ships 
are mostly to be found on the east coast of the bay. 

On the 24th day of April, we arrived at the Land-Heads 
where the pilot came on board accompanied by a native whom 
he used as his "leadsman." This man took his position in 
the forward chains of the ship, having a heavy lead with a 
strong cord or line attached to it, properly marked to ascertain 
the true depth of the water, which he sang out with a 
stentorian voice, so as to inform the pilot the correct depth 
of water under the vessel. 

(To he. Continued.) 




The road by precept is tedious, by example short ami 
flicacious. 



^utniion$ anil J^nsnrcrgi 

OIsT TIBZIE 

BOOK OIF MOHMON. 



LESSON CX1X. 

Q.— During the ten years of peace, how did Mormon employ 
the people ol Nephi? 

A.— In preparing for a time of battle, as they did not appear 
to think the3 r were to have a long period of rest. 

Q. — What was Mormon eommandod by the Lord to do? 

A. — To preach to the people concerning the necessity of repen- 
tance and baptism. 

Q. — What promise was he authorized to make if the people 
would obey the commandments of the Lord? 

A. — That they should be spared from the Lamanites. 

Q. — What success did he have in his preaching? 

A.— The people hardened their hearts against God ami would 
not repent. 

Q. — What occurred in the year 360? 

A.— Tiie Lamanites sent word to Mormon that they were again 
Cuming to battle. 

Q. — What stops did Mormon take to protect his people and 
their lands? 

A. — He caused hi- armies to go to the land Desolation, and 
there make a stand 

Q. — When the Lamanites appeared, what success did they 
have? 

A. — The Xephites were victorious and the Lamanites were 
compelled to retire to their own country. 

Q.— When did they make another attempt to gain possession 
of the country of the Nephite-? 

A. — In the year 362; but they were again repulsed. 

Q. — After these two successes how did the Nephite.. act? 

A. — Instead of being grateful to God for their deliverance, 
they began to boast of their own strength, and they swore that 
they would cut ofl' their enemies from the face of the land. 

OIST THE BIBLE. 



Q. — When Abigail met David what did she do? 

A.— She entreated him not to avenge himself, and assured him 
of his becoming ruler in Israel. 

Q.— What else did she ask? 

A.— That David would remember ber when he realized his 
position. 
" Q. — What was David's reply 9 

A — He blessed her, and said "go up in peace to thine house." 

Q. — Wha* was Nabal doing when Abigail returned? 

A —"He held a feast in his house, like tbe feast of a king." 

Q.— What was his condition during the feast? 

A.— His heart was merry within him, for he was very 
drunken. 

Q. — When did Abigail tell her husband of her interview with 
David? 

A. — Not until the morning light, when he was sober. 

Q —What effect did it have upon Nabal? 

A. — His heart died within him, and he became as .>tom'. 

Q. — What came to r>ass in ten days after this'' 

A. — The Lord Smote Nabal that he died. 

Q.— What did David say when he heard of tin- death of 
Nabal? 

A.— "Blessed be the Lord, that hath pleaded the cause of my 
reproach from the hand of Nabal, and hath kept his servant from 
evil: for the Lord hath returned the wickedness of Nabal upon 
bin own head." 

Q.— What did David do? 

A. — He sent his servants to commune with Abigail. 

Q.— What was the object of this visit 9 

A.— To ask Abigail tobecome the wife of David, their mast 





18 



J" TT ^T IE 2sT I !_. IE IITSTRTJOTOB. 




ffiuj jjuvtnih Mnstrttdotj* 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. ~ 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1877 
:E:DI170:RJLA_1L. THIOTJCa-IiTS. 





HE Romans, at the birth of our Savior, 
and during the lives of His apostles, were 
considered the most enlightened people 
then upon the earth. Even now they are 
thus regarded by historians and the 
learned men of all nations. Their exam- 
ples, their mode of conducting war, their 
method of government, their laws, are all 
more or less admired and copied by the 
foremost nations of the earth. Their orators 
and poets are admired and quoted and studied 
as furnishing the best morals for the young to 
imitate; and their writings are liberally quoted 
from to support theories and enforce arguments, 
it being thought sufficient to say that the Romans 
^ thought thus, the Romans did this or entertained 
these views, to satisfy every person that the point to 
be sustained is right. Yet the Romans were among 
the most cruel persecutors of the primitive church. Peter 
and Paul, as well as very many others, were barbarously 
murdered by the Romans for their religion. A nation may 
be very intelligent, great and learned, and yet be very ignorant 
about God and His laws and His gospel. The stories that 
are told about the Latter-day Saints and that have been 
circulated through Christendom to excite haired against us, 
are of a simil'ur character to those that were told about the 
early Christians. The most abominable lies wore told about 
the Savior, our Lord Jesus, as well as His disciples. The 
Romans believed a story that the Jews had put iu circulation 
concerning the Savior to account for His miracles. They said 
that Jesus, on account of Eis poverty was obliged in Egypt 
to let himself on- for wages, and theie learned the arts by 
which lb' performed His miracles, and contrived to attain 
such notice a- to lie worshiped as a divine being. This is as 
bail as any st>uy that has been told about the Prophet Joseph. 
Many people who, while the Prophet Joseph was living, 
ridiculed tie- ilea of his having any power to perform miracles 
or to be a prophet, now say that he was a great medium. 
They are quite willing to give anything the credit except the 
L inl and His priesthood. 

The Romans tho.ught they had good cause for treating the 
early Christians as they did. just as the mobs who have driven 

lie- 9 lints fr their homes, contrive to find excuses fir their 

eon luct bv relating what bad pe 'pie the |. itter day Saints were, 
and how unworthy they were to live among civlized beings. 
The early Christians were accused of abandoning themselves 
in their secret meeting- to unnatural lust, of killing and devour- 
ing children, and other frightful crimes. The people looked 
upon them as atheists, and they would not call their worship 
a religion. Tiny accused them of being enemies of tin- gods, 
and of having no religion at all. It was very frequently the 
case that when calamity of any kin 1 came UDon the people 
they accused the Christians of being the cause of it. They 
said that the _""!- were angry because of the Christians' con- 
duct. So if (here was a drouth, or a flood, or an earthquake, 



a famine or a pestilence, the popular rage was turned against 
the Christians — they were the causes of these evils. In our 
day men are ready to attribute the disasters that have 
befallen the Republic to the fact that the Latter-day Sainta 
are allowed to live and exercise their freedom of worship in 
the nation. Some of the Romans, who in their own day were 
regarded as great philosophers and historians, and who are 
held to be such even now, were enemies of Christianity. The 
younger Pliny, who is looked upon as a very superior man, 
tortured Christians for the purpose of extorting from them 
evidence against their brethren and sisters. He saw in that 
religion a system opposed to the laws of the Empire, and he 
required from the Christians unconditional obedience to those 
laws. His arguments remind us of many that are u-ed in these 
days to the Latter-day Saints. He said, with the character of 
the religion he had nothing to do; (how commonly this phrase 
is used about our religion !) but he must enforce obediencs to 
the imperial laws; whatever the religion might be, defianee of 
the laws must be severely punished; and he did not hesitate to 
condemn to death those who, as he said, defied those laws. 
This philosopher, doubtless, found it as difficult to understand 
the obstinacy of the early Christians in maintaining their 
religiou as philosophers and statesmen in these days have in 
regard to the "Mormons" and their faith. He could not see 
why a man should not submit in all things to the Roman laws 
— invoke the gods, offer incense, and pour out libations before 
the image of the emperor — without hurting his conscience; 
and he thought in his treatment of this people that by degrees 
they might easily be suppressed if severity were suitably 
blended with mildness, and if the obstinate were punished to 
terrify the others; while such as were disposed to retract were 
not driven to desperation by the refusal of pardon. He looked 
upon it as a fanatical delusion that time would soon cure. The 
emperor Trajan agreed with Pliny in his views respecting 
Christianity. He thought if too much notice were not to be 
taken of the Christians, and if open offences were neither 
suffered to go unpunished nor prosecuted with rigor, the hot 
enthusiasm would easily cool to indifference andlhecause grad- 
ually expire of its own accord. How much this sounds like 
some of the views that are expressed concerning the Latter-day 
Saints and their religion ! All the emperors, however, 'lid not 
entertain these mild views. At Rome, some of the Saint - were 
crucified; others sewn up in the skins of wild beasts and exposed 
to be torn in pieces by dogs; others, again, had their garments 
smeared over with some combustible material, and were then 
set on tire to illuminate the public gardens at night. 



OCR friends in some of the settlements of the Territory arc 
rather tardy about renewing their individual subscriptions 
and forwarding the names of new subscribers they have 
obtained; yet we feel assured that many of them will be disap- 
pointed and chagrined if we can not furnish them the num- 
bers from the commencement of the volume when their 
orders reach us. In view of these facts we have begun the 
volume by printing some extra copies over the present demand, 
to supply those who may yet apply — whether sufficient, or not, 
we arc unable to say; but 'first come, first served." Those 
who wish to have their volumes bound will necessarily want to 
commence with No. 1. Persons wishing their subscriptions to 
commence with the volume will oblige us by forwarding their 
orders as soon as possible. By delaying doing so they may 
possibly miss the chance of getting the back numbers. 

We trust that those who so kindly aided us last year in the 
work of canvassing will not slacken in their endeavors now. 





crxj'VE]i>rix J E iitsteuctob, 



19 




CHRIST WEEPING 0"V"E:R, 
JERUSALEM. 



The scene which we present to our readers in this engraving 
is found described in the 19th chapter of Luke. 
''And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over 
it, saying, if thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, 
the things which belong unto thy peacel but now they are hid 
from thine eyes. For the days shall come upon thee, that thine 
enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round, 
and keep thee in on every side, and shall lay thee even with the 
ground, and thy children within thee, and they shall not leave in 
thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time 
of thy visitation." 

There were many reasons why the Savior should have pecu- 



sand years before the Savior. It was probably in that vicin- 
ity that Abraham gave him tithes, and he blessed Abraham, 
as we find recorded in the Book of Genesis. Josephus, the 
Jewish historian, says that Mount Moriah, which Abraham 
rjached the third day from Beer-sheba when he went to offer 
up Isaac, is the mountain on which Solomon afterwards built 
the temple. The name of the city first occurs in the Book of 
Joshua, 10th chapter, 1st verse, where the King ot Jerusalem 
is mentioned as fighting against Joshua. The whole place 
was first entirely conquered by David, who fixed his abode on 
the mountain and called it the "city of David." He strength- 
ened its fortifications and carried there the ark of the coven- 
ant. He built an altar there on the threshing floor of Arau- 
nah, the Jebusite, on the plaise where the angel stood and 
threatened Jerusalem with pestilence. (II Samuel, 15-25 





liar feelings about Jerusalem. It was the capital of Hisnatior. 
Here the temple of the Lord had been erected, and it was a 
place which tradition and prophecy hud rendered sacred to the 
heart of every Jew. He knew the late that awaited it audits 
inhabitants becau»e of their rejection of Him and His gospel; 
and, in the woids which We have quoted, He predicted what, 
that fate would be. All this He knew could be averted if they 
would only listen to the message which He had lor them, ami 
receive Him as their Prophet and King and be governed by 
His counsels. But instead of receiving Him He knew that they 
would take His life, and destroy their Savior and their best friend. 
Hence His feelings overcame Him and He wept over Jerusalem. 

it is usually supposed that Jerusalem is the Salem of which 
Melchizedek was king. The Jews appear to have had that 

linion themselves. Melchizedek lived upwards of two thou- 



verses, 24 chap.) But David was not permitted to build a 
house there on account of the wars which were about him on 
every side. He was a man of blood. The promise was given 
unto him, however, that his sou should build a temple that 
would be acceptable unto the Lord. David fixed upon Jeru- 
salem as the metropolis of his kingdom. It was a very strong 
situation and very suitable in the opinion oi David for the 
s'te of the capital of the kingdom. The law required all the 
adult males of Israel to repair there three times in a year, as it 
was the place of the divine presence. Under Solomon it was 
greatly improved and became a very beautitul city, fulfilling 
the words which Moses spoke: "The place which the Lord 
your (!od shall choose out of all your tribes to put bis name 
there, eveti unto his habitation shall ye seek, thither thou 
shah come." (Dent. [2th chap, 5th ver.-e). 





SO 



J TJ "V E 1ST I 3L, IE I1TSTBUCTOR, 



: ^f 

^ 



Jerusa'e n w is sevaral times captured. In the year A. P. 
TO, it was taken by the Romans, who destroyed the temple 
and the greater part of the city. Its inhabitants were scattered 
among the surrounding nations; but the Lord has promised 
that the Jews shall be gathered again to Jerusalem. Isaiah, 
Zschariah, Ezekiel and others of the prophets have predicted 
the restoration of Jerusalem, the gathering of the Jews to that 
city, and the glory that shall rest upon it. Zechariah say-: 
"Thus saith the Lord; I am returned unto Zion, ami will dwell 
in the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city 
of truth; and the mountain of the Lord of hosts the holy mount- 
ain. Thus saith the Lord of host*: There shall yet old men and 
old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every man 
with his start' in li is hand for very age. And the streets of the 
city shall be full of hoys and girls playing in the streets li 
Thus saith the Lord of host-; If it he marvelous in the e, - of 
the remnant of this people in these days*, should it also be mar- 
velous in mine eyes'' saith the Lord of hosts. Thus -.iith the 
*' hosts; Behold, I will save my people from the east coun- 
try, and from the west C luntry; and I will hring them, and they 
shall dwell in the midst ■■( Jerusalem: and they shali be m 
pie, and I will be their God, in truth and in righteousi 

Events are now taking place in the eastern world of a char- 
acter that will be likely to proline., a great revolution in affairs 
there. Every Latter-lay Saint must watch with great interest 
everything tint take- place connected with Jerusalem, because 
the Lord has said that Jerusalem -hall be rebuilt and His 
ancient covenant | pie shall gather there again. 



"jCcavrs jlfrtmt a if 03 ifjrott. 



liV G. M. O. 



THE CHEAT EARTHQUAKE or 1835 




{Continued.) 
"I" arrived in this bay on the loth of February, 1835, a fore- 
1 mast han 1 on board the old whale ship Active. We were 
only -ix months from hone-, during which time we had not 
belied the name ofourvessel; forwe had been actively engaged 
taking oil during the la-t half of our cruise, and when we ran 
into i-rt boasted truthfully of having five hundred barrels on 
bond. Oarcaptain, Bushed with success, was all activity, 
and lo3t no time recruiting for a i I I .■:■: './leviathan 

our luck changed. Hut 'man proposes and God dis- 
poses,' is an old. and truthful ,■ we were about to 

witness one of those tern strial ph , ,,- to the 

country, which are i,. .) by the residents, but 

which are more startling and thrilling than anything else to 
the strangers from re northern and moi /one-. 

- of South America ha ■ : by which they 

'■ these phen na nd terrenwtos. The 

former are only partial agita the surface of the 

earth, confined to yery lit ,„. never 

'• Jam i. -! consist of violent 

upliftings or horizontal oscillations extending many bun. bed 

trith a destruction of m; ;l „,l property proportionate to 
the area of the disrupting 

No danger so affrights the mind a- that of the imperiling 

earthquake. Nothing can w< ncieve in thought so terrifying 

the firm land .-baking and crumbling beneath us No 



familiarity removes the awful feeling. Various traits in the 
action of the earthquake tend to give it this alarming char- 
acter. One is its rapidity, the shock seldom lasting more 
than a few seconds, sometimes a minute. Its effect is almost 
instantaneous, In a moment great cities are leveled to the 
earth, rivers swallowed up and valleys occupy the sites of 
hills; great yawning gaps open in the solid earth, flames burst 
forth, and a fearful horror settles upon all living things, as 
though the end of life was drawing near. 

Nor does the earthquake give us notice or warning of its 
coming. Not the most experienced observer can foretell by 
signs on earth, or in the air or heavens when the dread 
visitation is at hand. A close connection seems to exist 
between the earthquake, the volcano and the sea; and when 
the earthquake comes in its most destructive mood, it seems 
to strike the solid ground a heavy blow from beneath. 
Nothing can resist the concussion. The very earth seems to 
rise into the air. Again it comes in an undulatory form, 
with a gentle oscillation at first, then wave after wave follows, 
stronger and more violent than the last, until the very evrth 
seems to roll and heave in the waves. Again we have the 
peculiar motion in earthquakes called the 'circular,' twisting 
and whirling buildings around and reversing them in a 
moment. Noise does not precede nor always accompany the 
earthquake shock; at times it comes in all its vigor without a 
premonitory sound; yet with them all is a certain similar 
sound like the roar of countless cannon reverberating among 
the hills. Two attendant furies usually accompany the earth- 
quake, the hurricane and the tidal wave. How they are 
connected 1 can scarcely explain, the tidal wave seems to be 
produced by a disturbance of the ocean's bottom; in fact, in 
almost every earthquake the sea has been disturbed as well as 
the land, and it is quite probable the sudden upheaval of the 
ocean's bed causes the dreadful and destructive phenomenon, 
the tidal wave, (.'lose upon the tidal wave, or in company 
with it, conies the hurricane sweeping over land and sea, 
darting the tongues of electric fire fir and wide, adding 
horror to horror. 

"Our watch were busy ashore filling water ca-ks on the 
20th, and it was a cloudless morning. Nothiug seemed to 
disturb the serene quiet of nature, until about an hour or 
two before the first shock. Large flocks of sea birds were 
seen flying inland, which one of our weather-wise old Jack- 
pronounced as ominous, as in his belief they indicated an 
approaching storm. It was nearly twelve o'clock and we had 
just finished bunging up our last raft of casks, when I felt 
the first tremor. It came without noise and kept gradually 
increasing in violence for about half a minute, yet not so 
much as to cause general alarm. Then the rumble was heard, 
and at the end of that time the convulsive movement became 
so strong that the whole population fled to open places of 
safety. As we were some distance from any buildings our 
mate ordered us to remain where we were, but this was 
unnecessary: before a minute had elapsed the awful motion 
had so increased that we could scarcely stand, and in less 
than thirty seconds an overpowering shock threw us on the 
earth and caused a universal destruction of the buildings in 
the town. I shall never forget the dreadful sensation of that 
moment. A mass of rock estimated afterwards as weighing 
twenty-five thousand tons was hurled from the summit of 
Karakina into the bay; this, with the crash of falling 
buildings, the screams of the inhabitants and moans of the 
brute creatures, added to the rocking earth, struck me with 
the terror of death; in fact, we all partook of the same fesl 





J-TJ^TEIsriLE] IFSTRUOTOR 



21 





ing of fear, and in our fright fled with the inhabitants through 
the blinding and almost suffocating dust to the hills back of 
the town. To describe more it would be impossible. I only 
felt one sensation, the horror of death, and seemed insensible 
to everything else. And it was only some minutes after 
gaining the hill in rear of the town, that I could cellect myself 
sufficiently to survey the complete destruction that had 
transpired in the two short minutes. 

"Simultaneously with the first shock the water rose in the 
bay to high water mark; but the great sea waves did not come 
in for a long time after. I noticed that the water of the bay 
was quite black, and seemed to be boiling, in consequence of 
the bubbles of air or gas escaping in every direction, and 
destroying shoals of fish, the carcasses of which floated on the 
surface. There was also a sickening sulphurous smell and a 
leaden heaviness in the atmosphere, almost insupportable. 

"It was fully an hour after the town had been shaken clown 
— though the earth was still tremulous, and remained so for 
several hours, in fact, days afterwards — when the sea retired 
nearly a mile, leaving in the mud vessels that had anchored in 
from four to six fathoms of water. A few minutes afterwards 
the first great wave approached, in an unbroken wall of water 
thirty teet high, between the island of Karakina and the 
western shore of the bay. It broke over everything within 
the distance of tide level, dashing the ships along like boats. 
It bore one from the stocks, where it was nearly ready for 
launching, two hundred yards inland, aud carried twenty-four- 
pounder cannon several yards, leaving them overturned 
in the earth, and finally rushed back with such a torrent that 
everything movable and not buried under the ruins was carried 
out to sea. Ships were again left aground in the bay tor 
nearly another hour, when a second wave rolled in through the 
same channel, whirling the shipping and floating wrecks about 
each other, as did the first wave, and was only less destructive 
in its effects because there was less to destroy. Twenty min- 
utes later a third came inward, and this was crested and foam- 
ing like breakers lashed into fury by the storm. As it swept 
tumultiiously along the shore of the bay everything was irre- 
sistibly borne before it, and the roaring noise was terrific. 
The vessels were dragged from their moorings, dashed one 
aeainst another and shivered into countless atoms. Our 
vessel lay well out, and was the first to be engulfed and 
dashed to pieces, Quickly retiring, the sea was left covered 
with the wreck of ships, houses, furniture and goods of every 
character. While the waves were coming iti I saw two explo- 
sions, one a column of dark smoke, tower like, shoot up from 
the sea, joutside of the island; the other resembled a huge jet 
of aqueous vapor, thrown up in the bay near the site of the 
town. At the disappearance of the latter a whirlpool marked 
the spot as though a cavity had beeu opened, into which the 
sea was pouring. As if exhausted, no more great waves 
followed; though the sea rose and fell for some hours after- 
wards, and both the earth and water trembled during this 
time. Several days passed before the tide rose within five 
feet of the usual marks, indicating an elevation of the coast; 
in fact, the island of Santa Maria, forty miles south-west, and 
the shore of the neighboring bay of Araivw were similarly 
affected. The island was upheaved an average of nine feet, 
its north end having been raised two teet more than the south 
point while the mainland south-east of it was raised six feet 
above its previous hight, And here, let me say, the most 
vivid imagination, the um-t vigorous pen, the sharpest intellect 
cannot describe or paint the dismal scene "I an earthquake or 
the appalling horror of the tidal wave. 



A1TCIENT K,TJT3STS 
ARIZONA. 



insr 



BY J. Z. STEWART, MISSIONARY TO MEXICO. 



A PEW days since, while riding out among the ruins near 
this place (Tampe, Maricopa Co., Arizona) the thought 
that a little account of them and others of Arizona might 
interest the readers of the Instructor, induced me to measure 
the largest one and make some inquiry concerning others. 

The ground from the Big to the Little Colorado is strewn 
with pieces of pottery; and occasionally we found the ruins of 
villages and also land that has the appearance of having been 
cultivated. In one place the Little Colorado River runs 
through a narrow canyon several miles; the rocks on both sides 
are nearly perpendicular and several hundred feet high. In 
this canyon are fortifications to which there is no access. We 
saw other fortifications on the Verde, whi eh are similar. The 
ruins in this valley (Salt River I are very numerous, and some 
of them very large. The one I measured the other day is 
about 260 feet long and 120 wide, and the mass is now about 
feet high. It is surrounded by a wall 350 feet long and 225 
feet wide. The building and wall were principally of stone. 
The building stands north and south, and there is an open 
space in the outer wail at the south end. where there has 
undoubtedly been a gate or entrance. To the north, east and 
west of this building there seems to have been quite a large 
town covering about, one hundtei ac:e?. The ft e f the conn 
try is covered with brush so that the streets are not < ri -i 1 >• -e >n. 
The small ruins are quite numerous in the vicinity. There 
are also two very large canals on the south and west sides 
of these rains. 

I find in a pamphlet published by his excellency, Gov. 
Safford, an account of the ruins of Arizona, which is interes- 
ting, and I take pleasure in copying it. 

"Many portions of the Territory are covered with ruins, 
which prove conclusively it was once densely populated by a 
people far ia advance, in point of civilization, of most of tin' 
Indian tribes. There is no written record of them, and it is 
only a matter of conjecture who and what they were. Occa- 
sionally a deserted house is found suffi iently well preserved 
to ascertain the character of the architecture. 

"The walls of the Casa Grande, situated on the Gila, near 
Sanford, are still two stories above the ground. In size the 
structure is about 30x60 feet; the walls are thick and made of 
mud, whieh was evidently confined and dried as it was built. 
It is divided into many small room-, and the partitions are 
also made of mud. The floors were made by placing sticks 
close together and covering them w ; i h cement: Around and 
near the Casa Grande, are the ruins of many other buildings, 
but by the lapse of time the decay of vegetation has formed 
earth and nearly covered them, and all that now marks the 
place where once a state'y mansion stood, is the elevation of 
the ground. Near the Ancha mountains are ruin«, not so 
extensive, but in far better preservation than the Casa Grande, 
and near these ruins are old arastras, for the reduction of 
silver ore;, whieh indicate 'hit this old people were not 
unmindful of the root of all evil. On the Verde river are 
immense rooms dug in fronrthe sides of high, perpendicular 
sandstone banks, thai can onlj be reached with ladders. 

"Very little information is obtained by excavating these 
reins. Pottery of an excellent quality, and ornamented with 
paint, is found everywhere, and occasionally a stone ax is 
unearthed, hut nothing to indicate that they wen' a warlik 





TTT'VIEIDTIHilE INSTBTJCTOR. 





people; on the contrary, scarcely an implement of defense can 
be found, though there are reasons to believe from the 
numerous lookouts, or places for observation, to be seen on 
the tops of hills and mountains, and the construction of their 
houses, that they bad enemies, and that they were constantly 
on the alert to avoid surprise; and also, that by the hands of 
these enemies they perished. It i> not improbable that the 
Apaches were the enemies who caused their destruction. 
Indeed, the Apaches have a legend that such is the case. 

"During the past year I opened an old ruin at Pueblo Yiejo, 
on the upper Gila, and found the bones of several human 
beings within; also the bones of a number of domestic animals. 
On the fire, an r.lla (srockery-ware vessel) was found with ihe 
bones ot a fowl in it, and it appeared as though the people 
^it'iin had resisted an attack fronifan enemy, and had finally 
been murdered. Shortly after, I visited a ruin in Chino 
Valley, twenty miles north of Prescott, and over three hundred 
miles from Pueblo Viejo, and there found that Mr. Banghart 
bad opened a ruin on bis farm. In it be found the bones of 
several human beings, five adults and some children, and the 
evidences were unmistakable that the inmates bad died by 
violence, as the door and window had been walled up with 
stone, evidently to resist a hostile foe. The subject is an 
interesting one, and it is to be hoped that further excava- 
tions may throw more light upon it. The ruins of towns, 
farms and irrigating canals that are to be seen on every band 
over thi.- vast Territory, give abundant proof that this country 
was once densely inhabited, and that the people who lived 
here maintained themselves by cultivating the soil. Probably 
that is about all we shall ever know of them. Many hiero- 
glyi hies are to be seen on rocks in different portions of the 
Territory, but by whom male, or what they mean, no one 
knows. 

"Jn excavating a well between Tueson and the Gila, at the 
depth of one hundred ami fifty feet, pottery and other articles, 
the same as are found in the vicinity of ruins, were taken out. " 

We find in conversing with the peop e here that they arc 
almost universally willing to concede that this country has 
been inhabited by a highly civilized people, of whom nothing 
is now known except what is gleaned from these ruins; but 
they arc not willing to accept the Book of Mormon as the 
history of that people. However, a great many are anxious 
to read it. 

At Casas Grandes (big houses) there is <|uite a large town, 
and many of the houses are still two stories high. The walls 
arc nicely plastered, and the whole, visible part of the town 
-how- evidences of a superior civilization to that of the 

Mexican towns in the vicinity. 

I saw several places where the Mexicans had dug the debris 
out of these old house9 and put on new covers and arc now 
living in them, and these bouses are much more neatly 
plastered and fixed up on the inside than their new houses, 
built by themselves, 

When I have endeavored to show people how these ruins 
tend to prove tie truth of tie- origin of the Book of MormoD, 
they generally say, "Well, it is curious; I tun sure I do not 
understand it." 

1 wiil endeavor to write again as soon as I can spare time. 
We have plenty of opportunities to preach to .Mexicans anil 

American-, and ■ ■■ hope to be able to do some good. 

I see many things which I think would be interesting to 
the readers of the INSTRUCTOR, but 1 am truly so much 
hurried that I cannot find time to write a- I would wish, 1 u' 
I will do the best I can. 



^ Ijrijj to <|nti $inii$v&t$. 



CHAPTER XXV. 



BY HUGH KNOT7QH. 



A scarcity of fresh water, whether in the form of rivers Or 
lakes, is one of the prevailing characteristics of Australia- 
Along a coa^t line of not less than 8,000 miles few rivers of 
any considerable magnitude discharge themselves into the sea, 
most of them being absorbed before they reach it; while on 
the south coast, for a distance of 1,500 miles, not a single 
water course is to be found. This want of water has been the 
main cause of deterring travelers from penetrating the interior 
for purposes of exploration. Lakes are not scarce, but then 
they are nearly all stilt, as are also many of the rivers and 
springs. Long droughts, which dry up the channels of streams 
rnd arrest the growth ot vegetation, followed by sudden and 
-.violent rains, which cause the streams to overflow, and 
inundate the surrounding country, are calamities to which 
th.3 agriculturists of Australia are much exposed. The 
fl ods. in particular, are extremely formidable and destructive, 
ru-hincr down with an impetuosity which nothing can resist, 
and carrying off at one sweep the entire produce of the 
harvest. A still more remarkable characteristic of the rivers 
of Australia, somewhat resenihling our Great Salt Lake, in 
Utah, is the circumstance of many of them terminating in 
marshes situated in the interior of the country, thus reversing 
the order observed in most other lands, by flowing inland 
in-tead of towards the sea. 

The principal known rivers are the Hunter, Hawkesbury, 
Richmond, Murrumbidge, Murray, Lachlan, Macquarrie, 
Victoria, Albert, and the Darling. 

The lakes hardly deserve the name, the larger of them 
being, in general, rather marshes than lakes, depending for 
their supplies of water on the rivers that flow into them, 
instead of being themselves the sources of rivers; the conse- 
quence is that they are often so dried up by absorption and 
exhalation as to present the appearance of vast reedy swamps, 
and even when filled with water more resemble submerged 
plains than lakes, with low mu Idy shores, so soft and of such 
extent as to render the water unapproachable. Small lakes 
are numerous; but, unfortunately, they are all salt. 

The climate of Australia, that is, where the white man has 
formed colonies, is healthy with but few exceptions; although 
the climate of any part of Australia is not so healthful and 
invigorating as that of New Zealand. As might be expected, 
the temperature of this vast continent is various, being 
affected both by its geographical position and local circum- 
stances. 

The vegetation of this country is the most curious and 
remarkable in the world. The verdure being perpetual, the 
forests never exhibit either the varied tints of autumn nor 
the soft freshness of spring, but wear continually a dull, 
monotonous hue of olive green. The flowers, too, are gen- 
erally without perfume, although there are several odoriferous 
plants that scent the air to a great distance; but to make up 
for this loss they are most beautifully formed, though short- 
lived. Of course, in speaking thus, we refer to those indigen- 
ous to the country, for trees, plants and flowers from all parts 
of the world have been most successfully acclimatized to 




CTTTVIEIIsrilLjIE IITSTRUCTOR. 



S3 




Australia, that is, its southern and south-eastern parts. The 
forests are often found differing from each other in their gen- 
eral features and characteristics, and in the prevailing descrip- 
tion of trees of which they are composed; some of them 
exhibiting an agreeable variety of scenery, but most of them 
having a gloomy and melancholy appearance, and being diffi- 
cult to penetrate, owing to the quantity of scrubby underwood 
with which they are choked up. Many of these immense 
forests, take their name from the predominating trees, such as 
"Stringy Bark Forest," "Blue Gum Forest," etc. In these 
forests a great variety — over one hundred — of acacias are to 
be found, all of them possessing a family resemblance which 
distinguishes them from the acacias of the old and new world. 
From these trees a valuable gum is obtained which much 
resembles gum Arabic. The proteas and banksias are peculiar 
to this country and the Encalytus, Casuarina and Norfolk 
Island pine are remarkable for their beauty, and afford valu_ 
able timber. 

(To he Continued.) 



MAHOMET'S OAXjX-j 

fti .a.:r,:k: ;r,. 



to 




MAHOMET, whom the Arabians honor as a prophet, was iu 
doubt as to the best method of summoning the believers 
in his doctrine to prayer and to worship. Some thought that 
the Jewish trumpet would be the best means of calliug the 
people together. Others advocated the Christian bell; but 
neither was grateful to Mahomet's ear. He had some thoughts 
of adopting the gong, but neither did this please him. Tradi- 
tion says that the matter was under discussion when one of 
Mahomet's followers dreamed that he met a man clad in green 
raiment carrying a bell. This follower, Abdallah by name, 
sought to buy it, saying that it would do well for bringing 
together the assembly of the faithful. 

"I will show thee," replied the stranger, "a better way than 
that; let a crier call aloud, 'Great is the Lord! Great is the 
Lord! I bear witness that there is no God but the Lord: 1 
bear witness that Mahomet is the prophet of God. Come unto 
prayer: come unto happiness. God is great: God is great! 
There is no God but the Lord ! ' " 

Awaking from sleep, Abdallah proceeded to Mahomet and 
told him his dream. The prophet accepted it as a vision from 
on high, and forthwith commanded his negro servant to carry 
out the divine behest. Ascending to the top of a lofty house 
while it was yet dark, this negro servant, who was noted for 
his powerful voice, watched for the break of day. On thetirst 
glimmer of light, with his far-sounding voice he startled all 
around from their slumbers, adding to the call, "Prayer is 
better than sleep! Prayer is better than sleep !" Every day 
at the five appointed times the well known cry summoned the 
people to their devotioDs, and the successors of this servant of 
Mahomet's, from the minarets of the Mahometan mosques 
throughout the world to this day follow his example. 

In the days of Mahomet the Koran was committed to memory, 
more or less, by every one of his adherents, and the extent to 
which it could be recited was one of the chief distinctions of 
nobility in those early days. The Koran is a book of revelatiou 
which Mahomet professed to have received from heaven. Thus 
among the heap of warrior martyrs he who had been the most 
conversant in tne Koran was honored with the first burial. 
The person who in any company could most faithfully repeat 
the Koran was of right entitled to conduct the public prayers (a 



post closely connected to that of government) and to pecuniary 
rewards. Thus, after the usual distributions of the spoils taken 
on the field of battle shortly after Mahomet's death, the residue 
was divided among those who knew the most of the Koran. 

So carefully has the Koran been preserved that there are no 
variations of importance amongst the innumerable copies of it 
which are scattred through the vasi, bounds of the Mahometan 
dominions. Contending and embittered factions, many of 
which took their rise a quarter of a century from the death of 
Mahomet, have ever since rent the Mahometan world. Yet 
but one Koran has always been current among them, and they 
all use at the present day the same version. There is, probably, 
in the world no other work which has remained twelve centuries 
with so [Hire a text. The cause of this, probably, is that an 
awful reverence for what they considered the word of God was 
deeply rooted iu the hearts of the people. The Koran itself 
contains frequent denunciations against those who should pre- 
sume to "fabricate anything in the name of the Lord" as well 
as conceal any part of that which he had revealed. Such an 
action was represented as the worst description of crime. 

We often think that if the Latter-day Saints would follow 
the revelations which the Lord has given unto us in the Bible, 
Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants it would bo 
much better for us. Mahomet never claimed to have received 
the priesthood. He, doubtless, had some portion of the pro- 
phetic gift, being himself, probably, a descendant of the pro- 
phets; but notwithstanding the impure character of his revela- 
tions, the care which has been bestowed by his followers in 
studying the Koran has been a cause of great strength to 
Mahometanism, and it is mrely, if ever, we hear of Mahometans 
being converted to so-called Christianity. In fact, they 
believe firmly that their system produces far better fruits. 
If this is the case with a system like that of Mahomet's, how 
much greater would be the effect of the proper study by us of 
the revelations which the Lord has given us for our guidance! 
They are pure truth and are unmixed with false traditions, 
and we can rely upon them as being the genuine word of God. 
Of course this being the case, great profit can be derived from 
a knowledge of them. 



A Cduntky Without Women. — There is only one territory 
of any size, and has never been but one, occupied by any con- 
siderable population, from which women is absolutely excluded. 
Yet, such a place exists to-day, and has existed for centuries. 
As far back as history reaches, to all females it has been for- 
bidden ground. This bachelor's Arcadia is situated on a bold 
plateau between the old peninsular of Aote, in the Grecian 
Archipelago and the mainland. Here, iu the midst of culti- 
vated ti ;lds and extensive woodlands, dwells a monastic confeder- 
ation of Greek Christians, with twenty-three convents, and 
numbering more than seven thousand souls, and not one of the 
monasteries dates from a latter time than the twelfth century. 
A few soldiers gaurd the borbers of this anti-female land, and 
no woman is allowed to cross ihe frontier. Nor is this all; the 
rule is extended to every female creature, and from time 
immemorial no cow, mare, hen. duck, or goose has been per- 
mitted to make acquaintance with hill or valley of Mfc. Athos 
Territory. A traveler was startled by the abrupt quostion. 
"What sort of human creatures are women?" The v.iry idea 
of women, whether as mother, wife or sister, is almost lost. 
To all women haters, to bachelors of forty years' standing, to 
all men who seek refuge from the wiles and ways of the 
opposite sex, this region can be safely recommended as a 
haven of refuge. 




? 



& 



24 



J- IT AT IE I£T I 3L IE IFSTBUCTOR. 




CHRISTMAS C -A. 'IB O L . 



Words English. 



Music hy A. C. S. 







::=ft — x:= =|—4 



:=|— =£=i=?5: 



:z3"l=:=Rz=:x— =(— 4=q— q=q=:q— q=z:q^=p:=:=pr 
-^ r — » — p — » — » — ^ ^* — * — i — *• — * — r~~ — 



filH 



watched etc 



While shepherds 
;rk~szq=rqz=rfc— rzat ^*— 5= :=*£-::_J*z:| 

:S^—*:= t-* z=* r d=pr»-™rdr=;ffz=::?rT:t 



shepherds watch'd their flocks by night 
S?z».: 4i to— Sz=r£ _L L ~- j- j* — I*— I : 




::fc==d^£: 



^=x 



:=E5E*=fe=BE?EE=*EH 



=£={ 



— P~ h-p — m — m—V - m-. — 



— r — 3^=^ — 



And 



t:_rzzzr*: 



-h- 



seated on the ground. The angel 

i E=^EEFpE£E 

:=*-Zz£E3zrt==£- 




=h' 



=P.£fJ0 



Lord 



: 1— 1 V z 



-& n 



3&= 



down, And glory shone a - 



fi 



SIT 






=fc=q=£= 



j^3 - | — (z_ , ^-fe rr^ 



t. 



glo - ry shone 



-h- 



=4: 



round, ^ anj^ glorv shone a - round, and glory shone a 



fMrri 



round, 



and 

and glory shone a 



And 
round. 



$ 



qi 



=fc 



5fc 



:£:=:p: 



glo - ry 



shone 



round, 



=p: 
and 



^ 5« 

round, and 



glo ■ 



:p:p=: 



2d: 



3& 



ry 



shown 



round. 



:z|rfcz=:tz=S 

glo - ry shone 



eiii 



ff=P-P: 
- round, and glory 



r- 



^2Z 



shone a 



round. 



"Fsar not," said he. for mighty dread 
Had seized their troubled mind, 

"Glad tidings of great joy I bring 
To you and all mankind. 

"To you, in David's town, this day, 

1- born of David'.- line, 
The Savior, who is Christ, the Lord; 

And tli is shall tie the sign. 

"The hea i enly babe, you there shall Hud, 
To human 



All meanly wrapped in swathing bands, 
And in a manger laid," 

Thus spake the seraph, and, forthwith, 

Appear' d a shining throng 
Of angels praising God, and thus 

Address'd their joyful song: 

"All glory to God, on high, 

And to the earth be peace; 
Good will hencefor'h from heaven to man, 

Begin and never cease." 



It is not the best things, that is, the things which we call 
best, that make men; it is nol the pleasanl things; il is not 

the calm experien of life; it is life's rugged experience 

npeite, its trial>. Tin- discipline of life is here good and 
there evil, here trouble and ther»joy, here rudi i and there 
smoothness, the one working with the other; and the alterna- 
tions of the one and the other which necessitate adapta- 
tions, constitute a part of that education which makes a 
man a man, in distinction from an animal which has no 
education. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



I.k.t as rather seek to lie judges of ourselves than the execu- 
tioners of another. 



TEKMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^r-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




