i^ 



*wl^^. 




VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 18G9. 



NO. 12. 



T h: £3 



F :ei T 



IL, J^ J^ -B . 



^d 



IN this engraving, we see a little girl leading a pet lamb. 
Why it is called pet, is because it has been petted and 
caressed, and it has been taken from the flock of sheep which 
graze in the pasture, or on the hills and sides of the mountains, 
and lias beeas nursed and fed by the children, and is very tame. 

You see in 
the picture, 
the little girl 
has placed her 
arm affection- 
ately around 
the lamb's 
neck, and in 
her hands i-he 
i s playfully 
holding a 
wreath of 
flowers which 
she has gath- 
ered from 
among the 
weeds and 
grass, with 
whiob to dec- 
orate her dear 
Ettle lamb. 
The lamb ap- 
pears to be 
quite as well 
pleased with 
the little girl's 
attentions, as 
the little giri 
does in bestow- 
ing them. 

tjhcep are 
of such gentle 
natures, that 
they very sel- 
dom fail to ap- 
preciate kind- 
ness. In fact, 
all animals, 
except those 

of a wild, ferocious nature, feci, more or loss, the effect of 
human kindiicss.whcncvorit is extended to them. Dogs, cats, 
horses, cattle, i-hef]!, goats, etc., feel the influence of a kind 
and amiable spirit; and if thej' are treated harshly and cruelly, 




they either get discouraged and will not try to please, and grow 
dull and stupid; or they get crazy and hateful like their masters, 
and do all the mischief they can. 

It always makes my heart ache to see a dumb animal cruelly 
treated. I never can forget a little circumstance I witnessed a 

few years ago- 
I was travel- 
ing, and over- 
took some- 
thing in the 
shape of a man 
(I could not 
with propriety 
call him a 
man, for I felt 
sure that he 
was destitute 
of a heart) 
mauling "and 
beating a poor 
skeleton of a 
horse, that 
was little else 
than skin and 
bones, and 
trj'ingtomake 
it draw a load 
that was 
enough for two 
better fed 
horses to 
draw. The 
animal did ita 
utmost, but 
could not ac- 
complish the 
feat, although 
menaced with 
awful oaths 
and impreca- 
tions, as well 
as horrid lash- 
es. I very 
modestly told 

the heartless master, that something to eat would do the poor 
animal more good than beating. He gave we a look that plain- 
ly indicated that he held no parley with mercy. I lelt them, 
and remarked to my traveling companion, that the cruelly 



J 



U 



h^^^^- 



m 



90 



Cr TJ ^ E n^ I L E in^STI^TJOTOI^, 



abused horse would come up against that man in tlie day of 
judgment, for I well recollect hearing President Joseph Smith 
say, that before the curse was pronounced in the garden of 
Eden, the brute creation, i. e. ,the animals that are now speech- 
less, had the power of speech as well as men; he also said that 
after the curse shall have been removed, this precious gift will 
again be restored to them. I am thinking that many of them 
will have fearful tales to tell. 

But now I am writing about sheep, which are not only kind 
and gentle, but very useful animals. We would be at a loss to 
know how to live without them, especially in cold climates. 

All of our fine broadcloths, and very many of our dress-cloths 
are manufactured from the wool that grows on the sheep's back. 
It is cut oiF in the spring as soon as the weather is warm 
enough — it is cut with a pair ol large shears, made for the pur- 
pose. Some people shear their sheep twice in the year, but 
when they do so, they have to take more care of them, and 
keep them sheltered from the cold, or they will sicken and die. 
It would be verj' cruel to rob them of their fleeces, and then 
leave them unprotected. 

A great variety of beautiful articles for domestic use, is 
inade of wool. Some are made of wool and silk — some of 
wool and cotton — some of wool and linen, etc., but wool is, at 
present, a staple article with us. There arj several woollen 
factories in this Territory, which are dependent on the produc- 
tion of wool to keep them in operation. 

Not only for its wool, which is so very useful, but the sheep 
serves an important purpose as an article of diet. Its meat is 
called mutton. When any of my young readers shall be served 
to a slice of "mutton chop," they will remember that they are 
treated to the flesh of that useful and gentle animal, and, 
although not the "pet" lamb, it is one of its kind. 

It has been said by careful observers, that, in our disposi- 
tions we partake more or less of the nature of our food. For 
instance, if we live on pork, we partake of the naiure of swine 
— if on beef, the nature of beeves, etc. I do not know how 
much truth there may be in such statements, but we do know 
that anciently, God instructed His chosen people to abstain 
from eating swine's flesh. 

The lamb is Innocent and good; 

It yields us wool and wholesome food; 

And in its nature is so mild, 

'Tis petted by a little child. E. R. S. 



For the Juvenile Inistructor. 



%\tt!d%%%% ol €ommoit 35]^ittp* 



O 2^ Y G- E IsT 



[CONTINUED.] 



WE have seen the importance of Oxygen; diluted with nitro- 
gen it is air; combined with hydrogen it is water; and 
that it is also essential to all processes of combustion conducted 
in the open air. It is also necessary to decay; animal and veg- 
etable sub.itances are preserved when oxygen is excluded, we 
arc familiar with this, according to our experience. Oysters are 
preserved in this form, while the air is excluded, fluids are pre- 
served in corked bottles, etc. 

Now, decay is, in reality, a very slow process of bui-ning, we 
call it "oxidation," as chemists. In other words, somecompo- 
nent part, some element of which a substance is composed, has 



i^ 



united to oxygen. Suppose it is carbon. Then a new com- 
pound has been formed. It is carbon plus oxygen, or in its 
shortest expression C 2 0, for 2 atoms of oxygen unite to one 
atomWcarbon; if hydrogen is the element separated and en- 
tered into combination, water is formed, the expression for 
which we have seen is H O. 

All the time oxygen is our friend; for, although everywhere 
present, causing our vegetable matter, such as fruit, bread, 
sugar, etc., to decay; also animal matter, such as meat, fish, 
milk, cheese, etc., still we must remember that but for these 
changes no other new combinations would be possible. 2 
(carbonic acid) is the food of plants; H O (water) is necessary 
to assist in all the wonderful operations of the creations we 
live in! 

Another thing will be well to remember; all ofi'ensive odors 
are made inoffensive by the changes, whif;h are only possible by 
the presence of oxygen, which for this very purpose undergoes 
a change in its condition, forming "Ozone," which more rapidly 
oxidizes, or burns up organic matter. 

Oxygen unites in various proportions, however; as we have 
seen in C 2 0, when two of to one of C is the proportion to 
form carbonic acid; this is called the combining proportion, or 
"equivalent," for, all combinations are in certain definite or 
exactly defined proportions. 

Now, we remember that soda is a certain metal combined 
with oxygen; this was alluded to in the article on soap. The 
common soda has also carbonic acid in union, which we saw 
could be removed by caustic lime. Soda (the protoxide) is in 
fact sodium, (a metal) plus oxygen (one atom of sodium to one 
atom of oxygen), suppose to this we add hydro-chloric ormuriatic 
acid, an immediate decomposition commences, and the fol- 
lowing change takes place: the hydrogen leaves the chlorine 
and enters into union with the oxygen of the soda. The hydro- 
chloric acid is comjiosed of one atom of chlorine to one atom 
of hydrogen. Can you not guess what this new combination 
forms? Certainly you can — it is H (water;) the chlorine 
unites to the metal sodium uistead of oxygen and forms table 
salt (chloride of sodium. ) Beth, 

( To he Continued) 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 



n%u mmu. 



CHAPTER XII. 



LITTLE WILI-IE GROWN TO MANHOOD. 



MORNING dawned. The birds, in gladness, chanted their 
welcome to the sun's return. Willie and his companion 
rose from their bed of hay feeling much refreshed. They then 
went to Thirsk, a town of considerable size, preached to the 
people in the evening, and made another appointment for one 
week from that date. The congregation treated them respect- 
fully, and a gentleman of the Methodist persuasion conducted 
them to a house of entertainment, and engaged and paid for 
their lodging for the night. 

Next morning Elder B — asked Willie whether he would be 
agreeable for him to visit his friends, who resided at Stockton- 
on-Tees, and proposed to meet Willie at Thirsk at the time of 
their next appointment Willie was agreeable, and the matter 
was settled accordingly. 

After breakfast they parted, Elder B— went on his pleasure 



t? 




g-TJ^EISriLE IlTSTI^TJOTOIE^. 



©1 



-^ 



excursion, and Willie, to the duties of his calliilg.' During the 
week, Willie traveled on foot over a hundred miles, rettirn-.'d to 
Thirsk and met his friend at the time appointed, where they 
held meeting. The gentleman who, the week before, had paid 
their bill of entertainnnmt, renewed his great kindness, for 
which they were extremely thankful. 

Next day they went to Baldersby, a small village, where they 
visited several families, and were very kindly treated. 

An aged gentleman, a tanner by trade, invited them into his 
house for the purpose of conversing with them about the 
principles they believed in. He appeared to be satisfied with 
the doctrines they advanced, and finally they were invited to 
remain for supper, to which, of course, they had no objection. 

While supper was being prepared, their host passed into the 
tan yard to direct matters there, and they took a stroll ou&ide. 
When Willie's companion felt assured that they were alone, 
he said, to Willie's great astonishment, "Well, somehow or 
other I have taken a notion to go home." The following con- 
versation then took place. 

Willie. — "Why do you wish to go home?" 

Elder B.— "Well I cannot stand this kind of a life. I have 
not got experience enough." 

Willie.— "Well, now, if you will be advised by me, you will 
stay right where you are. If j'ou want experience you will get 
it. 'Earth affords no better school.' Remember, he that set- 
teth his hand to the plow and then turneth back, is not fit for 
the kingdom." 

Elder B.— "Well, I can't help it, T must go." 

Willie. — "You and I were sent here by the authority of the 
Almighty to perform a mission. If those who sent me, wish me 
back, they must send for me, or I will not return. 1 would 
rather remain and perish like a dog in a ditch." 

After making this last remark, and driving so firm a stake, 
Willie felt a very peculiar impression, an inward whispering 
as if some one said, "Now, Willie, that is a very firm stake, 
some day you will be tried to see|whetheryou will not pull it up." 

Supper was announced ready. The conversation closed, and 
Willie and his companion repaired to their seats at the table. 
After supper they returned to Thirsk. 

On their way, Willie's companion remarked that while he 
was visiting his friends, he heard some of them say that a per- 
son named Stanger, who resided at Faceby, a village about 
seventeen miles from Thirsk, had read the Book of IMormon, 
and wished to see a Mormon Elder. 

Next morning Willie accompanied his companion to the 
Railway Station, when they shook hands and parted. Alter 
the parting Willie felt very lonely. He was then a long way 
from home and friends, and without money. Besides this, the 
one whom he had expected would share his toils had now left 
him to battle with the opposition of the world alone. Wkile 
feeling cast down with these reflections, he remembered the 
remark of his friend the evening before, concerning the gentle- 
man at Faceby who wished to see a Mormon Elder. This re- 
mark fastened itself upon Willie's mind, and he felt very forci- 
bly impressed to go to Faceby. Finally he started. About 
noon he arrived at the entrance of a narrow lane, leading up 
to the village. 

When he entered this lane he slackened his pace. Faceby 
was in sight. Willie wondered in what way he could best in- 
troduce himself He hardly felt certain that Stanger was the 
name of the person that he sought to find. And then, if Stan- 
ger proved to be the right name, and he had the good fortune 
to find the gentleman how could he introduce himself? what 
could he possibly say to him? He had never seen the man 
whom he sought, neither had he any letter of introduction. 

As he neared the village his embarrassment increased. Just 
then at a short turn of the road, he met an aged lady, whom 




he addressed as follows: "Please madam, can you tell me whether 
there is a resident in this village named Blr. Stanger?" The 
lady J)ointed to a farm house that wore rather an ancient ap- 
pearance, and answered "Blr. Stanger lives in that house.'' 

Willie opened the garden gate, went down the foot-path to 
the house, and gently rapped at the door; a middle aged gentle- 
man answered the call. 

Willie. — "Is this Mr. Stanger's residence?" 

Mr. S.— "Yes, sir." 

Willie. — "Are you the gentleman?" 

Mr. S.— "I am, sir." 

Willie. — "I have been informed that you have read the Book 
of Mormon, also that you have desired to see an Elder of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I have the honor 
to be one, sir, and have taken the liberty to call upon you." 

Mr. S. — "You have been rightly informed, will you please 
come in sir." Willie walked in, and Mr. S. — introduced him 
to his sister, who was keeping house for him. 

Mr. S. — "Are you hungry sir?" 

Willie.— "I am, sir." 

Mr. S.— Addressing his sister, he said "Mary, get this gen. 
tleman a good dinner." Mary did so, and Willie did justice 
to a farmer's substantial meal. Wm. W. B. 

{To be CoiUmued.) 






V^TE have perused, with much pleasure, odd nttmbers of 
V y several different manuscript magazines, written and edit- 
ed by the teachers and scholars of our various Sunday Schools. 
W^e are pleased to notice these efforts, and believe them to be 
very valuable both to the teachers and scholars, tending to de- 
velops in the minds of our young, a taste for literary composi- 
tion, and an understanding of the laws of our language, that 
cannot be so readily acquired, by simply drifting through an 
elementary grammar book. To the teacher they must prove 
very serviceable in aiding to maintain an interest in the school. 
A copy of the Third Ward Sunday School Gazette, now lies 
before us. It is an unpretending little journal; and its contrib- 
utors are very youthful. From its pages we make the follow- 
ing extracts; 

"As a member of this school, I'll do the best I can: 

Be a good boy, now, while I'm young, and grow a useful 

man. 
So help me, as I travel on, my teachers and my friends, 
And if I blindly make mistakes, I'll try and make amends, 
I'll try and learn my lessons all, and try to them recite, 
I'll try and act as you teach me, and all good thoughts invite. 
May all be blest who guide the young, and show the better 

way, 
Who teach us to divide our time, 'twist study, sleep and 

play." D. R. St. Clair. 

"Baptism and Obedience.— School-mates,how many of us 
have been baptized? and what did we promise when we 
were baptized? We promised that we would be good children, 
and obey our parents. Do we do it? I do not think all of us 
obey our parents and teachers as we ought to do. Let us try 
to improve. Now, school mates, if we have been in the habit 
of disobeying onr parents or our teachers, it is time to begin 
to do better. What were we baptized for? For the remission 
of our sins. Let us try to for-ake them, for surely it is a great 
sin and displeasing in the sight of God to be disobedient; let 
us try to overcome all our bad habits, and then we shall grow 
up to be useful instruments in the Church and Kingdom of 
God and shall be loved and respected by all good men and 
women." Miss E. Eakdly. 



There's beauty all around our paths, if but our watchful eyes 
Might trace it 'mid familiar things, and in a lowly guise. 



^ 



^^ 93 



G-TJ"7"Elsrii:jE HSrSTE/TJOTOI^ 




GEOKGi: Q. CATVIVON, : EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 1869. 



a?'WE2srT"X" 'Z'E^^'E^.S JLO-O 



A TEIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPTER Xn. 



OUR position was a disagreeable one; we had scarcely a 
mouthful of food, our clothing was very scanty and we 
had no tents to shelter us from the storm. My constant walk- 
ing had worn out my boots, and for some time I had been 
compelled to use moccasins; but these were so badly worn that 
my feet were bare. To add to the painfulness of my position 
I arose that morning very sick. By putting the bedding to- 
gether the brethren contrived to spare a blanket or two to 
cover a httle shanty which they raised over our sleeping place, 
and I was very glad to crawl under this and lie the greater part 
of the day. 

The snow continued to fall steadily, and it was useless to 
think of moving, yet hunger gnawed at our vitals, and any kind 
of food would have tasted sweet to us. Several hunted game 
with great perseverance; and though they saw and shot at 
several black-tailed deer, they were unable to secure one. An 
owl came within the reach of the rifle of one of the men and 
it was shot. A well-fed man or boy would turn up his nose at 
the bare mention of eating an owl. But I can assure you, my 
little readers, that it is not bad eating — when one is starving. 
Being sick, the piivilege of drinking some of the soup was ac- 
corded to me as a favor. It was the nicest dish of soup I had 
ever tasted. No chicken soup had ever been relished like this, 
and it did me good. Sharp hunger makes food taste wonder- 
fully sweet; a piece of a donkey or of a dog eats very well 
when one is very hungry. I know this, for I have tried them 
both. 

Through the night the snow continued to descend, and our 
surroundings gave a much greater degree of earnestness and 
fervor than usual to our prayers. The next morning as' soon 
as we had attended to prayers. Brother Rich started out from 
camp, feeling led to go in a certain direction. He had not 
been gone long when he came back, carrying on his shoulders a 
good sized deer, which he had found lying dead in the bushes. 
It was one that had been shot the previotis day. Two more 
were also found by other brethren and brought into camp. A 
feeling of thankfulness to the Lord, for the supply whigh He 
had given us, filled our hearts, and universal cheerfulness pre- 
vailed. 

The next day we moved on, and that night it was decided 
that those of the company who had the strongest animals 
should push on ahead, as it was thought that from the point 
where we then were they could travel to the settlements at 
least one day quicker than we could possibly do with the weaker 
animals. By so doing there would be more provisions for those 
who remained. Brother Rich offered to stay with the hinder 
part of the company; but all felt that he should go in ahead. 

There were eleven of us left to travel as the hinder part of 
the company. In those days cattle roamed over the plains of 
California in countless herds. The chief value of a beef was 
his hide. We knew this, and had made our calculations tha 
if we should come within shooting distance of cattle we would 
not hesitate to kill a beef, and settle for it with the owner as 



soon as we reached his ranch. But we were spared the neces- 
sity of doing this. As we were trudging wearily along, ascend- 
ing the Cajon Pass of the Sierra Nevada, we met Brother 
Henry Gibson, who had gone ahead with the other part oif the 
company, coming back to hunt a mule which had strayed off. 

He told us the welcome news that we would find a wagon 
loaded with provisions at the camping place in the kanyon on 
the other side of the Pass. The wagon had been loaded and 
sent out by a Mr. Williams, for the purpose of seUing food to 
the people who were coming in. This intelligence imparted 
new strength to us, and made us almost forget our fatigue. 

A fire was speedily kindled after reaching the camping place, 
and while the bread was being baked, numerous slices of beef 
were cut off and broiled. Luckily the flour was unbolted, for 
had we eaten fine flour as freely as we did that, it might have 
killed us. I cannot state positively what quantity our mess ate; 
but I recollect that the other mess, five in number, bought fif- 
teen pounds of flour, and in the morning they had none left for 
breakfast! Besides the flour, they had eaten a large quantity of 
meat! We were as hungry as they, and I think that we must 
have eaten as heartily. 

We soon reached Williams' Ranch, distant some few miles 
from the town of Los Angeles, where we found Bro. Rich and 
the other brethren who had preceded us. Brother Rich secured 
us a job, and we remained there about one month, working. 
Food was plentiful; we could buy a fat steer for three dollars; 
and we soon got satisfied, and were contented with an ordinary 
meal. After we reached Williams' Ranch I was taken sick) 
and narrowly escaped death. I fully believe my life was saved 
through the Elders laying hands upon me and administering 
to me. 

Through the influence of Brother Rich and Captain Hunt, 
ox teams were bought on credit, with which a number of us, 
under the leadership of Major Howard Egan, proceeded up the 
coast. Those of the company who had mules went up as a 
pack company; they were accompanied by General Rich and 
Captain Hunt. 

My "trip to CaUfornia" is now ended, and I do not purpose 
to carry my readers any further, at least at present. My de- 
sciiption of this trip might have been embellished and made 
more exciting; but I have preferred to give a simple recital of 
incidents which actually occurred, leaving to my readers' im- 
aginations the labor of supplying the detaiki 

I have been much interested in traveling in my mind over 
the ground again. I find it more pleasaut to travel to CaUfor- 
nia in this manner, than to travel with pack animals or to walk. 
May 1 hope that my readers have found the journey, which we 
have made together in this manner, interesting and profitable? 
There is one lesson which I trust has been impressed upon all 
by the perusal of this narrative, — that when a company or peo- 
ple follow the guidance of an inspired servant of God they can 
rely upon the proteetion and deUverance of the Lord. 



LITTLE THINGS.— Littie things and little people, says Dr. 
Chalmers, have often brought great things to pass. The large 
world in which we exist is made up of little particles as small 
as sand on the sea-shore. The vast sea is composed of small 
drops of water. The little busy bees, how much honey they 
gather! Do not be discouraged because you are little. A lit- 
tle star shines brightly in the sky on a dark night, and may be 
the means of saving many a poor sailor from shipwreck; and a 
Uttle Christian may do a great deal of good, if he or she will 
try. There is nothing like trying. 

An unkind word dropped from the tongue cannot be brought 
back again, even by a coach and six. 



9*5^^ 










OTTJ^EIsriXjE IlSrSTie/TJOTOI^, 



93 



'^*> 



T:e3::ei 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

O T T E i?.. 



THE picture given below, represents an otter, with a 
fish in its mouth. These curious animals are very 
fond of fish, indeed quite as fond of them as boys and girls 
generally, are of ripe cherries and strawberries. Of course, 
being so partial to fish^and living a great part of the time in 
the Water, the otter is a first rate fisherman, and sportsmen 
have, now and then, tried to tame it, and teach it to catch fish 
for their benefit. Bat it is a very difficult task to domesticate 
the otter, and to do it effectually it must be caught very young, 
and gradually taught to live on bread and milk. When it has 
leajrned to like the bread and mUk, it is then taught to fetch and 
carry, just as dogs are trained, and when it has learned this les- 
son well, a leather fish stufi'ed with wool is used as the article to be 




carried, next a dead fish is employed, and the animal is chastised 
if he attempts to tear it. At last it is sent into the water after 
living fish. Bishop Heber thus relates how he saw these ani- 
mals used in the East Indies. 

*'We passed, to my surprise, a row of no less thaii nine or 
ten large and very beautiful otters, tethered with straw collars 
and long strings to bamboo stakes on the banks (of the Matta 
Colly). Some were swimming about at the full extent of their 
strings, or lying half in and half out of the water; others were 
rolling themselves in the sun on the sandy bank, littering a 
shrill whistling noise, as if in play. I was told that some of 
the fishermen in this r>eighborhood kept one or more of these 
animals, who were almost as tame as dogs, and of great use in 
fishing; sometimes driving the shoals into the nets, sometimes 
bringing out the larger fish with their teeth, I was much 
pleased and interested with the sight." 

The otter is about two feet long from the nose, to the root 
of the tail, which is itself about fifteen inches long. The body 
is lengthened out and much flattened, and the tail is flat and 
broad; the legs are short and strong, but can be turned in any 
direction when swimming. Its feet are broad, and the toes 
are connected by a complete web. This makes it so good a 
sv/immer and diver. Its teeth are sharp and strong. It has 
a black nose and long whiskers, and very small eyes and ears. 
Its skin is protected by a compact fur, which consists of two 
kinds of hair, one long, stiff and shining, the other extremely 
fine and soft. Its eolor is generally of a greyish brown. 

G.. E. 



A PERSON good at making excuses is seldom good for much 

else. 



iogt^a^lu. 



afiS 



IF I^ O IP H E T . 



or'SiE 




IMMEDIATELY after the nomination 
Joseph proceeded to get out a pamphlet; 
entitled, "Views on the Powers and Policy 
of the Government of the United States.'' 
In the first four paragraphs he showed 
plainly where he stood on the slavery 
question. They read as follows; 

"Boru in a land of liberty, and breathing 
an air uncorrupted with Vae sirocco of bar- 
barous climes, I ever feel a double anxiety 
for the happiness of all men, both in time and 
in eternity. 

"My cogitations, like Daniel's.havo fofa long 
time troubled me when I viewed the condiliou 
of men throughout the world, and more espe- 
cially in this boasted realm, where the Declara- 
tion of Independence 'holds these truths to be 
self evident, that all men are created equalf that 
they are endowed by their Creator with certain 
unalienable rights; tha' amons these are life, liberty 
and the pursuit of happiness;' but at the same time 
some two or three millions of people are held as 
slaves for life, because the spirit of tliem is covered 
with a darker skin than ours; and himdreds of our own kindred 
for an infraction, or supposed infraction, of some ovei'-wise 
statute, have to be incarcerated in dungeon glooms, or sufler 
the more moral penitentiary gravitation of mercy in a nut-' 
shell, while the duelist, the debauchee and the defaulter for 
millions, and other criminals, take the uppermost rooms at 
feasts, or, like tLe bird of passage, find a more congenial clime 
by flight. 

"The wisdom which ought to characterize the freest, wisest 
and most noble nation of the nineteenth century, should, like 
the sun in his meridian splendor, warm every object beneath 
its rays; and the main ettbrts of hei- otficers, who are nothing 
more or less than the servants of the people, ought to be di' 
rected to ameliorate the condition of all, black or white, bond 
or free; for the best of books says, 'God hath made of one 
blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the 
earth.' 

"Our common country presents to all men the same advan- 
tages, the same facilities, the same prospects, the same honors 
and the same rewards; and without hypocrisy, the Constitu- 
tion, when it says, 'We, the people of the United States, in 
order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, ensure 
domestic tranquility,provide for the common defence, promote 
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our- 
selves and our posterity, do ordai-u and establish this Constitu- 
tion for the United States of America,'' meant just what it said,, 
without reference to color or condition, ad infinitmn," 

But though he was not in favor of slavery, he did ffot want 
the owners of slaves to be plundered or oppressed. His plan 
was one, which if it had been carried out, would have saved an 
immense amount of blood and treasure, and preserved the Uni- 
on in peace. On this subject he said: 

"Petition, also, ye goodly inhabitants of the slave States^ 
your legislators to abolish slavery by the year 1850, or now,, 
and save the abolitionist from reproach and ruin, infamy and 
shanre. 

"Pray Congress to pay every man a reasonable price for his 
slaves, out of the surplus revenue arising from the sale of pub- 
lic lauds, and from the deduction of pay from the members of 
Congress. 

"Break off the shackles from the poor black man, and hire 
him to labor like other human beings; for 'an hour of virtuous 
liberty on earth is worth a whole eternity of bondage.' " 

* « if JS « » » Si 

"The Southern people are hospitable and noble. They will 
help to rid so free a country of every vestige of slavery, when- 
ever they are assured of an equivalent for their property." 

Respecting the management of public affairs and the proper 
policy to be pursued, he made the following observations:- 



^ 



t 



^^ 



g 



94: 



j-tj^ezntiijE iiNrsa?i?.TJOToi^ 



"Now, O people! people! turn unto the Lord pnd live, and re- 
form this nation. Frustrate the designs of wicked men. Re- 
duce Cone;ress at least two-thirds. Two Senators from a Slate 
and two members to a million of population will do more bus- 
iness than the armv that now occupy the halls of the national 
Leaislalure. Pay them two dollars and their board per diem, 
(except Sundays). That is more than the farn;er gets, and he 
lives honestly. Curtail the officers of Government in pay, 
number, and power; for the Philistine lords have shorn our 
nation of its goodly locks in the lap of Deliiah. 

"Petition your State Legislatures to pardon every convict in 
their several penitentiaries, blessing them as they go, and say- 
ing to them, in the name of the Lord, Oo thy way, and sin no 
more. 

"Advise your legislators, when they make laws for larceny, 
burglary, or any felony, to make the penalty applicable to work 
upon roads, public works, or any place where the culprit can 
be tanglit more wisdom and more virtue, and become more 
enlightened. Rignrand seclusion will never do as much to re- 
torm the propensities of men as reason and friendship. Murder 
only can claim continement or death. Let the penitentiaries 
be turned into seraiaaries of learning, where intelligence, like 
the angels of heaven, would banish such fragments of barbar- 
ism. Imprisonment for debt is a meaner practice than the 
savage tolerates, with all his ferocity. 'Amor vincit omnia,' 
(Love conquers all.") » s » « » 

{To be Continued.) 



TXIE STOI^'Y OIF 

Selected from Jacob A bbott's Writings, 

[CONTINUED.] 



^2 



THE surrender of an army of seven thousand men is a very 
imposing ceremony. On tlie morning of the appointed 
day, the American and French armies were drawn up on the 
sides of a road leading from Yorktown. The French were on 
one side, and the Americans on the other. The hnes extended 
for more than a mile. The British troops were to march out 
between them. An immense concourse of people assembled 
from all the surrounding country to witness the scene. 

Lord Cornwallis had made himself the dread of the whole 
southern countrj' by the devastations he had made, and he had 
come into Virginia with the design of continuing there, his 
career of terror and destruction. The people, of course, exult- 
ed with double joy in the dreadful retribution that had now 
overtaken him. 

The assembled multitude, however, did not have an oppor- 
tunity to see their great enemy himself He was sick when the 
morning came, or pretended to be sick, and so did not appear. 
Indeed, he was so overwhelmed *'ith vexation and despair that 
he was, perhaps, really unable to leave his room; so he sent one 
of his generals in his stead, to carry his sword, and deliver it 
up to General Washington, this being an essential part of the 
ceremony observed on all such occasions. 

The surrender of this army virtually put an end to the war. 
During the eight years that had elapsed since hostilities com- 
menced at Lexington and Bunker Hill, the countrj' had been 
increasing in wealth and population, notwithstanding all the 
waste and destruction the war had occasioned, and was now 
stronger than ever before. This was the second large British 
army that had been captured, and comparatively few troops 
now remained in the country. Even those few were closely shut 
up in places distant from each other, so that they were isolated 
and helpless. Besides this, a large portion of the people of 
England began to be tired of the war, and to wish to have it 
abandoned. The government was thus at last compelled to 
submit They were exceedingly reluctant to come to this con- 
clusion, but they found that come to it they must, and accord- 
ingly, in the fall of 1783, a treaty of peace was signed, in which 
the independence and freedom of the United States of America 
was fuUy acknowledged by the government of Great Britain. 
This treaty is generally called the treaty of Paris. Treaties 



between nations are very often named atter the place at which 
they were formed. This treaty was made at Paris. The repre- 
sentatives of the American colonies were there and met the 
representatives of the British government, and together they 
drew up the treaty of peace. A treaty is, in fact, a contract 
between two nations. After the terms of this treaty had been 
discussed and settled upon by the commissioners, it was execu- 
ted by them on behalf of their respective governments. 

Thus peace and the independence of the United States were 
at last established. 

As soon as peace between England and America was estab- 
lished by the treaty of 1783, and the independence of the 
nation was acknowledged by the mother country, [.the question 
at once arose what arrangements should be made for the future 
government of the United States. There had been no time to 
think much on the subject during the continuance of the war. 
A great many diiBculties had been experienced for want of 
some well organized general government, but there was no op- 
portunity to attempt to provide any remedy for then. untO 
peace was declared. The subject was then taken up at once in 
serious earnest. 

In order to understand the case fully, we must remember 
that hitherto the Congress, though they exercised a sort of 
general superintendence over the affairs of the war, were, 
after all, not a government. They were only, as it were, a 
committee. Their functions were almost precisely those of a 
joint committee chosen by a number of different powers to 
transact certain business of common interest to all. In respect 
to measures involving the action of different states, they had 
no actual powers whatever. They could only recommend. It 
devolved on the several states to determine, each for itself, how 
far they would comply with these recommendations after they 
were made. The patriotism, and the public spirit of the coun- 
try produced, it is true, a great deal ot unanimity in the states 
while the war continued, so that the evils resulting from the 
want of a general organization, empowered to act as well as to 
advise, though serious, were not fatal. It was very evident, 
however, that in a long continued time of peace so inefficient 
a system as that would not answer at all. 

The question was what was to be done. Two plans of gov- 
ernment suggested themselves at once in such circumstances. 

1. To consider each one of the several states as entirely sov- 
ereign and independent; and to organize for each one a separate 
government, so that each should be distinct from all the rest, 
just as the different nations of Europe are distinct from each 
other. There were good reasons for this plan, for the states 
extended over a region widely diversified in climate and soil, 
as well as in the pursuits, and manners, and customs of the in- 
habitants, and a system of government and laws that would be 
adapted to one portion of the country would not be suitable to 
another; and, therefore, it seemed desirable that each state 
should have a government of its own. 

2. To abolish the distinction of states altogether, and form 
one great and united nation, with one government to rule over 
all would be doing substantially what had been done in 
the British Empire. In former times, England, Scotland, and 
Ireland were three separate states, each having its own inde- 
pendent government; but they have, in modern times, been 
merged into one, and the distinctions exist now only in name. 

There were good reasons for this plan too. One great nation 
is much more powerful in defending itself from enemies in time 
of war than a number of small ones. It was plain, too, that 
there were several other departments of government, besides 
that of military defense, that could be more conveniently man- 
aged in one system covering the whole country; such as dealing 
with the tribes of Indians, buying and settling the lands in the 
1 interior of the country, regulating commerce with foreign nations 



5< 




^^ 



3r^. 



CrTJ"VEIsriIjE II^TBTI^TJOTOI^. 



95 



and organizing and working the post office. Thus, for these 
general purposes, it was best to have one general government 
uniting the whole country; but for the convenience and satisfac- 
tion of the mass of the people in the ordinaiy arrangements of 
daily life, it was best to have separate governments, so that each 
state might manage its affairs in its own way. 

Thus, so far us dealings with foreign nations were concerned, 
it would be better to have a union of the whole country under 
one government; but so far as related to internal regulations 
and laws, it would be better to have a separate government for 

each individual state. 

(To be Continued.) 



THII^EE 3Sr O B L E 



BEAUTIFUL beyond expression to me is the devotion of 
children to each other, and to what they feel to be duty. 

Here is a paper from Now Brunswick, in the British Provin- 
ces, for instance, that has a story to tell,— a story so touching that 
as I read it, I seem to see how the genius that can imagine it 
is not so high as the genius that can do. 

Three children there got astray. One was about six years of 
age, the others, four and three. It was a wild region, and in 
wild weather, and at the edge of night. From signs, it seems 
that the six-year-old child soon felt sure that there was no hope 
of being found, or finding themselves that night, and so it took 
measures at once for the safe keeping of the little ones. Putting 
them in the most sheltered nook it could find, it then stripped 
away the most of its own garments to put on them, and set 
out to find dry seaweed and brush to cover them up and defend 
them. Quite a quantity of this had been gathered and piled 
about the babes in a sort of nest, and there they lay when the 
people found them, still alive, but the six-year-old mother and 
martyr lay out on the .=hore dead of the cold — ^lay beside the 
last pile of brush it had been able to gather, but had not been 
able to bring in. 

Here, again, the English papers bring another instance of 
this high devotion of a little one now at rest under the green- 
sward in a country church in Newcastle. 

Several children were playingon the track of the great North 
ern Railway, when an engine and tender came rapidly up the 
road, and the elder ones started to run out of the way. One of 
these, a small girl, had two small children in charge. These 
she left in her first spasm of self-preservation, but when she had 
gone a step or two, was caught of this devotion to her duty 1 
am trying to tell about, went back for them, and had just time 
to bring them to a space between the track and platform, and 
so to save their lives; but she herself was — well, she never knew 
she was hurt. I suppose when she came to herself it was not 
the black country and the railroad she saw, and the inky Tyne, 
but sweet fields beyond the swelling flood, and the rivers of the 
water of life, and the angels. 

I believe, besides this, this week I will only tell a story I once 
told to some children. 

Away off in Edinburgh, two gentlemen were standing at the 
door of a hotel one very cold day, when a little buy, with a 
poor, thin, blue face, his feet bare and red with the cold, and 
with nothing to cover him but a bundle of rags, came and said: 

"Please sir, buy some matches." 

"No, I don't want any," the gentleman replied. 

"But they are only a penny a box," the little fellow pleaded. 

"Yes, but you see we don't want a box," the gentleman 
said. 

"Then I will give two boxes for a penny," the boy said at 
last. 



"And so to get rid of him, "the gentleman, who tells the story 
in an p]nglish paper, says, "I bought a box," but then I found 
I had no change, so I said: 

" 'I will buy a box to-morrow.' 

"Oh! do buy them to night, if ye please, the boy pleadec", 
'I will rin and get ye the change, for I am vera hungry." 

"So I gave him the shilhng, and he started away; and I 
waited for him, but no boy came. Then I thought I had lost 
my shilling; but still there was that in the boy's face I trusted, 
and I did not like to think bad of him. Well, late in the 
evening a servant came and said a little boy wanted to see me. 
When he was brought in, I saw it was a smaller brother of the 
boy that got my shilling, but, if possible, still more poor and 
ragged than he. He stood a moment diving into his rags, as 
if seeking something, and then said. 

"Are you the gentleman that bought the matches frae San- 
die?" 

"Yes.' 

"Well, then, here's fourpenoe out o' yer shillin'. Sandie 
canna come; he's no well. A cart ran over him and knocked 
him doon, and he lost his bonnet and his matches, and your 
sevenpence; and both his legs are broken; and he's no weel at 
a', and the doctor says he'll dee. And that's all he can gie ye 
noo,' putting fourpenoe down on the table, and then the poor 
child broke down into great sobs. 

"Sol fed the little man," the gentleman goes on to Bay^ 
"and then I went with him io see Sandie. I found that the 
two little things lived with a wretched, drunken stepmother; 
their own father and mother were both dead. I found poor 
Sandie lying on a bundle of shavings. He knew me as soon as 
I came in, and said: 

" 'I got the change, and was coming back, and then the horse 
knocked me doon, and both my legs are broken. And, O, 
Reuby, little Reuby! I am sure I am dee'in! and who'll take 
care o'ye Reulsy, when I am gane? And what will ye do 
Reuby?' 

"Then I took the poor little sufferer's hand and told him I 
would always take care of Reuby. He understood me, and 
had ju*t strength to look at me, as if he would thank me; and 
then the light went out of his blue eyes, and in a moment — 

" 'He lay within the light of God.' " 
— Selected. 






THE little creature that bears this pretty name is one of the 
most beautiful of ocean gems. 

His body is shaped like a small cup, from the edge of which 
spring ten of the most lovely feathery arms you can imagine, all 
bright rose-color with spots of yellow. These arms he spreads 
out and curls over at the ends, much like an ostrich feather, 
giving the little creature a most elegant appearance; or he can 
draw them down so as to look like an exquisite flower-bud. 

When the feather star is a baby he is seated on a long kind 
of stem fastened to the rock, and this stem waving to and fro 
in the water makes him look more than ever like a flower. So 
mucii so indeed, that when he is found dead and turned to 
stone — as he is sometimes — he is called a lily-stone. 

But when he manages to live through babyhood, and becomes 
full-grown, he leaves his rocking cradle and swims about at 
pleasure, or holds on to the rocks by his tiny legs, which come 
through tJio bottom of his cup, and are about the size of a 
common thread. 



'^fi 



r^T* 



i) 



c'^U 



t96 



J TJ ^ jB nsr I L E II<TSTI?/TJOTOI^ 



The beautiful creature has a large mouth hidden somewhere 
about him, and many are the crabs and tiny fishes that find 
their way into it. -• 

In fact, I suppose I must tell you that men who study the 
habits of these little creatures call them by the unpleasant 
name of scavengers. They perform the same use in the sea 
that our scavanger men perform in cities. 

While we would be pleased to see suoh lovely creatures feed- 
ing upon dew and honey, it is much more beautiful to know 
that not even the most insignificant |inseot is useless, but each 
has his place and duty assigned him by the wise and good 
Creator of all. 



^opri^^|(attS^nc0« 



We Insert, with pleasure, the following letter from a few of 
our little friends, North Oqden, June 10th, 1869. 

Editor, "Juvenile Instructor:" 

Dear Brother:— We hail with joy the re- 
appearance oi the "Juvenile" after, what has seemed to us, a 
long absence. It is used as a Reader, in our day school, in the 
third and fourth reader classes. Had it not been for the" Juven- 
ile," with its tasty variety ;of subjects, we should have grown 
tired, long ago, of reading about monkeys, dogs, cats, etc., in 
Wilson's Readers. Our esteemed teacher explains the contents 
of the "Juvenile" to us, and we learn something new aBd;;good 
ia every lesson. Besides this, it makes our reading books last 
much longer and enables us to read them better. We are 
striving to do what the "Juvenile" teaches, viz: to improve 
our time, and qualify ourselves to become bright men and 
women in the Isingdom of God. We are proud to say that our 
day school keeps in session all the year round, and that we 
have a good teacher, whom we highly esteem. 

Wo are taught reading, spelling, writing, arithmetic, writing 
from dictation, grammar, geography, music, and, best of all, 
theprinciples' of the gospel of Jesus Christ. God speed the 
"Juvenile," is the prayer of 

Your loving little brothers and sisters, 

G. S. Dean. 

N. Barker. 

P. B. Williams. 

M. M. Mkcham. 

S. Randall. 

E, BiiBRETT. 

For the Juvenile Instructor, 



BY JOSEl'H S. THORNTON. 



I am composed of 12 letters. 

My 9, 10, 7, is a part of the body. 

My 8, .5, G, is a nickname. 

My 3, 11, 3, 1. is a bird. 

My 4, 12, 1, is a fowl. 

My whole is a State in the Union. 



BT WILLIAM HUNTER. 



I am composed of 12 letters. 

My 4, 11, 9, is a part of the face. 

Wy S, 7, 5, e, is a metal. 

My 1, 10, 3, 4, 3, 1, is a man's name. 

Wy 2, 7, 12, 0, crowns the human frame. 

My whole is a far famed city in the eastern States. 

Thelanswer to the Charadelin No. 10 is mOVIDENCE. 



cUcl^Si ^o^fpy. 




'V'OIOES OIF JLISTO-ELS. 



In a corner playing 

Sat my little May, 
Playing with a kitten 

In a merry way. 

All at once, upspringing — 
Hushed her noisy glee — 

Baid she: "Mamma, darling! 
Did you speak to me?" I 

"No," I answered, wond'rlDg 
At the strange surprise 

Bhadowing the beauty 
Of her tender eyes. 

"Then it was an angel;'' 

And her voice dropped down. 
And the lashes, drooping. 

Touched her cheeks of brown- 
Brown with summer kisses — 

And she bent her head; 
"I was hurting Kitty; 

'Don't!' alow voice said. 

"Was it not an angel?', 
"Yes, they're always near," 

Said I, "Speaking to us, 
If we'll only hear. 

^'In our hearts their voices. 

Very sweet and low. 
Urging love and duty, 

We may always know. 

"In our hearts, when straying 

From the better way. 
Words of earnest warning 

We may hear them say. 

"Always heedtbena, darling, 
For it is the Lord 

Present with the angels- 
Speaking in their word." 



?Cw^^5>6S 



Wherever in this world we are. 

In whatsoe'er estate, 
We have a fellowship of hearts 

To keep and cultivate; 
And a work of lowly love to do 

For the Lord on whom we wait, 

crTJ-^TEnsriLE insrsTi^tJOTo:^. 

Is iiublishcd In Salt Lake City, Utah Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE 0. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum •••• 
Single Copy, for Six Montlis^ 



.^00 

. 15a 



^g- It is exwetcd where aprenta forward names tlicy wiH be respoasible 
for the papers thus or.l.-re.l; aiirt when ra»h payments are made they will 
please fdrwarrt them will, the htter ,uiitaininK the names of the suhscribeis. 

«B- Khler Wm. II. ahearman, Lo-an, will act as Cenera) Agent for 

"^'ea- Grai\7bro.i"ht to this City for Hw .Iuvesii.e Issthbotor wUJ be 
i-cceived at the oDice of our paper-Dissii.-KT Nkws Buildiugs. 



w 




