*^ 



l^lhu^s U t|e %Gx)i\ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1870. 



NO. 19. 



t"E3:e :e'OXjJ^:el bej^i^. 



THE accounts given by some of the early navigators of 
the size, strength and ferocity of the Polar bear, were 
truly wonderful, and enough to terrify timid travelers 
from ever diving into the mysteries of the frozen shores 
of the north frigid zone. To day, the vigor of modern 



limbs very large and strong. It is principally found in 
Greenland, Spitzbergen and on the shores of Hudson's 
bay, but it has once in a while been seen as far south as 
Newfoundland, where it had been carried by the currents 
on some field of lloating ice. The usual food of these crca- 




research has dispelled many of these terrible stories, but 
^^ it is still very clear that this animal possesses immense 
^ ' ^ strengtli and fierceness. 

The whole animal is white, except the tip of the nose 
and the claws, which are jet black ; the ears are small and 
rounded, the eyes small, the teeth very large, and the 



tures consists of seals, fish, and the dead bodies o£ whales ; 
but when on land ' they prey on various animals, as 
hares, young birds, &o ., they also eat such roots and ber- 
ries as they can find. It is said they arc fre(iuently seen 
in Greenland in great droves, enticed by the scent of the 
flesh of seals ; and will sometimes, when very hungry, 



i^9 

ft,' 



^or 



^ 



I 



146 



J- XJ "V^ E 3Sr I Xj E IIDTSTI^TJOTOIEe, 



^ 



attack the habitations of the Esquimaux and attempt to 

break in. 

In our engraving you will notice one of the bears lias 
captured a seal, Captain Lyon, a northern explorer, gives 
the following account of the way the bears capture these 
creatures. 

"The bear on seeing his intended prey gets (quietly into 
the water, and swims anitil to leeward of him, from 
whence, by frequent short dives, he silently makes his 
approaches, and so arranges his distance, that at the last 
dive he comes to the spot where the seal is lying. If the 
l)oor animal attempts to escape by rolling into the water, 
he falls into tlie bear's clutches ; if on the contrary, lie lies 
still, his destroyer makes a powerful spring, kills him on 
the ice and devours him at leisure." 

A single Esquimaux, aided only by his dogs will attack 
the Polar bear without fear or hesitation, which is by no 
means an easy task. The dogs keep the ferocious animal 
at bay, assailing him on all sides, whilst their master 
attacks him with his spear, and avoids, with astonishing 
skill, the furious springs of the enraged monster. But 
many sad tales are told of northern voyagers falling into 
the power of these creatures when not prepared for them, 
and sufl'ering death thereby. 

During the summer the bears chietiy reside on the ice 

islands, passing frecpiently from one to another, as they 

are most expert swimmers. Indeed they might almost be 

called amphibious, as they spend almost as much of their 

time in the water as they do on the land. They lodge in 

dens, formed in the vast masses of ice which are piled up 

mountain high, leaving great caverns beneath, here tliey 

have their young ; and the aflection between the cubs and 

the parent is so great that they will sooner die than desert 

each other. During winter they bed themselves deep 

beneath the snow, or else beneath some mass of lixed ice, 

where they pass iii a state of torpor, the long and dismal 

arctic night of month's duration, appearing in the open air 

only with the return of the short sunmier that enlivens 

those dreary arctic regions. 

Ct. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

^ ^e .^ ^ 



Tionsrs. 



rj-lli:i{E are other fossils besides those of the corals, of 
1 which we have been speaking; in an extended 
sense, evorytliing taken out of the earth is a fossil, 
but it is only organized substances, geneiviUy, that are 
called "fossil;" as a fossil shell, fossil coral, fossil wood, 
&c. In the simplest fossili/alicjii the relic is buried up in 
the earth, or beneath an accumulation of dirt washed over 
it, perhaps by floods or rivers. After a time the place 
where the fossil is deposited may bei-omc dry, or even 
hard, as is the case in rocks where fossils are sometimes 
found. Sometimes substances thus buried up undergo 
little or no chemical changes; arrow and spear heads 
made of Hint by the ancients, are often found a.s fresh in 
ai)pearance as when buried up, this is also true of certain 
shells formed of Hint (silica). 

J!ut there is generally a change of some kind, chielly 
liy a <lecomposition of the softer i)arls of substances; thus 
wood \a fill inlcdH;/ riKDirjcil in its nature, it ceases to be 
wood, although it may retain its appearance. In this 



Ti^OiT HyCi^ITTTFJ^OTTJI^El. 



From "Tkiumths of Invention and Discovery. 
J'ublishcd by T. Nelson & tSons, London. 



rilllE multifarious use of iron in our day has given its 
i name to the age. We have got far beyond the primi- 
tive applications of that metal — every day it is 8U}>plant- 
ing some other substance, and there is no saying where 
the wide-spread and varied service we exact from it will 
stop. The invention of the steam-engine, and the im- 
provement of manufacturing machines, would be com- 
paratively valueless, unless wo had at command a cheap 
an<l aljundant suiiply of iron for their construction. The 
land is covered with a net-work of iroi\ rails, traversed by 
iron steeds— gulfs and valleys are spanned by iron arches 
and iron tubes — liuge ships of iron ride upon (bo deep. 
lOven stones and bricks are being disciirded for this all- 
useful substance, and of iron we are building houses, 
[lalaces, theatres, churches, and spacious domes. There 
is no end to its uses. 



^^* 



country a great deal of "i^etrifled wood" is met with, ,^ 
some of it is changed into flint (silicifled wood), some into 
limestone. The wood has been subjected to the action 
of silica in solution, or else to a solution of carbonate of 
lime. 

Whenever there is a true petrifaction, there is a substi- 
tution of new material for the original; thus, a shell 
formed of carbonate of lime may exchange atoms by being- 
acted upon by a solution of silica, the carbonate of lime 
passing away, and the silica being deposited in its place. 
This may be done with coral or wood, and with other 
substances. 

But many of the elements may entirely pans awcii/, as, 
for instance, the phosphates (that is constituents of a sub- 
stance into which the element of iihosphorus enters as a 
part), this is the case generally in bones, and shells also. 
Or, the elements of the fossil may form new combinations 
or re-arrange themselves, so as to produce an entirely 
ditrerent substance. So that in fossils the same chemical 
condition that pertains to living specimens resembling 
them need not be expected; of what use then are fossils? 

There are many uses. Coal is a fossil of great value; we 
have seen also that limestone itself is fossil material. Coal 
is organic in origin, consisting of masses of vegetable 
matter; limestone consists of masses of zoophyta, or plant 
animals. Then there is amber, and many of the products 
of the oil wells fossil in nature, organic in origin. But 
there are uses of fossils distinct from their value, as they 
are useful in the arts, or for domestic purposes, they are 
evidences of former life upon the earth. 

Suppose now, children, that we were digging, and were 
to find a coin tliat had upon its face the name of a king 
or emperor, let us say Julius Ca?sar. This would be 
viewed as evidence that a king of that name had lived. 
In this sense coins that are dug up are received as con- 
firmations of the truth of history. That which such coins 
and other works of art are to man, in verifying the history 
of the past, fossils are in determining the history of the 
earth. Modern coins are not quite like ancient ones, they 
resemble them in some respects, existing forms of life are 
not quite like ancient forms, but there is a resemblance; 
we know that corals lived when the carboniferous lime- 
stones were formed, just as we know that Julius Cfesar 
lived when the coin was struck. And, when we have 
learned to know a fossil well, the period of time when it 
lived, the place it occupied when living, whenever, or 
wherever we may find it, we shall know where it belongs 
to. Beth. 



1^ 




■^' 



fnv 



^' 



OrTJ^EnsriLE UsTSTK/TJOTOI^, 




14:7 



And .vet,1t is only between eighty and ninety years ago I 
since Britain, the richest of all countries in native ore, 
was dependent upon others for her supply of the manu- 
factured metal. They wanted but little iron in tliose days, 
compared with the present demand, andyet that little they 
could not furnish themselves with. As much as a million 
and a half sterling a-year went out of English pockets to 
purchase wrought iron from Sweden alone, and they were 
good customers to Russia as well. All the iron that Eng- 
land could then produce was some 17,000 tons. The man 
who showed England how to turn its own ore to account, 
who rendered it independent of all other countries for its 
supply, and made it the great purveyor of wrought iron 
to the world, who opened up this great source of national 
wealth, was Henry Oort of Gosport. 

The great diflticuUy which he solved was how to get 
wrought iron out of the crude iron as it came from the 
smelting furnace, without using charcoal. With but a 
small tract of country, densely peopled, the English had 
but a scant supply of wood at their command. The great 
forests which once overspread the land were gradually 
vanishing, partly before the spread of population and the 
growth of towns, and partly from the inroads made on 
them by the demand for timber. Formerly, the first 
transformation of the ore into pig iron (the crude form of 
the manufactured metal) was effected by means of wood ; 
and the consumption was so great that an Act was passed 
in 15S1 restraining its use. Soon afterwards Lord Dudley 
discovered that coal would answer the purpose just as well, 
and obtained a patent of monopoly. He reaped but little 
profit from his invention, however, for his iron-works 
were destroyed by a mob ; and it was not till a century 
afterwards, when people got more alarmed at the growing 
scarcity of timber, and the increased demand for it, that 
the plan was generally adopted. This was one step in the 
right direction, but another yet remained to be made, for 
the manufacture was still hampered in that country by 
the want of wood for the second process — the conversion 
of crude into malleable iron, in which state alone it is fit 
for service. 

About the year 1785, Henry Cort, iron master of Gosport, 
after many years of patient and wearisome research, of 
anxious thought, and indefatigable experiment, in which 
he spent a private fortune of some £20,000, perfected a 
couple of inventions of priceless value. The first was the 
process of converting pig iron into wrought iron by the 
flame of pit coal in a puddling furnace, thus dispensing 
with the use of charcoal,— the cost and scarcity of which 
had before formed such a dead weight on the trade, and 
placed England at such a disadvantage compared with 
Sweden and Russia. The second was a further process 
for drawing the iron into bars by means of grooved rollers. 
Till then, this operation had to be performed with ham- 
mer and anvil, and was very tedious and laborious. The 
new system not only reduced the cost and labor of pro- 
ducing iron to one-twentieth of what tliey were previous- 
ly, but greatly improved the quality of the article pro- 
duced. 

It is not easy to estimate all that Henry Cort's inven- 
tions have done for that country. Without them they 
would have lost an overflowing and inexhaustible source 
of national wealth, and, moreover, large sums would have 
been taken out of the country in the purchase of wrought 
metal; they would never have been able to give full 
scope to the great mechanical inventions brouglit forth 
towards the close of the last, and the opening of the pre- 
sent century , they would have been debarred from taking 
rank as the great engineers and engine-makers for the 
rest of the world. The direct gain to that country from 
the inventions of Henry Cort, which enabled them to 
work up their own iron, has been calculated as equal by 
this time to not less than a hundred millions ; and it is 
hardly nossible to exaggerate the benefits which it has 
conferred. Lord Sheflield's prophecy that the adoption 
of these processes would be worth more to Britain than a 
dozen colonies, may be said to have been fulfilled. 

Like many other benefactor of his country, Cort got 
little good out of his invention for himself. He took out 
a patent for his process, and arranged with the leading 
iron-masters to accept a royalty of ten shillings a ton for 
the use of them. With a large fortune in prospect, his 
purse was just then exhausted by the expenses he had in- 
curred in experiments and researches ; and he had to look 



out for a capitalist to aid him in working the patent on 
his own account. As ill luck would have it, he entered 
into partnership with a certain Adam Jellicoe, then 
deputy-paymaster of the navy. Jellicoe was considered a 
man of substance, and a "thoroughly respectable" charac- 
ter. He was to advance the ready money, and to receive 
in return half of the profits of the trade, Cort assigning 
to him, by way of collateral security, his patent rights. 
For a year or two all went well. The patent was every- 
where adopted, and Cort's own iron works drove a lucra- 
tive and growing trade. He seemed in a fair way of get- 
ting back the fortune he had spent in bringing out the 
inventions, doubled or trebled, as he well deserved. The 
respectable Jellicoe was seized with a mortal sickness ; at 
his death his desk was filled by another, his books were 
examined, and it turned out that he had been robbing the 
government for many a year back, and was a large 
defaulter. Cort, of course, had nothing to do with this 
villainy, but he had to pay the penalty of it. As Jellicoe's 
partner he was responsible, in those days of unlimited 
liability, for all Jellicoe's debts ; but that was not the 
worst of it. The treasurer of the navy was not con- 
tent to exact onl}"^ the payment of Jellicoe's defalcations, 
as he had no doubt a right to do, but confiscated the whole 
of Cort's patent rights, business, and property, which 
would have paid the debt seven or eight times over, had 
it been fairly valued. 

This incident has never been properly cleared up, but 
what glimpses of its .secret passages have been obtained, 
seem to indicate clearly enough that poor Cort was the 
victim, not of one, but of two or more swindlers. To the 
day of his death henever obtained a distinct account of the 
proceedings ; and when, after his death, a Royal Commi.s- 
siou was appointed to inquire into the matter, the trea- 
surer of the navy and his deputy took care, a week or two 
before the Commission met, to indemnify each other by a 
joint release, and to burn their accounts for upwards of a 
million and a half of public money, for the application of 
which they were responsible, as well as all papers relating 
to Cort's case. When the Commission met, and the 
treasurer and his deputy were called before it, they refused 
to answer questions which would criminate themselves. 

His connection with Jellicoe was, of course, the ruin of 
Henry Cort. He had no means of re-establishing him- 
self in business ; he was robbed of all income from his 
patents ; and he died ruined and broken-hearted ten years 
after, leaving a family of nine children, without a six- 
pence in the world. 



Kindness of Heart. — In Spain, in 1803, an English 
officer, who was engaged in the war under Sir John 
Moore, a famous general, had the misfortune to lose his 
wife. She left behind her three children, all young and 
beautiful, with no one to depend upon but their father. 
Whilst sufTering under his severe loss, and thinking what 
he should do with his lovely little flock, he received 
orders to march to Spain. In a state of great anxiety, he 
begged for jjermission to take the poor orphans to Eng- 
land, where they had many friends and relatives. But 
his services as an officer could not be spared, and his peti- 
tion was refused. 

He was at this time residing in the house of a Portu- 
guese nobleman, who, seeing his perplexity and pitying 
his misfortunes, determined to relieve him. So he went 
up to him, and stopping him in the midst of a hurried 
walk, he kindly said to him, "my poor and unfortunate 
friend, ease your mind of its load of grief, your charming 
little family'shall not suffer. I have three daughters who 
have kind hearts, and who I am sure will each prove a 
mother to one of your little innocents, while I myself will 
take your place, and give them fatherly attention and 
care." "So we will, dear father," said the three daugh- 
ters, all at once ; "leave your children with us, unfortu- 
nate Englishman." The' officer, overcome with emotion, 
said a few broken words of thanks, and rushed out of the 
room. 

We may well believe that an offer so kindly made, was 
accepted on one side, and faithfully fulfilled on the 
other. — Selected. 




^> 



148 



G" U "V E IsT 1 1_. E liN'STI^TJOTOK;. 



^1$ S>\ti\$nllt ittsltiuclot?* 



^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1870. 




kOME must have been in a dreadful condi- 
tion in the days when the apostles Peter 
and Paul visited it. A woman named 
Agrippiua was Empress; she had manied 
her hushand's brolher, whose name was 
Claudius. By her first husband she had a 
son named Nero, who afterwards beeanio 
Emperor. Clauilius had a favorite sou 
named Brittanicus. Agriiipina was afraid 
her liusband would give the crown to this 
son, while she wanted her son, Nero, to have it. 
To prevent this, she employed a wicked woman 
by the name of Locusta, to mix a ])oison for her. 
This was given to the Emijeror in a dish of 
mu.shrooms; but it did not kill him. Another 
stronger poison was then ]irepared, which the Em- 
peror's doctor put in his throat with a feather, on 
pretence that something was the matter with his 
throat, for which this was a remedy. This killed him, and 
Nero became Emjieror. Then Nero hired Locusta to poison 
his brother Britannicus. The first poison given to him did 
not kill him; but a much more powerful compound was ad- 
ministered, and he died immediately. This poison, it is .said, 
was first tried upon a kid; but the animal did not die for 
several hours. The stuff was then boiled a little longer, and 
was tried upon a pig, which it killed instantly, then it was 
thought fit to give to Brittanicus. 

This Nero, if we may believe history, was a dreadful mon- 
ster. He coveted the wife of one of his companions, and sent 
him off to get him out of the way. This wicked woman, 
Poi)ii;va by name, was ambitious to become Empress; but 
Nero's mother, -Vgripjuna, was an enemy who thwarted all her 
jilans. She persuaded Nero that his mother wanted to take 
his life, and finally succeeded in obtaining an order to have her 
murdered. Thus Agrippina, who had poisoned her husband 
to favor her son, perished by that son's order! But Poppaea, 
who had promoted her death, did not escape. Sometime 
aftenvard Nero kicked her, and .she died. After committing 
crimes without number he killed him-ielf to escape the vcii 
geance of the iinmans, tlu^ senate having coiidc'iiined him lo 
death. 

It was during his reign, it is told, that Peter and I'aul, he- 
sides many other Saints, were killed. Peter was crucified with 
his head downwards, lie not being worthy, he said, of being 
enicified like his Lord and iMaster Jesu.s; Paul was beheaded. 
Jt is related of Nero that he had many of the Saints covered 
witli the skins of wild bi^asts and torn to ))ieces by dogs, and 
others were .--meared with stuff that woulil burn easily, and 
burned by night in the Emp(;ror s gardmis, whili; he drove his 
chariot by tlu^ light of tlui flanlesi Tho.se were dn adlul d;iys 
for the followers of Jesus. 

While alluding to i)oi.soning we will mention a singular law 
which prevailed, it is said, in the i.^land of ('eos, in the iEgean 
sea, that jiart of the Mediten-ancan sea now called the Archi- 
l)elago. This law required all jiersoiis who h:id jiasscd tin; age 



of .sixty years to commit suicide by taking poison, which al- 
ways stood ready prepared in the market-place. This, however, 
is supposed to have been a law applying to the poor, who 
might in their old age become dependent upon the state for 
their sujiport. That was a bad country to be in, if one was 
poor and friendless and old as well. Such a law could not 
have prevailed among alkind-hearted, liberal peojile. It must 
be very painful to be dependent upon the charity of others in 
one's old age, when the .strength and vigor of life have passed; 
but with what feelings must the poor and friendless have 
looked forward to the approach of their sixtieth year, when 
in.stead of the pleasing prospect of living to see their posterity 
grow up around them, they knew they must remove them- 
.selves out of the way by their own hand in drinking poison! 



ERR,\TUjr. — In the article on the last page of the last num- 
ber of the JUVKNILE In.stiuictoh, headed "A Funny Bird," 
"Austria"' should have been Australia. 



S$I(tcl^& |5u^li?l|. 



OHiESTisr cjTTiisra-, 



Wo waked in the dusky morning, 

Ronald, and Rose, and I, 
When the grass was crisp in the meadow.i, 

And tlie stars were still in the sky ; 
And whispering softly together, 

We crept down the creaking stair, 
For we knew how the gusty weather 

Was shaking the chestnuts bare. 

The baskets hung by the chimney, 

Liittle and big, in a row ; 
"I'll take the biggest," said Ronald, 

"For boyi? are strong, you know ; 
I can climb a tree like a squirrel. 

And gather the ripest and best ; 
I can carry them home on my shoulder. 

And never once stop to rest." 

Hurrah! how the wind was blowing. 

Fresh, and frosty, and keen, 
As we ran with a shout through the fallows. 

And the fields of stubble between ; 
We crossed the brook by the meadow, 

We climbed the hill by the wood. 
And there in the brightening morning, 

The ranks of the chestnuts stood. 

O, ho! the gnarly old giants ! 

We called them goblins of old ; 
Tlie nuts were their precious Jewels, 

The leaves were the yellow gold. 
We plundered the prickly caskets. 

Unlocked by the fairy Irost, 
And laughed as we heaped our baskets 

With treasures the goblins lost. 

We have all grown old together, 

Ronald, and Itose, and I, 
Yet oft in the autumn weather, 

When the dawn is faint in tlie sky, 
I start from my quiet dreaming, 

And think I can hoar it still, 
The sound of the chestnuts dropping. 

Far up on the windy hill. 



:S-^«^- 






^^ 



J TJ "V^ E 3Sr I Xj E IITSTILTJOTOK/, 



-^iii 



14:9 



THIE JLVJ^LA-ISrOHIE. 



OUR readers will become familiar with Swiss scenery 
we give them so many engravings from subjects in 
that land. Switzerland is a land of grand scenery and of 
stirring events, and it affords scope for the artist's pencil 
and brush. The scene which we give in this number is 
w e 1 1-d e 8- 
c'r i b e d by 
the artist; 
we take it in 
at a glance. 
If we are 
familiar 
with occur- 
rences of 
this kind, 
we need 
n o t h i n g 
written t o 
explain the 
subject to 
us ; but our 
j II V e n i 1 e s 
r e q u i r e 
some words 
of explana- 
tion. They 
s e'e the 
family run- 
ning, fol- 
lowed by 
the sheep. 
They are on 
a down-hill 
grade, and 
if the little 
folks are 
not careful, 
running at 
suehaspeed 
they will be 
apt to tum- 
ble, and a 
fall in their 
situation 
might be 
atten d e d 
with fearful 
consequen- 
ces. What 
a look of 
anxiety 
there is on 
the mothers 
face, as peer- 
ing steadily 
ahead, per- 
haps for a 
place of 
shelter, slie 
presses her 

babe to her breast and luirrics! on. Tlie foremost boy is 
doing his best to get out of the way ; the other boy wlio 
has liold of his mother's skirt keeps up pretty well ; but 
that little girl is in an awlcward position. Slie does not 
know how to run very well, and she clings to her mother 
as though she was afraid of falling. 




We see the mother and the children, but where is the 
father? Perhaps he has gone down to the village in the 
valley, or he may have gone hunting. If he is in the 
valley, what must his feelings be when he hears the roar 
of the avalanche; and thinks of the danger of his wife and 

little ones? 
Or, if he has 
gone hunt- 
i n g, how 
shocked he 
will be 
when he 
returns and 
li n d 8 his 
cabin bur- 
ied up, and 
no trace of 
his loved 
ones! 
In the pic- 
ture you see 
th e large 
masses of 
rock des- 
cending 
from the 
mountain ; 
the house, 
from which 
the family 
has escaped 
is crushed ; 
the o u t- 
bouse, from 
which the 
sheep are 
coming, is 
partly sFlat- 
tered, a n d 
the whole 
place is like- 
ly to be des- 
t r o y e d. 
This is the 
work of the 
avalanche. 
"The Ava- 
laiiche— the 
tlmnderbolt 
of snow." 

They are 
common in 
the moun- 
tains called 
the Alps. 
These 
mountains 
are very 
steep, and 
the large 

bodies of snow which collect there are liable to become 
loosened; then they commence sliding, increasing in 
speed as they descend and carrying everything before 
tliem. Sometimes helpless travelers are buried in a tor- 
rent) of snow, and whole villages are battered down by a 
shower of rocks. 







150 



J-TJ^EnsriLE liTSTIR/TJCTOI^, 



f 



^ 



la our picture it seems to be a sliower of roclis which 
is falling. It is frequently the case that frost and 
thaws detatch masses of tliese rocks, they roll down the 
side of the mountain with resistless fury, shivering into 
fragments everything opposed to them, overwhelming 
men, cattle and houses in one common ruin. Let us 
hope the family in the engraving will eseape in (safety. 

Where avalanches consist of light, dry snow persons 
have lived under them for some time; especially if the 
houses on which they full are not crushed; but wlien 
formed by the damp adhesive snow which begins in a 
small rolling body, and increases in size and in velocity 
every time it rolls over, the destruction is frequently 
dreadful. Such avalanches take up in their progress 
loose rocks and earth, and, rushing downward, clear 
away forests, and sweeping ott', not only houses and 
villages, but the very lands on which they stand. In 
the year 1500 it is stated that one hundred men were 
buried by one of these avalanches, in the great St. Ber- 
nard mountain; and in 1624, iu Italian Switzerland, 
three hundred soldiers were thus engulfed ; many of 
them, however, were afterwards dug out alive. In 1749, 
the village of Ruaras was carried away by au ava- 
lanche. One hundred men were covered by it, sixty- 
ilve of whom were dug out alive; and, strange to state, 
several of the houses, though removed to some distance 
from the place where they originally stood, were so little 
shaken, that persons sleeping within them were not 
awakened. Au awful avalanche occurred in Canton Sch- 
weitz, on September 3rd, 1800. It destroyed three villages. 
A projection of the mountain of Rossberg, which was 
called the Spitzberg, rose 2,000 feet above the valley and 
lake of Lowertz, became loosened from its foundations 
in consequence of long prevailing winds. The huge mass 
slid downward, not very rapidly at first, but like a mighty 
ship which was being launched. It seemed as though 
the whole side of th3 mountain slid down. The sandstone 
and limestone at the bottom broke with the shock into frag- 
ments and spread with great rapidity and fearful destruc- 
tion upon all objects around. In less than four minutes, 
it is said, three villages were completely overwhelmed, 
with' portions of two others, and more than 1,400 people 
were buried alive. A tract of three miles square, of one 
of the most delightful valleys in Switzerland, was in- 
stantly converted into a barren waste. Rude heaps of 
stones and eartli covered its farms and villages, lying in 
desolat* hills iu the centre of the valley. They spread 
across to tlie opposite mountain, climbing far up its side, 
and a portion of the falling mass plunged into the lake, 
and tilled up a considerable part of it. 

It is an avalanche of rocks that has disturbed this family 
in our engraving, but we think it is not a very .serious 
one, and we hope tbe folks were more frightened than 
hurt. 



OOLTJil^dllNr. 



r^. 



The followinr/ article was written and read before a Ocn- 
eral Meeting nf the Vuiing Ladies' Retrenchment Asso- 
ciation, tijj ^fiss ,S'. J^. liassell, of the lUth Ward Associa- 
tion. 

Aa it has been recommended for the young ladies to 
write articles for our mutual improvement, I cheerfully 
respond by 8ul)mittlng a few thought-s on the object and 
aims of the Dress Retrenchment Association. 

We feel a deep interest in tlie success of this undertak- 
ing, and knowing the opposition we have' to meet, and 



the difficulties to l.nbor under, we call upon all who feel 
an interest in the future welfare, not only of Zion's daugh- 
ters, but her sons also, for that which is a benefit and 
blessing to the one is the same to the other. 

There is implanted within us a love of the beautiful, 
and a desire to please those whose friendship and good 
wishes we prize ; to learn in what true beauty consists, 
and to try to gain this much coveted gem, discarding all 
base counterfeits, is one of our aims. 

We are trying to realize and to get our associates to do 
the same, that the beauty of the face and form, depends 
upon the beauty and perfection of the spirit, that earth's 
most costly gems and .apparel alone cannot accomplish 
this. 

Gold can purchase the riches and splendor of this world; 
these may insure homage and pleasure for a day, but they 
are of the earth, and with her they will pass away. 

We seek for treasures more precious and lasting than 
these; we seek for that which gold can neither buy nor 
sell. 

A few in our midst have watched with pain the rapid 
growth of the power of fashion and frivolity, have seen 
with sorrow our young, and many of mature years drawn 
into this whirlpool, which soon will bring misery and 
ruin to its victims. 

We are now called upon to cease from these follies, or 
forfeit our right to the blessing of our Father in heaven ; 
the few cannot accomplish this, but the united strength 
of Zion can. 

Realizing the great influence parents have over their 
children, we call upon them to aid in this reform ; teach 
them the true value of the things of this world, and the 
value of true wisdom and knowledge; teach them that 
blessed are the meek and pure in spirit— that in blessing 
others we are blessed. 

It is natural to think the ways of our parents are right, 
and I think if thej^ could realize how much depends upon 
them they would guard more closely their words and 
actions. 

How often we hear the expression "My mother taught 
me this, and I think it is right and best." 

We call upon the young men to aid us, for they can do 
much ; if they would have wives and sisters worthy of 
the name, they should help to teach that which consti- 
tutes true womanly worth ; they should not in the ball 
room pay all the attention to the rutlles, thus encouraging 
the wearing of them, and discouraging the plain and 
modest dress ; for nothing less than an angel could feel 
very well to be slighted and neglected, especially iu com- 
pany. We have heard gentlemen s.ay, "Oh, these fashion- 
able butterflies will do to dance and flirt with in the ball 
room, but that is all they are good for." If the gentlemen 
would cease to flatter their vanity, there wouUl be fewer of 
that class amongst us. 

Last, but not least, we appeal to the girls, for to us 
direct the burthen of this reform has come. Will we 
honor the resolutions to which many of us have signed 
our names ; or will we prove true tlie words of many, who 
have said that this attempt would prove a failure? 

I say let us by our conduct regain and strengthen the 
confidence of those whose faith in us is weak; let us study 
ourselves, and the duties we should perform, learn to live 
for the good of others, and not for ourselves alone. 

When we are called upon to lay by these mortal bodies, 
we do not wish to feel that we have lived in vain, that no 
one has been Idcssed l>y our coming, and none will regard 
our deparUire. 

It is a mistaken idea that wealth and fine clothes bring 
happiness; it is oftener the case that'tliey destroy it. 

A consciousness of duties performed to the best of our 



U 
m 



'^' 



_^5 

1 




•^^t 



m 



Cr TJ "V^ E I<r I Hi E UtTSTS^TJOTOI?/. 



151 



abilities, to God, our fellow-beings ami ourselves, with a 
aoMe aim in life gives the most enduring happiness, gives 
tlie greatest strength to bear life's trials bravely. 

Let us now awake from our slumbers, and see that our 
lamps are trimmed and burning, and not let them go out 
in darkness ; let us honor and defend the principles and 
resolutions we have adopted, sow good seed in the hearts 
of our fellow-beings, and trust to the great harvest day 
for our reward. 

Sakaii E. Russell, 

Salt Lake City, September, 1870. 



^iopajill]. 



:pi^o:ph:et. 



THE 




^OLONEL Fellows and Captain Jonas, 
the Governor's Commissioners, after 
leaving Nauvoo went to Carthage and 
from there to Warsaw. They were 
joined at the latter town by Colonel 
Wood, the mayor of Quincy, and other 
gentlemen. They laid the object of their 
visit before the people of Warsaw, and 
Mr. Jonas made a speech to them in a 
iblic meeting which had been called. He 
quested them to say whether they would 
ipport Governor Ford in enforcing the law 
id upholding the Constitution, and they 
i.Tnimously refused to give the pledge. The 
same sentiment was expressed afterwards to the 
commissioners by O. C. Skinner, a lawyer, who 
professed to speak in the name of the citizens 
of Hancock county. 
If any person had wished to know which was right and 
which was wrong-the "Mormons," or their enemies— in 
the troubles which existed in Hancock county, the pro- 
ceedings at the meetings attended by the Commissioners 
at Navcvoo and at Wareaw would have given him the 
n(=cessary evidence. In the pres(?nce of the great and ter- 
rible wrongs which they had endured, and which were 
well calculated to exasperate and drive them to the com- 
niissiou of acts of violence, the Latter-day Saints, with a 
high re^rd for the rights of their fellow citizens, and a 
d'esiiTc to maintain peace, had agreed to sustain the Gover- 
aoraudthe laws in all righteousness, to take no private 
KiV^nge and to leave their cause with God. The jieople 
'of Carthage and Warsaw had been the aggressors in every 
instance; they had formed themselves into mobs, had 
threatened the lives of the Saints, and had committed 
foul and bloody murder, and now refused to sustain the 
Governor in enforcing the law and upholding the Con- 
stitution. This was in keeping with all their previous 
conduct. They had not been disturbed in tlie least of 
Mwir rights; they did as they pleased; if a Latter-day 
Saint said or did anything that they thought interfered in 
the least with them, they raised a great outcry. While the 
Saints wore peaceably building houses, making gardens, 
Ijlantiijg orcljards, opening farms and rearing a beautiful 
OJty, striiL'tly attending to their own business, these men 
who now openly refused to sustain the Governor and the 
iaws, were making speeches, writing bitter articles, band- 
ing themselves together as njobs, and doing all in their 
power to create excitement ju the country against the 



Saints and to bring about their destruction. By their 
refusal to meet the wishes of the Governor's commis- 
sioners they plainly exhibited the spirit of mobocracy 
which filled them. 

What they wanted, and what they seemed determined 
to have, was the entire removal of the Saints from Han- 
cock county. Not satisfied with killing Joseph and Hy- 
rum, they were eager for more victims. They had tasted 
blood, and their appetite was awakened, and like wolves, 
they panted for more. They said either the "Mormons" 
or, as they styled themselves, "the citizens" must leave 
the county, and that sooner or later one must go, even if 
foroe was necessary to accomplish it. Such a result as 
their leaving the county never entered their minds; for 
they knew very well that the Saints would never attempt 
to force them away. They fully calculated upon the 
"Mormons" going, even if they had to use violence 
to drive them out. They were "the citizens," the Saints 
were only the "Mormons." 

They sent a comtnittee to Governor Ford, to inform him 
of their fixed conviction that it was necessary one of the 
parties should leave the county, and desired him to decide 
which should go. This kind of talk was barefaced decep- 
tion, yet it deceived nobody. It was well known that the 
design of these men was to drive the Saints from their 
homes and lands, and that, while they lived, they would 
never be content until they had accomplished this. But 
this committee's speech puzzled poor Ford. He told them 
that it was not for him to decide such a question. He 
could not order any body of citizens, he said, whether 
"Mormons'' or anti Mormons, out of the county or State. 
With such a reply as this he was doubtless very glad to 
get them away. Had he been a man of nerve, and dis- 
posed to do right, he would have given them a reply 
which they would probably have respected mere than 
they did this. But they knew very well he was afraid of 
them, that he dare not do anything to interfere with them, 
and they despised him, and acted as though he was not in 
existence, except when it suited their purposes to use 
him. 

In a letter which Governor Ford wrote about this time, 
and sent to Nauvoo, he urged upon the people the neces- 
sity of being passive and unresisting, holding over their 
heads the terrors of mob violence if they did not hold their 
peace. He then proceeded to tell what he was pleased to 
call "the naked truth." He declared it was not with any 
design of insulting their misfortunes, but "in a pui'e spirit 
of friendly concern for the peace and safety of all who 
repose under the shade of our political fig tree." Said 
he: 

"The naked truth then is, that most well-informed persons 
condemn in the most unqualified manner the mode in which 
the Smiths were put to death, but nine out of every ten of such 
accompany the expression of their disapprobation by a naani- 
festation of their pleasure that tiey are dead. The disap- 
proval is most unusually cold and without feeling. It is a 
disapproval which appears to be called for, on their part, by 
decency, by a respect for the laws and a horror of mobs, but 
does not flow warm from the heart. The unfortunate victflna 
of this assassination were generally and thoroughly hated 
throughout the country, and it is not reasonable to suppose 
that their death has produced any reaction in the public mind 
resulting in active sympathy; it you think so, you are mis- 
taken. Most that is said on the subject is merely from the 
teeth out; and your people may depend on the fact, that 
public feeling is now, at this time, as thoroughly against them 
as it has ever been." 

Governor Ford ought to bo good authority for a state- 
ment of this kind, and we quote it here to show how wide 
spread was the guiltiness of the people in approving of 
the shedd-ng of that innocent blood which yet stains the 
floor of Carthage jail and the soil of the State of Illinois. 
In this letter ho acknowledges that the Saints had behaved 



* 




15S 



J" XJ "V" E HiT I L E Il^STIS/TJOTOI^ 



•^^t 



well, much better than could have been expected under 
the circumstances ; but if a mob should come against 
them, he could not protect them. He admitted that if he 
called upon the "Mormons" themselves, he would have a 
reliable force; but if he should do so, he thought it would 
lead to civil war, in which Nauvoo might be utterly des- 
troyed. "You may be disposed to .isk," said he, "What 
use is there for.law and government if these things be so ? 
I answer you, that cases like the present do not seem to 
be fully provided for by our Constitutions." 

Strange views these, for a man who wished to be 
thought a statesman to entertain of the authority of the 
government! Of what value would law and government 
be were such views to prevail among rulers? The minor- 
ity, if unpopular, would be more likely to receive justice 
from a band of Indians than from a nation where Gover- 
nors held such opinions and acted upon them. 

His letter could be summed up in a few words: "You 
are Mormons, you are unpopular, your enemies may come 
upon you and kill you. If so I can not help you. If I 
were to call upon you to defend j'ourselves, it might breed 
civil war, so you must hold still ; do not offend the mob, 
let them insult you, trample upon you, kill you ; but be 
passive, be good citizens, submit to the laws. The mob 
threaten; but you must not ; if t'vo or three of you do, you 
will all be held equally guilty. The mobbers can kill, 
destroy and make as much disturbance as they please ; 
but there is no punishment for them. They are above the 
law." 



THE 



[For the Juvenile Inijtrurtor. 



Ij^.XR away in the southern part of Asia is found a 
country, hidden away among the high mountains 
of the mighty Himalaya, called Tibet, with its large and 
beautiful capital city, Lla.ssa, of which there is comparatively 
very little known in the outside world, only that its inliabit- 
ants, like all mountain i)eoi)Ie, have an unconiiuerablo 
love for freedom and independence, which they liave 
understood and maintained f(jr ages, in spite of all tlie 
efTorts of jiowerful con(juerors, who from time to time 
have swept over the Asiatic regions; and further, that they 
weave and export a fine cloth, made from tlie almost 
silken hair of their goats, and which is called after the 
name of the country itself. Their chief ijceuliarity, how- 
ever, is their 8tate organization and the head of the same. 

Tin-: n.vLAi i.ama. 
Their government is a kind of theocracy, or a form of 
government where i>riests rule according to heaven-given 
laws, or supposed to be such. The Dalai Lama, or liead 
|)riest, resiides in a very large monastery-like residence 
near Llassji, and rules not only over the four million inliab- 
itants of Tibet, but is like the Pope in Home, Die spiritual 
head of a great many millions of people, who live (linnigh- 
out Asia, belonging to tliat extensive heathen religion, 
"I^amaism," wliich counts its devotees at more than 
three hundred millions of people. They lielieve in such a 
inulfitude of gods that notone of their most learned jM'iests 
even could know or remember <hem all, and they have, 
therefore, invented a prayer mai'hine, in which a long 
strip of paper contains the names of tlie most important 
go<ls, several thousands in number. Tliis long strip of 
paiwr, wound around a little wheel, they keep i)ulling to 
and fro, which performance answers for their prayer, 
supposing that each god and all others in his (;la.ss will Ik^ 
satisfied when his name turns up. During these prayers 
they carry on every other kind of conversation. All' the 
roaming tribes of Central Asia, as the Calmucks, llusli- 
kires, Mongols, many of the Chint«e and others belong to 
that religion. IJut the most astonishing feature in lli;it 
faith is the head itself, the aforesaid Dalai I^anni; for, in 
the first instance, he is immortal; that is to say, believed 



to be so, by all his faithful subjects and adherents. When 
he gets old, he only changes his body, as the priests assure 
them, and appeare all of a sudden in the shape of a young 
man again. This transaction is considerably faciiitateil 
by a large number of young boys, kept constantly on hand 
and taken from all parts of the country, having been 
bought from their parents. They must all be faultless in 
their body, of certain features, eyes, hair and stature; are 
educated with great pains in the sciences, foreign langu- 
ages, as Latin, Greek, English, French, etc., and, above 
all, in the mysteries of their religion. In these studies 
they are assisted greatly by the use of the grand library of 
Llassa, wliich is said to be one of the greatest in the whole 
world. As already mentioned, when the Dalai Lama has 
changed his old body for a younger one, he continues his 
labors and mode of living, his name and surroundings as 
before, as if nothing had happened, and the former com- 
panions of the new body become priests, counselors of 
state, etc. What becomes of the old man, the priests only 
know. They are all dressed in white. When Prince 
Waldemar of Prussia visited the Dalai Lama, some twenty 
years ago, he was astonished to find a man who, although 
all his people rendered him divine worship and prostrated 
themselves before him whenever he appeared, conversed 
with him quite freely on matters of science and European 
politics, and proved to be a man of fine education and 
great intellectual attainments, courteous and of polished 
manners, as if he had moved in the court circles of Paris 
and London all his life. 

Here we have among those heathen nations a i^riest- 
king like the Pope of the Catholic Church in Home. One 
pretends to be immortal, the other declares that he is 
infallible; that is, he cannot err; both claiming, there- 
fore, attributes belonging only to heavenly beings; both 
rule over devotees who are taught not to think for them- 
selves, but to render the most implicit obedience to every- 
thing which their priests, be it ever so monstrous, may 
require of them; and these priests are not part of the 
people, to share with them the same duties and obliga- 
tions, but on the contrary are a select and privileged CJiste, 
organized among themselves and for their own purposes. 
In both religions is the worship of what they consider the 
divinity secondary to the obedience to their priests, and 
these are trying to obtain al! possiblu knowledge and 
information for themselves, endeavoring with all their 
might to keep the rest of the people in ignorance, to keep 
them the more effectually in subjection. 

To such monstrous beliefs can the human mind stray 
when left without the guidance of the spirit of revelation ; 
and in whatever luime or under whatever pretence men 
may seek the power over others, if that power ami inllu- 
ence has not been conferred and is not .sustained by the 
Heavens in reality, it must lead to misery, darkness and 
tinal destruction; it will hem in human progress and 
dwarf the mind of man to the standard of menials and 
slaves. Hut wherever the Lord has inspired men to com- 
municate his will to the inhabitants of the earth and 
given them authority to administer His laws and the 
ordinances of the gospel of salvation to His faithful people, 
life, light and love come out every where like beautiful 
llower.s, herbs, plants and blossoms under the awakening 
rays of the sun in INIay ; the .soul exi)ands and feels itself 
nearer to its tied, and all the virtues are nourished to 
ripen into a rich harvest. The Lord blesses the land, and 
makes the rough jilaces smooth for his people. This, () 
children of Zion, is our hajipy lot, wliitdi we enjoy under 
the guidance of Prophets, Apostles and fMders, under the 
inlluence of the Holy Spirit, which shall lead us into all 
truth. K. O. M. 



J-XJ^7-EiTIIL.E I2NrSTK.TJCTOI^ 

Is publisliod in Salt Lake Cily, tJtali Territory, 
i:Vi:ltY OTHKH SATUHIIAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON . ED ITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum ?.'5 00. 

Sinyle 0>pn, for fli.c Monl/vi 1 50. 

»*- Cr.-iin liroii;,-lit to thin City for tin- .TijVKSii.r. Instkuctok wiU be 
rccciviU lit the- ofliic of our pa|nr-DEsi'.iiiiT Nkwh DtiiLDi.Noa. 



■V^ 



^c^- 



■^^^^ 



3o; 



