
VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 15, 1876. 



NO. 20. 



J^ li^OIX: HITJITT, 




HERE we have a scene that is purely English. A fox hunt 
has been called the king of British national sports. There 
are no less than one hundred hunting establishments iu Great 
Britain, which are in most instances supported by subscription, 
though in some cases they are owned by private gentlemen of 
great wealth and influence. These establishments are sup- 
ported at an immense expense, as a single "pack" of fox- 
hounds .sometimes costs several thousand pounds, English 
money. The 
sport is indulged 
in only by the 
"nobility" and 
'"gentry," as the 
wealthy classes, 
who do not have 
to work for a 
living, are there 
called, and a.s a 
sport it ha.s little 
to recomnicnd it, 
excejit the prac- 
tice iu horseman - 
.ship and the 
healthful exercise 
which it affords. 
The exercise, 
however, might 
easily be obtained 
by any of its dev- 
otees without any 
expense by engag- 
ing in a iitth- man- 
ual labor. It may 
be said, however, 
in extenuation of 
the practice, that 

!i great portion of th.- money spent by the rich in keeijing up 
these hunting establi-lmicnts goes to benefit the poor, as huii- 
dreils and tliipu>aiid- of tlicni arc iiirMi-hcii cniploymctit in 
laring for the horses and hounds, iircserviiig the game, etc. 
But, on the other hand, there is much to (■ondcmn the sport. 
In the first place, it can scarcely be considcri-d human.' to tor- 
ture any animal iinnecc,s.-arily bcfnre killing it, even if it is a 
ravencus and dcstrurlive beast, and as such considered to be 
leser^iiig of death. Bui the harm is not confined to this; the 




whole troop of riders, headed by the fox hounds, often gallop 
through the country after the fox, over hedges, fences and 
ditches, and through farms, gardens and meadows, causing 
much damage to the crops of poor people. In this the hun- 
ters have the .support of the law, as "though in general all 
persons who go upon another's lands without permission are 
trespassers in the eye of the law, yot there are some ca-ses 
where the trespass is said to be justifiable, and the common 

law warrants the 
hunting of raven- 
ous bcast.s of prey, 
as badgers and 
foxes, in anotlier 
man's land, be- 
cause the dicstroy- 
ing such creatures 
is said to be profit- 
able to the pub- 
lic." The prin- 
cipal objction, 
though, to the 
sport is that large 
tracts of land, 
comprising thous- 
ands of acres, 
owned by the rich, 
that might other- 
wise be put to 
Koiiie good ufc, 
arc allowed ti> 
grow wild, uncul- 
tivati'd and com- 
lianitivcly useless, 
merely to furnish 
scope for tlie 
chase, where 
foxes and such other pests are carefully rcare<l iind preserved 
lor the sport of the owners and their friends. Bui nolwith- 
slandiiig the objections urged against fox liiinlini.', it lia.s bct'ii 
for a great many years, ami is yet, in many parts of Mnglaml, 
a very popular sport among the higher clas.-rs of Mnglisli 
society, and, indeed, is mucli enjoyed by niiuiy of the poorer 
claxKCs too, as spectatorH. Probably one reason why the latter 
clasHCK enjoy it is thai on .'■uch uccasions numerous chances are 
afforded them of performing small services, suih as the open 





S30 



J- TJ "V" E :^TI L E insrSTI^/TJOTOI^. 




ing of gates, etc., for those who engage in the sport, for which 
they are almost sure to be well paid by the liberal huuters. 
Then, too, the latter are generally magnanimous enough to 
reimburse quite handsomely the owner of the land where '"the 
death" occurs for the damage done to crops or land, and the 
amount given him often by far exceeds the value of the dam- 
age done. 

The men are not the only ones who indulge in the sport, 
but ladies too, though none are shown in the engraving, fre- 
quently take part in it; and it sometimes happens that they 
rival the men in the management of their horses and keeping 
up in the chase. 

The fox in the engraving is represented scampering through 
a turnip field, followed closely by the hounds, frightening 
almost to death a flock of sheep. The leading rider is 
called the "huntsman," whose busine.ss is to look after the 
hounds and urge them on by swinging his cap or blowing his 
horn when necessary, and to restrain heedless liders from 
following too closely after the pack. 

When the fox is killed, which sometimes does not happen 
until he has been chased for several hours, though generally 
about an hour and a half, the rider who is first "in at the 
death" — generally the huntsman — springs from his horse, 
lashes the hounds away, and cuts ofi' the head, feet (pads), 
and tail (brush). He then flings the carcass to the hounds, 
and it is torn to pieces and devoured in a few minutes. The 
"brush" is usually presented to any lady that may happen to 
be in at the death, or is claimed as a trophy by one or other of 
the gentlemen present. The "pads" are also distributed 
among those who may wish to preserve a memento of the 
chase. 



EISTTOiynOXjOCB- Y-3sro. lO. 



BY Vr. D. JOHNSON, JTN. 



OKTHOPTERA. 




As stated in a former article, insects belonging to the order 
of orthoptera are so called because they have wings that 
lie straight along the back— the word orthoptera meaning 
straight-winged. 

Those destructive insects called grasshoppers in this country 
belong to this order. In the Bible, and many other books, 
they are called locusts, and have been from high antiquity, as 
they attracted the attention of mankind in those early times 
by their extensive and lamentable ravages. In this country, 
the name of locust has been very improperly applied to the 
cicada of the ancient Greeks or the harvest flies of J^ngland. 

The name of locust is now given to that family of grass- 
hoppers that do such damage to vegetation in this and other 
countries. 

To the orthoptera belong the earwigs, crickets, grass- 
hoppers, "walking sticks" and "leaves," ".sooth,<ayer.s" and 
cockroaches. The wings of these insects are folded straight 
along the back in narrow plaits like a fan; they are also covered 
with a pair uf thick wing-like numbers, which, in the grass- 
lioi)per-^ and locusts are long and narrow, and lie lengthwise 
along the sides of the body, and .slope on each side like the 
roof of a house. In the cockroaches the wingf lie horizontally 
on the top of the back. Those of the crick'/ts are like the 
cockroaches only they have a narrow border which folds per- 
pendicularly down the sides of the body. 



All the insects of this order have transversly movable jaws. 
They undergo only a partial transformation; the young, or 
larvw, very much resemble the grown insects. They move 
about and feed like their parents. They change their skin six 
times before coming to maturity. Cockroaches are what 
scientific men call omnivorous, as they eat anything eatable, 
whether animal or vegetable. 

The mantes, or "soothsayers," are the only insects of this 
order that are beneficial to man, as they devour caterpillars 
and other noxious insects of the garden. All others of this 
order are vegetable feeders, as they live on grass, fruit, flowers 
and leaves, or bark of trees; and, as many of our readers are 
aware, they are capable of doing great damage, as they often 
appear in immense swarms. 

The sub-order of orthoptera, by some naturalists has been 
divided into four large groups, viz: the "cursoria," meaning 
runners, which embrace the earwigs and cockroaches, as they 
have legs well fitted for rapid motion; the "raptoria," or 
graspers, including the mantes or praying insects, as the 
shanks of the fore legs are capable of being folded up on the 
underside, which is armed with spines, and thus forms an 
instrument for seizing their prey; the "ambulatoria," or 
walkers, like the spectres, or "walking sticks" and "leaves," 
as they have long and weak legs fit only for slow movements; 
and the "saltatoria," or jumpers, such as the crickets, grass- 
hoppers and locusts, which have the hind legs enlarged and 
filled with powerful muscles, which enable them to leap with 
facility. 

Of the runners we have, I think no representative in this 
Territoiy; but in the Eastern States they are quite abundant. 
The cockroaches of the east have become quite famous on 
account of their habits of tasting and getting into everything 
that is good in the victual line. They infest cellars, closets 
and cupboards. They are disagreeable smelling insects. Their 
native country is Asia. 

We have one species of the graspers in this country. It is 
called "mantes Carolina." The ancients called these insects 
mantes, or ' soothsayers, ' ' as they have the curious habit of 
sitting for hours upon plants and trees, with the front part of 
the thorax elevated, and the fore legs held up together like a 
pair of arms, ready to seize any insect that may come within 
reach. While in this position it was .supposed they were in 
the act of praying. These insects are generally two inches in 
length; although in tropical countries they attain a larger size. 
The thorax is elongated into a neck nearly one half the length 
of the whole body; the head is furnished with short hair-like 
antenna; and three eyelets; the common eyes are large and 
globular. The color of the body varies from green to shades 
of dark slate. They are familiarly known as "camel crickets;" 
a great many are found in the garden on different plants, and sub- 
sist on other inserts, and are therefore valuable to the gardener. 
They are the most peculiar and interesting of all this group, 
being easily tamed, and soon learning to take flies from the hand. 
With their large eyes they stare and look at you in a most 
comical way; while doing so they often sway their body to and 
fro, and cause you to laugh at their queer antics. The writer 
has one which is quite fame. He has kept it in a cage and fed 
it flies fir over a month. 



IfLVoKANrE .\xti Yioi.ENfK. — There never was any party, 
faction, sect, or cabal whatsoever, in which the most ignorant 
were not the most violent; for a bee is not a busier animal than 
a blockhead. 





a"Tj"V"E3:tsrirjEi iitsti^tjotoi?. 



231 




% ^ri^to ^ttti ^nli^ode^. 



CHAPTER XX 



BY HUGH KNOUGH. 




UNTIL within the past few years, traveling was very tedious 
and disagreeable in New Zealand. The country having 
so large an extent of coast line, dense forests, wide and rapid 
rivers; together with its mountainous nature and the constant 
warfare carried on by or with the natives made it anything 
but safe or agreeable for travel by land; and so steamships were 
emp'oyed to convey passengers and freight from one pro\-ince 
to another. Now it is very different; for a well built railroad 
stritches from one end of the Middle Island to the other, and 
the same great improvement in transit is being pushed ahead 
in the North Island. These railroads are built, owned and 
controled by the colonial government, as vlUo are the telegraph 
lines, which intersect the country in all directioas. To give 
an idea of the extent of the latter enterprise, in the year 1ST3, 
there were 4,574 miles of wire stretched in the colony. 

The government grants life assurance and annuities on the 
security of its revenue, and this business of late, has grown 
into gigantic proportions, the colonists having full faith in this 
sure mode of investment, and looking out for a rainy day. 

There is another institution peculiar to the New Zealand 
government, called the Public Trust Office. A public trustee 
is appointed to insure the faithful discharge of trusts, and at 
the same time to relieve persons from being obliged to burden 
their friends with the responsibilities of trustees. Further, 
the public trust act substitutes a permanent officer for guardian; 
also the charge of intestate estates and estates of lunatics are 
vested in the public trustee. This novel branch of govern- 
ment responsibility works most admirably, it being a great 
relief to individuals who were otherwise likely to be burdened 
with the care of estates. 

An institution established by the government. Las jiroved a 
great boon to the working clas.ses; I refer to the jjost office 
savings bank. The princii»al postoffii^es thus add the business 
of a banking house, with the government as banker, where 
small sums are received on deposit, and on which a liberal 
rate of intere.st is allowed. The means of transfer of depo.sits 
from one part of the country to another is made ea.sy, and 
without inconvenience to the depositor, so that every induce- 
ment is offered to the working man to be thrifty and saving; 
and the lar^je amounts of deposits held by the government is 
pretty .sure proof that it is a bles-ing to the community. 
Would not similar institutions be a benefit to our own country, 
and their establishment here put a stop to much swindling and 
robbery, beside;: preventing a deal of poverty and heartache? 

A word here on the system of emigration as managed by 
the New Zealand government. There is an ernmeous idea 
that all kinds of bad and worthless characters are sent to this 
country to colonize it, and, in fact, that it was formerly a 
"penal colony," that is, where felons are .sent for imprison- 
ment for a term of years by the British government. New 
Zealand has never been a "penal colony," and the resident 
emigration agent of the New Zealand govoinnient in Knghind, 
has strict iiistructiiuis to .select none but jicrsons recommended 
for their morality, their capacity to be utilized in a newly 
settled country — farmers, mechanics, laborers and single women 



being the choice And besides this, applicant.s are examined 
by a medical board to ascertain whether they are free from 
disease, for if thev are not, they are rejected. Assistance and 
whole passages are provided for the emigrants; the costs of 
which are paid back by them by yearly instalments, ranging 
over a term of seven years, after they arrive in the colony. 
The largest and best sailing vessels are chartered, each carry- 
ing a doctor and school teacher, and when the immigrants 
arrive in port, they are taken to barracks, where they are 
lodged and boarded free of cost, till such time as employment 
is obtained for them. This does not take long, for there is 
such a constant demand for all kinds of help that the barracks 
are emptied nearly as quickly as our own Tithing Offices are, 
soon after being packed with a company of Latter-day Saints, 
just arrived from Europe. In tact, the New Zealand emigra- 
tion system is only .second to the "Mormon" system. On 
board the New Zealand si ips wranglings, thieving, blasphemy, 
uncleanliness and other evils may always be found, things 
which are unknown in a company of "Mormon" emigrants. 
This is where the great difference comes in. Thanks to our 
teachers and the light of the gospel for our superiority in 
this respect; and for which let us bo proud and thankful. 

In visiting the large towns of New Zealand, there will be 
found many fine, handsome public and private buildings, 
built of stone and brick. The streets are wide, lighted with 
gas, and with a good water supplj-. Nearly every province 
has its own local public museum and university. 

The people, being principally natives of Britain, or their 
descendants, follow much after the manners and customs of 
old England. They are fond of amusing and in.structive 
entertainments, so that theatres, concerts, lectures and the 
like, are popular and well patronized. Churches and schools 
are abundant and hand.somely built; the former comparatively 
well filled from a matter of custom or fashion, not from any 
true love of religion. The prevailing denominations are in 
numbers according to the following order: — Church of England, 
Wesleyan, Presbyterian and Roman Cathol ic, with congrega- 
tions of numerous other sects. The natives are converts to 
the popular creed'^, according to locality. I must not forget 
to mention that the government has established churches and 
schools among the Maoris. The churches are a failure, but 
the schools are moderately successful. 

The government .schools of the colony are most admirably 
conducted, having every convenience in the way of room and 
apparatus; school books etc., are supplied by the govcinnicnt 
at a fixed cheap rate. The teachers are thoroughly trained, 
carefully selected and p&id liberal .stipends. It would be im- 
possible there, for a man when unable to get employment at 
anything else, as a last recourse to makea))iilication for a posi- 
tion as school teacher, without having his indrMtiircs (.showing 
his five year's term of training as a teacher) properly endorsed 
and forthcoming, and being ready and willing to be put under 
a strict examination. I speak of what I know, having held 
the mastership, at different times, of the Timaru, Kaiapoi 
and Johnsonvillc government .schools in that country. 

In 1S71, otit of every one hundred children between the age 
of five and fifteen attending school in New Zealand, fifty nine 
could read and write, and nearly seventy-two were attending 
school. 

Last, thou'-'h by no means least, a few words on ibi' mission- 
ary work of the Latter-day Saints in this interesting country. 
The first missionaries — Elders ('ook and F.indnun — ••irrived 
there on or about the year ls:"i(, and established a small branch 
in the proviuce of Wellington. Since then a solitary KM 





3S 



JTJ^EITILE I3^STI?/nOTOT^ 




has occasioually taken a hastj- run down from the Awstralian 
nii&'^iun. and last year quite a nuuilier of missionaries were 
sent direet from Utah to this country. The luemhers of the 
Wellinj-'ton branch have all nalhered to I'tah, and there is 
now only one small branch on the islands, viz: the Kaiapoi, 
and the members of that t:ilk of ([uickly gatheriuir. What 
the success will be of the missionaries now theie, is bard to 
say; although s<)nie write rather di^couraf;iD,l,'ly nf the prospects. 
The gospel has to he preached there to a hard hearted and 
stubborn people, moderately well off in this world's goods, 
having but lately thrown off the restrictions they were .so 
closely bouHd down to while in their native land — Britain. 

I^et us pray that our Elders there may have tha' faith, eon 
st'incy and energy of spirit, that will prevent them from becom- 
ing di.seouraged at the first, or even the second or third repulse; 
but let them put on the armor of t lie gospel in hunibli'ness, 
but full offourage, so that, filled witli the spirit of truth, they 
may fight the good fight and come oft" couqueror.s. 
{To be Continued.) 



Tioisr. 




M.\.vv readers have never heard of ''Graham's Island, " its 
rise and disappearance, and whilst the governments of 
fJreat Britain and Naples were watching its increase, and 
probaVdy preparinir to claim it. Father Neptune, to prevent 
any dispute, turned it from an island which might have been 
resorted to, into a dangerous shoal much t<i be avoided. Now 
for the tale as written in my jourual. 

The Rapid, a brip-ofwar, mounting ten small gUHS, and of 
2W tons, commanded by Captain .Swinburne, a most able and 
zealous officer, was returning to .^Ialta from Marseilles, having 
a few days befi)re, on her pa.s.sage towards the latter place, 
when in company with the liriltunnia. iLIHgun ship, with Sir 
Pulteney .^lalcolm's flag, on her way to Kngland, experienced 
a smart shock of earth<|uake very near the spot which the 
briir had reached at the time the smoke was seen, on the day 
I am alMUit to relate the interesting occurrence. But, in paiis- 
ing. I may as well state that tin,' shock took place about eleven 
at night, and, although lasting only a few seconds, effectually 
startled all hands, waking very promptly those who were 
.sleeping, and all an.fiously awaiting a repetition. Those who 
"occupy their busine** in the great waters, truly see the won- 
ders of the deep." The tremulous and .'■evere vibration was 
a/" if the vcswl had run over .some rocks, with anchors let go, 
and chain cable ninning out with great rapidity: but should 
any of our rea<lers have traveled on the .^Ielro|)olitan I iidi^r- 
gruund lliiilway of I^ondon, and ju.-t dropped off to sleep, and 
felt the brake suddenly applied, and the vibrition uiultigilied 
tenfold, they can imaL'ine exactly what the feeling wa.s. 

On the Isth of July, 1m:;i. the town of .Marsala, in Sicily, 
famed for its wine, was abnut nine miles off, when, at four in 
the afiemoon. a high, irregular column of white smoke or 
•iteaui wa.1 obs^ried, a point or two on the starboard bow. It 
wan first VHilieved it was a ship on fire; we .steered towards it, 
and at a quarter ptiMt eight, having run alMiut thirty miles, 
fla.ihes of the most brilliant light mingled with the smoke 
which wa.M di.-tinctly visible by the light of the m ion, resem- 
bling explosions from (H>wder. In a lew minutes the whole 
column )>«><'ame black, and much larger; almost immediately 
afterwards several su«CH«ive eruptions of lurid fire ro.s*- up 
amid.-t the touokr. They subnided. and the column then 



became gradually white again. As we were nearing it very 
fast, sail was taken in and we hove-to till daylight: every one 
remained up, beholding this grand .scene, nor did any tire at 
witnessing this beautiful, and at times awfully impressive, 
convulsion of nature. At dawn of day we again neared it; 
after each eruption the sea wis seen to be perfectly smooth. 
and nothing to mark the locality from which the eruption took 
place. But at five in the morning, when the smoke had for 
a moment cleared away at the base, .several voices cried out, 
"There is an island !'' A s:iki11 hillock, of a dark color, a few 
feet above the sea, in appearance like a large boat, bottom up. 
gave witness to the birth of the island. This was soon hidden 
again, and was only visible through the smoke at intervals 
between the vi lent eruptions. The volcano was in a constant 
state of activity, and discharging dust and stones, with vast 
volumes of steam. At half-jiast seven the rusbiiiir. hissing 
noise of the eruptions was heard, and at nine we were within 
two miles of it. The island was seen much clearer, and fancy 
led us to believe we saw it increasing after each eruption. 
The water around us was di^colored with dark cinders, and to 
our suiprise the captain announced his intention of proceeding 
in for a thorough exiuiination. There was evidently much 
risk, but he was an officer who inspired a,l uiuler his command 
with the most perfect confidence in his judgment; he had taken 
the time between the eruptions, and having a fast boat and 
good crew, calculated his poTer of being able to pay a visit t« 
the island. We were then just one mile distant, and found 
the water lofl fiithoms deep, and the bottom soft brown mud. 
The captain, keeping on the weather side, reached within 
si.\ty feet of the western side, where there were eighteen 
fathoms of water, and discovered it was a orator composed of 
fine cinders and mud of a dark brown color; within it was to 
be seen v mixture of muddy water, steam and cinders, dashing 
up and down, running into the .sea over the edge of the crater, 
which on its western side was broken down to the level of the 
.sea for ten )r twelve yards; here a really good view of the 
interior was obtained, and red-hot stones, as well as cinders, 
were thrown up a few yards, and fell into it again. But great 
quantities of steam were constantly rising. The island, or 
crater, was about seventy or eighty yards in its external di.anie- 
ter, and the lip as thin as it could be consistent with its hight, 
which was twenty feet at the highest part, and six feet at the 
lowest. No words can describe the grandeur of the scene. 
The process was generally as follows: — Af.er the volcano had 
emitted for seme time its u.sual quantities of white steam, 
suddenly the whole aperture was filled with an enormous 
luass of hot cinders and dust, rushing up to the hi.?ht of some 
hundred feet, with a loud roaring noise, then falling itito the 
sea with a still louder noise, arising from the prodigious quan- 
tity of .steam which instantly burst forth. This steam was at 
first of a brown color, having embodied a great deal of the 
dust; as it ro.sc it gradually recovered it,s pure white color, 
depositing the dust in the shape of mu<ldy rain. Whilst this 
was being accomplished, and renewed eruptions of cinders and 
du-t, with f'orkc(l lightning darting in all ilirections within the 
column, darkened with dust, and distortc<l by sudden gust« 
and whiriwinds. with rattling thunder and imperfect water- 
spouts on the lee side, ushering into existence this new island, 
an eruption on a larger and grander scale took place, and the 
dark iloud like a pall overhung the ves.sel. The wind, origin- 
ally light, left us, ami midday sun and sky were obscured, and 
a very impressive feeling came over us. The sweeps (large 
oars I which these vessels were supplied with were prepared, 
and alarm was felt for our captain and boat's crew. After a 




•^1^- 




JTj^EicTirjE xi<r &t:rtj a rno:Et. 



S33 




few moments' suspense the cloud passed over, and the sun in 
all it-i brightness came forth, showing us the cheering sight of 
our absent crew, not many yards away. On coming on board, 
their faces begrimed with a dark, gritty sparkling powder, 
as well as the large (juantity in the boat, testified how 
thoroughly the examination had been made, at considerable 
risk, by the determination and skill of our excellent captain, 
whose teaching and training has ever been remembered by the 
writer, impressing as he did upon all, by example and precept, 
the spirit as well as the weighty value of the words, 'Duty 
before pleasure." 

On the 20th November, ISol, the Barham^ fifty-gun frigate, 
commanded by Captain Pigot, with the great novelist. Sir 
Walter Scott, on board, vi.sit«d the island, the British Admir- 
alty and Government having fitted her for his comfort and 
passage to Malta, in recognition of his servi es to literature. 
When it was visited, Sir Walter Scott thus wrote; 

"20th November. — It is on the eve of a very important 
change, though in what respect is doubtful. I saw a portion 
ot about five or six feet in length give way under the feet of 
one of our companions, on the yery ridge of the southern 
corner, i'ou know my old talents for horsemanship; finding 
the earth, or what seemed a substitute for it, sink at every 
step up to my knee, .so as to make walking for an old and 
infirm man nearly impossible, I mounted the shoulders of an 
able and willing seaman, and by dint of his exertions rode 
ncariy to the top of the island. We found two dolphins, 
killed — apparently by the hot temperature, and the body of a 
robin redbreast, which seemingly had come off" from the near- 
est land, and such had been the fate of the first attempt to 
stock the iiiland with fish and foul. On the south side the 
volcanic ]iriueiple was still apparently active. The perpetual 
bubbling up from the bottom produces a quantity of steam, 
which rises all round the ba.se of the island, and surrounds it 
as with a cloak when seen from a distance. A gentleman, who 
has visited here repeatedly, is of opinion that it is certainly 
increasing. The atmo.sphere in this new-born island is any- 
thing but odoriferous; brimstone and .such like arc the prevail- 
ing .•savors, to a degree almost suflfocating, Every hole dug in 
the sand is filled with boiling water. " 

A very short period alter thi.^, the island subsided, and the 
following year, lS.j2, the llajiid was .sent to survey the spot. 
We were at anchor two or three days, and in the first night, 
when on watch, I was startled by a shout, "Call the captain sir; 
here's the volcano rising clo.se aboard us!" And there, sure 
enough, was a blazing red light in the direction. But a more 
expcrit'n;-ed old nuartermastor .said, "Hold hard, sir; it is (inly 
the full uKMin. Wa will .soon .see under her, but to satisfy 
yourself come up the rigging, sir," which we did, and proved 
the correctness, more (piickly, of the old .sailor's a.s.nertion. 
He wound up by saying, "Depend upon it, (Iraham's Island 
ha.s gone forever." Now a bhoa! (the crater) lies a few feet 
b<-neath the water, marking the spot over which the Union 
Jack had flown on what wat once Graham's I.sland. — \'ice. 
Admiral flail. 




Bi'T few men comparatively have an opporliiiiity of accumu- 
lating large fortunes; but, when men fail to lay by what is ni'c- 
esrtary for their comfort or indcpendrnci', almost witlioiil 
cK^ption it is owing to their calculations and managi'im iit not 
IxMng right. It is true there Ih a liability to illni;ss, and to 
other overpowering caus<!K; })ut it is not to such things that 
di.sa«troas results, in the majority of ca«es, can Iw attributed. 



^nestion^ anil ^nsirer^ 

onsr THE 
BOOIC OIF 3^ O K/ 3^/^ o 3sr . 



LESSON CXV. 

Q, — Who kept llie record on the plates iiftor Xeplii died? 

A. — His son, Amos. 

Q. — How long did he keep the plates? 

A. — Kighty-four years. 

Q. — Was there peace in the land during nil this tiino' 

A. — A small portion of the people revolted and called them- 
selves Lamanites; with that exception peaca continued to pre- 
vail. 

Q. — Who kept the record after the death .if Amos? 

A. — His son, Amos. 

Q.— In what part of the Cook of Monnoii are these records 
found? 

A.— In the book of Xejihi; because thoy wore kept on the plates 
of Nephi. 

Q. — What bad features began to appear in the year 2017 

A. — A spirit of pride took possession of the rich, and the peo- 
ple became divided into classes. 

Q. — What was the result of this? 

A. — Many churches were established, each diS'ering from the 
true church of Christ. 

Q.— What was done tu the three disciples of Jesus, who were 
living? 

A.— Tliey were cast into jirison, into fires, and into dens of 
wild beasts; but from all these they came furth unharmed. 

Q.— In the year 2:^11 what occurred? 

A. — A great division of the i)eni)le, the true followers of Jesus 
being called Nephites, Jacobites, .Iiisephitos and Zoramites. 

Q. — liy what name were those called who rejected the gosp.O? 

A. —Lamanites, Loniuclitcs and Ishuiaelites. 

03Sr THIS BIBLE. 



Q.— What did Saul say to the Ziphite.s? 

A — "Blessed be ye of the Lord; for ye have compassion on 
me." 

Q —What did Saul tell them to do? 

A. — To make certain where David was, then to let him know 
and he would go with them. 

Q. — Where had David gone, when the men of Zijih returned? 

A. — To the wilderness of Maon. 

Q. — What hiipi>ened while Saul and his men were hunting 
David? 

A. — A messenger cnmu unto him. 

Q. — What did the: messenger say? 

A — "llii.stc Iheo, iind come; for the Philistines have invaded 
the land." 

Q.— What did .Saul then do' 

A.— He "returned from purjuing after David and went against 
the Philistirii's." 

Q —Where did David go after thi.s? 

A. — He "dwell in strongholds at Kn-godi." 

Q. — What did Sau. do alter he iuid returned from following the 
I'hilistinesr 

A — He "tuok three thou.»iind clioson men out of all I'-niel, and 
went to 6e(!k David and liis men u|>on tlio ripcks of the wild 
goats." 

Q. — When .Saul came to a cave by the way, whnl ilid he do? 

A. — III! went in U> eovor liii feet. 

y.— WliiTO Here David and his men at this time' 

A.— They renMiined in the didei of the cave. 

Q. — What did Daviil'd men nay unto him? 

A. — "Itihold the day of whieh llio L.ird aaiil \into ihfo; behold 
I will deliver thine uaoniy into thine hjind, timt thou mnyent do 
to him UH it nhnll Hcem good unto tlieo." 





S34 



0" TJ "V E 3Sr I Hi E IIsT STI^yTJOTOI?. 




^hij Jjuvenilc InstrudDr. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITCni. 



salt lake city, october 15, 1876. 
:eidxto:rxj^il, thzoxjcb-hcts. 




them, 



EWAllp; of the first drink of liquor, of 

wine or of beer. The jirst driiik^ remem- 

ber. If a boy never takes thefirst driitk^ 

he will never take the second, and he will 

never be a drunkard. "Oh," says the 

tempter, "take a drink; it won't hurt you. 

( )ne drink will do you no hariu. " But in 

that jirst drink lies the great danger. It 

may be only a few drojis, but if you take 

a, you will find it harder to refuse the nest 

nk you are asked to take. It is by taking a 

ak now and then that men learn to be ilrunk- 

The first drink and the second and the 

may not hurt them, but by taking them, 

they learn to like the taste, and, step by step, they 

go on until they die drunkards. 

S-'^"^ The boy or man who nner drinks beer, wine or 

' V ' liquor, iteier will be drunk. If he drinks someltnus^ 

he may be. 

Remember, boys, and never take thert>s< drink. It is easier 
to •Jay No. when asked to take the first drink, that to refuse 
the second. >.^en are ashamed to press a boy or man to drink 
if he never has taken the first drink. But if he ever has 
drank, and they know it, they think it no harm to make him 
drink again. 

Never gamble the first time, and you will never gamble the 
second. So with swearing and every other sin. It is the fi'rst 
act that must be shunned. No one can be safe who says, "I 
will commit this sinful act this once, and then I will cease and 
do it no more." By doing this, Satan obtains power over 
him and he binds him in his chains. 

Never be coaxed, driven, ridiculed or laughed into taking the 
first wrong step. 



A ^^'^"^ answer (urneth away wrath." 
XX of a wise man who lived thousands 



This is the saying 
of years ago. Pid 
you ever try a .soft answer? If not, do so. You will be 
j)lea,sed with the result. It is ea.sy lor a boy or a girl to make 
an angry reply to a companion who speaks angry words. 
Probably you do this frequently. One angry word begets 
another, and you feel hateful and i|uarrel. 

It i> difficult for persons of spirit to submit to harsh, angrv 
talk. Thev are inclined to resent it, to talk back and exi)rcss 
their wrath in rep'y. The general opinion seems to be that 
unless one does this, lie is afraid; and who would like to be 
thought a coward? Yet tliis is o great mistake. Cowards can 
get angiy and be full of wrath; but it is s brave person who, 
when angrily attacked, cm preserve his temper and give a 
-olt. kind answer to his as-ailant. 

If you have never tried the effect of a soft answer unon an 
angry pers-on, try it the first time any one sjieaks angrily to 
you, and you will be surpri>ed at its effect. 




T is stated that the keeper of the Massachusetts state-prison 
.says that eight out of every ten of the convicts sent to that 



institution become criminals through liquor. We have heard 
drunkenness called the parent of vice, and from this statement 
it is not improper to call it so. Eiffht out of every (en! That 
is a large proportion. The drinking of liquor is working great 
evil in this Territory. It has ruined many men, and not a few 
are now going to ruin through this hateful practice. We hope 
the superintendents, teachers and Sunday school scholars will 
get up a petition to the City Council of this city, and of every 
other city in the Territory where liquor is sold, a.sking them to 
put a step to the sale of liquor within the city limit.s. 

Another fact stated by this officer is that a great many of 
the convicts have no trade. This he thinks a great evil. A 
boy who learns a trade learns something more than the trade; 
he learns habits of industry. He has to be regular in his 
eating, etc., and all this is beneficial tj him. He is not so 
likely to fall into bad company or habits. 

We hope our boys and young men will pay more attention 
to learning trades than they have done. Our Territory should 
be filled with skilled workmen. Even if it should not be nec- 
essary for a man to work at a trade after he has learned it, it 
will not cost him anything to have the skill. He will not eat 
or drink or wear any more because he has skill than if he had 
none, and he certainly is a more valuable citizen than if he 
was unskilled. 



Study for Leisire Hoims. — Many a young working man 
might greatly improve his mind and advance himself in his 
profession if he would but spend a few of his leisure hours 
in profitable reading. Many make a beginning, but soon 
grow disheartened and ([uit. The main cause often is a want 
of thoroughness. It is a good direction of one of the most 
practical writers for workingmen, ''Never to leave what you 
undertake to learn, until you can reach your arms around it, 
and clinch your hands on the other side." 

It is not the amount of reading you run over that will ever 
make you learned. It is the amount you retain. Pr. Aber- 
nethy said there was "a point of saturation in his mind beyond 
which it was not capable of taking in anything more." We 
have all doubtle.ss felt this in attempting to study up any 
subject. The law seemed fixed beyond our control. After a 
certain point weariness of mind would set in, however we 
might strive to spur the jaded steed. Then is the time to 
stop and go about .something else. Change of employment is 
often pleasant recreation. 

Every young penson should strive to perfect himself in his 
calling, if it is only the blacking of boots. It is just this 
application to study that makes the difference between the 
master-workman and the man who is all his life only a day 
laborer. 

It was by lung and patient study in his leisure hours that a 
common ship-carpenter in Philadelphia was enabled to invent 
a machine to saw ship-timbers in a bevelled form, a very great 
improvement, which yielded him a large fortune and placed 
him hisrh in the ranks of inventors. A companion spent his 
leisure hours during the same six months in teaching a dog 
to walk on bis hind legs. Both succeeded, but the fame of 
the dog-trainer was confined to the admiring circle of bar- room 
audiences. 



PkdsI'KRITV. — Prosperity shines on different persons much 
in the same way that the sun shines on different objects. 
Some are hardened liy it like mud, while others are softened 
like wax. 





J'TJ^EIN'ILE JHSrSTI^UC'X'OI^. 



S35 




n.A.'vv^^ii^ 2sr nyE'S'TiioiL.oa-ir. 



BY R. O. L. 




THINKING something on the subject of the mythologj' of the 
people among whom I am laboring as a missionary would 
be of interest to the many youthful readers of the Instructor; 
1 shall try to tell them a little about what I have heard and 
am hearing in my travels in the distant land, and in the midst 
of the strange people of the Sandwich Islands. 

I am now in company with Bro. Bryant Stringham traveling 
and laboring on the island of Kauai, the most northerly of 
this group, and by far the most pleasant island of the lot. 

In our travels and labors we hear much of the mythology of 
this people, some of which is indeed very foolish and non- 
sensical to educated persons or to those who have been reared 
in the light of Christianity, or who have been taught in the 
principles of the gospel, yet some of it is of interest to the 
student, or a person of a reasoning mind. 

We are led to believe that these islands were peopled from 
the American continent about fiftj' years before Christ. By 
referring to the Book of Mormon, Book of Alma, thirtieth 
chapter, third and fourth verses, we see an account of certain 
ships sailing into the west sea to the north from the isthmus 
or narrow neck of land, and that they were never again heard 
from. Now the tradition of this people is that they came from 
the direction where the sun rises, in vessels of some kind, or in 
a large canoe, as they express it, which goes to substantiate 
the quotation alluded to, as being the correct account of the 
source from whence they came. 

Again, they were taught to believe in a Savior, or in other 
words that they were in a fallen state, and that a God, whom 
they term "Lano," would come to save them from their fallen 
condition and raise them from their degradation and sin. Of 
course this tradition is somewhat mixed up with foolish myth- 
ology, but this is the substance of it. 

Now let us turn again to the Book of Mormon, the book 
that God has given us by divine inspiration, and examine the 
teachings of the ancient prophets among the Nephites, before 
the date that I first quoted, and we will find that for gener- 
ations they had been taught to expect Christ to come as their 
Redeemer, to redeem them from their fallen or sinful state. 
This had been taught to the Nephites, and also to the Laman- 
ites; then how natural for this peoiiie to expect a feavior, 
when we consider that they left that continent fifty years 
before His birth. How natural, when we look at human 
weakness and sin, for them in their ignorance, being robbed 
of a written language, to change the form that God had given 
to the superstitious myth they now believe in. 

Perhaps a great many of the readers of the Instiuctor 
have heard of and read that Captain Cook was the discoverer 
of these islands, though few perhaps have heard that the 
inhabitants worshiped him as "Lano," the God they expect- 
ed, when he arrived. They expected their (iod to come in 
great power, to save them, or exult thenj to some position 
greater than that they then occupied. They also expected 
him to be white, as they aver that they were formerly; but for 
sinning against the great God they were cursed with a skin of 
darkness, which will agree with some things we read in the 
Hook of Mormon. 

Now as the poor nativs in their igiioraiice could conceive 
of nothing greater than a floating i.sland, as they called a ship, 
they thought that it must be "Lano," their expected God, and 
as such, worshiped him; and he (Cook) in his wickedness let 

em do so undeceived; and it was through thi< he lost his 



life, (so the natives' side of the story goes). It was, perhaps, a 
just retribution from God, for his wicked actions in letting his 
fellow men worship him. 

Captain Cook's actions were all very strange to this people, 
some of which I will relate as they are somewhat amusing. 
When they saw him smoking they thought he was breathing 
forth fire and smoke similar to the volcano, and worshiped 
him on that account. He wore, as was then the fashion, a 
three cornered hat, and they thought that was the shape of 
his head. When he had the cannon fired from the vessels, 
they thou.;ht that he was calling thunder and lightning fi'om 
heaven. This all seems foolish to us, but to them they could 
account for it in no other way than that he was a God, and as 
snch, had power over the elements. 

I now bid you "aloha" for the present, with a promise of 
more anon. 



.i^nsrCIEHSTT HJ^R.VESTEK.S. 



IT is scarcely necessary for us to tell even the smallest of our 
readers that the engraving here presented is intended to 
represent a scene of the far east — the land of the Bible. 




'f/'/'oicit^ 

The dress of the persons pictured is sufficient to indicate that. 
It is not the style in vogue in the colder countries of the 
West; nor is tin' iniiiiitive style of harvesting here shown 
that which gcticrally prevails at the present time in Europe 
and Aiii'M-ica. If a iiimliTn western harvest scene were pn 
sciitc<I to ii'i w -liouid I'Xpcc-t to see one of the ingonii 





236 



>jtj"vbi^x:l-e xitsti^tjctoi?. 




macliiues known among us as a ""reaper," or a ""header," 
drawn by horses, therehy saving the labor of so many hands. 
But such ingenious labor-saving machines were not, in 
ancient times, and are not today, to be found in the land of 
Palestine. Harvesting is there done, as it was thousands of 
years ago, with the sickle; and in .-.ome cases, where the straw 
is even too short to be cut with the -.ickle to advantage, it is 
pulled up by the roots. 

In olden times the harvest time was a joyful .sea.son, 
espei.'ially if the yield was good; and ail clas.'-es, old and young, 
male and female participated in the joyful labor of gathering 
^he i)recious grain. Nor were the farmers allowed to forget 
the poor at this .season; for, ;is we rcail in the law given to 
Mo.-.es (Lav. xxiii, 2'2), the Lord said: '"And when ye reap the 
harvest of your land, thou .shalt not make clean riddance of 
the corners of thy field when thou reape-st, neither shalt thou 
gather any gleaning of thy liarve.-.t: thou .-.halt leave them 
to the poor, and to the stranger: I am the Ijord your God." 

The account given us in the second chapter ol' Kuth will 
give us a very good idja of an ancient harvest .-cene, and the 
figure of the gleaner m oui 
engraving will .serve well t<5 
represent the faithful Ruth, 
the Moabit«.ss, gleaning in 
the field of Boaz, at Beth- 
lehem. We can fancy the 
vouth pictured before us as 
following the instructions of 
his kind master, Boaz, when 
he .said '"Let her glean even 
among the sheaves, and re- 
proach her not: and let fall 
.some of the handfuls of jmr- 
pose for lier, and leave them, 
that .she may glean them, and 
rebuke her not." We can 
also fancy the pleasurable 
feelings of Ruth as she "beat 
out" her gleanings and car- 
ried home to her mother-in- 
law, Naomi, her "ephah" 
V 1 little over three pecks) of 
barley; and aKo the happi- 
nes.s and gratitude of INaomi, 
when, on learning how Boaz 
had bcfritti.led her, she exclaimed "Blessed be the Lord, who 
hath not left off his kindness to the living and to the dead." 
Till' book ol Ruth furnishes us a [ileasant little story of old time 
court.ship, and the happy sequel to the adventure of Ruth as a 
gleaner, which her marriage to Boaz afford.s, must be regarded 
by all our little readers who may have the curiosity to peru.se 
it as a just reward for her fidelity t.o her mother-in-law. 

In olden times it was con-idered no disgrace to glean in the 
field.s; but, on the contrary, it was counted sinful to allow the 
grain to wast« in the field. There is no reason why we, in 
the.se modern times should consider it otherwi.se. If God 
blesses us with an abundant harvest, we owe it a.s a duty to 
Him to pri)j)erly care for it, a.s much so as if we had ever .so 
little. It has afforded us much pleasure nf late to learn from 
different parts of the Territory of the various efforts that are 
lacing made by Relief Societies and other organizations to 
glean the fields, and .secure, for the benefit of the poor in our 
midst the grain which the farmers have left scattered in their 
fields, and wliicb would otherwi.sc \xi wasted. In .some cases 



Bishops have called upon the people of their Wards, or as 
many of them as po.ssibly could, to turn out and engage in 
this work. We consider such movements as highly com- 
mendable. For many years past the inspired men whom God 
has called to lead the Latter-day Saints have preached to 
them the necessity of saving up brcad.stuffs for a time of 
scarcity, as the time would come when our crops would fail. 
If the Saints had taken their counsel there would now be 
stored in these valleys several years supply of grain; but as it 
is one year's failure of crops would really cause want and 
suffering in the midst of the people. 




T m E -^AT T ZSr E GTJIP. 



BY ROLI.O. 



0' 




NE cold, frosty, winter's night, in the year 1ST-, two friends 
were walking arm in arm along the brilliantly-lighted 
streets of one of our large cities. The air, keen and cold, had 

no effect upon them, muffled 
up as they were iu their great, 
heavy coats. Gayly they 
chatted as they walked along, 
in and out of the throng of 
pedestrians that kept moving 
and surging about. Lou. 
Pendril was telling his chum, 
Alf Graham, of his life and 
study at college; how he had, 
by perseverance and patience, 
at last graduated with the 
highest honors in the school; 
of his hopes and prospects; 
of the bright future that was 
opening for him, and what his 
intentions were. Still on they 
walked, and at last they reach- 
ed the outskirts of the city, 
where the houses were poorer, 
and the people living in want 
and rags, instead of wealth and 
luxury. Suddenly they were 
confronted by a youth of ap- 
parently about thirteen years 
of age. His thinly clad form showed want and suffering, and 
his deep, sunken eyes .-howcd how much he was in want of 
food. 

"Well," asked Lou., in his usual welcome and hearty man- 
ner, "what do you want?" 

The boy hesitated, as though he vras a.shamed or afraid to 
a.sk what he desired. 

"What is it, my boy?" asked Lou. again, as he bent close to 
the little fellow. 

"Please come with nic, .sir," asked tue boy. 
"Where do you want me to go?" inquired Lou., thinking 
of the many traps that are .set in the large cities for unsus- 
pecting persons. 

"Just a little way along here, plea.se." 
"Don't go, Lou.," urged Alf., "it is only some trap or 
other. ' ' 

"Nevermind; I'll ri.sk it; so come on." 
They followed the boy for about half a square, when he 
stopped by the side of a i)rostrate man, and said: 





a"TJ'7"Ei:tTii_.Ei I nsr s T I?. 17 o T o I?/ 



S37 




"This is my father, sir; please help me get him home." 

"Certainly, my boy, ' responded Lou., who was ever ready 
to help, as far as lav in his power, those who were in distress. 
"Catch hold, Alf ■' 

Supported on one side by Lou., and on the olher by Alf, 
they managed to get the man along, the boy leading the way, 
and after oon.siderable hard work, arrived at the man's house. 

The boy ascended the rickety steps, and opened the door, 
and they carried the man in. Seating him on a chair, they 
had time to glance around and see the nature of the jilaee to 
which they had been brought. It was a low. smoky little 
room, and the furniture consisted of a table and a couple of 
chairs of the commonest kind; the walls were bare of any ves- 
tige of ornament, and the keen wind whistled through cracks 
innumerable. Just then the boy's mother came in, and being 
astonished at seeing such fine-looking gentlemen in the hjuse, 
could not for a moment comprehend what it meant. But the 
boy explained all: "I found father lying down in the street," 
he said, "and got these gentlemen to bring him home." 

"I am much obliged to you gentlemen, I am sure," 
responded his mother, in a voice and t:ne that was in st'ong 
contrast to her surroundings and the drunken husband, who 
was sitting on the chair quite uncouicious of all that was going 
on. It was easy to see that the family was in want, and pull- 
ing out his wallet, Lou. produced a note, and gave it to the 
woman, who at first refused to receive it, but on the two friends 
urging her, she accepted it. They pensuaded her to tell them 
how the family came in such a plight, and she said: 

"My husband, who is now lying there, was as wealthy and 
happy as ever mortal need be, but that is now fourteen years 
ago. It is just about the time, within a month or two, of our 
marriage day, and I'll venture to a.-sert that a more happy 
couple than we were just after we were married could not be 
found. All went well with us until about five years ago, when 
my husband through some means got into what is generally 
called a 'fast' set, and that was the cause of his starting on 
his downward course; and, when once started, it was not long 
before he was a confirmed drunkard. 

"Little by little was our property swept away, and in a short 
time we were compelled to move from the luxurious place 
where we had resided since our marriage, to a cheaper and 
less comfortable residence. Once there, it was not long before 
we were again moved to a still poorer house, and next to the 
place where you now find us; and here we have been for about 
a year. Thus has the man whom I am forced to call 'husband' 
lost, drank and gambled away a fortune which would have 
been more than sufficient to keep us 'n comfortable and easy 
circumstances for our earthly days; thus has the wine cup 
ruined one of the happiest families in the land. 

"Oh, sir! I conjure you by the love you bear foryour fauiily 
and friends never to touch the deadly poison, for it is a thiei 
to the purse, a wife's .sorrow, and a children's curse; it ha.4 
disgraced and ruined countless hundreds of families, and 
biought woe and want to myriads of the happiest homes in 
the land." 

During her recital her listeners stood ;ls if eniranird, for 
they were surprised at the power and elo(|U(mce with which 
she was gifted, and rightly con(;Iuded that she had gooil reason 
for u.sing them. When the young men left, a couple of cri^p 
bank not«B were laid in her hand, and her fervent "(Jod bless 
you" followed them out of the door. 




Re who wishes to secure the good of others, has already 
ure<l his own. 



rjircs 



rom n 



%n 



m^'oh. 



BY O. M. 0. 



(.Continued.) 



THE CONTRABANDIST. 

THE manuscript was written by Juan Morales, a scribe in the 
employment of the commandant of Conceiition. 

"During the exciting times of the revolution, '"•hen tie 
wheels of the government were clogged by political strife, the 
coast of Chili literally swarmed with craft engaged in the 
.smuggling trade; and the commanders ol many of these vessels, 
not satisfied with their success and i)rofit, actually added piracy 
to their calling, making bold to openly set all law at defiance 
in the small defenseless seaports. When the Eiigli.sh fleet 
under Lord Cockburn arrived in the Pacific and rendered its 
efficient aid in established the new government on a firm basis, 
the law-breaking contrabandists were not forgotton; laws were 
enacted, and f'ompetent officers appointed to enforce them. 
For better protection, and to aid the customs department, half 
a dozen small and fa'^t-sailine schooners, armed and equipped, 
were added to the navy. The crews of these vessels were 
mostly compnied of English and American seamen, under the 
command of competent officers — Engli.shmen generally, who, 
tired of the slow ])romotion in His Majesty's service, volun 
teered and accepted the higher grades of rank offered as an 
inducement, and enrolled themselves as servants of tl:e new 
republic. 

"One of the smallestand fleetest of the revenue cruisers wa,s 
called the Guarda, Edward Edwards commander. She had 
been cruising for some time north of Valparaiso when, lat* in 
the year, her captain received orders to proceed to Teleahuano, 
where he would take on board the governor's secretary (my- 
self) and with as little delay as possible, proceed to the island 
of Chiloe. there to t: -irrange the revenue department, which 
had for some reason r)ecome woefully deficient. With papers 
and credentials showinir my own authority and the necessary 
instructions for (!apt. Edwards, I joined the schooner in less 
than an hour after her arrival in port. 

"She was a beautiful little craft, armed with four guns and 
a crew of thirty men, two-thirds of them English or Ameri- 
icans. Everything about the vessel betokened the thorough 
disciplinarian in command; her white decks, bright gun*, trim 
rigging, clean and orderly crew would have satisfied the mo'-f 
fasti lious inspectors. The captain invited me into his cabin, 
which was a reflex of the order and neatness of the deck above. 
Afer readinir his instructions he at once ordered the anchor 
weiffhed and sail set, as the business at Chiloe required im- 
mediate rectifying and looking after. Sail was crowded ot» 
the schooner, and as we fxiwled down the bay with a leading 
wind, we ha<l every hope of soon fulfilling our mission. .Vfter 
arranging what little I had brought on board, I asi'cnded to 
the deck to become Wlfer ac<iuaint,ed with the captain and to 
enjoy the ))eautiful view presente<l liy the undulating line of 
the coast. 

"Captain EdwanK- was a tall, spiiif-built man, preci'^r, but 
easy in his movements Although not more (ban thirty years 
old, the lines of care and thouL'ht, and the sad expresiion of 
his face gave him an old and withered look. I found it im- 
possifile to draw him into a general eonversation. True, he 
answered me alw.iys in a courteous and gentlemanly manner. 





238 



J"TJ^EIsriIl.E IILTSTI^/TJOTOI^. 





and entered freely into conversation relating to our expedition; 
but away from that he was as silent auJ imperturbable as the 
main mast of the schooner. 

"After leaving the bay the wind freshened considerably, and 
at evening the sun went down like a great ball of copper. 
The spiteful dash ot the sea against the- vessel's side, with the 
lowering and threatening sky, plainly bespoke a rough and 
unpleasant night for u<. However, I felt no fear, as the few 
hours I had been on the vessel convinced me that she was in 
charge of a thorough seaman; lieside> there was that some- 
thing about Captain Edwards which inspired you with a feeling 
of confidence on a very .slight acquaintance. After sundown 
the topmasts were struck, .sails reefed and the vessel's head 
laid off shore with everythins snug and .secure. I retired 
about nine o'clock to mv cabin, leaving the captain at his 
.solitary post on the quarter-cleck: aud there he remained all 
night, navigating his frail craft through the storm, which 
seemed to increa.se into a jierfcct hurricane towards the middle 
watch. The little schooner (litched and rolled, and, as I lay 
in my bunk, appeared at times to be subpaerged, the sea dashed 
so heavily on the deck above me; but this tossing anJ rolling 
was not what kept me awake. In my early day.-. I had followed 
the sea profe.s.Monally, and had been lulled to .slee]) time and 
again by howling gales. I had in reality become fa.scinateu 
with the captain, and I tried in vain to di.smiss his .sad, stern 
face from my memory. There was something about him that 
.seemed my.sterious; and yet in liis actions aud conversation 
durintr the day he had given me not the slightest cause for such 
a thouirht It was not a feeling of .suspicion or lack of confi- 
dence in the man, rather the reverse. .Some blight or cloud 
seemed to hang over hiui. and to fathom this and become his 
confidant and friend actuated me and drove .sleep from my 
pillow. Ti'Ward^ ni jrniiig the gale had con.>iderably abated, 
and when, shortly after daylight, I a,<ceuded tn the deck. I 
found thi' cr-'W making sail and preparing to ^iCud ui' the 
top-ma it.->. I had barely time to offer my morning compliments 
to the captain, when a man at the foremast head reported a 
sail on the lee bow, evidently in distress. The schooner's 
course wa.s altered in the direction of the unfortunate stranger, 
while the captain, gla-s in hand, walked forward to the fore- 
ca.itle to make out her character and condition. Our little 
craft glided .swit'ily over her c<mr.-.e in spite of the roughness 
of the .sea. and in less than half an hour we could jdainly see 
from deck a large hormaphroilite brig, with her fore-top-mast 
over her .■•ide. As I wa> contemplating and contrasting the 
carefulness and .seaman-hip that preserved oar litt'e boat from 
danger, wiih the evident carelessness or mismanagement that 
bad brouk'ht misfortune on the vessel in sight, Captain 
Kdwards came aft with a countenance a.s uiuli.sturbed and 
placid asa i.-hild, and startled me by saying: 'I liave every rea.son, 
judging by descriptions, tor iidievinu this brig we now .see in 
distress to be the notorious pirate and smuggler Jiovi'ia. and, 
althouL'h dojbtloss my superior in strength of crew, and 
weight ot metal. I am determined to attack, and. if iiossible, 
cai)ture her. A- you are a non-combatant, you may prefer 
returning to tlii,' cabin, or' continued lie, after a slight i)ause, 
looking steadily at me with his calm blue eyes, 'should you 
wish to participate, you will there find the arms you neeil. and 
your .services will be duly ap]irc-iatcd. Without a moment's 
delay I retin'd to the cabin, and after first securing the papers 
entrusted to my care, in a metal case, wliich I placed in the 
breast pocket of my coat. I armed myself with a brace of 
pi.stols and a good strong cutlass, and again returned to the 
deck. The schooner ha 1 ediicd ilown so near the lnii: in the 



meantime as plainly to discover her character and intentions 
while the smuggler, no doubt in contempt for the little 
antagonist, made no efforts to di.sgmse her calling or avoid a 
battle. The planking of the bulwarks on the weather side of 
the schooner had been broken off, and her four guns pointed 
to windward. The smuggler, aware that it was the intention 
to rake her, endeavored to avoid it by throwing herself up in 
the wind; but she could only partially succeed, owing to the 
crippled condition of her mast and the wreck that hampered 
her. However, she opened the action during the manoeuvre, 
by giving us a broad .side' that did us no damage. When 
within a half cable length of the brig, the Guarda's helm was 
put up, and, as she paid off under the stern of the Bonitia, 
Captain Edwards ordered his men to aim low and fire. Every 
I shot told the brig's stern was crushed into atoms, her rudder 
rendered useless, and for a moment her crew seemed demoral- 
ized. As she fell off before the wind, unmanagable, the 
schooner repeated her destructive fire. As both vessels came 
broad.side to broadside the battle became more general, the 
smuggler firing high to cripple her opponent's spars and rig- 
ging, while the aim of our guns was low and terribly destructive 
to the enemy's hull. The action had continued about fifteen 
minutes, and the vessels were. but a few feet apart when a 
'broad side' from the Guardc brought down the enemy's main 
mast, which, in falling, struck the main gaff of our vessel, 
bringing the main sail on deck with a run, and at the same 
time locking the two vessels inseparably together. The cap- 
tain ot the Bonitia immediately saw his advantage for board- 
ing, and made the attempt. Cajjtain Edwards was as prompt 
to resist. Hitherto I had been but a spectator to the battle; 
now I knew every arm was needed, as the crews mounted the 
bulwarks headed by their respective captains. I heard the 
clash of cutlas.ses and sharp rej)orts of the pistols, and in a 
moment found myself, half wild with excitement and eager- 
ness, by our captain's .side. 1 was not there a moment too 
soon. Captain Edwards had broken his sword off clo.se to the 
hilt, and with nothing but the but of his discharged pistol, was 
endeavoring to defend him.self against a stalwart fellow armed 
with a boarding pike, and the leader of the smugglers. 
Quicker than I can tell it, I guarded off the pike aimed at our 
captain, with my cutlass, not, However, so effectually as lo 
prevent it striking me on the breast, or rather the metal box 
in my pocket, with such force as to send me toppling backwards 
over the rail. As I fell my iiistol was discharged, really with- 
out my taking any particulai aim, but fortunately not ineffect- 
ually; the ball from it, going at an angle, struck the pirate 
captain fair in the forehead, sending him, not dead but 
stunned and insensible, to the deck. 

{To he Continued J 



IIow THE Sights werk Ei)tCATEri.— It is .said that in the 
last century every Scotchman carried in his side pocket a copy 
of the Book of Proverbs. In moments of lei.sure, when the 
plow rested in the furrow, and merchandise waited for 
custom, the little volume was jierused again and again, until its 
wisdom became the very marrow and nerve of Scottish character. 

"A nation made by a book" is almost the coriect descrip- 
tion ol Scotchmen — and that book is the Bible. 



Iiii.KNEss. — It is a mistake to imagine that only the violent 
pas.sions. such as ambition and love, can triumph over the 
rest. Idleness, languid as she is, often masters them all; she, 
iudeeil, influences all our designs and actions, and in.sen.sibly 
consumes and destroy.s both jiassions and virtues. 





CrTJ'VEI<riLE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^ 



239 




l|iaora^hg. 



j"Oss:pi3: snyriTii, the 




( Continued. ) 

Tll/'HEN the Camp of Israel, or Zion's Camp, started there 
YV were but few meu left in Kirtland, and they were pi'in- 
cipally aged. As soon as the brethren got fairly started, 
Joseph organized the company, and appointed such officers 
as were needed. He divided the whole band into companies 
of twelve men. These men then elected their own captains; 
each captain appointed the men of his company to their 
several duties, which was generally in the following order: 
two cooks, two firemen, two to pitch tent, two water men, one 
runner, two wagoners and horsemen and one commissary. 

Everything was arranged in the most perfect order to have 
discipline and safety in the camp. Flour and meal, and other 
articles of food were purchased, and each mess cooked its own 
provisions. Before retiring to bed each night a trumpet was 
sounded, and the brethren bowed before the Lord in their 
several tents and presented their thanksgivings and prayers 
and supplications. At about four o'clock of each morning 
the trumpet again sounded, and every man bowed the knee 
before the Lord and implored His blessing for the day. 

There was great curiosity manifested by the people, in the 
various places through which they passed, to know who they 
were, and where they were going. In many places they 
suspected them, and often times would try to count them; but 
never could do so correctly; they always said there were four 
or five times as many as there were. On Sundays the brethren 
would often hold meetings and preach to the people who 
came to the camp. Various opinions would prevail as to 
what sects they belonged to. (;)ne, preaching free grace, 
would be called a Methodist. Another, preaching baptism 
for remission of sins, would be called a Campbelite. Another 
preaching some other doctrine, would be called a Presbyterian, 
and another one by some other name. It was not wisdom for 
the brethren to tell who they were, as their enemies would 
have come upon them and annoyed them, and probably jire- 
vented them from fulfilling their uiission. The peoiile did 
not know that God in restoring the Gospel to the earth had 
brought back the principles of truth in their fullness. The 
Elders could preach principles of truth that were believed bv 
the Catholics, Presbyterians, Jlethodists, Baptists and by all 
the various sects, and yet be Latter-day Saints. For all these 
sects had some truth among them; but the gospel taught by 
the Lord to the Latter-day Saints contained it all. 

That is an idea, my little juveniles, which you should clearly 
understand. The gospel which the Lord revealed through 
the prophet Joseph, and which is now taught to you by the 
IirophetBrigham and his brethren, contains all the truth that 
is to be found in every sect. Besides, there are many prin- 
ciples of truth in the gospel that none of the sects know any- 
thing about, but which God has revealed in these last days 
through His jiropliets to His jyeoplc. Everything that is 
true, and good and lovely belongs to the gosiid. "What great 
advantages you possess through your parents belonging to the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints! ( >ther sects 
and i>arties have only a portion of truth; but you have a full- 
ness. They cannot lielieve or jiractict^ any good principle 



that you do not have. Children, how thankful you should be 
for these blessings! How much you should prize the Church 
which God has restored! 

On the evening of the 17th of May there was a rebellious 
spirit manifested in camp. Jo.seph reproved the brethren 
for indulging in .such a sfiirit, and said they would meet with 
misfortuQes, difficulties and hindrances; "you will know it," 
said he, "before you leave this place." He exhorted them 
to humble themselves before the Lord and become united 
that they might not be scourged. The next morning a mo.st 
singular occurrence happened. Every horse in the Camp was 
so badly foundered that they could scarcely be led a few rods 
to water. Children, would you not think that every man 
would be forced to acknowledge that God had sent that as a 
Judgment to fulfill the words of His prophet Joseph? But 
men's hearts are hard when they rebel against God and His 
servants. And there were some who were determined do 
oppose Joseph. 

When Joseph learned that the horses were foundered, he 
told the brethren that for a witness that God had his eye 
upon them, those who would humble themselves before the 
Lord, should know that the hand of God was in this 
misfortune, and their horses should be restored to health. 
By noon of that day the horses were as nimble as ever, with 
the exception of one which soon afterwards died. That 
horse belonged to Sylvester Smith, who hud been most 
rsbellious. 

In traveling the camp was continually troubled with spies. 
They were generally kept out of the camp by the guards, yet, 
hey pestered the brethren by asking (juestions, and trying 
to find out all they could about them and their movements. 
They were answered jiolitely, but never received any satisfac- 
tion. 

( To he Continued. ) 
-^t a» »» 

Takim; Aii\Ar.\(iE of an Accident. — Three men-of-war 
ships — I Hitch, French and English — while anchored in port, 
were contending with each other for the best display of sailor- 
ship, so that the captain of each vessel determined to send 
aloft an active sailor to perform some deed of grace and 
daVing. The l>utch captain sent a I>utchuian, the French a 
Frenchman, and the English an Irishman. The ]>utehman 
stood on the tO]i of the mainmast with his arm extended. 
The Frenchman then went alofi and extended both arms. 
Now the Irishman thought if he could stand on the top of 
the mainmast with a leg and an arm extended he would be 
declared the most daring sailor. Nimbly he climbed aloft 
until he reached the highest point, then he careliillv balanced 
him.self on both feet, extending his riuht hand with a grace- 
ful motion. Then he threw out his Icit log until it came into 
line with his right arm. In doing so he ingloriou.sly lost hi.s 
balance and fell from the mast, crushing the rigging toward 
the deck. The various ropes with wliich he came in contact 
broke! his fall, but his velocity was not too great to prevent 
his grasping a rojie attached to the mainyard. To tliis he 
hung for two seconds, then, dropping lightly to the deik, 
landed safely on his feet. Folding his arms trium|diautly, as 
if fall and all was in the iirograninie, he glanced toward the 
rival ships and Joyou-ly exclaimed: 

"There, bate that if you can!" 



CllAKiTV is never lost; it may meet with liigralitude, or be 
of no service to those on whom it is bi'stowcd, yet it ever 
does a work of beauty and grace upim the heart of the giv 




S4:0 



a"Cr^EITIIL.E TIsrSTI?.TJOTOI^ 




G-XjOI^Y to THI^USE Xj^TTEK/ jdj^-yts. 



Words v.y "Hiuiii KNOiiiii." 



JMrsic BY J. J. Daynes. 



-^8: 



Children of the Saints 



-J ^- 






=:3 T! 



sweet with praise; 




:^- 






'Tis God s goodness 



^=^~^^^ 



~wtz 
we 



ou, 






In His 



love 



trust always. 



-^- 



-m — » — w ^- 






^^^ 



1^— T 1 — -f* — 15 — -K— J — J — ^—^ — -^ — 



hearts with 



love and praise. 




S==^^ 



lat - tor 



llii^iiiiill 



Meek nnd luwly a.-i our Savior, 
Casting ofT all [iride and wrong; 

Proving by our good behavior, 
To Ood'g. children we belong. 



May God's blessings e'er attend us! 

Which they will if we do right; 
Pray to Him, His help to send us: 

In our darkness give us light. 



SUlSriD^Y LESSOIiTS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



Tr i HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, TIIK PROPU KT.— LB.SSON XI. 




Q. 
A. 

y.- 

A.- 

tob- 

Q.- 

A - 

Q- 

A- 

Q.- 
A. 

Q. 
A. 

y. 

A. 

a 
.\. 

0.- 
A. 
<i. 
A. 

A. 
W. 
A. 



—When did Joseph arrive in Indciiendenoo, lIi-.S'Uiri? 

—On the -Jlili of April. 

-Will!- hf remained here, what was done? 

— The fir.ii ■■■li'.ion of the book of coiinoaMdin"iit.> was ordered 

printed. 

-How ninny jopies? 

-Throe thousand. 

-W«i any other book printed at that time.' 

-Ye-; the hymn book. 

-When did .Joseph leave Indeponilenee 10 return lo Kirtluii'l? 
—On the 'ith of May. 
Who went with him' 

— Sidney IJigdon and Newel K. Whitney. 
How did they travel.' 
■ I5v .Htage coach. 

— What happened on the way? 
— Th'^ horse* boraine frightened and ran away. 
—What accident took place then? 

— l!ro. Whitney's leg was broken. 

— How did it happi-M • 

— In trying to jump out, he caught bis leg in the wheel. 

— Wh.Te did they utay until hi.-, bg got b>'tter? 
—At a public house, or Uivern, in Indiana. 

— How long did they have lo .-lay there? 
— Nearly f "ir w.-.'ks. 



Curious F.^cts in Anim-u, Life.— Fishes have no eyelids, 
and iieces.'sarily sleep with their ej'es open. Thoy swallow 
their food whole, having no dental machinery furnished them. 
Frogs, toads and serpents never take food but that which they 
are satisfied is alive. When a bee, wasp or hornet stings, it 
is nearly always at the expense of its life. Serpents are so 
tenacious of life that they will live for .si.x mouths or longer 
without food. Seals can be trained to perform many tricks. 
It is believed that crocodiles live to be hundreds of years old. 
The Egyptians enib;dni them. In South America there is a 
prolific honey-bee which has not been furni.shed with a sting. 
The head of the rattlesnake has been known to inflict a fatal 
wound after being severed from the body. 

J"U^EISriLE I3SrSTX?.TjaTOK. 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST * FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



OEOROE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single C'/i>y, p*r A7iiium — — $2,00. 
Ou Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^ar-Offlce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utuh. 




