BOLINESS TQ THE LQBJ). 




VOL. XIV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1879. 



NO. 1 



IMI A. T IE IR, 1ST .A. Ij affection 



w 



TORDS could scarcely be expressed by looks more plainly I defensive attitude, "Touch them if you dare!'' It is not at 
than the duck in the picture says to the rat, by her I all likely that the rat will dare to touch the little ducklings in 




&. 



•|<'l I'll 'I MUM IF VIM MA UK 



p 



<"N 



ffiSfJ 




J TJ "V E 1ST I L IE I1TSTBUOTOB. 




the face of such a brave and loving mother. There is no 
quality possessed by the animal creation which is more 
pleasing to contemplate than maternal affection. It may 
very properly be called instinct, whether exhibited by man- 
kind or the lower orders of animals. It is not dependent upon 
reason. It acta spontaneously. Love of offspring is one of 
the strongest passions with which animated creatures are 
endowed, and it is almost invariably monopolized by the female 
sex. By it the human mother is prompted to care with the 
most tender solicitude for the helpless infant, and is nerved 
for the most heroic deeds in its defense when dangers threatens 

" V mother's Iovel 

If there be one tiling pure, 

Where all beside is sullied; 

That can endure, 

"When all else pass away; 

If there be aught 

Surpassing human deed, or word, or thought, 

It is a mother's love!" 

A similar noble impulse impels the most timid among the 
brute creation to fight with savage desperation in defense of 
their young, and even sacrifice their lives for their protection. 
Many a daring hunter has pai 1 for his temerity bv his life in 
approaching a female lion, tiger, bear or other animal when 
(he considered her offspring in danger. The polar bear is 
proverbial for the strength of it- affection for its young. 
Numerous instances might be cited in which these animals 
have died nobly defending their cubs. The stork is also notable 
f >r the Eame quality. In a lire, by which the town of Pclft, in 
Holland, was burnt to ashes, a stork, which bad built her nest 
upon a chime all she could to save her little on 

She was seen spreading 1 1 r wings around them, to keep o'V 
the sparks and burning embers. Already the flame began to 

"• ui her, but, unmindful of herself, she cared only for 

her offspring, bemoaning their loss, and at length fell a prey 
to the fire, under the eyes of a sympathizing crowd; pn ferring 
death with the pledges of her love, to life without them. 
This interesting am I d by a Flemish poet, 

who lived in 1503, in an effusion bi tl titleol the "Stork 

of Delft; or, the Modi 1 ol Maternal Love." 

A writer on natural hist iry says of this qu ility in brut ■-: 
more I refl • m >re I an h id at its 

effects. Nor is the violence of ibis affection more wonderful 
than tb of its duration. Thus, every hen is in her 

torn the virago of the yard, in proportion to th ness 

of the bro J; and will fly in the face of a dog or - iw in defence 
of those chickens, which, in a few weeks, she will drive before 
her with relentless cruelty. This affection su limes th pas ions, 
quicki ns the invention, and sharpens the saga -ity of the brute 

r t i. .ii. Thus, b ime a mothei 

that placid bird -he used to be, but, with feather- standing on 
end. wine- le>\ ering, and clucking note, -le run- about like 
possessed. Dams will throw themselves in the wa 

danger, in order to avert it from their progeny. Thus 

a partridge will tn .- before • in, in order to 

draw away the dogs from, her helpless covey. In the timi 

nidification, the st feeble bird- will assault the most rapa- 

i ;. All the birundines ofa village are up in arm- at the 
of a h.nvk. whom they will persecute till he leaves that dis- 
trict Avery exact observer has often remarked, that a pair 
of ravens, nestlingin tl of Gibraltar, would snffcr no 

vulture or ea. I heir Bl 1'i in but woul 1 di ive them 

from the hill with amazing fury: even the blue thrush, at the 
-on of breeding, would dart oar from the clefts of the rocks, 
to chase awav the kestrel or the sparrow- hawk, [f you -rand 
-J? 



near the nest of a bird that has young, she will not be induced 
to betray them by an inadvertent fondness, but will wait about 
at a distance with meat in her mouth for an hour together." 



SCIENTIFIG ZDIJ^IDOG-TTE 



BY J. L. BAUFOOT. 



BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

PRECEPTOR. — I had a motive in directing your attention 
in our former conversation to the evidences of an early 
civilization, as seen in the structures of the great pyramid. 
It was to show the fallacies of received theories in regard to 
the development of our race. According to the new ideas 
(the new phase of thought you alluded to) it is supposed that 
"the higher form of civilization is ever a growth and outcome 
— a 'development' from a preceding lower state. " It is infer- 
red, as I believe erroneously, that this progress is visible to 
us throughout all history, and in all the records of the doings 
of man. Now this very pyramid negatives any such conclu" 
sions; for we find at the very dawn of history men were in 
p issession of the highest intellectual attainments, as is mani- 
fest by their works, which, instead of being inferior, are far 
superior to those of any subsequent aL'e. 

Pupil, — I have often thought when reading about the 
remarkable discoveries of sculptures and other evidences of 
civilization made in Mexico, Peru, and other places on this 
continent, that the degraded Indians of our day had been 
pre reded in the occupancy of this country by a superior race; 
and I have also believed those discoveries were evidences of 
the truth of the Book of Mornion. 

PRECEPTOR — No doubt you were correct in your conclu- 
sion-: the ancient pottery and paintings of Mexico, the works 
of art exhumed from the ruined cities of Central America, 
the portrait pottery of Peru, all bear witness to an ancient 
and superior civilization. As to the truth of the Book of 
Mormon being confirme'd by thfse discoveries, we, as Latter- 
day Saints, cannot but be pleased to find so many remarkable 
collateral testimonies to its truth as a history. But you must 
nor deceive yourself by supposing the advocates of the "new 
phas ■ of thought" will receive any such testimony of the 
divinity of the Book of Mormon. The fashion is to believe 
that divinity has no existence except in the imaginations of 
man. and that man himself is the highest type of being. On 
this subject I will speak at some future time, as it is an 

important one. The same pr -.- of reasoning by which you 

have received the works of art, found on this continent, as 
in lubitable proofs of the form or existence of a superior race, 
In- enabled men of research to determine the character of 
lien who formerly lived in Nineveh and Babylon, of whose 

history but little was known a generation ago. It is true that 

the Bible gives some account, but a very meagre one, of those 

it people. It is true also that the Bible history i* con- 

I by what ha- been di-eovered, ju-t a- the Book of Mor- 
mon histoiy is. More recently the great pyramid has found 
interpreter!* who prove, and that upon such grounds as even 
scientists cannot dispute, that the ''received theories" I 
alluded tea- to evolution and progress of nations from bar- 
barism to civilization are untenable, mi fai as the history of 
progress is concerned. 

I'i mi.. — Will you pi. i e lo , xplain the process of reasoning 
by which this conclusion i- reached? 

Preceptor. This pyramid shows, as ] stated before, that 
the designers and builder- were in possession of the highest 



Sfr 





J T7 "V" IE! 1ST I !_. IE INSTRUCTOR 




attainable genius and skill known to civilization, even from 
our standpoint. Great men are the products of their age and 
country. The architecture, the construction, the intention of 
such a building as this pyramid would have been impossible 
among any other than a highly civilized, advanced and long- 
established people. So perfect a work, giving evidence as it 
does of having been constructed upon mathematical principles, 
in harmony with astronomical observations made from the 
most remote antiquity, point to an ancient civilization, of the 
early history of which we have no records whatever. 



i g r a £ h g . 



JOSEPH SMITH 

:p ir, o :p is ie: t . 



TIrHIIE 



(Continued.) 



A MESSENGER was sent to Mr. Chamberlain, the Master 
in Chancery, who lived six miles from Dixon, and another 
was sent to Cyrus H. Walker, to have them come down and 
get out a writ of habeas corjjus. In the meantime Brother 
Markham sued out two writs against Reynolds and Wilson, 
one for threatening his life, and the other for assault and 
threatening Joseph's life. They were arrested on both charges. 
lie also sued out a writ for violation of the law in rela'ion to 
writs of habeas wrjius. Wilson had transferred Joseph to the 
custody of Reynolds, for the purpose of dragging him to 
Missouri, and thereby avoiding the effect and operation of said 
writ. This was contrary to law. The hearing of this was put 
off until the next morning at ten o'clock. 

This day had been a very exciting one; night came, however, 
at last; but instead of Joseph bi ing allowed to go quietly to 
rest, he was conducted back to the room and guarded through 
the night. The next day he took the opportunity of giving 
Brother William Clayton a bint about goini; to Nauvoo to let 
his brother Ilyrum know what was being done. A horse and 
buggy were hired to carry him to Rock Island. This was on 
the Mississippi river, and if a steamboat should pass there on 
its way down the river, he would s-oon be carried to Nauvoo. 
When he reached there the people thought there would be no 
steamboat going down for days. Brother Clayton was non- 
plussed; but before be d cided on any other plan of action, be 
thought he would take dinner. While they were preparing it 
for him. he heard the puff of a steamboat coming down the 
river. Tt was the Amaranth. She was hailed and rounded to 
at the landing; and, in fifteen minutes from the time hi' reach ■! 
there, Brother! 'lay ton wis on board and on his way to Nauvoo. 
It trasa providential occurrence for a itcamboal to be secured 
with -o little delay. 

When the Master in Chancery arrived he issued a writ of 

i, iiK hi., sorpu ire nrnablc before the I Ion. John I >. Caton, Judge 

of the Ninth Judicial Circuit, at Ottawa. This wri! «.•■ dull 

I on Reynolds and Wilson, Mr. Cyrus H. Walker also 

came. Hewa considered the greati b criminal lawyer in thai 

pari ol lllinoi-; but he told do Opb ho could 001 find lime lo 

be hi- lawyer unless he would promise him hi- vote, lie W a< 
a candidate for R ttive in Congress, and was out making 

speeches to secure hi- election, lie ii ghl if Joseph would 

only vote for him that bis election would be eourod, for the 
Latter-day Saints would all vote as the prophet did. Joseph 



O 



determined to secure his aid and promised to vote for him. 
Walker felt very joyful over this promise, and told Brother 
Markhatu, "I am now sure of my election, as Joseph Smith 
has promised me his vote, and I am going to defend him." 

During that morning another writ was sued against Reynolds 
and Wilson for private damage and false imprisonment, claim- 
ing $10,000 damages, upon the ground that the writ issued by 
the Governor of Illinois was void in law. This writ against 
there was from the Circuit Court of Lee couuty — the county 
in which they were at that time— and they were held to bail in 
$10,000 each. They could get no one to go their security 
there, and they had to send to Missouri for bondsmen. They 
were placed in the custody of the Sheriff of Lee county; but 
they also obtained a writ of habeas mi-pun, for the purpose of 
being discharged before Judge Caton. 

These prompt proceedings against these kidnappers made 
them feel uneasy. It was not so easy a thing to run off with 
Joseph as they supposed it would be, and they began to feel 
bad. They became more cool and moderate in their tone and 
did not threaten so much as they had done. 

Upon the first writ of habeas corpus Joseph was conveyed by 
Reynolds and Wilson towards Ottawa. They traveled about 
thirty-two miles, and stopped for the night at Pawpaw Grove. 
Here their abu.-c of Joseph was noticed by the landlord. 
Soon after Mr. Campbell, the sheriff of Lee county, arrived 
there; he had been sent by Mr. Cyrus II. Walker, the lawyer, 
to assist Joseph, and he slept by him, But Reyco'ds and 
Wilson did all that petty malice could suggest to annoy Joseph. 
There were certain men in the place who wanted to see him in 
the morning; but they would not permit them. 

The news of Joseph's^arrival had hastily circulated about 
the neighl orhood, aud very early in the morning the largest 
room in the hotel was filled with citizens. They were anxious 
to hear him preach, aud requested him to address them. But 
Reynolds was opposed to this. He entered the room and, 
pointing to Joseph, said: "I wish you to on lerstand this man 
is my prisoner, and 1 want you to disperse: you must not 
gather round here in this way." 

Just as he said this a Mr. David Town, an aged gentleman, 
who was lame and carried a large hickory walking stick, 
stepped towards Reynolds, aud bringing his stick down upon 
the floor, cursed him, and said: 

"We'll learn you to come here and interrupt gentlemen. 
Sit down there, (pointing to a very low chair.) and sit still. 
Don't open your head till General Smith gets through talking. 
If you never learned manners in Missouri, we'll teach you thai 
gentlemen are not to be imposed upon by a nigger-driver. 
Sou can not kidnap men here. There's a committee in this 
grove that will sit on your case; and, sir, it is the highest 
tribunal in the United States, as/rom its decision there is no 
appeal." 

In, Mr. Town was at the head of a committee of citizens 

who had organized themselves to prevent settlers upon the 
public domain from being imposed upon by land speculators. 
In newlj settled parts of the States the citizens have frequently 
organized such committees, and manj a olaiai juniper -thai is 
a man who unfairly tries to obtain the land from the regular 
settlor has been hung by them. Reynolds, probably, was 

aware of this, lie, doubtless, undersl 1 what Mr. Town 

mean! when he .aid thai the committee there \\ a^ the In 
tribunal in the lulled States, and thai from its decision there 
was no appeal, [f they were to decide to hang or otherwise 

kill a man. lo appeal to anolher courl would be of DO u e. 

Reynolds quietly -at down and Josoph addressi d the assembly 
for an hour-and a half on the subjeol of marriage. Ii was the 



,\ 



<*] 



• IV 




J XT "V El IN" X Xj JE IITSTEUCTOB. 




company's request that he should give thein his views upon 
that subject. 

From that hour Joseph's freedom commenced. While at 
Pawpaw Grove it was learned that Judge Caton was un a visit 
to New York. Whereupon the company, among whom were 
Joseph's three lawyers, returned to Dixon. Here Joseph was 
again locked up in a room and guarded. 

But deliveiance was near. The good steambjat Amaranth 
had sped on her way down the Mississippi, carrying Joseph's 
friend and me-senger, Brother William Clayton, towards Nau- 
voo. He landed on Sunday, and Ilyruui was >oon informed of 
all the particulars of Joseph's arrtst. The Saints were in 
meeting, and Hyrum repaired to the stand and requested the 
brethren to meet him at the Masonic Hall in thirty minutes. 
They went there in such numbers that the Hall could only hold 
a small portion of them. They adjourned to the adjoining 
green and Hyruai told them, as they were formed in a hollow 
square, all that Brother Clayton had informed him about 
Reynolds and Wilson's conduct in arresting Joseph. 
To be Continued. 



Chapter foi; the gillie $nt§. 



C I V I L I T Y 



Some boys think they ap-pear smart by 
be-ing rude and in-so-lent to poor per-sons. 
If a per-son is \)oor-ly dressed, they think 
they have no right to show him any re- 
spect, or e-ven be eiv-il to him. If he is 
lame al-so, they think "Limp-y" is a good 
e-nough name for him. If he has a bald 
head, they are ver-y apt to call him 
"Bald-y." 

You have all heard of the proph-el E-li- 
sha. He lived a great nia-ny hun-dred 
years ago. A crowd of boys once mocked 
him, and cried nut to him. "(i<> up, thou 
bald head!" 

That was noton-ly very rude, but real-ly 
wick-ed; for he was ;i proph-el of God. 
They wen- pun-ished for it. too. The 
proph-et cursed them, and then two bears 
came out of the wood and tore for-ty-two 
of them to piec-es. 

It is besl to treat ev-er-y per-son with 
civ-il-i-ty. Kind, po-lite per-sons are al- 
ways liked best, and, be-sides, it pay- to 
be eiv-il. 



There was once a con-duc-tor on a rail- 
road who thought it was smart to be rude 
to poor men. He saw a poor-look-ing, 
lame man wait-ing for the train to start, 
and he said to him: 

"Hal-loo, Limp-y !" geta-board, or you'll 
be left." 

Then, as the lame man was get-ting on 
the car, he said "Hur-ry up, Limp-y." 

How do you think that con-duc-tor felt, 
when some one told him, a few ruin-utes 
af-ter, that the lame man was the presi- 
dent of the rail-road ? 

He knew he would lose his place if the 
man would not for-give him, and he felt 
a-shamed and ver-y sor-ry for his rude- 
ness. But the pres-i-dent was a ver-y 
kind, good man, and he for-gave him, and 
let him keep his place, but told him nev- 
er to be un-civ-il to any per-son a-gain. 

Ke-mem-ber, chil-dren, if you want to 
go through life smooth-ly, be kind and 
pleas-ant your-selves. Civ-il-i-ty is a 
for-tune. 



.A. DIALOGUE, 
BETWEEN A "MORMON" BOY AND A STRANGER. 



SCENE, U. C. Railroad car^ >n tie way from Ogden to 
Salt Lake City. Buy n turning from a visit north. 
Stranger traveling fur pleasure^ and paying his first 

visit to Vli i!i. 

Straniif.r. — 'Sonny, do you live in these parts?" 

liny. — "Yes, .-ir; my borne is in Salt Lake City." 

S.— ''How long have you lived there?" 

B. — "All my life; 1 was born there." 

S. — "Are you » Mormon, then?" 

B. — ' 1 belong to thai people who are frequently called 
'Mormons,' but we prefer to be called Latter-day Saints. " 

S. — "Is Dot that rather a pretentious title to elaim, consider- 
ing the practices of your people?" 

B. — "I don't know what practices you allude to." 

S. — "I understand the term 'Saint' to mean a holy or godly 
person, one who i* an example of piety; but if the reports be 
true about the Mormon-, neither their religion nor their prac- 
tice- are very exemplary, or godly." 

B. — The report- you have heard may not be true. I know 
of nothing about our religion that is bad, and I do not think 
the Saints arc a bad people." 

S. — "That may be because you have never lived among a 
better people. If the Mormons were a good people they 



) ' 



• A 



lfc-~ 





J TJ "V IE IsT I L El UsTSTRUCTOR 



"^ 



J 3 ! 



would certainly not bear such a bad name throughout the 
world." 

B. — "I am not sure of that. The Savior was a good man, 
and never did any harm; yet He was hated, and even put to 
death. And I think He told His disciples that they would 
not be liked." 

S. — "That is true. Christ was pure, yet He was cmcified. 
And He said to His disciples, 'ye shall be hated of all men for 
my name's sake.' But that was because they preached and 
practiced the pure religion, which the wicked are opposed to. 
If the Mormons did the same, I could respect them, and blame 
those who hate them; but Mormonism does not deserve the 
name of religion." 

B. — "lou are, perhaps, not acquainted with our religion. 
My mother has always taught me to respect the religious views 
of others, and one of the articles of our faith reads, 'We claim 
the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the 
dictates of our conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, 
let them worship how, where or what they may.' " 

S. — "That is a good sentiment. Your mother must be a 
good woman. But what are the other articles of your faith? 
Can you repeat them?" 

B. — "I think I can. Our Sunday school teachers require 
us to commit them to memory," (Repeats them.) 

S. — "You have mentioned some things, such as present and 
future revelation, building of Zion upon this continent, Book 
of Mormon, and so on, that I do not understand. 1 notice 
rothing very bad about the balance, in fact, there are many 
things that are very good. Ho you mean to say that you are 
taught in your Sunday school to believe in and practice these 
rules of faith?" 

B. — "Yes, sir, and they arc believed in and practiced by the 
Saints generally." 

S. — "Who is the author of these articles of faith?" 
B. — "Joseph Smith, the prophet." 

S. — "But did he not teach the practice of polygamy, and 
other crimes, and are they not practiced now by the Mormons?" 
B. — "I never knew the prophet, but I believe he was a 
good man, and that he never taught the people anything but 
what was good. The law of Celestial Marriage wasrevealed by 
the Lord through him, and the Saints practice it, but we do 
not regard it, nor anything eke about our religion, as a crime." 
S. — "Well, my boy, I believe you are sincere, though 
deluded. Your people may be better, too, than 1 have judged 
them to be. But I would like to have you explain some of 
your doctrines to me." 

B — "I fear that I am not able to do so, and it is almost 
time for the tram to stop; bat if you are going to remain in 
the city some time, and wish any information in that line, I 
will try to get my brother, who is older than I am, to call 
upon you." 
S. "I shall be greatly pleased to have him do so. I'lease 

request him t icall at the Bouse. (Hands him his oard. ) 

I begin to feel interested in your people and principles, and 
want to know for myself whether they deserve the bad charac- 
ter the world gives them. I thank you for your courtesy iu 
answering my questions Urn before we part I want to ask one 
more question: Are you s polygamisl boy?" 

B. — "I suppose that IS what yon would call me. I am the 

son of a second wife." 
8.— "And yon an- nol ashamed of it |" 
B. — 'No, sir, I know of no reason why I should be." 
S. "Well, if you are a fair .-ample, I think bettor of the 
Mormons already. Qood by. my young friend." 



aestion^ anil %nzwtr$ 

O 2T T-HIIE IB I B T i IE . 



LESSON CXLI 

Q — What did David see as he walked upon the roof of the 
king's house at evening tide? 

A. — "He saw a woman washing herself." 

Q. — What was her name? 

A.— Bathsheba, the wife of Uriah, the Hittite. 

Q — What sin did David commit? 

A. — The sin of adultery. 

Q. — What other wrong did David do? 

A. — He caused Uriah to be placed in the front of the hottest 
battle. 

Q. — What was the result? 

A. — Uriah was killed. 

Q. — What did his wife do when she heard that he was killed? 

A.— She mourned for herhushand. 

Q. — When the mourning was over, what did David do.' 

A. — He fetched her to his house, and »he became his wife. 

Q. — What is said concerning this matter? 

A.— "The thing that David had done displeased the Lord." 

Q. — Whom did the Lord send unto David to accuse him of his 
crime? 

A. — The prophet Nathan. 

Q. — Eow did the prophet draw the king's attention to the sub- 
ject' 

A. — By relating to him a parable. 

Q. — What was his object in doing so? 

A.— To get King David to pass judgment upon himself 

Q. — What 's meant by a parable? 

A. — A parable is a fable, or simple story, containing a moral, 
intended to illustrate a principle or convey instruction upon 
things of more importance than those spoken of. J 



o nsr 
book: oif 



TPIE 

jvcoir, jvronsr. 



BV C. L. WAI.KKR. 




Q.— What is the Book of Mormon? 

A. — "An account written by the hand of Mormon, upon plates, 
taken from the plates of Ncphi." 

Q. — What does it contain? 

A. — A record of the ancient people of America, and the fullness 
of the everlasting Gospel. 

Q.— What does it testify of? 

A.— "That Jesus is the Christ, the Eternal God." 

Q —What else does it testify of ' 

A.— That Jc-us appeared unto the Xephites after his resurrec- 
tion; taught them his gospo., and worked many mighty miracles. 

Q.— Where wore these records hid up unto the Lord? 

A. — In the hill Cumorah, State of N™ York. 

Q.— When did the angel of the Lord deliver the plates into 
the hand- of .Joseph Smith? 

A. — "< in thi rning of the 22nd of Septombor, 1827." 

Q. — Who translated these records into the English language? 

A. — Joseph Smith, the Prophet. 

Q. — By what means? 

A. — "Through the i Mil in of the Urim and Tliummim, and by 

the gift uiul power of God." 

Q.— Diil any one els tln'se plates besides Joseph Smith? 

A.— Yes, 'Hiv.T Cuwdery, David Whitmor, Martin Harris, 
ami eight other wltne i 

Q — What does Josu Christ ay about Joseph Smith's trans- 
lation of the Book of Moi monT 

A.— "Me i.l pii has translated the Book, even that part 

which I have commanded him, and as your Lord and your Go 1 
lh el h d i- inn-." 





vJTT^rETSTII-.E! IITS Ttt UCTOE 



^hy ||ttinmil^ |(nstrnctot[. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1870. 



E3DITORIAL THOUGHTS 




DB continent has been and is still called the 
New World. It received this name be- 
cause, to the people who lived in Europe 
at the time that Columbus made his voy- 
age across the Atlantic ocean, it was a 
new world. But the Latter-day Saints 
are taught that it was on this continent, 
VsV^ -S& -r=5g£ an( ^ ' n wnat > s now known as the State 
" ) ^%rte^l2^- of Missouri, that Adam lived after he 
was driven out of the garden of Eden. The 
prophet Joseph pointed out the spot where 
Adam built an altar and offered sacrifice. It was 
because of this that a place where the Saint s 
settled in ])aviess County, Missouri, was called 
am-iit di-Ahman. It might on this account be 
very well called the Old World. "Without doubt it 
was inhabited before any other portion of the earth. 
From this continent population spread, as men 
to other parts of the globe. How far tbey 
wandered and in what lands they made their residence up to 
the flood we are not informed. Hut before that event they 
had be?ome very numerous. It is a remarkable fact that 
rists say that America i- the oldest part of the globe. The 
minent geologistof this country, Louis Agassiz, himself 
a European by birth, fays: 

"First-born among the continents, though so much later in 
culture and civilization than some of more recentbirth, America, 
so far as her physical history is concerned, has been falsely 
denominated the New World. Here was the first dry land 
lif.ed out o!' tb w ktew, here the first shore washed by the ocean 
that enveloped all the earth beside." 




increased 



AT the time that English people commenced to settle in 
Virginia :iui New England, Bay about A. 1). 1600 and 1620) 
the habits of the common people of England wen; exceedingly 
si nple, and in some respects almost primitive. Th> ir houses 
were well and solidly built of timber only in very few places, 

such pit for instance as when- wood was plentiful, In "tln-r 

places they were merely frames filled in with clay. The floors 
were of day and covered, if covered at all, with rushea To 
have the walls plastered was very uncommon. The rich 
generally had their walls covered with hangings to keep out 
i i ihimneys bad come into use some years before 

in -one bouses; but it was very common, instead of achimney, 

to have a hole in the roof for the i sea] f smoke, as our 

Indian- have in their wick-e-ups. They bad no glass in their 
windows; the panes were of oiled paper. Glass was so costly 
a luxury in those days that even noblemen when they left 
their country ho > to London, had their glass-windows 

packed away witb other precious furniture for safe-keeping. 
One of the leading Pilgrim Fathers wrote from Plymouth, in 
New England, to those about to emigrate from Old England 
•'brin^ paper and linseed oil for your windows." A pallet of 



L. " D 



straw with a rough mat for covering, and a log for a pillow, 
was deemed a good bed. The common people lived principally 
upon flesh; there were but few vegetables cultivated. Gardening 
was an art confined to the very rich, and their gardens were 
merely ornamental. Agriculture was in a rude state; a clumsy 
plow, a wooden fork, a spade, hoe and flail were the only 
agricultural implements. Bread was coarse and black, and was 
made of the unbolted flour of oats, barley, or rye, and in times 
of scarcity ground acorns were mixed with this. If they had 
spoons and platters at all they were made of wood; they knew 
nothing about table forks, and when they had their meals they 
contrived to eat with a knife and their fingers, with, perhaps, a 
common dish to hold the food. In consequence of the land 
not being drained, fever and ague was a common disease in 
England. 

In these days we would consider such a condition very 
uncomfortable. There never has been a time even in the first 
settlement of these valleys, when the people built so poorly as 
common people of England did two hundred and eighty years 
ago. Just think, children, how you would feel if you lived in 
a house without plaster on the walls, with no place for the 
smoke to escape except by a hole in the roof, with windows of 
oiled paper, a straw bed to lie on, with a log pillow for your 
head; and nothing to cat but black bread made of unbolted 
oats, barley and rye, and no potatoes, (for in those days they 
knew nothing about potatoes in Europe) and scarcely any other 
vegetables. How thankful we should be for the comforts which 
we enjoy. The Lord has been very kind to us. Comforts are 
plentiful among us, and they are easily obtained. Food is 
abundant and of good quality. Good houses can be easily built, 
houses that are warm in winter and cool in summer. Good 
beds and warm bedding are common in almost every house. 
CI icks, which two or three huudred years ago the richest peo- 
ple could not buy, can now be boughtby the poorest people. 
Knives and forks, crockery, glassand carpet ■> are within the 
reach of the humblest. Why, glass windows are now so common 
that mischievous boys think itfine fun to smash them with stones 
whenever a house is left empty. A boy who does such an act 
ought to be heartily ashamed of himself; it is too mean for any- 
body. It. would serve such a boy right to not let him live in a 
house where the windows arc glast; but to keep him in one 
whore the windows are oiled paper. If he lived in such a 
house a few years he would know how to value glass. 




S< IMF, of our subscribers have expressed a wish to take the 
INSTRUCTOR in the future in complete volumes, bound, 
instead of in loose numbers as they are issued. Their reason 
for this is that they find it difficult in large families to keep 
the papers clean enough to bind, and they appreciate the 
\ alue of them in bound form. For the benefit of such persons 
we wish to say that in order to secure the present volume 
complete, they must subscribe for it immediately. In that 
case they can either have the papers mailed to them as issued, 
or retained at our office till the volume is complete. The 
additional expense we expect to incur by making improve- 
ments in the [NSTRUCTOR renders it more than ever neces- 
sary that we should publish no more paper- than we are sure 
(f getting subscribers for. Those, therefore, who wish their 
subscriptions to commence with the volume must not delay 
s -cling us their orders. Should they do so, they will run a 
great chance of not getting the back numbers. 



A itv T< \i. man can always find leisure, a negligent one 
never. 



UTElsriLE UsTSTBTJCTOB. 



talik: about pottery. 



THESE engravings represent some of the intermediate 
processes in the making of earthenware, there being a 
number before these represented, and also many modes of 
ornamenting it, in addition to that of printing. Some of 



the coarse wares of earlv times, and, indeed, was so unti 
quite recently. Among the Jews it was well known, and God, 
to show to fie prophet Jeremiah His absolute power overmen 
and nations, directed him to the potter's hou-e, where'he saw 
the very prrcess here represented (Jer. xviii). Some of the 
vessels made ou the potter's wheel are very large, and some so 





these processes of manufacture ar. very ancient, tod ao well 
adapted t<> the purpose thai there has been no important 
improvement in later times. We refei to thai presented in 
the first engraving, of the thrower a< his wheel. Among 
the eastern nations, this waa probably the only mi deof making 



small thai they will only contain i spoonful or two of water. 
\\v read in eastern stories of some thai were large enough u> 
hide a man in. The writer has seen omeol the large, coarse, 
wares in the 8 affordthire pottei ie -. in England, thai we o need 
bj housewives for waahiog olothes in, many being lar< i thai 



O 



iM 




p 



fb 8 



JT7VBlfriL.B IHSTBTJOTOR 




our largest wooden washtubs. This method of making earthen 
ware is called "throwing," because the workman, taking in 
his hands a lump of clay, from the heap on the table near 
him. dashes it upon the circular and rapidly-revolving, level 
piece of wood, where he fashions it to the required form with 
his fingers and bits of stiff leather or horn, and then smooths 
the inside with a sponge and water. Then he cuts it from his 
wheel with a thin piece of wire, and his work is done. His 
attendant immediately places the vessels on boards and takes 
them to the drying room. The several kinds of vessels thus 
made are called "thrown ware." When the ware is nearly 
dry it is carried to the room of the turner (See the second 
engraving). This process resembles wood-turning, by which 
our chair and table legs are made, only it requires much more 
care to turn earthen ware, to prevent the vessels from break- 
ing. The tools for smoothing and finishing off the ware are 
pieces of soft inn, horn and sponges and water. At this 
stage there is a kind of ornamenting, called "dipping," by 
the use of differently colored clays. I have seen none in use 
in this country, as pure white ware is preferred, so I shall not 
describe it. When all the various articles made are well 
dried they are ready for the ovens, where they are subjected 
to intense heat for a period of from sixty to eighty hours. 

In the third engraving are seen the workmen who are called 
"placers," with numbers of large, coarse, clay boxes, called 
"saggers. The placer, first covering the sagger bottom a 
a few inches deep with a fine white sand, puts into it the ware 
until it is full. As the saggers are filled they are carried into 
the oven and pla:ed in successive layers until the oven is full, 
when the door is closed by brick and clay, and the burning 
slowly begins. The heat is gradually increased to the highest 
degree, when the trials are drawn out, and it satisfactory to 
the head fireman, the oven is then allowed as slowly to cool. 
The ware is now what is c.-illed "biscuit," probably because 
it is white and porous like edible biscuit. It is now ready for 
the printing. The various patterns for the printer arc engraved 
upon copper plates. These are heated on stoves, and the 
pattern is filled with the color, ground in oil, and cleaned, 
like book printer's type, by a slender knife and boss. It is 
then covered with a very fine paper, damped with weak soap 
water, submitted to heavy pressure and taken off carefully, when 
the impression, which is as clear, tine and distinct as the best 
letter press work, passes on to the transferer. She spreads it 
on the ware and rubs it well with the ends of a flannel roll. 
After a short time it is washed in water, then submitted to a red 
heat to burn out the oily matter, and the printing is complete. 
The printing of ware is done in every variety of color and 
pattern, from the coarse, simple ones to the most elaborately 
I artistic designs. In it the most beautiful and expens- 
ive colors arc employi d, u veral in the same design, by either 
printing or painting, together forming exquisitely finished 
landscapes, which, being melted into the body of the earthen- 
ware or china by heat, arc almost imperishable. In some 
cases the printing i- in gold, and has a very rich effect. The 
writer saw, during his visit to the Staffordshire Pottery, 
some years ago, many landscapes of these kinds, some finished 
in the most gorgeous and magnificent style, that would take 
rank with our best chromos or oil paintings. My family keep 
as sacred remembrances of a departed brother, some of these 
works of art, such as bunches of flowers, or nosegays, and 
clusters of different varieties of fruit so well executed in all 
their richne-- of color and luscious 1 eauty that for the moment 
one is apt to forget they are only shadows, and involuntarily 
reaches out the hand to grasp, smell and taste them. 

0. B. S. 



BOOIC OF MORMON" 
SKETCHES. 



BY J. A. LITTLE. 




( Continued. ) 

IN the days of Com there began to be robbers, organized 
after the old plan, to destrov the kingdom. Com fought 
much against these robbers, but failed to conquer them. In 
his reign many prophets again appeared among the people, 
and predicted their destruction unless they repented of their 
wickedness. The people rejected them, and they fled to Com 
for protection. He appears to have profited by their warnings, 
for he prospered the remainder of his days. He lived to a 
good old age, and was succeeded by his son Shiblom. A 
terrible war was inaugurated by the brother of Shiblom 
rebelling against hitu. That he was successful is evidenced by 
his having power to put some of the prophets to death. 
These prophets predicted that unless the people turned aside 
the evil, by repentance and reformation, a great curse should 
come upon the land, and such a destruction as had never 
before been known on the earth; that the bones of the people 
should become as heaps of earth. 

The people did not listen to the warnings of the prophets, 
and there began to be wars and contentions, famines, pesti- 
lence and great destructions. In fact, we may consider the 
rebellion of the brother of Shiblom the commencement of the 
succession of calamities which finally culminated in the entire 
destruction of the Jaredites. 

The people made some efforts to forsake their iniquities, 
and in proportion as they did so the Lord extended mercy 
to them. Shiblom was eventually slain, and Seth, probably 
his son, was made a prisoner for life; but Ahah, the son of 
Seth, obtained the kingdom and reigned over it all his days, 
which were few, for he was very wicked, and shed much blood. 
Ethem, a descendant of Ahah was his successor. He also 
proved to be a wicked ruler. During his reign there came 
again many prophets among the people, who foretold their 
entire destruction unless they repented; but they would not 
listen, and the prophets mourned and withdrew from among 
them. 

Moran, the son and successor of Ethem, was a very wicked 
man. During his reign there arose a rebellion among the 
people, through the influence of wicked combinations. A 
mighty man in wickedness arose among them. He defeated 
.Morai: and gained half of the kingdom, which he ruled over 
many years; but Moran was finally victorious, and established 
his authority again over the whole kingdom. A descendant 
of the brother of .Tared rose in rebellion, defeated Moran and 
usurped the kingdom. Morau remained a captive the rest of 
bis days, and his son Coriantor was also a captive for life. 
Moran was the last king of the Jaredites of the royal line. 
It is probable that the descendant of the brother of .Tared, 
who dethroned him, was the immediate predecessor and 
father of Coriantumr. the last king of the Jaredites. 

The prophets again appeared among the people and foretold 
two very important events which would transpire, unless they 
were averted by their repentance — their entire destruction and 
the bringing forth of another people to possess the land, by 
the power of the Lord, as their fathers had been brought; but 
the people rejected all the words of the prophets because of 
their secret societies and abominations. The days of the Jared- 
ites, on account of their wickedness, were now lapidly 
approaching a close by the complete and final fulfillment of 
the oath which the Lord swore to the brother of .Tared, "That 





JTTTBNILE 11TSTRUCTOR 




fc\ 



whoso should possess this land of promise, from that time 
henceforth and for ever, should serve Him, the true and only 
God, or the}' should be swept off when the fullness of his 
wrath should come upon them." 

It was now about 1,600 years since their fathers left the 
Tower of Babel. From the time of the events mentioned in the 
ieginning of the fifth chapter of the Book of Ether to the final 
de-truction of 'he Jaredites was probably forty or fifty years. 

Ether, the final historian, and the last of the royal line of 
the Jaredites, was the son of Ccriantor. As prophet, he gave 
them their la't warning of impending calamities on account 
of their wickedness, and was one of only two survivors of 
their final destruction. He predicted great and marvelous 
things, nut the people did not believe, because they did not 
see. They cast him out from among them, and he hid in the 
cavity of a rock by day, and went out by night among the 
people to learn what was transpiring. In this way he learned 
and recorded passing events. 

In the year in which Ether was cast out a great war com- 
ipenced, for there were many mighty men who sought to 
destroy Coriantumr, the reigning king, by their secret plans. 
Being crafty, and proficient in the art of war, he fought those 
who sought to destroy him with considerable success, and 
there were many people killed by the secret combinations that 
fought against him. His sons fought and bled much in the 
cause of their father. 

In the second year of the war the Lord directed Ether *o 
go and prophesy to Coriantumr that if he and all his house- 
hold would repent He would give him the kingdom and spare 
the people; otherwise they, including his household, -huuld be 
destroyed, and he only should survive to see the fulfillment of 
the prophecies concerning another people that should inherit 
the land, and that he should be buried by them. None 
repented, and they sought to kill Ether, but he fled and hid 
aeain in the cavity of a rock. From this time it was one 
continual stcne of battle and earnaue. One Shared rose iuto 
power, defeated Coriantumr and took him prisoner. In the 
fourth year of the war, the sons of Coriantumr were victorious, 
and reinstated their father on the throne. The war now 
spread over the whole country, every man fighting for that 
which he most desired. Coriantumr was very angry with 
Shared, and they met in treat wrath in the valley of Gilgal. 
The battle was very severe, and continued for three days. 
Coriantumr defeated Shared and pursued him to the plains 
of Beshlon. There Shared defeated Coriantumr and drove 
him back to the valley of Gilgal. [n this valley Coriantumr 
defeated and killed Shared; hut before his death Bhared 
wounded Coriantumr in the thigh, w thai be did not take the 
field again for two years. Daring this time there was one 
continual war among the people, I'T thore were none i" 
restrain them. So great was the ourse on the land thai life 

and properly were in cOUStaol jeopardy. All that men OOUld 

do was i" oli ave to their own, and be constantly ready to defend 
their lives and propertj . Two years after the death of Shared 
hi- hi' 'i ler renewed th war with Coriantumr, bul was defeated 
and pursued to the wilderness of Aki-h. Here another battle 
was fought in which thousand* were killed. Coriantumr 
besieged the brother of Bhared in the wilderness, but the 
latter marched out in th nd defeated ■ partofhii 

army when tbej were drunk, Be then came to Aloron and 
assumed the government. Coriantumr remained in the wil- 
derness with In- aiui.'. two year-. Oilead, the brother of 

Shared, was murdered by hi- Ugh priost, a- lie -at on his 

throne. In turn, a member ofuue of the secret combinations 



named Lib, murdered the priest in a secret pass, and obtained 
the kingdom. Lib was a man of larger stature than any of his 
people. In the first year of his reign, Coriantumr marched to 
the land of Moron and attacked him. In a personal encounter, 
Lib wounded Coriantuur in the arm; but the army of Lib was 
defeated, and they fled to the sea shore. Coriantumr pur- 
sued them and the battle was renewed. He was defeated, 
and he fled to the wildercess of Akish, taking all the people 
with him who were on his route. Lib followed him, and 
another battle was fought on the plains of Agosh, in which 
Coriantumr killed Lib. 

[To be Continued.) 



t 



rnvtin 



h 



"I 




BY WILLIAM FOTIIEKINGHAJI. 



[Continued.) 



WE called upon Mr. Gardner, who was in charge of the 
arsenal at Delhi, the most complete one in Upper India. 
He spared no pains to show us everything that he supposed would 
be interesting to us. Among the visitors at the same time 
were two sons of the king of Delhi, who was a king without 
a kingdom, being a pensioner of the East India Company, 
and under the surveillance of Mr. Simon Frazer and Captain 
Douglass, Commissioners. These gentlemen were shot on the 
palace grounds during the Sepoy revolt. Delhi has a magnifi- 
cent college, which is divided into different departments, 
where the English, Persian, Sanscrit and Arabic languages are 
taught, including all other educational branches. England has 
done much for India by establishing schools throughout the 
country to educate the natives, as well as in building roads, 
bridges, railroads and telegraph lines. She gave peace to a 
distracted country; for the people of India, previous to the 
English rule were in a continual state of anarchy. The inhab- 
itants do not appreciate what has been done for them, for they 
have a sullen hatred towards their benefactors, whom they call 
"eringhees." Nothing but the presence of a powerful mili- 
tary force keeps the native population in subjection. The pop- 
ulation of Delhi numbers about 160,000, seven thousand of 
whom aie Mahnmedans, the native Christians averaging a little 
over 300, the balance bt ing Hindoos, 
Before leaving Delhi 1 will refer to two historical events 

among the many which BhoW thai ancient oity to have been the 
e nitre of a most wealthy and p iworful empire, and the seat of 

learning at that early period. 

In the year 1257, when Mali 1 II Was emperor, llallaku 

was the conqueror of Persia as well a- the neighboring nations 

and was the tOITOr of all Ala. lie sent an ambassador to 

Delhi, bearings nies«si f pesos, T t this represents 

live great display and magnified were studied, ta'ab I 

sent his visier (prime ministei at the head of: OOOinlan 

try, .".ii horse, 2 ill phanl of war snd I 01 arriages 

sworks to eseorl the Persian ambassador to the royal 

presence, When Mahm I gave tins minister audience hi 

throne was surrounded by the principal dignitaries of the 

empire, clothed in gorgi s attire. After the death of Mah 

mood, who had i us. I.alin. hi- vi/ier, ascended the throne 

of Delhi. Hows ei dials e of fraudulent oh nrso 

ten, and expelled from hi- i ri all usurers, flatterc snd 



' 



A 




io 



JTJYBUILE IITSTBTJOTOB. 




players. He encouraged talent, and rewarded with studied 
care al 1 who performed valuable services. He made his court 
an asylum for over twenty sovereigns of 'Western Asia, who 
were rendered fugitives from their kingdoms by the arms of 
Hallaku the conqueror. Balin furnished them palaces aud 
provided them with all necessaries suitable to their rank from 
his own revenues, and admitted them to his presence aud 
throne on all public occasions. The most learned men from 
all Asia accompanied their respective princes, making Delhi 
their home during the reign of Balin. 'The court of India," 
says Feri.-hta, the historian, "was, in the days of Balin. ie-k- 
oned the most polite and magnificent in the world. All the 
philosophers, poets and divines formed a society every night 
at the house of Prince Shehaid, the heir apparent to the 
empire. Another society of musicians, dancers, mimics 
players, buffoons and story-tellers was constantly convened at 
the house of the emperor's second son, Kera, who was given 
to pleasure and levity. The omrahs (lords) followed the exam- 
ple of their superior*, so that various societies and clubs were 
formed in every quarter of the city." 

We sojourned a month in Delhi, doing all we could in public 
and private, by the sale of our standard works and the distri- 
bution of pamphlets, to enlighten the few Christians in rela- 
tion to the gospel. They seemed to have no relish for the 
plan of salvation, but were willing to be left alone with their 
ido's Vt'e concluded to visit Kurnaul, seventy-three miles 
north of Delhi We frequently had a \i-if from a Mr. Mail- 
dock, the postmaster of that place, who invited us to call < n 
1 im at Kurnaul and he would provide us a home while theie. 
Being short of fund-, we were obliged to adopt the same 
measures as in Meerut, namely to visit the friends we made 
and ask them to assist us. By this method, which was not 
very congenial to our feelings, we raised fourteen rupees. 
Several whom we visited offered to return the books they 
had bought from us, stating that they had veiy little use for 
them, and that we could sell them again and use the proceeds 
We wMit to the post office and engaged our passage to Kui- 
naul in the bullock wagons, by paying one rupee two annas. 
The baboo in charge of the bullock wagon department agreed 
to cive us half the space the waeon contained for us and our 
luggage; but when wo got our baggage to the depot, the 
baboo showed us our wagon which contained considerable 
freight with several native- and their traps. E'der Woolley 
a-ked the baboo if he caleula'ed that we were going to ride 
with these natives; if he did, he was mistaken, After consid- 
erable remonstrance, ihe n -rives w^re put into another 
wagon. 

We lefi Delhi after dark, and before reaching Kurnaul we 
came to Paniput, which ia famous in Indian history as the 
place where a ei sat I attle was fought in 1560, by Akbar, the 
kin-: of the M guls, on one side, and Ilium, the vizier of 
Mohammed the u urper, on the other. Himu's arn 
sisted of 100,000 horse; Akbar's army was much smaller. 
Ilimuledthe charge on a lowering elephant. He was shot 
through the eye with an arrow. While in this wounded con 
dition the driver of his elephant, to wive himself, directed the 
animal where the en '• "• I oiil' 'bis llimu was 

surrounded and taken prisoner, and was pu( in death, and his 

- were routed. 
After thirty-eight hours' travel we arrived at Kurnaul. 
Mr. Maddock received us kindly and had breakfa I prepared 
for us, after which b i servant to prepare an empty 

bungalow for us to occupy while we tarried in Kurnaul. 

(7ci be Continued.) 



FttTls&AJBjT improve- 
ment. 



THROUGH the efforts of Sister Eliza R. Snow and others, 
Primary Improvement Associations have been established 
n many of the Wards throughout the Territory, for thebenefitof 
the very young of both sexes. The members usually range from 
six to fourteen years of age, and they are presided over by 
sisters of experience, who have the faculty of attracting the 
children. Through the medium of these associations, doubt- 
less, much good will be accomplished, as many children can be 
attracted to the meetings and trained in these associations who 
could not be very well reached by the other Improvement 
Associations. Every observant person knows that principles 
impressed upon the minds of children frequently have a great 
iuflucnce upon their lives, therefore, every organization among 
the Latter-day Saints having for its object the proper training 
of the little ones should have the cordial support of the people. 

There is a very good association of this kind in the 11th 
Ward of this City, presided over by Sister Louie Pelt. The 
children take great interest in attending the meetings, and 
Sister Felt is quite pleased with her success. She has lately 
encouraged the members in writing essays, and she sends us 
the following as samples ot what she received from them: 
From L. Enobero, Acied 9 Yeaks. 

I Ff el thankful for this association. I know it will benefit mo 
and all those who will take an interest in it. 1 pray that the bless- 
ing and spirit of God may be poured out upon every member, 
and especially upon the president and counselors, that they may 
he filled with wisdom and power to instruct the young in the 
way that they should walK, so, when grown up, they may never 
depart from it 



.Vy Dear little Brothers and Sisters' 

As 1 am appointed to write an essay, I will take Prayer for my 
subject 

Prayer is one of the greatest and most important of all things. 
"We should all learn to pray, not only night and morning, but in 
th.3 day time as well; for when our little brothers and sisters are 
sick we should pray in our hearts and have faith that they will 
get well. And we should prav for all that we need, and the Lord 
will answer our prayers inasmuch as we ask sincerely. 

Daniel prayed in the linns' d- n, and the Lord beard his prayer, 
and the lions did not hurt him. 

When we. pray, we should pray for President John Taylor and 
all good men, and we should pray for Sister Felt and her counsel- 
ors, and lor one another, and Ihe Lord will bless us. When we 
pray, do we think what we are praying about'' For if wo don't, 
w.i ought to. When we hear the missionaries talk about the 
goodness of God, shown to them, and when they have had no 
place to sleep do you think they did not pray in earnestr 

Your little brother, 
Aged 12 years. William G. Crabbx. 



L/9 



My Dear little Brothers and Sisters: 

I have chosen for my subject, Good Behavior: 

\\ hen we go to meeting or Sunday school, we do not go to talk 
and laugh, but we go to learn. 

I do not think God is pleased with us when we do Eot behave 
vi - a- we ought to. 

But I think it would please Him to se u us quiet, and attentive 
to what is said. And we would learn much more by it. 

And another thing, it is not pleasing to the person who is preach- 
h'ng to us a- lie e in see all that we do, from where he stands. 

.My dr. ii- little brother" and ristcre, when you go to meeting in 
future I hope you will think of what I have said, for God's holy 
angels are everywhere, hearing and seeing nil that wo do a.id 
say. 

That we may all do better in the future, is the prayer of 
Aged 18 years. . Amy Humiirt, 



"hi 



IT! 






J TJ^TElsr I LE HTSTRTJCTOB. 



11 




^unasUic<2 in IQunwti, Jfooil 



AMONG THE CHINESE. 
( Continued. ) 



MUCH more might be siid than has been of the curious 
features of Chinese living. As a race, the Chinese are, 
perhaps, the most abstemious and self-denying people in exist- 
ence. They can live upon the very poorest and cheapest food, 
and consume the least quantity, when they are disposed to, so 
that it costs next to nothing to support them. This is one of 
the reasons why the people of California object to Chinese 
inmigration. They work for lower wages and jet save more 
money than white men can, as their food costs them so little. 
And yet, as we have shown, for such a fancied luxury as birds' 
nest soup, which is of no real value, they are ready to pay the 
most exorbitant price. The proverbial fondness of the Englii-h 
people for roast beef and plum-pudding on Sunday, which is 
said to induce some among the poorer classes to go hungry 
all the week to enable them to indulge in these luxuries ou 
that day, is not to to be compared to the inconsistent habits 
of the Chinese. There is something really substantial about 
those English dishes, but the same cannot be said of birds' 
nest soup. Its value as a food is purely imaginary. 

The Chinese also imagine that the fle^h of Mack dogs and 
cats is more nourishing than that of other colors. At certain 
restaurants in the cities of China, called Kow-Yuk-Poo, the 
flesh of dogs and cats is served. The carcasses of dogs are 
suspended in the windows of the-e places, and placards 
announce that a dish of black cat or dog will be prepared at a 
moment's notice. 

AMONG THE BEDOUINS. 

The following curious account is given of the style of living 
among the Bedouin Arabs. 

"Living in the desert, and only traveling from one fertil; 
spot to another, they cannot be l xpected to be very delicate 
in regard to provisions, nor to pos8< s> any great skill in cookery. 
Their greatest luxury i< a feast on boiled mutton and the whole 
process of cooking and serving is almost ludicrously simple. 
The body of a sheer' is cut up and thrown into a pot, together 
with a sufficiency of water. The pol i v then placed on the 
fire, and in process of time it boils. When it is about two- 
thirds cooked, according to our ideas, the hungry Bedouins 
can wait no longer; it is all turned into a large wooden 
bowl; and the guests assemble round it. Their hands are 
plunged ir.to the bowl, the Scalding and half-ran meal is 
quickly torn to pieces, and in five minutes nothing is left but 
the cleanly picked bones. No vegetables are addi d to it, and 
no condiments are though) needful. Water is then p : 
round in another bowl or pail, a deep draught is taken, and 
the feasl is over." 

"The bread of the Bedouin i aasimplt osthecookery. The 
baker pours a' few handfuls ol flour upon a circular piece of 
leather, then a little water upon it, and kneidd it into di 
Another man has in the meantime been preparing a fin 
.,. S oon a^ it burns up the dough is patted into a thin circular 
cake, about one inch 'lii'-k and six inches in diameter. This i - 
laid on the fire an I covered with ember . an I after b ting turned 
once or twice, and il e ashes brushed off, it is taken from the 
fire broken up, and eaten as it i- 'half-kneaded half-raw, 
half-r lasted, and burnt all round.' Were it not eaten while 
still hot, it would beco a i to igh an 1 leathery that not even 



a Bedouin could eat it. In fact, it very much resembles the 
rough-and-ready bread of the Australian shepherds, which is 
so well known under the name of 'damper.' One advantage 
of this style of bread is, that it can be readi'y cooked on a 
journey, and, on special occasions, a camel rider can even bake 
his bread while on the back of his dromedary." 



COMBUSTIOlsr. 



BY OEO. Q. COBAY. 



IN order to fully explain the several phenomena attending 
the combustion of the most common inflammable substances 
it will be necessary to call the reader's attention to a few of 
the elements most essential to combustion, as well as their 
chemical combinations. 

The first and most essential of these is oxygen. It is found 
in all organized matter, and also in combination with most 
minerals; but its principal source is the air, of wLich it com- 
poses the one-fifth part. 

The next in importance is hydrogen, which is also contained 
in all animal and vegetable matter, as well as making up the 
one-ninth part of pure water. 

Carbon is another essential ingredient of the ordinary com- 
bustibles. It is a very common substance, perhaps more 
familiarly known as charcoal, and is aho the principal light- 
producing agent contained in tallow, petroleum and coal gas. 

We will now return to the subject under consideration, 
namely, combustion, which in its real sense means the act of an 
element uniting with oxygen, forming a compound of the two 
elements, each being contained in its equivalent proportion. 
Furthermore, in the union of every atom of oxygen with one 
cr more atoms of another element, there is a certain amount 
of heat given off, no matter what the length of time consumed 
in the operation. Hence, let a stick of wood be finely splintered, 
placed in a furnics or grate, aDd ignited, and another of the 
same size exposed to the action of moisture and air until it is 
entirely decomposed, the chemical change will be identically 
the same; therefore, precisely the same amount of heat will 
be liberated, notwithstanding the difference in the length of 
time required for the decomposition. 

Let us see what is the process of decomposition, andinquire 
a little into the phenomena attending quick combustion. But 
(by the way of explanation) oxygen unites with mosl elements 
at all temperatures; but when the temperature of the substance 
is raised to a certain high! (varying with different elements) 
quick combustion commences; generally culled taking lire. 

We will lake for example :i jel of hydrogen issuing from the 
aperture of a generating flask. We examine the orifice. 
There is apparently nothing escaping, as the gas is colorless, 
leu let tin' tempera'ure be raised by the applioation of a 
lighted match and the gaf immediately bursts into a flame of 
quiok combustion, Thi i caused by the oxygen of the atmos- 
phere enti ring into n rapid union with the hydrogen, liberating 

SO niueb heal ilia I i he particles of h\ dm [I ai a Milne a dull red 

lustre; causing a slightly colored Same. Lei an open, inverted 
jar be held so thai the flame burns in ide, and the compound of 
oxygen and hydrogen, united in theii exacl equivalent propor 
linn will sonden a on the Bides of the jar, which on examination 

will be found to be pure water, showing thai the hydi in is 

do! annihilated as would appear, bul Bimply combined with 
the oxygen. 

Now let the mouth of the jar be closed in such a way as to 
hIhii out the air from ihc flame, and ii will he extinguished 








IS 



JUTENILE IWSTBITCTOB 




S .A. O IR, J^ IMI IE 2ST T .A. T_. H "Z" Isd: 3ST 



Words by E. R. Snow 
E=f 



EE!E=IeEE^ 



=i- 



:zd=3: 






K-l 



Music by Thos. McIntyre. 



F 3 ^ -j -, . — . y * " -H 1 y -== — I -i — — 



How great 
His preci 



=8EE3zE 



the 
ous 



*_(=-- 



WIS - 

blood 



dom 
He 



and 
free 



the 

ly 



We That 
spilt — His 



fill'd 
life 



the 
He 



courts 
free 



on 

ly 



high, 
gave: 



l=t=rrt=p:F 



zt_-f=>: 



:t^EEEEEEEEE±==:*=E= |==t:=Er^:^= N=3. 



££EE*EEE?ISEl 



And 
A 






-= _ '_P_ I J 

— i — ^-FH — 9 -°-?— t - x=z ^-* — r . e *- 



-IS- 



=erf_=: 






sent 

sin 
i 



the 

less 



Savior 
sac - ri 



rf^=i=r 



~--t-t: 



4r__t: 



from a ■ 

fice for 

'•-m -m- 



hove To 
guilt, A 



bleed 
world 



3EEFEEE 



:t 



i— r 



zB-r. 



and 
to 

-i« 



Z=t= 



-p: 



5EEE£E 



BE 



die! 
save. 



:t 



Through strict obed'ence Jesus won 

The prize with glory rife: 
"Thy will, O God, not mine, be done," 

Adorn'd His mortal life. 

He mark'd the path and led the way, 

And every point defines, 
To light and life and endless day, 

Where God's full presence shines. 



How great, how glorious and complete 
Redemption's grand design; 

Where justice, love and mercy meet 
In harmony divine 1 

In mem'ry of the broken flesh 

We eat the broken bread; 
And witness with the cup, afresh, 

Our faith in Christ, our head. 



op3Z-A.:r,^:d:es 



BY J. J. C. 



My first is very large; 

My second is an indispensable article of diet; 
My third contains my second in great abundance; 
My whole is found in Utah. 



BY D. II. LAMBERT. 



My first in mouse but not in rat, 
My second in dog but nut cat, 
My third in grin but not in laugh, 
My fourth in cow but not in calf, 
My fifth in gone nut not in come, 
My sixth in finished but not in done- 
My whole is an ancient prophet's name 
Who to a modern prophet came. 



Correspondence. 



PUZZLE 



My father did promise that every birthday 

He'd give me five dollars (and put them away), 

While I should keep single; the money was there 

For twenty-eight years—] then had my Bhare. 

Forty dollars the sum had grown then to be, 

And 1 want you, young readers, to explain that to me. 



Cedar City, 

December 24th, 1878. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother: — By request of Brother Robert 
Heyborne, superintendent of the Sunday schools of the Stake, 
allow me to inform you that on the 8th instant the Sunday school 
ot this place held a jubilee. 

The exercises consisted of reciting pieces from sacred writ by 
classes, declamations and dialogues. One class took the apostasy 
and scattering of ancient Israel, as contained in the Bible, 
another class followed with the restoration of the gospel. The 
whole was interspersed with beautiful singing by the adult and 
juvenile choirs. 

Truly yours in the covenant, 

Louis Fibuer. 

cTTjrv-Ensrix.Ei iNBTnuoToa 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



TEORGE Q. CANNON. 



ED1TOF. 




It is easy to pick holes in other people's work, but it is far 
more profitable to do better work yourself. Is there a fool in 
all the world who eannot criticise? Those who can themselves 
do good service are but as one to a thousand compared with 
those who can see faults in the labor of others. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, }>er Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent bv Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 
^-Office, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks Wes 
I °f Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




