■'^9^<^^<>^<>^<^^P^<^^^^^ 




^^ /iJiistrated Magaxl^^ 

^ DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. 



•^^^^'^^^ 




George Q. Cannon, Editor, 



CONTENTS 



Thf llurdy PUUt-niian. Jllustralcd.) 

liidepeixleiice uf titc 3Ilii<l, by J. H. W, 

HealtUKtheSlck, by W. .1. 

HlMtury of tlie CUiirch. 

Lord i^fclKOn. 

ToplcH of tliv Times, by The Editor. 

Irou Gray, liy .1 ('. 

Editorial ThouKhta. 

ASiiiiiiiier Ouy. (Illu-<ti.itt.'il.) Ipy ll<)iues|Hin. 



Chaptcrfor the L«lttl« Ones. 
EHHuy oik Sitiiday ScUooln, )iy .T. A. i.^ngliii 
IMI(;lit $t^en«H l» a Cri'4*at City, by Kuunou. 
Travels In India, by WiMi.ani l'\>lliei-iiiu'li:iin 
Aik Incident oik the Khiuc. 
Adiiklral Itluke AiuoikK tikc PIraleH. 
IntereHtIn;; litvldentit. 

/.Ion PronpcrHl All Ih AVeli, WonK by V.. \\ 
Siu>w. Mii.sic by E. Sli'phens. 



Published by Geopge Q. Cannon, 
at salt lake city. u. t. 

Office, Sonth Temple St., between First and Second West Sts, 




JUST RECEIVED 

AT THE JU\^ENILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE, AND 

FOR SALE CHEAPER THAN AT ANY 

OTHER PLACE IN TOWN. 

HANDSOME PICTUEE BOOKS, suitable for holiday presents, at prices 

ranging from 10 cts. to S3.00. 
THE POETS, red-line edition, in elegant gilt binding. Very appropriate for 

holiday presents. 
FAMILY BIBLES, illustrated, in handsome, durable binding. 
AUTOGRAPH ALBUMS, in many different styles, from 10 cts. each upwards. 
POCKET BOOKS in almost endless variety, from 10 cts. to $4.00 each. 
MARK TWAIN'S SCRAP BOOKS, in various sizes and styles. 
KDBBER POCKET INKSTANDS AND PENHOLDERS, the best and 

cheapest. 
AUTOMATIC PENCILS, the handiest ever invented for carrying in the 

pocket. 
SMALL RECORDS, in leather binding, designed especially for keeping a 

daily journal in, in many styles and sizes. 
BLANK BOOKS of all kinds, from the smallest memorandum up to large, 

full-bound ledgers. 
INDELIBLE PENCILS, suitable for marking linen. 
LEAD PENCILS, from Faber's, Dixon's and other noted manufactories, from 

the cheapest to the very best. 
WRITING PAPER, in all the different sizes, and of varied quality and price. 
WRITING FLUIDS AND COPYING INKS, from Arnold's, Sanford's, 

Goddard's, etc*, in all sized bottles. 
PENS, Gillott's Esterbrook's etc., of all grades, by the box or loose. 
PAPETERIE, in many different sizes and styles. 
ENVELOPES of all sizes and styles. 
WEDDING CARDS, with envelopes to match, in many different styles. Can 

be printed on short notice if desired. 
AUTOMATIC BOOK AND SHAWL STRAPS, a very handy invention, 3S 
to 50 cts. each. 
REWARD CARDS for Sunday or day schools, from the cheapest to the most 

elaborate and handsome. 
PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, (our own make), suitable for students to write their 

exercises in, or for any person to take minutes of meetings in. Paper 

good for either pen or pencil writing. Ruled, 20 eta., plain, 15 cts. 



PARTIAL CATALOOUE 

OF 

CHURCH PUBLICATIONS 

FOR SALE AT THE 
Salt Zake City, Utah. 



BOOK OF MORMON, with references, Roan, 1.75; Calf grain gilt, 2.60; 

Morocco, extra gilt, 83.00. 
DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references. Cloth, 1.00; Leather, 1.25, 

Calf grain, gilt, 52.50; Morocco, extra gilt, $3.00. 
SPENCER'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the 

Church, Cloth, $1.00; Koan, Sl.'io; Calf grain, gilt, $1.60; Morocco, gilt, 82.25. 
KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 75cts.; 

Roan, $1 00; Calf grain, $1.50; Morocco, gilt, $2.00. 
PEARL OF GREAT PRICE. Paper, 30 eta,; Boards, 40 cts.; Cloth, 50cta.; CToth 

gilt, 60 cts. 
DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY? discussion between Elder 

O. Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which is added three discourses on 

celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, George A. Smith and George Q. 

Cannon, 25ct3. 
A REVIEW of the Decision of the Supreme Court of the U. S. in the case ol 

Geo. Reynolds, by Geo. Q. Cannon, 25ct3. 
FRUITS OF MORMONISM, by A. M. Musser; 25cU. 
THE MORMON QUESTION, correspondence between Vice Prealdent Schuy- 

ler Colfax and President John Taylor, lOcts.' 
DEATH OF PRESIDENT BEIGHAM YOUNG, with sketcheo of hla life and 

labors, lOcts. 
DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, lt« 

&ith and teachings. A 24 page tract, by Elder John Morgan, 40cts. per 

dozen. 
THE PLAN OF SALVATION, a tract of 24 pages, by Elder John Morgan, 

40ct8. per dozen. 
FIRST BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIEND.S, 10 eta. 
SECOND BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 20 eta. 
QUESTIONS ANT) ANSWERS ON THE LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 

PROPHET JOSEPH .SMITH, 10 cts. 
MY FIR.ST MLSSION, a narrative of personal experience aa a missionary 

upon the Sandwich Islands, containing an account of the introduction of 

the gospel to the Hawaiian people, interesting description of their cus- 
toms, etc., by Elder George Q. Cannon, 2.5cts. 
A STRING OF PEAKL-5, containing the following interesting sketches 

embracing a variety of subjects, and written by a number of well-known 

authors, among whom are President John Taylor, the late Elder W. C. 

Staines, and others: Among the Poncas; Anecdotes of Elder J. M. Grant; 



War Mill; Sign Seeking; Missiomiry Incidents; Journey Across th*> Plains: Story 
of a Sat; A Prophesy and its PtdjUlment; Guided by Providence fnlfilhnent 
of Promise; Yoa Slmlt not be Confounded; An Effective Plea; A I. .fe Sketch; 
Oases of Miraculous ITealing; Answer to Prayer; Joseph SmUh's .'Vr.v/ Prayer^ 
25cts. 

LEAVES FROM MY lOURXAL, by President W. Woodruif, sketches 
of his wonderful missionary experience, and the most interesting inci- 
dents of his life, together with his testimony concerning the ministrations 
of the Holy Si»irit, 25cts. 

GEMS FOE THE YOUNG FOLKS, Sketches of personal experience 
etc., by Bishops A. A, Kimball, Benjamin Brown, Elder H. G. Boyle and 
others, embracing the following: Finding a Father; Saved by Providence; 
Warnings of the Spirit; Robert Hamilton; How Success is Gained; Help in 
Time of Need; Overcoming Diffidence; The Lord unll Provide; Dialogue on 
Religion; Testimonies for Ike Truth, 25cts. 

JACOB HAMBLIN, a narrative of bis personal experience, as a frontiersman, 
missionary to the Indians and explorer, disclosing interpositions of 
Providence, severe privations,.perilous situations and remarkable escapes, 
•Wets. 

FRAGMENTS OF EXPERIENCE, the Sixth book of the Faith-Promoting 
Series, a collection of sketches by a number of well-known authors, 
among whom are Presidents Anson Call, W. W. Cluff and William Budge, 
Bishop L. D. Y'oung and others, 25ct3. 

PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," a narrative of the principal incidents in the 
career of one of the most remarkable men of the age, including an 
account of the introduction of the gospel into Great Britain— an intensely 
interesting volume, 2.1 cts. 

EARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HISTORY, the eighth book of the "Faith- 
Promoting Series," a collection of incidents from the lives of Elders of 
the Church in early days, showing how the power of God has been dis- 
played in scores of instances in behalf of the Saints in healing the sick, 
etc. It includes the following sketches: Show us a Sign; Contest with Riii 
Spirits; Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot; Scenes in the British Mission; Re- 
markable Heatings; Philo Dibble's Narrative; 25 cts. 

THE LIFE OF NEPHI, The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from Jerusalem, 
in Judea, to the land which is now known as South America, about six 
centuries before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. Cannon, of the 
First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day S.%ints. 
Ninth Book of the Faith-Peomoting Seribs. Published and for sale 
at this Office. Price '25 cents. 

SCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth Book of the Faith-Promotino 
Series, containing some very Interesting items from the Journals of 
Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel Knight. Price per copy 25 
cents. 

INTEMPERANCE; an Appeal to the Y'outh of Zion, 24 pages, paper cover, 
5 cents. 

JAQUES' CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN, stiff covers, IScts.; cloth gilt, SOcts.; 

HYMN BOOK, Sixteenth Edition, Roan, 75cts.; Calf grain, $.1.00; Calf grain, 
gilt, $1.10; Morocco, extra gilt, $1.65. 

"MORMON" DOCTRINE, Pl.ain and Simple, or Leaves from the Tree of Life 
an explanation of the principles of the Gospel in twelve tersely written 
chapters, followed by an original poem and an appendix giving scriptural 
references for all the subjects treated upon in the body of the work. A 
handy volume for anyone, 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE MORMON BATTALION, by Sergeant D. Tyler, a com- 
plete account of the experience of that.renowned body of men, together 
with the causes that led to their enlistment, and various other matters of 
interest. A most important and interesting history. Cloth, 82.50; 
leather, 8.00; moroi'co, gilt, $4,25. 

BAPTISM FOR THE KFMISSION OF SINS, a four-p.ige Tract, by Elder 
C. H. Bliss, y^tl. Ciicb. 

ISJ BAPTISM ESSENTIAL TO .SALVATION? a tract of 4 pages, by C. H. 
Bliss, V^ cent each. 

THE YEAR OF JUBILEE, a report of the proceedings at the Fiftieth 

Annual Conference of the Church 25cts. 
HISTORY OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE SEVENTflS, l>y Joseph 

Young, Sen.. 25ci.s. 
CATECHISM CARD.s— Restoration ol the Gospel, first ^tmiaxiitu of the 

Gospel; The Book of Mormon; The Word of Wisdom; John the Baptist; 

The First Commandment; Angels; Self-Denial; Reward; Chapter on Prayer; 

Wisdom; The Knowledge of God; Love for One Another; Love of God; 

Prayer; The Third Commandment; Cards containing the Articles of Faith; 

The blessings on the Bread aud Wine; and the Ten Commandments, 

Price, let. each, or $1.00 per 100. 
A VOICE FROM THE MOUNTAINS, a Testimony of the Truth of the 

Gospel as Eevealed to Joseph Smith, 24 pages, paper cover, 10 cents; 
THE MODERN PROPHET, a 24-page tract, by Elder John Nicholson, 3 cts. 
POEMS, religious, historical and political, by Eliza R. Snow, Vol. 1, cloth, 

6(lct3.; cloth, gilt, Toets.; morocco, gilt, $2.23; Vol. 2, cloth $1.00; cloth, gilt, 

$1.25; calf, gill, S'-'.oii; morocco, gilt, $2.25. 
GLAD TIDINGS <JK GREaT JOY, an 8-page tract, 1 cent each. 
MILLENNIAL .STAR. Vi.ls. 34, 35, 3G, 37, 38, 39, 40 and 41, $2.00 per vol. 
THE MARTYRS, by Lyman O. Littlelield, 50 cla. 
VOICE OF WARNING, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 50 cts; Leatheret, 65ct«.; 

Calf grain, $1.10; Morroco, extra gilt, $175. 
ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD, by President John Taylor, lOcts. 
BOOK OF ABRAHAM, its authenticity established, by Geo. Reynolds, 25cts. 
THE UTAH PIONEER.S, celebration of the entrance of the pioneers into 

Great Salt Lake Valley, etc., lOcis. 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1884. 



NO. 5. 



ev( 
|& noi 



THE lands- 
man, how- 
ever difficult 
or dangerous 
his trade, can 
scarcely imag- 
ine the ski 
and courage 
which the sue 
cessful sea- 
f i.sh e rm a n 
must po.=ses.s. 
Nor IS it ca.sy 
to understand 
how the sea- 
going husband 
and father can 
maintain his 
family and 
himself and be 
contented up- 
on the meagre 
returns afford- 
ed by his 
perilous occu- 
pation. There 
are, to be sure, 
peculiarly for- 
tunate individ- 
uals followine 
the vocation 
of fishermen, 
and tliere arc 
occasioDal sea- 
sons of gener- 
al good luck 
With sucV 
people and 
such times th 
returns an 
possibly equal 
to the labor, 
even if they dn 
not balance 



THE HARDY FISHERMAN. 




the peril. But 
ordinarily the 
fisherman 
takes more 
risks of life 
and limb, la- 
bors harder 
and submits to 
more exposure 
forasmallerre- 
turn than any 
other crafts- 
man known. 

The pretty 
cut represents 
a herring- 
fisher taking 
ashore his pro- 
lific catch. The 
herring fisher- 
ies are probab- 
ly the most 
productive in 
the world, and 
give employ- 
ment to a larg- 
er number of 
jiersons than 
any other 

f od -produc- 
ing iudustry 
oul.'-idcof agri- 
culture. Fi.sh- 
iug for herring 
(iresents won- 
derfully tempt- 
ing and yet 
li a 7, a rd ous 
fialures. The 
season is as 
long as the 
year; and the 
hardy sailor 
spreads h 





GG 



J-U-VEITILEI TlsTST^E^TJOTOI?.. 




nets through all the months; in Summer's heat and Winter's 
icy storm. The herring is an inhabitant of the deep sea water, 
whence it migrates shoreward at frequent intervals. The 
largest shoals of the fish are found in the months of August 
and September, during which time the industry is most active. 
The favorite boat in use is the undecked or open one repre- 
sented in the picture, as it allows a greater proportion of space 
for nets and catch. Each boat is manned by a crew of four 
to eight men, and has a train of nets nearly a mile in length. 
When the little vessel has arrived at the selected spot, the 
nets are all paid out, and at sunset, when they are all trailed, 
the crew go to rest. Sometimes they awake to find their cast 
vain; at other times their little craft will barely contain the 
catch; while not unfrequently they are roused to battle for 
life with the fierce sea. Every little port has its tales of boats 
which sailed out with the afternoon sun shining upon their 
white sails, and never came back to shore. And yet the true 
fisherman is wedded to his life of toil, privation and jeopardy. 
And even the women and children, who may in any gale be 
made widows and orphans, are devoted to the sea-shore and to 
the illimitable harvest field beyond. 

The fisherman finds a ready sale for his herring, thousands 
of tons of which are shipped all over the civilized world every 
year. We get them in many forms here in Utah; but the 
most common is the "bloater," which, properly dressed, is a 
very palatable fish. 



INDEPENDENCE OF THE 
MIND. 



BY J. H. W. 




AN amusing illustration of the absurdities of infidel tLeories 
maybe found in the journal of the late Professor Schleiden. 
He says: "Some years ago I was very intimate with the 
directing physician of a lunatic asylum, and I used industri- 
ously to avail myself, of the liberty I thus obtained, to visit at 
will the house and its inhabitants. Ooe morning I entered 
the room of a madman whose constantly varying hallucinations 
especially interested me. I found him crouching down by 
the stove, watching with close attention a saucepan, the con- 
tents of which he was carefully stirring. At the noise of my 
entrance he turned round and with a look of greatest import- 
ance whispered, 'Hush, hush! don't disturb my little pigs; 
they will be ready directly.' Full of curiosity to know whither 
his diseased imagination now led him I approached nearer. 
'You see,' said he, with a very wise look upon his face, 'here 
I have blood, pig's bones, and bristles in the saucepan — every- 
thing that is necessary ; we only want a little warmth, and 
the young pigs will be ready made again.' " 

Laughable as this incident may appear, it is questionable, if 
the mere form of the delusion were the criterion of insanity, 
whether some of our distinguished naturalists would not have 
to take up their abode in an insane asylum. 

Thus far we have only considered the origin of life, as con- 
firmatory of man's spiritual nature. There are, however, 
other themes which point as clearly to the same truth. The 
functions of the nervous system— sensation and voluntary 
motion — cannot be explained by any other theory. The nerve- 
structure only implies a capability of reception and transmis- 
sion. In other words, it is the telegraph system that conveys 



intelligence to, and transmits the wishes of the immortal soul. 
It is true that the active exertions of the power of the soul, 
require a corresponding health in the bodily organs, since the 
most accomplished artisan cannot exhibit his full powers with 
imperfect tools and materials; yet as the injury or destruction 
of the implement is no proof of the death of the artisan, 
so the injury or destruction of the body destroys not the 
soul. 

Nothwithstanding the importance of healthy nerve-structure 
for the manifestation of mental phenomena, the mind is not 
so entirely dependent on the brain as is genorally supposed. 
According to the best medical testimony, every part of the 
brain has been, in one instance or another, destroyed or dis- 
organized without alFecting the corresponding intellectual 
powers. Abercrombie tells us of a lady in whom one-half of 
the brain was disorganized, but who retained all her faculties 
to the last, except that one eye and one ear had become 
unable to perform their ofiiees. Her powers of reasoning and 
discrimination between right and wrong remained as strong as 
ever. A patient of Dr. Kingdon, of Stratton, Cornwall, was 
kicked by a horse. The whole of the brain on one side was 
taken out and a silver false skull put on. Yet he recovered 
and his intellect was in no respect disordered by the accident. 
In the attack on the Redan fort, at the seige of Sebastopol, a 
young soldier was shot through the left parietal bone by a 
minnie bullet. The brain protruded through the orifice in the 
skull and a .surgeon thrust his finger to its full length within the 
bain to find the bullet, and the portion of the skull which had 
been carried inward. Neither could be discovered. Yet the 
wound healed and the man continued lively and intel- 
ligent. 

There is no constant relation between the integrity of mind 
and body. The mind is sometimes an agonizing sufferer, 
while the body is in perfect health; and only slowly, and by 
degrees, the mind brings the bodily organs into a sympathetic 
state. Though the body cannot long resist the influence of 
mental disease ; yet the mind can effectually resist the depres- 
sing influence of bodily disease or bodily pain, even to the 
period of their separation. Paralysis has unnerved and 
unstrung the whole system and yet the mind has remained 
uninjured. Such was the case with the great French states- 
man, Talleyrand, who, with a body like a living tomb, retained 
his faculties unimpaired. Nor need we more than allude to 
the rejoicing moment of the dying saint or the triumphs of 
the martyr at the stake, to show that the mind can continue 
in calm serenity, while the body is enduring the most excru- 
ciating torments, or losing at once its vitality and power. 

This is also manifest in what is termed conscionsitess, which 
may be defined as the knowledge which the mind has of its 
own operations. In the sphere of consciousness are produced 
what are called ideas. Some of these are related to physical 
objects; of such are our notions of figure, extension, number 
and space. Others are independent of any object perceptible 
to the bodily senses. Such are the ideas of good and evil, 
just and unjust, true and false, etc. 

Connected with consciousness we may include sensations, 
sentiments and emotions. When we say we feel heat or cold, 
etc., we refer to sensation ; when we speak of feelings of the 
sublime and beautiful, of esteem and gratitude, etc., we refer 
to sentiments ; and when we speak of feelings of pleasure or 
pain, joy or sorrow, we refer to emotions. Now these senti- 
ments and emotions of the mind have a wonderful influence 
upon the body. For example, joy causes a brilliancy of the 
eyes, an inclination to sing, jump and laugh. Melancholy 



-»s<aP 




J-TJ^EIsriLE IIsTSTI^TJCTOI^. 




produces a directly opposite effect from joy. The emotion of 
anger urges the circulation of the blood to the utmost vehem- 
ence, sometimes producing tremors or spasmodic action of the 
muscles. It acts also upon the secretions — the saliva milk and 
bile — which often become actually poisoned. The sickness 
and death of many children are caused by taking the milk of 
an enraged mother. 

The independent action of the miad is also manifest in the 
phenomenon of sleep. That personality is not suspended, is 
proved by voluntary waking at a predetermined hour. 

Dreaming is another proof of mental activity and inde- 
pendence. Then the mind is withdrawn from the ordinary 
influences of the world around, and lives, as it wore, in a 
-world of its own. Hence the adaptability of the dream state 
to spiritual communication and inspiration, as referred to so 
often in the scriptures. In examining thus a few particulars 
in which the bodily organization is acted upon by its spiritual 
inhabitant, we find abundant proof of the independent nature 
of the soul, as taught in holy writ. 



•^ — »♦- 



HEALING THE SICK. 



BY W. J. 



"PATHER AI>AM'S sons and daughters are subject to much 
-*- afHiction and very many diseases here in mortality, and, 
although it is claimed that much is known relative to the pro- 
per treatment of disease, yet there exists a vast amount of 
ignorance of the cause and cure of the ills of humanity ; and 
the results are, destructive experimenting, waste of precious 
life, heartrending bereavements, and sorrow such as no pen 
can depict. How, then, should sickness and disease be 
treated? 

In the Polynesian island of Samoa, when a person is 
afflicted with disease, no medicine is given internally, but the 
priest, or "mystery man," applies oil to the exterior of the 
sick man, and appeals to the "god of diseases" to restore him 
to health. If he dies, the doctor's reputation is effected, but 
he interviews the spirit of the dead man, and learns from him 
that through some crime of the sick man, committed at an 
earlier period of his life, against the gods, he so offended 
them that it was impos.sible for all the priests on the island to 
prevail with them to heal his body or preserve his life ; and 
thus the reputation of the "mystery man" is sustained and 
increased. Tradition seems to have favored the untutored 
Samoan with a very faint idea of an ancient and correct 
method of administering to the sick. 

In Old ('alabar a favorite method of restoring an afflicted 
person to health is to bury a dog, all excepting his head, in 
the earth near the threshold of the sick man's house, the 
belief being that as the animal gradually starves to death, the 
human .sufferer will recover. "In the same dark land, when 
smallpox is raging, tho.se who have as yet escaped, will dot 
their bodies all over with .some pigment, to cheat the supposed 
god of the terrible disease in question into the belief that 
they are already stricken, and thus be induced to pass by 
them." 

But leaving dark lands and their cu.stomB, and stepping into 
the light of Christendom, we there find pills, potions and 
cure-alls of endless variety. It is clainied for sonic of them, 
by iiuacks, that they not only po.-ise.ss curative powers, but 
intellectual proycrties. One medicine has been represented 



as attacking the particular disease for which it is compounded, 
when it exists in the human body, but when it does not exist 
there, it passes along its course without attacking any other 
disease, and without producing the slightest effect upon the 
human machinery. Another, in the form of pills styled "early 
wakers," will enable a person to wake up in the morning at 
any desired hour, thus exhibiting a knowledge of the passage 
of time, and an agency and power to arouse the drowsy 
sleeper at will. The eighth wonder ! Bah ! 

Now, the Lord surely knows more than man about the 
ailments of the human body and their treatment, and we will 
try to ascertain His mode of treatment in times past. The 
remedy for Naaman's leprosy was this: "Go and wash in 
Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, 
and thou shalt be clean." Did this produce the cure? His- 
tory answers as follows: "Then went he down and dipped 
himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the 
man of Grod, and his flesh came again like the flesh of a little 
child, and he was clean." In the case of the Shunammite's 
son, Elisha prayed unto the Lord, and stretched himself upon 
the child, putting "his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes 
upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands," and after 
repeating this the boy was restored to life. Elijah did a simi- 
lar thing to restore the widow's son. When the Israelites 
murmured against Moses and against God, they were bitten 
by fiery serpents, and in answer to the prayer of Moses in 
behalf of the people, the Lord said: "Make thee a fiery ser- 
pent and set it upon a pole ; and it shall come to pass that 
every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live." 
Moses did this, "and it came to pass that if a serpent had 
bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he 
lived." However, it must not be forgotten that faith and 
obedience proved the main key of power in these instances. 

When the Savior of the world dwelt among men, a woman 
that had been diseased twelve years touched the hem of His 
garment, and He said unto her: "Daughter, be of good com- 
fort; thy faith hath made thee whole;" and she was healed. 
To the man who had a withered hand. He said: "Stretch 
forth thine hand. And he stretched it out: and his hand was 
restored whole, as the other." In the case of the lunatic 
child, Jesus rebuked the devil, "and the child was cured from 
that very hour." "He spat on the ground, and made clay of 
the spittle, and He anointed the eyes of the blind man with 
the clay, and said unto him. Go wash in the pool of Siloam. 
He went his way, therefore, and washed, and came seeing." 
After administering to Simon's wife's mother, who was healed, 
many who were sick with divers diseases were brought unto 
Him, "and He laid His hands on every one of them, and 
healed them." 

Peter said to the lame man : "Silver and gold have I none; 
but such as I have give I thee : In the name of Jesus Chiist of 
Nazareth rise up and walk." And he ro.se, walked, leaped 
and praised God. Paul said to the cripple : "Stand upright 
on thy feet. And he leaped and walked." Paul him.self had 
his sight restored through the laying on of the bauds of Ananias, 
and the exercise of the power of God through that ordinance. 
But lack of space prevents the introduction of any more illu.s- 
tralive instances. 

The risen Jesus gave the general law to the eleven as they 
sat at meat: "Go ye into all the world, and preach the 
gospel to every creature. lie that bclicveth and is baptized .shall 
bo saved ; but ho that bolicveth not shall be damned. And 
these signs .shall follow thciu that believe ; In my name shall 
they cast out devils; thoy shall speak with new tongues; tlioy 





ea 



CTTJ'^^EICTILE IIsrSTI^.TJOTOI^. 




shall take up serpents ; and if they drink any deadly thing, it 
shall not hurt them ; they shall lay hunds on the sick, and they 
shall recover." And James, the second in authority after Jesus 
was crucified, writing "to the twelve tribes which are scattered 
abroad," thus lays down a general law for them: "Is any 
sick among you? Let him call for the Elders of the Church; 
and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the 
name of the Lord; and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, 
and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed 
sins, they shall be forgiven him." 

In these words of James and Jesus may be found the gen- 
eral law of God for the benefit of the sick among His chil- 
dren. "But," says an objector, "James prescribes for Israel 
only, and Jesus for believers only, and what are we to do if 
we are not of Israel and if we do not believe?" Simply 
nothing, so far as the laying on of hands is concerned, for 
Jesus says : "These signs shall follow them that hcH 
"they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover; 
and James says: "The prayer of faith shall save the sick;" 
therefore, as the promise of Jesus was to every creature that 
believed in all the world, let every creature believe, repent, 
be baptized for the remission of sins, receive the Holy Ghost 
by the laying on of hands, and secure the faith necessary to 
obtain and enjoy the blessing of healing as promised to believ- 
ers by the Son of God. 



err. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 




( Continued from page 60. ) 

THE food had to be carefully husbanded. The greater part 
of the people weighed out their flour and cooked and ate 
so much per day. Those who were destitute had to be helped, 
and though there were some cases of selfishness, these were the 
exceptions; the people generally were kind to each other, and 
were ready to help to the extent of their power. Bishops 
Tarleton Lewis and Edward Hunter were appointed to act in 
behalf of the destitute and to see that they did not suffer. As 
the food brought in the wagons was not sufficient to supply the 
wants of the people, recourse was had to such roots as could be 
procured. One or two persons were poisoned during the win- 
ter by eating wild parsnip roots; but sago and thistJe roots were 
dug, and were considered, in the hungry condition the people 
were then in, a great luxury. In the Spring, the thistle-tops 
were cooked for greens, and pronounced excellent. We 
scarcely think a mess of thistle tops would be thought a fine 
dish now; but we remember thinking them the best greens we 
had ever tasted. The wheat which was brought through as a 
part of the outfit for the people, was ground at a little mill on City 
Creek, owned by Bro. Charles Crismon. There was no bolt to 
the mill, and the flour, shorts and bran had to be eaten 
together, a very healthy kind of flour, full of strength and 
nutriment, but not such, perhaps, as people of delicate palates 
and stomachs would choose. Hunger, however, made this 
flour very sweet to those who used it, audit proved a most excel- 
lent, healthy diet. We think that if we had no bolting cloth 
in any of our mills at the present time, and the people were 
to be compelled to eat their flour unbolted, as those did who 
lived in this valley at the time we refer to, good health would 
be much more common than it is. In those days, when an 
extra fine pan of biscuits was desired, as was sometimes the 
case on a birthday, or when neighbors visited each other, the 



house- wife would use a corn meal sieve to take out the coarsest 
of the bran, and even then the flour was what would now be 
called very coarse. 

Living on short rations was particularly hard on young 
people who were growing and who had plenty of steady, hard 
work to do. After living for months without having an 
opportunity of gratifying the appetite to its full extent, they 
would be apt to wonder how it was, when they had plenty of 
food, and the privilege of eating all they wished, they ever 
stopped eating ; for in the hungry condition in which they 
were then, it seemed to them that if they had plenty of food, 
they would not know how to stop eating it. Their systems, 
being reduced by the scantiness of their food and the hard 
labor they had to perform, craved nourishment, and the filling 
of the .stomach once did not satisfy this craving. We will relate 
an instance to illustrate this: 

A boy who was approaching manhood was allowed the pri- 
vilege of inviting some of his companions to dinner on his 
birthday, which happened to be in mid-winter, when the 
scarcity of food was probably felt more keenly than at any other 
time during the season of scarcity. At that meal, and for that 
occasion only, as it was his birthday, food was not to be meas- 
ured, but all were to eat as much as they pleased. Some of 
the readers of the Juvenile iNsrEUCTOR may have had the 
experience of living for some time on a short allowance of 
food. If so, they can easily imagine the feelings of the boy 
whose birthday was to be thus celebrated. He dwelt with a 
rare anticipation of enjoyment on the feast in preparation, 
and made his calculations on the quantity he meant to eat. 
"I will eat," said he to himself, "enough at that meal to 
make up for the scantiness of many future meals." But alas ! 
he found, when he had done his best, that he had eaten but 
little more than his usual rations, and had failed completely in 
laying up such a store as he had anticipated. He had not been 
aware until he made this trial, that his stomach had contracted, 
and had accomodated itself to the limited quantity of food 
which it received at each meal, and, therefore, could not 
be so suddenly distended for one meal to suit his wishes. Half 
an hour after he had eaten, he was hungry again, and could 
he then have sat down to such another meal, it is probable he 
could have eaten as much as he did before. 

One of the chief causes of thistle tops being so welcome in 
the Spring of 1848 was, they filled up and distended the 
stomach. Bulk is as necessary as nutriment to food, as the 
people who lived here in those days learned. To have the 
stomach full was an agreeable sensation, even if the contents 
were only thistle tops. People thrived better on a much smaller 
quantity of flour with plenty of greens, than they did on 
flour alone, even though the extra flour they ate without 
the greens might have contained more nutriment than the 
greens. 

The beef used during the Winter was generally very poor. 
The most of the cattle had --eached the valley late in the 
season and then had to be worked hard to prepare for Winter; 
of course they had no chance to improve in flesh. Those 
which were turned out on the range as soon as they reached 
here did but little more than keep up the flesh they had, 
without getting fat. Butter and tallow were, consequently, 
very scarce articles, and the people craved them. Some felt 
the need of grease of some kind so much that it .seemed as if 
their entrails would crack for want of it. Where milk was 
freely used this want was not so sensibly felt; but many did not 
have milk in the Winter, and having nothing but the leanest 
of beef to eat, their natures craved grease of some kind. 




J-U-VEDsriLE I±TSTI2."CrOTOI^. 



69 




There was nothing that could contribute to sustain Ufe that 
was wilfully suffered to go to waste. If an ox mired, and he 
were too poor to get out or to live if pulled out, his throat was 
cut and bis carcass was used as food. The big grey wolves 
came down from the mountains in March, J 848, and chased 
the cattle which were feeding on the east bench in sight of 
the fort. They succeeded in killing several head. Even those 
parts of this meat which the wolves had not torn were used for 
food. Some few persons even tried the flesh of crows to see 
what nutriment they could extract from it; but we believe 
where the experiment was made once, it was not repeated. 
( To he Continued. ) 




LORD NELSON. 

( Continued from page 61. ) 

ABOUT three weeksafter Nelson's arrival, a signal was made 
that Villeneuve was coming out of Cadiz. The fleets of 
Fiance and Spain consisted of thirty-three sail of the line and 
seven large frigates, and, both in point of size and weight of 
metal, they had a still greater advantage than in numbers over 
the English. Moreover, they had on board four thousand 
troops, and among these were the best riflemen that could be 
found in Europe. Villeneuve, tacking to the northward, and 
bringing the shoals of Trafalgar under the lee of the English, 
while keeping the port of Cadiz open- for himself, formed his 
fleet in a double line. 

At daybreak on the morning of the 21st of October, Vil- 
leneuve's fleet became distinctly visible from the deck of the 
Victory, and a signal was made for the English to bear down 
upon the enemy. Accordingly, the fleet advanced; the lee 
line of thirteen ships being led by CoUingwood, the weather 
line by Nelson in the Victorji, which carried several colors, lest 
one Bhould be shot away. 

At an early hour Captain Blackwood came on board the 
Victory, and found Nelson, who was dressed in his admiral's 
frock-coat, and decorated with badges of four of the orders to 
which he had been admitted, in high spirits, but calm, con- 
scious that his life would be aimed at, and with an anticipation 
that he was destined to purchase victory with his life. He 
was, however, paying the utmost attention to the enemy, and 
predicting that the issue of the encounter would be a triumph 
for England. 

"Blackwood," he suddenly asked, "what should you con- 
sider a victory?" 

"Well," answered Captain Blackwood, "considering the 
handsome way in which battle is offered by the enemy, I 
think it would be a glorious result if fourteen were cap- 
tured." 

"No," exclaimed Nelson, "I shall not be satisfied with less 
than twenty." 

"Don't you think," said Nelson, after a pause, "don't you 
think there is a signal wanting?" 

"It seems to me," replied Blackwood, "that the whole fleet 
clearly understand what they are about." 

But scarcely were the words spoken when that signal was 
made, so well remembered, and never without a glow of patri- 
otic ardor: 

"England expects that evp'-v man this day will do his 
duty." 

"Now," said Nelson, "I can do no more. We must now 
trust to the great Disposer of events and to the justice of 



our cause. I thank God for this great opportunity of doing 
my duty." 

By this time a long swell was setting into the Bay of Cadiz, 
and the English ships, crowding all sail, were majestically 
moving onward. Villeneuve, viewing them from the deck of the 
Bucentaure. and unable to repress his admiration, involuntar- 
ily exclaimed to his officers that such conduct could hardly 
fail of success. A few minutes before twelve o'clock the 
French opened fire, at first with single guns, to ascertain the 
range ; and Nelson, perceiving that the shot passed over the 
Victory, desired Captain Blackwood to repair to his 
frigate." 

"My lord," said Blackwood, as he left the Victory. "I 
hope soon to return and find you in possession of twenty 
prizes." 

"God bless you, Blackwood," said Nelson; "I shall never 
see you again. See," he exclaimed, "how that noble fellow 
CoUingwood carries his ship into action." 

After the French had continued to fire for some time, they 
observed a shot pass through the main topgallant sail of the 
Victory, and hoping to disable her before she could close with 
them, they aimed at her rigging, keeping up a raking fire, 
which quickly wounded many of her men, and sent several of 
them to their last account. Nevertheless, for some consider- 
able time after the French opened fire the Victory did not 
return a single shot. A few minutes after twelve, however, 
her guns thundered forth on the enemy from both sides of her 
deck. 

"It is impossible," said Captain Hardy, addressing Nelson, 
"to break the enemy's line without running on board one of 
their ships. Which would you prefer?" 

"Take your choice, Hardy," answered Nelson; "which it 
is does not matter much." 

Captain Hard}', exercising his discretion, ordered the master 
to put the helm to port, and the Victory ran on board the 
ReiloulAdbh. This ship, the tops of which were filled with 
riflemen, received the Victory with a broadside, and, for fear 
of being boarded, let down her lower deck ports, and did not 
again fire a great gun during the action. Nelson, supposing 
from this circumstance that the i?«fo?<?<to?j?e had struck, issued 
orders to refrain from firing. But, though her great guns 
were silent, the riflemen who filled her tops continued to deal 
destruction around. 

It was a quarter past one o'clock, and Nelson was standing 
on the deck of the Victory, when a ball fired from the mizzen- 
top of the RedouJ)tithlc struck the epaulette on his left shoul- 
der, and prostrated him on his face. Three sailors instantly 
rushing forward, raised him to his feet ; and Captain Hardy 
turning round and seeing what had happened, hastened to 
their assistance. 

"They have done for me at last, Hardy," said Nelson. 

"I hope not," cried Hardy. 

"Yes," replied Nelson, "my backbone is shot through." 

But at this moment the hero's presence of mind did not 
desert him. Covering his face and his stars, that the crew 
might not be aware that he was wounded, he allowed himself 
to be carried to the cockpit, and pi iced in a mid.shipman's 
berth. The wound was found to be mortal; but this circumstance 
was concealed from all except the chaplain and the surgeons. 
Nelson, though in great pain, feeling certain that nothing 
could be done for him, requested the surgeons to attend to 
those to whom they might be useful. But they continued to 
fan him, and gave hitu lemonade to assuage his thirst, which 
was intense. Nevertheless, at each cheer from the crew, 





70 



j-cr.'^rEiTii-.E ri:nsrsTi?.TJOTOi?.. 





which announced that a French ship had struck, his eye 
brightened, his tongue uttered an exclamation of joy, and he 
became more and more anxious to hear of the battle from 
Captain Hardy, who was absent more than an hour before he 
could again leave the deck. 

"Well, Hardy," said Nelson, when the captain appeared, 
"how goes the day with us? " 

"Very well," replied Hardy ; "ten ships have struck; but 
five of the van have tacked, and seem to be bearing down on 
the Victory. However, I have called two or three of our 
fresh ships round, and have no doubt of giving them a drub- 
bing." 

"I hope," said Nelson, "that none of our ships have 
struck. ' ' 

"No fear of that," replied the gallant captain. 
"Hardy," said Nelson, for the first time speaking of him- 
self, "I am a dead man. I am going fast. Come nearer to 
me," he continued; "let my dear Lady Hamilton have my 
hair and all other things belonging to me." 

"I trust," said Captain Hardy, "that the doctor can still 
hold out hope." 

"Oh no," replied Nelson, "my back is shot through. He 
will tell you so." 

But the battle still raged fiercely, and Captain Hardy was 
under the necessity of hastening back to the deck. For fifty 
minutes he was absent. At the end of that time, however, 
he returned to the cockpit, and, taking Nelson's hand, 
congratulated the dying hero on having won a complete 
victory. 

"I do not know exactly how many of the enemy we have 
taken," he said, "but fourteen or fifteen at least." 

" 'Tis well — 'tis excellent !" exclaimed Nelson ; "but yet," 
he added, thinking of his conversation with Captain Black- 
wood, "I had bargained for twenty. However, anchor, Hardy, 
anchor." 

"Don't you think," suggested Hardy, "that Admiral Col- 
lingwood will take the direction of affairs?" 

"Not while I live," said Nelson, making an effort to raise 
himself "Obey my orders, and anchor. And," he continued, 
"don't fling me overboard. I wish to repose with my family 
in the church-yard of my native village. Unless," he added, 
thinking of Westminster Abbey, "my king and my coun- 
try should be pleased to order otherwise. Now kiss me, 
Hardy!" 

Nelson now seemed to sink, and after a few moments Hardy 
stooped down and kissed his forehead. 
"Who is that?" asked Nelson. 
"It is Hardy," was the answer. 

"God bless you. Hardy ! God bless you!" exclaimed Nel- 
son, and they parted. 

"Turn me on my right side," said Nelson to tLose around ; 
"I wish I hadn't left the deck, for I shall soon be gone." 
However, he continued to exclaim repeatedly, "Thank God, I 
have done my duty ! " 

But death was now rapidly approaching. Nelson's articula- 
tion gradually became more difficult and less distinct. At 
half past four, just after the last guns fired at the flying enemy 
sounded in his ears, and proclaimed that the victory was com- 
plete, the hero breathed his last, and sank in death. 

The mortal remains of Nelson were brought in the Victory 
to England. A public funeral was decreed ; and after lying 
in state in a coffin long before made of the mast of the Orient, 
the corpse was laid with all honors in St. Paul's Cathedral. 
Never had warrior been more highly venerated or more sin- 



cerely lamented. By his sailors he was regarded as a saint. 
The leaden coffin in which he had been brought from Trafal- 
gar was cut in pieces, to be distributed as relics of Nelson ; 
and the flag with which he was lowered into the grave was 
rent to fragments by the sailors who assisted at the ceremony, 
that each, while he lived, might preserve a memorial of the 
man who had fought triumphantly, and died gloriously, 
in vindicating England's claim to the sovereignty of the 
seas. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



GRAND SCENERY — PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN DENVER — DEBT 
AND TAXATION — THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE — PAY AS 
TOU GO. 



THE trip over the Denver and Kio Grande Railroad, which 
1 have just taken, is one never to be forgotten, because 
of the grandeur of the scenery. The passage of Marshall's 
Pass, 10,8-57 feet above the level of the sea, the highest rail- 
road point on the continent of North America, is a stupen- 
dous piece of engineering. The scenery of the Black and 
Grand canyons is indescribably majestic, and impresses the 
traveler with a feeling of awe. I have been familiar with 
mountain scenery since my boyhood, but this surpasses all I 
had ever seen. I am told that the Winter is not a favorable 
season in which to travel through this region. Perhaps not. 
But I am inclined to think there is a grandeur in these snow- 
covered mountains, crags and trees, for which Summer soft- 
ness and verdure is not a compensation. 

I was scarcely prepared to see Denver so large and well- 
built a city. It contains, I am told, 75,000 inhabitants, and 
from its appearance I should judge it is not over-estimated. 
One is impressed with the evidences of wealth exhibited in 
business blocks, stores and private residences. And I am told 
there is a great wealth here. The town was languishing for 
a time ; but upon the discovery of the rich mines of Lead- 
ville, everything sprang into active life, and the greater part 
of the fine buildings now to be seen were erected. Many of 
the business blocks and private residences would be admired 
in any city, and the latter, 1 am told, are as elegantly finished 
and furnished inside as they are outside. The Tabor Opera 
House will compare favorably with the finest places of amuse- 
ment in New York. A county court house, just finished, called 
forth my admiration. It is a beautiful specimen of archi- 
tecture. It has cost $320,000. The City Hall, also is a 
superb building recently erected. 

These costly buildings prompt inquiries about taxation and 
debt. Such structures, and the city and county expenses, 
must call for money, and plenty of it. I could not, in the few 
hours I was there, learn the exact amount of the debt; but I 
was told it is heavy. Taxes are three per cent, upon a two- 
third valuation of property. 

I admired these beautiful public improvements, and who 
would not? They are attractive, they adorn the city, they 
exhibit enterprise and they impress the visitor. But there is a 
question of great importance connected with them. Is it 
wise to burden the community with debt in order to erect 
such buildings? Upon this question men differ. Some con- 
tend that a community should not be afraid of contracting 




'"^^Sh 



m 



CrTJ"V"lI!l^IIliE! IIsTSTI^TJOTOIR. 



71 




debts for erecting buildings, or doing any other necessary work 
in the benefits of which posterity will share. Persons who 
take this view are in favor of creating a bonded debt, if nec- 
essary, to accomplish a public improvement, and they are 
willing that their children should help pay it. Of course, a 
bonded debt means increased taxation; for people in these 
days will not loan money unless they can get a good interest 
for it. Whenever, then, improvements are made with bor- 
rowed money, it inevitably follows that taxes must increase. 

I do not admire our public buildings, either city or county, 
as I do those of Denver. But I admire the policy which our 
county and city officials have followed much more than I 
would if they had contracted debt to erect finer buildings. 
Public debt is as much to be dreaded, in its place, as private 
debt. Personally I am opposed to public debt and heavy tax- 
ation. It should be the aim of all ofiicials, in my opinion, to 
keep it down to the lowest possible figure. We have more 
people owning their homes in Salt Lake City, for the number 
of the population, than any other city, probably, ou the con- 
tinent. While taxation remains low this will doubtless con- 
tinue to be the case. The poor man and the poor woman — 
the laboring man and the widow, can continue to hold their 
homes and to live in them. But let the taxes be increased, and 
many of these classes will be tempted to sell their homes and 
become tenants. The entire policy of Zion is opposed to this. 
Any combination of circumstances that would bring about 
such a condition of alFairs would be a misfortune. Our people 
should be owners of the soil and of their homes, and not ten- 
ants. Everything possible should be done to attach them to 
the soil ; for then they are better citizens, they feel a deeper 
interest in all public affairs and in the prosperity of the coun- 
try than is possible for tenants to do. 

As for posterity, they will have enough to carry without our 
transmitting any burdens to them. They should, at least, 
have some voice respecting the debts they have to pay; and, 
as they cannot be consulted upon the subject, I do not think 
it fair to impose debt upon them. 

I have always admired the sentiment of John Randolph, 
the eminent Virginia statesman: "Mr. Speaker," said he on 
one occasion on the floor of the House of Representatives of 
the United States, "I have discovered the philosopher's 
stone! It is, Pay as you go." 

This is a maxim that, if followed, will lead to true pros- 
perity and wealth. Men or communities who follow it may 
not make such a show, to begin with, as those who disregard 
it; but wait and see the outcome ! History is full of illustra- 
tions of the results. Our individual experience, as we gain 
it in daily life, teaches us that Randolph's philosopher's stone 
is more fruitful in good results than the old stone for which 
many of the ancients sought so diligently. 

Though I have been so much pleased with Denver, I am, 
nevertheless, glad that our public buildings are so modest 
and plain; that is, if it means public debt and increased tax- 
ation to have finer ones. Let us be content with what we 
have until we can pay for building more elegant ones out of 
our own public money. It is easy, if you have credit, to shine 
in borrowed plumes; but what person of fine feelings wishes 
to do so? It is always a comfort to persons properly consti- 
tuted, if their dress or their houses or other surroundings are 
plain, to know that they are their own, and that they are not 
in debt for them. They can enjoy what they have with a 
satisfaction that it would be impossible to feel in the midst of 
the most elegant surroundings for which they were in debt ; 
or, in other words, which would not be their own. 



I cannot'close this article without alluding to the very fine 
school buildings which I saw in Denver. They are admirable. 
These are built out of public funds, which came into use for 
this purpose when the State was admitted into the Union. 
These are advantages denied to us at present. As a Territory, 
we cannot get the benefit of any lands or funds set apart for 
school purposes. We never shall need them worse, probably, 
than we do at present; but we must learn to dispense with 
aid of this character. There is no disposition at present, on 
the part of those in power, to let us have it. It is, perhaps, 
just as well that it is so; for we learn to depend upon the 
Lord and our own exertions, and are under no obligations 
to any one but Him. 



IRON ORAY. 



BY J. C. 



A GIFTED youth of goodly parts, 

Was -little Iron Gray, 
No guile had he, nor cunning arts 

To lead his mates astray. 
He was his parents' hope and nride, 

Their light, and love, and joy; 
And fame had stamped him far and wide, 

A sweet and modest boy. 

And would you know what made this youth 

So much to be admired? 
So fraught with hope, so full of truth. 

So much by bliss inspired ? 
It was because he loved to be 

To others just and kind, 
And strove that truth and purity 

Might fill his youthful mind. 

His father and his mother too 

Had tutored him to know 
That if he would be pure and true. 

And honored here below, 
He must be good in every way, 

And pray to God above 
To guide his steps from day to day. 

And fill his soul with love. 

His schoolmates and his teachers too. 

Could trust this truthful boy; 
They knew he would not say or do 

A thing to mar their joy. 
And it was Iron's steady rule 

To all his tasks prepare, 
And 'tend the day and Sabbath school 

In weather foul or fair. 
« 
His books and things he watched with care. 

His clothes were neat and clean,- 
He washed and combed with taste so rare. 

As seldom could be seen. 
And beast or bird, in mead or bower. 

He loved and treated good,- 
And praised the Lord for tree and flower. 

And life, and health, and food. 

And Iron never told a lie, 

Was never known to swear,- 
Bad boys who'd steal he'd pass them by. 

As though they were not there. 
And those who'd vex their parents kind. 

And give them grief and pain. 
Iron's respect could never find, 

His friendship never gain. 

Now, little girl, or little boy. 

If you would honored be. 
And have kind heaven's peace and joy, 

To bless and make .vou free; 
Just do the very best you can, 

Whore duty points the way; 
And emulate the model plan 

or honest Iron Gray. 




m 




^i<i.% 



7S 



0-TJ"VE]n^II_.E I3^STI?.TJOTOK/. 



GEOROE: Q,. CADTItrON, 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 



A MISSIONAHY S LOSS OP FRIENDS — INTELLECTUAL STAGNA- 
TION ONE CAUSE OF IT— INDOLENCE AND INTELLIGENCE 
CANNOT TRAVEL TOGETHER — ADVANCEMENT SHOULD BE 
MADE EVERY DAY. 




YOUNG man who recently returned 
from a mission, said the other day : "I 
have lost some of the friends, who were 
formerly to me dear companions. That 
is, I meet the young men as of old, their 
manners are familiar and kind ; but there 
does not seem to be any sympathy between 
us. Why is this?" The young Elder's 
modesty forbade his giving the answer, 
although it is a very apparent one. He 
had been walking onward in the path of in(el- 
ligence, while some of his old associates had 
stood musing by the wayside. No wonder that 
he could not find these friends. They were so 
far behind him intellectually as to be lost to his 
sight. He had been in fufillment of a sacred call, 
where his mind had been accorded room to spread 
and strengthen ; where, in fact, the daily necessities 
of his pos-ition had made him a ttudent and a 
thinker. Some of his friends at home had marched along the 
same noble highway of mind. These he found on his return. 
They lived in the exalted realm that he occupied. And with 
such he could still be a sympathizing friend. But the others, 
in whom two years had witnessed no self-improvement, 
were as strangers. They were just where he left them. But 
he had long since passed the mile-stone at which they were 
standing. And so he and they, once loving and admiring 
companions, were separated in thought, and feeling, and aspir- 
ation — probably never more in this world to be united in 
the friendliness of mutual ambitions. 

What a sorrowful realization it must have been to the young 
missionary ! He had parted from certain particular ones 
among his associates with a personal pans of sorrow, the 
greatest relief of which was the loyal trust that on his return 
they would still walk hand in hand with him. He doubted 
not that the ruggedness of life's path would be softened by 
the tread of friendly feet, that the storm-clouds would be dis- 
pelled by the sunlight of companionable smiles. During his 
long absence he delighted to single out these particular com- 
rades in his thoughts and project their future. It was all bright 
with the vigor of manly woik and unyielding yet progressive 
truth. But the end was a grievous disappointment. Some 
of the dearest of his friends, while they still adhered to their 
glorious faith, were slow in the work of righteous advance- 
ment. Henceforth their way would lie far in the rear of his 
path. If he had serious pain, what must have been" the feel- 
ing of his indolent or thoughtless friends ! 




The young man or w'oman, the boy or girl, who becomes 
intellectually or spiritually dormant, does not realize the loss 
until brought into contact with a former associate who has 
progressed in faith and good works. It must be a very cutting 
thing, then, for a young person possessing ambition and sensi- 
tiveness. He or she marks the change, and wonders and 
repines unavailingly. There is only one resource and that is an 
awakening, which shall last until the evening of life. How 
much less humiliating, how much brighter and better to let 
each decade, each year, each day witness its rightful 
advance. 



PRIDE AND VANITY 



PRIDE differs in many things from vanity, and by grada- 
tions that never blend, although they may be somewhat 
indistinguishable. Pride may perhaps be termed a too 
high opinion of ourselves, founded on the over-rating of cer- 
tain qualities that ice do (ictunVy possess; whereas vanity is 
more easily satisfied, and can extract a feeling of self compla- 
cency from qualifications that are imaginary. Vanity can also 
feed upon externals, but pride must have more or less of that 
which is intrinsic : the proud therefore do not set so high a 
value upon wealth as the vain, neither are they so much 
depressed by poverty. Vanity looks to the many, and to the 
moment; pride to the future, and to the few: hence pride 
has more difEoulties, and vanity more disappointments; 
neither does she bear them so well, for she at times distrusts 
herself, whereas pride despises others. For the vain man can- 
not always be certain of the validity of his pretensions, 
because they are often as empty as that very vanity which has 
created them; therefore it is necessary for his happiness that 
they should be confirmed by the opinion of his neighbors, 
and his own vote in favor of himself he thinks of little weight 
until it be backed by the suffrages of others. The vain man 
idoliezs his own person, and here he is wrong; but he cannot 
bear his own company, and here he is right. But the proud 
man wants no such confirmations ; his pretensions may be 
small, but they are something, and his error lies in over-rating 
them. If others appreciate his merits less highly, he attri- 
butes it either to their envy or to their ignorance, and enjoys 
in prospect that period when time shall have removed the 
film from their eyes. Therefore, the proud man can afford to 
wait, because he has no doubt of the strength of his capital, 
and can also live by anticipation, on that fame which he has 
persuaded himself that he deserve?. He often draws indeed 
too largely upon posterity, but even here he is safe; for 
should the bills be dishonored, this cannot happen until that 
debt which cancels all others shall have been paid. — Cblton. 



Dr. Kane, finding a fiower under the Humboldt glacier, 
was more affected by it because it grew beneath the lip and 
cold bosom of the ice, than he would have been by the most 
gorgeous garden bloom. So some single, struggling grace, in 
the heart of one far removed from divine influences, is dearer 
than a whole catalogue of virtues in the life of one more 
favored of heaven. 





CTTJ'VEILTILEl IIsTBTI^TJOTOI^. 




A SUMMER DAY. 



BY HOiMESPUN. 



A DAY of perfect lovliness! Trees, flowers, ferns and dewy 
grass swayed softly in the Summer breeze, and mur- 
mured with delight. The great, shadowy forest was cool and 
calm. The pretty, crystal waters that rolled softly o'er a 
san d-bed 
throughthe 
forest and 
into the 
valley be- 
yond, were 
called Si- 
lent Creek 
by the vil- 
lagers who 
lived along 
the banks; 
thedepthof 
the chan- 
nel, andab- 
s en c e of 
boulders, 
making it 
a deep, 
slow, placid 
stream. 
But under 
the forest 
trees, the 
dappled 
waters were 
trick 1 ing 
and gurgl- 
ing with 
joy for 
mere exist- 
ence. 

Up this 
pre t t y 
stream, five 
cows with 
lustrous 
skins were 
slowly 
splashing 
a 1 n g . 
There were 
Blackieand 
Millie with 
i-kinsof jot; 
and Dam- 
son with 
bluish sides 
and white 

head and feet; then Frostie and Nell, with two white, snowy 
skins that almost glistened in the radient sunlight, so sleek 
and fat were their owners. 

Blackie, Millie and Damson waded (-juietly alonu', for they 
were old, steady cows who had gained wisdom and silence 
with long experience. Frostie and Nell were young and full 
of frisky life, given to discoursiye eloquence, and inclined to 




wander hither and thither in search of novelty and freshness. 
"Nell," said Frostie as they were all nearing the bridge 
which spanned the stream in the heart of the forest, "I am 
sure this grass is not as crisp and juicy as that we passed 
awhile ago; I've half a mind to go back and take a turn in 
the forest to get something sweeter for an evening relish. Will 
you come?" 
Frostie turned slowly around in the water and actually 

s t a r t e d 
down the 
stream; but 
Nell hesi- 
tated, fear- 
ing to leave 
their older 
CO m p an- 
ions and 
wander a- 
lone. Just 
then Jack 
and Fanny 
Grey with 
their I'ncle 
George 
came out on 
the bridge, 
and slop- 
ed midway 
to look at 
the delic- 
ious scene 
a round 
them. The 
tall, arch- 
ing trees, 
the clear, 
placid 
stream flow 
ing calmly 
on, its 
banks cov- 
ered with 
nodding 
flowers and 
tangled 
grass, the 
cows with 
velvet skins 
and arch- 
ing, gleam- 
ing horns, 
fleckingthe 
water with 
dim shad- 
ows as they 
stood in its 
pleas ant 
depths, the sun breaking through the loof of green, and 
showering down its beams upon a .s(iuare of flowery bank. 

Jack put his knee upon the rail as though to carry out 
his wish and said: 

"l^ncle George, I wish I was a cow and just had nothin' to 
do but to wade in the water and eat cowslips." 



w 




74 



jr-CT'VIUlTJLEi i:]SrSTI^TJOTOI^. 




"Ay, my little man; but we must all tread our own path in 
life. The cows don't appreciate their good luck, I'll be 
bound." 

Nell turned her graceful head at these words to listen, and 
lowed softly to Frostie to wait a moment and hear what farmer 
George was saying. 

"They follow up the stream," contitiued Iincle George, 
"from instinct. How can they Icnow, like we do, that the 
grass along the banks is longer, thicker and sweeter than it is 
under the distant trees where it gets tough and yellow for 
want of water? Instinct's a powerful guide." 

"Come, Frostie," said Nell, "let's go on with the others; 
do you hear what farmer George says; let us add prudence to 
instinct and thus become wise and useful cows." 

Just then, the mother came on to the bridge from the other 
side, having come out to gather cresses for supper, and the 
children told her how cool and pleasant the water looked and 
how they wanted to wade. 

"Not now," she .=aid, "you must come with me, for grand- 
mamma will be to supper and I must get our cress and hurry 
home. The cows will come along in good time, and I have 
some fresh meal slop for them that they may give us plenty 
of butter and milk for market. ' ' 

And then, as mamma and Uncle George with the children 
walked away, Frostie and Nell turned their heads around and 
followed their elders, and soberly resolved to go patiently 
along in their own path following their leader, turning neither 
to the right nor to the left, but sure of the calm, blissful 
reward of all duty, contentment and peace. 



EVENINGS AT HOME. 



FIFTH EVENING. 



Mother. "My little boys, would you like • me to 
talk with you for awhile now? Grandma is tired 
of your noisy play, and you must be tired too. 
Sit down, and we will think of something good to 
talk about. In our last talk, one of you said a 
flood was a lot of water that covered all the ground 
and drowned all the folks and cattle. Some one 
came in and I did not get to explain to you that 
floods, generally, are not so dreadful as that. 
Sometimes they only cover a small portion of 
ground and do little or no damage. But that 
great flood, which came upon the earth in Noah's 
time was one that, as you say, drowned every- 
body that had not entered into the ark with 
Noah. He had taken in with him his wife 
and three sons and their wives. There were eight 




of them, and from these eight persons the earth 
was again peopled after the flood ceased. Noah 
had also taken into the ark a pair of each kind of 
all tlie animals that the Lord had made. And also 
birds of all kinds, so that when they came out of the 
ark, they could multiply and fill the earth again. 
And the Lord told them to spread abroad and 
cover the face of the earth. But the people did 
not seem much inclined to do as the Lord told 
them in this matter for some time. They grew to 
be a strong and great people, and thought to build 
a tower so large and high that it would reach to 
heaven. So they began to build their great 
tower; but the Lord knew their thoughts, and 
what to do to stop their work. He confounded or 
confused their language, so they could not under- 
stand each other. Then they began to divide out, 
instead of staying and working altogether. And 
in a few years there were many nations on the 
earth." 

First hoy. "What did the people want to build 
the great tower for?" 

M. "So they might climb upon it and keep out 
of the water if the Lord should again deluge the 
earth with a flood." 

Second boy. "What is a tower like?" 

M. "It is a very high, large building, generally 
larger at the bottom than the top so it will stand 
firm. Some towers are round, some are square. 
They are of different shapes and sizes." 

LULA. 



ESSAY ON SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



BY JAMES A. LANGTON. 



WHEN we look around us and consider and think, we are 
surprised to see what greatness there is in littleness, 
what infinity lies below us and above us, and what beauty, 
design and wisdom are portrayed to us in all the works of 
God. 

As God is the perfect, supreme soul and as our souls are the 
natural offspring of His, it is quite necessary that the souls 
on earth be brought up to a standard in harmony with God 
and His laws. 

The Sabbath school is a place where the soul receives, or 
should receive, food for its development — a place where the 
heart is cultivated and where principles that lead the mind to 
God are engendered. Now to some the bare mention of the 
word religion causes them to turn away in disgust, and if they 
happen to open a book that contains a chapter on religion, 
they quickly close it and lay it to one side. This can be 
accounted for to some extent when the history of their lives 




0"TJ'7"E3Srl31,EI XTTSTE-TTOTOie.. 



75 «j 



and early training is unfolded before us, and we then see that 
their development in this regard has been quite natural and 
that it in no wise violates God's law of "reproduction of 
kind." 

The majority of natures, however, have within their hidden 
depths secret springs of f^iith and hope which incline' them 
towards a Supreme Being, and often, very deep down under the 
thickest crusts of depravity these springs, gushing forth in an 
hour of adversity, lead a wayward soul to ask for aid and 
succor of Him who turneth not away. But lest I occupy too 
much space I will hasten on to the broad field before me and 
give some of my ideas in regard to Sabbath schools. 

SINGING. 

I accord to singing one of the highest places in every well- 
regulated Sabbath school. It is, in my opinion, one of the 
best mediums by which to get a good spirit, or the Spirit of 
God. You will remember that when Saul of ancient times 
was troubled and grieved with evil spirits, David was called 
to play before him, and very often his sweet music soothed 
Saul into slumber. The voice of nature as heard in the roar- 
ing of the cataract, the rumbling of the thunder, the whist- 
ling of the wind, the rippling of the brook, and the singing of 
the birds, gives us untold pleasure; and the effect of harmo- 
nious music as produced by the children of the Saints is 
doubly pleasing and inspiring. 

A story is told of a little boy and bobolink, that will give 
you some idea of the charm of music over children. The 
facts, as I recall them, are to the effect that a small boy was 
straying one Spring morning in the garden, when he spied a 
bobolink sitting carelessly on the fence. True to his nature, 
the little fellow picked up a stone and cautiously approached 
the harmless bird with the view of doing him an injury. The 
little arm was drawn back and "bob" was in imminent danger 
of being knocked from the fence to the earth. Just at this 
moment his throat began to swell and he poured forth several 
strains of sweet music. The little arm dropped harmlessly, 
and the stone fell to the ground. 

"Why didn't you hit him?" asked a passer by. The 
urchin paused a moment, as though ashamed of the motive 
that prompted the act, and then in a tone of childish simplic- 
ity replied, "I couldn't, 'cau,?e he sung so." 

Having said this much upon the eff'ect of music I will now 
touch slightly upon the methods of conducting the singing 
in Sabbath schools. In some schools we find a choir. In 
others all the members of the school sing. Of the two 
methods, I very much prefer the latter. One of my reasons 
for preferring congregational singing is that in a Sabbath school 
where the choir sings, many of the teachers are called from 
their classes to aid in the singing, and the pupils are left to 
amuse themselves as they see fit. Almost invariably instead 
of listening to the singing they employ their time in play, and 
really, one cannot blame them for doing so, as the singing is 
an exercise in which the majority of them take no part and 
hence they interest themselves in something else. Again, 
where only members of a choir produce music for a Sabbath 
school it is only the best singers who are encouraged to 
develop any in the art of music, thus the weak and helpless 
in the art of music are neglected and even pushed back while 
the strong and self-reliant are promoted and encouraged. No 
person with good judgment would question the injustice of 
throwing money to the rich and by so doing making the poor 
still poorer; and I say, apply the golden rule in the case of 
singing or let the reasons for not doing so be known. 



If the plan of congregational singing is carried out, I ven- 
ture to predict that a better spirit would prevade the school 
and the general welfare of the pupils would be promoted. 

PREACHING IN THE SABBATH SCHOOL. 

Too much preaching to young people, especially to children, 
is not good. What they can receive gratefully and what they 
need should be given. 

Again, the instruction given to children from the pulpit in 
the Sabbath school is often not at all adapted to their minds. 
Imagine a Sunday school superintendent occupying half or 
three-quarters of an hour talking to a school of small children 
on politics. Can you think of anything more absurd ? Yet 
this actually occurs in ^abbath schools. 

Speeches to the children should be short and adapted to 
their natures. Every person who is in the habit of speaking 
to children should be able to relate incidents in a pleasing 
manner. These stories should contain moral truths, or some- 
thing pertaining to religion, and they will then always have 
a greater and a better effect upon the minds of children than 
a sermon that they are not able to comprehend. 

A WORD TO TEACHERS AND OTHERS INTERESTED 
IN TEE SCHOOL. 

If there is any work on earth that calls long and loudly for 
patience, faith, hope, love and all the cardinal vir- 
tues and Christian graces, it is the work of those who are 
engaged in teaching the young. We admire the skill of the 
artist who causes the inanimate canvas to take upon it life-like 
expressions. The sculptor, who from the shapeless and life- 
less stone produces the semblance of the human form, obtains 
our highest praise. What then, should we accord to the true 
teacher who constantly and surely aims to ingraft such prin- 
ciples as will fully prepare those entrusted to his care, for a 
higher and nobler existence when time shall be no more ? 

As the work of the Sabbath school superintendents and 
teachers is eminently a "labor of love," it becomes them to be 
solicitous in gaining the affection and confidence of the chil- 
dren with whom they labor; indeed, no person can be a good 
teacher in the Sabbath school unless he possesses a genuine 
love for the young and for all humanity. 

Fault should not be found with the pupils, but encourage- 
ment should be given them when there is the least shadow of 
their deserving commendation. God loves praise and so do 
His children ; and often a word of approbation or praise, 
where it is deserved, will produce a good effect and help one 
who is weak or tempted, to bear a more manly part in life. 
Teachers should be patient and willing to wait for the result 
of their labors ; for the good seed sown in the Sabbath school 
may be uprooted by other hands during the week but no one 
can rob the sower of the reward for his labors. 

It would be well for teachers to visit the homes of their 
pupils and see the influences that surround them there ; 
they can then govern themselves accordingly in the class. 

I would say to parents, that if you love your children and 
seek their welfare, send them to the Sabbath school. See 
that they are prepared on a Sabbath morning so as to be at 
school on time. Join your efforts with those of the .superin- 
tendents and teachers, and give them your sympathy and love 
to cheer them on their way. Remember, if you can teach 
your children the true course of life that you will give them 
something above price and that they, and you also, will be 
counted among the rare jewels when the river of life is crossed 
and you merge into the valley of eternity. 



1 





j'TJ'VEiiNriii.E ziNrsa?i^;TJoa:oK.. 




NIGHT SCENES IN A 
QREAT CITY. 



FIFTH NIGHT. 



BY KENNON. 



ONE day I said to my friend, "Fiynn, when you have 
nothing else to do, I wish jou would take me through a 
large newspaper establishment. I want to see you toilers at 
your work. I want to witness in one night the perfection of 
a news journal from the scattered materials into a finished 
fact." 

"Come with me to-night," he answered, "and you shall 
have your wish gratified. I have no important news engage- 
ments, and will cheerfully devote the hours between 8 p. m. 
and 4 a. m., to watching the work of others." 

We went to the restaurant for dinner where most of the 
reporters took their evening meal. They were at their ease 
during the brief relaxation from work, from six o'clock until 
seven. 1 was interested in the snatches of conversation which 
came from the groups at the various tables. Sociability and 
friendliness seemed to characterize the as.sociation of these 
men although they were the employees of papers which were 
almost vicious in their rivalry. But this fraternal atmosphere 
was soon dissipated. The reporters, as their hour of work 
approached, donned their overcoats, and separated for their 
various fields. 

Flynn said, "Let us go to the oifice, and while there I will 
explain the system upon which these fellows work." 

A short ride in a horse-car brought us to the newspaper 
building, a handsome structure five stories high. Flynn led 
me first up to the third floor, which was devoted exclusively to 
editorial rooms. Passing through one of the doors, we entered 
the city department. This comprised two rooms. One was 
a large apartment, containing about thirty desks or tables, 
ranged against the walls. The other was a small room, within 
the larger, enclosed by glass, and having a high floor which 
would enable any occupant to oversee the workers at the thirty 
desks. Flynn told me that the large room was devoted to the 
use of the reporters, and that the smaller one, enclosed like a 
hot-house or conservatory, belonged to the city editor and 
his a.ssistants. On a shelf in the reporters' room but standing 
against the frame of the inner apartment was an open book, 
the detail and instruction record. At the top of the page was 
the name of the paper with the printed date. The remainder of 
the page was divided into three columns. In the middle 
division was written the list of details, or in other words, the 
subjects which were to be investigated and written upon. In 
the left hand column, appeared the name of the reporter who 
was to perform each certain piece of work ; while in the last 
column, directly across the page, was his signature, showing 
that he understood his detail and would attend to the require- 
ment. This list was prepared by the city editor in his room, 
and then placed upon the shelf to be consulted by the rank 
and file of the army of news gatherers. 

Both of the rooms were unoccupied except by a solitary 
reporter, whose disagreeable duty it was to take the "office 
evening watch." While we spent a few minutes in conversa- 
tion with this young man, who proved to be as disagreeable as 
his detail and as profane as he was ill-tempered, the time passed 
until 8 o'clock. Promptly as the office time-piece indicated that 
hour the city editor entered; and closely following him several 



reporters who had accomplished their details. Some of them 
rushed to their de.sks and began writing at a frantic speed. 
Ooe or two others who had failed in their efforts or had found 
something of unusual importance, made their reports verbally 
to the head of the department. 

(To he Continued.) 



% m ludk. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



( Continued from page .50. ) 

I TOOK the precaution to place my pnlawpon on the ver- 
anda of the old bungalow, which partly served as a pro- 
tection against an attack from wild beasts, with which this 
part of Orissa greatly abounded. I occupied the palanq)dn, 
while the bearers rested close to it. We slept very little dur- 
ing the night as the jackals around the bungalow uttered their 
piercing wails, and occasionally other packs at a distance 
would join in with them. At intervals, during the entire 
night our ears were saluted with the roaring of beasts of prey. 
In this part of the country the royal Bengal tiger is at home. 
The waters of the Mahannuddy delta are also a receptacle for 
the huge crocodiles which were to be seen as we traveled. I 
felt while in bed that I was in close proximity to a natural 
menagerie. 

After sunrise we entered the jungle which was prin- 
cipally composed of thorny shrubs. It was difficult to make 
our way through the narrow path. The bearers often halting 
to pull the thorns out of their feet. They invariably kept up 
a chant, as they marched along. When among the thorns 
the hind bearers, not seeing their way, would chant in the 
Orissa language, for the lead bearers to be careful, while they 
would reply that they would. Frequently there would be a 
jar in the music when one stepped on a thorn. The sufferer 
would exclaim, Conta, conta, meaning, a thorn in his foot. 
There was then a short halt, when the thorn was, if possible, 
extracted, or as much of it as they could get out having nothing 
but their fingers to use as forceps. This done they would jog 
along the same as ever. The Hiodoos can endure with heroic 
patience more bodily tortures and lacerations than any other 
people of which I have any knowledge, The principal por- 
tion of their religion, which enters into every part of their 
existence, is to perform austerities by torturing themselves ; 
hence they thought it no hardship to march along with thorn 
stubs Iq their feet. 

After emerging from the jungle, our path lay ihrcowgh paddy 
fields. After noon we arrived at a village called Pudumpore, 
where we halted. This village was adorned with a large 
pagoda enclosed with a massive granite wall. Near to this 
enclosure was a large tank with granite steps extecding around 
and leading to the bottom of it. This and the pagoda were 
the center of attraction for the citizens of the village. Old 
and young, including the diff'erent castes, were to be seen in 
their time and proper places luxuriating in the tank, attending 
to the purifactory ablutions to atone for their hourly pollution. 
Some of the pollutions of the Hindoos are cause in this 
manner: If a child, after his teething, should die, all i(s 
relations and kindred are rendered impure. On the birth of 
a child all its relatives are also polluted. Whoever touches a 




SI 




chandala, a new born child, or a corpse, is impure. A Brah- 
min who has touched a human bone is impure, hence these 
and amultitudeofothernaturaloccurrences render the Hindoos 
impure, and according to there religious rites must have 
recourse to the water for absolution. 

It may not be out of place, in this connection, to refer 
briefly to a few of the sacred obligations to be observed hourly 
by the Brahminical caste. As soon as he rises from his couch, 
he rubs his teeth with the twig of the fig tree at the same time 
praying in his mind. Were he to neglect this sacred duty, all 
the numerous ceremonies attended to during the day would be 
of no effect. The next step is to deposit the twig used on his 
teeth, in a place free from impurities, according to the Hindoo 
idea of defilements. After this comes ablutions in some sacred 
river, or tank. The Brahmin worshiper stands in the water 
up to his breast, sipping water and sprinkling it before him, 
reciting to himself the gayatri, one of the most sacred tests 
of the Veda, with the names of the seven worlds. He then 
throws water eight times upon his head, afterwards he takes 
a brass vessel filled with water and sprinkles it upon the 
ground while reciting prayers ; this has the eff'ect to destroy 
demons which wage war with the gods. The next part of the 
ritual is to plunge three times into the water, each time 
repeating the expiatory test, which relates to the creation, 
after which he washes his mantle, when the morning ablutions 
are accomplished. The same routine has to be gone through 
at mid-day and even tide, dilTering somewhat in formula, 
but the same in substance. When he comes out of the water 
he puts on his mantle, ties a lock of his hair on the top of his 
head, sits down and worships the sun. During the intervals 
between the periods of ablution, he is engaged in various 
oblations, which occupy his whole time. I used to think when 
watching the Brahmins in performing their complicated ritual, 
if the Saints had to observe such religious tasks, they would 
soon become discouraged. 

The Hindoos submit to immense religious burdens. My 
bearers also performed their ablutions in the tank, washed 
their bodies and smeared them with cocoanutoil, then painted 
themselves according to their respective caste, prostrated 
themselves before an image near by, prepared their meal of 
rice and vegetable currie and as soon as they had eaten, 
observed a few more religious rites. These done they 
anounced that they were ready to proceed on their journey. 

On that day's journey we passed through a banyan grove. 
Upon examination I found one of these trees to be the parent 
of more than one hundred trees; how this is brought about I 
explained in a former chapter. After passing over a narrow 
strip of sandy, desert country, covered with scrubby, thorny 
jungle, we again struck the Mahunaddy river, up which we 
traveled until we came to a ferry, when we crossed safely and 
soon arrived at Cuttack. 



AN INCIDENT ON THE RHINE. 



TT was a still, warm summer's night: the clear light of the 
-*■ moon, which was rising over the hills in its full splendor, 
sent a broad, silvery gleam upon the wat3r, through which our 
boat was smoothly gliding. The last notet of a national song we 
had been singing were dying away, and no one cared to break 
the silence. 

"What a noble river is our Rhine!" sard some one at last; 
"how many thousands he carries safely up' and down through- 



out the year; how peacefully he lends his broad bosom for the 
trade and traffic of mankind ! What a contrast to the restless 
sea with its storms and wrecks ! " 

"You are mistaken in thus describing the Rhine," said 
another. " He, too, has his seasons of unrest and emotion: 
a few strong bursts of rain in Autumn, an early thaw in Win- 
ter, and in Spring perhaps his floods inundate and devastate 
the land." 

Many stories of the floods were told, and I, sitting listening, 
was vividly reminded of one which came from Switzerland, and 
which I shall attempt to relate: 

During the summer of 1806, the shores of the mighty Rhine, 
made famous alike by poet and historian, were visited as usual 
by travelers from every nation. Autumn had oast her gloomy 
shadow over the land, a warning to perishing nature; but for 
a short time the smile of summer still played upon the smooth 
surface of the Rhine. 

A short time indeed ! for soon the long-closed gates of 
heaven were opened, and rain poured in torrents on the 
thirsty earth ; hills and valleys were richly covered with the 
pure, white mantle of Wmter, and the wind went sighing and 
moaning over all ; the mountain torrents swelled, while the 
waters of the rivers rose, and rose, and rose, until the plains 
were flooded, and the iron-bound dykes built to protect the 
land gave way. Then the Rhine burst forth in wild rebellion, 
rushing and tossing along in its headstrong career, like some 
long-bridled monster suddenly released. Soon the dull, terrible 
sound of the storm-bell was heard, and the people of St. Gallen 
and Gusthausen awoke to a sense of their danger. Vainly 
they struggled with the treacherous river, now bearing in its 
muddy torrent trees, timber, parts of houses and mills, the 
traces of its work of devastation. Soon the whole plain 
became one tossing sea of white-topped, billows swallowing 
up vineyards and maize-fields as they rolled along. 

In the little town of Brienen, not far from Cleve, there lived 
an aged widow with her only child, .Johanna, a girl of seven- 
teen. Another widow and her three children rented part of 
the cottage from them. Since morning they had seen the 
waters rising and deepening fast around the walls of their home; 
no way of escape was visible ; and the unfortunate families 
patienlly awaited their approaching fate. 

But a noble resolution inspired .Johanna : "Mother, I shall 
carry you through the water to the other side," the heroic 
girl exclaimed, and, with an encouraging promise to remem- 
ber the friends she left behind, Johanna Sebus commenced 
her perilous journey through the angry torrent with her 
precious burden in her arms. In spite of the ever-rising waves 
and deepening waters, God blessed her devotion, and she 
placed her mother safe upon the opposite shore. 

And now she fearlessly began her second passage over the 
widening gulf; but too late ! She scarce had reached the 
middle of the torrent, when she saw the house with its living 
freight swept away before her. Horrified at the fate of her 
friends, and faint with her exertions, Johanna's strength failed 
her; she staggered, raised her eyes to heaven, and sank 
beneath the waves. Caressingly the river heaved and fell as 
with a violent embrace he seized his victim, and bore her 
rapidly away. 

The memory of Johanna Sebus will ever be tinged with 
mingled pain and admiration — pain and pity for her sad fate, 
and admiration for her noble courage in .such a strait; but her 
filial devotion and aflfcction for the mother she left behind can 
never be forgotten. "She remained faithful unto death." 

Selected. 



.^/s($5'^ 



M\ 



78 



crTJ'^E:^ix_.E iisrsTi?.TJoa?oi^. 




ADMIRAL BLAKE AMONG THE 
PIRATES. 



IT is a bright spring morning about the middle of the seven- 
teenth century, and the port of Tunis is all in an uproar. 
Groups of faces, livid with fear or black with rage, throng the 
narrow, crooked, filthy streets ; hands and swords are fiercely 
shaken seaward ; shouts, screams, prayers, curses, make the 
air ring ; mounted officers are flying to and fro along the shore: 
soldiers in gay dresses are hurrying to the batteries that com- 
mand the harbor, on which their comrades are busy running 
out guns and laying ammunition ready ; while haggard-looking 
men with chains at their ankles, and fair complexions very 
strange to see amid this crowd of dark skins, are being forced 
by blows and threats to drag heavy powder-chests or to pile 
up cannon-balls. Altogether, the town has quite the air of 
preparing for an assault. 

And so indeed it is. Look seaward like the rest, and you 
will see a gallant squadron of armed vessels, under full sail and 
with the English flag flying, coming steadily over the bright 
blue sea toward the mouth of the harbor. Four weeks ago, 
Robert Blake, Admiral of the English fleet, under Lord Pro- 
tector Oliver Cromwell, came to demand the release of all 
Christian slaves and the abolition of piracy. He was received 
with insult, and departed (as the insulters thought) not to 
return; but to-day he is here again, to speak his message 
through the mouths of Engli;h cannon. "But what matter?" 
think the men of Tunis. "The English unbeliever's name is 
terrible, and he has cut off many of our ships at sea ; but, if 
he had all the demons to help him, what can he do here? 
Have we not three strong earthworks fronting the entrance, 
and nine ships of war commanding it with their broadsides, 
and the great fort o! (loletta in flank, all guns to the very 
water's edge? Let him come in! he'll never get out again I" 

In one of the casemates of the huge fort sit four men, evi- 
dently soldiers of the garrison : a huge blubber-lipped negro, 
who seems to command the parly ; a long, lean, wiry Arab from 
Morocco; a handsome black-bearded Moor; and a half-breed 
from Algiers, with quaint patterns tattooed on his naked arms 
and a white scarf wound round his yellow, monkey-like face. 
On the other side of the little cell crouches a ragged, sickly 
figure, grey-haired and covered with wrinkles — but more 
through suffering than age. 

"Now, you Christian dng !" shouts the Moor, turning from 
the grating through which he has been watching the advance 
of the Eaglish fleet, "if you won't help us to work, you shall 
stand here and look on, and see your countrymen sent to the 
bottom like cursed unbelievers as they are !" 

As they seize and bind him to a ring-bolt in the wall, the 
captive's eyes light on the English flag-ship, on the high poop 
of which a tall figure in uniform has just appeared, looking 
keenly towards the shore. 

It be th' Admiral hisself, Grod bless him ! ' ' mutters the pri- 
soner. "Stand by us this day, Lord, and let us not be 
ashamed afore our enemies!" 

The .solitary figure on the poop hails the shore, and is 
answered. A few fierce, short sentences are exchanged, and 
then the Admiral, tugging wrathfully at his long black whis- 
kers (a gesture which England's enemies know to their cost), 
gives the order to "close in for action." 

And now, as the great ships eome sweeping on, the grim 
silence is broken by a strange sound. From every deck at once , 



as if by common consent, rises in stern, deep- voiced cadence 
the Cromwellian battle-psalm: 

"God is our refuge and our strength. 

In straits a present aid ; 
Therefore, although the earth remove. 

We will not be afraid." 

But the last words are drowned by a deafening roar of artil- 
lery; and ships and shore, and sea and sky, vanish in one hot 
blast of rolling smoke. 

"Allah has put much courage into the hearts of these infi- 
dels," says the Moor, with a glow of stern admiration, as he 
sponges the mouth of his gun, hot with an hour's incessant 
firing. "Stand to it, lads !" shouts the English prisoner, heed' 
less of the savage blow that covers his face with blood the next 
moment; "stand to it — you'll beat 'em yet!" 

But for the sustained thunder of their cannonade, it would 
be hard to tell whether the English vessels are still there or 
not; for the whole harbor is one great pit of stifling smoke, 
through which the flashes of the guns shoot like lightning 
playing in a cloud. Unseen ships combat unseen batteries; 
balls rain from invisible cannon, and death comes blindly, no 
one knows whence or how. Men bloodstained and grimed 
with powder, with faces inflamed and eyes bloodshot by the 
battle-fever, dart to and fro, sponging, loading, firing, in a 
kind of frenzy. Other men fall dead or dying on every side, 
and their comrades stride over their writhing bodies to their 
bloody work. But, through it all, the English cannonade 
roars on unslackening. Behind these huge grey walls, which 
loom ghost-like through the whirling smoke ever and anon, 
scores of our own countrymen are rotting in a misery worse 
than death ; and this day they shall be set free, by God's helpi 
if there be pith in English seamen. Stand to it, one and all ! 

Suddenly a tremendous, crashing explosion is heard overhead 
which seems to shake the whole fort from top to bottom. The 
four men start, and look inquiringly at each other. 

"The ammunition must have caught fire and blown up the 
higher tier!" growls the negro through his clenched teeth, 
springing to the embrasure and peering through it. "Holy 
Prophet ! what's thio ?" 

As he speaks, there bursts through the cloud of smoke a 
red blaze, so broad, and bright, and fierce, that the whole sky 
seems on fire. In the teeth of the deadly hail that lashes the 
water into foam on every side, a handful of fearless men have 
launched their boat, pushed her in among the huge black 
hulls of the pirate vessels, and set them on fire every one. 

"Our ships are burning!" yells the negro, striking his hands 
together. 

There is a rush like the charge of a hurricane — a mighty 
crash — a choked, bubbling cry — and the cell is filled with blind- 
ing smoke and dust. When the cloud clears away the English 
captive finds himself the only man left alive. In the middle 
of the chamber, piled in one great heap of ruin lie the over- 
turned gun and the fragments of its carriage, from beneath 
which straggle the crushed limbs of his four enemies, aHve 
and triumphant one short moment ago. 

Left thus alone, the EngUshman soon frees himself from 
his bonds, and scrambling up to the embrasure, looks out 
upon as strange a scene as man ever saw. The firing has 
almost ceased, and the sea-breeze is beginning to lift the hang- 
ing clouds of smoke ; while every feature of the scene stands 
out distincly in the glare of the burning vessels. The English 
ships — some of them dismasted, and all sorely battered by 
the fray, but still undisabled and ready for action — stretch 



across the centre of the harbor. The nine great ships of 
war moored along the shore are all one red, roaring blaze, 
beneath which the smooth water is like a lake of blood, and 
the tall minarets of the town seem tipped with living fire. 
The land batteries have long since crumbled into shapeless 
mounds of dust, around which the limbs and corpses of the 
defenders lie strewn like leaves; while here and there an over- 
turned gun stands up from a heap of dead, with not a hand 
left to point or to fire it. 

Suddenly a white flag is seen to run up over the central 
battery, and, a moment later, a boat puts off from the shore 
to the English flag-ship. The pirates have had enough of it, 
and the Admiral's work is done. 

Then, from the hacked and bloody decks of the flag-ship, 
and in another moment from all the English vessels at once, 
rise in solemn accord the opening words of the grand old Ninty 
fourth Psalm : 

"0 God, Thou dost revenge all wrong, 
Vengeance belongs to Thee!" 

"Ay for sure, God has fought for us this day, and the 
heathen be confounded!" says the watcher at the embrasure, 
with stern triumph. "I'll see Old England again yet afore I 
die!" 

And he is right; for, a few dayi later, he is standing with a 
score of his fellow-prisoners on the deck of an English vessel 
homeward bound ; while the pirates, recovering by slow 
degrees from that terrible lesson, are already beginning to 
meditate fresh outrages, which shall draw down fresh punish- 
ments in their turn, till, two centuries hence, another English 
fleet, with Exmouth at its head, shall destroy their last strong- 
hold, and sweep them away for ever. 

Selected. 



INTERESTING INCIDENTS. 



FROM THE JOURNALS OF MISSIONARIES. 




BROTHER GEORGE CRANE while traveling in the 
Newcastle conference, England, witnessed the following 
cases of healing, as related by himself: 

"At Stockton there had been considerable sickness among 
the Saints, and the ble.'isings of the true gospel, the everlast- 
ing heritage of the faithful, have been manifest in a marked 
degree. Brother James Appleton, a young member of the 
Church, had a child taken sick, nigh unto death. They sent 
for a physician, and when he had seen the child he used very 
ungentlemanly language to them, and wanted to know why 
they had not sent for him before. He said the child was 
dying. They sent for one of the local Elders, who prayed over 
the child, anointing it with oil in the name of the Lord, and 
the prayer of faith did save the sick. I subsequently saw the 
little one, and it certainly looked as though it might yet live 
to bother the United Slates government, by emigrating to 
Utah. 

"Another case was that of a man who had been di.sfellow- 
shiped from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. He was very ill, the doctor saying he was past hope 
of recovery and that he could not do anything for him. But 
the prodigal thought of his Father in his great trouble, and 
sent for the Elders, who, by virtue and authority of the holy 
Priesthood which they hold, anointed him with oil, laid their 



hands upon him and blessed him in the name of Jesus Christ, 
and by the power of God he was made whole. I saw this 
man afterwards baptized for the remission of his sins, thank- 
ing God that he was once more permitted to enter the true fold 
of Christ." 

Brother S. L. Ballif, now a resident of Logan city, 
was presiding over the Swiss and German mission, in 1880. 
On one of his visits to the city of Berlin, where a branch of 
the Church had been organized, he was betrayed by an apostate 
and with his two companions was banished from the king- 
dom of Prussia. He thus describes the incident: 

"While engaged in worship we were interrupted by two 
officers of the police. Without further ceremony they ordered 
all the brethren present and a few of the sisters to follow them 
to the nearest station. Then, after writing down the names, 
ages, residences, and trades or professions of the members 
present, the Berlin Saints were called in succession into an 
adjoining room, questioned by the lieutenant of the station 
and sent home. Elders Rosenbaum, Kienke and myself were 
called last and pointedly questioned until nearly one a. m. of the 
following day, when we were forwarded, by carriage to the 
central police building. Then we were invited to hand our 
pocket-books and papers over and were put into jail, where we 
spent the rest of the night and part of the next day, as crim- 
inals, on hard benches, in the company of a policeman. In 
the morning we were called twice before the highest police 
officers, who very minutely inquired into our intentions, con- 
nection with the Saints in Berlin, principles and practices. 
About three p. m. we were informed that we were ordered out 
of the kingdom of Prussia, under penalty of four weeks - 
imprisonment, fine and transportation to the frontier if we 
should again be found within the limits of the said kingdom. 
We were required to sign two declarations, stating that we 
fully understood our position and promising to act accordingly. 
Several officers of the police chancery inquired, with much 
interest, into our principles and took our address, in order to 
send for some of our publications. 

"The depositions of the Saints at the police examination 
were truthful, and all went on to our satisfaction. There is 
no appeal for us from the decision of the police court, and 
we must admit that the highest civil authority has been con- 
sulted in the matter and will have to shoulder the responsibil- 
ity of the act before high heaven. We felt very free during 
the whole proceeding, and those who questioned us have bad 
to listen to our statements with regard to the restoration of 
the gospel and the establishment of the kingdom of God." 



How HE WON A PLACE. — "Sir," said a boy addressing a 
man. "do you want a boy to work for you?" 

"No," answered the man, "I have no such want." 

The boy looked disappointed; at least the man thought so, 
and he asked; "Don't you succeed in getting a place?" 

"I have asked at a good many places," said the boy. "A 
woman told me you had been after a boy — but it is not so, I 
find." 

"Pon't be discouraged," said the man in a friendly tone. 

"Oh! no, sir," said the boy cheerfully, "because this is a 
very big world, and I feel certain that God has something for 
me to do in it. I am only trying to find it." 

"Just so, just so," said a gentleman who overheard the 
talk. "Come with me, my boy; I am in want of somebody 
like you." He was a doctor; and the doctor thought any boy 
so anxious to find his work would be likely to do it faithfully 
when he found it; so he took the boy into his employ, and 
found him all that he desired. 

Selected. 





J-U'VEin^inLE! IIsTSTI^TJOTOK;. 




ZION PROSPERS! ALL IS WELL. 



Words by E. R. Snl>w. 
Allegretto co i violo. 



Musi by E. Stephens. 



/I I 1^> I i . 1 ■ i^> I. 

awake my slumb' ring minstrel — Let my heart forget its spell; Say, say in sweetest accents, M - on 



^9 






-»-*-*»-.•>- 



ite:=ta: 
















^^=J 






well. Zi - vjn pros-pers! Zi-on pros-pers! Zi - on 

:t=t= • *■ 



Strike a chord unknown to sadness, 
Strike, and let its numbers tell, 

In celestial tones of gladness, 
Zion prospers ! AU is well. 

Zion's welfare is my portion, 
And I feel my bosom swell 

With a warm, divine emotion 
When she prospers: all is well 



ii 






rt-T 



'd 



pru^- pers! All is well. 






=r'=^-- 



-t=t= 



Zion, lo ! thy day is dawning, 

Through the darkness shailows swell; 
Faith and hope prelude the morning — 

Thou art prospering: all is well. 

Thy swift messengers are treading 
Thy high courts where princes dwell; 

And thy glorious light is spreading — 
Zion prospers: all is well. 



ENIGMA. 



BY C. M. W. 



I AJi a word of five letters : 
My 2, 3, 4 is a kind of drink. 
My .5, 3, 4, 2 is a kind of food. 
My 1, 2, 3, 5 is part of a pipe. 
My .5, 4, 2, 3 is an officer on a ship. 
My 5, 4, 1, 2 is part of a ship. 
My 3, 4, 1, 2 is a point of the compass. 
My 2, 3, 4, .5 is used by farmers. 

My whole is one of the most powerful agents of civilizi 
tion. 



this, at least : I have learned how a lake looks when pebbles 
are thrown into it." 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 3, is "Nothing." 
We have received correct solutions from B. J. Beer, Salt 
Lake City; L. J. Holley, Springville, Utah County; Celia 
Raymond, Kaysville, Davis County; George Weston, Lake- 
town, Rich County. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 



Turner, the greatest nature painter of this or any other 
age, spent hours upon hours in mere contemplation of nature, 
without using his pencil at all. It is said of him that he 
was ?een to spend a whole day, sitting upon a rock, and throw- 
ing pebbles into a lake; and when, at evening, his fellow- 
painters showed him their day's sketches, and rallied him 
upon having done nothing, he answered them, "I have done 




6&OR6K «t. CANNON, 



EDITOR 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 

Sinffk Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Ofl&ce, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




1852. 1883. 

BAIIV WAGOJV DEPOT. 

HAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
trade of 1883, one of the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
sale in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Public generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc., etc., all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank^Oak Ash and Hickory — to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-1 7-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq., has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
ai such, but will be equally appreciated by all 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
ire, for cloth binding, $2.50: leather, $3.00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the MartjTdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyrum Smith, Together with a Con- 
iise Review of the Most Prominent Incidents 
[Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
irom the Time the Church was Organized uji to 
;he Year 1846. By LjTiian 0. Littlefield. For 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 cts. 



pARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIS- 
TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copj'. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



DAVID JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 

Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 

Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 



OUBSCKIBE for the JUVENILE INSTKUC- 
vJ TOE. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ ofthe young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapts to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volume published is as interest- 
ingnowas when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instkuctor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 50 cts. 
" - - - - six months, - - 1,00. 
" - - - - one year, - - 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, ... in half calf, 2,50. 

" two in one book, ----"_. 475^ 

three ""-... in cloth, 7,00. 

Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 
01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



T^OOK BINDING, by an experienced 
J-» workman, in all styles and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 

them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

r^HURCH WORKS, in complete Sets, con- 
sisting of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine 
and Covenants, Key to Theology, Voice of 
Warning, Spencer's Letters and Hymn Book, 
all Bound in Morocco, Gilt, extra embossed, 
For sale at this office. Price $13.00 and $13.50. 

npHE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
■*■ at our last Semi- Annual Conference are 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE 
LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



No. 69 Main Street, 1 

Salt Lake aty, Utah. / 



P. O. Box 306. 
12-15tf 



<.^7TrHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!" 

•*■ And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z C M. I. 
H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



7 ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
Lf INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.-Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets mada and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the best style, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

H. iS. Eldredob, dupt. 



pENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
-*- ■ Jfinutes of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 ct., and 20 ct., The best and 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

"D EPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Jttvsinilb 
Instritctor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the Juvenile 
Instroctor Office, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reasonable terms. 



OXFORD POCICET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other h .ips to 
the study of the scriptures— the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.7.5, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3.10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this ofiice. 



"DACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
-*-' completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volumes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



Af ARTIAL BAND MUSIC.-We hare for 
•^'-^ sale at this Office the second set of music 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



1860. ESTABLISHED 1860. 

DAVID O. CA1.DER, 

Salt Lake City, 
Importer, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
kinds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
MUSICAL MERCHANDISE. 

General Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
of the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
Whose organs are acknowledged, the world 
over, to be the very best made. Each one of 
the 1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
evidence of their durability and superior excel- 
lence. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
have been added lately to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
Are taking the first rank in this and other 
countries. The largest dealers are competing 
for the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
sold by me has given perfect satisfaction. 

W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
Are splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
waiTanted. They exceed anything in the mar- 
ket at the price, and very much superior to 
many at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
Of Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
man, Dowling & Peck, and Behr Bros. & Co. 

These Pianos are certainly the best of their 
class made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 
I am' now prepared to fill orders for all grades 
of music for Brass and Orchestral Bands, in- 
struction books for all instruments, how to ar- 
range for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
•^.nus, drum-major's guide, etc.. Published by 
W. Pepper, E. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
Fischer, and Thompson and Odell, at their 
jrices. 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Organ Instructors. Pubushora' uj MaiM 

PriCfts, Pricaa. Prices. 



SVhite's School, 
Whitney's School, - 
udds' School, 

Piano Instructors. 
Sudds' School, 
jordon's School, 
Bcllak's School, 



2 50 1 00 1 20 
2 50 1 25 ] 50 
2 50 1 35 1 65 



Blake's School, 



- 3 25 2 50 2 75 

- 3 25 2 50 2 75 
75 45 55 

- 1 00 50 60 
75 40 50 

- 1 00 45 60 
American Instructors for all 

Instruments, ■ - - 75 50 60 

SVinner's Instructors for all 

Instruments, - - 75 30 35 

ong Folio: 208 pages of 

tlio most Popular Songs, 

with Piano or Organ Ac- 
companiment, ... 60 75 
?oli() of Music, 208 pages: 

a magnificent collection 

uf Music for Organ or 

Piano, - - - 60 75 

longs and Ballads: 100 

Songs and Music, new and 

popular, ... - 10 12 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of all 
he above instruments can be had on appli- 
jation. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 
nd prompt attention. 



q^lIE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 

FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds. 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promoting 
Series." Just issued and for sale at this 
Ofl&ce. Price 25 cents. 



qCRAPS of BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
O Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 



AN INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 
of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Go.spel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 

OGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. L, atOgden 
Weber Co.— A Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise on hand, at hed rock prices 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sears, Manager. 



PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S 
•*■ JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 

Z. C. M. I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, BuiF Upper, 
and Splits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



ESTABLISHED 185T. 

FURNITURE.— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc. 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, Salt Lake 
City, Utah. 13-15 t. f. 



VITRITINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 

STANDARD," is the title of a book of 

512 pages, which we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PRATT'S WOKKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Meiuorable WritiDgs of 
this Great and Good Man, wc have Printed them in Book 
Form, and will sell this Work of ?.0l) Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 7o cents per Single Copy Postpaid. 



REFEREIVCE. 



OF 



It gives the History and Chronology of the Church, Des- 
cribes the Religion and Country of the Saints, and contnins 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourists and Residents. Price, 
Postpaid, oO cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LYDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Publi.-^hed, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. 



ANEW BOOK.— The Life op Nephi, 
The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
known as Soutli America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith- Promoting Series. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, OUs, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



LOGAN BRANCH Z. G. M. I., at Logan, 
Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

K. S. Watson, Manager. 



-qLURAL marriage, as TAUGHT BY 
rrHE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
True versus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the gospel are explained in a 
clear and pleasing manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several non-"Mormorns" are the actors. Price 
3 cts each or $3.25 per hundred, post paid. 



