

'"^m. 



aoLiNEaa vo spmelobd. 






fj:''t£^k 






VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUiNE 15, 1876. 



NO. 12. 



THE SEOI^ETJ^I?.^" BII^ID. 



HF.RE we have the picture nf a inoft remarkable specimen 
of the feathered tribe. It is called the Secretary Bird, 
or Snake-Eater. 

will pruliably wondtr why it should be 




Our little rea 
called the Sec- 
retary Bird, so 
we will exjilain. 
It is a native of 
Africa, and it 
was so named 
by the Euro- 
pean colonists 
of the Cape of 
Good Hope be- 
cause they fan- 
cied the crest . 
of feathers 
which we sec 
at the back nf 
the bird's head, 
and which h'! 
can rai?e or de- 
press at jileas- 
uro, re.-enibl 
quill pons stucl 
VjchinJ a sec 
retary's ear. 

We c m ci^i 
ly unlerstan 
from the pic 
turc wh}' i 
fcliould lie cal! 
ed a Sn ikc 
Eater. E.itiiiL' 
snakes scc.uis !•: 
be its chief aii.i 
in life, and it 
wa^^cs a con- 
stiiiit an J nio.st 
unrelenting 
war upon all 
members of th J 
snake family it come 

This bird \a about 
Btrong logs; the winj 




I. w;l!i •. TV liiiiL' and 
I will ,1 Mum spur 



at tl e shoulder. Its tail is ;d<o quite long, and its color a 

bluish gray. 

One can ; carcely imagine how a bird can be such a formidable 

foe to reptiles as this is. Its mode of attack is to .■-tri'ho with 

lis witigs and 
feet, which it 
uses with great 
for.-e and des^ 
teri'y. It also 
s o 111 e t i m e s 
seizes and car- 
ries its enemy 
u]) in the air to 
su ■h a hijiht 
lli.-it it is killed 
in falling. It 
rea.lily attacks 
'111; most ven- 
imous reptiles, 
fii'l devours 
-4 .hcui greedily. 
^ The .iniall ones 
it swallows 
wholi^ithclarge 
"Mos it tears to 

1 irc,\s. 

It is rome- 
liiiK s tamed, 
and efforts 
have been made 
lo uiili/c it as 
;i p:otcolor nf 
jioultry yards, 
)Ul i; has a di.s- 
;:gree;ible liabit 
of helping it- 
^olf to a chick- 
on if not .suffi- 
cienlly supplied 
with its more 
]ireli'ra!ile food 
— ;-liakos. 
The iiibabliaiits of Cape ('(d.iny place such a vuluo on it.s 

.services as a dcsdoyer o ' serpents thiit :i line is imi»iscd upon 

anv oil- who darrH n kill llie ."^.I'rctary liird. 





.34= 



Cr TJ ^ E 3Sr I L E IITSTI^TJGTOI^, 



^ 



^Itl ^merica. 



BY G. M. O. 



COiNCLUSlOxX. 




TiiADlTlONS, historit-al rocoi Js, aiul physicaJ facts fully attest 
that miglity and vast changes have taken iilace in America 
during the ages past; and although apparently meagre and 
obscure in details and data, upon investigation a vast field 
is spread belore the student. The vista opens wide and 
extcn^!ive, and i.ires-euts daily accumulating facts and evidences 
of a civilized race of mankind, wlio antedate the present 
Indian, and who had probably reached their "golden age" two 
thousand years ago. 

In the foregoing articles relating to Old America we have 
taken hut a raiiid and imperfect survey, merelj' indicating the 
abundance of matter and material Ojicu fur research, and well 
worthy the study of the antifiuariau, arch;uologi>t, ethnologist 
and theologian. To the last named, esijeeially, this study 
should be not only one of love but of duty before God 
and to man. Liyirg asiJc the antagonism genenled between 
religious and scientilic opinion, he should enter the fie.d 
with ail lionest deteiminaciou to jiroseut tlie facts plainly 
and truthtully, aiming to restore chat union and harmony su 
much needed by the so-called Christian world. 

Modern investigation of the religion of tae ancient Amer- 
icans has developed certain facts that have proved to be serious 
stumbling blocks in the way of the lellgious ductrincs gener- 
ally advanced; and either to avoid or exjjlain them away 
authors have speculated and drifted injo irrelevant and various 
theories, not from design always, certainly not through ignor- 
ance, but by simply ignoring the only key that gives a 
rcason.able exiilaiiation of the mystery. This key we have 
endeavored to show is uiKloubtedly the Book of Slormon. 
Without fblluwing the many minor facts, or tracing out and ' 
analyzing the numerous circumstantial evidences cinup.vring so 
liarmoni' usly between the writers of the Book of Mormon and 
the old historical records and traditions of America, we have 
aimed (and we hope .successfully) to establi.>h the followiug 
great points of indisjiutable evidence: 

First, that the deluge as described by jro.ses, the greatest 
and oldest writer we po.sse.ss, is entertained on record or i i tradi- 
tionary belief, by nearly every tribe or nation of old Ameiiea. 
Tlie Aztecs, who received their religion from the Toltecs, 
expressly declare in conjunction with the Bible that Tczpi 
(Noah) and the diflerent races of land aniniala were lu'escrved 
in the saTue ark or vessel; and it woidd be impossible to con- 
ceive how nations iir peoples so i emote from each other could 
agree in and testify to an event unless they have proceeded 
from those indivi<luals who escaped the deluge under the guid- 
ance of the patriarch Noah, and wlien released from the ark, 
as a common starting point, di>|ier.-,ed themselves all over the 
world. 

iSecond, th;it although the Quiclic records do not give us a 
clear record of .Jared's .settli nient in the country, we may 
reasonably infer from the account given of \ Utan that such an 
event had taken place. In fact the Votan of .\)uerican tradi- 
tion may have been the Jared of .\Iornion; but we are inclined 
to the belief that Votan was Mulek, who left Jerusalem ."iS',) 
yuar.^ bi.-." i- li; ■ •■■'in'.i-u' o!' f":;ri '. fbu''nT tlii roicrn of Zcde- 
kiah, iir abou: lii.- l.iii.- iii..l kiuL' w.i.- t li^ea .1 ■ aoiivc to B.ii y- 
lon. It W.IS otiC of lite jou.i of ZcJekI..a who cojiii-.tuJed tliii. 



colony, and they eventually landed somewhere north of the 
Isthmus of Darien, and journeyed southward into the country 
now called the United States of Colombia. There they built 
their capital city Zurahemla, near the Mngdalena river, called 
ly them the river of Sidon. Jared's people landed on the 
coast of IMexioo. They named the country (North America) 
the "land of Moron." They flourished on this continsnt for 
at least 1 SOO years, and at a moderate rate of increase the popu- 
lation must have in that time reached a very large figure. Their 
general tendency of colonization seems to have been northward 
forming the settlements in the great valleys of the Mississippi 
and Ohio. Ruins of their cities are now referred to as the 
"works of the Mound Builder.s." When Votan (Mulek) landed 
in America he found, says the Quiche manuscripts, th'; country 
already inhabited by a people having the same religion, rites, 
laws, erudition, and common blood with the people whom he 
took there himself A few years previous to the landing of 
Mulek a colony under Lehi left Jerusalem (during the first 
j'ear of Zedekiah's reign). They crossed the Pacific and landed 
on the western coast of South America, somewhere, we infer, 
near tlie present city of Lima in Peru. Lehi's people po.ssibly 
built the great city and temple of Pachacamac, and after a 
time crossed the Andes, settling in Bolivia in the vicinity and 
en the sho.es of Lake Titieaca. Others went north into New 
Granada, and in time united with the descendants of Slulek's 
peop'e. The traditions of the Peruvians, as recorded by Mon- 
tesinos, correspond precisely with tlie Book of Mormon in 
regard to the organization of this colony alter landing on the 
American continent. In time these colonies became disunited 
and through the calamities of war, famine and pestilence their 
descendants were reduced to their present condition of savages. 

Thiid, the prophets of the Book of Mormon told the people 
that when Jesus should be crucified terrible earthquakes and 
convulsions would occur on this continent. That these judg- 
ments came as predicted, the whole face of the continent geo- 
logically attests, and the "Old Books" of the Quiches assert 
it. In fact, in the old Central American books there is a con- 
stant tradition of an immense catastrophe of that character, a 
recollection of which was presei-ved in some of their festivals, 
especially in one celebrated in the month Izcalli, which com- 
memorated this frightful destruction of land nnd people. The 
tradition indicates that the destruction was accomplished by a 
.succession of convulsions; three are constantly mentioned. 
"The land was shaken by frightful earthquakes, and the waves 
of the sea combined with volcanic fires to overwhelm and 
ingulf it." Each convulsion caused many portions of the land 
to disappear, forming a line of coast much as it is now. Most 
of the inhabitants were overtaken while at their regular em- 
liloyinents, and were destroyed. Some escaped in sliijis, some 
found safety on high mouniains or on portions of the land, 
which for the time escaped ininiediate destruction. 

Fourth, wliile a number of people were assembled together 
around a certain temple in the northern part of South America 
(a temple preserved l)y the Lord) talking and wondering about 
the great cataclysm that had taken iilace, they heard a voice 
coming out of the heavens saying "'Bellold my beloved .son," 
and they saw Je.-us de.-cend and ho sinoj in their mid.st, saying 
"I ;iiii Je.^us Christ, the Son of <iod." Aiterwards He related 
to them how He had been crucified, and, in time. He organ- 
ized the clauch (jii this continent. But in less than three gen- 
erations the iJiiiuiples he had taught were di.sregarded, and 
the whole people dwindled in unbelief and wickedness. 

V.'e ;;u ', 'iow(!VPr, that the visit of our Savior has not been 
forgjtieu. Not only wa.i a .em'. lance (j; ' ajili-m admhiistered, 




¥ 



J"TJ^E:tTILE! IITSTI^TJCTOI^. 



135 




but the worship and traditions of a supreme ruler was kept up 
after a manner, by the various nations until the advent of the 
Europeans. "Quetzacoatl," of the Aztecs; "Kukulcan," of 
the Quiches; "Boehica,'' of the Muyscas, and the "Manco 
Capac, of the Peruvian^, are, without doubt, one and the 
same person — our Lord and Savior. 

Not even was the symbol ot His church forgotten. The 
cro.'s was not only found, as stated by Garcilazo, at Cozumel, 
by (rrijalva, but Clavigero (Hist, of JMexico, II, 14 note) says: 
"The cro.sses the most celebrated are tho.'e of V'ncatan, of 
Mizteea, Queretaro, Tepique and Tianqui'ztspej. " Gomara 
says "it could not be known how these Ind'ans caiiic to have 
so much devotion towards the ho!y cross, there being no foot- 
steps of the gospel having been preached at Cozumel or in any 
other part of the Indies" (America.) 

It has indeed been a curious ijuostion, and one only properly 
explained by the Book of Mormon, how the nations of Amer- 
ica obtained their vague and shadowy ideas of Christianity. 
Some few writers have vainly endeavored to trace the origin of 
the symbol of the cross in America to an Egyp'ian symbol 
known by the name of crux ansata, or cross with a ring, rep- 
resented by that ancient people on walls of templas, obeli,-ks 
and monuments. Others attribute it to the Pluenifians, who;-e 
coM:ss. Astarte, is commonly represented on the Sidonian 
coins with a long cross in her arm>. Of cour.se these theories 
are mere conjecture, from which can be formed no reasonable 
exclusions. 

With the hope that our readers have been entertained and 
instructed by our brief historical descriptions, we will conclude 
by urging all to continue tb.eir investigations and researches in 
all that relates to "Old America." 



K---0- '» 



lEZSTTOnVCOXjOG-lT. 



BV W. D. JfiriN.SOM, .njN. 




MOST insect.s, after an-iving at the adult state, eat but little 
and do not increase in size, and, after laying their eggs, 
die. Some insects, as the Mav flies, live only !or a few hours, 
others a few weeks or months, and some a year or two. 
Insects that live through the year generally i)ass the winter in 
a state of toi'por. Ants retire to the bottom of their ne>^ts 
when c-i)ld weather comes, and remain there, sleepy an<I slug- 
gish, till the warm air of spring revives them. 

In.sects that pass through three distinct stages are said to 
liave passed through a complete transforniati<i!;; while others, 
like the grasshopi)er. jiass through only a partial transformation. 

From the egg the grasshopper is hatched as a wingless insect 
withsi.x legs; it grows and casts its skin re|ioatedly. until wings 
appear on its back; and all the while it hoi)s about and eats. 
Each time its skin is cast the wings and legs are proportion- 
ately larger, until it shed.s for the la't time anil comes forth an 
adult grashoppcr. The larva ami jiupa of insects oi' this class 
are always wtive and eat (•c)ntinnaily. and have th(! simie num- 
ber of legs as the perfect insiict. The larv;v of I hose that 
[lass through a coni|)lete transformation have no legs, as mag- 
gots. Catcrpillers have six true legs, a pair to cacli nf ilic 
three first segments ot the body, and a nnmlier of llcsliy. un- 
ileveloped legs, varying in number from ten to fourteen; 

lese are beneath the abdominal segments. 

The two .sexes of in.s(!cts ilifi'c-r mmli in size and appeiiraMci': 

the female is always, the larger, anil the colors ;ipi>ciir duller; 

liiry .also .seem tr) have one ring less than the male, but the 



ninth segment helps to form the ovipositor, the organ by 
which the eggs are deposited. 

Most insects lay their eggs in the hottest time of the year, 
and, although the mother insect has never felt the cold blasts 
of winter. God has given her the instinct to protect them fnun 
the coming frost and snow. The eggs are generally laid dur- 
ing the summer, and hatched the ensuing spring. Some 
insects glue their eggs to twigs and branches of trees, and 
cover them with a substance that answers the purpose of 
water-proof varnish. A certain cb'ss of moths cover their 
eggs with down taken from their own bodies. The cochineal 
insect lays her eggs under her, glues herself down, and then 
dies thus, covering them with her own body. 

In studying the habits of insects, it is very important that 
we shonld ronienil;cr their scientific names, and the terms used 
to describe them, so that in rcad'ng any book on entomology 
we will be able to understand the descriptions of those we are 
not ae(|uainted with. 

Most of the little pests of the garden are insects belonging 
to the order of Iqx'dnp/era. The agnitis moths, or rustic 
moths, the larv.T of which are known as "cut worms," are 
very common in the field and garden, and they are well named' 
as every farmer knows who has had his wheat, corn, beans, 
and melon and cabbage plants eiten off by the.se little dejire- 
dators. They cut the plants off just below the surface, and 
sometimes they become so numerous as to destroy whole fields 
of wheat and corn. 

These moths are nocturnal, so called because they nio^tly fly 
at niffht. There are five kinds that infest our gardens; they 
are of a brownish gray color, and vary in length from three- 
quarters to one and a half inches. Their wings aiT netirly 
horizontal when dosed, the thorax is slightly convex, but 
generally smooth; the attenn;\i of the males are pectinated, 
that is, there is a little row of short points like fine teeth of a 
comb on the under side; the fore legs are also quite spiny. 
The caterpillars of the agrotidians are smooth, shining, naked 
and dark colored, with longitudinal pale and blackish stripes, 
and a few black dots on each ring. Some of them have a 
shiniTig black spot on t •]) of the first .segment of the bo<ly. 
They are of a cylindrical form, taperinir a little at each end, 
aii:l are provided with sixteen legs. Boiiire changing into the 
jiupa state they make earthmi cocoons. They do the most 
damaa-e in Jlay and .Iiiiie. The moth appears from May until 
the middle of August, according to the climate, ihon lay their 
eggs in autumn to be hatch out in the following May. 

The best method of checking their ravages is to kill the 
moths wherever you find them, generally around the lamp or 
candle in the evening. AVlien very numerous, large bonfires 
di'stroy immense numbers, as they fly into the flames and 
perish. 'I'he worm can be found in the moniing by digging 
around the plants they are cutting nil', always within four 
inches iif them. Kill all you can find, and by doing .so you 
not only save your present plants, but pi-ob.ilily thdiisands in 
fut'ire vears. 



Ll'.r those who are appointed to judge of the chaiaiicrs nf 
others bear in mind their own iinjK'rfi'cliiuis. .-md rather strive 
by sympiitliy to snl'ten the pang arising from a cnnvlcliMii «\' 
guilt, than by niisrcpresenlatidn to im-rease it. 



Beware (if cdnliillti!.'' in distant prospects nf happiness, lest 
they be sn>ld<'nly intcrcepli'd by the most trivial present 
vexation. .\ leaf in the foreground is large enough to eone<'al 
a lbr.\st on the far horizon. 





136 



.7 T7 -V^ m 1^ I L E I D^r S T I?. T J C T O I^ 




<OJ^FrrTj:RiEi odf" j^ sXj^A^"VEKy. 



BY JOIIX HOWARD. 




The white waves heaving higli, my hoys, 

Our gond ship tight and free, 
The field of water is nur hc^me, , 

Our heritage llie sea." 

SUCH was the song of the crew of the Florence Nlglitmrjah 
a.s they secured their anchors, unbent their cables and put 
everything in ship-shape and Bristol fashion for a voy.ige 
from Liverpool to Calcutta, to which port she had her clearance 
outwards. She stood to the south'ard with erery stitch of 
canvas ramping full. Nothing unusual transpired until she 
reached the line, where she was cnught in one of those terrible 
squalls, peculiar to thoje latitudes, rising as it were out of the 
bosom of the deep. At such times all the elements .«eem to 
be waging a fierce and relentless war on each other. Terrific 
is the assault of the opposing forces. The wind, accompanied 
•with the most vivid and fearful flashes of lightning, aided by 
peals of Heaven's artillery, reverberates along the vault above, 
the sea, lashed to madness and fury, dashing at the sides of 
the tempest-tossed barque, with the electric fluid playing 
around each mast head and running along the iron jack-stays 
of the yards, making it appear as if she was enveloped in one 
sheet of flame, while the rain descends in torrents as if the 
heavens had opened. The vessel, struggling amidst this ter.-ific 
■war of the elements, requires all the courage and skill of her 
crew to prevent destruction, all of which make up a picture so 
full of grandeur and sublimity that it cannot be surpas.sed in 
all of nature's wide domain; and mau with all the puny apph- 
an3es of art and science cond/med, sinks into utter insig- 
nificence before the awful display of the might, power and 
majesty of the ruler of the tmiverse; while the creaking of 
the shiii's timbers, the groaning of masts and siiars, the Hap- 
ping of sails and cordage, might cause you to imagine that all the 
spirits from out the vasty deep were taking advantage of this 
grand commotion of nature, and holding high carnival. 

The scene brings forcibly to mind that beautiful passage in 
Lord Byron's poem of "Childe Harold;" 

"Thou glorious^mirror, where the Almighty's form 

Glasses itself in tempests; in all time, 

Calm or convulsed— in breeze or gale or storm, 

Icing the pole, or in the torrid clime 

Dark-heaving, boundless, endless, and --iihlime — 

The image of eternity— the throne 

Of the invisible, even from out thy slime, 

The monsters of the deep are made; eacli zone 

Obeys thee; thou goest for'li dread, fathomless, alone. 

J[an marks the earth with ruin; his control 
Stops with the shore; upon the watery plain 
The wrecks are all thy deed, nor doth remain 
A shadow of man's ravage, save his own, 
"When, for a moment, like a drop of rain, 
He sinks into thy depths witli bubbling groan, 
Without a grave, unknelled, unroifijied, and unknown." 
The ^'Ijldlngale ran througli the S. E. trades until she 
reached \i>'' south latitude, when she changed her course, 
heading for the west coast of Africa. Her clearance for Cal- 
cutta was a mere ruse to conceal her real intentions, and is 
resorted to by owners and captains of vessels engaged in con- 
traband trade to jirevent seizure. 

The vessel made the coast and entered the Congo River to 
dispose of her cargo, and wait for her living freight coming 
from the interior. But notwithstanding the subterfuge, the 



American authorities had knowledge of her true destination, 
and had communicated the intelligence to their flag ofScer in 
command of the U. S. squadron, and in accordance with the 
instructions received, the U. S. men of war were on the look 
out for her. 

Information of her ascending the Congo Eiver having 
reached the American Commodore he cruised off the mouth of 
that stream. Communications with the natives confirmed the 
intelligence received, and preparations were made for her cap- 
ture. Two boats were accordingly manned and armed for the 
enterprise. 

To ascend this river you have to hug the south shore on 
account of the current which runs at the rate of six miles an 
hour, and no boat's crew could pull against such a stream. 
They started at dark ^o that their movements might not be 
noticed on shore and reported to the officers of the ship they 
wished to capture. Stealthly they made their way up the river, 
perfect silence was enjoined, not a word being exchanged, for 
fear of detection, and, after a two hours' pull the object of 
fl^oir search cams into view as a bend of the river was passed. 
Everything on board of hor was in readiness to set sail. Her 
topsail yards were mast-headed with the topsails just stopped 
uj) with a rope yarn, tlie fore and main sail the same, 
while the jibs and stay-sail were hangingloo.se; the carpenter 
was standing at the pall bits, ready to unshackle, or, as sailors 
say, slip the cable, and let the anchor lay in the river. This is 
done to save time, likewise to prevent detection of your real 
movements in case any one should be watching, for when once 
away no boat living could catch a ship sailing down such a 
river with a six mile current and a good spanking breeze to fill 
every sail. 

The offi -ers of the U. S. boats were conversant with the fact 
anil acted accordingly. At the time of their arrival in the 
riv.'.r the NiglUmgale was .shipiiing her slaves, barge after barge 
full being brought down the river and passed over her side to 
the stifling hole below. 

The noise caused by the embarking of this dusky cargo was 
deafening. It being night, those on board necessarily used 
lanterns, thus throwing a little light on their dark deeds, all of 
which were plainly vi.sible to those watching in the boats, help- 
ing them to tell at what precise moment to strike. They 
accordingly waited their tima till the last load was seen coming 
down the river, when the order, hardly above a whisper, came — 
"give way." 

The boats soon were headed for the contraband. Not a 
word was spoken as the boats darted ahead, propelled by the 
brawny arms of their rallant crews. Every one was sanguine 
of the success of the enterprise. 

It may be remarked that there is nothing an "old salt" likes 
so much (except taking his grog) as one of these little "brush- 
es," as they are called. It gives a certain .spice to his life, 
and breaks up a S3as in of moaotony on the coast. 

The boats were pulled under the stern with the intention of 
boarding on each quarter. The captain and mate were walking 
on each side of the quarter-deck, being no doubt so absorbed 
in the embarkation of their living cargo, that they did not 
observe the ajiproach of the boats. 

The officers in command of the boats got into the mizzen 
chains, followed by about two-thirds of the boats' crews; and 
there thoy stood and listened to the conver.sation Oi' those on 
deck, likewise surveying the strange scene before them. As 
the captain and mate went to the edge of the poop deck to 
give some necessary orders about getting under weigh, each had 
in his hand a Colt's revolver, which was cither to enforce obe- 




jMP- 




JTJ^ElsriXjE IlsTSTI^TJCTOI?. 



137 




dience to command or to repel an attack in case one was made. 
In the meantime the ofl&cers and crews of the boats had gained 
the deck! Great was the consternation and wrath of the offi- 
cers of the slaver as they confronted the U. S. crew on their 
deck. In an instant they raised their revolvers and jioured 
forth imprecation after imprecation, threatening the officers 
with death. The U. S. officers stood calmly, only saying "Put 
those weapons down and don't make fools of yourselves." 

"Well," says the mate, "you have out-generaled us this 
time. What nation are you?" 

The senior officer answered: 

"I seize this vessel as a prize to the United States flag ship 
C«nsteUation. 

All this took place without the knowledge of the crew, who 
were engaged in making all ready for sea. 

When the crew understood the position of affairs they began 
to make preparations for leaving, which they did in the 
greatest possible haste; and, after stopping on shore about 
two weeks, the Flighty of Boston, alias the Fairy ^ of New York, 
came to anchor in the river, on which ship they took passage 
and were captured by Her Majesty's ship Falcon. 

The morning following the capture, the prize was taken down 
the river, a prize crew put on board, and she was sent to 
the Eepublic of Liberia, on the west coast ef Africa, a 
small country extending from Monrovia, the capital, on the 
north, to Cape Palmas on the south, taking a strip of land 
of about forty miles wide between the two places named. It 
is' considered to be under the protection of the United States. 

There was a fearful mortality among the slaves on the passage 
and on account of their close confinement below, a great num- 
ber died. Those who survived were kindly treated by Prest. 
Roberts and the authorities of Liberia. 



mtt^^t^nAtiut. 




West Weber, 

May 17, 1876. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother; — Thinking a few lines from this 
place might be interesting to the readers of the Iinstructor, I 
herewith oft'er them: 

On the 30th of April last we held an examination of our Sunday 
school in our new meeting house, which was filled to overflowing. 
A great many of the parents assembled to witness the examina- 
tion. 

After singing and prayer the children went through their exer- 
cises by answering questions from the Juvenile Instructor 
upon the history of Joseph Smith the Prophet, commencing with 
the first number of the tenth volume, through to the end of the 
volume. Every question was answered boldly and correctly to 
the surprise of all present. These questions wore answered by 
the yimnger scholars, after which the young ladies competed for 
tlie first, second and third prizes. These prizes consisted of the 
Autobiography of Parley P. Pratt, Koy to Theology and Spencer's 
Letters. 

Miss Margaret Ann Tlirio received the first jirizo for reciting 
the vision contained on page 2(i4 of the book of Doctrine and 
Covenants. Miss Sarah Jane Dance received the second pl-izo 
for reciting a revelation on page llii of the book of Doctrine and 
Covenants, and Miss Maggie Peterson the third prize for reciting 
(rom pages 127, 40, 29, .°.nd :!1 of Kliza K. Snow's Poems. 

The prizes were awarded to the above named by Elders Thos. 
Wallace and L. F. Monch, who expressed themselves as being 

ghly gratified with the jiroceedings, gave a great deal of good 



encouragement to the scholars and also to the teachers, and felt 
well repaid for their visit. 

The children were then dismissed until Monday, May 1st, at 
9 o'clock a. m., when they convened and received their prizes, 
and were highly instructed by President John I. Hart, Mr. 
Edmund Ellsworth and others. The afternoon was spent in danc- 
ing and singing for the enjoyment of the children. 

Our Sunday school is in a flourishing condition under the 
superintendence of Nathan Hawkes. It is the desire of our 
superintendent and those interested in the Sunday school to 
obtain a circulating library in our school that the children may 
have the privilege of storing their minds with useful knowledge. 
I am happy to say that the Juvenile Instructor is used in our 
school and is highly appreciated. 

We also have a Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association 
in this place, under the direction of President John I. Hart. 
The association assembles regularly once a week, and lectures 
upon the principles of the gospel, such as faith, repentance, bap- 
tism, the Holy Spirit, the fulfillment of prophecy and the origin 
of the Book of Mormon etc., are de.ivered. Our meetings are 
very interesting and are doing a great deal of good to the young. 

If this association keeps on in the way that it is going now one 
or two more years, We?t Weber will be a nursery for young elders 
who will be able to carry the go.=pel to the nations of the earth. 

Hoping that the Instructor may thrive and have a wide circu- 
lation, I remain yours, etc.. 

Alma Hardy. 



HUNTSVILLE. 

June, 1870. 

Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brotuer:— In behalf of our Sabbath school 
I wish to inform you, we are doing, I think, a good work among 
the young of this place, under the care of Supt. Chas. Wright.. 
Our teachers are punctual and very active, and the pupils really 
seem to love the Sabbath school. 

We anticipate having an examination commencine at ten a. m. 
on the 18th inst. 

On hearing of the death of Prest. P. A. Hammond's eldest 
son, P. A. Hammond jun., while filling his mission to Arizona 
the following resolutions were adopted: 

Kesolved that we as members of the Huntsville Sabbath 
school, realize a feeling of regret, in the loss of one of our 
teachers, viz. F. A. Hammond, jun., and by these tokens ofler 
our heartfelt sympathy to the parents, brothers, and sisters of 
the departed. Also we hereby resign our will to God the Eternal 
Father knowing that He doeth all things well, and prav that the 
spirit of peace and consolation may descend and abide upon the 
bereaved family; and that they with us mny so live that we may 
meet him in the Celestial Kingdom of our Gcd, when we have 
filled our mission here as faithfully as our departed brother, F. A. 
Hammond, jun. 

Kesolved that a copy of the above resolution be presented to 
the family of the departed. Also that a copy be sent to the 
Juvenile Inssructor for ))ublication. 

In behalf of the Huntsville Sabbath school. 

Charles Wright, Superintendent, 
George Halls, Asst. Supt. 
S. S. Uamnn>nd, " " 
William Halls, Sec. 



A LiK.— Sin lias many tools, but a lie is the hniiillc wliieli 
fits tlicm all. 

He who tells a lie is not sensible liow great a task be under- 
takes; for he must be forced to invent twenty more to maintain 
that one. 

Otic lie must be thiiti'bed with anolber, or it will soon rain 
through. 

A lie has no K-g.s, an<l cannot stand; but it lias wings, and 
can flv far and wide. 





13S 



J" TJ V E:zsr IHiE IIslSTI^TJO T,0 :Rj . 




Kreti 




tictor. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 15, 1876. 



EDITOI^/IJ^Xj thzoxjo-hits. 





-^^-^-^^ N the Editorial Thoughts in our last num- 
ber we giive our readers au account of 
the obstacles which beset Vermont when 
seeking admission into the Union; as also 
of the part taken by Ethan Alien in the 
contest. There is so much that is inter- 
esting concerning it, that we will here 
continue the subject. 

Every year Colonel Allen and his 
friends continued their efforts before Congress 
for the admission of Vermont as a State. The 
British knew how he .was treated, and they 
hoped to induce him to become a traitor to 
the colonies. Colonel Robinson, of the British 
army, addressed him two letters, in which he pro- 
];)Osed to him to join the British cause. He would 
in that way a.ssist "in uniting America to Great 
Britain, and therby restore the liaiii)y relations 
which hav6 been so wantonly an I unadvisedly destroyed." 
He never replied to these letters. He enclosed them in a 
communication to Congress. In that communication he jus- 
tified in the strongest terms the course of Vermont in 
declaring herself independent. The following extract from 
his letter to Congress will show how determined he was 
to establish that independence and to have her admitted as 
a State: 

"I am confident that Congress will not dispute my sincere 
attachment to the cau.se of my country, though I do not 
hesitate to say. I am fully grounded iu opinion, that A'ermont 
has an indubitable right to auree on terms of a cessation of 
ho.stilitie.s with Great Britain, provided the United States 
persist in rejecting her aiijilication for a Union with them. 
For Vermont would be, of all people, most miserable, were 
she obliged to defend the independence of the united claiming 
States, and they be, at the same time, at full liberty to over- 
turn and ruin the independence of A'ermont. When Congress 
considers the circumstances of this State they will, I am 
persuaded, be more surprised that I have transmitted them 
the inclosed letters than that I have kept th^m in custody so 
long, for I am as resolutely determined to defend the indepen- 
dance of Vermont as Congre.ss is that of the United States; 
and rather than fail, [ will retire with the hardy Green Moun- 
tain Boys into the desolate caverns of the mountains, and 
wage war with hriaan nature at large." 

Ethan Allen died in 1789, before Vermont was admitted as 
a State, fie was fifty-eight years of age at the time of his 
death. His memory is greatly venerated in Vermont. It is 
right and proper that such a man as he was, ,so true and brave, 
so indoniitabU' and strong iu resisting oppression, and yet .so 
kind and just, and remarkable, as he is said to have 
been, for his anxiety and efforts for any in trouble, should 
be gratefully remembered by the people for whose rights he 
battled. 

When u\ir little readers will hereafter see remaiks in the 
istory of the Prophet Joseph about the ''Green Mountain 
oys," they will know who are meant. The I'rophet Joseph 



was a Vermonter, and he had as strong a hatred of oppressions 
and as strong a love of liberty as any of the "Green Mountain 
Boys'" The Prophet Brigham is also a native of the same 
State. He has the same spirit. President Kimball was also 
born there, and many other leading men in Israel had their 
births in A'ermont. Born in such a land, with such a history 
and amid such surroundings and traditions, it is no wonder 
they love liberty and liate and grow restive under tyranny. 
No land has beeu so honored in theoe last days as Vermont, 
and cannot the reasons for this be perceived, at least in part? 
AVhere else on the earth could a more free, dauntless race of 
people be found, with such traditions as to the rights of man, 
and such examples as to the proper manner of maintaining 
and defending those rights"? 

The spirit which animated the "Green Mountain Boys" has 
beeu taken to Utah. It rests upon many there. We hope it 
will spread until all, both young and old, will be filled with it. 
That spirit is breathed in the following lines, which, tradition 
s.iys, were composed by Ethan Allen when gathering his 
men: 

Hu all to the burders! Vermunters come down. 
With your breeches of deerskin and jackets of brown. 
With your red woolen caps, and your moccasins, come 
To the gathering summons of trumpet and drum. 

Come down with your riflebi — let gray wolf and fox 
Howl on in the .shade of their primitive rocks; 
Let the bear feed securely from pig-pen and stall — 
Here's a two-legged game for your powder and ball. 

What seek they among us? The pride of oar wealth 
Is comfort, contentment, and labor, and health, 
And lanJs, which, as freeman, we only have trod. 
Independent of all, save the mercies of God. 

Come York, or come Hampshire— come traitors and knaves; 
If ye rule o'er our land, ye shall rule o'er our graves; 
Our vow is recorded, our banner unfurled; 
In the name of Vermont we di.fy all the wurld! 



A.N'UMHKR of articles written by young members of the 
various literary associations so commou among us to-day 
have been handed to us for perusal or publication. As a 
general thing they are written in answer to ([uestions pro- 
pounded in the societies on matters pertaining to our rehglon, 
aud include a variety of subjects, such as "Faith," "Evidences 
of the Authenticity of the Book of Mormon," etc. These 
are excellent exercises, and it has afforded us pleasure to see 
the many good points that are made in them, and the eviden- 
ces of study and rese.irch they contain, but to notice all the 
good things that arc writU'ii winild be simply impossible, with 
our limited space. Theme writing is always good, especially 
when subjects are .selected by persons who are deeply imbued 
with the importance of our religion. The time will come 
when we will have a literature of our own as a people, aud 
exercising our youth in composition is one of the means to 
attain to this end. As the muscle of the blacksmith increases 
in power by exercise, .so are our mental iaeulties improved by 
constant use. 



f:r^oct^j^stxj<tj^tx(D2>t. 



Shun delays; they breed remorse; 

Take thy time while time is lent thee; 
Creeping snails have weakest force; 

Fly thy fault lest thou repent thee; 
Good is best when soonest wrought; 
Lingering labors come to naught. 





j"TJ^EizsriLE JinsreTi^Tj G-xoi^. 



139 




\IL,ri^i to- 



ur 



nil 



f il c §, 



EY HUGH KNtlCGH. 




CHAPTKU XIJ. 

TirERE are tWH rivors in New /.-.il itid whii-h are ►■X( tvitiou^ 
tothegener.il rule, nameiy, tin- NVaiiiiukariri in the Jliddle 
and the Wansauui iu the Xurih Isijun. Fi;arful ufa su "'cal 
operation having 



to be performed it" 
you attempt to 
utter the name ot" 
the first river, 1 
will give the pro- 
nunciation: Whj'- 
maek-a-rear-ri. 

These rivers 
wind thiough the 
country for a 
considerable dis- 
t ince, and so lose 
the force of their 
current, and have 
high banks on 
either side which 
prevent their 
overflowing. As 
their name indi- 
cates, they abound 
in a great variety 
of most delicious 
fish, from the tiny 
white bait tn the 
kawi, or New 
Zealand salmon. 
Many a pleasant 
hour have I spent 
iu my punt, or 
canoe, fishing oa 
the first named 
river. It was on 
t h i s river, too, 
that 1 learned to 
propel and be e.\- 
pert with the 
.Maori canoe. 
These canoes are 
foruied from the 
trunk of a young 

tree, .scooped out " a o k i 

or burnt liollow, at which work the uat'ves are vey clever. 

They are from ten to twenty f,;et iu length, sharp pointed at 
each end, and just wide enough i'oi- a uioderate sized pei>oii to 
sit down. They are juopelled 1 y a p hMIc about fmir feet in 
length; great care being reipiiicd to keep one's balance and 
not catch crabs, otlierwi.sc you and the canoe are sooncatmized. 
A proficient id the management of the canoj can propel (ii.'iter 
with it than any row boat, and can twi.st ami turn the canoe at 
the sharpest angle, alnio.-t making it >pni in llii' wat, r, but 
when doing this or shootiog a lapiil he niu.-.t iui\e neivj and 
his wits about him. 



.1.- 




For the purpose of war or carriage of merchandise the 
M.tori> (tite native name of the aborigines) build much larger 
cuiioes. which are finely carved, and jiainted with grolesiiue 
fisrure head-, ind .•-omet'mes will hold as many as forty or fifty 
warriiir>. We inay sjieak of the.-e war canoes on another 
occa-iou. 

In giving the full and Just description of a country, its good 
and bad leatures ^houl(l be docribed. and I must not omit to 
njention that New Zealand ba- ime very bad feature, that is, 
earthtiu.ikes. Now to a jiersim not accustomed to these frisky 
dauie Nalurj, they are anvthiLg bit agreeable, but 
^ mo.>t jieople who 



have lived on 
those islands for 
many years have 
become so a c - 
customed to being 
shaken up as to 
be not much 
alarmed at au 
earthquake s a]i- 
jiroach; iu facf^, 
some feel like the 
sailor who yas so 
accustomed to 
rolling iu his ham- 
mock at soa, that 
when he went to 
bed on shore he 
could not sleep, 
and so hit upon 
the idea of having 
a large cradle 
made for him, and 
engaged a boy to 
rock him to sleep 
every nifht. Vt^e 
is second nature. 
The first intinui- 
t'on that one has 
of the approach 
ot iMr. Karth- 
(|uake is a close- 
ness iu the at- 
nutsphere, accom- 
panied by a jier- 
fect calm; then a 
low rumbling 
sound in the 
earth, followed by 
a gentle moving 
ot the ground, 
which every mo- 
'. causing a leeling like sea-sickness; an<l 
ii.ne :ill they c4in do to stand firm and 
elect. Sometime.- a .-hock will come sharp and sudden, sending 
:ill and eVei_Mhing .-pruwliiig. IVihaps you have experienced 
on boaid n tiain of sleaiu cars when about starting a sudden 
jeik will f' re enough to pitch you into your m'ighbor's arm:-. 
It so, ii,n!ii|>ly litis b.\ , say. ten ami then you will get about 
the eoneel idea of thi- kind of e.irlli shake. 

In .Ni'W /ealiind and oilier eoniitrii's where earthi|Uakes are 
liable til (ceur the people lake the preiaiilioii not to build high 
h u.ses, for a violent shake would lo/ple them over. .\s it i^. il 



.\ .N I) W I I 
inelll illc-'ill 
l.ie .-(I o. ...... 



f'lre' 





140 



O'TJ'VET^IX.-EI Il^STI^TJCTOZE?. 




onlj' of one or two stories, they do much damage, toppling 
over brick chimneys, cracking walls, breaking furniture, glass- 
ware, etc. ; in fact, those who felt and witnessed the effects of 
the explosion of the magazines in S?.ltLake City on the 5th of 
April last, can form some idea of a slight earthquake. 

Now }'ou will say, "What a dreadful country to live in, I 
would not go there for anything in the world!" But then you 
must remember there are advantages to counterbalance the 
unwelcome visitors, and besides they do not make a call every 
day, for their visits are sometimes years apart, and sometimes 
there are several shakes occurring in a short space of time. 
Nobody knows when to expect them. One gets used to them 
after awhile, although I have known instances of persons, 
who, after experiencing their first shake, have almost given 
their property away, and rushed on shipboard to get out of 
the country, frightened out of their wits. 

NEW ZEALAND FORESTS. 

On the Middle Island of New Zealand there is comparatively 
very little "bush" (the local name for forest); but on the North 
Island there are immense tracts of land covered with dense 
bush. All indigenous (native of the country) vegetation is, 
without exception, evergreen; so that at all times, nature has 
a bright, fresh appearance. Those trees which have been 
introduced into the country stick to their old habits, and strip 
themselves bare in the autumn, to again put on a new coat in 
the spring. These forests have a thick and almost impenetra- 
ble undergrowth, formed by beautiful ferns (of which three 
hundred species are found, forty-two of which are unknown 
to any other country), the supplejack, a strong running plant, 
which crosses and twines itself through the shrubs and trees, 
and an abundance of pretty flowering shrubs of sweet perfume; 
also the nikau and ti-tree, species of palm, the pith of which 
is edible and much used by the natives for food. 

The timber or lumber of New Zealand is very valuable and 
is largely exported. One of the finest timber trees in the 
world is the Kauri pine. It grows perfectly straight, and, to 
illustrate its value, I will state that a tree was cut some time 
ago, the trunk of which was forty feet in length and thirty- 
seven feet around, and it yielded when sawed up, 22,000 feet 
of rich mottled Kauri, which was sold for $2, .500. 

This tree is very valuable for ship building, as well as for 
other purposes. The gum from the kaui-i pine is nlso very 
valuable. Over a large area of land which has been exhausted 
by kauri forests in past ages, and is now barren and almost 
unfit for cultivation, the gum which has exuded fi-om the dead 
tree.?, is found to the depth of two and three feet. This gum 
is very hard and is carved and polished and made into jewelry; 
but its great value is for making varni,sh and is worth .SI 50 
per ton. To give some idea of the trade in this article from 
the year 1870 to 1872, the amount exported was valued at 
§2,285,095. 

There are to be found in these New Zealand forests over 
100 varieties of valuable wood, among the foremost of which 
may be mentioned the kahikated, rimu, totara and kawfe. 

The early settlers formerly destroyed these valuable trees- 
clearing the bush to make room for homesteads, but the 
Government have put a stoj) to the practice. 

In our next chapter we will describe that wonderful and 
valuable plant the phoronium teuax. 

*« -» i» 




How easy it is for one benevolent being to diffuse pleasure 

around him; and how truly is a kind heart a fountain of glad- • 

:ss, making everything in its vicinity to freshen into smiles. 



uestion^ nnd %nnwtr§ 



03Sr THZIH 

book: OIF nvc o IE?. ivd: o 3sr 



LESSON CVIII. 

Q. — Whom did Lachoneus appoint as chief captain of the 
armies of the Nophites? 

A. — Gidgiddoni. 

Q.— What occurred in the last part of the year 18? 

A. — The robbers came down from the mountains and took 
possession of the deserted towns of the Nephites. 

Q. — When did the robbers attack the Nejihite armies? 

A. — In the beginning of the next year. 

Q. — What was their reason for thus attacking the fortified 
armies? 

A.— The Nephites had taken av,'ay their stock and there was 
nothing for the robbers to eat. 

Q. — When the Nephites saw their enemies approaching what 
did Ihey do? 

A. — They fell to the earth and called upon the Lord for de- 
liverance. 

Q. — What was the result of the battle? 

A. — The Nephites were victorious, and pursued the robbers 
until they came to the borders of the wilderness. 

Q. — Who was killed in this fight? 

A.— Giddianhi, the leader of the robbers. 

Q. — Who succeeded him in command? 

A. — A man named Zemnariliah. 

Q. — When did he begin preparations for war? 

A. — In the year 21. 

Q. — What was his plan? 

A. — To lay siege to the Nephites and cut them off from food. 

03Sr THE BIBLE. 



Q. — What did Jonathan answer his father? 

A. — "Wherefore shall he be slain? what hath ho done?" 

Q.— What did Saul do then? 

A. — He cast a javelin at Jonathan to smite him. 

Q.— What did Jonathan learn by this? 

A. — That his father was determined to slay David 

Q. — What did Jonathan then do? 

A. — He "arose from the table in fierce anger, and did eat no 
meat." 

Q. — Why was Jonathan angry? 

A. — "He was grieved for David, because his father had done 
him shame." 

Q. — What did Jonathan do in the morning? 

A. — Ho "went out into the field at the time appointed with 
David, and a little lad with him." 

Q. — What did Jonathan say to the lad? 

A. — "Run, find out now the arrows which I shoot." 

Q — As the lad ran, how did Jonathan shoot? 

A. — "He shot an arrow beyond him." 

Q. — What did Jonathan cry out when the lad was come to the 
place of the arrow which he had shot? 

A. — "Is not the arrow beyond thee?" 

Q. — What else did Jonathan say to the lad? 

A. — "Make speed, haste, stay not." 

Q. — What did Jonathan's lad then do? 

A. — He gathered up the arrows and came to his master. 

Q. — Did the lad understand the meaning of what he had done? 

A. — "Only .Jonathan and David knew the matter." 

Q. — What did Jonathan say to the lad when he had given him 
the bow and arrows? 

A. — "Go, carry them to the city." 

Q. — Wliat happened as soon as the lad was gone? 

A. — "David arose out of the place toward the south, and fell 
upon his face to the ground, and bowed himself three times.' 





JTJ^EISrirjEl IlsTSTI^UC'TOI?.. 




E2C: HIIB T Tiozsr. 



OPINIONS OF THE PKESS. 



Now that a tolerable degree of order is established, and only 
a few exhibitors remain who have not completed their 
displa.vs, it must be conceded that the French ?ec'ion as a whole 
will prove to manj' people the most interesting in the Exhibition, 
and that in more than one group of objects it is unequaled. 

Thus the predominance of articles o.' real beauty, such as the 
bronzes, porcelains, faience, laces, jewelry, and the innumerable 
host of articles de fantaisie^ and the systematic and tasteful 
arrangement of the plainer wares and fabrics, combine to make 
the French section a delight to people of cultivated taste. It 
is also especially the domain of the ladies, and its portals might 
be appropriately inscribed, '' Pljce aux Daines^" for nowhere 
else are there so many elegant things, such as women most 
covet — lace shawls of the finest workmanship, silks in a profuse 
variety of color and pattern, rich brocades and velvets, lovely 
embroideries, costly Paris dresses, heavy with flowers and real 
point lace; silk stockings with lace inserted at the instep; the 
daintiest of shoes and slippers, jewelry, fans, ribbons, artifical 
flowers, and a thousand ipiaint and pretty articles for the 
writing-desk, the mantel, and the boudoir table, all admirable 
in their way. 

In case one wishes to make a serious tour for information 
among the French cases, and lias a lady with him, let him 
begin with the bronzes, or the chemicals, or the carriages, and 
keep out of the dangerous region where the Paris modistes and 
jewelers set snares for his feet. He may venture into the superb 
court of the Lyons silk manufacturers, but so no further. Here 
may be learned how much more eifective is the display of silks, 
to which perhaps 40 makers contribute, than it would have 
been if each had set up his own case. In the center of the 
court, seated upon the soft cushions of the con.fortable divan, 
you get at a glance the striking efifect of the whole displa.v. 
Thus seen, the tout ensemlle of the exhibit of this industry is 
remarkably brilliant and impressive, whereas if the articles had 
been installed in a lone: line of small separate cases, they would 
have been monotonous and wearisome. The bronzes, have the 
place of honor at the crossing of the nave and transept of the 
building, where they fiice the English and American s'Jverware 
and the German porcelain. Marchand shows some fine pieces, 
but nearly all are copies of old works. One of the best statues 
is Bourgeoise's Negro Snake Charmer or prize picture. Bour- 
geoi.se's Kabylean Laundress is also here — a woman nude down 
to the hips, who stamps upon a pile of clothes while she turns 
water upon them from a pitcher. Both these figures, which 
appear to be companion pieces, are full of action. Two other 
figures, representing Egyjitian dancers with a triangle and 
tambourine, are almost as good. Recent art is best represented 
by Schonewerk's "Boy and Tortoise," which received a gold 
medal at the Salon of ISTr). A nude boy (life size) has dis- 
covered a tortoise, anil is down on his knees upon a rock, 
cautiously ))ieking up the alarmed animal. ^'ery imposing 
from its great size, and admirable for the pure, classic taste 
it displays, is Marchand's great mantel of black marble and 
bronze. It is IG leethigh by 1 1 wide. The principal decorations 
are in verd antique and gilt bronzi. 

Under the title o^ Bronzes de. Fantaisie the Paris .hou.so of 
Kall'el shows a great variety of very attractive work in vases, 
tables, candelabra, flower stands, ca>kets, etc., of gilt and .silver 
bronze in combination with porcelain and glass. In its line, 
this work i.s not equaled in the Exhibition. 



The porcelain exhibit adjoins that of the bronzes. Prom the 
absence of the Sevres ware, which I am told has been sent, but 
for some reason is not yet unpacked, this group shows somewhat 
to disadvantage in comparison with the neighboring one in the 
English section. Its strong points are the display of Palissy 
ware made by Barbizet, the grandson of the man who disco- 
vered at Dijon, fifty years ago, the secret of Bernard Palissy's 
method, and the production of fifteenth and sixteenth century 
faience. I leave this group for special treatment hereafter, by 
a competent critic, in connection with the general subject of 
ceramic art at the Exhibition. 

Among the exhibits in this department is a colossal bust of 
Washington by H. Cros. The bust is cast in one solid piece; 
the expression of the countenance noble and heroic. There are 
also fine specimens of workmanship in hammeie 1 brat s, in salvers, 
docks, and fancy fisrures. In furniture there are magnificent 
book cases, cabinets, secretaries and tables. In silk exhibits 
the display of cocoons and skein silk is very fine, one house 
exhibiting .5(J varieties of coccoons. Before long we also may 
excel in silk raising, to which much attention is now being 
given by ouy sisters, who will soon give in this city an exhibi- 
tion of silk in its variou.5 stages of growth and manufacture. 



ICIiTIDlSrESS. 



A Cadiz letter says : "Notice had been posted in all the public 
places that on a certain day the bull called 'El Moro' 
would be introduced into the arena, and that, when he should 
have been goaded to the uttermost fury, a .voung girl would 
appear and reduce the animal to quiet subjection. The people 
of Cadiz had heard of 'El Moro' as the tuost magnificent bull 
ever brought into the city, and it .Soon became known that the 
girl thus advertised was a peasant girl of p]spara, who had 
petted the bull, and fed it and cared for it during the years of 
its growth. On the appointed day the vast amphitheatre was 
filled with an anxious, eager crowd. The bulls had been killed 
and dragged away, and then the flourish of trumiiets announced 
the coming of the hero of the day. With a deep, terrific roar, 
'El ^loro' entered up")n the scene. lie was truly magnificent 
— a bovine monarch — black and glossy, with eyes of fire, dilating 
nostrils and wicked-looking horns. 

''The picadorcs attacked him warily, and hurled their bande- 
rillos (small, dart-like iavelins, ornamented with ribbons, and in- 
tended to jade and infuriate). The bull had killed three horses 
off'-hand, and had received eight banderihos in his neck and 
shoulders, when, upon a given signal, the iiicadnres and niata- 
dores suddeidy withdrew, leaving the inl'uriated beast alone in 
his wild paroxy.sms of wrath. Presently a .soft, musical note, 
like the piping of a lark was heard, and directly afterward a 
girl not more than fifteen years of ago, with the tasteful garb 
of an Andahisian peasant, and with a iirelty face, sjirang lightly 
into the arena, aiq.)roacliing the bidl fearlessly, at the same 
time cllling his name, ']\Ioro! Moro! Vavoy!' At the first 
sound (if the sweet voice the animal ceased his fury, and turned 
toward the place wlience it came, and when he saw the girl he 
plainly manifested jiloasure. She came to his head and put 
forth her hand, which he lickeil with his tongue. Then she 
sang a low, sweet song, at the same time caressing the animal 
by patting him on the forehead, and, while she sang, thesnfl'or- 
ing monarch kiicrlcd at her feet. Tiien she stooped and gently 
removed the cruel banderillos, after wliich, with her arms 
aniiind 'HI -Moro's' neck, she led him toward the gate of the 

torril." 
♦ 





14:2 



J-TJ^E3^II-.E] 'IIsrSTI^UCTOI?.. 




3l:bttei?.s to oxjs. CHIII-.- 
IDK.:EZ^T. 

PROM A MISSIONARY IN N 0. 



NATURAL H I S T O R Y 




fPllF, winter has passed away, atid spring lias arrivcil. with all 
1 its s?lory and its joys. The tree-;, resurrceteJ to life, are 
cl.)thed with beautiful foliage. The air is fragrant with the 
perfume of blossoms and flowers. The fields, rich with green 
grain, give hope to the farmer of a bountiful harvest. The 
Joyous birds, clothed in their varied plumage, are arriving 
from their winter quarters and sending forth their melodious 
anthems of joy and praise, giving ide.i ure to our senses and 
ffladness to our hearts. In our journeyings through the woods, 
as we pass from place to place, wo cannot but stop to admire 
the beauties of nature. Now a beautiful I'ird attracts our 
attention, as it flies in the glorious sunlight. Then the rich 
wild honeysuckle, the bloom of the dogwood tree, the laurel 
and cth^i; trees and plants excite our joy and admiration. 

How excellent and beautiful are the works of (rod, the 
loving Creator of heaven, the earth, the sea and the fountains 
of water, the God whom we adore, our Father and oui' Fi iend ! 

Who that enjoys life does not love the beautiful? How 
pleasant it is to have a holiday in the kanyons, to go May 
walking, to cull the beautiful wild flowers and arrange them in 
tastefid posies; to watch the happy butterfly and tlie busy bee. 

Ah! what beautiful posies we could gather here in the 
''Sunny South," flowers so varied in form and beauty, with 
such brilliant colors, all growing wild in the meadows and 
fields. Then the butterfly and bright-winsed insect tribes all 
add to the beauty of the scene. In the woods the timber is of 
very large growth, and makes a very grateful sbad(! from the 
noonday heat. Here flourish the chestnut, walnut, oak of 
variou.s kind.s, such as black oak, white oak, post oak, chestnut 
oak and other varieties; also the poplar, maple, hickory, elm, 
pine, cedar, fir, leech, black gum, dogwood, .sower-wood, liolly 
and almost every kind we can mention; some very large, and 
some quite majestic in appearance, towpring upw"ards and 
spreadiiu' their grand, leafy branches all around. The .sower- 
wood bears a very beautiful flower, rich in sweetness; it is a 
great favorite with the bees. During the .season this tree is 
in bloom the bees make the finest honey, remarkable for its 
richness, purity and color. The shrubs also are very fine, 
many of them bearing beautiful blo.ssoms. Some kinds of 
laurel be.ar a large, handsome blossom. Then tl'e lilackberry. 
huckleberry, dewberry and wild strawberry, in bloom, all add 
to the beauty of the scene. 

Ot birds, there are the red-bird, l)lne-bird, mocking-bird, 
martin, wren, robin, dove, hawk, buzzard, spaii-ow, raven, 
crow, yellow-hammer, crane, king-fl.sher, bee martin, humming- 
bird and other's; irot forgetting the whip-jroor-will, who'-e 
plaintive note is heai-d in the evening when all else is hushed. 
Besides all these, we have the owls with their lar'ge eyes and 
solemn looking heads. We .saw a vei'y lai'ge one a few days 
since; he had been ni.iking too free with the poultr'y yard of a 
friend of our-', and had killed and partly eaten a fat dm-k. 
The boys buill a rra]i over the remains of the poor duck, and 
when .Mr. Owl came tn finish his rueal he was trapped and had 
to pay the penalty for his stealim; ilmks. Wc cime afterwards 
and saw what a fine specimen it was, and llmught it a pity we 
could not have it stuffed and sent to the l)e>eret ^I\i>euni. 

Of animals, in the woods ;irid by ihi' rivers and creeks, the 
black bear .still makes his home in these mountains, although 



.seldom seen, except in the unfrequented parts, or when hunger 
has given him courage to come down to seek for something to 
eat. Deer used to be very plentiful, but they have withdrawn 
to the less frequented spot.-; but the raccoon, opossum, grey 
fox, rabbit, flying-squirrel, ground-squirrel, otter, beaver, 
uiink and uiuskrat enjoy life in the woods and str'eams of these 
nuumtains. Rats and weazels also alinund, and make their 
homes in the barns and habitations oi liie pL-ople, uninvited. 

We mu.-it not forget the jiigs; thei-e arc mii lu-mber of them 
that have the range of the woods, and "root" for their living. 
In the fall, when the acorns and chestnuts are plentiful, the 
porkers have a fine time, with little necessity for "rooting," 
as the fruit fr-om the trees then falls to the ground, and the 
hogs get fat. 

Then, my little friends, there is another cla.ss of animals 
per-haps le.ss welcome than all — the snakes. No one likes "a 
snake in the grass," or in the house either, for that matter-. 
Well, there are plenty of them here. Of these, the rattlesnake, 
which grows very large, the moccasin and the adder are ven- 
omous; the bla?:k .snake and the garter snake ar-e not considered 
so bad. There is also the pilot snake and the water moccasin; 
but snakes of any kind are seldom if ever welcome. 

A few days ago a black snake crossed our path, and we 
watched him climb up a tree. Another time one crossed our 
path, and oirr companion asked. "Did you «ee that large black 
.snake?" No," we i-eplied, "where?" "rnder that large 
log," said our companion. We ihoirght we saw it partly 
concealed un^ier a log, and drooped a rock in the place, 
which hapiiened to strike Mr. Snake, who made a rapid 
exit un 'er some brusli and leaves, so we did not have 
our curiosity gratified. 

As a gcner-;d thing snakes keep out of the way of man, 
.seeming to know they are not welcome anywhere. A friend 
of ours was one day oirr, with a fine dog, a favorite of his, when 
a large snake crawled orrt and was making away, but the dog 
went after it: his master called Itim back, as the .snake was 
venomous ami he did not wish him to get )ioi.soned. But it 
was too late; the snake was prepar-ingf'or battle, when the dog, 
with a i-apid ii ovement, seized the snake a little below the 
back of the head and beat it violently on the ground, stretch- 
ing it out dead. The dog was only bitten slightly. Animals, 
after fighting with snakes, generally seek some herb or grass, 
which they eat, and which has the effect of counter-acting the 
poison. Uoal oil is about the last remedy tliat has been recom- 
mended fir a snake bite, and it is said to be used with success; 
Others recommend whi-^ky, as an internal remedy. This we 
suppo.se is on the principle that "like cures like:" one poison 
to courrteraet another. 

The black snake has the credit of killing off' the rattlesnake, 
so he is frequently allowed to live when otherwise he would be 
killed. We heard a snake stoi-y the other day, which we will 
i-elate to you: 

A farmer, jrassing through a wood, heard a terrible commo- 
tion among the leaves, and stood still, wondering what itcculd 
mean. He ^aw a large black snake crawl off and then .suddenly 
return, and the commotion was r-epeated. The farmer went 
up to the s])Ot and discovered a large rattlesnake stretched 
out dead. The black snake overcomes the rattlesnake by 
rapidly coiling around and squeezing him to death. 

Then there are ai'C lizai-ds, .scorpions, large, uglv spider's 
and other annoyances in ihe shape of flies, horse-flies, gnats, 
ticks and fleas that ai-e not pleasant to come in contact with. 
'J'liere ar'e also ants of many sorts and sizes, beetles and bugs 
of every kind and color, some most brilliant; and then, wh 





crTJ^iiinNrii_.E iitsti^xjctoi^ 



143 




night comes, the "fire-flies," or "lightning-bugs," fill the uir 
with their flashes of miniature lightning. 

Now, my little friends, although thousands of miles awaj', 
j'ou see j"Ou are not forgotten by your former visitor and 
teacher. This little chapter on the natural history of this 
southern country, will, we trust, give you still further insight 
into the works of God. 

May you still continue to practice virtue, that you may 
become champions for the truth when we who are now battling 
for it shall have passed away. Bro. George. 



■ 4 i<i -^> .~^i j »ii 



l|iof|rH||liP. 






THZE 



( Continued. ) 

AFTER Martin Hanis returned from the city of New York 
he went home and arranged his aft'air.-, and then came 
to live with Jo.seph in Pennhylvaiiia. This was in the month 
of April, 18;28. Joseph translated fiom the plates, and Martin 
Harris wrote as he translated. Some time after lie had begun 
to write for Joseph, he commenced teaming .losejdi to let him 
have the writings to carry home to >how them. He teased so 
much that Jcseph inquired of the Lord wliether he might 
take the writings home, and tiie Lord replied that he must, 
not. But this did not sati>fy JLirlin Harris. He pressed 
Joseph to ask again, and the .second time he received the 
same an.sner. The third time Joseph asked for him, the Lord 
granted him the privilege of taking the wriiinss on cei tain 
conditions. These conditions Martin Harris bound himself in 
the most solemn manner to observi-. But he did not observe 
them, and broke his covenant, aiwl lost the writings. The Loid 
was displeased with Joseph for wearying Him as he had done 
about this matter, and He took the Urim and Tlmmmim and 
afterwards the plates from him. 

This was a great lesson to Joseph, fijr it taught him that 
when the Lord once told hiui not to do anything, he ought nut 
to continue to weary Him for the privilege of doing it. This is 
a lesson which children should also learn. When they ask 
their parents for the privilege of doing .something or going 
somewhere, and their jjarents say, no, they ought to be 
satisfied, and not continue to tease them to say yes. 

Jo.seph humbled himself before the Lord, and He gave him 
the plates and Urim and Thummim again. 

On the ISth of April, 181:1), Oliver (Powdery came to 
Joseph's house. He had been keci)ing scIumiI in the neigiilior- 
hood where Jo.seph's father resided, and bad bciartlcd with the 
family. The family ha<l told him about Josepli'.s baving 
received the i)lates; after hearing which, be started to Pcmi- 
sylvania to make inquiries of Jo epli. Two days after his 
arrival, Jo.seph commenced the translation of the Book of 
Mormon, and Oliver ("owdiiy comm need to write lor him. 
From the time that Jo.-eph couiiiienced to translate he reci^iveiJ 
a great many revelatioii.s concerning' tiie Work of the Jjord 
which He had commenced and the lu l.ie.s of the gospel which 
He was about to send forth to the nations of the earth. These 
gave him great light, and prepared him fin- ibe position which 
lie had to occupy. 

Having found iiaptism I'ur the lemissimi of sins mcntioi.td 

the Book of Mormon, JusciJi lud Oliver ('<)wdcry Celt led 



to inquire of the Lord respecting this ordinance. For this 
parpose they went into the woods to pray. This was on the 
l.'itli day of JLiy, ISLi'.l. While piaying for this knowled,ge, 
a uies-cnger descended from heaven in a cloud of light. He 
toll them that his name wa< John, the same that is called 
John the Baptist in the New Testament. By reading in 
Jlithew, 3d chapter, 13 — 17 ver.ses you will tee that it was 
John who baptized Jenis; and, by tm'uing to Mark, 0th 
ciiapter, Ki — 29 ver.ses you can read about John being killed. 

John hold the keys of the Aaronic Priesthood; and he told 
Jo.-eph and Oliver that he acted under the direction of the 
Apostles, Peter, James and John, who held the keys of the 
Priesthood of Melchisedeck. He laid his hands upon their 
heads and ordained them to the Aaronic priesthood. He told 
tbeai that the Aarouic priesthood had the authority to baptize 
by immersion for the remission of sins; but not the power to lay 
on hands for the reception of the Holy Ghost; that power, he said, 
would be conferred upon them hereafter. He gave them direc- 
tions about baptizing. The same day they went and were bap- 
tized, Joseph baptized Oliver first, and afterwards Oliver bap- 
\iwa\ him. When they had. finished the baptism, Joseph laid 
bis bands on Oliver's head and ordained him to the Aaronic 
lu'icsthood, and Oliver then laid his hands on Joseph's head 
ami ordained him to the same priesthood. This they had 
been commanded to do by the messenger. As soon as they 
Were baptized, the Holy Ghost fell upon them, and they 
proidiosi.^d a great muny things which should shortly come to 
pass. 

These Were the first baptisms, of which we have any 
aecnunt, that had been approved and sanctioned by the Lord, 
for upwards of fourteen hund.ed years. All the churches 
t'lat had been built up duri'-g those many hundred years had 
I)een organized by man, without the direction of the Almighty. 
The wicked had killed God's servants who held the Holy priest- 
h )ud, an] there was no man left on the earth who could 
biptize or do anv thing in the Lord's name, that He would 
acknowledge. Although Joseph had seen and conversed with 
heavenly beings, he did rot, therefore, have the right to 
baptize any person, or to administer any ordinance belonging 
to the kingdom of God. He had to wait until he was ordained, 
and had the prlc^hood conferred upon him, befmc the Lord 
would acknowledge his right to baptize. And there was no 
man on the earth who could ordain him to this power. Men, 
t'lerefore, who had held the keys of priesthood when they 
were (m the earth, but who had been killed, had to come from 
heaven and ordain Joseph. And even when he and (.)!iver 
w ;ie ordained to the Aaronic priesthood, they could not laj' 
hands on peeple for the Holy Ghost to rest upon them; they 
ciuild only baptize them for the remission of their sins. They 
had to wait until the Apostles, Peter, James and John, who 
w(u-e the last men who had held the keys of the Melchisedeck 
Iirii'sthood .'Mi the earth, should come to tluin and ordain 
them and give them the necessary power and authority. 

The Lord does not want iiny man to ad for Mini, unless He 
tolls him to do so. They must not run until they are sent. 
By r<-;iding the Bible, the l>ooi; of ."^Iiuinon and the I'ook of 
1) )i t iiie and Covenants you will find that lie has always been 
very pal licular a'loiit this. It i- iii:;iortant, children, that yon 
remember thc^e thiii::>. 



ImiI! bin; will) docs everythiii'.' in its proper time, one day 
is worth three. 



AlTE.N'TloN to s:ii.i!l th'n.;s :., tlie eeoncnny of \irlno. 



/i 




-rfifcju^ 




14 i 



vJU^ED^ILE IlSrSTI^TJOTOI^ 




THE LA-ISTHD 0:F ZIOIsT 



Vrittenfor and to be sun^ at the Chah County Sunday 

School Jubilee^ to he held at Payson Ci>y, 

July 2Ath, 1876. 



We have a land of beauty, 

Which God vouchsafes to bless, 
Because we are his iioople, 

Who now this land possess; 
This land we plant and water, 

And G«d gives great increase; 
Thu« we are blessed with plenty, 
Likewise with joy and peace: 
Chorus! 

We've a beautiful, beautiful land! 

To which all Saints we invite; 
0! come! Saints come! 
With us make your home, 
And help us to do what's right. 

The Lord is now fulfilling 

What prophets have declared; 
The faithful Saints are gath'ring 

Unto the land prepared; 
The desert is rejoicing, 

And blossoms as the rose; 
The wilderness is fruitful, 

And still more fruitful grows. 
This is the land of Zion, 

Where Saints from ev'ry clime 
Kejoice with joy and singing, 

And have a hapjiy time. 
Our praises and thanksgivings, 

Our st-rvice and our love. 
With grateful hearts, we render 

To Go J, who reigns above. 

Hkxry Maibkn. 



TO OTJK. i=j^Ti?.onsrs. 




IITf, have .several new attractions to offer our readers in the 
TT future numbers of this volume. In the next number we 
will commence a hi^'hly interestin.g serial entitled 'Leaves 
I'Kn.M .\ IjO(( B(")r)K," by that ixiftej and vcr.atilc writer Geo. 
AI. ()ttinj,'er. To lho*e who have read the humorous and 
i:i-.truetive stories of liis i)ersoual experienco, ' \ Boy's A'oyage 
Around the World." and "An AJventnreat Tabojra," as they 
appeared in our columns, and still later, his "Old America," the 
cont-lusioii of which is published in this present number, we 
need say nothiuL' more than that in his ■Loaves from a Lo,;: 
Book," the writer will fully sustain his i)ast reputation. The 
caption alone is a suffielenl .cuaraiily that the reader will get 
the full benefit of his extensive travel, deep research, keen 
observation and happy, humorous .stylo. 

We .-hall also .diortly publish a number of ar;iclc.s on the 
mi-.sionary work amonir the Indians, to.u'ether with sketches of 
their style of life, habits and customs. 

Wc will al-^o have in a short time a series of articles from 
the pen of Mr. C. U. .Savas-, whose ploasinr, graphic, humor- 
ous style is so well known to our readers, from his "Bunning 
Away from Home" having been publi>hed quite recently. 

We have a lot of other good things in store for our i)atron.a, 
but wo will not enumerate any mure at the jjresent, as they 
will pMbaVdy be eon>idered quite as acceptable when they 
appear if not previously amounecd. 



With this number ends the first half of Volume XI., and, 
of course, with it expire all the subscriptions of those who 
subscribed when the volume commenced for onlj' half a year, 
un'ess they have siuce ordered a renewal of them. We trust 
that all such persons will not fail to renew their subscriptions 
iuiuieJiately, that they may not, by deferring it longer, run a 
chance of mi.ssing and not being able to get some numbers. 

It is perhaps not generally understood that subscriptions to 
the Instructoe can be commenced at any time during the 
year, instead of only at the beginning of the volume, as here- 
tofore. We have, however, a few back numbers from the 
beginning of the pre.^cnt volume that we can supply to those 
who de>ire them. 

We will be pleased to have our friends who have so kindly 
aided us in . obtaining subscribers for the present volume, 
renew their efforts to increase the circulation, so that if pos- 
sible the iiiflueuee of the IxSTRUCTdR for good may be felt in 
the family of every Latter day Saint in the land. 



S U 2Sr HD J^ -Y" XjESSOITS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TF «; HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH. THE PROPHET. — LESSON XXXIV. 



Q. — Who was it that started these persecutions against Joseph? 

A.— Two noted Presbyterians. 

Q. — Mention their names? 

A,— Cyrus McMaster and Dr. Boyington. 

Q. — Who was it that comforted Joseph under these trials and 
persecutions? 

A. — The Lord, by giving him several revelations. 

Q.— Where can the3' be found? 

A. — In the book of Doctrine and Covenants. 

Q. — When was the second conference held? 

A.— In September, 1830. 

Q. — What particular mission was called during the conference? 

A.— The Lord called Oliver Cowdery, Peter Whitmer Jr. 
Parley P. Pratt and Zeba Peterson to go on a mission to the 
Larnanites. 

Q. — In what direction did they travel? 

A. — They traveled from New York to Missouri. 

Q. — In going through the State of Ohio, whom did they visit? 

A. — They visited Sidney lligdon, a preacher of the reformed 
Baptist church. 

Q.— What did they give him? 

A. — They gave him the Book of Mormon to read. 

Q.— AVhat else did they do? 

A. — Tliej- preached the gospel to the congregation. 

Q. — In what town did Sidney Pigdon preach? 

A. — In Kirlland. 

Q. — Did any of his members receive the testimony of the elders. 

A. — Yes, seventeen of them, and Sidney Rigdon also. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ox THE FIRST & FIFTEKNTII OF EVERY MONTH. 



OSOROE a. CANKON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Cupy^ per Ammm — — |2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per j'ear additional wdl be charged for Postage. 

.^^SJ-Qfljce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Ut'.ih. 




