*^ 



u 



f . . II. 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1870. 



NO. 25. 



TilE ^WHIOrjE TI?.CJTI3:- 



I REMEMBER beiugmuch impressed in my childhood 
with an incident that my Uncle Miller related from his 
own early life. I was going away to school, and I had 
been paying a farewell visit to my uncle, who lived in a 
pretty liouse in the country. It was summer time, and 
wo sat out in the garden during the afternoon. 

"My dear," said my uncle, "you are going away from 
us, and there is just one piece of advice I will give you — 
always speak the truth." _ 

"Oh! uncle, do you think I would tell falsehoods?" said 
I, rather hurt at his remark. 

"Child, you do not know how hard it is at times to be 
perfectly truthful ; listen, and I will tell you what once 
happened to me in my boyhood. You know I was left an 
orphan when I was but eight years old, and I was taken 
by some distant relations who had a large family of their 
own, and \rhether it was my fault or my misfortune I 
can not tell, but I was> certainly not a favorite in Mr. 
Parkwick's family. The childre'n seemed to consider me 
an interloper. I was naturally dull and sad at losing my 
parents within six weeks of each other, and every little 
hardship in my new home only seemed to bring to my 
mind the home where I had once been so happy. I dare- 
say I was, as they called me, 'mopish,' but I do not think 
I was sullen, and it was very hard to me then to be called 
sly because I was quieter than John and Fred Parkwick. 
They were fond of playing me tricks, and when I fretted 
at them, or was for resenting them, I was scolded and 
often punished by their parents as ill-tempered." 

"How unjust, uncle," I could not help saying. 

"Yes, my dear, they might ijot liave meant it, but it 
was unjust, and they grew to dislike me! Now, whenever 
we take a dislike to any one it always makes us ready to 
believe evil of them. I had to be very watchful and cau- 
tious to escape free from many false charges, and I did not 
always escape. My life was so sad, that I longed to get 
away. I would willingly have done any kind of hard 
worK where I was kindly treated, rather than have been 
always subject to the caprices of my companions, and, 
through them, to the harshness of their parents. It hap- 
pened that the family removed to a larger liouse outside 
of the town, and during all the bustle of the removal, I 
was much liappier, for I worked with the men who wore 
loading and carting the furniture, and they praised me as 
quick and handy, and a word of approval was so uncom- 
mon that it quite cheered me. 

"There was one room over the front porch of the new 
house into which many valuable things were put that 



could not immediately be arranged. I was not strong 
enough, neither should I have been trusted, to carry any- 
thing up stairs to this room. But I worked at handing 
many lighter articles from the van to the men. John and 
Fred got into the van as it was becoming empty, and 
were shouting and romping there. I felt them lift ofT my 
cap as I stooi on the ground close to the back of the van. 
I knew if I took any notice they would pick a quarrel 
with me, so I worked on bare-headed, but had a glimpse 
of my cap being thrown up in the air, and going into the 
open window of the porch room. I had been punished 
the week before for losing my cap, which had, in fact, 
been pulled ofT my head by John, and thrown away 
where I could not find it, so that I felt very glad now that 
I knew where this one was. I heard John say, 'Old 
Sulks'— that was the nickname they gave me— 'does not 
miss it, he's so mighty busy, and Aunt Charlotte will lock 
up the room when this van goes away.' 

"In a short time the men and the van, and my two 
persecutors, who, I feared, would somehow get possession 
of my cap, were gone bacli to the other house for another 
load. I crept hastily up stairs, rejoicing that I met no 
one, and, entering the room, saw my cap lying under the 
window. I made a dash across to get it — a flat board, as 
I thought, covered with green baize, lying on the floor. 
Unfortunately it was not a board, but a large looking- 
glass, and on to the very centre went my hasty foot. I 
heard the sudden crack, though my tread was so swift 
that I did not feel the surface yield. The jarring sound 
told me at once what had happened. My dear, at this 
moment I seem to feel the shudder that passed over me as 
the conviction that I had broken such a valuable thing, 
came into my mind. I mechanically caught up my cap, 
made a flying jump back over the broken glass, and rush- 
ing out of the room, leaped rather than ran down stairs. 
I paused a moment to get my breath on the mat in the 
entry, and I heard the slow footstep of the boys' Aunt 
Charlotte as she descended from an upper story, and, stop- 
ping at the door of the porch-room, locked it. She called 
out over the banisters to the maid-servant, 'Martha, tell 
your master I locked the porch-room directly after the 
men went away.' 

"Even while she spoke, and before Martha came from 
the kitchen to answer her, I fled into the garden. 

'"Go and help the boy weed,' said Mrs. Parkwick to 
me, as she mot me at the furthest end. 'Why are you 
idling about here? John and Fred have gone back with 
the van.' 



^^ 



193 




Cr TJ "V E! I^ I L El in^STI^TJOTOI?/. 



■i^g^l 



"I knew the mea would rather John and Fred had not 
gone with them, but it was no part of my duty to accuse 
anyone, so I hastened to the place where the boy was 
weeding, and was glad to hide my face by bending down 
beside him, for terror had taken complete possession of 
me just then. I suppose even a beloved and favored child 
would feel very sad at having had such an accident, and 
to go and own it might not be easy to the happiest boy or 
girl. But I, knowing tliat I was not liked, that many 
troubles came to me for things I never did, was almost 
crazy as I thought about it. I never went into the house 
to get my tea, but worked on until it was nearly dark. I 
was afraid of being scolded if I stayed out any longer. As 
it was I found that John and Fred were going up stairs to 
bed, and one of the men called from the porch after them: 
'Young masters, you've been throwing wisps of straw, 
and other rubbish, into that window of the porch-room. 
Ned, my mate, has been up there with a basket of china, 
and flung out a pretty lot of your traps.' 

"Then a wicked thought came into my mind. My hav- 
ing my cap would not betray that I had been in the 
porch-room. No one had seen me go there. But young 
as I was I remembered that my dear mother had taught 
me that God is everywhere ; that his eye sees all that is 
done. My mother, I knew, had gone to heaven, because 
she loved her Saviour. His name was tlie last sound that 
her dying lips uttered, and I wanted to go to heaven too. 
I thought then — yes, and I think now— of the bliss of 
meeting my parents in the 'Better land.' 

"So that this evil thought in my mind was cast out by 
the recollectioa of my mother's teachings. Cast down, 
but not given over to temptation, I entered the house, and 
with a guilty feeling slunk rather than walked into the 
kitchen. In the confusion of the house, the kitchen was, 
for the time, a sort of resort for the whole family. The 
servant, Martha, gave me a push and said, roughly, 
'There's your supper waiting.' Mr. Parkwick was begin- 
ning to say something sharp, when a scream on the stairs 
from Mrs. Parkwick startled us all, and she rushed into 
the kitchen, followed by her sister, the boy's Aunt Char- 
lotte, who was vainly trying to appease her. 

'"That stupid, clumsy Ned Dobbs has broken the large 
pier-glass, with the carved oak frame. He has, and 
its' 

'"Well, but I thought Charlotte locked the door when 
the mid-day van was emptied.' 

'"So I did, but Ned was ordered by my sister to take 
the basket of china ornaments there for safety, and seeing 
some of the boys' things under the window, thrown there 
in play, he crossed the room and trod upon the glass. I 
wa-i coming in and heard the crash. The glass ought 
never to have been laid down. Tlie fault was in the men 
not setting it up by the wall.' 

'"Stupid fellows, said .Mr. Parkwick. 'One of them, at 
all events, shall not enter my house again.' 

'"We shall have everything smashed, sobbed his wife. 
'I would rather anything else had been broken.' 

"Poor Ned, looking very red and vexed, came, at a call. 
Into the kitchen to be scolded or dismissed for his awk- 
wardness. The sight of his distress somehow gave me 
courage to do right; with a beating heart I stepped a i)ace 
or two forward, and said, as I well remember, in rather 
foolish words: 

'"If you plea.se I broke the glass. I'm very sorry, very 
— please.' 

"'What!' cried Mrs. Parkwick. 

'"Hush — a moment,' said her husband, looking very 
intently, and with some surprise at me. 'Hush! let's hear 
all about it.' 

"With many trembling pauses and awkward words I 



told my version of how the glass was broken. We all went 
up to the porch-room ; the green baize was removed, and 
there, sure enough, was one long crack, from the lower to 
the opposite corner, and below that was a big hole crashed 
in by a heavier foot than mine. 

'"You mischeivous, tiresome boy, you shall remember 
breaking my best pier-glass,' said Mrs. Parkwick in a 
rage. 

'"Hush, sister; the boy need not have told,' said Miss 
Charlotte, laying her hand kindly on my head. At that 
gentle touch I broke down quite, and was almost choked 
with sobs. 

'"Charlotte is right.' said Mr. Parkwick. 'It is a vexa- 
tion and a loss ; but what with the way the glass was left, 
and the tricks of our own boys, I do not see the lad was to 
blame ; and the way he has owned it is so honest that it 
quite alters my opinion of him. I wish Jolin and Fred 
were like him, that's all.' 

"At this Mrs. Parkwick went into screams that are 
called hysterics, and was helped up to her room. 

"I went to bed that niglit with a lightened heart, for I 
had at last won tlie good opinion of one, if not two, in 
that house, where I had felt that I was disliked and mis- 
judged. That incident led to a change in my life. Miss 
Charlotte was engaged to be married to Mr. Williamson, 
a draper in a large seaport town a few miles oft". She told 
about the broken pier-glass, and my share in it, to .her 
intended husband, and when the wedding took place Mr. 
Williamson took me into his establishment as a cashier. 

'"I employ you because when it was very hard to do it, 
you fpolce the truth,' he said to me when I entered his 
service. I lived there many happy years before I became 
a master, and, looking back, I am daily thankful that my 
dear mother's words kept me from falling into tempta- 
tion." 

'■What became, uncle,%f John and Fred?" 

"Poor Fred died young, to his mother's great grief. But 
John grew up so unruly and extravagant that he ruined 
himself He lost his good name, and was sent out of the 
country. Mr. Parkwick often used to say. 'Oh! that I 
had followed him to the grave.' One daughter remained 
to be the stay of their age. She was loving and dutiful." 

I hope I profited by Uncle Miller's story ; certainly I 
did not forget it. — ^elected. 



The Dvino Commander.— It is the mark of a noble 
nature to be mindful of the comfort and convenience of 
others, even in the smallest concerns of life. "Even a 
child is known by his doings." You can judge much of a 
boy's future character by the way he deports himself 
among his fellows on the play-ground. One who is always 
choosing the best places for himself, jostling aside the 
poor and the weak, sharing his good things with nobody, 
tcazing and jvexing those he can safely affront, has no 
nobility of soul, no generosity of character. A sordid, 
selfish manhood is the best you can expect of him. 
I am confident that Sir Ralph Abercrombie w.as not such 
a school boy. When he was mortally wounded on the 
battle-field, as his men were bearing him on a litter to his 
ship, a soldier's blanket was folded up, and placed under 
his head, which mucli relieved his pain. He asked what 
it was they had placed there. 

"Only a. soldier's blanket," they answered. 

" Whose blanket is it?" he inciuired, half raising him- 
self. 

"Only one of the men's." 

"[ wish to know the name of the man whose blanket 
this is?" insisted the dying commander. 

"It is Duncan Roy's, of the Forty-second, Sir Ralph." 

"Then see tliat Duncan Roy gets his blanket this very 
night," said the noble leader. 

The comfort of one of his humblest soldiers was not too 
trifiiiig to be tliouglit of even in the agonies of death. 

(,'hildrcn should remember this beautiful example of Sir 
Ralph's, wlien they are tempted to be careless of the 
happiness of others, even in little things. — Selected. 





■^ 



a"Cr "V' E InT I L E ii^sti^tjctoi^. 



194r 



exjIss:^ i^ehstt ic^iste. 



Provh "Famous Boys and How Thet Became Great Men.' 
Published by James Miller, New York. 



HE touched bottom Vti a depth of more than two hun- 
dred feet from the platform he had left, and, detach- 
ing himself from the cord, clambered slowly downward 
until he reached the smoking lake below and dipped his 
specimen-bottles under its surface. 

"The next thing now was to get back again with the 
trophies of his achievement. 

"This he used to speak of as the only dangerous part of 
the enterprise. The scalding ashes gave way under him 
at every step of his return; a change in the air-current 
stifled him with sulphurous vapors; he fell repeatedly, 
and, before he got back to the spot where his rope was 
dangling, his boots were so charred that one of them went 
to pieces on his foot. He, however, succeeded in tying 
the bamboo round his waist, and was hauled up almost 
insensible, and sank exhausted in the hands of his assist- 
ants. The Baron dashed him with water, and applied 
restoratives brought by a messenger whom he had des- 
patched to the neighboring hermitage. The remedies were 
so far successful that he could be carried to the halting- 
place of the night before. He had saved his bottles of 
sulphur-water, which he sent home to be analysed, and 
with them some tine specimens of porphyritic tufa." 

When the negotiations of the Embassy were concluded. 
Dr. Kane procured a substitute for his official position, 
being unwilling to return home, as he desired to remain 
in China to practice his profession there for a while, in 
order to raise sufficient funds by which he would be ena- 
bled to extend hie travels. His practice both as physician 
and surgeon proved very successful until he was taken 
suddenly ill with the rice-fever. A friend residing in 
Canton took him home, and nursed him with great kind- 
ness. 

As soon as he was sufficiently recovered, he made 
arrangements to return by the overland route to Europe. 
He did not reach home, however, until the winter of 1845. 
The intermediate time he spent in rapid travelling 
through India, Egypt, Greece, Germany and Switzer- 
land. 

Soon after his return he was ordered (as surgeon of the 
United States navy) to the coast of Africa, and while 
engaged in exploring that dangerous coast, he was pros- 
trated by the fever peculiar in that clime, and was sent 
home an invalid in 1847. 

Our war with Mexico was then in progress, and so im- 
patient was Dr. Kane to be in active service again, that he 
apnlied for a position in the army, before his friends 
thought him to be convalescent. His application was 
received, and he started for Mexico on the 6th of Novem- 
ber, 1847, bearing important dispatches to General Scott. 
He remained there until the war was over. 

It was while engaged in this service on the coast-survey 
that he was summoned to join the Arctic Expedition then 
preparing to set out in search of Sir John Franklin. 

Dr. Kane himself says: "On the 1:2th of May, 1850, while 
bathing in the tepid waters of the Gulf of Mexico, I re- 
ceived one of those courteous little epistles from Washing- 
ton, which the electric telegraph has made so familiar to 
naval officers. 

"It detached me from the coast-survey, and ordered me 
to 'proceed forthwith to New York for duty upon the 
Arctic Expedition.' 

"Seven and a lialf d.ays later I had accomplished my 
overland journey of thirteen hundred miles, and in forty 
hours more our squadron was beyond the limits of the 
United States: the Department had calculated my travel- 
ing time to a nicety." 

Five years previous to the very month, and almost to 
the day, did Sir John Franklin set sail on his fourth and 
last voyage in hopes of discovering a Northwest Passage 
to the Pacific Ocean. Several vessels had been despatched 
by the British government in search of the adventurers, 
but had returned without success. Then Lady Franklin 
appealed to our country for assistance in behalf of her 
husband. 

An appeal most touching and eloquent in its language 
and its subject was not to be resisted ; and Henry Grin- 



nell, Esq., of New York, made offer of two vessels com- 
pletely furnished for an expedition in search of the lost 
mariners. These vessels, "Advance" and "Rescue," were 
accepted and manned by the navy ; the command given 
to Lieutenant De Haven, and Dr. Kane was appointed 
senior medical officer aboard the Advance. 

They started on their mission of love and duty the 22d 
of May, 1850, encountering all kinds of privations, hard- 
ships, and danger, and returned home after spending six- 
teen months in unsuccessful search. 

On the 30th of May, 1853, the Advance again set out for 
the Arctic seas, having been placed this time at the dis- 
posal of Dr. Kane. Twenty months did the adventurers 
pass in those frozen seas, still unsuccessful as before, meet- 
ing no trace of the lost Sir John Franklin and his crew, 
whose melancholy fate has since been placed beyond 
doubt by the researches of Captain McClintock. It ia 
impossible, in this short sketch, to give an account of the 
perils our adventurers encountered, or the sutTerings they 
endured, amid raging storms, and drifting ice, crushing 
bergs, and dashing floes, hidden rocks and benumbing 
cold. They were at last compelled to return, with the 
object of their search" undiscovered, but their voyage must 
not be considered fruitless in view of the many important 
facts contributed to our knowledge of the Arctic Seas. Dr. 
Kane's account of the two Expeditions with which he 
was indentitied are two as delightful and spirited volumes 
as any in the language. They have the fascination of a 
romance ; their pages are crowded with adventures and 
incidents of the most thrilling and entrancing kind ; they 
describe scenes fascinating in their strangeness and sub- 
limity ; they open to us a history utterly apart from com- 
mon experience, and awaken impulses of fear, interest, 
sympatiiy and admiration. Courage, fortitude, patience, 
suffering, endurance — these qualities elevate the Arctic 
adventurers into heroes, and will associate their names 
with the bravest and greatest in the world. 

Dr. Kane bore the seeds of disease in his constitution ; 
the rigor of the Arctic winters developed them. Soon 
after his return it became painfully apparent that his 
health was seriously impaired. He went to England with 
the hope of finding benefit in change, but grew rapidly 
worse. He proceeded thence to Cuba, but found no aid 
from the climate, and died at Havana on the 16th of Feb- 
ruary, 1857, mourned by every American as if he were a 
brother. No man was ever followed to the grave by the 
more sincere grief of a nation. Dr. Kane was absolutely 
loved by his countrymen ; their affections, sympathies, 
and admiration, crown him with honor and renown. 

We do not hold up Dr. Kane as a model because he pos- 
sessed a spirit of adventure. That fondness for danger 
which he exhibited as a boy in climbing to the top of the 
lofty chimney, and afterward in descending into the 
mouth of the volcano, are things to admire, but not 
necessarily things to imitate. The qualities exhibited by 
Dr. Kane, which every boy might study and try to imi- 
tate, are honesty, simplicity, and truthfulness of charac- 
ter ; resolute working out of his own purposes; generous 
renounciatiou of self, exhibiting a temper more occupied 
with the destinies, fates, and fortunes of others than with 
his own selfish advancement. He was determined to make 
his mark in the world, but he was also determined to con- 
tribute something to the store of human knowledge. To 
this end he was ready to brave any danger or hardship ; 
and when we recollect all the sutTerings he experienced In 
the Arctic seas, prompted to his mission by the hope of 
rescuing from a terrible death the noble Franklin and his 
followers, and, if possible, to solve that great geographical 
question of the age, the North- West passage, we cannot 
refrain from admitting at once that he possessed the attri- 
butes of a hero. But all men cannot be heroes in the same 
direction. Let the lad who reads this page wisely select 
what his course of life shall be, and work as honestly, 
magnanimously, fearlessly to accomplish his ends as 
Elisha Kane did, and he too cannot fail to make his mark 
in the world. 



I WOULD not give much for your religion unless it can 
be seen. Lamps do not talk, but they shine. A light- 
house sounds no drum, it beats no gong, and yet far over 
the waters its friendly spark is seen by the mariner. 




■J^ 



J TJ "7" E liT I Xj E IITSTI^TJOTOK/. 




CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY', DECEMBER 10, 1870. 




•^2 



'OUND oducation is viiluable iu helping a 
nation to become truly great. More atten- 
tion is [laid to this subject by governments 
and rulers at the present day than there 
was in former generations. It is found 
that educated men make better soldiers 
and better citizens in every way than those 
who are ignorant. Prussia entered into a 
war with Austria in 1866, had but a very 
lort campaign and was successful in whipping 
latter nation. This success was thought to 
be principally due to the superior education of 
the Prussian soldier over the Austrian. Aus- 
tria is a Roman Catholic countrj*, and that 
church has always opposed the education of the 
[^^^"^f^ masses. Prus.sia is a Protestant country, and she 
%J^ /^ maintains a wise and liberal educatiomil system. 
In that country, the law compels parents to send 
their children to school, between the ages of seven and four- 
teen ; the law also punishes with severity the employment of 
any person under sixteen years of age who has not a certificate 
that he ha.s acquired the rudiments of an educatiou. The con- 
sequence is that the Prussians are the best educated people in 
the world, and the success which has attended them in the 
present war with France, i.s said to be due to the intelligence 
of the soldiers. 

In France, education is not so general ; the nation is Roman 
Catholic, and it i.s contrary to its jiolicy, a.s we have said, to 
educate the masses of the peojile. I'erhaps one quarter of the 
young men of IVance cannot read or write. Parents are not 
compelled to send their children to school. 

In Denmark the children from seven to fourteen years of 
age are obliged to attend some approved school ; in consc- 
i|uencc of this, cduwition is very general and the common 
.si'hools are excellent. 

Switzerland maintains excellent schools ; flic smallest village' 
ha.s it.s school-house, the greater number of which are pretty, 
.spacious, well-ventilated and plea.'^antly situated. 

In Bavaria, Germany, education is so general that only 
five persons out of everj' hundred are found who cannot read 
and write. This is in striking contra.st with Great Britain ; as 
fur instance, in the city of London alone, in l.siiij, there were 
one hundred and fifty thou.sand children without instruction ; 
and in England and Wales in 1850, according to the state- 
ments of the Queen of England's inspectors, there were eight 
milliiin adult person.s unable to read and write ; and of children 
Ifctwccn the ages of five and fourteen years less than one half 
were receiving a .school training. 

On the Sandwich Islands, education is vcrj' general, almost 
every person Ix^ing able to read and write ; in fact, they can 
nut marrj- unless they are capable of reading and writing. 

We hojie to -see education Ijccome very general in our Terri- 
tory. For the opportunities that we have had we think our 
young people have done remarkably well ; but under our sys- 
tem education will be sought alter ; it is necessary to fit the 



rising generation for the duties and responsibilities which will 
rest upon them. We have to cope with the world, and there 
is no people on the earth who have greater need of good 
education, than the Latter-day Saints. 



GiKLS AND Good HousEKEEPiNa.— Mothers frequently 
make a great mistake in the management of their chil- 
dren. AVhatever position iu life girls may hereafter 
occupy, they need a thorough practical knowledge of 
household duties. Circumstances may eventually lift 
them above the necessity of performing much domestic 
work ; but ou this account they need uo less knowledge, 
if it is not desired that they shall be expensive burdens to 
their husbands. 

Girls are not ajtt to allow to housework its due import- 
ance; but such as have experienced the thousand and one 
after torments that spring from ignorance of it, can esti- 
mate it at its true value. If they should show an inclina- 
tion to penetrate the mysteries of the kitchen, indulge 
them by all means. Never mind if the assistance they 
render is slight, and the trouble they cause more than a 
counterbalance; lot them cook, wash, iron, etc., etc. They 
will soon learn, if it is contrived that the teaching shall 
be pleasant. We have in our mind's eye a little chit of a 
child, nine years old, who made a loaf of bread— and made 
it well, too — every week during the winter. Her mother 
was kind and patient, and she quickly divined the proper 
quantities of yeast, salt, and flour. If she feels disposed to 
try her hand at the higher grades of the culinary ar^t— 
pastry-making, for instance— no objection is made. In- 
deed, she is quite a little housekeeper, carrying a big 
bunch of keys at her girdle, and often getting out what is 
necessaiy for the table. 

Where there are several daughters, the care of the 
housekeeping should be given to each in turn. This seems 
to us an excellent arrangement, and will certainly prove 
the most valuable part of their education. Girls with what 
are called high notions, will do well to reflect that the 
drudgery of the kitchen is by no means incompatible witli 
the highest degree of reflnement and menial culture. 
Some of the most socially elegant women we have ever 
known, have been adepts iu the art of bread-and-pic- 
making; nay, it is not long since that we saw a talented 
and highly-educated lady don a pair of gloves, go down 
ou her knees, and black-lead a stove, just to show the help 
how it was done. Remember, girls, that fto?nc constitutes 
the very essence of a man's idea of hapi)iuess, and if you 
do not lit yourselves to make tlie homes of your future 
husbands briglit, cheerful, orderly, and a refuge from all 
tlie world beside, how can you hope to be happy your- 
selves, or to make tliem happy? 

Economy in cooking has a great deal to do with mak- 
ing life ca.sy. There is a lasting charm in a good house- 
kcejicr; tlicrc is a ])r()found lesson iu her attention to the 
little things of the kitchen. There is nothing so l)eautiful 
as a useful life. For our part, we think no girl should 
kneel at the altar, who has not first stood at the wash- 
tub. 



M.\NV persons who appear to repent are like .sailow, 
who throw their goods overboard iu a storm, and wish for 
them iu a calm. 



Thk most accurate investigations and the latest discov- 
eries show the mean distance of the sun from the cartli to 
be about ninety-one million miles, and about three million 
miles further from us in summer than in winter. It is 
about four milliou miles nearer thau was ^formerly sup- 
posed. 



i^^^^" 



I 



S/9 



Cr TJ "V E IsT I H. E II^STI^TJOTOI^. 



196 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






^IST^XjITSIS. 



BY chemical mineralogj', to which the student's atten- 
tion has been directed in recent articles, is meant the 
application of chemistry to the examination of mineral 
substances. The most common mineral bodies may be 
examined without any difliculty, andthe most important 
metalic ores of our country be assayed, if necessary, liy 
attention to a few very simple directions. These direc- 
tions will be given, and some of the more prominent ores 
that are now engaging public attention will bo described 
the first in order, with the simplest methods of analysis. 

But before we proceed to show the modes of analysis, 
we will describe a few simple instruments that are really 
necessary for use. A balance, or pair of small scales, in 
order to ascertain the weight of the oer to be examined; 
a pestle and mortar, small wedgewood mortars are sold 
for this purpose by Z. C. M. I. Drug Store; a flask for 
digesting the ore after "levigation," a process that will be 
described as we proceed; test tubes, these are small glass 
tubes, sold for use as above; some small pieces of common 
window glass, to use according to directions in future 
articles, for examining any minute quantities of a solu- 
tion, as, for instance, a droj) of any fluid to decide all the 
ojierator wishes to know before proceeding to further 
trial. 

We shall have to begin our assaying in such a manner 
that a crucible or blow-pipe may be dispensed with, al- 
though both these methods will be described in order. 
Tliat is to say, the "moist" method, as it is called, will 
first be described; that means that the ore will be treated 
by suitable solvents and precipitants. 

As it will be a very attractive and 'not very difHcult 
assay to make, of one of our beautiful and abundant 
Tintic ores of copper, let us beL.in with that. As to the 
earthy constituents, it is supposed that we want the cop- 
per, and that the other metals contained have to be esti- 
mated. The ore is that variety knows as sulphuret of 
copper, and called by mineralogists '"covelline." It is not 
in crystals, as this kind of mineral generally is, but is "a 
morphous," that is, without a definite sliape. It is mas- 
sive sectile, that is, easily cut into thin flexible leaves with 
a knife. Before the blowpipe (this information is given 
for the benefit of those who already understand the use 
of that instrument) a fragment burns with a blue flame, 
and melts with ebullition, that is, by boiling up in little 
bubbles into a band of copper. This .ore is soluble in 
nitric acid. 

Now, in practice, it is a good plan to "roast" all sul- 
phurets before proceeding further; by roasting is meant to 
keep the ore at a moderate distance from a fire, so as to 
drive off the volatile matter, such as water, carbonic acid, 
sulphur, arsenic, &c.; roasting in a large way is done by 
placing alternate layers of ore and wood in a chimney 
erected for the purpose, and then setting the fuel on fire 
at the bottom of the pile. In a small way a "muffle," (a 
small covered pot made of clay, arched over the top like 
an oven), or a crucible (a vessel made of fire-clay, or, 
plumbago, such as is used for melting metals in) may be 
used. In the absence of either of these means we may 
roast the ore at a low red heat before the fire in a ladle or 
on a piece of suitable iron. 



First, weigh the ore, roast it, then weigh it again; note 
the diflference of weight carefully. All chemical opera- 
tions should be exactly recorded. The difference in 
weight may be set down as "sulphur." Break up the ore 
in your mortar, pulverising it, that is, reduce it to powder; 
then put it in your flask and digest in nitric acid, which 
will dissolve the copper and iron it contains. To "digest" 
means to let a substance stand in a solvent for a time, 
with a view to obtain a complete solution of a substance. 
When this is obtained it has to be "filtered," that is, 
strained through a suitable strainer, to separate the un- 
dissolved parts. Now, filter the solution through unsized 
paper, procurable at the pharmaceutical stores. On the 
filter there will remain the silex (silica), and any sulphur 
which the roasting did not drive off. Dry this residuum, 
and weigh it, carefully noting the quantity, then place it 
in an iron spoon, in which burn away the suljihur, if any, 
in the fire. Then weigh the remaining powder, and find 
out the difference in weight, which add to the sulphur 
before noted down. In this way the weight of sulphur 
and silcx is known. 

The next step is to precipitate the copper from the solu- 
tion. An easy method of doing this is to put into the 
solution a clean slip of iron. But, first of all, weigh the 
slip of iron, and afterwards weigh it again; this will show 
you, by the difference, how much the copper of the assay 
weighs, 

The next thing is to collect the iron. This is done by 
caustic ammonia being added to the solution that remains 
after filtration; the filtrate (the copper precipated) being 
reduced to a metalic button, if required, by the blow-pipe. 
No sooner is the caustic ammonia added ,than the iron 
contained is thrown down (precipitated) as oxide. Then 
filter and collect the iron, which may be estimated, if 
really necessary, by a table of chemical equivalents, 
which will be found in advanced works on chemistry. 

In this manner the quantities of sulphur, silex, copper 
and iron may be found; and, so that the assay may be 
perfect, it will be well to put a little of the remaining so- 
lution in a test tube, so as to observe the color; if it is 
blue, it still contains copper; some more nitric acid must 
then be added, and the plate of iron again used, chemical 
action being promoted by a gentle heat. Should any 
more copper be obtained, it should be added to that of the 
assay already noted. As a help to the student, the result 
of an assay of this kind of ore is given of 100 grains: 64 
copper, 32 sulphur, iron not quite one grain, silex (sand) 
3 grains, not being exact to fractions of a grain. The 
symbol of this kind of mineral, when pure, may be given 
as Cu. S., that is, copper (cuprum), plus sulphur, to 
which, frequently other metals may be added., 

Beth. 



Look after the establishment of a worthy character, and 
leave it to others to read and estimate it. 



The highest genius never flowers in satire, but culmin- 
ates in sympathy with that which is best in human nature. 



Believe in traveling on, step by step ; don't expect to 
be rich in a jump. Slow and sure is better than fast and 
flimsy. Perseverance, by its daily gains, enriches a man 
far more than fits and starts of fortunate speculation. 

IF any one offend you, before answering, try to call to 
mind this golden sentence: "A soft answer turneth away 
wrath: but greivious words stir up anger;" and if you 
attend to it, you will save yourself hours of regret and 
repentance. 



kA&2 



197 



CTTJ^ElvriXjE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?., 



^i^^^Hlh 



j"OSEi=s: siivCiTH:, thee 

IP I?. O 1= H E T . 




REAT satisfaction followed the meeting 
wliich we described in our last number. 
Tlie people were relieved, and thougli 
still full of sadness because of Joseph 
and Hyrum's death, they were thank- 
ful that they were not without a leader, 
the man whom God had chosen having 
been plainly pointed out to them. There 
were a few persons who were disappoint- 
ed at the turn affairs had taken. Rigdon, 
Marks and a few others, apostates iQ. their 
feelings, did not wish the Twelve Apostles to 
preside. They had other plans concerning 
the leading of the Church, and they had had 
secret councils and made secret arrangements 
upon the subject. But the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints is not a Church for 
man to buy or sell and make merchandize of. It 
is a Church, as its name implies, concerning the 
government and control of which the Lord has something 
to say. Whenever men have attempted to usurp author- 
ity over His Church and people they have been over- 
thrown,. He has established and organized His Church 
upon the earth, and He will preserve and uphold it and 
dictate who shall be its President and officers, and the 
man or men whom He has not chosen or sent, who think 
they can do as they please with the flock will be speedily 
overthrown. 

Rigdon outwardly appeared, for a short time, to submit 
to the presidency of the Twelve Apostles ; but he only did 
so until he could get his plans matured. Secretly he col- 
lected those who sympathized with him together, and 
every other one whom he could tempt and deceive by his 
cunning words and false statements, and held meetings, 
in which he promised them wonderful things, and even 
went so far as to ordain some of them to be prophets, 
priests and kings. Of course such movements could not 
long remain concealed ; his hypocrisy soon became public; 
the whole Church soon learned, what the Twelve Apostles 
had long been aware of, that he was an apostate and an 
enen)y to the truth. Like other apostates who have 
aimed at power before and since, he gathered around him 
those who were opposed to the priesthood and to the prin- 
ciples of righteousness, people who while Joseph lived 
were his enemies, and now that he was gone, were the 
enemies of President B. Young and the Twelve Apostles. 
He came out openly and opposed the Church, denounced 
its leaders and endeavored to seduce the people to commit 
the same folly and to practice the same wickedness of 
which he was guilty. To keep up a form of organization 
he proceeded to choose twelve men and call them apos- 
tles, and he soon left Xauvoo and retired to Pittsburg, 
Pennsylvania, which he made his headquarters. He sent 
out his missionaries to various places where there were 
branches of the Church, and endeavored to persuade the 
elders and members that he w;us the legal and heaven- 
aiipointed leader of the Church and tliat the Twelve 
Apo.-itles had assumed an authority which did not belong 
to them. For awhile they made some little stir ; what his 



preachers lacked in authority and in spirit they made up 
in noise, being vigorous in setting forth their own claims 
and in detracting from President Young, his brethren the 
Apostles and the Elders and Saints who were associated 
with them. Their exertions, however, had one excellent 
efTect — they gathered out from the Church many hypo- 
crites and evil doers, and left it more pure and healthy by 
their labors. This was the result which attended their 
operations so far as the Church was concerned ; and to- 
day, when we look back at their proceedings, we can not 
see the least harm that they did the truth, the servants of 
God or the Church ; but when we reflect upon the injury 
they did themselves, the consequences appear terrible. 
They cut themselves oflf" from God, from the Holy Ghost 
and its gifts, from the Holy Priesthood and its blessings 
and from the exaltation which they would have received 
bad they been faithful. They hoped to lead away the 
Church; but iu this they were disappointed, and they 
even failed to secure the praise of the world, for which 
they were very anxious. None of their plans succeeded, 
and all their hopes failed, and they soon died away and 
sunk into oblivion and contempt. Thus it always is with 
apostates. 



jyCISSIOISTJ^K."^ SICETOHIES. 



BUT little remains to be said of our journey home after 
parting with Captain Abram Hatch and companions. 
We had reached the Big Bend on the Sandy, when wo 
found that we had passed the Sublet cut-off aivd were 
where the Kinney cut-off led north. It was decided iu 
council to travel on that route. We soon struck Green 
river, and as if Providence had arranged affairs for us, we 
found a fine new ferry boat tied at the river side, upon 
which we crossed. We continued to travel by this route 
from this point to Bear river, which we crossed in our 
wagon boxes, there being no boat, and swam our horses. 
Bear river not being very wide, we had no difficulty in 
crossing by this means. We came into Echo caiion 
twelve miles west of Y'ellow creek. From mountaineers 
whom some of the Elders raet, and who were going east 
with supplies to meet the army, we learned that Johnson 
and the army were encamped that night on Yellow creek. 
They also informed the brethren that a company of two 
hundred and fifty sappers and miners were ahead of us 
repairing the road and removing obstructions before the 
advance of the army. 

We overtook this company tJie next morning. Had 
they suspected that we had not been seen by the main 
army, they would very likely have stopped us. But they 
had no idea that we had come by any other route, and 
therefore after asking us how far back the command was, 
the order was given, "Clear the road, boys, and let them 
pass." From this point we travelled on until we reached 
Salt Lake city without meeting any incident worthy of 
note. 

Other journeys have been made which were much 
richer in adventure than this ; but I question if any has 
been made in which the hand of the Lord was more 
plainly manifest. Everything was arranged for our safe- 
ty, and we escaped every snare and from the hands and 
power of the wicked. We had great cause to praise the 
Lord for His goodness and mercy to us. Children, permit 
me to say, in closing this sketch, that if you ,make Him 
your friend He will never desert you ; but He will deliver 
and preserve you, and at the last day will exalt you to 
dwell with Him eternally. 



!^ 



^i^Sii 



0" TJ 'V' E ILT I L E I IN" S T I?. TJ O T O I^, 



198 



THE a-IIPT 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
OIF HIEJ^XjIITG-. 



*^J 



T^HE power of healing the sick by the anointing with 
•'- oil, and laying on of the hands of the elders is one of 
the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and one which 
the people of the world generally can not believe in. 
With them, as soon as anything is the matter, the first 
thing done is to send for a doctor. It is too much so 
ansong the people of these valleys ; but still there are many 
who, when sick, seek for and obtain the healing power of 
God through faith in His promises and in the ordinances 
of the gospel. 

While scattered abroad among the various nations of 
the earth, seldom seeing or meeting each other, except in 
meeting, these healing manifestations of the power of 
God among the Saints, when related, as they often are in 
their testimony meetings, excite astonishment, and in- 
crease the faitli of the hearer ; and many, very many, 
remarkable instances of healing, or miracles as some 
would term them, are on record and can be vouched for 
by those who participated in or were witnesses of them. 
The writer of this sketch has heard of many instances of 
miraculous healing, as remarliable as any on record, 
either in the Bible or any other book, including the ac tual 
raising of the dead to life, the healing of the blind, and 
one case he knew of a woman who was a helpless cripple, 
and had been unable to stand or walk for years ; yet she 
was restored by the laying on of hands, the anointing 
with oil, and the prayer of faith to perfect soundness of 
limb, and was made able to walk as well and as nimbly 
as any of the readers of the Juvenile Instructor. 

On this occasion, however, he proposes to relate a small 
incident in which the healing power of God was mani- 
fested in his own behalf, on his own person. He had not 
been long in the Church at the time, and though he had 
the most sincere belief in the principles of the gospel, so 
far as theory went, the various gifts, such as healing, &c, 
seemed something very mysterious and incomprehensible 
to him. But a circumstance transpired, probably per- 
mitted in tlie providence of God, which removed every 
vestige of doubt or misgiving as to the reality of the mani- 
festation of the power of Omnipotence, when sought in 
the manner prescribed. 

Many of the readers of the Juvenile have most likely 
heard of cases of sudden death caused by an excessive flow 
of blood to the brain. Well, the writer of this sketch had 
a very severe attack once, brought on through his own 
inadvertence or ignorance, or botli perhaps. One exces- 
sively hot summer day, the thermometer being over a 
hundred, he went to have a cold bath, and instead of 
jumping into the water head ttrst, — always the safest 
course, he foolishly put in his feet first, and sat down 
slowly until the water, stinging cold, was up to his neck. 
The result was a terrific pain in the head, the sensation 
being as though some very heavy weight had fallen on 
the top of it, the pressure seeming so great as to force his 
eyelids together. 

He got out of the water as quickly as possible, but so 
intense was the paiu that he could scarcely walk home. 
Upon reaching there, neither his fatlier, mother, nor any 
belonging to him being Saints, the first thing was to get 
medicine, and for several days, one thing after another 
was procured and applied in hopes of obtaining relief, but 
with little or no effect. 

He several times thouglit, that perhaps it miglit do 
good to have the elders anoint his head, lay on hands and 
pray ; but a half fear, not unmingled with awe and doubt 
deterred him from seeking tlieir ministrations. Finally 



suffering overcame ever^ other feeling, and with a kind 
of desperation, as though this was a last resource, and one 
which might, or might not prove beneficial, he went one 
evening, to what was called a district priesthood meeting, 
made known his case and asked the elders present to 
administer to him. They expressed their willingness to 
do so, and after having disposed of tlie business before 
them, three of them, all now in Utah, attended to his 
case. One anointed his head with oil, and asked God to 
bless the anointing ; then all three placed their hands on 
his head, and one offered up a prayer that the power of 
God might rest upon him, and the pain be removed. The 
prayer of faith was answered, and he went home free from 
pain, and fully satisfied that the power of God did attend 
the ministrations of His servants. Since then he has seen 
several instances of a like nature, and doubt has given 
way to knowledge. W. 



THIE IPILOT 



AMONG the many associations of men, which by their 
hardships and dangers make it a wonder almost in the 
eyes of the stranger, who lives a more quiet sort of life, 
that of the jjilot is one of the worst; and our little bee on his 
homeway flight, being compelled during a severe hur- 
ricane at sea to take refuge upon a vessel just ap- 
proaching the mouth of a wide river, was safely guided 
through the raging waves and dangerous sandbanks by an 
old and experienced pilot; and him our little narrater has 
taken as the representative of his whole class. 

After the old man had been waiting with several of his 
companions in a small boat with two sails far out from 
shore for any vessel that might need his guidance to the 
river's mouth, the signs of an approaching storm began to 
increase, and when at the same time he saw a large vessel 
struggling with the wind and waves and in danger of 
going in a wrong direction, where she might have struck 
the ground and been broken to pieces by the angry waves, 
he with his brave comrades struck out for the sliip, not 
minding the howling wind and the rolling waves, and 
reached the big ship j ust in time to have her course altered 
for her safety. He had boarded the ship, leaving his com- 
panions in their little craft to take care of themselves and 
make their way home the best way they might amidst 
that dreadful hurricane to which the wind had increased 
now; but of which he entertained no fears, for his friends 
had seen such a storm many a time before and got safely 
through as big waves as any of them to-night. There 
now stood the old man alone upon a kind of bridge amid- 
ship, and gave his orders to the sailors in a gruft', but loud 
voice, instead of the captain, who had surrendered all his 
authority over the ship for the time being to our old pilot. 
More than eight hundred human beings were on board 
tliat ship, whose lives depended now, next to God, upou 
the skill and experience of the old man. When a wave 
comes along high as a mountain, shaking its crest like an 
angry lion ready to spring upon his prey and thunders 
against the sides of the ship so that she trembles in all 
her spars and timber, he heeds it not, and while the face 
of the inexperienced shows signs of terror before the long 
line of white foamy breakers right and left of the ship 
only a short distance off, his calm eye traces out the course 
for his ship througli the surging sea. Finally the sliip 
gets into the river and rides triumphantly in safety upon 
the rocking waves of calmer waters like a child's cradle, 
and the old man steps down from his elevated position to 
take, for the first time since he came aboard, some refresh- 
ments, admitting now, that "it was a rough niglit and 
that they had had hard work to keep clear of the break- 



199 



CTTJ^EILTILE Il>rSTI?.TJOTOie/ 



^ 



^^ 



?^> 



ers," but he tells this with as unconcerned a face, as if he 
had merely taken out a team from a mudhole or up a steep 
hill. 

Kow let us look at the face of our pilot. His features 
are hard and weatlierbeaten, and you cannot trace many 
lines of tender feelings there, but the steadiness and lustre 
of his eye reminds one of the old hunters of the Far 
West, for on the correctness of his eye to measure distances 
depends to a very great extent the safety of the ship, which 
has been entrusted to his guidance. He laid down to 
sleep after the fatigue of his work, and let us watch the 
dreams of the old seaman, whose growling voice, rough 
visage and apparently uncouth manners are not calculated 
to predispose a stranger in Ids favor aside from his calling, 
which, of necessity, demands the utmost confidence on 
the part of the passengers in him for the sake of their 
own feeling of comfort and peace of mind during a storm. 
Our little bee, having not a real, but only an imaginary 
existence, has through the nature of its very being, there- 
fore, the privilege to follow the thoughts, imaginations 
and dreams of men, which power has been denied us other 
mortals; well, thus our little bee saw the old man's dreams, 
heard the musings of h<s mind and followed the train of 
his thoughts. Before him arose his little cottage some 
miles up the river, he saw his two daughters helping their 
mother to get breakfast ready and put the house in 
order, while they were talking of father, and where he 
might have been during that stormy night, and now the 
old man's lips are moving in spasmodic jerks and actually 
his eyes are getting moist and a tear is stealing down his 
cheeks. Presently his dreams change, and he sees a bark 
striking out into the river, upon which a young man is en- 
gaged, they hoist the sail, but the wind coming sideways 
almost threatens to upset the little craft, when the old 
man hastily exclaims in his dreams, "Steady, John, 
steady! All right now I" And a smile of satisfaction 
glides over the face of the sleeper, for it is his son he is 
dreaming about. Another picture soon arises before him, 
and he finds himself far away in a little village in the 
country where he as a youth is just starting out into the 
world to carve for himself an existence, a name and a 
standing in society, his dear mother gives him her parting 
blessing and hands him a Testament, which he puts in his 
pocket, and at this moment the sleeper's hands move in- 
stinctively across his breast, and, really, there is the iden- 
tical book sticking in his breast-pocket with his mother's 
name and a verse of Scripture selected and writ(en by her 
expressly for him, in it. He awakes, his hand still on the 
book, and now he turns his eyes to heaven and kneeling 
down pours out his heart in silent prayer to his Maker, 
tlianking him for the knowledge of His goodness, which 
has been the pilot of his life and which he trusts will 
bring him safely into the harbor where his course shall be 
at an end. 

The rough outside of a pilot, you see, is very often only 
like tlie rough outside of a vessel at sea in a stonn, when 
nothing betrays to you the feelings, prayers, emotions, hopes 
and fears of those that are aboard of her; or, like the rocky 
shores of the land stretching along the horizon, when tliey 
do not look as if Ijeliind them were i)eaceful cottages, vil- 
lages, lawns and meadows, and that only the thundering 
of the surf prevented us from hearing the ringing of the 
churclibell beyond tlie hill, or the singing and shouting of 
the children coming from school or playing on the sands. 
Judge not by appearances, but let us learn that there is 
a pilot, who will guide us through all the breakers, storniH 
and temptations of life safely into tlie haven of immortal- 
ity and eternal lives, let us take him aboard and ol)ey liis 
orders, and we will never fail,— it is tlie Spirit of God. 

K. O. M. 



S^I^cl^J f odn^ 



J^ BIT OIF .A. SEI^UVCOIsr. 



Whatsoe'er you find to do. 

Do it, boys, with all your might ; 
Never be a I it(e true. 
Or a httle in the right. 

Trifles even 

Lead to heaven 
Trifles make the life of man ; 

So in all things, 

Great or small things, 
Be as tliorougli as yuu can. 

Let no speck their surface dim- 
Spotless truth and honor bright! 
I'd not give a fig lor him 
Who says ayiy lie Is white! 

He who falters. 

Twists or alters 
Little atoms when we speak, 

May deceive me, 

But helieve me 
To himself he is a sneak ! 

Help the weak if you are strong, 
Love the old if you are youug ; 
t»wn a fault if you are wrong. 
If you're angry hold your tongue. 

In each duly 

Lies a beauty 
If your eyes you do not shut; 

Just as surely 

And securely 
As a kernel in a nut ! 

Love with all your heart and soul, 

Love with eyo and ear and touch ; 
That's the moral ol the whole, 
You es-u never love too much ! 

'Tis tue glory 

Of the story 
In our babyhood begun 

Our hearts without it, 

(Never doubt il), 
Are as worlds without a sun ! 

If you think a word will please, ^ 

Say it, if it is but true ; 
Words may give delight with ease. 
When no act is askud from you, 
Worils may often 
Soothe and soften, 
Gild a joy or heal a pain ; 
They are treasures 
Yielding pleasures 
It is wicked to retain ! 

Whatsoe'er you find to do. 

Do it then with all your might; 
Let your prayers be strong and true — 
Prayer, my lads, will keep you right. 

Pray in all things, 

Great and small things. 
Like a truthful, honest man,*; 

And forever. 

Now or never. 
Be as thorough as you can. 



vJXJ^EIsriljE I3SrSTE.TJOTOK. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

rVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. GANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Siiijjle Copy, per Annum $3 00. 

Single Ci>py, for &'ix Months 1 50, 

t9- Grain brniiglit to tlilH f'ity for tlii- .Iuvknii.k "naTKIiiJToii will be 
received at the olliec- of our puiier— DtaKUiiv Nkw.s Uuii.dinos. 



^^3^ 




