
FROM THE UBRARY OF THE 

OESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION BOARD 

50 NORTH MAIN STREET 



^Qc^^^- &w^mKE-Gf TY I. UTAH ^^^^g^R^ J 

25 *. ^' 



O^ T 



^o 



JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



mi i 



R'; It 31 



13? IliTtlf *<■* 



( Published Every Alternate Saturday.) 



siitlttt ilfitilt til fi 



m 



HOLINESS TO THE LORD, 




Wt 



M 



-$►■; 



-«-£iS^St^3-^J-- 



Jfut iui£7i aJZ tft.t/ getting get understanding. — SOLOJVLOJT. 
Ihere is no Excellence without Labor. 



:e i_, :d e: es. g-eo^gs-e: q. c _^_ nsr 2^" o ar, editoe. 



Volume Nine, 



For the Year 1874. 




,^(5— -^^^SJtoM^MU'liMMMiMU'liI ti» 



.»» UMli'l, 



(PZTgLISHEQ £Y G-EOIi&E O. CjlJTJTOJT, 

SALT LAKE QWY,, VTAB TERRITORY. 



'"■• "".rg^s^Q 

THE LIBRARY OF THE 
DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION BOARD 
50 NORTH MAIN STREET 
SALT LAKE CITX I. UTAH 




±^,C: .t^. - 



Digitized by the Internet Archive 

in 2011 with funding from 

Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 



http://www.archive.org/details/juvenileinstruct91geor 



COIJ"TEE"TS. 



Annie and Willie's Prayer, 8 

Anecdotes of Painters, 9, 16, 29, 46, 52, 65, 82, 92, 104, 

118,128, 137, 146,167, 171 
Alphabet of Proverbs, 27 
Amy's Pets, 39 
Ancient Mill, An 45 
All Hail the Jubilee, 84 
Argus, 181 

Aeasdz, the Boy 208, 227, 230 
Adventures of a Rag, 212 
Aqueous Agencies, 218 
Amsterdam, 225 
Away Up, 245 
Admirable Crichton, 255 
Archimedes, 256 
African Customs, 257 
Animal Plagues in India, 292, 302 
African Fish Hawk, 309 

Brutal Father, A 309 

Birthplace of Jesus, 175 

Birds Learn to Sing and Build, How 180 

Business is Business, 183 

Better Whistle than Whine, 184 

Bird s Nest, A Curious 197 

Balloon Invention, 200, 206 

Bird's Nest, The 219 

Bamboo Tree, The 229 

Boy's Advice, A 231 

Bird Instinct, 237 

Blue Coat Boys, 287 

Bread Fruit, 297 

Bells and Age, 297 

Boy's Voyage Around the World, A 4, 20, 26, 40, 50, 70, 

74, 88, 100, 115, 121, 136, 148, 160, 176, 190, 196 
Buried by the Wayside, 14 
Bath in the Dead Sea, 21 
Be Pleasant, 41 
Box Fish, The 51 
Be Willing, 53 
Babv Tomb in China, A 97 
Bar-Tailed Humming Bird, The 117 
Butterfly Fish, The 123 
Bright Dog and a Foolish Master, A 159 
Boy's Purpose, A 162 
Better One than Two. 163 
Baby Playing Bear, 288 



Correspondence, 12, 41, 60, 

Convention at Provo, 22 

Charade, 24, 69, 84, 96, 108, 120, 1 

276, 288, 300, 312 
Cocoa Nut Palm. The 33 
Children of the Saints, 36 
Chinese Marriage, A 51 
Civility is a Fortune, 59 
Count Zinzendorf and the Dove, 62 
Chinese Torture, 69 
Clever Duck, A 75 
Chinese Worshiping, 85 
Clear Grit, 106 
Cinnamon, 114 

Calumny, the Way to Avoid 123 
Crown of Thorns, The 151 
Chapter on Parrots, A 232 
Cache Valley Sunday Schools, 154 
Change of a Century, 243 
Carrier Pigeon, The 308 
Church of the Holy Sepulchre, 243 
Cobra, The 185 
Cuckoo and Wren, 247 
Cheerfulness, 185 
Cheerful View of Things, A 255 
Camel Story, A 186 
Climb Trees, How to 264 
Courage — Cowardice, 207 
Cork, 268 
Courtesy Rewarded, 21 1 



69, 77, 125, 149, 204, 240 

154, 192, 219, 264, 



Diet of Leather Iron, Etc., A 5 

Dying Words, 87 

Depend on Yourself, 89 

Diana of the Ephesians, 157 

Drowned, How to Save the 177 

Date Palm, The 211 

Deaf and Dumb Pygmies, The 221 

Drinking Vinegar, 228 

Dollar Mark, 288 

Eastern Omnibus, 1 

Editorial Thoughts, 6, 18, 30, 42, 54, 66. 78, 90, 102, 

114,126, 138, 150, 159, 174, 186, 198, 210, 222, 234, 

246, 258, 270, 282, 294, 306 
Enigmatical Charade, 12 
Eastern Plow, An 13 
Eastern Express, An 15 
Elementary Chemistry, 16, 28 
Eastern Kitchen, 145 
Eastern Dogs, 169 
Excuse for Smoking, An 175 
Erratum, 312 

Falcons, 307 

Funerals in Paris, 301 

Four Years Old. 276 

Freaks of Memory, 251 

Fixed Purposes, 181 

Foolish Adventure, A 32 

Foolscap Paper, 43 

Faithful Dog, A 44 

Festival of the Idol Tengou in Japan, 49 

For the Bovs, 59 

Flying Jonah, The 63 

Fire, Fire, 134 

Fox and the Fleas, The 140 

Friend in Need, A 147 

Fox, A Reasoning 179 

Floss, 213 

Go Home Bovs, 24 

Glass, 41 

Glass-Making, 112 

German Proverbs, 135 

Gospel Net, The 153 

Gutta Percha Tree, Tapping a 165 

Good Judgment, ] 66 

Great Snowy Owl, The 201 

Guiseppe Gaspardo Mezzofanti, 215 

Genesis and Geology, 242 

Greeks, 253 

Giant Trees from Tiny Seeds, 267 

Grammar, Bad 269 

History of the Church, 9, 22, 34, 38, 52 

How Many Words We Use, 59 

Hark, Listen to the Music, 72 

Horse, An Intelligent 82 

Help Your Mother, 89 

Heirs Unto the Priesthood, We're 96 

Help Yourself, 123 

"He that is Without Sin," 135 

Head and Heel, The 141 

Humble Beginnings, 182 

Hunter, 187 

How to Start in Life, 204 

Horse's Strength, A 235 

Handwriting, 306 

Habeas Corpus, 308 

Hymn Book, New 312 

Ice Palace, An 44 

Iron Lance of Martinique, The 48 

Industrial Art, 81 

Intellectual Culture, 201 

Impolite Things, 215 

Ice in India, 245 

Impatient Hen, The 252 

Josiah Reading the Law, 37 



CHURCH LIBRARY 

TK» OMircK of J.iu. COfiit of UHl»« T «•"*» 



Japanese Peasant in Winter Costume, 81 

Jubilee, Utah County 151 

Jelly Fish, 183 

Japanese Houses, 205 

Jesus and the Woman of Samaria, 225 

Korak Custom, A 271 

Kept In, 237 

Keeping Faith, 75 

Kind, Be 105 

Kite Flying in China, 134 

Keep aStiff Upper Lip, 144 

Kind Acts, 204 

Laborers in the Vineyard, The 7 

Land of the Pharaohs, The 25 

Lesson from Nature, Papa's 43 

Little Hero, A 56 

Little Girl's Reproof, A 63 

Luck and Labor, 69 

Lion and Mouse, The 87 

Lost Sheep, Ti_e 103 

Lesson in Scienoe, A 113 

Like Father, Like Son, 121 

Land of the Blest, 180 

Launching a Ship, 231 

Leisure, 231 

Lamanites, The 274, 280, 291, 303 

Laplanders, 281 

Laughter, 288 

Little Hero, A 297 

Market day in Denmark, 6 

Museum, Our 39, 53, 62, 80, 90, 98, 110, 130, 140, 11 

184, 203, 215, 259 
Memories, Great 64 
Modesty, 66 
Muffv. 67 

Missionary Sketches, SO, 101, 142,. 152, 164 
Manners, 94 
Moth. That Nasty 99 
Maxims, (rood 117 
Marbled Paper, 144 
Memory in a Horse, 228 
Manufactory of the (iobelins, 257 
Monkeys. Fourteen 268 
Manufactures, 274 
Merry Little Seed-Eaters, The 283 

Navigator Taking an Observation, 3 

Norwegian Pilot, A 28 

Number Seven, 105 

Never Too Old to Learn, 108 

Needles, Curious 127 

Names of the States, 132 

Needle-Making, 172 

Nanking 1'agoda, 199 

New York Sparrows, 219 

Nut nil Lust. 22(1 

Novel Egg-Hatcher, A 222 

New Volume, Our 252 

Nut so Green. 276 

Old America, 266, 277, 299, 311 

Orderly Habits, 2i>4 

Old Sailor's Boon, The 179 

Our Jubilee, 12 

< )ak of the Scriptuies, 21 

Orchard Well, The 115 

Only One Customer, 1 15 

Old Dutch Proverbs, ,;nn 

Punctuality, 188 

Polar Bear, 1 89 

Pear Tree, The 1 6 1 

Pompeii, 134 

Parable of the Ten Yirffins, 277 

Produce of the Earth, 293 

Puzzled Frenchman, A 128 

Perfection. How to Secure 123 

Pride in Fine Clothes, 115 

Putting off the Shoes, 93 

Preservation. 77 



Poet : cal Puzzle, A 59 

Praying Mantis and Larva, 57 

Paper in Japan, 199 

Parsees. The 249 

Pleurs, 263 

Pursuit of a Bride, 265 

Pottery Tree, A 305 

Poetry— Thanks for the Sabbath School 48, Children of the 
Saints 36, Song of Praise 24,Our Jubilee 12, The Orchard 
Weil 56, Poetical Puzzle 59,'Tis Sweet to Mingle Voices 
60, Hark, Listen to the Music 72, Preservation 77, All 
Hail the Jubilee 84, We're Heirs unto the Priesthood 96, 
Thanksgiving 108, Pride in Fine Clothes 115, A Song 125, 
161, Keep a Stiff Upper Lip 144, TheWorld's Jubilee 156, 
Land of the Blest 180, A Little Boy's Thoughts 192. Or- 
derly Habits 204,The Unfinished Prayer 220, Who Is It? 
228, The Impatient Hen 252, Yes and No 264, Time's 
Teachings 276, FourY r ears Old 276. Baby Playing Bear 
288, Don't Crowd 300, Hours 312. 

Quarreling, 154 

Questions and Answers, 11, 23, 35, 47,58, 71, 83, 95, 107, 

119.131, 142, 155, 166, 167, 191, 192, 202, 214. 226,239, 
250, 262, 273, 286, 298, 310 

Roman Arena, The 224 
Roe, The 255 

Reminiscence, A 284, 290, 304 
Red Deer, The 31 
Recreation, Proper 68 
Roger Sherman, 76 
Reading the Koran, 109 

Swearing, 138, 294 

Spanish Beggars, 133 

Song, A 125, 161 

Stone in the Road, The 120 

Siamese Prince, A 111 

Stratagem, A Good 93, 98 

Spinster, 92 

Size of Countries, 91 

Smoker. The Little 87 

Sugar Making, 78 

Story of a Seed. 76 

Sunday School Report, 10 

Silver Rule, A 21 

Song of Praise. 24 

Suuday Lessons for Little Learners, 59, 65, 84, 94, 102, 

120.132, 144. 149, 168, 173 
Sea Lions, 289 

Sunday School Examination, 170 

Stick to the Truth, 178 

Skeptic Cured, The 179 

Submarine Life, 185 

Street in Cairo, A 193 

Seal, The 195 

Sunday School Matters, 206 

Small Beginnings, 207 

Sensible Advice, 213 

Smart Dunces, 219 

Sharp Practice, 238 

School Anniversary, 240 

Spotted Deer of India, The 241 

Simple Origin of Important Discoveries, 267 

Salt Manufacture. 279 

Shepherd Boy, The 281 

Seas of Grass, 291 

St. Bernard Dogs, 295 

Soap Manufacture, 305 

Smile, A 296 

Tropical Forest, A 19 

Trusty Boy, A 45 

Thanks for the Sabbath School, 48 

'Tis Sweet to Mingle Voices, 60 

Talk About Animals, 79 

Tired Out. 127 

Threshing Floor, The 129 

Tapir, The 139 

True Picture, A 139 

Thanks and Facts, 182 

Thomas' Boarder, 194 

Trained Birds. 195 



-..•■,. 



■ . 




VOL. 9. 



SALT. LAKETTTY. .SATURDAY, JANUARY 3, 1874. 



NO. 1. 



.A/IfcT EASTERN OMUIBUS. 




After read- 
ing the ti- 
tle of this arti- 
cle— "An East- 
ern Omnibus" 
■ — our readers, 
of course, will 
naturally look 
at the accom- 
panying en- 
graving, ex- 
pecting to see a 
four wheeled 
vehicle of fine 
style, with 
prancing team 
attached, and a 
driver in at- 
tendance ready 
to cry out in 
lusty tones, 
"Take a 'bus, 
sir?" But no 
such handsome 
equipage is 
here represent- 
ed. Instead, 
however, w e 
have a couple 
of small don- 
keys with ra- 
ther queer 
looking saddles 
on their backs, 
and two swar- 
thy looking 
boys, , dressed 
quite unlike 
any boys of our 
acquaintance, 
in attendance. 
These donkeys 
certainly bear 
resemblance 




to an omnibus, 
nor do we wish 
you to under- 
stand that they 
are so called, 
even in the far 
off east, in the 
lands we read 
of in the Bible, 
but if you were 
t ravelin g in 
Syria, you 
would soon find 
that these ani- 
mals are there 
made to serve 
the purpose of 
(i ii v omnibus, 
or coach, or 
carriage or 
even our street 
cars. This is 
why we use this 
figure of speech 
and call this 
patient donkey 
with his awk- 
ward saddle an 
omnibus. It 

may be said to 

be a patient 
mode of travel- 
ing, for, with- 
out doubt, it 
calls for as 
much patience 
mi the p a i" t of 

the traveler as 

the plodding, 
much a bused 
donkey ia noted 
for. 

You must 
know that tb 





J TJ ^T E3 UST I L E I1TSTBTJCTOB 




country in which this species of omnibus is used — the land of 
the ancient patriarchs, the region in which the many incidents 
occurred which we find recorded in the scriptures, is not the 
most smooth and pleasant to travel in that you could imagine; 
far from it. In fact it is so rough, rocky and uneven, and the 
roads are in such a bad condition that the most safe and pleas- 
ant and withal the most expeditious mode of travel there is by 
this same "omnibus" — on the back of a donkey. Nor is this 
kind of traveling new in that country, for we find numerous 
instances recorded in the Bible of travel by this means. Of 
this manner of conveyance a writer who has traveled in that 
country says: 

"These animals are at every doorway and on every corner, 
their red morocco huuchbaeh saddles shining in one's face the 
moment he goes out of the house. The Egyptian ass especially 
is a somewhat philosophic beast. They never indulge him 
with a traveler alone. The donkey-boys form a class by them- 
selves. They run behind with a heavy cane in their hands for 
persuasive thwacks at the exact moment when the little canter 
is about to break into a walk. Take the stick into your own 
hand, and the animal stops. He will drop into a dead plod- 
ding pace from which there is no starting him. For why 
should he trot or run? He cannot get away from the whip 
which he helps to carry. It advances as fast as he does. But 
he leaps miraculously when he hears tnat Arabic voice behind 
him, and knows his goad is in the hands of the driver in the 
rear. 

"The first experience which a foreigner has of this method 
of conveyance, is exceedingly novel, not to say funny. A little 
insignificant animal, less than three feet high, is brought up in 
answer to one's beckoning finger. He gets under your body in 
a curiously adroit way. I used to think the boys had a genius 
at inserting him in the exact spot under the centre of motion. 
When one's feet, dangling six inches more or less from the 
ground, seem so close to the proper path, he instinctively raises 
the question whether it is not a contemptibly mean thing, and 
savoring of sheer imposition, for him to do. quite a grown-up 
able-bodied man as he is, to insist upon such a creature's doing 
the work of moving on for him. But while he reflects he is off', 
for the donkey-boy, that unrelenting swarthy lad of fifteen 
years, has no scruples; flipping the black-silk tassels of his red 
cap over on the side of his head next the sun, jerking up his 
dirty-white linen trousers a new notch, he deals the unfortunate 
animal a dextrous punch in the sore he conveniently exposes 
on his haunches, and away you go. Fore and aft, the driver lets 
loose screams in Arabic to keep people out of the way of you. 
It remains no longer a question of magnanimity. So at last 
you put ahead, with only one frantic gleam of satisfaction in 
your perturbed mind, and shining on^'our hot face, that no one 
whom you care for is near enough to see what a figure you cut. ' ' 



-•-*- 



"WHI^T .A. BOY IDIID. 




HE was only a poor boy. It is the poor boys who always do 
things. Look over the record of great accomplishments, 
and see if you do not find that they were brought about by 
men whose boyhood was poor and discouraging. 

He was only a poor boy, but he was willing to work. So he 
did odd jobs about home, and did them so well and so willingly 
people liked him and gave him more to do. As he could, he 
went to school. When not in school or at work, he read books 
and newspapers. 

He had a liking for pencilings, and drew curious figures on 
is slate or on bits of paper at odd moments, and the more he 



drew the more he liked to. His parents thought him foolish 
to spend so much time in making pictures, but they let him 
do as he chose pretty much. 

By and by an architect, a man who makes plans of buildings, 
you know, and sees to the carrying out of his plans, advertised 
that he wanted an office boy. Louis applied for the place. 
(Louis was not his name, but we will call him so.) His appli- 
cation was granted. He took the place and did every duty 
faithfully. 

Whenever there was a leisure moment, he busied himself 
with his pencil, and one day his employer noticed that he drew 
readily and set him to helping on a simple plan of some build- 
ing. After that he helped all his spare time on the regular 
office work, and out of office hours he studied books on archi- 
tecture, learning all he was able to of the various styles of 
cathedrals, churches, public buildings, dwellings and the like. 

Other bovs tempted him away, of evenings, aud taunted him 
with being stingy, because he never spent money for beer and 
theatre tickets, and such other things as some boys delight in; 
but he went on quietly in his own way. What money he could 
save from his small wages he devoted to buying books, and before 
long he had acquired quite a little library. What he learned 
from the books, though, was of more value than the handsome 
books themselves. The pretty drawings they contained he 
studied over, dreamed over. 

After one or two years, there was to be a new city hall erected 
in the city where Louis lived, and the authorities having the 
matter in charge advertised for plans. It was to be a very large 
and very fine building, and would cost a great deal of money. 
Louis heard his employer talking about it, and saying that he 
should prepare a plan, and hoped to win the prize of $5,000 
offered. 

Louis thought he would try for the prize, too. How he did 
work. In the weeks which were given for preparation he gave 
every moment he possibly could to his ambitious task. He 
scarcely slept. Night after night he bent over the immense 
sheets of bristol board on which his plan was taking shape. 
He rubbed out lines again and again. He thought upon his 
work until his head fairly snapped with thinking. A good 
many times he was ready to give up, and often he said to him- 
self, "How can I expect to succeed where so many older ones 
must fail?" 

But he worked on until he' finished his work The large 
sheets were all covered with details of his plan, and all the 
figures estimating the amount of stone and lumber to be used 
and the cost of the whole were correctly made. Then he rolled 
all up together, in snug condition, placed his real name in a 
sealed envelope, marked with a fictitious name as the instruction 
said, and waited as patiently as he could for results. 

The committee who were to examine the plans presented, when 
they met for such examination, found over fifty plans, some 
of them drawn by the best-known architects of the country. 
They gave each a careful scrutiny, went through all the estimates, 
and finally awarded the prize of $5,000 to Louis Lisch ! 

You can imagine Louis' feelings when the announcement was 
made. I will not attempt to portray them. And I will only 
add that almost any boy can succeed in whatever he undertakes 
if he will only work faithfully for success. — Selected. 



-+*- 



Everything tends to produce its likeness; the idle make 
their associates idle; the libertine corrupts the innocent; the 
quarrelsome create broils; gamesters make gamesters, and 
thieves — thieves. 





CTTJ^E^TILE IITSTRUCTOR. 



usr^viGi-ATOiR, tazkihstg!- aust observation 




WE have here a most beautiful picture, representing two 
officers on board of a vessel at sea measuring the angular 
distance of the moon from a star. Doubtless many of our 
readers are ignorant of the meaning of this or the necessity for 
such an operation. You have all learned, of course, that 
vessels at sea are supplied with compasses, the magnetic 
needles of which show the direction in which the ship is going 
by always point- 
ing towards the 
north. Also 
that the officers 
can tell with tol- 
erable accuracy, 
by reckoning, 
the distance 
sailed, and in 
what directions; 
but it would not 
do for an officer 
to rely solely up- 
on this single 
means of ascer- 
taining his lo- 
cality, for if he 
were to the re- 
sult would be 
likely to prove 
disastrous. An 
officer of a ship 
must be able to 
prove, by fig- 
ures, after tak- 
ing an observa- 
tion of the rel- 
ative position of 
certain stars 
and the moon, 
as illustrated in 
our engraving, 
just where he is 
sailing. If he 
is not compe- 
tent for this 
task, he is not 
fit for the posi- 
tion of officer 
of a vessel on 
the high seas. 
"A ship once 
out of sight of 
land may truth- 
fully be said to 
navigate the 
heavens rather 
than the sea; 

for while dead reckoning and the magnetic needle may answei 
for short periods of cloudy wcatl 




are called "Navigators' Stars."' If we regard them as the 
figures upon the face of a clock, and the moon as the point of 
a hand which always keens correct time, we may easily under- 
stand, that though the stars are not spaced off as regularly as the 
figures upon the dial, yet a little practice will enable us to tell 
the time from this great, unerring celestial chronometer with 
absolute precision. From the knowledge thus obtained, the 

navigator de- 
termines the 
position of his 
ship in longi- 
tude, or west- 
ward from any 
given point up- 
on the earth, 
while the alti- 
tude or angular 
elevation of any 
star above the 
horizon to the 
north or south 
will give him 
Iris position in 
latitude north 
or south of the 
equator; and 
the position of 
the sun, taken 
at noon, will 
guide him with 
equal certain- 
ty." 

There is per- 
haps no occupa- 
tion more peril- 
ous than that 
of the sea-far- 
ing man; for we 
must know that 
there are times 
when for days, 
and even weeks, 
the weather is 
so stormy and 
foggy that there 
is no opportu- 
nity either by 
day or night for 
taking an ob- 
servation, It is 
during such pe- 
riods that the 
dreadful disas- 
ters happen at 
sea. the reports 
llowing instance 



.....her. where 
'sea-room,' only the stars can be relic, 




lere is plenty of 
u] o i to determine tin' 
precise* position of a ship upon the pathless waters; and had 
the heavens about us been starless, the 
gation would have made it 
"The 



of which come to n 
will serve to illustrate tl 



so frequently. The li 



lingers of ocean navi 
nit practically impossible. 

Jhe most brilliant stars along the path which the I n 

escribes in the heavens during its revolutions about the earth 



ngerto 

at such times: 

"The whaling ship, Gleam, whili 
ward bound, from the Pacific net 
of stormy weather, (luring which n 

through the gloom. At the end of this time the captain could 
onK guess al his position upon lb ■can. At length, a ri 



which mariners arc exposed 

rounding Cape Horn home- 
an, encountered six weeks 

i glimpse of blue skv broke 





J" TJ "V E IsT X L E HTSTRUCTOB 




in the flying cloud at midnight showed him the moon; and a 

hasty observation of her position among the stars told him 

that he was within a few miles of the island of Teneriffe and 

running directly upon its rock -bound coast. The ship was 

immediately hove to, and that prelude of danger, "All hands 

on deck !" — the tocsin of the sea — soon "manned the braces, 

and stationed every man at his post, prepared 

"to fight, 

In the wi'.d midnight, 

The storm on the mountain wave." 

"Silently they waited for morning, and in the gray dawn, 
sternly looming above the clouds stood the peak of Teneriffe 
in the identical spot where the celestial monitor of the night 
before had warned them of its existence." 



^ Ipoufs l}oua0t v ground tfje IfWhl 



BY G. M. O. 



DESERTS THE SHIP — LOST ON THE DESERT. 




I FOUND by others of the crew being too open and free in 
letting out their intentions, that they had been baulked in 
their undertakings; so I resolved to follow the old adage, " A 
wise head has a closed mouth." anil kept my thoughts to my- 
self. With my half formed resolution of taking "French 
leave," I went ashore on my first liberty day. My artistic fame 
had preceded me, and my ability was called into requisition 
soon after I landed. A large, heavily built German, who had 
been christened or had appropriated the renowned name of 
"Blucher' ' kept a paulparee or rum-shop, in one of the upper 
streets of the town. Besides keeping the rum-shop, he kept 
a rather good-looking Spanish woman, who cooked a good sub- 
stantial meal, which was offered at a reasonable rate and 
brought plenty of customers to the house. Like all prosper- 
ous landlords. Blucher wanted a sign to swing above his door; 
but, alas ! the artistic taste of Payta was at so low an ebb that 
they could not furnish a painter of any style or manner. 
Through one of my ship-mates, Blucher heard of me. He 
invited me to his house, and spreading an array of old brushes, 
cans of ship's paint, and a large piece of sail cloth before me, 
(a collection, he said, of many years) he urged me to proceed 
with his sign. Of course, for my reputation's sake, I "pitched 
in;" and by night time my patron had his sign floating, I 
should say swinging, over his door. The design cannot be de- 
scribed. There was a ship, a barque, a brig, a steamer and a 
pilot boat, mixed up with clouds, sea. a lighthouse and a prom- 
ontory, without regard to the laws of composition, or perspec- 
tive lineal or aerial; but Blucher was pleased with it when 
done, and so was I — that is. I was pleased that it was done. 

So passed my first liberty day. I had no opportunity to look 
around; in fact, I could see no chance of deserting from the 
ship without getting caught. No one was to be trusted in the 
town, and the lonely plain looked awfully forbidding. My 
second liberty day was spent rambling over the town, and I 
returned on board the ship with my mind almost made up to 
remain on her another cruise. As yet none of the boys had 
"cut stick;'' we all knew we would have three days; and all 
who intended to desert were holding back for the last day, or 
like myself, waiting for that opportunity to turn up that always 
does turn up at a time when our decision of action is either 
good or evil. With me it did not turn up until the morn- 



ing after my third liberty day. When liberty is given to a 
ship's crew, it is by watch and watch. One watch has twenty- 
four hours ashore, then go aboard and relieve the other watch, 
who take their twenty-four hours, and so on, until both watches 
have had three days each. It is customary for the captain's 
watch (the starboard) to have the first day. I was in the 
captain's watch, and on the morning after my last liberty day 
should have reported to the officer sent ashore with a boat, at 
day-light. It is usual for the boat to bring off the liberty- 
enjoying watch before the expectant watch are allowed to go 
ashore, but our men had been so prompt coming off that all 
suspicion of deserting was allayed. This morning the officers 
sent the larboard watch ashore in the boat that was to bring 
us off. Another reason for their doing this was that some five 
or six of the starboard watch had gone on board the evening 
before. 

It was about seven o'clock, as I was walking with a heavy 
heart down to the boat to go on board the ship, that I met Mr. 
Barrett, one of the boat steerers. He accosted me in an angry 
manner, wanting to know why in the h— 1 I had not reported 
myself two hours before, saying the captain and mate would 
give some of us particular h — 1 for not being on board. He 
told me six or eight of our watoh were missing, and that he 
and the third mate were hunting them up. When he met me 
he inquired where I was going. I told him to the boat, and 
that I had overslept myself. He wanted to know if I could 
tell him where my missing companions could be found. I told 
him .yes; they were at Blucher' s, I guessed. This was a 
direct lie. I stayed at Blucher' s myself all night; in fact, 
was just from his house. No one else of our crew had been 
there. Barrett told me to hurry on board, while he went to 
Blucher' s. We separated, he to find the absentees, I, as he 
supposed, to go to the boat. When he turned the corner of 
the next street, I also turned a corner. My mind was made 

up, my decision resolved on. Captain B should not 

have the pleasure of giving me h — 1 if I could help it. I 
would try my luck on the burning sands of those Puna plains, 
rather than bear the cursings of a Nantucket blubber-hunter. 
And so resolved, through by-streets and unfrequented ways, I 
struck out for the sandy desert. But I did not go far, some 
three miles, till, finding a little shady nook under the lee of a 
sand bank, I lay down to think and form some plan for my 
further guidance. Here I was, a deserter, in a strange place 
— on a sandy desert — surrounded with treacherous knaves, and 
no probability of the ship sailing for five or six days! I was 
not even certain of her sailing in that time. I knew I could 
• not live without food and drink, but possibly I might venture 
into the town at night and buy provisions. But I had only 
twenty-five cents in money, and that would not go far. I 
thought Blucher might help me, but I did not like to try him. 
The only conclusion I could arrive at was, that without doubt 
I had run away. How I was to further manage, I must trust 
to Providence ! So thinking and pondering, I went to sleep, 
not waking until the burning noon-day sun scorched my face. 
I felt thirsty, but dared not venture near the town. The few 
hours I waited for night seemed days; but like everything else, 
day had its end; and with the darkness of night, I cautiously 
approached the town. The moon would not be up before mid- 
night; so the darkness would favor me ! With my twenty -five 
cents I purposed buying a bottle of water and some bread, for 
my next day's sustenance; determining to try the sand hill 
again, judging that they would hunt for me in the town or a 
long way from it out on the plains. Between nine and ten 
o'clock I arrived in the town. As I passed through the dark 




J TJ -V IE 1ST I L IE IITSTBTJCTOB 





and silent streets I met few people and was recognized by 
none. As I neared Blueher's I could see the light from his 
door illuminating the narrow street, and could hear the voices 
of jovial companions within. There were three or four whale 
ships anchored in the Bay and a portion of their crews on 
shore enjoying themselves. One of the vessels, the Leonidas, 
of New Bedford, commenced giving liberty the day our ship 
did, and we had become somewhat acquainted. I lingered 
around the house for fifteen or twenty minutes when one of the 
crew of the Leonidas came out. I spoke to him and he 
informed me that several of the Marias crew were inside. I 
asked if my chum, "Hank," was inside. He said he thought 
he was, and volunteered to go and tell him some one outside 
wished to see him. I told him to do it privately. This he did 
and Hank coming out was overjoyed to see me, yet half angry 
at my running away without letting him know of it. We 
walked down the street together, when he informed me that 
seven of our watch had deserted, and probably as many more 
would do the same from the other watch. He said the captain 
had offered twenty dollars for every man captured and that two- 
thirds of the inhabitants were on the hunt for us. The impres- 
sion was, as I had rightly judged, that we were concealed some- 
where in the town, as Barrett had reported his meeting me in 
the morning. Hank had been contemplating running away for 
weeks, but like myself was waiting for the opportunity. "And 
now," said Hank "it has turned up!" He had thirty-one cents, 
and proposed buying bread with it and advised me to buy a bot- 
tle of water with the money I had. And together we would 
start over the plains for the city of Piura. That we might not 
excite suspicion, we separated with the understanding of meet- 
ing at the foot of a large wooden cross, in the centre of the 
Plaza, in an hour. 

At the appointed time, I was at the cross. The moon was 
up in all her splendor, and as I crouched down in the shadow, 
at the foot of that emblem of our Redeemer's faith, I earnest- 
ly prayed for His intercession in our behalf. I waited a long 
time for Hank, so long my faith seemed to weaken, as the 
shadow of the emblem shortened; but he came at last, He 
had some difficulty in getting provisions. I had no trouble to 
get water; I had only to go to a water seller and buy a bottle; it 
would cause no suspicion; it cost me all my money though, for 
a Dutch beer bottle holding a quart. Getting the provisions 
required a little maneuvering on Hank's part, and was only 
done by ordering a supper, paying for it, and coolly putting it 
in his pocket and walking off. With our water and provisions 
slung to us, we started on the road to Piura, forty-five miles 
distant, over the dusty, scorching plain, with n guide but an 
almost obliterated mule track, and this we lost a few miles from* 
Payta. Using the moon as a guide, we traveled on at a brisk 
rate until about four o'clock. Judging we were about eight 
miles from the town, we concluded to take a rest and a drink 
of water. This was the first drink I had for thirty-six hours 
nor had I tasted food in that time. Hank was as thirsty as I, 
and veiy imprudently we emptied the bottle, thinking by noon 
we would arrive at the half-way house, a station, Hank had 
been informed, was situated half way across the plain. After 
our feast we lay down in a sand gully, and being very tired, it 
was not long before we were hard and fast asleep. It must have 
been eight o'clock when we woke, the sun shining in our faces 
and already scorching hot. .We both wished we had saved a 
little of the water; in fact I felt more thirsty than the evening 
before. We could find no trace of a road or track! In all 
directions stretched the bare burning sand! We knew Piura was 
to the south east of Payta; so taking the sun for a guide, we 
ied to steer in that direction. Along about noon "old Sol" 



poured down his rays like a flame of fire, and the sand was 
blistering hot. We both suffered terribly for water. I really 
felt at times as if I could not proceed another step ! We en- 
couraged each other and pushed along in hopes of reaching the 
station. The sand was very fine, and we sank ankle deep at 
every step, making it very fatiguing to walk. The hot winds 
from the Puna hills was as distressing as the burning sun, and 
the heat and glare from the sand was blinding. Looking across 
the plain, the mirage formed every sand hillock into a green 
isle, floating in a limpid lake to our fever-burnt eyes, and we 
kept pushing on all the afternoon, suffering intensely for a 
drink. When the sun went down we again crawled under the 
lee of a sheltering sand bank. We had no idea of the distance 
we had walked, but our progress had been necessarily slow, on 
account of the difficulty of walking in the soft sand. The dark- 
ness of night relieved us 'from the burning heat of the sun, but 
it did not relieve our minds of the gloomy sensation of knowing 
that we were lost ! There was no denying it ! Completely 
lost ! ! To go on in the darkness would be folly— to retrace our 
steps impossible ! So we cuddled close together on the soft 
sand, worn out with our day's travel and soon forgot our trou- 
bles in sleep. 

(To be Continued.) 



-#~ — •■- 



A diet of Leather. Iron, Felt, etc. — Some physiologist 
has been giving the results of some investigations and calculations 
in the field of diet. His statements are curious enough: 

••When we pouruiilk into acupofteaor coffee, the albumen 
of the milk and the tannin of the tea instantly unite and form 
leather, or minute flakes of the very same compound which is 
produced in the texture of the tanned hide, and which make 
it leather as distinguished from the original skin. In the course 
of a year a tea drinker of average habits will have imbibed 
leather enough to make a pair of boots, if it could be put into 
the proper shape for the purpose. 

"A great many things go into the mouth. This is not an 
original remark. We have seen it somewhere. But it is an 
alarming fact. We drink, every one of us. a pair of boots a 
year. We carry iron enough in our blood constantly to make a 
horse-shoe. We have clay enough in our frames to make, if 
properly separated and 1 laked, a d( izen good-sized bricks. The 
man who carelessly tips a glass of lager into his stomach little 
reflects that he has begun the manufacture of hats, yet such 
is the case. The malt of the beer assimilates with the chyle 
andformsasortoffelt-the very same seen so often in hat 
factories Still further: it is estimated that the bones in every 
adult person require to be fed with lime enough to make a 
marble mantel every eight months. 

"To sum up, we have the following astounding aggregate 
of articles charged to account of physiology, to keepevery poor 
shack on his feet for three wore years and ten. 

Men's boots, 70 years, at 1 pair a year, 70 pairs. 

Horse-shoes, 70 years at I a month, as our arterial 
system renews its blood every new -noon. 84U snoes. 

Bricks, at 12 per 7; years. " ' ,,'s' 

Hats not less than 14 a year, MBbg 

Mantels, at H a year, 

Here we are surprised to observe thai we eat as many shoes 
as we wear, and a sufficient number of hats to supply a large 
family of boys; and we float in our blood vessels horse-shoes 
enough to keep a span of grays shod all the while; that we 
carry i„ our animated clay, bricks enough to build a modern 
fire-place, and in our bones marble enough to supply all our 

neighbors with mantels. 





CTTJ^TEl^TIXjEi IUSTBTJOTOB 




fj'ty ^l|ituet|il^ |(t|s!md0t|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, JANUARY 3, 


1874. 



IEIDITOIE^I^LX-j THOUGHTS. 



HERE are some manifestations of pride 
that are proverbially excusable; such, for 
instance, as that felt by the boy of tender 
years, when he casts aside the girlish frock 
and petticoat, and dons for the first time 
the manly coat and pants. So also are we 
proud of the new dress in which we appear 
to-day, and deem that pride excusable. Our 
aim and effort has been to spread useful 
iwledge among the youth of Zion, more es- 
ially that knowledge, the most useful of all, 
eh teaches man how to please his God, and 
J^ to-day with these desires of doing good intensi- 
fied, we enter upon our new volume. 
Without any increase in our price, we have enlarged 
. .Jv^ tne Juvenile Instructor from eight to twelve pages, 
'/f\N we have increased the number of the engravings which 
' I adorn its pages, we have printed it on superior paper, 
and to the mechanical portion of its production given much 
attention. Nor have we neglected to take measures that the 
contents of the coining volume shall be of great value to all 
who love the cause of Zion. We have called to our aid the 
pens of some of our ablest writers, who from time to time will 
contribute to our columns. Having done this much, we appeal 
to all who desire to see the minds of our youth stored with the 
rich treasures of true knowledge and understanding to assist us 
and to add the weight of their influence in spreading the cir- 
culation of the Juvenile Insructor, until its pages shall be 
read and studied in every dwelling place of the Latte: -day 
Saints. 




MARKET IDJ^^r X UST 

ueistmark:. 



BY J. N. S. 



T 




HE principal cities of Denmark are called ' 'merchant cities, ' ' 
J. to distinguish them from their less pretentious sisters, the 
country towns. The merchant cities have certain special privi- 
leges, similar, I presume, to our chartered cities, as they have 
each a mayor, a city council, and an independent local organ- 
ization. In each of the merchant cities there will be held a fair 
<>r market on some specified day, or days throughout the year, 
arranged by rule, so that the almanac, that great repository of 
intelligence, duly set- forth when market day comes for each 
and every city in the monarchy. 

As this will be the event of the season, for each favored 
locality preparations are made before and, upon a scale of mag- 
nificence, to correspond with the interest of the occasion. 

The public square or market-place is parcelled out by the 
authorities the evening before the day. to parties wishing 
to put up tents, or booths or awnings in which to display their 
wares, some little ground rent being exacted for the rights and 
protection granted. Dining the greater part of the night pre- 
ceding the auspicious day. the busy tap, tap, of hammers can 
heard, and when morning comes, long lines of canvas houses 



can be seen variously ornamented according to the taste or the 
means of the occupant, but uniform in one particular, for each 
is surmounted by the national flag, the immortal Dannebrog, 
which, according to tradition, fell down from heaven upon a 
hard fought and still undecided battle field, when the sacred ban- 
ner was immediately seized and borne aloftU,triumphantly to 
victory, by a brave and pious Danish bishop, who did not dis- 
dain to fight with worldly weapons. This beautiful tradition, 
whether true or false, renders the national color sacred to every 
true Danish heart. He would be craven indeed, who "would 
be'guilty of an ignoble act, with his glorious red and white cross 
streaming above him. 

The day is ushered in with the sound'of trumpets, and gen- 
eral[reioicing, and if fortunately there be no rain, all the citizens 
and the 'people from the country side, clad [in [their [holiday 
attire will soon throng the streets where the utmost hilarity and 
good humor prevail. 

The huckster is in all his glory, the most astonishing wares 
are exposed to view: not content with appealing to the eye of 
the spectator only, he proclaims the excellence of that which 
he has to sell with voice and gesture. 

Everything that industry and ingenuity can produce, that 
will tempt a purchaser, is displayed to the best advantage pos- 
sible. Mu.sic of various kinds and of good mialitv is heard 
proceedin g from different parts of the grounds. 

The wild beast show is at one end of the town'and the circus 
at the other, w.hile the lesser attractions, such as Tom' Thumb 
and the giant, the tall woman, the fat woman,"the woman with 
a beard, and other varieties of wonder, such! as jugglers and 
mountebanks occupy different tents and stands duly advertised 
by flaming signs or hoarse criers. The hotels of the town are 
full to overflowing, and creature comforts are also dispensed at 
hastily improvised coffee houses. All kinds of drinkables are 
retailed at numerous bars, but there is not much drunkenness, 
and such a thing as an attempt to steal any of the numberless 
articles offered for sale, is quite unheard of. As the day 
advances, a shooting match comes off, closely followed by a 
horse race. The entrance to the race track is free to all, no 
one thinks of exacting pay, neither would it be permitted by 
the authorities. The horses of Denmark are justly celebrated 
for speed and endurance, the result, in part, of being so well 
groomed and cared for. Towards evening the young men of 
spirit begin to form into groups with a view to pass the night 
at the card table. This is one of the dark sides of the picture 
— the Danes are very fond of games of hazard. 

The citizens prepare for the grand performance at the 
theatre, generally by some traveling company, sometimes a 
theatrical troupe from Copenhagen itself, where the legitimate 
drama is held in the highest estimation; or perhaps the play 
may lie given by some company of amateurs; but should all 
these fail, the local company will not fail, and they are so well 
known that almost any one could tell each of their parents' 
names, and the occupation of nearly all their relatives. 

Now the music is heard no more on the streets, but will soon 
commence in the dancing halls, which will teem with gayety 
and fashion. 

The tents will soon be struck, the dealers 
gains, and the poor tramp, the mountebank 
obtain a precarious living by their wits, will 1 
until they appear in some distant market town on another fair 
day to 'strut their brief hour" in tinsel and painted glory. 



vill count their 
ind others who 
e seen no more 



-►*- 



Punctuality begets confidence and is the sure road to honor 
and respect. 





cr tt ^r is nsr 1 1_. :e i^tstrtjotob 




THB1LABOBBES I UST THE YI1TEYABD, 




OUR Savior when on the earth had a pleasing mode of illus- 
trating his teachings and explaining the principles of the 
gospel by means of parables, the actors in which were, as a 
rule, persons and things met with in every day life in Palestine, 
with whom the multitude who listened to his words were well 
acquainted. Our picture, which is a very truthful representation 
of men, costumes and scenery in the Holy Land, is intended to 
illustrate one 
of these para- 
bles, generally 
known as that 
of the "labor- 
ers in the vine- 
yard. ' ' The 
particular por- 
tion of the par- 
able which the 
artist has in- 
tended to por- 
tray in the'en- 
graving, our 
youthful read- 
ers will have 
no difficulty in 
determining. 

The apostle 
Matthew, in 
his gospel thus 
narrates the 
circumstances 
which gave 
rise to our Re- 
deemer put- 
ting forth this 
parable: 

"And, be- 
hold, one came 
and said unto 
him, Good 
Master, what 
good thing 
shall I do, that 
I may have 
eternal life? 

"And he 
said unto him. 
Why callest 
thou me good? 
there is none 
good but one, 
that is. God: 
but if tin iu wilt 
enter into life, 
keep the com- 
mandments. 

"He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do ny 
murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal. 
Thou shalt not bear false witness. Honor thy fath'jr an I thy 
mother, and Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. 

"The young man saith unto him. All these things have I kept 
from my youth up: what lack T yet? 

"Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that 

ou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure 




in heaven: and come and follow me. But when the young man 
heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great 
possessions. 

"Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto[you, 
That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven. 
And again I say unto you, it is easier for a camel to'go through 
the eye of a needle, than for a'rich man to enter into the^king- 

dom of God. 
"When his 
disciples heard 
it, they were 
exceedingly a- 
mazed, saying, 
Who then can 
be saved? 

"But Jesus 
beheld them, 
and said unto 
them, With 
men this is im- 
possible; but 
with God all 
things are pos- 
sible. 

' 'Then an- 
swered Peter 
and said unto 
him, Behold 
we have for- 
saken all, and 
followed thee; 
what shall we 
have there- 
fore? 

"And Jesus 
said u nto 
them, Verily 
I say unto you, 
That ye which 
have followed 
me, in the re- 
gen era ti on 
when the Son 
of man shall 
sit in the 
throne of his 
glory, ye also 
shall sit upon 
twelve thrones 
judging the 
twelve tribes 
of Israel. And 
every one that 
hath forsaken 
houses, or 
brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or chil- 
dren, or lands, for my name's .sake, shall receive a hundredfold, 
aid hall inherit everlasting life. Hut many thai are first shall 
lie last: ami the last shall he first. For the kingdom of heaven 
is like unto a man that is a householder, which went out early 
in the morning to hire laborers into his vineyard. And when 
he had agreed with the laborers for a penny a day, he sent 
them into his vineyard. And he went out about the th 





JTJTE1TILE IITSTBTJCTOR. 




hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace. And 
he said unto them: go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever 
is right I will give you. And they went their way. Again he 
went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise. 
^And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others 
standing idle, and saith unto them. Why stand ye here all the 
day idle? They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. 
He saith unto them go ye also into the vineyard; and whatso- 
ever is right, that shall ye receive. 

So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto 
his steward, Call the laborers, and give them their hire, begin- 
ning from the last unto the first. And when they came that 
were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man 
a penny. But when the first came, they supposed that they 
should have received more; and they likewise received every man 
a penny. And when they had received it, they murmured 
against the good man of the house, saviner. These last have 
wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, 
which have borne the burden and heat of the day. But he 
answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: 
didst not thou agree with me for a penny? Take that thine is, 
and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as unto thee. 
Is it not lawtul for me to do what I will with mine own? Is 
thine eye evil, because I am good. So the last shall be first. 
and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen." 



elected Ijaefrtf, 



-^nsrusniri; .a_:£t:d Willie's 
:p:R,jLir:E:rR,. 




'Twas the eve before Christmas, good night had been said, 

And Annie and Willie had crept into bed; 

There were tears on their pillows, and tears in their eyes, 
And each little bosom was heavy with sighs— 

lor to-night their stern father's command had been given, 

lhat they should retire precisely at -even, 
Instead .if at eight: for they troubled him more 
\\ ith questions unheard of than ever before; 

He had told them he thought this delusion a sin, 

JNosuch being ;1 - "Santa Glaus" ever had been, 
And he hoped, after this, he should never more hear 
How he scrambled down chimneys with presents each year. 

And tin- was fche rea-on that two little heads 

bo restlessly tossed on their soft, downy beds. 

Bight, nne-. and the clock on the - 1 . -T x . 1 . tolled ten- 
-V.t a word had been spoken by either till then, 

\\ lien \\ illie'e sad tar,- from the blanket did peep, 

And whispered, "Dear Annie, i- you fast aseep?" 
h W li.y no, brother \\ illie," a sweet voice replies, 
1 ve tried, but in vain, for 1 cant shut my eyes; 

t'or somehow it make- me sorry because 

Dear papa Ini- said there is no 'Santa Clan-: 
Now we know there is, and it can't be denied, 
J-or he cam.- every year before mamma died; 

But then, 1 ve been thinking that she used to pray, 

And God would hear everything mamma would say, 
And perhaps she ..-Led him to -end Santa Chilis here, 

••u 11 sae ks full of presents he brought every year." 

Well why tan't we pay de.-t as mamma did then, 

And ask l)od to send hiin with p. ■-.•lit- aden'.'" 

'I've been thinking so, too." And without a word more 
Jour little feet bounded out on the floor. 

And lour little knees the soft carpet pressed, 

And two tiny hands were clasped close to each breast. 
T |"'*i V\ illie, you know we inu-t firmly believe 
lhat the presents we ask for we're -ure to receive; 

lou must wait just as still till I say the 'Amen,' 

And by that you will know that your turn has come then. 
l>ear Jesus, look down on my brother and me, 
And grant us the favor we're asking of Thee; 

1 want a wax dolly, a tea-set and ring, 

And an ebony work-box that shuts with a spring; 



Bless papa, dear Jesus, and cause him to see 
That Santa Claus loves us far better than he; 
Don' t let him get fretful and angry again, 
At dear brother Willie and Annie, Amen!" 
"Please Desus, 'et Santa Taus turn down to-night, 
And bing us some pesents before it is 'ight, 
I want he should dive me a nice 'ittle sed, 
With bight, shinin' 'unners, and all painted yed; 
A box full of tandy, a book and a toy. 
Amen, and then, Desus, I'll be a dood boy." 
Their prayers being ended, they raised up their heads, 
And with hearts light and cheerful again sought their beds; 
They were soon lost in slumber, both peaceful and deep, 
And with fairies in Dreamland were roaming in sleep. 
Eight, nine, and the little French clock had struck ten, 
Ere the father had thought of his children again; 
He seems now to hear Annie's half suppressed sighs, 
And to see the big tears stand in Willie's blue eyes. 
"I was harsh with my darlings," he mentally said, 
And should not have sent them so early to bed. 
But then I was troubled — my feelings found vent, 
For bank-stock to-day has gone down ten per cent. 
But of course they've forgotten their troubles ere this 
And that I denied them the thrice-asked-for kiss; 
But. just to make sure, I'll steal up to their door, 
For I never spoke harsh to my darlings before." 
So saying, he softly ascended the stairs, 
And arrived at the door to hear both their prayers. 
His Annie's "bless papa," draws forth the big tears, 
And Willie's grave promise falls sweet on his ears. 
"Strange, strange, I'd forgotten," said he with a sigh, 
"How I longed when a child to have Christmas draw nigh. 
I'll atone for my harshness," he inwardly said, 
By answering their prayers ere I sleep in my bed" 
Then he turned to the staircase and softly went down, 
Threw off velvet slippers and silk dress'ing-gown — 
Donned hat, coat and boots, and was out in the street, 
A millionaire facing the cold, driving sleet. 
Nor stopped he until be had bought every thing, 
From the box full of sweets to the tiny gold ring; 
Indeed, he kept adding so much to his store, 
That the various presents outnumbered a score; 
Then homeward he turned with his holiday load, 
And with Aunt Mary's help in the nursery 'twas stowed; 
Miss Dolly was seated beneath a pine tree, 
By the side of a table spread out for her tea; 
A work-box well filled in the centre was laid. 
And on it a ring for which Annie had prayed. 
A soldier in uniform stood by a sled. 
"With bight shinin' 'unners, and all painted yed." 
There were balls, dogs and horses, books pleasing to see, 
And birds of all colors were perched in the tree, 
While Santa Claus, laughing, stood up in the top, 
As if getting ready more presents to drop; 
And as the fond father the picture surveyed, 
He thought for his trouble he had amply been paid, 
And he said to himself, as he brushed off a tear, 
^ "I'm happier to-night than I've been for a year. 
I've enjoyed more true pleasure than ever before; 
What care I if bank-stock falls ten per cent more! 
Hereafter I'll make it a rule, I believe, 
To have Santa Claus visit us each Christmas eve." 
So thinking, he gently extinguished the light, 
And tripped down the stairs to retire for the night. 
As soon as the beams of the bright morning sun 
Put darkness to flight, and the stars, one by one, 
Four little blue eyes out of sleep opened wide, 
And at the same moment the presents espied. 
Then out of their bed they sprang with a bound, 
And the very gifts prayed for were all of them found. 
They laughed and they cried in their innocent glee, 
And shouted for "papa" to come quick and see 

What presents old Santa Claus brought in the night, 
i( (Just the things that they wanted,) and left before light. 

And now," added Annie, in a voice soft and low, 
"You'll believe there's a Santa Claus, papa, I know;" 
While dear little Willie climbed up on his knee, 
Determined no secret between them should be; 
And told, in soft whispers, how Annie had said 
T hat their blessed mamma, so long ago dead, 



Used to kneel down and pray by the side of her chair, 
t And that God up in heaven had answered her prayerl 

■^en we dot up and payed dust as well as we tould, 
And Dod answered our payers; now wasn't He dood?" 
I should say that He was, if He sent you all these, 

And knew just what presents my children would please. 
(\\ ell, well, let him think so the dear little elf, 
'Twould be cruel to tell him I did it myself.") 

Blind father! who caused your stern heart to relent? 

And the hasty word spoken so soon to repent? 
aj S the Being who bade you steal softly up-stairs, 
And made you his agent to answer their prayers. 





JUVBUILE IFSTRUGTOR. 




i «it org of] thy M.hmtli. 

EARLY LIFE IN THE VALLEY! 




UNTIL saw mills could be built to run by water, lumber had 
to be made with whip saws, and many of the men were 
engaged in sawing through the entire winter. So anxious were 
the people to preserve the timber, that strict regulations 
were adopted respecting the manner of cutting it, and the 
Municipal Council decided that no person should build 
with logs without permission. Many supposed that the 
timber would soon be exhausted, and then the settlement would 
be in a bad plight. But when President Young returned in 
1848 these restriction 1 : were removed and the people were left 
at liberty to cut timber as they pleased. He had a better idea 
of the extent of the timber in the mountains, and had no fears 
of its speedy consumption. Many of the first settlers of this 
valley would have been amazed in 1847 or 1848 had they seen 
such piles of lumber brought from the mountains as are sold 
every season now, and have been for years back, in this city. 
Every year has brought to light new bodies of timber, and 
many of the people have gone to the opposite extreme, and 
seem to imagine that the timber resources of these mountains 
cannot be exhausted, judging by their recklessness in cutting 
and destroying this important element of wealth. 

The public meetings through the winter were held generally 
near the liberty pole in the centre of the Old Fort, The mild- 
ness of the weather enabled the people to meet in the open air 
without much discomfort, A better and more commodious 
and warmer shelter was afterwards erected there, in which pub- 
lic meetings were held. Meetings were also held on Sunday 
and other evenings in various houses in the Forts, and efforts 
were made to keep up quorum organizations and meetings with 
excellent results. Notwithstanding the scarcity of food and 
clothing and the exposure and severe labors of the people there 
was but little sickness and few deaths. And a feeling of thank- 
fulness was almost universal among the people to the Lord for 
bringing them out of the midst of their enemies, from moboc- 
racy and violence, to this peaceful and healthy land, where they 
could dwell together as a band of brethren and sisters. 

The farming land was fenced in one field, and the people were 
counseled to select their land as nearly together as possible. 
Care was taken to preserve the rights of the people to the water 
for irrigation purposes; and one of the first grants of a right to 
erect a saw mill was given to Brothers Archibald and Robert- 
Gardner, on Mill Creek, with the provision that water for irriga- 
tion purposes should not be interfered with. To many of our 
readers it may be interesting to know what portion of the Val- 
ley was first fenced. On the north the line offence commenced 
at a steep point in the bluffs just south of the Warm Springs — 
a little east and south of the present Bath House — and ran 
directly from there to the northwest corner of the Fort; it then 
started from the southeast corner of the Fort and bore east to 
some distance beyond Mill Creek, and then east to the bluffs 
at the foot of the mountains. The whole length of the line 
fenced, besides the Fort, was 3,638 rods, or nearly twelve miles. 
The land designed for agriculture extended from the north fork 
of City Creek — which at that time ran through the Temple 
Block and through what is now known as the 17th and 16th 
Wards — to one mile south of Mill Creek; on the east it was 
bounded by the bench and on the west by the east line of the 
Fort, In this space there were 5,133 acres taken for tilling. At 
the beginning of March 872 acres were sown with winter wheat, 
much of which was up and looking thrifty at that time. The 



balance of the land,„about 4,260 acres, was designed for spring 
and summer crops. The plows were kept busily running every 
month through the winter, the weather being so mild during at 
least a portion of each month, that the land could be broken 
up. This was a great advantage to the people in putting in 
crops. In March, 1848, the population of the city was reported 
. at;l,671 and the number of houses 423. 

A number of persons, among whom were 0. P. Rockwell, 
E. K. Fuller and A. A. Lathrop, went to California in the 
month of November, 1847, from the Valley to procure wheat, 
cows, beeves, etc, In May the two last named returned. They 
bought two hundred head of cows, at $6 per hea.d, with which 
they started from California, but lost forty head that ran back 
to California from the Mohave. They were ninety days on the 
homeward trip. Bro. 0. P. Rockwell returned to the Valley 
in company with Captain Davis and some members of the Bat- 
talion, early in July. 



->-*- 




notes oil % imnum. 



UNPER this head we purpose giving a few sketches which 
we trust will prove interesting and instructive to our 
readers, as showing what can be attained in that most pleasing 
art- — painting — by studious application, especially when com- 
bined with natural genius. We commence with a chapter from 
Chambers 7 Miscellany, on the celebrated painters: 

CIMABUE ANP GIOTTO. 

Cimabue was born at Florence in 1240, and while still a child 
manifested a taste for drawing. Happening to see the works of 
some Greek painters, he was affected by an extraordinary desire 
to study under them: his wishes were agreed to, and so dili- 
gently did he pursue his profession, that he soon excelled his 
masters. From his performances a school of art sprang up in 
Florence, which thus took the lead in the revival of taste. 
Cimabue lived to the age of sixty, and died in 1 300. A notice 
of Cimabue interestingly leads to the history of his successor. 

In the year 1276, in the town of Vespignano, about forty miles 
from Florence there lived a poor laboring man named Bondone. 
This man had a son whom he brought up in the ignorance usual 
to the lowly condition of a peasant-boy. But the extraordinai-y 
powers of the child, uncultivated as they necessarily were, and 
his surprising quickness of perception and never-failing vivacity 
made him the delight of his father, and of the unsophisticated 
people among whom he lived. At the age of ten, his father 
intrusted him with the care of a flock. Now the happy little 
shepherd-boy strolled at his will over meadow and plain with 
his woolly charge, and amused himself with lying on the grass 
and sketching, as fancy led him, the surrounding objects on 
broad flat stones, sand, or soft earth. His sole pencils were a 
hard stick or a sharp piece of stone; his chief models were his 
flock, which he used to copy as they gathered around him in 
various attitudes. 

One day as the shepherd-boy lay in the midst of his flock, 
earnestly sketching something on a stone, there came by a 
traveler. Struck with the boy's deep attention to his work, and 
the unconscious grace of his attitude, the stranger stopped, and 
went to look at his work. It was a sketch of a sheep, drawn 
with such freedom and truth of nature, that the traveler beheld 
it with astonishment. 

"Whose son are you?" cried he with eagerness. 

The startled boy looked up in the face of his questioner. 





io 



TJVE1TILE IITSTE/UCTOE/. 




"My father is Bondone the laborer, and I am his little Giotto, 
so please the signor," said he. 

~J'Well, then, little Giotto, should you like to come and live 
with me, and learn how to draw and paint sheep like this, and 
horses, and even men?" 

The child's eyes flashed with delight. "I will go with you 
anywhere to learn that. But," he added, as a sudden reflection 
made him change color, "I must first go and ask my father; I 
can-do nothing without his leave. 

"That is quite right, my boy, and so we will go to him 
together," said the stranger. It was the painter Cimabue. 

Great was the wonder of old Bondone at such a sudden pro- 
posal; but he perceived his son's wish, though Giotto was fear- 
ful^of expressing it, and consented. He accompanied his son 
to u Florence, and there left his little Giotto under the painter's 
care. 

^_ His pupil's progress surpassed Cimabue's expectations. In 
delineating nature Giotto soon went beyond his master, to whom 
a good deal of the formality of modern Greek art, which he 
had been the first to cast aside, still clung. One morning the 
artist came into his studio, and looking at a half-finished head, 
saw a fly resting on the nose. Cimabue tried to brush it oft', 
when he discovered that it was only painted. 

"Who has done this?" cried he. half angry, half delighted. 

Giotto crept trembling from a corner, and confessed his fault. 
But he met with praise instead of reproof from his master, who 
loved art too well to be indignant at his pupil's talent, even 
though the frolic were directed against himself. 

As Giotto grew older, his fame spread tar and wide. Pope 
Benedict XI. sent messengers to him one day; they entered the 
artist's studio, and informed him of the pope's request that he 
should send a design for an intended church; for Giotto, like 
most of the artists of those early times, was an architect as well 
as a painter. He took a sheet of paper, fixed his elbow at his 
side, to keep his hand steady, and drew instantly a perfect 
circle. 

"Tell His Holiness that this is my design." said he; and with 
all their remonstrances, Giotto refused to give any other. Pope 
Benedict was a learned man; he saw that Giotto had given the 
best instance of perfection in his art; sent for him to Rome, 
and honored and rewarded him. "Round as Giotto's 0," became 
an Italian proverb. Giotto, as these stories testify, was a pleas- 
ant and humorous man. 

The talents of Giotto won him the patronage of the great of his 
country. He visited in succession Padua, Verona, and Perrara. 
At the latter city he remained some time painting for the Prince 
of Este. While there, Dante heard of Giotto, and invited liini 
to Ravenna, the abode then of the exiled Florentine poet. 
There also he painted many of his works, and funned a strong 
friendship with the great Dante. The poor sheperd-boy ofVes- 
pignano was now in the height of his fame. Admitted into the 
society of the Italian nobles, enjoying the friendship of the tal- 
ented men of his age — Dante, Boccaccio, and Petrarch — and 
admired by all, his was indeed an enviable position. He was. 
moreover, a good man. as well as great, loved by all his friends; 
and. as his biographer Vasari says, "a good ( 'hristian. as well as 
an excellent painter." He died at Milan in the year 1336, and 
was followed to the grave by the sorrow of his friends, his 
obsequies receiving those public honors which he so well 
merited. 



Why is a fashionably dressed lady like a careful housewife'' 
Because her waist (waste)is always as small as she can possibly 
make it. 




S. S. TJOSTIEOItT REPORT. 



Salt Lake City, December 3, 187?>. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor; 

By request, I furnish you a few items in relation 
to the monthly meetings of superintendents and teachers of Sun- 
day Schools held in this city. 

From the date of my last communication, these meetings have 
been held regularly, and the attendance has steadily increased. 
During the Conferences, with one or two exceptions, every county 
has been faithfully represented. The interest in the Sabbath School 
cause has now grown to proportions approximating, in some meas- 
ure, to its value and importance. The last Territorial report 
showed a large accession of both teachers and scholars. Some of 
the First Presidency, members of the Twelve, and many elders 
have visited these meetings and given excellent instruction — 
Elder George Q. Cannon presiding when his ether duties did 
not call him from the city — exhibiting, in turn, the value of statis- 
tics, the importance of punctuality, order and courtesy, the neces- 
sity of the practical observance of the Word of Wisdom, the 
cultivation of a habit of reading good and pure books, the benefit 
arising from literary and other associations, for the mental 
improvement and for the inculcation of the fundamental doctrines 
of our holy religion in the young and tender minds of the rising 
generation, the cultivation of music, singing and every gift and 
grace that shall enable them to adorn the society of the Saints of 
the Most High, and become fitting representatives of those prin- 
ciples of salvation that have been committed for the last time to 
the children of men preparatory to a reign of righteousness"and 
peace. 

Last evening, notwithstanding a severe storm, an excellent 
representation of the different schools in the city wards was given 
and the reports of the several superintendents were highly encour- 
aging, showing a large accession of teachers by following the sug- 
gestion of Prest. Geo. Q. Cannon, at a former meeting, to select 
names for teachers to be called by the Bishops to act in that capac- 
ity as a portion of missionary labor. The immediate and 
marked effect of this additional aid had been to cause enlarged 
numbers and renewed interest among the scholars, and a very 
pleasing and welcome stimulant to those previously enlisted in the 
good cause. 

The necessity of a simpler catechism for young children was 
urged by Elders Geo. Goddard, H. P. Richards and a number of 
other speakers, and an invitation was extended to all interested 
in their welfare to contribute questions and answers in the sim- 
plest manner on any interesting subject calculated to arrest their 
attention and impart instruction in a pleasing and easy form. 

Elder George C. Lambert made remarks in relation to the pub- 
lication of the ninth volume of the Juvenile Instructor, its 
enlargement from eight to twelve pages, with many proposed 
improvements at the usual price of subscription, and as a much 
larger circulation for the paper would be required in order to pub- 
tishjit without loss, he earnestly solicited the active interest of the 
superintendents of Sabbath Schools throughout the Territory. 

Supt. Geo. Goddard, in behalf of the meeting, stated that the 
superintendents of Sabbath Schools throughout the Territory 
should respond to the invitation to secure, by their active personal 
attention, an enlarged circulation of the Juvenile Instructor, 
than which there was no better work published in the interest of 
Sabbath Schools. 

He announced that Prest. Geo. Q. Cannon had obtained his seat 
in Congress as our delegate, and it was no longer a matter of faith, 
it was now a matter of fact. He invoked the blessing of God on 
his labors, which received a hearty response from all present. 

Meeting adjourned to first Tuesday in January, 1874, at 7 o'clock 
p.m. at City Hall. 

John B. Maibkn, 
Secretary Deseret S. S. Union. 



» i» 



"A.sJhonest man to law makes no resort. 
His conscience is the better rule of court. 





CTTT ^7" IE UNTIE I-i IE IITSTRUCTOR 




utntivnn and ^nswera 



BOOK 



OUST THE 

OB MOBMOIT. 




LESSON XLVII. 

Q. — How were the judges elected? 

A.— The people assembled in bodies, and cast in their voices for 
who should be their judges. 

Q. — How did the people feel? 

A.— Very much pleased because of this liberty of having judges 
from among themselves. 

Q.— How did they feel towards Mosiah? 

A. — They loved him more than any other man. 

Q.— What was the cause of this great love? 

A.— He had delivered them from bondage, and had established 
peace in the land. 

Q. — Who was appointed chief judge? 

A. — Alma. 

Q. — What other office did Alma hold? 

A. — The office of high priest. 

Q. — Who conferred this office upon him? 

A. — His father. 

Q.— What was the character of Alma's judgments? 

A.— He dealt righteous judgments, and kept the commandments 
of the Lord. 

Q.— How old was Alma's father when he died? 

A. — Eighty-two years. 

Q. — How old was Mosiah when he died? 

A. — Sixty-three years. 

Q. — How long did Mosiah reign? 

A. — Thirty-three years. 

LESSON XLVIII. 

Q.— At this time how long was it since Lehi and his family left 
Jerusalem? 

A. — Five hundred and nine years. 

Q.— By what laws were the people obliged to abide? 

A.— Laws which Mosiah had made and they had acknowledged. 

Q.— What came to pass in the first year of Alma as chief judge? 

A— A large and [powerful man was brought before him to be 
judged. 

Q.— What for? 

A.— He had been teaching doctrine contrary to the church. 

Q. — What was the nature of his doctrine 

A.— He said the priests should not labor, but should be supported 
by the people. 

Q. — What else did he teach? 

A.— He testified that all men should be saved at the last day. 

Q. — Did many believe on his words? 

A. — Yes, and they gave him money. 

Q.— What did he then do? 

A.— He wore fine clothing, and began to establish a church. 

Q.— Who did he meet as he was going to preach? 

A. — Gideon, a member of the church of God. 

Q. — Did he get auy advantage over Gideon? 

A.— No; Gideon admonished him with the words of God. 

y. — In what other place is Gideon mentioned? 

A. — He was an instrument in the hands of God of delivering 
Limhi and his people. 

Q. — How did this false teacher feel towards Gideon? 

A. — He was angry with him and commenced smiting him with 
his] sword. 

Q. — Was Gideon able to withstand him? 

A. — No; on account of his many years. 

Q. — Did Gideon escape? 

A. — No; he was slain. 

Q. — What was done to his murderer? 

A. — He was taken before Alma, to be judged. 

Q. — What penalty did Alma pronounce upon him? 
\. — He condemned him to death. 



T + 

Question*? anil %nnwtr$ 

03ST THE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 



LESSON XLVII. 

Q. — After the waters were turned into blood, what was the next 
plague the Lord sent amongst the Egyptians? 

A. — He sent frogs over all the land of Egypt. 

Q. — Did the magicians also bring the frogs* with [their enchant- 
ments? 

A.— Yes. 

Q.— Did Pharaoh fulfil his promise tojetjthe children of Israel 
go when the frogs were destroyed? 

A. — No; he hardened his heart as the^Lord had said. 

Q. — What next did Aaron do, according to the Lord's command 
to Moses? 

A. — He smote the dust of the land. 

Q.— What did it become? 

A. — Lice. 

Q. — Were the magicians successful as usual m imitating^Aaron? 

A.— No. 

Q.— What did they then say? 

A. — ''This is the finger of God." 

Q. — As Pharaoh's heart continuedjto be hardened, what was the 
next plague the Lord sent? 

A. — Swarms of flies. 

Q.— Was there any distinction made'this time, so",that Pharaoh 
might know that it was from the Lord? 

A. — "i es; there were no swarms of flies in the land of Goshen, 
among the children of Israel. 

Q. — Did Pharaoh then give his permission for the children of 
Israel to go into the wilderness? 

A. — Yes, only they were not to go fai away. 

LESSON XLVIII. 

Q. — What did Moses say to Pharaoh before he went to entreat 
the Lord that the swarms of flies mightdepart? 

A. — Not to deal deceitfully any more in^not letting the people 

Q. — As Pharaoh harder "d^his heart this time also what plague 
next did the Lord send 9 

A. — A grievous r..,irrain which destroyed all„the cattle of 
Egypt. 

Q. — How- many of the cattle belonging to, the children of Israel 
were destroyed? 

A. — Notone. 

Q. — What was the next plague? 

A. — Boils upon man and beast. 

Q. — What effect did the boils have on the magicians? 

A. — They could not stand before Moses. 

Q. — What was the next plague sent? 

A. — "Hail, and fire mingled with the hail, very^grievous." 

Q.~ What did the hail destroy? 

A. — Every living thing that was left in'the'field. 

Q. — Who were preserved? 

A. — Those that feared the word of thej Lord, 'and causea their 
servants and entile to flee into the houses. 

Q. — What part of the land escaped'from the hail? 

A.— The land of Goshen, where the children of Israel were,', 

Q.— What did Pharaoh then say, after he had sent for Moses 
and Aaron' 

A — "The Lord is righteous, and I and my people are wicked." 

Q.— What wnsjthe next plague sent, as Pharaoh still hardened 
nis heart' 

A. Locusts, which covered all the face of the land. 

Q.— What was the next plague? 

A. — Darkness, which was felt. 

Q. — How long did this last? 

A. — Three days. 





12 



JUYE1TILB IITSTBUCTOR. 




OTJB JUBILEE. 



Words by Mrs. E. H. Goddard. 
Moderate: 



Music by E. Beesley. 



K 
C 



^^EfEEi 



SE3 






=F 



*C=j= 



^=S=S: 



—is 1 r 1 — " 



Ac - cept the tribute 



ft V 



^ttz&^c. 



te^^^£^« 



of our hearts 



t^ 



S 






—tic 



Lord in 

-r—r 



r 

praise to 

■ ^-m P - 



thee, 



Fill J 



ztr 



± 



1 



»^^s — « — 1 — » — ^ — » — » 



=£» 



S 



•=«= 



s^^^i 



On this our Ju - bi- 








Filled with tin- joy thy grace imparts On this our Ju 



5E2t=SiI|ll 



bi •' 



^±i 



We ask Thee Father now to bless 
Our friends, who kindly strive 1 
To teach the way of happiness, 

The gospel truths to live. 



1 t 



That in that glorious Jubilee, 

When Christ our King shall reign; 

We all may meet Him gloriously, 
And sing in nobler strain. 



tf,0rresf 0it 



iicnce, 




Willard, Box Elder Co., 

November 20, 1873. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor. 

Dear Sir:— If it will not occupy too much space in 
the columns of your valuable paper, a few lines from this place 
may not be uninteresting to your readers. 

I am happy to state that our Sabbath School continues to flour- 
ish, and the number of attendants still increases. On Sunday, the 
16th inst., an examination was held, which many visitors attended, 
who were entertained with songs, accompanied with music from 
the organ of Prof. Evan Stevens, leader of the choir, and recita- 
tions, etc., from the pupils. Several young ladies learned and 
recited "Christ's Sermon on the Mount." Questions from the 
Catechism and Juvenile Instructor were also asked, and read- 
ily answered by the pupils; and the Ten Commandments were 
recited by the school in concert. Among the visitors was Elder 
Kichard Ballantyne, of Ogden, who delivered an interesting 
address on the progress of Sabbath Schools in, Utah, and encour- 
aged all to take an active part in such institutions. During the 
past summer there has been an average attendance of upwards of 
one hundred and thirty scholars, the teachers apparently realizing 
the importance of being punctual in attendance and alive to their 
duties. The Sabbath School "Gazette," edited by some of the 
pupils and read every alternate Sunday, is made highly interest- 
ing by the articles contributed to it. 

We gratefully acknowledge the ^receipt of a Book of Mormon 
and a volume of Miss E. R. Snow's poems, sent as presents to 
Master Charles R. Ward and Miss Elizabeth J. Cook, by Brother 
B. F. Cumraings, Jr., as prizes for essays written by them on the 
subject, "What should we be thankful to God for?" 
Very respectfully yours in the cause of Truth, 

James J. Chandler. 



EJNTIGMATIGAL 
OHARADE. 

BY B. 

I'm a literary character, of language a constructor, 
But never was nor will be in the Juvenile Instructor. 
Not an article in print appears but what my aid they use! 
Yet, I never appear and never shall in the Deseret Even- 
ing News; 
I'm always seen in the play— in the ball and matinee. 
In every advertising place and placard of the day. 
If I help to make a scapegrace, I take no part in dice, 
In drinking, smoking, idling, or in any other vice. 

So 111 help form a new character if I am more knave than 

fool: 
I'll make a sage— a man of mark— tho'.I never was in school; 
And, in Christmas week you'll see me, and hear" me in 

^APPLAUSE, 

In every ward and party, as they speak of Santa Claus! 



cru^EnsriLTZ! ft liTsxi^xjOTOj^ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, ™ 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. ]j 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & F 8LISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - - $2 00. 

jES-Omee in rear of General Tithing Office Building.'Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be ^directed 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




