
t h: e 




HOii vf as j»Q i»h£ £ojsx» 




VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE OUT, JUNE 1. 1876 



NO. 11. 



JDJ^^rXlD LIVINGSTONE. 




Tl^K have here the port-ait of a very remarkable i 

?! Livingstone, who was born at Glasgow, Scotland 
the present century. His grandfather was the owne 
in one of the islands 
of the Hehrides, and 
after raising a 
considerable family 
thee, he e:uoved to 
Blantyre. a town • n 
the banks of the 
beautiful river 
Clyde. David 
Livingstone at tin 
years of age was put 
to work in the cot t< n 
factory at B antyre, 
and it is said that at 
an early age he w s 
remarkable for his 
steady, plodding 
earnestness in lie 
pursuit ot know- 
ledge. At the a:.e 
of nineteen he was 
po noted to high- 
er work in the fac- 
tory, and with higher 
wa?e^. he was en- 
abled to ptir-iie a 
course of Rtndies in 

the in ed ical a I '1 

divinity classes dm. v 

i n g t h e w i n 1 1- r 

month-. Be after- 

wa rd 3 b ee a iii !• a 

"licentiate of tl e 
faculty of physicians 
and surgeons " and 
eventually became 
engaged with M*. 
Moffat, one of 1 1n- 
Lon d o n societies' 
missionaries a a 
laborer among the tril 
'rica. 



., Dr. 


F on 


IS-i 


r'v in 


Mabnf- 


1 w 


'laud 


prove 1 


lata 




ii to 1843 he was thus encager 1 , whin he moved to 
icre he had en encounter with a lion that nearly 
1 to liim. In fs44 he married the daughter of the 

veterm missionary, 
Moffat. From this 
time Livingstone be- 
came intimately ac- 
quainted with 
Sechele a chief of 
the Bakwiins and 
dwelt in his country, 
where he built a sta- 
tion with his own 
hanl . 

After Mime years 
spent in this manner 
Livingstone became 
an explorer, and it is 
in this capacity he 
became so famous. 
In Aug' -,1 4'.t the 
great Kalahari Des- 
ert was crossed and 
the hike X-ami 
discovered, by which 

a knowledge of un- 
known countries was 

opened lip to the 
world. 

It would he im- 
possible il all 

the "a' els of and 
,1K !0V II ies made by 

l.ivin - tone in all of 
his ar luous. journej 
ing, lie being buoj ed 
up !.\ n losirotobi no 
Hi ni inkind Travel 
ing throu [It plac m 
bes ■ wit li dan rer 

by w 'd and von 

,.ii- mituals a- well 
as by domestic iufln- 

h i I Vfii "'■ ' ' ' 

I, ,,,,,. ,,i ■ i- in ; f ii in iro Iii i 



% 





132 



J" TJ "V El UST I !_. E HTSTRTJCTOR. 




wonderful than any work of fiction. In his journal he tells of 
a people who ''believe the earth to consi-t of a thin, flat, 
pancake-like crust of matter, poised in space; and, for fear of 
breaking through this crust, and falling headlong into the 
fathomless depth that they suppose yawn for them below, they 
will never venture to dig deeper than the level of their chin. 
Whenever a flake or nugget of gold is uiet with, it i- pur back 
into the earth again under the impression that it forms [he 
seed of the gold. 

In 1857 Livingstone visited England where he was received 
with the highest enthusiasm; his book of travels was published 
and largely circulated. He had proved that the former nations 
of the great sandy deserts of Central Africa had no existence; 
that a splendid river crossed nearly two thirds of the continent 
of Africa, and that the African is capable of the influence of 
culture, in fact that he is human. 

Livingstone had won a name and a fame that would have 
satisfied most men, but he was a philanthropist. Hear his words, 
spoken at a gathering of men distinguished for mtA cctual 
ability: "I know that in a few years I shall be cut off in that 
country which is now open. Do not let it be shut again! I 
go back to Africa to try to make open a path for commerce 
and Christianity; do you carry out the work which T have 
begun. I leave it with you !" 

The hero went on his mission of mercy notwithstanding these 
forbodings. It would be impossible to tell the story of his 
doings in a short story of this remarkable man. The various 
learned societies paid their tribute of homage to hiui. Oxford, 
in addition to the (ilasgow M. I>. gave him the honorary 
degree of D. C. L. As to the sub-equent discoveries made by 
Livingstone, the story of Stanley so well known by the press 
of our country, these must be noticed in a future article. 



I 



i a r a p n u 



J" O S IS UP HHI S IMI I T HI , T BE IE 

PROPHET. 



k 



( Continued. ) 

Thk plates which the angel gave to Joseph were not far from 
eight inches wide and were not quite as thick as common 
tin. The writing or engraving was on both sides, and was 
small and beautifully written. They were fastened together in 
the form of a book by three rings running through the edge^ 
of all the leaves or plates. The volume was nearly six inches 
thick, and a part of it was sealed so that Joseph could not 
read or translate it. This part which was sealed has not been 
translated: but the Lord has promised that He will give it to 
His people when the proper time arrives. But we cannot 
expic: He will reveal more unto us, if we neglect that which 
He has already given to us. When the heavenly messenger, 
whose name was Moroni — the same prophet who had buried 
them— delivered the plates up to Joseph, he charged him that 
he should be responsible for them. He tr Id him that he 
should be cut off, if he let tl.em get out of his hands through 
carelessness or neglect; but if he would do his best to take 
care of them, until he should call fur them, they should be 
protected. 

There were good reasons for giving Joseph such strong 
'■'"""« to kepp the plates safe; for as soon as it became known 
tii - ..j hid them, men t-'-'l in every wav f o sret them awav 



from him. After having obtained them, and while carrying 
them home, two men, who had hid themselves for the purpose 
of robbing him of the plates, attacked him. Before Joseph 
saw them, one of them struck him with a club. But Joseph 
could not be handled very easily. He was twenty-one years 
old, and he was a large man. and very strong and active, and 
he succeeded in getting away from them. They chased him until 
he came near to his father's house, when they left him, very 
much disappointed, no doubt, that they had not got the plates. 

His life was in continual danger from the wicked; mobs 
frequently surrounded his house and tried to injure him. He 
was shot at several times; but he escaped. They tried in every 
way they could think of to get hold of the plates, and were 
continually telling all manner ot lies about Joseph. Being in 
danger of his life from those wieke 1 people where he was then 
living, he resolved to move into the State of Pennsylvania, 
where his wife's parents resided. Joseph, when he was about 
twenty years old, had been employed by a man, to go into 
Pennsylvania to work for him, and while there he boarded at a 
Mr. Hale's. Tie became acquainted with Emma Hale, the 
daughter of Mr. Hale ami he afterwards married her. 

When Joseph started for Penn.-ylvaniahe hid the plates in a 
barrel of beans in his wagon. He had not gone far before an 
officer overtook him with a search warrant. A search warrant 
is a paper which a Justice of the Peace makes out, to give 
a policeman or constable authority to search for stolen goods 
through the house or among the things of any person who 
may be suspected of stealing. Joseph had not taken anything 
that belonged to anybody eVe. and these wicked men knew 
that he had not; but the devil prompted them to try, in this 
way, to get hold of the plates. The officer searched the 
wagon very carefully; but he could not find what he wanted, 
at which he was very much disappointed. After this officer 
went back, another officer followed, and he also searched 
the wagon; but was no more successful that the first one was. 

Boys, you can see by reading this how many difficulties 
Joseph had to meet with to accomplish what the Lord had 
cummanded him to perform. Many men, if they had been 
shot at, and mobbed, and called all manner of names, as Joseph 
had been, would have been so frightened that they would have 
given up and not tried to do what the Lord required. But 
this was not the case with Joseph. He loved God, and he 
loved the truth, and he had faith in Crod and in His power to 
deliver him. He was as bold as a lion, and the whole world 
could not make him ashamed of the truth or afraid to dec! .'re 
it. Opposition did not scare him, for he knew that the Lord 
had the power to carry on His work and bring him off triumph- 
antly. 

After reaching Pennsylvania - , Joseph commenced copying the 
writing which was on the plates, and by the aid of the Urim 
and Thummim, he translated them. In February, 1S28, a 
gentleman by the name ot Martin Harris came to see Joseph; 
he had, before that, assisted Joseph with means to move from 
New York to Pennsylvania. He took the characters which 
Joseph had drawn nff. and the translations of some of them, 
and started with them to the city of New York. When he 
reached that city, he took them to a gentleman, who was widely 
kn/wn for his learning — a Professor Charles Anthon, who gave 
him a certificate that they were true characters, and that the 
translation was correct; but when he was told that Joseph had 
the plates revealed to him by an angel of God, he took the 
certificate and tore it up, saying there was no such thing now 
as angels coming to men. He also told Martin Harris, that if 
he would firing the plates to him. he would translate them. 



*"Vv A .. 






J XT "V" IE 1ST I I_i B I1TSTRUCTOE/ 



1S3 




He told him that he was forbidden to bring theui, and that a 
part of the plates was sealed. Mr. Anthon replied : "T cannot 
read a sealed book.'' He also took them to Doctor Mitchell 
who agreed with what Professor Anthon had said. If our little 
readers will look in their Bibles, and find the 29th chapter of 
Isaiah, and 'he 11th to the 14th verses, they will see that the 
Lord had predicted about this through the prophet Isaiah about 
2,500 years before it came to pa-s. 

{To lie Continued.) 



LETTERS TO OTTIR, CHIL- 
DREN. 



t'HOM A MISSIONARY IN N. C. 



D^ItTOTIsra- DERVISHES. 



Amonc the Mohammedans there are several order- of 
Dervishes who are governed by religious rules in a some- 
what similar manner to the order of monks anion;;' Christian'-'. 
The "Dancing Dervishes," a few of whom are represented in 
the engraving, appear to be more extravagant'}' absurd in their 
religious ceremonies than others known a.- Dervishes. The 
ceremony of spinning around like a top until quite prostrated 
by fatigue, is no uncommon thing in the devotions of these 
singular people. The priest is present during the ceremony to 
notiee the fervor and 
devotional < e-tacy of 
the performers. No 
musician- are present, 
but a rude kind of 
music is heard. In 
Mohaiumedau coun- 
tries the beating of a 
drum is music among 
the lower classes. 
The Dancing Deivish- 
es are dressed in long, 
loose garments reach- 
ing to the heels; these 
are distended like a 
balloon when filled 
with air in spinning 
round and round for 
twenty or thirty 
minutes at a time. 

And this is deemed to be a part of the religion of the 
ignorant Mohammedans; and there are thousands who believe 
that tin- sick are heale.l and diseasi - an- cured by contact with 
these Dancing Dervishes. How different these practices are 
to those enjoined upon us by the gos] el as seen among us as a 
people. We can hardly realize, living in these valley-, tie' dark- 
ness that exists in the world— darkness which i- not confined to 
the order of Dancing Dervishes. 




Hi- 
nd 
eat:' 



For what is food given.'' Toenable us to carry on tin tie 

sarv business of life, and that our support may be such a- our 
work requires. This is the use of food. Man eats and drinks 
thathe may work, therefore, the idle man forfeits his right t 
daily bread; and the apostle lays down a rule Moth ju-t 
natural, that "if any man will not work, neither ball In. 
but no sooner do we fall into abuse and excess, then weare -no- 
lo suffer for it in mind and in body, either with -icknes-. or ill 

temper, or vicious inclinations, or with all of tlem at once 
Man is enabled to work by eating what i- sufficient; be i- 
hindered from working, ami becomes heavy, idle ami stupid, if 

he take too much. A- to the bodily distempers that ar seu- 

>d by excess, there i- no end of them. 




[acain have the pleasure of a visit by letter. You are 
greatly favored in beimr born in Zion of loving parents who 
fear (bid and strive to keep His commandments. You may 
not appreciate this as you will do when in the future history 
of your lives you visit the world and see the opposite to that 
you have seen in our quiet valleys. Our brethren who ate 
out in the world teaching the principles of righteousness to 
a world who know nor Crod. are surprised and amazed at the 
wb kodne-s, hypocrisy and misery they see in their travels in 
so called Christian cities. Then they know how to prize their 
li'om-, and the privilege they have enjoyed in being born in 
/'mi. became they < xperience the difference. 

Let me give you a picture of gentile li'e. One cold and 
(rn-ty evening aftt r nm-i'i wn, I was in company with a brother 
missionary, waiting for a train at a lailway station, we leing 
on our travel.- towards ibis place where I am writing, although 
many miles away from In re. A circumstance OCCUred that may 

be of mtrest to you- 
Feeling ra'her cold, 
walking on the plat- 
form, we looked into 
the waiting room. 
It was not a very 
inviting place. A 
somewhat large, dirty, 
dull looking room 
with forms lor seats 
around the room. 
A large, cheerful log 
fire was burning in 
the fireplace, and 
around the begrimed 
walls were railroad 
time tables and ad. 
vi rtisements. A form 

bad been drawn up in 
front of the fire on 
which sat a woman and three or lour men. The woman was 
smoking a pipe and talking to a man who appeared to be a farmer 
■ind who was a -king her questions, the others were listening, 
A- we drew near we disi overed the woman was under the infill 
ence of drink, and was talking in a maudlin manner upon religion. 
giving her view- upon b and epioting from the Bible. We 
noticed in the room a pretty looking, bright eyed little girl 

who -eeined somewhat neglected, and who appeared to lie in 
terror of the woman, crying if she called her and afraid to 
come. The man cea-ed to talk with her and came over to 
where we were standing, silent spectators of the scene, lie 
was an ill elligent looking man. and as we stepped out on the 

platform be accompanied us and entered into conversation, 
remarking bow painful a scene it was to see an intelligent 

ami Well read Woman, as lie had found her to lie, in such a 

shocking, deplorable condition. He snid it was evident uho 
had -cen better d*ys, but Nil fallen wretchedly low. Our 
attention was -al ed to the little '.orbs cries, and seeing her run 
out on the platform in an agony of liar, away from her ther, 

who followed her to the door and c manded her to come 

hack to hpr directly. But she would not come, and si 1 al 

the end of the platform in team and terror. We returned to 
He wailing room, t-jni] athizing with i 



little l' ill ami lemon 





134: 



J-Q-VZEHSniLjIE IUSTBTTOTOR 




strated. We saw the child was induced to go back to her 
mother who sat on the form in front of the fire, and witnessed 
her pretend to caress the child folding her tightly to her 
bosom. Suddenly she gave her several blows in a most 
passionate and vindictive manner. We stayed the woman's 
hand and cried out shame, protesting against her ill using so 
shamefully the child, telling her she had no right to treat her 
so even if she was her mother. She sullenly desisted and 
t( ild her to get her a light for her pipe, but abused her no 
more while we were present. We sorrowfully mused ove r 
this distressing scene, what could make her hate the child 
with such vindictiveness? What a dreadful Hie fur that un- 
fortunate child ! How was it she had fallen so low? Might not 
all this have proceeded from the sin of disobedience? Surely 
the way of the transgressor is hard. This circumstance, dear 
children, is only one amongst thousands of sitniliar cases 
wherein the childhood of persons is a record of suffering 
and misery, the result of the wickedness (if mankind, ti.e 
children ot disobedience who follow after the lusts of the 
world, the pride of life, its senseless sohpistries in all its 
delusions vainly imagining that the way ot disobedience and 
death is the way of happiness. Little children, better things 
are expected of you undei the divine blessings of our Heavenly 
Father. l>u not, as you value your preseut and future hap- 
piness, follow after the children of disobedience, but he.ivken 
unto the testimony, counsel and instruction of your loving- 
parents and friends, that you may fie tli : beloved of <>od and 
assist in establishing a better order of tiling-', and that thnugh 
you the will of God niay be done iron the earth. Ho not 
form any bad habits, but keep yourselves pure and virtuous. 
If you must pattern after anyone, imitate the best people you 
know; and when your good sense tells you anything is wrong 
do not do it, but put it far iron your thoughts, not allowing 
yourselves to encourage bad thoughts. You will find the 
value of this counsel as you grow older. Ho not pride your- 
selves on being disobedient, nor associate with the disobedient, 
only as far as 3 - ou can influence them to be obedient by your 
example and precept, but calmly and resolutely lay the foun- 
dation of your lives in the truth and the right, being gentle, 
loving, kind and truthful, asking wisdom at the hands of our 
Heavenly Father, without whom we can do nothing. May 
you always be directed by His Spirit. Bro. Georue. 




Hnw they Gather Cocoanuts in Ceylon. — Coeoanut 
forests of thousands of acres an' spread over the plain back of 
(ialle. The trees run up without knot or limb from thirty to 
eighty feet, to the branches that tear the fruit. A matured 
tree is only about one foot to ;i loot and a half in circumference 
at the base, and it maintains nearly this size all the way up. 
IIo« i- the fruit gathered at such a hight? The coolies climb 
these trees like squirrels; they place a rope around the legs 
near the ankles so as to hold them in position around the tree, 
and then, without spur or other artificial help, the,- climb up 
with astonishing celerity, gather the fruit and drop it on the 
ground. A single tree produce- about a dozen cocoanuts and 

the coolie harvester is allowed for gathering the fruit of 

each tree. These coeoanut forestsare really beautiful, present- 
ing symmeterical growth, eraceful proportions and charming 
shade. The fruit itself with enclosed milk affords healthful 
food and cooling drink: it is a source ol considerable revenue 
from export; the fibre of the shell is largely utilized for the 
manufacture of cloth and rope. Next to coffee, the coeoanut 
s the most important product on this island. 



LUCK "VS. PLUCK 



BY ROLLO. 



" 117 ELL. lor my part, I don't mean to trust to luck for my 
' ' living. I intend to learn a trade as soon as possible, 
and then 1 will have something to fall back on." 

"Oh, well, of course you can do as you like; but I am never 
going to be under any man's dictation. I admire your pluck, 
my boy, but I'm going to trust to luck." 

"Whifh you will find a very slow affair to put your confi- • 
dence in." 

"Very well, we shall see who comes out best; but good-by, 
lor the present, as I promise! to be home early." 

The above conversation took place between Dan Andrews 
.in 1 Will Archer, as they lay one snnny afternoon, under the 
shady trees of Mr. Andrews' orchard. The parents of both 
were well- to-do people — not rich by any means, but very well- 
off with worldly goods. Both boys were anxious to get along 
in the world, but while Dan honored the old saying, "slow but 
sure," Will wanted to jump into a fortune at once. 

And so, while Dan was learning a trade, and gaining know- 
ledge nobody could take away from him, his young friend 
Will was still "waiting for something to turn up," instead of 
going to work and turning it up. 

After a while Mr. Archer ami family moved away to a 
neighboring city, and Will, of course, went with them. 

"Well, Dan," said Will as he came to bid him good-by, 
"we're off to-morrow, but I'll write often and let you know 
how I am getting along." 

"Yes, do," responded Dan; "but, my dear boy, can't I 
induce you to leave off your idea and start in with me? I have 
spoken to Mr. Stephenson about you, and he says that if you 
will c .me, he will give you a position. Of course the pay 
would be small at first, as it was with me, but what is the 
\ alne of mone> now compared with what it will be in future 
years?' ' 

"No, I cannot do it, I intend to follow out my first intention, 
come what may." 

"Very well, of course I can't make. vou alter your resolution, 
but, while I sincerely hope you will succeed, I must say I 
have my doubts. But good-by." 

"Good by," responded Will. And thus the friends parted. 

"I do wish," said Dan to himself as he was slowly walking 
homeward, after his day's work at the printing office the next 
evening, "I do wish that Will had given up his wild goose 
chase after luck, and accepted my proposition. I am sure it 
would lie for his own good." 

And time went on. Dan occasionally received a letter from 
Will who. to use his own words, "hadn't struck anything yet, 
but. expected to in a little while." 

Dan kept steadily at work, letting no opportunity slip by 

which he might gain a better knowledge of his trade. He 

watched his superiors and lived to excel them, keeping before 

him the adage, "things done by halves are never done right." 

* --- * * * * * * * * 

Five years passed, and the friends met once more. After 
the first greetings were over, Dan's first question was: 

' Well, how have you succeeded?" 

"Not very well, I'm sorry to say," responded Will, "how 
have you got on?" 

"Oh, very well; better than I expected, in fact. I've got 
a -nest egg' laid by, and about a week ago I became a journey- 
man." 





JUYBITIj^E INSTRTJCTOB. 




''How much does your 'nest egg' amount to?" 

''About a thousand dollars." 

"Is it possible?" asked Will, in astonishment. "I am sorry 
now that I didn't accept the offer you made about five years ago, 
for I find that lurk is but a phantom, while plush is a reality." 

At Will's request, Dan obtained for him a position in the 
office where he was working, and in a short time Dan was 
promoted to the position of foreman, while Will would be 
obliged to wait five loug years — the exact time he had wasted 
iu pursuing the phantom, ''luck'" before he could hope to be a 
journeyman. 

"Yes," said Will in a conversation with Dan a short time 
afterwards, "it has been Lick vs. I'i.ick, and Pluck has 
conquered, and always will." 



THIS IISTTEI^lSr^TIOlT^IL, 

EXHIBITION. 



OPINIONS OF THE PRESS. 




IN proportion to its size, Sweden has made the best exhibit in 
the Main Building of any country. In extent it almost 
equals that of Germany, and in orderly and effective arrange- 
ment it is nowhere surpassed. An unusual degree of interest 
attaches to it from the fact that very litde is known of Swedi h 
goods in this country, an 1 from the remarkable excellence of 
nearly all the articles displayed. 

Much of the excellence of the Swedish display is due to the 
efforts of the chief Commissioner, Mr. C. Juhlin Dannfelt, who 
has had experience at. nearly ail previous exhibitions, and had 
an earnest desire to have bis country outdo all her former 
efforts. Much the most striking and largest group is that of 
the iron and steel. Nowhere in the whole ExhiMtio'j — not 
even in the United States section — is there such an extensive, 
well arranged, and well classified show of these metals. Tweuty- 
eigbt exhibitors contribute, and among them are the two largest 
establishments in the kingdom, those of the Motola am! of 
Sandwik, which were not represented at any of the World's 
Fairs in Europe. Huge columns ami pyramids of iron and 
steel bars and pipes, great se e 'tis tower nearly to the roi f 
of the building, upon which are arranged tires, bars, ingots, 
etc. Collections of iron and pig metal, cases of nails, a reindeer 
made of spikes, huge railway axes, maps of the mining 
districts, and drawings of furnaces and machinery, are among 
the many things seen in this group. The arraugemen! of the 
articles i- such as to produce the best possible impression of 
the magnitude and excellence of this leading Swedish in- 
dustry. 

So little known is the Swedish porcelain in this country that 
there is scarcely an article exhibited, excepting o' course the 
most '-,,1111111111 table ware, that would not 1"' regarded as a 
desirable addition to any collection of ceramics. There are 

excellent reproductions of the old Palissy ware, not as g I. 

perhaps, as the works of Barbizct in the French section, the 
piece- being of no great size and the li ore- lacking somewhat 
in boldness and action, hut nevertheless showing a high degree 
of artistic excellence. The Parian ware is also very fine tin- 
work in vines and flowers being exquisitely delicate. There 
is a large vase in black and pold, from the bundles of which 

bang heavy wreaths of Hewers in Parian work that is remarkably 

fine. The tea set-, with black L'fol 1 1 M I .1 II' I delicate \ -all. I 

arabesques in white, are very pretty, as are the large white 
va-c- decorated with painted flowers. 



A rich show of furs is one of the most attractive objects. 
The woolen cloths displayed are of as fine quality as those in 
the English department, and from the absence of shoddy are 
much superior to those shown by the Germans. There are 
some good plain silks and cotton goods, and a very handsome 
variety of wall paper and glassware that is as good in quality 
as the best made in this country. Coarse paper in rolls for use 
between the walls of houses to make them warmer in winter, 
perfumery, kitchen furniture of polished brass, cutlery, tools, 
and hardware are among the many useful articles that show a 
h : gh degree of skill in their manufacture, and are obviously of 
excellent quality. Some of the finest carpenter work to be 
found in the Exhibition is shown in the two garden pavilions 
exhibited by a Stockholm maker. Numerous cases of matches 
form a prominent feature. Sweden furnishes nearly all of 
Eastern Europe with matches, and they were the first, I believe, 
to make a peculiar kind of match, which can only be ignited 
upon the prepared surface of the box in which they are packed. 
A large collection of marbles and other building stone illustrates 
the richness of the country in these materials, and a large table 
of red porphyry, with mosaic work in many colored stones 
forming a centre piece, shows the skill and taste of the Swedish 
artisans lining them. The jewelry of Gottland, mane of a 
bright marble which takes a very high polish, is attractive, and 
the hose section of a column of porphyry, and a taller and 
perfect column of gray granite, are noticeable objects. 

Returning now to the main body of the Swedish section, and 
passing numerous articles, one conies at last to what attracts 
the first notice of visitors, and that is the admirable groups of 
costumed figures illustrating peasant life. They are models in 
plaster, the faces and bands are painted, so that they are 
exceedingly lifelike. The costumes have all been actually in 
use by peasants, having been purchased directly from the 
wearer". Tl -■ ->rfNt who made the figures is Prof. Lodermann 
o 1 Stoekbo'm. a sculptor of established reputation. Such greal 
cave is taken to secure absolute correctness in details that when 
the hand of one of the figures was broken in transit, it was 
supplied by a cast taken from the hand of a Swedish girl in the 
employ of the Commission here Most oft he groups were made 
on from paintinss. The expressions of the countenances and 
the attitude of the figures are remarkably natural. One of the 
groups represents a hunter and bis family gathered in front of 
a dying elk that has just been shot. The face of the hunter 
expresses self-satisfied pleasure at the success of the chase, as 
('oes that of bis son. but the two women obviously sympathize 
w'th the dying beast, and the little girl hides her face in terror 
in h«r mother's- apron. Another admirable group is that of 
a La'.i'ander in his sledge, drawn by a reindeer, who stops to 
chat with a fin- -'ad woman carrying a baby slung to her neck 
in a sort of trough. 1 cannot mention in detail all these groups, 
an 1 wi'l on'y call attention in conclusion to that of the dead 
child and nno repres -nting the intercession of the wife of an old 
clock in ak or in hehalf of the suil ol a stalwart young fellow who 
has come tnask the hand of the blushing daughter. On another 
occasion I hope to speak of the Swedish exhibits in the Agri 
cultural ami Machinery I lalls, ami of the beautiful schoolhouse 
in which the educational display is m ide, 



W 1 1 1 > I \ I :h makes a '-'real fll.MS about doing good, doe- \eiv 

little: he who wishes to lie 3een and noticed when he >s doing 
good, will noi do q long; he who mingles humor and caprice 
with it will do it badly. He who only thinks of ovoidiutr faults 

and reproaches, will never acquire \ ill lie. 





J- XT V E JST ILE INSTRUCTOR. 




uremic ^Itisimuor. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. EDITOR- 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 1, 187G. 



ZEIDITOIR,!^.!!. THOUGHTS. 





£a^Er>aSft! HK disputes about the land grants, men- 
tioned in our last number, continued for 
some time, when, to make the association 
B"V\N more effectual, a military organization was 
TW*^*''; formed, of which Ethan Allen was chosen 
leader. The members were known as the 
"Green Mountain Boys." Th governor 
of New York called them a mob. and at 
different times rewards of fifty and one 
hundred pounds were offered for the arrest of 
Allen, and smaller sums for others who were 
with him. But he was not arrested. These 
men doubtless, religiously and sincerely believed, 
as their ancestors did, that "resistance to tyants 
was obedience to God." The resistance to New York 
was kept up until the revolu'ionary war broke out; 
then the "fireen Mountain Boys" had other duties to 
perform. They had other loes to contend with than their 
neighbors. Ethan Allen led 230 of them against Ticonderoga, 
a fort on the New York shore of Lake Champlain. His force 
consisted of 270 men, He captured the fort on the 10th of 
May, 1775. He succeeded in getting into the fort before the 
commander was out of his bed. and a- the latter emerged from 
his quarters, he was met by Colonel Allen, who demanded the 
surrender of the fort. Captain Delaplace asked by what 
authority. Allen's reply is very familiar. It was: "In the 
name of the great Jehovah and the Continental Congress." 

In an attempt afterwards to capture Montreal he was taken 
prisoner by the British, placed in heavy irons, sent to England, 
and was kept for two years and eight months. During a 
portion of this time he was fronted with great severity. His 
suffering? were very great. He was threatened with death' 
and had no rca c on to expect anything else. A British officer 
of high rank offered to make him a colonel of a regiment in 
the British service, if he would accept and join the enemies 
of his country. He also promised him money and a grant of 
lands wherever he chose to sel< ct it. Colonel Allen replied, 
saying among other th'ngs: "that I viewed the offer of land 
to be similar to that which the devil offered Jesus Christ: to 
give Him all the kingdoms of the world if he would fall dow'i 
and worship him, when at the same time the miserable soul 
had not one foot of land upon earth to give." He was finally 
exchanged for a British officer, and immediately started for 
Yalley Forge, where Gen. Washington and the army were 
encamped. He offered his services in behalf of his country, 
and obtained leave of absence to visit his home. He was 
received there with great rej icing. 

While he was a prisoner the people of Vermont asked to be 
admitted as a State into the Union then formed. New Yo>k 
resisted this. Strange is it not, that a people who were strug- 
gling for freedom themselves should deny the same boon to 
Others? But so it was. The contest finally became so fierce, 
and the result so uncertain, that a convention wis called. The 
delegates met, and on the 15th of January, 1777. Vermont 
as declared independent. But Vermont was not admitted 



as a State until 1791. During that long interval she vigoro U5 b' 
and continually plead for admission ; but New York as vigor- 
ously and continually opposed her. Utah should not be dis- 
couraged because her prayer for admission has not yet been 
heard. Vermont succeeded in getting her rights after years of 
persistent pleading, and so will Utah. 

In 1 77s Governor Clinton of New York issued a proclamation, 
in which he said that that government "would vigorously 
maintain its rightful supremacy over the persons and property 
of those disaffected subjects,' meaning the settlers on the New 
Hampshire grants, the people in fact of Vermont. Colonel 
Allen was in Vermont shortly after this, and he published an 
address to the people in answer to Clinton. He said the pro- 
clamation was mere "sophistry" slid designed "only to deceive 
the woods people. " He closed his address by the following 
appeal to hi.- followers: 

' You have experienced every species of oppression which 
the old government of New York, with a Tryon at its head, 
eoul, 1 inveut and inflict; and it is manifest that the new govern- 
ment aie minded to follow nearly in their steps. Happy is it 
for jou that you are fitted for the severest trials! You have 
been wonderfully supported and carried through thus far in 
your opposition to that go\ ernment. Formerly you had every- 
thing to fear from it, but now little; for your public character 
is established and your cause known to be just. In your early 
struggles with that government you acquired a reputation for 
bravery; this gave you a relish for martial glory, and the British 
invasion opened an ample field for its display, and j"ou have 
gone on conquering and to conquer until tall grenadiers are dis- 
mayed and tremble at vour approach. Your frontier situation 
often obliged you to be in arms and battles; and by repeated 
marchings, scoutiugs, and manly exercises your nerves have 
become strong to strike the mortal blow. What enemy to the 
State of Vermont, or New York land monopolizer, shall be 
able to stand before .you in the day of your fierce anger?" 



E1TTOMOLOGY. 



RV \V. I). JOHNSON, JUN. 



Rfmdes two proper eyes, many winged insects have one. two 
or three little eyes or eyelets, on the crown of the head. 
Examine a wasp or bee and you will find th>-ee eyelet- between 
the two large ones. 

Insects proper have six legs, which are attached to the thorax, 
one pair of legs to each ring of which the thorax is composed. 
The legs consist of a hip joint, or trochan'er, hy which the leg 
is fastened to the body, the thigh, fheshank. and the foot, which 
is composed of five joints called tarsi, and have claws at their 
extremity. 

The wings of insects are two, four or wanting; for example, 
flies are two winged as their name indicates — diptera, two wings. 
A'l wasps and bees are four winged, while some insects as the 
fleas, bed hues etc., have none at all. Some insects have a 
sting, which oon-i-ts of a sharp instrument covered by a sheath 
and connei ted with a sac of poison in the body; the insects use 
this only as means of defense. Other have a piercer for making 
holes, some of the crickets make holes in the ground and then 
lay their eggs in them, a certain family of ichneumons make 
holes in wood and some, as the saw-fly, nj leaves. The piercer 
generally consists of two or three little saws, in a scabbard; the 
scientific name of it is ovipositor, meaning an instrument for 
depositing egi:s. 





CTTJ'VE3SriX J E IlSrST'RL'CTOR. 



127 




Insects do not breathe like the higher animals, through the 
nostrils, hut have little breathing holes, called stigmata, aloug 
the sides of the body which are generally nine in number. 

The heart is also different from other aninialt-; it consi.-ts of a 
long tube lying just under the back, with little valves in it. The 
blood, which is yellow or colorless, is pushed from the hinder 
part forward, but not back again. The blood does not circulate 
in arteries or veins, but when it is pushed forward to the head 
it then returns and mixes with the fluids of the body, comes 
in contact with the air holes or stigmata, becomes supplied with 
oxygen, and thus nourishes and builds up all parts of the body- 
Insects are produced from cges. From the egg to the adult 
state most iti- 



ea: and appear dead, while others both move and eat. These 
latter are called nymph-. In making the final change, they 
burst their covering and come forth beautiful winged insects. 



JAPA1T ESE TEMPLE. 



TN all ages and among all people there has been a disposition 
tn honor the Deity by erecting buildings and dedicating 
them tn Tlim a- | lace* of worship. The same feeling that 
prompted men lu pi'e up huge blocks of .-tone as seen in 
druidicul placjs of devotion and sacrifice in Europe* have 
influenced our race in Asia. Africa and other parts of the 

- earth. AVetind 





sects pass 
through three 
great changes i f 
form andhabits: 
these changes 
are called trans- 
formations or 
metamorphoses, 
which are so 
different that 
the same insect 
might be mis- 
taken for as 
many animals. 
From t'ie egg 
deposited by the 
butteifly, moth 
or other insect a 
worm is hatch- 
ed; in this state 
it is cal'ed a 
larva, which is a 
Latin w o r d 
meaning niai-k, 
as the insect is 
in a masked 
condition, and 
still has all the 
organs of the 
perfect insect. 
The larva spends 
most of its time 
in eating and 
growing; it is 
CO vered with 
several layers of 
.-kin. so that 
when it becoru 1 s 
U o large f r the 
first one it ciav.1 

0U( ofil and leaves it like a worn out garment. After a while the 
seen ml -kin In. 11 is too mall. at. d to it n i ented'y ca.'ts its 
skin until it gets its growth. Wh n the time come' for it to pass 
the second change, it quits eating and prepare- for it: these 
preparations are as numerous a-, the different kinds of insects; 
Mime spin themselves a silken covering called a cocoon, others 
descend into the earth where they remain for several years 
before they acquire wings while others make a co\ eriflgof leav s 
and with some the last skin becomes hard ami tough and 
encloses them as in a case. In this state they are known as pupa 
chrysalides. Most insects while in this state neither move nor 



a difference in 
1 1, •■ mode of 

I liiMing such 
places on ac- 
count of thedif- 
f' ence in civil- 
ization; as men 
have advanced 
in tie arts mi 
they have made 
those nit- sub- 
servient to 'he 
higher feetrqge 
of their nature 
by e ree ting 
superior edi- 
fices lor the 
worship oft lull. 
Although the 
Japanese are as 
far advanced as 
W3 aie in some 
things pertain- 
ing to eiviliza- 
t : on, their style 

of architecture 

is different to 
that of our coun- 
try or that of 
lvi op '. Then 
again their re- 
ligion is differ- 
ent to ours, and 
this also ha- an 
influence upon 
th ■ir style. The 
Japanese Tin 

|i .• is de\ ote! 

in rclig'ous wor- 
ship in accord- 
ance with Buddhism This form of religion was introduced 

hit i Japan in A. I >. 552. more than 1. loo years ago, and it'is 

not wonderful that the people venerate Buddhism, especi- 
ally as tlun: i.j so in luh that is good in it ami they have .not 

yet heard of anything belter. 

Japan is called by the inhabitants Nipon, which means" "the 
land "f tin- rising -iin." 'fhe people of that land an- a wonder 
ful people; Mime of their leading men have visited tin- oity 
a- they |in--o'l arm-- this continent to visit the east. Some 
of* their young noblemen nre being educated in our eastern 
colleges. Let us hope some of them may hear of the gospel tl 





128 



J TJ "V" IE 1ST I X, e iitstructob 




has been restored to the earth in our day, and carry the ''glad 
tidings" to "the land of the rising sun.'' 



#W$L 



mmca. 



BY a. M. o. 



THE MASTODON AND THE HORSE. 




" 4 .mi it came to pass that we did find upon the land rf 
IX. promise 'America) as we journeyed in the wilderness, 
that there were beasts iu the forests of every kind, both the 
cow and the ox and the ass and the horse, and the wild goat, 
and all manner of wild animals y hi ;h were for the use of man" 
(Book of Mormon, v. 45, page 44). 

This and many similar passages in the Book of Mormon has 
been ridiculed and scouted at by the learned world time and 
again, as a preposterous and improbable assertion, totally disa- 
greeing with all geological and scientific research. We say it 
has been, for fortunately for the cause of truth during the last 
few years, the keen and searching inquiry of geologists and 
explorers have brought to light astonishing results f then- 
labors, particularly as relating to the fossil remains of animals 
long considered unknown to the pre-historic inhabitants rf 
America. In a former chapter we referred to the remains of 
the mastodon- found in Mexico by excavators, mingled with 
ti e works of man: also to Mr. Southall's notable instances that 
the mammoth or mastodon bad been delineated by races who 
bad lived at no very remote date; first by the builders of the 
ancient Central American cities; second, by the mound builders 
(whom he shows to have lived not more than fifteen hundred 
years ago ). A descriptive pamphlet of the "Leviathan Miss- 
ouriensis" (Missouri Leviathan) published in London in Js42. 
by Albeit Koch, rives the Indian traditions relating to the 
mastodon. The Shawnee tradition was that ten thousand 
moons ago. when nothing but gloomy forests covered the land, 
a race of animals was in being, so huge in bulk they crushed 
the pine beneath their feet, and demolished the waters of the 
like- in slaking their thirst. The javelins and arrows hurled 
at thern foil harmless from their sides. So ravenous and des- 
tructive these animals became, that a cry of universal distress 
was raised by the inhabitants of the land, when the Good 
Spirit interposed to save the unhappy people, and destroyed 
the destroyers. The Osage Indians relate that there was a 
time when the red men durst not venture into the forest to 
bunt on acc unit of these animals, and the people consequently 
wore reduced to great distress. Numerous battles were fought 
by the natives with the animals, in which many on both sides 
were killed. One of the greatest of these battles was fought 
mi the l!:- r Bone river. Missouri, and there the natives offered 
up the slaughtered animals as a burnt sacrifice to the Great 
Spirit. The Creeks allege that these animals were of frightful 
magnitude, and formerly lived on the eastern plains but wore 
gradually driven by the inhabitants westward. They destroyed 
all the smaller animals, and if their agility had been equal to 
their size, the people wo'ild also bare been destroyed. 

Mr. K. disinterred the remains of two animals the size of 
the elephant, one in Gasconade County, Missouri, and one in 
Benton County, in the same State. With the skeletons he 
found arrow heads and other indisputable evidences that the 
ni in -il ~ had been destroyed by man. 



In the American Naturalist for May, 1874, Professor O. C. 
Marsh has an article on ''Fossil Horses in America." He says 
the remains of equine mammals found in the deposits of this 
country, represent more than double the number of genera and 
species found in the strata of the eastern hemisphere. The 
fossils are found chiefly in the ancient lake basins of Wyoming 
and Ftah. These lake fossils are of the miocene and pliocene 
periods. Here the Professor discovered in INTO many new 
species of animals, among; which was a gigantic pachyderm, 
nearly as large as the elephant; also the genus anchitberium. 
one of the ancestors of the horse. ( >ne of the peculiarities of 
this animal was that it had three toes, all of which touch the 
ground. 

Above the miocene, in the pliocene beds, beiug of more 
recent age, the horse family reached its greatest devrlopment. 
Here was discovered no less than six different kinds of fossil 
horses, most of them of the "bipparion" typo, which has two 
small posterior toes, in addition to the usual one in the recent 
horse. 

In 1S71 a pliocene basin was explored by the same gentleman 
in Tdaho, containing fossils of mammals principally of the ele- 
phant and horse kinds. During the same year the party 
explored a miocene deposit containing many fossils, in eastern 
Oregon. Be-ides the rhinoceros, animals related to the swine 
family and quadrupeds allied to the horse were most abundant. 
In the pliocene beds which overlie the above stratum in the 
same region, fossil horses were especially abundant, no less 
than six species heine found, as well as two extinct camels, a 
large rhinoceros, and the remains of many carniverous animals. 

At Antelope Station, I T . P R. P., the fossil remains of a 
horse were found, which, although a full grown animal, was 
not larger than a fox. At the same place the remains of an 
animal like a hog were found. Altogether, twenty-seven spe- 
cies of fossil horses have been discovered in this country. 
Writers of natural history in days gone by stated that "the 
horse was a gift from the Old World to the New," but whole 
races of horses lived and perished in America previous to the 
discovery by Columbus. Twenty-one species belonging to 
the hor-e family now are in the Yale Museum. These animals 
varied in size from the delicate creature, no larger than a fox 
to those larger than any now existing, and show a marked 
gradation of form among them, especially in the change from 
several toes to one. as in the modern horse. The earliest form 
in the eocene period bad four toes (hoofs): in the miocene they 
had three toes, all of which reached the ground; in the plio- 
cene period they still bad ti.ree toes, but two of the three were 
smaller than the front one, .somewhat like the posterior hoof's 
of the deer and ox, and did not touch the ground: the most 
recent forms had but a single toe or hoof, like the modern 
horse. 

During the year 1873 Pr. Ilayden made a survey of the 
territories. In a review by the professor he publishes the results 
of the various discoveries by the different expeditions in the 
"bad lands" covering a greater part of Nebraska, Pakota and 
Colorado, an area of 100.000 to 150,000 square miles embracing 
the great ancient lake basin which contain the far famed bone 
deposits. The fossil deposits found in this territory are very 
numerous, of which at least seventy specimens are new to 
science. On the White Earth river, associated with the remains 
of turtles are these of a number of ruminants all extinct, but 
possessing peculiar characters which ally them to the deer and 
the hog. On the Niobrara River is another remarkable animal 
grave yard. Several species of extinct camels and a great variety 
of the horse family characterize the fauna. One of the horses 





-^ 



L^ 



JUVBITILB INSTRUCTOR 



129 



was about the size of the common domestic animal, while an- 
other allied from is about the size of a Newfoundland dog; this 
species was provided with three hoofs to each foot. Dr. Leidy 
has identified twenty -seven species of the horse family, known 
to have lived on this continent. Besides f >xes and wo'ves, five 
varieties of the cat family and three of the hyena existed. In 
Kansas and Wyoming, Professor Cope spent considerable time 
under the auspices of the survey in exploring another of these 
wonderful bone deposits of cloven footed quadrupeds. A 
great many species were found; some were nearly intermediate 
between the deer and the hog in structure; several species of 
horses were lhing during the same period. The carnivorous 
species were not rare. Included in the fourteen, are tiger eats 
and dogs as large as the b'ack bear. 

We refer the readers to Prof. Ilayden's report (I*. S. Geo- 
logical Survey of the territories) for a more minute and inter- 
esting description of these wonderful discoveries sufficient in 
themselves to establish the facts beyond all controversy that 
the animals mentioned in the Hook of Mormon existed on this 
continent, and were known to and made useful aids by the 
early inhabitants. 

Respecting the origin of animals, we find many theoretic 
opinion-, which may be classified as, those who advance the 
theory of successive developments, or the gradual advance- 
ment during a long series of ages of animal life from monads, 
zoophitesand fishes; those who suppose that animals were 
created in their present forms in the various localities where 
we now find them; and a third class who form their opinion 
from the Scripture, and consider them to have been cre- 
ated in one spot, from whence they wen- dispersed over the 
world. 

The first i if these op'uionsunivt rsal experience haslohg ago set 
aside; with the second, natural history fails to solve the prob- 
lem, and our only safe reliance therefore is the Pentateuch of 
Moses, which (jives us very precise authority, relating the his- 
tory of the universal d Ins . which destroyed men and all the 
animals on the surface of the bind except a certain number 
preserved in the ark. This narrative cannot be doubted. 
Nearly every n ition of the globe, now in existence or of a pre- 
vious exir-tenco, entertains the same traditionary belief. With 
this fact before us. and th • final stranding of the ark on Ararat 
we can ea^i'y see how natural it would be for the released ani- 
mals to di.-per.-c and scatter over the land; intact, so long a 
time elapsed between the stranding of the ark and the division 
of t ie earth in the days of l'eleg (See our chapter on Peleg) 
that there was sufficient time for animals to reach the most 
distant parts of the habitable globe. McCulloh estimates that 
the time allowed for the emigration of animals to all part- of t'ie 
earth was abundantly sufficient to have enabled the slow-moving 
animal called the sloth to reach America. With this n ason- 
able view of the post-diluvian history we can consistently see 
the natural manner by which the world was re-stocked with 
land animals, wild and domestic. 




Idleness. — It is no more possible for an idle man 
together a certain stock of knowledge, than it is pos 
keep together a stock of ice exposed to the merid 
Every day destroys a fact, a relation, or an influence; 
only meth. d of prC3!-viiiL' the bulk and value of the | 
i (instantly ;u ding to it, 

Eachi w the idle life! 

Flee, lice from lei ult nought! 
Fur never was there idle brain 
Hut bred an idle thought. 



to keep 


-sible to 


lan ~u ii. 


and the 


lile is bv 



^jutsttongi anil jj^nsucrji 

ON" TIHIIE 

t30o:k: oe 1 ivr. o ir, :vr_ o it 



LESSON (VIII 

Q. — When Nephi saw the wickedness of the people, what did 
be do? 

A — He went and bowed himself to the Lord 

Q. — After lie had prayed all day what did he hear? 

A. — 1 he voice of the Lord, telling him that the time of the 
coming of Jesus was close at hand 

Q. — When was'the sign to he, seen, which Samuel had promised? 

A.— That very night 

Q. — "When the sun went down and there was no darkness, what 
effect did it have n| the people? 

A. — They were astonished, and many of the unbelievers in 
Samuel's prophecy, fell to the earth as if dead. 

Q. — When this sign had been given, and the people knew that 
Christ had come, what did they do? 

A.— They were converted unto the Lord, and were baptized. 

Q. — What can you say of the Gadianton robbers in the fourteen 
3-ears following the coming of Christ' 

A. — They were very numerous and threatened_ destruction to 
the Nephites. 

Q. — In the sixteenth year from the coming of Jesus Christ, 
what message was received from these robbers? 

A. — Their leader, Giddianhi. sent a letter to Laehoneus, asking 
him to give up the lands of the .Nephites to the robbers. 

Q.— What did Giddianhi threaten to do unless his demands 
were complied with* 

a.— To avenge the wrongs of his people and to destroy the 
Nephites. 

Q.— Did Lachoneus do as Giddianhi demanded? 

A —jSTo; he warned the Nephites of their iniquity, an I i chorted 
them to pray to the Lord for forgiveness and deliveran 

OIT THE BIBLE. 



Q._What was Jonathan to say to his father if he missei David 
at the feast? 

A.— That he had earnestly asked ieave «: him that hi might 
run to Bethlehem, his city. 

Q.— For what purpose' 

A. — To attend a yearly sacrifice then for all the family. 

Q.— What did David tell Jonathan concerning what Pa ' should 
then say'' 

A — "If he say thus, it is well; thv servant shall have peace: 
but if In- he very wroth, tl en he sure that evil is determined bj 

him." 

Q._What else did David say to Jonathan' 

A. — '-Therefore thou shall deal kindly with tby servant; f! r thou 
hast brought thj servant into a covenant of the Lord with thee: 
notwithstanding, it thro be in mo iniquity, slay me thvself; for 
why shouldst thon bring me to thy father!" 

Q.— What did Jonathan do? 

A.. — He made a covenant with David. 

Q._What was the nature of tin vennnt? 

A —That he should show kindness to Da> I mse for 

ever. 

Q._ What did Jonathan require of David' 
\ _ To swear again hi* covenant of friendship. 

(j —Why did Jonathan do this? 

A.— Because ho loved Da\ id a- ho loved his own sou). 

Q. — What answer (lid ihev make' 

A. —That David should stuv hid three dav*. ■ ■' that 

Jonathan was to let him know how Snu' fell toward- hue. 

Q.— How did Saul act when he missed David from 'lie table 

the second day? 

A His anger was kindled again*! Jonathan and he required 
him to bring Dm id that he migi.t be slain. 





130 



jrTJ^TEnNriIL.E '•HTSTBTJOTOR 




LIVING- BY OJSTIE'S WITS. 



r 




\JlNE person- sailed from Basle down th a Rhine. A Jew who 
i\ wished to go to Schalauipi was allowed to come onboard 
andjourn y with then', en condition that he would conduct 
himself with propriety, an 1 , give the captain eighteen kreutzers 
for his passage. 

Now, it is true something jingled in the Jew's pocket when 
he struck his hand against it; but the only money there was 
therein was a twelve-kreutzer piece, for the other was a brass 
button. Notwithstanding this, he accented the offer with 
gratitude: for he t.iought to himself "something may be earned, 
even upon the water. There is many a man who has grown 
rich upon the Rhine. 

During the firsi part of the voyage, the passengers were very 
talkative and merry; and the Jew. with his wallet under his 
arm — for he did not lay it a-ide — was the object of much mirth 
and mockery, a.-, ala-I is often the case with those of his nation. 
Rut as the vessel -ailed onward, and passed Thurrington and 
Saint Veit, the passengers, one after the other, grew silent, 
and gazed down the river, until one spoke out: — 

"Come, Jew; do you know any pastime that will amuse us? 
Your fathers must have contrived many a one during their long 
stay in the wilderness." 

"Now is the time," thought the Jew. "to shear my sheep!" 
And he proposed that they should -it round in a circle, and 
propound curious questions -to each other, and he, with their 
permission, would sit down with them. Those who could 
not answer the questions, should pay the one who propounded 
them a twelve-kreutzer piece: and those who answered them 
pertinently, should receive a twelve-kreutzer piece. 

The proposal pleased the company, and hoping to divert 
themselves with the Jew's wit or stupidity, each one asked at 
random, whatever entered his head. 

Thus, for exam tile, the first one asked: — "How many soft 
boiled eggs could the giant Goliath eat upon an empty stomach?" 

All said that it was impossible to answer that question, and 
each paid over his twelve kreutzers. 

But the .Jew said, "One; for he who has eaten one egg cannot 
cat a second one 'in an empty stomach,'' and the other paid 
him twelve kreutzers. 

The second thought, "Wait Jew. audi will try you out of the 
New Testament, and I think I shall win my piece : Why did 
the Apostle Paul write the second epistle to the Corinthians?" 

The Jew said: — "Because he was not in Corinth, otherwise 
he would have spoken to them." So he won another twelve 
kreutzer piece. 

When the third found the dew so well versed in the Bible. 
he tried him in a diff": -nf way. 

"Who prolong- his work to as great a length as possible, and 
yet completer it in timi '.'" 

"The rope maker, if h- is industrious." -aid the Jew. 

In the meanwhile they drew n°ar to a village, and one said 
to the other. "That i- Bam'ach " — 

Then the fourth asked, "In what month do the people of 
Bamlach eat the least?' 

The dew said. "In February, for that has only twenty-eight 
days. 

The fifth said. "There are two natural brothers, and still only 
one of them is my uu sle 

The Jew said: "The uncle is your father's brother, and your 
father is not your uncle. ' 

A fish now jumped out of the water, and the sixth asked, 
"What ti-h have their eyes nearest together?" 

The -Uivr said, "The smallest." 



The seventh asked, "How can a man ride from Basle to Ren e 
in the shade, in the summer time, when the sun shines?" 

The Jew said: "When he comes to a place where there is no 
.-hade, he must dismount and go on foot." 

The eighth asked: "When a man rides in the,winter time 
from Berne to Basle, and has forgotten his gloves, how must he 
manage so that his hands shall not freeze?' 

The .Jew said: "He must make fists out of them." 

The ninth was the last. This one asked: "How can five 
persons divide five eggs so that each man shall receive one, 
and still one remain in the dish?" 

The Jew said: "The last must take the dish with the egg, 
and can let it lay there as long h° pleases." 

But now it came to his turn, and he determined to make a 
good sweep. After many preliminary compliments he asked 
with an air of mischievous friendliness, 

"How can a man fry two trouts in three pans so that a trout 
may lay in each pan?" 

No one could answer this, and one after the other gave him 
a twelve kreutzer piece. 

But when the ninth desired that he should answer it himself, 
he frankly acknowledged that he knew not how the trout, could 
be fried in such a way ! 

Then it was maintained that this was unfair in .the Jew, but 
he stoutly affirmed that there was no provision for it in the 
agreement, save that he who could not answer the questions 
should pay the kreutzers, and fulfilled the agreement by paying 
that sum to the ninth of his comrades who had asked him to 
solve it himself. But they all being rich merchants, and 
grateful for the amusement which had passed an hour or two 
very pleasantly for them, laughed heartily over their loss and 
at the Jew's cunuing. 






BY HUGH KNOI'UII. 



CHAPTER XI. 



On looking at a map of the world you will observe that the 
islands called New Zealand lie pretty nearly in the same 
position in the southern as Utah does in the northern hemis- 
phere; or, in other words, supposing the people in Utah could 
dig a hole <<uite through the earth; they would come out on 
the other side not very many miles distant from New Zealand. 
This is the reason we speak of New Zealand and Australia as 
our "Antipodes" — this last word meaning, feet to feet. Not 
only is the country which we are describing nearly opposite 
to Utah in geographical position, but in many other ways. 
Just think, now, that when it is night in Utah, and you are 
tucked up snugly in bed, fast asleep, the people in New Zea- 
land are wide awake (or ought to be,) and busy about their 
daily occupations. This seems strange but it is nevertheless true, 
for when it is day in Utah it is night in that country. Another 
strange and curious thing for the j'tveniles in I'tah to 
think of at Christmas or New Year's time, when they are 
gathered around a red-hot stove to obtain as much warmth as 
possible, or perhaps out, wrapped up in furs and other warm 
clothing, enjoying a good sleigh ride on the beautiful snow, 
is that just then the folks at "our antipodes" are com- 
plaining of the great heat, walking about in the lightest cloth 
ing, and would not willingly go within twenty yards of a fir 





CTTT^ZEICTIXjIE] instructor 



±31 




Si 



But this is also a fact; for the seasons — spring, summer, autumn 
and winder are exactly opposite here to what they are in Utah. 
There are many other peculiarities opposite to what are found 
in Utah, which "Hugh" will not describe here but in their 
proper places as we journey along. 

Now don't you think it is very nice to know and understand 
all about these curious things which occur in different parts 
of the world, like that which has just been described? No 
doubt you say, "Yes, it is very interesting." Then take this 
alvice, and study geog apby. or. as this word mean-, a descnp 
tion of the earth, and then you will soon know the causes of 
all the wonderful things that happen in the different parts of 
this earth. It is not dull and tiresome like some studies, but 
on the contra -y, amusing and interesting, and withal very useful. 
The last chapter concluded with a brief description of the 
mountains of New Zealand, and now we will describe the vol- 
canoes of this strange and beautiful country. Toward the 
middle part of the North Island are several very loity volcanic 
mountains, one of which, Tongariro, (6,500 feet in hight) is 
still occasionally active, and Ranpehu (9,100 feet) and Mount 
Egmont (8,300 feet in hight) are extinct volcanoes that reach 
above the limit of perpetual snow. 

The rivers of New Zealand are very numerous, and large in 
size in proportion to the area of the country, but owing to its 
mountainous character, they are very rapid in their course. 
and in only few instances at all navigable. A few years ago 
these rivers were not bridged, and the travelers wishing to 
cross them had to ford them, though in a few instances, they 
would find ferry accommodation, which was nearly as danger- 
ous. Besides having to contend against the powerful current 
of the stream, they had also to beware of dangerous quicksands 
with which nearly every river abounds. We will relate a case 
in part which happened to us a* one time on the Ashburton 
River in the Middle Island, which river is fully half a mile 
broad. One evening, wishing to go over to the north side, 
where was situated an accommodation house I we had been 
sleeping out with our stock several nights before) we signaled 
the "river guide," who is generally found at all large rivers, 
and who led us over without an accident or having to swim 
fin- it. Early next morning wishing to re-cross the river to see 
that our stock was all right, the writer jumped on his horse 
and cantering along made for the spot where we crossed tin' 
night beforo, and where, then, for the distance of forty or 
fifty yards the water was not higher than the horse's knee*. 
In we cantered without fear, but had not gone more than a step 
or two before horse and rider suddenly disappeared as if by 
magic, diving into a deep pit. We were scared and quite taken 
by surprise with our sudden bath, but horse and rider managed 
to scramble out lower down the stream, and concluded, that 
is, the rider did, to wait ami let the river guiih find a new an 1 
safe crossing before he attempted to cross again. During ihe 
night the river had changed its course and cut through the 
quicksands making a deep channel, where it was but a few- 
hours before, not two feet deep. 

In the early summer is the time when these rivers aie most 
dangerous, for if the day has been at all warm SO as to 
melt the snow in the mountains during the night such a va-t 
body of water will come down as to increase the size of the 
stream from a few hundred yards to a mile or two in breadth, 
rushing down with an overwhelming force carrying everything 
before it. Experienced travelers always tight shy of ramping 
too near a river bank. 

Many lives have been lost in these rivers, but now in the 
Middle Maud the old dangers have passed away, for now. fine 




handsome railroad bridge-: span the streams from one end of 
the island to another. Not so. yet. with the North Island, 
but that is sure to follow directly. 



^(fortes^ondence. 



I-- \ \r I. Nanti Co, M I \n. 

May 10 1870. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother:— Having 1>> fore me the beautiful 
sermon of Prof. Orson Pratt, delivered on the 20 th of March, 
my heart is leaping within me with joy and gratitude to my 
Maker; and I am reminded of my mountain home, and especially 
of the children in the valleys of the mountains 

I am now in ihe backwoods, where many children have from 
three to four miles and upwards to go to attend a school; and 1 
am sorry to have to stale that I find children here growing up, 
and some persons grown, that cannot read, and some with no 
bread to eat. nor shoes nor clothes to wear, except rag-, and who 
sleep on the floors with but very lit li ol anything to co\ er them. 
S.mie of our (/tali children are perhaps hardly prepared to 
believe it; but tin-" are facts: and I am sure if they could them- 
selves behold these things, they would thank God for their moun- 
tain home 

I hope the children in Zi"ii are taking advantage of their 
opportunities ''el improving their minds and trying to make 
themselves good aid lUeiul men and women 1 -ee many evi- 
den. e ■ that tin world ai lunre are so< n going to ruin. The people 
are d< generating and d iindiing ill darkness and unbelief, and 
the time i; elo.-e at hand when the kingdom of God will arise in 
power and rule the whol ■ ■ arth. EIow great then is the necessity 
for the children to live near to God, ami to Store their minds with 
knowledge and nrepare themselves to be rulers, as they are de- 
stinedtobel That the; may do so is the c nstaut prayer of your 
fellow laborer ii the go.-]"*!, 

B. K. Wi i.i n:\si K.IX. 



Se IMS): Fork, 

May 6fh, 1876. 

Editor -I nrfiiih Instructor: 

Our Sabbath -(lie,, I. numbering 102, is in a pros- 
perous eonditition are is Ihm ng a matter of deep interest 

among the young of this (dace. On Wedn< sday evening last an 
exhibition consisting of dramas, dialogues, -recitations, song-, 
,t ■. interpersed with instru ntal music, was given for the bene- 
fit of the .Sunday school b\ members of the same. 

The entertainment was attended chiefly bv the parent- of the 

Sabbath school pupils, who lor ! an attentive audience, and 

order that i- rarely equalled on - ic ■>! i< '■ prevailed through- 
out. 

cm the following i veiling the :» rformance was repeated to the 
member- oftheSunday school. AH went otf peacefully as before, 
and the young folks »ere highly delighted ami ediiied, a- all 
presented tu them was glowing with sentiments of morality, 
il o igh savorud with the spice of In v 

Those taking pari- pcrfor I them in a wnj tin I bespoki 

interest 1 ei ergy, and ihe whole w is nductcd in men a 

manner that rro\\ lied it with success 

The .li \ kmi.i [jMTKi'i row ■ Idgl ly pi. ed, and -i :alu 

,,1,1,.. |,. ,., ,„|er- receive eneii n m her a- a treat, a- something 
,,,.., and ne ■ amve- in each, i i which the mil d .an feast. 

We i e J ne re copies of it, and ho, ■ (o I hie, a- a -el 1 to 

grow 1 ini "a- ir nil criptinn 

fours Iti spoetfullVi 

i ;. li Brimhall, 

s f s, s. 





0" IT ^r IE 2sT I L IE I1TSTRUCTOR. 




O LORD, "WE 2sTO"W" REPEAT TEIY PRAISE. 
Words kv R. Annum :::. 



Music by A. C. S. 



Devotionalty: 



^^=? E i=^^^^^=^=^l==ii%-^^^^^i 






-m-Tr-rzl ^«H-g-gFg- : l-*-»-- M t-- : q 



1 ' [ 



Sp£ 



Lord, we now re - peat thy praise, Our hearts and voi - ees to Thee raise. 



— <s> 1 



'=ri~s: 



:t=- 



r?27r^:p=;=?2 



*=t: 



n^n; 



*_s~±r 



-Sl- 



1: 



"C" 



rP-b-»— 






i^lii^lEl^llsilllgiMll^il^^l 



^> - =r: / m. f. <'ini 



I " 7 s " c « i 

giv'n We praise thy name, God of heav'n 






For blessings all di - vinelv 

1SS 



=2- 



1 <grip=l=pe=p==q— =p_-±rq 

.i&y^c-g— -]— ' — i — i * ~T~ ~i — — 



E-tE3=t 



Hi 



-£2- 



j-^ 



^=^=q=^7= 



-j-H -3— H I 1 — ~l 



Now time 0U1' heart* to do thy will. 
Help us thy whole law to fulfill; 
To wain on earth in wisdom's ways 
Throughout the remnant of our days 

We love t" sing our praise below, 
'<th grant us faith, and knowledge show, 
That we may walk llie narrow roarl 
That leads to thee and thine abode. 



Give us to see and judge aright. 
To love our God with all our might; 
And us our neighbor's life to bless, 
As we would have hirn do to us. 

Then grant, () Lord of light anil love, 
Thy Spirit's guidance from above, 
That we may join to sing thy praise 
Throughout the remnant of our days. 



SU1TDAY LESSONS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TF t HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.- I.KssoN XXXllt 



Q- 
A.- 

Q- 

thing 

A.- 

Q.- 

A.- 

Q- 

A.- 
from 

Q.- 

A- 

Q.- 

A.- 

their 

Q.- 

A.- 

ru-t 

u 

A. 

Q. 

A. 

Q 
A 

) 



-"Where did the constable take him'' 

-To a town called South Bainbridgi 

• court, 



Chenango ( '< 
• mil] tlirv i r 



-When brought before t 

against him? 
-No; nothing at a'l 
-What was done with liiu 
-He was acquitted 
-What took place then' 
—He was arrested again o 

Broom Co. 

-"What did tlo- constable do with him'' 
-II" took him fifteen miles, in :l wagon, to a tavern. 
-What took place there? 

— A number of men came in and spit upon him, and j 
fingers at him, saying prophesy, prophesy. 
-Was tli" constable kind to hiin? 
—No, lie wa- very insulting to him, and only gave hit 

— of brea 1 and wal i r for supper. 
What took place next day'' 
H" was tiik"n before a magistrate's court and tried. 

— Could anything be pro\ ">l againsl him this time? 

— Nothing at all: and he was set at liberty . 

— Who then became his friend? 
— The constable, who had abused him before nowbefriende 



y. — What produced this change 7 

A. — He was convinced that Joseph whs an innocent man, and 
had been falsely accused. 

y. — What was the real cause of Joseph being persecuted in this 
way 

A. — ITis religions faith was obnoxious. 

The les- indulgence one has for one's sell', the more one 
may have for others. 



another warrant, !>y a constable 



inli'd 




For him who does every thing in its proper time, oue day 
is worth three. 



.JXJVEnSTILE IIISrSTRTTaTOR 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^J-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, dub. 




