<'*3r^ 



^ 



■^i 



^' 




'ft 



f ;^ 



VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 18V0. 



NO. 5. 



B -A. ]tT C3- K: O IC. 



WHAT a pleasant place Bangkok must be for sucli 
folks as happen to have disagreeable neighbors. All 
they have to <lo is just to float their house into some other 
street, and there take up their abode, as the family appear* 
to be doing in the house seen in the foreground of our 
engraving. Or, perhaps, they are ofT to visit their rela- 
tions, and as they intend to stay a week or two are taking 
their cottage with them. Quite a nice arrangement, pre- 
senting many advantages to those who are fond of visit- 
ing- but as we are not fully acquainted with the manners 
and customs of the 
people of Bangkok 
we cannot for certain 
say which they are 
doing. 

But where is Bang- 
kok? Bangkok is a 
city of Siam, the 
land of the White 
Elephant and many 
other curious things. 
If you will look on 
j'ourmapof Asia, you 
will find thisiountry 
in the extreme south- 
ern portion of that 
continent, between 
Hindostan and 
China. More im- 
mediately ill the 
neig h b o r h o o d of 
Cochin China, Bur- 
mah and Malacca. 

Now, if you will 
look for the River 
Menan, you will find 
the city of Bangkok 
about twenty miles 

from its mouth. This _ ^ 

city is now the capi- ~^^^=S^ ^Z 

tal of Siam, and con- _-_^_ 

tains a population of 

a little over a hundred thousand inhabitants. It is 
built along the banks of the river for about two and a 
half miles, and contains a number of tine Buddhi-st tem- 
ples, whose gilded pinnacles and ornamented roofs have 
a very pleasing effect. These temples and the royal 
palace are the only edifices iu the city not built of 




wood. On the left bank of the river are the rows of float- 
ing houses shown in our picture, and even in other, por- 
tions of the city the people live a good deal of their time 
on the water, owing to the inundations they are subjected 
to, through the rising of the river. 

The river Menan is navigable up to the city, where it is 
about a quarter of a mile wide, and above it is quite deep, bat 
greatly impeded by shoals and stockades. We notice in our 
picture a brig and several juncks sailing upon its bosom, 
and a small boat crossing from one side of its floating 

a street to the other. 

The peopleof Siam 
are believers in that 
stran ge religion 
called Buddhism. 
They also pay great 
reverence to white 
elephants, a number 
of whom are sustain- 
ed at a great expense, 
and are looked upon 
as being exceedingly 
holy by the ignorant 
natives. The Chris- 
tian people of Eng- 
land, France and 
other parts have sent 
many missionaries 
to that land with the 
hrpe of bringing its 
inhabitants to a 
knowledge of the 
Savior, and a few of 
the Elders of the 
Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day 
Saints have also been 
sent on ni issions 
there, with the gos- 
-^__ ^^.^ pel of Salvation; but 

~ ~' ^" they and their mes- 

:^-=~-"^ sage of peace and 

good will have had but little effect. But we hope to see 
the time, and that day not far oil", when the millions who 
dwell iu .Tapan, China, Hindostan, Siam, Persia, and in- 
deed iu every nation under heaven, will have the oppor- 
tunity of hearing the glorious gospel of the Son of God, 
and enjoy the privilege of obeying its laws. G.R. 




.'C? 



,j^ 



^7 
e-' 



(S 



34= 



or TJ ^ E! IsT I L E 1 1^ S T I?;TJ OT O 12/ 



*f 



[For the Juvenile IriBtructor. 



%\t\xd%lti ^^ €amntoit ^Tjings. 



J^LTJ^S^ UsTTJIM-CXj^'y- 



THE plastic earth used for making adobies, pottery and 
porcelain, derives ite plastic qualities from the oxide of 
a metal, Aluminum. This oxide is named Alumina, an 
abundant earth seldom met with in a state of purity. Our 
soils contain it mixed up with various earths; when met 
with in a stitT or paste form, it is named clay, and owes 
its color to the various oxides of the metals. 

By scientific means the oxygen can be separated from 
alumina; it then reveals a white metal resplendent as 
silver, useful as that metal for jewelery, and also for many 
purposes for which silver is not used. For instance, the 
parts of instruments that require great strength, that are 
usually made of iron or brass, may be made of aluminum. 
There is one quality this metal possesses that will bring 
it into great favor when it can be produced in abundance, 
vii.— its wonderful lightness. Any one taking up an in- 
strument made entirely of the metal, until acquainted 
with this fact, is astonished; it has all the lustre, beauty 
and elegance of silver, and it is naturally expected it 
should have the weight. It has not, however, much more 
than some kinds of wood, while it has the tenacity, duc- 
tility and nearly the hardness of iron. Then it does nor 
tarnish; it is not acted upon liy vegetable acids. Can our 
young readers tell us why? The really attentive reader of 
all that has been said about oxidation can; it resists the 
action of oxygen in the air and in vejictable acids. 

\Ve have white-ware (porcelain) made by our chemists 
in this city. The potter is a.^Jrac'ical chemist. The glaze 
put on earthenware is a chemical compound; to make it, 
chemical knowledge is required; to fix it, chemical appli- 
ances are necessary. Tlie manipulation is mechanical; 
the process is chemical. Did you read about the "Palissy 
ware'' in the Juvkmi.e Ix.stkl'CTok? It will be well to 
read it again. Rubies, sapphires, and a host of beautiful 
gems are alumina. Would you like to see some pure 
aluir^ina? Procure a piece of alum, say one ounce, dis- 
solve this in six ounces of boiling water, when cold add 
one ounce of carbonate of potash. Now a double decom- 
position takes place; two new salts are formed, sulphate of 
pota■^h and carlionate of alumina. The latter substance 
tills to the bottom, the sulphate remains in solution and 
may be crystalized. Dry the carbonate of alumina and 
drive oil" the carbonic acid. How? In the same way that 
acid is expelled from the carbonate of lime — make it red 
hot; calcine it. 

Alumina is white, tasteless, inodorous, soft to the touch, 
mixed with water it is plaslio and may be worked into all 
shapes. It is insoluble in water, does not aflect the colore 
of vegetables. The world-renowned China is indebted to 
this sulwtance for its excellence. It is found, as our young 
readers may rennMnber, in a very famous earth naineu 
"iH-h-tuntze," nearly pure alumina. We have similar 
earths at Promontory and at .Sanpete. How can we tell 
they are there? For this reason : Alum is found at these 
place-s; Alum is a (Imihlt: salt, suli)liate of alumina and 
sulphate of potassa, by natural operations it is decomposed, 
fis well as liy the artificial |)r<)eess just described. 

Alum earths are brought to this city occasionally, and 
as tiny are of gome importance we will now wait till we 
can describe them. Betji. 



THIEl I=OTa?E!I?.'S JLK.T. 



From, "TRinniPHS op Invention and Discovery."- 
Published by T. Nelson <£ Soris, London^ 



JOSIAH Wedgwood, whose name in connectiou with 
pottery-ware has become a household word in Eng- 
land, was the younger sou of a potter at Burslem, in Staf- 
fordshire, who had also a little patch of ground which he 
farmed. W'heu Josiah was only eleven years old, his 
father died, and he was thus left dependent upon his elder 
brother, who employed him as a "thrower" at his own 
wheel. An attack of small-pox, in its most malignant 
form, soon after endangered his life, and he survived only 
by the sacrifice of his left leg, in which the dregs of the 
disease had settled, and which had to be cut ofT. Weak 
and disabled, he was now thrown upon the world to seek 
his own fortune. At first it was very uphill work with 
him, and he found it no easy matter to provide even the 
most frugal fare. He was gifted, however, with a very 
fine taste in devising patterns for articles of earthenware, 
and found ready custom for plates, knife-handles, and 
jugs of fanciful shape. He worked away industriously 
himself, and was able by degrees to employ assistance and 
.enlarge his establishment. The pottery manufactures of 
England were then in a very primitive condition. 
Only the coarsest sort of articles were made, and any 
attempt to give elegance to the designs was very rare in- 
deed. All the more ornamental and finer class of goods 
came from the Continent. Wedgwood saw no reason why 
we should not emulate foreigners in the beauty of the 
forms into which the clay was thrown, and made a point 
of sending out of his own shop articles of as elegant a 
shape as possible. This feature in his productions was 
not overlooked by customers, and he found a growing 
demand for them. The coarseness of the material was, 
however, a great drawback to the extension of the trade 
in native pottery; and it seemed almost like throwing 
good designs away to apply them to such rude wares. 
Wedgwood saw clearly that if earthenware was ever to 
become a profitable English manufacture, something 
must be done to improve the quality of the clay. He 
brooded over the subject, tested all the difTerent sorts of 
earth in the district, and at length discovered one, con- 
taining silica, which, black in color before it went into 
the oven, came out of it a pure and beautiful white. This 
fact ascertained, he was not long in turning it to practical 
account, by mixing flint powder with the red earth of the 
potteries, and thus obtaining a material which became 
white when exposed to the heat of the furnace. The next 
step was tf> cover this material with a transparent glaze; 
ami he could then turn out earthenware as pure in quality 
as that from the Continent. This was the foundation not 
only of his own fortune, but of a manufacture which has 
since provided proflfable employment for thousands of 
his countrymen, besides placing within the reach of even 
the huml)lest of them good serviceable earthenware for 
household use. 

The success of his white stoneware was such, that he 
was able to quit the little thatched house he had formerly 
occui)ied, and open shop in larger and more imposing 
premises. He increased the number of his hands, atid 
drove an extensive and growing trade. He was not con- 
tent to halt after the discovery of the white stoneware. 
On the contrary, the success he had already attained only 
impelleil him to further ettbrts to improve the tratle he 
had taken up, and which now became quite a piLssion 
with him. When he devoted himself to any particular 
ellbrt in couuection with it, his first thought was always 



^^* 



[3 



•^^^i 



.^» 



JgJ^»^- 



a"TJ'V"EI<riILE IlSrSTI?.TJCTOI^ 



-f^^^l 



35 



how to turn out the very best article that could be made — 
his hist thought was whether it would pay him or not. 
He stuck up for the honor of old England, and maintained 
that whatever enterprise could be achieved, that English 
skill and enterijrise was competent to do. Although he 
had never had any education himself worth speaking of, 
his natural shrewdness and keen faculty of observation 
supplied his deflciences in that respect; and when he 
applied himself, as he now did, to the study of chemistry, 
wUh a view to the improvement of the pottery art, he 
made rapid and substantial progress, and passed muster 
creditably even in the company of men of science and 
learning. He contributed many vahiable communica- 
tions to the Royal Society, and invented a thermometer 
for measuring the higher degrees of heat employed in the 
various arts of pottery. 

Again his premises proved too confined for his expand- 
ing trade, and he removed to a larger establishment, and 
there perfected that cream-colored ware with which 
Queen Charlotte was so delighted, that she ordered a 
whole service of it, and commanding that it should be 
called ftfter her— the Queen's Ware, and that its inventor 
should receive the title of the "Royal Potter." 

A royal potter Wedgwood truly was; the very king of 
earthenware manufactures, resolute in his determination 
to attain the highest degree of perfection in his produc-- 
tions, indefatigable in his labors, and unstinting in his 
outlay to secure that end. He invented altogether seven 
or eight rtifl'erent kinds of ware; and succeeded in combin- 
ing the greatest delicacy and purity of material, and 
utmost elegance of design, with strength, durability, and 
cheapness. The effect of the improvements he successive- 
ly introduced into the manufacture of earthernware is 
thus described by a foreign writer about this period: 

"Its excellent workmanship, its solidity, the advantage 
which it possesses of sustaining the action of fire, its flne 
glaze, impenetrable to acids, the beauty and convenience 
of its form, and the cheapness of its price, have given rise 
to a commerce so active and so universal, that in travel- 
ing from Paris to Petersburg, .from Amsterdam to the 
furthest port of Sweden, and from Dunkirk to the extre- 
mity of the south of France, one is served at every inn 
with Wedgwood ware. Spain, Portugal, and Italy are 
supplied with it, ami vessels are loaded with it for the 
East Indies, the West Indies, and the contiaent of 
America." Wedgwood himself, when examined before a 
committee of the House of Commons in 1785, some thirty 
years after he had begun his operatiops, stated that from 
providing only casual employment to a small number of 
inelBcient and badly remunerated workmen, the manu- 
facture had increased to an extent that gave direct employ- 
ment to about twenty thousand persons, without taking 
into account the increased numbers who earned a liveli- 
hood by digging coals for the use of the potteries, by 
carrying the productions from one quarter to another, and 
in many other ways. 

Wedgwood did not confine himself to the manufacture 
of useful articles, though such, of course, formed the bulk 
of his trade, but published beautiful imitations of Egyp- 
tian, Greek, and Etruscan vases, copies of cameos, medal- 
lions, tablets, and so on. Valuable sets of old porcelain 
were frequently intrusted to him for imitation, in which 
he succeeded so well that it was difficult to tell the 
original from the counterfeit, except sometimes from the 
superior excellence and beauty of the latter. When the 
celebrated Barberini Vase was for sale, Wedgwood, bent 
upon making copies of it, made heavy bids against the 
Duchess of Portland for it; and was only induced to desist 
by the promise, that he should have the loan of it in order 
that he might copy it. Accordingly, the duchess had the 



vase knocked down to her at eighteen hundred guineas, 
and Wedgwood made fifty copies of it, which he sold at 
fifty guineas each, and was thus considerably out of 
pocket by the transaction. He did it, however, not for 
the sake of profit, but to show what an English pottery 
could accomplish. 

Besides copying from antique objects, Wedgwood tried 
to rival them in the taste and elegance of original produc- 
tions. He found out Flaxman when he was an unknown 
student, and employed him, upon very liberal terms, to 
design for him; and thus the articles of earthenware 
which he manufactured proved of the greatest value in 
the art education of the people. We owe not a little of 
the improved taste and popular appreciation and enjoy- 
ment of the fine arts in our own day to the generous 
enterprise of Josiah Wedgwood, and his talented designs. 

In order to secure every access from the potteries to the 
eastern and western coasts of the island, Wedgwood pro- 
posed, and, with the aid of others whom he induced to 
join him, carried out the Grand Trunk Canal between the 
Trent and the Mersey. He himself constructed a turn- 
pike road ten miles in length through the potteries, and 
built a village for his work-people, which he called 
Etruria, and where he established his works. He died 
there in 179-5, at the age of sixty-five, leaving a large for- 
tune and an honored name, which he haJ acquired by his 
own industry, enterprise, and generosity. 



A Cunning Dog. — There was once a convent in France, 
where poor folks could goto a certain window, and ring a 
bell for food. Then a little sliding-door was pushed away, 
and a plate of food thrust out. 

To spare the feelings of those who came as beggars, the 
person who put out the food did not look to see who they 
might be. Over the sliding-door were the French words, 
Pour les pauvrcs; which mean, "For the poor." 

There was a cunning dog who availed himself of this 
custom to get a good meal for many days. He would go 
when no one was looking, and ring the bell: the plate of 
food would then be thrust out, and he would clean it oft" 
with three or four licks of his big tongue. 

At last he was found out; but he was thought to be such 
a clever dog, that he was for a long time allowed to come 
and ring for his dinner every day. 

/Selected, 



Formation of Charactek.— Have you noticed an 
icicle as it is formed? You noticed how it froze one drop 
at a time, until it was a foot long or more. If the water 
was clean, the icicle sparkled brightly in the sun; but if 
the water was slightly muddy, the icicle looked foul, and 
its beauty was spoiled. Just so our characters are forming. 
One little thought or feeling at a time adds its influence. 
If each thought be pure and right, the soul will be lovely, 
and will sparkle with happiness; but if impure and 
wrong, there will be a final deformity and wretchedness. 



A thing of beauty is a joy forever.— ^eafe. 



"Vice is a monster of such frightful mein. 
That, to be dreaded, needs but to be seen; 
But seen too oft, familiar with her face, 
We first endure, then pity, then embrace." 

Selected. 



Attempt to the end, and never stand to doubt. 
Nothing so bad but search will find it oat.— Halleck, 



91^^ 



-fl 
I 



CCW> 



*;! 



1^1 3 6 



Cr TJ "V E 3Sr I 31. E II<rSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



H 



®ru Sni\tnlU litslrucfoti. 



<^ 



^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, xMAKCH 5, 1870. 



EIDITOI^I-^rj THOTJOHITS. 




^lOXG the hill trihes of India— away uj) 
r* in the Himalaya Mountains- the jiiae- 
tice of polygamy prevails in many parts, 
every man buying his wives from their 
liarents for a given amount of rupees.* 
There is one jiraetiee, however, whieh 
they have that is very sinful and hateful. 
When a man is tired of a wife, he .soils her 
to his neighbor for something under cost, 
and if he wants another, purchases her. 
This is very wicked. AVonien were not made to 
le bought and sold any more than men. Yet 
there are many jieople who call them.selves Chris- 
tians, who arc guilty of a practice nearly as 
wicked as that of tiie.se ignorant, degraded peo- 
ple of Asia. They barter their daughters' youth and 
lieauty to wicked, cornipt men, who are rich, but who 
have indulged in wickedness nearly all their days, and 
when they are married they cull it a good match. 
They literally sell their daughters ibr wealth and po- 
.sition. 

But there is a race of people, living not far from these poly- 
ftamis't.s. who are verj' poor, and the little patches of ground 
that they can cultivate, will not support them, if they have 
large families; so they practice jiolyandry. I'olyandry is pro- 
bably a hard word to our readers; it means many husbands; 
the word " polygamy'" means many marriages. 

The way they manage it among that strange people, is this: 
the elder brother of a family choo.ses one wife for himself and 
all his brother."", and the children of this wife are common pro- 
perty. Now the more .sensible way would be, if the wife had 
sisters, for these brothers to marry them. But, no; they will 
not do that. The stupid fellows are jirobably afraid that if 
they niarrj- a wife a jiiece, and each wife has children, they 
would all star\'e to death. What else can be the reason of 
only having one wife and family of children among them? 
1'hey do not know, probably, that God feeds the .sparrows 
and other birds of the air, and the beast.s; for, if they did, 
they miglit know that his children are of more value than 
many .sj/armws, and that when a man has a wife and cliililren, 
or wives and cliildreri, he prospers as well, has as much to cat, 
drink ami wear, and frec|ueiitly nnicli more too, tlian he had 
when he was single, and liad only iiim.self to provide for. These 
foolish people after marrying one wife out of a iiimily of girls, 
place the remainder of them in convents, or hou.ses where 
women alone live; from these convents tliey come forth to 
work in the ficl<ls at the lowest kind of labor. 

Another practice which prevails in tbat <-oiuitry, is that of 
praying by machirien,'! "By machiiien,'? " you ask. Yes; by 
macliiner}'. The jiricsts, and many of the people, walk about 
always witli a small pniycr-mill in their hand, turning it as 
they go. In.side the mill is a striji of paper, on which a .short 
l)rayer is written. They pray for souls in lieaven, tlie evil 



* A rupee ia a coin in India tbat is about the value of ball' a 
do Jar of uur money. 



spirits in the air, men, animals, souls in purgatory and souls 
in hell. Some of the people in that country nay there are 
thirty'threc millions of gods, and that it is quite impossible to 
worship them all; therefore, they omit praying to the good 
spirits, who will not harm them, and devote all their energies 
in making friends with the feW spirits who, they think, are 
always on the alert to do utischief. They are really devil wor- 
shippei's. Yet, who ever knew the devil to stick by his friends 
when they got into trouble'.'' When he has led them on to 
destruction and into dreadful difficulty, he always deserts them. 
But (jod is nearer to his servants and those who trust in Him 
when they are in trouble and difficulty than at any other time. 
He is a friend worth having. We should be thankful to Him 
for teaching us how we can make Him our friend and savior. 



'PHE engraving of the liog eating the rattlesnake, which we 
■^ give this week on the next page, is home-made, being the 
work of Bro. J. Campe, a young man who resides in this 
city. We scared}' think it does him justice, for he is out of 
practice, and does not have suituljle tools to perform the work 
with that finish that it reiiuires. For the want of better tools, 
he sharpened a tile and did some portion of the work with it. 
When he gets suitable tools, and further practice, we hope to 
get engravings of so tine a quality from him that we shall no 
longer be under the necessity of sending for them to the East 
or to Europe. We hope to be able at no very distant day, to 
have the typo, the engravings and the paper of the Juvenile 
Instkuctou all made here at home. 



Y\/E told you in our last number about P.sammetichus, king 
' of Egypt, adopting an experiment to find out which was 
the most ancient nation upon the earth. There is an interest- 
ing account given of tlie steps by which this man reached the 
kingly dignity. 

At the death of Tharacoa, king of Egypt, his people were 
unable to agree about the succession, and for two years great 
disorder and much confusion prevailed in that country. At 
last, twelve of the principal nobleman conspired together, and 
.seized upon the kingdom. They then divided it into twelve 
parts, and agreed that each should govern his own district, 
with eqilal power and authority, and that one should not 
attempt to invade or seize the dominions of another. The 
reason that is given.for this agreement is that it had been fore- 
told that one of them should offer a libation* of wine to Vul- 
can, out of a brazen bowl, and he should be sovereign of Egypt. 
They bound this agreement with the most dreadful oaths. 
They reigned together fifteen years in the utmost liarmony; 
but, one day, as the twelve kings were assisting at a solemn 
sacrifice in the tem]ilc of Vulcan, the jiriests presented each of 
them a golden bowl for a libation, but they found that one was 
lacking. I'.simuietichus, .seeing that one bowl was wanting, 
took his brazen helmet — for the kings all wore helmet.s— and 
with it he iierfornied the ceremony of the libation. He did it 
without any design; but the kings were struck by the action. 
They rc<'allcd to mind the i)rcdiction which had been uttered. 
They immediately fearc^d that he would become .sovereign, and, 
to prevent this, and secure themselves, they, with one con.sciit, 
banished him into a part of Egyj)t that was filled with 
swamps. 

Psammetichus, of course, felt very indignant at this treat- 



s' Anion); the heathen nations they had many Kod.i, whom 
h^v worsOippeil in various niaii'iHrs. Vuli^iin was one of 
hosfl i?i>il». <»iio uhkIh of worship was tootlnr whtt is called 
a "libation." This coiisiHted in pourint; wine, or .some older 
liquor, cither on the ground or ou a vieliui which was ollered 
in sacrilice in honor of some god. 



[S.^^ 



oTTJ'^EIsriXjEl IISrSTI^TJGTOI?.. 



f 



ment. He had no designs against liis follow noblemen, and 
felt that he had been vei-y unjustly treatedr He was deter- 
mined, however, to be revenged; but some years passed away 
before he had the desired opportunity. 

One day he learned that a company of Grecian soldiers had 
been cast ujjon the coasts of Egypt, by a storm. lie called to 
mind the prediction that lie should be delivered by men in brass 




armor from the sea coast. These Greeks wore brass armor, 
lie fully expected that the prediction was now about to be 
fulfilled; and he made a contract with the strangers, engaged 
them with great promises to stay with him, secretly raised 
other forces and put these Greeks at their head. When his 
preparations were all comple ted, he gave battle to the eleven 
kings, defeated them and remained sole king of Egypt. 



H O a- J^l^riD ■E?.JLTTLES3sr7^ICE. 



THE domestic hog;, whether tame or wild, is of great 
use in' destroying the venomous snakes. They 
never find one without attempting to kill it, and some- 
times, in these encounters, a thin hog will get bitten, 
and die; but a fat liog rarely suffers, as the fat which re- 
ceives the 
venom neu- 
tral iz es it, 
and it is only 
when some 
vein is iieacli- 
e d that a 
snake bite 
proves mor- 
tal. The hog 
is, an omni- 
vorous feeder. 
. The flesh, 
from the car- 
rion on which 
it has fed, Is 
too rank and 
high-scented 
to be made 
use of. The 
hog is a keen 
smeller, and 
is as good a 
scavenger as 
the vulture ; 
for should a 
horse die in 
the forest, or 

a wounded deer or cow escape from the hunter, only 
to die, the hog puts in an appearance at the feast as early 
as either the buzzard or wolf. 

Though rnauy fall victims to the bears, panthers, and 
wild cats, yet their numbers are steadily on the increase, 
fpr they are very clannish creatures, and flght gallantly 
in each other's defense. Let one come to grief and scream 
for assist? nee, and all within hearing will rally to his aid. 

Upon one occasion I saw a rattlesnake kill aline porker, 



but it happened to strike it in the eye. It ran round in a 
circle, its head rapidly swelling; and at last, in about ten 
minutes' time, it sank down as though choked, gave two 
or three quivers, and was dead. 
When a hog finds a snake in its wanderings, coiled up 

ready for at- 
tack, it walks 
around its 
prey several 
times, giving 
an occasional 
grunt, as 
much as to 
say: "You'd 
better g i v li 
up quietly, 
for I mean to 
have you." 

The snake, 
on his part, 
knows that 
the duel will 
be to the 
death, and 
follows each 
circle of the 
hog with its 
eyes, whilst 
its tongue 
plays about 
its mouth 
like blue 
lightning. 
At what he 

considers the proper instant, the hog rushes 
in at the snake, presenting his fat jowl to receive 
the venom; then instantly placing his feet upon the tail or 
middle of the snake, he shreds the rest of it through his 
teeth, stripping the flesh from the bone as far as he can 
draw it. As soon as the snake is dead, the hog makes a 
meal of it, thus combining business with pleasure.— 
Stilectcd. 




In Japan the bridegroom purchases his wife of the 
bride's parents, and is supposed not to have seen her till 
they meet at the hymeneal altar. The religious ceremony 
of marriage takes place in a temple. The i>air, after listen- 
ing to a lengthy harangue from one of the attendant 
priests, approach the holy altar, where large tapers are 
presented to them, 'flio bride, instructed by the i)riest, 
llglits her taper at the sacred censure, and the bridegroom, 
igniting his from hers, allows the two flames to combine 
and burn steadily together, thus symbolizing the perfect 
unity of the marriage state, and this completes the cere- 
mony. 

Selected. 



[fr^^- 



A PAIK of sparrows, which had built in the thatched 
roof of a house, were observed to continue their regu- 
lar visits to the nests long after the time when the young 
birds ought naturally to have taken flight. This unusual 
circumstance continued throughout the year ; and, in the 
winter, a gentleman who all along observed them, deter- 
mined on finding out the cause. He thereCore placed a 
ladder, and, on mounting, found one of tlie young ones 
detained a prisoner by means of a string or scrap of 
worsted, which formed part of the nest, having become 
accidentally twisted round its leg. Being thus disalilcd 
from procuring its own living, it had been fed by the con- 
tinued exertions of the parents.— (S'cfccted. 






TOSEIPH SnVEITH, THE 




■^1 



CTTJ'VEItTIIjE I3iTSTI?.TJOTOI2/. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



AVING seen the arms delivered up and 

bid liis family farewell Joseph once 

more turned his face towards Carthage. 

When opposite the Masonic Hall he 

said to the brethren there: 

"Boys, if I don't come back take care of 
yourselves: I am going like a lamb to tJie 
slaughter.'' 

As they passed his farm, he took a 
good look at it; and after they had pas- 
sed it, he turned round several times to look 
again. This caused some of the company 
to make remarks, when Joseph said. 

"If some of you had got such a farm, and knew 
you would not see it any more, you would 
want to take a good look at it for the last 
time." 
Before he and the company reached Carthage 
he received a letter from H. T. Reld, Esq., and 
one also from James W. Woods, Esq., lawyers. 
In their letters they informed him what they needed in 
the shape of evidence, and Mr. Wood stated that, from^an 
interview he had had with Governor Ford, Joseph could 
I'ely with the utmost safety on his (the Governor's) pro- 
tection. About midnight Joseph and the company ar- 
rived at Carthage. While passing the public square, 
many of the troops, especially tiie Carthage Greys, made 
use of a great many dreadful expressions and threats. 
These were hear^-l by the Governor and hundreds of 
others. They threatened to shoot Joseph then, and said 
that he had seen the last of Nauvoo, and they whooped, 
yelled and cursed, threw their guns over their heads back- 
wards in a curve so as to have the bayonets stick in the 
ground, and acted like madmen. 

When the Governor he;ird these expressions, he put his 
head out of the window of the house where he was stop- 
ping, and, in a fawning manner, said: 

"Gentlemen, I know your great anxiety to see Mr. Smith, 
which IS natural enough, but it is quite too late to-night for 
you to have that opporluuity; but I assure you, geutleuien, 
you shall have that privilege to-uiorrow nioruiug, as I will 
cause him to pass before the troops upon the square, and 1 
now wish you, with this assurance, quietly and peaceably to 
return to your quarlt-r>." 

At the hotel where Governor Ford was stopping, and 
where Joseph and his friends had to put up, there was a 
com|)any of apostates (|uartered. One of them, John A. 
Hicks (formerly the Presideut of the Eldere' Quorum) 
told IJro. C. H. Wheelock that it was determined by him- 
81'lf, the Laws, the Hijibees, the Fosters, Joseph H. Jack- 
son, and many others, to shed the blood of Joseph whether 
he was cleared by the law or not. He talked as freely 
upon the subject, a.s though he was speaking upon the 
most common occurrence of his life. Bro. Wheelock told 
Ford what Hicks had said; but he treated it with perfect 
indiilercnce, and sull'ered Hicks and his associates to go 
free and make all the arrangements they wanted to carry 
out their nmrderous .i>la::s. At the ]sanie time he had 
ple<lged his own faith and the faith of the State of Illinois, 
that Joscjih and Hynnn 8:nith and the other prisoners 
should be protected from jitrsonal violence, and should 
have a fair and impartial trial, if they would surrender 
themselves to be dealt with according to law. He said 



this repeatedly also to Joseph's lawyers. Having made 
these pledges, he should have taken every measure to 
protect Joseph and Hyrum and the other brethren who 
had come to Carthage and given themselves up, and if 
any man had threatened violence, as Hicks did, he 
should have had him arrested. But such a course requir- 
ed nerve and decision and a determination to have jus- 
tice maintained, of which qualities Ford was utterly des- 
titute. 

After Joseph and Hyrum had been arrested on a charge 
of treason the morning after they reached Carthage, the 
former on the oath of Augustine Spencer, the latter on 
that of Henry O. Norton, both apostates, Ford ordered 
all the troops to form a hollow square on the public 
ground near the Court House. His speech to them was 
delivered from an old table, on which he mounted. 
He endorsed all the rumors which had been in circulation 
about Joseph and the Saints, and fanned the Are of hatred 
which was already burning in the hearts of his hearers 
against them. He stated that although Joseph and Hyrum 
were dangerous men in the community, and guilty of all 
that they might have alleged against them, still they were 
in the hands of the law, which must have its course. 
After this he came to where Joseph was stopping and 
invited him to walk with him through the troops. 
Joseph solicited a few moments private convei-sation with 
him; but this he refused. He felt so ashamed and mean 
as he did so that he could not look up; he kept his eyes 
on his shoes. Joseph and Hyrum then walked through 
the crowd with Brigadier-General Miner R. Deming and 
Dr. Kichards to General Deming's quarters. 
{To be continued.) 



WoNDERFtri. Calculation. — When the game of chess 
was first invented, the Emporor of China sent for the 
inventor, and desired him to teach it to him. The emperor 
was so delighted with the game, that he told the inventor 
whatever he should demand should be given him as a 
remuneration for his discovery. To which he replied, 
that if his majesty would but give him a grain of corn for 
the lirst square of the chess-board, and keep doubling it 
every check until he arrived at the end, he would be satis- 
fied. At first the Emperor was astonished at what he 
thought the man's modesty, and instantly ordered his 
request to be Ranted. Tlie following is the sum total of 
the number of grains of corn, and also the number of 
times they wolild reach round the world, which is 360 
degrees, each being Oiii miles— 18,44(i,743,5-:i,7S;i,08(>,315 • 
grains: or, 3,S«3,401 ,8;il times round the world. —jScliclecl. 



Profanity never did any man the least good. No m.in ' 
is the richer, or happier, or wiser for it. It commends no 
one to any society. It is disgusting to the refined; abom- 
inable to the good; insulting to those with whom we asso- 
ciate; degrading to tlie mind; unprofitable, needless, and 
injurious to society. — A'efccted. 



A worthy Quaker thus wrote: "I expect to pass through 
this world but once. If, therefore, there be any kindness 
I can show, or any good tiling I can do to any fellow 
human being, let me do it now. Let ;me not defer or 
neglect it, for I will not pass this way i\g-diii."—S<:kclcd. 



Oh Lord, help thou a little child 
To speak the truth alway: 

Nor let me speak or act deceit 
Throughout the livelong day; 

But always strictly truthful be 
In all.I do or say. 



^ 



J/ 
Selected. f^z) 



''>^^'- 



P 



(? 



I 



J- TJ ^ E 3Sr I L E Il>rsa?I^TJOTOI?/, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






IN the last number we mentioned that there were eight of 
us elders, besides tlie two who were to remain at Hono- 
lulu. Their names were Hiram Clark, the president, and 
his fellow-laborer Thomas Whittle. The island on which 
we first landed was to be tlieir field. The four who were 
chosen to preside on'tlie other islands were: Henry \V. 
Bigler, whose partner was Thomas Morris, and to whom 
the island of Moloiiai fell by lot; John Dixon, whose 
partner was William Farrer, and whose field was the 
island of Kaui; James Hawkins, who chose Hiram Black- 
well as his companion, and to whom the island of Hawaii 
fell as a field of labor; and George Q. , Cannon, whose 
fellow-laborer was James Keeler, and their field the island 
of Maui. As the president counseled Bro. Morris to go to 
work at Honolulu, and Bro. Bigler was, therefore, alone, 
and his island lay convenient to Maui, he concluded to 
accompany the two last-named elders to Maui. 

The thought of separating from his companions in a 
foreign land produces lonely feelings in the breast of an 
elder; but particularly if he be young and inexperienced. 
Our consolation on this occasion was that we were taking 
the plan whereby we niiglit reap more abundant joy. 

Lahaina is the principal town on Maui. It has no har- 
bor; but vessels anchor in what is called the roadstead. 
Looking from the sea at tlie town, it is not very imposing. 
It lies on a level strip of land, and is stretched along the 
beach, and the houses are almost hidden by the foliage. 
Groves of cocoa-nut trees are to be seen, which give the 
place a tropical look. We had considerable difticulty in 
procuring a suitable place to stop. There was a hotel and 
boarding houses; but we could not live at any of them 
very long, for our funds were low. We secured a native 
house of one room, at a rent of four dollars per week. 
These native houses are built by putting posts in the 
ground, on which a board is laid as a plate for the rafters 
to rest upon. When the frame of posts and rafters is built, 
poles, about the size of hoop poles, are lashed horizontally, 
about six inches apart, on to the posts and rafters. The 
house is then thatched by fastening a durable grass, which 
they have in that country, on to the poles. When finish- 
ed, a house looks, in shape and size, like a well built hay 
stack. Such houses are only suited to a warm country 
where they never have frost. Inside the house they have 
no board floors. The ground is covered with grass, on 
which mats are laid. The making of these mats consti- 
tutes one of the chief employments of the women, and a 
good housewife in that country is known by the quantity 
and fineness of the mats in her home. Such a woman is 
very particular to have no dirt brought into her house; 
for the mats answer the purpose of beds, table and chairs. 
They sit upon them; when they eat, their food is placed 
upon them, and they form their bed, though in many 
houses, they have the place of sleeping raised above the 
ordinary fioor; but, even then, they have mats spread out 
upon which to sleep. 

In consideration of our being white men the man of 
whom we rented the house procured a table and three 
chairs for us. We employed him to cook our food, which 
consisted principally of sweet potatoes and fish or meat, 
with occasionally a little bread bought at a bakery in 
town. In those days no native tliought of using bread as 
an article of diet. Their food, if I proceed with these 
sketches, I shall describe more fully to you in a future 
number. 

We had an interview with the American consul, Mr. 
Bunker, and solicited through him an introduction to the 




Governor of the Island. He readily complied with our 
request, and in our Intercourse with Mr. Bunker he 
treated us very kindly. Our mission we felt to be of such 
importance that we wished to introduce it to the highest 
authority we could find. I made it a rule on those islands 
never to go into a place without waiting upon the leading 
and prominent men, stating my business, testifying to the 
work which God had commenced and asking their aid to 
enable me to lay tfie proclamation of which I was the 
bearer before the people. In this way I had interviews 
with princes, nobles, governors, officers of the govern- 
ment, missionaries and the leading men in every locality 
which I visited. This course might not be a wise one in 
every nation and under all circumstances; but I was led 
, to take it there, and the eftects were good. I had a fear- 
lessness and a strength given me which I would not have 
had if I had kept myself in a corner and acted as though 
I was ashamed of my mission. I gained influence also 
with the people, and they learned to respect me; for, how- 
ever much men may differ in their views about religion 
and other matters, they generally respect sincerity and 
courage. 

The governor was named James Young. He was a 
half-white, his father being a friend of Kamehameha the 
First and one of the first white men which settled among 
the Hawaiians. We requested the use of the palace, 
which was not then occupied by the royal family, to 
preach in. He promised to write to his brother, tlie 
Minister of the Interior, about it. We called a number of 
times afterwards to see him; but could get no definite 
answer. It was evident to us that he dare not grant us 
any favors. Rev. Mr. Tyylor was the chaplain of the 
Bethel Chapel at Lahaina, where seamen and most of tlie 
white residents went to worship. We introduced our- 
selves to him, told him where we were from and our 
business, and asked the privilege of holding meflling in 
his chapel. He held meetings in the morning and even- 
ing. He consented, and gave out notice to the people in 
the morning that we would hold meeting in the afternoon. 
Elder Henry W. Bigler delivered the discourse, and Bro. 
Keeler and I bore testimony. We soon became satisfied 
that if we confined our labors to the whites, our mission 
to those lands would be a short one, 

The Dog and the Pie-man.— Mr. Smellie, in his 
"Natural Philosophy," mentions a curious instance of iu- 
tellisence in a dog belonging to a grocer in Edinburgh. 
"A man who went through the streets ringing a bell, and 
selling pies, happened one day to treat this dog with a pie. 
The next time he heard the pieman's bell he ran toward 
him, seized him by the coat, and would not suirer him to 
pass. The pieman, who understood what the animal 
wanted, showed him a penny, and pointed to his master 
who stood at the door and saw what was going on. The 
dog went to his master with many humble gestures and 
looks, and on receiving a penny carried it in his mouth to 
the pieman and received his pie. This traffic between the 
pieman and the grocer's dog continued daily for several 
months." 

The term "putting your foot in it" is of legitimate 
ori-in According to the "Asiatic Researches," a very 
cuWous mode of trying the title to land is practiced in 
Hindostan. Two holes are dug in the disputed spot, in 
each of which the lawyers on either side put one of then- 
legs and remain there till one of them is tired, or, being 
stung by the insects, is compelled to yield, in which ca.se 
his client is defeated. In this country it is too generally 
the client, and not the lawyer, who "puts his foot in 
itV^— Selected. ■ • ' 



^ 



J^^ 



^ 






4rO 



0" TJ "V E IN" I ni. E IlNrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



T E IM: 1= T E 3D, 



THE boy in our picture, appears to be acting as thoitgh 
he did not wisli to be seen. He has drojjped liis bar- 
row, laid down hif tools, and is anxiously looking around 
to tind out if he is watched. His face is turned one way, 
■while his hand is stretched out in an opposite direction, 
towards what appears to be a lovely rose-bush. One 
would think he is ahout to take one, and is aware it is 
wrong. Perhaps he has been told not to touch the flowers, 
but their beauty so tempts him, that he has left his work 
with the iuteulion of taking one. Still he cannot feel it is 

right, even 



to take one; 

the flowers 

are not his, 

he has been 

told to leave 

them alone; 

but for all 

'^% that, the 

I teniptati o n 

i seems to be 

etting the 

^'. better of his 

conscience. 

The boy 

who parleys 

Avith the tempter, who argues in favor of what he knows 
to lie wrong, is pretty sure to fall. "We hope, however, the 
lad in the picture will summon up his courage, draw back 
his hand, take up his tools and trudge away with his bar- 
row, a happier and a better boy, because he has been 
tempted to do wrong, has resisted the tempter and has 
triumphed. When another temptation comes along, he 
will be better able to resist it, he will remember how 
happy he felt when he left the rose-bush untouched, ami 
it will be a stay to him in his future lite. We do not 
know this boy, we know nothing of his life, whether he 
plucked the rose or not, so we cannot tell our little friends 
about him. But we know there are many other boys, 
besides this one, who are tempted to do wrong, who feel 
afraid of being seen, who try to hide their thoughts, but 
there is not one of them, whose tcm|)tuti(>ns are not known 
to the Lord. He knows, if no one else does, whether the 
temptation is resisted or not, whether the boy or girl 
gives way, or nobly stands by what he knows to be right, 
and keeps a conscience clear of ofleuce. 

G. R. 




I .SKE in this world, two heaps — one of human happiness 
and one of human misery. Now if I can taka but the 
smallest bit from tli(> second heap, and adil but a little to 
the lirst, 1 do some good. If, as I go home, a child has 
dropped a halfpenny, .'ind giving it another J wipe away 
its tearn, I feel that I have done something. I .should be 
glad inileed, to do great things; but 1 will not neglect 
such little tilings as these, — Selected. 



Ox SwKARiNO. — Cowper wrote some lines about swear- 
ing, -.vhich it would lie worth while for every one to 
learn: 

"It chills my blood to hear the blest Supreme 
Kudely appealed to on ea<h trifling theme; 
Maintiiin your rank, vulgarity despise — 
To swear is neilher liravo, polite, uor wise. 
You would not swear upon a bed of death: 
lieliecl! Your maker may now stop your breath." 



1« 



^^■ 



tlttith l^oduy* 




T O - 3D J^ Y. 



Love the little ones to-day, 
Lest the future bring regret! 
While our arms may clasp them yet. 

Make their lives an endless May. 

Breathe the kindly word to-day; 

Gather sunshine to thy root! 

Silence, now, the harsh reproof; 
Bitter words may bring dismay. 

Fold the loving bands to day, 
While they nestle soft and warm! 
Like dead lillies in the storm, 

Soon their bloom will fade away! 

Kiss the rosebud lips to-day, 
While the happy time is ours! 
Lips that rival sweetest flowers. 

Soon may be as cold as clay! 



T"h:e nycoTHEi?/. 



She sits in a splint-bottom chair 

I3y the cozy kitchen tire; 
Smooth is her nut-brown hair. 

And simple her attire. 
She hums a quaint old rhyme 

To the baby at her side; 
And her busy hands keep time, 

As, with a matron's pride. 
She sews and patches and darns, 

And makes old garments o'er; 
And sorts her colored yarns. 

To carpet her cottage floor. 

The mantle clock strikes five; 

From school the children come; 
Like the droning of a hive, 

Is the kettle's cheery hum. 
Each eager mouth well fed, 

Awhile they sport and jest; 
Then stroking each curly head, 

She sends them to their rest; 
And she darns and patches and sbws, 

And makes old garmouts new; 
And toes and heels, and heels and toes, 

And cobbles the baby's shoe. 



Evil, thoughts are wor.se enemies than lions and tigers ; 
for we can keep out of their vvay, Vjut bad thoughts win 
their way everywhere. The cup that is full will hold no 
more: keep your head and heart full of good thoughts, 
that bad ones may liiid no room to cuter. — S( l<i-li:d. 

vJTJ'V^EISriljE IITSTI^TJGTOK. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTin;R .SATlliHAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sivr/le Cnpy, per Annum iJ.'J 00. 

Single Oojii/, for fiix Months 1 50. 

*jj- (Jniiii lirniidlif to tills City for tlio .Ti'VKXii.K I\si ni rroR will be 
iL'ivivt'd lit llio oIVk-c ufoiir piipur— L>i!,.si-,i(i'.T Nhws ltcn.i>iN<_;s. 



D 



fe!^^ 



'Jxs 



