
fdl 



VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE J. 18()8. 



NO. U. 



s G E 2sr E s 1 3sr jr E lE^ TJ s j^ Hj E JVC 

THE MOUNT OF OLIVES. 



SUPPOSE, my little friends, we take a stroll to-day outside 
the walls of Jerusalem. Let us bend our steps eastward 
and pass out of the city through the St. Stephen's gate, then 
down the steep and stony path into the Valley of Jehosaphat 
and across the bed of the brook Kedron. Further on, we pass 
near to the garden of Gethseniane and then ascend the slopes 
of the Mount of Olives. That is our journey to-day. It is not 
a long one. A walk of something less than three miles from 




the city will take us to the .'^uiiiuiit of the mount. Ouci' ihcio, 
wc can rest and enjoy the beauty of the scenery beneath the 
shade of the church erected by the Empress ll(^lena, on the 
spot from which, [jricstly tradition sayH, Jesus last ascended 
into heaven. It is known as the Church of the A.sceiision, and 
can be .seen on tlie top of the mount in the picture we published 
last wet'k of tlic A'aliey of Jehosaphat, as that includes a por- 
tion of the Mount of Olives as seen from the .'♦juth. 



^^^^ 



*^* 



The Mount of Olives is, above all others, associated with the 
life of Christ. "We read of the mount where he was transfigured 
in the presence of three of the Apostles; of the mount where he 
blessed the people, but none of them saw so many scenes of his 
life or heard so much of his teachings as Olivet. It stands out 
in contrast with the most noted mountain of the Old Testament 
— Mount Sinai. On the summit of Sinai, amid the fierce thun- 
der nnd vivid lightning, and the trembling of the ground, God 



liroclaimed the law which was to be as a schoolmaster to bring 
Israel to ('hrist. On the summit of Olivet, beneath the sliaile 
of its olives and myrtles, Christ hiin.sclf revealed many of the 
precious truths of the gospel which were to be the unerring 
guides to lead men to God if they would only give heed to 
them. Hero, too, in these last days, an apostle of .Tcsus dedica- 
ted the land to the re-gathering of Israel, and already the return 
of the former and latter rains gives glad promise of Canaan's 



'^i\ 



k'Cf 









Hi 






ancient fertilit3' being restored to welcome Israel's returning. 
The view from the summit of the mount is very lovelj'. It 
must have been far more so in the days of David or Jesus, 
when the land teemed with life, and the corn and the grape, 
the olive and the fig filled each valley and hill side with fragrance 
and beaut}'. Even in its present barrenness it is full of interest. 
To the west, across the ravine, lies the Holy City. From no 
other spot can we obtain so complete a view of its extent and 
situation, as fioni here. The Mosque of Omar, the citadel, the 
church of the Holy Sepulchre andmany of the gates are plainly 
visible. Nor are they much beneath us, for the summit of 
Mount Moriah, where the temple was built, is 2,200 feet above 
the level of the sea, and we, on the summit of the Mount of 
Olives, are only 2,398 feet above that level. Scarcely 200 feet 
ditference. To the north of us lie the mountains of Ephraim; 
to the south the hill country of Judah. Then, in the distance, 
to the north-east, we can see the valley of the Jordan, with 
here and there a glimiise of the sacred river pouring its waters 
into "the accursed sea" — as many call the sheet of water more 
generally known as the Dead Sea. And deep in the valley, 
some fifteen or twenty miles in a straight line to the east of us, 
sleeps that same sea in all its desolation. Between us and it 
lies a rocky, mountainous country, across which we hope some 
day to take our little readers, and in some future number show 
them a view of the Dead Sea. Our engraving to-day gives the 
view to the east, of which we have just been talking. Close by 
is the rocky country, then the northern end of the sea, and, 
beyond that, the mountains of 3Ioab, called after one of the 
sons of Lot, whose children dwelt in that land. Along the 
eastern slopes of those mountains Israel journeyed when led by 
iMoses, and afterwards by Joshua to -the land of promise. 
While they were passing, the King— Balak— .sent a prophet to 
curse Lsrael. His name was Balaam; but the hand of the Lord 
was upon him, and whenever he opened his mouth to curse the 
Israelites, the curses were turned to blessings. Many of our 
little friends will remember how the Lord put words oven into 
the mouth of his ass to rebuke him. 

It was from one of those peaks, it is not known which, that 
Moses viewed the Promised Land, whose beauty and fertility he 
was permitted to see but not enjoy. There God took him to 
himself, and there akso, where no human eye could .see or ever 
discover, the Bible tells us, God buried him. 

In No's. 22 and 23 of our second volume, we gave views of 
the garden of Gethsemane and the Mount of Olives as seen 
from the north; these, with the engraving in our last nundjer. 
will give a good idea of the present appearance of that part of 
the country. (}_ j^_ 



J^or the Juvenile Imsiruclor. 



C U A P T K R XVIII. 



AS the' people returned to their homes, they spread the word 
abroad to a great distance, that Jesus had appeared and 
ministered to them, and that he was coming again on the mor- 
row. The excitement was very great, and the people were .so 
anxious to be present next day, that many toiled and traveled 
all night, lest they should bo belated arid not be in time at the 
place appointed, when Te.,us should make his appearance: and 
when a great njultitude had come together, Xejihi and the rest 
of the twelve di.scii)les whom Jesus had chosen, went and stood 
in the midst of the people. 

The multitude of people assembled was so large that Nephi 
and hi.s brethren divided them into twelve .separate bodies, and 



-tz 



'13M. 



the twelve apostles prayed in their midst. After which they 
all arose and the apostles instructed the assemblies of people 
by repeating vrord for word what Jesus had spoken to them on 
the preceding day. Then again they knelt and prayed to the 
Father in the name of Josus, that the Holy Ghost might be 
given unto them. 

When they arose, the whole multitude followed the twelve 
apostles to the water; and Nephi went down into it and was 
baptized, and after he had come out of the water, the Holy 
Ghost fell upon them and they were filled with the Holy Ghost 
and with fire. And the appearance of fire came down from 
Heaven, in the sight of the whole multitude, and it encircled 
the twelve apostles around, and angels came out of Heaven 
and ministered to them. And while the angels were minister- 
ing to them, Jesus also came and stood in their midst. 

What a glorious scene for mortal eyes to behold! Let us 
pause a moment and reflect on the wonderful grandeur of this 
interesting spectacle, as it was then presented to the view of 
the astonished multitude. Jesus the Son of God, who had 
died to redeem the world — had been resurrected, and had 
ascended on high, stood there in the presence of that vast 
assemblage of people, with twelve apostles whom he had chosen 
to preach the gospel of life and salvation on the Western Con- 
tinent, all encircled in flame, and forming one of the grandest 
and most beautiful of tableaux ever gazed upon by an earthly 
audience. 

Jesus then spoke to the multitude and commanded all to 
kneel down upon the earth, and he commanded his disciples to 
pray; and when they commenced to pray they prayed unto 
Jesus and called him their Jjord and their God. 

And Jesus went a short distance from them and bowed him- 
self to the earth and gave thanks to his Father that He had 
given the Holy Ghost unto his chosen ones; and he prayed for 
them, and also for all those who should believe in him through 
their words. And when he returned to his disciples he blest 
them, and as he smiled upon them, the light of his countenance 
fell upon them, and they became as white as the countenance 
and as the garments of Jesus, which were beautifully white, 
above all earthly whiteness. 

On that occasion the manifestations were great and marvel- 
ou.s — they could not be written; and Jesus told them it was in 
consequence of their great faith, which was greater than he 
saw at any time among the Jews at Jerusalem, where none had 
seen and heard as great things as were shown' to them. 

Then, although there had been none brought, Jesus took 
bread and wine and after he had blest it he gave to his disci- 
ples, and they gave it to that great multitude. And when 
they had all eaten and drank they were filled with the spirit of 
God, and gave glory to Jesus whom they both saw and heard. 
And he said, "Behold, now I finish the commandment which 
the Father hath commanded concerning this people, which are 
a remnant of the house of Israel." Jesus also taught the 
little children, and loosed their tongues and they spoke great 
and marvelous things, even greater than had been revealed to 
their fathers. And he healed all that were sick, lame, blind 
and deaf, and also manifested his power by raising the dead. 

He explained many of the words of the prophets recorded 
in the Old Testament; and commanded the people to read them 
that they might understand what God had purposed concerning 
ihe inhabitants of the earth. And he foretold all things from 
that time "until he should come in his glory; even until the 
elements should melt with fervent heat, and the earth should 
be wrapt together as a scroll, and the heavens and the earth 
shall pass away — when all kindreds, nations and tongues shall 
stand before God, and be judged of their works." 

So great was the power of God poured out upon the people, 
that the next day after Jesus had appeared in their midst the 





>r^U. 



t-h-n -^ 

second time, they came together, and they heard and saw the 
little children, even babes open their mouths and speak marvel- 
ous things, which they were forbidden to write. And from that 
time, the disciples began to baptize and teach in the name of 
Jesus all that came to them. And Jesus often showed himself 
to them and often broke bread and blest it and gave to them, 
which he commanded them and all his saints to do in remem- 
brance of him until he comes. 

These are the last days, and God is now preparing a people, 
even the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, that 
they may be pure enough to receive Jesus, and abide his pres- 
ence at his coming. E. R. S. 






83 



fTitcU Sip{^g3sr||'§ 



t^i* %i 



•\^ I S I T 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

s:2^ 1 1 1 . 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

AS it wanted a few months of the time the ship sailed for 
America, papa and mamma made a list of the articles 
they would want, and commenced disposing of all the property 
they could dispense with; so as not to have everything to do in 
a hurry at the last moment. Herein they manifested their 
wisdom and forethought, in being prepared and ready to go 
without any hurry or excitement. The means had been sent 
to the Office at Liverpool, to defray their passage over the sea. 
It was at the Liverpool Office that all business was done in 
chartering ships, publishing the "Millennial Star," a weekly 
publication, instructing the Saints and warning the people of 
judgments to come, and other works. Bloneys were sent from 
all parts to the Office to secure berths on some ship that was 
being chartered to carry passengers across the ocean. Some 
ships carry five hundred persons; some more and some less. 
A berth is a sleeping department in the ship large enough for 
a small family. As the emigration season draws near, it is a 
very busy time in the Liverpool Office, a great many emigrants 
are entirely ignorant of emigration matters, and all business 
has to be done for them with very few clerks, and requires very 
great patience and forbearance on their part to answer the 
hundred questions demanded of them. 

No one has any idea of the labor and toil attendant upon the 
emigration of two or three thousand persons, numbers of whom 
have never been twenty miles away from home in their lives, 
and who have from their earliest days alwa3's been furnished 
with a week's work, and their pay in gold or silver eveiy Sat- 
urday night. They naturally grow into such a "hand-to- 
mouth," dependent life that almost entirely unfits them to 
combat with the realities of life. This is the condition of the 
dependent cla.sses in all countries; they ari.se early in the morn- 
ing, go to their daily labor, and work hard all day, having 
half an hour for breakfast, one hour for dinner and half an 
hour for sujipcr, or tea as it is called. When Saturday night 
conies there is their jiay, and when the rent of the rooms and 
expenses are paid for living, tliey have but a very sn)all sum 
left for "a rainy day." AVIien the year's toil is ended they are 
no better off than when they commenced; but frequently in 
debt. As a general thing it is the poor and dependent classes 
that embrace the gospel, and it is like carrying them in your 
arms to emigrate them. Here is manifested the blessings of 



wisdom and order, in the system that is adopted for the emi- 
gration of the Latter-day Saints, which will be developed in 
the journey of Mary and Ellen to the gathering place of the 
people of God. A few months passed away without anything 
particular transpiring, to demand our notice. One morning, 
as the family was seated at breakfast, two sharp knocks, rat-tat, 
were heard at the door. 

"Oh there's the postman, mamma," said Mary, and flew to 
the door. 

The postman was dressed in a red coat with brass buttons, 
and black pants and a high hat; his business was to take the 
letters from the district post office, and carry them to the 
houses of the persons to whom they were directed. In a short 
time Mary was back holding in her hand a letter. 

"Oh papa," said she, "it is a letter fiom Liverpool," 

Papa opened the important document in silence; all were 
eager to hear the news, especially Mary and Ellen, who had 
scarcely thought of anything but going to Zion. 

"Yes," said papa, "it is our notification to get ready to sail 
next month." 

Mary and Ellen clapped their hands for joy. The notification 

paper informed them that Mr. , the president of the 

mission, had chartered the fast sailing clipper ship "Goloonda," 

which was to sail on the of March, 185 — . It gave a 

description of the rations allowed by law per week, so much 
ship's bread, (sea biscuit) salt beef, salt pork, oatmeal, sugar, 
etc., etc.; also that every emigrant was to furnish himself with 
bed, bedding and tinware, etc., etc., and that they were 
required to be in Liverpool at a certain date to be prepared to 
go on board ship. This important document was read by papa 
to his wife and daughters. He did not know much about 
emigrating, but he had adopted the maxim "never to be in a 
hurry;" therefore, he began to calculate the time he had to get 
ready in, so as to give his employers a timely notice and have 
everything ready to start. As he was on his way to his em- 
ployment he went to a tinner's and ordered two good water 
cans to be made of block-tin, also cups, plates, and such other 
utensils as he had learned from the notification he would want, 
having them made from the best material that they might last 
and be of service on the ship and on the plains. 
( To he Continued. ) 



J^ C3- O O ID 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

S T O I?. ^- . 



OUR Susa is not yet three years old, but, hke the majority 
of the httle daughters of Deseret, she is quick to under- 
stand — very talkative, sen.sitive and sympathetic. 

The other day, Susa's father was reading of the suffering, 
from famine, of some of the people of Denmark. The little 
girl listened with much attention while her father explained to 
her how the little children there had to go hungry and many 
of them die for want of food. 

Next morning Susa left most of her breakfast untouched. 
While her mother was clearing up the table things, she called 
the cat to cat what Susie had left en her plate, when the little 
one cried out eagerly, in her baby way, "Don't, don't, mam- 
ma, kitty can't have that! I left it for the poor, little, hungry 
children. Let them come here, mamma; let them eat on my 
plate and sleep in my bed; and don't give kitty what I left for 
them when they are so hungry!" LuLA. 



A righteous man regardeth the life of his beast; but th^ 
tender mercies of the wicked are cruel. 



^C:^ 




J -9 
IK. 



CTTJ'VEIsriLEl 




ItTSTI^TJOTOI^ 



n 



/^(p? 






JUNE 1, 18 08. 



EXHTOIt. 





EIDITOK.I.A.XJ THOTJG-IiTS- 

HILDREN who have read the Instruc- 
tor from the beginning ought to know 
something about the Indians. There have 
been a number of articles published in it 
about them. When America was dis- 
covered by white men from Europe the In- 
dian race covered the continent from the 
^ ^ Atlantic to the Pacific. There was not a 
Cr^^^^&O P'*''^ ^^'^^ "°'' ^ blsck 'face to be seen any- 
) 15^. V^^^ where from one end of the land to the other. 

i ^iK/^^ All the people then were red. The West India 
Islands, the first land discovered by Columbus, 
were also peopled by the same race. 

The Book of Mormon teaches us that these 
people were the children of Laman and Lemuel, 
and other men who were white, but who, because of 
■yy / " their wickedness, brought this curse of a red skin upon 
AAi^ their children. White men formerly lived in Americi. 
"-^ >^ They Tare the children of Nephi and others who 
joined him; but they were all killed off by the Lanianites. 
^Vhen the Nephites were destroyed, the red men spread all o ver 
the land and split up into nations and tribes. Some of these 
were much more advanced in civilization than others. The 
white men who first visited Mexico and Central and 8outh 
America were astonished at discovering states which h.id long 
lived in a high degree of civilization and luxury. Their cities 
and monuments were very magnificent. It was in Central and 
South America, according to the Book of Mormon, that the 
iS'ephites prinripallj' dwelt and flourished, and the ruins of 
cities and buililings which have been found, of late years, by 
travelers are said to be wonderfully grand. They are without 
doubt the remains of cities which the Xephites built and where 
they dwelt. 

In the.se mountains, and throughout the Great Basin, the 
red men, when first discovered by the white*, were low 
and degraded and but a little above the brutes in many 
things. The eastern country was peopled by a much nobler 
race. They were a wild and ferocious people, yet they built 
villages and cultivated the soil to some extent. Even as late as 
the revi;lution, when the thirteen colonies fought with Great 
Britain for their indejiendence, the Genesee valley presented 
the aiipearanee of civilization. There was not a wilderness 
I'eature in the scene. The country appeared to have been culti- 
vated for many generations. The race of Indians that then 
irdiabitcd that Cduntry were said to have no knowledge of the 
earlier cultivators of the soil. In 1770 their farms, orchards 
and ganlens would have been creditable to any white race. 
But generally the dwellings ol'thc Indians were of the simjilest 
and rude.'»t character. On some pleasant spot by the banks of 
a river, or near a spring, they rai.sed tlieir groups of wigwams, 
made out of the bark of trees. They could easily take these 
diiwn and remove them to another spot. Their villages were 
sometimes surrounded by upright sticks of wood planted in the 
ground to defend them against the attacks of their enemies. 
Skins, taken in the chase, served them for bedding. In this 
western country, whore timber is scarce, their dwellings, or 
ludges, are ujadc out of skins. Bark would be diflicult to ob- 



tain, and skins an.swer a better purpose, as the western trihes 
travel about more than the Indians in the east did. 

When the whites first landed in America the red men were 
disposed to treat them with kindness and assist them all they 
could. But, as a general thing, these kind feelings did not la.st 
long. In almost every place the settlers and the Indians soon 
got to fighting. The colony of which William Penn was the 
leader was an exception. He settled in what is now known as 
Pennsylvania, and he and his people treated the Indians with 
great kindness, and did not have to fight with them. But in 
other places the whites took advantage of the Indians in many 
ways and treated them with great cruelty. This conduct the 
red men resented. Year after year they saw the whites in- 
crea.sing around them, taking po.ssession of their lands, breaking 
up their hunting grounds and spoiling their fi.sheri(!-. How 
could they stop thi.s? By waging war against the whites? 
They felt that they had been terribly wronged by the whites; 
and in return they inflicted dreadful vengeance upon them. 
The tales of their ei'uelty are horrid. A writer has expressed 
their feelings towards the whites in the following lines: 

"Before tlieir coming, we liarl ranged 

Our forests and our upland free; 
Still let us keep unsold, unchanged, 

The heritage of Liberty. 
As free .as roll the ehaiule-ss streams, 

Still let us roam our am-ient woods; 
As free as break the morning beams, 

That light our mouutaiu solitudes. 

"Touch not the hand they stretch to you; 

The falsely-prolfer'd cup put by; 
Will j-ou believe a coward true? 

Or taste the poi.son'd draught, to die? 
Their friendship is a lurking snare; 

Their honor but an idle breath; 
Their smile the smile that traitors wear; 

Their love is hate, their life is death." 

The prevalent idea outside of the Latter-day Saints now is 
that the Indians will soon all perish. There are very many 
people who think they ought to be killed ofi' like so many wild 
beasts. And they do not hesitate about killing them whenever 
they have a chance. This is very wrong, and ho who kills an 
Indian, unless in self-defence, is as much a murderer as if he 
killed a white man. God will punish those who do such things. 
There are many promises made by the Lord in the Book of 
Mormon to the Indians. The gospel of Jesus Christ is to be 
declared unto them. They are to come to the knowledge of the, 
truth, and many generations shall not pass away among them, 
before they will become a white and delightsome people. 

Do not allow youivelves, children, to imbibe the ideas about 
the Indians so commonly entertaiued at the present time, 
namely, that they are good for nothing but to be killed. They 
are the descendants of Abraham, the friend of God. God 
covenanted with their fathers that, in the last days, he would 
remember and save them. They have a great work to do yet 
among the Gentiles. They are the Lord's battle-axe, and He 
will use them to do Ilis work. Many of them may perish, but 
a remnant must be saved. 



The love of play is congenial to children, as it is congenial 
to the little lambs to romp and frisk about. There is no harm 
in children liking to play. Improper play, and improper times 
of jilay, are what should be avoided, for there is where the harm 
or evil may be ibund. 



i 



Depart from e\ll and do good; seek peace and pursue it. 



^^C9 



1^^ 



^ 0" TJ "V E IsT I Xj El 

vo/. 3 ^ie>, // 






90t 



THE 



JFor the Juvenile Instructor. 

E a- Y zpT - 



ALONG- the tanks of the Nile, from the site of ancient 
Memphis for a distance of 1,500 miles, there are found in 
various places, buildings of the shape represented in the en- 
graving. 

Imagine such a building on one of our city blocks of ten 
acres, rising gradually to a hight of 500 feet, and you have an 
idea of the magnitude of the larger pyramids! 

Many are much smaller. At Ghizeh, near where Memphis 
stood, there are nine, the smallest .seventy feet high. At other 
placeSj higher up the Nile, they vary from 150 feet to S.'iO feet 
high; and still further up that river, at Meroe, there are 139 
pyramids of various sizes. 

Two or three thousand years before Christ it was the custom 
in ancient Egypt to bury the dead in vast tombs, the body first 
being subjected to a process which arrested decay. This pro- 
cess We call "embalming,'' and the body thus preserved we call 
a "mummy." Those who were rich had large sums expended 
upon them, and were placed in very grand tombs; the grandest 
we call pyramids, and 
they were for the kings. 

Sometimes, favorites of 
the king were buried in 
these tombs; great men, 
warriors, legislators and 
others. The readers of 
the JirvTiNiLE Instruc- 
tor will remember that 
George Stephenson, in 
our day, was buried 
among kings in Westmin- 
ster Abbey. 

Many have supposed 
that the children of Is- 
rael built the pyramids. 
No doubt they assi-sted in 
such works, for the prae 
tice of embalming and 
burying in such places 
was still in fashion, and 
the kings of those days 

were not likely to be less ~ -^i--3is.i!.«:iv<!feii<-r;ai;V-S)i 

ambitious than their predecessors. At all eventt^, many of 
these edifices are built of unburnt brick, such as the Israelites 
worked in, and it is aot unlikely that such haid work may be 
alluded to in the first chapter of E.vodus: "they made their 
lives bitter with hard bondage, in mortar and in brick, and in 
all manner of service in the field, etc." The scene in the en- 
graving is intended to represent the Children of Israel at their 
labors in making bricks or adubies, under their taskmasters. 

The reason for taking so much care of the dead among the 
Egyptians, appears to have been a belief in the resurrection. 
It was taught by the priestfi that, after a certain period, they 
would need their bodies again. The rich had the most valuable 
spices used in the process of embalming; the body was handled 
very carefully and richly ornameiite<l. (Jold was placed upon 
the finger nails, precious stones were used to decorate; some of 
the most beautiful gems can he seen in the cabinets of tlie curi- 
OU.S, which have been taken from tlie jicrsonagcs of the once 
great men of those times. Tiie jioor people were also embalmed, 
but in a rougher way, much in the same way that wo preserve 
skins: they were put into jtits and subjected to a kind of tan- 
ning process. 




For many ages the pyramids have been ransacked by the 
Arabs, who have broken into them and stolen the treasures 
deposited with the dead. No doubt many tombs containing that 
which is of far more value than gold, namely: records of the 
past, are yet undiscovered, and will remain so until the Lord 
shall reveal them. 

Little did the mighty kings of ancient Egypt think that a 
tim.e would come when the sacred recesses of the jayramids 
would be desecrated by the tread of the people they so much 
despised, and to whom they felt themselves so superior — the 
Arabs and Ethiopians. Little did they dream that in four thou- 
sand years a people would carry off their embalmed monarchs 
and publicly expose them as curiosities! No seer arose among 
them, to make known that millions of the poorer dead should 
bo used as fuel in "the latttei-days," to feed the devouring lire 
of our modern locomotives. Now, man utilizes the dried re- 
mains of his fellow-inan for fuel, and the proud Pharoahs are 
unrolled from their cere-cloths (a cloth smeared with wax by 
the embalmers) to be gazed at by the thoughtless of this gener- 
ation! 

Many curious things are found when mummies are unrolled: 
gems, elaborately wrought by the hand of the engraver, beads 

of amber, jasper, coral, 
pearl, amethyst, and oc- 
casionally of more valua- 
ble stones are found. 
Some of them are shajicd 
ike beetles, some like cu- 
rious birds, etc. These 
were symbols, it is sup- 
posed, of the deities tlicy 
worshipped in the land of 
Egypt. 

All the pyramids attest 
remote antiquity — all bear 
witness of a people who 
understood laiiguage, the 
arts and sciences, and who 
were anxious to perpetu- 
ate their memory to ttie 
latest time. In this they 
have failed. Many of their 
names have come down 
in connection with deeds 
which prove the kings 



ot ancient J^j-ypt to have been mighty warriors; but when they 
lived cannot be determined with certainty. The names of many 
of the kings cannot be ascertained, and the order in which they 
reigned is very doubtful. Still, the vast edifices stand as me- 
mentos, which will probably en lure as long as the earth shall, 
that the builders of the pyramids were giants in conception 
and execution in reference to architecture, and that they were 
animated by a refined feeling of veneration for their dead. That 
the jiyratiiids were for the burial place of the kings is estab- 
lished by rep .i(ed i\ lorations, that they contain records graven 
in the rock of granite which forms the interior cavities where 
the dead have been repeatedly found, that there are many 
other cavities yet undiscovered, is extremely probable from the 
sniallncss of the space compared with their vast cubic coiiten;.-; 
the interior chambers of the largest being, as coiii|iared with 
the mass, only 5(1, (100 feet in 8',l,02.S,0OO, or one fifteen hundred 
and ninetieth oi' the whole. That they wore not intended to lie 
intruded ujion tiic groat secresy shown in the structure of the 
interior gives evidence; although, no doubt, the idea of sanctity, 
usually associated with such places, to a people like the ancient 
Egyptians, wa.s a sufficient safeguard against violation. That 




i§Sef- 



\T^ 




£--7. '!nrT^i=^T '^*'^r'^»^--^'t^agg.-g-.-ggj^F^jaaEM:T^rai: BEJi^ 



0" TJ ^ E! I^ 1 1-. El UsTSTZR^TJCTOK. 



% 



/y6. 



^r 



they have failcl in answeriug the end has not arisen frem any 
defect in contrivance, so much as in the force of circumstances 
and a want of forethought or experience in the fate of nations. 
All the groat nations of antiquity have a moral to which the 
modern natons would do well to listen; "They who take up 
the sword against their fellows, shall perish by the sword;" 
aud they who oppose the purposes of Jehovah, which the 
ancient EL'vptians did, would do well to ponder over the fate 
of the Builders of the Pyramids! Beth. 



BOiiN 1599; DIED 1658. 

BY NATHANIEL HAWTHORN. 



NOT long after King James the First took the place of Queen 
Elizabeth, on the throne of England, there lived an Eng- 
lish knight at a place called Hinchinbrooke. His name was 
Sir Oliver Cromwell. He spent his life, I suppose, pretty 
much like other English knights in those days, hunting hares 
and foxes, and drinking large quantities of ale and wine. The 
old house in which he dwelt had been occupied by his ancestors 
before him for a good many years. In it there was a great 
hall, hung round with coats of arms, and helmets, cuirasses, 
and swords, which his forefathers had used in battle; and with 
horns of deer aud tails of foxes, which they or Sir Oliver 
himself had killed in the chase. 

This Sir Oliver Cromwell had a nephew, who had been 
called Oliver after himself, but who was generally known in 
the family by the name of little Noll. His father was a young- 
er brother of Sir Oliver. The child was often sent to visit his 
uncle, who probably found him a troublesome little fellow to 
take care of. He was forever in mischief, and always running 
into some danger or other, from which he seemed to escape 
only by a miracle. 

Even while he was an infant in the cradle, a strange accident 
had bel'allen him. A huge ape which was kept in the fiimily, 
snatched up little Noll in his fore-paws and clambered with 
him to the roof of the houso. There this ugly beast sat grin- 
ning at the afl'righted spectators, as if he had done the most 
praiseworthy thing imaginable. Fortunately, however, he 
brought the child safe down again, and the event was after- 
wards considered as an omen that Noll would reach a very eleva- 
ted position in the world. 

One morning, when Noll was five or sis years old, a royal 
messenger arrived at Hinchinbrooke, with tidings that King 
James was coming to dine with Sir Oliver Cromwell. This was a 
high honor to be sure, but a very great trouble; for all the 
lords and ladies, knights, squires, guards and j-eomen who 
waited on the king were to be feasted as well as himself; and 
more provision would be eaten, and more wine drunk in that 
one day than generally in a whole month. However, Sir 
Oliver expressed much thankfulness for the king's intended 
visit, and ordered his cook and butler to make the best prepa- 
rations in their power. So a great fire was kindled in the 
kitchen; and tlie neighbors knew by the smoke that poured out 
of the chimney that boiling, baking, stewing, roasting and 
frj-ing were going on merrily. 

By and by tlie sound of trumpets was heard, api)roaching 
nearer and nearer; and a heavy, old-fashioned coach, surrounded 
by guards on horseback, drove \i\> to the house. Sir Oliver, with 
his hat in liis hand, stood at the gate ready to receive the king. 
His majesty was dressed in a suit of green, not very new; he 
had a feather in his hat and a trij'le ruH' around his neck; and 
over his shoulder was slung a hunting-horn instead of a sword. 



Altogether he had not the most dignified aspect in the world', 
but the spectators gazed at him as if there was something 
superhuman and divine in his person. They even shaded their 
eyes with their hands, as if they were dazzled with the glory of 
his countenance. 

"How are ye, man?" cried King James, speaking in a Scotch 
accent, for Scotland was his native country. "By my crown, 
Sir Oliver, but I am glad to see ye!" 

The good knight thanked the king, at the same time kneeling 
down, while his majesty alighted. When King James stood 
on the ground, he directed Sir Oliver's attention to a little boy 
who had come with him in the coach. He was six or seven 
years old and wore a hat and feather, and was more richly 
dressed than the king himself. Though by no means an ill-look- 
ing child, he seemed shy, or even sulky; and his cheeks were 
rather pale, as if he had been kept moping within doors, 
instead of being sent out to play in the sun and wind. 

"I have brought my son Charles to see ye," said the king. 
"I hope, Sir- Oliver, ye have a son of yom- own, to be his play- 
mate." 

Sir Oliver Cromwell made a reverential bow to the little 
prince, whom one of the attendants had now taken out of the 
coach. It was wonderful to see how all the spectators, even 
ti.e aged men, with their gray beards, humbled themselves 
before this child. They bent their bodies till their beards 
almost swept the dust. They looked as if they were ready to 
kneel down and worship him. 

The poor little prince! From his earliest infancy not a soul 
had dared to contradict him; everybody around him had acted 
as if he were a superior being; so that, of course, he had 
imbibed the same opinion himself. He naturally supposed 
that the whole kingdom of Gteat Britain, and all its inhabi- 
fmts, had been created solely for his benefit and amusement. 
This was a sad mistake, aud cost him dear enough after he had 
ascended his father's throne. 

"What a noble httle prince he is!" exclaimed Sir Ohver, 
hfting his hands in admu'ation. "No, please your majesty, 1 
have no son to be the playmate of his royal highness; but 
there is a nephew of mine somewhere about the house. He is 
near the prince's age, and will bo but too happy to wait ou his 
royal highness." 

"Send for him, man! send for him!" said the king. 

But, as it happened, there was no need of sending for mas- 
ter Noll. Yv'hile King James was speaking, a rugged, bold- 
faced, sturdy little urchin thrust himself through the throng 
of courtiers and attendants, and greeted the prince with a 
broad stare. His doublet aud hose, which had been put on 
new and clean, in honor of the king's visit, were already soUed 
and torn with the rough pluy in which he had spent the morn- 
ing. He looked no more abashed than if King James had 
been his uncle, and the prince one of his customary play-fellows. 

This was little Noll himself. 

"Here, please your majesty, is my nephew," said Sir Oliver, 
somewhat ashamed of Noll's appearance and ^demeanor. 
"Oliver, make your obeisance to the king's majesty!" 

The boy made a pretty respectful oljei-.ance to the king, for 
in those days children were taught to pay reverence to their 
elders. King James, who prided himself on his scholarship, 
asked Noll a° few questions in the Latin grammar, and then 
introduced him to his son. The little prince, in a very grave 
and dignified manner, extended his hand, not for Noll to shake, 
but that he might kneel down and kiss it. 

"Nephew," said Sir Oliver, "pay your duty to the prince." 

"1 owe him no duty!" cried Noll, thrusting aside the prince's 
hand, with a rude laugh. "Why should I kiss that boy's 
hand-.-"' 



/ 



F ^ . y_^iK^eu^1b^raa:xissn^^ECi^ 




^^jaBaa-ataijinn" TFTT'S 



■t:jjiifAS.iA=a-sa.-jiHFV^it=.^jp>L^Ti 



1 &.vmM. Tfsma'Jin^ 



/^O. 



J" TJ "V IB 3^ I H. E 



7 






t- 




All the courtiers were amazed and confounded, and Sir 
Oliver most of all. But the king laughed heartily, saying 
that little Noll had a stubborn English spirit, and that it was 
well for his son to learn betimes what sort of a people he was 
to rule over. 

So King James and his train entered the house; and the 
prince, with Noll and some other children, was sent to play in 
a separate room, while his majesty was at dinner. The young 
people soon became acquainted; for boys, whether the sons of 
monarchs or of peasants, all like play, and are pleased with 
one another's society. What games they diverted themselves 
with I cannot tell. Perhaps they played at ball — perhaps at 
blindman's buiF — perhaps at leap-frog — perhaps at prison bars. 
Such games have been in use for hundreds of years, and 
princes as well as poor children have spent some of their happi- 
est hour's in playing at them. 

(To be Continued.) 



§iu3tJajpTi||. 






TBI IE 




FTER the Twelve returned from their 
English mission Joseph requested them 
to take the burden of the business of 
the Church at Nauvoo, and especially 
that pertaining to the selling of the 
Church lands. At a special conference 
which was held in Nauvoo, August 16th, 
1841, Joseph stated to the people there 
assembled that the time had come when 
the Twelve .should be called ujion to stand 
their place next to the Fii-st Presidency, and 
attend to the settling of emigrants and the busi- 
ness of the Church at the Stakes, and assist to 
bear off the kingdom victorious to the nations. 
They had been faithful, and had borne the burden 
in the heat of the day, and it was right they should 
have an opportunity of providing something for 
themselves and their families, and at the same time 
relieve him, that he might attend to the business of 
translating. At this conference the Twelve selected 
a number of Elders to go on missions to various cities. Joseph 
stated to the conference that he wi.shed the cities of Nauvoo, 
Zarahemla, Warren, Nashville and Ramus built up. 

On the 12th of August Nauvoo was visited by a con.sidera- 
ble number of the Sac and Fox Indians. They came there to 
see Joseph. Tlniy were conducted to the grove where meetings 
were usually held, and Jo.seph instructed them in many things 
which the Lord had revealed to hini concerning their fathers, 
and the prouii.ses that were made concerning them in the Book 
of Mormon. He advised them to cease killing each other and 
warring with otlicr tribes, and to keep peace with the whites. 
His counsels and instructions were intcri)rcted to tlicni. "Keo- 
kuk," the leading chief, replied he had a Book of Mormon at 
his wick-e-up, which Jo.sejjh had given him .some years before. 
"I believe," said he to Joseph, "you arc a great and good 
man. I look rough, but I also am a son of the Oreat Spirit. 
I've heard your advice — we intend to (|uit figliting. and follow 
tiic good talk you have given us." Aflcr this conversation, 
they were feasted by the breliiron with fiod, melons, etc., and 
they gave the people a specimen of their dancing. 



S5S^- 



On the 2nd of October conference commenced in Nauvoo. 
By request Joseph preached on bajitism for the dead. His 
remarks were listened to with intense interest by the large con- 
gregation. He said that those Saints who neglect this doctrine, 
in behalf of their dead relatives, do it at the peril of their own 
salvation. The dispensation of the fullness of times will bring 
to light the things that have been revealed in all former dispen- 
sations; also other things that have not been before revealed. 
On the day that the conference commenced, Joseph and his 
counselors laid the corner-stone of the Nauvoo House. The 
conference adjourned on the .5th. 

On the 8th of November the baptismal font under the main 
hall of the Temple was dedicated and baptisms for the dead 
were attended to for the first time in it on the 21st. President 
B. Young, and Elders Heber C. Kimball and John Taj'lor 
baptized about forty persons, and Elders W. Woodruff, Geo. 
A. Smith and W. Richards confirmed them. By the revelation 
of this glorious- principle the hearts of the Saints were greatly 
comforted and cheered. They had the privilege of going forth 
and acting in behalf of their dead relatives and friends, who 
could not act for themselves, and who, while they lived in the 
flesh, were ignorant of the gospel. Joseph's own words in rela- 
tion to this principle are very plain and forcible. He says: "it 
is no more incredible that God should save the dead, than that 
he should raise the dead. * * * This glorious truth is well 
calculated to enlarge the understanding, and to sustain the soul 
under troubles, difficulties, and distresses. For illustration, sup- 
pose the case of two men, brothers, equally intelligent, learned, 
virtuous and lovely, walking in uprightness and in all good con- 
science, so far as they had been able to discern duty from the 
muddy stream of tradition, or from the blotted page of the 
book of nature. One dies and is buried, having never heard 
the gospel of reconciliation; to the other the message of salva- 
tion is sent, he hears and embraces it, and is made the heir of 
eternal life. Shall the one be a partaker of glory, and the 
other be consigned to hopeless perdition? Is there no chance 
for his escape? Sectarianism answers, none! none!! none!!! 
Such an idea is worse than Atheism. The truth shall break 
down and dash in-pieces all such bigoted Pharisaism; the sects 
shall be sifted, the honest in heart brought out, and their 
priests left in the midst of their corruption." 

There were a number of bad men in those days, who, pro- 
fessing to be Latter-day Saints, were guilty of many evil prac- 
tices. Not content with doing wrong themselves, they tried to 
lead others to engage with them by telling them that Joseph 
knew all about their acts, and that he had given them authority 
to steal. They endeavored to screen themselves by using 
Joseph's and Hyrum's, and other leading men's names. They 
said it was not wrong to take anything from a Gentile; the 
prophet Isaiah had said that Zion should suck the milk of the 
Gentiles; and Micah had .said that the gain of the Gentiles was 
to be consecrated to the Lord and their substance to the Lord 
of the whole earth. ^Vhen, therefore, they stole property from 
men who did not belong to the Church, they said they were 
"consecrating," or they were "milking the Gontilps," and jus- 
tified themselves for so doing, and called it perfectly right. Of 
course, whenever such actions became known, the whole Church 
had to take the blame; for these wicked men told that it was a 
doctrine of the Clmrch and that Joseph had taught it. This 
wickedness was a cause of sorrow to Joseph and Hyrum and 
the leading Elders. They did all they could to bring such 
things to light, and they cut everyone off from the Church 
whom tliey knew to be guilty. Joseph and Ilyrum each pub- 
lished statements informing the Church and the puLlic that 
such doctrines hiul ncYcr been taught by them, and that they 
held themselves and their proj)crty ready to be used to sui)iiort 
the laws in punisliing nioii guilty of stealing and other crimes. 



n^^ 




(»/»%,_ 



ol. 



CTTJ^Ein^ILE! in^STI^TJOTOI?. 



They made oath to these statements before the nia_voi- of the 
city and a justice of the peace, and published their affidavits. 
The Twelve Apostles also published an epistle, in which they 
spoke in very strong language about those thieves, and quoted 
from the Book of Doctrine and Covenants to show what the 
Lord had said about those who would rob and steal. 

Our little readers will probably think it strange that Joseph 
and his brother Ilyruni and the Twelve should take such pains 
to make it known that they did not teach men to steal. It 
would not be neeessar.v to do so now. No person who knows 
Piesident Young and his Counselors and the Twelve would 
think for a moment that they would teach such doctrines. 
Yet, since we have lived in these valleys, thei-e have been bad 
men who have taught ignorant boys that stealing was right, 
and that President Young knew what they were doing, and 
they had liis counsel about such things. We trust tliat the 
day has past when boys will believe, or be deceived by, such 
lies. The children go to Sunday School, and have the Juven- 
ile Instructor to read, and are better taught now than they 
were formerly. A boy must be very ignorant indeed now who 
does not know that it is wrong to steal, cither from the Gentiles 
or the Saints. In the daj-s of Joseph the Church was young, 
many of the members were ignorant. Wicked men took 
advantage of this ignorance by saying that stealing the prop- 
erty of the Gentiles was one of the "mysteries of the king- 
dom." They said that Joseph believed and taught it, but 
be bad to do it in secret, for the time had not yet come, they 
said, for him to teach it openly. Joseph knew that the ene- 
mies of the Church were ready to take every advantage they 
could of him and the people. If they could make men believe 
that he taught people to rob and steal they would be enraged 
against him and the Saints, and would approve of their being 
mobbed and killed. On this account Joseph, Hyrum and the 
Twelve took the trouble they did to make their views known. 



AVe have received the following 
Charade in No. 'J; 



poetical answer to the 



From Siddim's vale they fly, the vanquished kings, 

One who escaped, to Abnim tidings lirings; 

The patriarch his servants arms in liaste 

Bj- night attacVis tlieir foes and lays tlienn waste, 

liOt is brouglit Ijack, his wives and household things, 

Tlie holy Icing of Salem kindly brings 

Both bread and wine and spreads a welcome feast — 

There stands tny first, Melchisedek the I^riest. 

When the dear babe goes forth completely dressed 
To be \>y ail admired, by all caressed; 
How every charm attracts the wondering eyes, 
Kach feature seen creates a new surprise. 
'Tis then my second gets its share of praise, 
As nameless beauties meet the anxious gaze: 
"Ju.sl look," they cry, "how beautiful and good," 
Look at the darling little Tootsey's Hood 

The living oracles of Ood were slain 
And earth was clothed in darkest night again; 
Apostles, prophets, holy men were dead; 
The church was left without a living head. 
Then priestcraft nourished — Satan hail his way 
And ruled mankind with most despotic sway; 
Till Heaven gave back rny whole to banish night, 
The PitlESTHOOD wa,s restored and all was light. 



Therefore I love Thy commandments above gold; yea, 
gold. 



fine 



For the Juvetdle Instructor. 

0-A.a?:BOi3:iS3yc 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



Republished from No. 9, with their answers: — 



121. For what purpose was a meeting held in Liberty, Clay 
county, June 29th, ]83t)? 

To take measures to have the Saints driven from that county. 

122. What diarges were alleged against the Saints? 

That they were eastern men, whose ''luanners, habits, cus- 
toms and even dialect" dilfered from the people who were 
opposed to them; that they were non-slaveholders; and that 
they were alleged to keep up a constant communication with 
the Indians on the frontier. 

123. Why were the Saints compelled to leave the county? 
Because they were eastern men and non-slaveholders. 

124. What has since occurred in the same region of country? 
Armies led by eastern generals have traversed the State, 

freeing the slaves and inflicting all the horrors of civil war 
upon the people. 

125. Where did the Saints move to; and when did they com- 
mence moving? 

To Shoal Creek, in the September and October following. 

126. What was the county soon after named? 

A portion of the country, where they settled, was incorpora- 
ted in December, and called Caldwell county. 

127. What was the name of the city which was laid outthere? 
Far West. 

123. When was the ground broken in it for building a House 
of the Lord? 

,Tuly 3rd, 1837. 

120. Wlien was the "Kirtland Safety Society" organized as a 
banking institution? 

In the beginning of 1837. 

130. What particularly characterized the summer of 1837 at 
Kirtland. 

A spirit of speculation in lands and property of all kinds 
took possession of the men; evil surmisings, fault-linding, 
disunion, dissension and apostasy followed; and a time of 
great trial for the Church was passed through. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

o h: j^ E. -A. H) E . 



BY JOS. H. PARRT. 



I am composed of 1 7 letters. 

My 3, 2, 4, 11, IT, y, is a country in Europe. 

My 17, 15, 11, 1, 10, is a cape in Europe. 

My 14, 1, 6, 16, is a sea in Europe. 

My 14, 9, 2, 5, 4, is a city in Europe. 

Wy 6, 13, 2, 7, 8, is a city in Europe. 

My 12, 7, 15, 15, 1, 13, is a town in Europe. 

My whole is a country in South America. 






Is piMisheil in Halt Lake City, Utah Teiritory, 
ON THK 1-TKST & FIFTEEXTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Auuum $3 00 

ijiugle Copy, for Six Moutlii, 1 50 

t'S" It r-» erpceted lehcre agcnt.t forward nainex the}/ will be re.fjiojisibte 
or the papers thu.\ ordered': and when t\j.t/t jmijment/f are made, thry 
will jileuse /urward them with the tetter containing the jiatncjt o/ the 
suljs'Ttber.^. 

ag- Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent Jor 
Cache VaUry. 
. etg- Grain brovghl to this City for the Juvenile Instructor wlllbe 
1 received oL Uic oJ!ice of uur paper— VKasHKT News Builbings. 



I 






IT iinHMW^y— gam 



J<(fi 






