
isrEAArFOXJ3Nrr)Xjj^i>TnD t^-Intid thie cjojd :fi£'. h: 



WEhaveafew inleresting little pictures to jne-ont fo our 
youthful readers, which illustrate how Cod fith arc 
caught and how they are cured ibr use. 'J'o make this plain 
wo will divide our subject into three 'lart.-: first, the (i.--h; next, 
their home; lastly, how they are caught and cured. First 
then, ibr the fish. 

The Cod belongs to the same family of fishes as the haddock, 
whiting, ling and others, which fann^y is distiiiL'ui<hed by 
characteristics, some of which are a smooth, ohlong l)ody, 
covered with small, soft scales; a ^caleless head; 'jtei'al eyes, 
jaws supplied with several ranges nt' unequal, jioiutcd tcclh. 
and a small beard at the tips of the lower jaws. 

There are eight species 
of Cod described as being 
found in North American 
waters. The American 
Cod is the common species 
of the New England 
coast. The color of the 
back of this fish when 
alive, is a light olive- 
green, which turns to a 
>iale ash when the fi^h 
dies, and is covered with 
numerous reddish or 
yellowish spots; the belly 
is a dusky whito. i^till 
the color of this species 
is very variable, some are 
very dark, some are very 
light, and some are a 
bright red color. These 



i;k C. d. 



COD-PI 

iS.mjo of 




ast are called lun 
these fisli grow to a very large size; the la!;;"-'t we eve" heard 
of weighed one hundred and seven ])ounds, bat tht avoragc 
weight is about eight pounds. 

The common or bank Cod, so well known all over the world 
as an article of food is taken on the Grand bank in the deep 
water off the coast of Xewfbundland, Nova Scotia, and Labia- 
dor. It is a thick, heavy fish, sometimes weighing as much as 
ninety pounds. Its color varies, but it is generally a greenish 
brown fading into a.sh in the dead fish, with reddish yellow spot- ; 
the belly is a silvery opaque white, and the fins a ]iale grien. 

The Cod is abundant along the coast of the North Pacific 
Ocean, particularly in the region of Alaska. It also swat ms 

ong the west and north shores of Norway, and is iound in 



the Baltic and North seas, and o& the coast of Iceland, the 
Fame, Orkney and AVestern Islands. 

Tlii.s fish is a great eater and not very particular in the choice 
o'' its food. It will dev ur every thing that comes in its way in 
the shape of snnll fish, marine worms and shell fish. Indeed 
tl;e Vj'td is quite a help to naturalists as a collector of deep sea 
specimens which it would be almost impossible to get at in any 
other way, and many are the specimens of rare and new shells 
which naluralists have obtained from its capacious stomach. 
Tlie Cod is very prolific. The roe has more than once been 
ib.Liid to be half the gross weight of the fi.sh. Some specimens 
of the female ti h have been caught with more than eight 

million eggs. Were all 
these eggs to come to 
ni-itarity, a pair of these 
creatures would in a few 
years fill the ocean; but 
only a small portion of the 
eggs ever come to life, 
and only a small percent- 
age oi' the fish ever grow 
to maturity. The best 
authorities hold that it Is 
an animal of slow growth 
but its habits have not 
been sufficiently investi- 
gated to enable the learn- 
ed to give with certainty 
many detailsof its private 
life in its deep ocean 
S5H1NG. iio^e. 

Soma few years ago it was generally believed that those fish 
male great migration-, or traveled to great distances at certain 
seasons of ihe year. Naturalists now assert that "the theory 
of the iiiigr.uion ol the fish, once a general notion, is now 
known to ue a popular delusion and has been abandoned by all 
scieutifia naturalists. The migratory instinct in fish is a.scer- 
taiiied to be very limited, merely leading them to move about 
a little from their feeding ground to their spawning ground — 
from deep lo shallow water. In fact there are in the world of 
waters great fish colonies, as there are great seats of population 
on land; and thesecoloniesare stationary, having comparativelj' 
but a limited ratige of water in which to live and die. All 
around the shore nf Newfoundland are numerous banks, or 
submarine elevations of greater or less extent, which coiistitu 






146 



J-TJ'VElsriLE insrSTI^TJGTOE.. 




the feedin? and breeding ground-; of the Cod; and each of 
these has its own fish colony which live and die within a limited 
range of their own habitat (dwelling place). They do not 
intermingle with other colonies or invade their domains. This 
is proved by the well known fact that the Cod of different 
looiiiities are marked by distinctive features and qualities .... 
So, too, the vast fish colonies of the great banks, at a consider- 
able distance from the shores, diifer from shore fi-h, being 
larger and finer, and, except a few adventurous individuals 
that roam from Iiome, are not found at any di-tunee fi-om the 
lilaee of their birth. The bank and .•:^hore fi.-h. keep to their 
respective homes. 



J^TJSTI?>-^X-.I.A.. 



BY O. .T. T. 





TO the compass, which is .said to have widened the seas, and 
the telescope, -which has extended the heavens, we are 
lar'^elv indebted for many strange and wonderful discoveries 
in our own and in the stellar worlds which surround us. 

Man is variously described by different authors as the nnimal 
that cDoks, and the animal that laughs, and he might perhaps 
with equal propriety be 
termed the migratory or 
investigating animal. 
History does not reach 
far enough into the past 
to give us any account of 
a time when he was not 
anxiously searching for 
the philosopher's stone, 
which should transmute 
all metals to gold, for the 
fabled fountain of jiereu- 
nial youth, or something 
more wonderful still, of 
which his mind, borne 
along ou the breeze of 
ntopian hope.'', perhaps COD-i'ldiiiiNG.- 

toriued no adequate conception. To this prying, imiuisit ve 
and acquisitive disposition we may chiefly ascribe the many 
wonderful discoveries of newly found lands and seas and 
unknown race.s. 

Among the .stransest of these comparatively new countries 
stumbled upon by "those who go down into the sea in ships," 
we may safely class Australia, that continent 

". . . . 'midst the green isbmfU of glittering seas, 

"Where fragrant forests perfume the breeze; 

And strange bright birds on their starry wings. 

Bear the rich hues of all glorious tilings." 

Australia lies almost opposite to us on the globe, and 
may be described as peculiarly oppo.site in various respects. 
For instance, when it is summer here, it is winter there; 
When we seek a warmer clime, -we go south; whereas, the 
Australian must go north. At certain sea>ons the trees in 
this country shed their leaves, but in Australia many of them 
shed their bark. The oak tree of that country only flouri.shes 
near the water, and resembles in external appearance our pine. 
The cherries have a convenient habit of growing with the 
.stones on the outside, and the bees have no sting; while in 
some parts you need not put your hand in your pocket for 
hange to purchase peppermint-drops, as they fall like snow 



flakes from toe leaves of the trees, and are much sought after 
and hiL'hly reli.shed by the juvenile Australian. 

In some parts of the interior no rain whatever falls during 
the year, while in other parts of the country copious rain 
storms are plentiful, and countless varieties of plants and trees 
flouri-h in the most luxuriant profusion, festooned with vines 
and parasitic plants of growth so rank that jjenetration is next 
to impossible without cutting a passage. 

These forests and the plains adjoining are infested with 
many animals peculiar to this quarter of the globe. Many of 
them are nvirsupi'ih, that is, thev are so constituted as to be 
able to carry their young in pouches when the little ones are 
too young to provide fiu- their own safet.y. The most remark- 
able of this cla's is the kangaroo, which springs along the 
ground by prodigious frog like leaps. These singular animals 
move about in droves and are quite as abundant there as our 
antelopes are here. Some of them are so large that one has 
been known to seize a man in his irms and bear him off with 
the evident intention of trying to drown him in a neighboiing 
wafer bole. Then there are flying squirrels and flying foxes, 
as well as an animal called the dingo (a species of native dog), 
and a beautiful little sjieckled cat, whose character is sadly 
marred in the estimation of the hu.sbandman by an overween- 
ing fondness for poultry. There are al.so quadrupeds there 

with hills like birds, and 
amphibious fish that leap 
over the ground by means 
of their fins; also black 
sjwans and white crows. 
[It is said tliat the 
vhite cockatoos fly about 
ihere in flocks as noisily 
and as numerous and are 
q-jite as destructive in 
their habits as the carrion 
crows in this country.) 
The emu is a large bird, 
resembling the ostrich, 
but much darker in color; 
it is perhaps needless to 
CLi^ii^or- U.UUSE. say that this bird cannot 

fly, but depends for safety on his legs, wdiich are so powerful 
that he can kill a dog with a single stroke of his foot. Parrots 
are more abun lant than any other class of birds. The mutton 
bird of the vicinity cannot fly, but burrows in the sand, and is 
a stable article of food for the natives. A pigeon about the 
size of a sparrow is f_mnd there, also a gigantic species of 
crane, easily tamed, but retaining a somewhat dangerous 
preiilect;ion for children's eyes. Large milk-white hawks are 
common, as wjII as a bird with a voice like a stentor, called the 
laughing jackass; but the tui, or parson bird, similar in size 
and color to our blackbird, with the exception of two white 
feathers resembling a clergyman's bands d(3pending from the 
breast, is said to be more noisy than' anything else on the 
island. We may reasonably conclude from the name apidied 
to this bird that reverence for jjarsons was not the distinguish- 
ing characteristic of the muscular Christians who first emi- 
grated to that country at the expense of the parent gov- 
ernment. 

The native Australian is somewhat ingenious and eminently 
successful in his method of hunting ducks; he covers his head 
with a large green sod, and, submerging his body, wades out 
to where the ducks are disporting themselves in the water, and 
when near enough, seizes the unsuspecting canvas-backs by 





G-TJ"V"En^ILE insr STI^TJCTOI?. 



147 




the feet, and, dragging them suddenly undt'i- the water, dis- 
patches them one after another until he is'!5atihfied with the 
sport or has secured all he requires. 

The boomerangof the native Australian is a most formidable 
weapon in the hands of an expert. "'It is made of hard 
wood, from twenty to thirty inches in length, two to three 
inches in width and about half an inch thick, and is curved 
in the middle at an angle ot one hundred to one hundred and 
forty degrees. When thrown from the hand with a (luick, 
rotary motion, it describes very remarkable curves, often 
moving almost horizontally a long di.-tance, then curving 
upward to a considerable hight, and finally taking a retrograde 
direction so as to fall near the place from which it was thiowu, 
or even fiir in the rear ot it. ' ' 

The little readers of the Instructor have pnibably he;nd 
of "Old Uncle Ned," that renowned colored individual who 
"had no hair on the top of his head." Well, that isn't a circum- 
stance to what the Australians can boast of in that line. Tliey 
have a whole tribe who have no hair on the top of the head, 
nor on any part of it, and, what is even niore renjaikai.lc, 
never had any, and in all humm jiruKaMlity never will have 
any, unless that gentleman from iScw Yoik can be per uaded 
to go out there with his hair restoring onguent. 

In the foregoing I have touched upon r ut a luw of the 
remarkable anomalies of Australia. It is certaluiy a v.o..uerfnl 
couniry; but man does not seem satisfied with the nniarkable 
di.-coveries already made; he seems to imn^er and thir.-; for' 
something yet unknown — for other woilds to confjue;-, and 
vessels are scouring the seas and expeditions traversing ;.utr:ed 
fields in order to gratify that thirst for knowledge winch .-oems 
to be implanted within the human brca,-t. Even as we write, 
adventurous individuals, at ihe risk uf their live.s, and appar- 
ently regardless of the melancholy fate of [(receding expedi-; 
tions, are boldly pushing their way nurihward, witli the 
evident determination to either jjieice tiic icy l»arriers which 
surround the pole or perish in the attempt. And shouli they 
succeed in reaching the placid waters of Dr. Kane's ojiin 
polar sea anl be peraiitted to gli le ca my on ove.jits i nr ,f e 
surlace, what may they not discover? It is impossible to 
conjecture! 

"There are more things in heaven and earth 
Than are dreamed of in our philosophy." 




A PARTY of four men were traveling in New England, 
intent upon making the most limited vacations from 
business and study. They rode or walked as circumstances 
dictated, turning aside from the usual thoroughfares whenever 
there was promise of pleasure. They liad heard of a newly 
discovered water-fall in the depths of the forest, and looked 
about for a guide who would lead them there. 

"Guess Forrest Graves 'ill go 'long with you," said an old 
farmer of whom they had made some inquiries. "Come to 
think on't 'twas him who saw the falls fust of anybody. You 
go right up the road a quarter of a mile or so, and then turn 
off into a lane, and keep on till you come to a house. There's 
where Mrs. Graves lives; and if you can find her boy to home, 
he'll tell you more 'bout outdoor things than anybody else 
round here," "Strange, youngsters want to go trauq'ing 
round that fashion," muttered the speaker, as the company 
walked on the way he had dictated. 

The plainest house, and yet everything around it bespoke 
the refinement and taste of the occupant. Peins draped the 



small widows, climbing into the very eaves, and creeping over 
the moss grown roof. A plot of ground devoted to flowers, 
bore witness in its arrangements and blending of colors to a 
true artist's liand. 

"We are looking for a guide to the waterfall.'' said the young 
man who had knocked at the cottage door, removing his hat 
in presence of one whom at first glance he recognized as a 
lady. 

"My son has guided a few parties," was her reply. "I wUl 
call him." 

A single bugle note was answered with a shout, and direct- 
ly the boy came in view. "Thorough-bred!" was the comment 
made by one, and never was this term u.sed more fittingly. 

"Forrest Graves" services were tuip'.oycd, and the party be. 
ing aheady provided with food for the day, they set out at 
once, the guide walking in advance with a quick elastic step, 
which was the envy of his ci ni) airons. He did not intrude 
ujion theni. lie «a^ ^inl| !y luting as theii' guide, and spoke 
only when addressed or when incessaiy to gi\e iheni some 
direction. 11': led them to sonir de-ired ]ioint, wfi'n he with- 
drew to a .sh'Mi ujstaiice, vet standing where he ci uld see the 
glancing water. 

He looked up ;iad auiund to note the posiaon of the ,sun 
and said: 

"In about tdi: uiinuic- a raini'nw will .-pan (he fall." 

They waited expectani. GiaOuaby the arch grew to 
perfection before their .gaze, and tLen a< gradually disap- 
jieared. 

"Anything to be s-ecn up stream?' 

"Nothing to be comp. red with thi-' i-epliedForiest. "You'll 
find it haril ciiuii.lirg, IjuI .\ou will need no one to show the 
way. "I'll wait for you here aiid keep guard over your haver- 

S. 

They were not long g<ine, returning half famished, as they 
protested, and glad m iind that tables and plates h-ad been 
improviseil for the occa.ion. 

"Can I be ui' any a-sislaiice? ' asked their guide. 

"Yi)U can assist in finaiiy disposing of our provisions," was 
die hearty reply. 

"Thank you 1 ha^e my own lunch along," and again the 
boy went awa.y by himself. 

Later, when full justice had been done to their repast, and 
a fla>k of brandy had furnished each with a stimulating 
draught, Forrest Graves was called. 

"You must drink with us if you will not eat with us," now 
said the owner of the flask and the most reckless of the 
party. 

■'No, sir; thank you," was the boy's courteous response. 

"But 1 shall insi.-t upon it." 

"Y'ou can do as you please, and I shall do as I please." 

The young man sprang to his feet, and with a bound stood 
beside the boy too much absorbed in his own puri)o.se to heed 
the quivering lip^ and flashing eyes of another. 

"Now you are bound to try my brandy; I always rule." 

"Y'ou cannot rule me." These words were scarealy uttered 
when the fla-k was seized and hurled into the stream, where 
the clinking of glass betrayed its utter destruction. Then a 
clear defiant tongue rang out: "I did it in self-defence. Y^ouhad 
no right to tempt me. Jly father was once a rich man, but 
died a miserable drunkard, and my mother came here to keep 
me away from liquor till 1 should be old enough to take care 
of myself I've promised her a hundred times that I 
would not taste it, and I'd die before I'd break my prom- 
ise." 





148 



JTJ^E11^II-.E IISTSTI^CCTO^^. 




■'Bravely said. Forgive me, and let us shake hands. My 
mother would be a happy woman if I was as brave as you. I 
wouldn't tempt you to do wrong. I shall never forget you, 
Forrest Graves, nor the lesson you have taught me." 

The most reckless was the most generous, and .'eeiug his 
error, apologized frankly. How many boys need to l.e kept 
from strong drink; and, alas! liow many men and women! 
Who dares tempt them? Let it not be you or I. 



TJnSTDrBI?. THIE SHSTCAA^. 



Frmn ''All the Ytar Round.' 



( Continued. ) 




"T had much rather wait for you," I said. "Grandfather, 

1 with his lame foot, stands in great need of a good night's 
rest. 

There hung over the fire a boiler which I legaided with 
greedy eyes. My father understood the signal, and served us 
some soup made of maize-flour and milk, which Ave ate, like 
soldiers, all out of one bowl. It was agreed that we ^hould 
all go down together next day, which was ye,-teiday. After 
which, I we.it to bed and fell asleej), without paying much 
attention to what was said by my fatber and grandi'atl er, vho 
had a long conversation in an under tone after their suppci-. 

Next morning I was c-|uite .-urpri.-cd to see 'he n'ountalii all 
covered with white. The .^now was still fallirg with urnimal 
heaviness, being driven by a violent wind. I : hcv.ld have 
been highly amused. li;;d I not remarked my i'elat'"i:s' aiixiel}'. 
I was very unea.sy myself, when I saw my grprd fir her tiy to 
take a few steps, and drag himself along w!lb groat difficulty, 
supporting himself by the farnituvc au'l ag; in>t the wall. 
Tbe accident of the day before had caused hi.s foot to swell, 
and made it very painful. 

"Go," he said. "Lead, away the child. 1 ef"ie the snow is 
dee]ier. You see it is ini|>ossible for me to ai couiiKiny you.' 

"But do you suppose, father, I can abanden yon in that 
way?'' 

We spent a good portion of the day without coming to a 
decision. We had still hopes that assistance would be sent to 
us from the village. I said that 1 was liig enough to do with- 
out a guide, and to helji my father to drive the herd. My re- 
presentations were of no use; my grandfather persisted in his 
resolution. He would not exjiose us (o danger, by becoming 
a burden on u<. 

My father insisted, almost angrily. I we)it while I witne~.'ed 
the painful altercation. At last I contrived to put an end to 
it, by saying, "Leave me also in the chalet; j'ou will reach 
home all the sooner. You will come back with sufficient hi Ip to 
fetch us. Granilfather will have somebody to wait u|)on him 
and keep him company. We shall take care of one another, 
and Providence will take care of us both." 

"The boy is right," my grandfather said. "The snow 
is already so dee]) and the stoim so violent, that I apprehend 
more danger from his following yoti than from his staying 
with me. Here. Francois, take my stick, it is a strong one and 
pointed with iron. It will help you down the mountain, as it 
helped me up. Let the cows out of the stable;leave us the 
goat and all the jirovi.sions which remain. I am more anxious 
about you than I am about myself " 

When my father was on the point of starting, I gave him 
a handsome flask covered with fine wicker-work, which was a 
sent from my mother, the first time I came up to the 



ch ilet. It contained wine which I had provided for my grand- 
father the day before. He pressed me in his arms. 

Wo drove out the herd, which afipeared much surprised to 
find the earth covered with snow. Some oi'the cows seemed at 
a loss to find their way, and kept running in circles round the 
chalet. At last they congregated in a body, and setoff in the 
right direction. At a very few paces distant, both my 
ftther and the herd di-appeared. being lost to sight in the 
wliiiN of snow. When we saw them no longer, m.y grand- 
father appeared to follow them with his eyes raised to 
heaven. 

We were roused from serious thouglits by the increasing 
violence of the wind. We were wrapped roucd by a curtain 
of thick Idack clouds, and nightfall came almost suddenly. 
Nevertheless, our wooden clock had only just struck three. 
We had been so anxious all day long, that we had never 
thought of taking food, and I was dying of hunger. At that 
moment. I made grandfather listen how the goat was bleat- 
ing. 

"Poor Blanchettel" he said. "She wants to be relieved of 
her milk. She is cal'ing us to come and do it. Light the 
lamp; we will go and milk her, and then we will- sup." 

The wind roared loudly ; it forced its way under the 
bardeanx of the roof, making them rattle; j'ou would have 
fiincied the whole roof was going to be carried away. 

"Don't be aiarmed," my grandflither said. "This house 
has resi.-li'd many a like attack. The bardeanx are laden with 
very heavy stones, and tlie lonf with its .slight inclination, 
gives very little hold to the wind.'' 

Wb:n the goat saw us -.lie redoubled her bleating; she 
seeuKvi a if she w.iuld break her rope to get at us. How 
greedily ,-he licked the few grains of salt which I offered in my 
hand. She g;ive us a large pot of milk. I stood in need of 
it. IMy grandfither said, as be returned to the kitchen, "We 
mtist take good ru'c not to forget Blanehette ; we must feed 
her well, and milk her punctually morning and evening. Our 
life depends on h'.r=." 

After supiier. we sat down by the fire; but the flakes of 
snow which fell down the chimney almost extinguished it. A 
cold draught of air also descended, and w^' could only keep 
ourselves warm by going to bed, after commending ourselves 
by prayer, to the Lord s protection. 

This moining. on waking, T found myself in complete dark- 
ness, and at first .supposed that sleep had left me earlier than 
u*ual; but hearing my grandfither groping his way about the 
room, I rubbed my eyes, and saw none the clearer for that. 
The snow had blocked up the window. 

"The window is low," the old man remarked. "Besides, it 
is probable that the snow has been drifted into a heap on that 
particular spot ; perhaps we should not find it more than a 
couple of feet deep a few paces from the wall." 

"In that case, they will come and help us out?" 

"I hope so; but, supposing that we are to be detained here 
for any length of time, we must see what resources we have; 
when we have done that, we will consider how we can best 
employ thein. The day has dawned, there can be no doubt; 
for the hour-hand of the wooden clock points to sev3n. It is 
fortunate I did not forget to wind it up last night. We must 
always be punctual with Blanchette." 

November 2.3. — Yesterday morning, when we discovered 
that we were more close prisoners than we were the day before, 
we were very much depressed and saddened; nevertheless, we 
did not forget our breakfast and the goat. While grandfather 
was milking, I watched him with great attention. He noticed 




7 



JTJATEn^IXjE insrSTi^U CTOI^ 



149 



it, and advised me to try and learn to milk, in order to replace 
him, in case of need. I made an attempt, which was clumsy 
and unsuccessful at first, especially as Blanehette kept wincing 
and shifting her ground, as if aware of my inexperience; but I 
improved greatly after three or four trials. 

When we had taken stock of our provisions and utensils, we 
wished to know what sort of weather it was out ol doors. I 
went under the chimney and looked up through the only outlet 
which remained open in the chalet. In a f i w minutes, the 
sun suddenly shone upon the snow .vhich io.se around the 
opening to a considerable height I pointed out the circum- 
stance to my grandfather. We could exactly distinguish the 
thickness of the layer of snow, because the chimney does not 
rise outside above the roof In fact, there is simply a hole 
in the roof, the outside chimney having been blown down in a 
storm. . 

"If we had a, ladder," my grandfither said, "you might get 
up and disengage a trap which 3'our father lately fixed on the 
top of the chimney, to keep out cold and wet, until the outer 
chimney is renaired." 

''Never mind the ladder," I rejjied. "I .'^aw in the stable 
a long fir-pole, and that is all I want. I have often climbed 
up trees no thicker than that, and the jiole has still its bark 
on, which makes it easier to mount." 

I set to work, tying a string to my waistband, to haul up a 
shovel after I got to the top. I managed 'o well with Jejt and 
hands, and by pressing against the walls of the chimney as the 
Savoj'ards do, that I reached the roof With the shovel, I 
cleared away an open space, and found that there was about 
three feet of snow on the roof Around the chalet it appeared 
to me that there was a great deal more In f.ict, the wind had 
swept it up into a heap; nevertheless, there mu^t have fallen 
an enormous mass of snow in a very short space. of time. 
Everything round about the chalet is hidden under a thick 
white carpet; the forest of fir trees, which surrounds it in the 
direction of the valley, and which shuts in the prospect, is 
white like the rest, with the exce].)tion of the trunks, which 
appear all black. JIany trees are cru.shcd by the weight; I 
saw large branches, and even ttems, that were broken into 
fragments. At that moment, there blew a strong and bitter 
cold wind from the north; the dark clouds which it drove be- 
fore it opened at intervals. Gleams of sunshine flashed through 
the openings, and ran over the field of snow with the .swiftness 
of an arrow. 

( jTo he Continued.) 




BY J. 



B.VRFOOT. 



{Continued.) 



THE WILD CAT. [Lynx niifas.—.^\-vv\iOii.) 




IX these mountains there are several kinds of animals resem- 
bling the tiger in their habits; the wild cat al.-^o resembles 
it in its structure, color and markings. The American panther 
felis concohr, of Linneaus, is sometimes found in this Territory; 
this animal, when young, is marked like the "barred lynx" or 
wild cat; when full grown it is known as the cougar, or Califor- 
nia lion. The lynx proper, the lynx canadensis of naturalists, 
also found here occasionally; this animal differs from the red 



lynx and wild cat in color, the absence of stripes or bandings, 
and by the cars having erect pencilings, or tufts of hair at the 
tips. The red cat, or "tiger cat," the lynx fasciatus^ of 
llaffinesque, has also got penciled cars, but is without mark- 
ings, and dilBferent in color to the wild cat. This animal is 
getting scarce among us; his visits to the farm-yard and home- 
stead are evidence of this. Even in this city the wild cat has 
been captured when visiting our chicken coops. Probably in 
a few years this beautiful animal wliich somewhat resembles 
a h.ind.sonie, over-grown, dome.-^tic cat, will cease to be seen in 
this Territorj'. 

In confinement the wild cat never loses its ferocity; it is a 
constant source of anxiety to mothers when their children are 
visiting the "menagerie." The office of keeper of such an 
animal is no sinecure eithi r; it requires the utmost vigilance 
to jirevent some of our children from being torn to pieces. 
Fussy is very sly: crouching in one corner, she fixes her eye on 
the visitor who is curiously gazing at her, and only waits for 
an opportunity to use her well armed claw. In this respect 
the habits of the lynx [Jynx caiiadtnsis) are very similar, but 
such a paw ! The wrist of the fore-arm of the lynx proper is 
huge compared with that of the wild uit. The power of 
fixing the eye, and that too without winking, when stared at 
has given rise probably to the expression, "lynx-eyed." The 
mental ],iower of some persons may possibly influence this 
animal; our deceased brother, Martin Harris, one of the 
witnesses to the Book of JMnrmon. certainly appeared to have 
the power to do so upon the occasion of his last visit to this 
city, although so aged — over eighty-eight years. He com- 
manded the animal to shut his eyes, which he certainly did in 
a few seconds. This seemed to satisfy the old gentleman, who 
mu<t have pos.se.ssed considerable will power, which was 
undoubtedly exerted whether it impressed the animal or not. 
Everybody may not possess such a power. A gentleman upon 
one occasion tried to "mesmerize" a wild cat, without success; 
"pussy" not only stared at the operator, but took a mean 
advantage of him when he was making certain "passes" 
towards her, by tearing his liands. It is assumed by those 
who profess the art of influencing by "mesmerism," that that 
effect can be produced by exercising the will of the operator 
on the patient, by which sleep may be induced and more or 
less control exercised over the mind of the person operated on. 
Perhaps the wild cat in question was not susceptible of this 
"influence," if such there be. 

The wild cat belongs to the "carnivores," is "digitigrade," 
and "unguiculate," that is, the feet armed with claws. The 
canine teeth are longer than the other teeth. The fur is full 
and soft; it is prettily marked in stripes on the upper parts 
and sides, as well as the collar and throat and inside the legs. 
It IS white underneath, with spots of the color of tortoise- 
shell or black. The tail has a small black patch at the end; 
the ears are black inside, with a white patch, and occasionally 
a slight penciling or tuft at the tip. 



It is not by regretting what is irreparable that true work is 
to be done but by making the most of what we are. It is not 
by complaining that we have not the right tools, but by using 
well the tools we have. Where we are, and what we are, is 
God's providential arrangement; and the wise and manly way 
is to look oiu' disadvantages in the face and see what can be 
made of them. 




Cheerfulness is the bright weather of the heart. 





150 



0-Tj^sn^iijEi insrsTi^TJOTOi^' 



^ 




^h^ j|ttrcnil^ |(nf}trud0i|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


- - . 


- - 


- EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


JUNE 


2 6, 


1875. 



■EIDXTOT^XJ^Xj thotjg-hits. 



^.^A»-'«W»<1^^ 




E 'Hake it a pvactk-e in visiting the settle- 
ments for the purpose of holding meet- 
ings, to enquire of the Bishops and 
presiding officers how manj- of their bnj-s 
and young men are learning trades, and 
it is rareb'that, even in large settlements, 
we find more than ou-^ or two of the youtli 
who are acquiring a knowledge of any 
mechanical branch of labor. There are 
.several good-sized settlements which we have 
visited where not one boy or young man is 
learning a trade. Tlic reflection forces itself 
upon us: what will become of us as a people !f 
the emigration of mechanics from abroad .should 
' cease for a few years? We should soon lapse into 
■ semi-barbarism, for as the men possessed of skill 
' died oif, and the rising generation did not acquire a 
»^''V^ knowledge of mechauical branches of labor, our 
improvements would become less, and we should soon become 
like many of the South Americans whose only skill seems to 
be to ride on hor.seback an.d take care of herds of horses and 
cattle, anl who live in the most primitive style — in their 
houses, the furnishin<js of their houses, tbolr diet, their dress 
and all their surroundings. 

AVe would hail the establishment of the United Order 
among the Latter-day Saints with gladness, if for no other 
reason than in it, when properly organized, a boy or girl can 
be taught all skilled branches of labor. It will then be to the 
interest of the entire community to develop the talent of every 
member of the community, and to furnish all necessary facili- 
ties, especially for the youth. As it is now, every man has to 
care for his own children. Nobody takes any special interest 
in him or his; but in that order there will be a unity of interest 
and feeling. If a buy has a particular ta-:te for any branch of 
labor, it is iirobaVjle that he will be furnished with the oppor- 
tunity of becoming the master of that labor, and acquiring the 
nece.s^ary skill to work successfully in all its departments. 

Nations acquire importance by the .'^kill of their workmen. ■ 
No nation can maintain a front rank in the e.irth which is 
dependent upon uthcr nations for sujipHos. It is to this fai-t 
that l-aiglaiid and Pr.iiice o^ve their .su])criority as wenlthy and 
powerful nitiiin-^ in tlie earth to-d:iy. If the skilled workmen 
of England weie to fur.-ake her shore-:, the sceptre of coni- 
meree would dmii fVoni b':i- hand and would be seized by the 
nation who<c people possessed the greatest .'jkill. In the days 
of Louis XIV. aii<l other kings of Prance great persecutions 
wore instituted again>t the Protesiants, or. as they were called, 
Ilugu n it'-. A-i a. cons'riu'Mice, tliousaods of these people 
were murdered for thrir religimi, nml thousands fled from 
France to the adjacent countries where tiny conhl enjoy liberty 
of con.-ciencc. UuLoienots were nniong the most skilled peo- 
lile in France, and by this cruel and seii'^eless jiroceeding these 
kings deprived their nation of her manuraetuiins supremacy, 
and gave strength to her rivals. The effect of this emigration 



of French Protestants into England was most marked. She 
advanced rapidly to the front place among the nations as a 
manufacturing power, for many branches of manufacture which 
were peculiar to Fance, were, by means of these poor French 
refugees, transferred to I]ngland So also with Geneva in 
Switzerland and the towns of Holland. 

These les.sons .should not be lost upon us as a people. Every 
boy and girl should seek by every means in his and her power 
to acquire a thorough knowledge of some branch of skilled 
industr}'; for it is skill that pays. A skilled workman in any 
branch of business live-; easier, is more respected, and prospers 
more, if his other habits are good, than the man who lacks 
skill. Wc hope to see the day wdien every boy in our commu- 
nil3', throughout all our valleys, will learn some trade; for if 
he has acqiured a knowledge of it, and it ^hould not be neces- 
sary for him to follow it for a living, it will do him no harm, 
and it may be of great service to him. Every girl who acquires 
a knowledge of some skilled branch of indu>tiy becomes more 
independent, and should she, thnuigh some misfortune, be 
thrown upon her own resources, .she is less likely to suffer 
want than if she were destitute of skill. Therefore we say, 
hoys and girls, learn trades! 



IT is plea.-ing to record instances of the .success of sonic of 
the brethren in canying into operation the United Oaler. 
The labors of Brother Lorenzo Snow in Bo.x Elder County are 
most remarkable in results, and jilainly exhibit what a vast 
amount of good can be acomplished by union and persever- 
ance. There are no less than thirty branches of manufacure 
in successful operation under his direction, and the people are 
learning in a most practical manner the value of union. 
B other Joseph A. Young is successfully carrying on labors of 
various kinds in the settlements of Sevier (Jounty. Farming, 
stock raising and several branches of manufacture are being 
conducted in a manner highly satisfactory, and those engaged 
therein find results that plainly establish the truth of the 
statements so freriuently made by the servants of the Lord 
respecting tho profits that would accrue to the people in carry- 
ing out the counsel that has been given. Brother John Brown 
at Pleasant Grove has also a portion of the people of that set- 
tlement organized in a similar manner, and among those who 
have entered into the organization the best of feelings pre- 
vail. Every day the advantages of being united in that manner 
become more apparent, and if the brethren and sisters who 
are thus organized keep the good spirit, act wisely and main- 
tain their organization the effect upon their neighbors, who 
witness the good results of their labors, will be of a- very en- 
couraging character, and inspire faith in others to go and do 
likewise. 'We have received a letter from lOider David H. 
Cannon, in which he gives an account of a visit made by 
Brotlier A. F. Mncdonald "nd himself to the Kiinab in the 
interest of the Temple. Among other places visited was a 
new settlement situated half way between >It. Carmel and 
Glendale in Long Valley. The place is called Orderville. 
There they found the people oi-ganized as one family, all eating 
toL'ether, but having seiiarat'" rooms to withdraw to after their 
uieab-. The sisters take turns in the kitchen and on being 
questioned they said they were never happier in their lives. 
Tho dining room, which is 24 by .3(i feet in the clear, is con- 
veniently ari-anged. Their liiiiklings. out hou'Cs, corrals and 
.'^heds all give evidences of thrift and indu.stry. There is a gar- 
dener, who takes charge of the family garden and orchard, 
and calls such aid as he needs from time to time from the 
company. They have head farmers, or superintendents, and 





a-TJ^EilsriI-.E XISrSTK^TJOTOI^. 



151 



for every fifty acres of land there is one man and two boys 
assigned, who are supposed to water, hoc and otherwise attend 
to that amount of land. They have a saw mill rented, and, 
after having paid for the use of the mill, the rest of the lum- 
ber they haul and pile up at the settlement; and to judge from 
the amount of lumber stacked on the ground, our correspondent 
says, they will soon have up all the houses necessary to make 
the family comfortable. They also have a dairy, the proceed.s 
of which furnish the cash material for their buildings. Our 
correspondent inquired of the carpenters if they received any 
diiferent wages from those engaged in other pursuits. The 
reply was that all the men received wages (or credit) alike. 
He in piired how it would be when harvest time came. The 
reply was that all hands expected to turn out and secure the 
crops at the proper time. He adds that there is an air of 
comfort and degree of happiness among them that is seldom 
seen in a single family, and if they keep their accounts strict, 
so that they can settle with dissatisfied persons whenever nec- 
essary, he saw nothing to hinder them from going on and 
propering. Bi-sboo H )W,ii'd O Spenjjr is in ch irge of this 
settlement and of the valley and it is under his direction that 
thi< family organization is being carried on. 

We like to hear reports of thi-s kind, for evei-y effort Pt 
union, if carried on in sincerity, calling on the Lord for His 
aid, must result in an increase of experience among the Latter- 
day R:iints. Their minds will be drawn out to conipreheiid 
the pi'ineiples of union, and greit ben^'Sts must unJonbtedly 
flow from attempts of this character. 'We feel to say always: 
God bless every man who seeks to unite the Latter-day Saints 
and draw tliem closer together. 



k: I T E S . 




As this is the season for kite-flying among our juvenile read- 
ers, some facts in relation to kites may prove interesting. 
We suppose that the Cliinese have understood kite-flying 
longer than any other nation. It was a very ancient pastime 
in that nation, and even at this day one of the most popular 
amusements of the Chinese is kite-flying, and they exhibit 
ingenuity and skill in the construction of their kite-. By the 
use of round orifices in theai, supplied wit _ vibrating cord-:, 
their kites produce a loud humming noise, resom':'ling that 
made by a huuuning-t;ip. As the kite is not alluded to by any 
early English author, it is supposed that its u-^e was not known 
among our aneest'irs until probably within the la-:t two hun- 
dred years. But ifi Pjnn^j'lvania a kite bscauu the instru- 
ment of a mo-t beautiful and important discovary in science. 
Benjamin Franklin, with thi> view of testing his theory of 
thunlor and lightning, an 1 the rbiiitity of the electric fluid 
with lightning, constructed at T*hilalelphia, in 17-52, a larsre 
common kite, which he covered with silk instead of paper, as 
less lik',-ly to be affected by the rain. To the ujipur, or per- 
pendicular stick, was affi.'ced an iron point; the string was as 
u<ual of himp, except the lnw.;r end, where here was 
an insulating cord of silk; and at the spot where the hempen 
string terminated, an iron key wis fa-iteued. With this veiy 
simjile apparatu-, elevated in the miil>t of a tliun ler--toi'ni, 
during whicli a shower wetted the hi'inpen string, tlu'reby 
increasing its conducting capacity, Franklin rai-ed electricity 
to the ilignity of a science. He observed tlio loose fibres of 
the string to rise as if erect; applying his knuckle to the key, 
he received a strong spark; repeated sparks were then drawn 
from the key, a phial was charged, a shock given, and all the 
experiments followed which arc usually performed with an 



electrifj'ing machine. No discovery ever produced a more 
intense sensation; -the striking experiments, diversified in form 
were everywhere repeated; in one instance onl.v — that of Pro- 
fessor Riehman of St. Petersburg — with a fatal result; and 
even in that catastrophe the kite was not the instrument em- 
ployed. If any of our young expjrimental readers should be 
ambitious of repeating the feat of Franklin, and bringing the 
lightning from the clouds through the medium of a kite, it 
may be effected with comparative .safety by using wire instead 
of a hempen string. The wire ought to be coiled on a strong 
rod or bar of solid glass, taking special care to hold the glass 
only in the hand. For security, a key sliould be suspended by 
a second wire from that which is coiled round the glass: which 
second wire ma}' be brought into contact with a large silver 
coin, or plate of metal, placed on the ground; and if the key 
be lifted a little from the coin or plate, the electric stream will 
be secL to issue froui the key to the point of atti-a -tion. Al- 
though no fatality is, we believe, reaonled as having attended 
. the esperinient with a kite, great caution ougiitto be ohsei'ved. 
If a sensation reseiu'ding that of a cobweb spreading over £he 
face be felt, it will be prudent at once to throw down the glass 
bar and leave the kite to its fate. 

The kite was also applied by Franklin to a singular use in 
b;(thing. Previous to entering the water, he would allow it to 
aseon 1, and then, lying on his back, suffer himself to be drawn 
across the stream I'V its flight. Bi^h^|l Wilkin-, in his Math- 
ematical Magic, jn'opo-ed a carraiiie with .-ails, like a windiuill 
to be driven bj' the air. In an e.ssay under the title Dajdalus, 
or Mechanical Motions, he de-cribed — and the de.scriiition is 
illustrated b}" a drawing — "a sailing chariot that may, without 
horses, be driven on the land by tlie wind as :-hips are on the 
.sea;" and he added, "that such chariots are commonly used in 
the plain-i of China, is frequently affirmed by divers credible 
author.?." Attempts of a similar nature would appear to have 
been early made in Holland, where, .since its introduction into 
Europe, the kite has been applied in aid of rapid transit on 
the ice of their frozen canals. In the present century, an 
enterprisins and adventurous pedagogue availed himself of 
the artificial kite as a motive power in England. He started 
from Bristol with a lair wind, in a light carriage drawn along 
the high road by kites, and, it was said, actually reached Lon- 
doa. The kite hi-; also been used in Eiigland as a means of 
spreading a net over birds. 

Seamen hive been at all time^ remarkable for fertility of in- 
vention and the ingenuity of their appliances. During- an ex- 
pedition to l<]gypt, in the early p:irt of the present century, 
a party of sailors belonging to a British ship ofwar turned a 
paper kite to amusing account. Among the wrecks of anti- 
quity which surround Alcxan Iria, no ol)ject is so striking amid 
the desolation around, as that popularly known as Ponipey's 
Pillar. This monument oF ancient art, standing in the de.^ert, 
is acknowledged to be the flu3^t column that C irmthian taste 
has produced : while the name expresses th popular belief that 
it was erected by Cx3?ar either to celebrate his triumph over 
Pompey, or to comnjemorate th ; fauij and fite of his rival. 
It is composed of three pieces of red granite, one of which 
forms the pedestal, the centre, of the .shaPt (of one entire mass, 
measuring sixty three feet in heiirht, witli a diameter of eight 
feet), and the third the capital, pre-cnting, of course, a more 
extended area. The Englishmen, having in an exploratory ex- 
cursion through the country admired its elevation — ninety- 
three feet — determined to reach the summit; and for this 
purpose they extemporised a paper kite, which they flew over 
the column. To the kite was attached a stiiig, by means of 






15S 



CTTJ^^EXsTIDliE IltTSTI^TJOTOI?/ 




which they succeeded in -drawing a rope over the pillar ; and 
thus the whole boat's crew contrived to haul themselves one 
after the other, hand over hand, in nautical style, to the top, 
and to stand secure on the capital uf the Alexandrian Column, 
%vhere they announced their success with cheers. The Egyptians 
and the wandering Arabs of the desert below, gazed with 
amazement at the exploit. Before their descent, which they 
eft'ected with equal adroitness, they sang in jovial chorus, 
their national anthem, "liule Britannia! " 



SGEISTES IIT GOl^GI^ESS. 



{Continued.) 




AS soon as the delegates were mentioned there was a flutter 
of excitement all over the Hou.se. Those in the secret 
evidently expected a scene, as the case of the delegate from 
Utah had been considerably canvassed in the netvspapers and 
in private conyersation. The contestant for the seat had tried 
to impress everybody with whom he had conversed with the 
idea that the delegate elect would never be sworn in and that 
he himself would get the seat. His impudence and folly will 
at once be perceived when it is recollected that the delegate 
elect had received a vote of 20, 9G9, while the contestant had 
only received 1942 — a difference ot upwards of 19,000 for the 
delegate elect. If anything had been proved by the election, 
it was that this contestant was not the man whom the people 
wanted. No sooner had the Speaker announced his intention 
to swear the delegates in, and they had walked forward in 
respon.?e to their names to the bar of the House, than Mr. 
3Ierriam, a member from the State of New York, jumped up 
and remarked that "before the delegate from Utah is sworn 
in, I have a resolution which I desire to offer." The Speaker 
remarked that one objection was sufficient at that stage of the 
proceedings to prevent the .swearing in of a member, and he 
therefore requested the delegate from Uiah to step to one side 
until the other delegates who were not objected to had been 
swcrn in. As soon as the oath had been administered to 
tliem, Mr. Merriam offered the following preamble and res- 
olution, upon whiili liD demauied the previous question: 

"Whereas it '.s alleged that George Q. Cannon, of Utah, has 
taken oaths iiicon.5istent with citizenship of the United States and 
v.-itli his obligations as Delegate in this House, and has been, and 
continues to be, guilty of practices in violation and defiance of 
the laws of the United States: Therefore, 

I! jsolved, That the credentials of said Cannon, and his right 
to a seat in this House as a Delegate from Utah, be referred to 
the Committee of Elections, and that said Cann.>n he not admit- 
ted to a seat in this House previous to the report from said 
committee. 

It will readily be imagined that the reading of this resolution 
had the effect to increase the excitement and interest of the 
occasion. Every one in the gallery was anxious to see the 
man whom report credited with being the husband of four 
wives, and opera glasses were levelled upon him from all parts. 
The members themselves, also, were not free from interest; 
they watched with curiosity the effect these proceedings would 
have upon him. He stood at the bar of the House, at a 
p. lint where every eye in the large assemblage conld rest upon 
him, and he had never felt in his life more unconcerned or 
more undisturbed than on that occasion. No sooner was this 
liroamble and rc-olution read than 5Ir. S. S. Cox, of New 
York, sjirang to his feet, and called for the reading of the 
credential of the delegate from Utah. The Speaker requested 

le clerk to read the certificate. It was as follow-: 



United Statks of America, Territory of Utah. 
I, George L, AVoods, governor of Utah Territory, do hereby 
certify' that at an election held in and for the Territory of Utah, 
on the -jth day of August A. D. 1S72, for Delegate to the Huu^u 
of llepresentatives of the United States, 22,91ii votes were ca^t, 
.■f which number George Q. Cannon received 20,909, and Ferry 
E Maxwell received 1,942, ami that 2 votes were cast for other 
persons; and that the said George Q. Cannon, having received 
the greatest number of votes for said office at said election, is by 
me hereby deolsred duly elected Delegate to the House of 
Krpresentatives of the United States from the Territory of Utah 
to the Forty-third Congress, 

In testimony whi-Teof, I have hereunto set my liandand caused 
tlie seal of the Territory of Utah to be affixed. 

Done at Salt Lake City, Uttdi Territory, on this the 11th daj' of 
October, 1872. 

GEORGE L. WOODS, 

Governor of said Territory. 
By the governor: 

George A. Black, 

Secretary of said Territory. 

Mr. Cox then requasted his colleague, Mr. Merriam. who, 
by virtue of having offered this resolution and having moved 
the previous question, was entitled to the floor, to allow him 
to say a word. Mr. Slerriam was di.scourteous enough to not 
grant him what he asked; but proceeded immediately to 
demand a vote, thinking, doubtless, thereby to gag the House 
and ]irevent all discussion upon the question. The parties 
for wh'im he was acting, as well as himself, knew very well 
that this entir.'^ proceeiing was irregular and contrary to all 
precedent; but the ring in Salt Lake City were determined if 
possible to rob Utah of her representation in the national 
council and they were going to accompli h their object at aU 
hazards; and in 3Ir. Msrriam they found a willing instrument 
to carry out their designs. Mr. Co.x again requested Mr- 
Merriam to yield to him for a moment only. He again refused' 
but the House was in no humor to submit to such an out- 
rageous piece of business as this. Before any further pro- 
ceedinss could be had the previous question, as it is called, 
had to be seconded by a majority vote of the House. This 
!Mr. Merriam failed to obtain, and having failed to obtain it 
the resolution passed out of his hands, he lost the control of 
the floor and Mr. Cos by that vote obtained it. 

Mr. Cox then proceeded to argue that he did not reason 
moral questions there, he did not care anything about Mor- 
luonism, but his point was that the delegate elect from Utah 
had A prima facie right to the seat, and in refusing to give it 
to him the House was setting a precedent that might be 
exceedingly dangerous. He hoped the House would not 
depart from the regular established custom, and break down the 
prima-fade certificate of the governor of the Territory. Said 
lie, ''Let us stand by our principle," and afterwards moved that 
the delegate from Utah be sworn in. 

By this time the best minds in the House on both sides 
were awakened to the importance of the case, and the whole 
House became exceedingly interested in the proceedings. Mr. 
Kellogg of Conn, inquired if there was any other credential 
from the governor of Utah. The Speaker replied that he was 
informed by the clerk that this was the only credential. Then 
General Butler of Mass. requested Blr. Cox to allow him a 
single word. Mr. Cox replied that he yielded to him with 
pleasure. He said that he wished to say to the House that 
he did not believe that when a man comes here with proper 
credentials from the proper authority it has ever been the 
custom of the House or ever ought to be that he should not 
have his seat. "Because," said he, "the moment we break 





J"XT-VEi:isriI_iE i:tTSTI^UGTOI?>. 



153 




awiiy from that rule, then in high party times the House 
could never bo organized. That is all that any of us have 
when wo come here." He did not mean to give any opinion 
as to the merits of the case, of which he knew nothing; yet he 
would say that here is a case where a man holds from a 
governor of a Territory the proper credentials, and that 
Territory is entitled to be represcnfd on the floor until some- 
thing should be shown to the House to take away that right. 
Ho therefore trusted that ^Ir. Merriam who offered the 
resolution, would withdraw it and allow Mr. Cannon to be 
sworn in. 

[To he Conti'tiiicd.) 



^ > »^^> ' »-^- 



IVCTJSIG 




• Jany people have an impression that somehow music is not 
just the becoming thing for boys. (lirls may play the piano, 
boys never. "It isn't manly, and how it would look to see 
young gentleman playing waltzes and things like that!" It 
would be paficularly distressing if he played nothing but 
"waltzes and things like that." In fact, a mas-culine pianist 
who habitually did so would bs a melancholy monument to 
musical idiocy. The mere playing of the piano and other 
musical instruments by a boy, or a young man is not in any 
sense unmanly or unbecoming. The plnying of much trifling 
and shallow music might lie both. There are a dozen rea:Mins 
why a boy should study music, only twc of .■my value why he 
should not. 

Every man .should lead a double life. lie >Iiould have an 
avocation and a vocation; a business or calling for the sober 
hours of the day, a pursuit or iot.e;'cst for his evening hours of 
study and leisure. This is not a new inea. It is the coii.lensed 
wisdom of the v,'orld. One thing off.sets the other. Ton much 
business will kill a mnn. There must be a diversion, a ch.inge, 
a turning to thoughts au'l iii-ere-ts other than those of business. 
The business man who eir/ies his ledger h irae is a fool. He 
gains two hours a day, to gain tea j'ears of a shortened life. 
Reinforcements brouglit into line of battle on the run are sure 
to be whipped. They are weary and defeated in advance. A 
daily turning a<ide to other interests keeps a man fresh and 
bright for his reirular business. Of all the pursuits, arts, or 
studies that may be used in this way none so cheap, so interest- 
ing and refreshing as music. 

In the most crowded and industrious life there will come at 
times ])eriods of dullness and enforced idlenes.s. The chief 
danger of such times is the turning in upon one's self morliid 
selSshness and despondency. Nothing will so quickly take a 
man out of himself as music. Sit down to your piano, turn 
to the great and beautiful thoughts of the Tone Masters and 
forget yourself 

"Into each life some rain must fall." 

Among consolers music stands foremost. Nothing more 
soothing and consoling, more sustaining and satisfying than 
music, save love or religion. If a man can play the organ, 
or even the less sympathetic piano, he may without calling 
upon others and in his own way and mood win comfort and 
relief from his playing. 

These are some of the higher reasons why boys should study 
music. There are many others of lesser value. The objections 
are the expense and the fict that for some temperaments music 
seems harmful. Blusic apjjeals so much to the emotions 
that some who practice it become one-sided. Their affections 

d emotions become stronger than their judgment. This is 



certainly true. At the same time it must be noticed that 
such per.sons are naturally weak in themselves. They would be 
no stronger had they never studied music. Frivolity and 
instability are not confined to muMcal people. IMcntal dwaifs 
may be found in any art, science or l.usiness. Music is excit- 
ing and stimulating. So are a dozen other things. There is 
reason and temperance in all things. After all there is one 
safe guide in this matter. Let the boy decide for himself. 
Show him the value of music. If lie cares for it, he will desire 
to study it. If he does not, and the same remark may be 
a))plied to gill-, wa^te no tinie ovcrit. Life is too short to half- 
learn or halt'-Iove anything. As for the expense, any music 
teacher will tell you that as an investment music pays particu- 
larly well. — Si.Ieclcd. 



THIE J^XjB J^TK..OSS. 



Ihis fine bird i-^ po.ssossed oPwonderous powers of wing, sail- 
ing along for days togethe-, without requiring rest, and 

hardly ever flap- 
ping its wings; 
meiely swaying 
itself easily from 
side to side with 
extended pin- 
ions. Some- 
times the bird 
does bend the 
last joint, but 
aiiparcntly only 
for the purpose 
of checking its 
progrf'Ss. like a 
Ifes sL pliickin'iher 
top-saib. It is 
found ill the 
.southei n seas, 
and is \'ery fa- 
mil'ar toall ti o e 
who have v.iyagcd throu^;h that portion of the ocean. Like 
the petrel, it f I'lows the sb!|is fur ths sake of obtaining food, 
and so voracious i.> the bird that it has been observed to dash 
at a piece of blub jer weighing between three and i'our pounds 
and gulp it down entire. After this dainty morsel the bird 
was not able to rise from the water, but yet swam vigorously 
after another piece ':i' blubber on a h.ok, snapped at it, and 
was only saved from capture by the hook breaking in its 
mouth. 




Kind Words for a MoTHF.r^. — Despise not thy mother when 
she is old. Age may waste a mother's beauty, strength., limbs, 
senses, and e-;tati; but her relntion as mother is as the sun when 
it goeth forth in might, forit is always the meridian, and know- 
eth no evening. The p_n-.son mny be gray haired, but her 
motherly relation is ever in the flourish, it may bo autumn, 
yea winter with the woman, but with a mother it is alwaj's 
spring. Alas, how little do we appreciate a mother's tender- 
ness while living! How heedless we are of all her anxieties 
and kindness! Bat when she is dead and gone, when the 
cares and coldness of this world come withering to our hearts, 
when we experience how hard it is to find true sympathj' — 
how few will befriend us in misfortune— then it is that we think 
of the mother we have lost. 





154 



jrTJVEn^IXjE! Il^STI^TTCTOI^. 




OIT THE 

book: oip lyn o Ry ivE o zst . 



KEIGNOFTHE JUDGES. 




LESSON XCI. 

Q.— When Moroni received permission from the governor to 
humble the king-men what did he do? 

A. — He spnt his armies against them. 

Q. — "What then occurred? 

A.— Many of the ktng-men were slain, their leaders were cast 
into prison, and many Hgreed to fight for their country. 

Q.— While Jloroni had been engageil in putting down this 
insurrection what had thf Lamanites done'' 

A. — They had entered the land of Moroni. 

Q. — Didthej' meet with much resistance'' 

A. — Xo; the Nephites being weak in numbfrs, fled from their 
cit es which were immediately seized by tlie Lamanites. 

Q.— As Amalickiah with his army were pursuing the Xephite=, 
whom did he meet? 

A. — Teancum, with his army. 

Q. — Whattlien happened' 

A.— A great battle was fought in which the Nephites wtru vic- 
toriou-. 

y._How long did tliis battle lasf 

A. — Until it became dark. 

Q. — Where was it fought'' 

A.— Near the border of the land Bountil'ul. 

Q.— Whi-n was it fought"' 

A.— On the last day of the twenty-filth year of tin' rci,i;ii of 
the judges. 

Q.— What did Teancum do that night? 

A.— Taking a servant with him, he stole into the enemy's ca.no 
and slew Amalickiah with a javelin. 

Q. — When he returned to his troops what orders did ho 
give? 

A.— He ordered his army to be in readiness, as he expected an 
attack when the Lamanites di^c^ivered what had been done. 

Q.— On the contrary what did they do? 

A. — They fled southward into the fortified towns they had 
taken. 

Q — Who became their king? 

A. — Ammoron. the brother of Amalickiah. 

Q. — When Teancum saw they were determined to hold their 
fortified towns, what did he do^ 

A. — He kept his army at work round about making fortifica- 
tions. 

Q. — What orders did Teancum receive from Moroni? 

A. — He was ordered to retain the prisoners he had taken and 
to fortify the narrow pass which was near the land Bountiful. 

Q. — What did Ammoron do in the meantime? 

A. — He took an army and attacked the Nephites on the west 
side of their territory. 

Q.— After Moroni had protected the west side what did 
he do'' 

A. — He marched to assist Teancum on the east. 

Q. — What city was Teancum preparing to attack? 

A.— Mulek. 

Q.— Why did he not attack it? 

A. — He saw it was too strongly fortified. 

Q —In the beginning of the twenty-eighth year of the reign o( 
the judges what was done? 

A. — Moroni held a council with his captains to see what was 
best to do. 

Q. — What did this council decide upon doing? 

A. — They decided on sending an invitatiim to the commander 
Mulek to come out with his army and meet them. 



iiesfion^ am! ^nsurcr^ 
oisT ti3::hi bible. 



FIRST BOOK or SAMUEL. 



LESH0N XCI. 

Q. — On the following day as they were passing out of the city 
what did Samuel say to Saul'' 

A. — "Bid thy servant pass on before us, but stand thou still 
awhile, that I may shew thee the word of God." 

Q. — When the serv;int had passed on wh-t did Samuel do? 

A.— He took a vial of oil, and poured it upon the head of Saul 
and kissed him 

Q. — While doing so, what did Samuel sa.y? 

A. — "Is it not because the Lord hath anointed thee to be captain 
over his inheritance.'' 

Q.— What else did Samuel tell Saul' 

A.— All that should belall liim on that diiy. 

Q. — What promise did Samuel muKe to him when he should 
meet a company of pr(ppliets? 

.V. — "And the s))irit of the Lord will c(mie upon thee, and thou 
shalt prophesy with them, and >hal. be turied into another man." 

Q. — Wliac admonition <iid Samuel thim give to Saul.' 

A.— "And let it be. w'len these signs a-re come unto thee, that 
Ibou do as ocea-ion serve thee; for God is with li •. ' 

Q. — What is s id cone Tning Saul after iiearing these things? 

A. — ".\n'l it was so, that when he had turned hisb^ckto go 
from Sumuel God gave liini another heart: and all those signs 
came to pmss that day." 

Q. — What became a proverb among the people? 

A. — ' I- Saul also among the prophets'' 

Q. — Why did thi? people say tliis oni^ to another' 

A. — Bieausi' the spirit of the Lord came upon Saul and he 
prophesied among them. 

Q —What did Sanuu'l require of the people'' 

A.— That they shouhi jiresent thL-mselves before the Lord by 
their tribes'- 

Q. — For what purpose'' 

A. — Thar a king might be chosen. 

Q.— Which tribe was taken? 

A. — The tribe of Benjamin. 

Q. — When the tribe of Benjamin came by their families which 
was taken' 

A.— Saul, the son of Kish. 

Q. — When search was made for Saul what v/as the result? 

A. — "He could not be found. ' 

Q. — What did the people do then? 

A. — They enquired of the Lord. 

Q. — What was tho Lord's answer? 

A. — "Behold he hath hid himself among the stulf." 

Q. — When they had fetched Saul and he stood among the 
people, what was remarkable about him? 

A. — "He was higher than any of the people from his shoulders 
and upward." 

Q. — What did Samuel then say unto the people? 

A.— "See ye him whom the Lord hath chosen that there is 
none like him among all the people." 

Q. — What did the people then do? 

A. -^ They shouted and said "God save the kins'." 

Q.— What did Samuel then do'' 

A. — He told the people the manner of the kingdom. 

Q.— What else did he do? 

A — He wrote it in a book, and laid it up before the Lord. 

Q.— What did Samuel do next? 

A. — He sent all the p»oi3le away, every man to his house. 

Q.— What did Saul do? 

A. — He also went home. 

Q.— To what place? 

A. — Gibeah. 





CTTJ^ 1131^1 LE in^STI^TJGTOI^. 



155 




#I<I$ 



nitntn. 



BY G. M. O. 



ANCIENT RUINS. 



( Contimied. ) 




IN the department of Znerttcens, nnrtli of the cit.v of Mexico, 
situated on the level of a hill top which rises out of a i)lain, 
are the extensive reinains of an ancient eity, known as the 
the ruins of Qiieniada. The northern side of the hill rises 
with an easy slope from the plain, and is protected by a double 
wall and bastions, while on the other side the steep and pre- 
cipitous rocks of the hill itself form a natural defense. 
The whole of the elevation is covered with ruins. On the 
southern side chiefly maybe traced the remains of temples and 
pyramids. The rock-built walls of these edifices are joined 
with very little mortar; rhe stones, many of which are twenty- 
two feet in thickness, and of a corresponding bight, are retained 
in their positions mainly by their own massiveness. Captain 
Lyon, in his volume of travels in Jlexico, gives a very minute 
and interesting description of Qnemada, and says: "There is 
no doubt that the greater mass of the nation which once dwelt 
here must have been established upon the plain beneath, 
since from the summit of the hill we could distinctly trace 
three straight and very extensive causeways divei-ging from 
that over which we passed" (called the grand causeway) south- 
west from the hill, a distance of two miles. One of these 
causeways measures forty-six feet in width. These roads were 
all paved with stone. Nothing but confused heaps of stones 
thickly .strewn over the j)laiu remains of this once great city. 
The citadel alone still remains to tell of the strength and 
.grandeur of a city whose name Is lost, and the history of which, 
■with that of its inhabitants, remains an unsolved mystery. 

On the river Teeolutla M. Nebel found the ruins of ancient 
structures, to which he gives the name of a near Indian 
raiicho, called Jlapilca. He .states that it is impossible to 
define the limits of this ancient work, because it is now entirely 
covered vrith thick vegetation and a forest, the silence of 
which has, perhaps, never boon disturbed by an ax. He, 
nevertheless, describes some pyramids, many large sculptured 
stones and the indications of an extensive city once inhabited 
by a highly civilized people. 

Fifteen leagues west from Papantla, near the eastern coast 
of Mexico, lie the remains of Tusapan. Nothing of this 
city remains in great distinctness but the pj'ramidal monument 
of Teo-calli. This edifice has a base line of thirty ieet on 
every side, and is built of regular and nicely cut stones. A 
single stairway leads to the upper part of the first story, on 
which is erected a quadrangular house or tower, while in front 
of the door still remains the pedestal of the idol, or perhaps 
the altar of wonshi)). The interior of the apartment is twelve 
feet square; the ceiling terminates in a point, like the exterior 
roof. The walls have been painted, but the outlines of the 
figures are no longer distinguishable. The door and the two 
friezes are formed of sculptured stones. From the fragments 
of carving and the variety of figures of men and animals that 
lie in heaps about the rest of the city, this temple was, in 
point of adornment, by no means the most splendid edifice of 
Tusapan. Nebel foutid A statue of a woman nineteen feet 
high, cut from the solid rock, with the remains of a water-pipe 



connected with the body, from which he infers t.-at it was the 
remains of a fountain; from this figure the stream was carried 
by a canal to a neighboring city. 

Near the city of Jalapa, and not far from the main road to 
the city of Mexico, were discovered, in the year 18.3.5, the 
ruins known as Jlisantla. On a lofty ridge of mountains in 
the canton of that name there is a hill called Estillero, near 
which lies a mountain covered with a narrow strip of table- 
land, perfectly isolated from the surrounding country by steep 
rocks and inaccessible canyons. Beyond these are lofty walls 
of hills, from the summit of one of which the sea is visible. 
The only part of the country by which this plain is acces.sible 
is the slope of Estillero; on all other .sides the solitary moun- 
tain seems to have been separated from the neighboring land 
by some violent earthquake, that sunk the land to an unfath- 
omable depth. On this isolated aud secluded eminence are 
situated the remains of an ancient city — Misantla. As you 
approach it by the slopes of Estillero a broken wall of stones 
united with cement is first seen. This appears to have .served 
as a protection to a circular plaza, in the centre of which is a 
pyramid eiglity feet high, forty-nine feet fiont, and forty-two 
in depth. It is divided into three stories; at least, that is all 
that remains. On the broadest front a stairway leads to the 
second body, which, in turn, is a.scended at the side, while the 
top of the third is reached by steps cut in the corner edge of 
the pyramid. Around the plaza commence the remains of a 
town, extending northerly for near a league. Immense square 
blocks of stone buildings, separated by streets at the distance 
of three hundred yards from each other, mark the sites of the 
ancient habitations, fronting uj^on four parallel highways. In 
some of the hou-es the walls are still four feet high, but ot 
most of them nothing but the outline of thiir foundations is 
to be seen. On the south the city was defended by a long, 
narrow wall. In the cemetery connected with the city several 
bodies were found, parts of which were in tolerable preserva- 
tion. Two stones, a foot and a half long, by half a foot wide, 
bearing hieroglyphics, were discoveroc ; several figures cut out 
of stone and many domestic utensils have also been fuund. 

Forty years after the conquest of Honduras the ruins known 
as Copan were discovered; they were then, as now, densely 
covered hy a forest. At the time of their discovery by Euro- 
peans they were wholly mysterious to the natives. They aie 
situated in so wild and .solitary a part of the countiy that they 
have not been very carefully explored. It is known that they 
extend two or three miles along the left bank of the river 
Copan; how far from the river into the forest they extend, no 
one has told. Mr. Stevens describes his first view of them as 
follows: "We came to the right bank of the river, and .saw, 
directly opposite, a stone wall from sixty to ninety feet high, 
with frieze growing out of the top, running north and sou;h 
along the river six hundred and twenty-four feet, in some 
places fallen, in others entire." This wall supported the rear 
and elevated side of the foundation of a great building. It 
was built of cut stone laid in cement.; the blocks of stone being 
six feet long. He saw a stone column .standing by itself, 
fourteen feet high and three feet on each side from top to 
bottom. It was richly ornamented with sculptured designs on 
two opposite sides, the other sides being covered with 
inscriptions finely carved on the stone. On the front face, 
suriounded with sculptured ornaments, was the figure of a man. 
Fourteen other obelisks of the same kind were .seen by Mr. 
Stevens, some being higher than this; some of them had 
fallen. The great building first noticed stood on a pyramidal 
foundation, supported along the river by the high back wall. 





156 



Cr U ^ E! IsT I L E I3srSTI?.TJOTOI^ 




Mr. Stevens describes it as an "oblong inelosure," which it is 
customarv to call the temijle. The other three .sides are formed 
by a succession of jiyramidal structures and terraced walls, 
measuring from thirty to one hundred and forty feet in hight. 
It is accessible from the river side by flights of steps, similar 
flights leading down on the inner side into the enclosed area. 
Two small pyramidal structures are on the south west angle of 
the river wall. Running at right angles with the river, and 
within the boundary marked by these structures, is the south- 
ern wall of the temple, beginning with a range of steps thirty 
feet high. At the south-eastern extremity of this wall is 
another massive pyramid one hnnilrcd and twenty feet high 
on the .sloi)C. To the east of this are the remains of other 
terraces and pj-ramids, and a passage twenty feet wide, which 
seems to have formed a gateway. The temple wall, running 
from .south to north, continues for a distance of four hundred 
feet, and then turning at riglit angles to the left, runs again 
southwards and joins the other extremity of the river wall. 
Within the area enclosed by these walls are other terraces, 
and pyramids one hundred and forty feet high, enclosing two 
smaller areas, or courtyards, one of which, situated near the 
eastern boundary wall, is two hundred and fifty feet square, 
and the other, close to the river wall, one hundred and forty 
feet b;- ninety, both being forty feet above the level of the 
river, and accessible bj' steps cut in the sides of the .sloping 
walls that enclose them. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ox TUE HISTORY OF .JOSEPU SMITH, TIIK I'UOl'II El'. —LESSON XII. 



Q. — Wa.< the box entirely covureJ with .soil? 

A. — No; a .small Dortiim of the lid was to be seen. 

Q. — After removing the .soil frum avouiid the lid, what did 
Ju.seph do? 

A.— He raised it up with & lever. 

Q.— What did he then see? 

A. — He saw the plates, the urini auJ fhumiuiiii and the breast- 
plate. 

Q.— Did Jo,?eph try to take tliem out' 

xV.— Yes; but the angel told liiin not to touch them. 

Q.- -Did the angel teil him when he might luive them? 

A. — Yes, in four velars from that time. 

CJ. — Did the angel give liim any furtlier instructions? 

A. — Yes; he told him to meet hiin tliere one year from that 
day. 

tj. — What day and month was it. 

A.— On the 22nd of September, 1820. 

Q.— What else did he tell hiai' 

A.— He told him to meet him on the same day tlie three follow- 
ing years at the same place. 

Q.— How long liad the plates been buried there? 

A. — ripurt(^en hundred years. 

Q. — Who buried" those plates there? 

A. — A prophet of God by the name of Moroni. 

Q. — When did Moroni put them there? 

A. — About four hundred and twenty years aftei 
Jesus Christ. 

Q. — Was Moroni, who buried the plates, the same 
came to Joseph and told him w'lcre to find them? 

A. — \ es. 




the birth of 
person who 



and Cunning are two apprentices of Despatch 
but neither of them ever learned their masters' 



ZDISOOnSTTEHSTT. 



A man in his carj-iage was ridiner along, 
His gaily-dressed wife by his side; 
In satins and laces she looked hke a queen. 
And he like a king in his pride. 

A wood-sawyer stood on the street as they passed; 
The carriage and couple he eyed. 
And said, as he worked with his saw on a log, 
"I wish I was rich and could ride!" 

The man in the carriage remarked to his wife; 

"One thing I would give if I could — 

I would give all my wealth for the strength and the 

health 
Of that man who is sawing the wood.'' 



E 3sr I o- n\d: .i^ . 



I am composed r-f six letters: 
My 6, 2, 4, .5 is a seasoning; 
My 3, 2, 4 is the name of an animal; 
My 4, 2, 1 children sometimes do while eating; 
My 2, 4, 5 we must all arrive at; 
My 1, 2, 4, 5 is used by a carpenter; 
My 6, .3, 2, 4 is a source of annoyance to fishermen; 
3Iy whole is a noted river of Asia. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 1 1 is Jeru- 
salem. We have reseived correct solutions from Abbie Hyde, 
Hyde Park; M iria 31. Midler, Richfield; L3'dia L. Allred and 
Luanna A. B>o:h, St. Charles; Diana Radford, Kanosh; 
Thomas Wheeler and C. Elkins, Sugar House Ward; Charles 
Brain, S. Waite, E. S. Eismore, Louie Snelgrove; Daniel 
Spencer and W. T. Cooper, Salt Lake City. We have also 
received the fallowing answer in rhyme from James Stbding, 
Salt Lake City: 

King Jesus is the Lord of .Saints; His name we should revere; 
But wicked men reject His laws, His gospel scorn to hear. 
The gospel teaches us to shun the use of wine and ale, 
And thus gain strength of mind and akm to make God's work 

prevail. 
The Prophet Saml'el from ;ns youth, grew up in all God's 

w'aj's, 
And James, the Apostle of the Lord, taught wisdon in his days. 
True, Sales are made in every store, and Salem we e.xtol; — 
I must conclude my "Enigma" with Jerusalem, "my whole." 



If you form a resolution, and then break it, you set yourself 
a bad examiile, and you are very likely to follow it. 

Is: Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CAH^t <N. EOtro^ Sl PU3J.ISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

^J^~Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
' 'JiDiToa J trvENiLE Instructor. ' ' 




