
VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, ivECEMBER 1, 1876. 



NO. 



SIPIIDEI^S J^T ECOn^E. 




PEOPLE think spiders are verj' ugly things, and ton often 
^either run away from theiu or kill them; but to-Jaj- we 
are'going to have a talk about them. There are spiders that 
are wonderful, others that are amusing, others useful, others 
lieautiful; and perhaps, if we were wiser, we might see all 
these'good, quali- 
ties in all spiders. 

First of all, 
they are wonder- 
ful. The large 
precious stone in 
a brooch is pol- 
ished and cut, so 
that it has many 
facets turned dif- 
ferent ways to 
reflect the light. 
Well, in the 
same way t li e 
eye of the com- 
mon spider has 
four thousand of 
these little sides 
or facets. He 
can see through 
every one of 
them, yet it is 
all only one eye, 
so small that you 
would have to 
look closely to 
see it. • When 
you hear that he 
has eight of these 
eyes you can im- 
agine how little 
trouble ^it gives 
him to see the 
flies and midges; 
although he rests 
so seemingly 
stupid in the middle of his weh. 

The silk worm, you knawjiroduecs his .silk out of two little 
holes in his mouth. The thread the spider spins comes from 
hundreds of holes in his body. fluuilr ds of threads, too 




small for our eyes to see, are twisted together into every single 
thread that a spider weaves. 

You know how even the web is when it is perfected. Every 
thread is arranged in order, and it looks like a fiiiry wheel of 
thinnest gossamer. When the spider makes it, he begin^ 

with the threads 
that would be the 
spokes of the 
wheel, running 
out from the 
^~\\^ , \ life-. ' center to the 

edges. There are 
generally between 
twenry or thirtv 
of these, and he 
goes over them 
again and again 
to make them 
strong, and fast- 
en them all well 
together in the 
ci'iiter. Then, 
-I ling to the out- 
I'v edge, he be- 
gins walking 
round it, leaving 
his thread after 
him wherever he 
goes, and making 
it fast to every 
spoke before he 
jirocceds to the 
next. Thus 
g r'a dually ho 
Works round and 
round, the circles 
narrowing until 
he and his thread 
are in the center, 
ami the web is 
finished. 
There are some rpiders tliat construct a sort of ladder of 
silk, going back among the leaves close by, and at the end of 
it, they lay hidden till their prey is caught; but \isually tlie 
spiiler sits in the middle of his web, giving it a shake now ami 





S66 



cr Tj "^T E ii^r I L E i:]srsTi?."crcTOi^., 



^=^ 
^ 




then to make sure that it is all strong. The web is sticky, 
every thread bcinu' damp wiih a guuiojy substance, so the 
moment a fly touches it lie is stuck fast. If the fly is a large 
one, the spider clasps it with his long log^, and strikes hi*, 
sharp nippers into its body. Instantly the fly eea.ses to 
struggle; it is dead. The spider has poisoned it l)y a fluid 
which lies bidden in its front claws. Now he cuts away tl.c 
threads of the web close to his victim, and then twilling the 
dead fly round and round, swathes him in new tiireads. Hav- 
ing thus made up a compact bundle, he attaches it to himself, 
and, at his lei.-ure, carries it to .some hiding-place anJ enjoys 
his meal. Those very small flics, called midges, which whirl 
about in swarms under the trees in summer, are caught in vast 
numbers on the gummy webs. Sometimes more than a 
hundred of them are, in a single day, lodged in one of these 
traps, and when the owner wants them he collects several, 
binds them together, and curries them off in lots. 

Spiders fight, and cat each other, when they can; and for 
all sorts of insect food they have amazing ai)petites. Here is 
the account of the bill of tare of one which a naturalist watched 
and fed with dead insects: — Half-past five in the morning, an 
e.irwig; at seven, a fly; at nine, a daddy-long-legs; at one. a big 
blue bottle, or blow Uy; and after that the spider employed 
him.self in carrying off in lot^ tngcthcr. and eating, mure than 
a bundled midges, which had been caught in his web during 
tlie day. The gentleman who took the troublp to watch this 
Hpider, says that taking into acx.>ount the size of a man, com- 
pareJ to the size of a spider, a man with a similar appetite 
would cat thus: — .Vt daybnuk. a small alligator; at .seven, a 
lamb: and at nine o'clock, a young giraffe; at one. a sheep; and 
afler that, alxiut a hundred larks. But after all, it is hard to 
call the spider greedy, when we learn what work he h:i.s to do. 
The length of thread a spider spins in a week, making new 
webs (for one web usually only Ia.sts a day), binding up his 
victims, and going about fmni place to place, always leaving a 
thread after him, is .said to be ii<arly two hundred yards, and 
all this comes out of his own small body. 

Dr. LIncecum describes the marvelous art of the gossamer 
or baloonin>; spider, in the construction and navigation of her 
aeronautical ships. In Texas, according to the author, neceni- 
licr is the month f)r these ballo<3ning s|)iders to emigrate. 
When they intend to make an a-scension, they fi.v themselves 
on some extreme point of the branch of a tree, or weed, or 
corn-tassel, then carefully spin out a lock of white gossanu-r, 
6ve or six inches long, and twu inches wide in the middle, 
tapering towanl the ends, holding it all the time in the breeze 
by a thread two or three inches long, which, being attached to 
the end of the selcvted point, detains the ballnon until it is 
finished. They then spin out at the Ixjw tWu lines, thirty or 
forty feet in length, and an>illier of twenty or thirty feet at 
the stern, then cut thti c.ible and sail away on an inclined plane. 
There are a mother and half a dozen or more young spiders 
aboard every ball'Xin, and thus the species are sc'atterrvl over 
vast districts. These tiny aeronauts choose for startinir on 
their voyage a clear day, temperature i;o', Kalir. , wind gentle 
from the south. .\t alsmt I p. ra. they may be seen sailing 
with the wind. Towards I p. m. the spcctatnr will observe 
that the balloons art beginnii.g to descend. AVlien the stream- 
ers strike mmc tall weed or grawi the air-.shipfi are made fHSt 
and the puiHSf-ngers instantly leap out. spinning out n thrcail as 
they fall, thus landing in safely. 

When a spider is attacked, he saves him-s-lf by falliiiL' from 
his web and haneine by a thread so fine that it r-an '■'■arccly be 
v.«.n. The rlani.'>T being gone, he climbs up the tbn .-el airain. 



han i over hand, like a sailor going up a rope. At other times 
he drops from the web, leaving no gossamer rope for his re- 
turn. He lies on the groutid below, with his legs gathered 
around him into a little ball that can scarcely be distinguished 
from the loose earth. If you pick bim up he often keeps per- 
fectly still for minutes together, till you think it must be dead, 
and throw bim away. I)cad, indeed! The moment you are 
gou' he .spreads out his eight long legs, and runs away. 

Wc sometimes are inclined to believe that .spiders can fly; 
but ih'.U is impossible, for they have no wings. Ilow is it, 
then, that they pass through the air, uioving from branch to 
branch, or rising from the top of a garden wall? If we look 
closely at a spider pas.sing from jilace to place, we can see that 
he is climbing along a thieid, or that it isfloatintr up with him. 
When he wants to go from branch to branch, he shoots out a 
thread from his body, the wind carries it on, and its gum 
makes it a Ihere to whatever it touches. Then the end being 
fast he moves along it. 

Sometimes this thread is carried up into the air and wafted 
hither and thither, and the spider, lotting go his hold of the 
ground, is carried upward — the least breath of air being quite 
.sufficient to raise his floating cord and carry him away. With- 
out the assistance of this filmy silk he cannot ascend an even 
surface as a fly can. If you put a spider into the bottom of a 
perfectly cleau well-polishedglass, he will make useless attempts 
to walk up its sides, and then he will spin a web against it, a 
.sort of ladder, which he ascends step by step as he makes [l. 
You will re<4uire very good sight to see this web against the 
glass, but a strong magnifying-glass will show it to you. It is 
quite a different thing when a str.ay spider stands on the ceiling 
back downwards. There he has an uncTcn surface which he 
can easily seize with his cla~s. 

In striking contrast with the jolly open-air life of the garden 
spider is the dismal existence, that can hardly be called life, 
passed by the common house spider. Constructing a web of 
strong cloth bke texture, .slung like a hammock in some out- 
of-the-way c<jrner, her life is spent in a state of chronic semi- 
destitution, waiting for the infatuated fly that may accidentally 
drop in. Iler powers of endurance must be something won- 
derful. When hunger can be borne no longer, this spider — a 
determined cannibal when nothing better can be had — will 
start on a hunting expedition after other «i)iders of a smaller 
kind, exercising in the nefarious quest a gixid deal of cunning. 

The house spider passes the winter in both the egg and per- 
fect form. The writer, on the 10th of February roused a large 
torpid house spider from it-s .sleep, which slowly, and with 
much diffiiulty made its way up the wall to a crevice in the 
ceiling, evidently thinking with the sluggard, "You have 
waked me too sonn; I must slumlicr again. " On the same 
date, February 10 — a cold, frosty day — a cocoon that was ob- 
served to be turning darker-colored than others was opened, 
and found to be full of perfectly formed young spiders, nearly 
black. Some of them began to move, and one fell out of the 
nest on to some paper beneath , when, on n'oving the [lapcr 
the young straggler was found hanging to it four or five inches 
below, proving that as soon as spiders arc hatched they have 
the power of attaching themselves to any object they touch, 
by a line of their own making, ntrong enough to bear them. 
They evidently knew it was too early to separate, for, on being 
left to ihem.selves, they were soon after found huddled together 
in a round heap, eocb in the shape the old ones !i.ssume when 
simulating death. 

There are water spiders which inhabit shallow, stagnant 
po 'b and mar.shes. When they dive under water a little air 





J- TJ "V^ E nsr 1 1_, E I3SrSTI?.TJCTOI?. 



267 





is retained between the hairs with which they are covered, 
and this, malving a bublile benenth tiie surface, keeps them 
alive. The female spins round her a cell of >ilk, of a form 
W)raething like a thimble, or half a ^nlall bird's egg. It is 
filled with her bubble of air, so that the water cannot get in; 
and in this silken diving bell she lays her eggs. It isfiom 
eggs that both land and water spiders com". Oficn the 
mother shows srcat care and affection in her own in-ect way, 
carefully guurlin-r the tiny co, onn in which hundreds, jieihaps 
thousands, of her eggs are tnclo~ed. .Souie s'liecies carry it 
between their fore-claws; some ketp it attached to their boilii-s; 
others place it in crevices of walls, or ndl it up in a dead leaf. 
There is one kind of .spider which lives in the woods, and binds 
together the fallen leaves, spinning its thread around them to 
make a ne>t for itself. It is remarkable that the dormouse, 
when it is building its owt little nest, takes these spider>" 
nests to make its roof. In some places where people have 
searchpd, the roof of two oat of every three of the nests of 
dormice were formed of a spider's ne.--t of leaves. 
^ The following touching anecdot* is told by Mr. Moggridee, 
who in his 
studies in na- 
tural history 
has been in 
the habit of 
immersing, for 
preservation, 
his diifeient 
specimens of 
spiders an<I 
ants in bottle 
of alcohol 
lie saw tha 
they struggle- 
for a few w\\' 
utes; but h 
thought tha 
sensation w» 
soon e X ti 1 - 
gui>hed, ail': 
that they were 
soon I'rec from 
Huffering. On 
one occasion 

he wished to preserve a l.iric female spider and twenty lour 
of her young ones, that be had captured, He put the mother 
into a bottle of alcohol, and saw that after a few moments she 
folded up her legs upon her body, and wa.i at rest. \h- then 
put into the bottle the young ones, who, of course, manifest<.d 
acute pain. What was his surprise to .see the mother arouse 
her-elf from her lethargy, dart around to, and gather her 
young ones to her ho>oni. fnld lier legs over theiri, again re- 
lapse into in.-en~ib;iiiy, until at la-t .lealh came to her relief, 
and the limb.s, no loncer controleii by this material in-tinct, 
reloa.sed their grasp and became dead! The eflect ol the 
exhibition upon him is a le-son to our common humanity. 
He has never sin(«3 repeated the exiieriment, but has applied 
chloriifiirin before immersion. 

Judging from the ab ive, tlie spider is certainly superior to the 
human animai, in the fact that alcohol does not ile-lmy lier 
natural aff..clion. 

Hi!-id(!H the tspiders above alluded to, there are many other 
kinds for instance, the "harvest spider," which appears in 
autumn. It i.t very small, with long, hair like l.-gs, and it does 



not seem to mind a bit if it loses its legs, they grow so quickly 
again. In Hampton Court Palace, near London, En_a. , there 
i-i a race of spiders which is found nowhere else. They are 
called "cardin.d spiders," after the famous Wolsey, who once 
lived there. There seems to be another tribe, which live in 
the great cathedrals and churches on the Continent, and find 
their food in the oil which adheres to the lamps, or is left in 
them when they are put out. If we are to believe all the 
stories that are told, the oil agrees famously with those spiders; 
for instance, it is said that one which lived long ago in Milan 
Cathedral weighed no less than four pounds! 






STR.A.IT OIP Z^A-G-ELL^nsr. 





vH^4»*'-J<* 



■'^i-'i-vms^k- 




■'■'^^v.. 



'^■f.'.^: 




IN our last number we gave a view of a Patagonian encamp- 
ment, and some particulars in regard to the peculiar country 
the Patagonians inhabit. We herewith give a picture of the 
Stiait of Magellan, as the narrow pass or body of water i.s 
called which separates Patagonia, the southern extremity of 

South AiLer- 
i ea, from 
Tierra del 
I'a go. 

Tiiis strait 
is about three 
hundred miles 
long, and va- 
ries in width 
from five to 
thirty miles, 
and naviga- 
tion in it L< 
quite difii- 
cult. It was 
fir.^t discover- 
ed in 1520 by 
the fa ni n s 
Portuguese 
navigator, 
Fernando de 
.Miigollan, or 
Magalhaens, 
as it is more 

proptnly spelled. This voyager was born in Oporto, Portugal, 
and gri^w up with a strong desire to explore the ocean and 
find new countries. In I. 5 1 7, he wont to Spain and laid before 
the king. Charles V., a scIknuc for reaching India by sailing 
west. His propo>ition was favorably considered by the king, 
and fiv> ships, poor, frail thitigs compared with our modern 
exploring vessels, and two hundred and thirty-six men were 
I>Iaced under his command to go on the pro|)os<!d voyage. 
Magellan .sailed on thti 20th of September, I.')l".), and proceed- 
itii: to the mouth of the La I'laia ami along the shores of 
I'atat'onia, he di>covered and sailed through the strait which 
we have pictured in the engraving, and upon which, in honor 
of the discoverer, his own name has been conferred. The 
first winter of the voyage was spent in port on the sotith- 
castern coast of Soutii America where he was visited by some 
(■f the nilivesof the neighborhood, whom hecalled Patagonians 
in (•oiiscipience. we suppose, of their gigantii' size, for which, 
as we have before stated, these peoph- are noted. Hut the 
name of Patagonians, though probably given as wu have Miid, 
w(mld secMi to apply more particularly to their large feet, 









;68 



J"TJ^E3^ILE1 in^STie.TJCTOI?.. 




"Patagon" is a Spanish word, signifying large feet, which, no 
doubt, they are possessed of. 

About twenty days were occupied in .sailing through thi!*. 
dangerous strait, and then an open ocean was reached, to 
which he gave the name of 'Pacific," on account of the 
pacific, Or peaceable weather which he there experienced. 
One of the ships with which Magellan started on his voyage 
had deserted him on reaching the strait, and the sufferings of 
the other crews were severe in the extreme up to the time 
they reached the Ladrones. where they found food in plenty 
in the shape of fruits, and the spirits of the men revived. 
On arriving at the Philippine Islands, Magellan and his men 
were attacked by the natives on the 2Gth of April, l.J2], and 
the brave voyager was killed, as also were many of his men. 

.■Sebastian del Cavo took command of the expedition after 
the death of Magellan, and sailed home by way of the Cape 
of (Jood Hope, thereby making the first voyage around the 
world, Thev arrived in Spain on the I'th of September, 10:12, 



lioQraiihn. 



ctossiph: si^xTTi:, 
i=k.o:ph:et. 



THE 




(Contintied.) 

WE told you in a former number that Joseph, previous to 
crossing the Mississippi informed the brethren of the 
Camp that, in consequence of the disobedience of some, who 
had been unwilling to listen to his words and had rebelled, 
(> lid had decreed that sickness should come upon the Camp. 
and if they did not repent and humble themselves before God 
they should die like sheep with the rot. He expressed his 
sorrow for this; but he could not help it. The scourge must 
come. Repentance and humility, he said, might mitigate the 
chastisement; but it coald not altogether be arrested. On the 
'2\>t of June, some of the brethren were seized with the 
I'holera: but on the night of the il-tth it broke forth in the 
Camp with terrific power. Cries, mnanings and lamentations 
were heard on all hands. So sudden and powerful was the 
attack of this dreadful disease that some of the brethren. 
when seized with it, fell to the ground with their guns in 
their hands. Although Juseiih had been led to warn the 
brethren that the J^ri was going to scourge the Camp, still, 
when they were attacked, he exerted all his faith and power 
to rebuke the destroyer. He fjuickly learned, however, by 
jiaiuful experience, that it was njt right nor safe for him to 
do so. When the Great Jehovah decrees destruction v.pon any 
people, and makes known His determination, man must not 
attempt to stay His hand. The moment he attempted to 
rebuke the di.=ea.se, he was ,'evcrely attacked himself, and, 
had he not de,sisted his own life would have been sacrificed. 

When the cholera made its appearance, KIder John S. 
Carter was one of the first who stepped forward to rcb\ike 
it, and was himself in.-tantly seized with the disea-e. Fie 
was the first to die in Camp. F ir about four days the cholera 
continued its ravages. About sixty-eight of the Saints 
suffered from that disease, of which number fourteen died. 

While on Fi>hing River, Joseph received a revelation from 
the Lord concernini; the redemption of Zion, The Lord said 

i; lie had heard the pra\er> of the brethren of the Catup, 



and He accepted of their offering. It was expedient in Him, 
the Lord said, that, in consequence of the transgression of 
His people. His Elders should wait for a little season for the 
redemption of Zion. They themselvss were not prepared, 
and the people ueedcd teaching more perfectly. He had 
brought them I the Camp) that far for a trial of their faith, 
and that they might be prepared for greater blessings. 

This being the mind of the Lord, when the cholera broke 
out, Joseph counseled the brethren of the Camp to separate 
into small bands, and disperse among the brethren in the 
vicinity. He afterwards met a considerable number of the 
Camp at Lyman Wight's. Joseph then told them, that if 
they would humble themselves before the Lord, and covenant 
to keep His commandments, and obey his (Joseph's) counsel 
the plague should be stayed from that hour and there should 
not be another case of cholera among them. They covenanted 
to that effect and the plague was stayed. 

Our little friends can see by reading this brief account of 
these important events how much the Lord blessed His 
chosen .servant Joseph. What a change had taken place in 
his circumstances in a few years! He commenced alone, with 
none to assist him but God, to declare to the world the great 
truths which had been revealed to him. But now, through 
his zeal and faithfulness, hundreds had heard and obeyed 
the truth, and were fellow-witnesses with him. What joy 
must have filled his heart! How thankful must he have 
felt at seeing hundreds of faithful Saints around him, who 
knew, as he knew, that God had spoken from the heavens 
and established His Church again in its original ])urity! If 
God could and did thus bless Josejih, because of his faith 
and diligence, will he not bless and uphold every one of our 
JrvEXiLES who is humble and faithful? What a great 
reward there is offered to you, children, for you to be good 
and rB.akc God your friend ! 

I To be Conlirmed. ) 



-•■»— ^ — M 



jdj^-y: sghiooxjS. 

To the Supcrlii'eadcnts of Sundny Schools and Bislto]ys 
Thr-ni/jhout the 'Territory. 



AT a meeting of the Sunday School I7uion, held in Salt 
Lake Cit\ during last April Conference, at which County 
Superintendents, Bi.^hops and other leading men from all parts 
of the Territory were present, it was a noticeable fact, from the 
reports given by different Superintendents, that a general 
system of conducting our Sunday .schools was lai-king; and with 
a view to secure uuiforniity in their government, as far as 
liractieable, a proposition was submitted by Superintendent 
Mo>es Thather, of Cache County, and unanimously sustained. 
That the General Superintendent of the Sunday School Union 
should issue, cither by circular or through the columns cf the 
I.vsTKirroR, a code of laws or rules, to be observed in all the 
Sunday schools throughout mir settlements, 

III eomiilying with that resolution, we wish it distinctly 
understood that we arc by no means in favor of establi,shiuK 
any cast iron rules for compulsory observance; neither do we 
wi..,h to curtail the liberty and freedom that all the Superin- 
tendents should enjoy, in the exerci.se of their judgment, in 
managing tluur re-pc'ctive schools. All, therefore, we shall 
attempt to do, will be to present such suggestions as, in our 
ju'lgmcnt, will aid the Superintendents in training the chi 
dren to habits of -..tjod order and oecoruiu, and also, as far 







JU^En^ILE IlSrSTI^UCTOI^ 



S69 



prac-tic-able, to establisli a uniformitj' throughout our SuuJay 
school sytem. 

Sn;of:sTioN 1. The organization of each school should 
consist of a superintendent and two assistant-, nr counselors, 
a secretary and assistant secretary, ami librarian uvhcn 
needed. ) 

■_'. All Sunday schools .should be held in the morning, and 
should be ojiencd punctuallj' at ten o'clock, except in tho.se 
places where it may be to the interest of the children to meet 
in the afternoon at two o'clock. 

'■': l>oys should be taught to take off' their hats on entering 
the school. 

4. Teachers ;ind children should stand with bowed heads 
and closed eyes during prayer. 

■"i. All schools should commence with siniiim.'. prayer and 
singing. 

G. A record of teachers' attendance should be kept, a nil roll 
called after the opening exercises. 

T. As a genei'al rule, reading session should continue from 
thirty to forty minutes. 

5. Reading should be confined to Church books a.s much as 
possible, such as the Old and New Testaments, Book of Mor- 
mon, Doctrine and Covenants, Juvenile I-Nstrtctor. .Jac(iues' 
Catechism. Key to Theology, etc. 

'.I. All the children .should be taught, as far as pos.-ibli.. to 
sing Si.'Uie .short, lively hymns or spiritual songs, ,so that they 
can take part in the e.^ercise. 

10. After the readirg session is over, whool -hould becfdled 
to order, and the exercises be made varied and interesting. 
by introducing singing, addrossess of about five minutes in 
length by the teachers, catechism from the Ji xknii.k In- 
STRiCTi^R, etc. 

11. Each teacher .should have a Class Tvegister. in which to 
keep a record of the children's attendance. 

1l!. There .should be singing and prayer at the cl'i.-e. ami 
the children should retire from the school orderly and without 
confusion. 

13. ]\Iinntes of every schnol meeting should be recorded by 
the .secretary. 

Besides the foregoing, nuiny schools adopt the ticket system, 
to encourage prompt and regular attendance, by giving each 
child that comes in time a ticket, and then redeeming theni 
with prizes annually or semi-annually: but as tickets and prizes 
may not bo available in all schools, we leave that to the judg- 
ment and ability of each superintendent. 

It is truly gratifying to learn that many of our Bishops and 
prominent members are taking a lively interest in our Sunday 
schools, and we sincerely hope the time is not far distant when 
every Bi.shop throughout our settlements will not only arrange 
for the Sunday .schools to be held at a suitable time each 
Sunday, but use their time and influence towar'Is their sup- 
)>orf. In every school good singing should be encouraged. 
Kffieient teachers are also needed, and libraric-. where means 
can possibly be olitaincd to procure them. 

There is no more important mission or field of labor miw 
lief'ore tlie Klders of Israel than tlic moral and religious train- 
ing of our j'outh, nor one that calls more Inidly for help from 
all those who desire the welfar'^ of Zion. It i<, therefore our 
earnest desire and prayer lliat the Lord will inspire cvcrj- 
Bishop and council to take hold of this important labor of 
liive by aiding the superintcmleiifs of tlicir respective schools 
until cverj' child of suffu-icnt age shall be lirought under the 
h(!avenlv influence of wise and dcvotcil teachers, and until 
their minds are tlioroughly imbued with the priniiples of 




the gospel of Jesus Christ which have been revealed from 
hcciven. 

CtEORdE (2. Cannon. General Supt. 

of Sunday Schools. 

("lEORdE Gi)i)P-vr,i), Assistant do. 




^orrcH|Jouileucc. 



BllIiaiAM ClTV, Box El.UKH CorxTV. 

NovemliL-r Pilh, ISTC. 

Editor Juvenile limtrnctor: 

Knowing all interested in Sunday i.eliiju!5 
are evi.r ready and anxious to read anything connected with 
Sabbath school interests, we desire a little space in your valuable 
paper, to note a few lines in behalf of our jubilee, which was 
held on the 11th inst., and was a complete success. Our school, 
numbering about four hundred, together with many of the 
parents, the County Superintendent and others, assembled in 
our public hall atOa m., and was cJled to order by Brother Chas. 
Kelley, Marshal of the day; when the Sunday school choir, led by 
Brother Otto Johnsen, accompanied with the orgaii, by Sister 
Jlinnie Snow, sang "Hero again we meet you." 

Prayer was ottered by the Chaplain, Brother John Christensen, 
when tne choir sang another beautiful piece. Oiir Supt., J. C. 
"VVixoni, delivered a short but appropriate addre.=s, and a satis- 
fiiclory statistical and financial report of the scliool was read by 
the Secretaiw. 

To give in delail the names of the scholars who took an acLivu 
Dart, in giving us sUch a day of rejoicing, would malic our piece 
too lengthy, and to select therefrom (.if we could) would be 
unfair; suffice it to say, the day, less two hours intermission at 
noon, was spent in rendering stump speeches, readings recita- 
tions, catechisms upon the History of the Church and the char- 
acter and attributes of God our Father, interspersed with beauti- 
ful singing by the choir, and members of the school, which was 
all rendered in a very pleasing, instructive, and interesting 
manner, reflecting credit upon all concerned, and speaking 
volumes in praise of those laboring in the interest of Sunday 
school-^. 

In the afternoon Bro. George Goddai-d, of tlie General Superin- 
tcndency, spidce in his usual amusing, jocular and interesting 
style; after which the whole school sang "We Thank thee, O God, 
for a Prophet." 

Our beloved President. Lorenzo Snow, sjioke in a verv encour- 
aging and fatherly manner, expressing his astonishment at the 
inipruvenifnt adieived by the children since our last jubilee, 
and invoking the ble.-ings of God uiion the congragatioa. 

On the Sunday following tlie jubilee, Brotlier George GodJard^ 
addressed the meeting, creating a disposition in the hearts "( 
the people to render aid by their means and influence to make 
the Sunday schools what they are destined to be, among the 
greatest institutions in the kingdom. Pre-ident John W. Young 
dwelt briefly on the same subject. 

l!c-pccll"idly, 

T. M. Wii.i'K. 



TuiKl.E.-^.— A friend once called on .Alichael .\ngelo. who 
was finishing a statue: some time after he called again; the 
.sculptor wa.- still at his work; his friend, looking at tne figure, 
ex.daimed, "You have been idle since I sawyou hist!' "By no 
mean-," replied the sculptor. "I have retouched this part, and 
jioli.shed that: softened this feature, and brought out that mus- 
cle; I have given more expression to this iip, an 1 more energy 
to this limb!" "Well, well." said his friend, "but all these 
are triflo." "It may be .>o," replied .\n!.'elo, "but recollect 
that tiifle- niaki' perfection, and that perfc<-tion is no trifle " 





S70 



iJ TJ "^T El IT I Xj E I2<rSTI?.TJOTOie/, 




^h(| Jiuvenilc |(nstrttdoti. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 1, 1876. 



EIDITOK^Ij^Xj OTHIOXJa-HITS. 





UR readers have been often reminded bv 
us to cultivate jrood manners and to be 
courteous in their language and deport, 
meet. What is ninro pleasant than to 
see younj; iieojile kind and polite to each 
other and to those who are older than 
theuiselve.'-? Such conduct always calls 
forth the admiration and friendship of 
those who witne.-s it Those who practice 
\ good maoners have no more tiouMe tiinn thuse 
who are rude and unuiamicrly; and they have 
/" far greater enjoyment. We have .just returned 
■^ from a trip to St. George, and while on the voad 
t^ 7 \ we have had occasion to notice the wide difirr- 
r,^- S^ ence there is in the conduct of individuals townnl.q 
y^/"")^ tho.se whom they meet. We met many buys who 
J^ ^ were driving team.s. Some of them would give 
'^'^ half the road at least to every one whom they met; 

that is, they would turn out to the right so as to let the team 
that was approaching them pa.ss. Some of them would turn 
out of the road altogether for the teams they met to pa-^s 
them. They .i-eemed de-irous to afcoinni'idate those whom 
they met, and especially when the latter had weak teams. I>ut 
other boys whom we saw had none of this di>po>ition. If 
they had a strong team and strong wagon, they wi'uld slick to 
the road and would not turn out an inch. K-ipecially was this 
the ca-ic if the wagon they met wa<a I ght one. They sei'ined 
to be ot the opinion that such a vi hide ciiuld not hurt theirs 
even if they came in contact, and it ujust. thi refnre, get out 
of the way. Such condu -t was churlih in the extreme. No 
boy who aims to be a gentleman would lie guilty ol it. Many 
may think it a small matter; but if it is, it shows up the true 
character of a boy. A boy who is willing to turn out and give 
a part of the road to those whom he meet-, shows that he is 
not utterly selG>h and lazy. He is not so engio-scd in him-elf 
and his own convenience as to forget that others have rights 
as well as hini.«el(. But a boy who will keep the mail and 
compel the teams he meets to turn out i^ <'iiher se!fi>h cirlM/.i', 
or probably both. He is guilty ot rude, urimanniily cciiiliiit 
and is no Kenileman. 

In all countries where people use carriages or waL'<ms, or 
ride on horseV)acW, care i- taken to ob-eive certain rulis res- 
pecting the road. In counlries where there is (•nn-idetahle 
travel and the roads are cniwded these rul( s must be strictly 
observed or they who violate them g 't themselves into trouMe. 
One cannot presume on another's rights. Each one must be 
willins to turn out to give the one he meets an cqu.d chanci; 
on the road with him-elf; for it is understood that one has as 
much right to the road as another. Some of our boys in this 
Territory act as though they thought the roads were made 
for them alone, and that no one el-c had any right to them. 
This is mean and foolish, and where anv are guilty of it they 
fhould cease fr jni Ihii' time forth. Let every one act with 
proper respect to the rights of his neighbor. We should all 



treat our neighbors as we would like them to treat us were 
our positions reversed. Conduct like this will bring happiness 
to ourselves and to others. 



ST. GEORr.K is the point at present in the Territory, towards 
which the eyes and attention of the Saints are directed. 
There is the Temple of the Lord — the only Temple on the 
earth in which the people of God can enter and receive the 
}ioly ordinances neces.sary to their exaltation. That building 
is .so near completion that a portion of it, as soon as it shall 
be dedicated, can be used for some of the purposes for which 
it is designed; and we expect to hear of the Saints receiving 
ordinances there within a few weeks. The entire building 
will doubtless be dedicated at the next General Conference, 
which will be held at St George. This will be a glorious time 
for the ))eople of God. It is upwards of thirty years since 
the Tcmi)le at Nauvoo was dedicated, and from that time to 
the present the Saints have not had a Temple in which to 
eci'ive the ordinances of the Lord. They have used the 
Endowment Hous", but this has been only for a temporary 
purpo.se, as some of the ordinances cannot be administered in 
it, or in any other place except in a Temple. God has always 
blessed the Saints with an increase of power when they have 
built Temples. We believe lie will do so at this time, and 
that lie will accept the Temple at St. George as His own and 
will honor it with Ilis presence. There is an holy influence 
in and around the building that must impress every person 
who visits it, unless be is dead to all influences of the Spirit 
of God. When it .shall be dedica.ed we fully expect there 
will lie a great manifestation of jiower. 

Tliere will soon, we hope, be several Temples built in this 
Territory. This is the great labor which now devolves upon 
the Latter day Saints. How blessed are the Juvenilks who 
have the privilege of I'ving in these days. They will behold 
ev( iits taking |ilace which many righteous men have desired 
t-> sec. but who died without the sight. To have the privilege 
of I'litiiing a Temple of the Lord, and there receiving the 
ordinances necessary to exaltation, is one of the f raatest that 
can le conlcrred upon any human being. Children, you 
.sbiuld so conduct yourselves that when you grow old enough 
you may be jiermitted to enter therein. 



T 



iiK end of A%ilume XI of the Juvknile Insteuctor is 
rapidly apjiroaching. There is but one more number to 
be published to comple'e the volume. It is proper that we 
should remind our patrons ol this that they may be prepared 
to renew their subscriptions. We shall feel obliged to our 
fcicnds if they will forward their subscriptions lor the new 
voluMie as speedily as po.ssible. By so doing they will enable 
us to make more correct calculations respecting the number of 
our issue. Will the Presidents, Bisho[is, Supeiintendents and 
Teachers of Sunday Schools, and all our friends kindly interest 
thenisclves in this business, and secure for us the largest pos- 
sible iminbcr of subscribers? We think it no vanity in us to 
say that tli-^ iNSTltiKTfill deserves this patronage. Every 
Latter-day Saint who takes inteiest in the education of the 
you?ig speaks in terms of praise of our little paper and the 
good it accomplishes. May we not ask all such to aid us in 
extending its ciiculation? We shall do all in our power to 
keep ufi its present reputation, and to make it still more 
Wfirtliv of commendation. With the sub.scriptions we have 
liad this year we have been baiely able to meet expenses; we 
shoiild have a ui.argiu beyond actual expen-es to enable us to 
make improvements. A little exertion on the part of our 
friends will furnish us a good subscription list. 





CTTJlTEIsriLE XHSrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



S71 




j^ sTOi^:yn j^T sej?v. 



"Go down, Ro down! tho pi!r>t crie^. il is no place for tiipc; 
Pear not, but trust in provirlrnoe wherever thou raaj'est be." 

IN the cut here represented a ship is seen driven Viefore the 
gale under bare pole-', the sea running mountain high. 
She appears to be in distress from the -ippp^irMnee ot her 
ensign, which looks _ 

as if hoisted union _^°^^ "* ~ ~ ' 

down. The faithful 
attendants of the 
storm, the stormy 
petrels, or Mother 
Carey's chickens, 
as they are called, 
are sailing secure a- 
midst this war of 
the elements. It 
is a beautiful pic- 
ture to look upon; 
there is s-omething 
so fascinating in 
this grand display 
of nature, as the 
wind whistles a 
tune and the waves 
sings a chorus. It 
is more to the taste 
of the genuine old 
salt than a dead 
calm; there is ^omc- 
thing so sublinic in 
thei-e uiagiiificoit 
parades of the 
elements, it causes 
man to draw near, 
as it were, to Him 
who ''plants His 
footsteps in the sea, 
anil lides ujioii the 
storm. ' The njar- 
incr fc(l> period ly 
P ecu re piuviding 
his ship is .'■lauijch 
and true, will 
plenty of tea room; 
but when caught 
in one with the 
^llore under bis lee, 
it fills him with 
apprebeiisi<in of 
danger, and many 
a m.i.jestic vessel 
has gone down with all Ik^ 
the rocks 

Till' navifritor, thanks to 
on board to warn him ol ih 




5. ^1 1 />< 



li, i\eii I'll 




!ieiici% has a laitbfcd att(!ridant 
i|>pro:icli of a storm. It is the 
barometer, the working «f' which will most surely indicate the 
approach of danger; and a ear. fnl c.iptain pays more attention 
to its warnings, than all the ih.T appearances combined. 

An old sliipmaie of miie , "O one owjision ip ili<r middle 
watch, told me the tollowiiig. with ilie view ol in-trui:ting me 



in my profession: ' 'Jack, I was once sailing in a barque bound 
from London, for Manritiu.s. We called at the Cape, and 
proceeded for the Isle of France. We were running before 
the wind with royal studding sail ,set. At eight bells in the 
al'tcrnoon watch, I looked at the barometer, and found that 
the mercury had dropped considerable. The captain l>eiug 
informed of it, and it being the changing of the monsoons, he 
gave the word 'Hands shorten .sail.' 

"As the watch had gone below, they came on deck growling 

like a bear with a 
sore head, and each 
wanted to know if 
the skipper had 
had an interview 
with the spirit*' 
keep in Black Jack. 
However, he roared 
out, 'Bear a haml, 
my lads,' yet the 
men moved like 
animated clothes 
horses; and again 
the old man King 
out, 'For Hciiven's 
pake, men, take 
sail off the shipl' 
A certain fear of 
iui [lending trouble 
seized the men, and 
sail after sail came 
(iff her like magic. 
"All this time 
the captain stood 
at the heim, and 
as the twilight ad- 
vanced, the clouds 
rolled up in fearful 
majesty. The wind 
died away, causing 
a sickening fear of 
coming danger, as 
the lightning with 
flash after flash illu- 
minated the scone, 
and (lie thuniier 
rolled over I lie 
water like the dirge 
of a funeral drum. 
The ship was under 
simg canvas, laying 
to, u 11 d e r close- 
r e e f e d tojif ails. 
I'raeh man was at 
his station to (run 
the sails, and each 
The saying came («> 
my mind. 

"Keur Milt, t'lil trust in prnveletu e wlierrver ttiou iiinyest b<'l 

'The ship seemed lo trenibh^ at ouch jieal of thunder, as i( 
pos.sessed with life. Our snspen.'-c was soon relieved as the winii 
came bounding over the billows with the roar of a liungry lion, 
striking the vess d on her s'arboard side and canting her nearly 
on her beam ends. 'Haul in the port main braeel' roared (lie 
captain, as he put t)io lu^lni up lo let her pay iifT Hoiid 



one 111 us absirbod in hi" own thmiijlita. 





S7S 



vH]i^xi_.Hi rnsrsTi^TJCTOi^ 




Came the main topsail, and awaj- she flew like a frightened 
deer before the hounds; and as wo sank into the trough of the 
sea and looked up to the crest of the wave, with its ridge of 
phosphoric light, it seemed like looking up the side of a moun- 
tain, capped with snow, glistening iu the moonlight. It was as 
sublime a scene a.> I ever witnes.sed. Our damage was con- 
siderable, but nothing iu comparison with that of the thirteen 
vessels in our company th.it had their masts and spars carried 
away. 80 you see. Jack, if it had not been for our friend, the 

barometer, we should, in all probability, have gone to Davy 

Jones' locker; and yet all of us thought tiie skipper was about 
'half seas over. ' 80 j-ou see, my boy, that those whoso duty 

It is to watch and steer will taki' a strange course .sometimes to 

our way of thinking, and all the time be looking to our >al'ety, 

and in this instance salvation.'' 
^ I thanked my old friend for his yarn, and as the brll struck 

eisrht, the waicli was relieved and we went to our ri>pcctivc 

bu."ks t.. think of the words of the poet: 

'■'And can you smili',' a seaman cried, 

'While ttrrori overwbolmV 
'Why should 1 fearr tlio b.'V replied, 

'Aly father's at the helm!' 

"Then turn to him, mid terrors wild, 
When wants and woes oerwheln:, 

Kemc-mbcring, like the fearles.s child; 
Our 'lather's ut the helm,' " 



E ISTTOnVCO XjO C3- Y-3SrO. 14. 



BV W. I). JOUN.-,M.N, JLN. 



ni;TH(»l'TEI! A .^.\ I.TATOIII A 




fPuJi •■acrydii," or migratory locusts, embrace all those insects 
1 which are noted t^)r their destructive ravages in various 
parts of the world. They are the true locu.st, and arc easily 
distingui>ln.d from (.ther gra.sshoppers by their large head.s. 
short anteunjv, which do not taper, wing-covers narrow, hind 
leg., large and stout, tarsi three jointed. The female, have no 
projecting ovipositor, but the e.Ktremity of the body is provided 
with four .,hort wedt'e like pieces, placed in pairs above and 
below, which open and .shut like a pair of nipper.,. When 
about to lay her eggs, the female drives these wedge, into the 
ground, these being then opened and .shut enlarge the orifice, 
and thus .she contiimes until it is deep enough to insert nearly 
the wiiole of the abdomen. In this re.^eptacle, she lays from 
fifty to one hundred eggs. 

The males are capable of producing a stridulous sound, 
with an iii,trumeht wiii,,h may be likened unto a violin. The 
hin.l legs are the bow,, and the projecting veins of the win^'- 
c<jvers answer the purpo.se of strings. When a locust begins 
to play he beads the sh.mk of his hind leg beneath the thigh. 
where it is lodge<l in a furrow made t„ receive it, and then 
draws th- leg up and down bri.,kly several times against the 
wing cove,,. He pUy, only ..ue fiddle at a time, and while 
playinir with one leg. sMnds im the other five. 

In Spain, j-eopie of I'a.-hion keep a species of locu.,t. callcl 
"grillo," in cages for the .,akc of its music. 

The wingB of the acrydii are fitted for flying, and tln.-y arc 
able to migrate to distant places; and wherever they alight 
the earth is soon .,t.ipped ol eveiy green thing, and presents 
the appearance of having been burned; heuce the name 
■'locust, • which is deriv.;d from the J^tin words-/ocw 



a place, and ustulare, to scorch, meaning a burned or scorched 
place, which 's very expressive of the desolation caused by 
their visits. 

"('alopteiius spretus," of rhlcr, ton well known to need 
description, is a native of the high uplands of the Kocky 
Jlountain,. It has done extensive damage in the western 
States and Territories, as nlso this last summer in the northern 
part of this Territory. The characteristic of this genus is a 
spine on the breast, between the fore legs, of a hard, horny 
substance, the u.se of which is not known. "Caloptenus 
biviltatus,' of Say, is a large yellowish-green loeu,t found in 
gardens. 

To the genus "acrydium," belong the celebrated migratory 
locusts of the p]astern Hemisphere. They are said to be the 
most destructive of all insects known to man. They are quite 
largo, being three inches in length. In early times they were 
considered by many the worst judgment f rod could inflict upon 
man. Their wings are large and ample and .serve thein well 
in flight. In the iScriptures, we read that the noise of their 
wings was like the sound of chariots of many horses runaing 
to battle, or the crackling of stubble when overrun and con- 
sumed by a flame of fire. They constituted one of the plagues 
of rharaob. when they "covered the face of the whole earth 
and did eat eveiy herb of the field and there remained not 
any green thing." They are natives pf Asia and Africa. 
Pestilence and famine have many times followed their appear- 
ance, and it is said by eye witnesses that their ajiproach is 
beheld with dismay by the inhabitants of those countries 
where they are common. It appears that from an early date 
to the present time locusts have been an impoitant article 
of food to the people of Africa. The .Moors and Arabs who 
inhabit the deserts of that country, so far from considering 
them as a judgment upon them for their transgressions, 
welcome their apjiroach as the means of sometimes saving 
them from starvation. They collect them at night, while tl ey 
are benumbed by the dew, and cook them in heated pits, and 
then dry them; they are then ground and made into cakes, 
which are said to be nutritious. Sometimes they are pickled 
or salted, and thus they are carried into many of the towns of 
Africa by the wagon load, as we bring poultry to market. 

^foses. in his instructions to the children of Israel, has 
particularly mentioned the kinds they were at liberty to eat 
(Lev. .xi — ■j.-l). "Even these of .them ye may eat. the locust 
after his kind, the bald locust after his kind aixl the beetle 
after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind." We also 
read in the Xew Testament that John the liajitist, while in 
the wilderness of Judea, did eat locusts and honey. 

The cenus ''Oedipoda," or swelled leg, contains our common 
large varietie.?, "Oedipoda parado.va," (Thomas,) is the largest 
we have in the Territory, the head and thighs are very large, 
wings lemon color, shanks red, with spines tipped with black, 
wing covers mottled with dark brown sjiots, length from two 
to tliree inches. 

"Oedipoda Carolina," a very handaoine species, is abundant 
in gardens; it is from one to one and a half inches in length, 
of a pale yellowish color; the wings are black with a broad, 
j-ellow hind margin. 

"Oedipoda .sulphurea," one inch long, color du,,kv brown, 
wings sulphur yellow. 

The clou. led locust, hoitst oedipoda nebidom, one inch long, 
dusky brown, wing covers pale, clouded and spotted with 
brown, wings transparent. 

All the remedies recommended by men of experience seem 
of no avail when the locusts come in full force. It is stated 





vJTJ^EisrirjE insrsTi^TJCTOK/. 



S73 




by some^that coal oil is an effectual remedy, but appears to be 
expensive. 

The locusts are subject to the attacks of a small brown 
worm called ''filiaria," resembling in appearance those called 
horse hair eels. As many as four have been found in the 
body of one insect. They are also infested with a minute 
red mite (ocypete) which sucks their juices and kills them. 
Many birds devour them, a kind of sand wasp (sphegid*) 
provisions her nest with them, but still they continue their 
ravages, and as yet no effectual method for their destruction 
has deen discovered. 



I^ E J^ 3D I ISr G- •WELI-i- 




THAT a great deal of the value of public Bible-reading 
depends upon the ability of the reader to read icell. no 
one will question. But how rare the ability! It would not 
be amiss for superintendents to cultivate this power, so that 
in reading the Sacred Word to the school, they may at lea.st 
avoid making it ridiculous, as some unconsciously do, or 
destroying its meaning in imijortant passages. A;id how 
much better if the e.^erclse can be made a source of rare 
delight! The following anecdote, from the pen of Prof J. 
W. Shoemaker, in the School-Day Magazine, illustrates what 
sad work poor leading may sometimes make of the words of 
the Yaster: 

A student at the Theological Seminary at Andover, who 
liad an excellent opinion of his own talent, on one occasion 
asked the professor who taught elocution: 

"What do I especially need to learn in this depart- 
ment?'' 

■'You ought just to learn to read," said the professor. 

'•0, I can read now," replied the .student. 

The professor Landed the young man a Testament, and 
pointing to the twenty-fifth verse of the twenty-fourth chajjter 
.if Luke's Gospel, he asked him to read that. The student 
read, '"Then he said unto them, fool-, and slow of heart to 
leLieve all that the projihets have spoken.'' 

•'Ah," said the professor, "they were fools for hilkvlng 
the prophets, were they?" 

Of course that was not right, and so the young man tried 
again. 

"0 fools, and slow of heart to believe nV that the prophets 

have spoken." 

"The prophets, then, were sometimes liars?'' asked the 

jjrofessor. 

"No. O fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the 

jjrophets have spoken." 

"According to this reading," the professor suggested, "the 
prophets were notorious liars. " 

This was not a .satisfactory conclusion, and <(> another trial 
was made. "0 fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the 

prophets hiiv. 'poken." 

"I .see now," said the professor, "the prni>hets wr.itr tlie 

truth, bnt they sprjJce lies." 

Tliislast criticism discouraged the student, and b.' acknow- 
ledged that lie did not know how to read. The <liflieulty lies 
in the fact that the words "slow of heart to believe" applies 
to the whole of "the latter part of the .sentence, and emphasis 
on any particular word entirely destroys the meaning. There 
are thousand.-, of passages that may be rendere.l meaningless. 
or even ridiculous, by the change of emphasis npim a -ingle 
word alone. 






n 



ooK. 



BY a. M. o. 



THE CONTRABANDIST. 



C Continued. ) 

'' '/TlilE fury of the gale did not abate for several days, but 
i Fathom went fre(iuentlj every day down to the cove to 
discover if some relic or remains of the wreck had floated 
ashore by which a clue to her name and nationality might be 
found. His search, howev,-^r, proved fruitless. The current, 
sweeping around the cliff with tremendous force, carried all 
the drift seaward; but from the few fragments of masts and 
yards washed upon the beach, it could be determined with 
certainty that the vessel was of foreign build. As scores of 
vessels had shared the .same fate during the storm, all the 
imiuiries set on foot by my father ])roveu a'.ike abortive; so 
after many months of diligent .search in directions the most 
likely to furnish the needed information, all hope was aban- 
doned, and he turned his attention to the little girl so miracu- 
lously saved from death, for the infant, in the meantime, under 
the fostering care of Mrs. Fathom, had entirely recovered from 
the rough treatment of the sea, and was progressiy.g in health 
as well as heart could desire. Mrs. Fathom, indeed, had 
become so attached to the child, that, as she has often told 
me, she dreaded that my father's in(|niries might find some 
relative or friend of the little one having more claim than her- 
.self; and it was to her a secret satisfaction that no clue could 
be found. She even afterwards persuaded my father to 
promise never to mention to the child the circumstances of its 
rescue from the wreck, but to let it grow up believing she was 
in reality the natural mother. The linen the child wore at the 
time contained no mark, nor was it in make different from the 
flothing usually worn by infants; the handkerchief only, from 
its peculiar design and the initial i" in the corner, was of 
value and worth preservation to prove the little one's identity, 
should it ever be necessary. 

"'Fathom and his wife adopted the child as their own, my 
father only claiming to act as a guardian, and assist in rearing 
and properly educating her. Fathom suggested tlur. as the 
letter on the handkerchief was the initial of his own name, my 
father should give the Christian name, which he decided shnuld 
bo Florence; so in <lne time the little irirl was taken to the (larish 
church and christened 'Florence Fathom.' The faithful New- 
foundland dog was not forgotten: he too, received a new name. 
They called him 'Hero.' and he became 'i)irt and pan-el' of 
the Fathom family. 

"'Well, time, so slow and ca^v to the young, so swift and 
toilsome to the old, rolled on, measured and ceaseless, Florence 
was nearly twelve and I si.xtcen years of age. Togetlier we hud 
grown up. almost constant companions, learning and a.ssisting 
each other in the lessons given by our tutor, my father, or 
wandciiiiL'over the velvet ilown^aiid summits of the tall cliffs, 
gathering flowers. Nothing of importance transpired in the 
lime to mar or inlerrupi our liaiipiness, unless it was the deatli 
<if 'Hero.' The faithlul <'ld dog wa« always with Florence, 
and her first sense of sorrow was the loss of a lomp.inioii ever 
at her side. AVe buried him in a corner of tlie garden in'ar 
the cottage, anil raiseil a uioiiument of stones and sea shells 
over his grave; and many a hou.|uet of tamarisk and inyrtle w 
placed upon it. 





S74r 



J-TJ^En^ILE I2srSTI?.TTOTOI?.. 





" 'I too, had met with an unpleasant circumstance, but in a 
different form. My fiuher had given permission, and Fathom 
had taken me frequently in his linat when making short fishina; 
oseursions. On one ocea.sion, in fact, my last voyage with 
him, late in the evening, I noticed him answerintr a signal 
thrown out by a rather large schooner- rigged vessel running 
along the coast. Fathom ran his erafc alongside and received 
several boxes and bundles, whii-h ho stowed carefully away 
under his nets and the few fish wo had taken during the d.ay. 
Young and unsuspicious as I was, I c:iuld not help noticing 
that the villainous-looking commander of the strange vessel 
was displeased with tlie fisherman at my presence, and I 
overheard him upbraid him for his thoughtlessness in bringing 
.1 boy of my age with him. Uut Fathom, in his good natured 
easy way, only laughed at tlie matter, and told the captain if 
there was any danger he ran the risk and it would fall on his 
head. When he left the vessel I asked him what the bo.xes 
iiontained. He told me it \ras only .some things the master of 
the vessel had to deliver at Li/.zard town, but did not want to 
lose time by running in, and .so had engaged him to deliver 
them. I recollect now, it was late at night, and high tide 
when we made the cove; and the boat was not beached as 
u>ual, but run into one of the iarge caves burrowed under the 
clifi' by the sea. Here the bundles and boxe.s were carefully 
taken from the boat and concealed in a dark recess of the 
locks; after which we returned to the usual landing, and com- 
menced unloading the nets and fish. I inquired during the 
di.-chiirging of the bo.xes why he did not take the things to 
his cottage, but he gave me an eva.sive answer, and requested 
me never to mention anything about what he had done, asthe 
owners of the vessel from which hehad taken the traps would. 
if they fonnd it out, certainly puni.sii his friend, thi; cajitain of 
the .ichooner, ;or not running into the port and delivering the 
giiod^ personally. [ pn>miso<l liini to keep silent in the matter, 
for I had not the lca>t suspicion of any wrongdoing, and never 
spoke of it. Yet I noticed tint F.ithom never touk nie out 
with him again, although I frciquently asked him lor the 
pleasure, for it was a plcasme to me. I loved the sea, and, 
intending to follow it professionally, I did not like to h se the 
opportunity of learnini? anything eonnec^ted with the calling; 
and his denying me was a disappnintnjent I Iclt at the time 
very keenly. But the disappointments of youth are easily 
surraounte<i and forgotten.' Other and more .stirring events 
wero .soon to happen. 

" 'My father, thinking [ w:s old enough to enter the service, 
procured mo a berth as midshipnian on board of one of the 
lincHt frigates in His Miijesly's navy, commanded at the time 
bv Captain, now Lord, Oockliurn, an old friend and shipmate 
of my father. It i.i not necessary to relate that the receipt of 
the commission eau.^ed a great deal of excitement for me and 
sorrow for Florence. I was 'fitteil out' and sent to Ports- 
mouth, \hcro the vessel lay, anil all in such .i hurry and bustle 
that I did not recover myself until rolling down the channel 
under a .stiff gale, the ship almost pitching her .'pars out, ami 
I almost dead with .soa .sickness. Then I began to realize that 
my days of boyhood had p.assed, and that [ had mor(! than a 
brother's love for P'lorence. 

"'Our .station was the Mediterranean, and it is neerlles; to 
relate that, with a fa,-t crafi and a brave and active commander, 
our prizes wore many, and (mr dangers aUo. I could tell of 
many a 'cutting out' .scrajjc, of captures and recaptures in- 
numenible, that oharatrterized the cruise, which we wound up 
after nearly four years, by a long anrl bloody action with a 
I'rcnch frigate wh.ch we captured near our own shores, an 



action that brought us great glory and praise, and also to many 
a home great sorrow and woe. 

'"During my absence, I had regularly corresponded with 
Florence, and though 1 never gave one hint of my feelings 
toward her in my letters, yet I know the thought of her 
promi)ted me in every line of my duty. It was her approba- 
tion and praise I craved. I longed for the end of the vovage, 
and daily anticipated in my mind the happy time when we 
could ramble over the cliffs together. 

"'Our frigate was so shattereil in the action that it was 
found necessary to dock her, and I had no trouble to get a long 
leave of absence. Rest assured in the excitement of my joy, 
I lost no time between the ship and my home, and when at 
last home — well it must be realized it cannot be described. 
I That I had changed in appearance, I have no doubt. That 
Florence had, I know. Her golden hair was more golden, her 
blue eyes bluer; and from being enamored, 1 became madly in 
love. But there is always a drop or two of bitterness mixed 
with our joy. I found that everything was not going on as 
smoothly as when T left home. The government officers had 
discovered the great traffic in .smuggling carried on by the 
fisherujen, and strong suspicions and reflections were cast on 
F.uhom. My father, from some cause, had no doubt of 
Fathom's guilt, and only .seemed to hesitate in causing his 
arrest t'lrough frien 1-hip. Tin; fi-horman had, through 
excess of drink, beco iie so gnus and bloated that any one 
might reasonably expi'ct to hear of his sudden death by 
apoplexy. A nmv inmate at the Fathom cottage gave me the 
most concern: he was a yonn,' man about my age, and more 
prepos-essing; he protcsed to be an artist, and amused him- 
selr, apparently, sketching the 1 eautiful.'ceneiy in the neighbor- 
hood. In spite of bis handsome fice, I did not like his looks. 
He called him -elf Carlos D az! He was the man I hung this 
m )rning! 

( 7V> //f (^rrt/fnnfft?,) 



TH 



3 i^-i^insroiiPXjEi 



OIP 



liV (JKDltllK II liHI.MlI.'VLI,. 



"r \vri,,L gatluT nnne e'eet f om the four quarters of the 

1 earth." says th,-: Lsrd through hi- prophets 

Such appears to h:ive been the de-ign of the Almighty from 
the beginning, which is plainly set forth in the unchanging 
command, "gather yourselves together," eiven to his people 
in all ases of the world. 

In the days of Noah, the li^dit'on-, though fisw in number, 
were gathered into the ark and saved, Abraham was requested 
to gather his household, and go up to the land of Fgypt. with- 
out fear, before the Loid. Mo-es was commissioned of God 
to gather the host of enthralled Israel, and lead them foith 
out of captivity. Lelii, in obedience to the command, gath- 
ered his household, departi d from Jerusalem, and came to thi.s 
land of proniii-e. Jesus would have gathered the Jews into 
the chambers of e'.ernal gloiy, "evtn as a hen gatherelh her 
chickens," but thev would not be gaihered; yet He commis- 
sioned His apo.-tles to gather the righteotis ftom all nations, 
and teach them of His way-. And, finally, the Prophet J o.>^eph 
Smith was commissioned to gaiher the honest in heart from 
every nation, kindre<l, tonyue and "icople, and to establish the 
final kingdom ol (Jod in llie-e the last days. 

The Prophet Jo-eph lonfiiied the authority ujion others, 
and sent them forth as jireai hers of the everlasting gospel, to / 





a"TJ^E]nsrini.E] iitsti?.tjctoi?.. 



S75 




call all men to ihe kingdom of God, and 'varn them of evil. 
Thus they went forth as reapers in the harvest field of the 
Lord, who commanded them saying, "Thrust in your sickles 
with 3'our might, for the harvest is ready, and gather the 
gr\in, that I may lay up abundance unto myself. " Hence the 
Elders have gone, and still go forth to gather the righteou.s. 

The Lord compares the evil doers to tares, or weeds, and the 
righteous to good grain. Therefore, he says, "'the grain will 
I gather into my storehouse, and tares will I cast into the fire " 
In this the importance of gathering is plainly seen. 

When the elect ot God, the lovers of truth and virtue, are 
gathered from among the wicked, He will withdraw His spirit 
of peace altogether; and how quickly will the fire of passion 
coDijume them. Then will earthquakes bury them, disease 
cut them off, tempests sweep them away, and famine and 
pestilence devour them; while the righteous will remain securely 
gathered in the folds of God, even in these valleys of Ephraim, 
and wherever tKe Lord may locate them. Therefore did our 
parents, many of them, forsake the land of their birth, leave 
their childhood haunts, bid farewell to the friends of their 
youth, tear themselves from father, mother, sister, brother, 
and in many instances, sever all social ties of former tenacity, 
cross the waste of waters and the dreary plains, undergoing 
untold hard.ships and deprivation, to gather here in Zion, 
where they might claim the protection of the Lord. 

Confusion reigns in the world; hence it is Babylon, a"d the 
warning words ot Jehovah are, ''Come out of her my people, 
that ye be not drinkers of her iniquity, nor partakers of her 
plagues." Hence we see the utility of gathering, that the 
good may enjoy the society of the good, and the evil be left to 
go, as they will, to destruction. 




Phesext Aspect of B.\iivi.()N.— Though no auti<iuary, as 
I have said, I determined in mv mind, that I was passing along 
the walls of Babylon. Many fr.igments of bricks were lying 
among the sand, some marked with the same character 1 
noticed in Hillah. All was barren aroi'ud; although at some 
distance, where the waters were shallowest, 1 could see the 
grass peeping above them. Hy the walls J had found a dry 
road to the base of a huge shapeless mound on whi.^h the 
tower is placed: its circumference is estimated at little uiore 
than seven hundred yards: a narrow way divided it from a 
still larger and more irregular heap, upon the side of which 
.«tood, facing the tower, a small mos(|ue. If the dervishes to 
whom these memorials are erected, lived on the spots where 
the tombs now stand that are to be seen over the remains of 
Babylon, they selected well fir the abandonment nt' the woilU; 
more forlorn spots could .scarcely be found; for. in the great 
desert even, there is verdureand Hower — here all is utter misery. 
On the hight of the first mounds stands a well built towt'r, 
of something less than forty fccjt high. Sm'h an erection in 
modern days would excite admiration for its wmknianshiii; 
with what astonishment must it be viewed in the supposition 
that its age exceeds 4000 years. Huge heajts of brick lie 
aV)Out melted into solid masses, as if by the action of tire; 
and the whole mnund on which the pillar stamis i» covered 
with the fragments (jf witll baked bricks: and this is the 
Temple of Belus, it is said, or the Tower of lialx'j. At any 
rate it stands on the plain of Shinar, where Babylon once 
stood; and most completely, as my eye wandered over the 
scene of desolation, did I feel the truth of the fulfilhiKiit ot 
the judtrments proniiunced against her; yes, "'Every one that 
gocth by Babylon shall l>e astonished.'' — Selected. 



ttesiitn\§ anti ^nsiverji 

oisr THE 
book: OIF im: o I?. 3vj: o isT 



LESSON CXVIII 

Q — After they were drivon from the Land of David, wIiimc 
did the Nei>hite= under Mormon nest make a stand? 

A. — In the Innd of .lo^hua 

Q.— "Who was king of the Lainanitcs at this time? 

A. — Aaron. 

Q. — What was the result of the battle, which Boon afterwards 
occurred? 

A. — Aaron, with .in army of forty-four thousand men, was 
completely defeated by Mormon with an army of forty-two 
thousand, 

Q. — Were the Nophitee able to maintr.in the advantage thus 
gf.ined? 

A. — No; ir. the year 315 they ■wore again foiccd to flee from the 
Lamanites. 

Q. — To what land did ihey come, before they stopped their 
retreat? 

A. — The land of Jashon. 

y. — Being dr^yen from Jashon, what city did thei" next fortify? 

A.— The city of Shem. 

Q.— What was the result of the battle foVight thefe? 

A- — The Nephites, numbering only thirty thousand, defeated 
the I.,r.manites, fifty thousand in number. 

Q. — By this and a few succeeding battles, what were the Neph- 
itis enabled to do? 

A.— To obtain a division o* the land. 

Q.— What portion did each party get'' 

A.— The N. phites obtained that part north of the narrow pa'.':- 
agc, which is now called North America, and the Laraanites 
regained what is now known as South America, 

Q__Iii what year was this division made? 

A.— In the year 'VA\ 

Q. — How lontj did peace continue after this division? 

A.— Ten yeais. 

Onsr THE BIBLE. 



Q— What kind of a woman was Abigail, the wife of Nabal* 

A. — "She was a woman of good understanding, and of » heau- 
tifal countenance " 

0._What did Pavid hear in the wilderness? 

A,— That Nahal did she: r his ^heep. 

Q.— What did David then do? 

A. — He sent out ten young men to greet Nabal in his nuiiie. 

Q, —What message were they to give him? 

A.— To greet him with peace. 

Q, —What reply did Nahal make'' 

A. — "Who is David'' ami who is the son of Jo.sso? there I'C 
n\any servants now a days that break away every man from his 
master. Shall 1 then take my bicftd, and my water, and my 
flesh that 1 have killed for my shearers, and give it unto men, 
whom T know not whence they be'"' 

Q. — What did David. do when his young men gave him Nabiil's 

rcplv? 
A. He .L'irdiil oti hiv swi>rd, and instructed his men to do the 

same. 

y. — What wa" David determined to do'' 

A. — To seek vcngcanon for the offense K'vin him hy Nabal by 
killing him and his household. 

Q. — What did Abiiiail do when shi- was informed by one ofthe 
Bci vant» that h«T husliatid had raih'd on David's uu'ssongers? 

A.— Sh(i took food and wiiir for Uavid and his men, and madt- 
haste to meet them. 

Q,— Was Nabal awan- of her intcnlrntion? 

A.— No she did notsfieuk to him o/' it. 



\i 




7 



S76 



J" U "V E ISr I H. :H] IDtrSTI^TJOTOI^ 




IF"./^! T 131 



C IMI. 



[Devizes; from ^'Tlie f m'nn Tune Book. 



Words by Wm. "W'iij.e.s 



i^Ea=i 



=t 



-f — , — I — I- 



Z-^Z 



■.z^-^z 



i—-^- 



Faitli ii 



1 I 

.L'itt from (jod a - bove To 

I * -•- ^ -IS- -■ — 



:S£ 



-^- 



Mrsic BY TucKf;R. 

zr^zz^-^=\-jz.-=.n-=^-n—M~ 



i 



here be 
mi :•: 



low; 



:r^e: 



-^Ed^^^r^: 



mortals 



Ou those who 



^=t: 



qE5gE=|^3Ep 



n=e=-=*= 



-f2I 



»«=Ci 



i 



H— J- 



-J-. 



trust ami prove His lovt 






He doth that gift be - stow, He doth that gift be - stow. 



-3->-.s — fS — x—m—^—m— * — |— p 







Is^fi 



^-z-^-Bi-± 



Faith is the spring in God and man, 
The power that leads the way; 

The lirst thing in the gospel plan 
On wliich our hopes can stay. 

"Without true faith we cannot learn 
The truths of gospel light, 

Amid earth's darkness not discern 
Between the wrong and right. 



All things are possible to those 

Who faith will exercise, 
For God His many gifts bestows. 

And no good thing denies. 

Without true faith we cannot please 

The Lord in anything; 
For he has told us in his word 

Wo must this oifering bring. 



S TJ isr ID ^^ Y LESSOlsTS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TP i HISTORY OF .JOSEPH SMITH, TUE PROPHET. — LESSON XI.III. 



Q. — How loiitc did the mob continue to persecute the Saints? 

A. — Fur several years. 

Q.— "SVhut personal abuse did they indict on some of the .Satnts? 

A.— They ta.-red and feathered I5i»ho]) F. Partridge and others. 

Q.— What else did the mob do? 

A. — They burned houses and destroyed much property. 

Q. — "When did the women and children ilee before the nmb? 

A.— On the'ith and (ilh-of Kovember, 1803. 

Q.— Where did they flee to? . 

A. — They fled into the wilderness. 

Q.— Ilad they any houses to go inti>? 

A. — Xo; thej' had no shelter for several days. 

Q. — What was seen hj- them on the l-'Uli of X(jvcmber? 

A. — Glorious signs in the lieavcns. 

Q. — What effect did these signs have upon them? 

A. — They were R great comfort to them. 

Q. — After they were driven from Independence, wliere did 
they go to? 

A. — Into Clay County. 

Q. — AVhere was Joseph the I'roplK.-t during the time of this 
persecution'' 

A. — In Kirtland. 

Q. — What did Joscidi do fur the Saints while lie was in Kirt- 
land? 

A. — He wrote manj- encouraging letters to them. 

Q. — In some of those letters what counsel did ho give them? 

A. — >'ot to sell their lands in Jackson Counlv. 



TitE answer to the Enigma published in No. 21 is Brigiiam 
Yoi'XG. We have received correct solutions from Wm. H. 
Croft, Jno. A. Croft, Enterprise; Nancy H. Hunt, St. Charles; 
M. C. Hancock, Leeds; Chas. Lindholm, Tooele;- Maria M. 
Miller, Richfield; Juo. Walton, Isabelh Walton, Mill Creek; 
Helia A. Crockett, West Jordan; also from Mary E. Orb, R. 
A''. Decker, Peatria Attley, Edward Tavlor and Chas. W. 
Caffalh Salt Lake City. 

The answer to the Puzzle published in the same number is 
Sor-ART. We have received no correct solutions. 



Endeanor to bo innocent as a dove, but as wise as a serpent; 
and let this lesson direct you most in the greatest extremes of 
fortune. Hate idleness, and curb all passions; be true in all 
words and actions; unnecessarily deliver not your opinion; but 
when jTju do, let it be just, well considered, and plain. Be 
charitable in all thought, word, and deed, and ever ready to 
forgive iniuries done to yourself and be more pleased to do 
good than to receive good. 

CrTJ"\^ElsriLE IlSrSTI?.TJOTOI2. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ox THE FIRST Sl FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 




IIa.s it never occurred to us, when surrounded by sorrows, 
that they may be sent us only fur our instruction, as wc 
arken the cages of birds when wc wi^h thiin to siuL'.' 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy^ per Annum — — f 2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^S'OSice, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utih. 




