
IjMhuss to l|e Jorb! 





SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1873. NO. a. 



VOL. 8. 



OUR eugraviu 
a pictor- 
ial embodi- 
ment of a 
portion of 
the lesson, 
taught by 
the Redeem- 
er in the par- 
able of the 
sower. "And 
•while men 
slept, his en- 
emy came 
and sowed 
tares among 
the wheat," 
are words 
contained in 
the 13th 
chapter o f 
the gospel of 
St. Matthew, 
and were 
used by the 
Redeemer to 
illustrate and 
e nf o r c e a 
great spirit- 
ual truth. In 
the everyday 
affairs of life 
a man could 
scarcely act 
the part of 
an enemy 
more than 
by visiting 
h i s neigh- 
bor's field 
and sowing 
tares among 
the good 
seed planted 
there, for 
such an act 
would be al- 



THB E3STE]^C"Y" SOWI3STC3- TARES. 



this week is beautiful and suggestive and is most sure to rob the injured party of a pardon 




of the fruits of 
his labor, 
and might 
bring great 
distress up- 
on him and 
h i s family. 
Such acts 
have been 
known, but 
they are sel- 
dom commit- 
ted, for ma- 
liciously dis- 
posed per- 
sons can fiud 
more easy 
methods o f 
giving ex- 
pression t o 
their mean- 
ness and ill- 
will than by 
taking the 
trouble to 
sow tares or 
bad seed in 
their neigh- 
bor's grain 
patch. But, 
as we have 
said, the les- 
son which 
the Savior 
was convey- 
ing by this 
very forci- 
ble illustra- 
tion was in 
relation to 
spiritual 
things, and 
the human 
ui i u d w a s 
the field in 
w h i c h the 
tares were 



'irP 







18 



J-TJYEITILE I1TSTRTJOTOR 




sown by the enemy here referred to. If you read the chapter 
containing the parable of the sower this will be plain to your 
understandings; and you will also be convinced that, as far as 
truth, or the gospel, is concerned, it is about the satue to-day as 
it was during the earthly life of its Author. Its effects now 
upon individuals who receive it may be likened to the sowing 
of seed in the different kinds of soil mentioned in the parable. 
You know very well that if good seed grain be properly sown 
in good soil it briugs forth thirty, fifty or a hundred fold. If 
sown too near the surface it will not do so well; if in stony 
ground, or left to itself and never irrigated or cleared of weeds 
it will grow poorly, or be choked by the weeds, aud in either 
c tse but a poor crop will be harvested. So with the gospel. 
Some receive it with gladness of heart, and earnestly aud hum- 
bly listen to its precepts and allow its principles to influence 
and control their actions. On such soil it brings forth a hun- 
dred fold. Others receive it, but they are so engaged in the pur- 
snits of this world that they do not allow its principles to 
influence their conduct near bo much as they ought; and in such 
soil the seed flourishes poorly and brings forth a poor crop. 
Others, again, may hear the gospel and in their feelings they 
may oss -nt to the truth and worth of its principles and precepts; 
but their moral perceptions arc so bluutcd that they will not 
endure the Belf-denial which it would require. Such soil is 
stony or barren, and the seed is choked and brings forth no 
fruit. In every case, however, the result depends upon the 
ol thoa ■ wlin hear, just as much a* the crop raised by 
the fanner depends upon his industry. If the latter were to 
sow his grain in the best soil imaginable, and leave it to take 
. ire •! i:- !(', he w mid not have much of a crop; while if in his 
ti 1 1 the soil wis poor or stony, a fair crop might be produced 
if the ur, — nry diligence and industry wore ever, ised. Just so 
wi'Ii all who hear the gospel, and who are taught good and 
who! sonic I ssons, if they an' determined to profit thereby 
n (thing can hind r. And this is just as true of young folks as 

"f t! Ider ones, and w>\\ comes the application we wish to 

make in thin article to our young friends — the readers of the 
JlJVI SILK I\-Ti;i CTOB. 

Vou may atl Hid Sunday school and receive the very best 
ins'ruction from your I rs bo taught to obey your parents, 
truthful, virtu ais, never to take God's name in vain, 
m ver to tell an untruth, or to do anything, however small, that 
i- wr ■ - Bui all that t tachers can do i> to give the lesson ami 
got the example, or. in other word--, sow the good seed. They 
can nol fora u to observe their teachings and examples, that 
is a matter entirely optional with yourselves. If you are care- 
1 iodiffer nt, you encourage the enemy to sow the tares 
o: rather, we will say, you bow ihcm yourselves, for you are 
doing thin in i very a :l of your lives. 

I i- not a boy or L'irl who will read this that docs not 

kn iw that it i.H wrong to lie, steal, take • lod b nam.' in vain, or 
to b disobedi nt to parent;; there is no boy that does not know 
that it i- wrong to '!•••■ profane language, to give way to drink- 
i ior. or lo Slnokc or chew tobacco, and any one guilty of 
i more of these evils is sowing tares in bis own li II, and 
they will bring forth a crop to his dishonor. From this you 

a -i of your lives helps to cultivate and 

ir ■ wn ch na -tor-, and that ill all you do or say Vou 

i - I o r tar B, and a crop which shall he 

honor 01 dishonor is sure and certain a' some future 

day. 'I'lr re i^ scaping thi-, it i- on • tcmal law that as \v 

-h ill w n ip. 
Wo hope thai the boys and girl* who read the Juvenile 
i >k will think of this, and endeavor to so order their 

thai they may be liil d with g 1 deeds, good words 

"1 th u i troe will shield them from the 

tiona ol tbi enemy who, ever ready to take advantage 

. f those wh • commit sin and folly, *..«■- tan is in bis neighbor's 

ti II. 




QUESTIONS .A-HsTID ^IST- 
SWERS 02ST THE BOOK 

of nyEOK.3vnonsr, 



CA T E C II I SM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



S C 11 O L S . 



lesson xur. 

(J. — Ukl the Nephites have a knowledge of the Savior? 

A.— Yes; they were taught by their prophets that Jesus would come. 

Q. — Did they know how the Jews would treat Ilim? 

A — Yes; their prophets taught the people that the Jews would 
crucify him. 

Q. — What-werc the promises made unto the Gentiles concerning 
this land ? 

A. — That they should be blessed upon it. 

Q.— What more ? 

A. — That this should be aland of liberty unto the Gentiles, and 
that there should be no kings upon it. 

Q. — Were other nations to prevail over those who lived on this land? 

A. — No; the Lord would fortify this land against all other nations. 

Q.— What is said concerning the Gentiles aud the seed of Lehi upon 
this land? 

A. — That the Gentiles should be numbered among the seed of Lehi, 
who arc of the house of Israel. 

Q. — After the Lord had revealed to the Nephites that Jesus would 
come, did they cease to keep the law of Moses ? 

A. — No; they kept the law of Moses, and looked forward unto 
Christ until the law should be fulfilled. 

Q. — To whom did they look for the remission of sins? 

A. — To God, through His Son Jesus Christ. 

Q. — What were they taught concerning Christ afler He should rise 
from the dead V 

A. — That He would show himself unto the Nephites. 

ti — Were they to know when the Messiah should eome? 

A. — Yes; there should be signs given unto them at His birth. 

Q. — Were they to know about His death ? 

A. — Yes; there were also to be signs given them at His death and 
resurrection. 

LKSSON XIV. 

tj. — Were the Nephites taught any other doctrines besides faith in 

JCSUB '.' 

A. — Yes-, repentance of sin and baptism for its remission. 

Q. — Were they promised the Holy Ghost? 

A. — Yes; he that was baptized in the name of the Son, to him the 
Father should givo tho Holy Ghost. 

Q.— In what year after they left Jerusalem did Ncphi give com- 
mandments to his brother Jacob, concerning the plates? 

A.— In the lifty-liflh. 

Q. — When Ncphi began lo be old, and saw that lie must Boon die, 
u lial <lid he do? 

A. — lie anointed a man to 1)0 a king and a ruler over his pooplo. 

ti. — How were these kings known? 

A. — They were called Ncphi First, Ncphi Second, Ncphi Third, etc. 

l^. — What is said concerning the people under the reign of the 
second king. 

A.— That they beeaii to grow hard in their hearts and lo indulge 
themselves in wicked practices. 

l>. — What was the nature of these practices? 

A. — They desind many wives and concubines, and they als 
lo search much for gold ami silver. 

(J. — What did Jacob do when lie saw this disposition of II 
\ li' pic;, die. I n^aiiisl it and warned them. 

lj. — What did he fay was Hie law of (he Lord lo (hem concerning 

\* \\ es ' ; 

A.— That no man among Ihcm should have i c than one n ife, and 

concubines he should have none, 

i,' \\ lint more did he say ? 

A.— He said tint whoredoms wero an abomination licforo llim, 
Q.— What further did .licit, snv upon lids subject? 

A.— Thai if I will, saiih the Lord, to raise up seed unto me I «iii 
command my people, otherwise thej shall hearken unto these things, 

',' w i. at i- meant by this ? 

A . — I in \ M.reto confine themselves to one wife each, unless the 
I il ihould command otherwise? 

( lo tic continued.) 



began 



people! 





J XT ~V El IT X L IE IHSTRTJCTOR, 



19 



& 



'•THE TOBTST OTTZE^T^IHST. 




THE following story from the History of England is a strik- 
ing example of the truth that a kind action is never thrown 
away. 

The date was that of the civil war between the parliament 
and King Charles I. The two parties had taken up arrns, and 
were vigorously carrying on the conflict. 

The King's army had been defeated several times, and those 
of his adherents taken with arms in their hands were led before 
judges appointed by Cromwell in every town, to be condemned 
as rebels. 

Sir Nicholas Newcastle was one of these judges. He was a 
man of austere manner, but without fanaticism; his devotion to 
the new government was well known, and Cromwell had a 
special esteem for him. 

His weakly constitution did not allow him to serve in arms 
for the cause which he thought the just one, but he was looked 
upon as the most active and able, as well as the most rigorously 
just magistrate in his county. 

One evening, Sir Nicholas was at supper with his family and 
a few of his friends, when a band of soldiers arrived with a 
royalist prisoner, whom they had just succeeded in capturing. 

It was an officer, who, after the rout of Charles' army, had 
been vaiuly trying to reach the coast, and there find means of 
escaping to France. 

Sir Nicholas ordered his hands to be unbound, and another 
table to be placed near the fireplace. 

"It is my birthday," said he, "and I wish to finish merrily 
the supper which I have begun. Give refreshment to this 
cavalier and his guards. At present I would only be his host; 
in an hour I will act as his judge." 

The soldiers thanked him, and sat down at the table near 
their prisoner, who did not appear to be much affected by his 
position, and fell to on the provisions set before him with as 
good an appetite as any of them. 

Sir Nicholas returned to his place at the head of the large 
table, and resumed the conversation that had been interrupted 
by the arrival of the soldiers. 

"Well, I was telling you," he continued, "that at the age of 
fifteen, I Was still so weak and puny, that every one scorned my 
feebleness, and took advantage of it to ill-use me. First I had 
to endure the bad treatment of a step-mother, then that of my 
schoolfellows. Courage in boys is only the consciousness of 
strength. My weakness made me a coward, and far from 
hardening me, the roughness and harshuess to which I was 
exposed made me only more shrinking, and more sensitive to 
pain. I lived in a continual state of fear, but above all I feared 
the master's cane. Twice I had suffered this cruel punishment, 
and I had preserved such an acute remembrance of the pain, that 
the very thought of a third infliction made me tremble all over. 

''I was at Westminster school, as I have already told you. 
The classes were taught in a large room together, and were 
separated one from another by a curtain, which we were 
expressly forbidden to touch. 

" One summer day, drowsiness had overcome me for a 
moment, iu the middle of a Greek lesson, then a slight noise 
starting me out of my nap, I only saved myselt from falling off 
my seat by catching at the curtain, which was close beside me. 
It gave way at my grasp, and to my horror, I saw that I had 
made in it a tear big enough to see the next class through. 
The two masters turned round at the noise, and at once per- 
ceived the damage that had been done. The blame appeared 
to lie between me and the boy next the curtain on the other 
side, but my confusion soon pointed me out as the culprit, and 
my master angrily ordered me to come and have a dozen blows 
of the cane. 

"I got up staggering like a drunken man; I tried to speak 
to ask pardon, but fear had glued my tongue to my mouth; my 



knees trembled under me; a cold perspiration broke out on my 
face. 

" The instrument of punishment was already raised over me, 
when I heard some one say — 

" 'Do not punish him. It was my fault I' 

"It was the boy on the other side of the curtain. He was 
at once called forward and received the dozen blows. My first 
impulse was to prevent thi3 unjust punishment by confessing 
the truth; but I could not summon up courage, and when the 
first blow had been given, I was ashamed to speak. 

"When the flogging was over, the boy passed near me with 
bleeding hands, and whispered to me with a smile that I never 
shall forget in all my life — 

'' 'Do not meddle with the curtain again, youngster. The 
cane hurts.' 

"I sank down in a fit of sobbing, and they had to send me 
out of the room. 

"Since that day, I have been disgusted with my cowardi:?, 
and have done all I can to overcome it. I hope I have not been 
altogether unsuccessful." 

" And do you know this generous fellow?" asked one of the 
guests. " Have you ever seen him again ?" 

" Never, unfortunately. He was not in my class, aud left 
school soon afterwards. Ah 1 God knows I have often wished 
to meet with the gallant fellow who suffered so much for me, 
and that I would give years of my life to be able to shake hands 
with him at my table." 

At that moment, a glass was held out towards Sir Nicholas, 
who lifted his eyes with astonishment. It was the royalist 
prisoner, who laughingly proposed a toast. 

11 To the memory of the torn curtain at Westminster ! But, 
upon my word, Sir Nicholas," he said, "your recolleetiou is not 
so accurate as mine. It was not twelve blows that I received, 
but twice twelve, for having exposed another to punishment, 
aud not at once declaring myself to blame." 

" You are right; now I remember 1" exclaimed the judge. 

"And your worthy master, if I am not mistaken, made you 
write a Latiu essay on self-accusation." 

" I remember, I remember 1" repeated Sir Nicholas; "but is 
it possible that it could be you ? Yes, I recognize your features; 
it is he, it is indeed he. But in what a situation ! in what a 
service 1" 

"Iu the service of my king, Sir Nicholas. I was not going 
to be the first in my family who had played the traitor. My 
father has already died in arms, and I expect no better fate. 
Never mind, I only ask one thing, God save the king !'' 

With these words the royalist returned to his place among 
the soldiers, and continued his repast. 

Sir Nicholas sat silent and thoughtful. 

That very night, after leaving orders that the prisoner was to 
be well treated, he left home without saying where he was going, 
and was absent for three days. On the fourth day he arrived, 
and ordered the royalist officer to be brought before him. 

"Are you going to settle my affair at length?' asked he; 
coolly. " It is time to do so, were it only for humanity's sake. 
They treat me so well at your house, Sir Nicholas, that before 
long I shall come to wish to retain my life." 

"My friend," said the judge, with a grave face, but in a 
voice trembling with emotion, "twenty years ago, you said to 
me, ' Do not meddle with the curtain, youngster, for the cane 
hurts 1' Here is your pardon, sigued by the Lord Protector; 
but in my turn I say to you, ' Do not take up arms against the 
Parliament, for Cromwell is not easy to deal with.' " 

St footed. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 1, is SAINT 
RENCE. Correct solutions have been received from 
A. Lambourne and Horace Cummings. 



LAW 
Charle 





JTJTE1TILE IUSTRTJOTOB, 




%\% iuftttiitt ittsfeucfoe- 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1873. 

EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





E will now resume reflections connected 
with the subject of the editorial iu the 
last number. 

In reading over and meditating upon 
the early history of the Church of Jesus 
'>vb~|-? ^N^^C* Christ of Latter day Saints, and the suffer- 
i! , \) < *^'^iX i D g S atu i persecutions of its members, one 
can not help wondering that such outrages 
were ever committed or permitted under a 
great and free government like that of the 
United States, in an age too like this, which, 
more than any which has preceded it, is noted 
for its spirit of liberality; and this wonder is 
increased, when it is remembered that those 
who robbed and murdered the Latter-day Saints, 
destroyed their property, and injured them in almost 
every way, were never brought to justice. But what- 
♦"SHk* ever may ^° tl,ou ? ut of these facts they afford eonolu- 
•-//T^ sive proof that Truth is no more palatable now, in 
4 ' J the 19th century of the Christian era than it was in 
the first, and that the promise— "In the world ye shall suffer 
persecution"— made by the Savior to His followers is as sure of 
fulfillment now as when it was made. The integrity of those, 
who, suffering privations of the most trying kiud and facing 
death itself in the most fearful shapes, stood faithful and true 
to God and their religion, must also excite deep and lasting 
admiration in all who think about and understand the early his- 
tory of the Latter-day Church. It is true that some were 
shaken and left the Church, but they were only the half-hearted 
and hypocrites, and the loss of such is always a gain to any 
cause. 

II"W different the position and circumstances of the Saints 
nowl Instead of being driven and hunted to death for wor- 
shipping God according to the dictates of their own- consciences 
—the only thing for which the world persecuted and martyred 
them in their early history, and for which it still hates them— 
they can now do so without fear or molestation. It is 
true that the enemies of God's truth and Church are still 
as active as ever, and it is not their fault that the scenes 
of the past are not re-acted in the valleys of Utah; but in 
the providences of the Greal Ruler, this is now rendered im- 
possible. 

There is one feature connected with the gospel of Jesus 
Christ which can not escape the attention of those who hear 
and think about it, and that is its very attractive character, 
and this explains why its converts are gathered from every 
land. Men hear its principles and promises, its gifts and 
blessings explained, and they embrace it, no matter what 
country they belong to, nor how different their education and 
traditions, and this is why the gospel net catches every kind of 
fish. 

[| i- said in the revelations given in modern times that God 
will have a tried people, and we are assured that His greatest 
gift— eternal life— will never be enjoyed save by those who 
liave been tried and proved and found faithful even unto death. 
Hence it makes little difference what kind of people embrace 
the gospel, for all who do so are sure, at some time in their 



experience, to be brought into circumstances which will test 
their faith' and integrity. That God's people have been so 
tried and proved is shown by the history of both former and 
Latter-day faints. 

For a good many years now, in this Territory, the Church 
has had quiet, its members have followed their various pursuits 
and callings, gone here and there, done this and that, and have 
enjoyed about as many privileges in these respects as people 
elsewhere, and they have enjoyed a remarkable freedom from 
troubles and annoyances such as were endured by their co- 
religionists in the early history of the Church, as well as by the 
Savior and His disciples, and the members of the churches 
founded by them. In fact there are thousands in the Church in 
Utah to-day who know little or nothing about trials or troubles 
for the Truth's sake. This is not their fault, but it is owing to 
the change referred to above. But is it to be supposed that, 
because of this, those who profess the religion of Jesus Christ 
now will gain possession of its gifts and blessings on any easier 
terms than those who have preceded them? Not at all. All 
may not be tried by death or physical suffering, or by having 
their houses burned and their property destroyed; but if not in 
this way it will be in some other equally as sure. If each 
individual now claiming to be a Latter-day Saiut has not, 
the Church, as a Church, has already proved that it can not bo 
shaken by death, poverty, drivings, mobbings, famine and suf- 
fering of every kind; but in the past it has not been subjected to 
the trial of prosperity, and it may be that this is now coming, 
atd it is very certain that if this test is of a less painful charac- 
ter than some others it is no less sure. It seems to be a very 
difficult thing for human beings when they are prosperous to 
remember God. "Wealth is apt to make them proud and arro- 
gant, and to fancy that they are all in all. In reading the his- 
tory of the NepHtes in the Book of Mormon, we find numerous 
examples of this. Whenever the people forgot God, so that 
His chastcnings had to be poured out upon them, it was 
because of their prosperity. 

Now, you are all aware, that, owiug to the causes referred to 
in the editorial thoughts in the last number, the people of this 
Territory, the Latt3r-day Saints, are much better off than they 
used to be, so far as the possession of money and the comforts 
it procures are concerned. There is every prospect too, that 
this will increase rather than otherwise; and it is just possible, 
and it really seems very probable, that God is going to try His 
people with prosperity. Place means and plenty within reach 
of many and they show a disposition to indulge in the pleasures, 
fashions and follies of the world; and there is not the least 
doubt that the increase of this disposition among the Saints in 
Utah, during the last four or five years, and the indifference 
manifested by many to honor the religion they profess, are owing 
to their increase in this world's goods. The result of this test 
will be similar to those in the past— it will sift the Church of 
the hypocrite, and of those in whom the words of eternal life 
have not taken very deep root. The enemies of Zion fancy, and 
they proclaim their belief, that the causes now operating will 
bring about the downfall of what the world terms "Mormon- 
ism;" and they point with exultation to the fact that parties 
apostatize, and that the fashions and follies of the world are 
becoming more popular in this community. But their anticipa- 
tions will be disappointed this time as they have been before. 
The kingdom will stand for ever and the sooner the half-hearted 
and corrupt, now professing to be Saints, who are but a bar to 
its progress, are separated from the genuine, the better; and 
any causes put in operation by the providences of God, which 
bring about this result are a blessing. And viewed in this 
light the changes we have referred to, evil though they be iu 
their nature, must be so regarded; for they make those who 
are not real Saints show themselves, and instead of retarding or 
having a tendency to break down the work of God, they but 
hasten the progress and triumph thereof. 





J TJ "V E IsT I I_. IE I1TSTBTJOTOR. 



THE CE/AUE 



T 



HIS week we present you with an engraving and a short 
account of another of the aquatic birds. Perhaps we had 
better tell you the meaning of the word "aquatic," for it 
neither looks nor sounds much like an English, or Saxon, word. 
It is derived from the Latin aqua : meaning water, and an 
aquatic bird or animal, is one that delights to be in the water. 
The Crane is a bird of this kind. You can see by the length of 
his legs that he is well built for wading, and the fact is, he 
spends a good deal of his time in the water, and lives ia the 
marshy districts of a good many countries. 

The crane is not a bird of a striking or interesting character. 
He is not savage and voracious like an eagle or vulture; neither 
is he gentle, like the dove. He has not a sweet voice to recom- 
mend him, like the nightingale or lark; and he can not make 
friends because of his powers of talking and mimicry, like the 
parrot or the mocking bird. In fact he is quite a commonplace 
member of the great bird family; but after all the common- 
places are the most numerous, no matter what branch of crea- 
tion you may examine, and as a general thing they are the 
most useful. The commonplace characters among men, are not 





the rulers or leaders among them, but then they are the workers^ 
and you know the workers are the great masses, and it is they 
who build the cities, make the railroads, operate the factories, 
and keep alive all branches of industry, and upon them and 
their labors, more than upon any others, the preservation of 
society depends. So you see that after all, the commonplaces 
among human beings could no more be done without than they 
who occupy lofty positions and are great and famous. 

This is no less true of all spheres of creation, than of man — 
its lord and masterpiece. Let us examine a little, and see if it 
is so. First we will go to the animal kingdom, for an instance 
or two, and to begin with we will refer to the lion, the king of 
the beasts. There is no more noble looking brute in creation 
than the male lion, with his monstrous head, flowing mane and 
large and powerful body. There is nothing commonplace 
about him 1 He is a bora king, you may tell that by his 
appearance. Place him by the side of the ox, and how com- 
monplace the latter seems. But which is the more useful? 
You can all answer that with the greatest ease. Then again 
take the beautifully marked and savage tiger. He is a picture 
of beauty, one of Nature's masterpieces in many respects, and 




certainly by no means a commonplace character. Place such an 
animal beside a sheep or an ass, and the insignificance of the 
latter is strikingly manifest, but when usefulness is taken info 
consideration, the tiger is the commonplace, not the sheep or 
the ass. 

Look at the world physically, or, if we say, geographi- 
cally, perhaps you will understand it better, and similar com- 
parisons may be drawn. We may mention in this connection 
the Falls of Niagara, the boiling springs and the thousand 
natural curiosities met with in various parts of this country; 
the volcanoes, and the mountains whose summits almost pierce 
the clouds, in Europe and other parts of the world. They 
attract travelers from all lands, and are called "grand," "sub- 
lime," and so forth. Nothing commonplace about ttum, they 
are among the striking and wonderful among Nature's works. 
But turn from them to the fertile district of country, flat and 
level though it be, which by man's industry is made to yield 
that, which sustains in comfort thousands of human beings, and 
almost countless numbers of the animal creation. You have 
all seen such places, or districts. They are commonplace, you 
know, but, when usefulness is counted, the striking and majes- 
tic mountain peak, the awful volcano and the terrific waterfall 
are not worth a thought, for all the skill and iugenuity of man 
would fail in making them add to the comfort of the earth's 
inhabitants. 

If we go to the vegetable kingdom we may learn the same 
lessons. You have all seen the gorgeous tulip, and the beauti- 
ful and aromatic rose. It seems as if Nature had put forth 
almost all her powers, in forming them, they are so lovely and 
beautiful. How commonplace, when compared with them, 
seem the homely looking potato, turnip, cabbage, carrot, or the 
onion, with its offensive smell; yet when real value is taken into 
account the commonplaces again take the palm. We might 
give more illustrations of this kind, but space will not permit, 
and enough has been said to show that nothing should be des- 
pised because it lacks certain elements of character which men 
call striking, great or grand. 

We will now return to the crane. For reasons we have 
already given you will agree with us that he is a kind of a 
commonplace 'member of the bird tribes; but he is tolerably 
useful after all, for he eats large numbers of mice, frogs, snails 
and other vermin, which, if it were not for him and other mem- 
bers of the commonwealth to which he belongs, would soon be 
very annoying to man, for they would destroy a good deal of 
the fruits of his labor. 

There are several varieties of crane, but they all have the 
same general appearance and character. They all have long 
legs like the water, and live on about the same kind of food. 
They are migratory' birds, that is, they live in different climates 
in different seasons of the year. In summer they will make 
their homes in the temperate climes of the north; but with the 
approach of winter they fly away to warmer regions. What is 
called the common crane is the most numerous in Europe. He 
is quite a large bird, being frequently five feet long. The pre- 
vailing color of the feathers of all cranes is ash, with some 
white and black on different parts. 

Besides the common crane of Europe, there is the brown 
crane of America; the Siberian crane, which lives on the bor- 
ders of the great 'lakes of Siberia; also the Numidian crane, 
which is found in Africa, Asia and on the south-eastern shores 
of the Mediterranean sea. The last named is smaller than the 
others; but the smallest of the crane family, is the Demoiselle 
(pronounced Dem-o-zel) or crowned crane, a very gentle bird, 
with a tuft of feathers on his head, which is called a crown. 
He is the most graceful as well as the smallest of the cranes. 
Most of them can be easily tamed, and the most graceful kinds 
are often kept in aviaries— collections of birds owned by the 

rich. 

Cranes are strong and powerful flyers, and will go long 




"^ 



22 



JTJYEITILB INSTBITCTOB. 



tt 



distances and at a great hight, on the wing. They generally 
fly at night, under the guidance of a leader, and in two diverg- 
ing lines — lines that get wider apart the longer they are. The 
female crane makes her nest of coarse material and lays two 
eg2s she and her mate takinsr turns in hatching them. 



[K"or the Juvenile Instructor, 



^4 



f 



the ze^irtih: 




IT is not known whether the interior of the earth is made of 
the same kind of materials as the surface or not, although it 
is supposed that its elements are the same as those of which 
the outer crust is composed. It is thought by scientists that 
"'this vast globe was at one time molten matter, and that the 
outer part has in the course of ages hardened." Professor 
Shaler says; "The earth consists ol an immense solid nucleus, 
a hardened outer crust, and an intermediate region at a com- 
paratively slight depth, in an imperfect state of igneous fusion." 
No one has, however, had an opportunity of examining the 
earth to any great depths; therefore we may await further 
investigation, and, as the earth has been in existence for many 
thousand years we need uot apprehend any danger of the 
"outer crust" breaking in. 

But all scientists agree that, in whatever way the earth was 
formed, the elements of which it consists are the same that 
they were in the more distant ages; ami that so far as chem- 
istry is concerned the elements or simple bodies known to 
chemists may be regarded, generally, as the constituents of the 
entire mass. 

A very large portion of the surface of the earth is covered 
with water; that fluid in the state of vapor is also abundant in 
the atmosphere, it i* a large put of animal aiid vegetable mat- 
ter, even the rocks are made in part, some of them a very large 
part, of this 'wonderful compound. 

We have seen that water is the product of the combustion of 
hydrogen in oxygen, oxygen mired (uot chemically combiued) 
with nitrogen; when hydrogen is burned it combines with the 
oxygen in the proportions of s parts by wight to one part of 
bydroj 

One hundred years ago little children could not have been 
told these things in any Juvenile Instructor of that period, if 
i!: ire were any such publications as this in those days, for even 
the most bar ied men of that time had only just discovered the 
a, b, c, of true chemistry, that is the science of quantity^ by 
which alone correct ideas of the chemistry of bodies can be 
known. Before that period it was taught that the earth was. 
entirely made up of four elements: earth, air, fire and water, 
which were mutually convertible into each other. That is 
heat changed water into air, repeated applications of heat 
ter into earth. Some of the most eminent chemists 
patiently tried to demonstrate that by the evaporation of 
water earthy matter can be produced, but, it is long since 
satisfactorily proved that any Bolid matter obtained in this way 
bad iii origin in the impurities of wab r or the decomposition of 
the gl.i - - vessels used for conducting the experiments in. 

II >\v gratifying it is to know that in our days the same 

uncertainty do - i i exist; we may commence our studies 

where otli ; md have the benefit of all the accumulated 

knowledge of all the great modem ch imista whose exp iriments 

'■lien conducted up m principles based on truth. 

Although by v. of to 1 of H, we see that it 

is generally written by chemists as II 2 < >. this means 2 of H 
(hydrogen i to 1 pf ( I (oxygen) by volume thai i- by bull.. 



When any quantity of water is separated into its elements there 
i- twice the bulk of hydrogen, as compared with oxygen. _ So 
that the specific gravity or weight, bulk for bulk, is as one is to 
16. The chemical formula of water is H H 0, which means 
that those elements designated by the symbols are combined in 
that proportion; but for convenience it is usual to place a 
figure of 2 with the H, thus H 2 before the 0; however, II 
may be frequently met with in chemical works, as the meaning 
of the symbols is generally understood. Hydrogen aud oxy- 
gen cmi combine in the proportion of 2 of oxygen to 1 of 
hydrogen, but it is then a different body altogether, (II 2, 0) 
water is an oxide of hydrogen H, 2 is a peroxide of hydro- 
gen, water is an inert liquid produced naturally, the peroxide 
of hydyogen is artificially produced and is an active decoloriz- 
ing or bleeching agent. If water is represented byHH 0, 
the peroxide would be represented by H 0, by which we 
we shall see the quantities are entirely different, when we see 
further into the nature of the elements themselves. BKTrr. 



IK T S T O IR, 3T OIF 1 

CHURC HI. 
[Continued.) 



t h: :e 



DURING the time when the Saints were suffering privation 
and exposure after their final expulsion from Nauvoo they 
were visited by Colonel (uow General) Thomas L. Kane, who 
was impressed with the condition of the Saints and the injustice 
of the acts of their enemies. A more true and striking picture 
in language could not be drawn than that given by him in a 
historical address some years afterwards, of the scenes he there 
witnessed. We quote a portion of it : 

"A few years ago, ascending the Upper Mississippi in the 
autumn, when its waters were' low, I was compelled to travel by 
laud past the region of the Rapids. My road lay through the 
Half-breed Tract, a fiue section of Iowa, which the unsettled 
state of its land-titles had appropriated as a sanctuary for 
coiners, horse-thieves, and other outlaws. I had left my 
steamer at Keokuk, at the foot of the Lower Fall, to hire a 
carriage, and to contend for some fragments of a dirty meal with 
the swarming flies, the only scavengers of the locality. 

"From this place to where the deep water of the river 
returns, my eye wearied to see everywhere sordid, vagabond 
and idle settlers; and a country marred, without being improved, 
by their careless hauds. I was descending the last hill-side 
upon ury journey, when a landscape in delightful contrast 
broke upon my view. Half encircled by a bend of the river, 
a beautiful city lay glittering in the fresh morning sun; its 
bright new dwellings, set in cool green gardens, ranging up 
around a stately dome-shaped hill, which was crowned by a 
noble marble edifice, whose high tapering spire was radiant with 
white and gold. The city appeared to cover several miles; and 
beyond it, in the background, there rolled off a fair country, 
chequered by the careful lines of fruitful husbandry. The 
unmistakeable marks of industry, enterprise, and educated 
wealth everywhere, made the scene one of singular and most 
striking beauty. It was a natural impulse to visit this inviting 
region. 1 procured a skiff, aud rowing across the river, landed 
at the chief wharf of the city. No one met me there. I look- 
ed, and saw no one. I could hear no one move; though the 
quiet everywhere was such that I heard the flies buzz, and the 
water-ripples break against the shallow of the beach. I walked 
through the solitary streets. The town lay as in a dream, 
under some deadening spell of loneliness, from which 1 almost 
feared to wake it; for plainly it had not slept long. There was 
no grass growing up in the paved ways; rains had not entirely 
washed away the prints of dusty footsteps. 

" Yet I went about unchecked. I went into empty work- 
shops, rope-walks and smithies. The spinner's wheel was idle, 





J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE IUSTBUOTOR; 



S3 




the carpenter had gone from his work-bench and shavings, his 
unfinished sash and casing. Fresh bark was in the tanner's 
vat, and the fresh-chopped lightwood stood piled against the 
baker's oven. The blacksmith's shop was cold, but his coal 
heap and ladling pool and crooked water horn were all there, as 
if he had just gone off for a holiday. No work-people any- 
where looked to know my errand. 

"If I went into the gardeus, cliuking the wicket-latch loudly 
after me, to pull the marigolds, heartsease, and lady-slippers, 
and draw a drink with the water-sodden well-bucket and its 
noisy chain; or, knocking off with my stick the tall, heavy- 
headed dahlias aud sunflowers, hunted over the beds for 
cucumbers and love-apples — no one called out to me from any 
opened window, or dog sprang forward to bark an alarm. 

" I could have supposed the people hidden in the houses, but 
the doors were unfastened; aud when, at last, I timidly entered 
them, I found dead ashes white upon the hearths, aud had to 
tread a-tiptoe, as if walking down the aisle of a country church, 
to avoid arousing irreverent echoes from the naked floors. On 
the outskirts of the town was the city graveyard; but there was 
no record of plague there, nor did it iu anywise differ much 
from other Protestaut American cemeteries. Some of the 
mounds were not long sodded; some of the stones were newly 
set, their dates recent, and their black inscriptions glossy in the 
mason's hardly dried lettering ink. Beyond the graveyard, out 
in the fields, I saw, in one spot hard by where the fruited 
boughs of a young orchard had been roughly torn down, the 
still smouldering embers of a barbecue fire, that had been con- 
structed of rails from the fencing around it. It was the latest 
sign of life there. Fields upoa fields of heavy-headed yellow 
grain lay rotting ungathered upon the ground. No one was at 
hand to take iu their rich harvest. 

''As far as the eye could reach, they stretched away — they, 
sleeping too, iu the hazy air of autumn. O.ily two portions of 
the city seemed to suggest the import of this mysterious soli- 
tude. Ou the easftu'n suburb the houses looking cut upon the 
oomtfry showed, by their splintered wool-work and walls bat- 
' tcred to the foundation, that they had lately been the mark of 
a destructive cannonade. And in and around the splendid 
Temple, which had beeu the chief object of my admiration, 
armed men were barracked, surrounded by their stacks of 
musketry, aud pieces of heavy ordnance. These challenged pae 
to reuder au account of myseif and why I had had th: temerity 
to cross the water without a written permit from a leader of 
their baud. 

''Though these men were generally, more or less, under the 
influenee of ardent spirits, after I had explained myself as a 
passing stranger, they seemed anxious t > gain my good opinion. 
They told the story of the Dead City; that it bad been a nota- 
ble manufacturing and commercial mart, sheltering over 20,000 
persons; that they had waged War with its inhabitants for 
sevc al years, aud had finally beeu successful only a few days 
before my visit, in au action fought in frout of the ruined 
suburb; after which, they had driven them forth at the point 
of the s.vord. The defense, they said, had been obstinate, but 
gave way on the third day's bombardment. They boasted 
greatly of their prowess, especially iu this battle, as they called 
it; but I discovered they were uot if one miud as to certain of 
the exploits that had distinguished it, one of which, as I re- 
member] was, that they had slain a father aud his son, a boy of 
fifteen, not long residents of the fated city, whom they admitted 
to have borne a character without repVoaeh. 

''They also conducted me inside the massive sculptured w ills 
of the curious Temple, iu which they said the bauished inhab- 
itants were accustomed to celebrate the mystic rit3S of an uu- 
hallowed worship. They particularly pointed out to me certain 
features of the building, which, having been the peculiar objects 
of a former superstitious regard, they had, as a matter of duty, 
sedulously defiled and defied. The reputed sites of certain 



shrines they had thus particularly noticed; and various shelter- 
ed chambers, in one of which was a deep well, constructed, 
they believed, with a dreadful design. Besides these they led 
me to see a large and deep-chiselled marble vase or basin, sup- 
ported upon twelve oxen, also of marble, and of the size of life 
of which they told some romantic stories. They said the 
deluded persons, most of whom were emigrants from a great 
distance, believed their Deity countenanced their reception here 
of a baptism of regeneration, as proxies for whomsoever they 
held iu warm affection in the countries from which they had 
come. That here parents 'went into the water' for their lost 
children, children for their parents, widows for their spouses, 
and youug persons for their lovers; that thus the Great Vase 
came to be for them associated with all dear and distant mem- 
ories, and was therefore the object, of all others in the build- 
iug, to which they attached the greatest degree of idolatrous 
affection. On this account, the victors had so diligently dese- 
crated it, as to render the apartment in which it was contained 
too noisome to abide iu. 

"They permitted me also to ascend iuto the steeple, to see 
where it had been lightning-struck on the Sabbath before; aud 
to look out, east aud south, on wasted farms like those I had 
seen near the city, extending till they were lost iu the distance. 
Here, in the face of pure day, close to the scar of the diviue 
wrath left by the thunderbolt, were fragments of food, cruses of 
liquor, aud broken drinking vessels, with a bass drum and a steam- 
buat signal bell, of which I afterwards learned the use with pain. 

" It was after nightfall, when I was ready to cross the river 
on my return. The wind had freshened since the sunset, aud 
the water beating roughly into my little boat, I headed higher 
up the stream than the point I had left iu the moruing, and 
landed where a faiut glimuieiiug light invited me to steer. 

"Here, among the dock and rushes, sheltered only by the 
darkness, without roof between them and the sky, I came upon 
a crowd of several hundred human creatures, whom uiy move- 
ments roused from uneasy slumber upon the ground. 

" Passing these ou my way to the light, I found it came from 
a tallow caudle, iu a paper funnel shade, such as is used bystreet 
vendors of apples aud peanuts, aud which, flaring and guttering 
away in the bleak air off the water, shoue flickeringly on the 
emaciated features of a man iu the last stage of a bilious, remit- 
tent fever. They had done their best for him. Over his head 
was something like a tent, made of a sheet or two, aud he rest- 
ed ou a but partially ripped open old straw mattress, with a 
hair sofa cushion under his head for a pillow. His gaping jaw 
aud gl.iziug eye told how short a time be would monopolize 
these luxuries; though a seemiugly bewildered aud excited 
person, who might have bejn bis wife, seemed to find hope iu 
occasionally forcing him to sw„llow, awkwardly-measured sips 
of the tepid river water, from a burned and battered bitter- 
smelling tiu coffee-pot. Those who kuew better had furnished 
the apothecary he ueeded, a toothless old bald-head, whose 
manner had the repulsive dullness of a man familiar with death 
scenes. He, so long as I remained, mumbled iu his patient's 
ear a monotonous and melancholy prayer, between the pauses 
of which I heard the hiccup and sobbing of two little girls, who 
Wire sitting upou a piece of drift wood outside. 

"Dreadful, indeed, was the suffering of these forsaken 
beings; bowed and cramped by cold and sunburn; alternating 
as each weary day aud night dragged on, they were, almost all 
of them, the crippled victims of disease. They were there 
because they hud no homes, nor hospital, nor poor-bouse, nor 
friends to offer them any. They could not satisfy the feeble 
cravings of their sick; they had not bread to quiet the fractious 
hunger-cries of their children. Mothers aud babes, daughters 
aud grand parents, all of them alike, were bivouacked in tat- 
ters, wanting even covering to comfort those whom the sick 
shiver of fever was searching to the marrow. 
(To be continued.) 



\~ 



% 




24: 



J XT -V B IN" X L E IHSTBTJOTOB. 




Q,TJESTI01TS ^^ISTID ^2sT- 
SWIEIEvLS OIT T"HE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
[Continued.) 



SC HOOLS. 




LESSO-V XI. 

Subject— Tub Desthlction or Sodom and (Jomokuah. 

(J.— Who came to Lot as he sat iu the gate of Sodom ? 

A. — Two angels. 

Q. — How did Lot receive the angels? 

A.— He invited theui to tarry all night, and made a feast for them. 

Q.— What did the angels do to the men that sought to molest them? 

A. — They smote them with blindness. 

Q.— Whom did the angels lead out of the city of Sodom ? 

A. — Lot, his wife aud two daughters. 

Q. — What did the angels say to them ? 

A. — To escape for their lives, and not to look behind them. 

q.— Who looked behind ? 

A. — The wife of Lot. 

Q. — What did she Income? 

A. — A pillar of 6alt. 

l>. — What was the name of the city to which Lot escaped ? 

A. — Zoar. 

(>. — How did the Lord destroy Sodom aud Gomorrah ? 

A. — He rained brimstone and tire out of heaven. 

Q.— What was destroyed besides those cities ? 

A. — All the inhabitants of the plain, and that which grew upon the 
Round. 

Q. — Who saw this destruction ? 

A. — Abraham. 

Q. — What time of the day was it S 

A. — Early in the morning. 

ij. — Did the Lord remember Abraham al this time? 

A. — Yes, he saved Lot. 

Q, — How old was Abraham when Isaac was born ? 

A. — One hundred years. 

Q. — Did God forsake Isluuael ? 

A. — No; He promised to make him a g'eat nation. 
lesson XII. 
Subject— Tbb Death and Hi uial ok Sabah. 

Q. — What age was Sarah when she died ? 

A. — One hundred and twenty-seve.i years. 

Q.— Where did Sarah die? 

A.— At Hebrou In the land of Canaan. 

<.*. — Who came to mourn and weep for her? 

A.— Abraham. 

{.<. — Whom did Abraham ask for a burying place? 

A.— The eoii9 of Ikth. 

(> — What did Abraham say he was? 

A.— A stranger and sojourner anions them. 

t;. — What reply did the bom of 1 1't I) make to Abraham 5 

A — That he was a might; prince, and he might take his choice of 
tlnir Bcpulchres. 

Q.— Did this satisfy Abraham? 

A. — N'j; be wanted to purchase a place for himself. 

IJ. — What was the name of the place that Abraham wanted ? 

A.— The cave of Macbpelah. 

Q, — To whom did it belong '; 

A.— Kphron the Hlttite. 

ij. — Was Ephron willing to lcl Vurabainbavc.il? 

A.— Yea, with or without money, as It should please Abraham. 

y. — Did Abraham pay for it? 

A. — Yes; four hundred shekels of silver. 

l<. — How was tli. money paid, was it counted or welglli .1 

A. — Abraham weighed the silver to Ephron. 

1.1. — What besides the cave did Abraham obtain ? 

A. — The held of Kphron, aud the trees that were in all tin- borders 
round alout. 

i;. Iu whose presence was the possession "f this property given ? 

A. — Before tli' children of lleth and all that wenl in at the u iti "t 
his city. 

ij.— What did Abraham do after tlii- ! 

A.— He burled Borah, bis wife, in the cave ol Macbpelah. 
{'Jo be c mlinucd.) 



%ilu%tb ihdry. 



nsriKiAriEiR, gite ttzp. 



Never give up ! it is wiser and better 

Always to hope than once to despair; 
Throw off the load of doubt's cankering fetter, 

And break the dark spell of tyrannical care. 
Never give up ! or the burthen may sink you, 

Providence kindly has mingled the cup, 
And in all trials or troubles bethink you, 

The watchword of life should be— Never give up. 

Never give up ! there arc chances and changes 

Helping the hopeful a hundred to one, 
And mid the chaos, high wisdom arranges 

Ever success— if you'll only hope on. 
Never give up! for the wisest is boldest, 

Knowing that Providence mingles the cup, 
And of all maxims the best as the oldest 

Is the true watehward of— Never give up. 

Never give up ! though the grape shot may rattle, 
And the full thunder cloud over you burst, 

Stand like a rock and the storm or the battle 
Little can harm you, though doing their worst. 

Never give up! if adversity presses 
Providence wisely has mingled the cup, 

And the best counsel In all your distresses 
Is the stout watchword of— Never give up. 



TO STJJSTID.A.Y SCHOOLS. 



Salt Lake Citi, Jan. 30th, 1S73. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Sir — Will you please insert Hie following: 

At a meeting of Superintendents and Teachers of Sunday schools, 
held in the City Hall during October, 1872, it was decided by unan- 
imous vote of those present that a geucral fund be established to meet 
the expenses that might arise in forwarding the Sunday school 
interests throughout the Territory, and that each Sunday school 
contribute one dollar yearly for this purpose. We are still indebted 
for reports and circulars furnished Sunday schools, and would be 
pleased to receive at their earliest convenience this small contribution 
from those who have not yet responded. 

Address William McLac£ilan, 

Treasurer 

Salt Lake City. Sunday School Union. 



Sunday School Reports Wanted.— The Secretary of the 
Sunday School Union, desires us to give a geutlo; reminder to 
the Superintendents of some of the Sunday schools in reference 
to their reports. They are wanted as soon as possible, for the 
quarter ending on the loth of December last. They have not 
yet been received from the following eouuties : Rich, Cache, 
Summit, Tooele, Juab, Millard, Beaver, Iron, Kane ami Sevier, 
nor from Sugar House Ward, West Jordan Ward, Jordan 
Mills, South Cottonwood, and from the od, 5th, Oth and 10th 
Wards of this city. 

vJXJ-VElSrilLiE USTSTI^TJ-OTOi^ 

Is pub'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

GEORGE Q CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN A DVANC E 

Hinijle Cujiy, per Annum &. no. 

•*- Grain brought to this City Tor the Jiivbnilk INSTKUOTOK will ba 
received at the office of our paper— Desk-ret News Buildings, 




