



THE DEAD SEA. 



THE engraving in our last number gave us a distant view of 
the Dead Sea and surrounding country; to-day we will 
take a nearer view of its barren shore and bitter waters, and 
dwell (or a short time on its stcange history and peculiarities. 
Any one who, now-a-days, would ventui'e to travel by him- 
self from Jerusalem to Jericho, would be almost sure to meet 
with the mishap of the man, whom the Savior speaks of in 
his parable of the yood Samaritan — he would fall among 
thieves. To avoid so unpleasant an nf^rurrAnr'n nio-it- trnr").'!-- 



We start from the city about six o'clock in the morning to 
avoid traveling in the heat of the afternoon. Our road lies 
across the ravine to the mount of Olives, along its southern 
slope, past Bethany (the village wherein Lazarus lived, died 
and was resurrected) and along the road that once led to 
Jericho — we say once, for to day there is no trace remaining of 
that mighty city. Our road is a very rough one, along the 
rocky beds of the mountain torren<s, while rugged precipices 
l■w.^ nil nmiinl us. Here and there we pass a small patch of 




cm this road hire a IJudouin «htik or cliiut to nee iliciu »aicl> 
through. Ho with one or two of his wild Arab followers escorts 
the party to their journey's cjjd. It being he, or some of liis 
tribe, who would, most pivtlKilily, be tiio very onus to pillage 
ttie travelers did they no* thus buy their i)rot<'ction. Oiu' jour- 
Boy lies, jiart of lh« way, (Ui this same road, and wishing to 
reach the i-hrires of thi; wa in safely we will ini.igiiK^ we have 
eocured the servw-x^s of these wild but picturesque body guards 
to take care of u« in our travels. 



hall culiivated ground, down in some deep valley or perched 
on some hill .slope; but in general, on every side, the country 
bus a dreary, desolate, barren look. Now and then we notice 
a half-dead looking tree, the only things that relievo our eyes 
IVitm the glare ol' the white! clayey soil over which we are 
rilling. About eight o'clock we leave the .Jeiiclio road, and 
contimie rapidly descending until we reach the open waste that 
borilers on Ibe sea; and after a ride of i'roin si.x to seven hours, 
from Jeru.salem, we reach its desert shores. Here wc can rest 



"t-a 






"^t}? 



i>_5X 



90 



G-TJ VEISriLEl IISrSTI^TJCTOI?., 



and cbat about some of the strange things connected with this 
sea. 

None of our little readers wlio have visited the Great Salt 
Lake need a very long description of the Dead Sea; they are 
so much alike. The same dreary, naked, desolate appearance 
surrounds both. There are those same long stretches of glar- 
ing white salt or saleratus beds, that blueish slime or mud, so 
full of salt, and those same heaps of drift wood, encrusted 
in a sparkling coat of salt on the borders of both of them. 
In color and density also the waters much resemble each other. 
One of the most remarkable things about the Dead Sea is its 
depression below the level of the sea. Though so short a 
distance from Jerusalem it is more than three thousand five 
Imndred feet below it, or a little more than thirteen hundred 
and twelve feet below the level of the Mediterranean. What 
is more strange, the Ked Sea to the south of it, and the lake 
of Tiberius to the north, between which it lies, are neither of 
them fiir from the ordinary level of the ocean. None of the 
learned have been able to explain this strange circumstance, 
but ascribe it to some great convulsion of nature in the early 
days of the world's history, of which they have no record. 
You can well inrignie how sultry, stagnant and oppre.'^sive 
must be the atmnsjihere of such a deeii trough in as warm and 
dry a climate as that of Palestine! 

The length of this sea from north to south, has been stated 
by tho.'se who have explored it as being from thirty-five to forty- 
eight miles. Its extreme breadth from east to west is from 
seven to eleven miles. If yoti will look at a map of Palestine, 
you will notice towards the southern end of this sheet of water 
a promontory jutting out from its eastern shore, nearly dividing 
it into two unequal parts. This is called by the Arabs "the 
Tongue." To the south of this tongue the water never exceeds 
thirteen feet in depth; but to the north of it, it is as many 
hundreds. Explorers not being very sure they touched the 
bottom at thirteen hundred feet. This is another of the curios- 
ities of this strange sea. 

This slieet of water has been known by a great variety of 
• names. In Holy writ it is called "the East Sea, "the Salt 
Sea," "the Sea of the Plain." By the ancients it was known 
as Lake Asphaltites. The pilgrims named it "the Sea of 
Death" and "the River of Devils." To the Arabs it is "the 
Sea of Lot," and is now generally known as "the Dead Sea." 

Tliis last name, we presuir.e, was given it from the idea that 
nothing lived in its waters or dwelt on its shores. Modern 
travelers have proved this idea to be incorrect, as they have 
seen ducks swim on its surface, and swallows, snipe, jtar- 
tridges and other birds fly over it, while hares and gazelles 
live on its banks. Indeed it is said that a species of coral 
insect lives and works in its salt waters. By the way, we must 
III it forget to tell you how very salt tliese waters are. In the 
waters of the ocean, about one jiart in every twenty-five is salt. 
In thi' Dead Sea a little over a ([uarter of the whole is mineral 
.«slt, or, to bo exact, twenty-six and a half jier cent. These 
mineral salts give the water a nau.^eous, acrid, jiungent taste, 
which stings the tongue and palate; while those who bathe in 
it fci'l. when they come out, as if they had been bathing in oil 
mixed with some .slimy or glutinous fluid, leaving a nasty, 
clammy, prea.'^y feeling which imly a fresh water bath will 
remove. Besides .-^alt, nitre, sulphur, pumice stone and asjihal- 
tum are found in its vicinity. 

The first jiersfin, a-i far as we know, who luunrhi'd a boat 
upon tills sea met with a miserable end. lie was an ]ri>h 
traveler, named Costigan, visiting the Holy land in IS.";.). 
Tlirout'h some mismanagement his fresh water gave out when 
he was far to the south. The heat was intense, he and his 
Maltese servant had to row hard in the burning suii.shinc for 
two o: three days to reach the northern end of the lake; but 



before they reached the shore, Costigan had received his death 
stroke. Since then several officers of the L^nited States and 
British naval services have explored these waters, the result of 
their researches being pretty much the same. Our view repre- 
sents the northern part of the sea, near to where the Jordan 
pours its waters into it. 

Towards the south west corner of the lake is a pillar of salt 
about 40 feet high. This is said to be the one into which Lot's 
wife was changed when she looked back longingly on the sinful 
city she had just escaped from. For near here is the traditional 
site, of "the cities of the plain" — Sodom and her sister cities — 
that God destroyed in the days of Abraham with fire from 
lieaven, as their wickedness had reached to such a pitch that 
His mercy had no further claim upon them. Not only were 
they destroyed, but the country around them was cursed because 
of their evil deeds. And a traveler now viewing the naked, 
salt encrusted shores, and the leaden looking waters they enclose, 
can scarcely imagine t:.e time when, as in the days of Lot, the 
valley rivaled in its beauty and fertility "the garden of the 
Lord;" or was "hke the land of Egypt" in its productiveness. 
Yet, no doubt, it was so, and their present desert state should 
be a lesson to all men and nations to cease from sinning, lest 
they provoke the anger of the Lord and a worse thing come 
upon them than lell ujion Sodom and Gomorrah. G. B. 



O Xj I -^vT IE I?. 



1599; DII.D 1658. 



B Y N X T II A y I P: I- HAWTHORN. 



Ml'.ANAVIIILE King James and his nobles were feasting 
with Sir Oliver in the great hall. The king sat in the 
gilded chair under a canojiy, at the head of a long table. 
Whenever any of the comjiany addressed him, it was with the 
deepest reverence. If the attendants offered him wine, or any 
of the various delicacies of the festival, it was upon their 
bended knees. You would have thought, by these tokens of 
worship, that the monarch was a supernatural being; only he 
seemed to have quite as much need of those vulgar matters, 
food and drink, as any other person at the table. But fate 
had ordained that good King James should not finish his din- 
ner in peace. 

All of a sudden, there aro.«e a terrible uproar in the room 
where the children were at filay. Angry shouts and shrill cries 
of alarm were mixed up together; while the voices of elder 
jiersons were heard trying to restore order among the childien. 
The king and everybody else at tlie table looked aghast; for 
perhaps the tiuuult made them think that a general rebellion 
had broken out, 

"Mercy on us!" muttered Sir Oliver, "that gracele.'^s neiiliew 
of mine is in some mischief or other; the naughty little whelp!" 

Getting up from the table, he ran to see what was the niat- 
ter; followed by many of the guests and tjie king among them. 

On looking in, they beheld the little prince Charles, with his 
rich dress all torn, and covered with the dust of the floor. 
His royal blood was streaming from his nose in great almn- 
dancc. He gazed at Noll with a mixture of rage and affrighc, 
and at the same time a troubled expression, as if he could not 
\iiiderstand how any n.ortal boy should give him a beating 

As fin- Xoli, there stood his ugly little figure, bold as a lion, 
looking as if lie were ready to fight not only the little prince, 
l)Ut the king and the kingdom too. 

"You little villain!" cried his uncle, "what have you been 
about.' ' Down on your knees this minute, and ask the 



<"^' 



!?3^^' 



JC9 



mwrn^fwrn umji n. i i w u- w im i i- I B_ ii ■ i. . 



Carj^ 




i;~«r.»>^»TK*u-<g:»eiaa! 



^f'ix 



0" TJ 'V' E n:<r I L E insrsTEyTJOTOi^/. 



'4 _ 

91 ■ ' r^.^ 



king's 



prince's jjaidon. How dare you lay hands on the 
majesty's royal son?" 

"He struck me first," grumbled the valiant little Noll; "and 
I've only given him his due." 

Sir Oliver and the guests lifted up their hands in astonish- 
ment and horror. No puni.>^hment seemed severe enough for 
this wicked little varlet, who had dared to resent a blow from 
the king's only son. Some of the courtiers were of opinion 
that Noll should be sent prisoner to the Tower of London, and 
brought to trial for high treason. Others in their zeal for the 
king's service, were about to lay hands on the boy a4id chas- 
tise him in the royal presence. 

But King James, who sometimes showed a great deal of 
sagacity, ordered them to desist. 

"Thou art a noble boy," said he, looking fixedly at little 
Noll; "and if ye live to be a man, my son Charlie would do 
well to be friends with thee." 

"I never will!" cried the little prince, stamping his foot. 
"Peace! Charlie, peace!" said the king. Then, addressing Sir 
Oliver and the attendants: "Harm not the urchin, for he has 
taught my son a good lesson, if Heaven does but give him 
grace to profit by it. Hereafter, should he be tempted to tyr- 
annize over the stubborn race of Englishmen, let him remem- 
ber little Noll Cromwell and his own bloody nose." 

So the king finished his dinner and departed, and for many 
a long year the childish quarrel between Prince Charles and 
Noll Cromwell was forgotten. The prince, indeed, might have 
lived a happier life, and met a more peaceful death, had he 
remembered that quarrel, and the moral which his father drew 
from it. But, when old King James was dead, and Charles 
sat upon the throne, he seemed to forget that he was but a 
man, and that his meanest subjects were men as well as he. 
He wished to have the property and lives of the people of 
England entirely at his own disposal. But the Puritans, and 
all who loved liberty, rose against him and beat him in many 
battles, and pulled him down from the throne. 

When the dethroned monarch was brought to trial, that war- 
like leader sat in the judgment hall. Many judges were present 
beside himself; but he alone had the jwwer to save King 
Charles, or to doom him to the scaifold. After sentence was 
pronounced, the victorious general was entreated by his own 
children, on their knees, to rescue his majesty from death. 

"No!" said he, sternly, "better that one man should perish, 
than the whole country should be ruined for his sake. It is 
resolved that he shall die. When Cliarles, no longer a king, 
was led to the .scafflild, his great enemy stood at a window of 
the royal palace at Whitehall. He beheld the poor victim of 
pride, and an evil education, and niisu.sed power, as ho laid his 
head upon the block. He looked on with steadfast gaze, while 
a black-veiled executioner lifted the fatal ax and smote off the 
anointed head at a single blow. 

"It is a righteous deed," perhaps he said to himself. "Now 
Englishmen may enjoy their rights." 

At night, when the body of Chailcs was laid in the coffin, in 
a gloomy chamber, the general entered, lighting himself with 
a torch. Its gleam showed that he was now growing old; his 
visage was .scarred with many battles in which he led the van; 
hia brow was wrinkled with care, and with the continual exer- 
cise of stern authority. I'robably there was not a single trait, 
either of aspect or manner, that belonged to the little Noll, 
who had battled so stoutly with Prince Charles. Yet this 
was he. 

He lIHcd the cofTm-lid and caused the light of his torch to 
fall ujjon the dead monarch's face. Tiicn probably his mind 
Went back over all ihe marvelous events that had brought the 
hereditary king of England to this dishonored eolfin, and raised 
himself, an humble individual, to the possession of kingly , 



power. He was a king, though without the empty title or 
glittering crown. 

"Why was it," said Cromwell to himself— or might have 
said— as be gazed at the pale features in the coifin, "why was 
it the great king tell, and that poor Noll Cromwell has gained 
all the power of the realm?" 

And, indeed, why was it? 

King Charles had fallen, because, in his manhood, the same 
as when a child, he disdained to feel that every human creature 
was his brother. He deemed himself a superior being, and 
fancied that his subjects were created only for a king to rule 
over. And Cromwell rose, because, in spite of his many faults, 
he mainly fought for the rights and freedom of his fellow-men; 
and, therefore, the poor and the oppressed all lent their 
strength to him. 



ON 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
THE HISTORY OP THE INDIANS. 



71. What did they try to do to Xephi? 
Kill him. 

72. Wliat did the Lord tell Nephi to do? 

Take his family and go iuto a distant part of the country. 

73. Did he do so? 
Yes. 

74. Who went with him, besides his wife and children? 
Zorani and his fanuly, Sam, Nephi's elder brother, and his 

family, .Jacob and Joseph, his younger brethren, his sisters, 
and all who would go with him. 

75. What were the descendants of Xephi, and those who 
went with him, called? 

Nepliites. 

7G. What were the descendants of those who stayed with 
Lanian and Lemuel called? 
Lamanites. 

77. Were the Lamanites wicked? 
Yes. 

78. Did they make war on the Xephites? 
Yes. 

79. For about how many years? 
One thousand. 

80. Did the Nei>hites finally become veiy wicked? 
Yes. 

81. Did the Lamanites finally succeed in killing nearly all of ^ 
them. 

Yes. 

82. How long after the resurrection of Jesus Christ did this 
awful war take place? 

About 400 years. 

^Vhom have the present American Indians descended from? 

The Lamanites. 



A GOOD MOTHER. -A little girl five years old was one 
evening very rude and noisy, when visiting with her mother at 
a neighbor's house. The mother .said, "Sarah, yon nuist not 
do so." The child .soon forgot, and went on with her bad be- 
havior. The mother said, "Sarah, if you do .so again, I will 
punish you;" but not long after, Sarah did so again. When 
the time for going home arrived, the child began to think of 
the iiuni.shment that awaited her, with great sorrow. A woman 
beside her said, to quiet her, "Never mind, I will ask your 
mother not to punish you." "Oh," said Sarah, "that will do 
no good; 7)it/ mollicr never tells lies." 



Lk'I' the y(nith wlio stands with a glass of liquor in his hand 
consider which he had better throw away — the li<iuor or 
himself. 



!3 



^ 





ff^ev^i 



9S 



0" TJ ^ E 2sr I X-i E! in^STI^TJOTOI?.. 



9^'.' 





GEOKGE 



JUNE 15, 1 .s OS . 




VERY important truth 'n-as taught hj' 
-- Jesus unto his disciples when he said, 
"'Are not two sparrows sold for a far- 
thing? and one of them shall not fall to 
the ground without your Father. But 
the very hairs of your head are all num- 
bered. Fear ye not therefore, ye are of 
S^ more value than many sparrows." 

He wished his disciples to understand 
that the Lord watched over them and that 
jy were the creatures of His care It was 
ecossary that they should know tliis. Unless 
knew that God was watching over them, 
might get frightened wheu their enemies 
eatened them. Jesus was aware of what 
would have to meet. They would have enemies 
ry hand. Those enemies would si ek their 
id they would, finallj-, kill all of them but 
John. How necessary, then, it was that they should 
be taught beforehand that the very hairs of their 
heads were numbered, and that they were of more value than 
many sparrows. God watches over the birds, the animals, and 
eveiy thing there is on the earth and in the water. Birds 
have no barns or granaries, yet God feeds and takes care of 
them. So he does of man. 

Man is the child of God, and is of far greater worth in His 
sight than the birds and the animals. He has placed him to 
be at their head and to rule over them. Jlan can kill birds, 
animals and fish, when he needs their meat, and he can eat 
them, and the Lord does not condemn hiui for so doing. They 
are placed on the earth for man's use and benefit. This proves 
that God places a higher value upon man than he does upon 
birds, beasts and fishes. If a sparrow can not fall to the 
ground without being noticed by our Father who is in Heaven, 
it is veiy plain that He knows everything that happens to chil- 
dren. They should have no fear in times of trouble and 
difficulty; but should trust in God, who has numbered the veiy 
hairs of their heads. He sees them; He knows their wants. 
If they do not have such things as suit them, He is aware of 
if; and i*' tlicy are things that would be good for them, and 
thoy ank Him, they will receive them. If they are sick, or in 
trouble, the Lord knows all about it, and when they cry unto 
Him He hears them, and will answer them. 

This knowledge should make children very hajip.v. No 
person in this Church .should ever be unhappy, unless he or 
she has committed sin. Where there has been sin committed, 
then there should be sorrow and repentance. It is not God's 
desire to see people miserable. Why should they be soiTowful, 
unhappy, or miserable? If He will not suffer a hair of their 
heads to fall without it being missed, and they do right, what 
have they to fear? He will not suffer anything to happen to 
them but what will be for their good. 

Children, be happy. Do not think that God does not notice 
or care for you. He does. He loves you with great and undy- 
ing love; for you are his children. Put your trust in Him 
always, and he will deliver you. There is a great difference in 
the disposition of children. Some are always cheerful, while 



others are sad and gloom.v. Children can change their dispo- 
sitions if they try. They can encourage bad temper until they 
become very cross and disagreeable, and be able to fly into a 
passion in a minute, or they can encourage a sweet temper and 
a peaceful disposition. They can be gloomy and low-spirited, 
or they can be cheerful and joyous. Remeuiber, children, that 
happiness lies within your reach, and that it depends upon 
yourselves whether you enjoy it or not. 



A 



BAD habit, which boys and girls, but especially the 
former, often acquire, is that of using improper, and 
inelegant language. The use of slang phrases and nicknames 
is very common among boys at play. It is with reference to 
the habit of talking slang more particularly that we wish to 
say a few words to the readers of the Juvenile Instructor. 
Not that we believe luany of tli^m are guilty of the habit; for 
we are satisfied that they who make a stw/y of the principles 
inculcated within its pages have too much good sense to give 
way to such vulgarity. Still there may be some who have 
fallen into this habit, and in hopes of inducing them, to forsake 
it we call their attention to the subject at the present time. 

In some old settled countries, boys who spend most of their 
time in the streets have so far systematized the habit of talk- 
ing slang that they can converse upon any subject they wish to 
and be as completely unintelligible to the uninitiated as if they 
were talking in a foreign tongue. There is little fear that those 
for whose benefit we write will ever carry it to such an extent 
as this; but yet a great many of the bovs in Utah are in the 
habit of using slang phrases. How often, when passing along 
the streets, do we hear the boys mixing in their general con- 
versation such phrases as "you bet," "you git," "you bet your 
bottom dollar," "bidly," "bully boy," "old hoss," old stick i' 
the mud," and numberless other meaningless and vulgar 
expressions, some of them being too vile to appear on the 
pages of the Juvenile Instructor. There are others, who 
are in the habit of frequently using nicknames, such as "Cap- 
tain," "Colonel," ''Bishop," and other titles misapplied quite 
as ridiculously. This slangy low stjle of conversation should 
be guarded against. If it is not watched it will steal on a boy 
so gradually and imperceptibly, and will become a habit so 
strong, that he will be almost unconscious of the use or impro- 
priety of such expressions. This habit, when thoroughly 
acquired in childhood, will be found very diflicult to overcome, 
and will often prove a source of shame and mortification to 
those guilty of it, as it is one of the strongest proofs of vulgar- 
ity and of the lack of proper mental discipline and training. 
It is positively inadmissable in decent society, and will prove a 
perpetual bar to the social advancement of him who makes a 
practice of it. A slang phrase never adds strength to an 
expres.sion; but is always inelegnnt and improper. We wish 
the readers of the Juvenile Instructor to zealously guard 
against this habit; for however great their attainments in an 
educational point of view, they will prove of but little avail in 
promoting their interests in life so long as this habit is indulged 
in. No true g^'utleman or lady ever uses nicknames, slang 
phra.ses or language in the least tinged with profanity. Upon 
those who have fallen into any of these discreditable habits, 
we urge the necessity of continual watchfulness until it is 
thoroughly overcome; and if this little article should lead any 
to reformation and victory in this particular they will, in days 
to come, feel very glad that they ever obtained possession of 
this number of the Juvenile Instructor. 



LDER Geo. Farn worth writes us from Mount Pleasant 

under date of May 18th. He informs us that the day 

previous the Sunday School at that place held their anniversary. 

There were three hundred children present, who went through 



E 



»v» ' 




^> 



J- TJ "V E ITIL E] HS^STI^TJOTOI?. 



their examination very creditabl}', reciting numerous pieces as 
well as answering a great number of qii^stinns from Elder 
Jaques' catechism for children. Elder Hans P. Miller is the 
superintendent of the school, and is assisted by twenty teachers, 
who take a great interest in their labors. Having the welfare 
of their little charges at heart, the teaching of them is a labor 
of love, and results in the rapid progress of the little ones in 
their studies. 



for the Juvenile Instructor. 

:r, IE .A. ID I nsr a- . 



READING is among the many pleasures* that are enjoyed 
in this world. This pleasure might be enjoyed by every 
one. As soon as children have a taste for this exercise, many an 
hour can be employed profitably. A great field of variety is 
before them. History, geography, grammar, botany, mechan- 
ics, logic, law, and an almost endless variety of amusement and 
profit, is at their disposal, 

By reading the Bible we are made acquainted with the early 
settlers of the eartTi, and with the deluge. It is a good thing 
for every child to read the Bible. The Book of Mormon is an 
interesting record — the oldest history of America that is known. 
It contains a brief account of the people of Jared, who came 
from the Tower of Babel; of the Nephites and Lamanites, and 
others who emigrated from Palestine to this country. The 
Book of Covenants also contains many items of interest to 
Latter-day Saints. 

Besides these sacred records, there are histories of Assyria, 
Babylonia, Persia, Greece, Rome, Egypt, Carthage, France, 
Germany, Great Britain and nearly every other nation ancient 
and modern, that may be perused with advantage and profit. 
Biographies, or histories of persons, are very interesting. For 
instance: the history of Benjamin Franklin, or George Steph- 
enson, or Harrison the inventor of chronometers, or Napoleon, 
who was first a soldier, then consul, then emperor, and lastly 
an exile. The career of Mahomet is full of interest, whether 
as a founder of religion or as a conquerer. His life was 
chequered, but he founded a faith that millions of people 
believe in at the present day. 

Mormonism furnishes a brilliant piece of history, starting from 
a unit, without funds or popularity, and with ideas different 
from most civilized nations, it teaches us domestic government, 
and enters into improved methods for gaining health and 
long life, and lays the foundation for increasing good to all 
mankind. 

There are some kinds of reading that do no good— paltry 
novels, and indecent books with obscene pictures. But every- 
thing that improves the mind, that leaches us morality and 
usefulness is good. It is good to read books on agriculture, 
building and arithmetic; also newspapers containing the current 
news of the day. If this source of enjoyment is desired it is 
within the reach of all in almost all countries. 

By the children of Latter-day Saints, the history of Joseph 
Smith should be read with care, and the information imparted 
should be treasured up. It contains items of golden worth 
that should be as household words to all our juveniles. Never 
will our youth have a better time of gaining knowledge from 
books than in the morning <ii' life, when the mind is fresh and 
clear, and free from many of the responsibilities that will come 
upon them in after life. " ■■*'• 

The perfumes of a thousand roses die but the pain caused by 
one of their thorns remains long after. A saddened remem- 
brance in the midst of mirth is like that thorn among the roses. 



dntlt Srs^prfi'^ Whif^. 



For the Juvenile Tnstructor, 

■^ z s I T x:x:i'v. 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

GOING to his employment he thought it would be more 
honest to inform his employers of his contemiilafed jour- 
ney, so that they might obtain another man to fill his place. 
The realities of his jtosition now forced themselves upon him, 
and, in spite of himself, he could not but feel that he was 
taking a very iiujiortant step. He had as good a situation as 
he could wish for. By industry and economy he had amassed 
si'fiicient to emigrate himself and family nearly seven thousand 
niile.s. He had no wish to leave his native land and go into 
the wilderness of America, except to obey the commands of 
i-iod. Might he not be deceived? Was he justified in taking 
his family from comparative ca.se, to place them where they 
would have to endure the toils and dangers of a new countrj? 
The perils of the journey, and dangers by sea and land, flitted 
.across his fruitful imagination, in a manner he had never before 
experienced. He examined himself and the evidences he had 
of the truth of the religion he had embraced. He breathed a 
silent prayer to the Father of his spirit for wisdom and guid- 
ance. His faith and baptism, the peace and joy that prevailed 
in his soul; his confirmation and the light, wisdom and intelli- 
gence upon heavenly principles and the plan of salvation, that 
had been revealed to him through the agency of the Holy 
Spirit; the gift of healing; the influence of the Holy Spirit in 
preaching the piinciples of truth, and the many direct answers 
to prayer, all flashed through his mind, and the comforting 
influence of the Spirit of truth sustained him. Who knew the 
secret struggle that was within his breast? Our Father in 
Heavens who knows our secret thoughts, our hopes and fears, 
the warfare by which we are tested. These struggles are the 
secret experience of communion with the Spirit of God. Little 
maidens, in the noble life that lies before you, you will experi- 
ence that your happiest hours will be when in communion vith 
the Holy Spirit. 

Papa reached his employer's calm and determin:d. He met 
one of the principals of the firm, and told him he intended to 
emigrate to Aiuerica. His employer endeavored to dissuade 
him from his purpose, and told him he was very well satisfied 
with him, and that no such good workman need ever go abroad 
to better his condition. His reply was, that it was not to 
better his condition, but to fulfill the commandments of God. 
His employer exjiressed surprise that he, who seemed in every 
other way a sensible man, should be so deceived, and so simple 
as to become the dupe of religious fanatics. He thouglit 
there was too much education and enlightenment in this age to 
believe that God would sjieak through prophets or in any way 
command men through them. He said he had lived many 
years upon the earth, and had had some experience in these 
matters, and referred to many sects tliat had sprung up with 
very great pretentions, hut had dwindled into foolish monu- 
ments of the credulity of maidund on religious matters. 

Papa (juietly bore his testimony to the truth of the restoration 
of the gosjicl (jf Jesus Christ, and expressed his determination 
to gather with the Israel of (Jod. His employer listened to 
him very patiently, and regarded him with a curious expression 
of countenance, for it was a singular thing to him, that a man 









i^" 



'"-^—""'■'^ 



Q4= 



J-TJ-^EnNTILE i:^STI?.TJOTOie. 




in his calm senses should throw up a first class situation and 
take his familj' into the mountains of Utah, belieying that God 
had commanded him to do so. He told him he hoped he 
would think beUcr of it, and said he knew the human mind 
was very capable of being deceived, especially upon religions 
affairs; and ho warned him not only for his sake, but for the 
sake of his wife and children, to consider well what he was 
doing, and not take a step that he might regret all the rest of 
his life. 

Papa went to his work, determined in his own mind, but 
feeling the influence of the conversation with his emploj-er. 
He knew that his employer looked upon him as a poor, weak, 
foolish-minded man, for men of the world regard men who 
belong to any dissenting body as rather weak-minded men. 
And although he knew that he had found "the pearl of great 
price," he was powerless to do anything but bear his testimony 
in justification of the course he was taking. The people of 
the world often judge by appearances. They think, because 
they see a number of people leaving their native land, testify- 
ing that God has oom'manded them, that they are religious dupes; 
for since the days of Jesus Christ there have been many 
pretended prophets, who have led astray foolish people. Con- 
sequently, now, when Jesus Christ has ushered in the dispen- 
sation of the fulness of times, and his disciples receive the 
evidences of its truth, the cry of "false prophets" is raised, 
and those who bow in obedience to the commandments of God 
are looked upon with contempt. 

Papa felt this, for he was a sensible man, and understood 
human nature and its prejudices; but he had a duty to perform; 
he had evidences that others had not; and he was bound to 
live to the higher law and fulfill the mission that the providences 
of God had opened up be'ore him. 

( To he Continued. ) 



^io|jraxiT]ij» 









THIB 



v\ '{^^^^^Q"?'!^^ ^ '^^'^ ''^ys of Joseph to appear like a 
^=:^r^^^:B^ '*•• prophet according to the popular idea, a 
man should wear a long bcai-d, long hair, 
and dress in an outlandish style. If he did 
not wash himself and clean and pare his 
nails, it woidd be all the better. He 
should not smile and be merry. When he 
spoke, his voice should be deep and solemn; 
when ho walked, his tread .should be slow 
nieasured. If lie lived in a cave, it would 
suit many people better than if he lived in a 
hou.se, He should be different to other men in 
every respect. Of course, those wlio had these 
ideas of what a proijhct should be, w'ere much 
disappointed in Jose])h, for if a prophet should 
talk, dre.ss and act in this manner, lie was very 
unlike one. He wore no beard, did not have long 
^V^ hair, was very cleanly in his person, dressed with 
taste, had a jileasant face, a sweet smile, a cheerful 
and joyous manner, and was natural. lie was the very oppo- 
site of what a religious bigot would tliink a prophet ought to 
be- and he never took any pains to be otherwise. He was .1 
great hater of sham. He disliked long-faced hypocrisy, and 





numerous stories are told of his peculiar manner of rebuking 
it. He knew that.what many people call sin is not sin, and he 
did many things to break down superstition. He would wres- 
tle, play ball, and enjoy himself in physical exercises, and he 
knew that he was not committing sin in so doing. The religion 
of Heaven is not to make men sorrowful, to curtail their enjoy- 
ment and to make them groan and sigh and wear long faces; 
but to make them happy. This Joseph desired to teach the 
people; but in doing so, he, like our Savior when he was on 
the earth, was a stumbling-block to bigots and hypocrites. 
They could not undei stand him; ho shocked their prejudices 
and traditions. A great change has taken place in the feelings 
of the world on these subjects since his death. The course 
taken by Latter-day Saints, with their teachings, have had the 
eft'ect of heljiing to bring about this change. We prove to the 
world that we can dance and have other amusements, and yet 
be happy and free from sin. The strong blows which Joseph 
dealt to sectarianism and sham were felt, and good efi'ects have 
followed. 

Joseph labored incessantly in various ways to advance the 
cause. Looking after the general business of the Church, 
receiving revelations, translating, preaching and writing letters, 
kept him constantly busy. He commenced the translation of 
the Book of Abraham, which he published in the Times and 
Seasons. He also counseled the sisters to form an organization 
to be known as "The Female Relief Society of Nauvoo." 
Tiie Saints exerted themselves to build the Temple, and private 
dwellings arose in every quarter of the city. Those were busy 
days, and the peojile had in Joseph's energy and industry an 
example worthy of imitation. Under the date of the 4th of 
May, 1 842, we find the following recorded: 

' 'I spent the day in the upper part of the Store, * * * in 
council with General James Adams of Springfield, Patriarch 
Hynim Smith, Bishops Newel K. Whitney and George MUler, 
and Presidents Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and Wil- 
lard Uichards, instructing them in the principles and order of 
the Priesthood, attending to washings, anointings, endowments, 
and the communication of the Kej'sof the Aaronic Priesthood, 
and so on to the highest order of the Melchisedec Priesthood, 
setting forth to the order pertaining the Ancient of Days, and all 
those plans and principles by which any one is enabled to 
secure the fulness of those blessings which have been prepared 
for the Church of the First Born, and come up and abide in 
the presence of the Eloheim in the eternal worlds. In this 
Council was instituted the ancient order of things for the first 
time in these last days. And the communications I made to 
this Council were of things spiritual, and to be received only 
by the spiritual minded: and there was nothing made known 
to these men, but what will be made known to all the Saints of 
the last days, so soon as they are prepared to receive, 
and a proper place is jirepared to communicate them, 
even to the weakest of the Saints; therefore let the Saints be 
diligent in building the Temple, and all houses which they have 
been, or shall hereafter be commanded of God to build; and 
wait their time with jiatience in all mreknc^s. faith and perse- 
verance unto the end, knowing assuredly that all these things 
referred to, in this Council, arc always governed by the princi- 
ple of revelation." 

And under the date of the next day, the 5th of May, he 
recorded: 

"General Adams started for Siiringfield, and the remainder 
of the Council of yesterday, continued their meeting at the 
same pl.icc, and my:>elf and brother Ilyrum received in turn 
from the otlier, the same I had communicated to them the day 
previous." 

On the ITth of May the Nauvoo Legion was on parade and 
was reviewed by Joseph. Judge Stephen A. Douglas was 



^ 



t! 




J- TJ ^ E IsT I L E3 IlsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 




holding court at the time at Carthage; but there was so much 
curious excitement prevailing respecting this military parade 
and review that he adjourned the Circuit Court. He and 
some of the principal lawj'crs came to Nauvoo for the occasion. 
There were a large number of strangers present. After the 
review the generals and their staffs, with their wives, and 
Judge Douglas and his friends, dined at Joseph's house. In 
the afternoon the Legion was separated into cohorts, and fought 
an animated sham battle. In relation to this sham battle, and 
John C. Bennett's conduct on that occasion in regard to him- 
self, Joseph writes as follows: 

"I was solicited by General Bennett to take command of the 
first Cohort during the sham battle; this I dcchned. General 
Bennett next requested me to take my station in the rear of the 
cavalry, without my staff, during the engagement; but this was 
counteracted by Captain A. P. Ilockwood, Commander of 
my Life Guards, who kept close to my side, and I chose my 
own position. And if General Bennett's true feelings towards 
me are not made manifest to the world in a very short time, 
then it may be possible, that the gentle breathings of that 
Spirit, which whispered me on parade, that 'there was mischief 
concealed in that sham battle,' were false; a short time will 
de ermine the point. Let John C. Bennett answer at the day 
of jnJgment, 'Why did you request me to command one of 
the Cohoits, and also take my po.^ition without my Staff, 
during the sham battle, on the 7th of May, 1S42, where my life 
might hSve been the forfeit and no man have known who did 
the deed?' " 

How correct Joseph's conclusions were respecting Bennett 
our readers will learn as we proceed. His true feelings towards 
Joseph were manifested to the world in a very short time, 
and the gentle breathings of the Spirit were proved to be true. 



BEHSTElVOI-iEnsrGE. 




"A cheerful word of sympathy- 
May scatter clouds away. 

One little act performed in life. 
Turns darkness into day." 

OX a warm summer afternoon a lazy breeze stole through 
the windows of a hot district school-house, lifting the 
white curtains, and rustling the leaves of the copy-books that 
lav on the desks. Thirty or forty scholars of all ages were 
bending over their writing, quiet and busy; the voice of the 
master, as he passed about among the writers, was the only 
sound. But though silent, this little hot school-room had its 
heroes and heroines as certainly as the wider sphere of life. 

Tlie bell rings for the writing to be laid by; and now comes 
the last exerci.se of the day, the spelling, in which nearly all 
the school join. At the head of the cla.ss is a delicate little 
girl, in a blue dress, whose bright eyes and attentive air show 
that slie prizes her place and means to keep it 

Presently a word, which had jiassed all the lower end of the 
clas.s, came to Eunice. The word was ])rivilege. "P-r-i-v- 
]iriv-i, privi, 1-e-g-e-lege, jirivilegi;," spelled Eunice. ]{ut the 
teacher, vexed with the mistake at the other end of the class, 
misunderstood her, and and i)a,ssed it. The little girl hioked 
amazed; tlie bright color came into her cheek.s, and she listened 
eagerly to the next person, who si)elled it as she had done. 

"Uiglit," said the teacher, "take your place." 

"I sjielleil it so," wliisper<Ml Eunice to lierself, tears spring- 
ing to her eyes as she passed down. But, too timid to si«'ak 
to the master, she remained iu her place, inwardly determined 
to get up again. 



But -her trials were not yet over. Many expedients were 
tried in the school to keep out the arch-enemy of the schools — 
whispering. At length the following was adopted. The first 
whisperer stood upon the floor in front ot the teacher's desk. 
Here he acted as monitor; when he detected another he took 
his seat, and the next offender kept a sharp look-out to find 
some one to take his place; for at the close of the school, the 
scholar who had the whisperer's place was punished very 
severely — as the school phrase was, "took a feruling!" This 
plan appeared to operate very well, every one dreading to be 
the last on the floor; but though it secured an orderly school, 
many parents and scholars doubted its justice. 

The boy who was on the floor when Eunice lost her place, 
was an unruly, surly fellow, who had smarted for his faults 
often before; and as school drew near its close he began to 
tremble. The instant Eunice's whispered complaint reached 
his ear, his face brightened up; he was safe now. And when 
the class was dismissed he said, "Eunice whispered, sir." 

Eunice arose, and in a trembling voice related what she had 
said: but the teacher saw no excuse in it, and she was called 
to take the place of the ungenerous boy who told on her. 

Books had been put away, and the waiting school looked on 
in sorrow as Eunice left her seat to take the dreaded punish- 
ment. She was one of the best scholars, bright, faithful, sweet 
tempered, a general favorite. Every one felt that it was unjust, 
and many angry glances were directed at the boy who was mean 
enough to get a little girl whipped. Overcome with shame and 
fear he stood up by the desk, crying bitterly, while the teacher 
was preparing to inflict the punishment. 

At this moment a tall boy stepped out of his seat, and going 
to the desk said: 

"Are you going to whip Eunice, sir?" 

"Yes, I never break my rules," the teacher said. 

"We will not see her whipped!" said the boy, in an excited 
voice. "There is not a boy here, but one, that would see her 
whipped. Whip me, sir, and keep your rule if you must, but 
don't touch that little girl." 

The master paused; the school looked on tearfully. 

"Do you mean to say that you will take the punishment?" 
asked the teacher. 

"I do sir," was the bold reply. 

The sobbing Itttle girl was sent to her seat, and without 
flinching, her friend stood and received the punishment that 
was to have fallen on her. The school was dismis.sed, and the 
boys paid him in admiration and prai.se for all he had suflered, 
while the grateful little girl blessed liim from her heart for a 
noble and generous boy, who had saved Lor from the greatest 
shame and sufl'ering. 

1 said the little school had its heroes, and this was one of 
them. Do you think this conduct admirable? 

Now for the moral. 

The punishment received by this noble boy was Christ-like; 
it was one of suffering from his own free will, the punishment 
that was to have been borne by another. — Sekated. 



"You are made to be kind, generous and magnanimous," 
says Horace Mann. "If there's a boy in school who has a 
club-foot, don't let him know that you ever saw it. If there 
is a boy in school with ragged clothes, don't talk of rags in 
his presence. If there's a lame boy in school, assign him 
some place in the play which does not reciuiie much rumiing. 
If there is a dull one, help him to get his lessons. 



UsKi'ii. children are worth a great deal, though they may be 
very little. 



T^ 



!^i^ 



96 



J" TJ ^ El nsr I L E I3^STie.TJOTOI^^ 



THE 






OXCE upon a time there was a little pool, a mere hand- 
ful of water, glimmering at the foot of a great tree. 
It was very pleasant staying there, with the bright sun 
shining upon it morning and evening, and at noon the great 
boughs overshadowing it. But by and by the little pool grew 
tired of doing nothing, and determined to be up and busy. It 
was not discontented, but it knew that somewhere in the great 
wide world there was work to be done, and deep down in its 
heart a springy, little voice seemed calling it to begin at once to 
make a way through the muddy bank that hemmed it in. 

'•Better stay where yon are, little pool," said the tall tree, 
patronizingly. ''Hard times, the world's workers have. You 
will be much wiser to keep ([uiet and remain here under my 
shelter." But the little peol did not think so. "You were 
made to stay in one place, dear tree," it answ' red, "to blossom 
and bear fruit; but God meant me to run away among the hills 
and valleys, to water the flowers, and give drink to bird and 
beast; and if I am content to lie here always, in the sunshine 
and shadow, my work will never be done. 

"But," said the old tree, pointing one of its long, green arms 
across the valley, its leaves all in a flutter at the thought of 
losing his bright-eyed little companion, "yonder is a great 
mountain standing right in your path. What will you do when 
you come to that?" 

"Work my way through it," said the little pool, bravely. 

"Pretty hard work you'll have of it, too," said the old tree, 
diseoura<ringly. "Better take mv advice, and stay where j-ou 
are." But the little pool did not hear the last words, for 
already it was woiking its way down the hillside, at first very 
slowly, only a slender rill, but by and by it grew broader, and 
gained strength, and went rippling over roots and stones, 
laughing fur joy in its new-found fieedom. It was pleasant 
Work at first, fur the way lay through green fields and valleys; 
but presently its rapid course was checked by rocks and 
hills, and scarcely were these conquered, when, straight 
before it, rose up the giant mountain— the very same of which 
the old tree had given warning — grim and defiant, gazing down 
on the silvery stream at its base with a look wliich seemed to 
say "Get through me if you can." 

But the little pool had now become a strong, broad brook, and 
was not to be turned back. A lung task lay before it, but it 
went at it bravely, and never stoiiped until, inch by inch, it 
had found a channel for itself through the very heart of the 
granite mountain. Tlien it went singing on its way, through 
field and forest, and by and by became a mighty river. 

\\ as not that grand for the little pool? Yet, had it been eon- 
tent to remain in idleness, and afraid to encounter ditfieiilties, 
it would never have been anything Letter than a handful of 
muddy water. 

There are some boys and girls in the world for whom this 
little story ha." a moral — boys and girls who make mountains 
of everytliing in the way of work and study, and, lackiiig the 
lii;le pool's perseverance, dare not even try to get througli them. 
If they are content to be idle thus very long, their brains will 
by and by become mere muddy pools, where not a single bright 
idea can tiiid a place to sun itself — Little Corporal. 



Yor often say, "Flow much gooil I wnuld do with my money, 
if I were as rich as this man, or the other? How much good do 



Srli^cf(& l^o^lrn. 




Ui) 



nvE .A. i^ le L E s 



BY MRS. SARAH E. HEMSHAW. 



Wliat pfeasant, warm cfays! 1 llfje such as these, 
Wlien we can pfay marljfes, down on our knees- 
Down on our Icnec.s in the dust and the dirt — 
No matter for patches— they never hurt! 

Our pockets are heavy, but, tis not with gold— 
'Tis the marbles that make theui so warm and so cold; 
Chinies, Stonies and Agates, some large and some small, 
Glassies, AUej-s, and Boulders, the pride of them all. 

Come out on the sidewalk, here in the sun- 
Do you play for "keeps" ever? or only for fun? 
O never for "keeps" my mother says nay — 
"First— second— stake in! You have the first play." 

So "plumping and "knuckling," here we begin, 
And the marbles roll swiftly, now out and now in— 
Kager eyes watc-h the game— "taws!" soon is the cry. 
And "vent!" is the answer, "You judge!" "Xo not I!" 

O there comes a lady, skirts trailing along — 
Stop 3'our game! /she won't care for our marbles a song; 
She halts, I declare! she steps outuf tho way! 
Hurrah for that lady, forever and aye! 

A fellow feels sore when his circle is crossed, 
When his game is all spuiled aud his marbles are lost; 
I'll remember that lady when [ am a iwau, 
Aud do her a kiuduess if ever I can. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

c TH j^ T^ j^ ID :ei . 



BY II. FI.AJLM. 



I am composed of .') letters. 

My 4, 2, 3, wo all do dail}'. 

My 1, 2, 5, is destructive to life and property. 

My 3, 2, 5 is often used as a Uiedicine. 

My 3, 4, 2, 5, manifests sorrow. 

My whole is necessary to the file of man and beast. 



"Mother," s.aid a little boy, "I waked up thanking God." 
That is waking up btautifnlly. A child waking up so will 
never come down .-tairs cross, or find fault with his breakfast. 



vJTJV"E3SrinLiE IIsrSTI^TJGTOK/ 

I-f imbhsiicii 111 Halt Luke CV/^, t'inh Territory, 
ON THE FIRST A FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Slugle t-'opy, ut:r Aiinuiu g;^ OU 

biui;le Cup>, iKti' cjix MuulUd.^ 1 iiu 



4S" It is exjiccf^d where agentt fonrnrd nninex thej/ will be re.ipnnsiljfe 
or i/tc papers Uiuk uracred; and ivlwii * ^isU jtaj/uteids tire madt, tJtpi/ 
vill pimtJff /uriv'iid liicia wUU the letlei- cunL-iuumj tha lumifs of the 

yuu do now with what you have? ''Oli, if I only liml time, what | *"«^/>/^'^r ir»u //. Shearman, Looun, will act as Gttui-ai Agent for 
wou'd I not learal'"' &aya another. How do you spend the time ' Cit/'V*€ VaUru. 



you nave; 



*»* (-iratti hroiiifht to this City for the .Iuvepjilk Instkuctok will Oe 
r€ct;iv€<i tU lite ojjuui w/ our iJvpLr—iJtAk.ti.k.^ >iJ:.\V:» L*i;ii,iijx;b. 



y^j { \^ ^* * ^" ^ » » ' !»j i iii 



■UUIJI UHMUai 



i'i|i^wi r s fi_ ig u iB j,.M i .,j, i iM ff n 




