
THE 



BQMNESa TQ THE LQBD. 





VOL. XIV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1879. 



NO. 2. 



■w o isT ID E i^ s oip lOE T^nsrr) snsro'w. 



I AM goiuK to tell you a few interesting things about water, 
which, although the commonest and most abundant sub- 
stance in nature, is also the most wounderful and beautiful. As 
you know, it occurs in three forms — as a solid, like ice, 
as a liduid, and as a gas, called steam. It is, however, 
only of the solid water, or ice, that I now wish to speak to 
you. This a.ssuines different forms, according to the way in 
which it is produced; and so we have ice proper, snow, hail, 
and hoar-frost. All these are composed entirely of water, and 
the water from one is exactly similar in every respect to that 
obtained from any of the others. 
It Snow, wfeich is the most 
beautiful and perfect kind 
of ice, is formed in the air 
about four or five miles 
above the surface of the 
earth; and although we 
cannot bo certain about it, 
there seems no doubt but 
that it is produced when a 
cloud is driven by the wind 
into a cold part of the 
atmosphere. To give you 
a notion what a cloud is 
like 1 may remark that 
the steam from a locomo- 
tive forms miniature 
clouds, aiid if the sun 
(about an hour before sun- 
set) is seen through it, 
you cannot help noticing 
that the two arc very 

similar in appearance. Now this cloud having been diivcn 
into thecojd part cf the air of course bceonics colder i s If, and 
soon the Htcam of .which it is composed condenses, us il is 
termed, that is, it is changed into tiny drops of water. Tiiis 
water gets colder amlVoldcr, and ultimately becomes a minute 
piece of ico, and Ibeing surrounded c)n all sides by the cold 
drops of water, t'lesc pieces of ice grow lar^'cr and larger, till 
they become big 'enough to bo seen, and when ilic^y have 
reached a certain size, and so have becoine heavy, they fall to 
the carth'as snow. But the most wonderful part is the way in 
which these little pieces of loo grow. They do not get larger 




erjually all round, as a snowball does when rolled on snow, but 
they increase in some parts more rapidly than in others, and 
always in the same way. The consequence is that, although 
the flakes of snow or ice-crystals differ very much in their 
appearance, yet ttiey always seem as if they had been made by 
decorating the same figure. This figure is composed of six 
equal sides, and is called a hexagon; and we may imagine snow 
to be produced thus; the little pieces of ice, as they are formed, 
stick to the arms of the hexagon, and by the diflferent ways in 
which they arrange themselves make up the beautiful figures 
that snow is seen to be composed of when looked at with a magni- 

fying-glass. Snow-crystals 
do sometimes take the 
triangular, or three-sided 
form, as .shown in the illus- 
tration, but very rarely. 
That snow is formed some- 
what in the manner I have 
described, may be easily 
proved on a winter's morn- 
ing, by breathing on the 
window and carefully 
watching what takes place. 
Suddenly the window be- 
comes le.ss trans|)areut in 
one or lunrc places, and 
from these spots there 
shoot out, with great 
rapidity, beautiful crys- 
tals resembling fern 
icavi's. These grow and 
spread very quickly, till 
the whole is covered with a net-work of them; and if you itut 
the !-kclcton liexiigoii up against one of these ice ferns you 
will find that they lit perfectly, becau.se the fern is formed on 
the .samo pattern as the hexagon. 

I'nlikc snow, ice apjiears (|uitc plain in its structure, like a 
piece of glass, and no one would suspect that there were any 
crystals in it. If, however, a sheet of ice is put in the magic- 
lantern in the place where the slide usually is, a most lovely 
sight is apparent. At diU'ercnl spots in the sheet of ire little 
six-sided stars are formed. These grow larger and largci', and 
soon a round body is soon in the center of each star, which in 



|9 







14 



J TJ "V E ItT I L E! IITSTI?>TJCTOI^. 




brilliancy is like a little pearl. The stars grow till at last thej' 
touch one another, and form a sort of net all over the sheet. 

Hoar-frost is nearlj' the same as snow, except that it is 
formed on grass, trees, etc. instead of in the air some miles hisrh. 
Six-sided stars and ferns are also clearly visible in if, so that' 
the three forms of water — snow, ice, and hoar-frost — are seen 
to be made on the same model, viz., a hesagon. 

The last form to be noticed is hail. If a hailstone be cut in 
half it will be seen to be made up of coats of ice and snow, just 
like an onion, the ice beinjr clear and the snow opaque or dulled, 
so that the difierent layers are very easily distingui.shed. 

Now, when it is remembered that all these forms of water 
are produced by thou!^ands and millions of tons, it is certainly 
very romarkable that every minute particle is built up in 
exactly the same way. Near the North and South Poles the 
quantity of ice and snow which covers the ground is almost 
•nconceivablc. As far as the eye can rt ach, there is towards the 
sea solid ice, generally with a thick layer of snow, and looking 
inland the same is apparent. Not a tree or hill is to be seen, 
for the ice being in some parts (near the South Pole) a quarter 
of a mile thick, of course fills up all the valleys and overtops 
the hills, making the whole country a flat and dreary waste. In 
the summer-time noises like thunder are frequently heard, and 
immediately after a commotion is seen in the sea, and a huge 
piece of clear ice. often as big as a cathedral (and sometimes 
with spires and pinnacles exactly like one), comes to the surface 
of the water, and floats away with the current to warmer jiarts. 
These are called icebergs; and they are only pieces broken off 
the great rivers of solid ice which come down to the sea and 
take the place of the ordinary rivers of more temperate climates. 
The.se ice rivers are called glaciers, and are made up of pure 
and clear ice, and contain the most lovely caverns and grottoes, 
in which you may see all the colors of the rainbow; indeed, 
they are ice rainbows, instead of being formed, like ordinary 
rainbows, by liquid ice, or water. 

I hope the things I have told you aViout the.so wonders of 
water may sh.jw you that even the commonest things around 
us may be well worthy of attention, as much for their beauty 
as for their u.sefulness. 



Booic OF nycoK.ivroN' 



nv .T. A. r.ITTI.E. 



( Concluded. ) 

A FTKR the death of Lib, Shiz, his brother, attacked Corian- 
1\. tunir. who fled. In the pursuit, Shiz burned many cities, 
and mercilessly .slauihtered women and children. A terrible 
fear of him spread through all the land, and a cry went forth, 
"Who can stand Vjefore the army of Shiz?" 

The people now began to flock together in armies, a part 
joining the army of Shiz, and a part that of Coriantumr. 
The war had been so extensive and so lengthy, and the 
animosities it engendered so bitter, that the dead were scattered 
over the whole face of the land. So swift had been its oper- 
ations that none had been left alive to bury the slain. The 
people marched forth from battle to battle, leaving the bodies 
of men women and chililren to become a prey to the worms of 
the flesh, and the people verc troubled day and night with 
the stench. 

From the first year of the war to the reign of Lil, was, 

probably, about ten years: but otherwise we can form no idea 






of the time that intervened between the events of this compre- 
hensive, terrific war. From the number of battles mentioned, 
and the usual necessity for the deafeated to have a little time 
in which to recruit their strength before renewing the conflict, 
it is probable that several years had passed. It had now 
become a .system with the contending armies to leave nothing 
but a desert behind them in their march. The probabilities 
are, that for many years the seat of war had been the land of 
!Moran, and the district immediately joining it on the north, 
comprising that portion of the continifet now known as Central 
America. That part of the continent, becoming exhausted, it 
became necessary for each of the contending armies as they 
were in turn defeated, to retreat northward to recruit their 
strength, until again prepared for battle. Thus, the tide of 
desolation rolled oyer the continent from the Isthmus of 
Darien northward until it finally gathered around the hill 
Piamah for the final conflict of the still mighty remnant of a 
great people. 

Burning to avenge the blood of his brother, Shiz continued 
to pursue Coriantumr. The latter retreated eastward to the 
sea shore, and there fought Shiz for three days. So terrible 
was the destruction among the armies of Shiz, that the people 
were frightened, and fled before the armies of Coriantumr to 
the land of Corihor, sweeping off the inhabitants that would 
not join them. Shiz camped in the valley of Corihor, and 
Coriantumr in the valley of Shurr. The valley of Shurr was 
near the hill Comnor. On it, Coriantijmr gathered his armies, 
sounded a trumpet to the armies of Shiz, and invited them to 
battle. They accepted the challenge, marched to the attack 
twice, and were driven back. In the third attack Shiz gave 
Coriantumr many deep wounds. He fainted from the loss of 
blood and was carried away as though he were dead. The 
loss of men, women and children, on both sides was so groat 
that Shiz wjuld not permit his people to pursue the armies of 
Coriantumr. 

AVhcn Coriantumr had recovered from his wounds, he 
remembered the words of Ether, and saw that the predictions 
oF the prophets were being fulfilled. Already two millions of 
the men of his people had been .slain, with their women and 
children. He mourned and refused to be comforted. He 
wrote to Shiz, that, if he would siiare the people he would 
give up the kingdom to him. Shiz replied that if be would 
give himself up that he might slay him with his own sword, 
he would spare the people. But a peaceful arrangement was 
impossible on account of the bitterness which e.visted between 
the two great divisions of the people, and the fulfillment of 
the divine decree could no longer be delayed. The army of 
Shiz attacked that of Coriantumr. NVhen the latter saw that 
he was about to fall, ho fled again and went to the waters of 
liipliancum, which, being interpreted, means large, or exceeding 
all. There the two armies camped near each other, probably on 
the southern shore of lake Ontario. On the following day they 
fought a very severe battle, in which ('ori.iiilumr was again 
wounded and fainted with the loss of blood. His armies 
however pressed upon the armies of Shiz and defeated them. 
They retreated southward to a place called f >galh, while the 
army of Coriantumr camped by the hill llamah — the hill 
Cumorah of Nephitc history. There was gathered to the 
armies of Coriantumr and Shiz, all the people of the land, 
excei>t Fther, who took mtc of what was transpiring. The 
gathering occufiied four years, and could only have been 
accomplished durina; a truce between the contending armies. 
The destructive character of this war is manifest in the fact 
that the women and children, as well as the men, were armed 
and wore defensive armor or shields, head and breast plates, 




->^ 



JTT-VE3SriLE IZSrSTI?.TJOTOI2.. 



15 




The day finally arrived for the commencement of the last 
strugsle between these yast armies. The extreme bitterness 
and hatred and the all-absorbina; desire for revenge in the 
opnonents, must have smothered all the better elements of their 
natures. Clothed in all the panoply of war, merciless, pitiless 
and ui;conr|uerab]e, except by death, they rushed on to the 
woric of mutual extermination. It is doubtful, if any of them 
anticipated, that the struggle would end iu their extinction as 
a people. They fought the first day without deci.sive results. 
After they had retired for the night there were great cries and 
lamentations for the losses they had sutfiired. The morrow 
was a great and terrible dav, but neither side eoni|uered, and 
when night came they rent the air again for the loss of the 
slain. Again Coriantumr wrote to Shiz, desiring that he 
would take the kingdom and spare the people; hut it was too 
late; they were hardened and blood-thirsty, and evil had full 
power over them. Oa the third day the battle was renewed 
and at night those who remained slept on their swords. On 
the fourth day they fought again until night, when they were 
drunken with anger. Tnej' slept again on their swords and 
fought again on the morrow. When night came, only fifty- 
two of the people of Coriantumr, and sixfy-nine of ihe people 
of Shiz remained. The.se few slept on their swords again and 
continued the desperate encounter through the sixth day, at 
the close of which there remained thirty-two of the people of 
Shiz and twenty-seven of the people of Coriantumr. They 
ate and slept and prepared for death on the morrow. They 
were large and mighty men. They fought for three hours and 
then fainted with the loss of blood. When the men of 
Coriantumr had sufiiciflntly recovered their strength to walk, 
they attempted to flee for their lives; but .Shiz arosL' and swore 
in his wrath that he would kill Coriantumr or iierish himself 
Shiz and his men overtook Coriantumr on the following day, 
when the fight was renewed. When they had all fallen but 
Coriantumr and Shiz, the latter fainted with the liiss of l)lood. 
After Coriantumr had leaned on his swnrd and re-ted awhile 
he cut off" tiie head of Shiz. The coni|Ueror, left alone in his 
glory, fell to the earth as though he were dead. 

Thus ended this grand tragedy of the entire .self-destruction 
of a great people. It is probable that several millions of 
.Taredites perished in this last struggle. Ether, by command 
of the Lord, went fi rth and saw that His words through Ilis 
prophets had all been fulfilled. lie finished the record con- 
taining the history of his people and deposited it so that it 
was found by the people of Liiiihi. We are left in ignorance 
of the final end of the propliet lOlhi'r. 



^0rrc*j|jonilcncf. 



.Salt I.akkCitv, 

January Hlh, IHT'.i. 
fJditor Juvenile Jnatritclor: 

Dkar IIkotiiik:— HiiviiiK r(,-c(Mvril it cnpv of iin 
n(Mri'««. or ciniiliir, from our mutual frii'iid iiml cn-liiborcr, 
.Supi-rintciidL'nl J. H. Mnihen, of Munli, which lio Iihb »c'Mt In all 
thi) iUperiiitondfiilH of .Sttbljatli ichooln in Simpctc .Sliiki- of Zion. 
I roppctfully •olirit ipaco in your v«Iimlilo piTioilical for Iho 
puMiiHlion of tho minii). I honrlily fnilormi thu ni'Mlimcntii 
tliurein pxprcnuxl, und invito their pdrusul by thu olllcem of every 
Sunday uliool througboul iho Turrilory, ccpeiially llio «iiKg''H- 
tion* in rcgiird to Ailing up coTro<-tly the yearly hIankH and lor- 
wnrdinft tlio >uinM immediately to the Staku nuperititerident; also 
L Uio uno and advoocy of Iho Juvhulk Iwhi ki'itch in all our 

^ ■ o 



Sundav schools, and the singing in concert from our bound 
Music Books (which contain twelve curds, or twonty-thrce sorgs 
each, and are sold at twonty-tive cents.) 

Praying that God may inspire those engaged in the Sunday 
school labor with renewed vigor and promptness to carry out 
these a.id other suggestions that mav be given, and that the year 
1879 may be marked by a steady growth of the Sabbath school 
institutions of all the Stakes of Zion, I remain 
Your Friend and Fellow-Laborer, 

Georoe Goddard, 

Asst. Gon. Supt. D. S. S. Union. 

curci'lm; of supt. maiben. 

Ma>ti, Sanpete Co., 

Dec, 27th, 1878. 
To the Sitp:n'iitendenfs of Sabbatli Sc/iooh in iiaiipile Stake: 

Dear Brethren:— Enclosed I forward you the 
blanks for the yearly report of your schools, which I am very 
desirous should be filled up, as per directions, without delay; so 
that I can furnish the annual report of this Stake to the Secre- 
tary of tho D'jseret Sundaj' School Union, as requested. In 
reporting the number of officers, teachers and pupils, it will be 
proper to state the entire number that have attended throughout 
the year, not the largest number that have attended at any one 
time. To be able to giye this correctly, the secretary should 
keep an alphabetic«l register of names. Where this has not 
been done, the report should be made as nearly correct as possi- 
ble. The object of this report is to show the fullest numbers that 
have attended, so that when compared with the number of chil- 
dren of school age, as reported by the District school superin- 
tendent, it will make known exactly the relative degree of inter- 
est in our Sabbath schools. If your board of officers is not com- 
plete, it is desirable that you immediately appoint them, so that 
the blanks may be filled up- If you cannot judiciously arrange 
otherwise it will not be ohjected to should a person fill more 
offices than one. 

In your schools the reading exercises should be confined to 
Church books as much as possible, and the schools should 
receive oral instucti ms upon doctrine, etc., both in class and 
school capacity. Giving tickets to scholars for punctual attend- 
ance, to be redeemed annually with simple prizes of pictures or 
reading matter, is attended with excellent efl'ecl. At the same 
time, making recognition in a similar nuxnncr of the ettbrtsof tho 
scholars in siiigii.g. and reciting suitable selections and answering 
short catechisms, adds a great incentive to tho scholars to acquit 
themselves with exicllence, so as to gratify their teachers and 
parents who kindly ofVer these inducements. An annual reunion 
of this character can bo made extremely i>leasing to all parties 
concerned. I would suggest that the songs with music, published 
by tho Deseret Sunday School Union, be obtained, and that the 
entire schools, as well as tho choirs, be trained to sing them in 
concert. I would also suggest that tho questions and answers on 
tho restoration of tho gospel, tho arlicloa of faith, tho Lord's 
prayer, tho ton commandments, sections of Christ's sermon on 
tho mount, and other sayings of the Savior, who spako as "never 
man .^"pako," a.s very suitable for the children to commit to mem- 
ory. 

In tho coming summer wo hope to have one or more Stake 
jubilees, at which wo would like rup-csontatives from all Iho 
schools prepared with some of the foregoing exercises, as well as 
any others the superintendent.", with their kindly oversight, may 
think will contribute to the pleasure and profit of such occasions. 

Tho new vohimu of the Jiivknii.k I.NHTUircToii is to ba 
improved, without adilitiiuial cost to tho subsciebers, and exer- 
tions shoubl be ina(b' by the superintendents of Sabbath school.i 
to suttaiii this excellent Klandard publication; i^o that it niaj' not 
only form a text-book I'or tlw teachers, but its bcnellls bo enjoyed 
by every household. 

I'ruying that the bli'shiiigs of the Lord may at'end you in your 
labors in lH7'.<yel more abundnnlly than heri'lofore, I remain 
Vcrur brother in the g 'i-pel, 

J. B. MAinK.v. 



m. 



P:) 



16 



GT'Cr^EISrTXjE IITSTI^TJCTOI^. 




^^Ij^HC.A.BET OIF BIBLE 



BY J, H. n. 



AVARICE. "For the love of money is tlie root of all evil: 
which, while some coveted after, they have erred from 
the faith, and pierced themselves through with many 
sorrows." (I. Timothy, vi. 10.) 

B.\PTISM. "Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the 
name of Jesus Christ for the remissinn of sins, and ye 
shall receive the gift of the HolyGhost." (Acts, ii. 38. ] 

Charity "Though I speak with the tongues of men and of 
angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding 
brass, or a tinkling cymbal. And though I have the 
gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all 
knowledge; and though I have all laith, so that I could 
remove mountnins, and have not charily, I am nothing. 
And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, 
and though I give my body to be burned, and have not 
charity, it profitoth me nothing. Charity sufferoth 
long, and is kind; charily envieth not; charity vaunteth 
not itself, is not puffed up. doth not behave itself 
unseemly, seeketh not her own. is not easily provoked, 
tliinketh no evil: rcjoieeth not in iniquity, but rejoieeth 
in the truth: Bcaretb all tbiiies. believeth all things, 
hopeth all thing, endurcth all things. Charity never 
faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall 
fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether 
there be knowledge, it shall vani.-h away." (1. Cor- 
inthians, xiii. is.) 

PlsoBEDlE.NCE. "Let no man deceive you with vain words: 
for because of these things comelh the wrath of God 
upon the children of disobedience." (Epke.^ians, v. ij ) 

Earth. "The earth is full of the goodness of the Lord." 
(Psalm, xxxiii 0.) 

Faitit. "Without faith it is impossible to plca-e him" (the 
Lord.) (Hebrews, xi. O.j 

Gi.ad.\f..s.s. "I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of 
the angels of God over one sinner that repentoth." 
(Luke, XV. 10.) 

Hope. "And hope maketh not a.-hamed; because the love 
of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy (ihcjst 
which is given unto us." i Romans, v. .").) 

iNNriCE.scE. "1 wnuld have you Wise unto that which is good, 
and simple concerning evil." I Romans, xvi. 111.) 

Jldojient. "Thy righteousness is like the great mountains; 
thy judgments are a great deep: Lord, thou pre- 
servcst man and licast." (P.sa'm, xxxvi. Ci. ) 

IvNOWLEltCE. "For this is good and accei)table in the sight 
of God our Savior; who will have all men to be saved, 
and to come unto the knowledge of the truth." (L 
Timothy, ii. .'!, 4. ) 

LiiVE. "Let us love one another: for love is of (iud: and 
every one that lovtth is bom of God, and knowcth God. 
He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love. 
In this was manifested the love of tiod toward us, 
because that God sent his only begotten Son into the 
world, that we might li\<- through him." (I. John, iv. 
7-0.) 

Mission. "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing 
them in the name of the Father, and of the Son. and 
of the Holy Ghost." (Matthew, xxviii. Hi. > 

Name. "A good name is better than precious ointment." 
(Ecclesiastes, vii. 1.) 



Obedience. "We ought to obey God rather than men." 
(Acts, V. 29. ) 

Pr.\Yf.r. "And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that 
will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son."' 
(John, xiv. 13 ) 

Quietness. "And the work of righteousness shall bo peace; 
and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance 
for ever. And my people shall dwell in a peaceable 
habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting 
places." (Isaiah, xxxii. 17-18.) 

Resurrection. "But some man will say, How are the dead 
raised up? and with what body do they come? 
Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not quickened, 
except it die: and that which thou sowest, thou sowest 
not that body that shall be, but bare grain, it may 
chance of wheat, or of some other grain: But God 
giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every 
seed his own body. All flesh is not the same flesh: but 
there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, 
another of fishes, and another of birds. There are also 
celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of 
the celestial is one, and the glorj' of the terrestrial is 
another. There is one glory of the sun, and another 
glory of the moon, and another glor}' of the stars: for one 
star differeth from another star in glory. So also is the 
resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it 
is raised in incorruption: it is sown in dishonor; it is 
raised in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is laised in 
power: it is sown a natural body: it is raised aspiritual 
body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual 
body. And so it is written. The first man Adam was 
made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening 
siiirit. Howbeit that was not first which is spiiitual, 
but that which is natural; and afterward that which is 
spiiitual. The first man is of the earth, earthy: the 
second man is the Lord from heaven. As is the earthy, 
such are they also that are earthy: and as is the heavenly, 
such are they also that are heavenly. And as we have 
borne the image of the earthy, we shall also bear the 
image of the heavenly. Now this I say, brethren, that 
flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; 
neither doth corruption inherit incorruption. Behold, 
I show you a mystery; we shall not all .sleep, but we 
shall all be changed, in a moment, in the twinkling of 
an eye. at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, 
and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and wo shall 
bo changed. For this corruptible must put on incor- 
ruption, and this mortal must put on immortality. So 
when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, 
and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then 
shall be brought to pass the saying that is written. 
Death is swallowed up in victory." (I. Corinthians, 
XV. 3.0-.".4.) 

Sil-'rERlNT,. "For I reckon that the sufferings of this present 
time are not worthy to be compared with the glory 
which shall be revealed in us." (Romans, viii. 18.) 

Temperance. "For the grace of God that bringeth salvation 
hath appeared to all men, teaching us that, denying 
ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, 
righteously, and godly, in this present world." (Titus, 
ii. 11, 12.) 

Union. "Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our 
Lord Jesus Chri.st, that ye all si)eak the same thing, 
and that there be no divisions among you; but thaj 



U^ 



i:^- 





-^m. 



JTJ^ElSriXjE II^TST K.U C T? O K/ : 



17 



ye be perfectly joined together in the same caind and 

in the same jmlgment." (I Corinthians, i. 10. I 
VEXfiKAXCE. "'To me belongeth veugeance/' (Deuteronomy, 

xsxii. 35.) 
Wisdom. "If any of you lack wisdom, let him a^k of God, 

that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraiJelh not; and 

it shall be given him." (James, i. •').) 
Yoke. "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am 

meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your 

souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light. ' 

(Matthew, xi. 29, 30.) 
Zn\L "'As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous 

therefore, and repent." (Revelations, iii. I'l.) 



• j^. IDITLIjOOTJE, 
BETWEEN A GENTLEMAN A'ISITOR AND A 
"MORMON" BOY. 



A isFTOR. — "Well, young man, are you a Jlormon." 
Boy. — "Yes, sir. Are you one." 
v.— "No, not I." 
B.— "Why not, sir." 

Y. — "Why not! Because no sensible man would be a INIor- 
mon." 

B. — "Then you think the Mormons have no sense, and other 
people have all the sense?" 

Y. — "Well, no. not exactly that. But I do think that the 
Mormons believe in some very foolish things." 

B. — "That's where you are mistaken, sir. I have heard 
my father say that the Mormons are the most sensible people 
in the world, and I believe it. They are if they are all like 
my father." 

A'. — "Well, perhaps that is not saying much, after all. But 
I think differently to what you do." 

B. — "No doubt, sir. But that is no reason why your think- 
ing .should be right, and mine and my father's. should be wrong." 
Y. — "Certainly not. But you sccni to think a good deal of 
your father." 

B. — "f)f course I do, sir." 

Y. — "Do all the Mormon boys think asmuch oftheir fath- 
ers?" 

B. — "Yes, sir, all that are good for anything, and par- 
ticularly if they have as good fathers as mine is." 

^- — "O, there are some Mormon boy.s who are good for 
nothing!" 

B. — "Well, there are sonie who are no better than they 
should be. I Kuppo.se it is the same where you came from, .sir. 

V''. — "Yes, I suppose it is. But why do you think .so much 
of your father?" 

B. — "]{ecauKe he i.s my father; why shouidn't I think mukIi 
of hinj? Don't you think much of your father'.'" 
\'.— "I should if I had a father." 
B. — "Haven't you got a father, sir?" 
Y. — "No, ho died when I was very young." 
B. — "Then, I am sorry for you. 1 am glad I have a father, 
and a verj' good father he is, too." 

Y. — "But I slmuld like to know whv ynur father is sin-li a 
good man." 

B. — "O. he's good every way. lie never gets drunk, nor 
smokes nor chewH tobacco. He works hard all the time. Ho 
never loafs away his time, as some people do. Ho is never 
idle. If ho is away from liome he is at work, and lie is always 
at work whi'n he in at home, either in the gardcti or in the 
stable or ulxml the liouhe, or else he is reading or writing in 



the house. He tries to pay his way as he goes along and to 
owe no man anything but kindness." 

\'.— "Well, my boy, be sets you a good example." 

B. — "Indeed he does, sir." 

A'.—"] hope you will be as industrious and as honest as he 

i.=. ' ' 

B _--\Yell, I try to be honest, sir, butlcan't boast about the 
work. J don't think I like work quite sj well as he does, sir. I 
like to play a good part of my time." 

Y.._"Perhaps you will get the better of that »s you get 
older." 

B.— "Perhaps so, sir." 

V._"But I should like to hear a little more about your fath- 

B.— "Well, sir, he tries to do his duty in everything, and 
earn all that he gets, so as to make an honest living. He 
teaches us boys to work regularly for our living, for he says 
those who will not work have no right to eat. He says every- 
body ought to work for his livelihood. He wants us boys all 
to go to school and have a good, sound education, so that we 
may know as much as other people and be able to make a good 
living when we grow up to be men ani have to look out for 
ourselves and don't have him to provide for us." 

Y.— "That is very good." 

]3_"Yes, indeed, sir, it is. Then he has family prayer 
nieht and morning, and asks the protection and guidance and 
blessings of God for us all during the night, and during the day 

too." 

v.— "Is your father a preacher?" 

B._"Well, he preaches a little sometimes, sir, but not very 
ofter, because he says he would rather practice than preach, 
as practice is more needed than preaching, and practice is do- 
ing, but preaching is talking. " 

Y. — "He is a sensible man, then." 

B.— "Thai's just what I told you, sir." 

Y. —"Well, you should be thankful that you have .such a 
good father." 

B. — "I am, sir." 

y_"I don't think I could teach you anything better than 

your father does." 

B.— "I don't think you could, sir." 

y._"Well, my boy, try to be as obedient to your father as 
you can, and in that way rcjiay him for his care over you." 

B.— "I will, sir." 

Y.— "He is the best friend you have." 

B.— "I know it, sir. He and my mother are." 

v.— "Well, you can't do better than do as tliey tell you. 
Here is a dollar for you. 

B.— "Thank you, sir. It will help to get me some school 
books. My father d,)es not get much money for his work." 

Y. — "That's right. Good day." 

B. — "Cood dav, sir." 



Said a very good old man, "Some folks arc always complain- 
ing about the weather, but I am very thankful when 1 wake 
up in the morning and find any weather at all." We may 
smile at the simplicily of the old man, hut still his language 
indicates a spirit that (-(.ntrilmtcs much to a calm and peaceful 
life. It is wi-cr and belter to cultivate that than to be con- 
tinually I'niu plaining of things as they arc. 



iMMoiiKliATK pleas\irc.s shorten the existence more than any 
remedies prolong it. 



•w 




^t 



18 



J"TJ"VElsriLE XITST.TS/TJOTOI?/. 




^h^ jftirenil^ !|(nstntdoiT* 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1879. 



biditoi^vI^Ij th:otjc3-h:ts 



HE Pilgrim Fathers suffered many pri- 
vations in the first two or three years of 
their settlement at riymouth, New En- 
gland. They felt that above all people in 
the world they had reason to pray for 
their daily bread, it so often happened 
that none knew at night where the next 
day's food was to come from. Te get 
enough from day to day to keep spirit and 
together was their constant anxiety, and 
stimulus to unceasing labor. Their chief sus- 
tenance in the summer time was fish and clams, 
with sometimes a little venison. The stores 
^'J-^ ' ^^^^ ^^'^^ °"'^ ^° winter with ground rats and 
<^^^-'\w .such wild fowl as they could kill. When a ship came 
'.'.V^ in with additions to their number the scant and sorry 




THOSE Puritan Fathers had a summary way of dealing 
with people who plotted against their liberties. One John 
Syford had came over from England and joined them. He 
was a preacher. But they soon concluded he was a wolf in 
sheep's clothing, a hypocrite, mischief-maker and a spy. He 
came over to them like many have come to Utah — full of 
expres.sions of humility and of admiration for the people. He 
soon fell in with a man named John Oldham, and they plotted 
together and gathered around them such as were discontented. 
But the Pilgrim Fathers had not gone through so many perse- 
cutions without gaining experience. They saw things which 
made them suspecc these men, then they watched them. 
Syford had written more letters than an honest man, in their 
opinion, ought to write to England. Bradford who was the 
Governor, thought it his duty to .stop them and read their 
contents. The letters contained ample evidence against both 
the suspected men. But they did not proceed against them 
then. Syford soon after held a meeting for public worshiii, 
after the fashion of the Episcopal Church. That the Puritans 
would not tolerate. They arrested him and brought him to 
trial. Bespeiting this action of theirs, Governor Bradford said- 
"All the world knew they came hither to enjoy the liberty of 
their conscience and the free use of God's ordinances; and for 
that end had ventured their lives and passed through so much 



-'7!a ''^*** ^^ welcome they spread before their friends was 
' a lobster, or a bit of fish without bread, and a cup of 
water. To deprive an Englishman of that period, when tea 
and coffee were unknown in Europe, of his beer, was to 
reduce him to a condition next to starvation; but the want of 
"a spoonful of beer," even for the sick, is recorded as most 
sorely felt. It was not counted as among the least of their 
trials, that a cup of fair water was the only drink. When 
the search was made along the shores of Plymouth Bay for a 
fitting place for a settlement, one of the reasons given for the 
hasty decision was that: "We could not now take time for 
further search or consideration, our victuals being much spent, 
especially our beer. ' ' 



hardship hitherto, and they and their friends had borne the 
charge of those beginnings which were not small." 

Syford again played the hypocrite; he humbly and publicly 
confessed in the church, with many tears, the wrongs he had 
done. Oldham and he were sentenced to be banished. Not- 
withstanding his confession, Syford wrote secretly again to 
England repeating his former accusations and tried to make 
all the mi.schief he could. But Winslow, a leading Puritan, 
happened to be in London at the time, and he proved by good 
witnesses what a scoundrel this Syford was. Though pro- 
fessing to be a minister of Christ, he was proved an adulterer 
and seducer. 

The Puritans had the same sort of people fighting them as 
the Latter-day Saints now have. Syford is just the sort; of 
creature, were he living now, that we should expect would 
fight the Latter-day Saints and write all manner of charges to 
the people of the East and to the Government about them. 

Oldham would not stay banished. He came back to 
Plymouth after a few months, and was very defiant. They 
lost their patience with him, and Governor Bradford says: 

"They committed him till he was tamer, and then appointed 
a guard of musketeers which he was to pass through and every 
ons was ordered to give him a thump on the breech, with the 
butt end of his musket. He was then conveyed to the water 
side, where a boat was ready to carry him away. Then they 
bid him go and mend his manners. ' ' 

If every one who came to these valleys and acted as Oldham 
did at Plymouth were to receive "thumps on the breech" from 
the butt ends of the people's muskets, what a howl would be 
raised! It would be heard all over the land, even as far as 
Washington. 



THOSE old Puritans would make people behave themselves. 
Adultery they very |>roperly punished with death. If a 
man got drunk he was held to be disorderly and fined for a 
breach of the peace. A sportsman who went a gunning on 
Sunday was whipped. A quack who pretended to cure the 
scurvy with some kind of water, for which he charged a big 
price, was fined five pounds — a large sum in those days — and 
he was warned against any such practice in the future. One 
person made improper reflection>s upon the government and 
the church at Salem, and his ears were cut oflF. If such a law 
were enforced in Salt Lake City, there would be some men who 
would want their hair to grow long; they would want to hide 
the places where their ears had been'. 

The truth was these men had come into the wilderness to 
secure religious liberty for themselves, and not for any body 
else. They made no pretensions that they had secured liberty 
f(ir every body. They thought their church the true one, and 
their practices to be projier. They, therefore, declared that no 
man should be admitted to the body politic who was not a 
member of the church. To be a citizen a man had to be pious, 
and to be pious he had to be a member of the church. Of 
course no man could become a church member without the 
permission of the ministers. They were all-powerful. They 
admitted whom they pleased: they refused admission to and 
expelled whom they pleased. For one hundred and fifty years 
in New England the minister of a parish was looked up to 
with almost as much reverence as Catholics yield to the pope. 
The people had fled from church tyranny in Old England, and 
they believed their only safety lay in having a close church 
corporation of their own in New England. They were resolved 
that the adversary should gain no foothold, if they could help 
it, either in the church or in the state, Koger Williams wa 




gi^- 






j-tt^:b2i<txXj:e iirsTie/TJorrojE^. 



19 




a prominent man among them at one time. He did not believe 
it right to meddle with any man's consience or religious 
opinions. Because of this he was banished. He fled, and 
became the founder of the colony of Rhode Island. 



The story i.s told of these Puritans that one of them, a 
shoemaker, killed an Indian, because he was a heathen and an 
infidel. The Indians were greatly excited, and to save a war, 
the whites had to punish the criminal. But he was a shoe- 
maker, the only one they had, and he could not be spared. 
There was an old weaver, however, who was bed-ridden. Him 
they could spare. As the story goes, he was hanged instead 
of the shoemaker. It was in allusion to this that Butler in 
Hudihras attempts to throw ridicule upon the Puritans in the 
following lines: 

"But they maturely haying weighed. 
They had no more but him of a trade, 
A man that served them in a double 
Capacity, to teach and cobble, 
Keso]ved to spare him; yet to do 
The Indian Hoghgan Mughgan, too, 
Impartial .iustice, in his stead did 
Hang an old weaver that was bed-rid " 

This story is said to be untrue by the friends of the Puritans. 
But we suppose it is true that in a settlement, made by men 
who were not Puritans, it was proposed to hang an old, sickly, 
decrepit man in place of a young, strongman. Probably the 
old man escaped the hanging only because they thought they 
could not deceive the Indians. 



WE are always pleased to see our young people manifest a 
taste for theme writing. We have extended many invita- 
tions to our readers to contribute to our columns; but though 
many of them possess natural ability of a very high order for 
literary pursuits, they have been very backward about availing 
themselves of the offer. It is very important that young Latter- 
day Saints should practice writing for the press. The time is not 
far distant when the Saints will wield a mighty power in the 
world through the medium of the press. Our boys, and girls 
too, .should now be fjualitying themselves for this labor. Practice 
only is required on their part to show to the world that ia 
brightness and strength of intellect they are not surpassed by 
the young peojile of any other community. 

We are pleased to notice that more attention is being paid 
to this subject in some of our schools. Brother Karl G. Maeser, 
principal of the B. Y. Academy, of Provo, has not only given 
his students special training in this line, but has urged the 
importance of it in public wherever he has traveled. A.s a re- 
sult we have received two articles i'rom one of his students (one 
of which we publish in this member), upon scientific subjects, 
which are very creditable, considering the youth of the author. 



w 



^Vj have on hand a full stock of Sunday school supplies in 
the shape of (Ihurib publieations. Bibles, Testaincnis, 
.Music Books and Cards published hy the Hcserct .•Sunday School 
Union, and iin|iorl(d reward cards an<l i)ri/.(!s. ^\'c intend to 
make the publishing of everything that Sunday schools ici|uire 
a specialty. Much that i.s publi.shod in other parts of the world 
for Sunday schools is not suitable for Ti itter day Saint childnn 
on account of the S(H;tarian ideas conveyed therein, but until 
wecan supply th; doni ind l)y wor'js of our own imblii'itioii wo 
shall continue to import such as we think inosi suilahle IViun 
abroad. If superintendents and oth<'r.^ will call at our (ifli<o — 
one blockand a half west of Tabernacle — or .send us their orders 
, . wc will supply them at the lowest possible rates. 



SOIElTTIIFia IDI.A.XjOCS-XJE. 



BY .1. L. BARFOOT. 



BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

PUPIL. — Since our las'„ conversation I have seen in the 
Deseret Neics some allusion to a "pyramidal religion" 
being taught; and that the various passages and proportions 
of the pyramid have a prophetic meaning. 

Preceptor. — Yes; it is wonderful how much has been 
discovered relating to that remarkable building. Those papers 
should be carefully preserved for future reference. Events 
now transpiring will be seen to be the fulfillment of prophecy; 
and the deep meaning of obscure predictions will be gradually 
made apparent. 

Pupil. — It is said that the builders of the pyramid were 
divinely inspired; that possibly Melchizedek himself was the 
designer, and that he was probably a supernatural or angelic 
personage. 

Preceptor. — There is a tendency for men to run toextremes 
in reasoning about heavenly messengers and divine inspiration. 
They will readily believe there wore such beings and influences 
in the remote past, butdenythat such things have any existence 
now. We may believe the startling truths made known 
by the records of the pyramid, revealing the future history 
of this earth, as made manifest in the various dispensations, 
and that it is equally necessary for a great superintending intelli- 
gent Being to carry out those things that were predicted. If 
this "pyramidal religion" should result in the human family 
believing in ( iod as the Creator of this earth, and our Father 
who is in heaven, it would be a glorious discovery to make; 
but this the generality of men are not prepared to admit. I 
directed your attention to the fact that exactly four thousand 
years after the building of this pyramid the foundation of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was laid. Now, 
although such an event as this, which occurred in 1830, had 
been predicted by inspired men, and recorded in the scriptures; 
although all the religious portion of mankind were on the tip-toe 
of expectation, awaiting such an event; although men learned 
in the prophecies had declared the time at hand when the 
reign of righteousness should commence, how few could believe 
that angels have come to the earth now! When men went 
forth and declared to the world that God had spoken from the 
heavens and revealed the everlasting gospel in our day, how 
few believed it ! Yet such an event was necessary, if the 
revelations of Jesus Christ and of His servants are to be 
realized, and if this fair earth on which we dwell is to be made 
to answer the purpose of its creation: "that the will of God 
may be done upon the earth as it is in the heavens." 

Pi;piL. — It seems that there is a mysterious connection 
between the measurement of length and time. The pyramid, 
nr sacred cubit, appears to be a common standard of measure- 
ment for both. 

I'hkcki'Tor.— Time and space have no doubt a common 
measure. Pendulums of e(iual length oscillate in ccpial 
times, in places where the earth's motion i.s the .same. The 
length of the earth's axis was known to these pyramid builders, 
and the times of motion also. They were thus enabled to 
measure all the other heavenly bodies of this system, and to 
determine their times. This is one universe. All its parts 
ar(! obedient to law and in harmony with each other. The 
liarts of the pyramid arc in proportion to the same unit of 
mca.sureinent by which this sy.stcm of the heavens is formed 
and governed. Thus, one part being known with certainty 



-•Qi*, 






20 



J Ti ^ 'Eii<4 1 x^ js r:]^TSTK."C^C!TOI^/ 



d' 



(the earth's axis, for instance) all other parts could be deter- 
mined. Joseph Sm"th probably knew nothing of the har- 
monic relation of the cubit to time, or of the mathematics 
involved in the proposition, ''Celestial time signifies one day to 
a cubit." But the desiijaersof the pyramid knew these things, 
and these were made known to Abraham as they are to us by 
the spirit of prophecy. 



l^iDQra^ltg, 



vJOSSFXT Sls/LTTTI , THE 



(^ContinueiJ.) 



H 



YRT'.M called a company to go unto Joseph's assistance 
and see that he had his rights. Upward of three hundred 
' men volunteered, from whom such as were wanted were selected- 
Generals Wilson Law and Charles C. Rich started the same 
evening with a company of about one hundred and seventy- 
five men on horseback. William Law, one of Joseph's couni-el- 
ors, went with the company. Wilson Law dec'ared that he 
would not stir a step unless he could have money to bear his 
expenses. Presic'ent Brighani Young said the money should 
be forthcoming, although he did not know at the time where 
Le could raise a <lo!lar. In about two hours he had borrowed 
seven hundred dollars, and put the money in the hands of 
TTjTum Snjith and AVilson Liw. Besides this company which 
went by land, al out seventy-five, with ?]lder John Taylor,sailed 
on the Maid of Iowa — a little steamboat of which Joseph was 
part owner and Brother Pan Jones was the captain. They 
went down the Mississippi to the mouth of the lUinc is river, 
and then sailed up that river. This was for the purpose of 
examining the steamboat^, thinking that Joseph might be a 
prisoner on one of them. AVe will leave these comiianies to 
pursue their journey wiiile we return to Joseph. 

You will reoollect that when it was found that Judge Caton 
had gone to \ew York the company returned to Pixon. The 
writ of lidheas critus was then returnecl. endorsed thcron, 
''Judge absent," and another writ nfli'thr.iis corpus was issued 
by the Master in Chancery, and was worded, at Co'onel Mark- 
ham's rcipicst, "Beturnable liefore the nearest tribunal in the 
Fifth Judicial District authorized to hear and determine writs of 
habeas corptis;'' and the Sheriff of Lee County .served it upon 
I'eynolds and Wilson immediately. Joseph and his friends 
and lawyers he'd a ciuDc-ii and arranged to eo before Judge 
Stephen A. ]>ouglas. at (^uincy, a di-tance of about two hun- 
dred and sixty miles, .Foseph employed a person to convey 
them in a stat'c coach on their journey towards Q lincy. 

They started from Dixon on the lioth of June, and traveled 
about forty miles. The next day .Joseph reipicstcd the privi- 
lege of riding on horseback; but Reynolds refused him. The 
sheriff and one of the lawyers persuaded him to let Joseph 
exchange seats with Mr. Cvru'* FI. Walker, and ride with the 
latter's son-in-law, Mr. ^fontgomery, in the buggy. Shortlj' 
afterwards they met two of the brethren from Nauvoo — Peter 
W. Conover and AVilliam S. Cutler. Joseph could not refra'n 
from .shedding fears at seeing these friends who had come to 
meet him. He said to Mr. Montgomery: "lam not going to 
(\ Mi.ssouri this time. These are my boys." 



While they were talking several other brethreu rode up, 
lioing in advance of the main lodv', and at the same time, 
the company who started with Jos( ph from Dixon joined them. 
Joseph said to Reynolds, "Now, Reynolds, I can have the 
]irivilege of riding old Joe Duncan.'" This was one of 
Joseph's favorite hor.«e«; Brother William Clayton had rode 
I'.im from Nauvoo. At the appearance of these brethren Rey- 
nolds and Wilson were seized with trembling. Brother Con- 
over was acquainted with Wilson, and he asked him what the 
matter was, and whether he bad the a^ue. Reynolds wanted 
to know whether Jem Flack was in the crowd. He was told 
that he was not then, but that he would sec him tomorrow 
about this time. "Then," said Reynolds, "I am a d^ad man; 
for I know him of old. " Conover told him not to be fright- 
ened, for he would not be hurt. But he still stood trembling 
like an aspen leaf. Brother Markham walked up to him and 
shook hands with him. Reynolds wanted to know if he met 
him as a friend. Brother jMarkham replied that they were 
friends except in law; that must have its course. 

They stojiped at Andover for the night. In the evening 
Reynolds, Wilson and the landloid were overheard by Brother 
Markham consulting together about sending out to raise a com- 
pany to take him by force, and run with him to the mouth of 
Rock River, on the ^Nlississippi, ns there was a compaiiij of men 
ready to kidnap him ovrr the river. Brother Markham told 
the sheriff of Lee County what ho bad heard, and he immedi- 
ately placed a guard, so that no one might pass in or out of the 
hou.se during the night. After leaving Andover they went to 
the head of Elleston Creek. Reynolds wanted to go from 
there to the mouth of Rock River and take steamboat to 
Quincy. But Brother iMarkham said, no; for they were pre- 
pared to travel and would go on land. Wilson and Reynolds 
swore by the Lord that they would never go to Nauvoo alive, 
and drew their pistols on Brother JMarkham. He turned to 
Sheriff Campbell, and said, "when these men took Joseph a 
prisoner, they took bis arms from him, even to his pocket 
knife. They are now prisoners of yours, and I demand of you 
to take theirarms from them, for that is according to law." 

They refused to give them up. The sheriff was then told 
that if he could not take the arms from them, that there were 
men enough there, and he could summon a posse to do it; for 
if was plain to be seen that they wore dangerous men. They 
then reluctantly gave up their arms to the .sheriff. That night 
the company stopped at a farm house. While Brother P. W. 
Conover was outside of the house Reynolds and Wilson came 
out with the son of the landlord. They talked for .some time, 
and came to the conclusion to take the carriage horses, go to 
Monmouth, rai.se a mob, and come to the farm house in the 
night, seize Joseph, and carry him to the Mississippi river. 
They had astejimboat in readiness at the mouth of Rock River, 
on which they could carry him to Mis.souri. After they had com- 
pleted their plan they went towards the stable. Brother Con- 
over had heard all they said without being seen by them. He 
went into the house and told Joseph what had passed. Joseph 
consulted with Mr. Walker, Sheriff Campbell and the landlord 
and the sheriff took Reynolds and Wilson into custody, and put 
them in the upper room, under guard. When the landlord was 
fold of the attempt to get his son into difficulty, he put a stop 
to his proceedings at once. 

The next day, the iJ'.ith, the company of brethren, with Wil- 
son and William Law, nict Joseph, and they were all delighted 
to see him. They had rode very hard, and scoured the country 
in the direction where they expected to meet him. Those on 
the best horses had pushed ahead, and they met him first. 
To be Continued. 





^rHUDTIHiE. Ll<T&T:Eb-U aTGTt 



SI 




V EIST lOE, 



WE here present to our readers a view of the ancient and 
renowned city of Ven'ce, or, as Byron has it, "Btautiful 
Venice." It is one of ihe nobltst, most famous and >ingular 
cities in the world. 

It is built upon a cluster of islets in a lagoon of the same 
name, and is situated on the north- west border of the Adriatic 
Sea, twenty-three n.i!es east of the city of Padua, by the 



make use of the water passages, where the gondolas, or small 
boa's for passengers, are continually passing and repassing, a 
small charge being made for each trip. 

'• hi-< city has been known for many hundreds of years by 
all the different nations of Europe and Africa who have had a 
hand in trade and commerce on the coasts of those continents. 

The present population of A'enice numbers nearly 130,000. 
lis chief manufactures are glass wares, magnificent mirrors, 
artificial i earls, gems, colored beads, etc., which 'employ 




lo 



Mil.in .-iiid ^'cnice Rai'way. The la;.'ooii is )i;iiikcd nil' fnnii 
the Adriatic by a lotij.', narrow sund-haiik, strctchiiij: iKirih- 
we.st from the mouth of the river Piuve to that of the Adigc, 
and is separated by six »ea passages into a series of small 
i-lands, which number between seveiily and eighty. 

The churclies, public and piivute man-iiitis, piilacrcs and 
dwellings arc built upon i)iies, driven into the soft earth. The 
different islands are connc(;ied by numerous l)ridv'i'>; bu(, as 
there is very little of the laud unoccui)ied, the people have to 



nearly .'1,1100 people. A i'vw of the iieople are cmployod'in 
the manura<'ture nf gold and silver chains and l;ices, silks, lacCS, 
velvets, soap, earthenware, w ix candles, etc., with some few in 
sugar ti fining and sliip building. 

The bridge of the Kialto, crossing Ihe Grand Canal, con- 
sists of one arch of ninty feet span, and the liight from the 
water is twenty-four and one-half IVet, the width is seventy- 
two feet, and the bridge is divided into three streets, the 
middle one twenty-one feet wide, having two rows of shops. 



.-^H 



^:; 




2S 



a"TJ"VE3SriXjE] IITSTI?.TJOTOI^. 




The "Bridge of Sighs" stretches across the canal called the 
Rio Palazzo, and has communication between the prison on 
the east and the doge's palace on the west bank of the 
canal. It is a covered gallery. Prisoners, when led to execu- 
tion passed from their cells across this gallery to the palace to 
hear sentence of death passed upon them, and were afterwards 
conducted to the scene of death, between the red columns. 

As far as is known, the first i-etllcrs upon these it-lauds were 
known by the name of Vcneti and Carui. They were traders 
in amber, etc., which they brought from the shores of the 
Baltic, and sold to the merchants of Phocuicia and Greece. 

T n(ier the Roman f^mpire they became rich, and had many 
ships, which carried on a veiy large trade wiih many of the 
surrounding nations of Europe and Africa. Bet-ides trading. 
they carried on an extensive fishery, and were also employed 
in the procuring of salt. 

The first form of government among them was republican, 
but they were afterwards under the reign of the doges, or 
dukes. The first who filled this ofiiee was Paolo Luca Anafesto, 
who had for his insignia of oflBee a crowc of gold and a scepter 
of ivory. Anafesto reigned from 607 to 717 of the Christian 
era, and during that time the people enjoyed much peace and 
prosperity. They obtained a strip of territory on the main- 
land from the king of the Lombards, by treaty. 

In 11 77 the Venetians, as prominent members of the league 
of Lombardy against the German emperor, won a splendid 
victory over the Ghibellines, headed by Otho, son of Frederic 
Barbaro.ssa, in defense of Pojie Alexander III., who had 
appealed for protection. Otho's ships numbered seventy five 
sail, and the Venetians had only thirty-four. This led the 
Iiope to show his gratitude by presenting a ring to the doge, 
Ziani, with which he commanded him to wed the Adriatic, 
that posterity might know that the sea was subject to Venice, 
as a bride is to her husband. It is recorded that in this year 
the pompous ceremony of the "marriage" was performed. 

William Shakspere, the great dramatic writer and poet, has 
immortalized this renowned city by his "Merchant of A''enice." 

In scanning the history of A'enice one thing is plainly to be 
seen, and from which we can learn a very u.seful le.sson. As 
long as the people confined their operations to trade and com- 
merce and the encouragement of the arts of peace, greit 
prosperity was their portion; but as soon as they began to 
allow themselves to be mixed up with the diSerent war-like 
nations, and aided them by their riches, thev became a prey 
to many evils attending those who made a business of acquir- 
ing wealth by conquering other nations, and which brought 
them, step by step, under the grinding heel of despotic 
tyrants and conquerors. 

The people of Venice are at the present time subject to the 
king of Italy. They are immensely reduced in circumstances, 
being entirely shorn of political powers and influences, verify- 
ing the adige that "Honesty is the best policy." 



Tiif.hk is a caterpillar in South .\inerica that is rather par- 
ticular about the houi^e he builds, in which to go through the 
I'hang? which makes him into a moth. When he gets ready to 
build, he selects a leaf at the outside edge of a branch, so the 
cradle will be sure to .-wing clear of other leaves, and from the 
tip end of this leaf he spins a cord of silk, very strong. At 
the end of this cord, which is six inches long, he weaves an 
open-work net, of ro.se-soloicd or buflT filk, about as large as a 
sparrow's egg, with a door at eich end. and himself shut up 
jnside. Here he swings in the breeze, safe from birds and 
other enemies, till the time comes for him to float off on wings. 



^Iia^tcr fov^ the ||iltlc ^nt§. 



^^ R K A N D P L A T. 



Boys and girls like to play. And they 
should like to work al-so. It is good for 
chil-dren to play a great deal, but not all 
of the time. They should learn to do a 
great man-y kinds of work, as soon as they 
are old e-nough. In do-ing this they help 
their fa-thers and moth-ers to do what 
must be done in and a-bout their homes. 
And they are al-so grow-ing in-to hab-its 
of use-ful-ness, which are very good for 
them to learn. 

To help our-selves is much bet-ter than 
hav-ing ev-er-y thing done for us by some 
one else. And to do what we can do well, 
is bet-ter than do-ing work in such a way 
that it must be done o-ver a-gain. Chil- 
dren who work well are apt to play well 
too, for they are smart and bright, and can 
en-joy good, health-y sport. 

I know two lit-tle girls a-bout the same 
age. They are cous-ins, and live near each 
oth-er. I have been in both houses, and 
will tell you a-bout each of these lit-tle 
girls. One is al-ways on hand to help her 
mam-ma. She will rock the ba-by, or shake 
his rat-tie to please him and keep him 
still; an-swer a knock at the door; hang 
up her lit-tle sis-ter's cape and bon-net, 
and show her the pic-tures and tell her 
the let-ters in their lit-tle books. She will 
al-so brush up the hearth and dust the 
chairs ver-y nice-ly. And to wi\tch her 
play is a great pleas-ure. For ev-en when 
she romps and laughs, she is gen-tle and 
care-ful, and does not make a great noise, 
or act as if she would hurt the oth-er chil- 
dren by her rough ways. 

The oth-er lit-tle girl is nev-er read-y to 
do what her mani-ma asks her to do, bc- 



.~o 




Xi 






vTTJ'T'EJISriLE! IltTSTJE^/TJOTOI^ 



S3 




cause she has not done what she was 
asked to do be-fore. She does not seem 
to like work. And she does not seem to 
en-joy play ei-ther. If you see her try to 
play with the oth-er chil-dren, you will 
think she feels un-pleas-ant, for she looks 
and acts un-pleas-ant-ly. It is be-cause she 
has not done what she was asked to do to 
help her mam-ma, and she does not feel 
that she has a right to en-joy play. 

Xow chil-dren an-y of you would like 
best to be like the lit-tle girl I told you 
a-bout first. And yon can all be like her 
if you try. Lula. 



O^K.BOITIG J^GTID. 



BY GEO. Q. COEAY. 



A' 



LL organic matter contains carbon, and it is this element 
that makes wood and coal so valuable for fuel. Carbon, 
when ignited in the open air, takes from the atmosphere two 
atoms of ox5-gen for every atom of carbon, and, uniting with 
it, passes off as a colorless, odorless gas, called carbonic acid. 
It matters not what other elements are in combination with 
carbon, or how small its proportion in the combustible com- 
pound, the result of combustion, as far as it is concerned, is the 
same. 

The young inquirer, as he gazes into tho blazing fire, sees the 
beautiful phenomenon of combustion the cause of which he 
may not understand, though he may be sufficiently advanced 
in chemical knowledge to realize that a cause exists. This we 
will endeavor to show. 

AVhen a handful of .shavings is placed in the stove, and on 
the top of those the si)linters, or fine wood, so as to allow a 
draught of air to pass through them, they are easily ignited. 
To procure a light, matches are used. The phosphorus with 
which they are coated, ignites at a very low temperature, by a 
slight friction. The match is then applied to the shavings^ 
which, being thin, arc <iuick!y envelojied by the flame, the heat 
of which is sufficient to raise the temperature of the wood to 
igniting point. 

The chemical reaction is as follows: common fire wood and 
stone coal are comi)082d principally of carbon and hydrogen. 
The latter being liberated, rises in the form of a gas, which takes 
fire. As the temperature increases, fine particles of carbon are 
carried up, and as they float about in the burning hydrogen, 
are hea ted to a white heat, causing a brilliant white flame. In 
this state the c.irbon is oxj-dized and passes off as carbonic acid, 
while the hydrogen, at the .same time, combines with oxygon 
and rises as watery vapor, whirih sometimes can be seen con- 
densed on the cold surface of the chimney-glass. 

Although corbonic acid gas is poisonous when breathed into 

the lungs, in combination with soda, jiolash, and various otlier 

substances, it is of great service to the human family. The 

raising of liop yeast, soda, yeast powder, salt rising, anil, infail 

\ alllkinds of light bread i.sduetothe formation and liberation of 

if/. 



carbonic acid during fermentation. The effervescence of soda 
water, beer, and fermented liquors is caused by this gas. Beer 
also owes its agreeable qualities as a beverage to the presence of 
this gas, which is generated in the liquor, and which, on 
exposure to the atmosphere, rises to the surface with a brisk 
effervescence. 

Carbonic acid, when taken info the stomach, is considered 
beneficial, as it aids digestion; but it is extremely poisonous 
when inhaled into the lungs. Even in small quantities, its 
effect is to induce sleep and stupor, from which, if not relieved 
in most cases death results. Carbonic acid is one of the 
products of the animal organism and is constantly given off 
from the lungs in the process of expiration, its ill effects 
being produced only by inhaling it. 

It is for this reason that all meeting houses and places of 
gathering should be well ventilated. Great care should also 
betaken in the airing of sleeping apartments and beds, that 
the poisonous gas that has accumulated during the night may 
be removed. Small rooms should be ventilated as much as the 
weather will admit during sleeping hours, a cold atmosphere 
being far less injurious to the system thuu one warmed by the 
poisonous breath. 

A striking illustration of this fact was recently published in 
the case of Mrs. Miller, of this city. It seems that she had 
taken a pan of burning stone coal into her bedroom for the 
purpose of warming the room. 

The carbonic acid from the coal, together with the breath 
from several persons who were in the room, soon poisoned the 
air, and death was the result. 

There is also another combination of carbon and oxygen 
which is more poisonous than carbonic acid. It is called car- 
bonic oxyde. It results from the burning of stone coal when 
the supply of ozygen is not sufficient for the proper combustion 
of the coal, and it is probable that the inhaling of this gas was 
one of the causes of the death of the unfortunate Mrs. Miller. 



ID. s. s. xjisrioiT i^EETiosra-. 



THE monthly meeting of the ]>eieret Sunday School Lnion 
held in the Theatre on the evening of the 5th instant was 
a very interesting one. We regret that lack of space prevents 
us from giving an extended notice of it. The building was 
crowded to excess, and many tried in vain to gain admission. 
The singing, which was furnished by the Union Glee Club and 
the 15th and 14th Ward Choirs, was most excellent, and formed 
a very agreeable part of the evening's exercises. The Sunday 
schools of Salt Lake Stake were all represented except about 
four. Elder ]■'. A. Mitchell, one of the four missionaries to the 
Sunday .schools of Salt I^ake Stake, reported his labors, and 
gave a favorable account of the schools visited. 

A scries of resolutions were proposed, .>-pokoii upon and 
carried unanimously. The 1st, "That we will endeavor to do 
better in the year IST9 than in the past," was spokon upon by 
I'rcsidcnt .los. E. Taylor, in a very appropriate manner. The 
I2nd resolution, "That we will be united in attending Ward 
meetings, and observe punctuality, .sobriety, and family 
jirayer," was spoken ujion by I'resident A. M. Camion, who 
illustrated the .several points in it by examples from real life. 
The Hrd re.solution, ''That wc continue the use of the Juvkn- 
II, K iNsrni t'Tdit in our Sunday schools, and also the Musical 
Cards published b.\ the Deseret 8. S. Union," was spoken 
upon by Elder C. \V . I'ein-osc, in a very pointed ami forcible 
manner. Much valuable instruction was al.so given upiJii vari- 
ous subjects by SupeiintcMdi'nt (lodilaid. 




1*Z- 



^ 



Z4= 



Cr XJ ^ E IT I !_, El TI^STIS/TJOTOI^. 




O, IMIY Fj^TITEIE?.! 



Words by E. R. Snow. 
AHegrctto, 



Music by E. Stephens. 









1. 



mf 



O my 
For a 



Father, thmitbat dwellefrt In the liipb and gldrinii-; 
wise and glorious purpose Thi.u hast placed nie tiere on 

-0 -m ^ r > fc h ^ 



plao-i W Icii shiill 1 re -gain thy 
ei.rtli, Ai d willi -held the re - col- 



:^-5=»-^=qr»if _* * • 






--<0 — 1— *- "»■*'.- 



-»«— 3 




presence, And a - gain be - hold tljy 
lec-tion Of my for - mer friends and 

1 I 



— „n 



yr^: 



fe-3-t-it: 






fa ce'' 
hirth; 



In thj' iKi 

Yet ott - limes 



:d:z:=iMrz5: 

ly hah - 1 









iifc 



til - tion, Did my 
cret something "Whispered 

— «- — •^ — ,— « 1> — m — ,— — — + 



f J- 



^: 



*Z*EE:-E*SSH»ZS3E3=iEEBE53=3-SZsZS££3E£=:=«*£E£ 

•= — *= — ^ — g-+-ia — '^— zzz.-rtziH=tz:=B=:gx^tf zdzi^— p— 1» — jg-H-! 1 ^ — j; 



spir - It 
You're ii 



once re 
stranger 



/ 

cr^— z,Nz 
-' ?- 

side' In mj 
here; And 



,=-J^I^3 



rprppi: 



ffrii: 



js---! 






first, pri-me- val 
felt tijat I had 



rInUlli 



- _— 1 — m a^ — ^ 1- 



ihood, 
wandered 



-ff-_:f: 



itzi 



Was 1 nuiiurert near thy 

From a more ex - alt - ed 



side? 
sphere. 






I had learned to call thee Father, 

Through thy Spirit from on high; 
But, until the Key of Knowledge 

Was restored, I knew not why. 
In the heavens are parents single? 

No, the thought makes reason stare! 
Truth is reason; truth eternal 

Tells me, I've a mother there. 



When I leave this frail existence. 

When I la.y this mortal by. 
Father, mother, maj' I meet you< 

Tn your royal court on high? 
Then, at length, when I've complclec 

All you sent me forth to do. 
With your mutual approbation 

Let nic come and dwell with you. 



EZ<ria-:yc^- 



I'm first in the alehouse, and thi.-d a' the dram; 

In 'midst of the breakfast, dividing the ham; 

I'm first in the army, and second in buttle; 

Unknown to the child, I'm found in his rattle; 

I'm found in all waters— but never in wells; 

I'm mixed up with witchcraft, yet never in spells; 

On lassies and ladies I wait all their lives, 

I5ut quit thern the moment they call themselves wives; 

Tho' strange contradictions in talcs may be carried. 

Where virtue prevails I am found with the married. 

With the grave and the gay 1 number my days, 

I mix in their prayers, and I join in their praise; 

I'm never in liquor— but once in the year, 

Then with statesmen, and gamblers, and rakes I appear; 

I'm not in this world, I'm not in the next. 

But, in the old saying, "between and betwixt;" 

I mount with the atmosphere, taking the lead; 

I visit the grave, and am found with the dead. 

I'm ancient as Noah — was first in the ark; 

Unseen in the light— yet I shine in the dark. 

I shall last with tho earth, and with nature and man; 

I was sketched with the draft, and was found in the i)lan. 

When nature and earth from existence are driyin. 

The angels will guard me eternal in heaven. 



The answer to the Charade published in No. 24 Vol. 13, is 
MoTllEii. We have receiveil correct solution.^ from Jno. 
Walton, Isabella Walton, Mill Creek; Hattic Clough, Cuhoes, 
New York; Soren Jaeobi-on, Bountilul; Mary F. Jefferies 
Cirantsville; Lizzie Culler, .Mary Cooper, West Jordan; Josiah 
Burrows, H. J. Wallace, W. E. Wallace, P. J. W. Ilculett, 
Joseph H. Kel.<oa, Willie O. Crabbe, Salt Lake City. 



We appreciate i.o pleasures unless we are occasionally 
deprived to them. Restraint is the golden rule of enjoyment. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIKST AND FtFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



6t:3ROE e. CANNON. 



EDITOF. 



A Nor from a lord is a breakfast for a fool. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
SinffJe Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by 5Iail, Out.sidc of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 
^^-Offlce, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks Was 
^ of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 



J9 



»^- 




