
"BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



=«Sa-'aSr- 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 15, 18G7. 



NO. 10. 



THE :FK/IE2sriDSH:iI= OIF CrOITJ^THJ^lsr .^IsTID IDJ^'V'IID. 



A GREAT thinker once wrote, "A good man is the best 
friend, and therefore soonest to be cliosen, longest to be 
retained, and indeed never to be parted with, unless he ceases 
to be that for which he was chosen," — that is to say unless he 
ceases to be a good man. 

Our friends have helped to make us all what we are, and will 
yet assist to make us what we shall be in the future; for the 
snule or frown of our friend, 
his good or bad advice, his en- 
couragement or reproach, his 
approval or reproof has its in- 
fluence on all our hves for good 
or evil, to an extent we are 
scared}' any of us aware. This 
is the reason tlie Juvenile 
Instructor strives to impress 
on its little rwiders the care tliey 
should take iii forming their 
friendships with only good, 
honest, upright boys and girls. 
For if they make companii;ins 
of those who swear, or lie (jr 
steal, they are likely to be led 
by them to do the same tilings 
themselves. We hojie all the 
JuVENII,E.S will accept us as 
one of their good friends, one 
who will try to teach them 
nothing but what is good and 
right, and who, we can a.ssure 
them, feels a deep interest in 
their welfare and happiness. 

Having said so much on the 
value of the friendship of the f/^> ,,- . x ^ 

giMd, we will try to chat some ^'!^'^^*'^^^^^f;^\'^'^ 
little on the subject we have 
chosen to-day — the friend.sliip 
of Pavid and .Jonathan, the son 
of Saul, king of Isarcl. 

From all we read of .Jonathan in the Bible, we arc bound to 
think that lie was well wurtliy of bi'ing a friend to llu! youthful 
David. He was kind, wise, ami brave; he fstecnicd liis word 
and his friendsliij) more than his life. He loved David as he 
loved liis own soul, and llavid loved him ardiiitly in return. 
'I'lieir delight was to be with each other, to talk of ihi'ir love 
and fri(;Md>hiji, and think of what good they cmild do to jirovc 
liow deejily tliey fi'lt for eaeli other's welfare. 'I'hen they woi.Id 
cuvcuant tiigether, uud promijic to faithfully guard one. inothcr'b 




•UUa* 



interests, and the interests of their children, to the latest day 
of their lives. One day Jonathan to prove his love stripped 
himself of his princely robes, his cloak, his sword, his bow and 
arrows and placed them upon David — who was now no longer a 
sheiihcrd lioy but a captain of the hosts of Israel, which high 
rank he had gained by his valor in overthrowing the hosts of 
the Fhilistiues. We presume it is this covenant that is repre- 
sented in our engraving, as one 
of the figures ai)pears to have 
much less clothing on than is 
usual for men to wear, and wo 
do not suppo.so that either Da- 
vid or Jonathan was in the 
habit of going from place to 
place with only half of their 
bo lies covered from the heat of 
summer, or protected from the 
cold of winter. 

Their love had its trials and 
its tests. They were not long 
permitted to remain together. 
The sullen envy of Saul, .Jona- 
than's father, towards David 
increased day by day. lie 
urged on his sons, on his cour- 
tiers and generals to kill the 
young warrior. But David was 
the beloved of all Israel. Tlicy 
knew that the Lord their tiod 
was with him. They loved to 
admire his beautiful form 
and face; with pride they re- 
counted his noble deeds, his 
valor on the field of battle, his 
goodness to his friends, t^o no 
harm happened to him, and by 
the iiilrecession of .Joiialbaii 
the king for a .short time re-ad- 
niitted him into liis iiivor. 
This favor was, however, short lived. Saul soon grew more jeal- 
ous than before, and became more anxious than ever to destroy 
the man who above all others had been faithful to him and the 
people over whom he had been anointed king. Jonathan, who 
fancied his father had entirely thrown asidi: his old enmity, 
would .scarcely credit David when he inl'cirmed him of how the 
king was plotting his destruction. Surely, thought he, my 
lather woulil not hide his intentions from me, and while h<^ 
was willing that David should hide him.sulf to aviiid the kiiiu-'s 






3^- 



•^^ 




6^" 



74 



cr T7 ^ E n:Nr 1 1_. E ih^sti^tjctoi^. 



^q 






anger, he determined to once more plead his friend's virtues in 
his father's ear, and learn the -nhole truth. He promised 
David at the same time to let him know the result of his 
inquiries, and bj' a device of shooting his arrows at a certain 
mark let him know if he bore good or evil tidings to him. 
Jonathan kept his promise; but it noarb' cost him his life. Eor 
Saul, not content with using foul words towards his son. threw 
a spear at him, with the intention of killing him on the spot, 
Jonathan, however, escajied unhurt; but full of sorrow and 
grief at th;_^ cour.e he saw his father was determined on. With 
these feelings he met David for the last time, and long and 
soiTowful was their parting. They wept in each other's anus, 
again and again covenanted to never forget their friendship. 
David promised to care for the children of Jonathan, should 
anything hapjien to their father. They recalled to memory 
their past joyfid companionship, and scarcely dared hope for 
the return of such happy days. David's grief grew beyond all 
bounds; but they dared not to staj- together long, for fear 
of being watched. Then Jonathan returned into Jerusalem 
and David fled to Crath, a city of the Philistines, each 
consumed with grief and fears for his friend — as we are told 
they loved each other more than they loved their own souls. 

Another war shortly afterwards broke out between the 
Philistines and the Israelites, Saul once more led his armies 
to battle — they fought, were eonrjuored and fled. The flower of 
the armies of the house of Jacob fell beneath the swords of the 
Philistines. Jonathan amongst the rest laid down his life 
defending his country and his home. His brothers were slain 
by his side; and Saul, bereft of the spirit of Clod through his 
evil deeds, in agony and fear, wounded and faint, pressed 
behind by his enemies, threw himself on liis Own sword and 
died near his sons to prevent his falling into the hands of his 
enemies. Thus ended the lives of Saul and Jonathan, Then 
David reigned king over all Israel and Judah. 



on^TE OIF :b j^sizr 



s 



''TTE'S the sweetest thing alive,'' .-^aid Nelly, as .she stooped 
XI over the cradle, and kissed her baby brother; ''and 

I do love him so! What makes him so sweet, mamma'?' 
"Ilis purity and innocence. There is nothing in all this 

world so pure and innocent as a baby," answered Nelly's 

mother, 

'■Wa.sn't God verv good to let us have him?'' asked the 

child, 

"Oh yes, and how thankful we should be." 

'"I am thankful, mamma. Last night, when I was .saying 

my prayers, I said 'Thank you. Lord, for baby,' and I said 

it again this morning. Do you lliiuk he heard me'/" 
'Tes; He surely did," 
"Then lie knows how much I love baby," 
"Yes; He knows all our tlioughts and feelings," 
"All of our bad thoughts as well as our good ones?'' 
"Yes, dear. He knows us better than we know ourselves," 
"I don't have any bad thoughts when I'm with baby'"' said 

Nelly, "And if I feel naughty, it's all gone when he comes 

in, Ob, he's so sweet! sweet! ,swect!" And .she bent over the 

cradle again, almost smothering the baby with kisses. 

"And he's so good and pure,'' added the mother, ''Now, 

shall I tell you how wc can best show our thankfulness to God 

fur .sending us the baliy?" 

Nelly looked up earnestly, and waited to hear. 

"We mu.st do all we can to keep him sweet, and pure, 

and good. AVe must be kind and gentle in all our ways with 

him. And as he grows older, we must be careful what wc say 



or do, tor we will be his teachers. What he hears us say, 
he will say; and what he .sees us do, he will do. Just think, 
darling, of his getting angry at the table, as you did this 
morning, and throwing his piece of bread on the floor." 

"Don't talk about that, mamma,' said Nelly, her face 
getting sober, and tears coming into her eyes. 

■'It is not to make you feel badly, dear, that I speak it," 
answered Nelly's mother. '"But, as you are one of baby's 
teachers, I nmst put you on your guard. How did he learn to 
kiss his hand?' 

"I kis.sed my hand to him ever so many times; and at last he 
could do it. And I taught him to squint up his eyes in such a 
funny way. See!" Nelly shut her eyes, and the baby, laughing 
and crowing, did the same, 

"See, Nelly dear, how fast he is beginning to learn from you. 
You have taught him to kiss his hand, and squint up his eyes, 
and do ever so many cunning little things. But don't if 
you love him, and want the good Lord who sent him to us, — 
that we might help him to live a good life in this world, and 
become exalted in heaven — to leave him in our care, teach him 
by word, or look, or example, anything that is wrong. If 
he hears you speak angrily, or sees you do naughty things, 
he will do the same; lor the little ones have everything to learn, 
and do just what they see us do. And so darling, if baby does 
not keep his sweetness and innocence while a bab^-, it will be our 
fault," 

"I wi=h I could always bo good,' said Nelly; ''but I'm 
afraid there is something bad in me, " And a shadow came 
over her little face, 

"There is something bad in us all," Nelly's mother replied, 
''But the Lord knows about it a great deal better than we do, 
and he is always trying to help us to be good. Now, one of the 
ways in which he helps us, is to lead us to help others. If we 
see that the bad in us hurts others, as well as ourselves — as the 
bad in you, if you let it come out, would hurt baby — then if we 
will try to conquer this bad: and while trying, ask the Lord to 
help us, lie will do so, and put good into our hearts in ]ilace of 
the bad.'' 

"Oh, mother, wOl he?" A light, like sunshine fell over 
Nelly's face, 

"lie will, darling!" 

"I'm so glad!" She spoke the words half to herself. Then 
taking baby's hand, softer than any velvet, she laid it against 
her cheek, and murnuu-ed — "I'll try to be good for }-our sake, 
sweetest!" 

After that, no mother could have asked for a better child 
than Nelly. ''I am one of baby's teachers," she would often 
say to herself, when tempted to do wrong, and then, for baby's 
sake, she would resist the wrong, often asking God to help her. 
And He did help her, as He helps every one who, earnestly 
trying to do right, prays to Him for strength; for He wants us 
to bo good, that we may be happy, and live with Him for ever 
in heaven, and so the moment we try to do right, lie, the 
AU-Powerful, comes quickly to our aid. — Stlcchd. 



J^ 



For (he Jiirciiile Jnf<{rurfoi\ 

ID I^ E ^^ Ivr J^1<T1D ITS 
IFTJXjIFILIvdIEIsrT. 



IN the early da_vs of the church, it was a great treat to an 
elder in his travels through the country to find a ''^lormon;" 
it was so with us. 'Wc were hardly in Arkansas when we heard 
of a family named Akeman. They were in Jackson county in 
the persecution. Some of the sons had been tied up there and 
whipi)ed on the bare back with hickoiy switches by the mob. 



b^^' 






i3 



Cr TJ -\r E IsT I L E IZiTSa?I^TJCTOI?.. 




We heard of their living on Petit Jean river, in the Arkansas 
Teiritorj". and we went a long way to visit them. 

There had recently been heavy rains, and a creek that we had 
to cross was swollen to a rapid stream of eight rods in width. 
There was no person living nearer than two miles from the 
crossing, and no boat. The peo]ilc living at the last house on 
the road, some three miles from the crossing, said we would 
have to tany till the water fell before we could cross. We did 
not stop, feeling to tru.st in God. Just as we arrived at the 
rolling flood a negro, on a powerful horse, entered the stream on 
the opposite side and rode through it. On our making our 
wants known to him, he took us, one at a time, biliind him and 
carried us safely over, and we went on our way rejoicing. 

We arrived that night within five miles of Mr. Akcman's, 
and were kindly entertained by a stranger. During the night I 
had the following dream: I thought an angel came to us, and 
told^ us we were commanded of the Lord to follow a certain 
straight path, which was pointed out to us, let it lead us wherc- 
ever it might. After we had walked in it a while we came to 
the door of a house, which was in the line of a high wall 
running north and south, so that we could not go around. 
I opened the door and saw the room was filled with large 
serpents, and I shuddered at the sight. My companion said he 
would not go into the room for fear of the .serpents. I told him 
I should try to go through the room though they killed mc, for 
the Lord had connnanded it. As I steiipcd into the room the 
serpents coiled themselves up, and raised their heads some two 
feet from the floor, to spring at nie. There was one much 
larger than the rest in the centre of the room, which raised his 
head nearly as high as mine and made a spring at me. At that 
instant I felt as though nothing but the power of God could 
.cave uie and I stood still. Just before the serpent reached mc 
he dropped dead at my feet; all the rest drojiiied dead, swelled 
Tip, turned black, burst open, took fire and were consumed 
before my eyes, and we went through the room unharmed and 
thanked God for our deliverance. 

I awoke in the morning and jioudored the dream in my mind. 
We took breakfast, and started on our journey on Sunday 
uiomiiig, to visit Mr. Akcinan. I related to my companion my 
dream, and told him we shoidd .see something strange. Vi'c 
had great anticii>ations of meeting Mr. Akeman. supposing him 
to be a member of the church. When we an-ivcd at his hou.se 
he received us very coldly, and we soon fmuid that he had 
apostatized: he brought railing accusaliims against the Book 
of Mormon and the authorities of the church. 

Word was .sent through all the settlements on the river for 
twenty miles that two ".Mormon iireachors" were in the place. 
A mob wa.s soon raised, and wanting sent to us to leave 
immediately or we would be tarred and feathered, ridden on a 
rail and hanged. I soon saw wliere the serpents were. My 
companion wanted to leave; I told hitu no, I would stay and 
see my dream fulfilled. 

Tiiere were an old gentleman and lady, named ITulihcl, who 
had read the IJook of Mormon and bclieve<l. I''alli(r llubbcl 
came to see us, and invited us to make our himie with him 
while we stayed in the place. We did .so, and labored fur liiia 
sfime thn'M weeks with our axes, clearing land, while we 
Were wailing to .see the hulvatiun of God. J was commanded of 
the Lord by the Holy Ghoiit to go and warn .Mr. Akeman 
to repent of his wickcdnc,«.«. I did so, and each time he nigcd 
again.st me, and tlic last time be onlercd me out of his house. 
When I went out he loll'jwecl me and was ver>' angr>'. AVlicn 
^^ he cauic u]> to me, about eiglit rods from the house, he full diad 
F r at my feet, turned bkck an«l ttwellcd up, a.s I Haw the iicr|)cutji 

r~ do in my dream. 
^Y^ His family, as well as ourselves, filt it was the juilgmeut of 

L- ^ Gcj<J uj>on liim. I preached hin funeral eennon. Many of the 

^%>^ : 



mob died suddenly. We stayed about two weeks after his 
death and preached, baptized Mr. Ilubbel and his wife, and 
then continued on our jounKV. W. W. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

I^EIMZinsriSOEZtTGES OIF- lATT 



M 



"JtotlKTl Oil gently brcallic th.at namol 

ll is ii Iioly pound, 
Nor in tlic gildi'd trump of fame 

Auotlicr sui'h is fouiui."' 

Y little readers have you a dear mother to love and care for 
you? Ah, envied privilcgel lie kind to her, be good to 
her, do everything in your power to make her comfortable and 
happy in this life and smooth her |iathway down to the grave. 
You can never know how you have been blessed to have had her 
spared to you. 

Many j-ears ago, when I was but a little child, mymother wa.s 
taken away from me, and I was left alone in the world. It is 
true I had a dear kind father; but oh. could he fill the place of 
that mother upon whose bre;ist my infant head was pilluwed, 
and uiion whom all my young and tender afTcctious were 
placed? 

Ah sad memory wherefore do you cling .so fondly to my 
heart! .She is gone, gone, my mother! and fain would my 
spirit's weary pinions soar to yon blest world, and rejoin her iu 
her bhssful domain. But it cannot be; a Uttle longer I must 
wait. 

As I sit here alone to-night by my window, my mind involun- 
tarily swcejis back over the long corridors of the past, each foot- 
step echoing mockingly the tread of that loved one the idol 
snatched by death's ruthless hand from my heart's shrine. In 
vain were our efiorts to keep her. in vain did we weep and 
implore her to stay. The angel had whispered in her car, 
'■come home, dear sister, the mansion is prepared to receive 
you, and your Father is waiting to welcome 3-ou. " 

1 knelt down by the bed and folded back the linen sheet, 
gazed with folded hands and dry, dilated eyes on the mystery of 
death. The moon, the "sun of the slceples.s," and the star of 
the mourner, shone full on her lirow. How jilacid, how angelic 
she looked! Her dark, shining hair, the long, dark lashes that 
lell on her white cheek, alunc i>re vented her from seeming a 
statue of the purest marble fashioned after some Grecian 
model. Beauty and youth, peace and niplure, wore on her 
reposing features; and a smile, such as no living lips ever wore, 
lingered aroiuid her mouth and .softened its mute expression. 
And I felt that it was not death upon which we gazed; it was 
life — the dawning of an innnortal. an eternal life. Angels were 
watchini; around her. 1 felt their presence, I felt them fuming 
my briiw and .■^oflly lifting my hair that fell against the sheet so 
chilly and white. Others might have thought it the wind 
sighing tlirougii the leafy latticework; but to me the prcseneo 
of ani;els was real. 

The sccni! is past, but its rememhrnnec is undying. By day 
an<l by night, in sunshine atul shadow, in jny and in .>icirrciw, 
thou art with me, a holy spirit, a hallowed memory, a chasten- 
ing influence, that passelh not away. 

Since that time llieie has been a .shadow ovcrmy young life. 
And whi'U 1 have bcui with uiv .^rlioolnialcs at their Iidiiics, 
and have seen ihcm blissed with kind molhei-s to wbom ihcy 
could go in all their litlli- trials and Iroubli's, ami tind an ear 
always ready to bear ami a he.irl naily to sviiipallii/.e, 1 
have tlionglit, how happy, oh. how iiappy lliev sliould l>i'! And 
1 iiave woiidiTed how llicy could c\er liiid it in tiiuir Luiirttl 
to treat li;.dilly or carele.vly her coMn>el and advice. 
I .My little readi'r, lovo your mother, rorieit .and ol>ev her, and 
I God will bles.H you. TllK (. iiii.ihik.n's l-'iifK.Mi. 



■^^c 



MAY 15, 1SG7. 




<fy2 



AID king David in his Psalms "Happy is 
tl\e people whose God is the Lord." We 
who live now, and are members of the 
Chm'ch of Jesus Christ of Lattor-da.v 
Saints, can join in that sentiment with all 
our liearts. President Young and a few of 
the Twelve Apostles and other e-kters have 
just rotumod from a visit to the southern 
jiart of our Territory. In going and return- 
ing they held meetings which the people of 
;dl the settlements on the line of travel attend- 
ed. The peoj)le of every jilace which was 
visited made the occasion a holiday. Before 
reaching most of the settlements the company 
was met by a mounted escort, and where they 
liad musicians, by a band of music, and upon enter- 
ing such towns, the men, women and children would 
be drawn up in regular order on each side of the 
jirinciiial streets. The children esiiecially seemed to 
be ver}- hap]\v and to enjoy the display exceedingly. It was a 
verj' pleasing sight to our President and his company to sec the 
great numbers of the juveniles in every settlement, and to 
notice also the increased attention which is being paid to their 
education. 

On returning to this city a delightfid siu'jirise awaited the 
company. Arrangements had been made for a mounted escort 
and Captain Croxall's band in the large band carriage, drawn 
by six horses, to meet President Young. Besides these, almost 
every private carriage in the city, turned out, carrying their 
owners and others to join in the welcome. But the most 
attractive and pleasing sight was the thousands of children, 
dressed in holiday garb, who lined the sidewalks of the IStaie 
Road as the caniages of the company passed up. The children 
were out under the direction of their teachers, and with theh 
numerous tasteful banners, upon which were written various 
mottoes, and their joyful countenances, they presented a sweet 
picture of hapinncss and innocence. Eveiy one of the Presi- 
dent's company was filled with dehghtful emotions in witness- 
ing this sight, so full of hope for the future of Ziou. 

Much of the instruction which was given to the saints by 
I'resident Young and the other elders was veiy suitable for 
the Juveniles. The people were taught to observe the word of 
wisdom, to be united, to listen to the counsel of their bishops 
and the other officers who presided over them, just as 
children listen or ought to listen, to their parents and school- 
teachers. Children, these things are verj' imjiortant tor you to 
understand and practice. Would you like to be healthy 
men and women? to have great knowledge and bo very wise? to 
escape sickness and to live to ripe old age? We think we hear 
all our little readers say, with one voice, "Yes." The Lord has 
told Ills scn'aiits how 3-ou can obtain all these blessings, and 
they wish you to become good and useful men and women; for 
the Lord has a groat work for the children of the Latter- 
day Saints to do when they grow up. You have advantages 
that your fathers and mothers have not had; and if you do not 
have more knowledge, greater wisdom and more active minds 
and healthier bodies than they have, you will be, in the most of 



instances, to blame. To have active, strong minds, and to be 
able to endure the labor of building up the Zion of God, 
you must have healthy bodies. How can our Juveniles have 
healthy bodies? Not by eating and drinking improi^er ailicles. 
Those who do so are veiy ajit to be sickly. Some children 
never ap]iear to be satisfied until they have eaten a portion 
of everything they can see on the table, and they stuff 
themselves until they are in jiain. It is no wonder that such 
children have head aches, tooth aches and all kinds of aches. 
The plainer your food is the better it is for you. Tea, 
coffee, and hot soups or hot drinks or hot food of any kind 
or rich food is not good for men and women, and more 
especially for children. Re.specting flesh-meat also the Lord 
says: "Yea, flesh also of beasts and fowls of the air, I, the 
Lord, have ordained for the use of man with thanksgiving; 
nevertheless they are to he used sparingly; and it is pleasing 
unto me that they shoiild not be used only in times of winter 
or of cold, or famine." 

By this word of the Lord you can see, children, that if 
you wish to please the Lord, you will only use flesh in times of 
winter, of cold, or of famine, and then use it sparingly. While 
you are young is the time to form correct habits of eating 
and drinking. If you obey the Lord's counsel upon such jioints, 
you will grow up healthy and wise men and women; for this is 
His promise. 



FOR OUR JUVENILES. 

Re-pubHshed from No. 9 with their answers: 

51. "When did the Lord give the revelation concerning the 
war Ijetweeu the ]S;orthcru aud Southern States? 

In Deeemljer, 18:32. 

52. What time did the war, in fulliluieut of that revelation, 
commence? 

Early in ISGl. 

5:!. To wliat Editor did the Prophet Joseph write, predicting 
that wliich should come to pass iu this nation? And wlien did 
he so "write? 

To Jlr. Sexton of Rochester, under date of January 4th, 1S33. 

54. In the beginning of what year did Joseph organize the 
School of the Propliets in Kirtlaiid? 

In the licginning of lS:i3. 

55. What troubled the spirit of Joseph, in those days? 

The conduct of the leading elders and llio saints at the gather- 
ing place in Jlissouri. 

,5(i. What was done by the enemies of the truth in April, 1S33? 

Tliey fonncd themselves into a mob, at Indepenilence, Mis- 
souri, to drive the saints from then- homes, and prevent them 
fullllling the command of the Lord. 

57. Wliat was the result? and what happened on the nights of 
the 5th aud 0th of Novemljer of the same year? 

The saints were bitterly persecuted, their houses burned, 
their property destroj'ed, and themseh-es sulijccted to tho 
grossest wrongs, witliout recei\'ing protection from the otUcers 
of the State. On the niglits of the 5th and 6th of November, 
women and children were compelled to llec in every direction 
before the merciless mob; many of them wandering for days on 
the oijen prairie without shelter. 

5S. A verv peculiar circumstance occurred on the night of the 
13th uf November, l.s:i3: Wliat was it? 

Tlie stars fell from heaven in .sucli numliers that they seemed 
to be a shower of tiro. This was one of the signs that the com- 
ing of Christ is not far olf. 

511. W"here did the saints mostly settle, when driven from 
Jackson county? 

In Clay county, Missouri. 

fiO. AVlien did Joseph talie a mission to Canada and tho East- 
ern States? 

In October, 1833. 



Re.me.mbee the Sabbath day to keep it lioly. 






VC" •<: 



•^^;^: 



J" TJ ^ E] ILT I Hj E! II^STI^TJOTOIE?/ 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 

T O B J^ O G O - 



No wonder tlio Lord warns liis jieojile to avoid sucli a danger- 
ous gentile practice, wliicli, like many otlior of their practices, 



UNCLE GREGORY has been telling us a very interesting 
storj' of a boy who thought lie would be a man if he could 
only smoke, aud of the sad results of his foolish attempt to use 
his grandpapa's pipe. Uncle Gregory also told us what the 
Lord has himself said about the use of tobacco, and for 
what good purpose he caused it to grow, still there may be 
a great number of the youthful readei-s of this little jiapcr who 
do not know what tobacco is, or how it is manufactured, so 
thinking this information might be i)leasing to them we have 
written a little about its origin, where it comes from and how it 
is made. 

Tobacco is made of the dried leaves of a verj' handsome 
annual plant, which when young, to some extent resembles the sun 
flowers that grow in such numbers in these valleys. It grows to 
about six or seven feet high, shooting out from its sides large light 
green leaves, the bottom ones being generally about twenty 
inches long and wide in proportion. The leaves gradually 
become less in size as they shoot out nearer the top of the stem, 
while the flowers, which are very i)retty, grow in clustei-s at 
the top. The color of the flowers is a yellowish white outside 
and a beautiful red within. The tobacco plant gniws in most 
hot climates, but is particularly cultivated in the southern parts 
of the United States, the West India Islands and in South 
America. The State of Virginia and the Island of Cuba 
are particularly famous for the fine quality of their tobaccos. In 
Europe tobacco is grown to a considerable extent in Russia, 
Germany and Hungary. In Asia it flourishes, in British India, 
Persia and in the Islands south of that continent. In Africa 
it grows in Algeria. Natal, and Cajie colony, so you can see it is 
to be found in nearly even' part of the globe. 

When the jilant is ripe enough, the leaves are picked and 
dried with great care, then sorted according to their quality and 
strength. One kind being used for cigars, another for suufi", a 
third for chewing, and so on. The way tobacco is im])orted 
into this countrj', is generally in the shape of large cakes or 
plugs, bearing a number of fanciful names, often of things it 
has not the slightest resemblance to. In England tobacco has 
quite a different appearance, being cut into verj- fine shreds, so 
fine that many of thcni do not measure the hundredth jiart of 
an inch in width, while it would take sixteen of the widest 
made to measure an inch. It is called according to the way it is 
made, or its strength, and as in this country, has a variety 
of names. Cigars are generally made of the best kinds of 
tobacco, rolled and shaped with great care, the largest and most 
perfect leaves being put on the outside to keep the others 
together, while a little gum is used to kec]) it in shai)e and 
prevent it unrolling. SnufT is tobacco ground, to which, rose 
leaves and other .scenting substances are added, either to cause 
it to smell agreeably or to make it more jjungcnt. 

Tobacco is an American jilant originally. It was first known 
to Europeans when Columbus di.scovered tlie island of Cuba. 
He found the men and women there smoking it. This bail 
habit was soon introduced into Europe, and has si)read so 
extensively that it Is now u.sed by almost every peo])le on 
the earth. ISut bccau.sc it is so common it is none the less a 
ver)' bad habit. In the first place it is a verj- dirty i)ractice, 
then it cost-s a great amount to keep it up, and then again 
it is verj' injurious to our stomachs and other parts (if the body. 
Will any of our little readers believe that tobacci in its 
qualities and goni.ral cbiiracler very much rosemlilcs tlu^ 
henbane and deadly night-hade, with otlier poisonous plants of 
that kind? Yet it is wj, and ho poisonous is tobacco itself that 
the oil extracted from it by fenncntation, culled Nicotine, 
will kill a large dog when only one dro|) of it is admiiii.sterud. 



70 



^^. 



develops disease and ends in death. 



G. K. 



For the Juvenile Tnatructor. 






%^ 



5* 



THE NEPHITES AND THE I,.\MANITES AGAIN BECOME 
WICKKD. 



FOR about one hundred and sixty ycais after the final 
ascension of Jesus to heaven, the i)eople who inhabited 
the continent of America enjoyed perfect peace. They had no 
robbei-s nor murderers amongst them, neither did thcy have 
any quarrels, contentions, lyings, tumults nor whoredoms in 
their midst, but they loved each other and became very 
]irospevcius, numerous and jiowcrful. About this time a few of 
them became wicked and apostatized from the cbinvb, taking 
upon themselves the name of Lanumites. From this time the 
people began gradually to become worse, to forget God and to 
grow more aud more wicked; the number of apostates, or 
fjamanites as they called themselves, increased; oven tho.'^e who 
belonged to the church became very proud, vain and coiTujit. 
They hated and oppresi^ed one another, and became divided into 
sects and parties, until, in the three hundredth year from the 
birth of Jesus, all the peojile, both Nejihites and Lamanites 
had become fearfully wicked, and there was scarcely a good 
man amongst them, excepting the three disciples of Jesus 
who were not to die. 

Since the aiipearance of Jesus the sacred records had been 
kept by Nephi, one of the twelve, then by his son Nejihi, afier 
his death by his son and grandson, both named Amos. When 
the y<iunger Amos died, his brother Amniaron took the plates. 
The jieople had now become so dreadfully wicked that there 
was no church of Christ to keep any account of, so Amniavon 
hid uj) all the plates in a hill called Shim in the land of Antum. 
There was a very good, thoughtful, prayi'iful boy, about ten 
years old, named Mormon, with whom Auimarou was aci|uain- 
tcd. He .showed this boy where he had hid the jilale.s, and 
told him to go and get them when he was twenty-four ye.ii-s 
of age, and engrave ujion them a brief account of what should 
take place among the Nephitcs aud Lamanites in his day. 



Smitui'Ii:i.i), U. T., April Dth, 1SG7. 

Fdilor Juvenile In.itructo r: 

On tlio !Ust pane— No. 23 — of tlio first volunio of tlio Tn- 
sriu iron, tlio question i.s luskeil, "Wliat is tlio iiaiiio of a (lanc- 
ing girl, who procured tliii ilcalli of a iioUmI prophet." Tlio 
(|ueslion is not answered, but the lUisuniptioii made that she 
was the (laughter of the sister of llerod. The girl's name was 
Salome, the (laughter of llerodias, the wife of llerod I'liilip, 
who was the brother of llerod AnllpaK, the Tetrarcli, by the 
same father, (Herod the (fnmt) but liy ililVcreiit inotherN: aii<l 
this llerodias was the (lau^ht4.'r of Arisl^ibiilus. biothcr to Iho 
llci'oils, by a third iiiolhor. See .loscphus' .lew isli .\iili(|iiili('s 
p. '.U'Ai-7, b, IS cup. 0. iSeo also Kitlo's History of I'HlcNliuc, p. 
710. K. iM. <i. 

Wk tliank our friend, the writer of the above, for his expla- 
nulion, which would have been published some weeks bince, but 
wc were absent I'roui the city. — El>. J. 1. 



•^^C 





laari'i "■'~''^"'— ■—--■ 



Cr TJ "V E IT I Xj E! in^STI^TJCTOie/ 



^ 



Selected SlUlttU* 






THE 



G h: I G ic E nsr 
I s T ^^ ic E. 



'S 



A little downy chicken, one day 

Asked leave to go to the water; 
Where she saw a dm-k with her l>rood at play 

Swiiuniing and si^lashing about her. 

Indeed, she began to peep and ery, 

■\Vhcn lier mother wouldn't let her, 
"If the ducks can swim there, wliy can't I; 

Are they any bigger or better'?" 

Then the old hen answered, "lAsten to mc, 

And hush your foolish talking. 
Just look at your feet, and you will see 

The}' were only made for walking." 

But chicky wishfully eyed the brook 

And didn't half believe her. 
For she seemed to say, by a knowing look, 

"Such stories couldn't deceive her." 

And as her mother was scratching the ground, 

She muttered, lower ai\d lower, 
"I know I can go there and not be drowned, 

And so I tliinkl'll show her.'' 

Then she made a plunge, where the stream was deep, 

And saw too late her lilmidcr; 
For she hadn't hardly time to peep 

Till her foolish head went under. 

And now I hope her fate will show 

Tlie child my story reading; 
That those who are older sometimes know. 

What you will do well in heeding. 

Tliat each content in his plac'e should dwell. 

And envy not his brotlier; 
And any part that is acted well 

Is just as good as another. 

For we all have o\ir proper sphere below, 

And this is a trutli worth knowing. 
You will come to grief if you try to go 

Where you were never made for going! 



/•'o- die Jiivenilr Tiisfniclor. 



<">> 



IITTLl'] A\'ILI/TI-; was a tolerably good boy in some things, 
J but he had certain defects of teii)]>er, whieli often caused 
him sorrow. lie was very passionate, and when suddenly 
ana-ored he would do things hastily which made him unhappy 
afterwards, when his anger had died and ho began to reflect. 
]?ut if lie did anything wrong in raslniess he quickly repented 
of it, and strove not to do the same thing again. 

He was very sensitive, and when sjioken harshly to by any 
one whom he loved, it wounded his feelings very much. Thus, 
when his father or mother rcjiroved him, or corrected liini, he 
f 'It almost as if ho were abused, and sometimes he would deter- 
mine to go away from home never to return. This was vcrj- 
wrom.' of liim. and very foolish too. for he would not have f mnd 
any to care for him like his father and mother, nor to love him 
as they did. 



Little boys and girls never know how mucli they are indebted 
to their parents for love and care and kindness, unless they lose 
those parents after they have experienced their solicitude long 
enough to remember it well. Little Willie found out in after 
years, that if he had ran away from home, he would have ran 
to suffering and sorrow. 

One day he was reproved for something which he had done 
wrong, and the thought of running away grew strong within 
him. He slipped out of the house quietly, and ran as fast as 
he could down the street where his parents lived, down a green 
lane that was near it, and away through the green fields. 
AYhcn he had ran about half a mile he stopped almost out of 
breath, for he had been running rapidly, and he thought that 
no one had followed him that far, even if they knew of his 
going away. 

It was a beautiful summer day. The sun was shining bright- 
ly, the birds Were singing, butterflies were fluttering about, the 
grass was green, and everything looked lovely and cheering, but 
Little Willie did not see all these things. He sat down by the 
side of a stream and bathed his feet, ibr he was bare-footed — 
he had no shoes to wear; his parents could not afford to buy 
him shoes in the summer time. As he sat by the stream, cool- 
ing his feet in the water, he began to reflect upon his father's 
care and his mother's love, and how many good things he was 
daily receiving from them; for though he was but a child he 
could think of all these things. 

He thought how foolish he had been for running away 
because he was rejiroved for doing wTong, and that his parents 
were right in rcprox'ing him. Then he thought what was the 
wisest thing he could do, and conchuled that he ought to go 
home, even if he were corrected for going away. He felt peni- 
tent, for he had acted hastily, and his reflection told him so. 
He got up and looked around him; the day seemed more beau- 
tiful, the sky clearer, the birds ajipeared to sing more sweetly, 
and the flowers to bloom brighter, than they had before, 
because there were good thoughts in his mind, and good desires 
in his heart. 

lie went homo and slipped in as quietly as he had slipped out. 
His ab.sonce had not been noticed. The more he thoughtof it, 
the gladder he was that the Lord had given him good thoughts 
which made him return when he did, and by which he escaped 
suft'ering, either of hunger away from home, or correction 
when he returned home for doing so great a wrong, or both. 

As he grew up to manhood he struggled to overcome this 
propensity to run away, and he remained with his father and 
mother, when all the rest of his brothers and sisters left them 
and wandered to other parts of the earth. But he never forgot 
that bright summer day wdien he ran from liome and the Lord 
insjjired him with the thought of going b.ick again. He was 
the only member of his lather's family who embraced the gospel. 

Children, if you are ever tempted to run away when your 
jiarents reprove or correct you; or if j'ou are ever tempted to be 
angry at your parents, think of what they do ibr you, how kind 
they are to you, how they love you and walch over you; and ask 
the ]jord to give His Spirit that you may overcome all such 
feelings, and love and obey your jjarcnts in return. Never mn 
away from home, nor do anylhing to grieve or disT^lease your 
father and niotlier and God will bless you ibr your faithfulness 
and obedience. 



I would not luirt a living thing. 

However weak or small; 
The boasts that graze, tlie birds that sing, 

Our Father made them all; 
^Villiout His notice, I have read, 

A sparnnv cannot fall. 



i^^Sfa^ 



^S 




^j 



CTTJ^Ein^IILiE IZtTSTI^TJCTOI^, 



79 ^'Q^ 



f 



SioncauTiii. 







IIEX Joseph liearJ about the trouble in 
De Witt lie went there; but he bad some 
cliffieulty to jiet into the jilace, as all the 
iriiieiiKil roads were guarded by the mob. 
Jle found tlie saints nearly destitute of 
food, and tlicre was no prosiiect of obtain- 
ing more. Stei)s were instantly taken to 
inform the governor of the condition of 
affairs. It was honed that ho might give 
the pcoiilo of Do M'itt the needed jnotec- 
. Several respectable gentlenieni who were 
members of the ehureh, but who had seen 
eonduet of the mob, miide statements under 
^r'-q-y- w"iJ, in which they .«et forth the treatment the 
r \ 1^ s.»iuts ha 1 received and the i)criluus condition 
-v\ they were in. They also offered their sonices to go 
themselves and present the case to the Governor. But 
there was not a more wicked moboerat in the whole 
Wj ^ Sta-e of Missouri than Lilburn W. Boggs, the Gov- 
ernor. He had no aid, not even symi)athy. for the i>crsecuted 
Saints. His rejily was, that "the (iu;irrel was between the 
'3Iormons' and the mob, and ihey might fight it out." In the 
meantime General Parkes made his aiipearance in the vicinity. 
In a letter written to General Atchison on October 7th, 180S, 
I'arkcs said, "'nothing seems so much in demand here (to hear 
the Carroll county wen talk) as JMormon scalps. As yet they 
are scarce." He further added: "as yet they [the Saints] have 
acted on the defensive as far as I can learn. It is mj' settled 
opinion the Jlormons will have no rest until they leave." 
I'arkes did nothing to protect the .-iaints or check the mob. His 
excuse was that Bogart's men would not be controlled, and were 
with the mob in feeling. This Bogart was tlie captain of a 
company of militia under I'arkes, and was a ^letlioilist ijrcachcr 
by profession. He was a bitter enemy to the saints, and a 
thorough moboerat. The saints were forbidden to go out of 
town on ])ain of death, and if they attempted to go for food, 
they were .shot at. If any of their cattle or horses went where 
tlie mob could get hold of them, they were stolen. I'arkes did 
nothing to clieck these outrages. Tlie most of the leading men 
of tlic .state were filled with the sjiirit of mobocraey. and he 
with the rest. There was .scarcely a man who had the courage 
to stand up and maintain the ri;.'ht. I'arkes said that he would 
be compelled to draw liLs men off from the jilace, for fear tiny 
would join the mob. 

The mob kci)t increa.sing in uundjers; and knowing that the 
Govenior and the officers were as much traitors as themselves, 
they had no fear of the law before their ej-cs. The provisions 
of the saints were entirely gone, and they were tired out by con- 
tinuid guarding and watching the movements of their cnemiis. 
Some of the brethren died of starvation, bi iiig in want of the 
common neccs-siries of life. "I had the pain," said J<jseph in 
writing upon this subject, "of l/eh(jlding some of my IMlow- 
creatures fall victims to tiie spirit of per.<e<'Ulion, which did llion 
and has nince prevailed to such an extent in iijiper Missouri; 
men, too, who were virtuoii.s, and against whom no legal process 
could for one moment lie sustained; but who, in consennence of 
their love to God, attachment to his cause, and their detennina- 
tion til keep the faitli were thus brought to an untimely grave." 
It is through sm-h trials as tlur.-e, children, that the prophets 



and saints of God have had to jiass in this generation for 
the love of the tmth. Probably many of our little readers had 
fathers and grandfathers who endured all these things for their 
love of the gosjiel. How many of you, little friends, think 
of these thiiig.s? Hundreds of men and woman have laid down 
their lives for the truth. These, of whom you are now reading, 
died of starvation rather than forsake the Ijord and His truth. 
When you are tempted to complain or find fault, because 
you do not have .something that you want, or it is not so nice as 
you would like it to be, think of the days about which we are 
now writing, and let your murmurings cease. Oh, how 
thankful and good you ought to be! Vou have food in 
abundance. No one need want in these valleys. You can 
go out and come in, and there is no one to threaten or shoot at 
you. Peace reigns. 

Two men, who had been the sole cause of the settlement 
of De Witt being made, desired the saints to leave the i)lace 
and move away. One of them said that he had the promise of 
the mob that if the saints would leave the jilace, they wimld 
not be hurt, and they would be jiaid for all the losses which they 
had sustained. Per.Mins should be ajipcjinted to .-ict value on the 
luoperty which they had to leave, and they should be i>aid for 
it also. These two men came, they said, as mediators to 
accomplish this object. What cimld the saints do? They saw 
no prospect of helji; the (ioveinor woidd not li.-ten to their 
entreaties; the militia were with the mob in feeling and ready 
to join them. They, finally, through necessity, made uji their 
minds to leave that jilaee, and seek a shelter ebewhere. A 
committee was ajipointed to carry out the inomiscs of the mob. 
But they only valued the Saints' land, and nothing more, and 
they did not pay them for that. Many of their houses had 
been burned, and great (piantities of their property had been 
destroyed by the mob; but who ever heard of .-aints getting jiay 
for property destroyed by their enemies? When they came to 
start many of their hoi>es, oxen and cows were gone. The 
mob boasted of having killed their oxen and lived on them. 
The horses and cows were al.-o stolen. The saints gathered up 
about seventy wagons, and with the remnant of the property 
they had been able to save, started for Caldwell county. This 
was on the 11th of October, 1S3S. Dining the journey the 
lieo]>le were harrassed and thieateiied by the mob. 'J'he mob 
also shot at them several times. They had no more pity than 
so many wolves. Several of the .-^aints died, during the 
journey, from fatigue and exposure, and they had to be buried 
by the wayside without Cdffin.s. It was under the most 
distressing circumstances that those who were left arrived in 
Caldwell county. Jo.seph had stayed with them to comfort, 
cheer and help them. Wherever the post of danger was, there 
Joseidi was to be found. He proved to the ssiints tiie truth of 
the words of Jesus, that "greater love hath no man than this, 
that he lay down his life for his friends." 



.A. 



Ill I G- 11 T I 3Sr TIIE 



IN a book writen by Jean Ingelow, called "Stories told to a 
child, ' the following is told: 

Off the coast of one of the Orkney Islands, and right 
oppo.-ile the harbor, stood a lonely rock, against which, in 
stnrmy nights, the boats of returning tishennen often sliiuk 
and were lust. 

Fil'tv years ago there lived on this i.^l:lnd n young gnl m a 
cottage with her fath.'r; an.l liny love.l .aeh olli.r very tenderly. 
One stormy night thr f.illier was away on the sea in Ins li^le r- 2 J 
man's boat, and though his daughter wateh.d Ibr hini in niueli ^j^K 
fear and trouble, he did not como home. Sad to tell, in the p -/ 



I) 



^1^^- 



^1S^ 




so 



CTTTVEInTIILjEI in^STZ^TJCTOI^ 






nioniiiig his dead body was fcmiid wa^lied mion tlio beach. 
His boat, as he sought the harbor, had struck against the 
"Lonely Kock" and gone down. 

In lier deep sorrow, this fisherman's orjihan did not think of 
herself alono. She was scarcely more tlian a child, humble, 
poor and weak; yet she said in lier heart, that, while she lived, 
no more boats sliould be lost on the "Lonely Ruck," if a light 
shining through her window would guide them safely into the 
harlior. And so, after watching by tlie body of her father, 
according to the custom of her people, until it was buried, she 
laid down and slept through the day; but when night fell she 
arose, and lighted a candle, jilaced it in the window of her 
cottage, so that it might be seen bj' any fisherman coming from 
the sea, and guide him safely into harbor. She sat by the 
candle all night, and trimmed it, and spun; but when the day 
dawned she went to bed and slept. 

As many hanks as she had spun before for her daily bread, 
she spun still, and one over, to buy her nightly candle; and 
from that time to this, for fifty years, through youth, niatxn-ity, 
and old age, she has turned night into day, and in the snow 
storms of winter, through driving mists, deceptive moonlight, 
and solenm darkness, that northern harbor has never once been 
without the light of her candle. 

How many lives she saved by this candle, and how many 
meals she won by it for the star\'ing families of the boatmen, it 
is imjiossible to say. How many dark nights the fishermen, 
dejiending on it, have gone forth, cannot now be told. There 
it stood, regular as a light-house, steady as constant care could 
make it. Always brighter when daylight waned, the fishermen 
had only to keep it constantly in view and they wore safe; there 
was but one thing to intercejit, and that was the lv(_)ck. How- 
ever fiir they might have gone out to the sea, they had only to 
bear down for that lighted window, and they were sm-e of a safe 
entrance to the harbor. 

But what do the boatmen and boatmen's wives think of this! 
Do they pay the woman? No; they are very poor; but poor or 
rich, they knew better than that. Do they thank lior? No. 
Perhaps they think that thanks of theirs would be inadcrptato 
to express their gratitude; or porhaj)S, long j-ears have made the 
lighted casement so familiar, that they look upon it as a matter 
of course, and forget for the time the patient watcher within. 

Sometimes the fishermen lay fish on her threshold and set a 
child to watch it for her till she wakes; sometimes their wives 
steal into her cottage, now that she is getting old, and spin a 
hank or two of thread for her while she slumbers; and they 
teach their children to pass her hut quietly, and not to sing 
or shout before her door, lest they should disturb her. That is 
all. Their thanks are not looked for — scarcely .sujiposed to be 
due. Their grateful deeds arc more than she esi)ects, and 
as much as she desires. 

How often, in the far distance of my English home, adds 
Miss Ingelow, have I awoke in a wild winter night, and while 
the wind ami storm were rising, have thought of that northern 
bay, with the waves dashing against the rock, and have 
pictured to niy-self the casement, and the candle nursed by that 
bending aged figure. How delightful to know that through her 
untiring charity the Itock has lost more than half its teri'ors. 

There is many a rock elsewhere, as jierilous as tlic one I have 
told you of; perhajis there are many such women; but for this 
one, whose story is before you, pray that her candle may burn 
a little longer, since this record of her charity is true. — HdccteJ. 



ft^ Correct answers to the Charade in No. S, have been 
received from — J. H. Perry, \\' . J. Lewis, Kebecca J. Noall, 
J. P. Smith jr., E. A. Bean, ]). Billings, A. N. Billinss jr., 
D. W. Fatten, Mary B. Cook, S. Norton Cook, G. T. Baker, 
U. S. Lincoln. 

The answer is Juvenile Instructor. 







O O L ID 



For tlie Juvenile Inslrucfor, 



Childron, be wise in what yoii choose, 
And never, never, good refuse; 
The worthless tinsel brighter shines 
Than purest gold, in rich designs. 

Be not deceived by shining things- 
Most pois'nous insects have bright wingn; 
Vice oft assumes a brilliant form, 
And serpents have the pow'r to charm. 

The tinsel glare may charm the eye 
Of fools and idler.s passing by; 
But men of wisdom turn away, 
And scorn the dazzling tinsel spray. 

Guard well your hearts, le.st silly pride 
Instead of wisdom, be your guide: 
Watch, and bowiu'e of haughtiness, 
■Which would desti-oy your loveliness. 

Bo very careful what you choose, 
And careful too, what you refuse: 
Let shadows Jly before your grasp — 
The substance, tirinly, boldly clasp. 

Oft-tinics the noblest and the best, 
In simple, homely garb is drest — 
Most precious gems are often found 
In ruciost forms beneath the ground. 

As you in stature upward grow, 
Avoid the tinsel's glitt'ring show — 
Aspii-e to be like sterling gold, 
And daily let your worth unfold. 



E. R. S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



BT T>. D. 



I am composed of 7 letters. 

IMy 6, 7, 6, 7, was the fether of Beia. 

My 7, 3, 7, 6, was the son of Shiphi. 

My 4, 5, 3, 2, 3, 4, baptized an Ethiopian eunuch. 

My 0, 5, 6, 7, was a king of Judah. 

My 5, 0, 7, 0, 1, 2, killed his own master, and was afterwards 
proclaimed king of Syria. 

i\Iy whole was a person who reproved a very patient and godly 
man for want of religion. 



G"TJ^;^E3SriLE I2SrSTK.TJCTOK. 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum fS 00 

Siuijle Copy, for Si.x Months 1 50 

iJFvT* It is erpertci! ii'ltrrr afjrutfi /nnrartl 7ia)iirs thrij will be re.^trm.^'ble 
for IhP pa/icrs /hii.s nnlnril: ami' ii'ltiii Cax/i iniiiiiii'nts are jntide, flicy 
'trill plraxr furwaid ilicin with the teller conl'iiniiuj the names v/ tlie 

suh.\rrih''>'s. 

*d- Klil.ir M'm. II. Shearman, Loijan, will act as General Ayent for 
Caihe ^'nlleil. , .„ , 

«B- Grain brounhl to this Cil)/ for the .Iuvenii.e Instructor ivdlbe 
received at lite ojjUx of our jjiyjc;-— Ueskuet News Buildings. 



hlS^ 



fe^^ 



^J^■:^ 




