f 



'^Qlhm^ h tl^t y^rir! 






^^l 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, BIAY 11, 1872. 



NO. 10. 



THE ^yC^ZE^Kyl^O-B .A.T Oi^TST^ OIF G-^XjIIjEE. 



OUR engraving tliis week is intended to illustrate an incident 
in the life of Jesus Christ, which is recorded in the second 
chapter of the gospel of St. John. By turning to that chapter 
you will learn 
that there was a 
marriage in the 
town of Cana, 
in the province 
of Galilee; and 
it seems from 
the brief ac 
count given by 
the evangelist, 
that a marriage, 
in those days as 
well as in these, 
was an event at 
which feasting 
and the gather 
ing of friends 
were fasliiona i|* 
ble. Among 
the guests in 
vited to this 
wedding in Ca 
na, were Jesu^ 
and his mother, 
and his disci 
pics. Judging 
by our illustra- 
tion of this 
event, there i'j 
nothing particu 
larly worthy of 
notice in connec- 
tion with the 
marriage feast 
The guests are 
seated round the 
festive board, 
enjoying the 
g(jod things to 
cat, and also the 
conversation of 
the gentleman on the right, probably intended flir the Savior, 
who, from the account we have of his iiublic life, was always 
ready to give kind words, and good advice to all classes. 




But there was something connected with this marriage in 
Cana of Galilee, which cannot be seen in the picture, and 
which, simple and common-place as the event in itself might 

be, has gained 
it a name and 
fame in history, 
and in the 
hearts of all 
Christians, such 
that it will never 
b e forgotten; 
and when the 
deeds of an Al- 
exander and 
Nipoleon, and 
other great ones 
of that class 
shall be all but 
forgotten, cr re- 
garded with lit- 
tle or no interest, 
the simple story 
of the marriage 
in the little 
town of Cana 
of Galilee, fur- 
nished by the 
Vpostle John, 
will be read 
with interest 
and respect. 

Why is this? 
'W hat is it that 
will thus jire- 
scive from the 
forgetfulness 
with which 
Time buries al- 
most everything 
( arthly, this 
pirticular mar- 
lugo at Cana of 
(hlilcc? There 
can bo no doubt 
that many other marriages took pla?e in the same town beliirc 
this one, and many since, of which no record lias been kept; 
except, perhaps, in the local archives. But this one will never 



•* 



^3^- 




74 



arTJ"V"EITILE i:tTSTI2.TJOTOie/. 



bo forgotten. Some of you may say, "Why?" We say, just 
read the chapter and see if you can tell. We will suppose, 
now, that you have done so, and wo ask you: Do you sec any 
reason why it should never be forgotten? Is it because Christ 
and his mother and his disciples were there? No, for it is 
very likely that they were at other feasts besides this. Jesus 
was over thirty years old when he died, and both he and his 
disciples were well known, and they had some friends who 
loved them very :<inccrely, and, traveling about for years, 
])reaching the gospel, they, as our elders have been, were, 
without doubt, sometimes invited to a feast or to a "party," 
but if they were the evangelists have not thought it worth 
while to record it. But not so with this. One of them has 
• given a short account of it, and the reason is that Christ per- 
fijrmed his jirst minuh- there. Besides being the Greatest 
Teacher of the world, Jesus was the greatest worker of mira- 
cles of whom we have any authentic account. Wherever and 
whenever he had a chance, 'he delighted in doing good to the 
afflicted, and in exercising his God power in healing those who 
were diseased. 

His first miracle — turning water into wine — does not seem 
to be near so important as some that followed; but it required 
as great an exercise of divine power as any others. Turning 
water into wine, to conduce to the joviality and enjoyment at 
a marriage feast, may seem a rather trifling occasion to call 
forth any manifestation of divine power; but simple as it may 
seem it is beyond the power of any mere man that ever existed. 
By a combination of various elements or ingredients a chemical 
change somewhat similar to this might be effected; but to com- 
mand the elements, and have the command obeyed, so as to in- 
stantly turn water into wine, required the exercise of a power that 
none but the author and controller of nature's forces possessed; 
and it was the ujanifestation of that power, exercised on that 
occasion by the L<jrd Jesus Christ that has preserved the 
memory of the marriage at the village of Cana, fresh and 
green during the eighteen centuries that have passed since it 
took place, and that will prevent it from ever being forgotten. 



fl T S 



T O I^ "^ O IF 

G h: XJ :r. G n. 

{Continued.) 



THE 



ELHliK Orson Pratt, who presided over the branches of 
the Church in the Eastern and Middle States, issued his 
farewell message to the Saints in those parts, in November 
]S4.'>, prior to taking his di^parture for Nauvoo to join the 
Saints in their removal westward. He expressed his joy at 
the thongiit that the time had come when the Saints were to 
leave the .scenes where, for almost sixteen years, they had met 
with only the most bitter persecution at the hands of their 
enemies, who for the most part were professors of religion. 
Of the removal he said: "J'erhaps we may have to suffer much 
in the land of our exile, but our sufferings will be from another 
cause — there will be no Christian banditti to afllict us all the 
day long — no holy, pious priests to nuirder us by scores — no 
editors to urge on house-burning, devastation and death. If 
we die in the d<^ns and caves of the liocky ]Mount:iins, we shall 
die when- freedom reigns triumphantly. Libert.v in a solitary 
Iiliicc, and ill a desert, is far more jirelerable than martyrdom 
ill ih •■.so |iiiius States." 

It had Im'cii decided that the Mcxxrii;/er^ a paper publisliod in 
New Vork, ill the interest of the ('hunh, by Samuel Brannan, 
should suspend pulilication, and that the edit(jr should charter a 
ve.s.sel and taki; iii.'j press and fixtures, as also a cflmpany of 
Saints from the Eastern branches by .sea, by way of Cape Horn, 
to Califljriiia, as the di.it^ince to travi^l from that point to thiir 
I>riibable destination in the IJorky Mouutiiins, it was thought 



would not be great, and the trip would be attended with much 
less expense. At the same time those who had means sufFicient 
to buy for themselves teams and outfit, were advised to make 
their way to Nauvoo, to join the Saints there and journey west- 
ward. 

From the encouragement the mob had received in being 
allowed to go free of punishment after the committal of their 
many crimes, it was not Ui be expected that they would cease 
their deeds of violence. On the contrary while the blood of 
innocence still stained their hands, and the cries of distress 
from the homeless outcasts who had been plundered of their 
subst;ince and had their houses burned were yet to be heard, 
the merciless fiends essayed still further outrages. At Camp 
Creek about thirty of them surrounded the house of Samuel 
Hicks, at midnight, called Blr. Hicks out of his bed and stated 
that they were the Governor's troops direct from Carthage. 
Without allowing him to clothe himself they forced him away; 
after which, though both his wife and child were at the time 
sick with the ague, they were allowed scarcely time to get out 
of the house and remove a few of their household goods, when 
the house was fired. After the flames had burst through the 
roof and made such progress that it was not possible for him to 
quench them. Hicks, chilled through with the cold night air, 
and shaking with the ague, was set at liberty by the mob, and 
allowed to return to the smoking ruins of his house, while the 
mob went their way. Another house was also fired in the same 
vicinity, about the same time. The statement of the mob that 
they were the Governor's troops, was probably not true, as a 
number of them were recognized as old mobbers. 

Shortly afterwards a party of them appeared at midnight in 
the Green Mains precinct, and set a straw stack, the property of 
Solomon Hancock, on fire, and then concealed themselves near 
by. When the owner of the stack and a number of others 
rallied to the scene to extinguish the tire, the mob shot at 
them and killed Elder Edmund Durfee, an old member of the 
Church, and one of the most inoffensive men in the country. 
Though the bullets flew thick and fiist around the others, none 
of them were hurt in the least. Some of the mob engaged in 
the tragic affair, afterwards boasted that they had shot Durfee 
in order to win a wager of a gallon of whisky, that ths stack 
had been set on fire to cause an alarm and draw the men out, 
and that by killing him they had won the whisky. 

News of the actions of the mob was immediately sent to 
Major Warren, and his interference requested. -He evinced 
considerable energy in hunting up the guilty parties, and actu- 
ally followed one man into Missouri to arrest him. Notwith- 
standing the Governor's boast that the troops were saving the 
Saints from total destruction, IMajor Warren acknowledged to 
Sheriff Backenstos that the killing of Durfee never woidd have 
occurred had the troops not been in the county. Though no 
evidence was wanting to convict the men who were guilty of 
the deed, as several of the brethren who were witnesses of the 
scene were summoned and appeared at the court at the examin- 
ation of the case to give in their testimony, and the atlidavits 
of others were sent, in accordance with a previous request of the 
State Attorney, the trial resulted in just such a farce as the 
many previous ones had done, where the Saints were the injured 
parties. Their testimony was unheeded and the case was dis- 
missed without even a Grand Jury having been summoned. 

The labors of the Saints about this time were mainly for the 
aceomjilishment of two objects: the finishing of the Temple and 
|irei)aring to remove iu the Sjiring. Wagon-shops were estab- 
lished all over the city, and every available wheelwright, as well 
as carpenters and cabinet-makers, and a great many others who 
had never worked before at either business, were employed at 
making wagons. Green timber in large (juantities was cut and 
hauled into the city, where it was "seasoned" ready for being 
made u]) by being boiled in salt water or dried in kilns. Iron 
was obtained from all jiarts of the country to fit them uj), and 



W 



%'i3m- 



■^e^^ 




cru^EinsriLEi iiststi^tjotoi?/. 




blacksmiths were engaged day and night working at them. 
Many of the wagons made were rude affairs, not so nicely 
painted and ironed as those now in common use; in fact, but 
very little iron, so necessary an element in their manufacture, 
was used in the construction of many of them, it being so 
exceedingly scarce. Blany were actually made without iron for 
tires, hoops of wood being used instead. 

The work on the Temple had progressed so far that the attic 
story was plastered and ready for use, and on the 30th of 
November it was dedicated. 

( To he continued. ) 



[ P'or the Jave7iile Itisfviictor, 



%\mih%t\^ of €ottttttott. ®|itt|^$. 



HZYiDiRoo^i^BOisr.-nsro. 4- 



IN the article on "solutions" (No. 23. Vol. 6.) the general 
principles which relate to that action by which solids are 
broken up by fluids were stated. That "'like cleaves to like," 
seems to be the cause of this phenomenon in which a solid 
disappears, as a solid, and is absorbed into and diffused through 
a liquid. Among other solvents, alcohol was named, but this 
spirit merits a more extended notice on account of its extensive 
use by the analyst and pharmaceutical chemist, as well as in 
the arts. 

In pharmacy this spirit is used in various forms, as proof 
spirit, rectified spirit, brandy etc. — as absolute alcohol its use is 
not so extensive. For the young reader these terms may be 
explained: "Proof spirit" is about half water mixed with 
alcohol; the name had its origin in a practice that is now out of 
date : the spirit to be tested for strength was poured over gun- 
powder, it was then inflamed by a lighted paper, if it exploded 
the spirit was "proof," or "over proof" if it exploded too 
readily. The term "rectified spirit" means that which is 
brought up to a high degree of purity by careful distillation; 
this contains less water than proof spirit, varying from 65 to 85 
per cent, of alcohol. By "per cent." is meant that in one hun- 
dred parts, which may mean pints, quarts, or any other measure 
agreed upon, — from 65 to 85 of those measures would be alcohol — 
it means, in fact, the ratio, or -pnrportion of spirit to water. 
As to brandy, whisky, gin, and other ardent spirits, that have 
been alluded to, they are all composed of dilute alcohol, with 
some characteristic flavor and smell. 

For making extracts, dilate spirit is sometimes preferable. 
Many resinous substances require rectified spirit. The cause 
for this difference arises from the fact that some vegetables con- 
tain extractive properties that are partly soluble in water and 
partly in alcohol, others have properties that arc only soluble in 
alcohol. 

This spirit is also largely used by the perfumer to dissolve 
essential oils ; the extreme volatility and penetrating, yet 
neutral character of its vapor, makes it a suitable article for 
diffusing the contents of the scent-bottle. The fragrance of 
flowers would be a very transient pleasure if dependent on the 
presence of a veritable bouquet, so perishable are flowers, and, in 
some climates so difficult to obtain ; as it is, by the artifice of 
the perfumer, the sweetest odors are extracted and preserved. 
In this chemistry greatly aids the artist; the "essence of jon- 
quil," the "extract of roses," the "eau de mille fleurs" (water 
distilled from a thousand flowers) and numberless other excellent 
imitations of the smell of flowers, have nothing hut the smell; 
they are the volatile principles of the refuse of gas factories and 



other offensive exhalations clian(jcd^ at the command of science 
into the most exquisite perfumes 1 

Alcohol is also used for making "cordials" by the extraction, 
or pretended extraction, of the virtues of various "barks," 
"herbs," and '' roots," pufiFed up as being possessed of marvel- 
ous healing virtues ; these are often warranted to bo made of 
some particular spirit, as: "the spirit of the sugar cane — the 
most nutritious of all stimulants — for its basis etc," in relation 
to which it may be said generally : no alcoholic spirit is nutri- 
tious, and without this spirit is present in these "cordials" no 
one would use them for their medicinal virtues alone. 

For French polishing, alcohol was formerly used extensively; 
there is a substitute for this in wood, naphtha, (pyroxilic spirit) 
which is obtained as one among other products of the destructive 
distillation of wood. Shellac and mastic dissolved in alcohol, 
or in "methylated spirit" or in methylic alcohol, forms a varnish 
that gives an excellent polish to wood. It is used by forming 
a rubber of cotton or linen, rolled up firmly, so that the soft 
edge will absorb the polish. To apply this a piece of linen is 
doubled up, some polish is then poured on the rubber, over 
which the linen is placed so that the polish will have to pass 
through the texture of the linen when pressed upon the wood. 
To keep the surface of the enclosed rubber from sticking and to 
assist in polishing, a drop or two of raw linseed oil is applied 
to the cover. It is then applied gently with a rapid motion 
over the whole surface of the wood, another coat is then 
applied and the process is continued until the varnish is thick 
enough. It is then "spirited off," that is, instead of using 
polish spirit is used with a little linseed oil ; it is then rubbed 
with a fine, dry, soft cloth to finish it. 

But for the human skin alcohol is an invaluable application. 
The cuticle is highly organized, myriads upon myriads of tiny 
pores are so many conduits through which worn out materials pass 
off from the system. Perspiration also passes through these pores, 
by which means the temperature of the body is regulated ; by 
some writers it is suggested that these pores may "not only be 
outlets to effete matter, but also inlets to etherial fluids that 
minister to life." They may have this dmiUe action, the idea 
is worthy of attention ; ■ any way the results of experience are 
such as to justify the conclusion that perfect health and a healthy 
skin are closely connected. For cleansing the cuticle water is 
the best solvent applied with some detergent, as soap ; to give 
tone to the system, as well as to aid in cleansing the skin, dilute 
alcohol is highly efficacious. Alcohol, applied externally, does 
not intoxicate, it does not inflame the blood or impair digestion; 
it is exhilarative, cooling and refreshing, bracing the muscles 
and strengthening the nervous system. This it also does to the 
skin as well : it destroys the germs of any parasitic animals that 
may try to find a home in its pores ; it removes cutaneous 
diseases if they exist, for it removes the cause. All this we 
may expect from the language of inspiration : "Stroiiff drinks 
are not for the hdlij, hut for the loasliing of your hodics." 

Betu. 



TiiE word "Prussia" is traced by different authors to "l\t 
Russia," meaning in the Slavonian tongue, "near or adjacent 
to Kussia," or to "Prusi." "Pruezi," or "Bourissi," the name 
of a Slavonian tribe; but Malte Brun thinks it more probable 
that the name sprung from some Weudish word allied to 
"Prusznika," signifying "hard and clayey land." We judge 
the last signification is correct, since Prussia is so hard on 
France, having ground that country into the dust. — ecu. 



Me.\'s lives should be like the days, more beautiful in the 
evening, or, like the spring, aglow with promise, and the 
autumn, rich with golden sheaves, where good works i 
have ripened on the field. 



:id deeds 



i§§^ 



A 






T' 



M 



0" TJ ^ E nsr I H. E IISrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



^1$ S^iiiitniU ltt$!raj!l0P, 



Sf 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUEDAY, MAY 11, 187:2. 
E]IDITOI?.I.A.Xj THIOTJCS-HTS. 




INCE the date of your last Dumber, namely 
on the oOth day of April, the brethren 
who, for several months i^revious, had been 
confined at Camp IViuglas, have been set 
at libertj'. Some days before the above 
date, I'resident Young was liberated on a 
writ of habeas corjms^ and it is exceedingly 
gratifying to know that all those who, but a 
short time ago, were in the hands of their 
bitter euemies, are now in the enjoyment of 
fuU and complete liberty. You all heard, long 
ago, of the arrest and imprisonment of these 
brethren, and of the earnest and untiring labors 
of bad men, some holding authority under the 
United States government, to accomplish their 
destruction at all risks, no matter what principles of 
law or justice they violated in doing so. Nothing 
short of this was aimed at, and judging b.v outward 
a]ipearances, the meshes of the web they had spread 
seemed to be almost impossible to break. This, without a 
doubt, ■vjas the result they expected ; but the Lord be praised, 
their schemes have been comjiletely thwarted, and the vile 
crew have been covered with defeat, and, we were going to say, 
shame, but we do not believe there is enough sense of honor 
and virtue left in them to feel anything of that kind. 

The deliverance wrought out for our brethren, is the more 
remarkable, because the case through which it was effected, was 
one with which not one of them was personally connected. It 
was briefly told, as follows; "Certain men opened a liquor 
store in Salt Lake Cit.v, and determined to sell lijuor without a 
license from the City Council to do so. Tiiey commenced busi- 
ness on this l)ase, and as the action was a violation of the city 
laws, the police, under authoril}', abolished the nuisance; in 
other words, tliey destroyed the utensils used in this li(iuor store, 
and poured the liquor into the street. Tliose who owned the 
establishment commenced an action at law to recover the worth of 
the materials destroyed, and damages for the detention and 
delay caused to their illegal business. A jury of twelve men 
was selected to hear and decide the case, and they, no doubt, 
having been chosen with such an end in view, gave a decision 
in favor of tlmsc to whnni the liquor belonged. It happened, 
however, that this jury had not been i;eleeted according to the 
laws of the Territory, and because of this the case was apjiealcd 
to tlie Supreme Court of the United States, at Washington. 
This Court is the highest judicial tribunal in the land; its 
judges arc men eminent for their experience in and knowledge 
of the law ; and many cases, tried in the various States of the 
( nion, and sfnne from the Territories, if the parties interested 
feel dissati.sfied with the decisions, arc taken before these 
gentlenjen, and if they decide that the trial and everything 
connected with it has been conducted according to law the 
decision is affirmed ; if they decide that the trial was not 
according to law, the judgment or decision is set aside, and 
whatever the ruhng of the Supreme Court may be, it is final — 
nothing can set it aside. 

In this liquor ease, the point raised, as already stated, was 
that the jury was not formed according; to law; aud a full 



%^^^ 



account of the trial and the mode in wliich it was conducted 
being sent to the Supreme Court, it was investigated by that 
tribunal. The judges decided that the jury was unlawfully 
formed, and they accordingly set aside the decision of the 
Court before which the case was tried in this city. 

The decision of the Supreme Court in this case was awaited 
in tills Territory with considerable interest, not because of the 
amount of money at issue in the matter, although that was ecm- 
siderable ; but because it was felt that, whatever it might 
be, it would materially influence the fate of the brethren 
who had been arrested; for the grand juries who had acted on 
their eases had also been formed in violation of the Territorial 
law ; and other officers had been employed iu connection with 
their eases who had no business to have any hand in the mat- 
ter ; and hence the decision of the Supreme Court in the liquor 
case would also apply to theirs. 

To secm-e the triumph of their schemes and jjlots, the enemies 
of Zion spared neither labor, time nor expense; and some of the 
master spirits among them took a journey to Washington, in 
order, if possible, to aceom])lish their ends ; but it is very grati- 
fying to be able to state that all their efforts failed, for the 
judgment of the Supreme Court was against them, and the 
victims of their malignity and hate are once again in the enjoy- 
ment of blessed freedom. This decision is a death-blow to the 
present hopes of the enemies of the Church and people of God, 
and is due in part to the fact that the gentlemen who compose 
the Supreme Court, are flir above partyism, and seek only to 
administer law and justice. The liberation of our brethren, 
and the stop put to the prosecutions commenced against them, 
being due solely to this decision, you can all see its import- 
ance and value; and it is safe to say that, never since the Church 
was organized, has a decision been rendered by the judges of the 
land of so much importance to its members, as this. It has 
completely squelched unjust judicial proceedings for the present, 
aud is as great and substantial a defeat as could be sustained 
by those who commenced them ; and if they had not already 
sunk too low, would make them wish to avoid the gaze of 
honorable men henceforth and for ever. 

The Saints, everywhere, our young readers included, will feel 
grateful to all nien who have felt an interest in, and have made 
an effort to secure this great triumph of right, and will accord 
to them all the credit due to their efforts ; but now, as on every 
other occasion, when the Church and Saints have been delivered 
from strait places, and out of trials and difficulties, they 
recognize the over-ruling hand of God, and give the praise to 
where it rightfully belongs. God only, had the power to mould 
men's hearts and feelings so as to secure the deliverance of His 
Saints, and having again exerted it in their behalf, let all His 
people praise Him 1 



IN another column, under the head "Correspondence," will be 
found a comnmnication from Master Willie I'almer, of 
Logan, Cache Co., who announces himself, and whom we 
gladly recognize, as a member of the "Try" Club of Utah Terri- 
tory. If Willie carries out the resolution he has embodied in 
his poetic attempt, he will become a distinguished member of 
the club, and will qualify himself for a useful position in 
society. He has talent, which cultivation will brighten, and 
we shall be pleased to hear from him again. Q here is nothiug 
so surely leads to success as constant trying; and the members 
of the "Try" Club are famous for that. We hope very many 
more of our readers will adopt the sentiment expressed in 
Willie's verse; if they do they may rest assured of spending 
honorable and useful lives. 



GllIO' knits two hearts in closer bonds than happiness ever 
can ; and common suffering is a far stronger link than common 

joy. 



Mk 




Or-D-^EZtTZLEi in^STI^TJOTOI^;, 



77 



THE ^LIMITJCS- TK.EE!. 



BY looking at the engraving you -will at once come to the 
conehision that the tree represented, is one ■which grows in 
Eastern lands, for the camel is a native of oriental climes, and is 
seldom seen elsewhere. The illustration is intended ibr the 
Almug, a tree mentioned in the Scriptures; but we think 
you will agree with us that if its history is as uniuteresting as 
its name is inelegant, the less said about it the better. Let us 
see, however, what can be said about a tree with a name in 
which there is so little euphony. But first of all, some little 
explanation may not be amiss about the word euphony ; for it 
is sheer nonsense, when writing for the instruction of children, 
to use words which they can not understand. Euphony is a 
word not very often used in the Juvenile Instructor, although 
it is the aim and desire of those who write for it to have their 
words and sentences euphonious. Well then, the word euphony 
is made up of two words from the Greek language, meaning 
"well" or "good," and "sound," and a word or sentence that 
possesses euphony, sounds pleasantly and agreeably ; and you 
will admit that the word "Almug" is not very euphonious. 

We will now have a few words about the Almug tree, for 
wliich the engraving is intended ; but how the artist who drew 
it could settle that in his own mind we can not tell, for those 




most learned in the history of the vegetable kingdom, can not 
come to a conclusion as to what tree the name "Almug" was 
given by the ancients; the belief most general among them is, 
that the Almug is the free from which the fimous sweet-smell- 
ing sandal wood was obtained. But our engraving hardly 
answers the description of the sandal tree; but that may be owing 
to the ignorance of the artist. Looking at the picture one could 
not but believe that the Almug is a large tree, for under its 
branches you see men mounted on camels, and all of you who 
have seen a camel know that a tree is not very small under 
whose branches it can shelter. The sandal wood tree which as 
we have already told you, is believed by the learned to be the 
Almug of the Scriptures, is an evergreen, little higher than a 
myrtle — a plant which, when cultivated, is seldom more than 
ten or twelve feet high. Tiie sandal wood is grown in the East 
Indies, Ceylon, and is common on several of the South Sea 
Islands. It is noted for its fragrance, and is used as a perfume 
by the Hindoos in their funeral ceremonies, and also as a medi- 
cine in some febrile and nervous diseases. The Chinese use the 



wood for many of the fancy articles, for the manufacture of 
which they are so famous ; they also gTind the wood of this 
tree to powder, and use it as a cosmetic. For fear you should 
not know the meaning of the word cosmetic, I must tell you it 
means anything that will beautify, or improve the complexion ; 
and, as a general thing, ladies are very fond of cosmetics. 

It is not the outside, but the heart of the Alumg or sandal 
wood tree, that is famous for its fragrance ; and when the trees 
are felled, the logs are buried in the earth for several weeks, 
that the white ants may eat away the outer wood, which they 
never faU to do, the heart being, when the trees are full grown, 
from two to thl-ee feet round. The wood when first cut is some- 
what elastic, but becomes hard on exposure to the air. The 
wood of some of the smaller trees is used for wood engraving, 
being considered second only to box wood for that purpose. 
The Almug, sandal and shittim wood of the Scriptures, are 
believed to be the same, with different names. 



T-EIE Ivr.^SS.A.OI^E OIF ST. 
B.i^K.TJiOLOIS/CE'W". 



FOR more than a century before the inspired Italian naviga- 
tor, Christopher Columbus, discovered the continent of 
America, the mutterings of popular discontent against the 
assumptions of the church of Eome were heard in various 
countries of Europe ; and these mutterings may be considered 
as the pioneers or fore-runners of the great Protestant Reform- 
ation, whivh, under the Monk of Wittenberg — Martin Luther, 
took the Catholic world by storm, in thc^early part of the 10th 
century. Germany was the cradle of the new movement, com- 
menced in earnest by Luther and his followers, but it soon 
spread into nearly every country in Europe, and a tremendous 
religious revolution followed, which dealt a blow at the power 
of the Catholic church from which it has never recovered. 

The members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, who may with very great propriety be called the relig- 
ious reformers of the 19th century, have learned some of 
the saddest lessons it is possible to learn in the school of religi- 
ous intolerance. From the commencement of their organization 
in 1830, until the present, they have never ceased to suffer from 
opposition and persecution from the religious world ; and the 
experience of the religious reformers (>f the 10th century was 
something similar, only on a much more extensive scale ; for so 
great was the power of Rome, and so numerous the adherents 
of the Romish church, that the Protestants found foes on every 
hand, and the Reformation created strife in nearly every house- 
hold. This general bitterness of feeling in the religious world 
was hightencd by political and private feuds, and fierce civil 
wars resulted, causing thousands of deaths and untold distress 
and suffering. In Great Britain, France, Holland, and 
various other nations of Europe wars eventually took place 
between the Catholics and the Protestants, or Dissenters ; and 
in no country, perhaps, was the strife more bitter and waged 
with more fierceness than in France. In that country the Prot- 
estants were called Huguenots, and we desire, in this chapter, 
to furnish our young readers with some account of a melancholy 
episode in their history, and one of the most cold-blooded, 
merciless and unjustifiable massacres that ever was perpetrated. 

Charles the Ninth became king of France in the year 1560, 
being then only ten years of age. The widow of Henry the 
Second, Catharine de Bledicis, mother of Charles, was regarded 
as one of the ablest women of her times, and she is now thought 
to have been one of the most wicked women of all times. She 
had been working and scheming for years to obtain power in 
France, and in hopes of doing so had had recourse to various 
stratagems, and is accused of having caused the death of her 
eldest son, Francis the Second, Charles' predecessor. On 



'^Ig^i 



a? 




a-TJ"^rE!3^ILE! UsTSTi^TJOTOI?/. 



^^t 



Charles' accossioD, be being so young in years, a regency was 
created, with his mother at the head of it, which made her 
liead of the government, in reality, if not in name. At that 
time France was rent with religious strife, growing out of the 
Eeformation, referred to above. The people were divided into 
two religious parties, the Huguenots, or Protestants, and the 
Catholics, the latter numbering a very large majority of the whole 
people. At the head of the Catholic party were the Guises, 
one of the great aristocratic families of the country ; the Prot- 
estants were under the leadership of the Prince of Conde, 
Admiral Coligny, and others. The war between the two parties 
had been waged with more or less ferocity for years before 
Charles the Ninth became king, and it was continued for years 
after, the queen mother now taking the side of the Catholics 
and then the side of the Huguenots, just as she thought would 
best answer her own ambitious purposes and designs. She is 
said to have been indifferent to, and totally free from sympathy 
with, religion of any kind ; and her vUe course, and the numer- 
ous murders she is accused of having committed or instigated, 
are ample testimony of the truth of this statement. 

At length, weary of cutting each others' throats, these great 
Christian factions of France, eleven or twelve years after 
Charles ascended the throne, concluded a treaty of peac« in 
which such favorable terms were granted to the Huguenots 
by the king, who belonged to the dominant party — the Catholics 
as to excite general surprise. But events which took place after- 
wards, indicated that, under the lenity and kindness outwardly 
shown, there was a plan of vengeance maturing, the execution 
of which, even at this day, after a lapse of three hundred years 
can not be read without detestation of its fearful atrocity. 

The Protestant leaders went to I'aris to ratify the treaty of 
peace, among them Prince Henry of Beam, who was shortly to 
marry the king's sister, Margaret of A'alois. The conclusion of 
l)eace, and the marriage of a Protestant prince, naturally enough 
drew to Paris a large concourse of Protestants, and this gather- 
ing, and the wedding of her daughter, were taken advantage of 
by the queen mother, to carry out her scheme— namely the 
■massacre of the Huguenots. On the 18th day of August 1572 
the royal wedding took place, the ceremonies and festivities in 
its honor being of the grandest character, and lasting several 
days, the Huguenots, during their progress, being loaded with 
civilities and the recipients of special favors. 

The sixth day of the festivities was the festival of St. 
Bartholomew, and the evening of that day was fixed for the 
massacre. The parties selected to do the dreadful work were 
the Catholic burghers, or citizens, of Paris, aided by the Italian 
guard ; their movements were to be directed and controlled by 
the Duke of Guise. Tlie murderers were to wear a white cross 
on their hats, and a scarf on the left arm ; and the signal for 
the work of death to commence was the tolling of the great bell 
of the palace, to be followed by the tolling of a bell from a 
neighboring church. The houses of the Catholics throughout 
the city were to be illuminated, so that the assassins might be able 
to distinguish the residences of their victims. On the afternoon 
of the fatal day, it is said that the king was very restless and 
uneasy, as if he dreaded the execution of the fearful plan. As 
midnight drew near his agitation became intense, and the final 
order for the massacre of the Protestants was obtained with 
great ditliculty; but the efforts of the queen mother were finally 
successful, and at about half past one o'clock the fatal bell was 
tolled. This was the signal that Guise was waiting for, and 
immediately the streets were filled with armed men. The 
duke and some of his followers went first to the hotel of the 
aged Admiral Coligny, and forcing open the doors, some of the 
men went up stairs to the room occupied by the admiral, whom 
they found at prayer. One of the baud with a drawn sword in 
his hand said to him, "Art thou Coligny?" He replied, "I 
am, young man respect these gray hairs." In reply, the soldier 
pierced the admiral' .= body several times with his weapon, and 



when he had murdered him, the body was thrown into the 
street, where the Duke of Guise was awaiting the return of his 
men. 

From house to house the band of murderers then proceeded, 
the streets soon resounding with the cries of the dying. 
Neither ago nor sex was spared. Infants on their mother's 
bosoms, the gray haired grandsire, helpless and venerable with 
age, as well as those in the prime of life and health being 
slaughtered, and by the dawn of the morning of the 25th the 
silence of death reigned in every house occupied by those who 
were known to have embraced the reformed faith. 

Similar scenes were enacted in several of the principal cities 
of Prance, as soon as the order of the king was received by the 
authorities, and throughout France the number of people mur- 
dered in the massacre of St. Bartholomew is said to have 
reached seventy thousand. In Paris alone, the number is 
estimated to have been about ten thousand and five hundred. 

The wretched king spent the remainder of his short life in 
the greatest distress of mind, on account of the enormity of the 
crime he had authorized and permitted, and in less than two 
years he died, his death, it is asserted, being hastened by the 
remorse he experienced on account of the massacre of St. 
Bartholomew. 



-A. ID AT E 2sr T TJ K. E S AATI T HI 
C3-K.IZZXjIES. 



W 



ONE day in the year 1863, I was lounging lazily under the 
shadow of a magnificent cedar, near the Pen d' Oreille 
river, when a canoe glided softly over the glassy waters, plied 
by Indian hunters, who came to tell me of two enormous 
"grizzlies" that had just passed along the trail leading to the 
hills behind my camping ground. 

The Pen d' Oreille river is a tributary to the mighty Columbia. 
Its scenery, unsurpassed by any stream west of the llocky 
Mount;iins, possesses a wild beauty and substantial grandeur 
peculiarly its own. It is a stream memorable in the history of 
the fur traders, as being the route followed by Captains Lewis 
and Clark, the pioneers of the far Northwest. The portion of 
it where our story commences is named Clark Fort by the fur 
traders, Synakwateen by the Indians; the latter word inter- 
preted, means a crossing, and is so designated because used by 
all the Indians, en route to the buffalo plains, as the best jilace 
to swim the ir horses. 

It was about the middle of June, and the lovely summer was 
in the full pride and strength of its sunny beauty. Its scorch- 
ing heat was tempered and rendered enjoyable by the breeze, 
ever stealing softly down the valleys and the ravines, cooled 
from its sojourn in the regions of ice. 

A hunter's preparations are soon completed. In ten minutes 
we were ready for a start. Our route lay, by canoe, about three 
miles up the river, thence by trail into the liills, to seek the lair 
of the bears. A canoe, lot me inform the novice, is not by any 
moans such a delightful fairy-like bark as poetry has invariably 
portrayed it. Jlade from the rind of the cedar tree, stretched 
over a framework of sticks, it is as light as a basket, capsizing 
with a facility dangerously disagreeable to the inexperienced. 
First, one has to get in — at all times a service of danger, except 
to the native. Cautiously one foot has to be placed in the 
centre of the canoe, and the other brought by slow degrees to 
the side of it; the slightest deviation from the vertical, and a 
plunge is the instant result. Having so far succeeded, the next 
thing is to sit down in the bottom — a process ^requiring groat 
pliancy of back and flexibility of limb. The least sHp, the 
smallest preponderance of weight to one side, and you are in 
the water with magical rapidity. Down at last you sit, with 
your legs perfectly straight; and as there is no support for the 



r?3i^' 



^i^^\ 



p4 



O-TJ'VElNrilL.E I ISrSTI^TJ 07 012/. 



-■^^m 



79 






back, the position closely approximates that of a culprit ia the 
stocks. Cramp, crick in the back, or unpleasant tiivinges must 
be borne. Dare to rest an arm, ever so lightly on the edge of 
the canoe, a sudden keeling over, and a consciousness of being 
up to your waist in water, is the result of your indiscretion. In 
the bow sits a grim redskin, the paddler; behind, aaother 
equally ugly, steering. 

As we paddle along, I may as well iatroduce my companions, 
both pure Indians, belonging to a small tribe — the Pen d' Oreille 
— taking their name from the river, or the river from them. 
(The origin of the name I am at a loss to imagine, as they wear 
no ear ornaments. ) One, short, thick, muscular, square-shoul- 
dered, and very bow-legged, his Indian name unspellable, or 
unpronounceable if spelt, meaning "he of the fleet feet," I 
called Quelp, a brave hunter, most skillful tracker, decently 
good shot, but having a decided weakness for the "fire-water of 
the pale faces." The other was much younger; what he lacked 
in muscular strength and development, had its equivalent in 
extreme activity and power of endurance ; by his Indian name 
he was know as "he of the thumb like a blunt arrow;" but I 
designated him "the Satellite." Their hair they wore long, 
hanging down their backs to their waist; their only clothing 
was a piece of skin or blanket tied round the middle. Each 
owned a trade gun, a canoe, and a skin lodge, possessions con- 
stituting the owner wealthy in his tribe. 

We land on a grassy slope, like an exquisite hiwo, stretching 
down from the timber to the water's edge; carry up the canoe, 
an I carefully hide it in the bushes ; then start for our journey 
up the mountain side. 

Our path led up the course of a mountain burn, winding 
through vast fragments of rock that completely covered the hill- 
side. The climbing was difficult and tedious as we gained in 
altitude. Reaching at last a level plateau, the sharp eye of 
Quelp detected the trail of the bears. They appeared to have 
passed several hours ahead of us. A council of war was held ; 
and as there was very little probability of our overtaking the 
grizzlies until too dark to risk a fight, we determined on camp- 
ing, and following them early in the morning. 

To fully realize what solitude means, is to be alone in tbe 
wilds of a primeval forest. As the shadows fade, and the 
purple light of the setting sun lingers round the hill-tops, the 
birds settle down to sleep and the busy hum of forest life 
gradually dies away; a death-like silence creeps over the wilder- 
ness, not a sound but the measured rhythm of our own breath- 
ing, whilst the occasional howl of the wolf, or scream of the 
night-owl seem intensified to a loudness perfectly unearthly and 
appalling. Supping royally on a grouse, skewered on a long, 
peeled stick, in lieu of spit, and thus roasted over the fire ; we 
slept as only tired hunters can sleep. 

The unrisen sun was just tinting the surrounding hills with 
its cold, grey light, when a rough shaking from Quelp disturbed 
pleasant dreams of home, and friends, and far-off lauds. We 
looked carefully at the guns, to avoid any chance of damp caus- 
ing a miss-fire — a hunter's first consideration ; for grizzlies — let 
me tell you, to whom they are only known traditionally — are, as 
the Scotch say, " kittle cattle to shoe." As the lion is king of 
the jungle in Africa and India, so does the grizzly rule supreme 
over the prairie and through the forests of the "Far West." 
Every beast dreads an encounter with a grizzly; few horses can 
be brought to face him ; the bison flies at his approach ; and 
the Indians hold him in such fear that a necklace made from his 
claws is the greatest proof of courage a hunter can exhibit; not 
a gold-seeker or trapper but carefully looks out for "bar signs," 
knowing well the danger of his hug. 

Following the trail through a belt of timber and out on an 
open grassy slope, where wild raspberries grew in great abund- 
ance, it was clear the bears had supped on the luscious fruit, the 
bushes being broken and tramjiled down. Several places were 
pointed out by Quelp, who, going through a strange pantomime 



performance, made me understand that the bears had here sat 
on their haunches, as is their wont to do when they clean their 
mouths and whiskers with their ponderous feet. About three 
hundred yards further up the slope, here very steep and quite 
clear of trees, was an immense heap of rocks, large angular 
masses, piled like giant masonry. Pointing to the tracks that 
led from the bushes up the hillside toward the rocks, down went 
Quelp on the grass, and, coiling himself up like a dog, placing 
one hand over his head, thus demonstrated his belief that the 
bears were fast asleep in the crevices of the rocks. 

Great care was needed, first to get the wind ; that is, that the 
breeze should blow from the animal to the hunter, otherwise their 
keen sense of smell discovers the approach of man, even when 
they are sleeping. Not a word was to be whispered. The 
rocks reached, we were to ascend them at three different points; 
in case the bear should hear us and come out, one of the three 
would be pretty sure to get a shot. Separating at the base of 
the cairn, that in shape was an irregular triangle, I took the 
upper side, Quelp the lower, the Satellite the angle betwixt us, 
nearest the timber, leading into which was a well trodden path. 
Though not afraid, my heart beat loudly, and I hardly dared to 
breathe. The first rays of the sun, now just clear of the hills, 
slanted down upon the lichen-clad rocks, lighting up the dark 
crevices and caves, revealing their innermost depths ; the dew- 
drops, hangmg on every spray and leaf, glittering like countless 
gems. A stone displaced by accident, or the chirp of a bird, 
made me start ; for I knew not how soon Bruin would be upon 
me, or whence he might come. In a stealthy manner I had 
climbed about half-way to the summit. Resting on a kind of 
ledge, I discovered, by drawing myself along on my stomach, 
that I could peep over and see what was going on. Just below 
me, on a flat rock, Quelp was on his knees, his gun at his 
shoulder, leveled into a large crevice, whilst emerging from a 
hole behind him was a gigantic grizzly. I could see with hor- 
ror that a single bound only was needed. The glittering ej'e ; 
rounded back, every muscle quivering with rage and ferocity, 
told in language not to be mistaken, that the bound would 
follow in a second, and that poor faithful Quelp's tenure of life 
would be speedily ended. 

(To be Continued.) 






A WELL-KNOWN clergyman was crossing Lake Erie, 
some years ago, upon one of the lake steamers, and seeing 
a small lad at the wheel, steering the vessel, he accosted him as 
follows : 

"My son, you appear to be a small boy, to steer so large a 
boat." 

" Yes, sir," was the reply, "but you see I cau do it, though." 

" Do you think you understand your business, my son?" 

"Yes, sir, I think I do." 

" Cau you box the compass?" 

"Yes, sir." 

" Let me hear you box it." 

The boy did as requested, when the minister said : 

"Well, really, you can do it! Can you box it backwards?" 

" Yes, sir," 

"Let me hear you." 

The boy again did as requested, when the minister further 
remarked : 

"I declare, my son ! y(iu dn seem to understand your busi- 
ness." 

The boy then took his turn at question-asking, beginning : 

" Prav, sir, what might be your business?" 

" I am a minister of the gospel." 

" Do you understand your business?" 



;^^^. 



^^B 



,ir_ 






80 



a-TJ^E3SriLE i:tTSTI?.TJOTOIS/ 



"I think I do, my son." 

" Can you say the Lord's Prayer?" 

"Yes." 

"Say it;' 

The clergyman did so, repeating the -words in a fervent man- 
ner, as though trying to make an impression on the lad. 

" Well, really," said the boy at its conclusion, you do know 
it, don't you? Now say it backwards." 

" Oh! I can't do such a thing as that. Of course " 

" You can't do it, eh?" interniptcd the boy. "Well, then 
.vou see I understand my business a great deal better than you 
do j'ours." 

The clergyman acknowledged himself beat, and retired. 

Selected. 



The Yokohama Ilendd furnishes interesting statistics in 
reference to the population of Japan. Thus, the "Paimios," 
or ennobled aristocracy, with their relatives, number 3,180, and 
the " iSamurari," or the literary and military orders, amount to 
1,872,959. The priests number 408,009, of whom 244,089 are 
Buddhists, and 163,320 belong to the "Sintoo" priesthood. 
The latter profess tlie religion of the Court and the higher 
circles of the State. The industrial population, consisting of 
farmers, artificers, shopkeepers and laborers, number 31,954,821 
souls. Underneath the above classes arc 456,095 persons, com- 
posing the " Yeta," or interdicted class, the members of which 
live in separate villages, perform the lowest trades, such as 
those of tanners and skinners, and are considered as the 
''Pariahs" of Japan. The professional beggars of the country, 
including the blind, the deaf and dumb, and the lame, are 
estimated to number 82,920. The entire population, therefore 
amounts to 34,778,590 persons, who live in 0,955,718 houses 
giving an average of five persons to each house. 



popr^sxjunScncc, 



I>o<;an, May S, 1ST3. 
Jiditor Juvenile Innlriiclor: 

'Sib, I was much plcasod ■with the intruJiiction to "A 
Member of the 'Try' Club" in tlic last Instuuctok, and if the follow- 
ing lines arc worth puMishin'j; thoy arc at j'our disposal; 

I wish to join with the "Try" Club, 

And do the best I can ; 
To spend my time in douii; g"od, 

And crow a useful man. 
If at the first I don't suereed 

I'll "try," and "try" ajrain, 
I'ntil I i;ain the thini: I need 

And prove "I can't" is vain. 
Now if my task at first seems yreat, 

I'll "try" with all my might 
I'ntil I can with joy relate 

•Siicccis in doin'^ right. 

WjI.I.lK I'Al.MRR. 



»9'^»>€< 



[For the Juvenil- Instructor, 



C H: J^ K. JL ID E , 



II T n I K A M E . H O Y T . 



I am composed of 14 letters; 

My 0, II), 11, 12, 13, 14, is what every living thing has ; 
My 2, "., 4, 1, ]:;, a. Is a feminine name; 
■My r., r,, '.), 12, cannot be found ; 
My 7, fi, 14, 11, is what the poor need ; 
My wliole hat lieen studied from tlic earliest tiinep, and, 
lively, little Is known of it yet. 



iiiiliara- 



We have received a Charade from Miss Charlotte Shelley; but as 
she has not sent the answer it can not Ik; inserted. No Charades will 
lie inserted unless the answers accompany them. 



0Ucf$& $O0fuy» 



I=K..-EOEF'I? .^l^ID lei^^CITIGE- 



AN ATHENIAN STOUT— BV MACAULEY. 



In Athens, ere the sun of fame had set. 

Midst pomp and show the gazing-crowds were met, 

Intent forever upon something new, 

The mimic wonder of the stage to view. 

So where the wide-extended circus spreads, 
In gathered ranks its sea of living heads, 
Ranged in close order, rising row on row, 
The void arena claims the space below. 

The seats were filled; but ere the show liegan, 
A stranger entered— 'twas an aged man ; 
Awhile he sought a place with aspect mild ; 
The polished young Athenians sat and smiled, 
Eyed his confusion with a sidelong glance. 
But kept their seats, nor rose on his advance. 

O for a bummg lilush of deeper hue, 
To mark the shame of that self-glorious crew ; 
How poor the produce of fair learning's tree, 
That boars no fruits of sweet humility! 
The growth of arts and sciences, how vain 
In hearts that feel not for another's jiaiu ! 

Not so the Spartan youth, whose simple school 
Instilled the plain but salutary rule 
Of kindnesF, and whose honest souls preferred 
Truth to display— performance to the word. 

These Spartan youths had their appointed place 
Apart from Attica's distinguished race, 
And rose with one accord, intent to prove 
To honored age their duty and their love ; 
Nor did a Spartan j'outh his seat resume 
Till the old man found due and fitting room. 

Then came the sentence of reproof and praise, 
Stamped with the stcrnncsB of the aiu'ient days, 
For, standing full amid the assembled crowd, 
The venerable stranger cried aloud ; 
' The Athenians learn their duty well, but lo! 
The Spartans practice what the Athenians know." 

The words were good, and in a virtuous cause ; 

The}' justly eanied a nation's glad applause; 

But we have surer words of jireeept given 

In God's own book, the words that came from heaven — 
' Be kind, courteous, be all honor shown." 
' Seek others' welfare rather than thuie own." 



Tni; answer to the Charade in No. 8, Is PARLEY 1'. I'HATT. 
Correct solutions have been received from J. Ilyrum I'arry, Charles 
A. Lamboume, Elihu Barrell, Joseph Bull jr., Joseph Tingey, James 
H. Anderson, James Poulton, Carlos I'oulton, Theodore J. Angell, 
City; Hiram E. lloyt, Iloytsvillc; Sarah Ann James, Paradise. 



CTTJAT'EZSriLE inSrSTK.TJGTOI^ 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVKUY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Hiniile Coji)/, per Annum ?2 50. 

*»- (Irain broii^'ht to tliis City for the Ji'VrcNiLK Instkuotor will b« 
icceivcd at the oOice of our papur— Deskkkt Nkws Uuilhinos. 




