
VOL. 9. 



S.ILT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 17, 1874. 



NO. 2. 



J^ 3Sr E ^^ S T E I?. iT 



O ^vAT. 




OUR j-outh- 
ful readers 
will most likely 
laugh at the 
absurd figure 
cut by the man 
in the engrav- 
ing.leaningand 
pushing, a n d 
at the same 
time watehing 
so intently the 
course of that 
rude looking 
instrum ent 
which he has 
hold of. Nor 
would ive blame 
them if they 
did laugh, for 
what could ap- 
pear more ludi- 
crous to a per- 
.son used to see- 
ing or u s i n g 
the imi)roved 
farming imple- 
ments now so 
commcn, than 
a full grown 
man trying to 
plow with such 
a n awkward, 
clumsy-looking 
an-angement as. 
that represent- 
ed in our en- 
graving. We 
might reconcile 
the idea of 
children when 
"playing farm- 
ing" using such 
plow, but it 




seems almost 
incredible that 
men of mature 
years should 
ever be guilty 
nf trifling away 
their time by 
using such a 
thing. And 
such a yoke! 
Tliat is almost 
as bad as the 
plow ! Who 
would ever 
think of mak- 
ing an ox yoke 
ike that in our 
ay and in this 
country ? But 
absurd as it 
all appears, and 
ncredible as it 
seems, that 
such rude tools 
as these were 
ever used, it is 
none the less 
true, that our 
picture is a fery 
lairrepresenta- 
ti(in of the an- 
cient style of 
plowing in Pal- 
estine, and in- 
deed is not 
very much im- 
proved yet. in 
some districts 
of the East. 

A writer on 
antiquities.says 
of this plow : 

T h e plow- 
.sharc is a i>iec 





14: 



Cr U ^ E n^ I Hi El in^STI^TJCTOI^. 




of iron, somewhat broad, but not^large, fixed to the end of a 
shaft that lies flat.'^.Two handles, and sometimes only one, 
standing nearly upright from this shaft, prepare it to be guided 
by the plowman's hand; while a pole of sufiieient length, rudely 
fastened to the same bottom, near the handles, and slanting 
upwards to the proper height, answers the ])uri>ose of a beam, 
to which is fixed the eomuion yoke for drawing. ' ' With such 
a plow as this, it must not he supposed they could turn over a 
sod or make such a furrow as we can with our modern plow. 
The ancient farmer had to be content with .scratching a very 
shallow ftirrow. Nor was it an easy job to do this, tor the plow, 
being so light, was very hard to keep in the ground and steady 
to as to make a straight furrow, and the person using it might 
well be excused for leaning heavily on the handle and pushing 
at the plow as we see the man doing in the picture, as though 
he were trying to ease his oxen. Our Savior had reference to 
this care which is necessary to steady the plow, when he said, 
figuratively: "No man. having put his hand to the plough and 
looking back, is fit for the kingdom of heaven." It is very evi- 
dent that if a man using such a plow as this were to look 
behind him. it would result in a crooked furrow, if nothing 
worse. 

We read in the Scriptures of plow-shares being beaten into 
swords and swords into plow-shares, a task not so easy if we 
take for exami>le our modern swords and plowshares; but not 
so with the ancient ones. The plow-.share in olden times did 
not diifer much in shape from a .sword, and we read that it was 
not unusual in early days for the people to thus utilize either 
as war or peace might re(|uire. 

We see in the hand of the plowman a long stick or goad with 
a .spike in the end to urge on his team with. This was gener- 
ally made seven or eight feet long and on one end had a flat 
piece of iron fastened, with which to scrajie the soil from the 
plow. The ancieiit.s also sometimes used this for a weapon in 
time of war in the place of a spear. It was an ox-goad 
that we read in tlie Bible of Shamgar using, when he slew with 
it six hundred Philistines and thereby delivered Israel. 

The harrows u.sed in tho.se olden times were quite as rude as 
the plow, and generally consisted of a heavj' clump of wood or 
a b\uuh of brush, which being dragged over the land after the 
l)lowing. levelled it. 

To draw these plows and harrows and do farm-work gener- 
ally bulls and cows, or as.ses were used, and all were worked 
with a yoke. But a law prevented the people from working a 
imll or a cow with an ass, under the .same yoke, not only on 
account of their strength being unequal and their habits differ- 
ent and their associations uiniatural, but in order to make a 
siicred distinction Vjctween the "clean" and the "unclean" 
beast.-i. as the ox was considered among the former, while the 
a.ss was cla.s.sed among the latter. 

There can be no doubt that in the art of tilling the soil, great 
improveinent,s have been made since the daj's of which we 
write, and in this respect [ierha)is more than in any other does 
the ijresent generation surpa.vs those that have preceded it. 




TvRoi.KSK ,^()N(iS. — In the mountains of Tyrol, hundreds of 
wimicii ami children come out, at bed-time, and sing their 
natiiinal .^iings. until they hear their hu.sbands, fathers, and 
brothers, answer them from the hills on their return home. 
I pon the shore of the Adriatic, the wives of the fishermen 
come diiwii. abimt sunset, and sing one of their melodies. They 
sing the first verse, and then listen for sometime; then they 
sing a .•'econd; and so on. till they hear the aii.swer from the 

hermen, who are thus guided to their homes. 



B TJ I^ I E ID BIT T H: E 



BY J. N. S. 



THE summer of 1864 was unusually sickly upon the plains, 
the season being veiy drj' and hot. Our route after leaving 
the little town of Wyoming, on the bank of the Missouri 
river, was across a rolling prairie country, with occasiona 
streams of water, then nearly dry, until we reached the Platte 
river. 

While crossing this part of the country we were often under 
the necessity of using the water fi'om holes and pools in the 
beds of the creeks. The season was well advanced, and not 
before the latter part of August did the slow ox train with 
passengers and freight reach the bottom bordering upon the 
Platte. Here the water was much better, but the seeds of 
disease were already planted in some of the passengers, who 
were attacked with dian-hoea of the most malignant type. It 
was the last train of the season, and was said to be more heavily 
laden in proportion to the strength of the teams, than any of 
the others that preceded it. To add to the embarrassment, 
there came the rumor of Indian troubles ahead, and we met 
settlers almost daily who were leaving their homes upon the 
frontiers. Some of these claimed to be wounded in skirmishes 
with the Indians, and many declared they would not stop 
until they had placed the Missom-i river between them and 
the dreaded enemy. We were just entering upon a district of 
burned and abandoned ranches, and were told of a large train 
of goverment sujiplies, not far ahead, that had been captured 
and burned and some of the teamsters kUled by the Indians. 
In our camp very little was said about any danger, but a close 
observer would have frequently noticed an anxious expression 
upon the features of the captain and the same with other lead- 
ing men. And truly the company was poorly prejiared to 
make successful resistance. The passengers were mostly women 
and children, and all were without anus of defense. Some of 
the teamsters had no other weapons than the customary belt 
revolver. 

One sultry noon, as soon as the halt was made the 
word went around that a young sister had died during the 
morning drive, and would be buried immediately. Tlie prepa- 
rations for the solemnity were of the simplest character. 
While the men dug the grave a short distance away upon a 
low bench or plateau, the women wi-apped the form of the 
deceased in many folds of blankets. There was no bier, and 
the body was somewhat rudely, though tenderly borne to the 
place of sepulchre by friendly hands. And what had been 
her histoiy, we eageriy enquired. The short story of her life 
was soon told. She had been for years a member of the 
church in England, and for a considerable time betrothed to a 
youug missionary who could not well be spared to emigrate. 
They had agreed that they would not get married until he 
should be released, and then they would make the journey 
together. They were married on board the ship, but a few 
short weeks had passed, and now her dream of married life 
and earthly hai)ijiness was over. The young husband was too 
ill U) folhjw the burial party without assistance. His grief was 
very touching. 

Green boughs and young willows and a profusion of wild 
flower.s formed the only substitute for a coffin. As we looked 
d(jwn into the grave, it seemed hard to leave her there alone, 
amid that sea of waving grass, in that unmarked spot— but 
our reflections were abruptly interrupted by the captain's hoarse 
voice calling to the guard to drive in the cattle. 





CTTJ^ZEn^ILEl IITSTI^TJCTOI^ 



15 




.i^nsr Ej^sTEi?.3sr E2^:fi^ess. 




OA'^ER just such a road as tlie one shown in our engraving, 
the man traveled who, between Jerusalem and Jerichoi 
fell among theives, as our Savior tells us in his parable of the 
good Samaritan. Rough and rocky, winding, uneven and 
narrow are the characteristics of nearly everj' road in Palestine. 
In fact, some travelers contend that there are no roads in the 
country, that what are called roads are simply trails, or the 
ruined, unre- 
paired, worn- 
out remains oi 
what were roads 
in the days 
when Solomon 
reigned king 
over Israel, or 
Herod ruled the 
country as Ro- 
man tetrarch. 
The curse of the 
Lord has been 
on that land so 
long, and the 
earth has pro- 
duced of her 
fruit so spar- 
ingly, that few 
roads have been 
needed to sup- 
])ly the wants of 
the debased and 
poverty - strick- 
en population, 
nor has it been 
in accord with 
the languid in- 
dustrial policy 
of the Turkish 
rulers of the 
land to can y 
out any exter- 
sive works to 
facilitate com- 
merce and trav 
el. To-day wag- 
ons, carriage s 
and other vehi- 
cles are almost 
if not entire'y 
unknown en 
tho.se roads. If 
the governor of 
one town visitsj 
another, he 
travelsonhor.se 
back, so do his 

guards and retinue. The baggage is borne on the liacks of 
asses or camels. From the earliest times such animals have 
been the beasts of burden in the far East. The merchant. al,-;o, 
transports his goods in the jiriniitive manner sh<iwn in our 
illustration. 

In looking at the engraving, the words of Jacob, pronounced 
ui)on his son Issachar, are brought vividly to our m'nd. When 
.ssing his twelve sons before bis death, the patriarch said; 




"Lssachar is a strong ass, crouching between two burdens; and 
he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant, 
and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a servant unto 
tribute." We may judge from this that the mode of trans- 
portation in Canaan in the days of Jacob, some .^..^OO years 
since, was much the same as at the present time. 

The horse, to-day, as in ancient times, is .seldom used as a 

lieast of bur- 
den. Tlie bag- 
gage horses to 
( be found in Pal- 
estine at the 
present are few 
in number and 
small in .size, 
without great 
speed, but with 
much power of 
endurance. It 
i^ a noticeable 
act that in the 
many instances 
in which refer- 
ence is made to 
the horse in the 
Bible, it is al- 
most always in 
connection with 
actual warfare 
(ir the prejiara- 
tion therefor. 
Then, as now, 
the ox was the 
animal used in 
the jteaceful 
pursuits of ag- 
ricultural life; 
that creature 
dragged the 
]i'ow and trod 
nut the grain, 
while the camel 
iind the ass oc- 
I'upied thepo.«i- 
tion of the rail- 
■iiad baggage 
rar in our mod- 
em style of rap- 
I transporta- 
tion. 

For long jour- 
neys across the 
arid deserts of 
Arabia. Egypt, 
Nubia, etc., the 

camel is nmch more vahi:ililc tliiiii the a^,^, (Jod has manife.stly 
created it to be the "ship of the desert." No animal that 
mankind i.s acquainted with is so peculiarly organized inter- 
nally and externally, evidently for the express imri)o.«e of 
enaljliTig it to safely cross those vast arid desin-ts, which cover 
so large an extent ot the continents of Asia and Africa. No 
trace can be found in history of the camel in a wild state, from 
the earliest ages, it apjiears to have been the servant of man- 





16 



JU"V En^ILS IICTSTI^ U OTOI^ 




kind. Camels formed part of the wealth of Abraham and liis 
early descendants. The children of Ishmael, to whom Joseph 
was sold, the book of Genesis informs us, "came from Gilead 
with their camels" on their way to Egypt with merchandise. 
The notices of this animal are very frequent throughout the 
Scriptures. 

The camel's fle.-h, which was forbidden to the Israelites, is 
eaten by the Arabs, and its milk is a constant article of food. 
The hair is shorn every year and woven into coarse cloth by the 
women. Riding camels are often gayly ornamented with bright 
trappings, which custom is referred to in Judges viii, 21. 




I em I Sir If. 



BV BETH, 




IT is exactly one hundred years since the existence of oxygen 
as au elementary principle was discovered; it happens there- 
fore, approijriately. to be the subject of the first lesson in a 
series of articles upon Elementaiy Chemistry, which we pur- 
pose publishing. 

If oxygen is not the most imjiortant it is the most abundant 
element; one-fifth of the bulk of the air we breathe, eight out 
of nine parts, by weight, of water, three out of four parts of 
the bodies of all the animals, one half (,>f all the rocks of which 
the earth's crust is formed being oxygen. 

This element was called by many difi'orent names — vital air 
appears to be the best among them for giving u.s an idea of one 
of its most imp(.irtant properties. It received the name of 
oxygen, because it was suiijiosed to be the cause of acidity — 
sourness — in bodies. It is now known that hydrogen has this 
acid-making property. 

Oxygen is a permanent gas; that is, it cannot by any means 
known be compressed or rendered into the fluid or solid form, 
as some gases can. It has no smell, or taste, or color; it com- 
liincs with every other element except one — it is not known to 
form chemical union with fluorine. It is a suiiporter of com- 
bustion; that is, it combines chemically with combustible bodies, 
or. substances that are ca])able of being burned. 

Open the draught of the stove; in rushes oxygen. Why'? 
It is in the air; it has au aifinity for the heated fuel; it attacks 
it on every side, in fact, combines with it. The solid carbon 
vani.shes fmni sight; two particles of oxj-gen seize upon one of 
carbou, and fly nff with it. as carbonic acid. The opaque, 
black, solid carbon, or coal, has become a transi)arent. refrac- 
tive, but invisible gas! Here oxygen is seen as a supporter of 
combustion. 

Our bodies are like a stove: with every inspiration of fresh 
air. in rushes the nxygeii. \\ hat is there to burn'.' The fuel 
in the blood. Just as fuel is needed in the stove, so is it in 
the human furnace; the food afl'ords the fuel or carbon. All 
o\ir lives the tire is burning; all our lives fuel is being sujiplied 
— fat, oil, sugar and starch — all are burnt in the system; heat 
is given off ceaseles.sly, because friel is supplied constantly. 

In the bloc.id are fine particles of iron, in close ass(jciati(]n 
witli globules that circulate thr(jugh the .-system. With every 
draught of fresh air into the Innirs. the o.xygen unites with the 
iron, and is absorbed in the bluod. ( )n sweeps the living 
torrent charged with ox\gen, tingling throutrh every artery 
and vein, giving renewed vitidity and vigor to every tissue! 

ow does it do thi^'.' The oxygen that has chemically com- 



bined witli the iron leaves the iron and combines with the car- 
bon. It burns the fuel wherever it finds it. The finest capO- 
laries, or hair-like tubes of the system, so called on account of 
their fineness, are all the recipients of that warmth that is 
essential to vitality! Here we see oxygen as the sustainer or 
preserver of life. 

Now we do not breathe pure oxygen, it is diluted; as we 
have seen, one-fifth of the air is 0. In this creation the 
elements are nicely balanced. Pure oxygen, as an atmosphere 
to dwell in, would be destructive, for, as the poet prettOy 
expresses it: 

"A spark could set the world on fire." 

Oxygen gas breathed is exhilirating in the highest degree; 
but an animal immersed in it quickly dies — the quick combus- 
tion burns out the lamp of life. Ignited bodies in oxygen gas 
burn with great rapidity. Were the air pure oxygen, our 
lamps would burn as well as the oil they contain. Our stoves 
would blaze with brilliant corruscations. Even our dweUings 
would, if kindled, burn with ungovernable furj-, not only the 
timbers, the very nails and foundations would become the prey 
of the devom-ing flames. 




x^:E\oi<rj^Ti.JDO idjl. Arinsrai. 



From Vliwnbers' MisceUa 



"y. 



OF all the annals of youthful genius, there are none more 
remarkable than the history of Leonardo da Vinci. He 
was wonderful in his childhood for original genius; in youth 
for the surprising versatility of those talents, both natural and 
acquu-ed; and in mature life he seemed able to do ever}'thiiig, 
and, moreover, to do everything well. He was at once, fiainter, 
sculptor, architect, musician, poet, mechanist, chemist, astron- 
omer: a man of science, and yet the ornament of a court, beau- 
tiful in his jjerson, fascinating in his manner, and gifted with 
amiable qualities, which preserved the esteem which his exte- 
rior won at first sight, and prevented his companions from 
bearing malicious envy towards him for all those brilliant qual- 
ities which uatm-e seemed to have lavished on him. 

Leonardo was born in 14.!i2 at Vinci, a small fortified town in 
the Val d'Aj-no. From his birthjilace he derived his surname, 
as was the custom with most artists of that period. His father 
was a notary of Florence, respectable, thoughnot of high birth. 
Even in childhood, Leonardo was remarkable for his surprising 
talent and readiness in acquiring all that was taught him. He 
Would propose questions in arithmetic to his master, who in vain 
puzzled himself to answer them; and then the pretty laughing 
boy w(juld astonish his old instructor by solving the difficulty 
with the greatest ease. His musical talents were not less re- 
markable; he studied it as a science with the greatest avidity 
and enthusiasm, played on the lyre, and sang the words and 
music, which were entirely his own composition. 

But as he grew older, the great delight of Leonardo seemed 
t(j be the study of painting. At this time art was gradually 
increasing in fame and power, influencing all ranks of society 
in Italy. Lorenzo del Medici, the most powerful of the nobles, 
encouraged and protected art in every way with so unbounded 
favor, that he gained the deserved title of "the JIagnificent." 
Lorenzo's influence spread a taste for hterature, and more 
esjiecially for art, throughout his native Florence, which 
extended through all Tuscany. It is probable that this mi. 





a"TJ^EnsriLE i itr s t k. tj c t o:i?. 





have influenced Leonardo in his juvenile preference; for it is 
certain that, among all the pursuits of his childhood, he loved 
painting best. Uninstracted as he was, his designs and models 
soon became excellent, and his delighted fother at last deter- 
mined to shove these productions to Andrea Verrocchio, one of 
the cleverest artists of the day. Andrea saw in them the 
dawnings of great power, and gladly received Leonardo as a 
pupil in his studio, where, by a combination then vers' usual, 
he followed the professions of painter, sculptor, architect, and 
even jeweler. 

Time j^assed on, and the young Leonardo improved so fasti 
that Verrocchio could not but acknowledge to him.self that the 
pupil was little inferior to the master. Partly to prove or 
disprove this inward doubt, and partly from the generous wish 
to excite his jiupil's diligence, Andrea desired Leonardo to jiaint 
a portion of a picture on which he was himself engaged. The 
subject was "St. John baptizing our Savior;" Da Vinci's task 
was an angel sui)porting some drapery. The delighted youth 
worked with redoubled diligence, and the figure was completed. 
Verrocchio came to see it; he looked at it a longtime in .silence; 
it was infinitely superior to the rest of the picture. The 
artist's e3'e could not deny this, however grievous was the shock 
his pride sustained. 

''Is this, in truth, your own work? No one assisted you?" 
said he to Leonardo, who stood by. 

"It is indeed, Messer vVndrea," eagerly replied the boy. 

"Then I will not submit to be outdone by a child; I wOl 
never touch a pencil more. ' ' And iVndrea Verrocchio kept his 
word: he never painted afterwards. 

After this, Leonardo quitted Andrea, and pursued his studies 
alone. He resided at Florence, where his father had an estate. 
There is a characteristic story of him in these youthful days. 
Signer Pietro da ^Inci had a favorite attendant in the field 
sports, in which he delighted. One day he asked this man 
what mark of regard would be most pleasing to him in return 
for his services. The peasant answered that he woidd eon,sider 
about it. One day he brought a piece of wood, cut from a large 
fig-tree, and requested that his young master, II Signorino 
Leonardo, would paint upon it something to adorn his little 
cottage. The father a.sked his son to accede to this rather 
strange request for a peasant, and the j'oung artist agreed, only 
lesolviug to astoni.sh his fither by his improvement. So he 
planed the wood smooth, filled up the little holes, and began to 
paint. His chosen subject was a Medusa's head, with its 
serpent-hau-. For models he brought fi-om the fields toads> 
vipers, lizards, and every kind of ugly rejjtile. From these he 
designed such a fearful-looking monster, that the boy almost 
shuddered at the work of his own hands. When the pietiu-e 
was finished, he brought his father to see it. Signor Pietro 
glanced round the room: his eyes fell on the Medusa: he started 
back with hoiTor and siu-prise, and was about to run away from 
the vicinity of such a number of poisonous reptUes, when 
Leonardo assured him it was only a picture— his own work. 
"And now," cried the delighted boy, his eyes si)arkling with 
enthusiasm — "now I am quite satisfied: I have done what I 
wished. My picture has the eiFect I intended." 

The proud and happy father lavished warm praise on his 
gifted boy; but he would not give a picture like this to the 
peasant. It was sold to a Florentine merchant for one hundred 
ducats, which is equivalent to about £22 of our money— a sum 
which, in those days, was considered as much as £40(1 is now. 
The Duke of Milan soon aftei-wards bought it for treble the sum 
for which it was first purchased. The ultimate fate of this 
curious picture is unknown. 



In spite of his extreme youth. Da Vinci quickly attained to 
fame. His universal talents gave a certain degree of unsteadiness 
to his character, inasmuch as he would now and then leave his 
painting for all sorts of desultory studies. But he always 
returned to the one great object, and devoted himself to every- 
thing that would advance him in art. He was the first artist 
who thoroughly studied anatomy, in which his knowledge was 
very great. His writings on this subject are admired, and 
found most usefid even in the present day. The sunshine of 
fame was now upon Leonardo wherever he moved: his extreme 
beauty and grace of manner, his wit and universal com'tesy, 
made him the delight of all circles. He indulged in luxurious 
dress and equipages, and had a number of the finest horses, for 
he excelled in all equestrian exercises. Yet all these expenses 
were defrayed by his unwearied industry in his art. Leonardo 
had a wonderful genius for mathematics and mechanics. He 
made all .sorts of curious models and scientific inventions. This 
bent of his mind led him to form some wild projects, which were 
never realized. 

About the year 1487, Leonardo left Florence, and settled at 
Milan, being received into the household of the DukeLudovico 
Sfoi'za, who gave to the artist the care of his son's education, 
and appointed him president of an academy which he founded 
for the encom'agement of art and literature. 

Leonardo followed his patron to Pavia, where he spent some 
time; and on his return to Milan, about 1497, he began the 
most celebrated of all his pictures — "The Last Suiiper of our 
Lord. ' ' It was painted for the refectory of a Dominican convent. 
The moment chosen is when Christ exclaims: "I say unto you> 
that one of you shall betray me. ' ' The calm dignity ot the 
SaWor forms a beautiful contrast to the varied pa.ssions which 
agitate his disciples at his words; but it is next to impossible 
to speak in adequate terms of so sublime a jiainting. It has 
gradually faded from the convent walls, until now scarcely a 
trace remains; but there are some good copies, which have made 
the original well known. 

In 151.3, Cardinal Giovanni dei Medici was elected pope, as 
Leo X. This noble patron of art made Eonie the desired abode 
of its greatest fiillowers, and thither came Leonardo da A^inci; 
but he found many comjjetitors equal, and even superior to 
himself Leonardo, now advancing in years, felt some anxiety 
from the rising stars of RafFaelle and Michael Angelo, both of 
whom he had before met at Florence. Feeling himself unable 
to compete with these luminaries, he retired to France, where 
he concluded his career under the patronage of Francis I. In 
intimate friendship with this great monarch, he died a* 
Fontainebleau in the seventy-first year of his age. 

Da Vinci was a careful and laborious painter: he knew that 
genius was nothing without diligence. He was long in painting 
his pictures: on one portrait he spent four years. He neglected 
nothing that could add to his knowledge of art. It was his 
constant habit to carry with him a book, wherein he sketched 
heads and figures that attracted his attention. 



■>#-• — 



OESERET 



TitE famous porcelain tower at Nanking, in China, which 
■Still appears in some of our boiiks on geograjihy, was destroyed 
several years ago, during the Talpiug rebellion. It was com- 
menced about fdur hundred'aiid fifty years since — some author- 
ities give an earlier date. — and was nineteen years in building. 
The body of the edifice was of brick, of which the outer face 
was covered with slabs of glazed ])orcelain of various colors, 
principally green, yellow, red, and white; it was two hundred and 
■rtij*y feedifeial>ja>id^r«aid^t5)|Jiave cost four millions of dollars. 

SUNDAY .x..,.^. ., .^^ 
■Sn NOBTH Mrt,lN ^lUkj.; 



BOARD 




SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH 




18 



OTTJ^En^ILE IlsTSTI^TJCTOI^, 




^It^ i|ttue![ilj| |[i|slrtt£f0Ji» 



GEORGE a. CANNON, EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, JANUARY 17, 1874. 



Er)iTOK.i:^L th:oxjc3-i3:ts. 





PWARDS of two thousand miles stretch 
themselves between the Editor of the 
.Ju\-E.\iLr. Instructor and his readers at 
liome. He looks at his watch, which he 
has not altered since he left Salt Lake 
City, and it tells him that it is t«n min- 
utes to sLx in the morning. All is dark- 
ness at home. Daylight has scarcely begun 
to dawn, and many are wrapped in jirofuund 
slumber. AVhile in the room where he sits 
and pens these lines, it is broad daylight, and 
the clock on the book shelf informs him that 
it is fifteen minutes past eight. He has traveled 
with such rapidity since leaving the city that 
it almost requires the evidence of his watch, which 
he has proved to be an excellent time-keeper, to 
convince him that there can be such a difference in 
time between his home in Utah and the place from which he 
writes. In writing, however, it is pleasant to think that he 
can communicate so quickly with his Juvenile friends. 

As the Editor looks from his windows, he sees the ground 
covered with a mantle of snow, and the air is filled with great 
white flakes which fall with noiseless rapidity. Occasionally a 
gust of wind lifts a cloud of the newly lallen snow and whirls 
it in eddies in a manner most disagreeable to those who are 
under the necessity of breasting the stoi'm. As we look out 
we think of Emerson's words: 

"Announced by all the trumpets uf tlie sky, 
Arrives the snow, and, ilrivlng o'er the flekU, 
Seems nowhere to alight: the whited air 
Hides hills and woods, the river, and the heaven, 
And veils the farm-house at the garden's end.' 

But however beautiful to look at, snow comes at this time 
clothed with terror to the poorer classes throughout the East. 
The rich and tho.--e in comfortable circumstances can jilan for 
enjoyment in sleigh rides and in coasting on hand sled.-; but not 
so the poor. (Moum and want are before them in the dreary 
winter upon which they are now entering. Throughout the 
Ea.stern States thousands of workmen ai-e thrown out of 
employment by the panic in niotietarj- matters. Manufacturers 
of various kinds, railroad companies and other employers are 
comjiclled to reduce the number of their workmen, and. where 
they do give men eniplciynient, to reduce their wages. Many 
establishments have clo.sed altogether, and their hands are 
thereby all thrown out of Work. It is difficult to obtain money 
with which to pay workmen, and the jnospect for the winter 
looks dark and threatening. Already, so early in the winter, 
we hear of measures being taken to relieve the distres.ses of 
the poor. If this be the case now. when the rigors of winter 
have scarcely been felt, how will it be alter months of non-em- 
jjloyment and .severe weather? Some nf the cities are collect- 
ing large sums of money with which t(j helj) the poor; but it 
will require larger amounts than they have yet collected to pay 
house rent, furnish food, fuel and clothing for the thousands 
who are destitute. No person of feeling can think of the suf- 

ring there is likely to be without feeling .sad. 



Involuntarily our mind reverts to Utah. We think of the 
condition of our brethren and sisters there, and we feel thank- 
ful. We praise God for His mercy to those who have obeyed 
His gospel. The world has laughed at, despised and hated the 
Latter-day Saints for listening to the warnings of the Lord ; 
but who that have given heed to them have had cause to be 
ashamed ? Not the Latter-day Saints; for the jjromises which 
He gave them have not failed. Under His guidance they are 
being delivered from ignorance, poverty and their dreadful 
train of evils. In no place on this continent are the poor so 
well situated, or have such good prospects, as in Utah Terri- 
tory. The necessaries of life, and many of its comforts are 
within their reach. All have bread, and beggary is unknown. 
Well directed industrj' soon puts every one in possession of a 
shelter of his own. Then he need not pay house rent. He 
can have his own garden, and raise what he pleases for himself. 
There may not be at some times and some places so much 
brotherly love and affection as there should be, but where in 
the wide world is there so much of this feeling as in Utah ? It 
cannot be found elsewhere. In no other country, or among no 
other people on the globe can so many people be found in the 
community so willing to help one another. In other places the 
rule is for those who have ability and knowledge to use it for 
their own advantage. If a man has experience, if he is shrewd 
and capable, he endeavors to profit by his gifts. Does he spend 
his time in giving others the benefit of what he knows? Not 
often. Such a sight is rarely .seen. But among the Saints, 
how is it ? The greatest experience, the most extended know- 
ledge, the ripest judgment are at their service. President 
Young and his fellow-laborers spend the chief part of their 
time in teaching and guiding the people. What they know 
about life, the best manner of improving and enjoying it, of 
making comfi.irtable livings, of aci:iuiring wealth and obtaining 
and enjoying true happiness, is freely imparted unto all. They 
select a bishop or bishops for every ward and settlement. 

You should know that bishops in other churches are impor- 
tant personages. They are well dres.sed, well-fed and well- 
housed. To look at and hear them you might think they 
were not made out of the same clay as other men. You might 
imagine that there is as much difference between them and 
other folks as there is between porcelain cups and bowls and 
our home-made cups and bowls. But these fine bishops are 
paid large salaries by the jjeople among whom they labor. Their 
fine food, fine clothing and fine houses and fine carraiges, are 
all furnished them by the people of the church to which they 
belong. No wonder, then, that sectarians think it a fine thing 
to be a bishop ! 

But how is it with the bishops of Utah — the men who preside 
over the Latter-day Saints in the various settlements ? Who 
pays them? Are the people whom they teach, and for whose 
benefit they spend so large a portion of their time charged any- 
thing for their salaries ? Not one cent. They have no salaries. 
Their food, their clothing, their houses, and their horses and 
carriages, if they have any, are their own, and have been 
obtained by their honest industry. When they preach a good 
discourse, or give good counsel, or baptize, or administer to the 
sick, or bless little children, or teach the people how to build, 
how to make good farms, good orchards, good gardens, good 
roads, or how to have fine stock, it is at no cost to the people. 
They are not taxed to pay them a good salary for their- time. 
If the bishops have any experience, knowledge or ability more 
than the people, the latter have the full benefit of their advau- 
tiiges with(jut cost. The priesthood, then, is no burden to the 
Latter-day Saints. Common gratitude, without mentioning 
other and higher reasons, should prcmqit mei}, women, and the 





CTTJ^V^EnNTIXjE IlsrSTI^TJGTOie/. 



19 




JuVENiLES^to honor those who bear and magnify it. Let eveiy 
child honor his bishop or other presiding officer as a servant of 
God. His hands may not be as soft, his face not so white, his 
clothes not so fine, his house not so nicely furnished, and his 
speech not so smooth as the bishops of the churches which 
have strayed from the gospel. But if his hands and face be 
embrowned with toU, it is to his honor. He sustains liimself 
and family; he labors without stint for the flock which God has 
placed in his charge. If his dress and surroundings are plain, 
they speak to his praise. A man of very little sense can live 
on the earnings of other people if they furnish him money 
enough. Give him a good salary and he can buy plenty of 
food, of clothes, of furniture, kid gloves to keep his hands 
smooth and live a life of ease. One little better than an idiot, 
if he had money furnished him, could do that much. But he 
who sustains himself, and besides spends time in teaching and 
helping others to sustain themselves, is a MAN in the best sense 
of the term, and as such is deserving of honor. And such are 
the great majority ot the presiding officers among the people of 
Utah. 



-»♦- 



J^ TK.OI=IO^I-i IFOK.EST. 



Its locality is South America. In 




THIS is a forest scene. 
the hot 
and h u m i d 
regions ot 
that conti 
nent which 
1 i e beneath 
the tropics 
vegetation is 
more luxu 
riant a n d 
dense than in 
any o t h e i 
part of the 
world, a n d 
the insects 
are alsomoie 
numerous 
and the rep- 
tiles m r e 
venomous. 

It is in. such W 
a region as 
we heie see, 

with its massive and curiou.sly formed trees, its rank under- 
growth, its lofty and graceful palms, the princes of the vegetable 
world, that various semi-civUized and barbarous tribes dwell; such 
for instance, as the Guaranes, who are to be found near the mouth 
of the river Orinoco. It is said of these people that when, in 
consequence of their increasnig numbers, they became over- 
crowded, they built their huts on horizontal platforms, sup- 
ported by the stumps of the Ita palm, and more cuiiously still, 
they suspended their habitations from stem to stem of the 
growing trees, spreading mats or hammocks, woven from the 
leaf-stalks of the Ita, which enabled them during the rainy 
season, wlien the lowlands were oveiilowed, to live in the trees, 
in the manner of apes. These hanging huts were partly covered 
with clay and the women lit fires and cooked their food on the 
humid floor. As the traveler passed by night along the river, 
he could not fail to notice long lines of flames, .susiiended high 
in the air, and apijarently not connected with the earth, form- 
ing a rather startling picture to those not acquainted with the 




style of architecture adopted by this singular race. To the Ita 
palm it may be said the Guaranes, owe their independence, for 
the loose marshy soil of their country renders it of very diffi- 
cult access to any but such as are able to move over it with an 
equally fleet and buoyant step with that of the Indians, while 
their lofty forest homes render them more sectrre. 

The Mauritia or Ita palm not only supphes a home to these 
races, but also numerous articles of food, furnishing flour and 
wine, with clothing added thereto, besides thread to weave 
hammocks, baskets, net and cloth. In fiict, one writer has 
stj'led it the "tree of life," and so it appears to be in many 
respects to these savage and unsubdued Guaranes. 

Our picture presents us with many forms of vegetable life 
unknown to the children of Utah; the variety, beauty and 
peculiarities of which are very marked, and lead to these reflec- 
tions : 

Among the many wonders which attract the mind of the 
student of nature, and which convincingly tell of the wisdom 
and kindness of the great Creator, a very striking one is the 
vast variety observable in the productions and operations of the 
world of nature which surrounds us. For example, in the 
vegetable kingdom, which clothes the earth with a carpet of 
rich verdure, and which ministers so largely to the necessities 

and comforts 
of mankind, 
itmightseem 
at first sight 
that a few 
species com- 
paratively 
would affijrd 
all that was 
really wanted 
to supply the 
necessities of 
man and 
beast. And 
yet we find 
that botanists 
have describ- 
ed above 
ninety thous- 
and species 
of plants; 
w h i 1 e vast 
districts o f 

our earth remain still unexplored, and the productions of others 
are but little known; so that it has been calculated by those 
best able to form an opinion that at least two hundred thousand 
species of plants tenant the earth. To how few of these, in 
our present knowledge, can any practical use be assigned; and 
yet we know that God has made nothing in vain, and every 
year's discoveries reveal some fresh proof of this truth. Plants, 
which have appeared useless before, are found to have impor- 
tant uses, or to contain properties which now detected render 
them valuable for the comfort and use of man. Among the 
thousands of ]:)lants, the virtues of which still remain unknown, 
are many that wave in rich luxuriance among the deltas of the 
Orinoco and Amazon, or rise in kingly magnificence on the 
towering slopes of tlie Andes. But we live in an age of en- 
quiry and research; the mysteries of nature are pried into and 
the secrets of six thousand years are revealed, while every fresh 
accession of knowledge sjieaks in louder tones of the wisdom 
and goodness of that holy and exalted Being, our Creat<3r. 





so 



Cr TJ "V E n^ I L E IILTSTI^TJOTOIR.. 




|)(ru's '^m^ ^onnil i\\t xj^nhl 



BY G. M. O. 



FINDS THE STATION — AIIRP^STED BY SOLDIEES. 




THE glare of the rising sun roused us from our slumbers and 
to a realization of our dreary and forlorn situation. As far 
as the eye could range, the surface of the plain was as smooth 
as that of the calm ocean, nothing to break the monotony, 
everywhere solitude, silence and the glare of the burning sand. 
Our thirst and suffering for want of water was jiainful and dis- 
tressing in the extreme, and we did not know which way to 
X^roceed. After considerable deliberation, we concluded to 
retrace our st'.'ps as well as we possibly could. Encouraging 
each other with the hope of fallmg in with a traveler, or dis- 
t'overing the trail to the half-way-house, we resumed our 
journey. AboT.it ten o'clock I felt so exhausted I could hardly 
summon up sufficient resolution to proceed; Hank, however, 
encouraged me to go on. This we did for a few miles, when 
we both lay down in the sand, completely used uji. The burn- 
ing sun seemed to be slowly roasting us to death; and our 
tongues were so dry and swollen we could scarcely speak. No 
one, who has not had the experience of hunger and thirst, can 
realize the intolerable misery and pain it creates. It is literally 
the body, liy its own organs, drinking its own bl(3od and eating its 
own flesh. Laying with my face to the nitrous sand, in a state 
of semi-stupor, visions of bubbling fountains and sparkling 
streams danced and rippled before my burning, aching eyes! 
Thoughts, vague, shadowj' and dreamy, of home and the loved 
one.s — never again to be seen — floated through my mind like 
indistinct memories of things and beings almost forgotten. I 
jiraycd also — not for the forgiveness of sins, but for water and 
lor "life! 

Our assistant cooi)er on the "Maria" possessed a large tin 
pot, on which he had stamped the initials of his name. F. S. 
F. He was famous on board the shiji for making ''Swankie.'' 
a mixture of vinegar, molasses and water. Fisher's pot, brim- 
full to overflowing, was contiiuialiy floating before me — but 
■always vanishing before I could get it to my burning lips. 
Hank afterwards told me that the ship's scuttle-butt was con- 
tinually before his vision, the water running over its chimes, 
but always vani.shed when he ojjened his eyes. Here we would 
undiiubtedly have died, had nut nature suggested an idea to 
me. I iirii]M)se<l to drink ciur urine. Fortunately I had still 
kept the Dutch beer bottle, and (his was our salvation. Though 
we still suflFered untold agony, it so far revived us that we 
resumed our journey, but with very little hope of finding the 
road or the station. 

In the niiilst of our wretchedness, when hope had almost 
fled, we descried some peojile coming towards us. far out on 
the plain. At first we could hardly jiersuade ourselves that it 
was not a delusion, so often had our imagination deceived Us 
(luring the day. But our doubts soon gave way to certainty; 
there they were— three men, two of them coming towards us, 
the third, on hor.seback, going in the opposite direction. As 
we drew nearer, we recognized them as two of our crew, Por- 
tugese Jack and Frank. "When we joined them they told us 
that they had left Payta about .sunset the evening before, and 
that the traveler they had just met was the mail-carrier from 
Piura. who had informed them that the half-way-house was 
nly two or three miles distant. The statement in recard to 



the distance proved to be a lie. for we were at least ten miles 
from the station when they met him. The Portugese had no 
water with them, but the hope of getting to the station, and 
the knowledge or feeling that we were not lost .so revived Hant 
and myself, that we kept up with our two shipmates, and 
about five o'clock had the pleasure of stepping on the veranda 
of the station. This little hut had two female and three male 
residents. The Portugese explained to them our wants, but 
they refused to furnish us anj'thing without money. And not 
one of us had a cent. Finally I took one of my shirts off, and 
traded it for a bucket of water, half a dozen raw .sweet jiota- 
toes and a roll of bread. We all four gathered around the 
bucket, and I doubt if ever the sweetest nectar tasted more 
pleasantly or was more refreshing than its stale contents. But 
our enjoyment was of short duration. Before we had half 
cooled our fevered throats, a sergeant and six scaly-looking 
soldiers, armed i\ith sabres, carbines and pistols rode up to the 
door and demanded an unconditional surrender of ourselves. 
Here was a go! To make it still more interesting, to their 
authoritative demand. Hank coolly an.swered that he would see 

them d d first. This rather staggered the valiant sergeant' 

and his trooj). For better security, we backed down to the 
end of the veranda, thereby protecting our rear and flanks, 
and, drawing our sheath-knives, waited for the onset. Would 
you believe it? the cowardly fellows were afraid to attack us. 
One thing, however, they knew: if they shot us, it would be 
nothing to their gain; whereas, by taking us alive, it would be 
eighty dollars in their pockets. Considerable jiarlejing was 
carried on for some time between the soldiers and om-selves, 
the Portugese acting as interi)reters. The soldiers became 
impatient, and we more bold and daring at their lack of 
temerity. After very liberally abusing each other with words 
for about twenty minutes, the three men belonging to the 
house joined the sergeant's party, and at the same time the 
two women joined our side, a no small acquisition in our war of 
words, for their tongues seemed loose at both ends. For an 
hour this was kept up, during which time any amount of bad 
English, bad Spanish and bad language, in the shape of swear- 
ing, was spoken by both parties. The sergeant finally proposed 
to take us to his home, stow us away until the ship sailed, and 
then require of us thirty dollars apiece, for our liberty. The 
Pin-tugese concluded to give up on these conditions. Hank 
and I tried to convince them that it was only a ruse on the 
part of the sergeant, to get us to surrender. The soldiers 
knew that the eighty dollars would be paid by our captain, as 
soon as we would be delivered into his hands, and, as for 
waiting for our pay, it would be a risky affair. Hank told 
Jack to explain to the .sergeant what we thought, and at the 
same time to tell him we were not so green as to believe a word 
he said. When translated, the .sergeant .swore by all the .saints 
known in Peru that he would, in good faith, carry out the plan 
he proiwsed. I told him I would not believe him if he swore 
himself black and blue; but his proposition overcame the Por- 
tugese, and our female allies also. Hank and I now considered 
over the matter. As the affair had taken such a different 
shaiie, we concluded it would be wise on our ixirt to submit, 
anil be taken as jirisoners. AVe agreed between ourselves that 

if Captain B took us on board the ship, on our arrival in 

Payta, it would be well and good; we would go to work as 
usual, and run away the first opportunity that offered; if sent 
to jirison. we decided to appeal to the American consul, and 
make all the trouble for the old man that we coidd. 



Warm hearts are better than great thoughts. 





Cr TJ "ST E IDT I LE insrSTI^yGTJTOI^ 



SI 




OJLIC OF TBI E SO IE^IFTXJI^ES. 

THE references made to trees in the Scriptures are very 
numerous, and special mention is made of many well 
known to the youth of Utah, either from their presence in our 
mountain kanyons or from the children having seen or read of 
their products and the articles made of their woods. Among 
the best known of those spoken of in holy writ, are the elm, 
oak, teil, almug, sycamore, cedar, palm, willow, fir, cypress, 
pine, ash, plane and fig trees. 

But the oak of Palestine is not the same giant tree which 
spreads its knarlod boughs wide over the grassy plains of Eng- 
land's parks and meadows, giving its stout timbers to frame 
the "wooden walls of old England," of which Britons love to 
write and sing, and which for a thousand years braves the 
tempest and the storm. Several species of oak, however, adorn 
the hills of SjTia, and the forests of evergreen oak of Canaan 
cover the hill sides and reach to their very summits. But the 
climate of Sjiia is too warm for this tree to flourish much in 
its valleys. Though in masses its dark green boughs are beau- 
tiful to behold, yet the single tree has not the stately appear- 
ance of the monarch of the English woods. 

The references in the Bible to the oak are numerous. It is 
written in Genesis xxxv, 8 that "Deborah, Rebekah's nurse 
died; and she was buried beneath Beth-el under an oak." 




--mw^'^^f^^ 



There is something very touching in this slight and simple 
record of the death of the aged nm-se, when the pilgrim 
family was on its way to Canaan. Isaiah prophesies that the 
"day of the Lord of hosts shall be ujion everj' one that is 
proud and lofty, and upon every one that is lifted up; and he 
shall be brsught low; and ujion all the cedars of Lebanon that 
are high and lifted up, and upon all the oaks of Bashan." 

Two Hebrew words have by the translators of the Bible been 
rendered oak, but one of these is now considered to apply to 
the terebinth or turpentine tree. One traveler mentions five 
species of oak as common in Palestine, though the fre(iuent 
mention of the oak in King James' version of the Scriptures 
would lead to the inference that this tree was once far more 
abundant in Palestine than it i.s now. One of these five species, 
called the Kermes oak, is remarkable for furnishing food to 
the Kermes, a small in,sect which is found in quantities on its 
boughs, and which was the principal, if not the only substance 
used in dying scarlet, from the period of the disuse of the cele- 
brated scarlet of Scripture, obtained from a shell fish found 
near Tyre, until the introduction of the insect dye of the cochi- 
neal of this contment. 




Our engraving represents one of the weather beaten "brave 
old oaks' ' of the British Isles. 



-#-»- 



b^^th: iisr thie idej^id sej^. 



AFTER our hot, dusty ride, the temptation of the coo] 
sparkling water is irresistible. We fling our clothes any- 
where and anyhow, and there is a regular race for "first in," 
at which Abraham, knowing what the result will be, grins 
sardonically. And well he may; for now the wonderful buoy- 
ancy of the water, which we have hitherto regarded as a mere 
"traveler's yarn," suddenly asserts itself in a very unexpected 
manner. The first who steps in makes two strides safely 
enough; but at the third he makes a sudden plunge forward, 
throws his feet spasmodically above the surface, and begins 
rolling over and over like a whale. Before we can recover from 
our amazement at these maneuvers, we find ourselves imitating 
them whether we will or not; and now begins a series of antics, 
at which the Arabs on shore-make the air ring with laughter. 
Black tries to swim according to rule, and finds himself flapping 
the air with his hands, as if beating off mosquitoes, while his 
heels amuse themselves with a similar performance in the rear. 
I turn upon my back, but the moment I strike out with my 
feet, find myself revolving like a teetotum, without advancing 
an inch. Freshman attempts to put his feet to the ground, 
and instantly turns a somersault, as if trying to jump down his 
own throat, while the nauseous fluid (the flavor of which may 
be faintly represented by a judicious mixture of brimstone and 
old shoes) insinuates itself into his nose and mouth, making 
him cough and splutter as though he would sneeze his very 
brains out. Nevertheless, the exquisite clearness and delicious 
coolness of the water tempt us to remain "in" a considerable 
time; but at length the galls and scratches, of which we all 
carry more than a few, begin to smart so intolerably from the 
action of the salt, that we are fain to beat a retreat — frosted 
all over, like bride cakes, with crystahzed salt. "Well," 
observes Freshman, as we mount again, "that would be a jolly 
sell for a fellow that wanted to commit suicide! He might 
jump in tiU all's blue, and be none the worse!" "I believe 
you," chimes in Black; "this must be the place where Paddy 
swore to drown himself, or perish in the attempt." — [iSekcted. 



A SiL-s-ER Rule.— You all know the golden rule: "Do unto 
others as you woidd wish them to do unto you. ' ' Here is a 
rule which is almost a part of the golden rule, but which we 
will put by itself, and because of its value call 'it the silver 
rule; — ' 'Think and say all you can of the good qualities of others; 
forget and keep silent concerning their bad qualities. " You 
cannot conceive how much such a eoiu'se will heighten yom- own 
happiness and raise j'ou in the esteem of your companions. 
Did you ever think any more of a girl or a boj', because he or 
she found fault with others? Never call your schoolmates or 
jilaj-mates ugly or cross to their faces or behind their backs. If 
they are ugly, or stingy, or cross, it docs not make them better 
for you to talk or think about it, while it makes .you love to 
dwell upon the faults of others, and causes your own soul to 
grow smaller and become like the foul bird that prefers 
carrion for food. Rather tell all the good you can, and try to 
think of some good quality of your playmates. Try 'this silver 
rule, boys and girls, and our word for it, you will very soon 
find yourselves more happy and better qualified to come in 
contact with those with whom you associate, and have the 
satisfaction of setting a good example. 





ss 



OTTJ "VElsriLE in5rSTI?.TJOTOI?. 




EARLY LIFE IN THE VALLEY! 

{Continued.) 




A LARGE amount of grain and other crops were put in for a 
people situated as those in the ^'alley^were in the spring of 
184S. The crops did reinarkalil.v well considering the land was 
newl.v hrokcu. until about the latter jiart of June, when the 
black crickets fell upon them. They committed dreadful havoc 
in the wheat and corn and vines, and for a while it seemed as 
if they would not leave anything of the crops. Men, women 
and children turned out to fight them; but with all the help and 
energy th:'y could muster, it seemed as if all their labors would 
be in vain. Yet the jieople persevered and were generally very 
cheei-fid. We look back at those days and admire the faith and 
serenity and confidence which God gave them. Think of their 
condition ! The food they brought'with them almost exhausted, 
their grain and other seeds all planted, they themselves twelve 
hundred miles from a settlement or jilace where they could get 
fo id on the east, and eight hundred miles from California, and 
the crickets eating uji every green thing and every day destroy- 
ing their sole means of subsistence for the months and winter 
ahead I Who but the people of God would not have quailed 
and murmured, and probably fled at such a prospect? Yet if 
any had fear or doubts, or repining it was but little known. 
Tlie peojile wore hopeful, and relied ujion God to aid and deliver 
them; and they were not di.<ap]iointcd. At the time when 
prospects began to ai)])ear most gloomy, and all human power 
seemed u.seless, the sea gulls came in flocks, visited the fields, 
pounced upon the crickets and devoured them. They killed 
and ate until they were filled, then vomited and ate again. On 
Sunday the fields were deserted by the jieople, who devoted 
the day to worship. This was a feast day for the gull.-; — 
they devoured without let or hindrance. On Monday morn- 
ing, on visiting the fields, the people found on the edges 
of the water ditches, the place where the crickets were 
always the most minierous. ])ile after jiile of dead crickets 
which had been eaten by the gulls, and then vomited when 
they were ful'. 

Tills is a story of a nio.st wonderful deliverance, briefly told 
and without (>mbelli.>.liineiit. The bare recital of the facts is 
sufficient to aff'ord much to. id i'nv thnuubt to tliose v\'ho reflect. 
It is another instance of the simple mean.- which God frequent- 
ly uses to bring to pass His great jwrposes. In the visit of 
these gulls the Saints saw the hand of God; to them it was as 
apparent as the feeding of Klijali by ravens. He controlled and 
directed the in-tinct of these birds, led them from the element 
on and in whi<'li they were accustduied to find their su>tenanee 
to the spot whcrr lln-y cnidd be of service to His ]ieo])le and 
the acconipli.-hnient of Ili> (Ic-Ilmh. This woik coniiileted, 
they returned to tbcir natural clrineiit — the water. And yet 
who but the Saints think there was any Jirovidence in this? 
3Ieii Would williuLdy credit the fowls for the wonderful work 
they iierformeil, or say it was natural they sliiiuM seek fi)r food 
wherever they could find it, or that it was a lucky chance or 
accident that they did find and dcxour the crickets; but would 
they acknowledge that God .sent the birds there, or took any 
interest in their going there? There are very few per.sons out- 
side the chm-eh of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints who would 
do .so. Yet doubters and .^cofh^rs say "Show us a miracle that 
we may believe. Tf God is a God who works miracles in these 

ys, we want to .see one and then we will believe. " The 



mighty works which God does perform they deny, and say "we 
will not believe that to be from Him." 

The wheat and corn and other crops were tolerably good, and 
all united in pronouncing the land the best they ever saw for 
wheat. On the 10th of August the people of the valley met in 
the bowery in the Fort to celebrate their harvest. It was a 
joyful time. A most excellent dinner, comprised of a great 
variety of food, and all produced in the valley, was jjrepared and 
eaten. There was prayer and thanksgiving, the firing of cannon, 
music and dancing and loud shouts of Ho.sannah to God and the 
Lamb, in which all present joined in unison. Dancing was a 
recreation which had been indulged in to some extent during 
the preceding winter. As is the custom among the Saints at 
jiresent, dances were ojiened and closed with prayer, and the 
]ieoiile danced with a zest and vigor that jilainly showed they 
wore happy and thankful in the new circumstances in which 
they were placed. 

LTntil the return of President Young to the valley the people 
generally lived in the forts; no one had attempted to build on 
any of the city lots. Indeed, with the excej^tion of those taken 
up by the jiioneers. they had not been claimed. At a meeting 
held a few days after the arrival of Presidents Young and Kim- 
ball in the valley, they were appointed to apportion the eitj' 
lots to applicants. At that meeting leave was also granted to 
build on the lots that fah (1848); but a rule was adopted by 
vote that all buildings in the city be erected at least twenty feet 
from the sidewalk. At a subsequent meeting it was voted that 
a land record should be kept by a clerk, and that $1,50 .should 
be paid for each lot — one dollar to the surveyor, and fifty cents 
to the clerk for recording. President Young proposed building 
a council house by tithing labor; also the plan of ca.sting lots 
for the farming land; he also suggested bringing the waters of 
Big Cottonwood creek on the east of the big field to this city 
by a canal, which would make one line of fence. 



«» 



consT^TEisrTioisr .^t i=i?.o"\ro- 



A CONVENTION of the superintendents and teachers of 
Sunday Schools in Utah Co., was held at Provo on the 
2'.ith and 30th ult. to adopt measures for the benefit of the 
Sunday School interest in that county. The large attendance 
attested the growing imjiortance of the cause, while all present 
evinced a laudable jiride at being engaged in such a noble work. 
A County Simdtiy School Union was formed, the county super- 
intendent — David John — and his assistants being appointed the 
officers, with the addition to their number of a secretary, cor- 
responding .secretary and treasurer. A number of resolutions 
were passed, bearing upon a more comjilete and efficient man- 
ner of conducting the schools, and it was decided that meetings 
of the Union beheld senii-aiunially, when the various methods 
of teaching may l)e discussed and the best adopted throughout 
the county. Much good instruction was imjiarted by President 
Smoot and others, which if acted ujjon will result in great 
good to the young people of the county. Brother Sanuiel 
S. Jones, being called ujion for a .speech, delivered the follow- 
ing impromptu lines: 

It i.s the custom of the world to aid, with education, 

Tlie hifjliesl talent they command, for places in tlie nation; 

But when the noodles there appear, for whom they find no u.«e, 

They straightway fit them for tlie church, and ministers produce. 

But here in Utah we will take a very different road, 

And give our highest, noblest gifts to glorify our God. 

Thus we will strive to gather round the genius horn to rule, 

To spread abroad the gospel sound and teach our Sunday School 





CTTJ^EisriXjE i:ltsti?.tjgtoi?/. 



iiswer 



OlSr THIE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED.' 




LESSON XLIX. 

Q,— "Who liad light in their dwellings durina- the three days' 
darkness? 

A.— The children of Israel. 

Q.— After this Pharaoh was willing to let the people go, but 
what did he >vant them to leave behind? 

A. — Their flocks and herds. 

Q.— What did Moses say to this? 

A.— That they were needed for sacrifices and burnt otterings. 

Q.— "What did Pharaoh then say to Moses? 

A.— '-Take heed to thyself, eee my face no more; for in the day 
thi)U seest my face, thou shalt die." 

Q.— "What reply did Moses make? 

A.— "Thou hast spoken well, I will see thy face again no 
more."' 

q.— "What was the next and last plague the Lord brought upon 
Pharaoh and the Egyptians? 

A.— He smote the first-born of man and beast. 

Q._-\Vhat did the children of Israel do that tlieir first-born 
were not destroyed? 

A.— They placed theblo.id of a lamb on the lintels and side 
posts of their doors. 

Q._\Vhat naine was aiven to thi= ordinance which has been 
celebrated by commandment of the Lord to this day? 

A.— "The sacrifice ot the i^ord's Passover." 

Q. —After this last plague how did Phara<jh and the Egyptians 
act? 

A.— Tliey were urgent to send the childien of Israel out of the 
land in liaste. 

Q.— "What did the Egyptians say? 

A. — "We be all dead men. ' 

LESSON L 

Q.—^VMiat did the chilaren of Israel do according to the word 
of Moses? 

A.— They borrowed of the Ecryptians jewels of silver, and jewels 

of gold, and raiment. 

Q.— Wliat did the Lord do tor the children of Israel? 

A.— He gave them "favor in the sight of the Egyptians, so 
that they lent unto them such things as they required." 

Q.— How nnuiy men were there of the children of Israel wht) 
commenced their journey into the wilderness? 

A.— Six hundred thousand. 

Q. — What besides went with them? 

A. — Tlieir cliildren and a mixed multitude, with fiocks and 
In-rds. 

Q_n(jw long did tlie children <if Israel dwi'll in the land of 

Egyi't? 

A.— Four hundred and thirty years. 

Q.—W'hose bones did Moses take with him? 

A.— The bones of .loscph. 

Q.— How did the Lord li'ad the children of Israel tlu-ougli the 
wilderness? 

A.— By a pillar of a cloud hy day. and a pillar of firi' liy lught 

Q.— When it was told the king of Egypt that tlie •■hildren nf 
Israel had iled, what effect did it have upon hiiu and his servants? 

A.— Their hearts were turned against them. 

Q.— What did they say? 

A.— "Why have we done this, that wc liav let Israel go frooi 

serving us? ' 

Q.— What did Pharaoh then do? 

A.— He made ready his chariot, took all the dKii-iots of Egy|pt, 
with captains over every one of them and pursued aftei-tlic cliil- 

ren of Israel. 



ie*j!t0'ii«^ nn 



f* 



S3 



itstrers 




onsr THiE 
book: OIF- nyi: o i^ ivE o isT , 



Pv E I G N O F T H E JUDGES. 



LESSON XLIX. 

Q. — What was the name of Gideon's murderer? 

A. — Nehor. 

Q. — To what place was he taken bj' the people" 

A.— To the top of the hill Manti. 

Q. — What declaration did he make? 

A. — He acknowledged that what he had taught was false. 

Q. — Did he receive his punishment? 

A. — Yes, he sutt'ered an ignominious death. 

Q. — With Nehor's death did the spreading of priestcraft end? 

A. — No, many followed after his teaching. 

Q. — For what reason did they do this? 

A. — For the sake of riches and honor. 

0. — Why did they pretend to preach according to their belief? 

A. — Because the laws of Mosiah punished liars, but could not 
have any power on any man for his belief 

Q. — How did they who did not belong to the church of God feel 
towards the members of the church? 

A. — They began to persecute them. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — Because they were humble and were not lifted up in pride 

Q. — What was another cause of this persecution? 

A.^The teachers of the church preached without money and 
without price. 

LESSON L 

Q. — Was there a law among the people of the church concerning 
persecutions? 

A. — Yes; a very strict law. 

Q. — What were the words of this hiw? 

A. — That no man of the church should persecute those who 
did not belong to the church, nor should there be any persecution 
among themselves. 

Q. — Notwithstanding this how did many feel? 

A. — They began to contend with their adversaries, and even 
beat them with their fists. 

Q. — In what year of the reign of Alma, as chief judge, did this 
occur? 

A. — In the second year. 

Q. — What was done to those who hardened their hearts? 

A. — Their names w-ere blotted out and they were not numbered 
in the church. 

Q. — What efl'ect did this persecution have upon the peeple of 
the church? 

A.— It was a great trial to them, but they bore it with patience. 

Q.— Did the priests esteem themselves above the jieoide in the 
church of God? 

A. — No; every man labored according to his strength for his 
own support. 

Q. — Did they wear costly apparel? 

A. — No, yet they were neat and comely. 

Q._How did tills manner of living atlecl the affairs of the 
church? 

A.— There began to be continual peace, and the jicoiile began 
to grow wealthy. 

Q.— But in their pro-perous (•ireuni-t[inee< did they forget the 
needy? 

.\.— No, they imparted tht-'ir means freely to the i)oor. 

Q.— How did those who did not belong to the church act? 

A.— They iiididged in idlc'ue^-, pride, eonimitting whoredeims 
and murders. 

Q.— Was tlie law put in fore.' upon them? 

A. — Yes, as far as possible. 





S4: 



O'TJ^EIDTIIL.E in^STie/TJOTOI^ 




sonsra- oif zpi^^^ise 



"Words by Miss Axxie Smith. 
Moderato: 



Musio BY Prof. C. J. Thomas. 



o 







?^i^^^ 



-^ l:j=j 



at=J= 



?s=i^=^ 



- J-^ - 



_!_V 



iJ=k: 



:i±=*: 



:*=5= 



Come dear children, join and sing 



Praises to our 



heavenly King 



ifcfc 



t^— t*- 



=^ >— ^ 



li 



=i«±=it 



=»^=^ 



=s^=^ 



For his care and 



tender love. And all 



iSi^is- 



-^— i^ 



=s — s — r 

-^ hi ta- 



-r * r- 



blessings from above. 



>— ^ 



Come, Come, Come, 



i: 



P 



=*»^=J^ 



:^c=^ 



-Ol * l^ 



Come dear 



children. 



teH3- 



.join and sina 

£g± r-'p--r 



Praises 



to 



heavenly King. 



3= 



* 



Let ))i-aise.s then our tongue? employ, 

Por all ble.s.sings we enioy; 
For the gospel's holy light, 
Shining for us, pure and hright. 



May we in our j-outhful days 
Ever walk in wisdom's ways; 
Then we'll gain a glorious crown. 
When our work on earth is done. 



BOYS, don't hanL' round the corners of the streets. If you 
have anything to do, do it, i)rom]itly, right, and then go 
home. Home is the place for boys. About the street corners 
and at tlie staljles they leam to talk slang, and they learn to 
swear, ti:> smoke tobacco, and to do many other things which 
they ought not to do. 

Do your business, and then go home. If your business 
is play— i)lay, and make a business of it. We like to see boys 
])lay L'ood, earnest, healthy games. If we [were the town, we 
vroulil give the Itoys a good, spacious jilay-ground. It should 
liave jilonty of soft, green grass, and trees, and fountains, and 
broail sjiace to run and jump, and to play suitable plays. 
We would make it as jileasant, as lovely as it could be: and we 
would give it to the boys to play in. and when the play was 
ended, we would toll them to go home. 

For when boys hanL' around street -corners and the .stables, etc., 
they get .sjouchy and listless. Of all things, wo dislike a list- 
less })f)y or girl. We wcudd have a hundred boys like a hundred 
yachts, with everj' spar .straight, and eveiy rope taut— the 
decks and sides clean, the rigging all in order, and everything 
ready to slip the cable, and fly before the wind when the word 
comes to go. 

But this cannot be if .vou louncre about the streets, and loaf 
about the cornors. and idle away your time at the stables and 
the saloons. 

'\\ hen you are from liome, have some business; attend to 
your bu.sincss, and then — go home. 




"Of all hard thino-.s hy wliich mankind are curst 
Tlieir own had tempers surely are thejworst," J 



OHIJ^I^^A^IDE. 



BY HYRUM. 



I AM composed of 1 2 letters: 

INIy 9, 4, 12, 11 is an adjective, in the comparative degree. 

My 2, II, (), 7, II), 5 is a proper noun. 

]\Iy 7. 2. .') is a jironoun, in the objective case. 

Mv 11. S, .'J, 10. 1 is a numerical adjective. 

My 11, 1, 4, 10, oisa verb, 

31y whole is a conjunction. 



The answer to the puzzle in Number 25 is: 
From SIX take I X (nine) 
" IX (nine) " X (ten) 

" XL (forty) " L (fifty) 



leaves S 
" I 
' X 



Ans, SIX, 
AVe have received correct answers from C, J, Thomas, J, E, 
Callister, Orson Thompson, Rebecca Manning, Salt Lake City, 
and Caroline Carson, Fairfield, 

Is Publisheti;in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE 0. CANN ON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IK ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - — §2 00. 
^S-Office inTrear of General Tithing Office Building, Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah, 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor," 




