
^^i 



"BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 18G7. 



NO. 7. 



TECE -W O I?. S H: 1 1=^ OIP THIE! G- O L X3 E HST GJ^l-.F. 



IN jiast numbers we have traced the fortunes of tlie children 
of Israel to the time they were delivered from the bondage 
of Egypt. We have noticed how the Lord manifested his 
power in their behalf, and liow lie brought to naught the boast- 
ing of Pharaoh. We have a strange and sad story to naiTate 
to-day: it is of the faithlessness and folly of that people who owed 
so much to their God. 

Our little readers will perhaps scarcely believe us, when we 
inform them that those dancers 
in our engraving are of the 
hou.se of Israel— that their dance 
Ls in honor of that calf of Gold 
that they had themselves made 
and lifted on high. Yet it is so. 
Scarcely two years have passed 
since they were the slaves of 
strangers; to-day they are free. 
See how they are u>ing their 
freedtjnil They are thanking aa 
idol — made like a brute beast, — 
for their lil>L-rty, and crying out, 
in mad delight, "these be thy 
Gods, O Israel, which brought 
thee up out of the laud of Egypt 
and out of the house of bond- 
age." 

^Vhat liad been the historj- of 
tho.se two short years? Had 
God forsaken them, and left 
them, to peri.sh in the wiblcr- 
nc.s.s? No; on the contrary, He 
was all the time blessing tlu'm. 
But they in their blindness were 
for ever oomiilaining at some- 
thing or another. They were 
without bread. God wnt them 
manna and (|uails. They fainted 
for water. Hy his jiower it 
gii.shed forth from tin- rock. Their enemies were smitten before 
them; all their wants were supplied; but they were not Mitisfied. 
One day Mo.s<;.s was all wrong; th(! next — lie was all hut (Jod. 
To-day they sighed for the good things of Egypt, tomorrow 
wanted to hurrj- into the promised land. And, now, M<iseH 
their leidcr was away from lliem longer than they thought ho 
had any right to Ix), and for all they knew lie might never come 
bark again. 

Where wa.H he at this time? Had he deserted thom iu 
the luidht of the wilderness? No! ho was on Mount Sinai, 







receiving from the Lord his laws and commandments for the 
salvation of the people, and had been absent about a month. 
So they determined they would have .something to worship that 
they could sec, as the Egyptians and the other nations had, and 
they called u])on Aaron to make them a God. 

What did Aaron do? he who had seen so much of the power 
of the God of Israel manifested, he who was a priest of that 
God? Did he chide the people? Did he rebuke their iniijuity? 

We are sony to say we have no 
record of his doing so; but, 
instead of this he told the people 
to bring him their gold ear-rings 
and he would make a god for 
them. This they did; and he 
molded a calf, built an altar to 
its honor, on which he offered 
sacrifices, and the tribes of 
Israel joined in its worship. 

When the Lord saw what was 
being done He was exceedingly 
angry. So ungrateful and rebel- 
lious a people were unfit to be 
His eho.sen ones. Moses inter- 
ceded for them; he spoke of all 
the Lord had promised Abraham 
and the fathers, so he obtained 
another promise that they should 
lie spared yet longer. At the 
ind of forty days Moses descen- 
ded from the mount with the 
plates on which the Lord had 
written his laws. .\s he came 
near llic camp, Joshua who WJis 
with him said, "there is noise of 
war in the camp." But Mo.scs 
replied, "it is not the voice of 
them that shout for ma-story, 
luiiher is it the voice of thciu 
that cry for being overcome: but the noi.se of (hem that sing do 
I hear." He soon became aware of the cause of this singing, 
and in his anger lie broke the tables of the law, there on the 
mount. 

"And he took the calf wliicli (hey had made, and burnt it in 
(ho fire, and ground i( to powder, and strewi-d i( upon (he water 
niiil made (he ehililien of Israel drink of i(. ' Then turning to 
Aaron lie upbraided him with his sin. .\an>n was full of 
excuses, as (hose who do evil geueially are, laying all the blame 
on the peojilo. Then .Mo.ses called fortli those who were on (he 



'.^-3>' 



i<f 



'A 

k 



e^^ 




J" TJ AT E IN" I L E IITSTI^TJOTOie/ 




side of the Lord, and the tribe of Levi gathered at his call. 
These he sent into tlie camp to slay those who liad tluis defiled 
themselves with the worsliip of idols. And there fell that da.v 
about three thousand souls. From that time God would no 
longer stay with Israel; but he sent an augel to guide them in 
his stead. 

For thirty-eight years more, in murmuring and discontent, 
that people wandered in the wilderness. Two only — Jo.shua 
and Calelj — of all who left Egypt, were permitted to enter the 
promised land. All the rest fell by the way side. Even Jloses 
himself was taken from their midst. But at the end of forty 
years from the time they left Egypt, they trod the soil of that 
region so long before promised to thcLr father Abraham. 






pcgup^'s ?^i$il0. 



For the Juvenile Instructor 

•^TI S I T II. 

UNCLE GREGORY TELLS A STORT. 



MY little friends, this visit I will tell you a story, for I know 
boys and girls love to hear stories, and I believe much 
good instruction can be conveyed in a story Some years ago 
there lived in the suburbs of the city of London a family by the 
name of Sidney, who had a son named John. John Sidney 
was blessed with very good parents, who took great care to 
teach him how to live that he might be happy. John was 
their only son, and they were very fond of him, almost spoiling 
him with their love and kindness. But John was generally 
a good boy. and tried to do all that his parents wished. John 
went to school, learned his lessons, jilayed with the boj's, and 
was somewhat of a favorite with the teacher; but, like a good 
many boys, he bad a veiy weak ])oint; he did not like to be 
laughed at. This is a weakness with a great many boys, and 
often leads them into many difficulties. 

In the school to which he went, there were some boys who 
were older than John, and who on half holidays, would often 
take a walk in the countiT to enjoy the pure air, hear the sweet 
birds sing, and niu races or play at ball. Sometimes they 
would go down by the river to swim, for most of the boys cuuld 
swim and were fond of the water. John would go with them 
occasionally; but his quiet homely manner did not suit some of 
the more unruly boys, who were what is generally called "fast" 
boys, and had a great idea that they were veiy manly and knew 
more than any other boys of their age. 

One fine sunnner day, when they had a half-holiday, 
it was propo.scd that they should go nutting; that is, go into 
the woods and gather nuts, wdiich wore very plentiful in the 
woods whire they were in the habit of (roing. John was asked 
to go with them, and off they went, lull of life, joy and hope, 
glad to lca\e the close school room and enjoy the pure air 
w.'ilking, running, talking and laughing. You would have 
thought there were not any more happy boys in existence than 
they. They soon reached the woods, and found a place that 
was just like an arbor, overshadowed by trees and shrubs 
that protected them from the burning rays of the sun; and. 
being very tired, they ghidly sought the .shady sput. They had 
rested a little, when one of the buys asked John if he had ever 
had a .smoke. "A what?" asked John, who did not understand 
him. ''Why, smoke a cigar or pipe," replied the boy. "No;" 
answerd John, "my father would be angry if I were to do such 



a foolish thing." "Don't your father smoke?" asked one of 
the boys. "No;" replied John. "Then ho is no man," said 
another. "My father smokes, and so does his friends. I can 
tell you all men smoke, and I have frequently had one of dad's 
cigars, and they are fine, I can teU you," saying which ho took 
from his pocket part of a cigar half consumed, and lighting a 
match, began to smoke, passing it to his companions, who took 
a few pufi's and passed it to those who could draw the smoke. 
They laughed at John, and told him he would always be a baby, 
pinned to his mammy's apron string. John felt very much 
inclined to take a whiff rather than be called a baby, and 
resolved that he would try to smoke when no one could see him, 
and try how it felt. 

The fragment of cigar was soon finished, and the boys arose 
and commenced hunting for nuts. Thoy soon filled their 
pockets, for the nuts hung in plentiful clusters on the boughs. 
As they were talking of returning home they came to a delights 
ful brook, which looked so cjuiet and cool that nothing would do 
but they must have a bathe. Now, John was a good swimmer, 
and he felt if he could not smoke, he could at least show the 
boys that he could swim. Thoy undressed, and were soon in 
the water, splashing and swimming around like so many fish 
in the sea. One of the boys who had come with them could 
not swim very well; but seeing the boys boldly strike out and 
swim down the stream, not wishing to be behind them, he 
attempted to follow, and got out of his depth. Instead of 
keeping cool, he lost his courage, and down he went under the 
water. He arose to the surface and cried aloud for help, the 
water getting into liis mouth and ears; he, poor boy, being 
nearly frightened Xo death. But Uncle Gregory finds his visit 
completed, and will resume the story at the nest visit. 



JL 



[COXCLTJDED.] 

OTJI5/IOXJS LETTEI?.. 



THE following letter purports to be written by a Jew who 
was traveling in Palestine, in a merchant's employ, at the 
time the Lord Jesus Christ, oirr Savior, was upon the earth in 
the flesh. It was written by the young man to his tutor in the 
Netherlands. The letter was translated from the Danish of 
Dr. Jung-Stilling by Elder Jesse N. Smth. 

We publish the letter as an interesting document; its chief 
interest being centred in the descriptions of the Savior; but we 
do not endorse its particulars as true. Whether a work of the 
imagination, or not, it is evidently written by the Spirit, and 
leaves a pleasing impression on the reader's mind, and it may, 
possibly, be a true statement. — [Ed. J. I. 



THE feast of the Passover drew nigh, and all kinds of rumors 
were spread abroad in Jerusalem. The raising of Lazarus 
was almost forgotten already. iNIy host came to me one morning 
early and said in great iierturbation of mind, "Last night Jesus 
was taken prisoner, and now they have taken him bound before 
Pilate. One of his discijiles betrayed him; he whispered in the 
high priest's car where Jesus might be i'ound, and even accom- 
lianied thorn to take him ])risoncr; he was found in the garden 
of Gcth.-iomane, near the Mount of Olives. Let us go and 
ascertain the result." As .soon as I was dres.sed we proceeded 
to the Hall of Council. As we came near I saw that a multi- 
tude had gathered and were raging, as though in a riot. The 
jiiiests excited them more and more. I was deeply troubled. 
I knew that heavy judgments must follow the commission of 
this dreadful sin. At length we saw him at Golgotha. OhI 
master, what a sight was that! Ho had boon whijiped until he 
was covered with blood, a crown of thorns was on his head, an 
old torn mantle around liim, and a reed in his hand. He was 



li^ 




>? 



CTTJ^En^ILE I3srSTI?.TJCTOI^ 




so changed I could scarcely recognize him. He was suffering 
and silent; but seemed to regard the multitude with great com- 
passion. It was awful to sec them mock bis kingly dignity and 
worth; they clapped their bands and laughed aloud. 1 could 
not bear the sight; I shut myself up in my chamber and bitterly 
wept. My host soon returned, wo wejit and iirayed together. 

At length wc hoard that they had taken him out to Golgotha 
to cnicify him. Wc remained at home in the deepest .sorrow. 
But what a wonder! In the middle of the day the sun was 
darkened much more than during the greatest eclipse, it was 
like midnight The sun could be seen in the dear heavens, but 
bloody red. It was at the full moon, when no eclipse of the 
Bun can take place. Every one quaked and trembled, for they 
knew that this foretold evil. The darkness lasted fully three 
hours. Towards it.s close we went out to Golgotha, to ascertain 
what transpired there. We found Jesus hanging ujion a cross 
between two criminals; he still lived. I ai)proached as near as 
I could. I saw his mother and some other women in the deep- 
est anguish. John stood there also, and with tearful eyes 
looked in his suffering Master's face. 

At last we heard him say with a strong voice, "Father, into 
thy hands I coiumeud my spirit." Uc then bowed his head 
forward, drew a couple of deep breaths, and died. At the 
same moment the earth shook with a tremendous quake, and 
the cliff was rent a.sunder. We again hastened home. 

We now reflected much on all we had witnessed. Still be- 
lieving him to be the Messiah wc were not in the lca.=;t shaken 
on account of his death; but we could not understand it all. 
The darkness and the earthquake assured me that both in 
heaven and on earth Jesus was a most important pei'sonage. 
There now spread a rumor that at the moment of Jesus' death, 
and during the earthquake, the curtain whidi hangs between 
the Holy and the Holy of Holies in the Temple was rent from 
the top to the bottom, so that the Holy of Holies could be seen 
from without. This struck me as full of meaning, it bodes no 
good to our jieople. In Jerusalem all was still, the rage had 
subsided, giving place to sorrowful countenances everywhere to 
be .seen. On the morning of the third day another rumor 
spread that Jesu:i had arisen. Anxious to hear more I has- 
tened to the house where his mother and his disciples were 
assembled. Here I understood that it was tnie, and it was now 
our united and heartfelt desire to see him again. My business 
comjiellcd nie to depart, but I was filled with longing to know 
the result of all these things. I was however comforted with 
the thought that in two or three weeks I could return again to 
Jeru.-'alem. I went to Caesarca, and afterward to I'tolemais; 
and on my return I Htoppcd at Capernaum, where I found a 
great meeting of the friends of Jc-us, who were talking about 
his resurrection. They admitted me into their midst. Every 
moment the gencni! desire to see the risen Me8,siah seemed to 
incrca.'fe, until at la.st it took the fonu of a heartfelt prayer. Oh! 
my friend, on a sudden he Htornl in our midst, just the same ixs 
before, his face Ix-aming with joy and godlike majesty. A 
glorious lu.strc surrounded him, and his riAic was white. We 
all fell uiKtn our knees and wept. 'J'liere were about five hun- 
dred of us t/)gcther. Our feelings camiot be described. 

"I'eaco l>e with you," said he, and lie exhorted us to mutual 
love and charity, commanding us to go to Jerusalem, where_wo 
shoulc] further leant his will. 

We Were all nnurh comforted and n-maincd together llirough 
the night in prayer. The following morning I went to Jericho, 
and soon after to Jerusalem. Here everything went on as 
though notliing had liupi>ened. None but the friends of Jesus 
referred to the matter ul all. It was just a.i though no imjKjr- 
tant event had taken place; the same luxurioiis an<l diKHijiatcd 
ni<Hle of life continued an usual. Hut on the ilay of I'entceost, 
.'liter a slight earthquake, a stream of firo seemed to descend 






upon the house wliere the disciples and friends of Jesus were 
assembled. Inside the house flames appeared upon the disci- 
ples, and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. One of them, 
a fisherman of Bethsaida, named Peter, spoke so powerfully 
that several thousand i)cople who were assembled repeuted and 
beUcvcd ou the risen Messiah. It is remarkable that all the 
hearers heard Peter talk in their own mother tongue, although 
he spoke in the language of the countn,'. 

I was at this time in Bethany; but, on returning, I visited 
Peter, and found John with him and James, the brother of 
Jesus, whom I saw at Nazareth. These men seemed not to 
be themselves; they si)oke with such power and wisdom as I 
had never heard before, except of Jesus. I was fully informed 
by them concerning the atonement and redemption wrought out 
by JesiLs, of all which I shall give you. oral information. 
Farewell. 

GOOD WORPS ARE BETTER THAN HARD 
BLOWS. — That saying is true, everj' word of it, or I will 
forfeit my best wig. It reminds me of a young lad named 
Milton Mildway, who was ill-treated by another boy without any 
cause. Out of uiere wickedness, his young enemy mocked liim, 
called him names, and even pelted him with stones. But he 
bore it all ver>- quietly, and never threw hard words or stones 
back again. 

One day Milton was riding on horseback two or three miles 
from home, when he overtook his young foe, who was returning 
foot-sore and weary from the next village, whither he had been 
on an errand. Our little friend reined up his horse and said: 

"Johnny, you look tired! Are you going home?" 

"What's that to you'? Mind your own bu.-;ines.«!" replied the 
ugly little fellow, in a voice as gruff as that of my dog Growler. 

"Well, Johnny, I thought you walked as if you was tired; 
and if you would like to ride, you may get up behind me on my 
horse, that's all." 

Johnny looked .surprised at this kind offer. He hardly knew 
what to make of it. In a few moments he drawlingly answered: 

"I don't care if I do." 

Then Milton drove his horse to the side of the road where a 
great rock lay. Johnny stood on the rock, from whence he 
leaped on the horse, and they rode pleasantly along together. 
Johnny was so ali'eeted with the kind words and friendly conduct 
of Milton, wliiini he had ill-used .to olten, that he ever after- 
ward treated him kindly. He also became more gentle in his 
conduct toward every one. Kindness softened his heart and 
improved his eh;' meter. 

Now supi>ose Milton had answered Jidinny back again, and 
that instead of giving him that ride he had laughed at lus 
weariness, would Johnny have been improved'? Would his 
own heart have been half .so hajipy as it was in being kind'? 
Not it, indeed! Johimy and he would have Ix'cn still like snarl- 
ing dogs toward each other, perhaps for life, and their hearts 
strangers to all true enjoyment. Pont you think, therefore, 
that 'Good words arc better than hard blows." — HcUctaL 



A \'.\IJ;ABLE TAItLE.-A b..x twenty-six by (ifleen 
inches s<|uan>, and eight inelies deep, will contain a bushel. 

A box twelve by eleven and a half inches M|uarv, and nine 
inches deep, will conlain half a bushel. 

A box eight byeit'lil antl oned'ouilh inches 8<|uarc, and eight 
inelies deep, will conlain a peek. 

A box eight l)y eight inelies m|unm, and four and ono- 
ciglilh inches deep, will contain one gnllnii. 

A box seven by eight inches s<iuare, und four and onc-cighth 
inches diep, will conlain half a gallon. 

A box four inches s<piare, and four and one-fourth inches 
deep will contain a quart. ^^ 



^ 5S 



J" TJ ^ El Isr I L E I2SrSTI?."CrGTOI?. 



%l$ S^n^tniU itt^lpuclur. 



ts*? 



'^' 



iu- 



'iif 



APRIL 1, 18 67. 




UR Spring is a montli later than usual. 
Stern Winter relaxes his icy grasp verj' 
slowly. All nature shivers before the cold 
wind, and longs for the balmy breezes and 
warm suns of the tardy Spring. The 
children eagerly look forward for that 
sweet season. A group of them were 
together one evening in one of the houses 
of oxvc city, talking about tlie welcome 
J^^^ii^^-Cj-^-^^ time coming, when the earth will put on 
"^ ■''** ' ""^ its livery of green, and the au- be redolent with 
the fragrance of flowers and blossoms. As the 
children seemed to be in the proper mood, the 
Father proposed that each one should select a 
verse of poeti'y on Spring, and commit it to 
memory. The proposal was hailed with delight, and 
it was arranged-that the nest evening they shodd 
meet together and recite them. 
The evening came, and the fomily assembled in 
the .sitting room, the little ones smiling and important, anxious 
to hail the opening Spring with words of sweet welcome. The 
Father was present, and fidly entered into the spirit of the occa- 
sion. To the question, "who should recite first?" a general 
response was given, that as Pa was the oldest, he ought by all 
means to lead oiT. 

"Well, I suppose I ought to set j'ou the example; but my 
contribution, though really poetical, will not be rhyme. It was 
written many hundred years ago; but in a climate, as you will 
find if you listen, much warmer than ours — the sunny land 
where Jesus was born. It was king Solomon who wrote: 

'Lo, the winter is p.ast, the rain is over and gone; tlic flowers appear on 
the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and tlie voice of the 
turtle is he.ird in our land; the lig-tree puttoth forth lier green figs, and the 
Tines with the tender grape give a good smelU' '' 

All admired this cjuotation, and Grandma, who loved the 
Bible dearly, appeared most pleased of all. It was Mother's 
turn; she would have decUned; but the children pressed, and 
she gracefully complied. 

"Mine." .said she, "is from Sydney Dobell's expres.sive poem: 

* Spring, who did scatter all her wealth last year, 
Had gone to Heaven for more; and coming back^ 
Flower-ladi-n, after tliree full seasons, found 
The Kuj-lh, her mother, de;id.'" 

The children were gratified, for without JIa's contrilmtion the 

welcome would be iucumiik-te. 

"Now," i-aid Father, liiniingto Aunt Jane, "it is your turn." 
"Oh, it is so long since I 'spoke a piece'," said Aunt Jane, 

"that I do not know whether I can or not; but, if I do, mine 

must be from Pope: 

'In that soft season, when descending showers 
Call forth the greens, and wake the rising flowers; 
When opening buds salute the welcome day, 
Aufl earth relenting feels the genial ray."' 




was now Olive's turn. 
itt's lines: 



She blu>hingly recited ]\I.\UY 



" 'The Spring — she is a blessed thing: 
She is the mother of the flowers; 

.She is the mate of birds and bees. 

The partner of their revelries — 
Our star of hope through wintry hours. 
The little brooks run on in light, 
As if they had a chase of mirth; 

The skies are blue, the air is balm: 

Our very hearts have c^xught the charm 
That sheds a beauty o'er the earth.' " 

All joined in admiring this sentiment, and the sweet manner 
in which the writer had expressed it. 

Eva was prevented from being present; but as she had a 
selection from our own poetess. Sister Eliza R. Snow, it 
could not be omitted, and Aunt Jane gave her welcome for her: 

" 'Lovely Spring, we love to meet you: 
In your smiles, we smile to greet you: 
You have b.anish'd winter's sadness — 
You have filled the earth with gladness, 

And our hearts with joy and glee.'" 

"After so long a winter as this has been," said Mother, "how 
truthfully do those fines expi-ess our feeliugs. Now, John." 
"Mine is from Brother Joun Lyon's pen," said John; 

" 'Come, come joyous Spring, oh haste to our bowers! 
With thy sweet-scented perfume and gay colored flowers, 
Why tarry so long by th.at old shrunken tree — 
Where the Storm-king would Lijiger forever with thee? 
Sure cold, icy Winter, has no charms to bind 
The love of thy heart, with his cold freezing wind.' " 

"With .such a warm invitation," said Father, "Spring should 
not delay its arrival; our poet e\'idently feels what he wi'ites. 
Come Franklin what have you for us?" 

"My verse," said Franklin, "is from Kjeats: 

'After dark vapors have oppress'd our plains 

For a long dreary season, comes a day 

Born of the gentle South, aud clears away 
From the sick heavens all unseemly stains; 
The anxious month, relieved from its pains, 

Takes as a long lost right the feel of May, 

Tile eyelids with the passing coolness play. 
Like rose-leaves with the drip of summer riiins.' " 

"Very stately lines those," said his Father. "Abraham 
looks as though his verse was ready." 

Abraham's large eyes looked very expressive; but he was 
bashful, and he had to try twice before he got started. 

"Mine," said he, "is from Whiitier: 

'We wait for thy coming, sweet wind of the south, 
The touch of thy light wings, the kiss of thy mouth; 

* * * * 

Vp our long river valley for days have not ceased 
The wail and the shriek of the bitter northeast, 
Kuw and chill as though winnowed through ices and anew. 
All the way from the land of the wild Esquimaux. 
O soul of the .Spring-time, its balm and its breath! 

liglit of its darkness, and life of its death! 
AVLy wait we tby coming^ why linger so long 

The warmth of tby brcatbiug, the voice of tby song?' " 

"We have waited long for the sunny daj's of the Spring," 
said John. "It must be cold up in New England where that 
was written." 

"Now, Ro.sie," said Ma," it is your tm-n." 
"My verse," said Rosie, "is from Mrs. Healvns: 

'I come! I come! ye have called me long; 

1 come o'er the motintalns witli light and song, 
Y'e may trace my .steps o'er the walientng earth 
By the winds which tell of tlie violet's birth, 
By tlie primrose .stars in llie slmdowy grass. 
By the green leaves opening as I pass,' " 

''Excellent lines; they sound as though Spi-ing was replying 
to Whittier's call," said their Father. "Mother, cannot you 
give us a welcome on behalf of Elizabeth?" 




i? 



CTTJ VEI^iniiE I3^STI?."CrCTOI?.. 



^^^^M 



53 



Elizabetli was too young to repeat her welcome herself; but 
she was the pet, and the children wer« all desirous that she 
should have .something s;»id for her. 

Their Mother .s;iid, "if I repeat a welcome, it ma<t be from 
my favorite, our own sweet poetess, Sister Ei.IZA R. JjNoW; 

'ITpon Winter's tomb, what so sad appears? 
'TIS the Infant season beiiewed with tears; 
And Spring has arrlv'd at the nurs'ry bow'rs, 
To caress the child In Its helpless hours— 
To Increase Us pulse — for Its pulse Is weak— 
To unbind Its tODKUe, that Its lips may speak; 
And direct Us wild, incoherent form, 
And the frozen strings of Us heart to warm.' '' 

All thought this verse a very pretty one. 

John looked as though he would like to .*ay something more. 
In reply to his Pa's fjuestion, he .-iaid he had some words 
of Adams' that he thought were nice. They were: 

"A bursting Into greenness, 

A waking lis from sU-ep, 
A I wllter and a warble, 

That make the pulses leap; 
A sense of renovation. 

Of freshness and of health; 
A casting oil' of sordid fear, 

A carelessness of wealth. 
A watching, a-s In childhood. 

For the flowers that one by one 
Open their goMen petals 

To woo the tllful sun; 
A gush, a tliish, a gurgle, 

A wish to shout and sinz, 
As filled with hope and gladness, 

We ball the vernal Spring." 

We have not space to dwell on the advantages which this 
manner of welcoming Spring offers; but can .is.sure our little 
readers that it was very plea.s;int and instructive. The chiUivii 
of the family of which we write entered into the spirit uf it and 
enjoyed the occasion. 



/''/*■ f/ir Jitt'cntle JiisffKctor. 

THE LITTLE G-i:E?.rj THIJ^T 
Sj^^VES HER/ nyEOIsTE^'. 



LVDIA is a little girl that loves to read. She thinks that the 
Jlvkxii.e I.NSTRurTOR is a very nice paper. She likes to 
look at the pictures, and she is \iiry fond of reading the stories; 
and she remembers .some of the Bible stories so well, that it is 
amasing to hear her repeat them. Lydia's friend.s often make 
her presents of small i)ieces of money, such as five and ten cent 
pieces, but she does not run to the store and buy candy and 
Bweet-mcats with the nionc^y as s<jon as she gets it: she lays it 
by in her little bo.x, till she gets enough to buy a book or some- 
thing else that will be of some use. 

Lydia's father takes the Jl VKMI.K I.NSTRUCToR for liis chil- 
dren to read; but she, not satistied with that, wanted it for her- 
self to be her own, s<j that she can have it made into a book, 
when she geU enough to make one: last year she saved money 
enough to ]jay for the paper, and lirolher Cannoii ha.M her name 
written on it, ami it is sent to her; and now she is saving all the 
money slie gets lu) as to be r.-ady to pay for the next year. 

If all the little l^jys, and girls too, would do like this little 
girl, how nuich bi-td-r it woulii be for them, ihan it is to spend 
their little pieces of money as f'a.st :i» ihcy fl iheiii, and when 
the year comes round they have nolliing to show for all the 
money they liuve s|M'nt. 

Lydiu is H good girl in many olhiT thinifH. She always says 
her prayers lK.'fori,' she g(»cs to iM'd: slie knits and sews vi'r>' 
nicely, and she says slw sli:ill Is- bapli/i'd as .Himn ns .-lie is oM 
cnouvh. 1 think nil little ■■hildrcii an- irood. that think much 
of aud like U) read the Jlvk.mi.k I.\hTKL<'r<>ii. K. H. S. 



THE 



For the Juvenile Itutruetor, 

■VV OLE. 



THIS animal h.as become proverbial for its cruel and ferocious 
nature, for it is no unusual thing to s.ny that men who 
manifest the.se bad traits of character have a wolfish disposition; 
yet it is cowardly, when compared with it.s strength and ferocity. 
.^IaIly of our young readei-s may have heard the howling of 
wolves in the mountains around the.se valleys, particularly in 
the winter time when thei-o is deep snow on the ground, at 
which season hunger often makes the most timid creature come 
near the abodes of men in search of food. 

The Common Wolf is fotmd in most Kuropean countries, and 
in America. At one time it probably existed in all European 
countries, as it is known that wolves were once iilentiful in 
(ireat Britain, though none have been found therefor two or 
three hundred years. 

The wolf is a very carnivcrous or flesh eating animal, and it 
will dig up bodies that have been buried and lightly covered 
with earth or sand, which is sometimes the case on the prairies, 
and devour them. 

The scene sun-ounding the wolf in our illustration .sccnis an 




appropriate one for the nature of the aiiinial. The evidences 
that death has been there are so plain, in the grinning skulls, 
the bare skeletons and the .scattered bones, while the a.\e and 
rifle against the tree to the right seem to indicate that the 
pursuits of tho.sc, among whoso remains the wolf is now |irowl- 
ing, were of a peaceful character. 

Many tales are told of tlie ferocity of the wolf, when through 
large numlx;rs being gathered together anil perhaps pres.sed by 
hunger they have ca.st aside their usual eowanlice. and liavo 
))Ursued men and horses many miles, howling and snapping 
behind the heels of the fleeing horses ami their riilers. 

In the Pyrenees Mountains betwiin l''i;ince and ,'^pain there 
are sevend species, especially the Blaik Wolf which exceeds the 
Common Wolf in streiiL'th and size. In the passi's of those 
mcjiinlains this kind will ofti'ii concrepate together in largo 
troops and follow trains of mules ami iiiiileteers, bounding from 
bush to busli sometimes ))andlel with the trains, and waiting an 
opportunity to pounce upon a victim. 

On the vast plains of i{us,sia in Northern Europe, when the 
snow covers the ground in a ila/.xling slieet as far as the ej-c can 
reach, tnivelers are often liable to be attackeil by them; and 
nnl"ss tlii'y are bles-MMl with much piesenee of mind, ami seated 
behiml swil'l hors»'s of great iK.wers of eniliinince, their jK'ril 
is ininiineni, t<>r the bowling of the feriN-ious nninials calls 
lopetlier nunibeis from every side, until the tnivelers are in 
duiiKcr of beiiiK surnmnileil by ihi'in. In Norway and Sweden 
the Wolf is much the same us in Kussiii, larpe and shapuy 
liMiking liecauAc uf having ii thick coverintr of hair; but of 
lighliT color, turning ouiiplcU'ly while in the winter. 

Wolves have licen known at times to follow |H<nioiiH, when 



ss^^^- 



■a^t 






6^, 54r 



0" TJ ^ E ItT I L E in^STI^TJOTOl?. 



^ 



impelled by hunger, to the dwelling places of human beings, 
and even into houses, forcing their entrance down chimneys or 
by any other way through which they could get in. 

The story of the old negro fiddler may not be known by all 
our readers. He was going to play at a wedding dance, and 
being pursued by wolves on his way, took shelter on the roof of 
a log shanty. The wolves were howling furiously around, when 
the strings of his fiddle being touched, he saw the wolves start 
and listen, ceasing their howling. He took courage, fiddled to 
the wolves while they listened; and thus he was engaged when 
a party from the wedding, who had come in search of him, 
found him, scared away the wolves, and relieved him from his 
uncomfortable position and unwished for auditors. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

3D I S O B E ID I E IT G E TO 
G O TJ IT S i: Ij . 



T' 



10 some persons it may appear strange that the elders of the 
church in their addresses to the saints, should so 
frequently dwell upon the necessity of constant obedience to 
counsel. But although this may seem strange, stUl the experi- 
ence of both the elders and the saints goes to prove that 
"obedience is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat 
of rams. ' ' The Bible, the Book of Jlormon and the Book of 
Doctrine and Covenants contain many instances of the blessings 
that have attended obedience and the serious consequences that 
have followed disobedience. I will not, however, refer to any 
one of these divine books; but will give my little readers an 
instance of the consequence of disobedience which occurred to 
me in my early experience in the church, in the commencement 
of the year 1839. 

At that time I was living with the saints in Far West, 
though I owned property, which I had been driven from, at the 
Three Forks of Grand River, distant fiom Far West about 
thirty miles. As I wished to learn whether I could dispose of 
this property or not, I asked Father Smith and President 
Brigham Young for counsel about visiting Grand River for this 
purpose. They counselled me not to go; but to stay at-home. 
I had been driven from my property by the mob that came 
against the saints, and as the saints were obliged to leave the 
State I desirod to go with them to Illinois. But I did not 
want to be burdensome to others. If I could sell my property 
on Grand River I would not be, so I concluded that there could 
not be much harm in my going to Grand River, and I .set out. 
How I succeeded the following extract from my journal will 
show. 

December 31, 1838, being anxious to obtain means to make 
a team, that I might bo able to go with the saints, I this 
morning mounted the only horse I had left, and started for the 
Three Forks of Grand River. I arrived at my farm on now 
year's day, and learned that a man by the name of George 
Washington O'Neil had it in po.s.session. I passed on two 
miles further to a family by the name of Day, who had come in 
from the eastern States a few weeks before I was driven awaj'. 
This faniily had taken no part with the mob. I found the lady 
at home, and received from her a history of my property. She 
informed me that O'Xcil and Gulp, iVIis.souri mol)bcrs, had 
said that if ever I came to the i)laco, they would kill me; and 
that one Henderson and others would help them. When on my 
fami I had sold store goods to a number of the citizens, who 
were to pay me for them at Christmas. She said, she had 
heard many of them say that if I came there, they would pay 
me a.s 'Mormons" .should be paid. 

Just at this time O'Neil and Gulp came into the hou.sc, they 



demanded of me my reasons for being there. I told them that 
I was attending to my business. They said I had no business 
there, and if I got away from there that I would be smart. I 
replied that I was a white man, and that it was time enough to 
be afraid when I saw danger, and that I should go and come 
when I pleased. They told me that they would as soon kill me 
as a dog, and that there would be no more notice taken of my 
death than if a dog were killed. This I very well understood. 
They then told me that they supposed I had come to get my 
property. I told them I had. To which they replied that 
there was no property for me. After repeated threatenings, I 
became convinced that it was in vain to think of obtaining any- 
thing, and started for my horse, which was hitched at the yard 
fence about five rods from the door. They followed me. 
O'Neil picked up the end of a hoop pole which Mr. Day had 
left there, he having been hooiiing a barrel. With this pole he 
struck mo a blow upon the head which nearly brought me to the 
ground. I looked around for a club with which to defend 
myself; but there was none in sight. He continued striking 
me, and would doubtless have killed me, had I not had a vei-y 
thick woollen cap on my head. 

Mrs. Day threw open the door and cried murder. I ran for 
the house to get something if possible to defend myself with; 
but, before I reached the door, he struck me repeatedly, and 
gave me one blow over the eye, the soar of which I carry to this 
day. As soon as I got into the house, I clutched the fire shovel. 
At that moment Mrs. Day closed the door that I could not get 
out nor O'Neil in. He and Gulp then passed the window. On 
which Mrs. Day supposed they had started for their guns, so I 
mounted my horse and rode for Far West as fast as I could. 
IMy head and fjice soon commenced swelling. On my way home 
I washed my.^elf, and resolved not to inform any one what had 
happened, as Father Smith and President Young had both told 
me not to go. I reached home about eleven o'clock at night, 
and went to bed without making a light. In the morning I 
arose, and just as soon as I got out of bed, I found myself on 
the floor. My wife was alarmed and screamed. I told her 
what had happened; but told her to keep the matter from my 
fiimily. Father Smith, however, soon heard of the occurrence, 
and came to see me. He hoped, he said, that the lesson would 
do me good, and that he was glad that I was not quite killed. 

Now, children, you have seen what happened to me through 
disobeying council. Had I obeyed the words "do not go, but 
stay at home," I should not have fallen into this trouble. 
May you be wise, and in this particular, profit by my experience. 

Anson Call. 



w V ^ 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

TERRIBLE JUDGMENT.? AMONG THE NEPHITES AT 
THE DEATH OF JESUS. 



IN our last we described the sign which was given the 
Nephites of the birth of Jesus in Judea. Just thirty-three 
years after, as Sanmel the Lamanite had predicted, the people 
began to experience the awful calamities which followed the 
crucifixion of the Savior by the wicked Jews at Jerusalem. On 
the fourth day of the first month of the thirty-fourth year since 
the birth of Jesus there arose a most terrible tempest, — such a 
one as had never been known, accompanied by the most awful 




i?^ 

^^1 



a"TJ"VEIsriXjE in^STE^TJCTOI^. 



-^^£|^ 



55 



thunder and lightning and dreadful eaitiir|uakes. The great 
city of Zarahenila took fire, the city of Mortini, with all its 
inhabitants, sunk into the depths of tlie wa; the earth was 
thrown up out of the city of Moronihah, so that in place of 
this city there was a great luouuuiii. And the whole face of 
the laud was changed, north and south, cast and west, by this 
fearful stonn and earthqiiake, so that the roads were broken 
up and .spoiled, niany groat cities with their inliabitaiits were 
swallowed up by the sea and by the land, niatiy more were 
buried, while others were so shaken by the oarthiiuake that 
they were but a mass of ruins, having all their inhabitants 
destroyed, and those cities that remained were very much 
damaged and many of their citizens slain. Many people were 
carried away in the whirlwind and never seen any more. 
Mountains were thrown up where beautiful valleys had existed 
before, fi-uitfui fields and jHipulous cities were turned into 
barren, desolate wastes, and the rocks were rent and .scattered 
over the eountrj-, as we find them in some places at the present 
day, leaving great clia.sms, precipices and caves, and seams and 
cracks in the earth all over tlio face of the land. This awful 
desiiiictioulasted about three hours, and was accompanied by a 
thick and horrible darkness which continued three days, 
duriig which time the people could not make any light nor 
kindle any fire, and the land was tilled with the groanings of 
the wounded and the dying, and tiie weeping, howlliij: and 
mourning of those who had lost their relatives and fneml.-. All 
tliLs came upon them because of their wickedness. The Lord 
had .sent many goi>d men amongst them for many years telling 
them to repent of their sins and cease their lying, swearing, 
stealing, murdering and oppressing the poor, and exhorting 
them to seek unto the Lord for his forgiveness and spirit, 
warning them of the consequences if they did not do so. But 
instead of humbling them.sclves before God, for.«aking their sins, 
and reeei\nng these good men as friends and senant.s of the 
Lord, they persecuted them and all tho.se who Ixjlieved on their 
word.-i, and put many of them to death in a very cruel manner. 
So we see that they deserved all the .sufferings that came upon 
them. But all the rightcou.-; — lho.'« who believed in Jesus 
Christ of whom the prophets had spoken, who loved God and 
hU .servants and tried to obey their words — were preserved, so 
that none of them were burned, nor drowned, nor swallowed up 
in the earth. So we see God can and docs prCBCr\'e those who 
love, obey and put their trust in Ilim. 

After the tempest and eartli(|uakc liad ceased, the voice of 
the Lord was heard throughout tiic land, among all the people, 
saying '"Wo unto the inhabitants of the earth unless they 
repent," and a great many more words that we cannot insert 
here; but if any of you would like to know what Jcsms said to 
the Nephitcs at that time, you can find it in the fourth chapter 
of the Book of Ncphi, commencing at the sixth jiaragrajih on 
page 401 of the Book of Mormon. 



BOYS USLN'G TOBACCO.-A strong and sensible writer 
says a good, hliurp thing, and a true one, aU^ut Uiy.-* wlio usr 
ti>l>accu: "It has ultirly k|Mjiled and utt<irly ruineil tliiiu><ands of 
boyri. It t^'iidit til softt.'ning and weakening of tin; bmics, uiid 
greatly injures tlic brmin, tbo »pinul warn*w, and the whole 
Dcr^'o^n fluid. A l«>y who smokes early and fn'<|Mriitly, or in 
any way uxes large (|uaiititie.H of tobatxii, in m.-ver known (o 
make a man of much eni'rg>', and grncrally lackn nmscular ami 
phyidc*! an well an mental jxjwer. We would particularly warn 
liuyM who want to lie anything in the worl<l, to shun toimero nn 
a nioxt baneful p'linon. It injunv the tcelli. It produecH an 
uiduaithy "tate of tlic liirual and lungx, liurts iLu Ktaiuoch, 
and bl;uitit tho broio and oorvu*." — HtUctcd, 



Biopaji]ftt|. 






THEE 







IlOTliKHLY and warm feelings prompted 
Joseph to visit Daviess county, lie had no 
wish to do any person harm. His brethren 
were in danger, and he hastened to a.ssist 
them. But for thi-i his enemies spared no 
pains to bring him into trouble. Black, 
twenty days al\er giving Jo.'<eph and his 
company this document, made an affidavit 
that lie had been threatened with instant 
death, by an armed force of one hundnd and 
filly-four men, if he did not sign a certain iristru- 
iiiciit binding himself, as a Justice of the Peace 
for said county of Daviess, not to molest the peo- 
jiio called Mormons; he also swore that they had 
threatened the lives of himself and other individ- 
uals. William P. Peniston also, who was the candi- 
date at tho election, went into Bay county and swore 
before Judge Austin A. King that a large body of 
men had committed violence against Adam Black by 
surrounding his house, and taking him and forcing him, under 
threats of death, to sign a writing of a ver>' disgraceful charac- 
ter, and that they had threatened to kill him (Peniston) on 
sight, and also to drive all tho old citizens of Daviess county 
from the county and to take po.oscssion of their projjcrty. He 
also swore that Joseph ami Lyman Wight were the leaders of 
this body of men. Thive other mobbei-s swore to the same 
eflcct. These base mobocrats swore to these lies for the purpose 
of bringing Jo.-icph into trouble and creating an excitement 
among the i>cople. Their hearts were haixl and ciirnipf, and 
they gloried in robbing, mobbing and murdering innoiiiit men, 
women and children, and they would swear more readily to hcs 
than to s|M>ak the truth. 

Judge King, on the affidavit of Peniston and the others, 
i.s.sued a writ for the arrest of Joseph, for visiting l>avie.ss 
county. Tho sheriff of Davie.ss county called upon Jo.'icph at 
Far West, and notified him that he had a writ for him to take 
him to Daviess county for trial. 'J"he reiiort had been circulated 
that Joseph would not sull'er him.sdf (o be taken by legal pnie- 
e.ss. Ho relieved the shcrifl' by telling him that lie always 
intended to submit to the laws of tho land; but that he wished 
to be tried in his own county. There wa.s too much excitement 
and bad feeling in Daviess county for liim to have any ho)K" of 
obtaining justice there. When the shiTiff heard what Jo.seph 
had to say, he declined serving the writ upon him, and .said he 
would CO and sec Judge King on the subjict. He went, and 
when he returned, he found iIcL-eph at home, he liaving iinmi- 
iscd the sherifl', that he would renuiin there until his n'lurn. 
He very gravely informed .lo-eph that ho coid<l not ad in Cald- 
well county, and that he, therefore, waji out of his jurisdiction, 
and then withdrew. 

But, from this eireiimstaiKv, the report went out, ami wat 
widely spread, that Jo.-t-pli and Lyman Wight had rr.-i>tid tho 
officiT This was done to create excitement. The wi<kr<l were 
determined to find, if possible, cau.tes of ofTenco ncaiiist them, 
and ihey went inio the surrouiiiliiig i-ounlry |<-Iliiig the most 
abomiiialile lies about .loM-ph and the Sniiit.i. Tin' mob l«'pnn 
I to olliyl from all upper .^lis.«ou^i into Davieni, for the purpow, 
OH they said, of hcljiing to take Joiieph and Lyman Wight. 



^tif^i\ 



<i^ 56 



cr "cj "^riB isr I L E ii^sti^tjctoi?. 



About this time Lilburn W. Boggs, tben Governor of the State 
of Missouri, issued orders as Commander-in-Chief of the Militia, 
through his adjutant general, to Generals David R. Atchison, 
John B. Clark, Samuel D. Lucas, David Willock, Louis Bolton, 
Henry W. Crowther and Thomas D. Graut to have some com- 
panies of cavalry and infantry in their several divisions of the 
militia put in readiness for immediate service. The excuse 
made by Boggs for this action was that there were signs of 
Indian disturbances and of civU disturbances in Caldwell, 
Daviess and Carroll counties. The allusion to Indian troubles, 
was merely a bhnd; Boggs knew that there was no cause to raise 
the militia to guard against the Indians. But he hoped to have 
an opportunity to use the troops againstthe Saints. Lilburn 
W. Boggs was a base, bad man — a traitor to every republican 
principle, and a bloody tj'rant who took delight in using his 
power for the persecution and destruction of the innocent. 

To do evervthing in his power to remove all cause of offence, 
and to show himself as a law-abiding, loyal man, was always a 
matter of duty with Joseph. If others did wrong, and acted in 
direct violation of all law by joining together in mobs, it made 
no difference to him. He himself, would not do wrong; he 
always would keep the law on his side and entrench himself in 
the right. Those who knew him, therefore, were not surprised 
at his wilKngness to volunteer to be tried by Judge King in 
Daviess county. Lyman Wight also volunteered to be tried 
with him. That the public might not remain in ignorance 
about the details of his visit to Daviess county, Joseph made an 
alEdavit, in which he set forth with straightforward plainness 
all the particulars of his trip. 

On the 6th of September, 1838, Josejjh, accompanied by his 
brother Hyrum and others of the brethren, left Far West for the 
place appointed for trial; but the plaintiff was absent, and the 
court adjourned untU the nest day. In going there the next 
day, Joseph deemed it wise to have a company of the brethren 
accompany him to the line of Caldwell county, and there remain 
so as to be ready at a moment's warning, if there should be any 
difficulty at the trial. This was very necessary, as the excite- 
ment was very high, and many threats had been made against 
Joseph. William P. Peniston was the prosecutor, and his 
only witness was Adam Black. Lfpon this occasion Black 
maintained his old character for lying. He swore by the jols; 
and such lies as he told were probably never exceeded in court 
in the world. There were fom' witnesses who testified for 
Joseph. But what weight could four truthful Latter-day Saints' 
testimony have in a court in Missouri against one bad, false 
man who opposed them? King bound Joseph and Lyman 
Wight over to court in a five hundred dollar bond, though there 
was no proof against them to criminate them. He i)robably 
did this to pacify the feelings of the mobbers. It was not 
justice that had to be .satisfied; but the mob! He stated 
afterwards, in the presence of one of the brethren, that there had 
been nothing proved against Joseph and his companion worthy 
of bonds. Do j-ou not think, children, that such a man was 
verj' unfit to be a judge'? A righteous judge would not swerve 
from justice and truth, no matter what the results might be. 
Joseiih .submitted to the decision without mm-muring and gave 
the bonds with sufficient .securities. 



SiNXEKfTY is to speak as we think, believe as we lu'etend, 
act as we profe.ss, perform as we promise, and really be what 
we would seem and appear to be. 

I'eciple who boast of their knowledge generally have very 
ittle of it. while those who pos.sess kuowledge arc not anxious 
to show it. 




fdijlttal fo<^|p|i. 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 

X)0 "VSTHIJ^T IMIJ^ TELXjS 'Z'OTJ. 



Tills morning, Dear ^Yillie, I hope you'U be good, 
And do what Ma tells you, as all children should; 
I'm now going to wash you, and then comb your hair, 
And, as you must know I've not much time to spare, 
I wish you to come here at once, — now, don't pout. 
But stand still, instead of thus twisting about, — 
That's better, much better, — now, that's a good boy! 
Keeji so, and your troubles will soon turn to joy. 
There, now, its all over, and j'ou're neat and clean; 
And I am much pleased that so good you have been; 
So 'Willie, my dear little !5oy, come with me, • 
I've something so nice in the kitchen you'll see. 
For being so good, you shall have such a treat! 
A slice of plum cake I will give you to eat. 
And if you continue to be a good boy, 
This evening I'll give you a pretty new toy. 
And "Willie, remember, it always is best — 
To do what you're told, for you're sure to b 6 blest; 
If you will endeavor through childhood and youth 
To honor your parents in meekness and truth. 

H. M. 



Jg@°= The following poetical answer by E. M. 5IcG, to our 
Charade in No. 3 reached us too late to appiear at the proper 
time. With i)leasure we give it space in our present number. 

News throughout our "Mountain home" with electric spark. 

Your whole, Dj:sebet State Telegraph, doth impart.^ 

Your small quadruped is the cunning rat, 

Your article of wearing apparel is hat, 

Your written communication is a letter, 

Your man's name recalls that of saintly Peter, 

Your woman's name Sarah, of old, of whom we read. 

Your discovery is telegraph of lightning speed. 

Your Dixie fruit must be the sweet, clustery Grape, 

And deserter abandons to make his escajje. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

G h: -^ I^ J^ ID E . 



BY T. W. E. 



I am composed of 1.5 letters: 

My 6, 7, 8, 9, is a mineral. 

My 10, 14, 1.5, 2, is a form of medicine. 

My 1 , 3, 4, 5, is a part of the body. 

My 10, 7, 12, 4, 11, is ancient and modern coin. 

My 9, 14, 13, 5, is the name of a dog. 

IMy whole is used by carpenters and others. 



Is published i7l Great Salt Lake City, Utah Teiritoi~y, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

ear" It is expected where agents forward names they ivlll be responsible 
for the jmjicrs thus ordered; and irhcn Cash payments are made, they 
will please forward them leith the letter contixining the names of the 
sult^cribers. 

gS- Elder M'm, JJ. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Cfichc J'alle)/, 

«S- Gram" brought to this City for the JITVENII.E Instructor tcillbe 
received at l/ie ojjice of our paper— OS.SERE.T Kiiws Buildings. 




