





VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, MARCH 19, 1870. 



NO. 6. 



THE X)03Sr OOSSJ^OICS. 



WE give you herewith a representation of the Don Cos- 
sacks, a most numerous race of people who live on 
both sides of tlie river Don, from aliout the flfty-flrst 
degree of latitude to its junction with the sea of Azof. 
They also possess large districts on the eastern shores of 
that sea, the Blacli Sea, and the Caspian, and even stretch 
to the east as far as tlie confines of Siberia. 

Tney are said to be descendants of the ancient Scythians, 
and appear to liave first 
emigrated from the regions 
now denominated Circassia; 
but tlieir numbers have 
been increased by refugees 
fiom various other coun- 
tries. 

It is said of this people 
that, in former times, they 
presented the singular and 
striking peculiarity of a free 
people living in the midst of 
abject slavery, for the lower 
classes in Russia were serfs 
and were owned by the 
lords of the soil, wlio could 
dispose of them as so many 
cattle. All this has been 
changed of late years. The 
present Emperor of Russia 
passed a decree of emancipa- 
tion, by which the serfs 
were made free. In Russia, 
when the people wish to use S 
a figure about freedom they 
say "as free as a Cossack."' 
The Cossacks enjoying all 
the freedom that can be im- 
agined. 

There is no nation on the 
globe within whose borders 
so many nationalities dwell as within those of Russia. 
These tribes, races and nations differ from each other in 
laws, manners and religion as well as in their appearance. 
In some of the southern provinces the inhabitants enjoy a 
fruifful soil and a temperate and delicious climate, and 
lead a pastoral or agricultural life, in the midst of abun- 
dance. In the northern regions, where the earth yields 
little or no return from cultivation, and the only reliance 
of the people is fishing, or the chase, or the milk and flesh 
of the reindeer, their life is not very pleasant, and their 




appearance shows the effect of the climate and of the in- 
ferior circumstances by which they are surrounded. They 
are much smaller and a more degraded race than the peo- 
ple of the South, who are tall and graceful. 

TheCzarorEmperorof Russia can disposeof the livesand 
property of all his subjects according to his own pleasure. 
He is called an autocrat, which means that he has absolute 
power over his people; his government is called autocratic. 

These Cossacks, in the 
picture, are not subject, in 
this manner, to his will. 
They have their own chiefs, 
and live in a sort of Repub- 
lic of their own; though in 
the wars of Russia they are 
called into military service, 
and form fine bodies of cav- 
alry. 

A TALK \VITH A 
LION TAMER. 

A LION-TAMER named 
Legriel was severely bitten 
in the leg by a lioness at 
Marseilles, in August last, 
and is still disabled in con- 
sequence of the wound. One 
of the local papers describes 
a visit to him as follows: In 
answer to a question as to 
his manner of taming lions, 
he replied at length, saying 
that it was a gift of nature 
with him: 

"I have no fear of them. 
People tell me every time I 
get a wound it should be a 
warning to me, and should 
make me tear to go into the cage again. But it does not. 
When I am away from the lions I get home-sick, aiul 
when I go wliere they are, and my wounds prevent me 
from going in the cage, I get more home-sick still. I 
never saw any lions I could not tame. Two years ago, I 
tamed two lions in New York, which, while in Europe, 
had killed one man and badly wounded another, who had 
attempted to tame them. In three weeks after they 
were put in my charge they were as tame as I wished, 
though before they were considered untamable. I very 





J -9 



43 



J-U'VEll^II-.E IlsrSTI?,TJOTOI^. 



■^^^115 



^^i 



seldom use force in taming them, but sometimes it be- 
comes necessary — kindness is my usual plan. I am care- 
ful to keep my eye upon them." 

Every one who has seen the lion-tamer leaving the cage 
after his feat of laying down among the lions, putting his 
feet on their heads, feeding them and tiring off pistols, 
has doubtless noticed how careful he was — stepping out 
backward very deliberately, and watching very closely 
the beasts, which always advanced upon him. In speak- 
ing of this, he said: 

"If I did not keep my eye upon them they would jump 
at me. They have sense enough to know that I am 
retreating from them, and they gain courage; there is more 
danger to me at this time than any other. If the lions 
were at liberty, I should fear to go near them. Some 
people think that a lion born in Europe is more docile, 
partaking less of the nature of the brute than one born in 
Africa or Asia. Not so. I would rather have to tame a 
litter born in either of the last mentioned places, than a 
litter born in this country — the latter are more dangerous 
and less easily tamed." 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






% 



j^iL,Tj ivr. 



THERE are rocks in this Territory containing the sul- 
phate of alumina; consequently alum could be made 
in abundance if we had sufficient ammonia, or potash; for, 
it will be remembered, alum is a double salt. By and by, 
no doubt, the salts of ammonia will be made here as they 
are in large cities, from waste animal substances. Already 
alum has been manufactured by Mr. A. C. Pyper from the 
rock alum found at Sanpete. This rock contains iron, 
which has to be removed; then, by using ammonia, alum 
is made. There is a very pure sulphate of alumina found 
at the Promontory, it is a feathery alum, free from iron, 
15 percent, of the entire bulk of the clay it is contained 
in can be dissolved out. This, when properly treated with 
the carbonate of ammonia, produces fine crystals. 

Rocks containing this salt are called alum ores, some of 
which contain the double salt ready formed; but, more 
frequently, chemical treatment is necessary to produce 
the perfect salt. Around volcanoes the pure alum is 
sometimes found, this is collected and lixivated (made 
into a lye) and the solution made to crystalize. Some 
rocks contain, besides alum, a quantity of hydrate of 
alumina, which forms a kind of mucilage when softened 
with water. This kind of rock may be calcined, by which 
it loses its water, it is then incapable of remaining united 
with the alum of the mineral. 

"Roche" alum is a kind found in Syria; it has a pale 
pink color; this is freijuently made into baskets for orna- 
mentation. This art is soon acquired by the ingenious. 
A rude frame-work, resembling a basket in shape, is sus- 
pended in a srtlnraled solution of alum. To make this, as 
much of the alum as can be dissolved in boiling water 
forms the solution; no sooner is any insoluble substance 
placed in thi-t, than crystals form around it. The young 
artist may begin by placing a few threads across a wooden 
vessel, into which let the solution be poured; the process 
of crystalization may be wat<'licd with interest from time 
to time. If this solution, well saturated, is painted on 
glass, very beautiful crystals are formed, having the ap- 
pearance of frosted glass. The solution made from the 



rocks found here will not crystaiize until it has been 
chemically combined with either potash, soda, or ammo- 
nia. Even putrid urine added to this solution gives the 
necessary amount of ammonia. 

Alum is of great use in dyeing, it forms a mordant, that 
is, it fixes tlie colors. It is also used for preparing skins 
by the white process, for which purpose all that is neces- 
sary is to dip skins in strong alum-water, let them dry, 
and then dip them in salt and water, thus forming a 
chloride of alumina in the pores of the skins. Skins may 
be dressed with a solution of our native alums in this 
manner. Alum is also used for the manufacture of red 
ink, and for hardening tallow for candles. It ought not 
to be eaten, as it often is, in consequence of its being used 
by dishonest bakers in large cities to conceal the bad 
quality of fiour. Alum makes bread whiter, and causes 
it to absorb and retain more water, thus cheating the 
buyer. We may be thankful that we live in a country 
where such wicked practices, which shorten life, are not 
resorted to. Sometimes little children eat alum as if it 
were candy; this should not be, for it is injurious to health. 
It may be used for a gargle; a decoction of oak bark and 
alum dissolved in it, is very excellent for sore throat; but 
it should not be swallowed. It is an astringent, and is 
used as such in medicine; but it is not to be used, dear 

children, as candy! 

Beth. 



[For the Jtwcnile Instructor. 



THE white people were not numerous at Lahaina, and 
there were but very few at any other place on the is- 
land of Maui. Preaching to them with the hope of con- 
vincing them of the truth seemed a hopeless labor. The 
question arose directly, "shall we confine our labors to the 
white people?" It is true that we had not been particu- 
larly told to preach to the natives of the islands; but we 
wre in their midst, had full authority to declare unto 
them the message of salvation, and if we did not declare it 
unto them, some other Elders would have to come and do 
so, in order to fulfil the command of God to his servants. 
For my part I felt it to be clearly my duty to warn all 
men, white and red; and no sooner did I learn the condi- 
tion of the population t'lan I made up my mind to acquire 
the language, preach the gospel to the natives, and to the 
whites whenever I could obtain an opportunity, and thus 
fill niv mission. I felt resolved to stay there, master the 
language and warn the people of those islands, if I had to 
do it alone; for I felt that I could uot do otherwise and be 
free from condemnation; the spirit of it Wiis upon me. 
Elders Bigler and Keeler felt the same. 

I mention this, because it was a point upon which a dift- 
erence rf opinion afterwards arose, some of the Elders 
being of the opinion that our mission was to the whites, 
and that when wo had warned them, we were at liberty to 
return. How do you think such diflcrences of views and 
opinions can be settled? Had the president of the mission 
exercised the authority to dictate, he could have decided 
between these views; but he would not. He left each one 
to act for himself. We were in a foreign laud, far distant 
from the Apostles and First Presidency, and, therefore, 
could not appeal to them. Our only resource was to ob- 
tain revelation from the Lord for ourselves. This is the 
privilege of every man and woman in the Church. If 
Latter-day Saints will seek for knowledge, God will give 
it to them to guide them in all the details of life, subject, 
of course, to the presiding authority and its teachings and 









^T9 




il- 



O'TJ'VEItTILE I l>r S T I?. TJCTOI^, 



43 



9^^ 



counsels. By this means we were able, on the Sandwich 
Islands, to know what course to talie. 

White men who go to the yaudwich Islands do not 
always behave themselves as they should. We saw some 
who acted most disgracefully. They seemed to think 
that, because they were among the natives, they could 
abandon all decency. The natives are very close obser- 
vers. They soon saw that we were not like many of the 
whites whom they had seen, and they began to take an 
interest in us. They readily helped us to pronounae and 
read their language. The want of books was a great 
drawback at first; but we sent to Honolulu for them. My 
desire to learn to speak was very strong; it was present 
with me night and day, and I never permitted an oppor- 
tunity of talking with the natives to pass without improv- 
ing it. I also iried to exercise faith before the Lord to ob- 
tain the gift of talking and undei standing the language. 
One evening, while sitting on the mats conversing with 
some neighbors who had dropped in, I felt an uncommon- 
ly great desire to understand what they said. All at once 
I felt a peculiar sensation in my ears, I jumped to my 
feet, with my hands at the sides of my head, and ex- 
claimed to Elders Bigler and Keeler, who sat at the table, 
that I believed I had received the gift of interpretation! 
And it was so. From that time forward I had but little, 
if any, difficulty in under.-tanding what the people said. 
I might not be able at once to separate every word which 
they spoke from every other word in the sentence; but I 
could tell the general meaning of the whole. This was a 
great aid to me in learning to speak the language, and I 
felt very thankful foi this gift from tlie Lord. 

I mention this that my readere may know how willing 
God is to bestow gifts upon his children. If they should 
be called to go as missionaries to a foreign nation, whose 
language they do not understand, it is their privilege to 
exercise faith for the gifts of speaking and interpreting 
that language, and also for every other gift which they 
may need. 

A little more than three weeks had passed when our 
money was paid out, except a very little. Much as we 
disliked the idea, it seemed necessary for us to separate. 
and seek places to live where we could find them among 
the natives. We cast lots to learn which direction we 
should take. Elder Henry W. Bigler drew South; Elder 
James Keeler East, and myself North; I had explained 
to the man of whom we rented the house our position. 
Of course my explanations were not perfect; for three 
weeks' residence had not made us masters of the language; 
but he comprehended the situation exactly. He went to a 
neighboring house, where the family who had done our 
washing, and who had been very friendly and kind, lived, 
and told the old lady how matters stood with us. She 
came in; but we were so busy making our arrangements 
to start out that we did not converse with her, and she 
went off again. Brother Bigler started off in the direc- 
tion which had fallen to him, with a piece of paper in his 
hand, on which sentences in native, such as he would be 
likely to need, were written, with their meaning in 
English. Brother Keeler and myself were preparing to 
go in the direction which had fallen to us, when Bro. 
Keeler suggested that we call upon Na-lima-nui, the old 
lady of whom I have spoken. Our object was to learn 
from her, if we could, who there was that would be likely 
to entertain strangers. "Na-limanui" means in the lan- 
guage of the Sandwich Islands "big hands." Lima is the 
noun hand, nui is the adjective large or big, and na is the 
sign of the plural. You see it is a diffei-ently constructed 
language to ours. The sign of the plural precedes the 
noun, and the qualifying adjective follows it, as "hands 
large or big." 



0lt?cl$6 f^o^fpg. 



iS 



BABY'S I?.IC3-ia:TS 



Her platfiSrm is only the cradlo — 
Her speeches are funny and few — 

A wise little head, 

But all that is said 
Is only a vague little "goo!" 

But how baby's rights are respected! 

Oue Dod of her dear, downy head. 
Whenever she thinks she's neglected, 

And down tober feet we are led. 

She lifts up her voice in a minnte — 
Her protests are loud and are long! 

Each household affair— she is in it. 
To see there is nothing goes wrong. 

The right to twist limbs that are dimpled, 
In every extravaaaot way; 

To maul and to tease 

The oat at her ease — 
To crow and to creep all the day. 

The right to a love that is purest — 

The right to a mother's own love! 
The right to a guide that is surest 

To lead her wee footsteps above. 

Her sweet little mouth she upraises. 

As pure as a rose, dew impearled! 
The right to our kisses and praises — 

O, these her rights, over the world! 

One Brick upon Another.— A boy watched a large 
building as the workmen from day to day carried the 
bricks and mortar. 

"My son," said his father, "you seem much interested 
in the bricklayers. Do you think of learning the trade?" 

"No," he replied; "I was thinking what a little thing a 
brick is, and what great houses are built by laying one 
brick upon another." 

"Very true, my son; never forget it. So it is in all great 
works; all your learning is but one great lesson added to 
another. If a man could walk all round the world it 
would be by putting one foot before the other. Your 
whole life will be made up of a succession of moments, 
learn from this not to despise little things. Be not dis- 
couraged by great labors. They become easy if divided 
into parts. You could not jump over a mountain, but 
step by step takes you to the other side. Do not fear, 
therefore, to attempt great things. Always remember 
that the large building rose by laying oue brick upon 
another." 



The Beauty of Purity. — Gcethe was in company 
with a mother and daughter, when the latter, being re- 
proved for something, blushed and burst into tears. He 
said to the mother: "How beautiful your reproach has 
made your daughter? The crimson hue and those silvery 
tears become her much better than any ornament of gold 
or pearls; those may be hung on the neck of any woman; 
these are never seen unconnected with moral purity. A 
full-blown flower, sprinkled wifh purest hue, is not so 
beautiful as this child, blushing beneath her parent's dis- 
pleasure, and shedding tears of sorrow for her fault. A 
blush is a sign which nature hangs out to show where 
chastity and honor dwell." 



■4** 



M 



h 



k^ 






**- 



\^^ 



4^ 



0" "O" "V E ItT I Hj El XlST&TJE^UGTGTt. 






CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MARCH J9, 1870. 




OU were told in number two some incidents 
about the A'^audois, a people who live in 
the High Alps in Italy and France. Wo 
wi;ih to give you a few more particulars 
concerning this remarkable people, the 
French A'audois, and their country, to 
show you how difficult it is to destroy a 
[leople for their religion in a mountainous 
country. The particulars which we give you 
are taken from the account of one who has 
recently visited their country. One of the val- 
which they inhabit is called Fressini^res. 
It is a valley about twelve miles in extent, a veiy 
small portion of which can be cultivated. At 
.some places on the mountain sides the .soil has 
settled on ledges, and every foot of this is turned to 
good account It is a very cold, sterile valley, and 
it is exceedingly difficult to reach it; for this reason 
it was one of the most secure refuges of the A'^audois 
in the middle ages. Sometimes the .soldiers, who were sent to 
kill them for their religion, succeeded in penetrating the valley; 
but they usually found the hamlets deserted and the people 
fled. Then they would wreak their vengeance on the fields, 
which they laid wa.ste, and on the dwellings, which they burned. 
After committing all the destruction they could, they would 
depart, and the poor Vaudois would creep back to their ruined 
homes to pray midst their ashes for strength and grace to 
enable them to bear their heavy afflictions which they had to 
endure for the sake of their religion. 

The villages in the lower part of the valley were thus re- 
peatedly ravaged and destroyed; but far up, at the extreme 
end, a foot-path led across the face of a precipice, which the 
persecutors of these poor people never ventured to tread. This 
pathway led to the little hamlet of Dormilhouse, which is seated 
on a few ledges of rock on a lofty mountain-side, 5000 feet 
above the level of the sea. This little hamlet is said to have 
existed for nearly 600 years, and during the.sc long centuries 
the ])eople have been true to their religion. Per.seeution could 
neither kill them unr destroy their religion. We would likely 
think Dormilhou.sc a dreadful jilace to live in. There is very 
little soil that can be cultivated in the neighborhood; but the 
villagers .-ieek out little patches in the valley below, and on the 
mountain .shelves, from which they contrive to grow a little 
gr:iin fur home use. So cold is it in some .seasons that even 
r>e will not ripen. Even in summer the place is dreary, stern 
and desolate. We read of snow falling there on the first of 
July. In the winter the jicople arc constantly expo.-^cd to 
avalanches and falling rocks. There is K'arccly a place in the 
hamlet on which a hipu.-;e can be built, and it be .<^ate I'rom the 
avalanche. Sometimes the snow whirlwind swoo|)S uj) the 
valley, tears the roofs from the hou.-es and scatters them in 
destruction. The dangers and terrors of the situation are so 
great that it could never have been chosen even for a hiding 
lilace, much lc.s.s for a ])lace to live in con.stantly, unless the peo- 
jile had been compelled, by the direst nece.s.sity to .seek shelter 
there. What they suffered while making their homes on 




those ban-en mountain heights no one can tell; but to the 
ten-ible nature of their country they perhajjs owe their religion 
and their existence as a people. Strange to say that even now, 
when their persecution has ceased, and they are free to wor- 
ship as they please, they still cling to their valley above the 
clouds. It is now their homo, and they have come to love it 
and are satisfied to live and die there. Rather than live else- 
where, some of them walk twelve miles in the early morning to 
their work down the lower valley and twelve miles home again 
in the evening to their perch on the rocks at Dormilhouse. 
They are said to be proud of their mountain home, and would 
not exchange it for the most smiling vineyards of the plains. 

You can imagine that these people do not have .very rich 
living when we tell you that their principal food is goats' milk 
and unsifted rye. They bake their rye into cakes in the fall, 
and these cakes last them the whole year. But why, you may 
ask, not bake it as they want to use it? Because grain is apt to 
grow mouldy and spoil there, the atmosphere is so damp. 
Another reason is, fuel is very scarce. Every stick they burn 
has to be brought on the backs of donkeys a distance of some 
twelve miles, and this, too, by a steep mountain path. To 
keep themselves warm in the winter they put their cattle in 
their cottages; the heat from the bodies of the cattle helps to 
keep them warm. 

These Vaudois cling to their religion with wonderful resolu. 
tion. For one hundred and fifty years they were without any 
preacher of their faith. , During all that time they had been 
without any kind of schools. You might think, where genera- 
tion after generation grew up in ignorance for that length of 
time, they would forget their religion. Not so. The Roman 
Catholic priests tried to convert them. They built a church, 
and a piiest lived there twenty years, but though the people 
liked him, they would not enter his church. Dm-ing those 
years he never gained a convei't, and he finally left. 

We think our country a difficult place to live in; but ours is a 
paradise compared with such valleys as those where the A^au- 
dois live. From the good valleys they had to flee before their 
enemies, or deny their religion. But rather than deny the 
faith of their fathers, they fled from rock to rock, from moun- 
tain to mountain, until they reached the lofty mount^iin ledge 
where Dormilhouse stands. That faith is still dear to them, 
and they will not de.sert it. Their conduct ought to be an ex- 
ample to us. They are steadfast in that which is timght to 
them. So ought we to be. They do not run to hear every 
apostate and false teacher who happens t« come among them. 
If such persons build meeting houses in their villages, they 
never enter them. Ciu-iosity to hear what they have to say, 
never tempts them to mingle with them. If these people can 
be thus wise, surely Latter-day Saints, who have the fullness 
of the gospel, should not be behind them. 



TII1']IIE are many curious stories about the origin of fire 
Tradition informs us that fire was a direct gift from God 
to man. No doubt this tradition is correct. The Jlohamme- 
dans have a very curious story about the maimer in which fire 
was first brought to earth. They say that the angel Gabriel 
taught Adam and Eve how to make bread. Then he told 
Adam how to build an oven; but there was no fire, so he went 
to hell and fetched fire from there with which to light it; but 
there was danger of this fire burning up the earth. To prevent 
this they .say the angel washed the fire in the .sea .seventy 
times. This you will .say is a very curious account about fire. 
There have been nations found who kiu-w nothing about the 
use of fire. The inhabitants of the Philippine and the (!anary 
Isles were in this condition at their first discovery; and it is 
said that various tribes in Africa and America fed on raw 
flesh, becau.se they knew nothing about producing fire. The 




*^^ 



CrXJ'VEISriIL.E IIsrSTI^/TJOTOI?/. 



45 



i 



inliabitants jof the Mariaoi Isles, discovered in 1521, liad not 
the least idea of fire. Magellan, after whom the Straits of 
JIagellan are called, kindled fire among them. When they 
first saw it, they thought it a kind of animal which fed upon 
wood. The first who touched it were burnt, which caused 
great fear of the terrible creature, which could thus painfully 
hurt them with it.s strong breath. 

We read in the Book of Mormon that for eight years Lehi 
and his family traveled in the wilderness and lived on raw flesh. 
It is probable that they had l)ut little fire; for when Nephi was 
told by the Lord to build a ship, he obtained tire by striking 
two rocks together. He says: 

" TTiw Lmd has not suffered that ice should make much fire as 
tee j'lurneyed la the uolLla-ne>s." 

We have seen the Sandwich Islanders make fire by rubbing 
two sticks together. You liave probably seen the carpenter 
sharjiening his chisel on a stone. When the Islanders want 
fire and have no matches, they hold a stick of wood in their 
hands like a carpenter holds his chisel, and push it backwards 
and forwards in a groove which is made in a stick of wood, 
which they place flat on the ground. It is the friction that 
creates the fire, and to produce it the wood must be soft and 
easily kindled. In watching them make tire in this manner we 
have thought, what great advantages men in our cciuntry pos- 
sess, in having lucifer matches; which furnish fire without 
trouble and with certainty. 

Another method of obtaining fire that we have lieard of, is 
that used by some blacksmiths; they make a rod of iron red 
hot by rapid dextrous strokes of the hammer. 

When you use a mateh, and strike a light, remember how 
favorably you are .situated. You do not have to eat your food 
raw for the want of fire; you do not have to rub sticks together 
to obtain it, nor even use flint and steel, or tinderbox as your 
grandfathers had to do, before lucifer matches were invented. 



m 



ONE of the most touching illustrations of the strength of 
filial aflFection is given by an ancient historian, named Hero- 
dotus, concerning a son of Croe.sus, king of Lydia. Croesus 
was a very rich king; so rich, that, to this day, when a man is 
described as being very wealthy, he is said to be "as rich as 
Croesus." But notwithstanding his riches, the city in which 
he resided was captured by Cyrus, the Great. The only son 
Croesus had living was dumb. This young prince, when the 
city was taken, saw a soldier ready to give king Croesus a 
stroke upon the head with his scimitar. The sight startled 
him. Fear and afiectiou for the life of his father were aroused. 
He made such a violent eSbrt and struggle that he broke the 
.string of hi.s tongue, and cried out, "Soldier! spare the life of 
Croesus." His cry saved his father's life; and Cyrus after- 
wards gave him great honor and made him his friend. 

This story seems more wonderful than true. Still, it may be 
true; and if it is, it is a beautiful illustration of the power of 
afiection. Speaking of Cyrus it is very remarkable that during 
the whole course of his life, which was jjretty long, as he him- 
self said, the happiness of it was never interrupted by any un- 
fortunate accident; and that in all his designs the succeiss had 
answered his utmost expectations. But he states another 
thing that is equally remarkable; in the midst of his great and 
uninterrupted prosperity he still presen'ed in his heart a 
secret fear, proceeding from the apprehension of the changes 
and misfortunes that might hai)pcn. This prudent fear kept 
him from being lifted up by prosperity, and also preserved him 
from intemperate joy. Though a great king, he never forgot 
that he was a man, and, as such, was exposed to all the chan- 
ges and misfortunes to which mortal men are liable. It is pro- 
bable that his prosperity was due to this feeling of humility 



which he had in his heart. Cyrus is called a heathen king; 
but he possessed more true knowledge than many boasted 
christian kings. On this point his life conveys a lesson which 
Saints can profit by studying. 

" ia<^^9 . 

THE ATTJLTXJK/E. 



TO-DAY we present our young friends with an engrav- 
ing of a vulture, one of that large family of scaven- 
gers, provided by nature for helping to clear the earth in 
hot countries of the putrid bodies of dead elephants, 
rhinoceroses, giraffes, &o., that would otherwise fill the 
air with disease. These birds live almost entirely on dead 
carcasses and offal; with which they will gorge themselves, 
until they are reduced to a state of stupidity, and a foetid 
humor discharges from their nostrils. 

Vultures are found in nearly every very hot clime. 
They are sparingly scattered over the south of Europe, 
are more numerous in Egypt, but most abundant in the 
tropical regions of America. In these countries no sooner 
is an animal dead than it is surrounded by a host of these 
birds, who suddenly a.ssemhle from all quarters, where 
just before not one could he seen. Should a hunter bring 
down some large animal, too heavy for him to remove, 
and leave the spot to obtain help to do so, on his return, 




no matter how short a time he may have been absent, he 
is sure to find it sun-ounded by a band of vultures, where 
not one was to be seen a cjuarter of an hour before. 

It is a disputed question whether these birds find their 
food by sight or by smell. Audubon, the celebrated 
naturalist, inclines to the opinion that it is by the extreme 
acuteuess of their eye-sight that they discover their prey. 
To prove his idea correct, be made a number of experi- 
ments, one of which was the following: 

" Having stuffed and dried the skin of a deer.he retired from 
it; a vulture soon approai;bed, attaclved its eyes, which were 
made of painted clay, then walked to the other extremiiy, 
tore some of the stitches, until some of the fodder and lay 
with which It was stuli'ed was pulled out, and alter reiterated 
attempts to discover flesh, took flight. Afterwards he had a 
large dead hog put into a ravine, and concealed in the liriars ; 
he saw many vultures pass over it, hut none approached it, 
althonah several dogs had made a meal on it. He then tried 
to approach it himself but found the stench too intolerable." 







0" TJ "^ El ISr I L E! i:tTSTI2.TJOTOie,, 



^^i 



One of the most powerful species of the vulture family 
is the bird known as the King of the Vultures, which is 
about two feet and a half in length, and more than five 
feet across the wings when expanded or stretched out. It 
is nothing like so disagreeable in appearance as the other 
kinds of this same family of birds, being diversified about 
the head and neck with bright red, orange and yellow 
plumage. In the central parts of America this bird is 
frequently seen, perched on a lofty rock or on the tops of 
the highest trees, and its vast stretch and strength of 
wing enables it to reach a great height, when its piercing 
sight brings under its observation a wide tract of country. 
It is said that the other vultures stand patiently by, till 
this, their king, has finished his repast, but it is most 
probable that his superior strength and courage enables 
him to keep the smaller fry at a distance until his royal 
appetite is satisfied. Still, it is no doubt a fact, that if a 
king vulture makes its appearance where a number of 
any other species are dividing the spoils and consuming 
the carrion, the latter at once give way and stand meekly 
around while their monarch leisurely gorges himself. 

The Condor is another large species of vulture, of which 
very exaggerated stories were told by early naturalists and 
writers. They regarded it as the giant of the feathered 
tribes whose body darkened the air, "and the rushing of 
whose mighty wings could only be compared to the roar- 
ing of a cataract." But thsse titles of wonder have given 
way to the sober sense of truth, leaving us siill one of the 
largest and strongest birils known to mankind. The 
Condor is found in the highest and most inaccessible parts 
of the Andes, over the highest summits of which it soars 
to a wonderful height. Its usual abode is from 10,000 to 
15,000 feet above the level of the sea, and here on some 
solitary rock or jutting ledge it rears its brood. G.R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



fiSiopajpl^g. 






THE 



I N Carthage there was a company, 
formed of the citizens of the place, 
which was called the Carthage Greys. 
This cornjiany was a part of the militia 
called out by Governor Ford, and its 
members were the most bitter and vin- 
dictive in their expressions and conduct, 
against Joseph and the people of Xauvoo, 
of all who were with the Governor. 
They took no pains to conceal the hatred 
and bloodthirsty feelings which they enter- 
tained. After Joseph and Hyrum and Dr. 
Richards had gone to General Deming's 
■ juarters a company of these men flocked 
around the doors, and conducted themselves 
in a most violent manner. The tiovernor was 
informed of their conduct, but he took no notice 
of it. In the meantime he had ordered the 
troops from McUonough county to be drawn up 
in line for Josepli and Hj-rum to pass in front, 
the troops having reijuested that the prisoners might be 
shown to them. When the Governor came to inform them 
of this arrangement Joseph hud about ten minutes' conver- 
sation with him, .» iicii uc irfjjiin pledge I the faith of the 
•State that he ail his fr.inds bhoald be protected from 
violence. 




From General Deming's quarters Joseph and Hyrum 
went in front of the lines, in a hollow square of a com- 
pany of Carthage Greys. In passing before the troops, 
Joseph was on the rght of General Deming and Hyrum 
on his left. Elders Richards, Taylor, and Phelps followed. 
The Governor walked in front on the left. As they pas- 
sed along the lines Ford introduced Joseph and Hyrum 
about twenty times to the troops as General Joseph Smith 
and General Hyrum Smith. This was no more than pro- 
per, as they both bore the title of General, that being the 
rank of each in the Nauvoo Legion. But giving them 
this honor made the Carthage Greys angry, and they re- 
iused to receive them by that introduction. Some of the 
officers threw up their hats, drew their swords, cursed and 
swore, and said they would introduce themselves in a 
different style. Instead of taking prompt measures to 
check this violence, Ford mildly entreated them not to 
act so rudely; but at this they grew more excited. He 
succeeded, however, in pacifying them by makingaspeech 
and promising them that they should have '^J'ull satisfac- 
tion." 

After Joseph and the party had returned to the hotel, 
news reached him that the Carthage Greys had revolted, 
and were put under guard by General Deming. Shortly 
afterwards the word came that quietness was apparently 
restored among them. News came also that the Warsaw 
troops were near Carthage, they having marched there 
withotit any orders. It wjis evident tliat the worst ele- 
ments in the country were gathering together, and that 
they meant mischief. These Warsaw men, as well as the 
Carthage men, were mobocrats of the worst description — 
men who only acted in the capacity of militia the better to 
veil their true designs, and to carry out their plans of des- 
truction and murder against Joseph and the Saints. Th.;y 
were banded together and pledged to each other to kill 
Joseph, Hyrum and other leaders of the Saints, and to 
drive the latter from their possessions aud homes. 

On the afternoon of that day Governor Ford ordered 
Captain Singleton with a company of men from McDon- 
ough county to march to oSfauvoo to co-operate with the 
police in keeping the peace, and if necessary to call out 
the Legion. This was in response to a request of Joseph's, 
he having heard that a company of apostates were going 
to Nauvoo to plunder. A little later a number of the offi- 
cers of the troops then in Carthage, and other persons, 
curious to see the Prophet, visited Joseph in his room. 
Joseph asked them if there was anything iu his appear- 
ance that indicated that he was the desperate character his 
enemies represented him to be; and he asked them to 
give him their honest opinion on the subject. The reply 
wa.s: 

"No sir, your appearance would indicate the very contrary, 
fJeneral Smith; l)ut we cannot see what is iu your heart, nei- 
llier can we lell what are your imeuUous." 

To which Joseph replied. 

"Very true, gentlemen, you cannot see what is in my heart, 
and you are tbere.'ore unable lo judge uie or my imeiiliou.s; 
l)Ut I can see what is in your hearts, and will tell you wl.al I 
see. I can see you thirst for blood, aud uothiiii; but my blood 
will salisly you. It is not for crime ol any Oescription thai I 
and my brethren are thuscoutiuually per«e(;uted anti harassed 
by our enemies, but there are other motives, and some ot 
them I have expressed, so far as relates to myself; and inas- 
much as you aud the people thirst for blood, I prophesy, in 
the name of the Lord, that you shall witness scenes of blood 
anil sorrow to your entire s.ilisfaolion. Your souls shall be 
perfectly satiated with blood, and many of you who are now 
jiresent shall have an opporluuity lo face the cannon's mouth 
from sources you think not of; aud those people that desire 
this great evil upon me and my l)relhren, shall be tilled with 
regret and sorrow because of the scenes of desolation and dis- 
tress that await them. They shal. seek for peace, and shall 
not lie able to find it. Gentlemen, you will hud what I have 
told you to be true." 



i^.^' 



-I^Stj 






\^^ 



CTTJ^En^IXjE II^STI?.TJOTOI?/, 







OIF 



THE varieties of parrots best known in this country, and 
generally kept, are six in number, namely parrots, 
cockatoos, macaws, parrakeets, love birds, and lories, 
though these latter are more rarely kept, on account of 
tlieir not being so proficient in speaking as most of tlie 
other kinds, though their plumage is exceedingly gay and 
beautiful. 

It is said that macaws are the best talkers of the whole 
species, providing they are reared from the nest. And 
not only are they able to talk, but they also sing in a 
peculiar, soft voice. Though perhaps not in volume, 
certainly in sweetness and softness, tliey are excelled by 
various other kinds of parrakeets, particularly the green 
grass parrakeet. While tlie cockatoo is the hardiest of the 
parrot tribe, and the most easily tamed, it is at the same 
time the most difficult to teach to talk at all well. Its dis- 
position is, however, more gentle, and its obedience more 
implict than that of the other species. Tlie gray or ash- 
colored African parrot is very docile, and receives its 
lesson with great aptitude; hence it is the most general 
favorite; though the common green Amazon parrot, from 
the little attention it requires, and being easily taught to 
speak, shares the favor bestowed upon the grey-colored 
one. 

The writer of this article has in his possession a green 
parrot which has an extraordinary fluency in its conversa- 
tion and variety of expressions. As soon as its owner 
opens the door of the room in which it is usually kept, in 
a most natural voice it exclaims: 

"Pa, dear, come and kiss your pretty green beauty;" or 
if its master knocks at the door, it immediately shouts, 
"Come in, come in, pa, and give us a kiss, and a thousand 
more." This done, the parrot shouts, "Hip, hip, hip 
hurrah! Three cheers for the Queen;" and instantly 
begins to dance to the tune, "Polly put the kettle on, and 
we'll all have tea," repeating, or rather singing the words 
perfectly. Again, she frequently says, "Let the dear 
waiter bring pretty Polly a pot of beer, for she really 
wants her dinner;" and numbers of similar observations, 
such as "Who'll give thirty guineas for the pretty green 
beauty; then she will ride in her carriage, the dear?" or 
again, "O, you cookey rough, why did you promise to 
marry me, and didn't?" 

This bird is most affectionate, and never allows its mas- 
ter to leave the room without giving it a kiss or shaking 
its foot. It has a lovely green plumage and belongs to 
that variety which is not commonly supposed to talk, 
namely, the parrakeets, but it is said when they do talk 
they excel all the rest of the tribe. 

My brother-in-law, captain of a large sailing vessel, 
which frequently touched at the porta on the western 
coast of Africa, at different times possessed two gray par- 
rots, one of which, from having had some hot water 
thrown on its head accidentally, lost all its feathers per- 
manently. Being frequently asked what was the cause of 
his strange bald pate, he used to '•eply, "I was scalded,'' 
but whenever he saw an old gentleman passing by in the 
street, or enter into the room, he would be sure to shout 
out, with a correct changing of the grammar, "You have 
been scalded," and then turning to the company, he 
would add, "He's been scalded." 

Another of his parrots had been brought up by one of 
the sailors, but unfortunately had been taught to swear in 
a most horrible manner. My brother-in-law had h m 
ducked in water well, whenever he heard him swear. 
This tends to cure him of the habit; but one day a man 



was washed overboard, and upon the body being recovered 
and placed on the deck, the parrot hopped round it several 
times, shaking his head from side to side gravely, and say- 
ing, "You've been swearing, you've been swearing." 

This reminds me of what once occurred in a clergyman's 
family. The bisliop of the diocese had been holding a 
confirmation in the neighborhood, and was lunching at a 
rectory with several of his clergy. In the middle of the 
lunch, one of those dreadful pauses in the conversation 
took place. No one seemed able to break it, when, to the 
astonishment and dismay of all present, a most horrible 
swearing tongue poured forth a torrent of blasphemy and 
abuse upon the assembled guests. 

Every one looked aghast at these unusual sounds, and 
for a minute or two the cursing and swearing continued 
uninterrupted; for, though every one looked at bis neigh- 
bor, the mystery was not cleared until the hostess, hastily 
rising from the table and drawing aside a muslin curtain 
from the window, discovered the offender in the person of 
a gray parrot, whom that morning she had purchased at 
the door from a traveling bird dealer, and, thinking to 
show off her new acquisition, had hung in the room. — 
Selected. 



THlE Lia-HTHIOTJSE. 



i*Yo»i "Triumphs op Invention and Discovery." — 
I\iblished by T. AeUon £ iSons, London: 



^^U 



UTHEN worthy Mr. Phillips, the Liverpool Quaker, 
VV taking thought in what way he could best benefit 
his fellow-creatures, built the beacon on the Smalls Bock 
in 1772, he could hardly have made a happier selec ion of 
"a great good to save humanity." There !ire few enter- 
prises more heroic or beneficent than those connected 
with the construction and management of lighthouses. 
From first to last, from the rearing of the column on the 
rock to the monotonous, nightly vigil in attendance on 
the lamps— from the setting to the rising of the sun— the 
valor, intrepidity, and endurance, of all concerned are 
called into play, and the wild perils and stirring adven- 
tures they experience impart to tiie btory of their 1 ibors a 
thrilling and romantic interest. In the ease of the Smalls 
Lighthouse for instance, Whiteside, the self-taught engi- 
neer, and his party of Cornish miners had no sooner 
landed, and got a long iron shaft worked a few feet into 
the rock, than a storm arose that drove away their cutter, 
and kept them clinging with the tenacity of despair to 
the half-fastened rod for three days and two nights, when 
the wind fell and the sea calmed, and they were rescued, 
rather dead than alive, numbed from their long immersion 
in the water, which rose almost to their necks, and ex- 
hausted from want of food. And after the lighthouse had 
been erected, the engineer and some of his men again 
found themselves, as a paper in a bottle they had cast into 
the sea revealed to thofe on shore, in a "most daugerous 
condition on the Smalls," cut off from the mainland by 
the stormy weather, without fuel, and almost at the end 
of their stock of food and water— in which alarming situa- 
tion they had to remain some time before their friends 
could get out to their relief. Most sea-girt beacons have 
their own legends of similiar perils and fortitude ; and the 
narratives of the erection of the three great lighthouses of 
Eddystoue, Inchcape, and Skerryvore, which may be 
selected as the types of the rest, are full of incidents as 
exciting as any "hair breadth 'scapes i' the imminent 
deadly breach." 

About fourteen miles south from Plymouth, and ten 
from the Ham's Head on the Cornish coast, lies a perilous 



48 



0" TJ "V E ITI L E I3^STI^TJOTOI2/ 



ft 



reef of rocks, against which the long rolling swell of the 
Atlantic waves dashes with appalling force, and breaks 
up into those swirling eddies from which the reef is 
named — the Eddystone. Upon these treacherous crags 
many a gallant vessel has foundered and gone down 
within sight of the shore it had scarcely quitted or was 
just about to reach ; and situated in the midst of a much 
frequented track, the rapid succession of calamities at the 
Eddystone was not long in awakening men's minds to the 
necessity of some warning light. The exposure of the 
reef to the wild fury of the Atlantic, and the small extent 
of the surface of the chief rock, however, rendered the 
construction of a lighthouse ia such a situation a work of 
great and (as it was long considered) insuperable difii- 
culty. The project was long talked of before any one was 
found daring enough to attempt the task; and when at 
length in 1796 Henry Winstauley stepped forward to 
undertake it, he might have been thought of all others 
the very last from whose brain so serious a conception 
would have emana'ed. Tlie great hobby of his life had 
been to fill his house at Littlebury, in Essex, with 
mechanical devices of the most absurd and fantastic kind. 
If a visitor, retiring to his bedroom, kicked aside an old 
slipper on the floor, purposely thrown in his way, up 
started a ghost of hideous form. If, startled at the sight, 
he fell back into an arm chair placed temptingly at hand, 
a pair of gigantic arms would instantly spring forth and 
clasp him a prisoner in their rude embrace. Tired of these 
disagreeable surprises, the astonished guest perhaps took 
refuge in the garden, and sought repose in a pleasant 
arbor by the side of a canal; but he had scarcely seated 
himself, when he found liiraself suddenly set adrift on 
the water, where he floated about till his whimsical host 
came to his relief. Such was tlie man who now entered 
upon one of the most formidable engineering enterprises 
in tlie world. 

Although Winstanley's lighthouse was but a slight 
afluir compared witli its successors, it occupied six years 
in the erection — the frequent rising of the sea over the 
rock, and tlie dilliculty and danger of passing to and from 
it greatly retarding the operations, and rendering them 
practicable only during a short summer season. For ten 
or fourteen days after a storm had passed, and when all 
was calm elsewhere, tlie ground-swell from the Atlantic 
was often so heavy among these rocks that the waves 
sprang two hundred feet, and more, in the air, burying 
the works from siglit. Tlie first summer was spent in 
boring twelve holes in the rocks, and fixing therein twelve 
large irons as a holdfast for the worlvs tiiat were to be 
reared. The next season saw the commencement of a 
round pillar, wliicli was to form the steeple of the tower, 
as well as aflbrd protection to the workmen while at their 
labors. When Winstanley bade farewell to the rock for 
that year, the tower had risen to the heiglit of twelve feet; 
and resuming operations next spring, he built at it till it 
reached the height of eighty feet. Having got the apart- 
ments fit for occupation, and the lantern set uji, Winstan- 
ly determined to take up his abode there with his men, in 
order that no time miglit be lost in going to and from the 
rock. Tlie first night they spent on the rock a great 
storm arose, and for eleven days it was impossible to hold 
any communication with the shore. "><'ot being ac- 
(juaiiited with tlie height of the sea's rising," writes the 
architect, " we were almost drowned with wet, and our 
provisions in a.s bad a couilition, though we worked night 
and day as much as possible to make shelter for ourselves." 
The storm abating, they went on shore for a little rejiose; 
but soon returning, set to work again with undiminished 
energy. 

(Jii the 1 Uh of November of the same year (IGOSj, "NVin- 



stanley lighted his lantern for the first time. A long spell 
of boisterous weather followed, and it was not till three 
days before Christmas that they were able to quit their 
desolate abode, being "almost at the last extremity for 
want of provisions; but by good Providence then two 
boats came with provisions and the family that was to 
take care of the light ; and so ended this year's work." 

It was soon found that the sea rose to a much greater 
height than had been anticipated, the lantern, although 
six feet above the rock, being often "burned under 
water." Winstanley was, therefore, under tlie necessity 
of enlarging the tower, and carrying it to a greater eleva- 
tion. The fourth season, accordingly, was spent in encas- 
ing the tower with fresh out-works, and adding forty feet 
to its height. This proved too high for its strength to 
bear; and in the course of three years the winds and waves 
had made sad havoc in the unstable fabric. 

In November 1703, Winstanley went out to the rock 
himself, accompanied by his workmen, to institute the 
repairs. As he was putting ofTin the boat from Plymouth, 
a friend who had for some time before been watching the 
condition of the lighthouse with much anxiety, mention- 
ed to him his suspicion that it was in a bad way, and could 
not last long. Winstanley, full of faith in the stability 
of his work, replied that "he only wished to be there 
in the greatest storm that ever blew under the face of the 
heavens, that he might see what effect it would have on 
his structure." And with these words he shoved off" from 
the beach, and made for the rock. 

{To be continued.) 

The boy who grows up in idleness, has, in after years, 
a habit to overcome which costs him much pain and 
remorse, and without overcoming which, he passes 
through this world a drone, and dies without leaving 
anything to mark the place he occupied in life. Learn to 
work while young. You can easily learn to take your 
ease if circumstances require it. The most useful men 
the world ever knew, learned to work in their youth. 



If I were sure God would pardon me, and men would 
not know my sin, yet I should be ashamed to siii, because 
of its essential baseness. — Plato. 



He that speaks sows, he that hears reaps, hence we 
should be guarded as to how we speak, as to how we hear. 
"He that hath ears to hear, let him hear; but take heed 
how ye hear!" — Seleeted. 



Learn to be agreeable. You will live the longer for it. 
A man gains nothing, save it be enemies, by picking a 
quarrel with every person he meets. 



Men may judge us by the success of our efTorts. God 
looks at the efforts theiiiselves. — Selected. 



Rise Eaelv. — One hour in the morning is worth two 

at night. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVIOKY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sinrjle Copy, per Annum $.3 00. 

Sinyle Copy, for Six Monlhx 1 .50. 

*»- (Iraln Iirong-lit to thin Ci(y for llip .TdVicNii.K iNsrnrcTOR will be 
nceivcUat tLc ollicu of our paper— Djb..'5111iet Ji'kws IScii.oinus. 



^'■7>. 



.^^^' 



I 



