
"BUT WITH ALL TPIY GETTING B. 

I 

GET UNDERSTANDING." 




TnERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT- SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 1, 18G7. 



NO. 11. 



T 331 IE 3D E IE B 



THE animal in our illustration is one of the many different 
kinds of deer tliat are found in various parts of the 
earth. 

The deer is among the most graceful of quadrupeds, or four- 
footed animals. It is also one of the fleetest. It has a light, 
lithe body, and legs peculiarly adapted for swiftness. 



Then 



When hunted and killed for food, it is different, 
the apparent cruelty may be excused by necessity. But in some 
places, especially in the northern parts of Scotland, deer- 
hunting, or deer-stalking, as it is called, is followed at certain 
seasons of the year by the very wealthy and the noble, merely 
that they may kill as many as they can. 





Hunting deer is a very favorite employment ami pastime 
in different countries. The chase has been called the "noble 
mimicry of war." But it w not so very noble to hunt with 
bounds and horses, merely for the Bake of pastime and amuse- 
ment, a harmless, beautiful animal [ike the deer, and follow 
it up until, exhausted, it is seized by the dugs and killed by 
the hunter. 



Of the various kinds of deer that are found in the world, 
there are some five Bpeoiea in North America, — the Moose, 

Rein-deer, Klk, Common Deer, and Mule I •cor; there is B sixth 
species on the Columbia river, railed (he Blaok tailed Fallow 
Deer. 

The Moose is the largest of the deer s] ies, sometimes 

weighing eleven or twelve hundred pounds. Its figure is not so 



3$^ 



„C9 



*3ft 32 



0" XT "V E IsT I L IE I1TSTRTJCTOB. 




graceful as the smaller kinds of deer; but when it is seen in its 
native wilderness, in all the glory of its full grown horns, it has 
a very imposing appearance. It is principally found in the 
north eastern part of North America. 

The Rein-deer is the most useful of all the species of deer. 
It is used as a beast of draught and burden in Lapland and 
some other northern countries in Europe. This species would 
require a separate article to do it justice. 

The Elk is the next in size to the Moose. There was a 
species of Elk at one time in Europe, which is now extinct, 
that was much larger than the Moose. The remains of some 
of these have been found; and we have seen the entire skeleton 
of one that was found in Ireland, which was between eight and 
nine feet high. The Elk now is between four and five feet high, 
sometimes higher. 

The Common or Fallow Deer is a beautiful animal, with a 
slender and delicate looking form, long and slim neck and small 
body, and almost pointed head. It has an animated eye, and 
wonderful quickness of motion, in its course, when at full speed. 

Tne Red Deer, or Stag, is one of the finest of the deer 
family. It is a native of Europe, being found mostly in 
France and Britain, though in the latter country it has been 
superseded to great extent by the Common or Fallow Deer. The 
male is called the Stag, and the female the Hind. The former 
has fine branching horns, called antlers; and sometimes, when 
it is hotly hunted, it will turn on its pursuers, and "stand at 
bay," waiting to be attacked, when its horns make it a very 
formidable enemy. 

The Deer is distinguished from the Antelope by having horns, 
which the Antelope has not, and by being larger. Still, in 
symmetry of form and in features they are much alike. They 
are easily startled, very quick of hearing and of scent, and it is 
difficult to get near them. 

An anecdote is related of an old stag in the Highlands of 
Scotland, which the hunters had often tried to approach 
near enough to kill, but without success for a long time. By 
careful observation one of the hunters discovered that the stag 
was blind of one eye, and it invariably browsed with the blind 
side to the water; for its haunt was near one of the beautiful 
Highland lakes. By this means it was enabled to overcome 
the loss caused by its defect, and could watch its enemies 
approaching from the land side. But this hunter got into 
a boat, and rowed along the side of the land, until he 
approached close enough to where it was unsuspiciously feeding, 
and shot it. 

He succeeded by his superior knowledge in gaining a position 
from which he could kill it; but the sympathies of a great 
many children will be more with the cautious, one-eyed old 
stag, than with the hunter. 






3^E Y 



Fur the Juvenile Instructor. 

FIRST MISSIOIT 
COlTTIlsriJED. 



WE concluded to go down Arkansas river and cross into 
Tennessee. We could not get passage on the boat, 
because of low water, so we went on to the bank of the river 
and cut down a sound cottonwood tree, three feet through, and 
cut off twelve feet of the butt end; and in two days we dug out 
a canoe. We made a pair of oars and a rudder, and on the 
11th of March, 1835, we launched our canoe, and commenced 
our voyage down the Arkansas river, without provisions. The 
first day we sailed twenty five miles, and stopped at night with 
a poor family who lived on the bank of the river. These kind 
folks gave us supper and breakfast, and in the morning, gave 



us a johnny-cake and piece of pork to take with us on our jour- 
ney. We traveled about fifty miles that day, and at night 
stopped in an old deserted tavern, in a village called Cadron, 
which was deserted because it was believed to be haunted by evil 
spirits. We made a fire in the tavern, roasted a piece of our 
pork, and ate our supper, said our prayers, went into a chamber, 
and lay down on the bare floor, and were soon asleep. 

I dreamed I was at my father's house in a good leather bed, 
and I had a good night's rest. When I awoke the bed vanish- 
ed, and I found myself on the bare floor and well rested, not 
having been troubled by evil spirits or anything else. 

We thanked the Lord for his goodness to us, ate the remain- 
der of our provisions and continued our journey down the river 
to Little Rock, the capital of Arkansas, which then consisted 
of a few cabins. After visiting the place, we crossed the river 
and tied up our canoe which had carried us safely one hundred 
and fifty miles. 

We then took the old military road, leading from Little Rock 
to Memphis, Tennessee. This road lay through swamps, and 
was covered with mud and water most of the way for one 
hundred and seventy miles. We walked forty miles in a day 
through mud and water knee deep. 

On the 24th of March, after traveling some ten miles 
through mud, I was taken lame with a sharp pain in one knee. 
I sat down on a log. My companion, who was anxious to get 
to his home in Kirtland, left me sitting in an alligator swamp; 
I did not see him again for two years. I kneeled down in the 
mud and prayed, and the Lord healed me, and 1 went on 
my way rejoicing. On the 27th of March I arrived at 
Memphis, weary and hungry. I went to the best tavern in the 
place, kept by Mr. Josiah Jackson. I told him I was a 
stranger, and had no money. I asked him if he would keep 
me over night. He asked me what my business was. I told 
him I was a preacher of the gospel. He laughed, and said I 
did not look much like a preacher. I did not blame him, as all 
the preachers he had ever been acquainted with rode on fine 
horses or in fine carriages, clothed in broad-cloth, and had 
large .salaries, and would see this whole world sunk to perdition 
before they would wade through one hundred and seventy miles 
of mud to save them. 

The landlord wanted a little fun, so he said he would keep me 
if I would preach. He wanted to see if I could preach. I 
must confess that by this time I became a little mischievous, 
and plead with him not to set me to preaching. The more I 
plead to be excused, the more determined Mr. Jackson was 
that I should preach. He took my valise, and the landlady got 
me a good supper. 

I sat down in a large hall to eat supper. Before I got 
through, the room began to be filled by some of the rich and 
fashionable of Memphis, dressed in their broadcloth and silk, 
while my appearance was such as you can imagine, after travel- 
ing through the mud as I had done. When I had finished eat- 
ing, the table was carried out of the room over the heads of the 
people. I was placed in the corner of the room, with a stand 
having a Bible, hymn book and candle on it, hemmed in by a 
dozen men, with the landlord in the centre. There were pre- 
sent some five hundred persons who had come together, not to 
hear a gospel sermon but to have some fun. 

Now, boys, how would you like this position? On your first 
mission, without a companion or friend, and to be called upon 
to preach to such a congregation! With me it was one of the 
most pleasing hours of my life, although I felt as though I 
should like company. I read a hymn, and asked them to sing. 
Not a soul would sing a word. I told them I had not the gift 
of singing; but, with the help of the Lord, I would both pray 
and preach. I kneeled down to pray, and the men around me 
dropped on their knees. I prayed to the Lord to give me his 



17 




0" TJ V E IN" I Hi DE IUSTRTJOTOB 



83 



spirit and to show me the hearts of the people. I promised the 
Lord in my prayer I would deliver to that congregation what- 
ever he would give to me. I arose and spoke one hour and a 
half; and it was one of the best sermons of my life. 

The lives of the congregation were opened to the vision of 
my mind, and I told them of their wicked deeds and the 
reward they would obtain. The men who surrounded me drop- 
ped their heads. Three minutes after I closed I was the only 
person in the room. Soon I was shown to a bed, in a room 
adjoining a large room in which were assembled many of the 
men whom I had been preaching to. I could hear their con- 
versation. One man said he would like to know how that 
"Mormon" boy knew of their past lives. In a little while they 
got to disputing about some doctrinal point. One suggested 
calling me to decide the point. The landlord said, "no; we 
have had enough for once." In the morning, I had a good 
breakfast. The landlord said if I came that way again to stop 
at his house and stay as long as I might choose. 

w. w. 



TIEUE IMZOTIH: JLIsTHD 
G ^I£T ID LB . 



THE 



"A w 




MILLER!" cried little Lizzie, clapping her hands, as a 
white moth came in through the open window and 
began circling around the candle. The children glanced up 
from their books, and brightening eyes, full of sudden interest. 

"Take care, little miller!" said tender hearted Mary, "or 
you'll get your wings burnt off. There! Go away!" And she 
fluttered her handkerchief, and tried to frighten off the airy 
creature. 

But the moth saw only the brilliant light, and kept flying 
nearer and nearer, dazzled and bewitched by its glare. 

"Oh, I wish it would go out of the window again. I can't 
bear to have it burnt to death." And dear Mary's face grew 
almost distressed. Again she fluttered her handkerchief, but 
the bewildered insect would not take heed. 

"Do you know the name of this moth?" asked the children's 
mother. 

"It's the white miller, or Virginia Ermine moth," replied 
Henry, a. lad twelve years old, who was beginning to take some 
interest in the study of entomology. 

"Yes, my dear; that is its name. You see the little black 
spot near the centre of the fore wings, and the two black spots 
on the hind wings. It lays tiny yellow eggs on the leaves of 
corn, peas, beans, cabbages,and clover." 

"O, yes," said Henry, "I saw some on the cabbages to-day." 

"Have you seen the larvaj of this miller?" 

"The caterpillar from which it springs?" 

"Yes." 

"Is it a yellow, hairy worm?" 

"Yes; and about two inches long. Some people call it a 
'yellow bear. ' ' ' 

"0, yes, we've all seen them. I picked ever so many off of 
the beans and cabbages in the garden to-day. They're hungry 
fellows, and eat great holes in the leaves. But isn't it wonder- 
ful, that a dear little white moth like this; should come out 
of an ugly, disgusting caterpillar?" 

"Oh, dear! Poor little miller!" exclaimed Mary, "It's gone 
right into the candle and burnt off its wings! Why didn't 
it keep away?" 

"So much better for the garden," said Henry, with more 
practical philosophy than feeling. 

Mary brushed the maimed insect off the table upon her 
handkerchief, and humanely "put it out of its trouble." It 
hurt her tender heart to see it in pain. 

"What silly little things they are; why don't they keep away 
from the light?" remarked Henry. 



"No sillier than some of us, who ought to be a great deal 
wiser than moths," answered his mother. "I've seen many 
children, and grown people too, burn themselves in the fires of 
evil passion just as foolishly as did that poor miller just now; 
nay, more foolishly, for they should have known better." 

"Did you ever see any of us burn ourselves?" asked 
Marj', who still felt in her mind some of the imagined pain 
of the insect. 

"Yes." 

"Who? Which one of us? Did you ever see me burn 
myself?' ' asked two or three little voices, in chorus. 

"I've seen something very much like it," replied their 
mother, smiling gravely. "Did you never hear about the heat 
of passion? Of being all on fire with angry feelings? I saw 
Lizzy's face get as red as scarlet only yesterday." 

"Me, mother? My face, did you say?" Lizzy, the youngest, 
was just opening her picture-book, not feeling very much 
interested, when this reference to herself awakened her 
attention. 

"Yes, my darling, it was your face that got so very red. 
Don't j'ou remember?" 

"What was it about, mother?" The child had forgotton. 

"You were playing with your sister, and were happy. Your 
heart was full of love for Mary; and as I looked into your face, 
it was so sweet and good, that I said to myself, 'Our Lord's 
good angels are with my children. ' But, almost as I said this, 
there was a change. Mary took your wax doll from the 
little chair, and said, 'Let me nurse dolly.' Then I saw the 
sweet look go from your face. You put out your hands and 
said, 'No; let my dolly alone! I don't want you to have 
her.' 'Please, sister Lizzy, let me nurse dolly for a little while,' 
pleaded Mary, but your face got fiery red, and you snatched the 
doll out of your sister's hands. Now, my dear, something was 
burnt up then in the flame of your passion, or at least, had its 
wings scorched. What was it? Can my little daughter tell?" 

Lizzy hid her face in her mother's lap. 

"It was the loving thought of your sister, that made your 
countenance so sweet in my eyes a little while before. I hope 
the wings were only a little burnt," added the mother, 
gently, as she drew her arms around the child. "Only a very 
little burnt. And I'm sure that was so, for more than once 
since then have I seen that beautiful love-light come into your 
face again. ' ' 

"I'm afraid that something in me gets burnt pretty often," 
spoke out Henry, partly in penitent confession, and partly from 
a generous wish to make Lizzy feel that she wasn't the only one 
who let naughty feelings come into her heart. 

"Is it very pleasant? Do you like the sensation?" asked the 
children's mother. 

"0, dear, no!" answered Henry, quickly. "It hurts badly 
enough, sometimes. I've cried from the pain, often, after the 
fire had gone out." 

"The fire of anger, of envy, of ill-nature, or ill-will, you 
mean? For these are the scorching fires that burn the tender 
wings of those gentle, loving, pure, self-denying thoughts and 
feelings that sometimes dwell in our hearts. If they were 
always there, we would always be happy. My dear children," 
added the mother, "try and remember this little incident of the 
moth and the candle; and let it remind you that you are all the 
while in danger of having some beautiful and heavenly things 
in your souls hurt or destroyed by the flame of evil passions. 
Do you know what these beautiful and heavenly things are?" 

"Love for each other," answered gentle Mary. "That is one 
of them. 

"Yes, my dear; and this love shows itself in a great many 
ways. In kindness and forbearance; in gentleness and patience; 
in pity and mercy. Then, among these heavenly things, are 
purity and innocence. If we have these in our minds, angels 
are very near to us; for being pure and innocent themselves, 
they love all who arc pure. But, if we let vile thoughts come 
into our minds, or meditate evil against another, the pure and 



innocent things will be burnt like moths in a candle 
the blessed angels will remove to a distance." — ticketed. 



and 



Sg^. 






84: 



J- TJ "V 1E3 IN" I Hi IE IITSTETJCTOE. 



^^ 



$&lt SnHtiih §m%mt%w. 



W 



£& 



I 



EBITOK. 



GEOUGE Q. CA.TTXCKV, 

JUNE 1 . 1 S 6 7 . 
EZDITOJR,!^!-. THOUGHTS. 



SOME persons are very desirous that all their good deeds 
should be known. If they should do anything praise- 
worthy, unless other people knew it, they would have but little 
pleasure. This feeling prevails very strongly among the gentile 
nations; it prevailed also among the Jews when Jesus was on 
the earth. It was about this feeling that Jesus spake, when he 
preached on the Mount to the Jews: 

Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of 
them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in 
heaven. 

Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trum- 
pet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in 
the streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily I say 
unto you, They have their reward. 

But when thou doest thine alms, let not thy left hand know 
what thy right hand doeth: 

That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which 
seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly. Matthew yi 
chap., 1 — 1, verses. 

The glory of men was sought by them, and in obtaining that, 
Jesus said, they had their reward. In these days the gentile 
nations do not blow trumpets before the people when they give 
alms or do other good works; but they publish their names in 
newspapers. All the world read their names in the newspapers, 
and think what good people they must be to be so liberal. In 
this way they get the praise of the world and the glory of men, 
and they have their reward. 

This is a feeling that no Latter-day Saint ought to indulge in. 
Boys and girls especially should guard against this feeling. Do 
not seek for the praise of men or for their glory - - And if you can 
do a deed that is praiseworthy, take no pains to have others see 
you do it, or to have them hear of your doing it. Do not hesi- 
tate to do good because what you do will not be seen. God sees 
you, and you will not fail to get your reward from Him. Have 
faith in God, children, and in His power and goodness. Ke- 
member that ''the eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous;" 
they "run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show him- 
self strong in behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward 
him." 



HOW happy ought children to be who live in this territory, 
far removed from the wickedness and other evils which 
exist in the world! If the juveniles who live here were to go to 
any other countryin Christendom, they would see a great many 
sights which would surprise them. Instead of the peace 
and quietness which prevail here, they would see drunkenness, 
quarreling, confusion, beggary and want. In our land children 
.In nol have to beg for bread, nor go hungry for the want of 
food; for it abounds everywhere. The Lord has blessed this 
country unto His people, and theyneed not lack for anything, if 
they will only be industrious. Children, do you ever think 
of the>e things? Von are Locally favored of the Lord, and you 
should understand why you are thus blessed. It is because the 
people have obeyed His gospel, and are governed by Ili- 
priesthood. The following words of the old poet apply to the 



l^h^r 



Latter-day Saiuts, and correctly describe their condition in the 
Territory. 

"Where spades grow bright, and idle words grow dull; 
Where jails are empty, and where barns are full; 
Where church paths are with frequent feet outworn; 
Law court-yards weedy, silent and forlorn; 
Where doctors foot it, and where farmers ride; 
Where age abounds and youth is multiplied; 
Where these signs are, they clearly indicate 
A happy people and a well-governed State." 



-BIIBIE-iIE] QUESTIOITS 

INSERTED IN NUMBER NINE, NOW RE-INSERTED WITH THEIR 
ANSWERS. 

1. What was the name of the cave in which David took 
reluge when he tied from Gath? 

ADULLAM. 1 Samuel xxii chap., 1 verse. 

2. What sinful king went to a witch to obtain knowledge, the 
Lord refusing to answer him by dreams, by Urim, or by 
prophets? 

SAUL. 1 Samuel xxxiii chap. 

3. What was the name of a certain king's daughter who des- 
pised her husband in her heart, himself also a king, because he 
leaped and danced before the Lord? 

MK'IIAL. 2 Samuel vi chap., 10 verse. 

4. What family strictly obeyed the command of their ances- 
tor not to drink wine, or to build houses, or plant or own vine- 
yards; but to dwell in tents? 

THE RECHABITES, the sons of Jonadab, the son Reehab. 
Jeremiah xxxv chap. 

5. A certain king's son desired to see a famous general, and 
sent for him twice; but he would not come. To bring him he 
told his servants to set the general's held of barley on tire. 
What was the name of the king's son? 

ABSALOM. 2 Samuel xiv chap., 20—31 verses. 

6. What king's seven sons were hung to stop a famine? 
SAUL'S. 2 Samuel xxi chap., 1 — !• verses. 

7. What was the name of that soldier who delivered King 
David from the hand of a giant? 

ABISHAI. 2 Samuel xxi chap., 16 — 17 verses. 

8. Aaron had an uncle whose sons buried the bodies of their 
two cousins whom the Lord struck dead; what was the uncle's 
name? 

UZZIEL. Leviticus x chap., 1 — i verses. 



56« 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 






FINAL DESTRUCTION OF THE NEIMIITES. 



"IT7TIEN Mormon was eleven years of age his father removed 
I T south, to the land of Zarahemla, and in this year he saw 
the commencement of a war between the Nephites and 
Lamanites. But the Nephites were victorious and drove 
the Lamanites out of their land, after which they had peace for 
four years. Instead of being grateful to the Lord for their 
deliverance, the Nephites, as well as the Lamanites, became 
more and more wicked, so that the three disciples (those 
who were not to die) were taken from their midst and the 
miracles and healings of the spirit of the Lord ceased from 
among them. But Mormon was a very good young man 
and prayed to the Lord until he enjoyed His Holy Spirit 
and knew that Jesus was his friend and Savior, and was able to 
rejoice in his goodness and love. He then, naturally, wished to 
preach to his countrymen about Jesus, that they might become 



•<£■ 







■ B«n f «r rTOTO . m .--v m , r- 



0" TJ "V" E ILT I L IE I1TSTRUCTOB 



85 



'•&*> 



as happy as he was; but the Spirit of the Lord forbade 
him. The Nephites, however, had such confidence in him, in 
consequence of his wisdom and integrity, that at the age of 
sixteen they appointed him the commander-in-chief of their 
armies. 

For the next fifty-eight years there was almost continual 
war between the Nephites and the Lauianites. The most 
horrible cruelties were practiced on both sides; their hearts 
seemed to become as hard as iron, and they were transformed 
into fiends, every feeling of humanity, kindness and mercy 
being banished from their bosoms. Large cities were destroyed; 
villages, fields and farms were laid waste; thousands of 
men, women and children were put to death in the most 
cruel manner. Husbands and wives, parents and children were 
fed on each other's flesh, while the air was filled with the 
groanings of the wounded and dying, the shrieks of the 
tortured sufferers, and the stench of the myriads of bodies that 
lay festering in the sun and polluting the atmosphere with their 
corruption. At last all the remaining Nephites, with their 
wives and families, gathered round a hill called Cumorah, which 
is now to be seen in the north western part of the State of New 
York, in the United States of America. Here was fought one 
of the most dreadful battles that we have any knowledge of ever 
taking place on our planet, Two hundred and thirty thousand 
Nephites were slain, besides their wives and children. Only 
twenty-four out of that vast army survived, and among them 
were Mormon and his son Moroni. Mormon and the twenty- 
two others were afterwards slain by the Lamanites. 

Before the battle Mormon hid up, in the hill Cumorah, 
all the plates and sacred records which had been handed down 
to him, except a few which he gave to his son Moroni to finish, 
which he also buried in the same hill, where they remained 
until the year 1S27, when God showed Joseph Smith where they 
were and gave him power to translate the engravings on them, 
and that translation is what is called the "Book of Mormon," 
from which we have taken these sketches. W. H. S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ID O YOU ZP^-A-Y? 



WHEN our young readers desire anything from their fathers 
or mothers, they ask for it; and if their parents think it 
good that they should have it, and can give it to them, they dr» 
so. 

Many things are bestowed by parents upon their children, 
that are never asked for; because the parents know what is 
needed, and know it better than the children do. Still, boys 
and girls have many desires and wishes, which they like to have 
gratified; and they ask their parents to gratify them, feeling 
confident that their request will be granted, if their parents 
think it is right that they should be. 

Now, we all have a Father in heaven, whom we should ask 
for those things which we need; and that asking is called prayer. 
Men and women, and boys and girls, should :isk Him, lor they 
are all His children, and He is very willing to hear them, and 
answer their prayers, or give them the things which they ask 
for, when those things would be good for them. He is very 
fond of good boys and girls, and will hear them when they pray 
to Him, and will give unto them many hlessings. 

He gives us many things that we do not ask for. He gives 
us life, and the power of motion, and thought; He gives us the 
sun's rays to warm us, and to warm the earth that vegetation 
may grow, and He bestows upon us many blessings that we do 
not often think of. For all these gifts and blessings we should 
be very grateful, and we should thank Him for them when we 
pray to Him. 



To show you how our Father in heaven hears and answers 
prayer, we will tell you a little anecdote about a boy. His name 
is Robert, and he lives in this Territory. His father and 
mother had taught him that if he prayed to the Lord in the 
name of Jesus Christ, the Lord would hear and answer his 
prayers. He sometimes drives a cow up towards the mountains 
which are close by where he lives; and occasionally she will 
stray, so that he will have to hunt her for hours before he 
can find her. This is the case with many other boys in these 
valleys as well as with him. 

His father sometimes asked him, when he was unsuccessful 
in finding the cow, why he did not pray that God would direct 
him to where she was, for our Father in heaven could do 
that very easily. He also taught his boy, that when he was 
going to do anything he should ask the Lord to bless him 
in doing it, that he might be successful. 

One evening Robert could not find the cow. He searched 
long, and traveled over the little ridges that run down from the 
mountains a long distance for a boy like him. Night was 
coming on, and he began to be discouraged. He felt almost 
like crying, for he was anxious to take the cow home. At last 
he remembered what his father had said to him, and he 
knelt down among the sage-brush and prayed that the Lord 
would help him to find her. After he had asked his Father in 
heaven to guide him to where she was, he felt better; and 
he started out to again look for her. His steps were directed 
another way, and in a few minutes he found her. 

He drove the cow home, and some time after he told his 
his father of what he had done, and how the Lord had helped 
him in his search; and his father was pleased that his son had 
remembered the instructions which had been given to him. 

Now, children, do not wait until you get into a difficulty 
before you pray to the Father, but ask Him every day to bless 
you, and to bless your parents and friends, and the priesthood, 
and all the saints of God. And, if you do this, the Spirit 
of the Lord will be with you always, and you will grow up to bo 
great and good men and women. 



One day, the sun was warm and bright, 

And shining in the sky; 
A robin said, "My little dears, 

'Tis time you learn to fly;" 
And all the little young ones said, 

•Til try.ru try, I'll try." 

I know a child, and who she is 

I'll tell you by-and-by, 
When mamma says, "Do this," or "that," 

She says, "What for?" and "Why?" 
She'd lie a better child by far, 

If she would say, "I'll try." 



Rise ITmiiif.r, — Infinite toil would not enable you to sweep 
away a mist; but by ascending a little you may look over it alto- 
gether. So it is with our moral improvement We wrestle 
fiercely with a vicious habit, which would have no hold 
us if we ascend into a higher atmosphere. 



upon 



Sloth makes all things difficult, but industry all easy; and lie 
that riseth late must trot all day, and shall scarce overtake his 
business at night, while laziness travels so slowly that po\erly 
soon overtakes him. 

Jksvs said to his followers, "By this shall .'ill men know that 
ye are my disciples, if ye have love one for another." 



T Ki 



»<$** 



&9 



■^C, 



I "3 

N 



86 



J- TJ "V El 1ST I L El IITSTRUCTOB 









¥ 



HOUSEHOLD TREASTJIIES 



My heart is filled with gladness 

When I behold how fair, 
How bright are rich men's children, 

With their thick golden hair! 
For I know 'mid countless treasure. 

Gleaned from the east and west, 
These living, loving, human things, 

Are still the rich man's best. 

But my heart o'erfloweth to mine eyes, 
And a prayer is on my tongue, 

When I see the poor man's children, 
The toiling and the young. 



My heart o'erfloweth to mine eyes, 

When I see the poor man stand, 
After his daily work is done, 

With children by the hand; 
And this, he kisses tenderly; 

And that sweet names doth call; 
For I know he has no treasure 

Like these dear children small. 

Oh, children yonng, I bless ye; 

Ye keep such love alive! 
And the home can ne'er be desolate, 

Where love has room to thrive! 
Oh, precious household treasures, 

Life's sweetest, holiest claim; 
The Savior blessed ye while on earth, 

I bless you in his name. 



A. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

n, e t t hi ir, h 1 ir, o nvn 

H 1 _A T HC IE IR, . 



H 



**y.. 



OW very pleasant it is to get a letter from father or mother, 
or any one else that you love very much when they are 
far away from you. It is the next best thing to seeing them. 
How eagerly you read it over and over, and perhaps discover 
something new in it every time. Some of you carry it about in 
your pockets to look at when you have a spare moment; or lay 
it carefully away until you have a quiet hour by yourself, when 
you fetch it out and read it over again with delight, while your 
little heart is filled with love for the dear friend who wrote it, 
and you almost feel as if you were talking together once more. 
Now, if you are so pleased to receive a letter from a friend 
on earth, would you not be more delighted to receive one from 
your Father in heaven, or your elder brother Jesus? "O, yes!" 
you all cry. Well, the Lord and Jesus have sent a great 
n umber of letters to us. "Where are they?" Some of them 
have been collected together and printed: you will find them in 
the Book of Mormon, the Bible and the Book of Doctrine and 
Covenants. Do we prize them as we should? Do we read 
them as much as we ought to? We don't get tired of re-reading 
the letters of those we love, and their expressions of affection 
for us. Neither should we get tired of reading what our 
Heavenly Father has said to us, and what He and His son 
Jesus Christ have done for us. if we loved them half as much as 
they love us. When you have received and read several 
letters from any person you feel as if you were acquainted with 



them, although you never saw them, perhaps. Now you would 
all like the great privilege of becoming acquainted with God. 
Well, then, read His letters, see what he has said to you, try to 
do as he tells you in them, and then, when you have the 
pleasure of meeting Him, you will not be afraid, but will feel as 
though you had known Him before. S. 



STOBIES ABOUT DOGS. 

I AM going to tell you some true stories about dogs. A gen- 
tleman in Boston used to give his dog a cent at a certain hour 
every day, wrapped in a piece of paper. The dog would take 
this to market and lay it on the stall of a butcher who knew 
him, and get in return a cent's worth of meat. 

Being a regular customer, and a favorite with the butcher, 
who was amused with his grave business-like air, the dog gen- 
erally got a good slice. One day, his dinner hour having 
arrived, the dog came to his master as usual, but his master 
was busy and did not notice him. He grew restless at the 
delay, and at last seized a piece of paper about the size of that 
in which his penny had usually been wrapped, and bounding off 
to the market, laid it down quietly on the butcher's stall, and 
receiving his meat ran off with it at full speed. On stooping 
to pick up his money, the man found only an empty piece of 
paper. The dog had cheated him. 

On the next day, the dog's master, who had heard from the 
butcher about this dishonest trick, offered a cent as usual, but 
the dog refused it. He then tried to take him to the market 
house, but no coaxing could get him in that direction, and he 
did not show himself there for months. The dog had imitated 
a human act of mean dishonesty, and was either ashamed or 
afraid of punishment. We read this story in the Boston Muse- 
um several years ago. The editor vouched for its truth. 

A gentleman at an inn, speaking of his dog, a very knowing 
animal, said that he cotild be sent on errands. To prove this, 
he secretly hid a handkerchief behind the cushions of a sofa in 
the parlor. He then went away with the dog. After walking 
for some time, he stopped suddenly and said, "I've left my 
handkerchief at the inn, and want it," but did not give any 
particular direction how to find it. The dog returned at full 
speed, and entered the room which his master had just left. 
He went directly to the sofa, but the handkerchief was gone. 
He jumped upon table and chairs, but it was not to be seen. It 
happened that a friend had discovered it, and, supposing that it 
had been left by mistake, retained it for the owner. But Tiger 
was not to be foiled. He flew about the room, much excited, in 
search of the "lost or stolen." Soon, however, he was 
upon the track; he scented it to the gentleman's coat pocket. 
What was to be done? The dog had no means of asking for it, 
and was not used to picking pockets; and, besides, the 
gentleman was ignorant of his business with him. But Tiger's 
sagacity did not suffer him to remain long in suspense; he 
seized the skirt containing the prize, furiously tore it from 
the coat, and hastily made off with it, much to the astonish- 
ment of its owner. Tiger soon overtook his master and 
gave him the lost property. The gentleman refused any 
pay for his torn garment, saying that the joke was worth 
the price of the coat. 

A Scotch shepherd, to prove the quickness of his dog, which 
was lying before the fire in the house where several persons were 
talking, said, in the middle of a sentence about something else, 
"I'm thinking, sir, the cow is in the potatoes." Though he 
purposely said this in a quiet tone of voice, the dog, who 
seemed to be asleep, jumped up, and leaping through an 
open window, scrambled to the turf roof of the house from 
which he could see the potato field. He then, (not seeing the 



^^T 



r< 



0" u "V" :e :lt i m, :e iusteuctor. 




cow there) ran and looked into the barn where she was, and 
finding that all was right, came back to the house. After 
a short time the shepherd said the same words again, and 
the dog repeated his lookout; but on the false alarm being given 
a third time, the dog got up, and wagging his tail, looked 
his master in the face, with so comical an expression, that 
he could not help laughing aloud at him, on which, with a 
slight growl, the dog laid himself down in his warm comer with 
an offended air, as if determined not to be fooled again. 

I could tell you a great many more stories about dogs, but 
these must do for the present. At another time we will talk 
about them again. — Selected. 






ie 3 :r, o if 5 :e: :e t . 



TIEIIK! 




O SOONER had the saints left De Witt 
than Sashel Woods, a Presbyterian preach- 
er, called the mob together and made a 
speech to them. He urgjd them, in his 
speech, to hasten to assist their friends in 
Daviess county. The laud sales, he said, 
were coming on, and if they could get the 
"Mormons" driven out, they could get all 
the lauds back again which they had sold 
to them, as well as the pay they had re- 
ceived for them. He assured the mob that they 
had nothing to fear from the authorities of the 
state in so doing, for they had now full proof 
that they would not assist the " Mormons," and 
that they might as well take their property from 
them as not This wicked man's words had the effect 
that he desired. The mob started for Daviess county, 
taking their cannon with them. While they were 
going there, Cornelius Gillum was busily engaged in 
raising a mob in Platte and Clinton counties to aid 
Woods in his plans to drive a peaceable people from their 
homes and rob them of their property. 

On the 15th of October, 1838, about one hundred of the 
brethren started, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel 
Hinkle, from Far West to go to Adam-ondi-Ahman in Daviess 
county to assist in the defence of the saints there. This was in 
compliance with the order of General Doniphan. Joseph 
accompanied this company. The mob was destroying 
property, burning houses and committing the most dreadful 
outrages upon the Saints in that county. Those whose houses 
were burned, and also those who lived in lonely and exposed 
positions, fled into Adam-ondi-Ahman for protection. Women 
and children were thus compelled to leave their homes, and flee 
for safety, some of them in the midst of a snow storm which 
took place on the 17th and 1 8th of October. General Parkes by 
this time had reached Daviess county, and Lyman Wight, who 
held a commission as colonel in his command, obtained 
permission from him to call out his men and go and put the mob 
down. But the mob knew better than to wait for Colonel 
Wight and his men. While they had no one to meet but 
unarmed men and helpless women and children, they were very 
brave. They could plunder and drive them and have no fear. 
But when they had men to meet, their courage oozed out, and 
they broke up their encampment and ran away. This they 



would do every time when they thought they were likely to meet 
a force of brethren who were prepared for them. A truly brave 
man will never oppress the weak; none but a coward will do 
that; and those mobbers proved that they were most arrant 
cowards; for they never dare stop and face the brethren 
when they were on equal terms. 

The mob, seeing that they could not succeed by force, 
took another plan to bring evil upon the saints. They were 
determined to have them driven by some means; and they 
adopted a cunning plan to bring it about Their houses were 
nothing but log cabins, and therefore not very valuable. They 
removed their property from the houses, and then set fire 
to them, and reported to the authorities of the State that 
the "Mormons" were burning and destroying all before them. 
This was in keeping with their usual policy. They would 
tell the most abominable lies, and circulate all manner of evil 
reports about the saints, to raise a hatred in the minds of 
the people against them. The very acts of violence of which 
they were guilty against the saints, they swore that the 
saints themselves had committed on them. They made commu- 
nications and affidavits of the most wicked character, thereby 
hoping to raise the anger of the people and officers of the state. 
Their cry against the saints was, "Fire and murder." 

Upon the retreat of the mob from Daviess county Joseph 
returned to Far West, Caldwell county. He hoped that 
himself and the saints would enjoy some quiet, at least for 
a short time. But he was informed that a mob had commenced 
their mischief on the borders of Caldwell county. There was 
no rest for the saints in the midst of those people. They hated 
every thing that was virtuous and good too much, to allow 
Latter-day Saints to dwell in the laud, if they could prevent 
them. 

The saints in those days did not have the experience they have 
now. They were slow to receive and obey counsel. But, like 
the saints who disobey counsel in these days, they brought 
trouble upon themselves by so doing. Several months before 
the events which we are now relating had occurred, the word of 
the Lord had been given for the saints to gather into the cities. 
But they delayed until the judgments were upon them. Then 
they were compelled to gather in great haste and leave all their 
property, and they were even glad to get off in that way. The 
city of Far West was literally crowded with people who gathered 
there from all quarters. 

We told you that the mob circulated all manner of lies about 
the saints. As a specimen of them, we give the following 
letter which was written by Sashel Woods and one Joseph 
Dickson; 

"Carbollton, Missouri, October 24th, 1838." 

"Sir:— We were informed last night by an express from Ray 
county that Captain Bogarl [a Methodist preacher] and all his 
company, amounting to between fifty and sixty men, were 
massacred by the Mormons at Buncombe, twelve miles north of 
Richmond, except three. This statement you may rely on 
as being true; and last night they expected Richmond to be 
laid in ashes this morning. We could distinctly hear cannon, 
and we know the Mormons had one in their possession. Rich- 
mond is about twenty-five miles west of this place on a straight 
line. We know not the hour or minute we will be laid in 
ashes — our country is ruined. For God's sake give us 
assistance as quick as possible." 

These were the lies which Woods, a Presbyterian preacher, 
could write and circulate. There was scarcely a word of truth 
in the letter which he and Dickson wrote. The circumstance to 
which they alluded was as follows: — Bogart with some thirty Or 
forty men, called on a brother Thorot Parsons, who was 
liviug at the head of the cast branch of Log creek, and warned 
him to be gone from there before ten o'clock the next morning. 



•WQ 




<W "" 88 



JUVENILE IUSTBUCTOB 




<"K 



Bogart further said, that lie would give Far West thunder and 
lightning before next day at noon, if he had good luck in 
meeting Neil Gillum. Gilluin would camp about six miles 
west of Far West that night, and he (Bogart) should camp on 
Crooked ereek. Brother Parsons sent a messenger to carry this 
news to Far West, and he, himself, followed Bogarts to watch 
his movements. Two of the brethren who had been out 
watching the movements of the mob brought the word to 
Far West that eight armed mobbers had surrounded the house 
of brother Pinkham and had taken three of the brethren 
prisoners, and had carried off some horses and other property. 
When this news reached Far West, a company of men was 
raised who were to act under the command of David W. Patten, 
one of the Twelve Apostles. The company started immediately. 
It was hoped they would surprise and scatter Bogart's camp, 
retake the brethren who had been taken prisoners, and prevent 
the attack with which Far West had been threatened. 



grlgittat jPuelUff. 



For tlic Juvenile Instructor. 

ADYICE TO .A. a-ZBL^ILTID- 

CHILD. 



O, speak the truth my pretty child — 

O, speak the sacred truth; 

T'will blossom bright in years of age 

If planted now in youth. 

For truth is like a lovely flower 

That blooms in summer's day; 

It is a flower that never fades, 

If* blossoms ne'er decay. 

O, speak the truth, my darling child, 

And never tell a lie; 

You'll know the value of the truth 

When you're as old as I. 

Though now I'm tottering near the grave, 

And gone is all niy youth, 

A brighter day I hope to see 

In glorious realms of truth. 

Still speak the truth, my lovely child, 

AYherever you may be; 

T'will guide you through this weary world 

So like a troubled sea. 

The truth will smooth the rugged path, 

If you'll but keep it still: 

Truth never leads to what is wrong, 

And never conies to ill. 

Now, let me kiss that pretty mouth, 
Anil part that yellow hair; 

Then run and bring a scented flower 
And I will dress it there; 
And then you'll kiss Grandmother's cheek, 
And conn- and sit mar by; 
And you'll be Grandmother's sweet pet, 
Thai would not tell a Ue!_, 
S. L. Oily. Liavid Milnk. 



FniiiT Hard. — Fight hard against a hasty temper. Anccr 
will coin,-, but resist it stoutly. A spark will set a house on fire. 
A lit of pas-ion may give you cause to mourn all the days of 
your life. Never revenge an injury. 



"BRIGHTENING ALL IT CAN."-From the Child at 
Home we take this pleasant incident. 

The day had been dark and gloomy, when suddenly, toward 
night, the clouds broke, and the sun's rays came through, 
pouring a flood of golden light over the whole country. A 
sweet voice at the window called out. 

''Look! oh, look, papa! the sun is brightening all it can." 

"Brightening all it can? So it is," answered papa; "and you 
can be like the sun, if you will." 

"How, papa? Tell me how." 

"By smiling on us all day; and never letting any tearful rain 
fall from the blue of your eyes. Ouly be happy and good; that 
is all." 

On the next day, the music of the child's voice filled our ears 
from sunrise to dark. Her little heart seemed full of light and 
love; and when asked why she was so happy, she answered, 

"Why! don't you see, papa, I'm the sun? I'm brightening 
all I can!" 

"And filling the house with sunshine and joy," said papa, as 
he kissed his little darling. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
OZHZ^IE^^IDIrllS- 

BV LIZZIE WINDER. 



I am composed of 14 letters. 

My 4, 12, 6, 3, 8, 1, is a barren wilderness. 

My 1, 8, 5, 7, belongs to the vegetable kingdom. 

My 10, 7, 11, is a number. 

My 13, 9, 4, is to marry. 

My 4, 12, 11, is a cave. 

My 2, 3, 11, is a fowl. 

My whole is a paper well known to the people of Utah. 



BY J. S. THORNTON. 



I am composed of 9 letters. 

My 4, 5, 8, is a small animal. 

My 1, 3, 1, is a young domestic animal. 

My 2, 5, 3, 4, 5, is a woman's name. 

My 1 , li, 5, 9, is what most children delight in. 

My whole is a law of the gospel. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 9 is GENERAL 
TITHING OFFICE— The following forwarded us correct 
answers; P. Tavey, Jacob Hak, J. B. Clark, J. H. Parry, G. 
S. Lincoln, J. J. Thomas, A. Peterson, D. Daniels, Annie M. 
Jarvis, Mary E. Shipley, Matilda Allen, Delilah E. Allen. 

Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright 
in heart. 



CTJ^TEITIXjE] IJNTSTE/UOTOE/ 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

*~ff- It is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers thus ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they 
will please forward them with the letter containing the names of the 

*„- Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent /or 
Cache Valley. „ .... 

*„■ Grain broupJU to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
reei acd, at the office <tf our paper— DEBXSEX NJSWS Blilijings. 



n 



fa v, 






