
"BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 




-^> V<^wij THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 

WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 18G7. 



NU. 5. 



THE IF 1 2sr ID I nsr a- oi^ dveoses. 



"IT^E suppose that most of our little friends have read the 
I T storj- of Josejih, who was sold by his brothers, which 
was printed in our last number. If they have not, we hope 
they will do so, as they will then be better able to understand 
the causes that led the children of Jacob to reside in the land 
of Eg\iit. 

For many years after the death of Joseph, the Israelites lived 
in peace with their neighbors. 
But in the course of time the 
Egyptains forgot how Joseph 
had saved their fathers from 
famine and the good he had 
done for the nation, and a king 
ruled over them who, as the 
Scriptures inform us, ''knew not 
Joseph." This king began to 
fear the Hebrews, as the child- 
ren of Jacob were called, for 
they had grown to be very nu- 
merous and powerful in the 
land. No doubt they had 
striven to a very great extent 
to keep the laws of God, and 
obtained his blessing and enjoy- 
ed his care, until they had be- 
come a mighty and distinct 
people in the midst of the na- 
tion. They did not worship the 
strange gods of Egj-jit. Tlioy 
did not speak the language of 
iLs pcoi)lc. Their wa}» were 
entirely different to the ways of 
those who surrouncled them. 
They were a strong, bold, happy 
people with the favor of (rod 

shining iu their faces. 80 the 

king called a council of his min- 
isters and warriors. What should lie done with these Hebrew 
I«-oplc: who dwell iu the laml of (ioshen? was the <|U<sti(pii lo be 
di'cided. I'or, they argued, son'Clhing must be diine. to slop 
their growth in power and mniibi-rs or they would soon be 
stronger than the Kg)-ptians, and instead of being luled would 
Ite the rulerx of tlie rest of the nation. Then it was decided 
that tlie best way to prc-vent this, was to oppress (lirm by laying 
heavy burdens on them. .Making them do all the hard work, — 
build ihi'ir cities, erect their pyramids, dig the iirigatiiig ciiuals 
and perform similar labors. 'I'his plan was at once acted upon; 
but it did nut an.swor as was exi>ccted. 80 they laid still heuviur 




burdens on the Israelites. But the more they oppressed them, 
the more they thrived; the more numerous their children 
became. The labor, instead of weakening them, only gave 
ihem more strength and vigor. So this iilan, like all others 
formed against the people of God, proved a couii>lete failure. 

The king was determined, however, to accomplish his pur- 
pose. If one plan did not succeed, he would try another. No 

matter how wicked. He there 
ujion issued the cruel command, 
to have all the male children of 
the Hebrew women killed as 
soon as they were born. Great 
was the sorrow of the Israelites 
when this decree was scut forth. 
It seemed to them that they 
would be destroyed as a distinct 
lioojilo, and as though all the 
liromisesGod had made to their 
father Abraham of their be- 
coming a multitude of nations 
would come to naught. The 
Lord, however, does not forget 
ills promises, and this jieriod, 
which .seemed to the children of 
Israel as the hour of their 
.severest trials, was but the jire- 
lude to their deliverance from 
bondage and the destruction of 
their oj>i(ressors. 

One of the women of the 
tribe of Levi gave birth to a 
very beautiful boy, which she 
rescjlvcd she Would not yield to 
the tyrant. With the assistance 
of her husband she hid liiui in 
~ ~ the house for about three 

months. He had then grown 
so big that slic could no longer conceal him. She then made a 
basket of bulrushes, shajicd like a cradle, made a soft bid 
therein, on which she placeil her babe, and hid it in a Mvludcil 
place on the river Nile. She placcil her daughter Miriam to 
watch what became of her inl'aut brother. This must luive 
been a vcyy severe trial to the mother to thus expose her child 
to the dangers of that mighty river; but the Ix>rd led her to do 
this with the child to ac^'oniplish His desigu.s. 

I'luiraoli. till' Egyptian king, Imd a dauglilfr, who, with \cr 
liandmaiden<<, was in the hjibil of bulhiiig in (he river. Oiii' 
day Hbo eii)iud Homuthing xlrungo tloB(iug 011 I lie water. She 



b:^^- 



-nt^M 




0" TJ A^ IB 3sr I L IB insrsTi?."croTOi^ 



sent one of her attendants to bring it to her, wlien she found it 
was an, infant who was contentedly laying on liis lied in the bul- 
nish ark. His beauty pleased her, and she determined to adopt 
him as her own, as she was without a son. Wlio was to nurse and 
take care of him while he was so young? was her next thought. 
When 3Iiriam, who had drawn near without being observed, 
proposed to the princess to send for an Hebrew woman to take 
charge of him, as he evidently belonged to that people. To this 
the princess gave her consent. Miriam went and fetched the 
child's mother, who without mentioning her relationship to the 
babe, nursed and cared for him until he no longer re(iuired 
her aid. 

Closes (for that was the name the princess gave him) was then 
instructed in all the arts and learning of the Egyptians, and, as 
Joseplms the Jewish historian writes, was made general of their 
armies, and looked ujiou as the heir to the throne. One circum- 
stance however changed all this. He saw an Egyptian ill-using 
one of the Hebrews; Closes was indignant, and in his anger he 
slew the Egyptian. Finding that what he had done was known 
amongst the people, he fled from the countrj'. He then resided 
for many years with Midian near Mount Sinai, and man-ied one 
of his daughters. There perhaps he would have remained all 
his life in the quiet occupation of tending his father-in-law's 
flocks and herds, had not the Lord appeared to him in a burn- 
ing bush and commanded him to return to Egyjjt to deliver 
Israel from their thraldom in that land. Of this mission and its 
results we propose writing in om- next. G. K. 



W\^ltn frojtt ilalitri^^ 



s 



THE 



I'lir the Juvenile Instructoy. 




S*TILL vivid in my mind is the bitter feehng and inexpressible 
) sadness, the fii-st of any account in my life, which I expe- 
rienced, when in my thirteenth year I got hold of a popular 
work on astronomy and read a representation of the nature of 
the heavens above us. Line after line, as I proceeded in read- 
ing, my cherished ideas I had formed for myself about the sun, 
moon, stars and our mother earth, were ruthlessly and irrepar- 
ably torn to pieces, and I felt lonesome and chilly before the 
immensity of space that opened before my view. It took a long, 
long time for me to realise the beauty and superiority of truth 
and reality above the charming illusions of imagination and 
prejudice. 

Perhaps my young readers also may give me little thanks for 
handling a subject to-day, about which they probably have 
already formed their own notions, and which notions may verj' 
likely be ojiposcd to my statements. They may think my ex- 
planation on the subject, not half so nice as their own way of 
looking at it. ]>ut let as see. You all have seen a rainbow, 
when a dark rain-cloud hovered in one part of the heavens, and 
on the opposite side of it the bright sun would be shining. 
This glorious arch, stretching from mountain to mountain across 
the plains, is by far the most beautiful phenomenon our eye can 
behold in nature. 

It will not have escaped your observation that there are two 
conditions necessary for the formation of a rainbow — a cloud on 
one side of you, and the sun on the other. Tlierefore you can 
only see a rainbow in the morning to the west of where you are 
standing, and in the afternoon to the east of where you are 
standing. You never saw a rainbow in the north or south, for 



the same reason that you have to stand always between the sun 
and the cloud. Sometimes only a part of the rainbow is formed, 
on account of the cloud being too much sideways, or two small, 
too high or too low; or you may have seen two rainbows or 
even, although seldom, three; the second of which is only a 
reflection of the first, and the third a reflection of the second. In 
very rare cases two rainbows have been seen crossing one another, 
which can only take place when two clouds meet at right angles. 
You will further notice, that the earlier in the morning or the 
later in the afternoon the rainbow is formed the higher its arch 
will be. 

Although science recognises only six proper colors in the 
rainbow, the popular opinion has assumed seven; this being 
considered a sacred number. Their names are red, orange, 
yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet. There is further this 
peculiarity about the rainbow that the sky within its arch is of 
a darker blue than outside of it, which is caused through the 
rainbow absorbing the reflected rays of the sun within itself. 
But you ask, what is the rainbow made of? How thick is it? 
Now, if you please, not too many questions at once. 

In answer to the first question I tell you, that the rainbow is 
made of nothing: — at least of no more than the glare of light 
which is reflected from the ghttering water upon the ceiling of 
your room, or the beautiful colors which you can let fall on the 
ground through a piece of broken glass, for if you look at them 
carefully, you will find, that they are precisely the same colors 
and in the same order as in the rainbow. Every ray of the sun 
can be divided into tliese colors, which always appear in the 
same arrangement, and this is called the sun-spectrum, to which 
yet other qualifications, however, belong, that have nothing to 
do with our present subject. You can never step underneath a 
rainbow; for the people who live at the place where you see it, 
can see no rainbow at all, or if they see one, it is still further 
off. In fact eveiybody sees his own rainbow, inasmuch as no 
two men can stand ]irecisely at the same place in the same time. 
Y"ou cannot take hold of your own likeness in the looking-glass, 
for it is no substance, only reflected hght, and so is it with the 
rainbow. 

In all ages has this beautiful phenomenon attracted the atten- 
tion and admiration of men, and various have been the conjec- 
tures, made about its nature, and some heathen nations of old 
took it for a bridge upon which the gods descended from the 
heavens to the earth; but its most beautifid interpretation is 
found in the Bible, where it is represented as the emblem of 
peace and of a promise of the Lord, that as long the earth 
should stand, wherever the rainbow should be seen there would 
be seed time and harvest; and to us all may it be an assurance, 
that, however the storms of adversity may visit us, and the tears 
of grief moisten our eyes, as long as the glorious sun of faith 
and confidence in the Lord is shining within us, it will produce 
the bright hope, uniting, like yonder beautiful arch in the 
clouds, the dark present with future better days. 

K. G. M. 



J^ 



[CONTI^'UED.] 

OTJI^IOTJS LETTEK.. 



THE following letter purports to be written by a Jew who 
was traveling in Palestine, in a merchant's employ, at the 
time the Lord Jesus Christ, our Savior, was upon the earth in 
the flesh. It was written by the young man to his tutor in the 
Netherlands. The letter was translated from the Danish of 
Dr. Jung-Stilling by Elder Jes.se N. Smith. 

We publish the letter as an interesting document; its chief 
interest being centred in the descriptions of the Savior; but we 






i^ 



0" TJ "7" El InT I L El IlTSTE-TJCTOIi. 



do not endorse it.s particulars as ti-ue. Whether a work of the 
imagination, or not. it is evidently written by the Spirit, and 
leaves a pleasing impression on the reader's mind, and it may, 
possibly, be a true statement. — [Ed. J. I. 



ALL this seemed veiy strange to me; if. thought T, the jVIessiab 
is to exalt our nation, which our Prophets so often declare, 
then all classes high and low must receive and obey him, and 
submit to his nile as their Lord and King, in short all seemed 
to me just as dark as before. But I conchided to see this man 
if possible, and talk with liim and observe everjthing closely 
that I might arrive at certainty. I therefore hastened my 
departure from Joppa. On my way to Jerusalem I heard the 
Prophet Je.sus of Nazareth ever\"nhcre spoken of, and nmcli 
that was extraordinary was ascribed to him. ncitjier was there 
any lack of nioekerj' and contumely. I saw some who had been 
sick and were healed; these extolled him without measure, and 
openly proclaimed that he was the Messiah. On the third day 
towards evening. I came to Jeru.salem. The first sight of the 
holy city made a deep and lasting im]iression upon me. The 
lofty and noble Temple, with its ornamental finish, with Mount 
Zion and its numerous towers, all hightened the effect of the 
glorious i)icture, which one must sec for himself to fully com- 
prehend. But the lofty sentiments and sublime thoughts 
which this view called u]) in my mind received a sudden check. 
As I entered the city I observed that the light-minded and 
ungodly youth mocked at every passer-by, while dis.solute wo- 
men in gaudy apparel .swarmed at everj' turning, and Romans 
and Koman soldiers stalked abroad in all the jiridc of dominion 
and authority. I also .-^iw iiriests and learned councilors; but 
of these things I will not sjieak; in short, my feelings under- 
went a great revulsion since first beholding the city, and I has- 
tened on to my place of lodging, which was with a merchant 
to whom I was recommended by Simon of Jojipa. 

My worthy host and his family were excellent people; they 
also believed that Jesus is the Mes.siah. They told me also of 
many wonderful works which Jesus had perfiinned, so that my 
faith again revived and also my desire to see him and talk with 
him. 1 was however compelled to postjione the matter some 
week.s, a.s I had urgent business to attend to at Jerusalem. 1 
went twice with my host to Bethany, where an excellent family, 
composed of a brother and two sistens, lived; their names were 
Lazarus, Martha and Mary, and with them Jesus often tarried. 
Tiiey received me with great friend.ship. and from them 1 heard 
much of Je.sus pertaining to liis godlike diaraeter and gloricms 
work.s. I cxjiressed my desire to go and see him. of wliieh 
they ajiproved, and Ijazurus even pave me a letter to him. 

Lazarus is of a very w<akly constitution, and in this his ,~istcr 
Maiy resoiiibles him. wlille Martha is active and lively, llidngli 
just as upright as the others. These dear ])eople tuld nic tiiat 
I would find Jc8U8 in Galilee, probably in the neighborhood of 
Capernaum. 

(Jn the first day of the month, which was Sunday, I set out 
for tJalilee. At Capernaum I was told that Jesus had gone to 
Nazari!th, to visit his mother. At this I was rejuiced. a.s 1 
could now find this remarkable family together. I tinned to- 
wards tlie west and pa'^sed between .Mounts Ilerinon ami Tlia- 
bor, cro.«sing the valley of Ksdraelon. I a.scended a ridge of 
mountains, from whence I could see the little city of Nazaietli, 
situated on a hill in an even valley. My heart beat (piick. and 
hastening forward I soon pa-s^ol the eity pate. 1 ini|uire(l of 
an old man, who was silting at a door, where the Propliet 
Je.sus tarried. I must pass uj) llirongh n .street and t>i the lel't 
into another, where 1 would see nuiny lame, blind and sick out- 
side a cliMir; tliiit was the liou.se whieli I shciuld enUT. (ioiiig 
further I found all as the old man said. Coming ni'ar I saw an 
old woman, who with out-stretched anni>, run hastily out of the 




door; she rai.sed her eyes to heaven, and looked eagerly around, 
as though she never had seen the worid before. She wept 
aloud, and shouted hosannah to God. I soon learned that she 
went in blind only a few moments before, and had now received 
her sight. Several sufi'crers now pressed forward; but some 
men at the door caused only one at a time to jiass in. Among 
others I .«aw a man with crooked legs, who came slowly forward, 
.supporting himself uijon crutches. I ob.served him closely that 
I might know him again, but what think you? after being 
heli)ed in. he came out with out-stretched legs, and, throwing 
away his crutches, he cried aloud, thanking and ))raising God. 
But how should I reach him? this was a difficult matter. I 
could not pass through the door; but hearing planing, sawing 
and chopping in one part of the house, I went around, and 
looked in through the window. Seeing some young men at 
work, after sulnting. 1 asked them to oiien the door and let me 
come in. One of thom showed me a httle back-door through 
which I passed into the workshop. After making my>elf 
known, I expre.s,scd a desire to .see the Master, and talk with 
him. 

The oldest an.swcred me in a mild luid friendly manner; 
"i\Iy brother is tired, and has a great deal to do, so that you 
will hardly get to talk with him this evening." 

Hereupon another sjjoke, "Will he not .soon be done? mean- 
time I will bring mother.'' 

He went out and a woman of verj' distinguished appearance, 
of fort}--six or forty-eight years of age. came in. She was 
neatly and becomingly clad, .so mild and friendly, and from her 
features there beamed a native majesty. Ahl master, what a 
woman! I could willingly have fallen down, before her, to the 
ground. She talked to me with circumspection, asking me to 
sit down by her. I did so. Her conversation wa.s full of wi.s- 
dom and piety. She informed me that an angel had foretold 
to her the birth of her son, and that he truly was the Messiah. 
I could never become weary of the conver.sition of this glorious 
woman. While she thus entertained nje a very handsome 
young man came in. A cold chill pas,sed through me; but this 
was not him, though one of his di.<eii)les. 

He said to the motlu'r, whose name was Jfary, that the Mas- 
ter had gone out to the cypress grove. Man- introduced me to 
the disciple, wlio.se name was John, and said: "Here isa young 
man of our people who lias come fi-om the di.stant west, and 
having heard much of Jesus, he is exceedingly anxious to see 
him. and talk with him." 

John turned toward me with a kindly manner and said, 
'■]'eace be with thee." "The Master," he continued, "is very 
tired; but come, 1 will accompany you to him." As we went, 
tears of joy ran down my cheeks. t)h! master, what people 
were tlie.>.e! Such had I never .•■een before. I'eaee, love, eon- 
teiitment, joy and IVi(nd>hip are expres.sed in all their woiiU 
and actions. This I also ob.-<erved at Bethany. If the follow- 
ein of the Jlessiah must all be such as lhe.se, alas! I greatly 
fear me fl>r our nation, and yet his kingdom must be composed 
of siii-h and siieli alone, according to the description wliieh the 
I'ropliets have given of it. ^\'lleIl we came near to the cypress 
grove we saw him sitting tlierc to rest; but as we approaelu'il 
he rose up and came to meet us. Oh! my friend, liow can I 
de.><eribe him? His countenance was giaeed witli a certain 
soleinnily that I cannot convey in words, ho seemed so good 
and friendly; yet the more I looked upon him the more his 
features expres.M'd a native majesty that tilled my mind with 
awe. He i-egarded me with a peiietratiiii.' glance, and 1 reidizeij 
that my whole biding pa.v<ed beneath his .'<ei'iiliiiy, I could not 
do ollienvisti, I fell at liis feet, but he i-ui.'<e<l me up agaiu. 
'Jo be cnutniuetl. 



The best way to keep cool, wiid a witty iwntOD, iii not to get 

warm. 



^l^-^- 



■^^ci 



<sgS^ 36 



CTTJ^EI^ILEl IIDTSTI^TJOT'OI?. 





MARCH 1. 18C7. 



EDITOn. 



EJDITOSL.IJ^L THOTJCa-SITS. 



"TTK is bone 
JLL sold!" 



honest I know. 1 would trust liini with uncounted 
What a character is this! To be trusted with- 
out fear with gold that has not been counted. Yet there are 
nianj- iieople who are so honest that they would not take a ]iin 
that did not belong to them. Sujijiose one of our little readers 
were to be put in a room full of gold, and the owner did not 
know how much there was. woidd he carry off a single piece? 
If he did so, it woidd be steahng. To steal is to take that for 
your own use which does not belong to you. It is by small 
beginnings that thieves arc made. A boy, when small, sees 
some little thing that he thinks he would like to have. He can 
take it and nobody will see him. He yields to the temptation 
and commences to lie a thief. As he grows larger he keeps up 
his pilfering, until it becomes a habit with him. He then steals 
whenever be can do so, and not bo seen, mitil at last he is caught 
in his sin, — he is tried before a judge — is found guilty, and is 
known as a thief by everj- one for the rest of his days. How 
sad a finish to a life that might have been a useful and happy one! 
It is often said that ' 'honesty is the best policy;" and why? 
Is an honest man always the richest? Not in gold and silver; 
houses and lands, or flocks and herds. It may be po,ssible for 
rogues and thieves sometimes to have more of these things than 
honest people. This is very seldom the case however. But the 
honest man is rich in the happiness of a conscience void of 
offence to his fellow men. Ho can look all men in the face, 
assured he has injured none. He is not a coward; he knows he 
has nothing to fear. He realizes he has the approval and bles- 
sing of his heavenly Father; and if he be a child, of his earthly 
parents also. Is not this wise policy, both for this world and 
the next? Who would be so foolish a,s to throw away all these 
blessings by little beginnings in sin, could they realize what they 
were doing? But verj- few. liowever, do realize this; anil the 
result is the prisons of the nations are full of felons, and their 
cities of evil doors who were once innocent bo\-s and girls; but 
who gave way to temjjtation, grew from bad to worse until they 
have become outcasts among their fellow men. Now, our little 
readers will not have the excuse that they did not know the 
resiUt of these little beginnings in sin. for we have striven to 
show them the folly of such practices. May they remember this 
advice that it may strengthen them when they feel tempted to 
take what does not belong to thetn. 



THE following letter we have received from one of our little 
subscribers. The words and ideas are her own, as she 
talked them to her parents, and she got her father to write 

them for her; 

Cvrni-; Vai.lky, JFarcli, ISOT, 

D'-rir ^f,■. Kdilor.—I anr very fonil of your — or ratlier, oitr — 
pretty little [laper, and I can't toll you liow ili'^appoinfod I am 
if the naughty mail man comes witli'ait it, wliii'h lio souie- 
linios (lues. 

I love to Pir.k at the ni'^e pictures in i(, and irct iiiv p.'ip.g or 
mamma t'l rend to inc nlioot tlicni. lint tlicro ;ir('a iinviL ni.iny 
wonl.M that a little frirl I'.'in't understand. I wcmdir if the i,'ood 

(icoplo who liolp you to write for us children were ever litlle 
loys and prirls like us? If they were I am alraid they liave for- 
potton; for so in.any of tlieni wi'itc to us a^i if we were ohi folks. 
(If cour.-ic Ihore are luaoy liii.'lioys and t.'irls who r(>ail your 
piaper, and it wfiuld not do to have nothini; in it l)id lilll(> slr>rios 
for litlle folks; l)iit, you know, it's {]tc f'/iiOlrrn'x jiaper, and I 
do wish, for truth, that they would use sonic littler words in it, 
so we could understand. 



My papa tells nie you want money very much to buy paper 
with. I have'nt much; Ijut I have tifty cents which was given 
to me, and papa says I may send it. It' every little boy and girl 
like nie would send you lifty cents, or two bits, or even ten 
cents, it would help you a great deal, wouldn't if? I love vou, 
Mr. Editor, very much, and hope God will send you all" the 
money you need. Agnes. 

W^e thank little Agnes for her kind feelings and for the inter- 
est that she has in the Instructor. If all the money in the 
world were given to us, it woidd not make us feel near so rich as 
to see the little boys and girls in this Territory growing up in 
the love of God and the knowledge of the truth. We are made 
glad when we hear of them reading the Instructor; for we 
hope they will learn from its pages to love obedience, vii'tue and 
goodness and ti-y to become faithful and righteous men and 
women. We think little Agnes' ideas about writing "littler 
words" in the Instructor are very good. We will try to write 
more simply ourself in the future and persuade our brethren and 
sisters, who write for the Instructor, to do likewise. 



TECE 



For the Jiivcnile Instructor. 



THIS is rather a hard word for some of our little readers; but 
most of you know what a whirlpool is, and the Maelstrom 
is a very large whirlpool near the coast of Norway, in Europe. 
Vou have no doubt often seen whirlwinds. They are caused by 
two cun'ents or drafts of air meeting each other from opjiosite 
directions, and, as neither of them will entirely give way to the 
other, they mingle and curl up, something like rolling up jiaper, 
and can-}' up the dust in the shape of a spiral j-illar, sometimes 
to a very great hight. Some of these 'whiilwinds are so strong 
that they take up men and women, or children, and tear up 
trees by the roots. Now a \t\m\pool is just like a whirhri/u?, 
only that it is water instead of air or wind, and that it sucks 
things down into the sea instead of up towards the sky. The 
one on the coast of Norway is very ten'ible. Its roaring is often 
heard for many miles around, and it has destroyed a great 
many ships and .sailors. Sometimes, when there is no wind to 
make the ships sail away from this awful place, the tide, or 
current of the water, carries them .slowly towards the whirlpool, 
and they begin to float round a large circle, very gently at first, 
but they keep going faster and faster, and turning in a smaller 
and smaller circle, until, at last, they arc swallowed by the 
raging waters and are never seen any more, except some of their 
broken fragments, or mangled bodies, that are washed on shore 
by the waves. 

How woidd you like to be on board one of those ship.s? Not 
very well, you say. Think what awfvd agony the sailors must 
feel as they sec themselves rushing to destruction, and cry in 
vain for some one to save them. But it is too late. They 
should have watched, and, if necessary, have got out their 
boats and rowed ;ind worked hard to keep their .ship out of this 
dansrerous cuiTi'Ut. 

Now we may say that you are in a ship. Your body may be 
said to be like a little ship fir your spirit to sail in over the 
ocean of life, and there are many rocks and whirljiools that may 
wreck you if you do not mind. Sin is a very dreadful and dan- 
gerous wliirliiiiol, ;ind a great many are swallowed by it. It 
seems so easy to do a little wrong at fir.st that many little boys 
and girls give way and allow themselves to be carried by the 
current into the whirlpool of wickedness, until they cannot help 
themselves, and none of their friends can get near them to help 
them either. But. says one little one, cannot God help them? 
Yes, but He has told his children to keep away from this dan- 
gerous spot and not ]ilay near or trifle with it; and if they will 
not obey IFim, they cannot exiiect Him to help them when 
they get into trouble. Now try and keep away from the rdgrs 
of naughtiness, won't you? Don't go near anything that is 
wron.L'. tirid alw;iys jiray to the Lord to keep you from being 
swallowed up by the black waters of sin. W. II. S. 



b^-^' 



J^ 



J'TJ^E^TILE insrSTI^TJCTOI^ 



37 ^C* 



THIE 



For the Juvenile Inxiructor. 



OUR young readers may have seen and watched with mucli 
interest some of our kanyon creeks da.^hing over project- 
ing rocks, the water falling eight or ten feet before it strikes the 
bed of the stream at the bottom of the rock. These little water- 
falls are termed cascades, and there is something very attractive 
in watching them, as the water falls in a never ending stream, 
on, on, and down, down, the fine sjuay being blown about with 
every blast of wind, and the water bubbUng, boiling and casting 
up its foam at the bottom. Yet these beautiful little cascades 
give but a veiy faint idea of some of the cataracts, or great 
water falls, in various places of the world, where a wide and 
deep river pours its immense volume of water over a huge pre- 
cipiee almo.st deafening the ears with the mighty and ceaseless 
sound of it.s fall. 

The most famous cataract in the world is the Falls of Niagara, 
one view of wliich is represented in our illustration. The 
Niagara river coimects Lake Eric with Lake Ontario, two of the 
great chain of lakes which lie between the United States and 
Canada. About forty miles below Lake Erie the river, nearly 
three (juartt^rs of a 
mile wide and about 
twenty feet in depth, 
dashes over a tremend- 
ous rocky precipice 
more than one hund- 
red and fifty feet high, 
or nearly two and a 
half times the bight 
of the New Tabernacle 
roof This vast sheet 
of water is divided by 
islands in the river, 
forming two principal 
falls, one of which on 
the United S t ates' 
side, called the Aiiieri- 
ean Falls, i s nine 
hundred feet wide, or 
nearly as much as one 

and a half of the city block.s in Great Salt Lake City; while the 
other, called the Canadian Falls, is over two thousand feet 
across, or about as wide as three and a half city blocks. 

To describe these Falls so a.s to give you a correct idea of 
them, would be impo.ssible. The noise caused by such a vast 
body of water fulling such a distance is almost deafening. A 
cloud always liangs over them, caused by the light spray and 
vapor from the foaming cataract, which as the siui's rays fall 
upon it, presents the colors of the rainbow, and has a very 
beautiful appearance. 

There i.s also another fall, called the Centre I'all. which 
though two hundred and lurty feet wide, looks like a white rib- 
b<ni when compared with the (jreat I'alts. 

There are many interesting and thrilling anecdntes related 
altout the I'uU.s of Niagara, which are worthy of Iieitig told in 
connection with any account of them. In the summer i>f ISI'.l, 
a young man who wa.s vi.-iting (hem, !n company with a family 
from IJiilTalo. t<Kpk a liltle girl in \iU iirniH, ami playfully said he 
was going t'l throw her in. Tin? child, scizird by a sudden fear, 
Hpraiig fnini his arniH into till' rushing torrent; and the ynung 
man with it it>' of horror sprang ui\rr her. Their mangled 
ri'iiiainrt were afterwardH found at difTereiit pluvcM Ijelow the 
F.dls. 

In IH'JO a man named Sam Patch leajied over the Falls twii'e, 
l.y nir'ans of a ladder which he jilafx-'d on a ro<.'k no it pnijected 



over the water. He laid a platform on the ladder, walked out 
on it, and leaped down feet foremost ninety-seven feet. lie 
afterwards made a higher leap at the Falls of the Genesee river 
and was drowned. 

A man named J. R. Robinson made himself famous more 
than twenty years ago, by ventiu-ing into the rapids in a skifF, 
and saving life and property at various times. 

A few years ago an Indian tried to cross the river in a canoe, 
while partially intoxicated. He was drawn into the rapids, and 
seeing that his doom was certain, he laid down in the bottom of 
his canoe and went over the Falls. 

Some idea may be formed of the immense volume of water 
which passes over the American or Hor.se-shoe Fall, — so named 
from its being .somewhat in that form, from the following anec- 
dote: In 182VI a ship called the D'lniil. was bought, a bear, a 
deer, a buffalo, and several smaller animals were put on board 
of her, and she was sent over the Falls. This vessel sat eiglitcen 
feet deep iu the water, or drew eighteen feet water, as it is 
termed, yet she did not sti-ike the cliff as .slie pa.s,sed over into 
the depths of the terrible waters below. She was almost knock- 
ed to pieces iu the rapids, but a large jwrtion of the hull went 
over entire. Nothing was seen of the animals after, nor wore 

any remains found. In 
]8oT a steamer named 
the Caroline was set 
fire to, cut loose from 
her moorings at Fort 
Schlosser a few miles 
above the rapids, and 
sent over the Fall.s. 

Some distance be- 
low the Falls there is 
built a Susjiension 
Bridge which is a 
marvel of mechanical 
skill. It is eight hund- 
red feet long, twenty- 
four feet wide, and 
about two hundred and 
fifty feet alx)ve the 
river. It is made of 
wire cables, which i)ass 
over towers of solid masonrj'. There is a railroad track, and a 
carriage and foot way over this bridge. 

In 18o'J a man named Hlondin, celebrated for walking on tlio 
tight rojie, stretc-hed a rope from side to side of the river, and 
eros.sed over on it. He crossed over the rojie afterwards walk- 
ing on stilts; again with his eyes bandaged; and in other various 
fool-hardy ways; tiir if he had slipped nfT and fallen into the 
riviM' below no power of man could have saved his life. 

'i'lie Falls of Niagjira are anmng the many great wonders 
which the Creator has liirnied on the earth; and (hey who look 
upMii them williiiut feeling llicniselves in the presi'nce of a 
I'ower bet'iiri' wbirli tliat nf niuii sinks into notliingness, must 
be Very liirgeil'id iijile< d of the God wlio niuile them and who 
h<ilds the earth and all that Ih on it, u.s it were, in tlie liullow of 
His hand. 




/■'.<;■ t/if Jumiile fnslniHor. 



VsTH^T IS WOI^TH iDOiisra-, 
IS -woi^Tii DOiisra- "well. 



"mil Kit F, that'll do. 
X Thc.'-e wiinls wen' 



(iiii>d eniiiigh fur nii' anylmw." 
ultiTi'd by littli' Susan Sluxen ns nlie 
htooi] looking ut her nicither'H cooking iitove, wliieli itho had 
just Ik'cu pretending I" polish. 

If it Would ilo for hiT, it would not ilo for many folks. There 
viOM u little patch of ru»t in one place, ii piece with n goinl | 



!?^-3 



fe^r 




6^, 38 



CTTJ^En^ILE i:N"STI^TJOTOie/. 



^ 



^ 

tn 



ish by the ride of it, and again a dull black spot by tlie side of 
that, which looked as though a brush had never lieen near it. 
Altogether it did not look as though any one had been trj-ing to 
clean it very much. But Susan was satisfied: it was just her 
way with everything. She as often wore her hat hind ]iart 
before, as she did the right way; and ten chances to one if she 
had any strings in her boots or garters to her stockings. As to 
her clothes they were handsomely adm'ned with patches of 
grease and mud, and embroidered with a fringe work of slits 
and rents. All of which she was too careless to clean or mend. 
At school her Keader was all dogs'-ears; her .slate had a crack 
down the middle and a piece chipped out of three of the cor- 
ners, while her copy book, dear! was so covered with blots 
and smears, that it would have puzzled ten lawyers to decide 
what she had written. 

Now. what do our readers think of girls and boys who act like 
this little lady? Do any of you ever remember having read or 
heard of any such becoming great and fl-ise when they grew up? 
Not many we think. For it is more tlum likely that such un- 
tidy, careless, "don't-care" habits will grow upon them as they 
grow older, until they will not be able to do anything as well as 
it should be done; and will be despised and shunned by those 
who have tried to keep themselves clean, neat and tidy. 

''What is worth doing, is worth doing well" is a good motto 
for all of us to keep in mind. Why do it at all, we ask, if it is 
not worth doing well? It were better to leave it alone and not 
touch it, if it is of so httle con-sequence as not to be worth doing 
proijerly. Never mind how small, or of how little imi)ortance 
it may seem to you. Do not do it badly for the reason of its 
smalluess. Small things grow to bigger ones. And the boy 
and girl who have made up their minds that they will tiy to do 
everything they are asked to do, so that no one shall do it better 
than they, mil find when they grow up they will be tni.sted and 
thought much more of than had they been careless and slovenly 
in the little things they had to do when they were young. 

We recollect reading of a rich merchant who had once been a 
verj- poor boy. One day he had cause to find flmlt with one of 
his men for not doing his work properly. Tiie man, not liking 
to be repi'oved, became insolent, and finished by saying, ''Any- 
how, old man, you need not think so nnich of yourself I knew 
you when you was only a di-ummer boy." As though being a 
drummer boy was a disgrace. 

'•Vciy likely." rejilied the gentleman, ''you did. But did I 
not drum well? Eh? Did I not drum well?" 

Boy.- and girls, always '"dnom well." Do all you have to do 
well. Then, depend upon it, when you grow up you will never 
be soiTy fur the |iains you have taken in putting into jiractice 
the motto of "What is worth doing, is worth doing well." 



J^ 



For the Jnrrnile Instructor. 

F E ^AT OIF 1>/Lir O AAT 3Sr 
TliOXJGHITS. 



MV 1)KAU Lini.F. rHIKNDS, 

1A]\I g'linL' 111 write to you about death. Do not be fright- 
ened at the word. I am sure tliat you sometimes think 
about it. and |>erha|is it makes you feel sad when you hear of 
any one dying; and, no doubt, many of you have liad some of 
yinu- dearest friends taken from you by death. It is indeed a 
sad thing to be scjiaratcd from those we love, and it would ln^ 
vcn.- sad to think that we shall never see them again. It is 
ignorance of these things that eau.scs many bad feelings, and I 
want to toll you something that will make you feel better, when 
you think of. and weep over your dear friends that death has 
separated from you. 



When I was a small child, I used to think a great deal about 
people dying, and when I saw any one buried, it seemed so very 
lonely to leave them in the cold grave with dirt heaped over 
them: and when I was told that the sjiirit went to God, I could 
not understand what it meant; and I used to wonder how it 
was, and how it would be with me after death, for I knew that 
every body must die sooner or later. I sometimes wondered 
whether I should be a child, or be something else, and whether 
I should know anything or not. After I was old enough to 
understand that there is another place where folks live again 
after they die, I sometimes felt afraid that I should be some- 
body else, and not be myself; and a great many such thought,? 
puzzled my young brains. 

Do you not think about these things? I know that little 
children think a great deal, and have many deep thoughts. 

You that are children of the Latter Day Saints, have better 
opportunities to learn about these things, than I had, when I 
was small, for then, although my father and mother were good, 
and taught me to read the Bible, and believed in the prophets 
that lived long ago; they did not look for any to speak the word 
of the Lord to the people in these days. I used to read about 
the ancient ]iroiihets, and many times thought I would give all 
the world, if I had it, if I could .see a prophet of God, and hear 
him talk and tell people what the Lord wanted them to do. 
For years, I almost felt to envy those who lived in days when 
in-ojihets and apostles were on the earth. 

When I heard that the Lord had raised up Joseph Smith, to 
be a prophet, I thought it seemed too good to be true, and I 
was afraid that it was not so. The thought that God was 
speaking as He did anciently, seemed delightful to me, and 
esiieeially. when I learned that it was really true. You, my 
young friends, who were born in this church, cannot realize 
how happy I felt when I knew to a certainty, that God had a 
prophet on the earth, to teach peojile what they must do to be 
saved. There were so many preachers, and some taught one 
thing and some another — some said the Bible meant one thing, 
while others contended that it meant veiy differently, and I 
thought it the greatest of blessings, that God would speak by 
the mouth of a prophet, as He did in the days of Moses, and 
tell us which was the right way. 

Now we know exactly, what God requires us to do, to be 
saved in His kingdom, and hereaftei to enjoy the society of 
those we love: and the nwre we learn about death, the less we 
fear it. if we live as God wants us to live. For a saint to die, is 
like going from a jioor, imcomfortable room, into a nice, beau- 
tiful one — it is like going frnm a kitchen into a parlor. Our 
spirits do not die; but as soon as the spirit goes out of the body, 
the body is dead — it is like a garment that has been taken off 
to be washed, and it is laid away in the grave to remain till the 
resurrection. 

After the spirit leaves the body, it is of the same form and 
size as the body was, and if we could see it, wc should not .see 
any ditlerencc. audit is just as much alive as it was before the 
body died — it is in the midst of friends and can walk and sit, 
and talk and sing and iiray just the same, and enjoy life nmch 
better than it did here, because it is free from the pain and 
weakness of the body. But the siiirit is too iiure for these 
mortal eyes to sec unless our eyes arc quickened by the Sjiirit 
of God so that we behold in vision, as many in this chinch have 
done; which is in fullihnent of the words of the ancient iiro)du't 
Joel, as follows; — "And it shall come to pass afterwards, that I 
will pour out my S]iirit on all flesh; and your sons and your 
daughters shall iiro)diecy, your old men shall dream dreams, 
and your young men shall .oee visions; and al.^o upon the ser- 
vants and upon the handmaids, in tho.se days will I pom- out 



my Spirit. 



E. R. S. 



r^ 



?v5^- 



J^ 



a"TJ VEItTILE IlNTSTI^TJCarOK. 



^^^^t 



39 



;iur)raj[iTiu. 



J"OSEI=I3: SIMIITH, 
1= I^ O IP li E T . 



THE 




REAT curiosity has l)ccn felt by learned 
men in the world to know the exact spot 
where the garden of Eden was situated. 
They have searched all Asia to find the 
place; but have not been able to decide 
upon it. But, from the fact that the ark 
rested on the mountain Ar.init. which is in 
^ ^'y-^ Asia, it has l)een u'enerally sujiposcd that 
^^^ Adam must have dwelt in Asia. It reiiuir- 
;^\ J ed the word of the Lord to decide this 

♦jK I'oint. Jo.seph obtained revelatidn on this .sub- 
Jr^>f^ ject. From the Ixird. J<is<>ph learned that Adam 
'^^Jf- had dwelt on the land of America, and that the 
garden of Eden was located where Jackson 
County, Mi.sjjouri, now is. 
In the book of Doctrine and Covenants it Ls said 
tliat "Three years previous to the death of Adam. 
le called Seth, Enos, Cainau, Mahalalrel. .Tared, 
Enoch and Methuselah, who were all high priests, 
with the residue of his posterity who were righteous, into 
the valley of Adam-ondi-Alniian, and there Ije.stowed ujidu 
them his la.st ble.s.sing. And the Lord appeared unto 
them, ami they n>.sc up and i;les.scd Adam, and called him 
Michael, the IVinee, the Archangel. And the Ix)rd adminis- 
tered comfort unto Adam, and .said unto him, I have set thee 
to be at the head — a multitude of nations .shall come of thee, 
and thou art a jirince over them f<)r ever. And Adam .stood uj) 
in the midst of the congregation, and notwilhslanding he was 
bf)wed down with age, Ixiing full of the Holy (ihosl. predicted 
what-socver should Ijefail his |POsterity unto the latest generation. 
The.sft things were all written in the IJo<tk of Erioih. and are to 
be te.stitied of in due time." How gratifying it is to have doubt 
removed Uf»on such |>oints. and to have the word of the Ixird to 
dei>end U|ion! With what |ieeuliar cmotion.s .loxpii and the 
brethren must have trod upon this holy land, the liord having 
told them what bail taken place there in the early days of men. 
and what would yet tJike place there in the future! The remains 
of the altar, on which Ailani had offered .sacrifice were plainly 
to l)C seen. 

Tlie a|)ONtaey of leading men, though unpleasant and grievous, 
(lid not cause Jos<-ph and the faithful elders to slacken their 
dilip'iH-o. They felt a greater determination than ever to per- 
oeveri' in the work of the Ixinl. On the fourth of .Inly. l.v.'iK, 
the conier stoncfl of the House of the I/ird at lar West were 
laid amid much ri-joieing. Josepli and his breilipii were 
de.Minius that the T>>rd would show unto them His will concern- 
ing the Twelve, nnd JoiM-pli acconlingly, ini|uinrd of llim. i)n 
the eighth of duly tlu'y nr<x.-ived llie word of the lionl on the 
mibject. He commanded that a conference ])c held iminedinlely, 
and the Twelve \iv iirganized and men hi' ap|Hiinli'<l to lake (hi> 
plaopft of ihoHc who had fallen. Th<! Ixinl named Jidin Taylor, 
John E. Vav: Wilfonl W.-nlniff and Willurd Kirbards to In- 
ordaiiK'd in their plaei-«. He also comiiianditl the Twilve to 
l>rc|»aro to take tlieir di-parturc the next Npring to go ovt-r the 
intait watont to Euro|H) t/i pr<-ach tlie goMpel. They were to 
lako leave of HIh Haiiils on the twcnIy-Hixlli of April on the 
buiklinK mutt of Hiit Ilouw in Far West How wonderfully the 
Twelve wi-rc enabled to fulfil ihix latter nM|uiremuiit you iihull 
h'am bcreaAcr. 



Josejih during these days had, as usual, plent>' of business to 
attend to. Besides helping to locate the sjiints and fiilfiling his 
other duties as iire.sident of the church, he acted a.s editor of 
the ELDEK.S JouuNAL, a i)eriodical jiublished at Far West. 

The spirit of gathering up to Zion was strongly felt by the 
saints in Kirtland. The evil influences which prevailed there 
caused those who wanted to live in peace and in the enjoyment 
of their religion to desire to move off where they could have 
those blessings; besides it wius rcf|uired bythe revelations of the 
I>ird. The members of the c|uonims of Seventies who were 
living in Kirtland a.s,sembled in the I/nil's House in that jilace 
to devise the best means of removing their quorums to Mi.s.souri. 
It was made manifest by vision and prophecy, that they should 
go up in a camp, pitching their tents by the way. Under the 
leadership of their i)residents they went into camp on the ."ith 
of July, and on the Oth started, numbering five hundred and 
fifteen .souls. When near Mansfield, Ohio, the camp was met 
by the county sheriff and some others, with a warrant for some 
of the brethren on account of the "Kirtland Safety Society"' 
money, and .losiah Hiittertield, Jonathan Puiihani, and Jona- 
than II. Hale were taken and committed to jail. They t(X)k 
Brother Hale thinking he w.is Brother Jo.seiih Y<mng. While 
in i>rison they jiniycd and sung, and rejoiced that they were 
counted worthy to suffer for Christ's .sake. They who took them 
prisoners only u.sed the Kirtland bank money as an excu.se for 
taking them; if they had not been Latter-day Saints they woidd 
not have troubled them. In the night, wliile the bretliren were 
in i>ri.son, a light e<iual to noon day bui-st into the pri.son. Elder 
Diudiani took out his watch, and saw that it was tbn'e miiuites 
past one, and ho received a testimony that they would be libera- 
ted the same hour that afternoon. This proved true; for they 
could find nothing against them and they were discharged. 

During the journey of this canii> to Missouri there was 
much of the power of God manifested. Devils were ejust out, 
(lie sick were healed and many mighty works were wrought. 
One little boy had his leg run over by the wheel of a heavily- 
loaded wagon; it nearly .seveifd the flesh to the Ixmo. His 
father. Elder Martin II. I'eck, laid hands on him in the name of 
the Lord, and he was enabled to walk, and the next morning 
there was not so much as a colored spot to Ite .seen on the leg. 
Thus did the I^ord confer His git>s and blessings on His [leojile. 
Yet many murnmred and cotnplaHie<l: they were selfish and 
covetous, and like the children of Israel when they traveled in 
the wilderness, tlieir hearts were hard, ami they listened to the 
evil one. Thercfort; he had power to lead thi'in astray. But 
many were faithful and hnmlile, and sought the Spirit of the 
liord. Out of five hundred and fifteen who started in tin- 
camp from Kii-tlaml. there were only aUiut two hundreil who 
reached Far West. Of the others some had slop|M'd by the 
way for one caase or another, and others hud sealten-d to the 
four winds. The most of thi-m, however, as nmhi as ihi'V 
raised means to carry them on tlieir journey, gathered with the 
saints. The camp reached Far We>t on the •Jnd of October, 
having Ikcii lw<-lve weeks and two days on the nuid from 
Kirtland, and having traveled, by the route they eame, eifht 
hundred and sixty six miles. I'lKin their arrival at Far Wet 
they a-cc'ived a warm woleuuiu from the eldcm and lUiinlH. 



SiitT your cam wlien l<ad wonlii arc »aid. Do mil let 
them get into your niemorii's. for ihey may trouble ymi nil your 
lives. If y<m an- not made low ami wicke<l by them, imyii a 
writer, but grow up to U' pure men nnd women, "yon will Ih' all 
the more iH>rr)' f'T the impure ciml* lel\ in your mind, which 
will xlii'k like pitch U> you, and which yuu cannot burn out or 
wash awny." 






I 



0" TJ "ST El n^ I Xj E IltTSTI^TJCTOI?. 



^Pigittal J^oelFfi* 



i^ir IF j^^ T h: E I?. iDEJ^i^. 



TUNE — "My Mother Dear." 



My own indulgent tather; 

Most good and kind to me, 
My heart is full of gratitude, 

As heart of child can be. 
The sweetest tones oannot express 

What my youug bosom feels, 
For all the love and tenderness, 
A father's cai'e reveals. 

Jly father dear — 
My father dear — 
Sly own kind, loving father. 

My earthly gifts and blessings. 
From father's bounties flow: 
O, how shall I the delit repay? 

AVhat can a child bestow? 
I will not deign an olfering 

From mammon's shining mart — 
A richer token, I will bring — 
A tribute from the heart. 

My father dear— 
Jly father dear — 
My own kind, loNing father. 

I think upon his kindness. 
And fond emotions swell 
From pure atfection's fountain streams, 

And more than words can tell. 
The purjiose of iny heart shall be 

My gratitude to prove. 
And with my life's integrity, 
To testify my love. 

My fathei dear — 

My father dear — 

My own kind, loving father. E. 



R. S. 



Brother Cannon: — 

The above is the true exjiression of the feelings of President 
Young's young children. It is their song to their father. 
Thinking it would meet with a response from the hearts of 
many children in this Territory, I have transcribed it for the 
Juvenile Instructor. F. R. S. 



W 

Nkphi Citv, Juab County, Feb. 20th, 18G7. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Having received the three first numbers of volume 2 of the 
Juvenile Instri'ctou, I am much pleased with its contents, 
and general make up; it is the best paper of its kind I have 
met witli. 

>ry children also read it with pleasure, and it is enlightening 
tlieir understandings in the truth, fivster than any thing else 
they read, from the fact that it is suited so well to their ca- 
jiacities. 

The Juvenile In"stiuttoh ought to bo in every family 
where there are children; fV>r it is one of the best papers f'lr tlie 
iiistriii-tion of the young, tliat hiis been publislied in theclmrch. 

Your article on Sunday .Schools is very timely. I know 
what you state to be true. I was once a Sunday scholar in dif- 
ferent Sunday schools myself, and the IckIi'ts tried hard to 
make a sectarian of me; but thi' Lonl cnliglitcncd my njiiid liy 
his Holy Spirit, and the Spirit manifcsied to my mind that tlie 
sectarian churches were all in error. At twelve years of ago 1 



fe^SS- 



wished in my heart that I might have lived in the days of Jesus 
and his Apostles when they were on earth. I thought I would 
have followed them every place where they went. "With 
these feelings I was preserved, until the gospel was brought to 
my native town, and in that town, one week after I heard the 
gosjicl preached, I was baptized into the true church of Christ. 
Wi>liiiig the Juvenile Instructor every success, I remain 
yours in the gospel of Christ, 

Thomas J. Schofield. 



FOR OUR JtTVENILES, 

Re-puhliiilied from No. 4, with Ansicers. 



'M. Who preached the first public discourse ever preached by 
anv member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints? 

Oliver Cowdery. 

32. When was it preached? and where? 

On the 11th of April, 1830, in the house of Mr. WMtmer, 
Fayette. 

33. Who were the first missionaries appointed to carry the 
gospel to the Lamanites? 

Oliver Cowdery, Peter Whitmer, junr., Parley P. Pratt and 
Ziba Peterson. 

34. Who were the first members of the church who were 
pri\ileged to stand upon the ground designed for a holy pur- 
l>ose? What place was it? 

The elders above named. Tho plaoe was Independence, Jack- 
son County, Missouri, where the great Temple of Zion is to be 
built. 

35. Who was tho first bishop in the church? 
Edward Partridge. 

30. Wlicn and where were high priests first ordained in this 
generation? 

On the 6th of June, 1831, at a conference held at Ku-tland. 

:}7. What important work did the Prophet Joseph do on the 
2nd of August, 1831? 

He assisted in laying the first log for a house, as a foundation 
for Zion: this was in Kaw townshiij, twelve miles west of 
Independence. 

38. What elder tried to write a revelation like the revelations 
of Jesus? 

William E. McLellin. 

39. What became of him? 

He apostatized, and became a bitter enemy to the work of 
God and to Joseph. 

4(i. What was the efl'ect of bis attempting to do so on the 
elders? 

They were renewed in faith, "for they saw jilainly that no one 
but the Lord could give such revelations as they had received 
through Joseph, and thej' rejoiced much." 



B@=. The answer to the cliamde iu No. 3 is: Deseret State 
Telegraph. The following sent correct answers: — ]). I']. Allen; 
E. Shiply; R. Shiply; U. E. Shiply; A. Fitzginakl; J. E. 
Callister; H. Anderson; S. W. Andrew; W. Lewis; Julia; 
L. Tingey; 11. P. EoIsohl 



Is iniblisticd in Oreal Sail Lake CUy, Vlah Tciritary, 
OX THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Anuura $3 00 

Single Copy, for^Six Mouths 1 50 

#2-J( is rrncctr-d irlierc ar/nils furward names tlwy irill be rrspnnsihle 
tiir the piinrr.s thus ordered: and xehm Cash jiai/ments are made, they 
Vai please forward them wUh the letter containing the nanies o/ the 
siihseriljers. 

tra- Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Lor/an, tvitl ael as Ge-neral AgetU for 
Cache Valley. 

*B- Grain brounht to this City for the Juvenile In.stkjuctor will be 
received at titc office of our paj«r— Deskbkt News BuiLDiuas. 




