


ny V ♦ 



fllhifss to \\t I^mH 



'^^-§' 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1870. 



NO. 17. 



T "EI E 1= E O 1= Ij IB OIF E TJ I?/ O 1= E , 



HAVING finished our visit to the meuagerie and got 
through with the animals there, we will now turn to 
the men and women wlio inhabit this earth, and com- 
mence a brief chat with our little readers about some of 
the people who dwell in Europe. We suppose that most 
of you have studied geography, and have learned that 
Europe, though small when compared with America, is 
divided into a great number of nations, governed by 
separate rulers and inhabited by many different races of 
people who speak various languages. The principal coun- 
tries of Europe are Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, 
Austria and Italy, but besides these there are many others, 
and we here present our readers with a sheet of engrav- 
ings in which we have representations of some of the in- 
habitants of England, France, Russia, Turkey, Italy and 
elsewhere. 

First, here is a pleasant old gentlemen who is acting as 
teacher to a crowd of little Turks, who appear to be very 
diligently learning their lessons, in the pleasant shade of 
some wide spreading tree. The climate of Tursey is very 
warm, that country being situated in the far south east 
corner of Europe, and it is much nicer for little boys to sit 
in the healthful breeze, than to be half stifled in the close 
rooms of the badly ventilated houses they build in Tur- 
key. Further down is a picture of an Ottoman, with his 
turban and long flowing beard. Do you not think he is a 
fine looking man? He also has his home amongst the 
people of Turkey, is a believer in the prophet Mohammed 
and has a great contempt for Christians in general, and 
their ways. 

On the other side of our sheet we have three Russians, 
the natural enemies of the Turks ; that is, their rulers are 
the greatest enemies the Turks have to contend with; 
for it is the pet scheme of the Russian Czars and nobles to 
take possession of Turkey and have a fine Russian city 
where Constantinople now stands. They then hope to 
obtain power over Syria, Egypt, Persia, Arabia, India 
and Cliina, and become the sole rulers in ail the vast con- 
tinent of Asia. Indeed now they hold a greater extent of 
country than any other nation in Europe; but it would be 
a small empire wlieu compared with wliat they are seek- 
ing to obtain. Tliere are a great many different races 
under tlie rule of the Czar of Russia; Sclavonians, Poles, 
Tartars, Cossacks, Circassians, Fins, Lapps and many 
others ; then if we add Turks, Egyptians, Arabs, Hindoos, 
Chinese and others which tliey hone to govern some day, 
we shall have a greater mixture of races tlian even Great 
Britain, with all her colonies, controls. The Rus- 



sians dress very difTerent to the Turks. Theirs is a cold, 
bleak climate, and they have to shield themselves well 
from the piercing storms and biting winds, which prevail 
in their land. Look on your map, and you will see what 
a vast amount of the coldest regions of Europe they claim. 
Finland, and apart of Lapland, and the country bordering 
on the White Sea and Arctic Ocean, are all theirs. 

Here is a portrait of Napoleon III., Emperor of France. 
It is a very good likeness, and, as you have heard so much 
about him of late, and of the war now raging between 
France and Prussia, this engraving will doubtless be in- 
teresting to you. If you wish to read his life you will find 
it on page 113 of Volume four of the Juve.vile Instruc- 
tor. 

A Gipsy encampment next claims our attention. These 
wandering people belong to no particular nation, and 
honor no particular laws. They are found in almost every 
country in Europe and Asia,have a language of their own, 
and like the wandering tribes of Asia and America, have 
their own kings, coints or chiefs. No one can tell with 
certainty, who they are or whence they came, what is 
tlieir origin or from whom they descended. Some style 
them Bohemians, others Egyptians ; some imagine that 
Ishmael was their father, others that they are the offshoot 
of some Hindoo race. Still this is all guess work, nothing 
is known with certainty on the matter. 

Did you ever see a gipsy? If yoii have not we will tell 
you something about them. They have, as a rule, dark 
skins and black eyes and hair, and are not remarkable for 
their cleanliness or honesty. The men get their living by 
stealing and tinkering, the women by telling foolish per- 
sons their "fortunes." Have you ever had your fortune 
told? We hope not, by a gipsy. It is so silly. We could 
tell you all something about your fortunes if you wished 
it. Shall we? Well then, to commence, if you wish to 
be happy, keep the commandments of God. If you wish 
to be loved, act out the golden rule "Do unto others as you 
wish others to do unto you." Do you wish to be hand- 
some? Do not disfigure your face with anger, envy, 
jealousy and gloom. Would you be healthy? Keep the 
Word of Wisdom. Do you wish to have confidence 
placed in you? Tlion always speak and act the truth. 
There now, we might tell you much more but we have 
other pictures to talk about. These gipsies appear to 
have pitched their tents in some pleasant English wood- 
land lane, and on the other side we have a view of a farm 
in that same country. Tliere is the farmer leaning over 
the gate admiring his stock, whilst "Dolly sits milking 



1A 



i^5^' 



^ 



)^ ISO 



J-TJ^EIsriI-.E IlsTSTI^/TJOTOI?. 



^ 



her cow." Affairs seem to be prospering about the farm, 
the result of thrift, care aud honest Industry. 

T-yo Italian women aud babies stand next on our list. 
We think the babies must be rather imcomfortable In 
that wide, shallow grape basket, so high above the ground. 
But perhaps they are used to it, aud use is said to be 
second nature. We once heard of a lady who lectured a 
fisherwoman on the cruelty of skinning eels alive. "Lor' 
bless you marm," replied the fishwife "they're used to it." 
If that be so, and eels can get used to being skinned 
alive, we are willing to allow that babies can got used to 
being carried in such basltets as our picture represents. 
These women are dressed in a very pretty costume. 
Bright colors have a charm in their eyes, and most of 
them have a preference for what a certain old negress 
termed "quiet shades such as red, blue, and yellow." 
These peasant women have also an eye to business, in 
dressing in this picturesque style. Many of them gain 
their living by acting as models to some of the numerous 
artists who abound in Italy, when they paint pictures of 
the Virgin Mary or of some of the numerous sainted 
ladies who adorn the calendar of the Roman Catholic 
Church. 

And here, by the way, we have a picture of the head of 
a statue which some sculptor, who lived many ages ago, 
intended to represent Apollo, one of the gods of the 
ancient Greeks and Romans. He was supposed to be as 
handsome as Solomon was wise, or as Samson was strong, 
and is considered the type or model of the most perfect 
specimens of the race from which most of the people of 
Europe have sprung. 

North of Italy is a mountainous little country called 
Switzerland. Its inhabitants are a very different people 
to the Italians, and you will notice they dress in a very 
different style. The Swiss are a hardy, industrious and 
brave people, many of whom since the gospel has been 
preached in their midst have embraced its holy principles 
and gathered to Zion. 

From these various pictures you may notice, how each 
country has its peculiar style of dress and fashion, aa well 
.as language, laws and customs. A Switzer does not dress 
like a Russian, nor an Italian like a Turk, and a Scotch 
Ilighlaniler would never be taken for a Spaniard. Each 
country has its national costume which the custom of 
many succeeding generations has made almost as rigid as 
the laws. In our next we shall have something to say 
of the people who inhabit other portions of the globe. 

G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



O O K. .^ Xj s. 



THE most important of the simple elements have re- 
ceived attention a-s such; tliey may now be considered 
ngaiii as tliey occur as compounds, in substances with 
which we are more or less familiar. Carbonate of lime 
we have been made acquainted with in former articles, 
the corals are formed of that substance: Ca. C20. 

But how different in appearance is the elegant coral to 
tlie blue and gray rocks composed of carbonate of lime, 
the limestone of our quarries! Yes, children; and one of 
the objects of chemical investigation is to account for that 
difference. Not that chemistry alone, nor, in fact, any 
otlier known science, can account for all the marvellous 




transformations that matter undergoes. No! the simple 
elements do combine, and frequently without apparent 
cause. In various proportions and in different modes, pro- 
ducing numberless varieties of substances from the same 
things! 

The corals are one class of substances, giving evidences 
of this truth. There are white corals of every variety of 
form; red corals, almost the same in structure, but differ- 
ent in color; and there are black corals, differing from 
either variety, yet all are the same substance. All are, 
however, alike in one respect, they are marine animals: 
they all derive their substance from the sea. 

Perhaps it may seem strange to call corals "animals," 
but they are so; they belong to a class known as zoophyte, 
which means partly an animal and partly a plant. 

There are a number of varieties of coral we may get 
acquainted with by a little attention. First there is the 
jewel coral, this is generally pink or red, although the 
most precious coral is black. This kind of coral is called 
"millepore," the surface is smooth and the pores are 
small. When coral is formed in small branches it is 
called "barb coral," this variety is very beautiful, but not 
very valuable for jewel purposes. 

Then there is the "maderpore;" this is a white, branch- 
shaped variety, each branch terminating with a point, on 
the end of which is a small cell. Besides this cell, all 
round the brancli other cells may be seen. Each of these 
cells was the abode of an individual madrepore or "polyp," 
as these little animals are called. 

There is also the astral coral, rounded in shape, some- 
times very large, resembling the shape of the human 
head. This is sometimes covered with meandering fur- 
rows resembling the convolutions of the brain, this is 
called "brain coral." If the form of the cells of this 
variety is noticed it is seen to be radiated, this is why it is 
called astral, or " star coral." 

Then there is the fungia variety. They are disk-shaped, 
sometimes oblong, resembling a dish, at other times deep 
like a basin, these are known as "sea mushrooms." 
Others grow in tufted forma, with the short branches at 
equal distances and of nearly equal lengths, these are 
called " clove coral," they are generally globular in shape, 
sometimes resembling a crown or coronet. Then there is 
gorgonia, or " Sea Fan," a variety exceedingly beautiful, 
formed of brilliantly-colored twigs, and a multitude of 
otlier forms of coral of which these are the leading types. 

But who can account for the great differences of appear- 
ance of all these, all made of precisely the same material, 
elaborated from the same elements, grown under the same 
circumstances? It may be that the polyp, as the coral 
insect is called, has intelligence to select a food suitable 
for its peculiar organization, or power to secrete from the 
same kind of food elements required for its develop- 
ment. 

The coral is secreted within the polyp as other animals 
secrete their bones. Each cell corresponds to the inside 
of an animal. We have the bones inside of our bodies, 
tlie coral insect has the bones outside, and lives, in fact, 
inside of its bones. Tlie material for our bones is phos- 
phate of lime, that of the coral-polyp is carbonate of lime. 
We derive our lime from solid food, which we convert 
into fluid Ijy digestion, the polyp takes his lime from the 
fluid he lives in and makes it into a solid. As to the 
difference of color among the corals, a very small quantity 
of some of the salts of the metals held in solution by the 
waters may readily account for this. The coral insect, 
although the lowest in tlie scale of creation, is probably 
the oldest builder on the face of the earth ; and as there is 
a great deal more to be said about him, it may be said 
another time. Beth. 



!^ 



'l^^ 



l^^^ 



JTJ^EIsrirjE i:tTSTI?.TJCTOI?. 



-^ 



131 



^UpHlh 



j"OSE3?h: sii-diiTH:, the 





HEN we recoflect that Joseph was 
only thirty-eight years of age at the 
time he was killed, the work which he 
was the instrument in the hands of 
God in accomplishing seems truly 
wonderful. Alone, with no one to 
help him but the Lord, he had started 
out with the determination to obey the 
commands which he received from 
heaven. He liad not learning, he had 
not wealth, powerful friends he had none ; 
but he had what were of greater value to 
him than all these — he had the truth and 
< the authority from God to proclaim it. And 
the Lord whom he served made him mighty 
in word and in deed. He performed a mar- 
vellous work, and in the face of obstacles, too, 
that would have frightened the most of men, 
and which he himself could never have over- 
come had the Lord not given him help. In this 
connection we quote respecting the work which he accom- 
plished and some other particulars, from the closing Sec- 
tion of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants: 

"Joseph Smith, the prophet and seer of the Lord, has done 
more (save Jesus only,) for thp salvation of men in this world, 
tbau any other man that ever lived in it. In the short space 
of twenty years, he has brought forth the Book of Mormon, 
which he translated by the gift and power of God, and has 
been the means of publishing it on two continents ; has sent 
the fulness of the everlasting gospel which it contained to the 
four quarters of the earth ; has brought forth the revelations 
and commandments which compose this Book ot Doctrine and 
Covenants, and many other wise documents and instructions 
for the benefit of the children of men ; gathered many thou- 
sands of the Latter-day Saints, founded a great city ; and left a 
fame and name that cannot be slain. He lived great, and he 
died great in the eyes of God and his people, and like most of 
the Lord's anointed in ancient times, has sealed his mission 
and his works with his own blood — and so has his brother 
Hyrum. fn life they were not divided, and in death they 
were not separated ! 

"When Joseph went to Carthage todaliver himself up to the 
pretended requirements of the law, two or three days pre- 
vious to bis assassination, he said, 'I am going like a lamb to 
the slaughter ; but I am calm as a summer's morning ; I have 
a conscience void ot offence towards Goa, and towards all 
men. I shall die innocent, and it shall yet be said of 
ME — HE WAS MURDERED IN COLD BLOOD.' The Same morn- 
ing, after Hyrum had made ready to go— shall it be said to the 
slaughter? yes, for so it was, — he read the following para- 
graph, near the close of the fifth chapter of Ether, in the Book 
of Mormon, and turned down the leaf upon it: — 

" 'And it came to pass that I prayed unto the Lord that be 
would give unto the Gentiles grace, that they might have 
charity. And it came to pass that the Lord said uuto me. if 
they have no charity. It mattereth not unto you, thou hast 
been faithful; wherefore thy garments are clean. And because 
thoU hast seen thy weakness, thou shalt be made strong, even 
unto the sitting down in the place which I have prepared in 

the mansions of my Father. And now I bid farewell 

unto the Gentiles; yea and also unto my brethren whom I 
love, until we shall meet before the judgment-seat of Christ, 
where all men shall know that my garments are not spotted 
with your blood." The testators are now dead, and their tes- 
tament is in force. 

"Hyrum Smith was forty-four years old, February, 1844, and 
Joseph Smith was thirty-eight in December, 1843 ; and hence- 
forward their nanr»es will be classed among the martyrs ot 
religion ; and the reader in every nation will be reminded 
that the 'Book of Mormon,' and this book of Doctrine and 
Covenants of the church, cost the best blood of the nineteenth 
century to bring them forth for the salvation of a ruined 
world ; and that if the fire can scathe a gretn tree for the glory 



of God, how easy it will burn up the 'dry trees' to purify the 
vineyard of corruption. They lived for glory ; they died for 
glory ; and glory is their eternal reward. From age to age 
shall their names go down to posterity as gems for the sancti- 
fied. 

"They were innocent of any crimes, as they had often been 
proved before, and were only confined in gaol by the conspir- 
acy of traitors and wicked men ; and their innocent. Mood on 
the floor of Carthage goal, is a broad seal affixed to 'Mormon- 
ism' that cannot be rejected by any court on earth ; and their 
innocent blood on the escu'cheon of the State of Illinois, with 
the broken faith of the State as pledged by the Governor, is a 
witness to the truth of the everlasting gospel, that all the 
world cannot impeach; and their innocent blood on the banner 
of liberty, and on the magna charta of the United States, is an 
ambassador for the religion of Jesus Christ, Uiat vyiU touch 
the hearls of honest men among all nations ; and their;Mi)w»- 
cent b'ood, with the innocent blood of all the martyrs under 
the altar that John saw, will civ unto the Lord of JiOsts, till 
he avenges that blood on the earth. Amen.''' .,-^,' ■'* 

About 8 o'clock on the morning after the raiirder (the 
28tli) Dr. Richards started for Nauvoo with the bodies of 
Josej)]! and Hyrum on two wagons, aceompanied by 
Samuel H. Smith, who was a brother of Joseph and 
Hyrum's, and a Mr. Hamilton and a guard of eight sol- 
diers who had been sent on that service by den. Deming. 
The bodies were covered with bushes to keep them from 
the hot sun. Nearly all the people of the city, when they 
heard the bodies were coming, collected together and went 
out to meet them ; they were under the directioin)f the 
city marshal. Besides private citizens there were the 
City Council, Joseph's staff and the staffs of the other 
generals of the Legion, and tflany of tlie officers of that 
body. The procession was an imposing one, and the 
lamentations and waillngs of the people, were such as are 
seldom witnessed or heard. It was as though every per- 
son in the assemblage had lost his nearest kinsmen and 
friends. 

When the procession arrived, the bodies were both 
taken into the Nauvoo Mansion, Joseph's residence. No 
language that we can use would do justice to the scenes 
that followed. The heart-rending grief of the families of 
the deceased and of all who were there was indescribable. 
But the public were not then admitted to see the bodies. 
They were told that the next morning they would be ex- 
posed to view. 

There were about eight or ten thousand people collected 
together on that occasion. From the frame of the build- 
ing which stood on the opposite corner to the Mansion 
they were addressed by Dr. Willard Richards, W. W. 
Phelps, and two of Joseph's lawyers, Messrs. Woods and 
Reid, and Col. Stephen Markham. The people were 
admonished by Dr. Richards to keep the peace. He had 
pledged his honor and his life, he said, for their good con- 
duct. The other speeches were generally to the same 
effect. The people resolved with one united voice to trust 
to the law for a remedy of such a high-handed assassina- 
tion, and when that failed, to call upon God to avenge 
them of their wrongs. 

The next day it was estimated that over ten thousand 
persons visited the Mansion to see the bodies of the 
Prophet and Patriarch. From S o'clock in the morning 
until 5 o'clock in the evening a living stream passed 
through the doors of the room where they laid in their 
coffins. A mock funeral took place that afternoon by the 
boxes which contained the coffins being carried to the 
graveyard in the hearse. But the bodies were secretly 
buried that night. This was done to prevent the enemies 
of the martyrs getting possession of their bodies. 



Open rebuke is better than secret love. 

A WORD fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of 
silver. 






132 



cr TJ "v^ E nsr I L E uststi^tjotoi^. 



'^^. 



§)^t ${tiitnilt itt^luaclur. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, AUGUST 20, 1870. 

EIDITOI^I^ILi THOTJO-HITS. 




' N our last number, wo gave you some of 
our thoughts concerning war. "War," 
Napoleon said, who was one of the great- 
est warriors that everhved, "is the science 
of barbarians." Another soldier, Gen. 
Sherman, sa3-s, "War is cruelty." Yet 
Napoleon, though he called war "the 
science of barbarians, " was himself so fond 
of it, that the powers of Europe thought it 
necessarj', for their peace, to make a prisoner 
of him, and guard him as they would a wild 
boast. He was first sent to the island of Elba ; 
but ho escaped from there, raised an army and 
again fought. After the battle of Waterloo, 
was again captured or rather gave himself up. 
Then he was taken to the island of St. Helena and 
closely guarded until he died. 
The manner in which wars are now conducted by 
the nations of the earth produce tbo most horrible miscliiefs 
and plunge whole nations into mourning. The Lord has given 
unto His Saints a revelation concerning the manner in which 
they should go to war, should they ever be comitelled to do so. 
You will find it in the S6th Section of the Book of Doctrine 
and Covenants: 

"Now I speak unto you concerning your families ; if men 
n-ill smite you, or your families, once, and ye bear it patient- 
ly and revile not against them, neitlier seek revenge, ye shall 
be rewarded; but if ye bear it, not patiently, it s'ball he 
accounted unto you as being meteJ out a ju.st mea.sure uuto 
you. And again, if your enemy shall smite you the second 
"time, and you revile not against your enemy, and bear it 
patiently, your reward shall bo an huudied fold. And again, 
if lie shall .smite you the third time, and ye liear it patiently, 
your reward shall be doubled unto you four told ; and these 
tniee testimonies shall stand against yoiir eiiomy if he repent 
not, and shall not be blotted out. And now verily I say uuto 
you, if that enemy shall escape my vengeance, that he Ik- not 
"brought into judgment before mc, then ye shall see to it that 
yo warn him in my name, that he <(inio no more iipDii you, 
neither upon your family, even jour chiUlren'.>( (children unto 
the third and fourth generation ; and then if he slmll come 
upon you, or your irhildren's chililren unto the third and 
fourthgeneration ; I have delivered thine enemy into thine 
liands, and then if thou wilt spare him, thou shalt lie re- 
warded for thy righteousness; and al.so thy children and thy 
children's children unto the third and fourth gennration ; 
ncvertiieless thine enemy i« in thine hands, iind if thou rcwanl 
him according to his works, thou art Juslilied, if he has sought 
thy life, and ihy life is endaiigerfd hy him, lliino enemy is in 
thine hands and thcu art justilicd."' 

'Ilic Ij<ud .s;iys'. 

"Behold, this is the law I gave unto my servant Nephi, and 
thy fathers Joseph, ami .Jacob, and Isaai', an<l Abrahaui, and 
all mine ancient f)rf)phets and apostles. Arnl again, this Im the 
law that I gave unto mino ancients, tliiit they hIkjuUI not yo 
out unto battle against any nation, kindred, tonyue, or people, 
save I, the Lord, commaniled them. And if any nation, t(m- 
gue, or people, should proclnim war agiiinst them, they 
should first lift a stamlani of pence unto ihit people, nation, 
ortongne; and if that peojile did not accej)! the offerinn of 
peacH neither the second nor the thin! tinie, they should biini; 
these testimonies before the Lord ; then I, the Lord, would 
Kivo unto them a commandment, and justil^y them in going 
out to battle ai;ainst that nation, tongue, or people, and I, the 
L rd, would tiifht their battles, and their children's battles, 
and their children'.? children's, until they had avenged them- 



selves on all their enemies, to the third and fourth generation. 
Behold, this is an ensample unto all people, saith. the Lord 
your God, for justification before me. 

"And again, verily I say uuto you, if after thine enemy has 
come upon thee the first time, he repent and come unto thee 
praying thy forgiveness, thou shalt forgive him, and shall 
hold it no more as a testimony against thine enemy, and soon 
unto the second and third time; and as oft as thine enemy 
repenteth of the trespass wherewith he has trespassed against 
thee, thou shalt forgive him, until seventy times seven ; and 
if he trespass against thee and repent not the first time, never- 
theless thou shalt forglvfe him ; and if he trespass against tbee 
the second time, and repent not, nevertheless thou shalt for- 
give him ; and if he trespass against* thee the third time, and 
repent not, thou shalt also forgive him ; but if he trespass 
against thee the fourth time, thou shalt not forgive him, but 
shalt bring these test'monies before the Lord, and they shall 
not be blotted out until he repent and reward thee four fold 
in all things wherewith he has trespassed against thee ; and if 
he do this, thou shalt forgive him with all thine heart, and if 
he do not this, I, the Lord, will avenge thee of thine enemy an 
hundred fold ; and upon his children, and upon his children's 
children of all them that hate me, unto the third and fourth 
generation ; but if the children shall repent, or the children's 
children, and turn to the Lord their God, with all their hearts, 
and with all their might, mind, and strength, and restore four 
fold for all their trespasses, wherewith they have trespassed, 
or wherewith their fathers have trespassed, or their fathers' 
fathers, then thine indignation shall be turned away, and 
vengeance shall no more come upon them, saith the Lord thy 
God, and their trespasses shall never be brought any more as 
a testimony before the Lord against them. Amen." 

If this law had been understood by the nations and acted 
upon, what a vast amoimt of blood and misery might have been 
saved! It is simple, easily imderstood, and should be engra- 
ven on the minds of all people ; for it is now revealed unto all 
people ; but should be especially remembered by the Latter- 
day Saints. Tho Lord docs not want his people to quarrel and 
fight. It is not pleasing in His sight to sec boys and girls 
quaiTclsome and angry with one another. If boys would obey 
this law, which is contained in the Book of Doctrine and 
Covenants, and whidi God has revealed unto us, there would 
be little or no quarrcllyjg or fighting among the children of 
Ziou. Some children, and also many men, think if they do 
not fight, they arc cowards. This is a mistake. It is not 
cowardice to refrain from fighting. Boys and men would 
rather fight than inay, and (luarreling and fighting are much 
more common than meekness and jirayer. It frequently 
rc<iuircs the highest form of courage to refrain from fighting ; 
and it is this which distinguishes man from the brutes. Tho 
day will come when there will be no fighting nor quarrelling 
among the children of Zion, and love will prevail, and so 
liowerlul will the influence of jieacc among the Saints become 
that even the animals will part.-ike of it. The words of the 
Lord through tho I'rophet will be fultilcd, where he says: 
"Tlicy shall not hurt nor" destroy in all my holy mount^iin." 



\y II.VTIO\']]]! a youth undertakes to learn he should never 
' ' leave it until he has mastered it thoroughly. There is an 
inclination at the present day to attempt to learn too much at 
one time. Such a practice never Icnls to success. When a boy 
takes up a book to read, let him be careful, to begin with, that 
it is one that he should read, ,ind then he .shoidd ajiply him- 
scll' to the study of it until he hits mastered its contcnt.s 
thoroughly. An eminent lawyer once said: "When beginning 
to read law, I resolved to make everything I required perfectly 
my own, and never to go to a second thing till I had entirely 
accomplislic(l the first." Some of his conjpanions read as 
much in a d.iy as he read in a week ; unfortunately for them, 
however, they forgot what llicy rcail ; ]\nt his knowledge 
reniained fresh in his mcmorj'. This is one of the secrets of 
success. ^Vc have observed that those who have been most 
successful have been men who had tho faculty of application, 
and who would stick to a study — and to labor, until they had 






^ 




CTTJ'V^EISril-iE IltTSTI^TJOTOI?/ 



133 



r^* 



mastered and completed that which they commenced. If a boy, 
when he goes to school, flies from one study to another, and 
has always got some new labor on hand, he never accomplishes 
much ; he may know a little of a good many things, but un- 
derstands nothing thoroughly. We ought, in this country, to 
raise up a generation of mighty men ; and if our boys will im- 
prove their opportunities, they will become truly great. We 
have a fine, healthy climate, and opportunities for acquiring 
knowledge in good schools, which have been constantly increas- 
ing among us, and we have what is better than all, the spirit 
of God to assist us. Our teachers who have come from other 
places, say they never had pupils before who learned with such 
great ease as do the children of the Territory. Then in addi- 
tion to these advantages, the boys have plenty of work to give 
them physical .strength, and do not think, boys, that this is 
unnecessary ; for without the development of the physical 
Iiowers no man can be truly great. 



P^. 



TN ancient times there was a custom among the children of 
^ Israel of "spreading garments in the way" when they 
wished to show a person great honor. There is an allusion to 
this practice, in 2 Kings, lith chapter, 13 verse. Our readers 
will also recollect that when Jesus rode into Jerusalem on an 
ass, it is recorded in the 8th verse of the 21st chapter of Mat- 
thew that "A verj' great multitude spread their garments in 
the way. ' ' This would seem to us to be a verj' strange prac- 
tice ; but it was not uncommon in that country and among 
that people, when they wished to show a man honor. Jose- 
phus tells us that Alexander was thus received when he ap- 
proached Jerusalem. Another writer says that Agrippa was 
also received in this manner. 

This practice is one that still prevails in the East. One 
modern traveler says, 

"The people of the East liave a robe wLich corrospoiids with 
a la<ly's luaiitle or cloak. Its iiauio is salvi, ami it may ol'teu 
l>e seen spread on the ground wh^re men of rank are to walk. 
1 wa.s not a little surprised, somi after my arrival in the East, 
when goiiiK to visit a native gentleman, to find the path 
thrcnigli the garden covered with white garments, J hesitated, 
but was told it was for my respect. I uiust walk on them to 
show that I accepted the honor." 

Lord Lindsay in one of his letters, gives us another instimce 
of the custom referred to. He says: 

"On approaching Bethlehem, the aged inhabitants, with 
tears ami lamentations, caine out to meet mo, to beseech mv 
intercession, on account of the cruel wppression then inflicted 
(in them; and, eigbteou hundred years alter the memorable 
record of that custom, they .'^Irewed their abayes and garments 
in my path, which, with my suite, I literally rode over; while 
my heart beat, and my eyes were bathed with tears, ,it such a 
memorial of past ages amidst such a scene of present wretch- 
edness." 

Another writer relates the following: 

"At that time, when «omo of the inhabitants were already 
imprisoned, and all w«ie in deej) distress, Mr Earren, then 
English consul at Damascus, was on a visit to JerusaK ni, and 
had rode out with Mr. Niioliiysou to Solomon's Pool. Ou 
their relurir, as they rose ihe ascent to enter I'ethlehem, hun- 
dreds of the people, male and female, met ihem, imploring 
the consul to alt'ord them his protection ; and, all at once, by a 
sort of simultaneous movement, they spread their garments 
in the way before the horses." 



Let another man praise thee, and not tbine own niotith; 
ii stranger, and not thine own lips. 

Tin; liunian mind is capable of performing any reason- 
able tiling tliat it cnii conceive of.— Thirty years ago tlie 
idea of telegraiiliing from India to Washington would 
liave been considered the whim of a madman, yet the thiny 
is done. — Selected. 



jyEISSIOI<r^I?.'2" SICETOHIES. 



IN the last number, I gave an account of the efforts of 
the missionaries to destroy the work of God among the 
people of Keanae. Not satisfied with bringing religious 
influences to bear against us, they stirred up the owners 
of the land and the officer having it in charge, to stop the 
meetings and to threaten the people with punishment if 
they persisted in holding them. This officer assembled 
the people, and called them out individually, and tried to 
make them promise that they would not attend any of 
our meetings again. To accomplish his design, he used 
both persuasion and threats; he said that if they met 
again, he would have them bound and either carried to 
Ihe capit^il of that island— Lahaina, or to the .seat of gov- 
ernment—Honolulu. In consequence of these interrup- 
tions and persecutions of which Elder Keeler brought me 
word at Kula, where I then was, it was deemed best for 
me to go to Honolulu, and, if possible, see the king, or 
some members of the government. Elder Philip B. 
Lewis, who was then living at Honolulu, and presided 
over the mission, and myself saw several of the king's 
ministers. The American Commissioner espoused our 
cause very warmly, and demanded of the government all 
the rights for us which were extended to any preachers. 
We did not see the king, his health being very poor ; but, 
afterwards at Lahaina, I had an interview with the 
prince who is now king, and his brother, who preceded 
him on the throne, and from them received assurances of 
protection. The visit, altogether, was satisfactory and 
resulted in good. 

I have found that nothing is ever lost by the elders 
standing up for tlieir rights. People respect others who 
are spirited in claiming the privileges which belong to 
them ; and no elder should ever forget that he is the em- 
bassador of the King of Heaven, and that he should main- 
tain the dignity of his calling. If he be firm and re- 
spectful, he will be respected. 

We succeeded in building a fine meeting house at 
Keanae and in all that region faithfully jjreached to the 
people. 

I told you in a former number about the manner in 
which I had been treated by the missionary at Wailuku, 
the i)lace where Napela lived. His persecution had been 
so strong that I thought it wise to withdraw from that 
l)laee for a while ; but the time had now come for me to 
return; I felt impressed to do so; and in company with 
Polder Francis A. Hammond, I reached there one evening. 
We did not know where to go to obtain quarters for the 
night ; for the missionary who lived there had used every 
means in his power to frighten the people against enter- 
taining us. Even Napela, who had |)reviously afforded 
me a home, was under heavy condemnation for liis kind- 
ness towards me. I felt delicate about going to his house 
again, thinking probably, he might be reluctant to enter- 
tain us in view of the opposition which would be sure 
to follow. When we got to the edge of the town in the 
hills, one of us went and prayed for the Lord to open our 
way and raise us up friends, while the other watched to 
prevent interruption. We felt led to go to Napela's house, 
thinking that if he received us kindly we would stop with 
him, but if he appeared cold and distant, we would go 
elsewhere. We found him in conversation with four or 
five very intelligent natives; most of whom had been 
classmates of his in the high-school. One of them, 
Kamtikau, which translated means the fish-fiook, 
was a jtreacher; a very well-educated man, and said to be 
the best native orator on the Islands. They were question- 
ing Napela about our principles, arguing with him upon 
them, he defending them to the best of his ability. Our 



-1^ 




*^\ ±34= 



JTJ'VElItTIXjE] IISrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



arrival seemed most opportune ; he was glad to see us, 
gave us a warm welcome and soon transferred the con- 
versation to us. At this time Bro. Hammond's knowledge 
of the language was very limited, so I found myself the 
principal spokesman. We sat up until the roosters crowed 
in the morning, conversing upon our principles and 
rea.«oning from the Bible. For some time they were dis- 
posed to combat our views, but liually were silenced and 
they sat and listened to what I said, occasionally asking 
me questions. 

This was the commencement of a great work in that 
region. The preaching of the gospel created a great 
excitement ; the people flew by hundreds to liear the 
testimony, and I had the satisfaction of seeing the mis- 
sionary who had treated me so badly and who had so 
bitterly opposed and lied about the work, almost deserted 
by his congregation ; thej- having loft his church to hear 
us preach, and see us baptize. This was the kind of 
revenge which I wanted ; I did not wish him to receive 
any bodily injury, but I had lioped and prayed the day 
would come wlien he would see his followers leave him to 
embrace the truth and leave him to himself. We bap- 
tized a large number of people at Wailuku and the 
adjacent towns, erected a large meeting-liouso at that 
place and smaller ones at the otiier villages, and organized 
large and flourisliing branches of the church. It was at 
Bro. Napela's house that I commenced the translation of 
the Book of Mormon into the Sandwich Island language. 
Kvery spare moment that I could obtain from preaching, 
baptizing and travelling was devoted to this work, until 
tlie translation was completed. Xapela aided me greatly 
in its revision. I read it to him and other intelligent 
natives, sentence by sentence, and when a sentence was 
not clear to them and they could not understand it plain- 
ly, I never left it until it was made as thoroughly simple 
as tliat language woukl admit of. This labor I look back 
to, after the lapse of nearly twenty years, as the sweetest 
and most delightful and heavenly employment that I was 
ever engaged in. 



THE 



[For tlie Juvenile Irulruclor. 






OVH little l»ee ha.s been gathering some for the coming 
winter, and I have merely to select from among the 
treasures of beauty and truth .'<uch stories as may be 
deemed the most approi)riato for the occ;isiou. Here 
c<imc» one: 

THK HUNGAniAN NOBLEMAN. 
Between Austria and the Turkish domain, along the 
rivers I)anul>e and Theiss, stretches a wide and very level 
country, witli mountains along the Northern and Eastern 
lK)undarles. This is Hungarj-, the land of many nations, 
langnoges, customs and religions. Here, in certain dis- 
tricts, the gip>'les, many of whom an; roaming like 
nomads all over Europe, live In wretched villages. Here 
the Heyducks, another curious tribe, congregate in villa- 
ges not much bett«T than camps, dressing themselves in 
very romantic and fanciful costumes. Here can bo found 
the wild, thievish and cruel Slooake, who seems only to 
wake up to life and energy when he can fight and see 
blood flow. Here are also (Jermans, forming the chief 
population of the cities, which are comparatively few in 
number, and scattere<l far and wide. These Germans are 
the mechanics, lawyers and merchants of the country; 
but now comes the mo«t interesting, powerful, energetic 
and numerous of all the tribes of Hungary — the Magyars. 
They form the nobility and the farming and stock-raising 
|>opulatlon of the countrj'. They, being by far the greatest 



tribe of the land, have made Magyarish the official lan- 
guage of the government; they rule and dictate, and the 
others must obey; that is to say, their noblemen rule, and 
the other members of the Magyarish nation say "Amen," 
to it, being satisfied that the honor and the interests of the 
^Magyars are in good keeping. 

Some of the noblemen of the highest rank among the 
Magyars, are immensely rich. As, for inst^vncc. Prince 
Esterhazy, one of them, was once in London in company 
with some young liords, when one of the latter boasted 
that his father had three thousand sheep. Young Ester- 
hazy arose and smilingly remarked: "Well, it is strange, 
my father has just as many shepherds!" A wager was 
made and messengers were dispatched to Hungary to 
have the matter investigated, when it turned out that 
young Esterhazy had spoken the truth. 

Some of these noblemen individually own whole dis- 
tricts of country several hundred square miles in extent, 
where sheep-raising is especially cultivated, so that the 
Hungarian wool with that of Australia, commands the 
European market. 

The Hungarians are the descendants of a wild and bar- 
barous nation, which came, several hundred years after 
Christ, from Asia, under their great king Attila, to Europe, 
and laid waste nearly the half of that continent, until 
they settled down where they now are. They retain yet 
the proud, restless and warlike spirit of their forefathers, 
and their whole history is one of war, rebellion and blood- 
shed. They arc all splendid horsemen, and form of them- 
selves a distinguished part of the Austrian army, called 
the Hussars, who almost seem to eat, drink, sleep, live and 
die upon their horses. 

When, some years ago, the present Emperor of Austria 
entered a boys' school in the interior of Hungary, he in- 
quired of a smart-looking boy, what he was going to be 
when grown up? he got the answer: "A hussar, your 
Majesty." Asking another one, he got the same answer; 
another one, and still the same. The Emperor iinally 
asked them all: "Well, boys, what will you be when you 
arc men?" The answer resounded from all parts of the 
school-room: "Hussars, your Majesty!" 

The Magyar appears i>eculiarly adapted for this mode 
of life, for with a long slender body ho unites strong 
sinews, and a small but sharj) eye, aud is satisfied with 
very simple fare, consisting of a piece of fat bacon and a 
bottle of wine; the former he eats without bread or salt; 
the latter is so strong and fiery, that a great deal of fat 
bacon must be used to counterbalance its cll'ects ujwn the 
system. But scarcely any drunkards will be found in the 
whole country. More than the half of Hungary, that is 
an extent of country of many thousand s<iuare miles, lias 
no drinking water, except such as is brackish, found a 
few feet below the ground, whch is unhealthy for the 
human system. 

In the same tract of laud livo thousands of people who 
have never In their lives seen a stone or a rock, the coun- 
try being so fiat and Kwami>y in those imiMcnse plains 
that the roads have to be ])ave<l with wood, U) keep the 
w.'igons and animals from miring. The villages are 
mostly built in the form of a circle, with the church, 
school-house and house of the head man in the miildle, 
like the camps of the wild forefathers of that people. 

To sec the noble Hungarian guard of the Knipcror of 
Austria, in Vienna, in their beautiful, fantastic and rich 
uniform, and witness those gallant and tall men ))roudly 
walking through the streets, as if everything around 
them had been created merely for the purjiose of doing 
them homage, one can form an idea of their national 
chara<'ter. However proud and overbearing they may be 
towards those wliom they consider their inferiors, it is 



3^ 



le^ti 




IMISB, 



■p?^ 



UL 



a""Cr"7"E3SriI-.E I3S^ST^^/TJOa?OI^;. 



13S 



generally acknowledged that most of them would rather 
suffer death any time than be caught in a mean or dis- 
honorable trick, telling an untruth or betraying a trust. 
They are brave to recklessness in battle, and their love for 
their native country amounts almost to fanaticism. Many 
of their greatest noblemen have died on the scaffold as 
traitors, being executed by the Austrians for endeavoring 
to make their country free from the hated rule of Austria. 
In the year 1848, in one day, twenty-nine noblemen were 
hung; and when the last of them, a young prince of 
Leiningen, a distant relative of Queen Victoria of Eng- 
land, was stepping up to meet his doom, he called out, 
pointing to his already hanging comrades: "A glorious 
deputation of noble Magyars to go up to heaven to 
demand vengeance against Austria!" 

But when you come to Hungary upon the wide and 
lonesome Pustas, as the Magyar calls his plains, you may 
meet alone with his herds, a shepherd, dirty and ragged, 
who will, as soon as he has ascertained that you are no 
Jew, invite you to help yourself to his wine barrel and 
from his bacon ; a Jew, however, stands a poor chance of 
getting away alive, there being a great dislilve among the 
Magyars against all Jews. This poor, dirty and miser- 
able-looking shepherd may be of a noble name, in which 
he would resent, on the spot, any personal insult offered 
to him either in word or look with the knife, for he is as 
proud of his nobility as the rich count, who steps over the 
marble floor of the imperial halls. 

When the Magyar commences his song and dance, he 
can then for the first time be seen in all his wild peculiar- 
ity. Both go together, or rather alternately ; and all ex- 
press such deep melancholy and sad feeling, that it 
makes a very strange impression upon the audience. Just 
offer one of these herdsmen a piece of money and ask liim 
to let you have a song in right good "ungarish" and you 
will see his face Illumined by a strange fire, and the 
whole body begins to move; while with his hands lifted 
above his head, he sings a verse and executes, instead of 
the chorus, a number of very fantastic evolutions, which 
are nevertheless always graceful. 

In short the Magyarisli nobleman is indeed a noble man, 
both in body and in mind, but the superiority of his 
spirit has grown untrained ami is not influenced by the 
Spirit of God, which alone is found among those who 
obey His commandments, that have been revealed again 
through His Prophet in these latter days. But what a 
rich treasure is hidden there among that people, which in 
time to come will have to be bi'ought out by — the miners 
of the Kingdom — the elders of Israel, who have to bring 
it into the furnace of the Gospel, to be purified into pure 
gold, for the glory of Him, who is the Father of us all. 

K. G. M. 



I^ElsTIsrY IPOST^OE. 



From "Triumphs of Invention: and Discovery.' 
Published by T. Nelson & Sons, London. 



[^Concluded. 1 

WHEN quite a young man, on a pedestrian excursion 
through the lake district, Rowland Hill, passing a 
cottage door, observed the postman deliver a letter to a 
woman, and overheard her, after looking anxiously at the 
envelope, and then returning it, say slie liad no money to 
pay the postage. The man w:is about to put it back in 
his wallet and pass on, for it was an every-day thing for 
him to receive such a reply from the poor countryfolk, 
when Mr. Hill in his goodness of heart, out of compassion 
for the woman, stepped forward and paid tlie shilling, 
regardless of many sliakes of the head, and hints of re- 



monstrance from her, which he interpreted as merely un- 
willingness to trespass on a stranger's bounty. As soon 
as the postman was out of sight, she broke the seal, and 
showed him why she did not want him to pay for the let- 
ter. The sheet was a blank, and the envelope had served 
as a means of communication between her and her cor- 
respondent. It appeared that she had arranged with her 
brother, that as long as all went well with him he should 
send a blank sheet in that way once a quarter, and thus 
she had tidings of him without paying the postage. 

As he pursued his walk, Mr. Hill could not help medi- 
tating on the incident, which had made a deep impression 
on his mind. Ho could not blame the poor woman and 
her brother for the trick they had played upon the post 
oflBce in order to correspond with each other ; and yet he 
felt there must be something wrong in a system which 
put it out of their reach, and of others similarly circum- 
stanced, to do so in a lawful way. Every country post- 
master had a budget of touching stories of poor folk who 
were tantalized with the sight of a letter from some one, 
full, perhaps, of kind words and cheering news, or asking 
sympathy and condolence in misfortune, or transmitting 
money to help them in their straits ; as well as of count- 
less little frauds of the sort described, which they could 
not always harden themselves to circumvent and punish, 
so piteously eager did the poor souls appear to be to get 
word of their friends. And yet, in spite of all sorts of 
frauds, to people in hutoble life, letters came like "angels' 
visits, few and far between." 

Mr. Hill asked himself whether there was no means of 
lessening the cost of postage, whether the government 
could not afford to take less, or manage to get the work 
done more cheaply? Keeping his ears and eyes open, 
always on the alert to pick up a fact as regarded the pre- 
sent, a hint for the future, eximiniug the mode of carriage 
and delivery, the routes chosen, and the time occupied, 
Mr. Hill, after a while, arrived at the conviction, that the 
postage rates might not only be reduced, but that the 
transmission of letters might be more quickly performed 
by a remodelling of the system. He ascertained that the 
cost of mere transit incurred upon a letter sent from Lon- 
don to Edinburgh, a distance of four-hundred miles, was 
not more than a thirty-sixth part of a penny, while the 
charge for carrying such letter was one shilling. He ob- 
served that the penny posts of London and other large 
towns were found to answer very well, although people 
there being within easy distances of eacli other, did not 
need so much as in the country to correspond in writing, 
and that the carriers, in spite of the illegality of the traftlc, 
had loads of letters to deliver at a penny each, and tliat 
penny paid them for their trouble, as well as their risk of 
detection. He therefore came to the conclusion, that 
what was wanted, and what it was quite possible to 
establish, was a uniform penny postage rate over the 
whole of the United Kingdom. He calculated that if that 
were adopted, the number of people then in the habit of 
writing letteis would write a great many more than ever, 
that others, precluded by the expense from correspond- 
ing, would come into the field, and that many letters for- 
warded illegally would now pass through the post, so that 
the number of letters sent by post would be increased 
fourfold, and the revenue, at first perhaps a trifle curtailed, 
would soon mount up again. 

The post-olllce authorities were greatly shocked and 
disgusted at BO audacious and Utopian a proposal. The 
public were delighted with the project, but doubted 
whether it was not too good news to be true. First by 
means of an anonymous pamphlet, then by direct and 
personal application to the government, Mr. Hill endea- 
vored to get his plans taken into consideration— no easy 
matter, for circumlocution officials had passed from con- 
temptuous indifterance to active hostility, as they grad- 
ually discovered how formidable an antagonist In the 
truth and accuracy of his calculations, the sincerity and 
earnestness of his purpose, they had to deal with. It wsis 
a great national cause Mr. Hill was fighting, and he wivs 
not to be put down. The people took his side. Parlia- 
ment granted an inquiry, and tlie result was a report in 
favor of his scheme. On the 17th of August, 18,39— why is 
not the anniversary kept with rejoicings?— penny postage 
became the law of the land. 

During the last weeks of the year a uniform fourpenny 
rate .was charged byway of accustonjing people to the 



1^^^' 



^^^i 







136 



CTTJ'VElNriLE XlST^TTfXJGTaTt, 



-4^im 



»* 



cheap system, and saving official feelings from the rude 
shock of a sudden descent from the respectable rate of a 
shilling, to the vulgar one of a penny. On the 10th Jan- 
uary ,',1840, the penny system came into force. At first Mr. 
Hill availed himself of a suggestion thrown out some 
years before by Mr. Charles Knight, that the best way of 
collecting the penny posUige on newspapers would be to 
have stamped covers; but subsequently stamped envel- 
opes were done away with, and queen's heads introduceil. 
The franking privilege, of course, dieil with tlio dear 
postiige. 

Upon the adoption of tlie scheme, INIr. Hill received an 
appointment in the post office in order to superintend it.s 
working; but he had an unea,sy berth of it. His plan was 
adopted only in part, — the postage rate was lowered, while 
the other compensating and esenlial features were thrown 
aside; otticial jealousy of reform showe<l itself in various 
attempts to thwart his eflbrts, and to fulfil its prediction 
of failure to the scheme. The consequence was, that the 
immediate results were not so satisfactory as could have 
been wished. The increase in the number of letters was 
certainly very great. During the last month of the old 
system the total number of letters passing through the 
post otfice was little more than two millions and a half, 
of which only one-fifth were paid letters; while a twelve- 
month after the introduction of the new system the total 
number of letters had risen to nearly six millions per 
month, of which the unpaid letters formed less than a 
twelfth part. Very heavy expenses, however, not con- 
nected with the new plan, had been incurred; and the 
consequence was, that the profits of the post otfice were 
only a fourth of what they had been. Advantage was 
taken of this to get Mr. Hill ousted from his post; but 
after he had transferred his services for some years to the 
management of the London and Brighton Railway, the 
authorities were giad to get him back again, to place the 
remodelling of the system in his hands, and to allow him 
to introduce the other parts of his scheme which had 
before been neglected. In this work Mr. Hill has now 
been engaged for a number of years, and most of his plans 
have been carried out with great advantage to the public. 
In 184'i a puldic testimonial of £.18,3()0 was presented to 
Mr. Hill in acknowledgment of his distinguished services 
to the country; and very recently he has been made a 
Knight of the Bath (civil side). 

Cheap postage has now been fairly tried, and must be 
pronounced a grand success. It has become part and 
parcel of our national life, and has been found precious as 
the gift of a new faculty. We should miss the loss of 
cheap and rapid correspondence of our friends and ac- 
quaintances almost as much as the loss of speech or the 
loss of sight. The postman has now to find his way to 
the humblest, poorest districts, where twenty years back 
his knock was never heard; and what was once a rare 
luxury, hiis now come to be considered a common neces- 
sary of life. Instead of only seventy-six millions of let- 
ters passing through the post in a year, as in 1838, tlie 
numl>er has risen to between five and six hundred 
millions. On the average every indiviilual in England 
receives twenty-two letters a-year (in Londou the indi- 
vidual average is forty-six], in Scotland sixteen, in Ire- 
land seven. 

The gross revenue derived from that source is over three 
millions, and some of the railway CDpijianies each make 
more money out of the conveyance of the mails in a year, 
than the annual revenue of the wboli; Icingdoin of the 
liays of William and Mary. 

The moral and social eirects of the cheap postage are 
incalculable. It has tended to strengthen and perpetuate 
domestic ti<-9, to bring the most scattered and distant 
members of a family under the benign infiuences of home, 
and to foster feelings of friendship and sympathy between 
man and man. Upon the education and intelligence of 
the people, too, it has had, concurrently with other causes, 
a marked eflect. Many who looked upon the art of writ- 
ing as only a temptation to forsrery, were induceil to take 
pen in hand and master the science of pot- hooks 'and 
liangers, for the sake of corresponding with their friends, 
and of lieing able to read the letters they receiveil. In 
Is".; that Wits tlie case with only a seventh of the men, 
and a fifth of the women of (ireat Britain, and not a littli- 
of this a(U'anced education may be attributed to the im- 
pulse given by the introduction of cheap jwstage. 



[For the Juvenile Instnic/or 



SCJJ^ID^Y SGHOOI-i nYivinsr, 



Tune. Aimie Ijisle. 



Grant me in ray youlb, dear Fat liPr, 

A faith that knows no fear ; 
When Tliou callest, ever ready, 

Knowing Thou art near. 
Be Thy word the lamp, dear Fatlier, 

To light my path above, 
May no earthly pride or passion 
Tear me from Thy lovo. 
C/ionis. 
Faith undying, love eternal, shall my bosom fire. 
And Thy goodness to Thy children, shall my hopes inspire. 

Let Thy will bo done, dear Father; 

Ne'er let my lips complain ; 
Whether lowly or exalted. 

To live Thy law is gain. 
Let Thy Spirit ever guide mo. 

Till the journey's done ; 
Trusting, praying, never fainting, 

rill the prize is won. 

O. K. 



The JucKii.ERS of India.— These East Indian jugglers 
could do some very clever tricks— some that would puzzle 
you completely. They have one trick that the sleight of 
baud performers in this country never have been able to 
imitate. It is called the mango trick. I did not see it, 
but other men have witnessed the performance and I can- 
not doubt their word. The mango is a very delicious 
fruit about the size of a Bartlett pear, with a flavor like 
that of the strawberry. It grows on a small tree. The 
juggler first smooths a place on the ground, places a basket 
over it and covers it witli a cloth. Then he sits down 
beside it, reaches his arms under the basket, moves them 
slowly, as if working with his hands, singing a low song. 
After a while he raises the basket and you see a mango 
plant ten or twelve inches high, growing where a few 
moments before you saw only smooth ground! You think, 
perhaps, that he had the plant in the basket and set it 
out; but if you had examined the basket or the cloth you 
would have found no plant concealed. He puts tlie bas- 
ket over the plant again, sits down once more and waits 
for the plant to grow. In a few moments he raises the 
covering a seconil time and you see a plant two feet 
high ! Again lie covers it, waits awliile tt) have it grow, 
and at the third raising you will see a ripe mango on the 
plant. He will present it to you and you can assure your- 
self by eating it that it is not a "make believe," but genu- 
ine fruit. Do you ask how it is done? 
least 'ulna..— Selected. 



I have not the 



crxjvEisrirjB uststk^tjotoi?. 

Is puldished in Salt Lake City, UUh Territory, 
EViniY OTHKIl SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A PUBLISHER. 

flinrjle Copy, per Annum %^ 00. 

Sinyle Cnpy, /or Six Months 1 50. 

«»• Grain brou^'ht to tliiK City for the .IiivKNii.K Instructor will be 
rccclvtil nt the ollac ofour pnpir— Ukukkkt Nkws liiiii.Di.NOui 



$^^- 



v(p» 



