
VOL. XVII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUAKY 1, 18S:i 



NO. 1. 



TRAVELS IN INDIA. 

( Continued from page 283, Vol. xvi. ) 



'T^HE palanquin bearers in the vicinity of Aull were called 
-*- into service to carry parties to the festival at Juggernauth ; 
hence we were forced to procure other assistance to carry us 
to Dussepore, a distance of six miles from Aull over a part of 
the delta, the greater portion of which was inundated. 

We dispatched a coolie, to procure the necessary help. He 
soon returned, accompanied by sixteen coolies, who soon 
learned that we could not proceed without their services, and, 
being true to their national characteristic, chargpj us four 
rupees, four- 
teen annas, a 
most exorbi- 
tant price, 
compared with 
the regular 
rate of coolie 
hire, for carry- 
ing us such a 
distance. To 
cap the cli- 
max, then, the 
coolies, with 
Bengalee grav- 
ity, gave us to 
un derstand 
that they were 
not regular 
palanquin 
bearery, but 
were willing to 
render us what 
assistance they 
could without 
compromi.sing 
their standing 
among their 
associates; it 
being contrary 
to the rules of 
their caste to 
carry a palan- 
quin contain- 




ing an occupant. Not being able to help ourselves, we had 
to submit to the imposture. The coolies carried our empty 
palanquins, relieving each other; but would not take along 
our baggage, which we subsequently had to send after. 

We accompanied the outfit on foot, wading in water from 
aukle deep up to our waists. Oq arriving at our destination, 
we found a few small rafts of teak logs, to be used in the 
construction of the vessel. The locality being wholly under 
water, we shifted to a point called Manackpatna, a distance 

of three miles 
from Dusse- 
pore. where 
the land was 
not altogether 
submerged. 
We next 
visited the ra- 
jah, a native 
prince, who 
had just re- 
turned from 
the Jugger- 
nauth festival, 
to lea.se suffi- 
cient ground 
for a ship and 
timber yard. 
He treated us 
with courtesy, 
and promised 
us all the 
ground we re- 
quired. The 
ruj/s (native 
farmers,) how- 
ever, who 
were interest- 
ed in the lands 
adjoining our 
site, wtre jeal- 
ously opi)o.sed 
to us, and 



AN A L L I U A T O U . 



SS 




■4Jvii^ 



J-TJ"VElZsriLE IH^STK^TJOTOI?.. 



3i 



made complaints to the raija, who sent his monnshie (writer) 
to inquire into the matter, which was amicably adjusted. 

The villages, situated on the delta, were surrounded with a 
heavy embankment of earth, called a hund, to keep out the 
water. The inhabitants, during the rains, and especially 
during the stream tides, use boats to journey from village to 
village. 

On account of the incessant rains, the river was gradually 
rising, and when the spring tides rolled up from the bay, our 
site for ship-yard was also under water. Vv'^e hired a lot of 
coolies, at one minit (three cents) per day, they boarding 
themselves, to throw up a hund around the yard. The rude 
instrument they used to perform this labor, is called a 
qiiadaJali. It has a blade as large as as a spade, with an eye 
similar to a grubbing hoe, through which a short handle is 
driven. 

About this time, Brother .Meik left for Cuttaek, when I 
was obliged to go it alone. Being a considerable distance 
from any Anglo Saxons, I had to battle the best way I could, 
with the peculiar Oriental notions of the native laborers, 
sawyers, carpenters and blacksmiths, having to contend with 
their rude primitive modes of performing their labor, of 
which I will say more hereafter. 

There being no chopper or hut for me to oceuppy for 
.shelter, I Uved in my palanquin. The continuous rains, 
saturating the earth, drove a host of peculiar black ants out 
of the ground, which took their quarters in my palanquin, 
covering my clothes and bedding. The ants, together with 
the wet, rendered my quarters rather uncomfortable. 

The illustration exhibits an alligator, or, as the natives call it, 
a niuggur. It abounds io the rivers of India, near the Bay of 
Bengal, and grows to an enormous size. 

One evening, one of these scaly monsters kept sporting 
near the banks of the river where my palani|uin stood. The 
river was gradually ri.«ing, and it was also backed by the flood 
tide from the bay, and during the flood tide it was usual for the 
entire countrj' to be partly under water. The night setting in, 
I felt rather uneasy, with a huge muggur clo.sc by, and, what 
was even worse, the indications of a general flood, and no 
means of moving, and no place to go to. I hired two xudnis, 
the lowest cast of Hindoos, to stand sentry during the night, 
and if imperiled, by the rising of the river, to report, that I 
might wade to the nearest village. 

With the rain pouring down in torrents I crawled into my 
jiidkli', and asked the Lord to watch over me as He had done 
in the past. A> I had no confidence in my Ilindoi) watchers, 
I did not feel inclined to succumb to.-leep. I pushed back the 
side shutters of my palanquin, so that I could view the river 
and watch the operations. 

When the morning dawned, the rain had ceased and I was 
still on terra firtna; but the delta looked like a vast lake, and 
the sun shone forth hot and sultry, accumulating elenient.s 
for another storm. Such are the climatic operations during 
the entire periodical rainy rca.son of India. 

I hired ten sets of sawyers for six yxV/f per day, which was 
the general price for that kind of labor, but after working a 
few days, they struck for more wages and I was considerably 
annoyed at this mode of procedure, but I soon became 
familiar with iheir peculiar traits. I found it neces.sary, 
before the ten sets who were at work became di8.satistied and 
quit, to engage other ten .sets to hold them.ielvcs in readines.s. 
By giving them a small amount in advance of the wages they 
expected to earn, their services could be secured when 
needed; consequenily, when one lot got out of temper and 



left, the others would immediately take their . place ; and 
those who left would return in a few days and receive advances 
to be ready to supplant those who supplanted them. 

( 7o he Continued.) 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH, 



( Continued from page 280 in Vol. xci). 

OX the 19th of May, 1S4.5, the trials of some of the mur- 
derers of the Prophet and Patriarch, Joseph and 
Hyrum, commenced at Carthage, Hon. Richard M. Young, 
of Quincy, on the bench. The men indicted by the grand 
jury for these murders were : Col. Lt'vi Williams, a Baptist 
preacher, Thomas C. Sharp, editor of the Warsnw Signal, 
Jacob C. Davis, State senator, Mark Aldrich and William N. 
Grover. They were held in bail, with themselves as sureties, 
in the sum of one thousand dollars each, to make their appear- 
ance in the court each day of the term. 

To secure a suitable jury to answer their purpose, the 
accused had r.scourse to an extraordinary proceeding. They 
made two affidavits asking for the array of jurors to be 
quashed on the ground that the County commissioners, the 
sheriff and bis deputies in empanneliug the jury had the 
design to hurt and prejudice the trial, and thus endanger the 
lives of the accused. The lawyers on both sides argued the 
question; but the judge ruled that the panel should be 
quashed, and that the County commis.'-ioners, the sheriff and 
his deputies be di.-,eharged, and elisors be appointed for the 
purpose of choosing another jury. Two men were appointed 
by the court as elisors, and they selected the jurors. Out of 
ninety-six men who were summoned to act in this capacity 
twelve were found who were satisfactory to the defense. 

The guilt of the prisoners was clearly .«hown to the court 
and bystanders by the prosecuting attorney ; but despite the 
evidence brought against them, they were "honorably 
acquitted" by the jury. 

This result had been anticipated by the Saints. A vote of 
the City Council had been taken, in the pievious month of 
July, to the effect that when the law failed to atone for the 
blood of the Proi)het and Patriarch, they would refer the case 
to God for a righteous judgment. It would be an unheard of 
event I'ur the murderers of the jirophets to be punished by the 
law for the crime of shedding their blood. A generation 
which will suffer .servants of (rod to be slain in their midst, is 
not the one to punish their slayers. 

One of the lawyers for the accused. Calvin W. Warren, 
stated in his remarks, that, if the prisoners were guilty of 
murder, then he himslf was guilty. He alleged that it was 
the public opinion that the Smiths ought to be killed, and 
the public opinion made the laws, conse(iuently, it was not 
murder to kill them! 

Strange doctrine this; but it is the doctrine of the perse- 
cutors and murderers of the saints in all ages. What prophet 
wa-i ever murdered who.se death was not sanctioned by public 
opinion? Even the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus was 
sanctioned by public opinion. But that did not lessen the 
blackness of the crime in the sight of the Lord. He did not 
consider the Jews innocent of murder because jiublic opinion 
was in favor of the violent and bloody act. lie punished 
them as uiurdtrers. It is u.selcss to look to earthly tribunals 
to execute the law upon this class; they never punish this 
crime ; but the Lord does. The blood of innocence does not 
cry in vain unto Him from the ground, and the State which 



^ 



^ 




_!/5 



Wi 



acquitted the murderers of the Prophet and Patriarch, Joseph 
and HjTum Smith, will yet have a heavy penalty to pay tor 
this great and terrible wrong. "Vengeance is mine," saith 
the Lord, "and I will repay." When His vengeance falls 
upon a people it comes with crushing effect ; but, before the 
weight of His displeasure falls upon them to their utter over- 
throw, they must fill the cup of their iniquity. 

During these days President Young and others of the 
Apostles had to conceal themselves to avoid being arrested. 
Constables and other officers from Carthage frequently came 
to Nauvoo with writs, but they were not successful in serving 
them. The charges on which these writs were issued were 
groundless. The Twelve Apostles were innocent of the wrongs 
laid to their charge ; but the design in issuing legal process 
against them was to harass and annoy them, to get them into 
the power of the mob, that they might be killed, as Joseph 
and Hyrum had been. 

An attempt of this kind was made some months after the 
time of which we write, when the upper rooms of the Temple 
were finished and endowments were being given. We give 
the account of the transaction in President Young's own 
language, as he gave it in a public meeting at Logan, Cache 
County, Sunday, July '23, 1871, and though the occurrence 
did not take place at the date which we have reached in our 
history of events, yet it is so descriptive of the proceedings 
of the enemies of the Church and of the eagerness they 
manifested after the death of the Prophet Joseph, to capture 
President I'oung, that we think we shall not find a more 
appropriate point than this at which to insert it in the history. 
In describing the occurrence, he said : 

'"While Brother George A. Smith was referring to the cir- 
cumstance of William Miller going to Carthage, it brought to 
my mind reflections of the past. Perhaps to relate the circum- 
stance as it occurred would be interesting. 

"I do not profess to be much of a joker, but I do thinly 
this to be one of the best jokes ever perpetrated. By the time 
we were at work in the Nauvoo Temple, officiating in the ordi- 
nances, the mob had learned that 'Morraonism' was not dead, as 
they had supposed. We had completed the walls of the temple, 
and the attic story from about half way up the first windows, 
in about fifteen months. It went up like magic, and we com- 
menced officiating in the ordinances. Then the mob commenced 
to hunt for other victims; they had already killed the Prophets 
Joseph and Hyrum in Carthage jail, while under the pledge of 
the State for their safety, and now they wanted Brigham, the 
President, and the Twelve Apostles, who were then acting as the 
presidency of the Church. 

"I was in my room in the temple; it was in the south-east 
corner of the upper story. I learned that a posse was lurking 
around the temple and that the United States marshal was wait- 
ing for me to come down, whereupon I knelt down and asked 
my Father in heaven, in the name of Jesus, to guide and protect 
me that 1 might live to prove advantageous to the Saints. I 
arose from my knees and sat down in ray chair ; there came a 
rap at my door. I said, 'come in ;' and Brother George D. 
Grant, who was then engaged driving my carriage and doing 
chores for me, entered the room. Said he, 'Brother Brigham, 
do you know that a posse and the United States marshal are 
h(-n,-?' I told him I had heard so. On entering the room 
Brother Grant left the door open. Nothing came into my mind 
what to do, until looking directly across the hall, I saw Brother 
■William Miller leaning against the wall. As I stepped towards 
the door I beckoned to him ; became. Said I to him, 'Brother 
William, the marshal is here for mu ; will you go and do just as 
I tell you? If you will, I will serve them a trick.' I knew 
that Brother Miller was an excellent man, jicvfectly reliable and 
ca|)able of carrying out my jiroject. Said I, 'here, take my 
cloak;' but it happened to be Ueber C. Kimball's; our cloaks 



were alike in color, fashion and size. I threw it around his 
shoulders and told him to wear my hat and accompany Brother 
George D. Grant. He did so. I said to Brother Grant, 'George, 
you step into the carriage and look towards Brother Miller, and 
say to him, as though you were addressing me, 'Are you ready 
to ride?' You can do this and they will suppose Brother Miller 
to be me, and proceed accordingly,' which they did. 

"Just as Brother Miller was entering the carriage the marshal 
stepped up to him, and, placing his hand upon his shoulder, said, 
'You are my prisoner.' Brother William entered the carriage 
and said to the marshal, 'I am going to the Mansion House, 
won't you ride with me?' They both went to the Mansion 
House. There were my sons Joseph A., Brigham, Jr., and 
Brother Heber C. Kimball's boys, and others who were looking 
on, and all seemed at once to understand and partake of the 
joke. They followed the carriage to the Mansion House and 
gathered around Brother Miller, with tears in their eyes, saying, 
'Father,' or 'President Young, where are you going?' Brother 
Miller looked at them kindly, but made no reply; and the 
marshal really thought he had got 'Brother Brigham.' 

Lawyer Edmonds, who was then staying at the Mansion 
House, appreciating the joke, volunteered to Brother Miller to 
go to Carthage with him and see him safely through. When they 
arrived within two or three miles of Carthage, the marshal with 
his posse stopped. They arose in their carriages, buggies and 
wagons, and, like a tribe of Indians going into battle, or as if 
they were a pack of demons, yelling and shouting, they 
e.xclaimed, 'We've got him! we've got him! we've got him !' 
When they reached Carthage the marshal took the supposed 
Brigham into an upper room of the hotel, and placed a gaurd 
over him, at the same time telling those around that he had 
got him. Brother Miller remained in the room until they bade 
him come to supper. While there, parties came in, one after 
the other, and asked for Brigham. Brother Miller was pointed 
out to them. So it continued, until an apostate 'Mormon,' by 
the name of Thatcher, who had lived in Nauvoo, came in, sat 
down and asked the landlord where Brigham Young was. The 
landlord, pointing across the table to Brother Miller, said, 
'That is Mr. Y^oung.' Thatcher replied, 'Where? I can't see 
any one that looks like Brigham.' The landlord told him it was 
that fat, fleshy man, eating. 'Oh, h— 1 !' exclaimed Thatcher, 
'that's not Brigham, that is William Miller, one of my old 
neighbors.' Upon hearing this, the landlord went, and, tapping 
the marshal on the shoulder, took him a few steps to one side and 
said, 'You have made a mistake; that is not Brigham Y'oung, it 
is William Miller of Nauvoo." The marshal very much 
astonished, exclaimed 'Good heavens ! and In passed for Brig- 
ham !' He then took Brother Miller into a room, and turnint; 
to him said, 'What in h— 1 is the reason you did not tell me your 
name?' Brother Miller replied, 'You have not asked me my 
name?' 'Well,' said the marshal, with another oath, 'what is 
your name?' 'My name,' he replied, 'is William Miller.' 
Said the marshal, 'I thought your name was Brigham Young. 
Do you say this for a fact?' 'Certainly I do,' said Brother 
Miller. 'Then,' said the marshal, 'why did you not tell me this 
before?' 'I was under no obligations to tell you,' replied 
Brother Miller, 'as you did not ask me.' Then the marshal, in 
a rage, walked out of the room, followed by Brother Miller, who 
walked off in company with Lawyer Edm.inds, Sheriff Baek- 
enstos and others, who took him across lots to a place of safety; 
and this is the real pith of the story of 'Bogus' Brigham, as far 
as I can recollect." 

Among the members of the Church who resided at that 
time at Nauvoo. Brother Miller was, in consequence of his 
thus per.sonating President Young, known as "Bogus Brig- 
ham," and by many of them he was called by that name up 
to the time of his death. 

(Tu be Continued.) 




Hk who has not .suffered, knows not what he has to gain. 




>i5)i" 



""^^^rv^ 



CTTJirilll^ILEl insrSTI?.TJGTOI?.. 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



[Continued from jJage '279 in Vol. .ci-i). 
/"^OLOG-NE is quite an important manufacturing and export- 
^ in? center. Silks, cotton and woolen goods, the celebrated 
Cologne water, which is noted for its pleasant odor, and many 
other articles "are manulactured here; and, as the Rhine 
river is broad and deep enough to carry ships of three or four 
hundred tons without danger from this place to the North 
Sea, it has some commercial advantages. 

On the opposite side of the river from Cologne lies the old 
town, Deutz, which is nearly if not quite as old as the former 
city. It is noted for its beautiful gardens and walks, and as 
Cologne is deficient in these things, therefore, a great many 
people spend their Sundays and public holidays in Duetz. 
The two cities are joined by a good substantial iron bridge, 
and there is also a boat bridge that crosses the Rhine at this 
place. 

One of the oldest and formerly one of the most noted 
universities of Germany, is to be found in Cologne, and many 
other schools of a high order exi.?there. Also many libraries, 
museums, picture galleries, etc., are to be seen. 

I satisfied myself fully with sight-seeing in the city, and 
then took the train direct for Ludwigshifen. in which place I 
remained several day?, vifriting among the Saints. 

From this latter city, I accompanied an Elder from Zion to 
the city of Stuttgart, situated in the kingdom of Wurttem- 
berg, where some new converts had recently been made, and 
a new branch of the Church had been organized. On arriv- 
ing at this place, we found good order existing among the 
Saints, and the majority of them were endeavoring to live 
their religion. Some little unpleasantness, however, existed, 
caused by one member making remarks and criticising the 
actions of another. Still, this did not surprise us very much, 
as we had expected that Satan would attempt to plant discord 
and di.-union in this place, as he had attempted to do in every 
other newly organized branch. Some little instruction and 
exhortation were required in order to place matters in a proper 
condition again, but the Lord worked upon the hearts of the 
Saints so that they were, as a rule, willing to hear and heed 
the counsel given. 

The people in this city seem to be much more religiously 
inclined than those of any part of Germany whore I have yet 
been, and as the people generally are permitted to believe 
what doctrine plca.ses them best, as long as they obey the 
laws of the land, therefore we find quite a number of sects in 
this city. The Baptists have no doubt obtained as many con- 
verts as any other denomination. Our meetings have also 
been held in this city for several months, and, although many 
newspapers have published falsehoods concerning us, and 
.some preachers have spoken against our being permitted to 
continue our labors, still the officers of the government have 
not opposed us in any way. The prospects are very good for 
a great work to be done at some future time in Stuttgart and 
the surrounding country. 

This city, the capital and head city of Wurttemberg, con- 
tains some one hundred and fourteen thousand inhabitants. 
It i.s also the residence of the king, and is situated near the 
center of the kingdom in a beautiful, though not very large, 
valley. The nice, gently sloping hills surrounding this valley 
are covered with thriving vineyards, from which a very good 



quality of wine is obtained ; the quantity is also very large, 
thus giving rise to the expression that "Stuttgart has more 
wine than water." The French, on seeing this city and its 
surrounding hills covered with grape vines, exclaimed. "The 
inhabitants would be drowned in wine, if they did not take 
the precaution to gather the grapes from the vines." 

The city itself contains many fine public and private build- 
ings. The streets are more regular than those of most cities 
of its size, and are kept scrupulously clean. The place is also 
generally free from the smoke and fog, which make the large 
cities so disagreeable. As a rule, the people appear to be 
industrious and intelligent, which accounts for the thrift to be 
seen on every side. The principal industry is printing, 
although other industries are carried on to a great extent. 

Stuttgart is mentioned for the first time in history in the 
year 1229, but the place was no doubt founded several hun- 
dred years previous to this time. 

Cannstadt, situated a few miles from Stuttgart, was for- 
merly the principal city of the kingdom, but the latter city 
gained the ascendancy about the time when it was iirst his- 
torically noticed. It was in the possession of the counts of 
'Wurttemberg, the principal one of whom was Eberhard I., 
the illustrious, who was compelled to guard his possessions at 
all times from the inroads of the avaricious Rudolf von 
Hapsburg. The former was finally compelled, in the year 
1286, to retire to his fortified city, Stuttgart, and he was there 
besieged for seven weeks by his enemy before surrendering. 

It is said that during this siege, the soldiers inside the city 
filled up the holes made by the battering rams of the enemy 
with their own bodies. An agreement was made at last that 
the fortifications surrounding the city should be demolished, 
as a punishment to the people for having made such deter- 
mined resistance. This was accordingly done, but as soon as 
the forces of Rudolf withdrew. Eberhard began to rebuild the 
wall, which caused him to again come in collision with hia 
rival, receiving also another humbling. Only a short time 
elapsed before the forces of these leaders were again marshalled 
one against the other, when Eberhard was defeated for the 
third time. 

The death of Eberhard did not even put an end to the 
difficulties existing between Stuttgart and its neighbors. The 
grandson of Eberhard I., bearing the same name, led the 
forces of his native city in all the wars which occurred 
between the dates of 1344 and 1392, and in most of which he 
was the conqueror. 

Disturbances continued to exist during the entire reign of 
the successor of this monarch, and only at the time when 
Ulrich v., the much-loved, assumed control of affairs, did 
matters begin to take a peaceful turn. This chief encouraged 
immigration into the city, and in order to give protection to 
all his suVijccts, he enlarged the city considerably, and sur- 
rounded the same with a strong wall. 

The peace established by this man was encouraged and 
promoted by Eberhard Y., the first duke of Wurttemberg. 
This latter person was greatly loved by bis people, and it is 
said that ia a large convention held at Worms, when other 
lords and dukes were boasting of their beautiful fields, rich 
mines, extensive forests, etc., he arose and said that his land 
was not so rich, his possessions were not so great, but what 
was still bettor, he could peacefully and with security place 
his head to rest in the lap of every one of his .subjects. 

A beautiful monument of white marble had just been 
erected in the garden of the king's residence, a few weeks 
before my visit to Stuttgart, to commemorate this event. It 



^^o 



m 




O'TJ^EIsriLE HSrSTZR^TJOTOI?.. 




represents the duke lying on the ground and pleasantly sleep- 
ing with his head in the lap of a humble shepherd. 

The peaceful and happy reign of this duke was succeeded 
by a very unpleasant one. Ulrich, who reigned from 149S to 
1550, did not take into consideration the feelings of his people 
as he should have done, and while they were suffering for the 
want of food, he was living in the midst of grandeur with the 
richest kind of eatables. It is said that at his wedding he 
even had one hundred and thirty six oxen, one thousand 
eight hundred calves and other things in proportion, prepared 
to please the taste of the many nobles who were present on 
the occasion. Such actions naturally displeased the inhabi- 
tants of the city, and it, in fact, led to an insurrection, when 
the cry sounded through the place, "the lords shall not be 
longer masters; the rich must divide with the poor." 

The duke, fearing lor his lile, fled from the city, and after 
counseling with his knights and nobles, decided on changing 
the laws and regulations so as to give the people more free- 
dom ; by this means he regained his place in Stuttgart, but 
he was soon compelled to fac^ new troubles, as some of his 
powerfnl neighbors desired to gain possession of the whole 
country. 

{To he Contimted.) 

DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 



THE monthly meeting of the Union was held on Monday 
evening, December 5th, J 881, at the Assembly Hall; 
Assistant General Superintendent Goddard, presiding. 

Meeting opened with an anthem by the 19th Ward Sun- 
day school choir, led by Professor Beezley ; prayer by Super- 
intendent P. A. Elkins and singing by the choir. 

The minutes of last meeting were read and approved. 

Superintendent Goddard according to previous announce- 
ment, delivered a lecture on Sunday school reviews, 
which, though short, contained many useful hints and practi- 
cal suggestions. On motion of Brother Richards, it was 
unanimously resolved that the lecture be published in the 
Instrdctor. 

Treasurer George Reynolds stated that at the last meeting 
of the general officers and committees of the Union, it was 
decided to send the surplus of music cards, then on hand, to 
some of the distant Sunday schools in new settlements, that 
could not afford to purchase them. He and Brother J. C. 
Cutler were appointed to forward them. He then read a 
letter from the Manassa Sunday school, in Colorado, signed by 
superintendent William L. Ball, gratefully acknowledging the 
interest manifested in their behalf by the Union. 

Brother Reynolds observed that while listening to the 
excellent address they had just heard, an idea impressed him, 
to which he would call attention. The meaning of the word 
"review," is to view something again; and he felt that the 
exerci.ses of Sunday school reviews should consist, at least in 
part, of those things the .school had been studying since the 
previous review. This matter he thought an important one, 
as a review should show the general progress of a school. 

Assistant Stake Superintendent T. E. Taylor, spoke briefly 
in favor of the ideas that had been presented. 

Superintendent Thomas V. Williams, of the 12th Ward 
Sunday school, heartily endorsed the thoughts advanced by 
the previous speakers. He had alwa3's looked upon such 
reviews as a means of producing good results in our .schools. 
At a teacher's meeting of his Sunday school, they had 
agreed to have weekly reviews of classes. The plan they had 



adopted was to give a two weeks' notice to each class for pre- 
paration. This notice is given from the stand after the read- 
ing and approval of the school minutes. And, while every 
class is expected to be ready at the appointed time, the matter 
is so arranged that the members cannot know when their turn 
comes until they are notified, thus giving each class an equal 
chance and keeping its members on the alert. One class is 
reviewed each Sunday, and thus, during the half year all the 
classes in turn will have been reviewed and ready for a general 
review. This plan does not interfere with the general exer- 
cises of the .school. In these class reviews, the teachers have 
the privilege of introducing recitations, readings, songs, and, 
in short, a variety of suitable exercises, thus drawing out the 
talents of the pupils and doing away with monotony. Each 
class tries to excel, and altogether the plan has a 
very good effect in their school. He was pleased to see the 
great interest taken in the welfare of our youth and offered 
these ideas hoping they would benefit other schools. 

Assistant Superintendent William Hopwood said he felt 
proud to be associated with the 17th Ward Sunday school, 
which, as had been remarked, was the first, under Super- 
intendent James Dwyer, to hold quarterly reviews, as also to 
organize a martial band. He did not say this, feeling that 
they were ahead of other schools, for evidently others were 
now surpassing them in these things. Felt that we should 
not be discouraged in the good work of educating our children 
in the principles of righteousness, for although some of them 
may not appreciate our labors now as they should do, yet the 
time will probably come when they will feel to bless us for our 
efforts in their behalf 

Elder Reynolds announced that Superintendent Thomas C. 
Griggs would deliver a lecture at the next meeting, on mu.sic 
in our Sunday schools. He called attention to a small work 
on "Intemperance," by Brother William Jefferies, of Grants- 
ville, printed and for sale at the In.structor office. The 
author's aim was to promote morality, and he had treated his 
subject in a very able manner. The speaker also strongly 
urged all to sustain the Instructor, which was published, 
not for the purpose of making money, but to benefit the 
youth of this people and instruct them in the principles of truth. 

Superintendent Goddard observed that this was the sixty- 
sixth anniversary of his birthday, and as reviews was the sub- 
ject for this evening, he felt like reviewing some of the events 
of his life. He then related interesting reminiscences of his 
life, in a graphic and pleasing manner. He had endeavored 
to keep the Word of Wisdom, and felt thankful that he was 
so healthy and enjoyed life. Spoke in favor of the In.structor 
and "Faith-Promoting Series;" remarked that there is no 
place where the welfare and education of the children 
generally are sought for more than with this people. He 
believed that with our primary associations, Sunday schools, 
mutual improvement associations and other means of improve- 
ment there is no occasion for any to grow up without, at least, 
the benefits of a eommon education. 

Music by the 19th Ward Sunday .school martial band, 
under Professor Beezley, at the beginning and close of the 
meeting; singing by the choir of the .same school and a solo 
on the organ by Professor .Joseph.!. I )aynes contributed to 
render the meeting interesting and enjoyable. 

The 20th Ward Sunday school was appointed to furnish 
music and doorkeepers at the next regular meeting to be 
hold on Monday, January 9th, 1882. 

Dismi.s.sed with benediction by Superintendent James 
Woods. 



} ^yisy^ 





Cr TJ "V^EH^ I Xj El IISrSTI?.TJGTOI?.. 




REVIEW OF AX ACTIVE LIFE. 



BY G. G. 



I WAS born in the town of Leicester, England, on the 5th 
of December, 1815, of goodly parents, both of whom were 
members of the Episcopal or Established Church of England. 
I had six brothers and one sister, whose names were Ann, 
Joseph, Henry, Edward, Cornelius, James and Charles. We 
were taught to observe the strictest rules of morality and 
attend the Church services every Sabbath day. 

I never saw my father or any of my brothers intoxicated or 
heard them use profane language. 

From my earliest recollection I was religiously inclined, and 
took particular pleasure in reading aloud the responses con- 
nected with the services of the Church of England. 

I received a common school education, and at the age of 
thirteen and a half years, I was apprenticed to a Baptist 
deacon for seven years, to learn the trade of grocer and tallow 
chandler. iMy father paid one hundred and fifty dollars to 
him to find me board and lodging during that term, besides 
teaching me the business. The life and experience of an 
apprentice in those days was a pretty hard one. 

The nature of the candle-making business necessitated 
early rising, and that of a grocer, late hours at night, so that 
during several months in the year the hours of labor were 
from four in the mornicg until ten in the evening; this, how- 
ever, was no particular trial to me, as I was always fond of 
work, and took pleasure in doing all I could to enhance the 
interest of my master. During the first two or three years of 
my apprenticeship, I acquired a thorough knowledge of some 
branches of drudgery, .'■uch as cleaning shoes, making fires on 
cold frosty mornings in a room without windows and in which 
the bleak winds of winter freely circulated, cleaning windows, 
straightening up things generally, and being at the beck and 
call of an older apprentice. 

I don't remember having spent one whole day's absence 
from business for amusements. I never went once to a 
theatre or a dance, but work, work, work, was the watchword 
from January to December. 

Scores of nights have I labored all night long, dipping 
candles, when all the rest were in bed (the weather being too 
warm in the day time), without any expectation of fee or 
reward. 

Many a night my master has come to where I was at work 
between ten and eleven o'clock at night, with a long pipe in 
his mouth, which he always indulged in before going to bed, 
and said, "George, lad. empty your mould and go to bed," 
and my reply invariably was, "No, sir; I intend to finish 
tlicsc candles first." 

"When do you expect to get through?" 

"About four or five in the morning." 

I thus spent seven long years of active, faithful labor with- 
out any wages whatever. My parents during that time diil 
my washing and found me in clothes. Hut I earned what T 
found in alter life to be a precious jewel, namely, a good 
character. Solomon >ays a good name is better than riches. 
I believe it. 

Seven years might seem to .some persons a very long time 
to serve to learn a trade. To work seven years without get- 
ting pay would seem to be makinir a very great sacrifice. It 
would be to one who Karned in that time nothing that would 
benefit him in after lift;; but I have never regarded my 
apprenticeship as time and money thrown away by any means. 



The habits of unselfish industry, punctuality, perseverance and 
integrity acquired during that portion of my life have been 
of incalculable benefit to me since that time, and have 
established in me a reputation that I can look back upon with 
pride and satisfaction, and humble thankfuluess to my 
Heavenly Father that in His kind providence I was thrown 
into circumstances which prepared me for future active useful- 
ness in His kingdom. 

I never left a situation in after life except on my own 
accord, leaving behind me a good name, and with my 
employers alwaj's glad to see me and speak well of me. I 
always set a high value on my character, and saw that I must 
respect myself if I would be respected. 

I often think of the wonderful change that has taken place 
since the days of those old apprenticeship laws of fifty years 
ago. Youth at the present time can form no conception of it. 
We are living in a fast age. Young people are impatient of 
restraint. Boys want to rank as men just as soon as possible. 
The old-time plodding process of development is growing out 
of date with many people. But I can assure my young 
friends that character is worth as much to-day as ever, and it 
yields a good dividend. I therefore say to the youth of Zion, 
never suffer yourselves to be discharged by your employer for 
lack of industry or honesty, but in every situation you may 
occupy, strive by your punctuality, integrity, industry, truth- 
fulness, and sobriety to establsh for yourselves a character 
that will prove a passport to you in alter life, no matter where 
your lot may be cast. And by educating yourselves to habits 
of self-denial, by observing the Word of Wi.sdom and con- 
forming to the duties and requirements of the gospel in what- 
ever Ward you reside, you will not only secure the blessing 
and confidence of your Heavenly Father, but the constant 
enjoyment of His Holy Spirit, which makes all the burthens 
of the kingdom sit light and easy. Your Bi^hn]) then will 
also find pleasure and satisfaction in aiding you to attain to 
every blessing connected with the kingdom of Ood, by giving 
you a good recommend. But T learned something else besides 
work during my apprenticeship, and I must allude to that : 

My father u.sed to say, he never made a greater mistake 
than sending me to a Baptist deacon to learn a trade. In 
early youth, having been taught to read and revere the holy 
scriptures, I could not reconcile the pride and worldly minded- 
ness of those connected with the church of England, with 
the simplicity and devotion that characterized the early 
Christians in the days of our Savior and the apostles. 

With these impressions I entered my new home under the 
roof of the Baptist deacon. He had a son about my age 
with whom I worked during the week. We became much 
attached to each other. Occasionally I went with him to the 
Sunday school, and then to the Baittist meeting, and, noticing 
more simplicity, union and earnestness connected with the 
Baptists thau those of the Episcopal church, 1 soon cast in 
my lot with that people and became entirely weaned from the 
church of ray fathers. 

.\I1 those who made a profession of religion and were not 
connected with the Church of England were called dissenters, 
so I became a dis.senter, which was a .source of grief to my 
parents. 

There were two kinds of Baptists in tho.se days, called 
General Baptists and Particular Baptists. I attended the 
meetings of the latter during most of the seven years of my 
apprenticeship. 

I must not omit to mention an interesting portion of my 
experience while pas.sing through these years of toil — that of 



^^3^ 





CTTJ'^EllSriLEl IISrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 




courtship. I formed an early acquaintance witt a young 
lady about my own age, a near neighbor, living opposite.to 
where I served my apprenticeship. This acquaintacce ripened 
into mutual affection, which finally resulted in a matrimonial 
alliance, which I will refer to "again by and by. 

Thus ended my apprenticeship'.days, which brought me to 
the age of twenty years and six months. It was now deemed 
wisdom for me to go to the great city of London to finish my 
busine.ss education. 

In the year l?3Ci, I started by stage coach for thatdestination, 
and after many hours travel, arrived at the "Swan with .two 
Necks," Ladd Lane, London, the most noted inn or hotel for 
the accommodation of ^travelers and horses at that time in 
London. The arrival and departure of stage coaches to and 
from all parts of the country continued day and night and 
rendered it what might justly be called the stage coach depot. 
I was an entire stranger in that great city, and had but little 
money in my pocket, but having the address of a large whole- 
sale establishment to which my late master had written and 
given my character, I was made welcome in that house for 
board and lodging until I met"with a situation. They told 
me no young man ever came to London with a better character 
than I had earned during the seven years of my apprenticeship. 
[To he Con tinned.) 



NOVEL READING. 



BT JAKUSEE. 




IF even a small fraction of what has been written upon the 
evil results of novel reading would be remembered and 
heeded as it should be, there would be little reason for men- 
tioning the subject again ; for it has been a theme of consid- 
eration in all parts of the world, especially important to the 
young, and dwelt upon most impressively by their instructors. 
But novel reading still continues to an alarming extent, and 
probably always will, while there are young folks to read and 
while there are men and women so blind as to prostitute their 
talents to the production of the improbable, sensational, mis- 
erable stories Which have, already in the world's history, 
brought so much trouble to many a happy home. Where so 
much has been said very little that is original in the way of ad- 
vice can be given; but the practice is one that, from its prev- 
alence and its invariably evil consequences, mu.st not bo al- 
lowed to flourish unnoticed and unchecked. The old plea that 
it was better to read novels than nothing, and that the cheap- 
ness of .such literature placed it within the reach of those who 
could not afford anything better in the way of reading matter, 
is now happily of no force. Several large publishing houses 
in both hemispheres have taken the subject in hand, and have 
succeeded in laying before the public cheaji editions of all 
standard works, so that, no matter how poor the reader may 
be, good authors are always within his pecuniary reach. This 
is a long stride in the direction of reform, and the yellow col- 
ored trash has almost disappeared from our book stores. 
There is yet, however, a tremendims siibscription list to such 
pernicious journals as the innumerable Sultinlini Xie/lils, 
Fircsiile (Jompnnions, etc., which have grown into existence 
and are among the most flourishing in the wliole newspaper 
category. What can possibly be said in defense of this craze 
for such a species of reading matter? No one can say lie was 
benefited. by it in any conceivable way. For the time lieing, 
it is true, it excites the passions (which is one of the most 



dangerous tendencies) and the sympathies are aroused in be- 
half of some imaginary hero or heroine or both. These wor- 
thies, who never had any existence except in the unhealthy 
brain of the author are made to pass through the most won- 
derful adventures, and the climax of bliss is reached when, 
after several chapters of hair breadth e.scapes, the tale ends 
with the marriage of the principal characters. This, varied 
with a few minor attractions, more or less ingenious according 
to the skill of the author, is the general groundwork and plot 
of the mass of sensational rubbish dignified with the name of 
literature. 

Let me cite to the readers of the Instructor an instance 
of what novel reading has done for one family in the country 
whence I am writing. A young man, eighteen years of age, 
has been employed for years in an office, giving general satis- 
faction to his employers, and being looked upon by his 
parents as a dutiful son. His great weakness, however, was 
a passion for the sensational stories of the day, and his bed- 
room he arranged, in true robber style, to be entered only by 
a trap door through the floor. A clumsy, uncomfortable 
hammock had been made to take the place of the nice bed- 
stead, and the clean cheerful walls of his room were covered 
with the disgusting pictures cut from the Police A^eics or some 
similar sheet, in which his own picture is now conspicuous, 
for he lies in jail charged with the murder of two human be- 
ings. A few nights ago his father, hearing a noise in the 
house, arose from his bed and went down stairs to see what 
caused it, when two pistol shots rang out, and he staggered 
back into his room and fell dead to the floor. As the son was 
not found in his room, search was made for him, and investi- 
gation at the office where he was employed showed that in a 
little room, which had to be burst into by the police officers, 
was another dead body, that of an office bo}', horribly muti- 
lated. Beside it lay the bloody knife which had been the un- 
conscious instrument of hurrj-ing a soul into eternity, Fur- 
ther search being made, the young man, the "hero" he would 
probably be called by this time, was found concealed in a 
deserted fowl-house with a loaded pistol in his hand. He sur- 
rendered, however, and after being placed in the cell admit- 
ted that he killed them both without any provocation what- 
ever, and that he only killed the boy "to get his hand in," to 
see if his nerves were steady enough to warrant him in trying 
to take his father's life. A more horrible, bloodthirsty con- 
fession has seldom been made, and further particulars are too 
ghastly to dwell upon in the columns of this paper. This fact 
is significant, though : His first wish after being imprisoned 
was that he might be allowed to have the papers containing 
the account of the tragedy. That he is insane there is little 
doubt, but he has an overwhelming desire to become notorious 
in some way and to get his name before the public. Hence 
the facts as given above. His poor mother, it may well be 
imagined, is nearly heart-broken, and bitterly mourns that 
her son was ever taught to read, for novel reading, she says, 
has been the cause of it all. 

I might be content to conclude my article right here, and 
leave my readers to think the matter over for themselves. But 
I wish just to add, by way of advice, study the scriptures, 
whii'h contain facts more interesting than any novel ; become 
acijuainted with the career of our Savior, who,<e (rodly life and 
labors make him the greatest hero the world ever .saw ; read 
histories and the innumerable good books with which the 
world is filled, and in thorn all you will find treasures of knowl- 
edge worth remembering, besides learning for ynurselves and 
to your own advantage that "truth is stranger than fiction. 




5^ 




(? 



CTTJ^T^EnsriLEl IIsrSTi^TJOTOI?.. 




i;ii^ Juucnili^ Jnf)trurt0![. 



GEORGK q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUOIJTS. 




S« 



I T is ver.y many years since the new year 
opened with so strong, so determined, so 
bitter an opposition towards the Saints 
and the holy principles of the eternal 
gospel as is manifested by the world at 
the commencement of the year of grace, 
18S2. The gospel of the Son of God 
teaches us that charity that thiaketh no 
evil, that covers a multitude of sins, that 
sees the good rather than the evil in mankind ; 
yet we must be blind indeed if we cannot 
perceive that at the present time there is a 
conspiracy, widespread and powerful, embrac- 
ing ail clas-es, but especially led by priests and 
politicians, whose object is to rob the Saints of 
their liberiies, to uproot the principles of truth 
and virtue, to destroy the power of the growing 
kingdom of God, to strangle or crush the man-child 
in the wilderness. 

Need we feir? Need we be surprised? Have we not been 
prophesying of just such days? Have we not been praying 
that God would hasten His righteous work? Has it not been 
told us, time and again, that the great ones of the earth 
would combine together, would hold council in their secret 
chambers, and conspire aaainst the rights and liberties of the 
people of God? And if the time has now arrived that some 
of these things arc about to be brought to pass, we have 
cause rather to rejoice than fear, for it is a sign that the work 
of the Father is progressing on the earth. 

The true Latter-dav Saint knows no fear. Perfect faith 
casteth out all fear. If this had not been (rod"s work it 
would have sunk to nieriteil oblivion long ago. He who 
has preserved us in the past will save us in the future. Our 
only ca''e should be to serve Him. There is our point of 
weaknes.*. our only vulnerable spot. If we forget Him and 
cease to servo Him will He not forget us? No; He will not 
forget His Z,on; but ho may, and undoubtedly will, cause 
us to pass through suoh experience as will bring us back from 
nur forgetfulness and cause us to return to His .service. 
Happy is the people whose God is the Lord, but happier they 
who serve Him continually with clean hands and undivided 
hearts. 

At the present moment, the attack on our liberties is con- 
centrated in the effort to deprive the people of Utah of their 
political franchise, by .scaling a.s their delegate to Congress the 
puppet of a small ring of conspirators, who was rejected by the 
people at the polls, by a majority so overwhelming that, out- 
side those whose tool he is, it may be .said to have been 
almost unanimous. 

ThoUL'h the governor of the Territory of Utah has been 
(he most conspicious actor in the traitorous attempt to deprive 
the citizens of a whole Territory of their political rights, by 
giving the certificate of election to the man rejected by the 



'S-^ 



people, yet the evidence is strong and accumulating that he 
was not the highest functionary in the nation who was con- 
cerned in the conspiracy. Though since he committed this 
criminal blunder (for blunder it will prove), three presidents 
of the Uaited States have held power, he has not been 
removed from the office he so signally disgraces ; and ,so far 
as we know, not one word of reproof or condemnation with 
regard to his co-irse has ever been sent to him by the national 
authorities at Washington. While, on the other hand, the 
people who have been so grievously outraged have been 
and are being traduced, slandered, vilified and threatened by 
all classes of their fellow-citizen from the late lamented 
president of the nation to the assassin who stands charged 
with his murder. Much of this we know is done in ignorance, 
but far too often that ignorance is willful and therefore not 
excusable. 

Again, there are undoubtedly many noble examples of 
individuals who have the moral courage to tell the truth about 
the "Mormons," which probably at the present day is the 
highest manifestation of moral courage that can be shown. 
A man may be a murderer, a highwayman, a defaulter, any- 
thing, and he will not be insulted, ridiculed, abused and lied 
about as he will be, however pure, honest, noble or patriotic 
his life, if it be supposed that he sympathizt's with the 
Latter-day Saints or desires to see them treated as other 
citizens of this great republic are — that is guarded in their 
rights, protected in their liberties, and allowed the privilege 
of worshiping God according to the dictates of their con- 
sciences. 

It is no doubt the intention of those who are assailing the 
Saints to press for vigorous legislation during this session of 
Congress, whether they succeed in seating their man or not. 
For this purpose, for many months past, a determined effort 
has been made, not only to shape public opinion, but to arou,se 
it to fever heat in excitement against the Saints. The .same 
class of willful misstatements, direct falsehoods, and sanguio- 
ary appeals have been made as characterized the epoch 
immediately preceding the Buchr.nan war of infamous mem- 
ory. And to-day we have a president who has gone out of 
his way to give the weight of official sanction to the charges 
against the Saints by the passage of the message alluding to 
Utah. We have a political party in power who make the 
destruction of our religious liberties a prominent plank in their 
platform. We have a speaker in the House of Representa- 
tives who evidently sympathizes with those who would rob 
the citizens of Utah of their rights and who uses his position 
in their interest, and who, having the compo.sition of the 
committees of the House in his hands, can form them of men 
inimical to the interests of Utah. Further, we have opposed 
to us a hireling priesthood, who unite to agitate the public 
mind, knowing well their craft is in danger, and a host of 
political understrappers, whose watchword is, "In the name 
of the Lord let us rob somebody," but who always plunder 
the weak, the unpopular, and the defenseless, lest they be 
called to answer for their crimes. And the "Mormons," 
being now considered of all people in this va.st Union the 
most defenseless and unpopular, and having withal con- 
siderable of the good things of this world that are worth 
•stealing, these camp followers of civilization .'ire all abundantly 
concerned in the advantages to be realized in robbing us. 

But God lives. This is His work. He is stronger than all 
our enemies, more powerful than the wicked in ten thousand 
worlds. To-day they are, and to-morrow are not, but He is 
everlasting. They are in His hands; so are we, and we can 



m 




CTTJ'VEISriLE in^STI?.TJGTOI?.. 




afford to trust Him, and that implieitly. To doubt Him 
would be worse than the sin of ingratitude, for the annals of 
the Latter-day Saints are crowded with the history of the 
manifestations of His power exerted in their behalf and for 
their preservation. 

The storm, 
however wild- ^fyi^m 
ly it rages, will 
blow over, the 
calm will fol- 
low; apd we 
shall grow 
stronger and 
stronger, but 
quicker or 
slower accord- 
ing to the 
faithful ness 
with which we 
adhere to His 
laws and keep 
His command- 
ments. 

To the youth 
of Zion these 
truths are all 
important 
The weight ol 
healing ofi 
the cause oi 
the kingdom 
is descei d ng 
upon their 
shoulders. 
Very much 
according to 
the lives they 
lead, their in- 
tegrity, hu- 
mility, de- 
votedness, zeal 
towards God. 
and the pur 
ity, chastity, 
industry and 
temperance of 
their indi- 
vidual lives, 
will future 
eveuts be 
shaped. None 
o f u s can 
claim that our 
future history 
will be all 
the same 
wliether we bo 
true to God 
and the truth, 
or give way to 
the sins and 




indulgences introduced into our midst and crowded upon 
us by those who add insult to injury by first presenting 
the temptation and then reviling those who fall into their 
snares. It will not be the same to us individually or as a 
community. The reckoning day will come and mercy will not 

defraud jus- 
tice ; mercy 
cannot present 
her claims un- 
til repentance 
has followed 
the misdeeds 
either of men 
or nations. 

Utah may 
be a small 
place, her peo- 
ple few and 
her iLfljeLC3 
insignificant; 
but it is not 
Utah that is 
being fought. 
Utah may be 
called an ac- 
cident in the 
warfare. It 

is the kingdom 
of God that 
creates the 
turmoil. That 
is great, and 
strong and 
powerful ; its 
principles will 
overturn and 
overthrow all 
that exists 
now and holds 
sway on the 
earth, that is 
base and vile, 
corr u p t i b 1 e 
and born or 
begotten of 
Satan. This 
is why theie 
is so intense 
a struggle 
over so ap- 
parently small 
a people and 
so insignifi- 
cant a cause. 
Bat the great 
truth known 
to us, though 
hidden from 
them, is, 
that it is 
the great 




<£y^<, 



FLOWKll HARVEST (SKK I'AdE 10) 




^ 




'■s.<st 



lO 



j"TJ^Eism-.:E] iisrsTi?.TJOTOi^. 




final struggle for the possession of the earth, between right 
and wrong, truth and error, God and Satan. 



FLOWERS AND THEIR PER- 
FUMES. 



BT ANNIE. 



"To me, the meanest flower that blows, ean give 
Thoughts that often lie too deep for tears." 

HOW beautiful, how pure are flowers — earth's fairest 
ornaments. They have a language of their own, and are 
fit emblems of beautj- and adornment for the living and the 
dead. They inspire the muse for poets of every clime. They 
were the favorite theme of Burns, who loved like a swe atheart 
the blue bells of Scotland, and brought into fame the modest 
"Wee mountain daisy." There never was a poet who did 
not love them, for their little souls speak worlds of poesy and 
song. They are the pets of the English household ; the pride 
and emblem of every land. 

The Irish love, as their country, the .shamrock ; the English, 
the rose; and the Americans popularize the glorious sun- 
flower. In the Holy Land, a great variety of sweet-scented 
flowers abound, and they were highly esteemed in ancient 
times, and still are in Oriental lands, for their perfumes. We 
read in the scriptures of the prophets and wise men of the 
East using precious perfumes and ointments which were very 
costly. When Mary poured the precious ointment upon the 
head of the Savior, which ran down to His feet. His disciples 
seeing it, were indignant, and said it might have been sold for 
much, and the proceeds given to the poor. By this, we under- 
stand how expensive these perfumes were. Frankincense, 
myrrh and spices were used in great abundance for perfum- 
ing. The women in ancient days, were in the habit of using 
perfumery freely on their persons, their garments and their 
beds. Perfumes were used in the temple .service, in 
incense and ointment, but it was not customary to use it in 
mourning. Flowers, we see, are not only to beautify the 
earth but they are also of great value for their fragrant and 
medicinal properties. 

The ancient habit of u.'ing perfumes, has never waned, 
but, on the contrary, has rather increased, for thousands of 
dollars are now made annually in France by their manufac- 
ture. 

Until recently, it was thought that perfumes were obtained 
by di>tillation alone, but a proce.ss called intlfiiraf/r, has lately 
been brought to light which has existed for over two centu- 
ries. The process is a ."imple one, and we might all make 
our own perfumes if we so wished, and thus obtain an exquis- 
ite luxury without incurring much expen.'-e. This manu- 
facture is carried on principally in the A'alley of the A'ar, in 
the south of France, where acres of the most beautiful and 
fragrant fiowers abound. 

In the picture, we see farmers of the Var reaping the flower 
harvest. It is a beautiful as well as profitable employment. 
The women and children, mostly, gather the flowers, and 
carry them in little panniers, like fishermen's baskets, to the 
laboratorj- of flowers, where they undergo the proper process 
for the extraction of the fragrant odors. The principal thing 
is to c'lnden-e the breath of the flower while the blossom still 
lives and retains all its properties. The blossoms are laid on 
grea.se, spread on framed glass, called rhaaaix. Every few 
days, the wilted or dried blo.s.soms are replaced by fresh ones, 



but the same grease remains as long as the plant in use yields 
flowers. Each time the flowers are changed it is necessary to 
mix up the grease with a knife, so as to ofi'er a fresh surface 
to absorb the odor. When the plant ceases to produce blos- 
soms the grease is scraped off the chas.se, melted and strained. 
The scented oil is then infused into strong alcohol, and the most 
exquisite preparations of all varieties of perfumes are thus 
obtained. 



AN EXPLORINQ TRIP. 



BY B. F. S. 



AS ihe Latter-day Saints are increasing and the veterans are 
fast passing away, a few items concerning their labors in 
exploring the valleys which we now inhabit may be of interest 
to juvenile readers. 

In November, 1849, an exploration company of fifty men 
was organized, with Parley P. Pratt president, Pavid Full- 
mer and W. W. Phelps as counselors, and John Brown as 
captain. 

With twelve wagons, each drawn by three to four yoke of 
oxen, and four men to each wagon, also one carriage, we left 
where Salt Lake City now stands, on the 23rd of November. 
Traveling south to Utah Valley, we encountered a severe 
snow storm the first night. We crossed Dry Creek, American 
Fork and Battle Creek, the last so named on account of some 
thieving Indians having located there to prey upon the "Mor- 
mon" cattle, and when a company had been sent out to punish 
them, a fight ensued in which a few Indians were killed. 

The next stream we came to was Provo River, whore we 
found a small fort with a few families. One object in making 
a settlement at this place, so far from Salt Lake City, was, 
that fish, with which the Provo abounded, might be obtained 
tbr food, an important consideration in those days when pro- 
visions were so .scarce. 

The next stream reached was Spring Creek, and a little 
beyond was Hobble Creek, so named from one of the breth- 
ren having lost a pair of hobbles there some time previous. 
Springviile is now located upon this stream. 

Next we came to Spanish Fork, which received its name 
from a party of Spaniards having camped at this stream and 
cro.s.sed it while on their way to California many years pre- 
vious. 

Peteetneet, the next stream, where Payson is now located, 
was so called in honor of the Indian chief of that name, who 
was a good friend to the Saints, and who claimed to have been 
warned in a dream that we were the true friends of the 
Indians. Some Indians of his tribe now live in Thistle Valley, 
and are the most highly ci'vilized members of their race in 
Utah. 

Summit Creek, or Santaquin, the next stream cros.sed, was 
named in honor of an Indian, by Brother B. F. Johnson. 

Entering Juab Valley, or as it was then known as Vewab 
(another Indian nani('), the first water we reached was Punjab 
Springs (Stewart's Ranch). The Indians were afraid of 
these .spring!?, as they believed that a big serpent lurked in the 
vicinity, which had devoured an Indian at some time in the 
past. They, therefore, avoided camping here. 

Passing up Salt Creek Canyon, we found a bed of rock 
salt, that aprieared to have been dug into many generations 
before. We also discovered hieroglyphic characters engraved 
on the hardest kind of volcanic rock, that must have been 



?J 



_c/f: 




'■^^"H^^^ 



uTJ'VEILTII-.E IlNrSTI?.TJOTOI^, 



11 



done with very hard tools, which the existing race of Indians 
knew nothing about. Many similar engravings are to be 
found in the vicinity of the Little Salt Lake, in Iron County. 
Crossing the summit into Sanpete, or Sanpitch Valley, the 
first waters found were some springs called by the Indians 
Pawquets, so named from W. W. Phelps, whom they had 
given the spring to, and whom they called Pawquets. 

We journeyed past where Moroni and Fort Ephraim have 
since been built to the present site of Manti. Here we found 
a small company of Saints who had just arrived there from 
Salt Lake, to make a settlement, at the request of the 
Lamanites, who had begun to believe that we were their 
friends. Manti was our outpost for sometime. 

According to our odometer, Manti was one hundred and 
twenty-nine miles from Salt Lake City. 

Perhaps some of the juveniles would like to know what 
kind of an instrument our odometer was, and who invented 
it. When the Pioneers of 1S47 left Winter Quarters on the 
Missouri river, those who kept journals diifered in their esti- 
mates of the number of miles traveled each day. So, Brother 
William Clayton measured around a wagon wheel, to learn 
the distance traveled by every revolution of it, fastened a 
hand saw on the side of the wagon, bored a hole in a spoke 
on the inside of the wheel and inserted a peg in it projecting 
out far enough to strike the saw every time the wheel turned 
around. By keeping count of the number of times the peg 
struck the saw, it was an easy matter to compute the distance 
traveled. But Brother Appleton Harmon made an improve- 
ment upon this, by constructing a cog-wheel, which he attached 
to the wagon, with cogs sufficient to indicate a mile by every 
revolution. That was our "Mormon odometer." 

We were joined at Manti by Brothers Potter, Hambleton 
and Lowrj', and left that place for the south on the 1st of 
December. 

As that was as far south as any of our valleys had been 
explored, we might have pecured some Indians as guides, but 
we preferred to be led by inspiration, as that never errs. 

Of our journey further south I will have something more 
to say hereafter. 



PROVIDENTIAL AID. 



BY W. .1. 



^2i 



THE Lord is ever merciful and kind to his servants who 
fear Him, and who labor to serve Him faithfully. In 
their weakness and comparative ignorance. 

He oall.s the horny-handed, humble sons of toil, 

From bench and anvil, flucli and loom, bank, store and soil ; 

To scatter gospel truths, in everj' earthly zone 

Where Israel's seed now dwell, as by the Lord made known. 

The spirit of insijiration rests upon them from on high. 
The call is heeded. They go forth trembling, weeping and 
pleading with Ood for strength to sustain them in their weak- 
ness, and make their hniiibie labors successful in bringing 
souls to Christ. 

He hears their cry. They are [irccious in His sight. His 
anirels attend their footsteps, 'i'lie Holy (jhost works in and 
through them. The Comforter abides with them, teaching 
them the past, the present, and future. Honest Israel are 
found an<l gathered into the Great Shepherd's earthly fold; and 
there is joy on earth, joy in heaven, and joy and happiness 



iif^_ _^ 



indescribable fill the souls of these humble toilers in the vine- 
yard of the Lord in the.se last days. 

Their cup of joy seems brimming o'er ; peace comes to them 
as the gently flowing river; the heavens above approve their 
course; their Heavenly Father sustains them, and He will do 
so while time shall last. 

What joyful labors! What pleasurable experience! What 
is the wealth, or the tame, or the honor of the earth com- 
pared with them ? Such happiness is the happiness of the 
saved ! Such joy is the joy of the redeemed ! Such experi- 
ences are a portion of the riches of eternity, given as a 
foretaste of the reward of obedience ! And such happiness, 
such joy, and such experiences are granted unto the humble 
but world-despised Elders of Israel, by our kind and indulgent 
Father in heaven. 

The writer of this knows whereof he writes. The remem- 
brance of the past inspires him, and thrills through him, 
and the spirit of these missionary labors burns in his bosom. 
These labors and experiences give the servants of God 
many interesting incidents, many powerful testimonies, and 
many incontrovertable evidences of the goodness and power 
of God, as manifested to His people in this dispensation, 
such as no other class of men can possibly obtain in this or 
any other age. 

These incidents, and testimonies, and evidences, the ser- 
vants of God are desired to contribute for publication, that 
the youth of Israel, and honest Israel everywhere, so far as 
these publications may reach them, may have additional 
ground furnished them upon which to found and increase 
their faith in the living afld true God. 

The writer is willing to contribute his mite to help in the 
good work, so that the object of the editor of the Juvenile 
Instructor may be reached, till his heart is satisfied and his 
joy is full, in seeing the great salvation which shall eternally 
flow unto honest Israel throughout their generations, as the 
glorious result. 

It was my lot to be called, after being seven months in 
the Church, to preach the gospel to my fellow-men, according 
to the ability given me of the Lord. 

I was called to travel in and preside over a district, or por- 
tion of a conference, in England ; and well do I remember my 
feelings after bidding adieu to the president of the conference 
and my predecessor in the district, by whom I had been intro- 
duced to some of the Saints. 

The next day I had to attend a priesthood meeting, at 
which business had to be done, and one particular decision 

rendered. I had been introduced as Elder J , from a 

certain large city. But what was I? A .vouth. A — but what 
is the use of trying to describe myself"? Those without a 
similar experience could not very well understand the kind of 
a being I was then ; and those with such an experience need 
no description. 

In that council sat men of age and experience, and each 
one had been iavorcd witli a longer career in the Church than 
I, P>usiness was attended to. The particular ease referred 
to was laid before the council, and I was looked to as the pre- 
siding officer, and the proper person to give the deci.sion. 

The trying moment had arrived. What was I to do? I 
was discharging my duties to the best of my ability. I 
prayed much in secret. 1 felt under no conilcinnatioti, but I 
had faith in God, for He had blessed nio much duriML' the few 
months I had been in the Church. 

I, therefore, arose at the proper time, ;ind opcncil njy 
mouth, and if ever the Lord spoke through mortal ukim He 




(s 




IS 



0-Cr^E!3SriI-.E IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?/, 







did through me, and gave the decision, which was satisfactorj' 
in every respect. 

But I have no recollection of what that decision was, 
neither do I remember that I ever knew a word that came 
from my lips bj- the inspiration of the Holy Ghost on that 
occasion. I gave God the glory then. I give it to Him now, 
and I ever hope to give it to Him for this honor. 

I was greatly blessed of the Lord. My faith was strength- 
ened; and from that hour, although nearly a quarter of a 
century has rolled into the past, and with it a varied experi- 
ence, I do not remember ever lacking faith to arise and open 
my mouth in the name of the Lord. 

I was once called upon, by letter, to leave my field of labor 
and go to another. No one was requested to meet me in my 
new field. I was not acquainted with any of the Saints 
therein, neither had I the address of any person living there. 
I traveled by rail a part of the journey, and walked the 
remainder— which was about six miles — to a town containing 
a population of about eight or ten thousand inhabitants, 
which was the largest town in my new field of operation. 

On entering the suburbs of this town, I felt a little pecu- 
liar, for the place and people were strange to me, and so was 
I to them. Akhough a few Saints lived there, I did not 
know where to find them. 

I was walking up a long street, with the most of the town 
to the right, into which many streets led from the one in 
which I was traveling, and this feeling was upon me: I will 
walk along, and turn where the Spirit of the Lord directs. 

I had passed a number of streets, and the Sjiirit moved me 
to turn to the right, and travel on the left side of the street 
into which I had turned. 

t did so, and had traveled but a short distance on the side- 
walk when I heard a female voice from an upstair window, 

saj'ing, "Is that Brother J ?" 

I looked up and answered "Yes," and saw the owner of 
the voice, who added. "Step in, I will be down in a minute." 
The patter of feet was heard, and in a few moments I was 
warmlv irrceted by the good lady of the house, whom I found 
to be a sister whu entertained the Klders, and allowed meet- 
ings to be held in her house. 

In fact, I was at the right place— head-quarter.s— which I 
could not possibly have found as easily had I been in posses- 
sion of the address, a.s I did, through being led by the Spirit 
of the 1/onl. 

I will relate another case somewhat akin to this. I had 
received a letter from a brother who was to be my file leader 
for awhile, and with whom I was entirely unacquainted, 
desiring me to meet him at the railway station, in the city of 
Bath, on the arrival of a certain train, on a given date. 

The time came. I was on the platfnrtn. Tlie train arrived. 
Immediately opposite nie a pentleiiiati stepped off. Our eyes 
met. We approached each other with hands extended, and 

•saying almost .siniultaneou.sly, "Brother T , how an^ 

Tou?" "Brother .1 , how are you?" It was the FMct 1 

was notified to meet. 

The pood sister named in the last inciilent. and the brother 
referred to in this, are both rcsident.s of this Territory, and 
thev will readily recognize their connection with these inci- 
dent'". But how were these things brought about? Simply 
by the guidance of the Spirit of the Ix)rd, which leads into 

all truth. 

While traveling in the county of Somerset, England, 
not far from the county of Devon, I suffered throiigh hunger, 
thirst and exposure. 1'as.sing through the town of Welling- 



ton one day, I saw a card announcing "Lodgings to let," 
hanging in the window of a private house. 

Having been without a place to lay my head for a number 
of nights, and seeing that this was a clean, respectable house, 
in a nice locality, I applied for and engaged the lodging, 
although I was a moneyless, foodless, and apparently a friend- 
less wanderer. 

I was moved upon to do this, for I believed the Lord would 
open my way so that I could obtain means to pay for this 
necessary shelter. A day or two after I called at a respectable 
residence, obtained a standing interview at the door with the 
lady of the house, talked the gospel to her, and offered her 
some tracts for sale. She concluded to purchase some, offer- 
ing me a piece of money in payment, but as I could not give 
her change, she told me to keep it, and hoped the blessings 
of the Lord would attend me. 

The amount of this gift was the exact amount I required to 
pay for mj' lodgings for one week, and one week was all I had 
engaged it for. 

But the good lady who was moved upon to bless me with 
this money could not be induced to grant me another inter- 
view, for the Spirit of the evil one had taken possession of 
her. 

I only had the privilege of enjoying my lodgings about five 
nights, for the powers that were at that place informed the 
mistress of the house, who was a widow, and measurably 
dependent, that if she admitted me into her house she would 
have to leave it, and she and her children would be dejirived 
of their emplo.vment, upon which they mainly depended for a 
living. But while 1 did .stay an incident occurred which is 
noteworth.y. 

On the first evening I talked and prayed with the ftiraily, 
and retired to rest without anything to eat. In the morning 
I arose, and left the house after breakfasting on the same 
diet. This occurred the second night and morning. About 
this period my diet for a number of days was raw turnips 
from the field, when I had an opportunity to get any. 

As I was a peculiar man — not ordering supjier or breakfast, 
the curiosity of my landlady and that of a female neighbor 
was aroused. They talked about the strange lodger, referred 
to his remarks about preaching without purse or scrip, and, I 
believe, got an inkling of the turnip diet. 

The result of this was, that the good lady neighbor sent me 
each evening, for two or three evenings, a [liece of bread and 
meat, which I accepted gratefully, and divided carefully for 
suiipcr and breakfast, andiipoii this Hived, fi)r my turnip supply 
was cut ofi, the turnip crop having been taken out of the field. 
On the third evening, I think, on which this ration had 
been .sent me, I had retired to rest, but in a few momenta I 
was called ui>on to "Please to come down stairs." Inquiry 
elicited nothing, and finding the folks below very anxious, I 
partly dressed and descended, and found my hostess and the 
kind neighbor, whose name was (Hark, in a state of excite- 
ment about something. 

,\n apology wa.s hurriedly inaile for calling me np, and then 
the following information was communicated to njc: Mrs. 
Clark's husband was a switchman on the railroad. He was 
on duty that night. ,\liout nine o'clock that evening his 
supper was .sent by his daughter. 

.Inst before her arrival with the supper, her father's duty 
requin-il him to go out of his box-house, and in doing so, he 
stubbed his toe against something. On bringing his light to 
bear upon it, he discovered it to be a nice, new four-pound 
loaf of bread, which he sent home by his daughter. "And,'' 



.^^^i 




■"«^i^i 



crTJ^EiisrirjE ih^sti^tjotoi?..: 



13 



said Mrs. Clark, in conclusion, "the Lord sent me that loaf of 
bread for feeding His servant, and I could not sleep till I had 
made it known to you." 

The question might be asked, "How came that loaf of 
bread on that railroad at night, and close to the watch-box of 
a vigilant officer on duty?" Aye, how? 

I will ask, "How came a silver dollar to fall on a piece of 
ground about one foot square, which had been picked around, 
at the south-east corner ot the temple site in Salt Lake City, 
on the occasion of consecrating and breaking the ground, 
February 14th, 1853?" 

While I was traveling in the eastern part of England, 
near the German Ocean, I was favored of the ]jord in a 
number of ways. 

On one occaision, an Elder and I walked some sixteen miles, 
as near as I can remember, on a Saturday, to visit a branch 
of the Church, at which we designed to spend the Sabbath 
following, holding meetings. . 

We arrived at the house of the president of the branch in 
the afternoon. The family were house cleaning, and, as I 
thought, felt a little embarrassed when we arrived ; for I still 
supposed they were poor, and had little or nothing to offer us 
to eat, till the head of the house came home in the evening 
with supplies, or the wherewith to get them. 

Eight or wrong, these were my thoughts, and, hearing the 
old ocean's roar some two or three miles off, I proposed to my 
companion that we take a walk to the sea shore. This propo- 
sition, I'll adm,it, had not much reason to sustain it, for we 
surely had walked enough that day for reasonable exercise. 
However, it was acceded to, and we took the walk. 

Just before reaching the beach, we were in a wagon road 
which was cut several feet deep through the land, as it was 
higher than the beach, forming a gap through which we 
emerged on to the beach. 

On emerging I immediately looked to the right, and a few 
rods from us was a large fish floundering in a shallow pool of 
water which the receding waves had left there. I went to the 
spot and seized the fish, which I found to be a large Dutch 
plaice or a turbot, weighing perhaps ten or twelve pounds. 
I felt to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in this, in provid- 
ing it to help to feed the president's poor family, and us His 
servants, during our stay. 

We turned around and went immediately 'back to the house 
of the branch president, handed the fish to his wife, and had 
a good time that evening and during the next day. 

In the city of Norwich. I was sent for by Brother D 

to administer to his son, who was very sick. Some other 
brethren were also sent for. We entered the room, saw the 
condition of things, and administered, but without benefit. 
The doctor arrived and attended to his duty. We remained 
standing and anxious. 

The doctor left. I requested Brother D to remove 

all applications from the person of his son. It was done. I 
desired him to wisely clear the room of all present but three 
Elders, and close the door. This was done. 

Then I and Brothers P and W arranged to 

administer continuously, each in turn being mouth, myself 
taking the lead, and not stopping till I gave the signal. We 
commenced; each in turn was mouth, and, feeling that as yet 
iiuthiiig had been aecomijlishcd, I commenced again. I had 
not proceeded far when I felt, by the revelations of the Spirit, 
that the Lord had blessed our administration, and I said, 
"Amen." 




I looked in his face, and oh, what a change! A few 
minutes before he was frothing at the mouth, his features 
were convulsed and distorted, his eves were glaring and 
ghastly, and he had been in this condition for several days. 
But now this had all passed away, his features were compara- 
tively angelic, and he dropped to sleep like a babe at its 
mother's breast. 

He was healed by the power of God, and saved in the flesh 
to come to Utah, and become a useful man — the able and 
pojuilar Tabernacle organist of Salt Lake City —Joseph J. 
Daynes. 

This is an unvarnished narrative of a few of the many 
incidents which occur in the peculiarly eventful history of the 
Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
But we live in an age of infidelity, which is the legitimate 
effect of ceitain existing causes, and many may not believe 
these things— they hardly believe in the existence of a 
Supreme Being, who exercises His power to perform just 
such things as I have written. 

Here I am reminded of the anecdote of the Quaker and 
the infidel student. The skeptical student told the Quaker- 
that he did not believe in the Bible. 

Said the Quaker: "Dost thou believe in France?" 

"Yes; for though I have not seen it, I have seen others 
who have. Besides there is plenty of corroborative evidence 
that such a country does exist. ' ' 

' 'Then thou wilt not believe in anything that thou or others 
have not seen?" 

"No, to be sure I won't." 

"Didst thou ever see thine own brains?" 

"No." 

"Ever see anybody that did?" 

"No." 

"Dost thou believe thou hast any?" 

This was a poser. 

Then there are others who may not altogether disbelieve 
them, but who may regard them as small or trifling matters. 
But He who makes the mammoth makes the mole ! He who 
is the Earth-Creator, the System -Organizer — He who adds 
systems of worlds to systems of worlds, and rolls them into 
their orbits in illimitable space, there to travel in celestial 
order and splendor, governed by infinite wisdom, condescends 
to make the small and trifling blade of grass on this humble 
member of the great family of worlds! And this small and 
trifling blade of grass is as necessary as the earth on which it 
grows, or as the glorious systems of worlds which will eter- 
nally revolve in boundless space as evidences of the glory and 
power of their Great Creator. 

"Think naught a trifle, though small it may appear, 
Small sands make mountains, minutes make the year ; 
Trifles are life — your care to trifles give, 
Or you may die before you learn to live." 

Others, too, believe there is no divine interposition about 
such things, but that they happen so, or transpire in the 
natural order of things. But is it in the natural order of 
things for the ravens to feed men as they did the Prophet 
Elijah; for the widow's oil and meal not to fail; and for men 
to walk in fire unharmed, as did the three Hebrew childien? 
All honest, common-sense persons will answer, "No, it is 
not." 

Neither do some things which I have narrated happen in 
the natural order of things which prevails among uninspirc 
men. But they happen to the inspired servants of God, and 





''i^sh 



14= 



J-TJ^^EITILEl in^TSTI^TJOTOK.. 



they transpire in the natural order of things whieh exists 
between our Heavenly Father and His faithful sons. 

The heavens are open. The Lord communes with man^ 
His ofFsprin?. He watches over His servants, and frequently 
opens their way and provides for them, and attests their 
administration by His presence and power, in a manner that 
is mysterious to those who are ijinorant of the ways of the Lord. 

I testify of His kindness. His providences, the manifes- 
tations of His goodness, and the evidences of His power: 
and the testimony which I record on earth is true, and it shall 
be recorded in the archives on liigh ; and those who read it 
shall meet it joyfully or sorrowfully on their account-rendering 
day whh the Great Judge of all the earth. 



LETTER TO THE 
FOLKS. 



YOUNG 



S.\LT Lake Citv, 

December 20, 1881. 
My De.\r Young Correspondexts : 

J. V. Bluth. — Dear Brother, it is some time since I 
received j'our last kind favor, but I have often read your let- 
ter and now I sit down to -say a few words in answer. You 
say j'ou read my letters in the InstuuckiR with pleasure, 
and you wish I would write more of them. I would ask, 
have my young friends reduced to practice all the hints I have 
thrown out? If so, I know for certain that I have not 
written in vain. You seem to desire some great thing. Are 
you like Naaman, not sati.«fied with the waters of Jordan, but 
desire some classic streams, or the waters of Helican? Have 
you not lived long enough to know that "trifles make the 
sum of human things." Scripture enjoins us not to "despise 
the day of small things." A hint to the wise and the medi- 
tative will often open up a wide field for their study and 
improvement ; such are their own teachers, and such become 
intellieent. Of .such, also, have been most of the great men 
of the earth. Wc should not be like the horse-leech, con- 
tinually crying, "give, give!" but use the material that lies 
around us, or that falls into our hands for our own individual 
benefit. The ne.xt time you write, name a subject you would 
like me to write upon. Y'ou ask me to correct your errors 
in grammar or orthography. I shall with )>leasure do so, as 
one who desires correction is the one who increases in know- 
ledge, wisdom and understanding. One of the most beauti- 
ful pictures in the New Testament is, Paul sitting at the 
feet of Gamaliel, to be taught by him. I love instruction, 
it is the food of my spirit, and I crave it daily. You say, 
"and has only been here four years." This should read, 
hiiif only been, etc. I think you are learning to condcn.se 
the language in which you desire to convey your ideas; write 
again soon. 

n.\NN.\ii M. Peterse.n.— T)ear Sister, for a little girl ten 
years old, your letter is excellent, and the spirit sweet and 
teachable. You say you arc attending school and that you 
love to learn. Your writing and spelling are very good. Do 
not read too many books, but when you get a book full of 
instruction read it over and over till you have fully understood 
it, and then do as it says; the same with my letters, take tl-.c 
hints I give you and reduce them to practice in your daily 
life. In the small space allowed me, I can only give you 
hints, but to the wi,se and thoughtful young person such hints 
will be great helps. One thing 1 would specially enjoin upon 
}-ou — as on all young peoplc^be obedient and dutiful to your 




parents ; do as they bid you, always be ready to help your 
mother in her household duties, and if j'ou have little broth- 
ers and sisters, be kind to them, and talk to them and tell 
them how to be good and how to behave, that they may have 
pretty manners; tell them pretty tales and you will expand 
their young minds, and by this your own mind will become 
fruitful so that you will be surprised at yourself Continue 
to read the Instructor, and never forget to pray every day 
that God will opon your heart and your mind to receive and 
understand all truth in all good books. 

I'^our friend, 

Hannau T. Kino. 



l^upn for tilt ttttU inx0. 



SCKIPTURE ALPHABET. 



A is foi- an-gel, that prais-es the Lord; 

B is for Bi-ble, God's most ho-ly word; 

C is for Ca-naan, the Jews' promised rest; 

D is for Da-vid, whom God oft-en blest; 

E is for Eve, the moth-er of all; 

F is for Fe-lix, who trem-bled at Paul; 

G for Go-liah, wliom Da-vid broimht low; 

H is for heaA-en, where the faith-ful all 

I is for I-saac, the dar-liiig, it seems; 

J is for Jo-seph, wlio told Pha-ra-oh's 

dreams; 
K is fur Ko-r;ih, the reb-el struck dead; 
L is fot Lot, who from Sod-om tied; 
^I is for ]\Io.s-es, the great man of God; 
N is for Xo-ah, who was saved iVom the 

Hood; 
() is for Og, the great gi-ant de-stroyed; 
P is for Pe-ter, wlio Je-sus de-nied; 
Q is for (juails, the curse in dis-guise; 
►S is foi' Sav-ior, and Je-sus is sucli; 
T is for Thom-as, who doubt-ed so much; 
I' is for L/.-zali, who died for liis sins; 
\ is lor \'ash-ti, one of earth's no-ble 

([ueens; 
W is for wliak's, whicli Jon-ah did dread; 
X is for ci-oss, on wliich Je-sus bled; 
V is for yoke, the badge of a slave; 
Z is forZacli-c-us, wlioni Je-sus did save. 



g^.. 




m 



^^ 



CTTJ'^rEn^IIl.El IITSTie.TJGTOI^. 



15 



DIALOGUE. 

Between Mamma, Charlie (age, seven) and Herha-t [age, five). 



BY RHODA SMYTH. 



Charlie. — Mamma, we have tried our very "tightest" to 
be good boys all day long to-day. 

Mamma. — Yes, my dear; I have watched you, and I am 
very pleased to see my little boys succeed so well when they 
try to be good. 

Hebert.— Yes; but, mamma, do you know what you 
promised us if we were good boys? 

C. — I know; ma said she would read us another pretty story 
out of the Bible. 

M. — Well, my dears, we will sit down and I will keep my 
promise, but first I would like to know how much you can 
remember of what I read to you last evening. 
C. — It was about Joseph and his brethren. 
M. — Who was Joseph's father? 
H. — Jacob, and he had twelve sons. 

C. — Yes; but he loved Joseph the best, and he made him 
a coat of many colors. 

H. — Joseph's father kept him home with him while his 
brothers went into the field to herd sheep. 
M.— What did Jacob tell Joseph to do? 
C- — He told him to go and see how his brethren were 
getting along with the sheep, and when they saw him 
coming it made them feel very angry, because they knew 
their father loved him the best. 

H. — Yes; and they were so wicked they made up their 
minds to kill him and cast him into a pit. 

C. — But his brother Reuben was not so wicked as the others ; 
he told them not to kill him, but to leave him in the pit. 

M. — Yes; but Reuben meant to get the others out of the 
way, and then he would take him out of the pit and send him 
home to his father. 

C — And while Reuben was away, the others took him out 
of the pit and sold him to a company of Ishmaelites. 

H. — Yes; and they killed a kid and dipped his pretty coat 
in the blood to take home to their father to make him believe 
that Joseph was killed by a wild beast. 

M. — And what did Reuben do when he returned to the pit 
and found Jo.seph gone? 

C. — He felt very sorry because he meant to deliver him out 
of his brothers' hands and send him home to his father. 

H. — And then they took the pretty coat home, all covered 
with blood, and their father cried when he saw it, because he 
thought Joseph was dead ; but I know what I would have 
done if I had been Joseph. 
M. — Well, what would my little boy have done? 
H. — I would have left my coat at home and then they 
would not dip it into the blood and spoil it. 

M. — Would you, my son? WnW I am very pleased to find 
yoli remember so much of what you hear. What was it 1 
said I would read to-night? 

C. — The story about a man and a woman being struck dead 
for telling a lie. 

M. — Well, I will read that and then you must say your 
prayers and go to bed. 

C. — And if we are good will you read another story 
to-morrow? 
M. — Yes, but now good night, i»iy darlings ! 
Both Boys. — Good night; God bless you, mamma! 




THE OLD AND NE^V YEAR. 



BY LULA. 



Hush ! Do not stir the embers. 
Nor turn the lamp too high. 

While we list to kind December's 
Low, eloquent "Goodbye!" 

The grand old year is lying, 
Outstretched, with lifted hand; 

'Tis finished! he is dying! 
This is his last demand : 

That we greet his fair young offspring, 

The moment he is gone ; 
And bring a kingly offering. 

At the opening of the dawn. 

Like heroes of ancient story. 

No more to toil and delve. 
He goes to his rest and glory— 

The clock is striking twelve I 

In steps his young successor, 

Manly, and true, and just, 
To find he is sole possessor 

Of his father's keys of trust. 

'Tis the Master's work they are doing. 
And the course his father took. 

With honest hand pursuing, 
He writes in the open book: 

That his sire now reposes, 
That his work was nobly done ; 

The account thus promptly closes, 
For eighteen eighty-one 1 

And now for himself he pages, 

Only one figure new, 
But 'twill stand throughout all ages, 

Por eighteen, eighty-two ! 



As a beautiful infant waketh, 
Prom blissful dreams of heaven. 

The dawn of the New Year breaketh, 
The clock is striking seven ! 

I would that all who witness, 

Might strive with the new born year. 
To imitate the fitness 

Of a well spent life s career. 



A nooD mother, when her son was leaving the home of his 
childhood and going out into the great world, knowing that 
he was ambitious, gave him this parting injunction: "My 
son, remember that, though it is a good thing to be a great 
man, it is a great thing to be a good man." No sounder, no 
truer words were ever spoken. A great man may dazzle, but 
a good man is a beacon shining afar, by whose beneficent light 
a multitude are enabled to walk in safety. The best success 
is often achieved by the humblest, and an obscure life, well 
spent, is better than a wicked renown. 



No statue that man places ostentatiously in his window 
is to be compared to the little expectant face pressing against 
the window pane, watching for hi.'S father when his day's occu, 
pation is done. 




^ 




16 



uTJ'VEII^II-.E IZLTSTI^'UGTOI?/. 




EVENING HYMN. 



Music by A. C. 8 
mf 







^=^=ri^=q 



=i=i£p|^= 



-4- 






ZZi^Z 



.:zl; 



--3=^3=q 






For Thy nier 



cics 



free 



giv u, 



ni/ And when mora - ing 



light 



For 
doth shine, We will 



Thy 



m-- 



OV - IDg 

J i_. 



praise Thee 



rz3i 



rc2: 



It 



-is- 



i 



?2= 



~C2I 



a; 



3_l^ 



-C2l 



321 



122: 



i 

I 



[i 



CHARADE, 



BY \VM. V. LEONARD, 



My tirsl is a body complete, 

And moves by the aid of eight feet; 

My second, to be glorious and great, 

Must be pure in church and slate ; 

My whcjie i^ a flower and is often seen. 

Blushing, radiant and bright, in it« bed of :green. 



PUZZLE 



If from a word which means to spring 

You take the center out. 
What then remains is used to hold 

In captive state, no doubt. 



THE JUVENILE INSTKUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FltTEKNTIl OF EVERY MONTH. 



OKOROK a. CAXN'OX, 

<;k«hk;k c. i.amukut, 



.... BOITOR, 
UIISI.VKSS ItlANAUEIl. 



TEltMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-anJ-ahalf blocks west of 



the Tabernacle, Salt l^ke City. 






.-^ 



