>$<88>M<8^os8«<«<>$<8^^ 




^ (PUBLISHED SEMI-MONTHLY,) 



w 






Xo. 7. 



C O N T iEj n;;T s :: 



KM&MlK'tli Fi-5- llilustratfil.j 
Piiuclunllt^, J C. 
Vli-tite, by W.J. 
Aiiswf r to Prayer, by M. h\ C. 
Our Tlicolo^icHl C'asK, by Uriel. 
'I'oplrit of til*: Tluicfi, by The Eciilor. 
Ca]Htcl(y of tli« Mind* 
Kdltorlttl TUaugUtH. 



A SJoy'd Iiejincy. ,! IIu-<( r;Uni.) by Hoiuespuu. 
Hlhtory of <h« CUiirch. 
Kiisy Science I^esuoiiM, by Sunny. 
A'ai'lt'ttctf* 

A .TaiMtiie»« Kxecutloik, by J. N. 
JVattirt'N IiiMtriictlonR. '' 

Suikfj; of Triiiiiiiih, Words by H, 
Music bv K. lii'i'^lcv. 




:3^^5^^^'^' 



^^ ^iiustrated Magaxivve. 



'C% DESIGNED EXPRESSI.Y FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG <^ 

im is 



George Q. Cannon, Editor, 



Published by Geopge Q. Cannon, 
at salt lake city. u. t. 

Office, South Temple St., between First and Second West Sts. 





llli PUBLICIITIS OF TH[ JUV[NIL[ INSTBUCTflR OFFICL 



Bi&LBmE MMB EiCiT&f iOl BOO&5 

Containing Pieces which ai*e Suitable for Public and Private Entertainments. 



^■imm $S teeTfW, 



THE HMD-BOOK OF REFERMCI 

To the History, Chi^onology, Eeligion and Country of the 

LATTER-DAY SAINTS. 

Everyone who can read should possess a copy for study and reference. It is a most vahnable addition 

to the Church Publications. 



:e=isic:e], :e=ost:e=.-^ixd, so c:EiNr:rs. 



rp 



^ 



oUl|UAi ounuuL Uluul\[ Muolu tjUuli, 



FOR USB IN THE 

SiJLr:Ld.a.3r ScHn-OOl a-rxd. '^Sloim.o Circle- 



Price per Single Copy, . - _ . 

" "12 or more Copies, Posti)aid, 
" " 12 or more Copies, Delivered at this Office, 



oO Cents, 

45 Cents Each, 

4(^ Cents Each. 



The Mii.-:icul PoaMlolio of any Cboii' Artiopi? the Saints is Not Complete 

without at lea^t SeA'"eral Copies of 



« 



OHOIR MUSIO 



This Excellent Book contains the Beautiful Hymns and Anthems sung at our last Semi- 
Annual Conference, and which are pronounced by competent judges to be the Best Collection 
of the kind Ever I'ul)lished. 

ONLY 30 CENTS PER COPY. 



OPxSON PRATTS AA^ORKS 

The Excellent Writings of this righteous man and remarkable Apostle are 
again placed within the reach of all A Neat Volume of 314 pages for 
75 Cents- 



AMRERAT IHSCOIXT OIVKX T«.SI.M>AY S< UOOI.K, INPKOVEnEXT ASSOCIATIOIVS, 
ETC., WIIEX A XLMlJEIt OI' KOOIi.S AKE PI ICCIIASED. 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1S84. 



NO. 8. 



ELIZABETH FRY. 



'T^HE subject of this sketch, whose portrait is here pre- 1780, near Norwich, England; and was the third daughter of 
-*• sented, was a noted female philanthropist and preacher ' John Gurney. 
of the Society of Friends. She was born on the 21st of May, j This remarkable woman, being born of parents who were 




^^2^- 




kfiS)-? 



±±4= 



JTT^7"Sll<TXJ-,:Ki Xl>rBTI^TJGTOI^. 



;^ 




in comfortable circumstances in life, and endowed with loving 
hearts, had many opportunitities of allaying the sufferings of 
her fellow-beings whose misery had a great effect upon her, 
even in childhood. Her holidays, instead of being spent with 
her school-mates in childish games and pastimes, were 
employed in seeking out the needy and forlorn, and admin- 
istering to them bodily and spiritual nourishment. Thus, at 
an early age, her name became the synonym for charity and 
good works. 

When only eighteen years old, she established at the home- 
stead, with her father's .sanction, a school for poor children, 
wherein she diligently applied her.self to the task of instruct- 
ing eighty waifs to whom other opportunities of education had 
been denied. In this manner she was engaged for two years, 
when she married Joseph Fry, of Upton, Essex, not relin- 
quishing, however, with this new alliance, her interest in the 
welfare of suffering humanity. 

Mrs. Fry's attention was attracted by reports which she had 
both read and heard, to the female prisoners of Newgate. 
The condition of these convicts, especially as they were of her 
own sex, appealed strongly to her sympathy. She re.«olved to 
visit them. In 1813, her family duties were so arranged that 
she was able to carry out her resolution. Alone, and with no 
protector save the Almighty, .she entered that part of the 
prison where 100 of the most unruly and debased of her sex 
were confined. In plain, gentle and yet telling words did she 
address these debased females, and so powerful were her 
exhortations, that, in a few moments, the vile jest, the degrad- 
ing speech and the noisy oath were hushed, and a death-like 
stillness prevailed. Her words opened the fountain of teats, 
and before she ceased speaking every eye was bedewed, and 
every heart made glad by the ray of hope her teachings 
created. 

In the year isifi. she began to make sy.stematic visits to 
Newgate, and instituted a school within its walls. Believing 
that an '"idle brain is the devil's work-shop," she aimed to 
have all kept busy, either in study or at work, the result of 
which was that the inmates of the gloomy prison became 
orderly and quiet, and aspired to a nobler life when the term 
of their sentences should have expired. 

Nor were the labors of this worthy woman confined to 
England. In the interests of females in foreign prisons, she 
made several continental tours, and, by her zeal and untiring 
efforts, .'succeeded in causing several reforms in the manage- 
ment of convicts. 

In the eau.se of education, generally, her influence was felt. 
In the distribution of religious books and tracts, her labors 
were great and were very much appreciated. To the poor and 
helpless .she was always a true friend, aiding, by her counsel 
and means, those who sought assistance; and in all her actions 
she truly endeavored to act the part of the good Samaritan. 

'tober I'Jth, \^'A. >he breathed her last, honored by all, 
hated by none and loved by thousands to whom she had 
brought words of comfort and cheer in the hour of need. 



Wk are all tattooed in our cradles with the beliefs of our 
tribe; the record may .seem superficial, but it is indelible. 
You eancot educate a man wholly out of ihc superstitious 
fears which were early implanted in his imagination; no matter 
how utterly his rca.^on may reject them, he will still feel a," 
the famnus woman did about ghosts, "1 don't believe in them, 
but I am afraid ol them, nevertheless." — 0. W. Jlnlmn. 



PUNCTUALITY. 



TO be punctual in all our affairs, as far as practicable, is 
the only way to have weight and confidence among our 
fellow-beings. Without force of character with each other, 
we will fail to do that amount of good which our duties and 
circumstances demand. 

There is much in life for us all to do; and there are proper 
times and proper places for doing everything. He who would 
be respected and honorably discharge the duties that devolve 
upon him, must work to given rules, by properly-studied 
methods of procedure. 

He who p'ed; es his word, pledges his honor, and comes 
under obligation,- to himself and to others, which obligations 
are expected to be duly .sustained. Anyone who says he will 
do something, without the least intention to do it, is base, 
fickle and false, and betrays the trust that others repose in 
him. ^^m 

When confidence is lost, a breach is made and a germ of 
virtue is destroyed which a lifetime of regrets and labors may 
never again fully establish. And it is in the nature of beings, 
from the plastic urchin to the boary-beaded parent ; from the 
angels of our presence to the Gods that sit enthroned in might 
and majesty, to expect us to mean what we say, and to do 
what we faithfully promise. 

Punctuality in the discharge of all our duties, whether we 
regard it in the sense of obligations to our Creator or to each other, 
is manifestly the parent or mainspring of many virtues, privi- 
leges and blessings; while, on the contrary, carelessness is prolific 
of very many serious mistake- and much unpleasantness, and 
brings us under serious condemnation. If, through lack of 
punctuality in word or deed, we cheat a person ouoe, he will 
not fully trust us again. If wo cheat him a second time, his 
confidence will still further decrease; and. if we still continue 
unfaithful to our avowed affirmations, he will, at last, entirely 
cease to believe us, until eventually we shall be widely known 
for prevarication, thus losing our influence and power, being 
sneered at as weak and incapable and unworthy of confidence 
and esteem. On the other hand, the person who means what 
he says, who meets his appointments at the proper time and 
place, and who cherishes his promise as a sacred obligation 
j can always be relied upon, and there is hope that, some day, 
he will be an honored and a useful man in society. 

Punctuality, like the other qualities of our nature, must be 
nurtured and cherished until it becomes a fixed habit with us. 
When we have so trained our minds that this is the case, we 
sh dl then appear, in the eyes of discriminating persons, as 
I fit subjects for places of public importance and general useful- 
ness, that is, in connection with other intelligent qualifications 
necessary for distinciion. 

If we had all the gold and the silver — all the educational 
accomplishments of the nineteenth century, and still lacked 
the principle of being punctual to our oral or written, secular 
or religious obligations, we would lack a cardinal point of the 
first importance which all must po.ssess who expect to stapd 
forth as worthy, honored, jiromincnf public functionaries. 
And if we would have the smlcs and approval o( kind heaven, 
we must learn to be punctual in all things that pertain to the 
revealed will of Ood as contained in the gospel. 

Thus we see that punctualitv, although by .some it is con- 
sidered as a thing of secondary importance, is really to be 
studied with the utmost care, as it is a quality which will, to 




CTTJ'VElIN-IXjEi IIsrSTI^TJOTOI?>. 



115 



a great extent, shape our future destiny for usefulness or for 
incompatibility. 



VIRTUE. 




BY W. J. 

THE nineteenth century boasts of its enlightenment. Chris- 
tendom has many institutions of learning, and numerous 
professors to impart the light of the age. Religions are plen- 
tiful ; a vast amount of piety exists ; it is notoriously a Bible 
age; millions of Bibles exist, in both hemispheres; multi- 
tudes of professed Bible believers can be found ; and there 
are plenty of professedly sage and eloquent scripture expound- 
ers who make it a life business to teach the word of God 
unto the inhabitants of the earth ; yet, notwithstanding all 
these, the nineteenth century is notable for its disregard of 
virtue, and the exceedingly small value it places upon it. 

In ancient patriarchal times the penalty for despoiling a 
virgin of lier virtue was ihath. When Sbechem : defiled 
Dinah, the daughter of Jacob and Leah, her brothers, Simeon 
and Levi, drew their swords and put the defiler to death, and 
some others, too, who, possibly, were accessories. "But," it 
may be asked, "did their father, Jacob, approve this act?" 
Can you find in the record that he disapproved it ? He feared 
that the inhabitants of the land would be revenged, and come 
upon him and his household aud destroy them because they 
were few in number. But the Lord had an e3'e to the matter, 
and indirectly approved the act, by showing Jacob how to 
escape from the revenge which he had feared. "And God 
said unto Jacob, arise, go up to Bethel and dwell there : and 
make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when 
thou fledfcst from the face of Esau, thy brother" [Gen xxxv, 1). 
Jacob and his family started on their journey, "And the ter- 
ror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, 
and they did not pursue after tlie suns of Jacob" { Gen. xxxv, 
5). This is evidence sufficient to show that God approved the 
act, and exercised His mighty power to protect from the 
wrath of man those who had executed the penalty of His holy 
law upon the seducer. 

The law of God to Israel, as given through Moses, was 
death to the man or woman, or both, who violated the law of 
God governing the intercourse of the sexes (Dent, xxi'i). 
Zimri, a prince in the tribe of Simeon, was unlawfully asso- 
ciated with a Midianitish woman, and dared to bring her into 
the sight of Moses and the congregation of the children of 
Israel, thus boldly defying Israel, Israel's law-giver, and 
Israel's God. But Phineas, Aaron's grandson, saw it, rose 
from the congregation, took a javelin in his hand, went into 
the tent where Zimri and Cozbi, the guilty parties, were, and 
thrust them both through the body, thus executing the pen- 
alty of Gud's holy law with regard to fornication and adultery. 
Now, did God approve this bloody act? There was a plague 
among the children of Israel, by which twenty-four thousand 
had died, 'and the plague was stayed" — this is the Lord's 
first recorded act of approval. The next recorded act of His 
approval was this: "And the Lord spake unto Jloses, saying, 
Phineas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, 
hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel, while 
he was zealous for my sake among them, that I consumed 
not the children of Israel in ray jealousy. Wherefore, say, 
behold, I give unto him my covenant of peace; and he shall 



have it, and his seed after him, even the covenant of an ever- 
lasting Pi iesthood ; because he was zealous for his God and 
made an atonement for t.lie children of Israrl ' (Nii7n. xxv) 

Other Old Testament instances might be cited to show that 
in those patriarchal days female virtue was prized and death 
was the doom of the seducer and adulterer. "But," says 
one, "those things occurred in ancient times, since which Jesus 
has blessed the earth with a Christian dispensation, in which 
many of the laws and customs of ancient times were done 
awa}'. " True, the Savior of the world ushered in the gospel 
dispensation, but let us see if he annulled the death penalty 
for fornication and adultery. 

On one occasion Jesus was in the temple at Jerusalem 
teaching the people, and the Scribes and Pharisees brought 
unto Him a woman, and said unto Him, "Master, thiswoman 
was taken in adultery, in the very act. Now Moses in the 
law commanded us, that such should be stoned; but what 
sayestthou?" "Jesus stooped down, and with His finger 
wrote on the ground, as though He heard them not." They 
repeated the question, "And He said unto them, he that is 
without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her." 
The Scribes and Pharisees knew that the law of God to Moses 
required her to be stoned to death [Dent, xxii, i:-l-2T), and 
here was a good opportunity to learn whether Jesus had 
annulled it or not, and also a good opportunity for Him to 
do so, providing it was a part of His mission on earth to do so. 
But they soon learned that He had ?!of annulled it, and was not 
disposed to do so, for He commanded the ancient law to be 
enforci'd, and the only reason why the woman was not stoned 
to death, was because none of her accusers were pure enough 
to execute God's holy law. 

It was reported to the Apostle Paul that the crime of forni- 
cation existed among the Corinthians, and he wrote thus con- 
cerning him who had done the deed: "In the name of our 
Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my 
spirit with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ, to deliver 
such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that 
the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus" (7. 
Cor. v). Now. this destruction of the flesh must mean death, 
for there could be no life, or union of body and spirit, after 
the flesh was destroyed; and the .saving of the spirit "in the 
day of the Lord Jesus," must have reference to his being 
saved at the time of the .second advent of Messiah, for Paul 
wrote this, according to generally accepted chronology, in A. 
D. .56, some years after Jesus bad been put to death in the 
flesh ; and the inference is legitimate, that, although he suf- 
fered in the flesh for his crime, yet his opportunity for salva- 
tion would not arrive for nearly two thousand years. 

It will be seen by the foregoing that death was the doom of 
the fornicator and adulterer, in patriarchal. Mosaic and aiios- 
tolic periods ; and when, and by whom was this penalty 
changed? Further, we are satisfied that it was always associ- 
ated with the gospel of salvation, and that in the times of 
"the restitution of all things," pertaining to the redemption of 
man, this law will be restored and executed. Now, suppose 
this law was already restored; that men were authorized to 
execute it; that they were endowed with power to detect such 
criminals, as Peter detected the lying of Ananias and Sap- 
phira; aud that this law was to take efl'ect on and after Jan. 
1, ISSf), what percentage of the inhabitants of the earth would 
remain at the end of the year? It would be a fearful and 
a bloody time among the inhabitants of our native earth! 

Now, wc would advise the youth of Israel to take this matter 
iuto prayerful consideration. Their virtue is of incumparahly 





116 



J-TJ'VEllNrilL.E IInTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



greater value to them than all the wealth and fame that mor- 
tals can ever acquire. They have jrreater advantages than 
many of their forefathers have had. They are taught hy an 
inspired Priesthood what to practice and what to avoid. Con- 
sequently, if they are unvirtuous, they sin against the light of 
heaven which is graciously bestowed upon them, and their 
condemnation will be great before God. Therefore, we advise 
both sexes of the youth of Zion to be pure in their thoughts. 
Banish unholy thoughts or desires. Live virtuous lives. 
Regard each other as a brother or sister of the great family 
of our Heaveuly Father, destined to associate together in 
purity and righteousness throughout time and all eternity, and 
having the glorious privilege of engaging in the god-like work 
of eternal increase, salvation and exaltation, while space exists, 
and matter is found, and the c3-cles of eternity begin and end, 
forever and forever. 

"This truthful maxim is a pearl of price — 
The life of virtue is the death of vice." 



ANSWER TO PRAYER. 



BY M. F. C. 




TO the youth of Zion the early answer to prayer is one of 
the most eflfoctual means of establishing faith in their 
minds. 

The answers to prayer arc so numerous in the history of the 
Latter-day Saints that it would probably require volumes to 
contain a narrative of them all. Many of them doubtless 
happen without being written, unless they are recorded by the 
anecl- of heaven, and it may not be amiss to relate one or two 
here, f r the benefit of the boys and girls who read the Juv- 
enile Lnstkuctor. 

Several years ago, in St. George, two boys, each about 
twelve years of a'je, were sent across the Ulack Ridge to the 
south we.st of that city to look for a span of mules, which had 
been previously turned loose to graze. They searched dili- 
gently until it was becoming late in the day and crossed the 
Santa Clara river, being afoot, about half a dozen times in 
hunting along the borders of the stream first on one side and 
then on the other. They became weary and aitno.st despaired 
of succes-, when the thought was prescnfcd to one that they 
had better pray to the Lord; the other promptly agreed, and 
both kneeling in child-like simplicity and confidence petitioned 
the Lord to guide them to the lost animals. Concluding their 
prayer, they aro-<c and were impressed to take a course a little 
west of south. They had gone but a .short distance from the 
place of offering prayer, when to their ioy, they discovered the 
mules lying at rest amid the large sage bruoh by which they 
were surrounded. 

The animals were soon caught and the boys returned with 
great joy, not alone because they had found the object of their 
search, but becau.se they had learned for themselves that God 
would hear and answer prayer. This increased their faith, 
and they have been blessed in a like manner since, by making 
whatever concerned thcra a suViject of prayer. 

The unbelieving may ridicule a boy for making a lost mule 
or a lu-t pocket knife a subject of prayer; but small ihingsare 
as precious in the eyes of children as great things are in the 
eyes of men, and if the youth are not instructed to make their 
own affairs a subject of prayer, they are not likely to associate 
prayer with the affairs of life when they become men. 



The advocate of infidelity may say that the boys would have 
found the mules without praying for the direction of the Lord; 
but we a>k for proof of such a statement, if such a one is 
made. If this, and scores of similar instances, are mere acci- 
dents, why do the accidents (?) always happen after the exer- 
cise of faith. The fact of them finding the animals after, and 
failing to find them before they made it a subject of prayer, 
places it beyond the power of infidelity to prove that their 
prayer was not answered when they found the mules. 

Each of the boys above referred to has since p^^rformed a 
mission in the world as a messenger of life and salvation, and 
both testify that God has given them strong testimonies in 
answer to prayer. One of them while abroad, and after mak- 
ing .several r.ttempts at preaching, said to his co-laborer that 
it seemed hard for him to preach and explain the gospel, 
although he had a knowledge of its truth. His companion 
replied, in substance, that the young Elder was sent to teach, 
and, if humble and prayerful, the Lord would give him the 
power to do so. The same evening a congregation of people 
assembled to hear the Elders. The young man arose to speak 
first and was greatly blessed with the liberty and freedom of 
the Holy Spirit. The things he had read were brought to 
his memory, and arguments presented themselves in such a 
beautiful order as to be new to himself as well as to the 
people. He said afterwards that he knew there was present 
a higher power than that of man, for he had tried many times 
and could not speak as he did that evening, and he knew then 
that the testimony be received was not of man but of God, in 
answer to prayer. To him it was of such a character that he 
could not pos.sibly doubt its divinity. 

Just before one of these young men started on a mission, 
the Bishop of the Ward prophesied, that if the young Elder 
would live prayerful and faithful, he would find a people pre- 
pared to receive him, among whom would be those who would 
have dreams ooncerning the Elders and would receive the 
gospel at their hands. 

The young man desired greatly to see the fulfillment of this 
prophecy and endeavored to live accordingly. The first field in 
which he and his companion labored was composed of Camp- 
bellites, Josephites and other sectarians who treated the 
Elders kindly, but did not receive the gospel at their hands. 
Feeling impressed to move on, the two missionaries traveled 
east into an adjoining State, where they found a few Saints 
and others friendly to the cause. They continued their labors 
in that di>trict about one year and baptized a few, but the 
young Elder was not yet satisfied that the Bishop's prophecy 
had been I'ulfilled. 

About that time two young Elders arrived from Utah, and it 
was deemed wisdom for the young Elder to go with one of the 
newly arrived Eiders to another part of the State and begin 
his labors in another field. They accordingly set out and soon 
after arriving at their destination, and holding a few meetings 
they found a great interest among the people relative to their 
mission. Two men related dreams they had received concern- 
ing the Elders ind their labors, and others had manifestations 
of the Spirit pertaining to the mission of the Elders. In the 
course of about ten months, the two Elders, assisted part of the 
time by two others, were instrumental in baptizing some sixl.v- 
sevcn souls into the Church, some of whom soon started for 
Utah, and most of them are now located with the Saints of God 
in the Stakes of Zion. Thus the prayer of the young Elder was 
answered, and the Bi.-hop's prophecy fulfilled. 

These, like thousands of similar instances, illustrate how 
young people, beginning in childhood to offer the prayer of 





m 



J-TJ"VE!3^ILE IJ^STIS/TJOTOie., 



^«l^ 

117 ^ 



faith, learn for ttemselves that God will hear and answer 
prayer. A knowledge that is worth infinitely more than the 
wealth of the world, combined with human splendor and the 
honors of men, for the rightful use of that knowledge will 
lead to the riches which are eternal. 




SESSION SEVEN. 



BY URIEL. 






BAPTISM follows DOW in order in the : cience of theology. 
It is a subject about which there is a variety of opinion in 
the religious world. But this variety of opinion is because of 
the absence of the Holy Spirit, that leads into all truth. 
There is but one correct mode of baptism that was ordained 
from the beginning and that way has always been the same 
when administered by divine authority. When Christ gave 
His instructions to the Nephites (///. Nephixi, 25, 26), He 
told (hem to use the following words, "Having authority given 
me of Jesus Christ, I baptize you in the name of the Father, 
and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And then 
shall ye immerse them in the water, and come forth again out 
of the water." This agrees with the instructions given by the 
Savior in a revelation on Church government through the 
Prophet Joseph Smith (Doc. and Gov., Sec. xx, 72-74): 
"Baptism is to be administered in the (ollowing manner unto 
all those who repent: The person who is called of God (mark 
called of God), and has authority from Jesus Christ to bap- 
tize, shall go down into the water with the person who has 
presented him or herself for baptism and shall say, calling 
him or her by name — Having been commissioned of Jesus 
Christ, I baptize you in the name of the Father, and of the 
Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Then shall he immerse 
him or her in the water, and come forth again out of the 
water." 

We would say here to our young men, who will very likely 
at some time in their lives officiate in this ordinance, at the 
fir.-t baptism of children over eight years of age or of adults, 
this is the correct foriij to use. There is no necessity for .^ay- 
ins, "For the remission of sins." Had the Lord Jesus Christ 
wished the;e words to been have added He would have com- 
manded it. We must always be particular to be in harmony, to 
he in strict obedience to the counsels of the Almighty in all His 
divine instructions and when there is a form given it is proper 
to be strict in observing that form. 

In making this statement it is not to be understood that 
baptism is not for the remission of .sins, for it is stated in the 
book of Doctrine and Covenants [Sec. Ixviii, 27), "And their 
children shall be baptized for the remission of their sins when 
eight years old, and receive the laying on of hands. " And 
we are further told that "John did baptize in the wilderness, 
and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of 
sius" (Mark i, 4). And then again Peter, on the day of Pen- 
tecost, 6aid, "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the 
name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall 
receive the gift of the Holy Ghost" (Acf.s I'i, 38). But it is 
not the effects of baptism that we are now discussing but the 
form of baptism and pointing out the proper words to be u.sed 



in the administration of that ordinance, and the Lord having 
in the Doctrine and Covenants specifically stated the form of 
words to be used, it is projier that we should comply with the 
form as designated. 

At a rebaptism or a renewal of covenant the words used are 
different, they being suited to the condition or circumstances 
of the subject. For instance,ayoung man who was baptized when 
he was eight years old and who is about to enter into a higher 
life and take the responsibilities of the High Priesthood 
may wish to renew his covenant by baptism. He has this priv- 
ilege and the form of the ceremony is as follows, calling him 
byname, "Having been commissioned of Jesus Christ, Ire-bap- 
tize you, for the remission of your sins and the renewal of 
your covenant, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, 
and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." There is also a form of 
words for the baptism of the dead, revealed by the Lord Jesus 
Christ, which is unnecessary to say anything about at pre- 
sent. 

Now to prove that this proper mode of baptism agrees with 
the Bible, we will refer to some of the writings of the apostles 
and historians on this subject. 

The Greek and Roman Catholic churches, both professing 
to hold the Priesthood, baptize by pouring; the Lutheran 
and Episcopal as well as Presbyterian churches bap- 
tize by sprinkling; the Baptists by dipping; the Duukards 
by dipping three times face downwards, and the Methodists 
in any way that pleases the convert. There are also professed 
followers of Christ who do not baptize at all. These facts are 
certain evidences of the apostasy of so-called Christianity from 
the true faith. But turn to the third chapter of John and 
the twenty-second verse: "After these things came Jesus 
and His apostles into the land of Judea ; and there He tarried 
with them, and baptized. And John also was baptizing in 
^Enon, near to Salim, because there was much water there: 
and they came and were baptized." What would be the 
necessity of going where "there was much water," if baptism 
consisted of pouring or sprinkling. Mitthew tells us in his 
third chapter that Christ Himself was baptized and that when 
He desired that rite of John he forbade Him, saying, "Ihave 
need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me? Jesus 
answering said, Sufli'er it to be so now: for thus it becometh 
us to fulfill all righteousness. Then he suffered Him. And 
Jesus, when He was baptized, went up straightway out of the 
water." Surely this is plain to the understanding of every 
person. He had gone down into the water to be baptized and 
then "went up strai>rhtway out of the water." This never 
would have been required had pouring or sprinkling been 
sufiicient. It is related in Acts viii, 35, that Philip, "Preached 
unto him (the eunuch) Jesus. And as they went on their 
way they came unto a certain water, and the eunuch said. See, 
here is water; wKat doth hinder me to be baptized?" Prom 
this we learn that Philip in preaching unto him .Jesus, had 
taught him the object and necessity of baptism, or he would 
certainly never have asked such a question. Philip answered, 
"If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he 
answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of 
God;" and then we learn in the thirty-eighth verse that, "They 
went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch ; 
and he baptized him." 

The Elders of this Church baptize by immersion, not merely 
because the Bible says it is the right way, but because God com- 
manded it when He gave instructions to the Prophet Joseph in 
the restoration of the gospel : but we can see by comparison 
that this mode is just the same as was practiced by the ancient 



-iB' 




m 



118 



j-TJ^EnsriLE in^sTi?.TJOTO^e.. 



apostles and elders. It is a pretty clear evidence that no man 
understands the things of God only by the Spirit of God. 
The apostles had the Spirit of God, and they understood the 
mode and necessity of baptism, but when tbey were martyred 
and the authority of God was taken from the earth, man, in 
his ignorance, changed the ordinance from immersion to pour- 
ing, and from pouiing to sprinkling. 

Now, let us read the account of Nicodemus' interview with 
the Savior [John iii). The latter declared that except a man 
be born again he could not see the kingdom of God, which 
He explained by saying, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, 
except a man be born of water, and of the Spirit, he cannot 
enter into the kingdom of God."' This is most emphatic and 
is the truth. Baptism is necessary, and must be performed 
by divine authority, for without authority no man could act in 
the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy 
Ghost. It would be blasphemy. 

This class will readily percieve the necessity of a knowledge, 
of a living testimony, so that we may be protected from error 
and superstition. This testimony is guaranteed unto us in the 
true faith. 

We will continue the subject of baptism in our next. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 




JOSEPH COOK UPON DIVORCE IN NEW ENGL.i^ND — START- 
LI.NG FACTS — CONTRA.STS BETWEEN LIFE THERE AND IN 
UTAH — BIBLICAL IDEALS CONCERNING THE FAJIILY. 

A NO FED religious teacher by the name of Joseph Cook is 
in the habit of delivering weekly lectures in Boston upon 
various subjects, and is listened to by crowded audiences. He 
is a man of great assumption, and a violent enemy to the Lat- 
ter-day Saints. 

On the tenth of last month his lecture was upon the divorce 
((uestion. 

He hates the institution of plural marriage and never fails 
to speak about it in the most bitter terms. He either does not 
understand it or wil'ully misrepresents it. In this lecture he 
makes several allusions to "Mormonism" — allusions which 
are very unfair and which convey a very wrong idea to the 
minds of his hearers of its character. He speaks plainly upon 
the subject of divorce, but endeavors to sooth the vanity of 
his Hudience by saying that: 

■'The evils of loose and frequent divorce are found chiefly 
in the middle and lower classes .of society, and very largely in 
the first and second generation of the immigrant popula- 
tion.' 

Through his lecture he panders in this way to the .self-love 
of hi.s hearers by charging the increase of divorces to the 
"Influx of half-educated or illiterate immigrant populations, 
who mistake American liberty for license." 

The Lord knows it needs .some apology for the condition of 
things which, according to his statement, exists in New Eog- 
land. He states that: 

"Within thirty years, divorces in most of the Northern 
States, have doubled in proportion to marriages and popula- 
tion." 

"In Connecticut in Ij^Ts the annual average of divorces had 
become for fifteen years I to every 10.4 marriages. In Vermont 



this ratio, in 1S7S, was 1 to 14; in Massachusetts 1 to 21.4; 
in Rhode Island, in 1882, it was 1 to 11 ; in Maine, in 1880, 1 
to 10. New Hampshire has increased her divorces nearly 
three fold within twenty-five years. In Chicago the ratio of 
divorces to marriages is about 1 to 13. In San Francisco it has 
been 1 to 6. The Rev. Mr. Caverno, in a brilliant paper 
lately read in Chicago, has shown that, in the county of which 
that city is a part, not far from one marriage in ten is dis.-olved 
by divorce or separation." 

He also states: 

"The ratio of illegitimate births to the whole population is 
rapidly iucreasing, and in several States keeps pace with the 
increase of divorces. The size of native American families is 
decreasing. A western State board of health estimates that, 
in the United States, the number of women who die from the 
immediate effects of criminal abortion and s-imilar vices is not 
less than 6,000 every year." ~ 

He also quotes from Hon. C. D. Wright, the Chief of the 
Massachusetts bureau of statistics of labor, who says : 

"I am well .satisfied that, so far as the volume of crime or 
of criminal conditions is concerned, licentiousness is the most 
potent factor in existence." 

After descanting upon this condition of affairs (being care- 
ful, however, not to wound the vanity of his hearers, but to 
attribute to others the evils which he condemns) he pro- 
ceeds to suggest remedies for its cure. They consist of: 

"1.— A petition to Congress for the organization of a com- 
mittee of inquiry as to the statistics of marriages and 
divorces. 

"2. — Inter-State agreement, with a view of promoting uni- 
formity of divorce legislation. 

"3. — Agitation for an amendment of the national constitu- 
tion to secure such uniformity." 

He also says : 

"In an exact investigation of facts, we shall probably find 
very much to scandalize us as to the habits of native 
born Americans : for unchurched, native-born Amer- 
icans in both the city slums and the rustic slums 
have among them some of the greatest rascals on 
earth. It was a New Eoglander who founded Mormonism. 
It was another New Eoglander who took charge of it after the 
founder of it passed away. It was a New Eoglander who 
founded the Oneida community. Loose divorce has been 
called a 'Connecticut Yankee notion.' We must be ready to 
face such facts as that, in the Western Reserve in Ohio, 
settled from New England, the ratio of divorces to the num- 
ber of marriages is much larger there than in the southern 
counties of Ohio. 'I'he a.s.sertion is made, by the great expert 
on this theme, that unchurched native populations are 
exceedingly loose in many quarters of the country." 

One would imagine, with such a condition of things as he 
represents as existing in New England, that he might find 
enough to occupy his attention without bo.•^towing so much 
thought as he has done upon far-distant Utah. But 
compare— those of you who are familiar with Utah — 
the situation of her society with this description of New 
England ! There abounds the damnable sin of what is called 
"con.secutive polygamy." that is the divorcing of one wife and 
taking others one at a lime, and not only does this dreadful 
crime abound, but, what is worse, the native population is 
dying out and is being supplanted by the Iri.>,h and the German.s. 
There are to-day, 1 fully believe, more descendants of old New 
England stock, in projiortiori to the population, in Utah Ter- 
ritory than any place that can be found out.side of New Eng- 





J-TJ-VmiSriLEl I3SrSTE;TJ01?0I^. 




land. If the present condition of things continue there, 
it will not be long before there will be more New England 
descendants in this Territory, for the number of our popula- 
tion, than there are in New England itself. 

A system must be judged by its fruits. A good tree will 
produce good fruit. A pure fountain will send forth pure 
streams. Compare New England, as described by Joseph 
Cook himself, with Utah ! Which fountain sends forth the 
purest water? Here divorce is comparatively rare. Marriage 
is fostered and maintained as a holy institution in which all 
are urged to share. It is not entered upon for the gratifica- 
tion of passing lust, but all who enter into that holy estate are 
urged to consider well the step they are about to take, for their 
union should be for time and all eternity. Fruitfulness is the 
characteristic of these marriages. Abortion and kindred vices 
are unknown. As a result, the land is full of happy, healthy, 
well-born and well-bred children. Which produces the best 
fruits, the consecutive polygamy, which Mr. Cook describes 
as existing around him, which God and Christ abominate and 
denounce in the severest language, or that patriarchal order 
of marriage of which Christ himself was the fruit, which 
God approved and blessed, and of which His friend Abraham 
and hi3 de,scendants (notably Jacob) were illustrious examples? 

Among other suggestions which Mr. Cook makes is, that 

"All other means of divorce reform will fail without a 
saturation of society, literature, education, and law, with the 
natural and the Biblical ideals concerning the family." 

In this connection it would be interesting to know what 
ideals concerning the family are to be used for this purpose. 
Shall Abraham, Isaac and Jacob be used? They are Biblical, 
and certainly their families could not have been displeasing to 
the Lord; for He condescends to call Himself the God of 
Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. This distinguished honor would 
not have been conferred upon them, had they and their fam- 
ilies not been acceptable to the Lord. By all means let the 
Biblical ideals concerning the family be held up for admira- 
tion. They are the true ideals, as we in Utah have proved. 



CAPACITY OF THE MIND. 



I. 



FREQUENTLY people are heard to remark that one's edu- 
cation is complete because he has devoted so many years 
to school. Again, others will say he is not educated because 
he is guilty of making errors in grammar. Let us examine the 
conditions which determine the success of men and women in 
the various pursuits of life, and see whether their advance- 
ment is due to grammar, hi.story, arithmetic, or any of the 
discipline pertaining to school life. How often do we hear 
people say, "He has been to college and yet he is a failure!" 
Then, too, how often do we become acquainted with those 
whose school days have been very limited, but whose position 
in life is foremost among men because of their intelligence! 

It cannot be said that men's success depends upon their 
education in the sense that it pertains to books. How then 
is true education acquired? The brain is a part of the human 
body and is developed very much in the same way that other 
parts of the body are. The arm of tiie blacksmith is strong 
becau.se of constant use ; the limbs grow stout by long and 
regular walks, and, in fact, constant exercise of any member 
of the body will insure an increase of strength. 



Two men, A and B, have gone out on a hunting expedi- 
tion. A has found something exciting, some animal has come 
within the range of his vision and he follows the animal over 
hills, ravines and streams, through woods and thickets, run- 
ning miles by reason of the excitement his interest has created. 
B traveled half the distance A traveled and yet at night was 
more exhausted than A. It will at once be seen that the 
awakening of interest was the key-note of A's endurance. 

Now, it is no more necessary that interest should 
be excited in order to properly develop and strengthen 
the muscles than that it should be excited in order 
to expand the intellect. The arm of the blacksmith gains 
strength by continual use of the hammer, and that same 
strength serves it in shoeing a horse, setting a tire, lifting a 
rock, carrying a bucket of water, or lifting a weight of any 
kind. In the same manner the carpenter by constant appli- 
cation of his mind to his labors increases his capacity for 
thinking. His mind grows stronger by use and is prepared to 
receive new impressions more readily and grasp new situations 
with greater ease ; in other words, it makes no difference in 
what part of the work-shop of life the mind may be directed, 
its capacity to Hft-mental loads is equally great. If a person's 
mind is brought to bear upon any one topic, whether as a 
mechanic or farmer it enlarges its capacity to receive the new 
impressions. Notice the best mechanics, masons, millers and 
farmers and see if their ideas are not among the most useful. 
And why? Because it is impossible to constantly engage our 
thoughts in a given direction without increasing them. We 
are obliged to move around, walk, talk and eat ; bat if we 
would derive any benefit to our bodies by way of making them 
healthy and strong, we must take intense interest and 
unbounded delight in what we do. So aL-o if we would have 
a healthy mind, strong and vigorous, we must take delight in 
the train of our thoughts. Cicero says that study is the con- 
stant application of the mind to any subject. Study develops 
the mind, and the development of the mind constitutes true 
education, not grammar, not arithmetic, not historical data; 
but the expansion and strengthening of the mind by applica- 
tion to any subject. 

Education then is the direct result of the application of the 
mind. This can be had only where there is an interest 
in the subject under consideration ; hence interest or desire is 
the foundation upon which the whole superstructure of edu- 
cation rests. If man's mind is strong by reason of its con- 
stant application in any direction then its capacity is increased 
and it is this capacity of the mind that fits men for the res- 
ponsibilities of life. 

Time and time again people are heard to object to the study 
of Latin, Greek, or history, because they have no practical 
importance or are not directly used in the most common voca- 
tions of life. It will be seen that persons mistake the true 
aim of education when they .suppo.se that that which has no 
practical use, as they term it, is of no little importance in educa- 
tion , for if any study awakens interest, that interest will 
insure an application of the mind to the extent that the mind 
will increase its capacity, and it is this capacity that is required 
rather than rules or formulas. 

Young men, do you enjoy farming? If not, you had 
better find other pursuits. Would you delight in any profes- 
sion? If so, make it your study and you will succeed ; but if 
all kinds of labor become irksome to you, your case is hope- 
less. What brains you have will wither away for want of 
action and life to you will be a mere drudgery and hardly 
worth the living. J. M. Tannkr. 



■^WjVj-^ 




m 



ISO 



oTTJ^EnNTILE in^STI^TJGTOE.. 




GEORGB ^ CANirON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 



ADVANTAGES OP READING SOUND BOOKS. 





,OME peroons' memories are so reteDtive as 
to be a nuisance to them. Instances of 
this kind are quite Irequent among men 
who a have strong memory and who read 
trashy works. The poet, Bryant, is said to 
have had a marvelous memory, and on 
this account was always very careful 
respecting the books which he read. In 
this way his memory aided him in bring- 
to mind noble sentiments and the writings 
of good authors. It is said of him that he 
could recall every line of poetry he had ever 
written. But where men have a memory of 
this kind and do not read the be.'t books, their 
memory becomes loaded down with worthless stuff 
f ^pY^ which returns only to plague them. Even among 
■lt_;^'''\_ those who have not very tenacious metporics the 
habit of reading the best books should be cultivated. 
The eating of impure food is no worse for the body than the 
reading of improper books for the mind. Before reading a 
book care should be taken to see that it is of the right char- 
acter. We suggest to our JrvENiLES that, if possible, they 
talk with some one who has read it. By looking at the table 
of contents and reading a little here and there in the book, a 
very good idea can be obtained of its character. An anecdote 
is told of l>r. Johnson which illustrates this: He refused tu 
read a certain book. The author found fault with him for 
declaring, without reading the whole of it, that it was not a 
good book. "What," said the doctor, '"must a man eat a 
whole leg of tainted mutton to find out that it is not fit for 
food? One taste is sufficient to show its quality." 

It is of the greatest importance that young people especially 
should be careful of the character of the works which they 
read. Every few days we hear through the newspapers of 
the dreadful effect which bad reading has upon the young in 
various part^ of the United States. There is a class of novels 
which are very cheap that many get hold of, and from them 
they derive false ideas of life and false aims. Numerous 
instances have occurred of boys banding themselves together 
and surrounding their proceedings with romantic mystery, in 
iiailation of .-orae of the criminals of whom they have read, 
and afterwards committing crimes. Such books are a curse 
to any community, but good, healthful books are a blessing, 
and they should be made our constant companions. 

We fay to our Jivknii-Es, cultivate the habit of reading, 
and though you have little time to spare, this should not bo 
any reason why you should not read. A half hour or an hour 
devoted each day to reading will ac^iomplish an immense 
amount in the course of a year, and if followed up for a few 
years will put in your possession more knowledge than could 
be gained by a course of study at college. Volume after 



volume can in this way be read, and read profitably. It is by 
using the little fractions of time that men have that they 
accomplish great work, especially in the acquisition of knowl- 
edge. 

Another good habit is that of conversing upon subjects that 
you have read. This is always of advantage in strengthening 
the memory and impressing that which is worth preserving 
upon your minds. Of course good judgment and taste ought 
to be exercised in this so that we do not become bores to our 
friends, and do not get into the vain habit of airing our 
knowledge before our friends and giving ourselves a tone of 
superiority. Anything of this kind is very offensive and should 
be avoided. 

Every boy and girl in our Church should, in the first place, 
be thoroughly familiar with the Bible, the Book of Jlormon, 
and our other Church works and our Church history. This 
should form the basis of all reading among us; then added to 
this a knowledge of countries, of governments and their his- 
tories. If a person has a taste for science there are plenty 
of works which can be perused with profit. We live in a day 
when there is no end apparently to the publication of books, 
and there is no difheulty in obtaining works upon almost every 
subject. The great care that is needed is to select the best, 
for out of such a profusion there are necessarily many that are 
worthless. 

The children of our Church should remember and not fall 
into the habit of believing all that is printed. Many people 
think because a man makes his statements with confidence 
and prints them that they are entitled to credence. This does 
not follow. Many false ideas may thus be given to the public 
that should receive no attention. When you read a state- 
ment, examine it. If it be contrary to some principle that 
you know to be true, reject it ; but be careful always to exam- 
ine carefully the ideas which you read, and do not accept 
them, however much they may have the appearance of truth, 
until you have satisfied yourselves they are true. By neglect- 
ing this many people become infidels and have their faith in 
God and His gospel destroyed. Never surrender your judg- 
ment in this way; but we suggest that it is better never to 
read books of this character. Always distrust a man and his 
theories who rejects God and His revealed will. However 
correct he may be in some directions he is not to be trusted 
upon subjects of this nature. 



Dei'KNDENCE.— How beautifully it is ordered that as many 
thousands work for one, so must every individual bring his 
labor to make the whole! The highest is not to despise the 
lowest, nor the lowest to envy the highest; each must live in 
all by all. Who will not work, neither shall he eat. So God 
has ordered that men, being in need of each other, should 
learn to love each other, and bear each other's burdens. 

G. A. Sala. 



KxAMPi.K.— If thou desire to see thy child virtuous, let 
him not see his father's vices; thou canst not rebuke that in 
children that they behold in thee; till rea.son be ripe, exam- 
ples direct more than precepts; such as thy behavior is before 
thy children's faces, such commonly is theirs behind their 
parents' backs. — (Junrhn. 



-i^ 




j-TJ'^rEin^riLE xisT&rr:RUGTo:R. 



121 




A BOY'S LEGACY. 



BT HOMESPUN. 



"TTELLO, Bob! How many shiners to-day?" called a 
-1--1- little, ragged street-sweep to a delicate boy who sat 
near a post preparing his boxes and brushes to carry home. 



earned horde to his companion, was evidently a boy who had 
seen better habits of life than those which now surrounded 
him. The older was a brave-hearted, rough-spoken boy; but, 
withal, capable ot becoming a very good and useful man, if 
only the impetus to right be given. 

"Jim, I'm just a thinkin' how proud my ma'd be, if she 
only knew I hed a little start towards bein' a sort o' independ- 




"Heaps on 'em, Jim; just lookee hero! Six fine, silver quar- 
ters! Ain't 1 rich, though?" And he counted them out 
before the pleased eyes of his boy-friend. 

They were two of the "gamins" so sadly numerous in our 
large cities; but the younger, who was exhibiting his well- 



ence like. Sometimes 1 wonder if ma's got sech perty gar- 
dens to walk in as them on t'other side of the wall, there 
She used to tell me 'bout the gardens up in heaven; and it 
seemed like I could almost see 'em. There, now, the bell 
strikes seven. I must hurry, or all the supper'll be gone. 





for Granny Hoyt never keeps things for ns as is behind." 

"Bob, why don't ye buy cigars, or a drink, or so'thin' tony 
like with some on yer money. Don't be a miser; but be a 
gentleman.'' 

■'No, Jim, I'm going to save and save and get a fruit stand, 
or a place in a shop, for I want to do what ma told me to 
when she was dyin': 'Try and be independent.' But, say, 
lookee here, Jim. you ken have two pennies for a cigar ef you 
want, for I don't want to be stingy." 

"No, siree. Bob, I don't want yer pennies if ye are richer 
nor me. I'm bigger and stronger, and ought to be 'shamed 
to take anythink from you. But, ye know, seems as though 
we ought to enjoy life as we go 'long. Now, we ain't, neither 
one on us, got any daddies or mammies, 'cause tor which, 
perhaps, we should be thankful; as bow Granny Hoyt beats 
her boys is aw.f'ul. Le's us be pals, now, will ye? I'll be yer 
true pal. and you be mine, ch. Bob? " 

'•All right, old feller, we'll be pals! " 

"Now, jest let me put my broom down; and let's see if no 
one's around, then let's swear each on us in." 

Thereupon, the boys, looking carefully up and down the 
street, saw no one approaching from either way, and in the 
sweet, solemn twilight made themselves ready to seal their 
friendly compact with boyish vows. 

'"Now, Bob, put yer hand on my heart, and give me yer 
other hand. Now. .say with me: 'We will be pals' — say it 
awful slow Bob — 'and ef we don't be true, may black scor- 
pions eat our blood!' There, now, Bob, I'll jest see yer 
home, and then take a run down to the opera house and see 
the fun down there." 

And ?o the curious little pair walked briskly home. Each 
realized a sense of pleasure and restfulnets in this boyisL con- 
tract. They had been companions for many months; but 
never, until to-night, had they put their feelings into words, 
and sealed their Iricndship with a mighty vow. Jim fell that 
Bub was young and far from strong; and Bob realized, insens- 
ibly, that his more refined nature was beneficial to his stronger 
companion. No selfishness entered into their hearts, and 
there could be no betrayal pcssible. Children cannot tear 
from their hearts the love and affection which they find 
embedded within them. 

The days flew on, and Bob's store grew slowly. But Jim 
ca.st his pennies around him, and sometimes he had bed and 
supper, and sometimes he had none. However, Jim was 
happy in his own boyish, careless fashion. Bob occasionally 
reproved his dear "jial" about his spendthrift ways, for Bob 
was a keen-sighted little fellow, and bad lavished all the love 
of his warm, little heart on this sole friend and companion. 

< )ne day, Bob awoke with a severe fever, and a pain in his 
shoulder. He felt too ill to go out, and lay still on his straw 
liallet, thinking of hi.s mother and wondering if his '"pal'' 
wuuld mis.i him. 

In the evening. Jim came into the dim room, and, seeking 
out Bob's pallet from among the many scattered on the floor, 
took the sick boy's hand and enijuired what ailed him. 

"D'ye know, Bob, I thouRht mebbe you'd got stuck-up and 
had gone on to a tonier .street, but I met Black Sam an' he 
>ed you was in bed, here; so I come right down. Does yer 
shoulder hurt very much?' 

'■()h. ever so much, Jim I I'll tell you what you do. I've 
heerd ma say that you should rub whi.sky on a pain, and it 
would make it belter. Take a quarter from the cigar bo.x 
under my tied, right there at the foot, and get some whiskey. 
Hurry up. won't you?" 



Away sped Jim, and, unheeding the rude taunts of the 
drunkards and loafers at the saloon, he purchased a quarter's 
worth of whiskey, and hurried back to his sick "pal." 

Ritht tenderly he rubbed the chest and shoulder of the 
sick boy, and all that night watched sleeplessly over the sick 
bed. 

The next morning, Granny Hoyt came in, and, seeing the 
condition of the poor child, got a little linament somewhere, 
and rubbed him. But he grew rapidly worse. His mind 
wandered in the hight of the fever, and he talked of his 
mother and home in the far-off country side. Then he would 
wonder how long it would be till he was "independence." His 
dear "pal" never left his side; but gave him drink, and rub- 
bed him with unceasing care. Sometimes he would fancy he 
was out in the street, as usual, and, in a quivering, high treble, 
call out, "Shine yer boots! shine yer boots! " until the tiny 
voice would die away from exhaustion. 

One night, about midnight, Bob went off to sleep. Jim, who 
was sitting by him, watched with hopeful eyes this welcome 
sleep, and scarcely breathed while it lasted. His own sleep- 
lessness for several nights finally overcame him, and he had 
just dropped into a doze when he heard Bob speak his own 
name. 

He was awake instantly, and leaned over the lad to catch 
his faint whisper: 

"Jim, I've seen my ma, and she's going to take me off to 
them gardens what she lives in." 

A pause. Then the weak voice spoke again, growing 
stronger as he talked. 

"Jim, I've been thinkin' 'bout ye, and ye know yer my pal. 
There's some money in that box, and when they've carried 
me off, I want yer to take it and use it." 

"Oh, Bob, don't j'er talk like that! I don't want yer 
money. Be a man. Bob, and jes' say as how you will live, 
and grow up to be strong. Say, Bob, yer the only pal I've 
got, and don't ye go and leave me, or I'll — I'll" 

And the boy broke into a fit of bitter sobbing. The thought 
of death with all it-i cold horrors had never entered his strong, 
young mind. That his friend would recover was a foregone con- 
clusion with Jim. 

"It's no use," spoke up the weak treble of the dying voice, 
"I'm a goin', Jim. But, see here; I want ye to take the 
money, and then swear to me. Jim" — the dying eyes grew 
very large with earnestness — "that you'll use every penny on 
it to be independence. Swear it, Jim." The sobbing boy 
lifted up his right hand, as he had .seen the witnesses in police 
courts do, and solemnly took the simple oath administered by 
his dying friend. 

"Jim, I wrote on a piece of paper the day after we was 
paW, and put it in the box, and you ken find it arter a little 
bit." 

A little pause in the silent room; then Bob opened his fad- 
ing eyes, and said, quite distinctly: 

"Jim, here's ma. If you ken ever do anything for mother 
or me, ma says you must do it." 

Wonderiugly opening his lips to ask the reason of this 
strange reciuest, Jim had but time to spring to his friend's 
.side, ere he gasped and cried loudly, "Good-by, pal!" And 
Bob died I 

:<• * » * * .» » 

Jim was faithful to his vow. When he opened the little 
box, he found a bit of paper folded up. and he read the words, 
.scrawled by the boyish hand, but dictated by a loving heart: 



8^ 




M 




vJTJ'VEl^ILE in^STI^TJCTOlE?.. 



1S3 



^^^^ 



"If I die, I give this money to my pal, Jim Wilson; for 



him. 



"Bob Allen." 



Jim reverently folded the tiny will, and replacing it in the 
old cigar box, put them both safely away. He was worthy of 
the trust. The death of his beloved pal sobered him; and, 
taking the moLey with a silent resolve never to use one penny 
but for a wise purpose, he commenced on a very low round of 
life's ladder. 

He went steadily up; and when, years after, he was a pros- 
perous merchant, he often drew the little will out and kissed 
it reverently; and he felt no shame for the many tears that 
had stained the paper, for they were a just tribute to his 
youthful friend. 

When the sound of the gospel reached James Wilson, he 
nobly forsook his worldly pleasure to serve the only true and 
living God. And, after he reached Utah, and entered into a 
holy temple, he wonderingly remembered the words of his 
dying friend: 

"If you can ever do anything for mother or me, ma says 
you must do it." 

And as the sacred waters of baptism rolled over his head in 
behalf of his dead friend, his heart joined in the joyous 
anthems of the angels in heaven, who sang, "A soul 
redeemed ! " 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



EARLY LIFE IN THE VALLEY. 



( Continued from pnge 100. ) 

AFT1<;R the lots were given out to the people a united etToi t 
was made to fence the city. Instead of fencing each lot 
separately, each Ward was fenced in one fiwld, and each owner 
of a lot in a Ward built his proportion of the fence. This 
made the work of fencing the lots comparatively easy, and it 
answered every purpose for several seasons. The streets were 
all kept open, but not at their present width. The owners of 
lots cultivated the streets in front of their premises, leaving 
no more than a suflBcient space for travel. At the end of each 
street leading out of the Ward into the main thoroughfares 
which ran around each Ward, there were bars, which every 
one who passed in or out with a team or on horseback was 
required to be careful in putting up. There was no monopoly 
of land allowed, No man was permitted to take up a city lot 
or farming land for purposes of speculation The owners of 
city lots were required to build upon them, it being under- 
stood that they took them up for their individual use only. 
A rule was generally enforced that no unmarried man should 
have a lot unle.'rs he were one of the Pioneers ; if he intended 
to marry and build, then he could have a lot; but not other- 
wise. As time pas.sed on the^e rules were relaxed somewhat ; 
but the spirit which animated President Young and the 
Pioneers was entirely opposed to the monopolization of laud, 
or to its occupation only so far as it could be used and 
improved. Farming land was divided and given out in small 
parcels, so that all could have a proper proportion, and yet 
none have land upon which to speculate. The enforcement 
of this rule made the settlement of the city and the fanning 



lands very compact, and created a community of interest 
which could not have been lelt under other circum.stances. 

The effect of this wise policy is everywhere visible to-day 
throughout this Teritoiy. In no country on the earth is the 
land more evenly distributed among the people than in Utah. 
There is nothing to prevent every man from owning his own 
homestead, and the necessary farming land for his own conven- 
ience and sustenance. There are very few large land owners 
in the Territory, and very lew, if any, pertcns who have taken 
up land to the exclusion of the poor emigrant who comes in 
here from afar, or with a view to charge any new comer who 
may wish to buy, a good round price for the same. The spirit 
which animated President Young and the other leaders of the 
people was to save and benefit the Saints. President Young 
himself, after reaching this valley was desirous that all the 
brethren should select their inheritances before he selected his. 
When he did choose his inheritance, many thought that his 
choice was the most undesirable part of the city. Under 
ordinary circumstances in the world, the men who had been 
the pioneers in selecting and settling a country — as this was 
selected and settled by President Young acd the Twelve 
Apostles and their breihren — would have chosen the best spots 
themselves, and plenty of them, so that, as the country was 
settled up, their lands would have been enhanced in value, 
and they have been enriched thereby. But nothing of this 
kind was done by the Pioneers ; they were content to share 
alike with those who came after them, and to occupy no more 
land than they absolutely needed. This was the spirit and 
action in the first settling of this Territory, and that it was so 
has proved a great advantage to those who have come here 
since, as through this they have been able to procure land 
without difficulty. 

This should always be the spirit of Zion. The selling and 
buying of land for speculative purposes in Zion is radically 
wrong and utterly oppo.scd to the genius of this work. No 
true and permanent prosperity can attend this business. Men 
who sell their inheritances for speculative purposes, or who 
buy others for such purposes have, so far as those transac- 
tions are concerned, lost sight of the object for which Zion is 
established. Some of the brethren have bought land, and 
President Young notably so, because he found many determined 
to sell at some price and to some person, whether Latter- 
day Saint or not. President Young has been forced into the 
purchase of land through this cause. He has urged the 
Saints not to sell their inheritances ; and in numerous instances 
he has felt himself compelled to buy when he did not have 
the means which he could conveniently spare, to save land 
I'rom falling into the hands of the enemies to the kingdom 
of God. But neither he nor any other wise servant of God 
has speculated in land. This city was laid out as a city of 
Zion — as a place of residence for the Saints. The Lord did 
not lead the people here, nor has He blessed the land since 
they came here in order that they might speculate in lands, 
or sell their inheritances to the enemies of His work. The 
men who act as if they thought such a mode of procedure 
legitimate, deceive themselves luost terribly, as they will find 
out in a day to come. 

In laying out the farming land, that next the city was sur- 
veyed into five acre lots. This was for the purpose of accom- 
modating the mechanics and others who would reside in the 
city. Next to the five acre lots the ten acre lots were laid out; 
then the twenty acres, followed by the forty and eighty acre 
lots, upon which farmers could build and reside. All these 
were, for safety and present convenience, enclosed in one com 



jiw 





124 



J-IJ-VEIsrilLE IIsTSTI^TJOTOK.. 




mon fence, each owner of land building in proportion to the 
amount he had in his field, and the fence to be erected in such 
a manner as to be satisfactory to men appointed to inspect and 
accept of it when completed. 

(lobe Contirmed.) 



EASY SCIENCE LESSONS. 



BY SUNNY. 



LESSON IT. 



P Kit HAPS many of my readers are interested in the much, 
used liquiJ, wat r If such is the case, allow me, kind reader, 
to briefly review our knowledge thereof. 

It is known that at ordinary temperatures water is a clear, 
colorless, transparent fluid, and has neither taste nor smell; 
that at the temperature of 32^ F. it freezes; and that its boil- 
ing point, undiT ordinary pressure of the atmosphere, is 212° 
F. If water of any district has taste, it is owing to the fact 
that water possesses remarkable solvent powers, indeed it is 
the most universal solvent known. In percolating through the 
soils, trickliog down the hillsides of the mountains, and fiaally 
ru-ihing through ravines and gorges water is aflforded every facil- 
ity to come in contact with the mineral salts, which readily give 
way un ler this agitated influence and are dissolved. Heat, as 
well as agitation, favors solution, and it was by this means 
that Dr. Turner Uis.solved glass in water; the glass was placed 
in a high- pressure steam-boiler which worked at a tempera- 
ture of v.iHf F. 

Not only is water able to dissolve mineral solids, but it dis- 
solves nearly all ga^es. In this manner life and food are 
brought to every aquatic animal and plant; the former u-ing 
oxygen, the latter carbonic acid gas, both of which are 
abundantly absorbed or dis.-olved by water. 

Though water is never found pure in nature, it docs not fol- 
low that such water is necessary to health: indeed, had we 
perfectly pure water, I am afraid none would drink it, our 
taste would reject it as being '"too flat" in a manner .similar 
to refusing moat, butter, eggs, etc., without salt. 

Natural waters vary in properties and (|uality according to 
the amount and kind of salts they hold in solution; thus, were 
water to contain salts of calcium or magne.sium, it would be 
hnrd water; were neither of these salts in solution, the water 
would be sift; the former curdles and ths; latter dissolves soap. 
Most spring water contains carbonic acid, which gives it a 
sparklingappearance and a sprightly taste. Somespringscbielly 
contain sulphur, which gives to the water a nauseous taste 
and smell. Sodic chloride (common salt) gives a .saline, and 
magnesic chloride, a bitter taste; hence the salty, bitter taste 
of sea water. Water also may contain medicinal proi)erties, 
a.s in sulphur springs, iron springs, etc., who.se eflica- 
cies vary as the amount of mineral in solution varies. 

CO.MPOSITION OK WATKR. 

It is but one century (1784) fcince the ancient idea was 
abandoned that water was one of only four elements in 
existence, and from which all other substances were derived. 
Over sixty elements are now known and it is not improbable 
that science will yet reveal others in the near future. 

However let us return to our .subject. In the year ITSl, a 
great .scientist (Cavendish) began a long and careful series of 



experiments. He obtained some hydrogen gas and mixed 
with it a quantity of atmospheric air, to which he set fire and 
exploded the mixture. The result was a deposit of moisture 
on the sides of the containing vessel which proved to be water. 
After many extremely careful and necessarily tedious repetitions 
of the experiment, Cavendish performed other and similar 
experiments, but now using hydrogen and oxygen gases. The 
result of their burning was water as in the former case when 
air and hydrogen were used. Cavendish correctly reasoned 
that water is a chemical combination of the two gases^ 
hydrogen and oxygen. In the latter experiment nothing but 
hydrogen and oxygen could have created the water, and in the 
former case the same causes produced the same result, viz., 
the hydrogen united with the oxygen of the air and their 
union produced the water. 

But now a sad disappointment awaited Mr. Cavendish. 
Owing to the time occupied in performing all the experiments, 
making the necessary deductions and the writing of his cel- 
ebrated memoir, "Experiments on air," (which, unfortun- 
ately was not published until Jan., lT-<4, at which time it was 
read to the Royal Society), a serious difliculty arose. In the 
mean time other men of learning, not entirely ignorant of 
Mr. Cavendish's doings, contrived to show that they were the 
real discoverers of the composition of water and to whom the 
honor belonged. Foremost among them was James Watts. 

A delay had caused the claims to one of the mostmarvelous 
discoveries the world had ever witnessed, to be contested by 
rivals. And thus originated a vigorous and bitter controversy, 
which, although intermittent, lasted nearly one hundred years, 
long after both Cavendish aud Watts were resting in their 
graves; and to whom the honor should be given, so far as I 
have learned, is not universally decided upon, although it 
appears that the claims of Cavendish outweigh those of his 
opponent. 

It may be of interest to know in what proportions and how 
curiously the elements hydrogen and oxygen unite in forming 
water. 

Were we to place hydrogen and oxygen in a bottle, they 
would mix freely, the particles of each gas mingling with 
those of the other; but no union would occur to form water. How, 
then, can we obtain wa'.er from these two gases? Although 
the particles ol those gases mingle together, a still closer 
contact is necessary for their union — it requires a chemical 
union. Two particles of hydrogen forced on, against, into, 
through and around one particle of oxygen, the three uniting 
and no longer remaining gases, but forming a new compound 
substance in a new form — the liquid water. 

It requires two particles of hydrogen to one of oxygen to 
form water, or a molecule of water. These particles of gas are 
called atoms, which are the smallest particles we can conceive; 
their uni jn to form a melecule of water is the smallest particles 
of a couipnuiid substance which it is possible to conceive. 
Should you divide a molecule of water you would separate 
the atoms and have water no longer, but instead thereof, the 
two gases oxygen and hydrogen. Imagine how small these 
atoms and molecules must be, if Sorby is correct that or e 
thousandth of a cubic inch (or about one drop) of water contains 
:5, TOO, UOO, 1)01), O0n,(iO() molecules! A cubic inch would only 
contain one thousand times as many; but imagine how great 
the number in a gallon or hogshead! Again, if you can, try 
to conceive the number of molecules in a river, a lake or an 
ocean! 

Now cast the mind back to the beginning when a Divine 
law ruled the elements in forming the waters of the universe. 





crTJ"V"EiTini.E nsrsTZR^TJOTOie.. 



1S5 




We are lost in wbnder and admiration. How little we realize 
the efficacy of the laws by which we and all our surroundings 
are governed. 

To enumerate the many uses of water would fill volumes. 
See, therefore, patient reader, if you cannot find pleasure in 
noting some of the many blessings which we derive from this 
bounteous gift of God. 



VARIETIES. 




LIFE IN POMPEII. 

pOMPEII was a summer resort for the luxurious Homans 
-^ twenty centuries ago. Evidences which have come to 
light show that it was a very corrupt, licentious city. Eigh- 
teen hundred years ago this doomed place was covered up from 
the sight of man. Life suddenly ceased. Many people 
doubtless escaped from the dreadful shower of ashes, stones 
and mud which the volcano, Vesuvius, dropped upon the city; 
but they left their homes and their contents behind them. 

For hundreds of years the city lay buried from the sight of 
man. At last its site was discovered. It has been partly 
uncovered. Wonderful discoveries are made. Respecting 
them an English magazine says: 

"Those old Pompeiians were very modern. They had folding 
doors and hot-water urns; they put gratings to their windows, 
and made rockeries in their gardens; their steel-yards are exactly 
like those our own cheese-monger uses. 

Their children had toys like ours — bears, lions, pigs, cats, dogs 
made of clay, and sometimes serving as ju^s also. 

People wrote on walls and cut their names on seats, just as we 
do now. They kept birds in cages. 

They gave tokens at the doors of their places of entertain- 
ment—the people in the gallery had pigeons made of a sort of 
terra cotta. 

They put lamps inside the hollow eyes of the masks that 
adorned their fountains. They even made grottoes of shells — 
vulgarity itself is ancient. 

They ate sausages and hung up strings of onions. They had 
stands for public vehicles, and the school-master used a birch to 
the dunces. 

They put stepping-stones across the roads, that the dainty 
young patrician gentlemen and the pursy old senators might not 
soil their gilded sandals. 

It was never cold enough for their pipes to burst, but they 
turned their water on and off with taps, and their cook-shops 
had marble counters. 

They clapped their otlenders into the stocks; two gladiators 
were there for eighteen hundred years. 

When their crockery broke they riveted it. At Herculuneum 
there is a huge wine-jar half buried in the earth. It has been 
badly broken, but it is so neatly riveted with many rivets, that it 
no doubt held the wine kept as well as ever. 

Those rivets have lasted eighteen hundred yearsi It is a 
strange thing to think about. What would the housewife have 
siiid if someone had told her that her cracked pot would outlast 
the Roman Empire?" 

COMMON SCHOOLS. 

TuE editor of the Washington liepvhli'c docs not believe 
all that is being said in jiraise of common schools just now in 
Congress. Speaking of Senator Blair of New Hatn|)shire, and 
his view.s upon this subject, he says: 

"Ho has been talking the most arrant nonsense as to the mar- 
velous effect of school education on the moral, and perhaps 
physical, improvement of the race. According to him, jails and 
penitentiaries and poor hou.ses are the necessary adjuncts for 



illiteracy; and the way to shut them up forever is to fill the land 
and particularly the Southern States, with school-marms from 
New England. The very safety and continuance of the Repub- 
lic are involved, according to him, in the greater or less percent- 
age of people whom the reliable columns of the census report 
class as illiterate. He seems to forget that it was the illiterates of 
the South, both white and black, in whom the government recog- 
nized its best friends during the rebellion, and that it was the 
educated classes who brought the terrible curse of war upon the 
country." 

Continuing the subject, he says: 

"Our own census is slow in supplying a table of criminal sta- 
tistics; but I have no doubt that, if ever it does come out and if 
it bo at all reliable, it will show that the proportion of crimes is 
much larger in the States where education is supposed to be 
most generally diffused than it is in those States where common 
schools are few and far between. All attempts, therefore, to 
make the General Government contribute to the establishment of 
schools on the ground that the result is to be the improvement of 
the people in point of morals, are attempts to obtain money 
under false pretenses. A little learning may be a convenient 
and desirable thing to the individual; but to the community at 
large it is not an unmixed blessing." 

He takes Dr. Bicknell of Boston, president of the National 
l^iducational Association, to task for the looseness and dis- 
regard of grammatical construction, which he has shown in 
expressing his opinion adverse to a compulsory school law, in 
the following sentence: 

"We are a country that govern ourselves." 

From another part of the doctor's address, where he speaks 
of the supposed relationship between schools and republican 
institutions, the editor quotes: 

"But it is within the possibilites, and the easy possibilities, of all 
our communities as has been proven in communities where 
foreign populations have come in upon us of an illiterate char- 
acter where within one or two generations that stigma, if it is a 
stigma, has been removed, and men and women coming out from 
' such generations have come to be the most stalwart and true and 
intelligent men and women in all the relationship of social, civil 
and political life, which is true throughout our country where 
public school elementary education for all the people has had its 
best and most desirable results. We claim that education can do 
this for the great bodies of the peoples coming in upon us." 

Respecting this quotation the editor of the liepubJic sarcas- 
tio.illy says: 

"I doubt whether Senator Logan, or any other Senator or 
member, could produce anj-thing more unique in its kind than 
the first of my quotations, or more complicated and unintelligible 
than the second. If such murder of the queen's English can be 
perpetrated by the head of the National Educational Association 
the less encouragement given to such heinous criminalty the 
better." 

WHO WILL LEARN TRADES? 

How many of our young men are learning trades? Every 
boy should learn some skilled branch of business. It is said 
that every son of the Emperor of Austria has to learn a trade. 
The Prince Consort of England, the husband of the Queen, 
and frequently called Albert the Good, had his sons work a 
certain portion of each day with tool.-i. The Prince of Wales, 
who when his mother dies, will be king of England, was 
taught in this manner. No matter how rich a man may be, if 
he has the welfare of his sons at heart, he will insist upon 
their learning to work; and if they work with tools, they will 
find it to their advantage in aft^r life, even if they never have 
to depend upon their skill in th ir use for a living. Men .■-killed 
in mcchani.'-m, manufactures and in the arts add greatly to the 
importance and wealth of a country, and no land can be truly 




ViL 



5.-«^ 



126 



J-U-VEn^ILE H^STK.TJO'Z'OI?., 



""^1 



prosperous without them. The following remarks from the 
Atlanta Cmistitution, a paper' published in Georgia, are worthy 
of consideration in connection with this subject: 

"I believe in schools where boys can learn trades. Peter the 
Great left his throne and went to learn how to build a ship, and 
he learned from stem to stern, from hull to mast; and that was 
the beginning of his ftreatness. 

"I know a young man who was poor and smart, and a friend 
sent him to one of the schools up north, and he stayed two years 
and came back as a mining engineer and a bridge builder; and 
last year he planned and built a cotton factory, and is getting a 
large salary. 

"How many college boys are there in the United States who 
can tell what kind of native timber will bear the heaviest bur- 
dens; or why you take white oak for one part uf a wagon and 
ash (or another; or what timber will last longer under water, or 
what out of water? 

"How many know sandstone from limestone, or iron from 
manganese? 

'How many know how to cut a rafter or brace without a pat- 
tern' 

"How many know which turns the fastest, the top of a wheel 
or the bottom, as the wagon moves along the ground. 

"How many know how steel is made, and how a snake can 
climb a tree? 

"How many know that a horse gets up before, and a cow 
behind, and the cow eats grass from her, and the horse eats to 
him? 

"How many know that a surveyor's mark on a tree never gets 
any higher from the ground, or wh.it tree bears fruit without 
bloom? 

"There is a power of comfort in knowledge, but a boy is not 
going to get it unless he wants it bad. and thatis the trouble with 
noost college boys. They don't want it; they are too busy, and 
haven't got time. 

There is more hope of a dull boy who wants knowledge than of 
a genius, for a genius generally knows it all without study. These 
close observers are the world's benefactor.s." 



A JAPANESE EXEGUTIDN. 



liV .1. N. 




A SHORT time ago the writer made the acquaintance of an 
^^ Engli,-h geDtieman who had traveled extensively, having 
vi.sited, among other parts of the world, the.Japane.-:e empire. 
In the course of a conversation he related some details con- 
nected with the execution of three criminals in that country of 
which he was an eye-witnes.s. The subject is not an attraeti\(,- 
one, but the .-tory may serve a double purpose even if it i-^ 
not very desirable in some of its features, by explaining to 
the readers of the Lvstrictok .some of the crude customs of 
a far-olT nation, and causing them to more strongly appre- 
ciate the ble.-sing of living in a civilized country where .such 
scenes are not witnessed. 

The tale is herewith pro.-ented in the exact words of the 
gentleman alluded to: 

"Many years ago. on a tine Augu.st n)orDiug, at a town 
called Iliogo. on the .shores of the inland sea of Japan. I with 
a party nf Europeans had just concluded an enjoyable occupa- 
tion in those (.arts, bathing, when one of the number in 
answer to a question as to what we .should do after breakfast, 
told us that there was to be an execution— three, in fact— and, 
knowing the language and the locality better than most of n.s. 
offered his assistance as guide. Notwithstanding our natural 



repugnance to such things, our curiosity overcame us, and it 
was arranged that we should go and see the beheading of three 
human beings. 

"We were not in accord as to the desirability of seeing the 
execution of three fellow-creatures, but knowing the rascality 
of very many of the lower classes of Japan, we made a start 
for the execution ground. The three doomed men came under 
the category of armed robbers, the penalty for robbery com- 
mitted bv a person armed with any kind of a weapon being 
death. This severit.v has, I believe, since been modified some- 
what. At that time these ruffians caied little for life, their 
own or the lives of others, and it has often been noted by the 
foreign journals, published in the country, that, after all, the 
Japanese government does the only thing it can with them. 

"We wandered a considerable distance, along winding 
thoroughfares, some of them very narrow, crowded with talk- 
ative natives, busy with their morning labors, through whose 
ranks ever and anon cut the jitm'cksho, or small carriage for 
passengers, drawn by coolies. 

"We had not gone far before we overtook the three ill-fated 
men with their hands bound behind them. They were walk- 
ing slowly, guarded by police, armed with swords. The people 
looked at them, some seriously, but most of them in that care- 
less way peculiar to Asiatics. As they wended their way to 
death, the women, .seeing the crowd following, would furtively 
peep out of their dwellings, private houses and teahouses, 
and on learning the facts from some one near, shut the sliding 
doors with a bang in mortal fear. The crowds collected and 
dispersed, and the men went on, on, nearer to death. The 
busy world left them to their fate, and .soon forgot them. 

"We pushed forward and arrived at the ground before the 
prisoners did. It was a field on the outskirts of the town. 
On three sides were the suburban dwellings, and on the other 
the waving rice fields, filled with food for the nation, and far 
away their native hills aod lovely mountains, still enveloped 
in part with the rising dew. 

"On the town side was a small wooden house, a wretched- 
looking affair, into which the men, we were told, would be led 
to have their eyes bandaged and await their doom, each one 
in his turn. On the town si'^e of the field, which was sur- 
rounded by a temporary fence, was a hole in the ground, some 
two feet by one, and one foot deep. On the side of the field 
facing this were a few forms or seats for the officials of the 
Saniurrii class, armed with swords, who were djputed 
to see the law carried into effect. 

"Around the fence was a motley crowd of all ages, men, 
women and little children, clothed 'in all the colors of the 
rainbow,' dark blue predominating, bareheaded, as was the 
custom, chatting away regardle.'s of the serious programme 
under way. 

"The doomed men soon arrived and were u.shered into the 
hut before mentioned, there to gaze upon each other for the 
last time, and have their eyes bandaged. 

"The crowd had increased and one of the men was brought 
out and led towards the hole, before which. I may mention, 
was spread a mat with loops at the sides. On this he was 
told to kneel. As he went along he passed the executi()ner 
without knowing it. The latter on seeing him emerge from 
the hut, dipped his hand into a bucket of fresh water, ran it 
along the glittering blade, and walking towards the cul[)rif. 
raised it in the air, and with one blow severed the man's head 
fromhisbody. Theculpriton kneeling down on the mat, was laid 
hold of gently by the bandige around his eyes by a pfirson in 
front of him, and by another by the bandage round the waist 




v\p^* 



CTTJ'VElsriXjE IIsrSTI^TJGTOK/. 



127 



I 



and by another behind, leaving the decapitated head in the 
hands of the person in front. 

"The first of the three came along gently and met his fate 
meekly. The second was of sterner stuff, probably a veritable 
murderer. However that may be, he abused the officials in 
front who, he said, had caused him unnecessary pain in prison, 
wishing that his spirit might haunt them in this world and in 
the next, in fact everywhere and at all seasons. For this, as 
he was speaking, in the act of kneeling, hishead was taken oflF 
and rolled like a ball along the ground, to the amusement of 
the crowd, some of the little ones clapping their hands at the 
sight. The third one was the most timid and had to be 
assisted. He, in mortal dread, acknowledged his guilt and 
the justice of the sentence." 



NATURE'S INSTRUCTIONS. 




SPORTSMEN who have wandered amidst the haunts of 
wild animals, where man is rarely a visitor, have often 
noticed that the creatures which are there found seem to be 
part and parcel of the country they inhabit, and to be so 
similar in many respects to their surroundings, that it is diffi- 
cult to distinguish even the ]arf:est animals. Thus the caniel- 
opard may be easily overlooked as he stands among the leaf- 
less stems of dead trees. The lictbok, or ourebi, crouching 
on the plain, are easily mistaken for the ant-hill or dead aloe ; 
while the dark-coated buflFalo, amid the gloom of the dense 
bush, is not readily seen as long as he remains motionless. 
Those creatures, however, which do not possess these means of 
concealment, or whose bulk or color is such as to render them 
easily visible in the country they inhabit, are usually pro- 
vided with keen sight and scent, and also with great 
speed. 

Thus the black and white plumed ostrich, for example, from 
its contrast to the plains on which it feeds, can easily be seen 
at a distance, its black and white plumes immediately attract- 
ing attention. This bird is therefore provided with a keen- 
ness of vision and a speed unrivaled by any other creature in 
creation. "Keen-sighted and swift as the ostrich" is a 
common comparison, for no animal which we have ever 
encountered is equal in these two senses to the bird whose 
plumes adorn our dames. 

Those animals, again, which live in the forest possess most 
acute hearing and scent, and thus by the aid of these two 
senses are enabled to avoid many dangers which would be fatal 
to less gifted creatures. The rhinoceros and hippopotamus, 
unwieldy animals, to whom neither speed nor vast acuteness 
of senses ttav* been given, are provided with hides the impe- 
netrability of which is sufficient to protect them. Other ani- 
mals, such as elands, blesbok, springbok, etc., which are not 
ably provided by Nature to escape dangers, exist in such 
numbers, and propagate their species so rapidly, that neither 
death nor beasts of prey produce any great reduction of their 
numbers. 

Beasts of prey, such as lions and other species of the cat 
tribe, are usually so tinted as to be almost indistinguis-hable 
from the ground or foliage amid which they prowl. A lion, 
crouching in the long, dry grass of an African plain, is almost 
invisible ; while a tiger, reposing in an Indian .jungle, where 
dark-brown or black weeds are tangled in a mass, is even more 
imperceptible to average eyes. But of what avail would these 
attributes be if the creatures possessed hoofs like horses ? for 
their tread would then be audible to the timid residents of 
the plains or jungle, who could then easily make their escape. 



But Nature has not done her work by halves, for she has given 
to such animals a soft, padded foot, by means of which they 
can stealthily prowl about ; and thus guarded against the 
power of eyes and ears, the members of the feline tribe easily 
procure their prey, and maintain the balance of the two 
powers. 

It seems to be a rule that two senses in perfection are 
ample, either for procuring prey or for enabling a creature to 
obtain a certain amount of safety. Thus we rarely, if ever, 
find a case in which smell, sight and hearing are all three 
highly developed. The elephant, for example, possesses scent 
and hearing, while its .sight is comparatively weak ; and 
several other creatures, among which is man, possess sight and 
hearing in excess of scent. 

There seems, however, to be a desire on the part of Nature 
to give a chance to each side, and to leave some opening by 
means of which various creatures may combat bj' their senses 
with each other. Just as man, cast on earth, as it were, inde- 
dently of his will, is left to judge between good and evil, and to 
make use of the senses which have been given to him, so in 
many cases animals possess senses which enable them to avoid 
those dangers into which the least watchful of their herd 
ea.sily fall. Although nearly all the beasts of prey are of such 
a color as almost to avoid detection, and are enabled to move 
about in the most silent manner, yet, with scarcely an excep- 
tion, they all emit strong exhalations, which a keen-scented 
and watchful animal may easily perceive. All the cat tribe in 
a natural state are easily smelt ; the crocodile, which is 
scarcely distinguishable from a log of wood as it reposes in the 
marshy jungle, is readily discovered by its odor of musk ; 
besides which, almost all nocturnal animals of prey utter 
noises which announce their presence or precede it, and thus 
forewarn animals of their danger. 

{To he Continued.) 



Choice op Books in Reading. — Young readers — you, 
whose hearts are open, whose understandings are not yet 
hardened, and whose feelings are neither exhausted nor 
encrusted with the world, take from me a better rule than 
any professors of criticism will teach you ! Would you know 
whether the tendency of a book is good or evil, examine in 
what state of mind you lay it down. Has it induced you to 
suspect that what you have been accustomed to think unlawful, 
may after all be innocent, and that may be harmless which 
you have hitherto been taught to think dangerous? Has it 
tended to make you dissatisfied and impatient under the 
control of others, and disposed you to relax in that self-govern- 
ment without which both the laws of God and man tell us 
there can be no virtue, and consequently no happiness? Has 
it attempted to abate your admiration and reverence for what 
is great and good, and to diminish in you the love of 
your country and your fellow-creatures? Has it addressed 
itself to your pride, your vanity, your selfishness or any of 
your evil propensities? Has it defiled the imagination with 
what is loathsome, and shocked the heart with what is 
monstrous? Has it disturbed the sense of right and wrong 
which the Creator has implanted in the human soul? If so, 
if you have felt that such were the effects that it was intended 
to produce, throw the book in the fire, whatever name it may 
bear on the title-page ! Throw it in the lire, young man, 
though it .should have been the gift of a friend ; young lady, 
away with the whole set, though it should be the prominent 
furniture in the rosewood bookcase. 



!^S 






f 128 



U* 



cTTJ-v^mnsrxLE in^sTi^TjoToie;, 




SONG OF TRIUMPM. 



Words by H. W. NAisBiTr 



Musio BY E. Beesley. 



Vo CE. 



Organ. 



-fe 



i^l 



->^^— »T 



r^zz^: 



-JS-S=». 



?c-^: 



::t=: 









Thekingsof the rarth have de- sir- ed this day, And prophets have told in the lands far a -way, The 



rBEE 



t^ 

^'^. 



m. 



-=l--^fl- 






ifeE^i^^^E 



— p-=l-^ — ^ — p— j-» p * — p — -] 






last dis - pens -a - tion should gather in one All good things in heaven with those 'neath the sun. 







i;^; 



if 



^s=»^ 



:q= 



i^*=*=* 






S.^-qr=z==" 






::^==F 



:^=^*= 



:=!= 






5-i — ?j— l_=l^- ^^^:~_T— qza=:zp=_ ^=q=r=;'iq -m-—» — m — m-—rFr 



ipi=» 



^=d= 






:=1: 



r^:=i^-q==l- 



i 



:iiq=S- 



Israel is onward and upward in aim; The Zi - on of God is in creasing in fame; The 









=>-^: 












:t=t«=t^— t: 



iS.z=^: 



I 



B:=r=^=-,— i^P=-— idr*==Pi=P=5n=Sdzg^-^=:P=*=^-=??r3=»==p^zr:i==^,-.z=l 



world IS amazed, but the Saints are vet free. For triumph is based on Je - ho - vah's de - cree. 









^ 1 — - — 



The gospel is preached as a witness once more, 
The kingdom of heaven is nigh at the door; 
Hero gathered, as seen by the prophets of old, 
The scattered of Israel all into one fold. 

The valleys ol' Kphraim are filling with youth 
Whose greatest devotion and love is for truth 



EN lOM A 




In oceans, rivers, lakes and seas, 
In grasses, shrubs and fruit,s, and trees. 
On mountains and on plains I'm found. 
And 'mong the rocks, deep in the ground; 
Flxisting also high in air — 



They're helping to build up the kingdom of (Jod, 
And spreading the gospel in nations abroad. 

Praise God, O ye lands, let His Saints swell the strain, 
Till peace and good will universally reign; 
When this will be done on the earth as above, 
All nations .•■hall bask in the sunshine of love. 



Id fact, I'm found most everywhere. 
I have no taste, I have no smell. 
And what my color none can tell; 
Without me no one could e.xist; 
Tn find ot what I do consist 
Examine all this paper well, 
I'm sure in some place it will tell. 




1852. 1883. 

BAIN WAGON DEPOT. 

HAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
trade of 1883, one of the hest selected 
and assorted stock of PAKM, FREKJHT & 
SPEING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
sale in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the PubUc generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc., etc., all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank— Oak Ash and Hickory— to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq., has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by all 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of. this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. B\it a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
are, for cloth binding, $2.50: leather, $3.00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyruin Smith, Together with a Con- 
cise Review of the Most Prominent lucidenta 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 1846. By Lyman 0. Llttlefield. For 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 eta. 



pARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIS- 
^ TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series," is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



SUBSOEIBE for the JUVENILE INSTRUC- 
TOR. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapte to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volume published is as interest- 
ing now as when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instructor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 montlis, 50 cts. 
" " . . . . six montlis, - - 1,00. 

" " " . - . . cue year, - . 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, ... In half calf, 2,60. 
" two In one book, - - - . ".---.. 4,75. 

three ""-... in cloth, - . . . 7,00. 
Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 
01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



BOOK BINDING, by an experienced 
workman, in all stj'les and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 
them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

/^HURCH WORKS, in complete Sets, con- 
sisting of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine 
and Covenants, Key to Theology, Voice of 
Warning, Spencer's Letters and Hymn Book, 
all Bound in Morocco, Gilt, extra embossed. 
For sale at this office. Price $ 1 3. 00 and $1 3. 50. 

THE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
at our last Semi-Annual Conference are 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and a.ssooia- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE 
LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMI'ffl, Published by 
the Descret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



DAVID JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 
Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 
Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 



No. 69 Main Street, 1 

Salt Lake City, Utah. / 



P. O. Box 301 
12-15tf 



i-i-mHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!" 

^ And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z, C M. I. 
H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.-Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, ! 
Norions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets made and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the best style, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

H. iS. Bldrkdqe, riupt. 



PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
Minutes of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 ct., and 20 ct.. The best and 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

"DEPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the Juvenilk 
Instructor Oiiice, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reason able terms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other h ..ips to 
the study of the scriptures — the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3.10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



BACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volumes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



MARTIAL BAND MUSIC.-We have for 
sale at this Office the second set of music 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published by 
the Deserct Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



1860. 



ESTABLISHED 



DAVID O. CAIiDER, 

Salt Lake City, 
Importer, Jobber and Ectail Dealer m all 
kinds of MUSICAL INSTEUMENTS and 
MUSICAL MERCHANDISE. 

General Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
of the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
Whose organs are acknowledged, the world 
over, to be the very best made. Each one of 
the 1,800 sold in this Territory is the stronsest 
evidence of their durability and superior excel- 
lence. Several New and A'^ahiable Improvements 
have been added lately to their in.struments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
-^e taking the first rank in this and other 
countries. The largest dealers are competing 
for the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
sold by me has given perfect satisfaction. 

W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
Are splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
warranted. They exceed anything in the mar- 
ket at the price, and very much superior to 
many at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
Of Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sous, Hard- 
man, Dowling & Peck, and Bohr Bros. & Co. 

These Pianos are certainly the best of their 
class made. 

BR.'^S AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 

I am now prepared to fill orders foi- all grades 
of music for Bra.ss and Orchestral Band.s, in- 
struction books for all instruments, how to ar- 
range for orche.stras and bands, how to teach 
bands, drum-major's guide, etc., Published by 
J. W. Pepper, B. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
Fischei^ and Thompson and Odell, at their 
prices. 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Oroan Instructors. 

White's School, 
Whitney's School, - 
Sudds' School, 

Piano Instructors. 
Sudds' School, 
(lordon's School, 
Bcllak'a School, 

' (I ti 

Blake's School, 



PnblUben' 
PritB. 


PncM, 


KaUtd 
Prices. 


2 50 


1 00 


1 20 


2 .50 


1 25 


1 50 


2 .50 


1 35 


1 65 


3 25 


2 50 


2 75 


3 25 


2 50 


2 75 


75 


45 


55 


1 00 


50 


60 


75 


40 


50 


1 00 


45 


60 



75 



75 



50 



60 



30 35 



American Instructors for all 

InstrumcDts, 
Winner's Instructors for all 

In.struments, 
Song Folio: 208 pages of 

the most Popular Songs, 

with Pi^o or Organ Ao- 

conipaoipient, 
Folio of Sliisic, 208 pages: 

a magnificent collection 

of Music for Organ or 

Piano, - - - 

Songs and Ballads: 100 

Songs and Music, new and 

popular, 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of _ 
the above in.stmments can be had on appl: 
cation. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 
and prompt attention. 



60 



60 



10 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PR.4TT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writings of 

this Great and Good Man, we have Priuted them in Book 

Just issued and for sale at this j I^^rm. and wilUell this Work of 3D0 Pnges for the Escced- 

irgly Low Figure of 75 cents per Single Copy. Postpaid. 



^yUE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 
FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds. 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promotinc. 
Series." 
Office. Price 25 cents. 

CCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
^ Book of the "Faith Promoti.ng Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at thl^ 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 

A N INTERESTING T\'ORK.-The Hand 

of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 

/^GDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. L, atOgden, 
^— ' Weber Co. — A Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise on hand, at bed rock prices. 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sbars, Manager. 



THE HAND-BOOK OF 
REFEKEjVCE, 

It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
erites the Religion and Country of the Saints, and coutiiins 
a great varieiy of Vahiable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourists and JSe^dents. Price, 
Postpaid, 50 cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LYDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Published, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Prioe, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructok Office, Salt Lake City. 



PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S 
■^ JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cent* 



Z. C. M. L TANNERY, Sdlt Lake City, 
Manufacturob Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skin;, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Silita, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at 'Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supl. 



RSTABliISUKD 18ST. 

FURNITURE.— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc. .,.' ; 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, SaJtLake 
City, Utah. 13-15 t. f. 



A NEW BOOK.— The Life of Nephi, 
■^~*- The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, iu Judea, to the land which is now 
known as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Br.ok of the FaithPromoting Series. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents. 



VION'S CO-OPERATR'i; MERCANTILE 
^ INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredoe, Supt. 



T OGAN BRANCH Z. C.- M. I., at Logan, 
J_v Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete as.sort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

B. S. WA.T80N, Manager. 



'VirRITINGS FROM THE "WE3TERN 

STANDARD," is the title of a book of 

512 pages, which we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interests 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



PLT^R^U. MARRIAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty- four page tract entitled 
True versus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the go.spel arec-xjilained in a 
clear and pica.iing manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" pjider and 
several non-"Mornjorns" are the actors. Price 
3 cts each or $3 25 per hundred, post paid. 



