?£>ft>ft>%>^^ 







«3» (PUBLISHED SEMI-MONTHLY,) Jp 



An m 



ustrated Magaz^ e 



DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. 



George Q. Cannon, Editor. 




Z) Tin. 9. 



CONTENTS 



**&£8%&G%& 



Vol. l<» 



A Scene In Central Africa. (Illustrated-) 
Prize Dialogue, "What In Charity," l>y 
i [omapoB< 

Travels lu India, liy Win. I 'ol 1 1 ■ i [oghamu 
IIUloi) of the Church. 
Harmony of 'Genesis and Geology, by J.II.W 
KlghtSccnes In a Great City, !■>■ Kcnnon. 
Topic* of I he Times, liy The Editor. 
j - Editorial Thoughts. 



A Fierce Vengeance, by Newaygo, 
Lord Nelson. 
Interesting Incidents. 
Co-opcraf ton, by J, C. 
A Bern Kalr, by A. \\ . i . 
The Clock-Work of the Uraln. 
When Shall we Meet Thee, Word! :inii tfulo 
by B. I'. l':iir) , 






?SgK£ 







Published by George Q. Cannon, 

AT SALT LAKE CITY, U. T. 

Office, South Temple St, between First and Second West Sts. 




XX 




-J. 



JUST RECEIVED 

AT THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE, AND 

FOR SALE CHEAPER THAN AT ANY 

OTHER PLACE IN TOWN. 

HANDSOME PICTURE BOOK5, suitable for holiday presents, at prices 

ranging from 10 cts. to $3.00. 
THE POETS, red-line edition, in elegant gilt binding. Very appropriate for 

holiday presents. 
FAM 1LY KIBLES, illustrated, in handsome, durable binding. 
AUTOGRAPH ALBUMS, in many different styles, from 10 cts. each upwards. 
POCKET BOOKS in almost endless variety, from 10 cts. to 54.00 each. 
MARK TWAIN'S SCRAP BOOKS, in various sizes and stvles. 
RUBBER POCKET INKSTANDS AND PENHOLDERS, the best and 

cheapest. 
AUTOMATIC PENCCLS, the handiest ever invented for carrying in the 

pocket. 
SMALL RECORDS, in leather binding, designed especially for keeping a 

daily journal in, in many styles and sizes. 
BLANK BOOKS of all kinds, from the smallest memorandum up to large, 

full-bound ledgers. 
INDELIBLE PENCILS, suitable for marking linen. 
LEAD PENCILS, from Faber's, Dixon's and other noted manufactories, from 

the cheapest to the very best. 
WRITING PAPER, in all the different sizes, and of varied quality and price. 
WRITING FLUIDS AND COPYING INKS, from Arnold's, Sauford's, 

Goddard's, etc, in all sized bottles. 
PENS, Gillott's Esterbrook's etc., of all grades, by the box or loose. 
PAPETERIE, in many different sizes and styles. 
ENVELOPES of all sizes and styles. 
WEDDING CARDS, with envelopes to match, in many different styles. Can 

be printed on short notice if desired. 
AUTOMATIC BOOK AND SHAWL STRAPS, a very handy invention, 35 
to 50 cts. each. 
EEW A KD CARDS for Sunday or day schools, from the cheapest to the most 

elaborate and handsome. 
PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, (our own make), suitable for students to write their 

exercises in, or for any person to take minutes of meetings in. Paper 

good for either pen or pencil writing. Ruled, 20 cts., plain, 15 cts. 



-+— 



PARTIAL. CATALOGUE 

OF 

CHURCH PUBLICATIONS 

FOR SALE AT TOE 

JQVBNIIkg DN!STRUGT@R ©FFtGE, 

Salt Zalce City, Vtah. 



BOOK OF MORMON, with references, R'oan, 1.75; Calf grain gilt, 2.50; 

Morocco, extra gilt, $3.00. 
DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references, Cloth, 1.00; Leather, 1.25, 

Calf grain, gilt, 82.50; Morocco, extra gill, $3.00. 
8PENCER'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the 

Church, Cloth, 81.00; Roan, $1.25; Calf grain, gilt, $1.60; Morocco, gilt, $2.25. 
KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 75cts.; 

Roan, $1 00; Calf grain, $1.50; Morocco, gilt, $2.00. 
PEARL OF GREAT PRICE, Paper, 30 cts.; Boards, 40 cts.; Cloth, 50cts.; Cloth 

gilt, 60 cts. 
DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY? discussion between Elder 

O. Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which is added threo discourses on 

celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, George A. Smith and George Q. 

Cannon, 25cts. 
A REVIEW of the Decision or the Supreme Court of the U. S. in the case oi 

Geo. Reynolds, by Geo. Q. Cannon, 25cts. 

FRUITS OF MORMONISM, by A. M. Musser, 25cts. 

THE MORMON QUESTION, correspondence between Vice President Schuy- 
ler Colfax and President John Taylor, JOcts. 

DEATH OF PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG, with sketches of his life and 
labors, lOcts. 

DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, It* 
faith and teachings. A 24 pago tract, by Elder John Morgan, 40cts. per 
dozen. 

THE PLAN OF SALVATION, a tract of 24 pages, by Elder John Morgan, 
40cls. per dozen. 

FIRST BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 10 cts. 
SECOND BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 20 cts. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, lOcts. 

MY FIRST MISSION, a narrative of personal experience as a missionary 
upon the Sandwich Islands, containing an account of the Introduction of 
the gospel to the Hawaiian people, interesting description of their cus- 
toms, etc., by Elder Georgo Q. Cannon, 25cts. 

A STRING OF PEARLS, containing the following interesting sketches 
embracing a variety of subjects, and written by a number of well-known 
authors, among whom are President John Taylor, the late Elder W. C. 
Staines, and others: Among the Poncas; Anecdotes of Elder J. if. Grant- 



War lli.ll; Sign Seeking; Missionary tnchUinls; Journey Across the Plains; Mary 
of a II U; A Prophesy and Us Fulfillment; Guulel by Providence; Fulfillment 
of Promise; You Shall not be Confounded; An Effective Plea; A Life Sketch; 
Cases of Miraculous Hading; Answer to Prayer; Joseph Smith's Plrst Prayer, 
25cts. 

LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL, by President W. Woodruff, sketches 
of liis wonderful missionary experience, and the most interesting inci- 
dents of his life, together with his testimony oncerning the ministrations 
of the Holy Spirit, 25cts. 

GEMS FOR THE YOUNG FOLKS, Sketches of personal experience 
etc., by Bishops A. A. Kimball, Benjamin Brown, Elder H. G. Boyle and 
others, embracing the following: Finding a Father; Saved by Providence; 
Warnings of lite Spirit; Robert Hamilton; How Success is Gained; Help in 
Time of Need; Overcoming Diffidence; The Lord wi.ll Provide; Dialogue on 
Religion; Testimonies for the Truth, 25ctS. 

JACOB HA.MBLlN.a narrative of his personal experience, as a frontiersman, 
missionary to the Indians and explorer, dis-losing interpositions of 
Providence, severe privations, perilous situations and remarkable escapes, 
35cts. 

FRAGMENTS OF EXPEPIENVE, the Sixth book of the Faith-Promoting 
Series, a collection of sketches by a number of well-known authors, 
among whom. are Presidents Anson Call, W. W. Cluffand William Budge, 
Bisllup L. D. Young and others, 25cts. 

PRESIDENT HEBEIt C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," a narrative of the principal incidents in the 
career of one of the most remarkable men of the age, including an 
account of the introduction of the gospel into GreatBritain— an intensely 
interesting volume, 25 cts. 

EARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIST HIY, the eighth book of the "Faith- 
Promoting Series," a collection of incidents from the lives of Elders of 
the Church in early days, showing how the power of God has been dis- 
played in scores of instances in behalf of the Saints in healing the sick, 
etc. It includes the following sketches: Shotv us a Sign; Contest tcilh Eiil 
Sjiirils; liirly ICsperience of A. O. Smool; Scenes in the British Mission; Re- 
markable lleathujs; Pltilo Dibble's Narrative; 25 cts. 

THE LIFE OF NLP1II, The Son of Lchi, who emigrated from Jerusalem, 
iu .1 mien, to the land which is now known as South America, about six 
centuries before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. Cannon, of the 
First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day S.iinls. 
Ninth Buck of the Faith-Promoting Skries. Published and for sale 
at this Oilice. Pi ice 25 cents. 

SCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth Book of the Faith-Pr&jiotixq 
ShitiKS, containing some very Interesting items from the Journals of 
Killers John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel Knight. Price per copy 25 
cents. 

INTEMPERANCE; an Appeal to the Youth of Zion, 24 pages, paper cover, 
5 cents. 

JAQUES ! CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN, stiff covers, 15cts.; cloth gilt, 30cts.; 

HYMN BOOK, Sixteenth Edition, Roan, 75cts.; Calf grain, $.1.00; Calf grain, 
gill, 81.10; Morocco, extra gilt, $1.65. 

"MORMON" DOCTRINE, Plain and Simple, or Leaves from the Tree of Life 
an explanation of the principles of the Gospel in twelve tersely written 
chapters, followed by an original poem and an appendix giving scriptural 
references for all the subjects treated upon in the body of the work. A 
handy volume for anyone, 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE MORMON BATTALION, by Sergeant D. Tyler, a com- 
plete account of the experience of that renowned body of men, together 
with the causes that led to their enlistment, and various other matters of 
interest. A most important and interesting history. Cloth, $2.50; 
leather, 3.00 ; morocco, gilt, $4.25. 

BAPTISM FOR THE RFMISSION OF SINS, a four-page Tract, by Elder 
C. II. Bliss, ]4ct. each. 

IS BAPTISM ESSENTIAL TO SALVATION? a tract of 4 pages, by C. H. 
Bliss, ]4 tent each. 

THE YEAR OF JUBILEE, a report of the proceedings at the Fiftieth 
Annual Conference of the Church 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE SEVENTIES, by Joseph 

Young, Sen., 25cts. 
CATECHISM CARDS— Restoration ot the Gospel, First r-rinciples of the 

Gospel; The Book of Mormon; The Word of Wisdom; John the Baptist; 

The First Commandment; Angels; Self-Denial; Reward; Chapter on Prayer; 

Wisdom; The Knowledge of God; Love for One Another; Love of God; 

Prayer; The Third Commandment; Cards containing thoArticlesof Faith; 

The blessings on the Bread and Wine; and the Ten Cominandmeuts, 

Price, let. each, or $1.00 per 100. 
A VOICE FROM THE MOUNTAINS, a Testimony of tho Truth of the 

Gospel as Pevealcd to Joseph Smith, 24 pages, paper cover, 10 cents: 
THE MODERN PROPHET, a 24-page tract, by Elder John Nicholson, 3 cts. 
POEMS, religious, historical and political, by Eliza R. Snow, Vol. 1, cloth, 

60els.; cloth, gilt, 75cts.; morocco, gill, $2.25; Vol. 2, cloth $1.00; cloth, gilt, 

$1.25; calf, gilt, $2.00; morocco, gill, $2.25. 
GLAD TIDINGS OK GREaT JOY, an 8-page tract, 1 cent each. 
MILLENNIAL STAR, Vols. 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 3D, 40 and 41, $2.00 per ToL 
THE MARTYRS, by Lyman O. Litllelicld,50 cts. 
VOICE OF WARNING, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 50 cts; Lcatherct, 65cU.; 

Calf grain, $1.10; Morroco, extra gilt, $175, 
ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD, by President John Taylor, lOcts. 
BOOK OF ABRAHAM, it3 authenticity established, by Geo. Reynolds, 25cts. 
THE UTAH PIONEERS, celebration of the entrance of the pioneers into 

Groat Salt Lake Valley, etc., lOcts. 




A SCENE IN CENTRAL AFRICA 



OUR readers can get an idea, by looking at the engraving 
here given, of one of the ways in which the wives of 
African chiefs travel. The frame upon which the woman sits 
is made of light, tough wood, and is covered with cloth of 
brilliant colors; the poles by which it is carried are very elastic 
and strong, thus making this mode of travel not at all unpleas- 
ant. 

Our engraving represents the wife of a successful chief, who 
is going out with her 
long train of attend- 
ants to meet her lord. 
He has been waging 
a war with a neigh- 
boring tribe and his 
wife, as is customary, 
remained secluded 
until after the success 
of his undertaking 
was proclaimed. She 
then exultantly came 
forth from her seclu- 
sion and led her joy- 
ful subjects to meet 
their master. Had 
this chief fallen in 
war or been made 
captive, his wife 
would either have 
destroyed herself or 
been added to the 
household of the suc- 
cessful leader. 

The number of dif- 
ferent tribes in Africa 
is almost CDdless, and 
the variety of language is also very great. Although kings 
are generally chosen to preside over the various tribes and 
nations, their power is not absolute: each one must consult 
with the "head men" of his tribe in regard to any and all 
important measures. These "head men" are of the more 
intelligent and wealthy classes, and form the aristocracy among 
each tribe. Women arc generally found in a very degraded 
position, yet the wife or wives of the king (for a plurality of 




wives is not forbidden) often take part in the council, or rather 
"palaver," and exercise their influence in the affairs of state. 
In times of peace the tribes of the interior barter with 
each other quite extensively. The trading is principally done 
by the chieftains or by men specially appointed for that labor, 
who are very much respected by the people. The law of pay- 
ment among these uncivilized races is very severe: where debts 
are contracted and payment is delayed, not only is the debtor 

himself, but in his 
absence, any member 
of his family liable 
to be seized and re- 
tained or sold as a 
slave. Thus creditors 
are secured in their 
loans. Numerous are 
the cases in which the 
domestic peace of a 
family has been de- 
stroyed by the action 
of an exacting cred- 
itor, who has cruelly 
seized and disposed of 
the person of his un- 
fortunate fellow-man. 
It is stated upon 
good authority that, 
notwithstanding the 
protestations of civil- 
ized nations, slavery 
is still carried on quite 
extensively in parts 
of that benighted con- 
tinent. Vet there is 
little hope of a com- 
plete reformation in this respect until mankind ceases to be 
avaricious, and the negro race has ascended to a higher plane 
of intelligence. 



Give me the liberty to know, to think, to believe and to utter 
freely, according to conscience, above all other liberties. -Milton. 



*x 




18 



J - IT "VIE IN" I LIE UsTSTE/TJOTOB. 






3?vv?c ^BMm 



WHAT IS CHARITY P 



BY SUSA YOUNG GATES. 



Mother, 



CHARACTERS: 

Lizzie. Frank, 



Jesse. 



SCENE I. — A sitting-room; chairs, stool, table, and work 
basket on table. Mother discovered sewing at table, children 
standing near her with hat and caps in hand. 

Mother. "Well, my dears, to-day is Saturday, and you 
must have something to occupy you. It is a lovely morning, 
and I would like to have you spend the time out of doors if 
I can think of something useful for you to do. Your morn- 
ing chores are all done and you have the most of the day 
before you." (Pauses and puts her hand to her forehead as 
though in thought.) "What was the subject of your pres- 
ident's remarks in your last primary meeting?'' 

Frank. "She did not have any particular subject, mother, 
but she told us to think over the principle of charity, and 
when we came next time, we were to tell her our conclusions 
and reflections." 

M. "That would be comparatively easy for you, Prank, who 
are almost a young man, and soon to advance to the young 
men's mutual improvement association; but for Lizzie, who 
was nine last birthday, and my baby, Jesse, who is only six 
years old, it will be a much more difficult task. However, I 
think I can arrange a plan that will practically illustrate the 
principle, and thus teach you far more forcibly than can be 
done through words alone. My plan will also take you out of 
doors and give you some exercise. What do you say, chil- 
dren?" 

Lizzie. (Leaning on her mother's knee.) "If you don't need 
me at home, mamma, I should like to go out with Frank and 
Jesse. But will we be gone all day? Hattie Free was com- 
ing to play with me, and we were going to make doll clothes 
this afternoon; shall I go and tell her not to come?" 

M. "No, my dear, it will not be necessary for you to be out 
all day, and you and Hattie can have your play this afternoon. 
Now, I must caution you to be careful and not tell each other 
your secrets until you first tell me. My plan is this: I will 
give each of you twenty-five cents, and let you go away for a 
few hours. Frank, you must have a care for Jesse, although 
he is to have his liberty to go about. Now this money (giving 
each a quarter) is your own, and I wish you to use it, as nearly 
as you can in real charity. Try and bring your memories, and 
also your common sense, to bear on what you may have heard 
or thought about the principle of charity, then act accordingly. 
At the close of the afternoon, or about sunset, you must all 
come to me here and relate what has happened to you, what 
you have done or said, and how you have used your money. 
Now then, kiss me good-by, and scamper off as fast as you 
like. Be careful where you go, don't spend your money for 
anything but charity, and don't remain out after 5 o'clock." 
( They kiss their mother and run nf R. V. E. ) 
( Curtain falls.) 



SCENE II. (Same as Scene I.) — Frank and Jesse enter 
R. U. E., taking off caps as they enter. Lizzie enters L. U. 
E. carrying doll ami looking sad.) 




Jesse. "Lizzie, have you been cryin'? Broke your dollie? 
Never mind, when I'm a man, I'll buy you a real live baby, 
and it'll cry and open and shut its eyes. So don't you mind." 

Tj. "I didn't break my doll, Jesse, but I mui-t not tell you 
what I've been crying about, for mamma told us not to tell." 

J. "No, you mustn't tell your 'secres,' 'cause then maybe 
mamma wouldn't let us go to primary." 

F. "Hush, children, here comes mother." 

(Enter mother R. U. E.) 

M. "Welcome, little rovers! Now, come and tell your 
stories of the day's experiences. Jessie, crae to mamma- 
(Takes him on her knee.) Where have you been? And what 
have you done with your money?" 

./. "You know, mamma, you said to do charity with it, 
and I just gave it to a ragged old man without any leg but 
one; and he said, 'God bless your pretty eyes!' and then he 
rubbed his eye 5, and bio wed his nose such a big blow! Was 
I charity?" 

M. "Dear little Jesse, your heart is very warm and true, if 
your words a re a little queer and childish. You mean you were 
charitable, my boy. Now, Frank, let me hear your story." 

(Jesse jumps down and sits in chair; Frank stands at moth- 
er ' s side ) 

F. "I have heard my father say that true charity consisted 
in giving work to the needy, and then pay them well for their 
work, that idleness and vice may not be encouraged. So, 
mother, when a boy about my own age came to me and com- 
menced begging for something to eat, I told him he might cut 
up my morning's kindlings, and help Jesse and I hoe out the 
melon patch, for which I would pay him twenty-five cents. 
He did'nt hardly like to do it, but I shamed him by telling 
him he was too lazy to earn his salt, and was too young and 
strong for a beggar, when he pitched right in and worked just 
splendidly. I am sure the money came better to him after he 
had earned it. I think I used my quarter well, and was, as 
Jesse there would say, quite 'charity.'" 

M. "Now, Lizzie, the boys have told their stories, come 
here and tell yours; and tell me also why you look so very 
doleful and sorry. You have not lost your money, I hope?" 

L. (Sitting down on stool at mother's feet and speaking 
slowly.) "No, mamma; here is the money. I did not give 
it away, nor use it. No one asked me for it, and I was afraid 
of hurting feelings by offering it to any one. I am sorry." 

M. "Don't be cast down, my child. It is quite right not 
to offer money to people, for the very poorest are often the 
most sensitive. But tell me what you have been doing to-day; 
did you and Hattie have a good time?" 

Tj. "Oh, mamma; if you ask me I must tell you, but I don't 
like to tell about Hattie, for she was very naughty. She talked 
so bad about our playmates, and said so many cross things about 
Jennie Harper because Jennie is smarter and richer than 
Hattie or me, that I just talked to her. 1 told her that I did 
not think it was nice for her to tell such stories about our 
playmates; and I said Jennie was smarter than me, but I did 
not hate her, only was glad of it. I told her I loved all our 
friends, and begged her to love them too. She was ashamed, 
I guess, for she talked good about Jennie too, and we had lots 
of fun after that, for we both felt so nice and happy." 

M. "Dear child, (kissing her) you have all unconciously 
found the deepest, broadest, most Christ-like meaning of the 
word charity. Little Jesse gave his money to the poor, and 
he will receive a blessing for it. Frank encouraged an idle 
beggar to earn the crust of bread for his dinner, and may 
thereby have planted the seeds of usefulness and thrift in a 




CTTJ^IE IN" I LIE IUSTBTJCTOE, 



19 




vagabond's heart. He also will be blessed. But iny eiil has 
thrown over the faults of her companions the shining mantle 
of charity. It will reflect upon herself and those around her 
with a pure, bright glow, and fill all hearts with the love of 
Christ. Let this lesson sink deep into your hearts; and 
remember the words of the Apostle Paul: 'And though I 
bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my 
body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me 
nothing.' 

'"And now abideth faith, hope and charity, these three; 
but the greatest of these is charity.' 

"Now, children, your day and your lesson is ended, so come 
with me and prepare yourselves for supper, and to meet your 
papa who will be home before we are ready to meet him 
unless we make haste. Come, L ; zzie." 

{Exeunt R. U. E., mother holding Lizzie's and Jesse's 
hands; Frank following. ) 

(Curtain falls.) 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



1^. 



(Continued from page Z71, Vol. xviii.) 

BEFORE leaving this part of the subject, I will state that 
the Christian propagandists in the district of Orisa were 
very much exercised over the policy adopted by the servants 
of the East Tndia Company in rendering substantial aid to 
further the idolatrous practices of the Hindoos. It was the 
practice, at the close of the Rath Zatra festival, to dismantle 
and take to pieces the cars, after which the various materials 
were sold to the highest bidder and the proceeds applied to 
the temple fund. Consequently, new cars had to be manu- 
factured annually. It was generally understood that the cost 
of construction would be paid by the company. A revenue 
collector of the company was stationed at Puri to collect a tax 
from every pilgrim, based upon an estimate of the time that 
each pilgrim would remain in Puri. These collections went 
to offset the expense incurred in the building of the cars. 
Hence, the missionaries would setup a howl occasionally that 
the East India Company was trafTi 'king in idolatry. 

The same course was pursued at Allahabad, at the confluence 
of the two sacred rivers, the < ranges and Jumna, which locality 
is another Hindoo shrine. Here the pilgrims have their 
heads shaved, and the hair is carefully deposited in the stream 
where the waters of these two rivers mingle. This process, 
accordingto Hindoo mythology, redeems their deceased friends. 
The barbers that perform the shaving, are hired by the civil 
officers of the company, and a certain tax is imposed upon 
every pilgrim that vi-its this shrine. 

Now, [ will return to the construction of the vessel, and 
will state it wa- very annoying to submit to the studied deceit 
and chicanery of the artisans and coolies who were employed 
on the vessel. It also taxed noes patience to become used to 
their slow, primitive mode of doing their work. As soon :is 
they acquired a little means from their labor, they would 
become trifling, sauey ami impudent, and strike for :in increase 
of wages. I would immediately start a few runners into the 
surrounding villages imparting the information thai carpenters 
and sawyers would find employment, and in a very short time 



the places of the strikers were occupied. However, as soon 
as this fresh batch had earned a few rupees they would be 
effected with like symptoms as the former ones, and also 
strike for an increase of pay. By this time the first strikers 
were waiting and anxious to take their places. This is the 
perplexing manner in which I had to get along with them. 
A large portion of their time was also occupied in attending 
religious Pugas and celebrations. One, in particular, was the 
Doorgah Pugah which comes off at the last of September of 
each year. This celebration consists of all the profes- 
sions paying devotions to their instruments and tools by 
means of which they obtain their livelihood; such as the 
farmer, his implements of husbandry; the artizan, his tools; 
the soldier, his accoutrements of war and so on through every 
grade. The workmen were generally very careless and exer- 
cised but little sympathy and feeling towards each other. In 
their awkwardness in handling timbers and tools, they would 
oft-times bruise and cut themselves, and sometimes others. It 
may be in point to state here the healing effects of olive oil 
which had been properly set apart to apply to the afflicted 
that have faith. When cut and bruised they would apply to 
me to dress their wounds. 1 had nothing with me in the 
shape of medicines but olive oil. Through their hereditary 
superstition they had no faith in me as a servant of God, and 
for the reason already stated I had none in them, they haying 
no conception of the power of God through faith. I would 
dress their wounds, using the oil freely with an inward sym- 
pathetic feeling that God would bless the poor creatures. In 
a few days their bruises would be healed up. The news soon 
spread in the villages that the sahib building the ship was a 
doctor. Many came to me afflicted with diseases of the skin, 
whom I looked upon with pity, and applied oil to the afflicted 
parts, after which their diseases would gradually disappear. 
( To be Continued.) 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



(Continued from page 5.) 

ON the 31st of May the organization of President Young's 
company was commenced by appointing Zera Pulsipher 
captain of hundred, with John Benbow and Daniel Wood cap- 
tains of fifties; also, Lorenzo Snow captain of hundred and 
Heman Hyde and John Stoker captains of fifties. The next 
day the further organization was proceeded with by the appoint- 
ment of William G. Perkins as captain of hundred and John 
D. Lee and Eleazer Miller captains of fifties; also, Allen Taylor 
captain of hundred and John Harvey and Daniel Cam captains 
of fifties. Isaac Morley was chosen President of the company, 
with Reynolds Cahoon and William W. Major as his coun- 
selors. Horace S. Eldredge was selected as marshal, and Hosea 
Stout as captain of the night guard. President Young was 
sustained as ( ieneral Superintendent of the emigratingcompa- 
nies, and Daniel II. Wells as his aid-de-camp. In President 
Young's company there were 1 ,229 souls. 397 wagons, 7 1 horses, 
1 9 mules, I 27/) oxen, i'i'.i'.i cows, isi loose cattle, 411 sheep, I II 
pigs, 605 chickens, 37 cats, 82 dogs, 3 goats, Hi geese, 2 hives of 
bees,* doves and I crow, the latter owned by. Judge Phelps. Pres- 
ident Holier ( '. Kim hall's company organized by electing Henry 
Berriman captain of the Aral hundred, and Titus Billings and 
John Pack captains ol'li ft ios; subsequently Isaac Iligbee »a. 
appointed captain of a fifty, In his company there were 662 



_&?§} 



m 



Ht, 



SO 



J""U"VE3^TII-.E1 IWSTBTJOTOB, 




souls, 226 wagons, 57 horses, 25 mules, 737 oxen, 284 cows, 150 
loose cattle, 243 sheep, 96 pigs, 299 chickens, 17 cats, 52 dogs, 
3 hives ot'bees, 3 doves, 5 ducks and 1 squirrel. 

On the 29th of June, Amasa Lyman, with a company of 108 
wagons, left Winter Quarters for the Elkhorn River. Dr. Wil- 
lard Richards left there with his company on the 3rd of July. 
These companies joined in electing James M. Flake captain of 
hundred, Franklin D.Richards and James H. Roleins, captains 
of fifties, and Robert L.Campbell historian of their camp. In 
these companies there were 502 whites, 24 negroes, 169 wagons, 
50 horses, 20 mules, 515 oxen, 426 cows and loose cattle, 369 
sheep, 63 pigs, 5 cats, 44 dogs, 170 chickens, 4 turkeys, 7 ducks, 
5 doves and 3 goats. 

After Presidents Young and Kimball's companies left Winter 
Quarters the place presented a desolate aspect. A terrific 
thunder storm passed over, accompanied by a hurricane, which 
tore wagon covers to shreds and whistled fearfully through the 
empty dwellings. A few straggling Indians camped in the 
vacated houses and subsisted upon the cattle which had died of 
poverty, and upon such other articles of food as they could 
pick up. 

Some years after Winter Quarters was abandoned by the 
Saints, an attempt was made to build a city there. Streets and 
lots were laid out and the city was called Florence. At one 
time, and for a brief period, it was thought by some persons 
that it would become a place of importance. Land went up in 
price, city lots were sold at fancy figures, and a number of good 
dwellings were erected; but the excitement soon died out and 
the place fell into decay. It is only six miles north of Omaha, 
Nebraska, and that city has completely overshadowed Florence, 
and taken to itself all the business which those who laid ou^ 
Florence hoped it would have. It is interesting for one who 
knew Winter Quarters in the days when the Saints lived there, 
to visit the place no sv. Many of the foundations of houses, 
and especially the "dug outs" in the side of the hill, can now 
be plainly seen, and the old lines of streets and lots can be eas- 
ily traced. 

At Ancient Bluff Ruins, Brothers John Y. Greene, Joseph 
W. Young, Rufus Allen and Isaac Burnham from this valley met 
President Young and company on the 1 2th of July. They brought 
several letters, and 1 8 wagons and teams with which to assist the 
emigrating companies. Eight of these teams were sent onto 
Winter Quarters by Daniel Thomas; the others were used in 
assisting Presidents Young and Kimball's companies. The 
small amount of help received from the valley at this point 
was a disappointment. President Young had thought with 
good reason that the people in the valley would have it in 
their power, and would esteem it as a pleasure — all having 
covenanted to help each other until all were gathered to the 
mountains — to sen I back teams to help the companies who 
were on the road into the valley. He and the brethren were 
disappointed, therefore, in meeting eighteen wagons almost 
broken down, most of them needing the resetting of their tires, 
six ol them without any appearance of a cover and some even 
without bows, and many of the cattle footsore; and especially 
to learn by letter from the valley that these were "all the 
teams that we could spare, that were fit to go." They had 
hoped to be able, with the help recieved from the valley, to send 
teams to Winter Quarters after the mill-irons, millstones, 
printing presses, type, paper, and carding machine; but with 
the few wagons and teams which had been sent them this could 
not be done. 

Five days after meeting these teams, President Young sent 

letter, under date of July 17th, to the valley. It had the 



effect to stir up the authorities there to make greater exertions 
to fit out teams and wagons to send back to help the emigrating 
companies. That letter reached the valley on the 6th of 
August. On the 9th it was answered; this answer President 
Young received on the 23rd of August. Respecting the send- 
ing back of help, the letter said: 

"As early as was thought prudent we started back all the 
wagons, oxen and men that the people thought they could 
spare at the time ; and under the circumstances it was deemed 
best to let that suffice until we could hear from you. We are 
now busy setting tires, hub-bands, etc., and raising all the 
men, oxen and well-fitted wagons that we can send to you as 
speedily as possible, and we shall keep starling them off until 
we send all we have to spare, or until we receive word from 
you that you have teams and wagons enough." 

A few days after the receipt of this lett r, President Young 
met, on the Sweetwater, 47 wagons and 124 yoke of cattle, 
which had been sent from the valley for the assistance of 
the companies in charge of Brothers Lorenzo Snow and Abra- 
ham O. Smoot. This was a timely and most welcome relief. 
Presidents Young and Kimball then sent back to Winter 
Quarters, in charge of Allen Taylor, 48 men and boys, 59 
wagons, 121 yokes of cattle, 44 mules and horses. 
(To be Continued.) 



HARMONY OF GENESIS 
GEOLOGY. 



AND 



BY J. H. W. 



(Continued from page 10.) 

BUT let us continue. In the twenty-first verse we are told that 
\God created great whales (literally sea-monsters) and every 
living creature that moveth which the waters brought forth 
abundantly, after their kind and every winged fowl after his 
kind." And here we also perceive that the waters are again 
represented to be as it were the nursing mother of both birds 
and the lower orders of animal life. Mark also that the term 
"created" is used only three times in the whole of this record; 
first in reference to the creation of the earth, second in refer- 
ence to sea-monsters, and third in reference to the creation of 
man. 

While revelation teaches us that the period when the waters 
were to bring forth abundantly, was in a succeeding epoch to 
that in which vegetation commenced ; geology bears testimony 
that there are few remains of animal life till we come up to 
more recently formed strata, than the vegetable deposits of 
the coal measures. It is only when we arrive at the chalk 
measures that we find an "abundance" of animal life. Recent 
investigations have shown, that chalk is mostly composed of 
shells in every stage of change, some perfect, some broken, 
and still others decayed into an impalpable dust. Some of 
these shells are so minute that it would require 1,800 placed 
side by side to measure a single inch. Perhaps no human intel- 
lect is able to form a conception of this profuseness of animal 
life. Well might Moses say the sea brought forth abundantly. 
Again, geology teaches us that "birds made their first appear- 
ance during this epoch." No fragments of the skeletons of 
birds have yet been discovered in formations older than 
the chalk. 

Further it is only in strata formed subsequently to the 
chalk that we find the remains of those monsters that 





made the earth to tremble beneath their tread and 
lashed to foam the billows of the primeval ocean. To those 
who are unaccustomed to view fossil remains the dimensions 
of some of these seem almost incredible. Just think of mon- 
sters 120 feet in length with teeth eleven inches in diameter 
and eyes whose sockets were more than eighteen inches across; 
and we can easily perceive that the statement of Moses is veri- 
fied, "And God created great whales" (literally sea monsters). 
Of this epoch, Le Conte says, "it was preeminently an age of 
reptiles." There are now on the whole face of the earth only 
six large reptiles over fifteen feet long — two in India, one in 
Africa, three in America — and none over twenty-five feet long. 
Yet in the strata that correspond to this period in Great 
Britain alone are found the skeletons of at least five great 
Dinosaurs from twenty to sixty feet long, and in the United States 
the fullness of reptilian life was even greater ; for, one hundred 
and forty- seven species of reptiles have been found, most of 
them of gigantic size. Among these are fifty species of Mosa. 
suars, seventy or eighty feet long, also species of crocodiles fifty 
feet long, besides great numbers of gigantic turtles." These 
are some of the remains that are still preserved. But the 
fossil animals of any period are only a remnant of the animals 
of that period. That the climate of the earth was then warm and 
uniform is sufficiently attested. All great reptiles are now 
found only in tropical or subtropical regions ; but the remains 
of these monsters are scattered in all latitudes from New Zea- 
land to Spitzbergen. In all this we see a wonderful agree- 
ment between the account given by Moses and the records of 
geology. 

Geologists agree that during the lattPr part of this period 
the earth began to assume conditions similar to those which 
prevail at the present time. This is indicated by the abund- 
ance of deciduous plants (that is plants that drop their leaves 
each autumn), which are to be found in North America. It 
is thus evident that the climate was becoming cooler, the dense 
atmosphere which so longhad wrapped the earth as with a mantle 
had dissi pated; the carbonic acid and other poisonous gases, which 
were totally unfit to support animal life had been absorbed by 
the rank vegetation of the coal period. Geologists tell us 
that.this was the period when the Wasatch and Uintah moun- 
tains were formed and the center of the western continent 
upheaved, by which the great interior sea which previously 
divided America into two continents was abolished. The 
change of physical geography was enormous, and the change 
of climate was doubtless correspondingly great. It was 
natural, therefore, to expect, with the opening of the next 
era, a very great change both in plant and animal life. So 
ended the fifth epoch of creation, for "The evening and the 
morning were the fifth day." 

Moses opens the record of the sixth epoch by the words, 
"And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature, 
after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the 
earth after his kind : and it was so." Geology confirms this by 
declaring, as it were, that then her modern "history com- 
menced. Then began the present aspect of field and forest ; 
and modern types of animals were introduced and became 
predominant. Many of the species of both plants and ani- 
mals were identical with those still living. Further, one of 
the most noteworthy facts connected with the first mammals (or 
milk-giving animals), is the suddenness of their appearance in 
great numbers, and of all, or nearly all orders, even tho 
highest, except man. 

Lastly, we are told, "And God said, Let us make man in 
our image, after our likeness ; and let them have dominion 



over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air, and over 
the cattle and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing 
that creepeth upon the earth" (Gen. i. 26). Thus from scrip- 
ture we learn that the closing and completing work of the 
creation was man. 

Geology triumphantly confirms the revealed fact that subma- 
rine animals, land vegetation, reptiles, birds and quadrupeds, 
were all of them in existence, successively and collectively, before 
the first of the human race. Further, that the earliest remains 
of men, yet discovered, indicate that they were distinctly and 
perfectly human, as much so as any race now living, and were 
not in any sense an intermediate link between man and the ape. 
When his habitation was prepared, and the materials of the 
forest and of the mine were all ready for his use, then, and 
not till then, did man appear. Thus the record of Moses, 
and the record of nature bear each other witness. The same 
narrative told by the ruler of Israel four thousand years ago, 
is also told in its own expressive language by the very earth 
on which we tread, as if it were "graven with an iron pen 
and lead in the rock forever." 



NIGHT SCENES IN A 
GREAT CITY. 



THIRD NIGHT. 



BY KENNON. 



NEARLY a week elapsed before I was again invited by 
Flynn to accompany him on one of his night rambles. 
When he did finally request me to go with him, he apologized 
for the fright which I had received through being caught and 
conducted to prison in the company of the smugglers. I 
really had been startled, and I confessed as much ; but I 
assured him that the annoyance of the arrest and detention 
had been more than compensated for, by the novel experience 
I had enjoyed. On this third night he said that he was taking 
the place of a regular reporter and that it would be necessary 
to go the rounds of the police stations, morgue, etc. , and gather 
up the dark chapter of crime and mystery. We began at ten 
o'clock by visiting the central department at the city hall. 
Here the evening list showed a half score of arrests. As my 
friend read the entries over aloud, and frequently asked the 
registry clerk a few sharp questions, about one case and 
another, I became filled with curiosity. But after he had 
finished his perusal he said, "Only a few unimportant things 
so far, and those I will leave for the routine man to get." 

I glanced inquiringly at him, and he answered my look : 
"The routine man is the fellow who compiles the day's record 
of arrests. We leave all the petty cases for him. He is 
usually a new man or a third-rate one ; and after we have 
scanned the register and picked out matters of interest, he 
generally finds nothing but unromantic details left for himself. 
But occasionally we who do the higher class of work discover 
that we are being outstripped by the man of inferior position. 
If he finds anything of peculiar interest overlooked by us, he 
sometimes has sense and ability enough to write it up in an 
attractive way and he thereby brings himself under the notice of 
c city editor. Fo r my | ai t 1 s.m a'.wfcjs g'ld lo give a 




beginner a good chance, but he won't find much to-night I 
fear." 

While he was speaking we lounged into the reporters' sec- 
tion of the large hall. The place set apart for these "pickers 
up of unconsidered trifles" was enclosed within a low, heavy 
railing, much mutilated by knife and pencil marks, and was 
furnished with a long table, a few rickety chairs and an elegant 
sofa which looked as much out of place here as its aristocratic 
occupant — an effeminate-looking youth, who lolled across it in 
high enjoyment of the antics of his rat terrier and the flavor 
of his cigarette. Flynn did not at first notice this occupant of 
the room; and as soon as his gaze fell upon him he whirled 
abruptly and walked away muttering to me, "Oh, let us spare 
ourselves the annoyance of that idiot's companionship! He 
is the gentleman journalist. His father has more millions of 
dollars than the boy has grains of common sense ; and he is 
trying to squander wealth on this whim. Our lot was hard 
enough before ; it is now made doubly severe by his partici- 
pation. He drags the furnishings of his mother's drawing 
rooms into these squalid places, just like he forces the boast- 
ful chink of his father's coin into our impecunious conversa- 
tion. Unfortunately he is not alone. He is but the type of a 
class who have taken the notion that it is the proper thing in 
their circles to say, 'We writers for the press find we have a 
serious responsibility iu supplying the dear public with its 
news and its opinions. ' 1 detest the maunderers. Let us go 
to the morgue for relief." 

It was, indeed, refreshing to get out of the noise and odor of 
the prison into the street. We traversed two or three squares, 
pleasantly lighted and companionably crowded with people, 
before we reached our gloomy destination. Arrived there we 
stopped for a few moments in the cosy office, while a no less 
cosy attendant informed Flynn, with much animation and a 
joyous, sparkling air, of the wonderful new-comers. He called 
it, "The jolliest case imaginable! We have not had such 
another one since last Summer when the thirty corpses were 
brought in at one time from the wrecked ferry-boat." 

His manner, so different from what I had expected, almost 
stupefied me. I had come to visit a morgue, the gloomiest 
place in all the world. But this fellow's happy, chirping way 
would naturally have led one to think that we were at the 
door of some place of amusement. Only his words forced the 
conviction that we had not mistaken or destination, and that 
we really were entering the house of the dead. 

What an awful change it was when we passed into the long 
gallery! The office had been comfortably furnished, a bright 
fire had blazed in the grate, while the room had been cheer- 
fully lighted by gas. Now we were in a long, cold hall paved 
with stone, illuminated by that most chilling thing, the elec- 
tric light, and having only the grimmest, most ghastly furni- 
ture. In the center was an aisle entending the full length of 
the gallery. On either side was an iron railing like that of a 
cage, reaching from floor to ceiling, stretching from one end 
wall to the other, and having frequent doors, now barred and 
bolted, but showing means of ingress and egress. Behind this 
railing was a long row of marble tables. They were nearly all 
unoccupied and those which were vacant looked like tomb- 
stones appear in moonlight. But this was not the ghastly 
sight. I had been gazing down these narrow apartments — I 
tried to believe out of curiosity — yet it was really from dread. 
Upon entering the hall I saw that the first table on each side 
had a white, stark burden upon it. I saw for an instant the 
drip of the icy water upon the rigid somethings lying there. 
And then I turned away in awe of the mystery. Now as I 



stood looking at the long rows of marble slabs, more solemn in 
their shining whitness than they could have been if draped in 
funeral black, I felt the presence of the clay on either side. I 
heard the slow plash of the water as it fell upon the unre- 
sponsive forms. Something told me that these dead were 
men; but were they young or old? rich or poor? learned or 
unlearned? How had they come to this? through their own 
crime or that of others? While I was thus thinking, Flynn, 
too, had been gazing silently ; but his glance 1 knew was 
directly upon the dead. 

{lo he Continued.) 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



THE death of General Thomas L Kane is an event of 
which my readers have been apprised through the usual 
channel — the newspapers. The first intimation I received of 
his illness was contained in a dispatch, dated Philadelphia, 
Dec. 25, 1883, which stated : "General, ill with pneumonia; 
very little hope ; to-morrow will decide." Next day I received 
the following : 

"Philadelphia, Pa , 

"8 29 a. m., Dec. 26, 1883. 
" Hon. George Q. Cannon: 

"Your freind died quietly at half past three, this morn- 
ing." 

"Elisha K. Kane." 

To this the annexed reply was telegraphed at once: 

' 'I am stunned by this sad event so unexpected. President 
Taylor joins me in expressing the profoundest sympathy for 
your mother and the family in your bereavement. Thousands 
of hearts in this Territory will ba filled with grief at the news 
of the departure of so devoted and steadfast a friend. At 
what time will the funeral take place ? 

"George Q. Cannon." 

To me the news of his death came with the suddenness of a 
blow. It was only about four weeks before that I was last at 
his house and spent some hours with him. He was in excel- 
lent spirits and talked hopefully about the future which lay 
before the people of Utah. I thought he had not for years 
looked better or more likely to live than he did then, and I 
indulged in the hope that there were many years of life yet 
before him. I had many interviews with him during my visit 
east, and though very busy, he laid aside all his own affairs to 
counsel and act for the benefit of Utah. His love and zeal 
never appeared to me to be deeper or more active than they 
were on those occasions. When I felt that I was trespassing 
too much upon his time and patience, and so expressed myself, 
he never failed to chide me for having such thoughts. He had 
no business, however important, he said, that he would not 
willingly lay aside at any time to devote attention to our affairs. 
No man could manifest a deeper interest, or have greater 
anxiety, for the welfare and prosperity of the people of Utah 
than he. Especially in times of trouble and when prospects 
appeared threatening to us was this the case. He carried our 
burdens at such times to such an extent that they affected his 
health. On many occasions when I have methim after, orduring 
an unusual period of excitement over Utah affairs, and inquired 
about his condition, he has responded that his wounds or his 
health was not the cause of any feebleness which I noticed ; 
but anxiety concerning us. This anxiety constantly manifested 



,7, &«fe, 



G"UYBN"ILE IITSTRUCTOR. 



23 



as 



itself in active exertion whenever he saw an opportunity where 
it could be of use. If for any reason he did not obtain satis- 
factory intelligence concerning any movement that was being 
made, against us, he never failed to address inquiries to some 
of us respecting it. His tireless interest in our behalf I have 
personally, of all others, the greatest reason to remember and 
be grateful for. Upon several occasions at Washington I have 
been delighted by unexpectedly receiving a call from him. 
Several of these visits were prompted solely by the desire to 
help avert some measure that his advices had led him to believe 
was threatening to me personally or to the people. Without 
solicitation from me, or from any one else, he had laid aside his 
own business, and regardless of expense, gone to the point where 
he thought his influenee might be used to advantage for our 
good. When he did not make a visit he never omitted in 
times of difficulty to send messages of comfort and cheer. It 
is only a feft days since I was looking through a package of 
letters and found a telegraphic dispatch and letters from him, 
sent at the time that the news had reached the east, of the 
infamous action of the District Court here in committing the 
three executors of the estate of the late President Brig- 
ham Young — Brigham Young, Albert Carrington and myself 
— to prison for contempt of court. Our contempt consisted 
in refusing to give additional bonds of $ 150,000, when we were 
already under bonds for $300,000 ! We felt that this attempt 
to get additional bonds was nothing more nor less than a plot 
to levy black-mail, and therefore we preferred to submit to 
imprisonment for contempt than to lend ourselves to the 
scheme by asking our friends to give bonds for us. It was at 
this juncture that I received the following message from 
him : 

"I will be your bail for $150,000, if your court will accept 
of me." 

He would have come out here at that time had it been of 
any use, and so telegraphed and wrote to me. 

As I write, another illustration of his forgetfulness of self 
and his ardent zeal in behalf of Utah comes to my mind. It 
was during the Buchanan administration. Governor Cum- 
ming, who had been seDt out by President Buchanan with the 
army as governor of the Territory, did not work harmoniously 
with the army officers. Differences had arisen between them at 
the time they were in camp during the Winter at Ham's Fork 
and Fort Bridger. 

These differences increased after they came into the valley, 
and the influence of the army people was used with the admin- 
istration to have Gumming removed. President Buchanan 
was inclined to yield to the pressure of Albert Sidnsy John- 
son's friends. Johnson at that time was quite an influential 
personage ; in fact influences were being used to prepare 
the way for him to succeed General Winfield Scott as 
the commander of the army of the United States. President 
Buchanan made inquiries of some of Geueral Kane's friends 
as to how the removal of Governor Gumming would be 
received by him. He heard of this, and, though at the time 
confined to his room with an attack of pleurisy, saw that some- 
thing must be done to prevent the removal of Cumming, 
which he viewed at the time as a move that would be unfor- 
tunate to Utah. The Historical Society of New York City — 
a very influential Society — had solicited him to deliver a lecture 
upon Utah affairs ; but he had postponed accepting the offer. 
He saw that this was the opportune moment to deliver it, and 
though suffering from severe pain he resolved to go to New York 
and deliver the lecture. His friends tried to dissuade him from 
the step, as they felt that he was endangering his life. But be 



was determined to go, and wrote to the President of the Society, 
who was pleased to accept the proffer of the lecture. Accom- 
panied by his physician he traveled from Philadelphia to New 
Vfork, delivered the lecture, in which he eulogized Governor 
Cumming, and gave him the praise that was due to him for 
his conduct after reaching Utah, and the next morning there 
appeared in all the newspapers of the country, through the 
associated press, a brief epitome of the lecture, and commend- 
ing Governor Cumming's administration of affairs. It had 
the effect to turn the scale in Cumming's favor. President 
Buchanan relinquished the idea of removing him, and he 
remained Governor until he had served out his full term. I 
was in the east at the time and familiar with all the circum- 
stances, and I was deeply impressed with the General's con- 
duct on that occasion. I have often thought that probably 
there was not one Elder in the Church out of a thousand who 
would have taken such risks or deemed it necessary to have 
gone to such pains as he did on that occasion to accomplish 
such an end. I was present at the lecture and saw that he 
suffered great pain during its delivery. But this was charac- 
teristic of the man. AVhen a duty had to be performed he 
never hesitated about attempting it. He might be feeble or 
sick, yet his will-power was so strong that he succeeded in 
bringing the weakness of his body into subjection to his spirit. 

Upon hearing of the death of President Young, he dropped 
his business and started immediately for this city. He felt 
that perhaps he might be of aid, and if he, by his presence 
or counsel, could be of any service, it would repay him for his 
trouble. 

He loved the President with surpassing love and always lis- 
tened with reverence to his counsels, esteeming him one of 
nature's noblemen — one of the bravest and truest patriots whom 
he knew — and this love on his part was fully reciprocated by 
the President. President Youug saw the noble character of 
the man and highly esteemed him for the sacrifices which he 
had made in behalf of a persecuted and unpopular people. 

It has been a cause of great delight to me to be acquainted 
with him and to be his freind. He is endeared to me by innumer- 
able acts of kindness. I loved him for his devotion to justice, to 
constitutional rights and to the liberty of man. He was ami- 
able as a woman and possessed all the lovable traits of the 
softer sex, and with it every robust quality of manhood, being 
absolutely without fear. 

He has gone to his rest, and the Lord will assuredly reward 
him according to his works. He was a noble spirit and will 
reap the reward of noble deeds. 



I HAVE received a letter from Mrs. Kane, from which, know- 
ing how deeply interested the Latter-day Saints are in all that 
concerns him, I take the liberty of copying in part : 

"December 30th, 1883. 
"My dear Mr. Cannon: 

"Your friend suffered intensely uutil a few hours of his 
release, and his mind was wandering from the outset of the 
attack. Yet in the intervals of consciousness he was fully 
persuaded of the approach of death, and made efforts to give 
us counsel and to bid us farewell. In one of these lucid 
moments he said : ' My mind is too heavy, but do you send 
the sweetest message you can make up to my Mormon friends 
— to all, my dear Mormon friends.' " 

M re. Kane adds : 

"Nothing I could make up, I am persuaded, could be 
sweeter to you than this evidence that you were in his latest 
thoughts." 



& 





24= 



j- TT "vie in- i ID :e xnsrsT^TTairoie,. 



GEORGE Q.. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




i N the death of General Thomas L. Kane 
— which sad event took place at his resi- 
dence at Philadelphia, on the morn- 
ing of Dec. 26, 1883 — the Latter-day 
Saints lose a constant, watchful, influen- 
tial and courageous friend. His demise 
may be said to have been very unexpected. 
While on a recent visit to New York he 
contracted a heavy cold, which resulted in 
pleuro- pneumonia, and which, after an illness 
of only ten days' duration, ended his earthly 
career. 

General Kane was born in Philadelphia, 
1822, and was the second son of Judge John 
Kent Kane, and the younger brother of Dr. Elisha 
Kent KaDe, the distinguished Arctic explorer. 
When sixteen years of age he went to reside with a 
relative in England, and subsequently visited the 
continent, where his education was completed. Returning to 
this country he studied law and was admitted to practice. He 
was afterwards appointed clerk of the United States District 
Court in which his father presided. 

Though Gen. Kane would be faithful in the discharge of 
any duties he might undertake, he was of such a tempera- 
ment that active, adventurous life was best suited to him. In 
this respect he resembled his distinguished brother. He was 
a man of intense convictions, and when his feelings were 
aroused in favor of any cause he threw himself into it with 
the whole ardor of his nature. He hated oppression in every 
form, and his quick sympathies naturally went out to the 
weaker side. He never took the measure of a cause, or 
became its friend, because of its popularity. He possessed 
the most lofty courage. In him were most happily blended 
physical courage of the most daring and chivalrous character, 
and a moral courage to speak words and perform acts at which 
all his friends and associates wondered. He took delight in 
combating and redressing wrongs, and had he lived in the days 
of chivalry he would have been a knight without fear and 
without reproach, to whom no person, however weak and 
unpopular, would have appealed in vain for help. He had 
been furnished with rare opportunities of knowing the world 
and becoming familiar with its leading men, especially the 
foremost men of his own country and of England and Prance. 
He was not only a gentleman by nature, but in the European 
sense ot the word, a gentlemau by birth and breeding and of 
highly cultivated manners, and a scholar, also, of wide and 
varied attainments. But beyond and above all these he was a 
pure man in his morals. No one who knew him intimately 
could fail to be impressed by his abhorrence of vice. He had 
mingled with the world, but no taint of its corruptions attached 
to him. He was a chaste man himself and he loved and 
admired this quality in others. Is it any wonder that having 
such characteristics as these, General Kane's active sympa- 




thies should be touched by hearing of the wrongs inflicted upon 
the Latter-day Saints? He had just returned from France, a 
young man of twenty-three years of age, when he heard of what 
had taken place at and around Nauvoo, Illinois. He did not 
debate the question as to whe ther the " Mormons, ' ' as they were 
called, were orthodox in their religious views, or not. It was 
enough for him to know they were human beings and Amer- 
ican citizens, and that they were unpopular and friendless and 
cruelly treated. He became interested in them. Col. Jesse 
C. Little was then in charge of the branches of the Church in 
the Eastern States. General Kane freely used his own and 
family influence in the Colonel's behalf to enable him to bring 
the "Mormon" case before President Polk and other leading 
men of the government. Not content with this he started for 
the west to see for himself what could be done in behalf of 
the people. The Saints had good reason to believe that he 
was inspired of the Lord to do this ; for why should this 
young man forsake his ease and pleasant surroundings in the 
east to expose himself to the perils and encounter the hardships 
of such a journey in behalf of a strange people, of whose true 
character he knew but very little ? He was of a delicate phy- 
sique, and the fatigues and exposure of that journey came very 
near proving too much for him. For some time after reaching 
the camp of the Saints on the Missouri river he hovered 
between life and death. Under President Young's direction 
he was nursed with all possible care. When his condition 
became such as to make his recovery doubtful he had an army 
physician at Fort Leavenworth sent for, not to get the bene- 
fit of his skill, but in the event of his death, to prevent the 
possibility of lies being put in circulation concerning the treat- 
ment he had received from his much misrepresented "Mor- 
mon" friends. At this time was laid the foundation of that 
love and friendship which he always felt and never failed to 
exhibit, whenever danger threatened the Latter-day Saints, 
and which he expressed so pathetically in his dying words to his 
loving wife and children. He became familiar with the leading 
men of the Church ; he read their true characters ; the bulk 
of the people, also, he learned to know, as no man not of their 
number had ever known them ; and the result was that from 
that time forward he became their devoted friend and unflinch- 
ing defender. He believed they had rights which ought — 
equally with the rights of other people — to be respected. How 
he defended their rights by his tongue and pen in the face of 
mighty odds and great unpopularity, is well known through- 
out the length and breadth of this Territory. In this as well 
as in everything else he undertook, he was morally coura- 
geous, a qualification that, in too many instances, is sadly lack- 
ing in public men. 

It is gratifying to know that he himself always felt that the 
Latter-day Saints in their subsequent career in these moun- 
tains, had amply justified his anticipations concerning them 
and fully sustained and vindicated his public estimate of their 
worth. 

While in the west he bestowed attention and thought upon 
the condition of the Indians. He learned of the impositions 
practiced upon them, and after his return he boldly attacked 
and exposed the Indians rings at Washington. The same 
feeling which prompted him to defend the Indian aroused him 
to sympathize with the enslaved black man. He felt that slavery 
was a curse to his country, and the earnestness and depth of 
his convictions were exhibited in the course he took respect- 
ing its abolition. Many of his relatives and very dear friends 
were either slaveholders themselves or in full sympathy with 
the system. It must have been painful for one of his affec- 




w 







J-TJ"V"E^TII_.E1 I^STBUOTOR, 



25 




tionate nature to differ with and oppose them. But, as in 
everything he undertook, he took hold of this in earnest. He 
made three voyages to the British West Indies to study the 
work of emancipation there, and extended his researches to 
the Spanish Islands. 

At the time the army was sent to Utah by President 
Buchanan — through the lies and misrepresentations of federal 
officials — and the whole country was in a state of great excite- 
ment over the reported condition of this Territory, he saw 
another opportunity of rendering his country and the people 
a service. It was plain to him that the administration would 
be disgraced for its hasty and ill-considered action, and being 
intimate with President Buchanan, he succeeded in bringing 
such facts to his knowledge that he became anxious to correct 
the blunder. He desired General Kane to act the part of a 
mediator, and gave him such letters as were necessary. Dur- 
ing the Winter of 1857-S he undertook this mission, so haz- 
ardous and difficult because of the season of the year and the 
character of the country to be traversed. He traveled by way of 
the Isthmus of Panama and California, and thence by what was 
known as the Southern route, to this city. It was a journey 
both dangerous and difficult, and particularly trying to his 
health. It was while here ou this business that he heard the 
very unexpected and sad news of the death of his father, 
Judge Kane, between whom and himself there existed, in 
addition to the tender ties of father and son, a strong and 
warm personal friendship, founded upon mutual respect for 
each other's qualities. In the hearts of all Latter-day 
Saints acquainted with the circumstances surrounding General 
Kane's trip to Utah at that time, there will always be an affec- 
tionate remembrance of his self-sacrificing and heroic con- 
duct in their behalf. This is not the time nor the occasion to 
dwell upon his action at greater length. But that it was appre- 
ciated by President Buchanan is evident from the compliment 
paid to him, in the message to Congress of 1858, upon the 
manner in which he had filled his mission. 

In 1860, when the war of the rebellion broke out, he threw 
himself unhesitatingly into the contest, and organized what is 
known as the "Bucktail" regiment from among the hunters, 
trappers and lumbermen of the north-west porti on of the 
State vt Pennsylvania. This regiment did some splendid 
service in the war ; and General Kane proved himself to be a 
brave soldier, and an adept in military tactics. During the war 
he was wounded on several occasions ; but his indomitable will 
kept him at the post of duty. The regiment under his com- 
mand did some hard fighting at Gettysburg, where, suffering 
from sickness and wounds he withdrew from active command. 
In doing so he issued the following order to his men : 

''The hard fighting is over. If there is to be more of it 
soon I will be with you. If not, farewell, and may God bless 
and reward you for your noble conduct, but for which neither I 
nor any of the thousands of this army would have home, 
country, pride or honor to return to. If you should not see 
me again in the brigade I hope you will remember long and 
affectionately your friend and commander." 

For his bravery in the war he was breveted Major General, 
a mark of distinction he had fairly earned. 

For some time after his partial recovery from his wounds 
he was compelled to walk about on crutches. He was in this 
condition when he paid a visit to Utah during the Winter 
of 1872-3. While here he recovered sufficiently to discard the 
use of his improvised helps. 

Throughout his whole life, General Kaue was earnest in 
whatever he undertook, outspoken in whatever he believed to 



be right, unselfish to the highest degree, and fearless in all his 
ways. Indeed it was his earnest, outspoken, unselfish and 
fearless ways that caused him to be beloved by all 
with whom he came in contact. He was a man who 
never allowed his right hand to know what his left was doing. 
He was possessed of a great soul. His chief object in life was 
to do good. Not that he might be considered good for having 
done good ; but rather, he loved to do good because it was 
good to do good. He was superbly unselfish in all the transac- 
tions of life. Many a time and oft has he risked his own life 
in trying to help those whom he considered needed help. No 
greater love hath any man than that he is willing to lay down 
his life for his fellow man. Such a man was General Kane. 
His philanthropy was of the broadest and most liberal char- 
acter. He was ever trying to do some good thing for the benefit of 
others. It was foreign to his disposition to look upon suffering 
without concern. He was educated himself, and he loved the 
cause of education. He was charitable himself, and he never 
tired in helping the cause of charities. He loved children, 
and he liked to see them gambol, and play, and sing at home, 
and he was not unmindful of the music and mirth they needed 
in schools. He was a man of business, too. He took an 
active interest in railroad enterprises. But, above all, he was 
a man of peace, and would do anything to avert hostility. In 
a word he was a remarkable man. 

General Kane was small in stature, and slender in form, and 
yet it will be perceived, from what we have written, he was 
capable of performing duties — self-imposed or otherwise— 
which called for great physical endurance. It was his great 
will power that carried him through ; otherwise, from the pain 
he periodically suffered from the wounds he received in the 
war, and the mental strain incidental to the active life he led, 
he must have broken down long ago. 

In his life-long labors of love, General Kane has had the 
able support of his kind and generous wife, who survives him 
with three sons and one daughter, the latter a graduate of the 
Woman's Medical College, of which the deceased was one of 
the founders, and in the success of which he took the deepest 
interest. 

General Kane has passed away. He has gone to the spirit 
world, where he will meet with many friends whose object in 
life was the same as his own — the elevation and amelioration 
of the human family. He has gone to a great reward, and in 
his departure Utah has lost a valuable and exeedingly coura- 
geous friend. Yet in his case our loss is his gain. His is a char- 
acter worthy of emulation. His thorough unselfishness and 
devotion to true principles of right, regardless of unpopularity, 
will always redound to his credit in time and in eternity. We 
trust it will be the ambition of our young and thoughtful 
readers to pattern after such a life — to nurture unselfishness — 
to cultivate moral courage — to be chaste and truthful, and to 
ever be ready to defend the truth under all circumstances. 
Such a course will bring honor in this life and exaltation in 
the life to come. 

We sympathize with the bereaved family of the deceased, 
and we are sure we express the sentiments of all the Latter- 
day Saints when we pray that the blessing of the Almighty 
may rest upon them now, henceforth and forever. 

Blessed be the memory of Thomas Leiper Kane! 



"Wisuino" is the stumbling-block of progress and reform. 
"Doing" is the lever that moves the world. 



22 



26 



CTTT "VIE 1ST I LIE IUSTBTJOTOB. 



}< 



^ 




A fierce vengeance. ( See next page. ) 





J- TJ "VIE IN" I LIE IUSTRUOTOR. 




A FIERCE VENGEANCE. 



BY NEWAYGO. 



IN the Autumn of the year 1858, a party of sixteen miners 
were encamped on Cherry Creek in the south-western part 
of Dakota. This little stream is a tributary of the Big Chey- 
enne river, which in turn discharges its foaming waters into 
the turbid Missouri. The men had come down from the pro- 
lific gold-fields of the near north-west, to spend a few weeks 
in hunting and fishing. They hoped to be able to lay in a 
good Winter stock of provisions from stream, and forest, and 
plain ; and thus to spare themselves the necessity of a long 
and costly journey to the settlements. Much danger attended 
their plan; because the fierce Sioux Indians inhabited the region. 
And no one of the gold-hunters could deeni himself safe from 
their death-dealing hands, even for a single hour. But several 
weeks had elapsed after the first location of the miners upon 
the creek, and they were still unmolested. Twice they had 
divided forces, each time sending eight of their number back 
to the diggings with pack animals heavily-laden by game. 
Once the party had returned safely and promptly. The time 
for their arrival from their second home journey had come. 
Two or three days more than the usual time had passed, and 
still they did not arrive. No real uneasiness was felt because 
it was supposed that the men had been occupied some little 
time at the diggings in making needed preparations for 
Winter. What added to the sense of security was the fact 
that no hostile Indians had been seen or heard from since the 
two forces last separated. 

At the end of a week, seven of the home party returned on 
foot — one of their companions, Eugene Griffiths, was missiDg, 
and one of the seven was wounded. They gave this account 
of a disaster which had befallen them : They had begun their 
return journey from the diggings to the hunting camp even 
earlier than on the first trip, having become better acquainted 
with the trail ; and were two days out from the diggings, when 
one night their horses stampeded. Griffiths was on guard, 
and calling to his companions, he dashed away after the ani- 
mals. The miners had been sleeping with their rifles by their 
sides, so to follow their guard was their immediate act. Their 
way was across a little plain for half a mile, and then they 
encountered a belt of timber. Just as they reached this point, 
Griffiths, who was a little in advance, cried out, "Come on, 
boys, I'm hit!" 

This was the first intimation that his companions had that 
they had been assailed by Indians. They followed quickly, 
and were greeted by a volley of arrows. One of the men was 
wounded in the thigh ; but they all pressed forward being 
guided by the sound of the horses' hoofs. In a few moments 
they were enveloped in darkness and silence. The guiding 
sound ceased, and the stars, faintly glimmering through the 
tree-tops, shed no light for them. No more was heard from 
Griffiths and (earing that he was lying wounded, they resolved 
to wail until morning. 

When dawn appeared they searched vainly for him. For 
three days they followed the trail of the Indians, but they had 
to take so many precautions that their progress was necessar- 
ily slow. At last they lost the trail entirely, and were obliged 
to retrace their steps. When they reached the hunting camp 
the wounded man found his injury much inflamed. In 
making the last few miles he had been born on a willow 
stretcher. 




The miners gave Griffiths up as lost. His brother Richard, 
who was the leader of the party, was the last to lose hope. 
But when a month had elapsed, and their hunting was fin- 
ished, and the wound of their companion healed, they all con- 
cluded that it was no use looking further for the lost man. 
Before the first snow storm they started for the diggings. The 
second morning out they found the trail of two horses leading 
in the direction of their mines. They followed it all the way 
there, and on arriving discovered that their lost man, Griffiths, 
had found his way back, and with him an Indian girl. 

He told hij friends that on the night of his disappearance, 
he had been captured by a small hunting party of Sioux. By 
them he was taken to the village and detained a close prisoner 
awaiting the healing of an ajrow wound in bis arm, and the 
coming of the big chief and the warriors from a buffalo hunt. 
Early in his captivity he gained the friendship of the medi- 
cine man's daughter ; and their association soon ripened into 
love, on her side at least. Griffiths was somewhat acquainted 
with Indian dialects and he had mastered sufficient Sioux, to 
be able to address the maiden in tones of endearment. The 
constant absence of the braves gave the lovers a good oppor- 
tunity ; and one night, after the girl had made all possible 
preparations, they had fled taking with them two of the horses 
formerly stolen from the miners. He had come to rejoin his 
people, and she had come to be with her love — forgetting her 
own kin and the young chief-lover of her own hue to whom 
she had been promised in marriage. 

During that Winter the miners lived at the diggings and 
were comfortable and unmolested. When Spring came, a 
large party started for the settlements and with the parly went 
Griffiths and the Sioux maiden. She had been a Catholic 
before meeting Griffiths and evidently was possessed of con- 
siderable intelligence. When they reached civilization Grif- 
fiths accepted her religion and honorably married her. They 
settled in Ohio and so far as the state history or the domestic 
chronicles inform us they lived happily ever after. 

But this is a true story and therefore does not end with the 
marriage of the hero and heroine. Richard Griffiths and his 
companions remained at the gold fields. The next Autumn 
they were again encamped on Cherry Creek, hunting and fish- 
ing as before. One morning the men left camp early, leaving 
only one of their number to prepare breakfast. When they 
returned an hour later they found his dead body scalped. 
An arrow was sticking in his breast, and his face was sadly 
mutilated. His gun and amunition were gone. They knew 
that Indian cunning had been at work. But there did not 
seem to be even a blade of grass disturbed by a red skin foot- 
step. 

That evening, while Richard Griffiths and two of his mates 
were sitting before the camp fire, feeling perfectly secure, because 
ten of their fellows were posted around the place as sentinels 
— Richard's eyes unconsciously followed the stream of light 
from the fire shining upon one of the surrounding banks. As 
he looked his companions saw an expression of horror over- 
spread his face. They turned their ga/.e in the direction of 
his, and there, crouching low upon the bank and peering 
through an opening in the trees scarcely ten yards away, was 
an Indian brave. The miners sprang to their arms, but as 
they did so, the Indian also arose and lifting his gun and 
taking deliberate aim, shot Griffiths dead. Then he dis- 
appeared. 

All that night the survivors searched the forest in vain for 
the brave. When the morning came they held a council and 
decided that the region was getting too warm for them and 



•**f 



!>««- 



28 



aTJVE^TJU-iE IUSTBTJOTOE/. 



that they must return at once to the diggings. They resolved 
to bury Griffiths' body beside that of their other companion. 
When they went into the thicket to get the corpse, 
they found the scalp gone and the face scarred. While they 
were digging the grave on the bank of Cherry Creek, a young 
Sioux brave, wearing full war-paint and death-feathers.appeared 
on the oppsite side of the stream. He stood fully revealed 
to them for an instant, then he fired upon them, and turned 
back into the forest. The shot was fatal, and one more of 
their number had been parted from them. Such a succession 
of deaths, coming so swiftly and surely was appalling. The 
living fled; and, packing their animals, started for the 
diggings. 

But they were no longer safe. Each night and morning 
thereafter witnessed the loss of one from their little party, 
until seven men had died and been scalped. There seemed to 
be only one assailant, the young Sioux warrior ; but he was 
so adroit that all efforts to capture, kill or evade him were 
fruitless. The night after the death of the seventh man, was 
very stormy. Rain fell in sheets, accompanied by fierce 
thunder and lightning, and the crash of falling timber. 
All the miners were drenched, and by morning were chilled 
and exhausted. They sadly gathered their frightened horses 
and began the day's march. Before they had traveled two 
hundred yards, they encountered a huge fallen tree which 
blocked the trail. In passing around it, they found that some 
creature had been caught beneath it. They looked closer, and 
there, crushed to death under the forest monarch, was the war- 
rior of the Dakotas. He had evidently sought shelter from 
the rain, and had found his fate. 

At the belt of the dead brave hung seven scalps. The 
miners carried eight away with them and one dangled from a 
lock of long, black hair. 



LORD NELSON. 

( Con tinned from page 15.) 
"POR severaldaysbeforethaton which Nelson'seye was glad- 
-*- dened with the sight of the French fleet, his anxiety had been 
so intense that he could neither eat nor sleep. Now, however, 
his mind was easier, and, while preparations were being made, 
he ordered dinner to be served, and seated himself at the table 
with his officers. 

"If we succeed," said one of them, "what will the world 
say? " 

"If! " exclaimed Nelson; "there is no if in the case. That 
we shall succeed is certain, though who may live to tell the 
story is a very different question. Before this time to-morrow," 
he exclaimed, as they rose from the table, "I shall have 
gained a peerage or a place in Westminster Abbey. ' ' 

It was four o'clock when the fleet advanced amid showers 
of shot and shells from the island of Begniers. At the same 
time, a steady fire was opened by the enemy ; but this was 
received in silence. The men on board each of Nelson's ships 
continued to furl their sails and prepared to anchor. 

At this critical moment a French brig endeavored to decoy 
the fleet to a shoal which lay off the island, but the attempt 
was vain. The English moved gallantly onward. The Goliah, 
leading the advanced ships, doubled on the French vessels at 
anchor between them and the shore, while the main body, led 
by Nelson in the Vanguard, with six colors flying at 



different parts of his rigging, lest one should be shot away, 
took their station outside the enemy. Veering round half a 
cable, the Vanguard suddenly, just as the sun was going 
down, opened fire, under cover of which the other ships sailed 
on ahead. The play of cannon was soon terrific. In a few 
minutes every man at the first six guns in the forepart of the 
Vanguard's deck was killed or wounded, and these guns were 
three times cleared. Ere seven o'clock night, closed over the 
scene, and the darkness was unbroken save by fire that flashed 
incessantly from the guns of the hostile fleets. 

At the commencement of the battle four of Nelson's ships 
were at a considerable distance. They had endeavored to 
come up, but the darkness immensely increased the difficulties 
of the navigation ; and the Culloden ran aground in such a 
way that every exertion to get her off to take part in the 
action proved vain. This accident, however, prevented further 
mischief. The other vessels, warned of the danger, and 
guided by the Culloden, which served as a beacon, escaped 
her fate, and took up their station in a manner that excited 
admiration. 

By this time the French had suffered severely. Indeed, the 
action had not lasted a quarter of an hour ere their two first 
ships were dismasted. Before long the three next were in the 
hands of the English, and the battle wore such an aspect that 
the French could no longer hope for victory. Brueys, on board 
the Orient, received three wounds, but would not leave his 
post. A fourth cut him almost in two ; and he desired to be 
left to die on deck. Scarcely was Brueys dead when a fire 
broke out on board the Orient. The ship had been newly 
painted, and the oil jars and paint buckets fed the flames, 
which rapidly mastered the ship ; and such was the conflagra- 
tion, that the hostile fleets were now distinctly seen, the colors 
of both being quite visible. 

Meanwhile Nelson was not unscathed. A piece of lang- 
ridge shot, striking him on the head, inflicted a ghastly wound, 
and a large piece of skin, cut from the forehead, fell over his 
eye, and left him in total darkness. One of his captains 
caught the hero in his arms, and, alarmed at the effusion of 
blood, hardly doubted that the wound was mortal. Nelson 
was instantly carried below ; and the surgeon, leaving the sea- 
man whose wound he was dressing, hastened to attend the 
admiral. 

"Not yet," said Nelson, pushing him away. 

"Why not?" asked the surgeon, in surprise. 

"Because," answered Nelson, "I will take my turn with my 
brave fellows." 

After a time Nelson's turn did come, and great was the joy 
displayed when the surgeon, removing the skin from the eye, 
announced that the wound was superficial, and declared that 
only quiet was necessary. But at that instant a cry arose that 
the Orient was on fire ; and Nelson, forgetting his wound, 
rushed on deck and ordered his boats to the relief of the 
imperiled crew. Only eighty of them could be saved. The 
flames rapidly overpowered the ship, and about ten she blew 
up with a tremendous shock. 

After this explosion, which was felt to the bottom of every 
ship in both fleets, and succeeded by an awful silence on both 
sides, the firing was renewed, and continued till three o'clock. 
But the defeat of the French was at that time complete. At 
daybreak two of the French ships had colors flying, and, cutting 
their cables, they stood out to sea, accompanied by two frigates. 
None of the others escaped. 

"What a victory ! " said the English. 





o-TT^riEirsriELiE] uststrtjctor 



29 




"Victory!" exclaimed Nelson; "victory is not a name 
strong enough for such a scene. It is a conquest." 

When news of the battle of the Nile reached England, 
Nelson was created a peer, with the title of Baron Nelson of 
the Nile and of Burnham-Thorpe. Many thought his title 
should have been higher, and in the House of Commons, Gen- 
eral Walpole expressed his opinion to that effect ; but Pitt 
treated the question as not worthy of discussion. 

"Admiral Nelson's fame," he said, "would be coequal with 
the British name ; and it would be remembered that he had 
won the greatest naval victory on record, when no man would 
think of asking whether he had been created a baron, a vis- 
count or an earl." 

( To be Continued. ) 



INTERESTING INCIDENTS. 



FROM THE JOURNALS OP MISSIONARIES. 




THE difficulty attending the introduction of the gospel in 
Gei many can be more easily realized by the reading of 
the following incidents from the experience of Elder Ludwig 
Suhrke : 

"I went to Kiel, an important sea-port town in the north of 
Germany, where I rented a small room in which to lodge, and 
then commenced to preach the gospel. A few honest souls 
heeded my teachings which caused the anger of the police 
officials to be aroused, and notice was siven me to leave the 
city within four days. Failing to do this, a warrant for my 
arrest was made out and an officer was sent to serve the same 
on me. I learned, however, of this aetion and hid myself in 
the cornice of the antiquated building in which I was stop- 
ping. The officer and his assistants came, searched the house 
from cellar to garret, and, although they passed within two feet 
of me I remained hidden from their view. They remarked 
that I must have the power of making myself invisible, as I 
could not be found in any nook or corner of the aged building. 
The next morning the police again visited my place of resi- 
dence, and this time, making no effort to conceal myself, I 
went with them. An imprisonment of two days followed and 
thereafter an expulsion from the city. 

"I, however, returned to the city shortly afterwards, and 
when passing a police station was seized by a policeman and 
roughly dragged into the building. I told this cruel man that 
his house should sink to the ground, and before two months 
had elapsed his wife was dead, his only child was in a lunatic 
asylum and he was suffering untold torments. Thus did the 
judgment of God speedily follow a man who fought against 
His servants. I here suffered an imprisonment of seventeen 
days and was again escorted outside of the city. 

"Being desirous of attending conference in Copenhagen I 
went to Kiel for the purpose of embarking *br that place, but 
I was again seized and underwent an incarceration of thirty- 
eight days. I was then placed on a boat bound for the Danish 
capital. 

"After a short visit in Denmark I made my way to the city 
of Hamburg, where I was allowed to preach the gospel unmo- 
lested for some little time. But again the minions of the law 
sought me out and for upwards of six weeks I was furnished 
board and lodging in a Hamburg prison. 

"Thus I was compelled to suffer in my body for the gospel's 
sake, but in my spirit I never felt better. In fact, after being 



released to return home, which occurred shortly after my 
imprisonment in Hamburg, I felt somewhat loath to leave the 
people without giving to them another warning of what the 
wicked might expect. 



A sister belonging to one of the branches of the Church 
in Europe was taken suddenly very ill while in a settlement at 
some little distance from where the Saints were located. She 
was taken to the hospital where both physicians and nurses 
pronounced her beyond recovery. She also felt that unless 
some change took place she could not last much longer. 

While reflecting on her condition she fell asleep, and 
dreamed that she was taken on her bed to the place where the 
branch to which she belonged was located, and there, through 
the administration of the ElJers, wa* restored to health. The 
impression left on her mind by this dream was so vivid that 
on awakening she requested her attendants to take her to the 
cars and place her therein that she might return to her 
home. 

Her physicians and nurses protested, but to no purpose, and 
she was accordingly sent to her home. Here the Elders were 
called in and she was anointed and blessed : her recovery was 
almost instantaneous, and an affliction, from which she had 
suffered more or less for years, was removed as if by 
magic. 



CO-OPERATION. 



BY J. C. 



IT is rather a singular thing to see so many who profess to be 
Latter-day Saints ignoring the principles of co-operation, 
and regarding them as things unworthy of their attention and 
support. The very object of the gospel is to make us one in 
all things, and Christ, referring to this oneness, says, "Unless 
ye are one ye are none of mine." 

The Priesthood of Aaron was given to the Church for the 
express purpose of administering and directing the temporal 
affairs thereof. We own and recognize this Priesthood as a 
necessity, but, strange to say, some of us seem to think that 
it should exist in name only, but not in practice. 

If the gospel has been revealed as a perfect, complete sys- 
tem, to meet all our temporal and spiritual conditions and 
wants, how can we consistently accept one part of it and reject 
the other. We must either receive it as a perfect whole, or 
reject it as an imperfect organization ; and, if we view it in the 
latter sense, it is no better than the false, pandering, vacillat- 
ing schemes of men, that change to suit the caprices and con- 
veniences of the human mind. 

The purposes of God in relation to man, are eternal and 
unchangeable, and His superior intelligence enables Him to 
know best what is for our temporal and spiritual interests, 
and to benefit us in the very best possible manner. He has 
sent us the fullness of the everlasting gospel to circumscribe 
all that pertains to us in this life, and in the life to come. 

Joseph Smith, the prophet and founder of the latter-day 
work, was so strict in relation to the Saints having as little 
dealing and intercourse with their enemies as possible, that he 
forbid them by command of God from using their wine, for 
sacramental purposes, and told the Saints that water would be 
preferable. 



2s 




30 



J-TJ-^E^TIXjE I1TSTE/UCTOB, 




Brigham l r oung spoke very emphatically and urgently to 
the Saints on co-operation, and home enterprise; and where is 
the reflecting person that will doubt the veracity and import- 
ance of his many timely admonitions? A great many of the 
Saints see the folly of not having put his counsels into effect, 
and the entire community are less prosperous to-day because 
of i he same. 

President Taylor has striven with all his energy to show us 
the absurdity of bartering away our pecuniary interests, and 
has many times rebuked us for not obeying the word of God 
in this regard ; and this principle will continue to be taught 
to us until we shall have availed ourselves of its blessings. 

To spend our means to build up those whose only interest 
in us is for worldly gain, and who often, when our most vital 
interests are at stake, will not raise their voice to defend us, 
but will use their influence to bring oppression upon us as a 
people, is foolish in the extreme. Yet we have done this for a 
great many years, and some still do it, despite all the admonitions 
to the contrary. "Well, but," says one, "how can we help 
ourselves; we cannot manufacture what we must have, and 
we must patronize our enemies." To meet this objection 
adequately, we are brought still more closely to consider the 
subject chosen for this article, and to examine and see if it is 
not through neglecting to sustain the same, that this admis- 
sion is forced upon us. 

The primary object of co-operation was, that we as a people 
should take hold of it, and practise it, to build ourselves up, and 
just as fast as it blessed us with greater means, to launch out 
into new and varied fields of enterprise. Who will gainsay, 
that if we had taken hold and continued in the spirit in which 
it was given, that we would, years ago, have had many manu- 
factories of our own, employing our population, and produc- 
ing many things which we must now obtain at a vast sacri- 
fice? 

But it is not only the sacrifice of money that we have 
incurred through not attending to this matter ; a greater evil 
has resulted from it. Many of our youth of both sexes, have 
had their morals corrupted by having to leave home to find 
employment, and through thus being caused to mingle with 
those whose tongues and hearts have been anything but pure 
and holy. Hid we a due regard for ourselves and for our 
posterity, we would cheerfully make almost any sacrifice in 
order that co-operation and home industries might be widely 
and permanently established. 

In a country like ours, where capital is scarce, if home 
industries are established at all, they must necessarily be 
established at a sacrifice. The markets east and west of us 
are supplied with commodities, which are cheaply produced 
by first-class machinery. This machinery is very expensive, 
and it may take us a long time to get such facilities within our 
reach ; but, because we have these obstacles to encounter, are 
we to conclude that we shall keep on buying from such sources 
all the time? Shall we rob our posterity of employment? and 
give that to others which embarasses and enslaves ourselves, 
financially as well as morally ? 

The triumphs of capital have been, and are such, that the 
laboring classes, generally, are beginning to see, more and 
more, the necessity of combining to resist their force ; and 
with the advancement of intelligence, this spirit will be grad- 
ually developed, until some day honest labor shall declare 
itself master of the situation. 

Labor is the parent, and the only true source of all capital, 
and it is unnatural for the child to persecute and despise the 
patent that gave it birth ; yet, we find this to be the case with 



capital against labor, in too many instances, and the sooner 
that libor can shut the door against such unjust, narrow- 
minded, selfish treatment, and assert its dignity and inde- 
pendence, the better it will be for society at large. In the 
present state of affairs, the rich are extravagantly and mis- 
chievously rich, while the poor, many of them, are wretch- 
edly, hopelessly poor. 

Well, how can this evil be remedied? We reply, by a just, 
proper and intelligent method of co-operation. The elements 
exist in the laboring classes for a glorious emancipation, but 
they lack, at present, the union and intelligence, general 
enough to extricate themselves. 

The same rule will apply to many of the Latter-day 
Saints. 

If we wait till some good brother rises up among us, with 
sufficient capital of his own to start machinery enough of 
various kinds in this territory, to make us a free and inde- 
pendent people, we may wait a century, and then not see it 
done; but if we will go into co-operation, as fast as our means 
will permit, and put the many thousands of dollars we annu- 
ally spend to enrich others, to good account at home, we wil' 
eventually grow into a great, grand and rich commonwealth. 
Why? Because we have not the drones in our community 
that some have, and because we have come from the work-shops, 
factories and various places of labor, and certainly have, with- 
out boasting, the excellence which accrues from labor, right 
within ourselves. 

But we must not let the greed of a few dimes or dollars 
blind us, so that we will persist in passing our means over the 
wrong counters. We have no tariff law to protect our young, 
growing interests here; but we can be a protective tariff law to 
ourselves, and have an eye to future developments and emer- 
gencies. We mu t nut expect impossibilities. We ought to 
remember that all new countries have had to make sacrifice 
for comforts and independence, and that they have had to put up 
with many inconveniences till they could be on an equal foot- 
ing with older and more prosperous communities. 

Let us, then, sustain our own interests, and not commit 
ourselves as we have done in the past, and when our con- 
sciences are void of offense in this regard, and in all others, we 
can consistently pray to God, and expect to be answered. But 
while we pray to Him to give us a oneness of spirit, and the 
will to conform to His holy behests, and seek not to sustain 
co-operation, we are praying for that which, in reality, we do 
not uphold. 



A BERN FAIR. 



BY A. W. C. 



AT any place or time a fair is amusing and interesting, but 
a fair in Bern is more than amusing, it is intensely 
funny. 

To the young people of Utah a fair means a large display 
of home products, home manufacture and home talent, where 
rewards are offered for the finest specimens of the stock raiser 
and agriculturist, the best pieces of workmanship and the 
most artistic and meritorious creations of native genius; and 
means, furthermore, the greatest possible interest on the part 
of the promoters, exhibitors and patrons. But here in Bern 
it is vastly different, and the semi-annual infliction is looked 






forward to with much the same interest and anxiety as are 
associated with the anticipated arrival of a circus in Utah. 

These fairs last, usually, a fortnight or three weeks and are 
the means of collecting in the city great crowds of people of 
all grades and classes. A host of street minstrels, beggars, 
most of them dreadfully deformed, peddlers and such charac- 
ters seize this opportunity to infest the city. 

The present fair opened Sunday evening, November 25th. 
The grounds were beautifully illuminated and decorated. In 
the center were two large riding chariots (in Utah we call them 
whirligigs) two stories high, most wonderfully furnished with 
wooden horses and velvet cushioned carriages, and gorgeously 
decked with hangings of silver and red, gold and purple, each 
one turning to the music of a large hand organ. These, it is 
almost needless to say, were well patronized, mostly by ladies 
and children, though frequently a man is seen whirling around 
in this marvelous equipage. As they turn round and round 
it is delightful to watch the sweet smiling faces of the chil- 
dren, how pleased and contented they seem to be, and the 
comical grimaces of the great boys and men, astride those 
little wooden horses. 

On all sides are shooting pavilions most prettily lighted and 
artistically arranged with wooden figures of all kinds. Here 
wait pretty young girls to load and prepare the guns for the 
shooting, and, of course, the students and other fascinating 
young men are the principal patrons. The figures which are 
shot at are most grotesque and ridiculous ; on each one is a 
target, which, upon being hit, sets the whole apparatus in 
motion. When the shooting is good, the sight is very amusiDg 
— and the sound quite deafening. There are blacksmiths ham- 
mering on the anvil, boys beating drums, girls ringing bells, 
men cymbals and all sorts of sights and sounds imaginable. 

Interspersed with these shooting pavilions are photograph 
galleries, where you can get a beautiful picture taken in five 
seconds, ''always handsome," which implies, of course, an 
improvement on nature. "The finest display of wax-works." 
"The greatest natural wonders of land and sea." "The great 
Sphinx trick," and "The most renowned circus in the world." 
Each one of these has an accompanying band, which is 
intended to charm the public and invite them to enter; how- 
ever, the music has a different effect and is more likely to lead 
one in the opposite direction to prove that "distance lends 
enchantment." 

Early Monday morning we are awakened by the gentle 
strains of the hand organ, and upon entering the street 
are astonished to see so many beggars, there being a Swiss 
law prohibiting beggary, and those who engage in, as well as 
those who encourage it are subject to punishment. During 
the fair season, however, these minstrels procure a license 
from the city which allows them to play their organs, beg and 
annoy the citizens generally. The streets are literally filled 
with them — beggars of every nationality, color and form. At 
every step, while listening to the strains of the charming 
"11 Trovatore," the stirring "Marseillaise" or the touching 
"Home Sweet Home," as they issue from the melodious 
instrument, we encounter a poor creature without legs, or 
blind, or maimed in some dreadful manner, whose business it 
is to collect the centimes which pity for his misfortuue and 
gratitude for the music provided by his sturdier companion, is 
expected to draw forth from the sympathetic listener. 

Murfft Gasse or Market Street, presents each day a peculiar 
and striking appearance. On Monday it is decorated with 
onions, from end to end long strings of them hang from the 
arcades and ornament the street in various ways. The next 



day crockeryware holds the places the onions have vacated, and 
again there is a large sale. Every Fran one meets carries a 
basket full of dishes. 

The third day, umbrellas adorn the street, another day 
apples, a fifth boots, and so on, each day bringing some 
change. 

On Tuesday a great stock sale takes place and the market 
is thronged with cattle. The salesmen look so queer in 
their wide, brown breeches, their short, blue blouse, their 
long pipes in their mouths and a whip in their hands, not 
queerer, however, than the buyer with his little swallow tail 
coat, his flowery velvet vest, and his cotton umbrella. This 
sale is most interesting and successful, till about three o'clock, 
when the market place is cleared and the cattle are all driven to 
their new homes. 

And so the fair progresses, until the house wife having her 
store room well supplied with necessaries, the wardrobes being 
all replenished, the barn yards well stocked, the sales gradu- 
ally diminish and finally cease. The minstrels having exhausted 
the liberal purses seek other fields. The pleasure seeker hav- 
ing received full satisfaction and declining further patronage, 
the caravan moves on, and Bern once more subsides to its 
accustomed quietude. 



THE CLOCK-WORK 
BRAIN. 



OF THE 



OUR brains are seventy-year clocks. The angel of life 
winds them up once for all, then closes the case, and 
gives the key into the hand of the augel of the resurrection. 
Tic tad tic-tac! go the wheels of thought; our will cannot 
stop them; they cannot stop themselves; sleep cannot still 
them; madness only makes them go faster; death alone can 
break into the case, and seizing the ever-swinging pendulum, 
which we will call the heart, silences, at last, the clicking of 
the terrible escapement we have carried so long beneath our 
wrinkled foreheads. If we could only get at them as we lie on 
our pillows and count the dead beats of thought after thought 
and image after image jarring through the over-tired organ! 
Will nobody block those wheels, uncouple that pinion, cut the 
string that holds those weights, blow up the infernal machine 
with gunpowder? What a passion comes over us sometimes 
for silence and rest! That this dreadful mechanism, unwind- 
ing the endless tapestry of time, embroidered with spectral 
figures of life and death, could have but one brief holiday! 
Who can wonder that men swing themselves off from beams 
in hempen lassos? that they jump oft' from parapets into the 
swift and gurgling waters beneath? that they take counsel of 
the grim friend who has but to utter his one peremptory mon- 
osyllable, and the restless machine is shivered as a vase that 
is dashed upon a marble floor? Unless the will maintains a 
certain control over these movements, which it cannot stop, 
but can, to some extent, regulate, men are very apt to try to 
get at the machine by some indirect leverage or other. They 
clap on the brakes by means of opium; they change the mad- 
dening monotony of the rhythm by uieaos of fermented liquors. 
It is because the brain is locked up and we cannot touch its 
movement directly, that we thrust these coarse tools in through 
any crevice by which they may reach the interior, and >o alter 
its rate of going for a while, and, at last, spoil the machine. 

Selected. 




Wetf^ 



33 



CTTJ"V r E^TIIl.E HTSTRUCTCB, 



ss 



WHEN SHALL, WE MEET THEEP 



Spm'toso. p 



mf 



Words and Music by E. F. Parry. 






When shall we meet Thee, dear Savior a - bove? When shall we be - hold Thy face? W hen shall we greet Thee with 

I* -*- J J 






£ 



t= 



it: 



* 



* fc 






3t 



m/ 



Itzfc 



£*g^ 






afcti=«fcz^: 



=3 






:S=S=^=Si 



:*=i: 



=Sc=*= 



*=*=«? 



-i-q 



Dim. 



rztz 
tokens of love, In that happy, ho - ly place? When we have finished our mission below, And on earth we 



=*=5F 



-M 



^t— fe=ti=s==U^= 4==k=t=t 



^=l^=te^t; 



fcp=r=:: 



t=fcrfcz: 



UP l» 



*« u» 






■I 1 to— f-»— » — »- •^H 



rsd^t 



:C: 



S 




no more roam, Will you approve of our work when we go To our glorious fu - ture home? 

-I -*- ■* -»- — -e- -m- -m J J 



=t= 



+ 



f 



:k=rt2=t 



-»» — *■- 



=t==t2=t«»=t:=S2=t2- 



.=»: 









Chorus. Moderate. 



-fr-rV- 



-*-£ 









f When shall we meet Thee, dear Sav 

-»- -o- -» -0- -0- -»- - 



ior a - bove? 



-tt-Ti » — » 1 •— »— * 



0, when 



shall we meet 



to"*: 



Thee.dear Sav 



When shall we be - hold Thv face? 
:^: :-::-: ^ ^ „ - »- : * f - 1 +^ 

ior above? 



* 



I 



-3-fl- 



-fc-J*. 



^-^ 



fs — P* — |- 



/ 



^mm^mmmm 



d& 



^ i 



-^--j— 



j^zt 



P When shall we greet Thee with to 



kens of love, 






In that hippy ho - ly place. 



«:£: 

-* — w- 



S-# • — • -1 — '•—•—» 

0, when shall we greet 



_-t-_c-_tr_ 



-^m-W-W-r-- 



Thee with to 



=izz=£3zt~te^:S!: 



»- -* -» T 



kens of love, 



T 



:i:3:«i=»I3:t— t^ 



When shall we meet Thee, our Savior and Lord? 

When shall we Thy glory see ? 
When shall we go to obtain our reward 

And in heaven be crowned with Thee? 
When Thou wilt come in Thy glory and might, 

Over all the earth to reign, 
May we be holy and pure in Thy sight, 

And Thy approbation gain. 



When shall we meet Thee, Redeemer and Friend ? 
When shall we in heaven abide ? 



When shall the just to Thy mansions ascend, 

Where our God and Thee reside? 
When all our labors on earth are complete 

And our mortal life is o'er, 
When we have gone where our record we'll meet 

On that bright eternal shore, 

Cuorus AFTER last verse. 

Then we will meet Thee, dear Savior above, 

Then shall we behold Thy face ; 
Then we will greet Thee with tokens of love, 

In that happy, holy place, 



§£*»*■ 



1852. 1883. 

BAIN WAGON DEPOT. 

TTAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
*-■*■ trade of 1883, one of the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
saie in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Public generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc., etc., all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank — Oak Ash and Hickory — to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq., has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by al, 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
arc, for cloth binding, $2,50: leather, $3.00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



TnE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Ilyrum Smith, Together with a Con- 
ciso Review of the Most l'roiuinent Incidents 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 184G. By Lyman 0. Liltleficld. For 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 cts. 



pARLY SCENES IN CHURCH II IS- 
-^ TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Scries." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
arc: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



CUBSCRIBE for the JUVENILE INSTRUC- 

TOR. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young peoplo of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is ndapte to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read atone time 
as another. The tirst volumepublishcdisas intercst- 
ingnowas when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as arc- 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volumo of the Instructor is one of 

the most useful and interesting Books a person 

can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 50 cU. 

" - - - - six months, - - 1.00. 
ti it it ' 

- - - - one year, - . 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, - - - in half calf, 2,50. 

" two in one book, ----"-._ 475, 

three ■■«-._. j D c ] 0l h i 7J00. 

Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 

01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



TJOOK BINDING, by an experienced 
■*-^ workman, in all styles and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on j'our magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 
them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

pIIURCII WORKS, in complete Sets, con- 
sisting of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine 
and Covenants, Key to Theology, Voice of 
.Warning, Spencer's Letters and Hymn Book, 
all Bound in Morocco, Gilt, extra embossed, 
For sale at this office. Price $13.00 and $13.50. 

• 
'T^IIE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
■*■ at our last Semi- Annual Conference arc 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON TnE 
LIKE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Descrct Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



DAVID JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 

Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 

Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 

No. 00 Main Street, 



Salt Lake City, Utah. 



.} 



P. 0. Box 306. 
12-15tf 



UTTTIIERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!" 
*■ And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z C M. I. 
II. S. Eldredoe, Supt. 



7 ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
Li INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.-Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets madu and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the best stylo, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

II. S. Eldredqe, Supt. 



DENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
-L Minutes of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 et, and 20 ct.. The best and 
cho^est in tho City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on tho cover, and at special rates; also 

"D EPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tintod paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at tho Juvenile 
Instructor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reasonable terms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other L^ips to 
the study of the scriptures— the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.20, $2.7. r >, $3.00, 
$3. 10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



DACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
-L* completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volumes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



MARTIAL BAND MUSIC. -Wo have lor 
sale at this Office the second set of music 
cards cnntaioinn two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published by 
the Descrct Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at' 50 cts. per set. 



ESTABLISHED 



1860. 



DAVID O. CAIDER, 

Salt Lake City, 
[m porter, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
ids of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
JSICAL MERCHANDISE. 
General Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
hose organs are acknowledged, the world 
ir, to be the very best made. Each one of 
! 1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
dence of their durability and superior excel- 
ce. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
sre been added lately to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
e taking the first rank in this and other 
intries. The largest dealers are competing 

the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
i by me has given perfect satisfaction. 
W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
s splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
rraDted. They exceed anything in the mar- 
, at the price, and very much superior to 
ny at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
n, Dowling & Peck, and Behr Bros. & Co. 
^ese Pianos are certainly the best of their 
is made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 

am now prepared to fill orders for all grades 
music for Brass and Orchestral Bands, in- 
iction books for all instruments, how to ar- 
ge for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
ids, drum-major's guide, etc., Published by 
W. Pepper, E. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
eher, and Thompson and Odell, at their 
;es. 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 

Organ Instructors. Publishers' hj MaM 

Prices. Prices. Prices. 



iite's School, 
litney's School, - 
Ids' School, 
Piano Instructors. 
Ids' School, 
rdon's School, 
lak's School, 



2 50 1 00 1 20 
2 50 1 25 1 50 
2 50 1 35 1 65 



,ke's School, 



- 3 25 2 50 2 75 

- 3 25 2 50 2 75 
75 45 55 

- 1 00 50 60 
75 40 50 

- 1 00 45 60 
lerican Instructors for all 

nstruments, - 75 50 60 

uner's Instructors for all 

nstruments, - - 75 30 35 

ig Folio: 208 pages of 

he most Popular Songs, 

nth Piano or Organ Ac- 

ompaniment, ... 60 75 

io of Music, 208 pages: 

, magnificent collection 

if Music for Organ or 

>iano, - 60 75 

lgs and Ballads: 100 

Songs and Music, new and 

)opular, .... 10 12 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of all 

i above instruments can be had on appli- 

ion. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 

1 prompt attention. 



npHE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 
FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds. 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promoting 
Series." Just issued and for sale at this 
Office. Price 25 cents. 

OCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
^ Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 

AN INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 
of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 



/^VGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., atOgden, 
^-' Weber Co — A Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise on hand, at bed rock prices. 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sears, Manager. 



PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S 
-*■ JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 



Z. C. M. I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Splits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



ESTABLISHED 185T. 

FURNITURE— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc, 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, Salt Lake 
City, Utah. 13-15 t. f. 

XTTRiTINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 

STANDARD," is the title of a book of 

512 pages, which we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared hi the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PRATT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writings of 
tbis Great and Good. Man, we hnve Printed them in Hook 
Form, and willsell this Work of ami Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 75 cents per Single Copy Postpaid. 



THE HAND-ROOK OF 
REFERENCE. 

It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
cribes the Religion and Country of the Saints, and contains 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourists and Residents. Price 
Postpaid, 60 cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LTDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Published, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 vents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. 



A NEW BOOK.— The Life of Nephi, 
-**■ The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
kuown as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith- Promoting Series. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



LOGAN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., at Logan, 
Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

R. S. Watson, Manager. 



PLURAL MARRIAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
True versus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the gospel are explained in a 
clear and pleasing, manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several non-"Mormorns" are the actors. Price 
3 cts each or $3.25 per hundred, post paid. 



