VOL. XV. 



MQMNES& TO TEE LQBO, 

■n-H 




SALT LAKE CITY, JANUAEY 1, 1880. 



NO. !. 



A PIECE OF SPONaE. 




FAMILIAR as is an ordinary piece of sponge, yet few 
people are able to give any rational account of what in 
reality it is. The dictionary definition, " a soft, porous sub- 
stance, remarkable for sucking up water," hints only at one 
of its qualities, common to a number of objects ; as, for 
example, a piece of blotting paper, which to some extent is 
equally bibulous. Even to 
the minds of most well- 
educated persons the true 
nature of the substance is 
far from clear. The com- 
mon and current notion that 
sponges are marine plants, or 
in some way or other ajiper- 
tain to the sea-weed group, 
would seem to have its foun- 
dation in the general aspect 
of the objects themselves ; 
their light, fibrous, vegetable- 
like texture, the well-known 
fact that they are procured 
from the sea-bottom ; and, 
as occasionally they are ex- 
hibited in museums and shop 
windows attached — stalked or 
rooted — to a portion of rock 
or other substance, it is easy 
to understand how they come 
to be looked upon as plants. 
Nor is this to be wondered 
at, seeing that, even up till 
within a few years back, 
naturalists, and those who 
made a special study of the 
sponge tribe, were by no 
means agreed a." to their 
nature. Some would have 
them to be plants, others 
that Xhey were animals of a 
low order, and so they were 
bandied about in the systems 
of classification, at one time 
ding a place in the animal, 




NKPTUNE'S CUP. 



at another in the vegetable, kingdom. Nay, more — at length 
a learned German hit upon the i)lan of placing them, along 
with several other lowly organisms of equally uncertain 
nature, in a separate group intermediate between plants and 
animals. Thus one would suppose the perplexity of the case 
got rid of; hnt not so — "confusion" became "worse 

confounded," until imagin- 
ation has run riot on the 
subject of some phases of 
their development ; and, once 
fallf-n iato the hands of 
theorists, poor sponge has 
been made the basis of a his. 
tory and plan of creation. 

Let us place before us an 
ordinary bit of sponge from 
the dressing table, or pur- 
chased out of the basket of 
the druggist. Perhaps the 
coarser the specimen is, the 
better will it be for our pur- 
pose — that of examining and 
illustrating its structural 
peculiarities. 

The best varieties of Tur- 
key sponge, as is well known, 
are soft and velvety to touch. 
Squeeze one, and it shrinks 
in dimension; the grasp un- 
loosed, it springs back to its 
orJAjinal form : it is thus 
resilient and elastic to a de- 
gree. Its lightness is a most 
appreciable quality. A mor- 
sel placed on the tongue 
yields no distinct taste ; 
chewed or pressed between 
the teeth, according to the 
sort of sponge does it seem 
fibrous, or stringy, or coarse 
and gritty, from the sand 
and foreign particles retained 
within it. ^Cast it into water ; 





crTJ"VE]:NriXjE! iin'sti^tjotoi^. 



^1 



at first it floats freely, but by degrees absorbs the fluid, settles 
down, and ultimately sinks. It is tbus remarkably "porous" 
and absorbent, and as the phrase runs, "is porous as a 
sponge." As a body, nevertheless, it is opaque, though thiu 
slices transmit light, like shavings of horn, while a flood of 
light passes through the openings and vacant spaces, whatso- 
ever be the direction of the cut. Apply flame to a small 
portion; it does not burn brightly, but fizzles, singes, or chars, 
according to the intensity of the heat. If this is great, a 
pellicle of metallic lustre, or light fragment of charcoal like 
matter is left. Meantime there arises from it a strong, 
disagreeable odor, very similar to that produced by the 
imperfect burning of hair.. Neither cold nor boiling water, 
alcohol, ether, amaionia, nor indeed, most chemical re-agents, 
reduce sponge-fibre to a soluble consistence; even the .strongest 
acids and alkalies act upon it only slowly, so that in this respect 
it is a very rcsi.stant body. 

]n the finest sorts of cup-shaped sponges, the hollowed top 
is drilled with great sized holes, which chiefly lead directly 
downward^ On the other hand, the outside of the cup is 
perforated by openings like sp many pin-holes, and these 
more often lead obliquely down and inwards. But the genenl 
uniformity of these latter, and as contrasted with the Ijvge 
orifices placed at the top, is a point of some importance. 

In the bath or honeycomb sponge of trade, the dome- 
shaped expanse is not on'.y rougher than in the "cup," but 
what gives ri.'ie to the technical name is the honeycomb-like 
dispersion, throughout the entire surface, of large gaping 
apertures. Around and everywhere between these is a still 
more numerous series of pinhead-sizod orifices, whilst the 
intervening finely reticular web forms the body of the sustain- 
ing tissue. In this sort of sponge is also well seen a peculiarity 
less apparent in the f:BPr-"rnps." Long, .jagged peaks of the 
felt substance stand out at all points, and they particularly 
.surround the large apertures, even forming a crater like rim, 
bending over or partly obscuring the hole. In some of the 
nodular or spread-out toilet sponges, again, a modification is 
met with. la shallow hollows, or occasionally on elevations. 
here and there a big hole is immediately encompassed with a 
number of somewhat smaller-sized subsidiary ones, producing 
thereby a star-shaped appearance. 

Much has been said in former numbers of the JrvE.NiLE 
Instructoii on the general structure of the sponge. The 
'Neptune's Cup." illustrated in this number, is so called 
from a fancied re.seuiblance to the shai)e of a goblet. There 
are many other fanciful names attached to sponges. In our 
next number, a piece of sponge will be represented, showin;? 
the nature of the circulation of water currents in the living 
animal. 




A STOIIY is going the round of the papers which might be 
called irreverent, though it is amusiug. lu a certain Lancashire 
town a building was used as a school and meeting-house, and 
over the pulpit was a sounding board in the shape of a cupola. 
It was made to swing from the ceiling by a pulley, so that it 
could be lowered to cover the pulpit when not in use. One 
day the minister was describing, in an illustrated lecture, a 
storm at sea, and clo.se to the i>ulpit, just where the susj)cnding 
rope was fastcncil, .sat a .sailor. The lecturer suddenly said, 
"IvCt go the halyard," and .lack, who was drow.«y, answered 
with "Aye! aye! sir!" and to everybody'.s amusement, the 
minister excepted, the board descended and shut the divine in 
more ways than one. 



KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. 



BY J. H. P.\RRT. 



''The wolf also sh.iU dwell with the lanih, and the leopard shall lie down -n-ith 
the kid; and-the call' and the young lion and the falling together; and a 
litlle child ^Lall lead them." Isaiah xi., 6. 

IN the beginning, before sin entered into the world, among 
the whole animal creation all was love, peace, frieudshij) 
and harmony; there were none to hurt, none to make afraid. 
Contrasted with the present state of afliiirs, we can readily 
conceive what a happy condition the world was in at that 
time, when, instead of the animosity now existing among the 
lower animals towards each other, there was but love and 
kin'hiess shown to all and by all. 

How often have the good and the jiure looked and longed 
for such a happy state of aSairs to be restored again to the 
earth I The prophet Isaiah, while contemplating the things 
of the future, was insiiired to write the quoted lines above, in 
speaking of the time when the knowledge of the Lord shall 
cover the earth as the waters cover the sea. "When the light, 
knowledge and intelligence of God is universally bestowed upon 
His lower creatures, as well as upon mankind, hatred and 
animosity will be banished from the earth, and all will be love, 
I'Cace and harmony again. 

Before this desirable result is efivctej, muoh is to be done to 
educate mankind to acts of love and kindness. Man it was 
who first sinned, anil brought evil into the world, and it remains 
for man, under the direction of the Lord, to take the fir.st 
step towards restoring the earth to its primeval state of ha]i- 
pincss. 

God has chosen the Latter-day Saints to be His jioojjle, and 
they are expected to be the pioneers in this great work of 
redemption. AVhen mcii. will be kind to each other, and to 
the animals that God has placed them to rule over, the s;iirit 
of ferocity and ill-will will be taken away from the brute 
creation. 

We must, then, learn to be kiudto the animal creation about 
us, and this will naturally beget a kindly reeling in tl:c:m. We 
all know that if a dog is cruelly ti'cated, or spoken tn in a cross 
tone, it is apt to become fierce and cruel itself; whereas b^' 
kind and wpnsiderate treatment it will become tame and docile. 

The Arab's hor.se is the best in the world, for the simple 
reason that he is kind and good to it, thus teaching it to lo\c 
him and to be of the grculest benefit to its master. 

Travelers in Turkey have often marveled at the tamoncss 
of tlic birds in that country. But the secret of it is, the 
children are taught to be kind to tlicni, and they will not hurt 
one of their winged friends on any account. 

In many Christian countries very severe laws are enacted, 
and influential societies formed for tlie protection of domestic 
and other animals from cruelty. But it is to be hoped that 
such laws and such .societies will never be necessary in Utah. 
In this respect wc .'-hould be exemplary. As children of the 
.Saints, we should cultivate the spirit of love and kindness 
towards the animal creation. We should never wilfully harm 
anything, not even a snake, who, tradition says first deceived 
our good mother Eve, and' was accursed for it. Through the 
force of this erroneous idea, or ibr some other reason, our first 
inii>ul.-5eattliesightofa snakeis tokill it. This is wrong. Our 
common snake, or reptile, is not that old serpent who deceived 
our first parents and who is now deceiving the world. 

There is a certain degree of intelligence possessed by all 
animals, which if wc were fully conscious of, would deter us 
from ever treating them unkindly or incon-sidoratily. When 




P:^ 



fm,^ 



CTTJ^EnsriLE insrsTi^TJOTOi^. 



3 cr 



we have knowingly injured a friend or neighbor, how natural 
it is for us shrink from his presence! If we but knew it, we 
would feel the same sense of shame after illtreating a brute. 

Kindness to the animal creation is a principle of the gospel 
we have to learn. They are a portion of the intelligent beings 
which God has created, possessing souls and feelings as 
well as T,e. The world does not recognize this principle as 
belonging to the gospel, but we should, for we know from the 
teachings that we Lave received, that animals are as much 
the creations of God as we ai-e, and that they have as much 
claim on Him for life, happiness and existence as we have; 
hence we should act more consistently in this matter than we 
can expect the world to. 

If ever the happy condition of aifairs predicted in the 
verse first quoted, is brought about it will be through the 
instrumentality of the gosfiel, as preached and practiced by 
the Saints of God; 1-jy cultivating a kindly disposition, and 
the spirit of love and harmony, learning to love each other 
and all of God's creatures. 



THE THREE PZ K A S . 



BY HANNAH T. KINll 



[ContiniiMl.) 
"]l| AMMA— (alone, mu.sing) "How apt a parent is to pore into 
ilX the gulphy futurity; to endeavor to portray and map 
out the weal and woe of the child beloved! But an all-wise 
Providence has drawn a dark veil over it; and happy are we 
that it is so, for we might be too much elated with a view of 
prosperity, or sunken in despair, were the picture re^-ersed. 
'He hath done all things well,' and as our day our strength 
shall be, if we seek it wliere alone it can be found, in 'the 
everlasting arm.s ' Oh! Father make us strong in thy strength, 
and perfect in thy perfection!'' (She writes.) 

"^fy dear boy^! Now that you have entered upon the 
second era of life you must begin fo put away childish ideas, 
and childish sports, and endeavor to prepare yourselves to 
take a part on the grand stage of the world, where all the 
men and women take characters, and adopt a role. 

"I know that you will desire to fill some prominent part 
and not always reuiaiu 'supes. ' To do this you must go through 
much training, perhaps of a pretty .severe nature; but never 
give up! Be your own ."chool Inastcrs, schooling yourselves. 
Thi.s is the finest (raining of all. Ciilebrated men, who have 
made a mark in the world, have generally been self-made men! 
Yet we all need tutors at certain times of life, and, my boys, 
always love and respect them; for I ever feel the teacher is a 
blessed character. Jjisten to them, and obey and apply their 
instructions. 

"Avoid sin in every form; let it be hateful to you; acipiire 
moral courage. The absence of this is the oause of so much 
that. is wrong in the world. Learn to say no! How much is 
comprised in that simple monosi'llable! What misery would 
often be spared if that had becm spoken! 

"And if you feel perplexed in any doubtful matter, lay it, 
like Hfczckiah of old, before the Lord. J'lace all dithculties to 
His account and He; will settle them in the bo.st way for you. 
I'raycr is tiie food of tlie soul, without which we ciinnot expect 
U> .succeed in our undertakings. By frciincnt prayer wo 
acfjuire a praying spirit, and a mind pri-|)iired for life or death, 
or whatever circumstances may come ariiund us. David prayed 
■ih his whole soul, morning and evening and at noon-day. 




Daniel prayed three times a day, even when he knew his life 
was to be the forfeit of his devotion. 

''Fenelou says, 'the manner in which we pray will decide 
our salvation.' Prayer is to the soul what food is to the body, 
its repast and nourishment. 

"Hannah Moore writes, 'it is not eloquence, but earnostne.ss; 
not figures of speech, but compunction of soul; the cry of 
Peter when drowning, 'Lord save us, we perish! ' the cry of 
faith to the ear of mercy!' 

"Ei'deavor to do your duty in that state of lift in which 
you may be called to act, in an honest and good heart, and 
leave the rest to Him who says, 'The race is not to- the swift 
nor the battle to the strong,' 'nor riches to the men of wisdom!' 

'Kemember He (God) is your Father, and will never leave 
you nor forsake you while you strive to keep His commands 
and worship Him 'in the beauty of holiness.' " 

( Ti> }>(• ( 'li:it!llllril. ) 



TEMPLE S 



BV DANIEL TYLER. 



[Continued.) 

AT early canlle-light, on the eveuing of the 2I.st day of 
January, ]s:;6, the prophet Joseph Smith met with the 
presidency of the Church, in the west school room of the 
Temple. They there and then consecrated a quantity of oil 
for the purpose of the holy anointing, and, first of all, poured 
the -holy oil upon the. head of father Joseph Smith, Sen. 
Alter praying oiu- Father in heaven to bless him, the prophet 
anointed the aged veteran, his father, and scaled many 
blessings upon him. The balance of the presidency then 
pronounced blessings upon him in turn, according to age, as the 
Holy Spirit dictated; all blessed him as a patriarch, to anoint 
the heads of the presidency, and to ;:teud to the duties of 
his calling a-- patriarch. 

'The presidency then took the seat in their turn, according 
to their age, beginning at the eldest, and received their 
anointing and bles.siug under the hands of Father Smith." 

Among other things, after anointing the head of Joseph, 
he sealed upon him "the blessings of iMoses, to lead Lsrael in 
the latter days," which also, at another time, wore sealed by 
Closes him.self. The heavens were ojiened unto them and 
they saw many things which were not written. Joscjih saw 
the celestial kiugilom of God and the glory thereof, with the 
beautiful gate, and the blazing throne of God, whereon the 
Father and Son were seated. He also .saw Father Adam, and 
Abraham, with his owu father and mother, and his brother 
Alvin, who died before the Church was organized. Seeing 
his brotlur Alvin there, who had not had the privilege of 
baptism fir the remission of sins, caused him to marvel. It 
is not probable he would have thought it strange to have seen 
him in any of the lesser glories, because he was a noble, good- 
hearted, pious young man, and believed every word of Jo.seph's 
first visions, received before his dcat,h. The L.ird answered 
Joscfph on this wise: "Ail who have died without a knowledge 
of this gospel, who would have received it if they had been 
pcrmilted to tarry, shall be heirs of the celestial kingdom of 
(!od; also all that .shall die honi^eforth without a knowledge 
of it, who would have received it with all their hearts, shall 
be heirs of that kingdom, for I, the Jiord will judge all men 
according to llicir works, according to the desire of their 
hearts." 

\Vhat glorious news this must have been to loseidi! If he 
gained celestial glory, that darling brother who, by act 





Cr TJ^^EIsr I Hi E IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




providence, was prevented from receiving the gospel, would 
not be separated from him; and this is a sample of all others 
in like circumstances. 

( To he Continued. ) 



SCHOOLING VS. RELIGION. 



SLUMBERING OVER WEALTPI. 



BY AN OLD MISSIONARY. 




"XTy^HILE on amission to the British Isles, many j'ears since, 
' ' I slept and boarded at a very old and strange-looking 
house, which stood upon a short, steep hill in a large city. 
Little did I think then that enormous piles of silver and 
gold coins and plate lay concealed at the time beneath that 
old ruined building. That such was the case, I have since 
learned from the sister who was my hostess at that time. I 
met her some time after her arrival in the mountains, when 
she informed me that some three or four persons, who had, 
after her, occupied tluit tumble-down dwelling, which over- 
hung the street, had found large fortunes there. 

These things were hidden by the people who lived in that 
city at the time it was besieged by Oliver Cromwell's avniy, 
and had lain there undiscovered over two hundred years. 

The question which naturally arose in my mind was, Why 
did I not dream about all this, so that some of these good 
things might also have fallen to my lot? As is usuallj' the 
case with Latter-day Saint missionaries, I was not at that fime 
iiipplied "'ith a great sbundance of means, and besides I was 
under special counsel to feed the hungry, help clothe the poor, 
never refuse to give alms to those who asked for them, assist 
in emigrating the poor Saints, and, though last, not least, 
"not on any account to return to Zion with money or property." 
Why then was I not prompted by some power to seek for and 
discover the wealth that lay concealed about me? The best 
answer I can give to these self inquiries is, that it was not 
my mission to find and handle these treasures. If it had been, 
how easy it would have been for the Lord tu have revealed the 
whole matter, and set me to work ! 

How often we sleei) in the midst of liidden treasures, which 
lie above, below and all around us, even the treasures and 
riches of eternity ! Whereas, if we would search diligently, 
there is no end to the amount we could discover, llow many 
of us are bountifully endowed by nature, possessed of talents 
that, if developed and rightly u.sed, would enable us to shine 
in the world, and yet are a.sleep to the fact! We have a 
wealth of worldly lionor, of usefulness to our fellow-beings, 
and eternal glory within our reach, yet we fail to grasp it! It 
is within the power of every person to make the world better 
for his having lived, to confer blessings and hapiiine.^s in some 
degree upon hmnanity! This is real wealth, if we could only 
realize it, and yet many of us slumber over it. We drift along 
through life without making u.se of the powers that God has 
blessed us with or discovering the wealth which surrounds us. 

Money is not the only wealth for which we should strive. 
Gold, silver and precious gems are not the only treasures which 
we should seek to acquire. The Savior, when upon the earth, 
pointed out a more worthy course for us to pursue. He said: 
"Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth 
and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and 
steal: but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where 
neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not 
break through nor steal." 



BY J. L. B. 



"TTrELL, I intend to have our child educated at the 

• ' Episcopal school," said a sister, who had a very 
intelligent daughter, to whom she was naturally fondly attached, 
and of whose jirecocity she was somewhat proud, for the child 
had a remarkable memory, and was clever in reciting verses. 

"I mean to have my child educated properly," said the fond 
mother to her husband. 

"At the Episcopal school, my dear?" asked the husband, who 
was the father of the child. "Are you dissatisfied with your 
religion?' '' he inquired. 

"I'm not talking about religion !" said the mother. "Be- 
sides, they don't teach religion at the Episcopal school. It's 
education they attend to; and they receive children of the 
Latter-day Saints, and never say a word against our religion." 

"Do the teachers of the Episco;ial school attend our Taber- 
nacle services, and go to our Ward meetings?" asked the 
husband. 

"How absurd .vou talk ! ' ' said the indignant woman. ' 'Why, 
it isn't likely they'd attend our meetings!" she continued. 

"Why not?" asked the husband. 

' 'They are not of oiu' religion, and they, of course, attend 
their own church. ' ' 

""Very consistent, indeed. Everybody should attend their 
own church. But do they send their children to our Ward 
school ■<?' ' inquired the husband. 

"Our schools!" said the lady. "Why, our schools are not 
to bo C(jmpared to the Episcopal school for education !" 

"P>ut there would be danger to our child," replied the 
father, "in atteiwling a school where the teachers are not of 
our fiiith, because children are influenced by the spirit of their 
teachers. Our religion is everything to us. We have forsaken 
our homes and friends to come here to be in the mid,st of peo- 
jile of our own faith; and that which is so precious to us we 
ought, in duty to our child, to secure to it, at any rate, until 
she is old enough to think for herself We are responsible for 
our children in teaching them, that they may receive a proper 
education. The very first duty of a parent is to instill into 
the youthful mind the principle of fiiith in God, to honor Him 
as the spiritual Father of the human family, to whom they 
owe obedience; from whom they have derived life and intelli- 
gence; and to whom they are indebted for health and strength, 
as well as every blessing they enjoy in this present life; and to 
whom they will be indebted for happiness, if they attain to it, 
in the world to come!" 

"But they do not interfere with the religion of children at 
the Episcoixil school. The teachers are perfect gentlemen and 
ladies," replied the mother. 

"They may not say a word in opposition to the principles 
I have alluded to as of vital importance to our child, but those 
very principles are part of education," continued the father. 
"The God-like qualities required of us as Saints are ju.st such 
as will make our children 'perfect gentlemen and ladies,' as 
you say those teachers are. These .should be taught to our 
children, not only when they are in school, but everywhere. 
Education should begin with the life of the child. As surely 
ixs it breathes the air it is surrounded by, to give life or death 
to its blood, according to its degree of purity, so will the moral 
atmosjihere a child is surrounded by influence it for spiritual 
life or death. I will renew this .subject another time. I know 
you love your child, and we will try to define more fully what 
education is." 





CTTJ'VlLllNriLE IISrSTI^TJGTOI?.. 




THE LAWS OF THE NEPHITP:w. 



BY G. R. 



IF the existence of wise, just and liberal law?, aduiiiiistered 
in righteousness, be the rule by which we can juJse of the 
true greatness of a nation and of theliappinessand prosperity 
of its citizens, then tlie Nephites were a far happier and more 
prosperous people than were their cotemporaries on the eastern 
continent. If this be not so, then we have not read history 
aright. 

The Nephite nation was co-existent with the great lloman 
power that for so long triumphed over and crushed the 
surrounding people in Europe, Asia and Africa. True, Rome 
was founded more thanaoentury before Lehi left Jerusalem, (*) 
but at the time of his exodus its growing poorer had scarce- 
ly begun to be felt outside of Italy. At the time that Moroni's 
record closed, the Nephites, as a nation, had become extinct, and 
the glory of the mistress of the world was rapidly fading away. 
Rome had been sacked by barbarians, the empire had been 
divided into two governments, the legs of Nebuchadnezzar's 
great image were forming; people and nations were rebelling and 
throwing off the iron yoke, and the idea of universal empire had 
become a thing of the past, (t) But how different the theory 
and genius of the two nations! The Nephite rulers governed 
by the power of just laws, the Romans by the might of the 
unsheathed sword. Amongst the former, every man was a free 
man, with his rights as a citizen guaranteed and protected by 
just laws. Amongst the latter, few could assert, as did the Apostle 
Paul, "Civis Romanus Sum" — I am a Roman citizen. The 
vast majority of the milliou'j who formed its people were 
either abject allies, vanquished enemies or degraded slaves. (J) 
Neither of these had many riglits that the Roman citizen felt 
himself called upon to respect, {i) We are apt to be awed by 
the grand military exploits of the Roman generals, and to he 
dazzled with the magnificence in art and arehitoeture of Rome, 
but we must recollect that the history of that city is the history 
of tyranny. Its power, during the greater portion of its con- 
tinuance, was in the hands of the few, who used it for the 
intere.stof their class. The masses of the population were the 
subjects of oppression and violence. 

No language could so well describe the spirit of Roman 
aggrandizement as that u.sed by the I'rophet Daniel when 
interpreting to the Babylonish king the import of the 
terrible image he had seen in his dream. These arc his 
words: "And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: for- 
a.smuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and 
as iron that bJ'eaketh all these, shall it break in pieces and 
bruise." (Daniel ii. 40.) And thus did Rome rule the eastern 
world as with a rod of iron. We need not refer to the other 
nations that existed on the eastern continent, for the people 
that Rome neither conriucred nor destroyed were barbarians, 
who, during the existence of the Nenhile.s, filled but a small 
page in the world's history. 

Tiiese facts are ])re.sented as worthy of the consideration of 
all who study the social and political condition of the great 




*— Tho generally accepted date for the foundation of Rome is 783, H. C. 

+ — Tlie eastern and wc»tt'rn empires were divided A. D. IlO-'i. Aluric, the 
fiotli, Kaclled Home A.I). 110. Ilrilain broke away from the enijiire A.I). 
■IIH. (laiil, Spain and Afriea were Muun afterwartlK lost. 

;— In Siiily aloni', ({o.'irli'd hy ill treatment, the slaves relielli'd. Tln-ir army 
numlK'red 2(iii,(«io (Ii. c. i:il-l:i'2). 

3 — It Wius no nneommon IhliiK for a lloman consul to (u-iler the nniKlsIra'*' 
of an allied town to he lloKged for some trilling oll'ense. A mere citizen, 
passing I h rough Vcnasia, Inid a free peasant whipjied ti> ilealh for jeslingly 
jisking the eitizeTrH slaves If they were carrying a dead Imdy in the litter- ou 
r shoulders. 



and highly-favored people who flourished on this continent for 
so many centuries: and we imagine the student cannot fail 
to be impressed with the thought that they were at least a 
thou.=and years in advance of their fellow men in the science 
of true government; and in their polity find a type of the 
most advanced and most liberal forms of government of the 
present age. That this .should be so, will not surprise us 
when we consider that they were a branch of the house 
of Israel, a people who enjoyed more political liberty (until 
their own follies had cut them off therefrom) than any of the 
other nations of antiquity, and that to the' law of Moses 
they had added the divine teachings of the everlasting gosj)el, 
which in themselves are a perfect law of liberty. Further, it is a 
noteworthy fact, which stares us in the face from the beginning 
to the end of the Book of Mormon, that when the people 
departed from the gospel principles, it was there and then 
only that they fell into bondage, of whatever nature that 
bondage might be. 

The political history of the Nephites may be consistently 
divided into five epochs: 

First. When they were governed by kings. 

Second. The republic when they were ruled by judges and 
governors. 

Third. A short period of anarchy when they divided into 
numerous independent tribes. 

Fourth. The Messianic dispensation, when they were con- 
trolled entirelv by the higher law of the holy priesthood. 

Fifth. The chaotic state of internicioe war which preceded 
their final extinction a* a nation and as a race. 
( To hi- Coiiti'iii.tiL ) 



BOILINa BROTH IN THE 
HIGHER ANDES. 



IN Byam's "Wanderings in Chili and Peru," we find the 
following remarkable illustration of one of the well-known 
laws of heat: — "Feeling very cold, we determined to make 
some soup to warm us, and as we had plenty of meat and onions, 
we cut them up, put them into a sauospan with salt and Cayenne 
]ietii)er, and set theui on to boil. I only relate this for the 
information of those who have not beeu to great heights, those 
who wish to go there, and also of those who, perchance, may 
believe that boiling must be the same thing all over the world. 
After our soup had bubbled away in the most orthodox style 
for more than two hours, we naturally concluded that our 
'bouillon' was ready and the meat perfectly done, especially as 
the last hail been cut into rather small iiieces; but, to our great 
surprise, we found the water almost colorless, and the meat 
almost as raw as when it was first put into the pnt. One of 
the miners told us it was of no use trying to boil anything, as 
nothing could be cooked by water on the top of that moun- 
tain; for, altliough the w.iter bubbled away very fast, the heat 
was not great enough to bijil a potato. 

"At great altitudes the w.tter bcgin-i to boil long before it 
arrives at the lit^at of-'lii deg. of Fahrenheit and as water can- 
not get hotter than boiling point, except by the compression of 
the steam, nothing can be cooked unless some safe moans of 
confining the steam bo adopted. I saw directly how the matter 
lay, and, sticking the lid tight on the pan, made it ftist with 
heavy liiinps of silvei- ore that were lying about, attaching them 
til the handle, and putting others outlia top of all. In a very 
short time the steam got u|), and, though it made the lid jump^ 
a little, I managed to get a good broth, to the great surprise of 
tho miners, who could not conceive what I was about." 





0"TJ^E!:N"IILE1 ih^stie^tjctok.. 



^Iie Ifiiuemfjf llnstrtictot;. 



GEORGE Q. CANNOJS, ■ - EDITOR. 





SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY ], 188(1. 

E3DITOI^.I.A.Xj th:otjc3-i3:ts- 

VXY curious thinirs are heard of; but one 
of the most remarkable moveuients of 
which Tve have heard i.s tlie proposal to 
labor for the conversion of the devil, 
i^ueli a proposal will make our readers 
smile. It may be hard .for them to be- 
lieve that anyone seriou.sly thinks of such 
a thing. But a preacher in London is said 
to be willing to try this job. He has 
issued a circular letter to all the preachers he 
knows, asking them to unite with him in jirayer 
that Satan may experience a change of heart ! 
If he could only get him converted, he thinks 
( V-^Vo^ "^ it would then be easy to convert the world. 
^•1^ \ ^\ hile Satan is so wicked, and doing all in his power 
_ .>->\-^} ^^ j^.^j j^gjj jjjjj women astray, it is hard to make 
people good; so thinks this minister. He, there- 
fore, entertains the idea of going to the root of the 
evil. If he can only make him see the enor of his way, he 
thinks mankind will have a happy time. 

Wc imagine that one of the dithcultios in the way of this 
pious scheme will be to get at the devil to reason with him 
and to show him how wro'.g his course is. Another difficulty 
is, the devil has gone so far into sin of every kind that he 
cannot be converted from his evil ways. 

There are many iicople, and so-called preachers, too, who do 
not understand this. They .suppose that the Lord can either 
convert him and make hiiu goi' 1, or stop him in his career by 
blotting him out of esi-stencc. It is a great puzzle to many 
pcojile why the Lord does not. do this. They can see no use 
for Satan: and some men who do not believe in God say that, 
if there is such a Being, He makes a gi-eat blunder in letting 
Satan live. The Bible tells us that "The fool hath said in his 
heart there is no God." The men who think and talk in this 
way are fools. They, poor, silly creatures, think they can 
iudffo God and His works and His jilan of salvation. They 
do not understand that it is God's design for all men to have 
their free azeney — to choose the good and reject the evil, or 
to choose tiie evil and reject the good. They do not under- 
stand that men could not be perfectly hapjiy, and coidd not be 
heirs of God and joint heirs with Jesus Chris; if they did not 
have their agency. Satan exercised his agency and became 
the devil. He loved evil and chose it. We have no doubt 
that in tlie beginning, before he became totally abandoned, he 
was taught the right way, he was r)lead witli, entreated and 
prayed for. The revelations teach us that he was an angel of 
God, that he was, in fact, a son of God. He had the same 
opportunity of choosing the good that Jesus had; but lie was 
disobedient and rebellious. He fought against the Father, 
and became a fallen angel, even a devil. He could do this, 
because he was a free agent. And all the sons and daughters 
of God are also free agents. Satan, therefore, tempts them. 
It is necessary thej' should be tempted. Witiiuut this the 
;in of salvation would not be jierfcct. On the one hand the 



Father entreats us to obey His laws, to keep His command- 
ments and to cherish His Holy Spirit. On the other hand 
Satan tempts us to do wi'ong, to commit sin, to disobey God. 
He si)reads temptations before men to lead them astray. We 
are not compelled to listen to him. He cannot force us to do 
evil. If we do wi-ong, it is because we choose to do so, for 
we are free agents. 

The Lord Himself will not compeJ us to serve and obey Him. 
It is pleasing to Him to have us do so. But, when we do so, 
it is because it is our choice and in the exercise of our agency. 
If, then, we should be so blessed as tohereafterreach the heaven 
where (xod the Father dwells, it will be because we have 
obeyed His laws, and not because He has forced us to go there. 
Those who go to that place of misery which is called hell, 
where Satan and his angels are, cannot blame any one but 
themselves. No one compels them to disobey and rebel 
against God; no one compels them to reject His offers of 
mercy or to fly from His arms stretched out to save them. 
They will be there, because their own free acts will have been 
such as to take them there. The knowledge of this will add 
to the misery of those who go to hell and to the happiness of 
those who go to heaven. 

To enjoy the sweet, mankind must know something abcut 
the bitter. They must have the[|opportunity of exercising 
their faculties and testing their powers. Unless they were 
exposed to temptation they never could know themselves, their 
own powers, their own weaknesses, nor the power of Crod. 
If Satan had no power to tempt mankind, they would be in 
a state where they could neither know good nor evil; they 
could not know happiness nor misery. All their powers would 
lie dormant, for there would be nothing to arouse them. 
They would be destitute of iS^at experience which prepares 
men to become like God, their eternal Father. 

We may depend upon it, therefore, that the proper way 
.to take away the power from Satan is to teach mankind not 
to listen to him. They are free agents. They can reject him. 
He has no power to lead them astray if they will not listen to 
him. When they cease to listen to him, he will be bound. 
The time is coming when for one thousand .years Satan will 
be bound. The London [ireacher had better obey the truth, 
and become a faithful Latter-day Saint, and persuade his 
friends to do likewise; then he will be doing something better 
than trvine to convert Satan. 




The Managemk.nt of Litple Folks. — It is useless to 
endeavor to make a child control his temper if jou give way to 
your own; to tell him to be truthful while you are not strictly 
fo\ to inculcate neatness while careless of your own dress. The 
little folks are keen ob.^ervers, and will not respect you unless 
yoti are worthy. Bo careful not to impose unnecessary iu.struc- 
tion.s — to forbid nothing without reason. It is well to infi'se 
into every child's mind the wholesome principle of self-rc iKct, 
to teach him that certain things are to be avoided and .ers 
cultivated, not because you say so, but because of his own 
dignity and .social poijition. So should they be taught ia their 
earliest years that certain things are for their good, that gen- 
tleness, unselfishness, and neatness are not only admirable in 
them.selves and pleasant in the family circle, but that they 
make their possessor welcome in the outer world, anr' are excel- 
lent capital to begin life upon. 







J-TJ"\rE:N'ILE] in^STI?.TJGTOI^. 



THE COLORADO RIVER 




THE Colorado River is formed by the juiietion of two rivers; 
tlic Grand River, wliieh has its source in the Rocky Moun- 
tains, near Long's Peak, and tlio (ireeu River, which arises 
near Fremont's Peak in the 'U'ind River Mountauis. The 
whole length of the stream is about two thousand unles, from 
the head of Green River, in 
Lat. 43° 1.5', Long. 109' -i',' to 
the mouth of the Colorado, in 
Lat. 31° .53' and Long. 11.5°. 
This river flows through our 
Territory. Its course has been 
cut through the solid rocks, 
forming deep, narraw gorges, 
called canyons. At some points, 
streams flow into this river, 
through smaller canyons, which 
have also cut for themselves 
similar channels to those of the 
main stream. The engraving 
represents Pa-ru-nu-wea]) Can- 
yon, which gives one a good 
idea of the character of the 
canj-ons of the Colorado. The 
Rio Yu-gen, between Long Val- 
ley and one of our settlements, 
called S e h u n e s b u r g . flows 
through this canyon, which is 
in many places not more than 
twenty or thirty feet iu width, 
and from six hundred to one 
thousand five hundred feet deep. 

As to the sources from whence 
the Colorado river is derived, no 
description can be more graphic 
or interesting than that given 
by Major Powell: 

' 'Its soui'ces are in alpiuefakes, 
fed by everlasting snows. 
Thousands of these little lakes, 
with deep, cold, emerald waters, 
are embosomed among the crags 
of the Rocky Mountain.s. These 
streams, born in the cold, gloomy 
solitudes of the uiijier mountain 
region, have a strange eventful 
hi.^tory as they pass down 
tlirough gorges, tumbling in 
ca.scade.s and cataracts, until 
they reach the hot, arid plains 
of the lower Colorado, wluie. 
the waters tli.4 were so clear 
above, emitty as turbid flood.s 
into the Gulf of Califuniia." 

The exploration of tlie (iiand 
Canyon of the Colorado was 

made under the direction of I'rofessor .1. \V. J'owell, in INCH, 
]sT(f, IHTl and \S12. The report of his labors was published 
in a lai-ge ipiarto volume, in 1ST.5, by dii'cclion of the Smith- 
sonian Institute, at \Va>hington, l>. C. Tills work is jirobably 
one of the most interesting of its kind, and e.siiecially .so to 
the inhabitants of these valleys. It not only gives a descrip- 
tion of the sublime and romantic .scenerv of a region lieretofoie 



unknown, but it embraces the geography, geology, ethncki^y 
a id natural histoi-y of the entire region through which the rivir 
))asses, in a very complete form, and iu a most fascinating 
manner. 'What is of deep interest to us as a people is t'ne 
notice taken b ■ the author of the traditions of the Indians, 
with glimjises of InJian villages and descriptions of the habits 



of the red man in 



day. 




Among other traditions of the 
long, long past is a myth that 
is told to travelers to deter them 
from penetrating into the mj-s- 
teries of the canyons: 

' Long ago, there was a great 
and wise chief, who mourued 
the death of his wife, and would 
not be comforted until Ta-vwoats, 
one of the Indian gods, came to 
him and told him she was iu a 
far liaiipier land, and ofi'ered to 
take him there, that he might 
see for himself, if, upon his re- 
turn, he would cease to mouru. 
The great chief promised. 
Then Ta-vwoats made a trail 
through the mountains that 
intervene between that beauti- 
ful land, the balmj' region in the 
great west, and this, the desert 
home of the pioor Nu-ma. " 

This trail was the canyon 
gorge of the Colorado. Through 
it Ta-vwoats led the chief 
M'^heu the}' had returned, the 
deitj' exacted from the chief a 
promise that he would tell no 
one of the joys of that land, 
lest, through discontent witk 
the troubles of this worlds 
they should desire to go fco 
heaven. Then he rolled a 
river into the gorge, a mad, 
raging stream, that sliould en- 
gulf any one that might attempt 
to enter thereby. 

This did not deter Blajor 
Powell from making the ex- 
ploration, although lie was 
' 'warned by the Indians not to 
enter this canyon. They con- 
sider it disobedience to the gods 
and contempt for their authori- 
t.v." 

^\'c may at some future time 
give a more extended notice of 
these very interesting canyons 
ol' (\)lorado. We also intend 
to show that wliicii will be 
ciiually interesting to the Lat- 
ter I'a ■ Saints, iianely, resemblances of the modern.Indiars 
tollie foniier iidiabitants of (his continent (the J>amanit£;.) 
as traced by .Major I'owell and others, and published in tl.e 
(Jovcrnmcnt Iteports as contributions tcj North Amcricarj 
ethnology. 

Tiie Latter-day Saints arc deeply interested in 
Iiertains to the past or future history of the Indians. 



;dl that 




^ 8 



TTJ^EH^ILE in^ST-E^TJOTOI^. 



^ 




Bi'firei'ii Futher and Son. 



Sox — Father, after people have been baptized and continned 
by the laying on of hands, what else have they to do? 

Father— It is their duty to live righteous lives, keeping all 
the commandments of the Lord which are binding upon them, 
and observing His precepts. 

S. — What particular commandments has He given to men? 

F. — Thousands of years ago He gave ten commandments of a 
religious and moral nature, which are still binding upon all men 
unto whom they are taught. 

S.— What are they? 

F. — The first is, "Thou shall have no other gods before me.'' 

S. — What is the second commandment? 

F. — Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any 
likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the 
earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: thou shalt 
not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the Lord thy 
God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon 
the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that 
hate me; and shewing msrcy unto thousands of them that love 
me and keep ray commandments." 

S. — What is the third commandment? 

F. — ''Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain: 
for the Lord will not liold him guiltless that taketh his name in 
vain." 

S. — What is the fourth commandment? 

F. — "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days 
shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the 
Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, 
thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy 
maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy 
gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, 
and all that in them is, .ir.d rested the seventh day: wherefore the 
Lord blessed the seventh day and hallowed it." 

S. — What is the fifth commandment? 

F. — "Honor thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be 
long upon the land which the Lord thj' God giveth thee." 

S. — What is the sixth commandment? 

F.— "Thou shalt not kill." 

S. — What is the seventh commandment? 

F. — "Thou shalt not commit adutery." 

S. — What is the eighth commandment? 

F.— "Thou shalt not steal." 

S. — What is the ninth commandment? 

F. — "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." 

S. — What is the tenth commandment? 

F. — "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not 
covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maid- 
servant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is thy neigh- 
bor's." 

S.— I think I have heard you say that Jesus Christ said there 
were two great commandments. 

F. — Yes, and that there was a great likeness between them. 

S. — What is the first of those two great commandments? 

F. — "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, 
and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." 

S. — What is the second of those great commandments? 

F. — "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thj-self." 

S.— Did Jesus say anything about those commandments? 
F. — Yes, he said, "On these two commandments han£ all the 
law and the prophets." 

S. — But are there not other commandments to be obeyed? 
F.— O yes, many. We are commanded to believe, repent, be 
baptized, have hands laid upon us, to gather together if we live 
a long way from the Church, that we may be united as one. We 
arc also commanded to meet together often, to preach the gospeb 
those who are called to do so, to partake of the sacrament, to pra}' 
to the Lord frequently, to build temples and attend to the ordin- 
ance of the gospel therein for the living and the dead, and to do 



all we Cf n to build up the Church and kingdom of God upon the 
earth, and promote the reign of peace and righteousness and 
happiness upon the earth. 



THE ABYSSINIAN RELIGION. 



BY DANIEL DDWYW.\1TII. 



■^piIE Abyssiniaus boast of having received their kings and 
J- the Jewish part of their religion from the renowned King 
f^olomon. They say that Azeb or Maqueda was informed by 
Tamerin, a merchant, of the great wealth, power and wisdom 
of Solomon. This led her to go to Jerusalem, attended by a 
retinue of the princes and nobles of Ethiopia, where she was 
instructed by Solomon in the knowledge of the true God. 
The presumption is that she was married to the king, and, on 
her return home, a son was born to her. Her son, whom she 
named Jlenilehech, afterwards went to Jerusalem to see his 
father, Solomon. Menileheeh was then thoroughly instructed 
in the law of Closes, and was anointed king of Ethiopia. 
And, according to the Abyssinian traditions, Solomon assigned 
several of the fir,st-born of Israel to attend and seiTe him in 
Ethiopia. He was also furnished with officers and servants 
belonging to the house of Judah, and with high priests, 
Levites, etc. 

The Abyssinians retain many of the Jewish ceremonies. 
They circumcise not only the male but also the female. They 
abstain from strangled things, blood, tlie flesh of swine and the 
animals prohibited in the Mosaic law. They use purifications 
and washings after certain pollutions. A man is obliged, 
should his brother die without male issue, to marry his widow, 
and thus rear children *o his name. They regard both Satur- 
day and Sunday as sabbaths. 

On the other hand, they believe the doctrine of the trinity, 
(Father, Sou and Holy Ghost) and that Christ shall come 
again in glory to .judge the quick and the dead; when the just 
shall enter into eternal glory and bliss, and the unjust shall be 
consigned to endless punishment in hell. 

The Abyssinian clergy are ])erraitted to marry. The people 
t:ike off their shoes or sandals before entering their places of 
worship. Their religious setwices consist of psalms, hymns, 
prayers and the reading of the scriptures, the Apocrypha, the 
acts of the councils, the works of St. John Chryso.stom, and 
other works which they have among them, and which they 
consider genuine. Their services are performed with decency 
and devotion, without any of the pom)) and ceremony used in 
many of the other eastern churches. They use no bells, but 
call the people together by the sound of wooden hammers. 
In their chiirehos they have'no pews, benches or anything else 
whereon to sit, but continue standing all the time. In none 
of their religious edifices, whether sumptuous or mean, have 
they statues or images of any kind, except painted pictures, 
which they venerate. They will not suffer any crueifi.\cs to be 
seen in their [daces of worship, or to be worn about the necks 
of the worshipers. Divorces, it is said, are easily obtained, 
and i)olygamy is allowed. They have a great many legends of 
.saints, etc., the enumerating of which would be foreign to my 
jun-posc. 

Thus, I have given a descriiitiou of the faith or religious 
creed of the semi-civilized inhabitants of Abyssinia, which 
faith is perhaps as good, if not better, in many respects, than 
that of their more enlightened and better privileged fellows in 
Europe and America, notwithstanding the boa,?ts of the peo- 
ple of these countries to the contrary. 





J"TJ"^rE:N"ILEl Il^STI?.TJGTOI^. 




REFLECTIONS ON THE 
COMMANDMENTS. 




BY A. JONES. 

THE FOURTH. 

"Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, 
and do all thy work: but the seveuth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy 
God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy 
daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor 
thy stranger that is witliin thy gates: for in six days the Lord made 
heaven and earth, tlie sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh 
day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed il." 

THIS law is siven for the observance of mankind, by the 
great Framer of the universe, and contains in its 
observance, that which is essential in its very nature for the 
well-being and development of man, physically and mentally. 
Though we may trace many good results following the 
observance of this law, its intrinsic value has not yet been 
fiilly told, in the blessings it is intended to convey in the well- 
being, health and prosperity of humanity. 

Rest upon the seventh day is sweet, enjoyable and refresh- 
ing to the worker. The Creator not only rested upon the 
seventh day, but hallowed it. No license is given to spend 
this day in a state of listless inactivity. It should be 
hallowed by a rest of the physical forces, that the mind may 
be drawn out in deep thought upon our present position in 
life, the improvement thereof, reflection upon the great 
future, and the study of principles and laws for the proper 
government of our lives. The Sabbath, or seventh day, 
observed by the Israelites as the day of rest, has given place 
to Sunday, the first day of the week, on account of the 
resurrection of the Sayior taking place on that day. The 
Christian woild not only changed the day of rest, but declared 
a new era for this earth, coiumenciug the numbering of the 
years from the birth of Christ. 

As the bow is unstnmg that its strength may be retained, 
so with the human body. Rest from the tension of labor 
renews its strength. The inspiration of a well-spent Sabbath 
has a beneficial effect upon human life. It builds up the forces 
of the mental parts, the great jjower and imjietus to our physical 
endurance. Thus, we find the greatest of physical exploits 
are performed while the mind is sufl'used by tlie full force of 
the necessity of action. The mind of the youth, well stored 
with knowledge acquired in our Sabbath schools, is better 
prepared to resist evil, being illuminated with a knowledge 
that places the power of the evil one to a certain degree in 
' abeyance. 

As a people, we are especially commanded (Doc. and Gov. 
page 149) to jiay our devotions unto the most High on His 
holy day, prcijaring our food with singleness of heart, confess- 
ing our sins, and inasmuch as we do this, "the fullness of 
the earth * * * the beasts of the field and tlie fowls of the 
air, * * » * the herb and the good things which cometh of 
the earth, * * * yea, all things which cometh uf the earth, in 
the season thereof * * * to strengthen the body and lu enliven 
the soul," arc ours. 

It is a noticeable fact that i)eisi.stcnt Sabbath breakers are, 
as a general thing, unthrifty; and men, on their own acknowl- 
edgement, prove that the appropriation of the Sabbath to 
their own use, is often attended by the loss of double the time 
allotted to labor. 

The penalty of breaking this command, anciently, was death; 
but it is now noticed in milder form by the statutes and laws 
of many civilized nations, and is especially so by our Territorial 
legislators, as our statutes show. In many of the gay cities oi' 



Europe and elsewhere Sunday is used as a day of worldly 
pleasure — an index of the infidelic spirit of the age. 

Should we follow this example, and inaugurate boating on 
our lakes and excursion parties into our canyons on the Lord's 
day? If we were to do this, we would fail in securing the 
blessings promised, and gradually fill into unbelief. There is 
no necessity for this; for by wise application of our labor in 
this heaven-fiivored land, sufficient time for pleasure and 
recreation may be found, without infringing upon this Fourth 
Commandment. 



GOINO TO MEETING 



BY JAS. MAXWELL. 



Thomas. ^Johnny, I believe I'll go to meeting this evening, 
and have some fun. 

John. — Well, Thomas, I am going to meeting, too, but not 
for fun. I go to hear what is said, so I can gain some informa- 
tion. 

T. — Oh, I don't go for that. It's fun that I want. If any 
of the speakers say anything that I think is funny, I'll laugh 
and try to make some of the other boys laugh too. 

J. — I think it is wrong to go for any such thing, for it is 
not mannerly. 

T. — What do I care for manners! What goodwill they do 
me? 

J. — If you are mannerlj', people will think well of you. If 
you are rude they will hate you and shun you. 

T. — I don't care anything about that, I like the fun of pull- 
ing the hair of smaller boys than my.self, and sticking pins in 
them, and getting the attention of all around me. 

J. — That is wrong. How would you like it if boys that 
were bigger than you should do those things to you, and by 
doing so prevent you and others from lisiening to the speaker 
when you were really anxious to hear him? 

T. — I don't see why people should be anxious to hear him. 
What good is there to be got by giving heed to the speaker. 

J. — We get good advice, and good teachings, which will 
make good men of us if we will only practice them, and then 
we will gain the friendship of all good men and women, and 
our fathers and mothers will love us, and be proud of us. 
But if we are rude they will be ashamed of us and no one will 
love us. If you are going for fun I don't want to sit by you. 
I want to hear all that is said, so I can tell my i'ather all about 
it. You kaow he is sick and can't go. 

T. — Well, I never thought about these things before. There 
was nothing in my mind but mischief 

J. — Mischief may do sometimes, and fun is good in its place, 
but we should not go to meeting for either. 

T. — Well, I believe you are right. If others like to hear 
the preaching, I guess I shouldn't prevent them. I think I'll 
try and be more .still in meetings in the future, and I hope 
you won't be afraid to sit by me. 

J. — I am very glad to hear you say so, and if you will meet 
me at six o'clock we will go to meeting together. 



A Side Study.— Let any man, when he starts in life, have a 
.side study, be it history, langnago, poetry, any branch of 
natural history or geology, and let him give it the fragments 
of his time and he will be surprised at his own acquisitions. 
The whole tone of his thoughts and life will be elevated; the 
change of subject will be his best recreation. 





lO 



crTj^;^E3iTiLEi zisrsTi^TjaTOis.. 



c^ 



BOOK OF MORMON SKETCHES. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE 




[Continved.) 
rS'^HE priests of Noah, who had fled into the wildevuess, were 
X both ashamed and afraid to return to their wives and 
children. By watching, they discovered a jilace in Shemlon 
where the daughters of the Lamanites were in the habit of 
meeting together for amusement. Embracing a favorable oppor- 
tunity, they forcibly carried off twenty-four of these maidens 
for wives. This raid on tlieir daughters made the Lamanites 
exceedingly angiy. Without inquiring into the facts, they 
charged the Nephites with the deed, and, in their excitement, 
the king in person led their armies against the people of Liuihi. 
They discovered the movements of the Lamanites ni tiuje to 
receive them, and as tliey came up attacked them in the 
fields and forests. As the Lamanites were in a state of great 
irritation, and the Nephites were fighting for e.KJstenee, the 
battle was a very severe one. The Nephites, i.in!y about half 
the number of their enemies, were victorious. Some of 
them, finding the king of the Lamanites among |thc dead, 
badly wounded, took him to Limhi and were desirous of slaying 
him, but Limhi would not permit it. An explanatiim took place 
in whicli Gideon suggested that it was the in-iests of Noa'n 
who had stolen the Lamanitc virgins. Botli parties di-coverod 
that a great error had been committed, whi(di had caused the 
loss of many lives. As the Lamanites were iiieiiaring for 
another attack, Gideon, who appears to have been both wise 
in counsel and brave in battle, suggested that the uieu of 
Limhi and the king of the Lamanites go out, unaiujed, to 
meet them with the hope of coming to a proper tnidtiistanding 
of affairs. The plan sycceeded. The king of the Jjuinanitcs 
plead with his people for the Nephites. The exc'tcnient was 
allayed, a correct understanding ariived at by all tl'o parties, 
and they returned home in peace. This coMtiniicd for many 
days when the Lamanites began again to anncjy tl.c Xephitcs. 
They did not venture to kill them, on acconut of the treaty 
i'liy had made to spare tlieir lives, but they beat them, put 
hj-.Ty burdens on their backs and drove them about as thougli 
thjy were dumb asse.s. In this was fulfilled the words of 
Abiaadi, in Mosiah, chap, vii., jiar. 1 1. The aflliclion^ nt' llu' 
iJsphitcs were now very great, and tlifre appeared no possib'e 
vr^y of deliverance, for they were siurourided by Lamanites 
on every side. In their afltietions, they greatly grieved king 
Limhi with tlieir c<jni|ilaints, atid were desirous of making an 
etTort to free themselves by force. Ifo doubted the wisdom (jf 
the project, but was finally induced to give his consent. They 
attacked the Tjamanites three times and were driven back eaidi 
time witli much loss. There was now great mourning and 
lamentation among them, and especially among the many 
widows whose husbands had been slain. These efforts oidy 
made ilieir condition more grievous. They irritated their 
cncniies wlio abused them the more, and increased tlieir 
burdens. The Nephites submitted themselves in the most 
abject humility to their enemies. 

After a time, the Lord .softened the hearts of the Lamanites 
.so that they began to case their burdens, but He ilid not deliver 
them out of bondage at once. They, however, gradually 
prospered, and had more grain, flocks and herds, so tliat they 
did nut suffer wllii hunger. 

Oil account of the number of men who Iiad been slain, iheie 
were many more women than men, and Limhi cnnmanded 
that every man .should contribute to the sujiiiort of the widows 
and children. 



The people of Limhi keijt together as much as possible for 
jirotection. Even the king did not trust himself outside the 
walls of the city without his guards, lest he might fall into the 
hands of the Lamanites. 

Limhi caused his people to watch for those priests who had 
fled into the wilderness, and .stolen the daughters of the 
Lamanites; that they might be inmished, not only for the 
great destruction they had brought upon the Nephites, but 
also for coming into the country by night and carrying away 
grain and other in-operty. 

There was no further disturbance between the Nephites and 
Lamanites until the arrival of Amnion and his party. When 
they arriveil, Limhi and his guards were outside of the city, 
and, supposing them to be priests of Noah, had them bound 
and imprisoned with the design of putting them to death. 

The record of Zeniff gives an account of finding the land 
northward, as stated in the verbal communieations of Limhi to 
Ammon, and adds, that this event took place but a short time 
before the arrival of Ammon and his party. The first great 
object now was the deliverance of the Nephites from bondage; 
ami Amnion and king Limhi began to consult with the people 
a-i to the best means of accomjili'-'hing this. They assembled 
together that they might have a voice in the matter. Their 
enemies were too numerous to indulge the hope of freeing 
themselves by force. The only reasonable way appeared to be 
to go into the wilderness with their families and such property 
as they could take with them. Gideon again gave wise coimsel. 
He proposed to the king to send the tribute of wine to the 
Lamanites, and also additional wine, as a present, that they might 
^et intoxicated. The Nephites might then go, Avith greater 
security, in the night, through a back pass into the wilder- 
ness. This plan was alopted, and succeeded. The people of 
Lmhi t!-avoled anuiirl the Lnd of Sliilom, and bent their 
counse for Zarahemla, lei by Ammon and his men. After 
many days, they arrived among the people of Slosiah and 
became his subjects. He received them with joy, and also 
received their records, and the records of the Jaredites, which 
they had found in the north coucitry. 

When the Lamanites found that the Nephites had escaped 
ill the night, tliey sent an army after them. After two daj'S 
this aj-iiiy could no longer follow their track, and were them- 
selves lost in the wilderness. This circumstance proved 
iinfortuiKite for Alma airl his people, wlio, as before stated, 
had fled before the armies of king Niah from the forest and 
waters of Mornuin. After traveling eight days in the wilder- 
ness they came to a very jileasant, beautiful land where they 
pitched their tents and began to till the earth, and labor to 
provide for their wants. They wore desirous that Alma should 
bo their king, but he advised them not to have one, and as a 
reason remindcl them how they had been led into wickedness 
and .sorrow by King Noah. He set apart just men to be their 
priests and teachers, and they counseled the people and watched 
over their interests. 

Tliey called the countiy where tliey settled IFelem, and Imilt 
a city of the same name. They rapidly increased in numbers 
and wealth. One day, while engaged in their labors, they 
were suddenly surjirised at' seeing an army of Lamanites 
marching into the borders of the land. Alma exhorted them' 
not to be frightened, and to ask the Lord to soften the hearts 
of their enemies. Alma and his ])co|ile delivered themselves 
up to the Jjamanites who spared their lives and took jiossession 
111' the land of Helem. This great calamity to the people of 
-Vlnia happened as follows: The armies of the Lamanites 
tliat ]mi.-ucd the people of Limhi, as has been stated, got lost 





CrTJ^Ei:N"II_.E I2NrSTI?.TJGTOI^. 



11 -^s 



ill tlie wilderness, and, wliLle wandering about, found the priests 
of Nopli in a place which tliey called Amulon, after the name 
of their leader. Amnion jjlead with the Lamanites, and they 
also sent their wives, the daughters of the Lamanites, to plead 
with their brethren for their husbands. Thus Amulon and 
his people were saved by their wives. They joined the 
Lamanites and were all traveling together in search of the land 
of Nephi, when they discovered the land of Ilelem. They 
promised Alma and his people that if they would show them 
the way to the land of Nephi, they would spare their lives 
and give them theu* liberty; bat aftel- Alma had fulfilled the 
jiromise on his part they broke theirs, and placed guards over the 
country. The remainder of the Lamanites went to the laud 
of Nephi, and a part of them returned and brought with them 
the wives and children of those who had been left to guard 
the land of Hclem. Amulon, the leader of the priests of 
Noah was made king over the Lamanites in the land of Helem, 
but without power to do anything contrary to the will of the 
king of the Lamanites in the land of Nephi. 
[To he Cuatumed.) 



■ O *t K I ' f* 



L 






THir] 




[_ Conliiiued. ) 

DREAMS are frequently given by the Loi d to His peoplo 
to warn them of future events. It was by means ol' a 
dream that Jcseph, the reputed famer of Je.>-U!-, was warned 
to leave Galilee and flee into Egypt, because Htrod was going 
to slay all the niale children. Dreams have Irequtntly been 
a means of warning people concerning the future. Daring 
the time of which we write, Joseph had a remarkable dream, 
which he related in public. 

He dreamed he was riding in his carriage and his guardian 
angel was along with him. They passed the Temple, and 
shortly afterwards, saw two large snakes locked fast together, 
so fast that neither of them had any power. Joseph enquired 
of his guide what he was to understand by that; to which his 
guide answered: 

"These snakes represent Doctor Foster and Chauucey L. 
Higbee. They are your enemies, and desire to destroy you; 
but you see they are s-o fast locked together tjiat they have no 
power of themselves to hurt you." 

He thuu thougiit that he wa.s riding up a street in Nauvoo, 
called Mulholland Street, but his ganrdiau angel was not with 
him. On arriving at the prairie, he was overtaken and seized 
by William and Wilson Law and others, who .said: 

"Ahal aha! we have got you at last! We will secure you 
and put you in a safe place!" 

They dragged him out of his carriage, tieil his hands bcliiml 
him, and threw him into a dry pit, wheie he remained in a pei- 
fectly helpless condition, and they went away. While he was 
struggling to get out, he heard Wilson T^aw screaming for help, 
close to the pit. Joseph managed to free himself so as to ijc 
able to make a spring, and he caught hold of.iouie grass which 
grew at the edge of tiia pit. On looking out ol'iho pit, he saw 
Wilson Ijaw at a little distance attack ^d hy ferocious wild beast: ; 

1 heard him cry oul: 



'0, brother Joseph, come and save me!" 

Joseph replied: 

"i cannot; for you have put me into this deep pit." 

On looking out another way, he saw William Law with out- 
stretched arms, blue in the face, with green poison forced out 
of his mouth, caused by the coiling of a large snake around his 
body. It had also seized him by the arm, a little above the 
elbow, ready to devour him. In the intensity of his agony, he 
cried out: 

■ "0, brother Joseph, brother Joseph, come and save me, or 
I die I" 

Jo:seph replied to him: 

"I cannot, William; I would, willingly, but you have tiecEiQ 
and put me in this pit, and I am powerless to help you CL" to 
liberate myself" 

In a short time after, his guide came and said aloud: 

"Joseph ! Jo.-eph ! what are you doing there?" 

He replied: 

■'My enemies fell upon me, bound me and threw me in." 

He then took him by the hand, drew him out of the pit and 
set him free; and he went away rejoicing. 

We well recollect the impression which the relation of this 
dream made upon the people who heard it. Every one of the 
Saints could understand the meaning of the dream so far as 
William and Wilson Law were concerned; for they had placed 
it beyond Joseph's power to help them by their wicked con- 
duct; but the people could not understand all the dream. It 
was not all clear to their minds what was meant by those two 
men and their dragging Joseph out of his carriage and binding 
his hands fast, and casting him into a pit. Although Joseph 
spoke frequently about the Twelve bearing off the Kingdom 
and taking additional responsibility, speaking as though he 
was about to leave them, still, no ou« supposed that he was 
going to die; and this dream was not generally interpreted in 
that manner. As we proceed with our history, however, you 
will see how truthfully it was fulfilled. The enemies bound 
him, cast him into a pit, and it seemed as f bough his gaurdian 
angel was not with him when they did it. That part has been 
fulfilled; but the remainder of tlie dream, concerning the two 
men who had betrayed him, who once had been his friends, 
will be fulfilled, and they will yet find themselves in a condition 
where they will need his help; but he will be in a position 
where he cannot as'-ist them, in consequence of their acts to- 
wards him in the jiast. 

It is a terrible thing for a man to cousent to the death of 
God's anointed — to shed innocent blood, or to be accessory 
thereto. It weie better for such a man never to have been 
born, or if a millstone had beeu tied around his neck and he 
had been cast into the depths of the sea; for such a sin can 
never be forgiven in this world nor in the world to come; and 
the heaviest of woes are pronounced upon those who ct>mmit 
such crimes. The men who were guilty lA' this crime towards 
hiui, placed it out of Joseph's po.^er to render them the aid 
which they will yet rcijuire. 

( 7'o l/i' C'citliiiuiil. ) 



(1()0J> N.vnuK. — Good nature is the best feature in the 
finest face. Wit may rai.se admiration, judgment may com- 
mand respect, and knowledge attention. IJcauty may infiarie 
the heart with love, but good nature has a more pow ' 
(ul effect; it adds a thousand attractions to the charnt ' 
Ijcauty, and gives an air of beneficence to the most hcsr y 
fai-e. 





IS 



o'Tj'VEn^iLE insrsTi^TJOToi^. 




'TIS SABBATH DAY. 



Words by H. W. NAisBnr. 
Allegro moderato. 



Music by J. Fones. 







■'Tis Sabbath day, and 
AudTvheu theymeet tbev 



Sabbath school, And hap - py 
drink the cup, And eat the 




children 
bro - ken 




To 
In 



honor God's e - ter - nal 
mem'ry of one lift-ed 



-f~i» — c~-t>— 



m^^^m 




To honor God's e - tor - nal 
In mem'ry of one lift - ed 



rule 

up— 

I 



Of 
A 



Sab 
Sav 



bath 
ior 



To honor God's e - ter - nal rule, To honor God' 
In mem'iy • of one lift - ed up. Inmem'rj- of . 



e - ter 
one lift 



^#1^1 



m 



nal 
ed 



rule 
up- 



Of 
A 



Sab 

Sav 



bath 
ior 




rest 
once 



Until He comes to earth again, 
As King among His Saints to dwell, 

These shall this sacred rite maintain, 
'Gainst all His foes, of earth or hell. 



He is our Lord, our Savior He, 
And we His gospel will revere; 

So shall we cLiim His love and be. 
True subjects of His kingdom here. 



TnE answer to the Scripture Enigma published in No. 
^'ol. 14, i.i as folio w.s: 



A-nania-s 
D-ecre-e 
A-rara-t 
:M-ara-h 



Acts V. , 3— .'■>. 
Dan. vi., 9. 
Gen. viii., 4. 
Exod. XV., 2?,. 



We have received a coiTCct solution from Emily A. Crane, 
Parowan. 




A Good Conscience. — A good conscience is to the soul 
what health is to the body; it preserves a constant ease 
and serenity within us, and more than countervails all 
the calamities and afflictions which can possibly befall 
us. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory^ 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^a~0£Bce, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 



^' 



4 



