fi^ 





■.m ^^ 







VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, OCTOBEE 26, 1872. 



NO. 22. 



TEI^vdll^LE OIP ^BOO SJ^IMIBOOL. 



WHAT a curious engraving we have here ! Just look at it, 
it is quite a curiosity. What can you make of it ? You 
might ponder long, and study hard, and still it would most 
likely be perfectly unintelligible to you. It is thoroughly 
Egyptian in character, and one of the many similar monuments 
which that country and those immediately contiguous to it con- 
tain. 
It is a tomi)le cut out of the solid rock, and these with the 



seemingly almost as imperishable as time itself. Egypt was 
undoubtedly one of the earliest and greatest nations of the 
earth. Our planet seems scarcely to have reached the childhood 
of the period of man's advent ere Egypt was a nation, with a 
well organized and matured system of government; possessing 
a written language, scientific, religious and mOitary systems, 
with priests, pliilosophers, and everything indicating a people 
far advanced ia the arts and refinements of civilized life. 




pyramids, sphinxes etc., are all typical of the country in which 
they are found, for Egypt is, perhaps, the most curious and inter- 
esting of all the nations that ever existed. A groat deal is said 
in history about the glories of ancient Greece and Rome, but 
long before they were known Egypt was a great and mighty 
nation, the seat and centre of science, art and learning, and of a 
civOization the remnants and monuments of which still remain, 



Among the monuments, still existing of those early times, 
arc the pyramids, the sphinxes, nunicrous temples, the ruins of 
powerful cities etc. etc., forming such a collection of wonderful 
mement<jes of the now forgotten past, as no olhcr nation on the 
earth can 1)oast. 

The pyramids arc regarded as among the wonders of the 
world." They arc the most gigantic structures in existence, and 



1^3^ 



^^^^ 



f 



170 



^^ 



O'TJ^EI^ILE II<rSTI^TJCTOie;. 



must have taken many scores of years to buOd. Modern 
researches and investigations have proved that one of the chief 
uses to which they were put was for royal burial places; but it 
IS scarcely possible to imagine that human vanity could go so 
far as to erect such enormous structures for this purpose only. 
Many parts of these ancient structures, inside and outside, are 
covered with the hieroglyphics or sacred symbolic writing of the 
ancient Egyptians, which still baiSes the most learned in the 
world to decipher. Some little in this direction has been 
accomplished, and the portions translated have been found to 
consist of inscriptions in honor of the victories of the ancient 
rulers, and of praises to the gods worshipped by the people. 
But despite the researches of the learned the history of those 
times and nations, is enshrouded in almost impenetrable mys- 
tery. 

Our engraving, on the first page this week, represents one 
of the most magnificent of these ancient ruins. It is called 
the Temple of Aboo Sembel, or Aboo Sambool. It is in tho 
valley of the Nile, on the west side of that famous river, in 
latitude 22 deg. 20 min. It is in the country called Nubia, a 
portion of the present Egyptian territory. It is the larger of 
two famous temples in the same locality. The entrance to this 
one was discovered in the year 1817, buried beneath thirty-one 
feet of sand. The width of the fl-out of this temple is 117 feet, 
and its hight S3 feet. The Temple of Aboo Sambool is famous 
because of the four gigantic figures, carved out of the rock, in 
front of it. Three of them, you see, are still in fine preserva- 
tion, although they are probably four or five thousand years 
old. They are the largest monuments of the kind in all Egypt 
or Nubia. One of them is now defaced. The dimensions of the 
largest of these figures is : 50 feet high; 2 j feet 4 inches across 
the shoulders; face 7 feet and nose 2 feet S inches long. The 
figures wore formerly painted, but that is now worn off. The 
temple is decorated in many parts with the pictures usual in 
ancient Egyptian strictures, of a conqueror triumpliing over his 
victims; also with the name and title of Rhamses, who is 
believed to have been one of the emrliest and mightiest of 
Egyptian rulers and conquerors. 



£1 T S 



rC O -R. IT O IF 

O XI XJ I^O HI. 
(Continued.) 



T" 131 B 



WHILE many of tho Saints who had started westward from 
Nauvoo were pursuing their toilsome journey, making 
new roads, building bridges and fording turbulent streams, 
caujping often in low, marshy places wherever night happened 
to overtake them, or when their teams gave up from fatigue; 
while many where engaged in establishing stations, building forts 
and making farms in the wild and uureckiujed districts of the 
western frontier for the accommodation of their brethren who 
.should follow; while five hundred of their most able and ser- 
viceable men were responding to the call of the Govern- 
ujont and h-aving thi-ir faujilies destitute to march as soldiers 
to Mexico, and while all were suffering from the hardship 
and exposure which they were forced from their circum- 
stances to endure, those who were left behind at Nuuvoo had 
their share of trouble too. Those of the iSaiuts who remained 
there were generally of the poorest class, persons who hud not 
sufficient means to furnish themselves with teams and the 
necessary outfit to commence the journey, but all were anxious 
to go and their labors were constantly directed to efi'ect that 
end. Their enemies knew this, and knew also that by continu- 
ing their violence the .Saints would be rct;irded in their prepara- 
tions to leave. As if this fact stimulated them to be more 
determined in their vile efforts than ever, they sought by every 
means in their power to harass them and cause them to 



'^^-^v ^ 

m^^ 



abandon their homes without receiving any compensation for 
their property, or means with which to migrate. In comment- 
ing upon the state of affairs which there existed the Hancock 
Eaf/hj a paper published in Nauvoo at that time, used the fol- 
lowing language : 

"In calmly reflecting upon the condition to which this 
country has been reduced by a gang of rufiians, who style 
themselves 'Regulators,' one is almost forced to the con- 
clusion that we are living in a land over which a free govern- 
ment has not shed its blessed influence. Here, in one of the 
most fertile regions that the sun ever shone upon — in a district 
of country that has been settled for twenty years, and in the 
midst of an enlightened community, the families of worthy and 
respectable American citizens are as much harassed by the 
terrors of violence, as if they resided in a wilderness and were 
daily subject to an assault from savages." 

Nor were the Saints the only ones who suffered from the 
annoyance and persecutions of the self-styled "Eegulators;" 
the new citizens — those who had recently purchased property 
and settled in Nauvoo — especially those who were at all friendly 
to or sympathized with the Saints, were subjected, more or less, 
to the same threats of extermination and the same jeopardy of 
life and property. 

On the 11th of July, John Hill, Arcliibald N. Hill, Caleb 
W. Lyons, James W. Huntsman, Gardiner Curtis, John Eich- 
ards, Ehsha Mallory and J. W. B. Phillips, who were engaged 
in harvesting wheat about twelve miles from Nauvoo, whQe 
working in the field were surrounded by an armed mob, who 
conjpletely hemmed them in, thereby preventing their escape, 
and then ransacked their wagons for their fire-arms. After 
taking from them every weapon they had, the mob sent to the 
woods for some long hickory switches. Then taking the 
defenceless men one at a time they forced them to assume a 
stooping posture in a ditch, while each of them received twenty 
lashes across the back with the switches wielded by one of the 
mob party. As there were but eight of the brethren, they 
were so completely in the power of these merciless creatures 
they could not do otherwise than submit to the torture. The 
mob then smashed four of their guns to pieces over a stump 
and returned the fragments to them, while they retained the 
rest of the guns and pistols. The brethren were then ordered 
with an oath to get into their carriages and drive for Nauvoo, 
and not look back, and the mob fired a parting shot at them 
as they did so. 

Several of the mob engaged iu the affair were recognized, 
and two of them named BIcAuley and Brattle were soon after- 
wards arrested. Followixg this movement, and in retaliation 
for the arrest of these ujon, five of the brethren — Phineas 11. 
Young, Brigham H. Young, Eichard Ballantyne, James 
Standing and James Herring — were pounced upon by a party of 
the mob while near Poiitoosuc and forcibly taken into custody. 
When asked by what authority they acted, tho mob rejilied, 
pointing their guns at their prisoners, that their weapons con- 
stituted their authority. It was sufficient offence for them to 
be "Mormons." They were taken into the town of Pontoosuc 
where they were met by titty more armed men. There they 
were informed that they were accused of no crime, but that 
they would be held as hostages for the safety of JMcAuley and 
Brattle who had been arrested by the citizens of Nauvoo for 
lynching the brethren as before described. 

Some of the men engaged iu making this last arrest were also 
engaged in the lynching afl'air, and they seemed determined not 
to let tho brethren away alive. They wore desperate men and 
would not have scrupled much to put them to death, but for the 
fear they had of being overtaken by justice. As if their guilty 
consciences were smiting thoin for their evil deeds, they were 
continually imagining that the friends of their prisoners were on 
their truck, and accordingly hurried them from one place to ano- 
ther, traveling a great deal in th« night, sometimes halting for 



a-H 



4g^gg^ 



•s^"' 



OrTJ^EITinL,E IIsrSTI^UOTOI?.. 



171 



a short time, ■when fear would come upon them and they would 
again take up their hurried flight, through woods, thickets and 
marshes, urging their prisoners on at times by goading them 
with the points of their bayonets, and this too when they were 
almost fainting from sickness and fatigue. Once the mob were 
on the point of shooting their prisoners, and had even cocked 
and pointed their guns at them, when the alarm was sounded 
by one of their party that the "Mormons" were on their trail 
and it would uot do to make a noise, when they again took up 
their flight. 

At another time when the ijrisoncrs asked for water to quench 
their thirst, the mob tried to poison them by giving them liquor 
containing poison, of which however only one of their number, 
Brigham H. Young, drank. From the efl'ect it immediately 
had upon him, the brethren were convinced that he was jjoison- 
ed, and they laid their hands upon his head and invoked the 
blessing of God upon him, and he was soon sufficiently recovered 
to resume his march with a little assistance from the others. 
The mob evidently believed that all of their prisoners had par- 
taken of their drugged liquor, as they afterwards expressed their 
impatience at their tenacity of life so loudly that the brethren 
overheard them. After openly constilting upon and attempting 
one or two other plans of disposing of their prisoners without 
boldly facing and shooting them, it was finally decided to adopt 
the latter plan, and the brethren were ordered to form in line 
to be shot. At this juncture Phineas H. Young plead with the 
mob to spare the lives of his brethren, and oiFered his own life 
if they would only do so. The delay occasioned by this appeal 
saved their lives, as just then one of the mob party came riding 
up and reported the "Mormons" three hundred and fifty strong 
coming upon them; and again the prisoners were hurried oS. 
After being held captive for twelve days, with very little food, 
and suffering from exposure and sickness, the brethren grew 
desperate and determined on attempting an escape, however 
great the hazard, if their guard could not be prevailed upon to 
let them go. They made a final appeal, and the guard were 
sulEciently moved by it to allow them to go and even aid them 
in getting back to their homes. 

ilo be Continued.) 



J^ lE^TJSST^lsr STOI5.Y. 



ONE of the most bloody reigns in the history of Russia was 
that of the mild and good natured, yet weak and wicked, 
Empress Anna, daughter of John or Jerome, hall-brother of 
Peter I, who divided a part of his reign with them. It was 
her weakness of character that induced her to give her govern- 
ment over into the hands of her favorite, the former stable-boy 
Buhren, who afterwards took the name of Biron, in order to 
give himself the air of descending from the old French aris- 
tocracy. The Empress subsequently made him ftuke of Kur- 
land. This fellow, feeling that the Russian people hated him, 
determined to make them feac him at the same time, and so, in 
spite of Anna's originally mild nature, instituted a copy ol the 
reigns of Tiberius, Nero, and other tyrants. When the com- 
plaints of oppression reached Anna's ears she would endeavor 
to repair the injuries, but yet did not dare to punish her 
paramour. In her later years she was fearfully troubled by the 
spectres that haunted her and the evils she had tolerated in her 
time. In order to furnish her with distraction from these har- 
assing thoughts, all sorts of amusements were invented for her 
benefit. Favorite among these were the court jesters. Peter I 
had kept twelve of them, and every nobleman and citizen of 
wealth had one or more about bin). They were the fashion of 
the day. The court jesters of Anna's reign numbered six, 
three of whom were of distinguished family, degraded to the 
station of court jesters as a punishment. It is not diflScult to 
imagine how bitter this punishment was. Among these court 



jesters was one of princely family, to whom the care of the 
royal hounds was committed. These poor "fools," the prince 
included, had a wretched existence, for they were always hard 
worked and sometimes very severely whipped, especially when 
the Empress was in a bad humor, or when her jesters failed to 
amuse her. 

It was a custom thus to degrade men of rank when they were 
guilty of conduct adjudged to be worthy of punishment; and 
their lot was the harder in that the very people who could bow 
to them low enough before were the ones to heap disgrace and 
ridicule upon the unfortunates in their new condition. Such 
was the condition of a prince of the house of Galitzen, whose 
numerous faiiiily under Anna's reign had to endure untold per- 
secutions because Buhren hated them for being of good Russian 
blood and having a Russian name of distinction. Prom this it 
can be judged what sad and sorry fellows these jesters were. 

This Prince Galitzen had, during his travels, gone over to the 
Catholic religion, which was strictly forbidden by the Russian 
laws. After his return home he was shorn of his wealth, rank 
and honor, and degraded to the position of page and court 
jester. About this time, too, his wife died — it is said from 
shame and grief — and Buhren took advantage of this to gratify 
his hate and desire for revenge by forcing Galitzen, who was 
then already forty years of age, to marry a common peasant 
girl, the expenses of the wedding to be defrayed by the Em- 
press. 

It was during the winter of 17-10, the severest that Russia 
had had in a century, and it was ordered that a palace of ice 
should be erected on the Neva, directly opposite to where the 
present royal palace stands. The palace of ice was built; in one 
of its rooms a bridal bed, ^\so of ice, was furnished; all of the 
furniture was of the same material, including some cannon which 
were placed before the ice-palace, and out of which they were 
able to shoot by means of lining them with iron. It is related, 
but this is happdy not confirmed, that Buhren selected a number 
of men who had equally merited his wrath by belonging to good 
Russian blood, at the head of whom stood Molynski, the 
Finance Minister, and placed them outside the palace as 
sentinels; that he then caused water to be thrown upon them 
with a hose until they became statues of ice, and thus kept 
them in their places. This, however, is almost too horrible to 
credit. 

The governors of all the provinces of the land, even the 
remotest, received instructions to send a number of persons of 
both sexes to this wedding festival. They were all clothed in 
new peasant dresses at the expense of the Empress. The wed- 
ding procession, numbering about three hundred persons, 
paraded through the streets of the capital and halted before the 
imperial palace. Here the bridal pair were taken up, placed in 
a kind of barouche, and this was mounted on the back of an 
elephant. Some of the guests were mounted on camels, the 
others riding deer, goats, oxen, bloodhounds and even hogs. 

The wedding feast was spread in Buhren's barn, and each 
nation was served with the particular dishes of his nationality. 
After the supper followed a ball, in which each couple appeared 
in the dance peculiar to its province. Finally, the bridal couple 
were led into their palace of ice, a salute of cannon honoring 
their arrival, and then laid upon their bridal bed of ice, which 
was furnished, however, with a quantity of pillows and cover- 
ing. Watchmen were placed at the doors to prevent the newly 
married couple from abandoning their cold quarters before the 
break of the nest day. 

And all this was provided for the distraction of one whoso 
weak crimes and cruelties had brought her remorse. It is said 
that she enjoyed it immensely. Selected. 



Life should have its quiet pauses, in which to gather rest for 
work, but no idle hours. 






D 



^SF 



^^M 



'^ 



17S 



CTTJ^EITIIjE IIsrSTI?.TJOTOIS/ 



^^^^\ 



^ 






® 



CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1872. 




OST of our readers have, at some time or 
other, lieard from the Elders, while preach- 
ing, that ''Mormonism" is destined to rev- 
olutionize the -world. But how many are 
there who realize the truth of this saying ? 
Some uo doubt, hut not nearly all who 
have heard it, and yet that very revolution 
is going on and they are helping to promote 
it; and it commenced more than forty years 
ago — the very moment the first revelation 
was given to the Prophet Joseph Smith. But 
to revolutionize a world, with religious, political 
and social systems, the outgrowth of nearly six 
thousand years' experience is a slow process, and 
though "Mormonism" possesses a power be- 
ting to nothing else on earth, and that nothing of 
merely human origin ever can possess; still its 
Almighty Author acts on natural and rational princi- 
ples and does not seek by means alone of thunder, 
lightning, famine, earthquake, or other dread mani- 
festations of superhuman power, to force or arouse His crea- 
tures to accept His institutions or to obey His laws. For this 
reason the Kingdom of God upon the earth will not be charac- 
terized by a wonderfully rapid growth, like a mushroom; but, 
grappling ever with, and never ceasing the strife until it is 
victor over, error and evil of every kind, its foundations will be 
securely laid in the hearts and affections of those who love and 
live by truth and righteousness only. Hence when you who 
have age and experience sufficient to do so, picture to your- 
selves the degraded and fallen condition of mankind generally, 
you will understand why, from the absolute necessity of the 
case the progress of the Kingdom of God to victory will be 
slow. But if in your reflections you draw a contrast between 
the condition of the Latter-day Saints in this Territory, and 
that of the people everywhere else, you can not help being 
struck with the wide difference between them, and this furnishes 
the most positive evidence that the revolution referred to above 
is progressing. 

To make this matter plainer to the minds of our juvenile 
readers we need only refer them to the contention and the lack 
of unity which exist everywhere among mankind, whether in 
Christian or Pagan lands, but especially in the former; and, as 
we know most about them, any remarks on the present occasion 
will refer to them exclusively. 

This division is not confined to any particular department of 
human life, but extends to and ramifies all, social, political and 
roliaious, and is the jirincipal cause of the crime, suflering and 
distress so prevalent in every country in the world. So far as 
ciintcntion and division in i)olitics and religion are concerned 
they are entirely unknown among the Latter-day Saints, fur in 
both they arc a unit. This is not because the members of this 
Church arc different in disposition to the rest of mankind, for 
human nature is the same in every ago and clime; but it is ow- 
ing solely to the revolutionizing power of what the world calls 
" Mormon Lsm." If that system is able to work such a revolu- 
tion among a hundred thousand people — and it has already done 
it — it c-an certainly do the same, time and opportunity given. 



with any number, however great, and this is the work it has to 
accomplish, and it will succeed. 

We have referred in the preceding to the revolution wrought 
among the Latter-day Saints, and to the striking contrast 
between them and the rest of mankind in religion and politics; 
but the contrast in what may be properly called social matters, 
that is, in education, food, clothing, and everything pertaining 
to life at home, the contrast between the Saints and the world 
is not near so striking; for here, as in every other community, 
there are some poor, others rich, some ignorant and poorly clad, 
others well educated and well clad, and so on. It is undoubt- 
edly true that, taking the Saints in Utah as a whole, there are 
more of them comfortable and moderately well to do, and 
fewer lacking any of the necessaries of life, than can be found 
among the same number of people in any other country in the 
world. But this is to be ascribed, in a great degree, we think, 
to the fact of their having settled in and developed a new 
country, where population is scarce, labor plentiful, and wages 
good — conditions existing in all new countries — more than to 
any revolution wrought by the gospel in their social system. A 
great revolution in social matters, has, however, already been 
accomplished; and so far r-s it has gone the contrast between 
the Saints and the world is as striking as it is in politics and 
religion. But this revolution has to extend to every phase of 
social life, for the Lord has said that His Saints have to be one 
in the blessings of earth, as well as in the blessings of heaven, 
or in temporal as well as in spiritual tilings, and they never can 
be until tlus revolution is effected. 

At the late General Conference, President Young dropped 
hints which seemed to indicate that a movement may soon be 
inaugurated among tho Saints in Zion, which if successful, and 
at some time in their history it must be, for it is a part of the 
gospel, will work such a revolution socially as the world has 
not seen for thousands of years. 

But the subject is too great to attempt any explanation, so 
that you can comprehend it, in one article; and being well 
worthy your united attention and support, we will defer further 
remarks until our next number. 



SCIENTIPIC men say that the air is the material vehicle of 
sound and that there is no sound without air. Here is a 
simple experiment by the aid of which the fact may be proved : 
— Hang a smaU bell by a silken thread in a glass globe, from 
which the air has been exhausted by means of an air-pump. 
Ring the bell by shaking the thread. Nothing is heard. The 
tongue strikes the metal, but the bell is in a vacuum. But if the 
stop-cork be opened and the air allowed to enter, the charm is 
broken, and the bell no longer dumb. This experiment may be 
made with an alarum introduced into the receiver of an air-pump. 
At first it is heard distinctly; but as the air becomes rarefied the 
sound grows fainter, and at last dies away. You may even 
fire a small pistol under the receiver. You see the flash, but 
hear no report. These experiments only succeed when the 
jjistol or alarum, jilaced upon a wadded cushion, deadens the 
sound. If not, the vibration is transmitted to the stand of the 
air-pumj), and from that to the surrounding air, which carries 
it to the car. For this reason it is diflicult to completely 
insulate the sound which is produced in the interior of the 
receiver. 

On high mountains, where the air has not much density, all 
noises lose their force and seem more distant than they really 
arc. At the summit of Mount Blanc — fifteen thousand feet 
aljove the sea level — it was found that a pistol report sounded 
no louder than a cracker in the plains. In some experiments 
tried at Quito between two stations, the one at an altitude of 
ten thousand and the other thirteen thousand feet, the report 
of a nine-pounder cannon, fired at twelve miles distance, did 
not equal that of an cight-pounder heard in the plains of Paris 



>^~ 



5^-^fH'™ 



O-TJ'VElNriLEi IISrSTIS/TJOTOI^. 



173 



at a distance of twenty miles. Aoroaauta have often said how 
feeble their voices become in the high regions of the air. 

Cold is favorable to the propagation of sound. This is a fact 
acknowledged by many. In the Polar regions Captain Parry 
often heard a conversation carried on hi an ordinary voice at a 
mile distance. One of his comrades at Port Bowen was able to 
converse with some of the crew 6,700 feet off, the thermometer 
standing at the time 28 degrees below zero. The human voice 
is sometimes heard at a great distance. Nicholson relates how, 
standing one night on Westminster bridge, he heard the voices 
of workmen at Battersea, more than three miles off. The 
voices of the sentinels at Portsmouth may be heard at night in 
the Isle of Wight, five miles distant. When the wind is favor- 
able, we are told that at the house of Bishop Smoot in the 
Sugar House Ward, the striking of the clock at the C ity Hall can 
be distinctly heard by the family. This is about four miles distant. 

Alexander the Great had a horn constructed by which he 
could call his soldiers from a distance of ten or twelve miles. 
Speaking trumpets are seldom made more than six feet in 
length and eleven inches in diameter. One was made in Eng- 
land of twenty feet or more, and it carried words two miles. 

Sound travels in air on an average of 1,116 feet per second. 
Experiments have been made in water, and it is found that 
sound travels in it at the rate of 4, 708 feet per second — mone 
than four times faster than in the air. 



»S'^S>9C 



THIS IPin^E -riE^EE. 



MOST of you are so familiar with pine trees, "red" and 
''white," they being numerous in our mountains and can- 
yons, that it will perhaps be difEcult to say anything about 



W& 







- R^SwrjOfl^c 






them to interest you. You who have seen the pine tree grow- 
ing know, without any reference to the engraving, that it is tall 
and graceful. It is not near so durable as the tough and hardy 
oak; neither is it so much used for fancy cabinet work as the 
beautiful rosewood, mahogany, and maple, or the elegant and 
sweet scented sandal wood; but for real usefulness all these 
must yield to the pine, and the pine is, perhaps, a source of 
greater wealth to man than any other tree grown. It not only 
furnishes excellent timber, but from it are obtained immense 



quantities of pitch, tar, resin and turpentine, all valuable articles 
of commerce. It is a bountiful provision in nature, in view of 
the almost universal usefulness of the pine and its products, 
that it grows and thrives in nearly all parts of the world. In 
Europe, it is found in England, Scandinavia, France, Italy 
Eussia, Sardinia, Spain, the Levant, Crimea and Switzarland. 
In Asia it is abundant in Siberia and Tartary; grows in Nepaul 
Bootan, and in the forests of the Himmalehs in the East Indies. 
On the American continent, in the forests of Guatemala in the 
South, Canada in the North, and on the mountains of Mexico- 
but in greater abundance then anywhere else in the world in the 
forests of the United States; the pine log and lumber business 
being followed by the majority of the people in some sections 
and yielding many millions annually. 

A lull list of the names given to the many varieties of this 
tree would be quite lengthy, and would not be likely to interest 
you. SuiEce it to say that there are at least thirty varieties all 
having the same general characteristics — all bearing cones and 
yielding resinous gums. They vary very materially in hight 
and girth. Some of the scrub pines grown in the United 
States are not more than ten feet high, with leaves and cones of 
a corresponding size; while the tallest, seen occasionally west of 
the Kocky Mountains, reach a hight of 200 feet, and twenty 
yards round at the base of the trunk. 

The nuts of many of these species are nutritions and agreea- 
ble to the taste, and the sap or gum of at least one species is 
so sweet, that it is called the sugar pine. 

If you now think over the properties of the pine, remember- 
ing that it yields large quantities of resin, turpentine, pitch and 
tar; that it will grow and flourish in almost any country; that 
its lumber is perhaps better than any other for general building 
purposes, we think you will readily believe, that though it may 
not be so hardy and enduring as the oak, so beautiful as rose- 
wood, mahogany, cedar, maple, or sandal wood, it still possesses 
far more real value to man than any of them, and perhaps all of 
them combined. 



011X71:2.0 HIES ^ISriD "V^OK.- 
SHZII^ IlsT O.A.31ji:FOI?.3sri^. 

{Concluded.') 



WE had visited the Chinese and Jewish places of worship 
and we now wished to visit some of the so-called Christian 
churches. iMr L., who had been very kind to us in showing us 
around, proposed to take us in the morning to the Episcopal 
church, known by the name of Trinity, where we could hear 
Dr. Lyman preach. This gentleman is a noted preacher and 
b-iars a high reputation among the Episcopalians. 

You may not understand why the church should be called 
Trinity church. It is a practice among sectarians to call their 
churches by names. For instance, in a city like San Francisco 
there may be several Episcopalian, Catholic, Presbyterian, 
Methodist and other churches. To distinguish these churches 
one from another they call them by the name of some one of 
the apostles, or by some other name which they think sacred. 
The Catholics attach the name of Saint to thousands of men 
and women who have been prominent in their church. Their 
famous church at Rome is called St. Peter's; then they have 
numbers called by other names. In Paris one of their oldest 
churches is called the cathedral of JVutre JJame^ which means 
the cathedral of Our Lady, referring to Mary, the mother of 
Jesus. AVherever there are many Irish Catholics, they gen- 
erally have a church called after St. Patrick, who is their 
patron Saint. A favorite name with the Episcopalians for a 
church is Trinity; but then they call them also after all the 
Saints in their calendar. Tlieir church in this (Salt Lake) city 



w^^' 



174 



a"TJ^EIsriIL.E IIN'STI^'CrOTOie/. 



=^^? 



"C* 



is called St. Mark's. A name frequently given by Presbyterians 
to their churches is Calvary — after the mount on which the 
Savior was crucified. 

Our entrance into the church attracted considerable attention, 
as those present knew we were strangers, and some of ihem 
knew us. We were led to a seat near the front, and our com- 
panion gave each of us a prayer book. lu a few mhiutes two 
ministers, wearing white gowns, took their places in front of 
the congregation. The place where they stood was enclosed by 
a railing, was a few inches higher than the level of the floor and 
contained de.<ks and several chairs and a stand with a book 
upon it, and the cross was prominently displayed. One of the 
ministers sat down while the other proceeded to read the pray- 
ers, the reading bein.j; preceded by the singing of the choir. 
The singing was very fine; but the reading by the minister was 
rather poor. His intonation was not pleasing. He read 
extracts from the scriptures, prayers, creeds and confessions of 
sin, all from the prayer book, copies of which the congregation 
had in their hands. Sometimes the congregation would rise to 
their feet, at other times they would kneel; they would repeat 
after the minister what he said, and again they would respond 
in different words. Then, mingled with the service, was the 
singing and chanting of the choir, accompanied by the organ. 

This, you may imagine, was strange to us, and we felt some- 
what awkward; but the vain repetitions which were indulged 
in forced us to think of the words of Jesus when He warned 
His disciples against such things. 

We learned that the minister who did the principal part of 
the reading was a stranger there. The regular minister read 
some little, and when he did so, it was in a clear, powerful 
voice that was in pleasing contrast with the other minister's. 
After the reading of the prayers. Dr. Lyman, the minister of 
the church, then delivered a sermon. To do this he ascended 
a little jiulpit that stood outside of the railing and towards one 
side of the church. His sermon was against false prophets and 
false teachers, and the danger there was in common people 
attempting to decide what was correct doctrine. This, he said, 
should be left to learned men in the church. His discourse was 
intended to show that the Episcopal church was the apostolic 
church, and the only true church, and that to dissent fi'om it or 
to question its authority was very wrong. Eut we, Latter-day 
Saints, who listened to him, could not help thinking what 
strange doctrine this was for an Episcopalian to preach, when 
if it had not been for Henry VIII of England dissenting from 
tlie clmrch of Kome, there would have been no Episcopal 
church ! There were some good ideas in the sermon, and it was 
well delivered. 

After the close of the services we were invited into a room, 
where we were introduced to Dr. Lyman and several members of 
the congregation, who expressed great pleasure at meeting us. 
Dr. Lyman is a remote relative of Brother George A. Smith's, 
and one of the other gentlemen had been his schoolmate, and 
this made the meeting one of greater freedom. 

The afternoon was spent by us at our friend, Mr. L's house. 
When evening came he led us to a Congregationalist church, 
tlie minister of which was Dr. Stone, one of the famous preach- 
ers of that sect. The deacon, to whom we were introduced at 
the door, was very desirous to lead us forward to a seat near the 
stand; but we preferred one in the gallery, at the other end of 
the building, opposite the stand, where fve could have a good 
view of the building and the entire congregation. This was 
the most gorgeously finished building for worship we had seen 
in the United States. It was grand. Still its elegance did not 
impress us favorably. It was too theatrical. It seemed to be 
fittcd-up expressly to delight the senses. The music, also, and 
singing confirmed tliis impression. This, however, was not 
peculiar to this church. In all the churches we hail visited, 
the outer senses seemed to be appealed to far more strongly 
than the heart. Everything appeared to be arranged in the 



highest and most popular style. Vanity and pride could not 
fail to be gratified by such pomp. 

The service at Dr. Stone's cWoh was more simple and like 
our own than any we had seen. There was singing, prayer, 
reading of the Scriptures and the sermon. His discourse was a 
good one. He spoke plainly of the evils of the age, and the 
conduct and momls of the people of San Francisco. Life in the 
domestic circle was not what it should be; there was a lack of 
vu'tue there, and looseness was too common. We should 
not, from his sermon, gather a high idea of the condition of 
morals in society in that city. 

After the dismissal we were introduced to Dr. Stone and had 
a few minutes' very pleasant chat with him. 

This completed our visits for that Sunday; but the next Sun- 
day found three of us — Brothers George A. Smith, WOford 
Woodruff and the Editor, Brother Musser having returned 
home — at Sacramento. We thought we would go to a Catholic 
place of worship. At ten o'clock in the morning we repaired to 
a Catholic church not far from the hotel at whidi we stopped. 
At the door there was a stone basin in which water stood. As 
the people entered, each dipped his or her fingers in this water 
and made the sign of the cross with it on their foreheads. The 
Catholics call this holy water. A scat was furnished us near 
the front railing. The minister in a white robe, accompanied 
by three boys also in wliite, emerged from a side door, and 
bowing down in front of a cross, which stood upon the altar 
inside of the railing, prayed. As they did so they touched 
their foreheads and each breast quickly with their fingers. We 
remarked that each member of the congregation made the same 
signs in praying when they came into the church. The priest 
having made his bows and crossed himself, the singing com- 
menced. The congregation had prayer books in English, but 
all the prayers were repeated by the priest in Latin. He read 
them in a mumbling, indistinct manner that was not easy to 
understand. There was rising up, kneeling, singing repeating 
responses by the congregation, somewhat similar to the cere- 
monies of the Episcopal church; but more kneeling and bowing 
by the priest than we saw there. He prepared something 
which appeared to be for the sacrament and partook of it him- 
self, and drank two or three times something out of a vessel; 
but the congregation did not partake, excepting one man, who 
came forward, knelt down at the railing, opened his mouth and 
had the substance put in his mouth by the priest. 

The belief of the Catholics is that the sacrament which the 
priest prepares, becomes the actual flesh and blood of Jesus, 
and the most bitter controversies have raged between them and 
the Protestants on this point, the latter believing that the sacra- 
mental bread and wine are but the emblems of the body and 
blood of Jesus. 

A young priest, a visitor, preached the sermon in English. 
He seemed bashful and embarrassed; but he delivered a rather 
good discourse, the burden of it was that entire devotion to 
I)rayer, to living in monasteries or as hermits, to the neglect of 
other duties, was not right; but that God could be worshipped 
in amusements and recreations and in all the acts of life. To 
prove his teachings to be correct he quoted from the words of 
St. Thomas and St. Ignatius, two men whom the Catholics 
hold as saints, but the latter of whom the Protestants think the 
very reverse of that. Ignatius Loyola was the founder of the 
order of Jesuits, and had a partiality for roasting men and 
women who differed from him in faith, which the Catholics 
admired in him so much that they honored him by calling him 
a Saint. Boasting heretics might be pleasant and edifying 
jiastime for Catholics, but the Protestants, being the victims, 
disliked such fires, and they abhorred Loyola, who was active 
at kindling them. 

At every church which we visited they passed around plates 
or boxes before the meeting dismissed, in which every person 
was expected to put some money. 



J 



5K 



=^St^ 



ij^ 



a-TJ^EITILEl IlsTSTIS/TJOTOK,. 



^' 



175 



In the afternoon we went to a Methodist Sunday school. 
The singing of the scholars was the most attractive feature. 
Otherwise we thought the school was scarcely as well conducted 
as ours generally are. We were invited to go into a room with 
the Bible class. These scholars were all grown up men; but they 
were puzzled with the simplest things that a Latter-day Saint 
child could readily understand and explain. Listening to them 
made us thankful for the gospel, for the revelations of Jesus 
and the flood of light which has been thrown, through those 
means, upon the Scriptures. 

We had now visited the Chinese place of worship; (that was 
Pagan, and it could not be expected that we could learn any- 
thing from heathen; ) we had visited the Jewish synagogue, the 
Episcopalian, the Congregationalist and Catholic churches and 
the Methodist Sunday school. We had seen their worship, and 
what was it all ? The expression of Paul was forced upon our 
mind in witnessing them — "having a form of godliness, but 
denying the power thereof." There was plenty of form, there 
was any amount of ceremonies, but there was an absence of 
power. How can it be otherwise among a people who deny 
that man can have the Holy Ghost and its gifts in these days ? 

How thankful the children of these valleys should be for the 
blessings they enjoy — for the union which prevails, for the light 
of truth, for the knowledge of the Scriptures, for the holy 
priesthood to guide them and for the Holy Ghost and its gifts ! 
They should appreciate and place a high value upon these 
blessings. 



a<^^ee 



[For tlie JiivenUe Inilructor. 






TTIE BLOAA^IPilPE.-IsrO- 2. 



IP lead is pure it fuses easily before the blowpipe, coating the 
charcoal with a yellow powder - oxide of lead; if this oxide 
is exposed to the '' reducing flame," the nature of which will be 
described below, it volatilizes, giving an azure-blue tinge to the 
flame; these changes may have been noticed by the operator 
who has followed the directions given in the last number, and 
they will now he explained. 

Flame at a great heat may bo of two kinds, one imparting to, 
the other removing oxygen from the assay; the flame that at a 
high temperature causes oxygen to combine with bodies is called 
the " oxydiziug flame," that which causes the separation of oxy- 
gen from bodies is called the "reducing flame." The caw-se of 
reduction is the combustible atmosphere which surrounds the 
assay and takes oxygen from it, it is not the charcoal support, 
neither is it necessary for the assay to be in the blue part of the 
flame as some suppose, the brilliant portion is the true R. F., 
and the assay must be enveloped in it so as to prevent contact 
with the oxygen of the air. 

If a small piece of galena (lead ore), instead of lead, is placed 
on charcoal the operator will see the same kind of yellow oxide 
surrounding the assay, the yellow color of wliich will be modi- 
fied by any impurities present. The smell of sulphur, and 
sometimes of other substances may be perceived, when the 
sulphur is driven off, globules of lead will make their appear- 
ance on the surface of the assay, and, at last, a button of lead 
be obtained; to efi'ect this reduction a blowpipe with a small 
aperture is the best, as a fine jet of flame is formed. 

It will however require some jjractice to manage the assay, 
to keep up a steady blast, and produce a good flame; the hot- 
tost parts of ordinary flame arc those where the largest quantity 
of the oxygen of the air is supplied, viz., on the surface and 



near the point of the flame, where the combustion of the burn- 
ing gases is the most complete. Immediately in front of the 
blue flame is the hottest part, as, at this point, the heat is 
concentrated into a focus; by practice, the art of completely 
covering the assay with flame may be acquired. As soon as the 
young operator has once attained to this there will be no diffi- 
culty in fusing most substances that can be reduced by the 
blowpipe flame. There is a difference, however, in different 
substances, as will soon be perceived, some fuse readily, others 
a.re_ fusible with great difficulty, some are wholly infusible or 
fusible only in part; were there not these differences it would 
not be_ possible to distinguish one mineral from another by the 
blowpipe. Works on mineralogy state the peculiarities of the 
lehiwior of substances before the blowpipe, the color, degree of 
fusibiUty, and marked phenomena that result from the action 
of the flame upon bodies, and, generally, such things as will 
enable the analyst to identify them. The abbreviations used 
are B. B., signifying "before the blowpipe;" 0. F., "in the 
oxydizing flame;" R. F., "in the reducing flame." If any re- 
agent will reduce a substance it is frequently stated; some 
books give complete instructions how to handle substances 
before the blowpipe, as "Berzelius on the blowpipe," and 
works on that instrument especially intended for analysts, to 
such those who would become proficient must refer as to a 
dictionary. 

It is really interesting to know how to examine common 
things by so portable an instrument as the blowpipe, so as to 
determine their nature. By beginning with known substances 
much knowledge is acquired of the appearances present under 
the ordeal of fire. It is by knowing the colors, for instance, of 
bodies, that the pyrotechnist, or fire-work artificer, is enabled 
to delight us with such brilliant and beautiful colors. Let the 
young blowpipe analyst once see the colors produced by sodium, 
strontium, barium, calcium, cobalt, etc., he will know them; 
let him take a piece of calc spar, common limestone, coral, or 
any substance in which lime predominates, let him bring it up 
to an intense heat, B. B. (before the blowpipe) and he will 
then sec that all calcareous substances reveal their nature by 
the light they emit; and any pcadiarity ho may notice may 
enable him to recognize the presence of the same elements in 
other bodies. 

It is not proposed to give directions hero as to all the fluxes 
used in blowpipe operations, as the subject is not one of sufii- 
cient ge[]eral interest; but, as there are many readers of the 
JiA'ENiLE Instructor to whom the blowpipe is a fKUjiliar and 
useJul iust'Ument, a few re-agents may be named from time to 
time to determine the chemistry of common things. 

Beth. 



s^bba.th: 



r f-' . 'h J'j.vputl Instruct' 

SOHLOOIjS. 



BY S. I'lTCnFORTH. 



OUB Sabbath schools I consider to be among the noblest 
institutions of Zion. There our children can assemble and 
be taught the principles of life and salvation, forming habits 
and associations which will never be forgotten. 

There should be no lack of teachers, for the work is great and 
the labor honorable. Those who devote their time and talents 
to teaching the children the principles of the gospel, are per- 
forming a great and acceptable work, for while winning the 
affections of our youth, they induce them to have faith in God 
and His servants, and instill into their minds a love of righteous- 
ness and a desire to shun iniquity. Yet notwithstanding there 
is joy in this great and acceptable work of love, there are many 
Superintendents of Sunday schools who find it a difficult matter 
to obtain a constant supply of able and willing teachers and 



=^^^i 






J" TJ ^ B 2iT I L E IlsTSTI^/TJOTOie/ 



they are often obliged to call on the young and inexperienced 
brethren and sisters — pupils in their schools, to perform the 
duty. 

Again, most Sajjerintendents would be much pleased to see 
their schools visited oftener by their Presidents and Bishops; 
they ■would also like the parents of the children to come and 
witness their labors, for this would enable them to understand 
the necessity of assisting to obtain a sujijily of rewards — indis- 
pensable to inspire the children with ardor to attend the school, 
and be diligent in their studies. 

In order that our Sabbath schools may accomiilish all that 
is desired, I believe that a more complete organization of them 
throughout the Territory is needed. There should be established 
a complele system of statistical reports. All Teachers should 
report to the Secretary of their respective schools the names of 
their scholars, also the average attendance of the same, with 
such other information as will show the working order of their 
classes. There should also be regular quarterly reports from 
the Superintendent and Secretary of each school, to the County 
Superintendent, showing the number of male and female 
Teachers, number of male and female scholars, number of 
Bible, Testament, Book of Mormon, Juvenile Instructor, or 
other classes. The report should also give the average attend- 
ance of Teachers and scholars. A report should also be given 
by the Treasurer, showing the amount of funds received and 
disbursed, and for what purposes, during the quarter. 

There should also be quarterly reports from the County 
Superintendents to the Territorial Superintendent, giving an 
abstract of the reports received, and a brief statement of the 
jilan of teaching established in the county. 

Again, I have thought that if the Superintendents and 
Teachers of a county, or a city could assemble and discuss the 
best manner of teaching, it would do good. And if several 
schools could unite occisionally and have a reunion, a da.v of 
recreation, it would resist in good. I have attended Sunday 
school jubilees in my native town, Halifax, Yorksliire, Eng- 
land, when seventeen thousand children would be assembled 
together and join in singing songs and hymns, jirepared for the 
occasion. Last year twenty-three thousand assembled and 
formed one grand choir, being aided in their exercises by six 
hundred musical instruments. 

In a school, over which I had the honor to preside, we had 
examination day.-;, on which the pubHc were invited to attend, 
and listen to the recitations of history, etc. 

One important thing in a Sabbath school is order. I'lach 
Teacher should feel responsible for the good order of liis class, 
and have rewards allowed him to give to those who arc the 
most orderly during school hours; and above all, instmct the 
children to be attentive during jirayers. I would give the best 
prizes to that class who were the most attentive and obedient 
in school. 

From observation, I have found that all our Elders arc not 
qualified to teach children, some talk away from them, and can 
not conic down to the capacity of a child; others can draw the 
attention of the children by weaving in their remarks items of 
history, etc.; but whatever else Teachers may do, tlicy should 
teach by example as well as by precept, and show by tlicir gen- 
eral conduct that they love righteousness. Children are close 
observers, and any course other than this will fail to secure 
tlic influence which it is desirable Teachers should have over 
their pupils. 

In conclusion, allow me to suggest that it would be well to 
instruct the County Superintendents in their duties, and have 
them visit often the schools in their charge, teaching and encour- 
aging the Superintendent and Teachers. I have a deep iuter- 
rst in the jfrospcrity of our Sabbath schools, and love to teach 
our children to .serve God and keep His commandments, and 
sock for the choice blesaiogs of the New and Everlasting 
Covenant. 



S$I$i!!^& ^a^lu^» 



THE nSTJ^^TJO-HOTY ICITTBITS. 



i^'^^' 



UiUy and Dolly -n-ci-c two little kittens — 
Oue liTuy, and one dappled -with white; 

A frolicsome pair as ever j'oii'd lind, 
lu miscliiet from moruiny- till iiigbt. 

" I smell new milk," said Dilly one daj'; 
" We'll go and get some, Uolly, 
The cook has gone out and the coast is clear, 
Make haste. Oh, won't it be jolly !" 

They crept with a soft and steady tread — 

So young, yet old m deceit; 
And, climliinj; up on the pantry shelf. 

Went in for a lacteal treat. 

But Dolly, whose conscience was not scared. 
Said : " Dilly, oh, won't it lie wrong; 

Won't it l>c stealing-, oh Dilly, dear. 
To take what doosn' t belong ?" 

But Dilly was eagerly lapping the milk. 

Nor stopped for a pur of dissent; 
A moment poor Dolly stood, half in doubt. 

Then over the milk pan bent. 

The taste of the rich, warm milk was enough, 

Her scruples, alas, nil lied; 
Like Dilly, she ate with a will and a zest, 

Till she heard old Dinah's tread. 

"Oh mercy," they cried. Both ran and hid, 

But Dinah their wee fonus spied, 
" Vou naughtj' kittens to steal the milk," 

And she beat them till they cried. 

(luite humbled, they crept to tlicir box in the shade 

There to repent at leisure; 
Their poor little backs all bruised and sore. 

The price of their stolen pleasure. 






J^ 1ST JD 
\JS. 



Clicer up, sad hearts, 'tis not all dark 

That broods upon our momiii!::; 
Above us sings the heavenly lark, 

And sweetest light is dawning. 
l''or all our grief, there's sweet relief, 

Tlui' all the world may doubt us; 
I 'li, never fear, the daj' is near. 

There's love and light about us! 

There's love for thee, sad wailing heart; 

There's light for thee, dark sorrow; 
And love and light shall joy impart. 

And clu'i'r the coining morrow; 
Then look above, and sec th(! love 

That shinrs as day without iis; 
Tcfl, look and see, that wide and free, 

There's love and hght aliout nsl 



vJXJA;^EnsriiLiE izststi^tjctor. 

Ih imb'ished in .Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
BVKRY OTHER 8ATIIBDAY, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum |2 50. 

*»- (irnin brouRht to llilii City for the .JIIVKNILK Instiiootok will be 
iccdrcdatthc office of our paper— Dkskukt Mbws Builuisos. 



^t^,^ 



