w 



^Qlmss U t\t l^orii! 



"ik 




■■ 'iimsSff- l:'.£rf5<"'VXii'*iS%-J#' 



VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBEK 12, 1872. 



NO. 21. 



THE OI3:UK.OI3: OIF THIE HZOLIT SEI=TJLCT3:K.S. 



J%.l 




"C 



HB 



< !9iJl.. ' J!} :' .l ' -. 



!_injl(l.!!jw-iilB™« 



VT? 



ti 



16S 



GTTJ'VEIN'IIjE insTSTI^.TJOTOi?/. 




TO Jews aod Christians alike, the city of Jerusalem has an 
interest and a significance possessed by no other in the 
\gL ■world, there being scarcely a stone in its walls or a foot of the 
soil which they surround that is not hallowed and consecrated 
in the hearts and memories of both. The descendants of 
Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, after their eighteen hundred years' 
dispersion, still turn with Ibnd heart-yearnings to the capital of 
the ancient kiijgdum of Judah, hopir)g and believing that the 
day will arrive when their Zion will be restored, when they 
will leturo thither from all the nations to which they have 
been driven, when their temple will be rebuilt, and, in the 
land given to their fathers by the promise and covenant of the 
Eternal, their long-looked for Messiah will reign over them with 
a giory and splendor far surpassing those of David and his 
great and wise son Solomon. 

To the Christian mind Jerusalem is even more sacred than it 
is to that of the Jew, for that city was the principal theatre of 
the labors, teachings and suflFerings of Jesus, the Redeemer, the 
Prince of Peace, the greatest and best citizen that ever graced 
the earth, who was rejected and cruelly put to death by those 
whom he came to save. There he proclaimed the gospel of life 
and salvation, performed some of his njightiest works, and 
finally, by his sacrifice, consummated the plan for the redemp- 
tion of the human race. Who can wonder then, that, to Jew 
and Christian, Jerusalem possesses an interest surpassing that 
felt in and for any other portion of the earth? 

Once the city of Jerusalem was noted for its splendor and 
magnificence; it was mighty and populous. Surrounded by 
three walls for its defence, except in a very few places where 
nature had rendered it all but impregnable, it was enabled for 
months to hold at bay and defy the Eoman legions under Titus. 
But the word of Him who spake as man never spake, had pre- 
dicted its speedy downfall, and famine finally accomplished 
what the desperate valor of its inhabitants might otherwise 
have prevented, and Titus and his hordes became the con- 
querors of the Jews, and the destroyers of that which was the 
pride of their nation, causing the sun of its glory to set in the 
blood of hundreds of thousanas of those who had participated in 
and sanctioned the death of the Redeemer. From that day to the 
present it has been trodden under foot jf the Gentiles, and to day 
is such an insignificant place, that were it not for its wonderful 
history it would scarcely ever be ujentioned or thought about. 

\Yithin the walls of the present city of Jerusalem there are 
two very remarkable buildings, one called the Church of the 
Holy Sepulchre, the other the Mosque of Omar. Of the latter 
we have nothing to say i" this article; but the very mention of 
the name will be likely to set some ol'you to thinking who have 
any acquaintance with history. Vou have already read some 
reajous why Jerusalem is a sacred spot to Jews and Christians; 
but you know that "mo.'^que" is the word used by the f illowers 
of Mahomet for their places of worship, and the question may 
arise in some of your minds, How comes it that in Jerusalem, 
the fountain head, as it were, of JuJaism and Christianity, 
there is a Mahometan place of worship, seeing that neither 
Christians nor Jews believe in Mahomet as a prophet, and that 
between Christians and Mahometans, strong antagonism and 
antipathy have existed since the days of the crusades; originat- 
ing in the possession by the latter of the Holy Sepulchre. But 
more of thij at some future time; we must devote the 
remainder of our space in this number to the Church of the 
Holy Sepulchre. 

Oil our first page you have an engraving of a portion of the 
front of this ancient structure. It was founded by Constantine, 
Emperor of Rome, who, in the 4th century, obeyed Christian- 
ity and declared the Chribtian to be the official church of the 
empire. It is stated by historians, and generally believed, that 
it Was founded on the tomb or sepulchre in which the body of 
the Redeemer was laid when taken (rom the cross, and hence 
■^ its name--The Church of the Holy Sepulchre. 



The above statement, however, like many others in ancient 
history, has been doubted, and has caused considerable dis- 
cussion; but true or not, it does not change the fact that a 
remarkable building known by this name has existed for many 
centuries in Jerusalem, and is still visited yearly by large num- 
bers of pilgrims of various Christian sects, the principal being 
Catholics, members of the Greek church and others who, like 
them, venerate the relics or mementoes of departed Saints, and 
who are given more or less to the worship of images. 

Nearly every spot and object within the Church of the Holy 
Sepulchre is, in the minds of the pilgrims at least, connected 
with the life, death and sufferings of Christ, and the doings of 
those who were associated with Him; and this is the reason 
why ic is so venerated and has so many yearly visitors. 

The church stands near the western gate of the city, and 
\yithin its walls are many chapels belonging to these difi'erent 
sects, most or all of them being erected upon, and containing an 
altar over, some spot made sacred in their minds by the real or 
supposed contact of the Savior when in the flesh. 

Among the famous objects beneath the roof of this old 
church, which the monks pretend to point out to travelers, may 
be mentioned the Stone of Unction; the graves of Jesus, Mel- 
chisedec, Joseph of Arimathea, and of Nicodemus; the spot 
on which the Savior appeared to Mary Magdalene after His 
resurrection; that on which she stood at the time; also, where 
Jesus appeared to His mother; the ''Pillar of flagellation" — the 
one on which He was bound while scourged and crowned with 
thorns; the "Prison of our Lord" — the one in which He was 
confined before His crucifixion. The monks also designate the 
stone on which stood the Romish soldier when, seeing the 
earthquake, darkness and other signs which followed the death 
of Jesus, he said " Surely this was the Son of God." 

In the centre of the church, rising out of the floor, is a mar- 
ble pillar, which the monks say covers the grave of Adam, and 
from whence the dust was taken of which ho was made; this 
precise locality is also declared by them to be the exact centre 
of the earth. 

The most noted locality of all probably within the church, is 
that of the crucifixion, and the exact position on which the cross 
of Christ stood, also thofe of the two thieves, is pointed out. 
It is covered with a marble slab, through which holes are 
bored, which are said to cover the identical ones in which the 
three crosses were planted. 

The Stone of Unction, already mentioned, is that on which 
the body of Jesus was laid while being prepared for burial. 
Near by, surrounded by a circular fence, is pointed out the 
place on which the sorrowing Mary stood, while the body of 
her son was undergoing this operation. 

The tomb, or holy sepulchre itself is six feet by seven feet. 
Within it is shown a stone on which the monks say the body of 
the Savior lay. Phis is covered with a marble slab, now very 
much worn by the kisses of the pilgrims. The sepulohre is 
ornamented with forty or fifty gold and silver lamps, kept 
continually burning. Several others of these sacred receptacles 
are similarly decorated, that of the crucifixion being beautifully 
adorned with many diamonds and other precious stones, worth, 
it is said, a large fortune. 

In reading this brief account of the Church of the Holy 
Sepulchre, we shall not insult the intelligeuce of our young 
readers, by asking them to believe that the various places already 
mentioned, are those on which the events now associated with 
them actually occurred. Some of them may be, but it is hardly 
likely that so many could have tianspired within the narrow 
limits covered by the roof of any si:igle building; and none, 
save perhaps the most bigoted and ignorant of the pilgrim 
visitors, believe such to be the case. The monks in past ages 
have no doubt fouud it profitable to designate these particular 
localities, and now what is merely tradition in reference to these 
events has become as sacred to the minds of some as any that 



'^ 



^^iPi;; 



oTU^En^ILE I3^STK.TJCTOI?.. 



163 



hold in chains and prevent the expansion and freedom of the 
human mind, in relation to any other subject. 

We shall conclude this article with a short account of the 
Festival of the Holy Fire, which takes place annually on 
Easter eve in this church, and perhaps no better illustration 
could be given of the uiumujery practised within its walls, under 
the guise and cloak of religion. 

You all know, if you have carefully read the Juvenile 
Instructor, that Easter Sunday is the name given by the 
Komish church to the anniversary of the day on which Christ 
rose from the dead. Well, on this particular day, early in the 
morning, pilgrims in large numbers gather at the Church of the 
Holy Sepulchre, and as the time of the ceremony draws nigh, 
they hecome excited, and, it is said, dance and howl more like 
maniacs than sensible. Christian men. Sometime after noon, 
the "Bishop of the Holy Fire," with his attendants, enters the 
edifice, and proceeds to the chapel of the Holy Sepulchre. He 
enters there, and closes the door. There is a small hole in the 
wall of this chapel, and shortly after the entrance of the bishop 
fire is seen at this hole, and the pilgrims, being provided with 
candles, are all anxious to light them at this fire, he who is 
able to pay the highest price, having the privilege ot doing so 
first. 

There is nothing particular in all this, and it would be as 
unworthy of notice as many other mummeries practiced by 
some of the apostate Christian churches, were it not for the 
blashpemy of asserting that the fire, so anxiously looked for by 
the pilgrims, is lighted by the Holy Spirit, who yearly descends 
and kindles it upon the sacred tomb. 



[P'or th^ Juvenile Insfrucfor, 



TTHZB BLO^AriPlIPE.-l^O. 



THE blowpipe has been mentioned as being used in analysis, 
it will therefore be well to briefly describe it, its use in 
chemical investigations, some of the more simple re-agents 
required to experiment with, and the method of using them. 
For soldering small articles of metal together the blowpipe has 
been used for, probably, thousands of years. On some of the 
ancient Egyptian picture-writings may be seen figures of men 
using this instrument, and its use has been known, probably, 
down to the present times. By means of the blowpipe the 
■workman directs the flame of an oil lamp upon the metal to be 
soldered in such a manner that the fusible alloy used to unite 
the metal is melted. 

The common blowpipe used by workers in metal is a brass 
tube, one end of which is large enough to adujit air from the 
mouth, the other end is about the size of a fine needle. About 
two inches from the small end the tube is bent at a right angle 
to bend the flame to one side and enable the workmen to see 
the article being soldered. For joining metals the parts to be 
united are filed smooth and clean, made to St, brought closely 
together and secured by binding wire, if necessary. Borax, or a 
suitable flux is used with the solder, not that it is really neces- 
sary to fuse the solder, but it protects the parts to be joined 
from becoming oxydized. In soldering the metal is supported 
upon a piece of charcoal, as that substance is a nonconductor of 
heat. The operation of blowing is only for very short periods at 
a time, so that the moisture of the breath that accumulates in 
the tube causes little ioconvenianoe. 

In examinations to determine the nature of substances the 
simple blowpipe described is, generally speaking, sufficient; but 



in prolonged investigations, or in operations of great nicety n 
receptacle for any water collected from the breath is necessary. 
As to the ska2ie of the blowpipe that is not of as much import- 
ance as the position of the bulb, or chamber for containing 
moisture; most of the blowpipes sold have the bulb attached to 
the small end, it should be attached to the larger, as the coUuot- 
ed water can then be blown out more readily. The length of 
tube should be seven or eight inches to the bend, this, however 
depends upon the length of vision, which diff'ers in different per- 
sons. 

The kind of flame to be used with the blowpipe may be that 
of a small lamp with cotton wick and olive or sperm oil, or a 
wax, or even a tallow candle. The wick should be bent in the 
same direction as the flame is to be directed, and the flame 
should be made to traverse horizontally. 

To use the blowpipe care must be taken not to fatigue the 
organs of respiration; the principal things to be attended to, as 
explained in the best works on blowpipe practice, arc to take 
care not to blow directly from the luii(js^ to hold the blowpipe in 
the mouth without pressing too firmly with the lips, and to be 
careful not to fatigue the muscles of the cheeks by over practice. 
In using the blowpipe the cheeks must expel the air^ and, by 
practice, they may soon be taught to do so without interfering 
with respiration. The mouth must be kept filled with air 
while breathing, and pressure kept up by the muscles of the 
cljeeks alone. This requires some practice, and practice will 
make perfect; to the patient and persevering, success will bo 
proportionate to the attention given. By actual experiment, 
observation and industry alone difficulties will be overcome, the 
"try, try, try again" is necessary in blowpipe practice, the 
same as in the attainment of knowledge in any other depart- 
ment of education. 

Charcoal is the best support for the assay. At first it will be 
well to examine known substances, and to use very minute 
fragments of substances. The surface of the charcoal per- 
pendicular to the annual lings of the wood is the best to prac- 
tise on. Everything may be pressed into the service of the 
young experimenter — lead, zinc, copper and other metals; 
ores and earths of different kinds, sulphur ore, gypsum, lime- 
stone, clay, lead ore, silver ore, iron ore, sand and other sub- 
stances. 

On a perfectly clean surface of charcoal place a small piece of 
lead, bring the flame to bear upon it, sometimes the point, at 
other times the body of the flame, notice the results, the color 
of the flame, the color of the charcoal around the assay, notice 
which part of the flame causes the lead to decompose the most, 
then let the assay be acted upon merely by the heat of the 
flame, which may be done by having the assay before the point 
of the flame. Notice the results: all the combustible matter is 
oxydized — this is "the oxydizing flame." The further from 
the point of the flame, provided the heat is sufiicient (a low, red 
heat is the best), the better the operation of oxydation goes on. 
For this operation a blowpipe with a large aperture is the best; 
for "reduction," that is, for the deoxydizing flame we shall see 
that a fine jet is the best. Beth. 



CuEious Facts in Figures.— Any number of figures you 
may wish to multiply by 5 will give the same ro,-ult if divided 
by 2 — a much quicker operation; but you must remember to 
annex a cipher to the answer when there is no remainder, and 
when there is a remainder, whatever it may be, annex a 5 to the 
answer. Sluliiply 464 by 5, and the answer will be 2,330, 
divide the same by 2, and you have 232, and, as there is no 
remainder, you add a cipher. Now, tak; 359, multiply by 5, 
the answer is 1,795; on dividing this by 2 there is 179 and a 
remainder; you therefore place a o tt the end of the line, and 
the result is again l,79d. 



t 

« 



^v^ 



S^gSff* 



^wj 



1.G4: 



J" TJ "V E 2<T I 31. E! Il^r S T I^TJOT O IS.. 



^^^j |Ea&$iiiI$ 



w 

'£ 



asluaclou. 



OEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1872. 
EIDITOR.!.-^!-. THIOXJGIiTS. 




i3 OW to achieve success in life is a subject 
that can not be otherwise than icteresting 
to all, and especially to the j'oung, for life 
is before them, and success exceeding!}' 
desirable. In our times this is generally 
esiiuiated by the amouut of money a njan 
possesses; and he who, on reaching adult 
age, starts in busiueaS poor and accumulates 
most money in a given time is generally 
regarded as the most successful man. So 
far as money goes this is undoubtedly a correct 
estimate; but while none can deny that the 
possession of wealth, and its discreet use, are 
very couducive to happiness and comfort in life, 
its accunjulation is not possible by all, and it is 
only a pariial standard of genuine success. In 
estimating this, Honor must also be takeu into con- 
sideration. We do cot mean that species of honor 
arising from popular applause, or that lip service 
given to men in high official position by those upon whom their 
favors are bestowed; but the genuine article — that which is 
involuntarily accorded to him who has performed really noble 
deeds, or whose life is Wf^ll spent and worthy of being 
imitated. This must certainly not be omitted or forgotten 
in estimating success in life, for it is a very important ele- 
ment; and while it is one sometimes not possessed by those 
who get rich, it is within the reach of all, rich or poor, for 
poverty need cot prevent a man being a good member of 
society. 

This being the case, we wish to have a short talk to our boy 
readers on the subject of "Success in Life." We say "boy 
readers" because the boys of to-day will bo the men of the 
future, and upon them will rest the chief responsibility of pro- 
viding homes, food, clothing and education for the generations 
which will follow them. They wilj bo the fathers and heads of 
the families of the future, and we hold that he who, whether he 
be rich or poor, provides for a fauiily, rears his children in com- 
fort, and gives them a good education is one of the most worthy 
members of society, achieves a great share of success in life, 
and merits the honor and respect of his fellows. This measure 
of success is, as we have said, within the reach of ail, and how 
to achieve it, is worthy the attention and consideration of all 
our youth. 

In a former number of the Juvenile Lxstrcctor, w,? 
endeavored to impress upon the boys the value and the 
great importance of becoming skillful in some useful craft, 
or trade. This, wo regard as indispensable to ensure any 
degree of success in life; but this is only one of the essentials, 
for a man may be a skillful tradesman, mechanic, artist, account- 
ant, and so on, and yet have wcakoesses or defects of character 
which militate agairjst his chances of success. For instance 
he Diay bo ever so skiilful in any of the branches meniioned 
above, and yet, if he is intemperate, as many are, he 
never can hope for success. He n^ay not be inteujperate 
but may be notorious for untruthfulness, or for a want of 
puQCtuality; or he may be dishonest, or lazy, and no matter 
bow soJtrt or Bkillful he may be, with eucb blemishes in his I 



character he can not hope for success, as we have defined it. 
Niw most of these faults are acquired through a neglected or 
defective education in youth, and if young folks will but be 
Warned, and take the advice of those older than they are, they 
may avoid acquiring them; or, having fallen into any of them, 
they may do much to correct them, and so brighteo their 
prospects of future success in life. Boys, think over these 
hints. You can all be your own best friends or greatest 
enemies; you can, to a great extent, make or mar your own 
future, ensure to yourself a life of usefulness, respect and com- 
fort, or of indigence, contempt and disrespect. This is no idle 
talk; and if you cannot understand it fully now, the day will 
come, and it is not far distant, when you will realize the truth of 
every word written here. Intelligent boys, who will make them- 
selves masters of some useful trade or profession, and will then 
make it the rule of their lives to be honest, punctual, industri- 
ous, economical, truthful, sober, obliging and polite — and this 
you can all do — never need far : their success is sure — it is in 
their own hands, and no "bad luck" can intervene and deprive 
them thereof. 



Nature in Austealia. — Australia abounds literally iu 
strange forms and unexpected contrasts, of which little is 
known in our country. Here Nature seems to have frolicked, 
almost wantonly, in producing grotesque shapes and curious 
combinations. The immigrant looks with marvel and a feeling 
akin to discomfort at the trees with leathery leaves, which all 
stand perpendicularly upon their stems, giving no shadow; 
while the tree itself changes not the foliage, but the bark, with 
the returning season. He finds an abundance of gorgeous 
flowers, but few edible fruits; grasses as high as men, and 
reeds growing up into stately trees. Here the swans are black 
and the eagles white; the birds have hair instead of feathers, 
and kangaroos have short, ridiculous fore-arms, and are forced 
to stand upright, holding a pair of useless-looking hands idly 
before them; bub the oddest of her creatures is a small kind of 
water-mole, known to naturalists under the formidable name of 
Ornithorhynchus, which means nothing more than duckbill. 
This extraordinary creature is an animal not unlike an otter in 
outline and in its fur, but in its inner structure, utterly diflFer- 
ent from all other mammalia. What makes it, however, unique 
in the animal kingdom, is the odd combination it presents of a 
quadruped with the bill of a bird; for the strange creature has 
a toothless mouth, lengthening out into two horny protuber- 
ances, which resemble nothing so much as a duck's bill; nor 
does the resemblance end here, for the little animal, living only 
in clear, standing water, stirs up the mud at the bottom exactly 
as water fowl do, and strains the slime, like the duck, through 
the bill, retaining only the small worms upon which it subsists. 
It spends its life under water; swims and dives admirably, and 
produces its young in so perfect a state of development, that 
they have to be sustained for some time by peculiar organs 
especially provided for the purpose, before they can le«ve the 
parent. 



r.ic3-h:teious IDEEDS. 



As liody wlien the eoul has fled, 
Ab barren trees decayed and dead 
Ib fulth : a hopelees, lifeless thing. 
If not of righteous detda the spriu; 

One cnp of healing oil and wine. 
One tear-drop thed on mercy's ebilne 
Is thrice more grateful Lord to Thoe, 
Than UIt«d eye or tetided knee. 



Selected. 




htfA 



>-?) 



j5»<.? 



^9^ 

w 



vTTJ'VElsriXjE IliTSTIS/TJOTOie.. 



165 







DURIN'j a reeent visit of President George A Smith, Elders 
Wilford Woodrufif and A. M. Musser and the Editor to 
California, we took occasion to visit various places of worship. 
San Francisco abounds in sectarian churches. Probably no 
other city in the United States has so great a variety. The 
Catholics have their churches, the Greeks have theirs, the 
Protestants have meeting houses of every kind, the Jews have 
their synagogues and the Chinese have their Joss houses. The 
most of these places are fitted up in the finest style of art. 
Both the Catholic church and the Greek church claim to be the 
original and pure church organized upon the earth by Jesus and 
His apostles. As each believes itself to be the true church — 
and both are mistaken, having ^been in a state of apostasy for 
hundreds of years — each hates the other with great cordiality. 
The Protestant churches are very numerous. They number 
hundreds. They are called Protestants, because they protest 
against the Catholic or Romish church and hold it to be a fallen 
or apostate church. But while they protest against the Catholic 
and Greek churches, and thick them both wrong, they cannot 
agree among themselves; in many instances they quarrel with 
one another about their doctrines as bitterly as they do with the 
church of Rome. 

One of the reasons of there being so many of these churches 
is that the Protestants generally believe that the Bible gives the 
authority to preach the gospel, and that if a man diifers with 
the church to which he belongs respecting poiots of doctrine, 
there is nothing to forbid his preaching his own views and get- 
ting as many followers as he 'can. He can thus form anew 
church. Jesus said to His apostles, after His resurrection from 
the dead, "Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing 
them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the 
Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I 
have commanded you : and lo, I am with you alway, even unto 
the end of the world." The Protestants claim that they have 
the same rights under this commandment that the apostles 
themselves had. With such views you can understand why 
they have so many sects. 

We did not learn whether the Chinese at San Francisco are 
divided into sects or not. But they have more than one place 
of worship. There are certain streets and blocks in that city 
which are almost wholly occupied by them. There are but few 
stores or residences in those quarters which are not theirs. 
Their habits and style of living are such that it is not pleasant 
for Americans or Europeans to live near them. We speak now 
of the common people, for the great bulk of those who come to 
this country are of this class. There are Chinese merchants in 
San Francisco who are men of high culture and refinement, and 
whose habits wOl probably compare favorably with the best in 
America or Europe. 

The Joss house we visited is built in the centre of the block, 
is surrounded by other buildings and is approached by alleys 
leading from the main streets. We climbed a flight of stairs, 
and walked along a verandah until we came to a wide door, 
which was open. Immediately in front of the door stood a 
screen, behind which were the principal shrines. At these 
shrines there were several images. They were all sitting. 
Some of their countenances were fierce and repulsive, others 
wore a mild expression. But all were tricked out with finery, 
and had considerable tinsel about them. In front of each a 
feeble light was burning, not blazing. The substance which 
burned seemed to be some kind of punk wood, rolled up to a 
thickness a little less than an ordinary black-lead pencil. This 
Hi-' uidered slowly, but with a bright glow. An attendant 
priest we presumed, kept these constantly burning. There 
were small vessels fiJled with water also before ea,ch shrine. 



There were three rooms containing shrines, and each image or 
idol difi'ered in appearance from the others. We lingered 
around there for some time; but we saw no worshippers. The 
rooms were evidently designed for purposes of worship alone. 
There were no seats, and the places were not spacious enough 
to hold a large congregation. Instructions in the religion is 
given elsewhere, and form a part of the education, doubtless, 
of every Chinese child. The Chinese are an educated people 
in their way; there are none of them, not even the poorest, who 
cannot read and write their own language. Inside the house 
there are inscriptions on various parts of the walls in Chinese; 
outside the walls are covered with them. 

Saturday being the Jewish Sabbath — for Jews observe the 
seventh day which, they claim to be Saturday — we repaired 
on that day to the synagogue El Emanuel, said to be the finest 
in the city. It is a brick structure of an architectural appear- 
ance strikingly oriental. By the kindness of the gentleman in 
charge, who proved to be an old acquaintance of the Editor 
when he was on a mission in California fifteen years ago, we 
were shown to a seat where we could witness the services and 
command a view of the congregation to the best advantage. 
The building is elegantly finished inside, and contains a gallery. 
The seats are well cushioned and commodious. The first im- 
pulse upon entering a place of worship is to pull ofi' one's hat. 
We did so, and sat with our hats off while the congregation 
assembled. But every man who came in kept his hat on. We 
saw that we would be singular to sit with our hats ofi", so we 
replaced them and kept them on during the entire service. At 
the north end of the building there were two desks or stands. 
In the centre of the upper one was an alcove, the opening of 
which was covered by rich curtains. Above these stands wore 
the organ, and the gallery for the singers. When the time had 
arrived for the commencement of the services two men in black 
gowns and with black, flat hats on, entered, one taking posses- 
sion of the lower stand, the other sat in the upper. The one 
in the lower stand commenced, in a very fine voice, to chant, in 
Hebrew, the praises of God, the words being selections from the 
Psalms of David. The choir which numbered only four persons 
— two men and two women — and who were evidently chosen 
for the position because of their excellent voices, joined at 
times with the minister in the chanting. The congregation had 
books printed in Hebrew with an English translation, and at 
certain portions of the service, they murmured, in a low, indis- 
tinct tone, the responses which were printed in the prayer 
book. Though we could not understand anything that was said 
in these portions of the service, we appreciated the singing, 
which was very fine. We had prayer books handed to us, and 
from these were able to get the translation of the Hebrew 
words which were sung. The prayer books, like all Hebrew 
books, commenced at what is the end of the book with us, and 
was paged backwards to what in our books is the beginning, 
our first page being the last page in them. After the chanting 
of the services the minister in the upper stand delivered a brief 
discourse in English. His English was broken, and bad a 
strong German accent. 

The most interesting portion of the service to us was the pre- 
senting of the law to the congregation. The ministers proceed- 
ed to the alcove in the upper stand, and with the assistance of 
two of the congregation who sat in the stand in citizen's dress 
during the service, and who hold some office, took therefrom the 
law. This is rolled on two sticks or rollers, and is encased in s, 
silken covering. It is held up before the congregation as the 
law given by God through Moses His prophet to His chosen 
people Isra'l. It is then uncovered and unrolled by the two 
assistants, ai d held on the desk while the Rabbi reads therefrom, 
in Hebrew, a portion of the law, after which it is carefully 
rolled up, encased in its silken covermg and placed back in 
the alcove, which represents the ark of the covenant. This 
oeremony is conducted with an impresHvenoBS that inspired us 



5^^WV*^" 



i 



166 



J""Cr"V"E35riIL.E IlsrSTIEe/TJOTOI^. 



^e^? 






■with solemn feelings. The reading from the law, as well as the 
remarks of the Rabbi, were followed by singing. In fact, 
nearly all the prayers and other services were chanted — the 
Jews evidently beheve in giving glory to God in the soug — and 
the benediction was pronounced by tha Rabbi, in Hebrew, with 
uplifted hands as our Elders do, and the congregation then dis- 
persed after having been together about one hour and a half. 
(lobe Continued.) 



>e^^>ee 



h: T s 



T O lE^ "Y" O IF 
O H TJ I?. O HI. 
(Cotitinued.) 



THE 



ON the 14th the volunteers from Mount Pisgah arrived. The 
battalion was called, and strict instructions were given 
them as to how they should behave on their expedition. Presi- 
dent Young wished them to prove the best soldiers in the 
United States service. He iostructed the captains to be fathers 
to their companies, and to manage their offices by the power and 
influence of the priesthood, then they would have power to pre- 
serve their lives and the lives of their companies and to escape 
difficulties. Said he, "a private soldier is as honorable as an 
officer if he behaves as well; no one is distinguished as being 
better flesh and blood than another." They should keep neat 
and clean; teach chastity, gentility and civility, and swearing 
must not be allowed. They were to insult no man; have no 
contentious conversation with Missourians, Mexicans or any 
class of people; were not to preach only where people desired 
to hear, and then wise men were to do the preaching. They 
were not to impose their principles upon any people; were to 
take their Bibles and Books of Mormon, and if they had any 
playing cards they were to burn them. The officers were to 
regulate dances, but they were not to dance with the world. 
They were not to trespass on the rights of others, and if they 
should engage with the enemy and bo successful, they were to 
treat prisoners with the greatest civility and never to take life 
if it could be avoided. President Young told the brethren of 
the battalion that they would have no fighting to do. He said 
that the battalion would probably be disbanded about eight 
hundred miles from the place where the Church would locate. 
He suggested that they tarry there and go to work; "'but," 
said he, "the next temple will be built in the Rocky Mountains; 
in the Great Basin is the place to build temples, and it shall 
be the stronghold of the Saints against mobs." 

Twenty-six .years have elapsed since this prediction was made 
by President Young. At the time he thus addressed the battal- 
ion, this country was an almost unknown land. No human being 
knew whether grain or fruit could be raised here or not. All 
that was known about it was that it was a desert. The Prophet 
Joseph had predicted during his lifetime that the Latter-day 
Saints should become a great and mighty people in the Rocky 
Mountains; President Young, moved upon by the same spirit, 
prophesied to the same effect. The battalion was disbanded 
about eight hundred miles from Salt Lake City : the most of 
the volunteers did tarry in California to labor, and were the 
means of bringing to light the pjld for which California has 
jince become so famous, and the discovery and diggin;; of which 
has almost turned the world upside down. The Great Basin 
has become a stronghold for the Saints against mobs. The 
foundations of temples have been laid, and we sinc^irdy hope 
and trust that numbers of them will yet be built in the various 
parts of the Great Basin. 

It was somewhat difficult to raise men of the necessary age 
— between 18 and 45 — to mmplete the fivd hundred, but 
by strenuous exertions they were at last enlisted and took up 
their line of march under the command of Lieutenaiit Colonel 
Alien, for Fort Leaven 'worth, and from tlwnce to S«iiito T^^ aud 



U 



so on to California. Colonel Allen, much to the regret of those 
who kaew him, did not live to lead the battalion through. He 
died at Fort Leaven wor.h. The battalion performed the duties 
r quired of it io the most satisfactory manner, and gained great 
credit by their discipline aud patient perseverance iu the midst 
of the difficulties which they had to encounter. No better 
troops as soldiers, no better behaved as gentlemen ever enlisted 
under the flag of the Union thau these volunteers proved; wo 
shall have occasion to refer to them and their toilsome labors as 
we progress with this history. Measures were adopted to take 
care of the families of the volunteers during their absence. A 
large number of the most responsible men in the camp were 
selected to act as bishops to see that there was no suffering 
among these families and that all were properly provided for. 

General Thomas L. Kane, son of Judge Kane, of Phila- 
delphia, came to the camp about the time that Colonel Allen 
did, having been sent by President Polk as a bearer of dis- 
patches to Fort Leavenworth. It was there that he first made 
the acquaintance of President Young and the Apostles, and saw 
the people in the midst of the trying circumstances which sur- 
rounded them. Though quite a young man at the time, he took 
a warm interest in their welfare. He was taken dangerously 
sick in camp, and it was only with the most careful nursing and 
strict attention that his life was saved. He never forgot this 
kindness, and, upon his return to Philadelphia, he deliverd an 
address before the Historical Society of that city, in which ho 
described in the most eloquent aud touching language the scenes 
through which the Latter-day Saints had passed, and the 
patriotic sacrifice which they had made to rnise the battalion 
called for by the government. Probably no document of its 
size has ever described in more graphic and striking language 

j the trials and sufferings of the Latter-day Saints to the reader 
than this. General Kane has on numerous occasions since the 
one of which we write shown his friendship for the innocent 
and the oppressed, and he will have the esteem of this people 

' as a devoted, self-sacrificing and truly Christian gentleman — a 

I philanthropist in the highest sense of the term. 

j On the 16th of July, Ezra Taft Benson was ordained au 

j Apostle, to take the place of John E. Page, who had fallen. 
On the same day Elders Orson Hyde, Parley P. Pratt and 
John Taylor were appointed on a mission to England, on which 
mission they started on the 31st of that month, to regulate the 
affairs of the Church in that land. On the 21st of July twelve 
men were selected to preside in all matte: s, spiritual and tem- 
poral, at Council Bluffs. Instructions were given to them to 
attend as speedily as convenient to locating and arranging for 
the stopping of the Saints, those already at Council Bluffs aud 
those who might come on that season, as well as to use all the 
means in their power to have all the poor Saints brought from 
Nauvoo. They were also instructed to do everything in their 
power to assist in taking charge of the families of those who 
had gone as volunteers in the battalion. Instructions wero 
given also for the establishment of schools for the education of 
the children during the Winter. 

Captain Allen had secured from the chiefs representing the 
Pottawattomie tribe of Indians at Council Bluffs, their volun- 
tary consent for the Latter-day Saints to make their lands a 
stopping place, and to cultivate any part of them not then cul- 
tivated by themselves, so long as they, the Pottawattomies, 
should remain in possession of their present country. He also 
wrote a letter, to be used whenever occasion might require 
it, stating, over his official signature, what he had done and 
advised in the premises. The Indian sub-agout of that tribe of 
Indians had also endorsed in a letter the action of the Indians, 
and of Colonel Allen as being wise and proper under the cir- 
cnmstanoes. General Kane wrote a letter to the President of 
the United States, enclosing a copy of these documents, and 
giving his pergonal endorsement to the measure. He said that 
^hila ho could soe no reascm why the Mormon people should 



T 




^ 



a"TJ"V"Ein^IIl,E] Il^STI^TJOTOI^. 



ft 



167 



not wiuter in the valleys of that neighborhood, he considered 
it exceedingly important that they should be allowed the 
privilege cf so doing, as uo advice to them had been opposed to 
the crossing of the Missouri river of so large a body of them 
daring that year. 

On the 1st of August the council addressed a letter to Bishop 
Miller and the companies with him, he having gone out in the 
direction of the Pawnee village, in which they reported the con- 
dition of the camp, an account of the organization of the bat- 
talion and the intention to encamp with the main body some- 
where on or near the Missouri river for the Winter. He was 
told that the council did not think it advisable fur any part of 
the companies to undertake to cross the mountains that Fall. 
Measures were taken at the main camp by President Young 
and the council to organize affairs for the season. Twelve men 
were chosen to be the Municipal High Council, who were to 
take measures to gather the Saints together at one place under 
the necessary regulations. The camp was gathered together at 
a grove which was called Cutler's Park, after Alpheus Cutler, 
who was chosen as President of the Municipal High Council. 
Instructions were given to the people to immediately proceed to 
the cutting of hay in sufficient quantities to supply the stock of 
the camp during the Winter. 

( To be continued.) 



T h: S 



s T o L E isr 
IP I El a E. 

(Concluded.) 



O- O L ID 



" k RE you certain you left it here? Didn't yoa carry it 

IjL down to the store?'' asked Mrs. Hall. 

"No. I am certain I left it here," placing hia hand on the 
table. You saw me, Walter?" 

" Yes, sir," answered the boy. 

"And was it there when you came down to the store at 
eleven?" 

" I don't know, sir. I saw you leave it, and I was so busy 
studying, that I did not notice anything about it afterwards.'' 

" You don't suppose there has been any one in the house to 
steal it, do you, Mary?" asked Mr. Hall. 

" No, that cannot be, for there has been no one in the room 
but Walter, and, after he went out, I came down and locked 
both the doors." 

" It is perfectly unaccountable," said Mr. Hall, "where that 
money has gone. I declare 1 If it was in the days of witch- 
craft, I should think the witches had got it." 

*«** »♦#» *»## ♦»»» 

It was evening. Mr Hall was sitting alone with his wife. 

"Mary," said he, "that gold piece has disappeared most 
mysteriously. Walter is good and faithful, and it is hard to 
believe anything wrong of him, but he was strongly tempted, 
and has probably yielded to the temptation. In fact, it is my 
firm belief that he has taken the money." 

"Oh! don't say so," pleaded his wife. "It cannot be; we 
have had so much confidence in him, it is dreadful to think 
of his being a thief." 

"I know it is, Mary," he answered. "But the circum- 
stances are all against him. Walter," he called, as he heard 
his step in the hall, "come here, I want to speak to you. 

The boy obeyed. 

" Walter," said Mr. Hall, sternly, after having regarded him 
attentively, "tell me the truth: did you take that gold piece?" 

The boy stood, for a moment, almost stupefied with amaze- 
ment at this unexpected question; then, raising his eyes with a 
look as bright and fearless as ever, he said, — 

"I steal? I steal from you, Mr. Hall, when you have done 
so much for me ? Never 1" 



Mr. Hall again repeated the question. 

"Did you ever know me to tell you a lie?" asked Walter 
proudly, a rich color mounting to his cheeks as he spoke. 

" No, you never have." 

"Did you ever know me to deceive you or to take a oent 
that did not belong to me?" 

" No, you have been a good and faithful boy, and I have 
never had occasion to distrust you before; but a bright, twenty 
dollar gold piece was a strong temptation, and older and wiser 
people have yielded before you. But if you will confess, and 
tell me what you have done with the money, I will pardon this 
first offence, and, if you do well, you shall in time be reinstated 
in my confidence." 

But the only answer he received was — 

"I am innocent." 

"Walter," said Mr. Hall, still more sternly, "I command 
you to tell me what you have done with the money; there was 
no one in the room but you, and you must have taken it." 

Still the boy's despairing cry was — 

" I am innocent. 0, Mr. Hall 1 I am innocent." 

" How dare you persist in adding falsehood to your theft? 
I give yru your choice, confess your guilt, and tell me what 
you have done with the money, or to-morrow morning you shall 
leave my home forever. I will not keep a boy," he said, an- 
grily, "who repays confidence and kindness with ingratitude 
and theft." 

Walter was silent for a few moments; and then, in accents 
that would have melted a heart of stone, he said, — 

"Mr. Hall, you have been to me like a father; you took me 
when I was destitute, without a friend in the world, and gave 
me a home and employment; and I have been happy, very 
happy. Could you look into my heart, you would see there 
love and gratitude as enduring as my life; had you placed a 
whole bag of gold pieces before me, I woidd have died before 
taking one from you." 

"This is all idle talk," said Mr. Hall, "when this act of yours 
belies your words. You have heard the only conditions upon 
which I shall suffer you to remain. Now take your choice." 

The face of the boy was colorless as marble as he said, in a 
voice scarcely above a whisper, — 

''How can I confess guilt when I have no guilt to confess?" 

Truth and innocence were stamped upon the boy's face, but 
the circumstances pointed against him. 

"How young to be skilled in artifice !" thought Mr. Hall. 

At this moment little Ella came running into the room, and, 
coming up to Walter's side, laid her little, curly head upon his 
arm, and said, — 

" Papa, Waily didn't teal, Wally dood, Ella love Wally." 

Thus far the boy had shed no tears; he had borne up like a 
hero under the charge against him; but Ella's childish words of 
affection and sympathy were too much fur him. Bursting into 
tears, he sank down upon tho sofa, and covered his face with 
his hands. 

It was a touching scene. Mrs. Hall raised her eyes beseech- 
ingly to her husband, as if imploring him to relent. Mr. Hall, 
too, was moved with compassion at the sight of his distress; 
but when he thought of the many circumstances against him, 
he more firmly than ever believed in his guilt, and thought him 
acting most admirably his part of dissimulation and falsehood, 
and it Ftifled all the feelings of pity that were beginning to 
spring up in his heart. Uncertain what course ho ought to 
pur.-uo, he said, — 

" You may go to your room now, Walter, and in the morning 
we will settle this question." 

The next morning the sun shone into Walter's room as bright 
and cheerful as ever. Would that tho heart of its little occu- 
pant were is bright and joyous as were its gladsome rays ! 

Walter had passed a sleepless night, and had arisen at an 
early hour. The words tJiat Jlr. Hall had used the evening 



J 



^fir^l^i 



^i 



s?^^^^ 



168 



J- TJ IT E 2TI H. E in5rSTI?.TJOTOie.. 






before almost drove him to distractioo. " He must confess his 
guUt, and restore the money, or he should be for ever banished 
from the house." Would it not be better, he thought, to say 
that he had taken the money, but had lost it in the street? 
In that case, Mr. Hall had promised to pardon him, and iu 
time to reinstate him in his confidence. But a still, small voice 
within him said: "Keep to the truth, Walter, keep to the 
truth." 

At that moment his eye fell on his Bible, the dying gift, of 
his mother, he opened it, and read these word.s : "Whatso- 
ever things ye desire, when ye pray believe that ye receive them, 
!ind ye shall have them." 

Precious words of comfort and promise 1 Kneeling down by 
his bedside, he poured forth his soul in prayer, asking that his 
innocence might be proved and for a rich blessing to descend 
upon his benefactors. 

Was his prayer answered ? We shall see. 

-J * ■)!■ * *«■!>* S * # * # -X- » # 

Mr. and Mrs. Hall had taken their seats at the breakfast- 
table. The countenances of both wore a troubled expression 
quite unusual to them, and while her husband was carving the 
meat, Jlrs. Hall attempted to pour the coffee; but it would not 
run. 

"Why what is the matter?" s-he said, "the coffee-pot is 
full, I know, but there won't a drop come out." 

"Shake it," said Mr. Hall, perhaps the grains have become 
lodged on the strainer." 

She did so, and something hard and heavy, like a piece of 
metal, fell to the bottom of the coffee-pot with a rattling 
sound. 

" I wonder what it can be?" she said. 

liaising the liJ, .she inserted a spoon, and drew out upon it 
something round and hard. 

" It looks like a large brass button," she said, wiping it with 
her napkin. " Why, Edward !" she exclaimed, in amazement. 
" It is that twenty dollar gold piece .vou gave me yesterday !" 
And she handed it to her husband. 

''Are you sure?" he asked, quickly. " Good Heavens ! you 
are right. ' 

"Here, papa," cried Ella, who was seated beside her father 
at the table, "it's mine I Div it to nic ! Ella put it in there 
to make you some toffee." 

The mystery was explained, and hastily dropping his knife 
and fork, Mr. Hall rushed up-stairs to Walter's room. 

" Can you ever f^irgive me?" he exclaimed. "Tour inno- 
pcnco is proved, as clear as daylight." And ho proceeded to 
tell in what manner the njoncy had been found. 

"I knew it would be," .said the boy, his face radiant with 
every emotion of joy. " I knew it would be found, and before 
this day was out, too.'' 

"How did you know it?" asked Mr. Hall, a good deal sur- 
pri.sed at the boy's earnestness. 

"Doesn't it say here," and he held up the open Bible, and 
pointed to a particular passage, '"That whatsoever things ye 
desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall 
have them ?' I took (Jod at His word, and prayed that He 
would prove my innocence, believing that He would hear my 
pra.vcr, and you .sec He has done it." 

Beautiful, indeed, is a child's impicit faith in the unfailing 
promise of the Eodeemer. Why so much talk in the world 
about creeds, doctrines and professions? Why is it noi enough 
to follow the simple teachings of Jesus, and to give to Him and 
the Father the tribute of a loving, trusting heart? 

Christmas came a fJirtnight after, and the twenty dollar gold 
piece did goto Jlr. Williams, the tailor, after all; 1 ut not to 
pay for Mr. Hall's clothing, as was originally intendeu, for that 
bill was settled some time ago, but to buy a good, warm, hand- 
some suit, with cap and gloves, for Walter Stcreus, a Christmas 
present from Mr. and Mrs. Hail. 



S^Utl^^ ^ofluy. 




ijvdioTiiEK. ic3sro\^rs best. 



' The rain is most over, hnrrah for the water!" 
Said a motherly goose to her yellowish daughter, 

' We'll take a good Imth and a motherly swim, 
For here's a uevv mud puddle, full to the brim. 

' A goose never waits on account of the weather-. 
And It's lucky for you that we go In together. 
Step forward, my dear," said old mother goosa, 

' You act as If running your head in a noose." 

' That is just the way that I feel, my dear mother-. 
And if you don't object I'm sure I'd much rather 
Stay here on the bank, I'm so young and small 
I know going in will not suit me at all." 

' Tut, tut!" said the goose, "stop your baby like chatter; 
You've never been in, and that's what's the matter-, 
Now what do you know until you have tried ? 
.Tuet listen to me, your mother and guide." 

So cosling, much fearing her dear mother's censure. 
Had nothing to do hut to make the adventure. 
Now look at her frisking and sailing about. 
Tor havuig got in she is loth to come out! 

Now, nice little readers, please give your attention, 
For here is a moral I just wish to mention; 
If not this a truth you have often confessed. 
That, think as I may, my mother knows liest? 



THII^EE 13<r j^ BEID. 



fiay, little velvet coats, 

One, two, three! 
Any home happier 

Could there bo'? 
Topsey and Johnny 

And sleepy Ned, 
Purring so cosily. 

Three in a bed ! 

Woe to the stupid monse 

Prowling about! 
Old Mother Pussy 

It on the lookout! 
Little cats, big cats, 

Ail must be fed, 
In the sky parlor, 

Three in a bed ! 

Mother's a gipsy pugs, — 

Often she moves, 
Thinking much travel 

Her children Improves, 
High-minded family. 

Very well bred; 
No falling out, you see ! 

Three iu a bed ! 



la poij'iabed in Salt I^ake City, Utali Territory, 
KVKUY OTHER SATURDAY. 



C£OROE Q CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Hmyle Copy, per Anii,uii\, f2 50. 

4»- Orain brought to tills City for the JuvKNiLB I.sstructor will b« 
ntflvnl Ht till' oaii>e of our paper — Dksiiret News IiuiLDi.vo8. 



iil 



'^^'JliT 



■^^^^ 



