
HOLINESS TO THE LORD. 




NO e.>cellsnce witho 






®^ll!i 




VOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1S7S. 



NO. 



EGYPTIAN - -\AT O :MI IE IsT 




HERE we have a picture of Egyptian women, iu which 
their chara3teristic costume is well shown. The Egyp- 
tians, both men and women, are very particular about covering 
their heads, the men generally wearing a fez, or cap, and a 
huge turban over that, while the women invariably wear a 
veil or covering of cloth over their heads, more for the pur- 
pose of hiding their features than anything else. This is one 
of the laws of fashion in Egypt; no respectable woman must 
allow her face to be seen by a stranger, or appear in the street 
without her head covered. And she must not show herself 
outside the 
house, even 
though veiled or 
attended, after 
sunset in the 
evening. 

The Egyptian 
women are no- 
torious for their 
coyness and af- 
fectation in this 
respect, even car- 
rying it so far a' 
as to keep thei 
faces covered an 
avoid thei 
husband, shouli 
they meet him o 
the street. Th 
common idea, 
however, which 
prevails in regard 
to the women of 

Egypt being shut up in the harems of their husbands and 
masters, like so many prisoners, excluded from ihegazeof 
the public, is not strictly true. 

According to ]>r. KluDzinger, an experienced traveler and 
writer upon Eeyptian customs, the ''harems are not citadels 
of jealousy, in which the husband keeps penned up a consider- 
able flock of luxurious, indolent beauties. The women's 
apartments arc rather places sacred and inviolable, where the 
harim, that is the 'prohibited,' the women, the family, and 
therefore the husband's dearest treasure, must be guarded 
from profane gla'ices and frivolous influences. As above 
remarked, they are by DO means Imprisoned, with the excep- 




tion perhaps of the women of the highest ranks; they are 
merely kept and brought up, so that they may shut them- 
selves off by their veils both in the home and outside from 
all strange men; among themselves they enjoy the freest 
intercourse." 

The same writer, in describing a walk through an Egyptian 
Iotd, says: 

"We now come upon a creature entirely enveloped in a 
large brown or striped gray cloth, and as our glance lights 
upon it it darts in at an open door. Another creature of the 

same kind that 
does not at once 
find a place of 
refuge squeezes 
itself close to a 
wall till we have 
passed by, draw- 
ing the cloth to- 
gether firmlyover 
its face. Turn- 
ing a corner we 
suddenly come 
( upon a third, and 
catch a glimpse 
a of the face, but 
quick as light- 
ning its bead is 
shrouded in its 
mantle. Wish- 
ing to act with 
propriety we be- 
have as if we 
had observed no- 
thing, and turn aside to let it pass. After a few mintuesboth 
of us — we and this being — seized with curiosity, turn around 
at the same moment; our eyes again meet, and the two large, 
black, beaming orbs betray to us that under the uneasy cover- 
ing a heart warm as our own is beating, perhaps beating for 
us. Wherefore then this fear, this flight , this anxiety; what 
crime have we committed; are we robbers or enemies; are wo 
hunters hiving our plans to catch the gentle gazelle? Modesty 
will have it so; wc are men, and unbelievers to boot, and the 
creature we have just seen is a woman. We meet quite a 
drove of such modest walking suits of clothes, who lay their 
beads together, like cows before a wolf, and form square 



~*£p 



26 



j" tj v e nsr i L e iitstbuctor. 



I 



against us with their backs. The veil which the bolder ladies 
of the capital wear, and which allows the eye, the mirror of 
the heart, to be seen, is not worn by the fair sex in the 
provincial town, and they have always their hands ready at 
both sides of the slit in front of the face, in order that they 
may at once conceal their features with their outer wrapper 
in times of danger, that is, when a man's form becomes 
visible. A woman that does not do this is certainly a doubtful 
character, or else we have become intimately acquainted with 
her, and have seen her fully on some former occasion as in 
attending her medically, in which case veiling before us k no 
longer thought of. It is not the case that good-looking women 
are ready to let themselves be seen, while old ones, on the 
contrary, when neither dangerous nor likely to run any da 
are not so particular."' 

Oil being invited by an Egyptian home to dine with him, he 
statts that, on entering, the host called out to his family 
within, "Your laces! Cover yourselves!" at the same time 
clapping his hands. Immediately after were heard half 
uttered cries of fear, whimpering children's voices, whispered 
scolding and smothered giggling. On entering the inner 
apartment a moment afterwards, the inmates of the haren, 
thus taken by surprise, had fled to their hiding places. He 
explains the necessity for this course on the part of the host 
by saying that "These women, while careful to conceal their 
charms out of doors, are careless on this matter inside the 
house, where they think they do not need to mind who sees 
them. It is therefore advisable that warning should be given 
before a stranger enters the house." 

One of the figures in the engraving is seen holding a water 
pot upon her head. Tins is the manner in which they carry 
water for dotne.-t'c purposes, in earthen pots. 




The Old Lawyer s Lesson.— A young man said that he 
learned, when eighteen yearsold, a lesson which was of life- 
long use to him. A paper was given him by an old lawyer 
with directions as to what he was to do with it. •'But what 
if 1 should lose it?" he asked. 

"You must n it lose it," was the answer, with a most 
decided empha>is. 

"I don't intend to. but what if I should happen to?" 

"B i' I say you m'ist not happen to. I shall make no pro- 
vision for any such occurrence. You must not lose it." 

The old lawyer's manner made its impression and set the 
youth on a new train of thinking, lie found that if he set 
his mind resolutely on a thing it could be done. If care 
enough was taken he would not lose nor forget. 

Never to lo e anything and never lorget anything that ought 
■ ' !] 1 b( came his two mottoes, and by this means 
he bee. m i a sd soessful worker. He always regarded it as the 
pooresl of ■ or one in his employ to say for neglect. "I 

forgot." B considered it equivalent to saying that he 

did not care enough aboul the businessto remember it. We 

all remembi c fast ei gh things that are particularly for our 

own interest. We ought to make' our employer's interest our 
own. in common honesty, and it is. i;i a sense, for our interest 
>" d i BO. It is the youth who are "faithful in that 
which is least" who rise to perfermenl and places of greater 
tru^t. 

Never loje and never forget, if you wish to thrive and lay 
the foun lation for future success. 

"Lazy fo.ks can never prosper or thrive." It is the laziest 
habit of mind that induces one to be always losing and always 
forgetting. 



ISj i * 9 r a g n u 



h 



JOSSPH SMITH, 
PROPHET. 



THE 



{Gonti, 



AT a cinferenct :h, held in Quincy, Illinois, ihe 

proceedings .of the Twelve while at Far West were fully 
sanctioned. The Lord had not failed to protect and assist 
His servants in seeking to fulfill His woui. This the Saints 

ready to acl Ige. On the 25th of April, 1839, 

to Iowa. Tie accompanied 
ted to lect a new location 
for the Saints. They examined various places in Lee County, 
1 ■ ' ■ mi rce, Hani icli Couuty, Illinois. These 

Counties were opposite each other, the Mississippi river 
running between them. Commerce was decided upon as the 
place for the Saints to collect at. Land was purchased there 
of various men who owned it. On May 3rd, Joseph returned 

to his family and the Saints at Quincy. 

These were very bufy days with him. His position was a 

most trying and responsible one. The Saints had been 

stripped of almost everything. They were friendless and 

1: im dess. They looked to him with trustful anxiety, as the 

under God, to counsel and guide them. The Lord 
never failed to give him the nee led revelation and wisdom. 
He was m tde equal to the re nonsibility. Oa the nth of May 
hi started with his family from Quincy to go to Commerce. 
Oa the 10th he reached there. Counseling, writing letters, 
dictating history, setting forth the grievances of the people 
to send to the Government at Washington, laying out city 
jo 3 and numerous other labors occupied his time alter his 
arrival. The Saints soon began to gather to Commerce and 
it- neighborhood. The name of Commerce was dropped, and 

the ,v city received the name of Nauvoo, which means in 

the Hebrew, "Beautiful." 

At the time of the purchase by Joseph the town of Com- 
merce contained only six house. — one stone, three frame and 
two block; besides these there were four other houses in the 
immediate vicinity — one, of stone and three of logs. The 
land was mostly covered with trees and bushes. Much of it 
was so wet that teams could not travel over it. The place 
was not healthy; but no better presented itself. Joseph 
believed that by the blessing of the Lord it might become a 
healthy place, and ho considered it wisdom to try and build 
u i a city there. The location was rightly named when it was 
called Nauvoo. It was a beautiful place. The Mississippi 
river swi pt round it in a half circle. The land on which a 
portion of the city was laid out was shaped like a horse shoe, 
and the river ran past each end of some of the principal 
streets. 

1 1 iring the?e days Joseph gave much instruction concerning 
doetiiue. He prophesied "that the signs of the coming of 
the Son of .Man are already commenced. One pestilence will 
follow another. We will soon have war and bloodshed. The 
moon will he turned into blood. I testify of these things, and 
that the coming of the Son of Man is nigh, even at your 
doors." He also told some other things that had bten 
revealed to him. He said: 

"I saw men hunting the lives ef their own sons, an'l brother 
murdering brother, women kilting their own daughters, an 




£3 



JT7YBNILE I1TSTBUCTOB 



sv 



daughters seeding the lives of their mother*. I saw armies 
arrayed against armies. I saw blood, desolation, fires, etc. The 
Son of Man has said that the mother shall be against the daughter, 
and the daughter against the mother, etc. These things are at 
our doors." 

Children, you have heard of runny cruel things which have 
been done during the late civil war. But worse things than 
you have ever heard of will happen before all that Joseph 
saw will be fulfilled. Cut who will receive his testitnonj? 
During his life ho to'd the people of the trouble that was 
coming, and pointed out the way to escape. But few would 
believe hiua. Many of his words have come to pass. The 
people have seen them fulfilled before their eyes. Yet they 
will not believe what he has told theni. They have hardened 
their hearts against them. If they would open their hearts to 
the truth, the Spirit of the Lord would open their understand- 
ing. But they will not; they, therefore, can not see. If you 
desire it, the Lord will show you that these things are true 
and that they will come to pass. 



TBIIE J^A/VELIUsT "Vj^IMIIPIIELEi 




IN' No. 1 we gave the picture of a kind of bat, called the 
"flying fox." Herewith we present the picture of 
another animal, be- 
longing to the same 
order, but to a diffei- 
ent family — the fam" 
i'y of Vampires. 
There are several 
species of Vampires, 
varying in size from 
twenty to twenty- 
seven imhes acrcss 
the wings, when fully 
expanled. The Jav- 
elin Vampire, the 
kind here shown, represents the smallest species. 

The Vampires are the bats of Central and South America. 
They are chiefly characterized by two nasal leaves, one in the 
shape of a horse-shoe, situated above the upper lip; the other 
in the shape of a lance, and placed above the first. They 
have a large mouth, a horny tongue and a strong pair of 
canine teeth in each jaw, which project beyond the lips. 
They are very destructive. 

Travelers and naturalists who have visited the countries 
where they abound declare that, not content with devouring 
insects, the Vampires fix themselves on domestic animals and 
even man, to suck their blood. Oxen, horses and mules arc 
persecuted by them when care is not taken to have them 
enclosed in stables by night. It is not necessary to believe, 
however, what has sometimes been advanced, that such 
wounds are dangerous enough to cause death; these arc 
unreasonable exaggerations. But the bleeding, if allowed to 
continue long, would produce weakness and might result 
seriously. 

The naturalist. Azara, who observed a large numbi r of 
these American bats, has afforded us valuable information 
concerning their habits. It is usually on the croup, shoulder 
or neck that they bite boasts of burden, because there they 
find a secure resting-place. The wounds they inflict arc 
neither extensive nor deep, but small incisions made by the 
horny papilla' with which their tongue is armed, and which 
only punctures the skin. The blood, therefore, with which 



Vampires gorge themselves comes, not from the veins or 
arteries, but from the capillary vessels of the skin. They 
sometimes attack sleeping poultry, and bite them on the 
crest, or other parts of their beads. Most frequently in such 
eases gangrene sets in, and death follows. 

Azara fully confirms their fondness for sucking the blood of 
man, having himself on several occasions experienced their 
effects. At four diffareut times this naturalist had his toes 
bitten when he was obliged to sleep in the open air. But the 
sensation was so painless that he did not awake, and knew 
nothing of his mishap until morning. He suffered from the 
effects of these wounds for some days, although he did not 
think it necessary to pay any attention to them. 

The same traveler adds that Vampires do not live on blood 
except when insects are scarce. He also gives an opinion, 
but without mentioning it as his own, or expressing his 
belief in it, but which is credited by the natives, that in 
order to lessen the sensation of pain in their victims, these 
animals fan with their wings the part they are about to 
wound. 

Another naturalist, M. de Tsehudi, who traveled in Peru, 
also studied these lats. He says that it is common enough 
to find cattle which have been bitten by them during the 
night, in a very miserable plight in the morning. It was not 
without great trouble, and constant friction of the injured 

part, that he was 
able to save one of 
his mules which had 
been wounded in 
this manner. On 
another occasion, a 
drunken Indian was 
bitten in the face, 
and such an amount 
of inflammation en- 
sued that his fea- 
tures were scarcely 
recognisable. 
Bats are certainly yery curious, if not pleasant creatures. 



THIE! RELIABLE 



OF all the qualities that combine to form a good character, 
there is not one more important than reliability. Most 
emphatically is this true of the character of a good business 
man. The word itself embraces both truth and honesty, and 
the reliable man must necessarily be truthful and honest. We 
see so much all around us that exhibits the absence of this 
crowning quality that we are tempted, in our bilious moods, to 
deny its very existence. But there are, nevertheless, reliable 
men, men to be depended upon, to be trusted, in whom you 
may repose oonfidon.'C, whose word i;, as good as thoir bond 
and whose promise is performance. If any one of you know 
such a man make him your friend. You can only do so, how- 
ever, by assimilating his character. 

The reliable man is a man of good judgment. lie does not 
jump at conclusions, lie is not a frivolous man. He is 
I bought fill, lie turns over a subject in his mind and looks at 
it all around, lie is not a partia' or one-sided man. lie sees 
through a thing. Ileisapl to be a very reticent man. He 
does not have to talk a great deal, lie is a moderate man, 
not only in habits of body, but also of mind, lie is not a 







28 



crcr^riEJsrii-.-E htstrctctqb 



<7 



( 



passionate man, if so by nature, he has overcome it by grace. 
He is a sincere man, not a plotter or schemer. He does not 
promise rashly. What he sajs may be relied on. He is a 
trustworthy man. You feel safe with your property or the 
administration of affairs in his hands. He is a watchful, 
vigilant man. You feel secure within his protection. He is a 
brave man, for his conclusions are logically deduced from the 
sure basis of truth, and he does not fear to maintain them. 
He is a good man. for no one can be be thoroughly honest 
and truthful without being good. Is such a quality attain- 
able? Most assuredly so. It is not born; it is made. Character 
may be formed; of course, then, its component parts may be 
molded to that formation. 



.A. KEY TO SUCCESS. 



I 



ONE of the principal reasons for some persons not succeed- 
ing in life is that they lack application. They may not 
be lazy, or wanting in natural ability; they may be really 
talented, and yet fail in everything they undertake, for the 
simple reason that they are wanting in that quality of unyield- 
ing assiduity which is so necessary to secure success. Such 
people frequently have good thinking powers, can reason 
logically and evolve fine theories, and often have the courage 
to venture upon the execution of their plans and schemes; 
but their grip soon slackens, they become dispirited, or fancy 
• something else offers a better prospect, and off they go to 
try it. Thus they go through life, dabbling in everything that 
comes along, yet succeeding at nothing; in fact, sticking at 
no one thing long enough to make a success of it. 

An eminent writer has said that if he were asked to name 
the three principal requisites for an honorable and success- 
ful career, he should say, firstly, Perseverance; secondly, 
Perseverance; thirdly, Perseverance. 

Lot a man possess this quality, and no obstacle is too great 
for him to surmount. Difficulties that appal a less resolute 
heart are met and overcome t.y him in hisimpertu bable march 
as if they were the veriest mole hills. 

How we can admire surffi a mm. Whatever may be his 
natural talent;, his parssveranca is the one that shines out 
most clearly, and without that he would probably not be able 
to amount to more than a cipher in the great sum of 
existence. 

We have in our mind a man who has had excellent oppor- 
tunities for earning an honorable name and eminent position 
in the world; who possessed many natural advantages and 
had the assistance of influential friends as well. When he 
started ; n life for himself favorable situations seemed to open 
up tn him mi every side, and everybody was ready to predict 
for him a prosperous career. But like an unsettled bird he 
war red and vascillated; lie tried one thing a short time and 
then another; he left realities to follow phantoms, and he is 
chasing them still. Hu is now completely broken up; his 
character for integrity and stability is gone; his family ties 
have been sundered; his self reliance — his sheet anchor, is 
lost; and he is fast losing his self respect. His frequent 
disappointments have 1 ecn followed by di -\ i ndi ncy and that 
sometimes by dissipation. No person now places any confi- 
dence in him: his fondest friends have almost ceased to hope 
for anything good or praisworthv from him. Ho now presents 
but a sorry wreck of the noble-looking young man that he was 
but a few years since. Yet he is full of projects, ever indulg- 
ing in some mental speculation or telling what he is going to 
O 



do; but he never does it. The fact is, he lacks application. 
That is his one great weakness; and the chances are that he 
will fritter his life away without accomplishing anything to 
cause his name to be remembered after he is gone. 

Boys, this magic quality, this philosopher's stone, this 
pre-requisite to success, is something that may be acquired. 
Make up your minds to stick to and follow up faithfully what- 
ever you undertake. No matter what may be your occupa- 
tion, give your best efforts to it. Cultivate self-reliance. 
Fear no honest labor. In the language of the Scriptures, 
"Whatsoever thy hand findetb to do, do it with thy might." 
Remember that "what man has done, man can do," that all 
things are possible to the brave and industrious, and though 
you may not have any extraordinary genius to aid you, the 
chances are that you will outstrip in the race of life many 
who possess the most brilliant natural endowments. "The 
race is not to the swift nor the battle to the strong." G. 

OOlSrGBTRATE THIS ZMZI^ID. 



THE superiority of some men over others in any branch of 
labor requiring the exercise of the mental powers, is 
owing principally to the command they have over their 
thoughts. If a man has the capacity to fasten his attention 
and concentrate his mind upon the work before him, he has 
an immense advantage over another whose thoughts are 
desultory and wandering. We see persons sometimes fre f . 
and hurry and bustle about in their anxiety to accomplish 
much, and yet never get a great deal done. While another, 
"with his wits about him," will not appear to make half the 
effort, and yet do double the amount of work. He strikes no 
false blows. Every stroke with him counts. He is able to 
concentrate his thoughts, and give his whole attention to his 
work. 

He who desires to succeed in his business needs to cultivate 
the sharpest attention. He must not go blundering about his 
work. He wants to nail a fact, once for all, the first time it is 
presented to the mind. This is more a matter of habit than 
of real mental difference. Children are allowed to form 
habits of inattention when told to do anything, and the habit 
clings to them in later years. Yet very much can be done to 
remedy the defect by making a suitable effort. You never 
forget a thing that you are keenlv interested in. If a man 
told you a certain street and number at which you were to 
call to receive the gift of a hundred dollars, you would not be 
likely to forget the place. It will be more than a hundred 
dollars in your pocket to have the habit of fixing facts in the 
memory the first time they are heard. It is often, wonderful 
to see the perfection one can attain to in this respect, even 
without the addition of a sixth sense for the purpose. It 
r quires practice and frequent repetition, but it is more useful 
than many tricks that people take infinite pains to learn. 

Robert Houdin and his son were accustomed to walk 
through the streets of Paris, and after taking a single glance 
at a shop window repeat all the objects they could remember. 
They would then walk back to verify their list. The son 
could name seventeen objects taken in at one glance. He 
also, in passing the door of a library he had never entered, 
was able, by a moment's glance, to repeat the names of 
twelve volumes and describe the position of two busts. 

A good writer has said, "Too much stress cannot be laid 
upon the fundamental importance of perfect command over 
thought. How many a student finds a lack of this cower the 
chief hindrance to progress! How many a page must be 



r 



Go~, 



< 




JTJTBNILE IUSTBUCTOR 




re read; bow many a lesson conned over and over to coaipen 
sate for lapses of thought! In the possession or absence of 
this power over mind lies the <hief diffeieme letwecn 
mental strength and mental weakness. Some men think as 
a child plays with a hammer, striking little blows here, there, 
anywhere, at any object within reach. The action of a 
strong mind may be compared to the stone breaker's sledge- 
hammer, dealing successively upon one spot till the hard 
rock cracks and yields. 

"The power to classify and arrange ideas in proper order is 
one that comes more or less slowly to even the best of minds. 
In proportion as this faculty is strengthened, desultory and 
wasted effort diminishes. When the mind acts, it acts to 
some purpose, and can begin where it left off without going 
over the whole ground again to take up the threads of its 
ratiocinations. Concentration and system are thus seen to 
be the chief elements in the art of thinking. To cultivate 
the first, constant watchfulness to detect the least wandering, 
and the immediate exertion of the will to call back and hold 
the mind upon the subject under consideration, should be 
vigilantly exercised. To secure the latter, the pract'ce of 
analyzing and considering the different parts of a subject, 
first separately and then in their relation to each other, is a 
discipline to which every young mind should be subjected, 
and which, we are sorry to say, is much neglected in most 
methods of instruction." 



.A. ZFOZR/rTTCTE IBY .A. IPTHST. 






A YOUNG French lad from the provinces, came down to 
the great City of Paris to seek his fortune. His mind 
was set on banking, and with a trembling heart he entered 
the cabinet of a celebrated Swiss banker, and modestly stated 
his errand, presenting his credentials. The gentleman assured 
him t^at all his offices were filled, and he was not expecting 
any vacancies. If he should reqnire his services at any 
future time be would communicate with him, but he gave 
him very small encouragement, and advised him to seek 
employment elsewhere. 

The youth walked away in a downca=t mood, and as he was 
crossing the pavement, his eyes thoughtfully bent upon the 
stones, he observed a pin which he stooped to pick up, then 
carefully placed it on the culf of his coat. The 1 anker 
noticed the movement, and instantly there flashel through 
his mind a picture of the youth's character. It told him 
more than his letter of recommendation about his habits of 
order and economy, and that evening he received a letter 
stating that a place was ready for him which he might take 
possession of the next morning. 

He rose rapidly by the force of his good business qualities 
to the position of cashier, partner, and then to the head 
of the largest banking bouse in Paris. This great Parisian 
banker, M. Linue, might appropriately have had a pin 
inscribed on his coat of arms, as it was that small article 
which laid the foundation ol his fortune. 

Quite as small things have many a time turned the tide of 
favor, either for or against a young man. A little act of dis- 
courtesy, a rough word to a poor apple- woman, perhaps a 
chance conversation on a street corner with some worthless 
associate, which happened to meet the eye of his employer, 
all these things have told seriously agatest a youn r man's 
prospects. 



Little deeds of kindness and gentleness, a respectful de- 
meanor towards age, and a kindly sympathy with those who 
are among the world's burden-bearers, never fail to meet 
with their reward. They commend one to favor both with 
God and man. Selected. 



OTT:R, CA^HSTYOHsr WATBES. 



BY J. L. ISAKFOOT. 



IN 1872, Bishop R. L Johnson, of Fountain Green, sent to 
the Deseret Museum a specimen of concretion which had 
formed on some wood by deposit from the waters of the 
canyon at that place. By information obtained from the 
Bishop, it appears that the con'cretion was about three years 
in foiming. It is about an inch thick. On one side it has 
the appearance of wood, and has been frequently mistaken 
for petrified wood, which it greatly resembles. This was 
former! on the wood of a flume, and looks like roughly sawed 
pine, in which the knot of the wood is perfectly represented. 
This side is, in fact, a cast or impression of the rough wood. 
It is not the first time this kind of foimation has been met 
with here, but the history of the artificial rock could not be 
so satisfactorily traced before. From City Creek Canyon, 
from Ogden CaDyon and from creeks which flow down from 
the Oquirrh mountains "petrifactions" have been sent which 
h ive turned out to be of similar origin, probably as they were 
merely casts of objects, or, as such things are called technically, 
calcareous tufas. Ou examination, all of these formations are 
found to consist chiefly of lime, with sand and fragments of 
organic matter entangled therein. Sometimes rocks arc 
cemented together in this manner. Even bones arc completely 
enveloped in the tufa and preset ved from atmospheric action. 
Many kinds of imitative forms may be found in our canyons 
that are formed on perishable organic matter that gradually 
decays and is removed. This Fountain Green flume has 
made its impress on the lime as perfectly as any seal could Le 
impressed on wax, and just as imperishably. 

As to the chemistry of these things, all depends on the 
waters from which they are deposited. If the water is turbid, 
the deposit will reveal the fact; for on dissolving it in dilute 
muriatic acid, the lime will dissolve out in time and leave the 
impurities as a sediment. On examining the sediment with 
a glass of high magnifying power, the nature of the impurities 
may be often detected. By testing, all the chemical properties 
of the water can be discoveied. The waters of Fountain 
Green not only contain lime to aid in the formation of bone, 
but they also bold some metals in solution, notably iron. 
This is a good thing, for iron is beneficial. It assists in giving 
fine, rosy blood to those who take it in reasonable quantities. 
So wo may conclude the bright eyes and ruby lips of the 
juveniles of Fountain Green are greatly indebted to the 
beautiful water of their canyon for these blessings: and that 
the aged need not trouble the doctor for "iron pills" to 
strengthen their constitutions, 

The more quietly and peaceably we get on the better— the 
better for our neighbors, [n nine cases out of ten the wisest 
policy is>, if a man cheats you, toquil dealing with him; if he is 
abusive, quit his company; if he slanders you, take care to livj 
so that nobody will believe him: no matter who he is, or how 
he misuses yon, the wisest way is to let him alone; lor there is 
nothing better than this cool, calm, quiet way of dealing with 
the wrong we meet with. 



h. 



Q^. 





30 



OTTT^IEasriLIE IITSTRUCTOB 




<fth$ Jfiu^nil^ pnstrudot;* 



GEORGE Q. CANXOX, EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1878. 

EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





CCASIOXALLY we hear boys in the 
stieet or at their games indulging in 
lauguage that they would be ashamed to 
utter at home in the hearing of their 
parents. Boys in our community are 
probably no worse in this respect than 
those of other parts, but vulgarity is 
altogether too prevalent among young 
people generally. We would like to see 
the boys of the Latter-day Saints set a 
better example before the world in this par- 
ticular. There is no reason why they should 
* not. Purity of expression is what they should 
^-f 1 \ all aim at. 
jpKL- Vulgarity in speaking is a habit that is 

fCp easiiy contracted, in fact, almost unconsciously. 
n». "All habits gather, by unseen decree?, 

jj.^. Asbr.«>ks make rivers, rivers run to seas." 

Lke most bad habits, too, it is more easily acquired than 

overcome. 
Those boys who indulge in profanity and vulgarity ameng 

their plavmates are probably not aware that the habit is 

likely to cliusr to them and affect them prejudicially all their 

lives. They do not know that the language of the street 

which they are now adopting will, in time, become^ their 

language of the family circle and business lite. That it will 

cause their society to be dunned rather than sought after by 

the refined and pure minded. But such are very apt to be 

the results. 

"'Tis education forms th<^ common mind: 
Just a- the twig is bent the tree's inclined." 
There is no lack of words in the English language to 
express all our thoughts and ideas. If we choose, we can 
select such as will not shock the ears of the most sensitive, 
and yet 1 e clear and forcible. If we indulge only in such, 
our language will commend us to the esteem of all whose 
estimation Is worth striving for. There is not the slightest 
excuse for any person to draw upon the low, vulgar slang ot 
the corner loafer or to use oaths for emphasis. 

There is a certain volubility and expressiveness about slang 
and vulgar language which commend them to the admiration of 
the unrefined and thoughtless, and, especially so to the 
impure minded person. To secure the admiration of others, 
they study and adopt -uch language, just as the public orator 
studies arid makes use of the finest figures of speech. Few 
persons would ever be guilty of profanity or vulgarity if they 
did not admire it in others, and expect by indulging in it 
themselves to be, in turn, admired for it. As a rule the 
conversation may be accepted as an index to the character. 
Vulgar language indicates a coarse and impure mind. Pro- 
fanity indicates depravity, irreverence and a lack of self 
respect. But this is not an invariable rule; a person may 
have a very high sense of morality and in every other respect 



be a well-meaning person, and yet, as before stated, almost 
unconsciously fall into the habit of indulging in vulgarity. 
One thing is certain, though, vulgar laneuage is apt to lead 
to impure thoughts, and then impure actions follow as a 
natural consequence. 

No young man or boy should ever use language at any time 
which he would be ashamed to use in the presence of his 
mother. 

No young lady or girl should ever indulge in language which 
would cause the blush of shame to mantle her cheeks if 
repeated in the presence of the young man in whose eyes, of 
all others, she would like to appear as perfection. 

We would not advise a young man to choose for a wife that 
girl who is not a? chaste iu her conversation at any time as 
when he is present. Nothing is moi calculated to shock the 
sensibilities ot a man an] make him ashauii d of Lis wife than 
vulgarity on her part. 

We would caution aD\- girl against marrying, or even keeping 
company with, any young man whose language under any eb- 
cumsanee is impure and vulgar. Wears toldin the scriptures 
that "out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." 
If a boy's language is unchaste, his morals are not likely to 
be the best. It he is ready to converse with his associates 
upon indelicate subjects; if his sentences are interlarded with 
vulgar epithets and sandwiched with oaths, he is not the boy 
to make a fit husband for a pure minded girl. 

We should 'keep our tongues from evil and our lips from 
speaking guile/' 



SOME mouths since the Deseret Sun. lay School Fnioa 
undertook the publication of a monthly series of cards 
containing songs set to mu-ie. The want of something of the 
kind has long been felt in our Sunday schools. Not that 
there is any scarcity of, or difficulty it obtaining the song 
published iu other parts of the world; but because 
these books contain erroneous sentini a tnd aie therefore 
not adapted to the wants of Latl r- ts. It is no new 

idea to teach children principle and i in songs. It is 

an established fact, acknowledged as long ago as when the 
tl e ancient writer said: 'Give me the writing of the ballads, 
anil you make the laws." Tn view of this fact, original songs 
expressing the sentiments of the Latter-day Saints were 
solicited by the officers of the Union. These songs were set 
to original music by Litter- Jay S.iiut composers, and for nine 
months past they have been issued for the use of Sunday 

scl Is or choirs, as they might wish to obtain ihem. Nine 

cards, containing eighteen tongs, arc now on hand. Many 
schools have not yet been supplied, and it is hoped that 
they will take immediate steps to obtain them. It was 
thought that if they were published at a cheap rate the 
schools would be induced to adopt them immediately, and 
abandon the imported books. Accordingly the price was put 
down to a cent and a half a card, or $1,50 per hundred — low 
enough to satisfy all. 

FarJs containing the "Articles of Faith'' of the Latter-day 
Saints have also been issued by the Union, with which the 
chidren of every Sunday School should be supplied. The 
price' of them is $1,00 per hundred. 

The efforts of the Fnion in thus catering for the wants of 
the people should meet with the hearty support of all Latter- 
day Saints. 

Orders for any of the publications of the Deseret Sunday 
School I "nion sent to the Juvenile Instructor Office will be 
promptly tilled. 





J" TJ "V El IN" I !_, JB2 INSTRUCTOR. 



31 



% 



THE POROUPIUE 






J ANY" of our readers are quite familiar with the appear- 
IX ance of the Porcupine found in this region, but here we 
have one of a different species, called the Crested Porcupine 
(Hystrix Cristata), which is found in Italy, Greece, Spain, 
Northern Africa and different parts of Asia. 

The family of Porcupines is divided into four genera — 
Porcupines Proper, the Prehensile Porcupines (or those 
which have the faculty of hanging by their tails) the Aula- 
codes, and the Mexican Porcupine. We shall describe that 
shown in the engraving, which will serve to characterize the 
whole genus. 

This Porcupine is one of the largest Rodents; its average 
total length exceeds twenty-four iuches. The principal 
features of its physiology, exclusive of its coat, arc very 
powerful upper incisors, short thick toes, furnished with 
strong claws, a large head bulging out in the frontal region, 
small eyes, short ears, a slightly split mouth, and thick-set 
shane, combined with an awkward and clumsy gait. 

The back, thishs, and rump of this animal arc covered 
with pointed quills from eight to nine inches long; these quills 
are annulated with black and white, and fixed to the skin by 
a pedicle. By means of the action of an enormous muscle, 
which moves at the will 
of the animal, th<~se can 
bristle up and radiate in 
all directions. Their tail 
is rudimentary, and is 
not, like the back, cover- 
ed with quills, but with 
entirely hollow, white 
tubes, which produce a 
sharp sound when they 
clash together. The muz- 
zle is furnished with long 
and strong whiskers; the 
head and neck are cover- 
ed with flexible hair, 
which is not prickly, but 
is sus"eptibie of standing 

on end. The hinder parts of the body are completely devoid 
of quills, and the hair is there moderately soft. Long hair is 
also found on the fore parts but it is intermixed with bustles. 

Under ordinary circumstances, the quills of the Porcupine 
lie close down on its body, and no one would suppose that at 
a moment's warning they could become formidable weapons. 
But let anger or fear seize upon the animal, and a whole 
forest of bayonets spring up. If assailed, the Porcupine 
turns its back to the enemy, and places its head between its 
fore-paws, at the same time uttering a hollow grunting noise. 
If the assailant will not be intimidated, the Porcupine 
endeavors to thrust its quills against the body of the foe. 
The wounds thus inflicted are much to be dreaded; fir not 
only are they difficult and tedious to cure, but frequently the 
detached barbs adhering in the flesh arc almost impossible 
to extract. 

The Porcupine is a shy, solitary, and nocturnal animal. It 
inhabits unfrequented localities, and hollows out deep burrows 
with several entrances. At night it comes forth to procure 
its food, which consists of herbs ami fruit, It docs not 
always hibernate, or lie torpid through the winter. The 

female brings forth three or four young I B once a year, and 

they are covered with quills from their birth. 




The fieah of the Porcupine is good food, with somewhat 
the flavor of pork. It is, doubtless, this similarity, and also 
the grunting noise which they make, to which it owes its 
name of Porcupine. 

The Sunda Islands possess a species of Porcupine which is 
distinguished from the preceding by a long tail. This is the 
Mallacca Porcupine, or Brush-tailed Porcupine. It is smaller 
thau the common species, and is found in Sumatra, Java, 
and Malacca. 

The scientific name for the Porcupine found in this region 
is the EretMzon Epixanthvs. It is characterized by long 
light-tipped hairs, which conceal the true quills. It difleis 
from the other described in having five instead of four toes 
on the hind feet, and also in having shorter spines. It is 
found as far south as New Mexico, and, some say, even 
beyond there. It is a climber, very voracious, savage and 
indocile. It will turn its back to a foe, and look shyly arouud 
for an opportunity to ,-tvike with the tail, that being its 
weapon. Dogs are nearly blinded if they attack one, and 
the spines are very difficult to remove. The wound in human 
beings causes a peculiar pain, which may be removed by the 
application of ammonia. There is a kind of disagre 
musky odor at out the Porcupine, like that of the opossum. 
There is a kind of Porcupine which inhabits Canada, and 

even extends south into 
-Northern Ohio, called the 
I rson, or "Erethizon 
Dorsatum," which usual 
ly inhabits pine for 
feeding principally on the 
bark of trees, and i 
is hollowed out un 
neath tic ir roots. When 
attacked, it draws it- l< 
lnic alh ii ■ 1 ody, -ets up 
its; quills, and lashes 

around with its tail. 
The Indians hunt i 

t', i sak i of its flesh, 

v, hich is good, and als) 
for its skin, from which 
they make cap-', after havirg plucked out the quills, which ar 
used by them for pins and for \ ai ions kinds of ornamentation. 



Hold on, Buys — Hold on to your tongue when you are 
ready to swear, lie or speak harshly, or use an improper weed. 
Hold on to your hand when you are about to punch, strike, 

-natch, -teal, or do any improper act 

Hold on to your foot when you are on the point of kicking, 
running off from Study, or pursuing the path of error, shame 
or crime. 

Hold on to your temper when vim are angry, excited or 
imposed upon, or other- are angry with you. 

Hold on to your heart when evil associates seek y,.ur com 

pain' and invite you to join in their mirth, games and revelry. 

Hold on lo you: lmuhI name at all times for it is of more 
value than gold, high places, or fashionable attire. 

Hold on to the truth; for it will servo you well, and do you 
g 1 throughout eternity. 

Hold on to virtue: it is above all price to you in all times 
and places. 

Hold on to your •. I character; for i( is and always will bo 

your best wealth. 




^'Q^'- 




32 



JTJYEITIIjEI iustruotob 




gravels itj, |(ndta* 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



( Continued. ) 



TWO Jays travel from the river Soane brought us to the 
river Ganges, opposite the city of Benares, which point 
we made in the night. We had to wait till morning to be 
ferried across the river, as- the boats were on the Benares 
side. 

When viewing this ancient city, atter sunrise, from the 
west, or opposite, side of the river, it presents a very pictur- 
esque appearance. The thousand steeples of the Hindoo 
pagodas, together with the numerous minarets of the Moham- 
medan mosques, interspersed with Chinese temples, all tower- 
ing far above the tall, closely packed buildings of the city, 
rendered the scene from a distance magnificent. 

As I have briefly described this city in a former chapter 
I will pass it by. 

• The freight, as usual, was transferred from the wagons to 
the ferry boats, leaving the wagons to return. On arriving 
on the Binares side we found other wagons waiting to receive 
the passengers and freight. After the wagons were loaded 
they were taken to the post office, situated at Secroie, three 
miles west of Banare-, at which place we arrived shortly after 
noon. On our arrival we learned that Seerole was a regular 
freight depot. All merchandise, etc., arriving from Bengal 
was unloaded, assorted and reloaded, and four wagons were 
despatched for the north-west every evening. The post 
master at this plaea was an European by the name of Stanton. 
A'! e did not lose much time in informing him that we were 
'Mormon" missionaries from Salt Lake City. He then 
inquired of us c-oneerning our doctrines. We briefly related 
to him the coming forth of this work. We said him a few of 
our standard works an 1 gave him a pamphlet explanatory of 
the first principles of the gospel. He advised us to tarry till 
next day, and, as the wagons were already loaded, he would 
give orders to have the merchandise stowed in one wagon 
with a view to our comfort. The nightwe laidoverat Seerole 
we had an empty wagon to>!e,qi in. This was a luxury. It 
was the first opportunity we had of stretching ourselves out 
for three we -k-. 

"V i- built on both sides of a stream called the Burnah 

Nuddee. It contains barracks for the European troops, ana 

lor 1 1 e Sepoys. It- cantonments are spacious and well 

arranged, capable of quartering four regiments. It contains 

also the civil establishments and dwellings of most of the 

European population of Benares. The residences of the 

Anglo-Indians are substantially built. They are surrounded 

dens, and everything planned with a view to 

m irt. The public buildings of Seerole consist of a church, 

\ a tre isury, a mint, a jail and court of justice. 
'I'll.' inhabitants of Benares are not a military but a religious 
The city -warms with religioU3 teachers, sacred bulls, 
beggars and devotees. The highest aspirations of a Hindoo 
is to wash in lie I June.- in front of the city, and to cite there. 
Oq different occasions the Hindoos have exhibited a spirit of 
discontent and disloyalty to the government, hence it has 
become necessary that a part of tbe East India Company's 




army be stationed at Secroie to guard Benares, and suppress 
any disorder that may arise. 

The next day we left Secroie for Allahabad. Mr. Stanton, 
the poituiaster, accommodated us by having a wagon loaded 
so as to give us ample room. We found the roads between 
Benares and Allahabad to be excellent. The bullocks were 
much larger and stronger than those we had before. Occa- 
sionally we had East India buffaloes to haul the wagons. 
They are powerful, awkward looking brutes, yet very docile. 
When traveling they carry their heads, which are very large, 
with the muzzle projecting straight forward. The horns, 
which are also large and a little compressed, with turned up 
points, lie back upan their shoulders. Their hide is brown, 
with hair thin, scattering and bristly. They are somewhat 
amphibious in their nature, for, as soon as they are released 
from, the yoke, they will plunge into the first water they come 
to, immersing themselves so that nothing but the head 
appears above the surface. They will continue in this state 
fur hours. Hundreds of them immerse themselves side by 
side in the water, leaving nothing but a row of heads to be 
seen. They will sometimes lie down in the water with their 
load, and envelop themselves in the mud as a protection 
against, insects. 

This part of the country was beautiful and inviting. There 
being a row of large treas on each side of the road, the dense 
foliage of which screened us, a portion of the time, from the 
rays of the sun. The birds, with their gay plumage, were 
flitting in the branches, cheering the weary travelers with 
their morning and evening songs. 

We were farfiom home, iuan inhospitable country; notwith- 
standing this, we never allowed our sprits to droop; for Israel's 
God was our God, and we were His servants. When we looked 
upon the majestic trees and the variety of beautiful birds, 
together with the many natural curiosities to be seen in India, 
we felt to praise our Heavenly Father; for all these were the 
workmanship of His hands.. 

The rains that we encountered while in Bengal, as we 
journeyed along, had not reached above Benares; hence the 
late crops were suffering from the effects of the drought, and 
the "ryots," or farmers, had recourse to different and rather 
novel modes of irrigation. To raise the water from the 
reservoirs, or tanks, on to the land where it was needed, a 
basket or scoop was used, made ot wicker work, covered with 
a substance making it water tight. Two strings were fastened 
to each side of the scoop and two "ryots" held a string in 
each hand, thus giving the scoop a pendulum motion. They 
threw the water into a hole higher up, where other two, 
similarly equipped, scooped it from there into the ditch leading 
to the land. They also draw water out of wells for irrigating 
purposes. They had two upright pieces of wood, with a 
cross piece, erected over the well, A pully being fastened to 
the cross piece, through which a rope was rove, one end of it 
being fastened to a large leathern bucket that would hold 
fioui twelve to fifteen gallons, and the other end hitched 
to a yoke of bullocks or cows which moved down an inclined 
plane, thus bringing the bucket to the top. It was then 
emptied into a spout which conveyed the water into the ditch. 
Another mode of raising water out of wells, for the refresh- 
ment of the fields, was by a very primitive-looking wheel, 
rudely constructed. It averaged from fifteen to twenty feet in 
width, and the same in diameter. A wall of masonry was 
built on either side of it. A rope was fastened around the 
circumference of the wheel, to which was fastened "chatties," 
or leathern pots, close logether. As the wheel revolved it 




^ 



JITVENILB IFSTRUCTOR. 



33 




dipped in the water, filling the "chatties," which, when they 
reached the top, were emptied into a flume, carrying the 
water into the ditch. This rude piece of machinery was kept 
in motion by a yoke of bullocks attached to a beam or lever, 
turning round similar to a bark or molasses mill. 

The Latter-day Saints, here in Utah, sometimes think it 
a great task to have to make ditches and canals to convey the 
water to their crops; but how would we feel if we had to 
irrigate our parched fields and gardens iu the slow, laborious 
manner I have described ! We are blessed with a country 
where the mountain streams can be conveyed on to the rich 
soil of the valleys without the use of the scoop, leathern 
bucket or wheel. 

There is one feature, however, about Hindoostan agriculture 
which we might adopt with profit, that is the building of 
large tanks and reservoirs in favorable locations in which to 
save the water from the season when it is plentiful until a 
scarcity arises. By this means, many late crops, which would 
otherwise suffer, might be matured, and thousands of acres 
of land could be reclaimed and fertilized which to-day is 
barren. 

One and three quarter days' journey from Secrole brought 
us to the Ganges, opposite the city of Allahabad. 
I To be Confirmed. ) 



I 2sT ID X A. IST CUSTOMS 



BY J. Z. STEWART. 



ON the 9th of March, 1STT, Brother Trejo and I visited a 
little town called San Xavier, which is situa'ed on the 
Santa Cruz River, nine miles south of Tucson, the former 
capital of Arizona (Preseott is now the capital. ) 

San Xavier is the agency of the Papago Indians, and there are 
two large villages of them there. The reason ih.tt there aro 
two villages is lhat they are divided in their religious belief, 
those of one village being believers in iviontezuma, while 
the others are Catholics. Those who are Catholics live near 
by an old Jesuit temple, and the priests tell the Indians that 
the ground in the vicinity is holy. The believers in Monte- 
zuma say they will not live on that ground, and have built their 
village about a half mile to the west of the Catholic village. 

This t3rnp!e is a very fair specimen of the Jesuit temples of 
Mexico, and is in a tolerably good state of preservation, con- 
sidering its age. The old Indians say that when the Jesuits 
were among them all the Indians worked for them, and that 
they went three times each day to the cook-house, where food 
was handed out to them, and that, with a little clothing, was 
all they got. 

In the evening, after our arrival, we called on the governor, 
who is a very large and wealthy Indian, and explained to him 
through an interpreter a few things relative to and contained 
in the Book of Mormon. 

The next morning we learned that there would be a dance, 
on that day, for the benefit of their sick, so wo concluded, as 
it was a public affair, that we would go and look on. 

Preparations were made quite early in the morning, by cleat 
ing off the grass and smoothing a space of ground, perhaps 
sixty or eighty feet square. 

A number of posts were then set up in a square, around 
which cotton cloth wis stretched, forming a kind of corral, six 
or eight feet high, having a narrow door or opening in the 
east end. The sick were then brought and laid on the outside, 



about six feet from the enclosed portion and a few feet apart. 
The dancers were young men and boys, about twenty in num- 
ber, and were arranged with reference to their bight, and 
in a straight line, tapering from the tallest to the shortest. 
These were all naked except from the waist to about half way 
down to the knees. Their bodies and legs were dotted al ' 
over with white spots about the size of, or a little larger than , 
a silver dime. Each one had on a mask made from a gourd, 
and a long staff, rudely ornamented, which he held out in 
front of him with both hands, moving it up and down, as if 
keeping time, while they were singing or dancing. 

There was one who was a little clownish in his actions, and 
he was very peculiarly dres=ed. He had, in connection with 
his mask, a head dress of hawk and turkey feathers, and two 
horns. He also had a namber of large cow bells fastened 
around his waist. He seemed to be the manager of the 
dance. 

By the time the dmcers were ready, the Indians of both 
villages, several hundreds in number, had gathered and were 
sitting or lying around on the ground at various distances, 
from a few feet to a hundred yards, from the clearing, and the 
dancers were inside the enclosure. 

At a signal from the bell-man, the dancers commenced sing- 
ing and dancing. After a little they marched around in the 
enclosure a few times and then outside and around it once, 
when they halted on the outside, continuing their singing and 
keeping time. 

The singing on this occasion was a little different from that 
of other occasions; but they kept most excellent time both in 
singing and with their feet. They were surely well trained to 
the business. 

The bell-man was their guide, or, in other words, they were 
governed by the sound of his bells. They frequently paused 
for a moment, somewhat as we do in observing the rests in 
music, and, without any guide that we could see except the 
bells, observed the exact time. Every once in awhile they 
would march around the enclosure passing by the sick persons. 
All this while the sick were watching their movements with 
apparently much interest. At lengrh the tallest of the dan- 
cers commenced at the nearest sick person blowing into his 
mouth, and continuing so on with all, being followed by the 
rest of the dancers, the bell-man being th? last one to go 
around. The sick drew in the healthy breath of the dancers, 
apparently expecting to receive health from it. Alter all had 
gone around they resumed their singing and dancing as before, 
for a while. They then commenced ami went around as before; 
lut this time they did not blow into the mouths of the ci.-k, 
but rubbed their bodies with their hands. Then followed 
dancing and singing as before. The next time they went 
around they rubbed the sick with the canes or sticks they had 
in their hands. The bell man had a Ian, or wing of a large 
bird, with which he then rubbed them from the bead down, 
and on reaching the hands and feet, lie would walk oil' a hit 1 !' 
distance and motion as if he were thrcwing something off his 

tan, at the same time shaking his head at it. ordering it off, 
sometimes stamping bis foot at il angrily and going through 
various motions, as if he were driving something away from 
the Bick person. This was continued all day without cessation. 

It appeared to us that the heat of the sun to which they 
were exposed would almost be sufficient to use up the sick, 
but they have faith that the dance will cure them, and I 
expect that in some instances they do realize benefit from it- 

I asked them if those dances cured them, and they said 
"sometimes it did and sometimes it did not.' 



£> 



'G^. 




-> ^> 34= 



JTJVBliriLB IHSTSTZE^UOTOIR, 



r 



When any of their nauiber die they carry theui off a short 

distance from the village and cover them up with rocks. 

When we were there the odor from the dead bodies was very 

..<• .able, and 1 think it had the effect of bringing disease 

among them. 

Ex-Governor Safford has felt a great interest in the Papago 
Indians, and has tried to induce the in to live together as the 
whites do, but, after several councils on the subject, their 
leading men decided that it was not best for them to do so, 
"F ir," said the old chief, "those who live like the whites or 
M xicam,die off soon Their young men and young wi men, 
and even children, die; but, when we follow our former customs, 
we live, and so do our young men." 

They are great foot-racers, and seem to take great delight 
in i r . When rating, they generally strip tVemselves of nearly 
everything, and run for several miles. They do not seem to 
run to determine which can go fastest, but rather to see which 
can run the farthest. When they start off on a race there 
are generally from ten to twenty of all sizes who run in the 
rare, and they run from two to ten miles, generally not les 
than five miles. Two of the number take the lead, having 
wooden foot-balls which they kick along in front of them as 
they run, and the others do not try to pass them, but merely 
to keep up. 



THE 



GOSPEL 
CIPLES 



P^RIIST- 



BV DANIEL 



N 




BAPTISM. 

i itisra. Perhar-g 

rea rs will be surp learn that a 

nions exisl among the so-called Christians of 

o only as to the mode, but as t f > the object, or 

intent, of baptism. 

Some hold that it is a mere outward sign of inward grace, 
ie administered by any one who thinks, from some 
sion of the mind, that he is called to preach, no matter 
- propi r mthority or not. 
cepl the Latter-day Saints, who will 
admit thai it. has anything to do with people's salvation. 
There are many wh > have no other baptism than sprinkling a 
Utile water in the candidates' faces, which is generally when 
they are infants. There are different churches who do this. 
Anothi is for the candidates to kneel down in the 

water, or it a meeting house, and have water poured on their 
b ilieve in being immersed once with their 
t'j-f- upwards, others three times, face downwards, while 
others discard all baptism except that of the Holy Ghost. 
Some do not believe that baptism or any other outward ordin- 
ance is essential to salvation. In fact, I believe all, or nearly 
ept the Campbellites, or Christian Baptists, look upon 
baptism and all other outward forms as having nothing to do 
with salvation. 

The I! i"k of Mormon tells us that those who baptize infants 
are in the gall of bitterness and tb" bonds of iniquity, and 
have cause to repent; because such little children are in a 

state of salvation already, an 1 n I no baptism. It also tells 

us that baptism is for the remission, or forgiveness, of sins; 
and that little children have no sins to be baptized for. 

The Lord, in a revelation to .Joseph Smith, .'aid that all of 
the spirits that took bodies in this world were innocent and 



pure before Him until they became old enough to know right 
from wrong, or good from evil. Then, if they sinned, know- 
ingly, they were guilty before Him; but Dot until then. 

When some little children went up to Jesus, our great Re- 
deemer, upon one occasion, His disciples thought a great man 
like He was would not like to be troubled with them; but He 
said "Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them 
not; for of such is the kingdom of heaven." Again He said, 
"Except ye become as a little child, ye can in no wise enter 
the kingdom of heaven." Hence, you see, it is plain that 
they have no sins to be forgiven, and need no baptism. 

•lesus taught very differently from what most religious 
people, except Latter-day Saints, teach in these days. A 
devout man, a religious ruler of the Jews, once came to Jesus 
by night, to find out what he should do to be saved. Jesus 
told him he must be born again, or he could not see the kingdom 
of God. He thought it very strange, and asked .Jesus to 
explain what He meant. Then He said "Except a man be 
born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into tie 
kingdom of God." 

I understand the birth first spoken of to mean a change of 
heart, which usually follows the preaching of the gospel, 
before repentance or baptism. For instance, your parents 
wdl tell you that when they conversed with the Elders, or 
heard them preach, the gospel appeared plain; and when they 
read the Bible then they could understand it as they never 
under.-tcod it before. They could see the beauty of the 
organization of the Church, with apostles, prophets, helps, 
gifts, etc. Receiving this reflection of light, I understand, is 
being "born again," in the sense implied by the Savior. It is 
s leing the kingdom and the way to enter it, which, as we have 
already shown, is by being born of water and of the spirit, or, 
in other words, by being immersed in water and receiving the 
Holy Ghost. 

if there was no other s ripture to prove that immersion 
was right, this would be sufficient, as a person could not be 
born of water, unless he were first buried in it. 

Before Jesus was crucified, He chose and ordained twelve 
apostles, some quorums of seventies, etc. He told His apos- 
tles to go into all the world, and preach the gospel to every 
creature; that those who believed and were baptized should 
be saved, while those who did not believe should be damned. 
Hence you see it was just as necessary that thev should be 
baptized as it was to believe; for they must do both if they 
would be saved. They were also promised certain gifts and 
powers if they would believe and obey the gospel. But we 
will talk more about these gifts hereafter. The apostle Paul 
tells the former-day Saints that they were buried with Christ 
in baptism. This is very plain; they were buried in water, 
like burying a corpse, in the grave. In fact, he compares it 
t) Christ being covered up in the tomb, where He was 
completely shut in, and coming out after the angel rolled the 
great stone from the door. 

Baptism follows repentance, and is for the remission of 
sind. Peter taught this doctrine on the day of Pentecost. 



It is very true that precepts are useful, but practice and 
imitation go far beyond them; hence the importance of 
watching early habits, that they may be free from what is 
objectionable; and of keeping before our mind, as much as 
possible, the necessity of imitating the good and the wise. 
Without settled principle and practical virtue, life is a 
desert. 





J TT "VIE IN" I LIE IUSTBUOTOB 



35 



ptriosHiegi in jtiumai^ Jlfoo 



(Continued.^ 



MANY of the ancient customs of the Eastern nations, 
connected with the preparing and eating of their food, 
have fallen into disuse. Id some particulars, however, the 
customs of the present inhabitants are identical with those in 
vogue in the clays of the ancient prophets and later apostle?. 

It was formerly, and is yet, considered necessary to wash 
the hands before and after partaking of a meal. (Mark vii 3). 

It was usual in the days of the Savior for a party at dinner or 
supper to eat from one dish, each dipping in his fingers, or 
sopping his bread in its contents (See Matt. xxvi. 2?>). This 
custom still prevails. Occasionally, however, several dishes 
are placed upon the tray, around which the party is seated, 
in which case they help themselves to any or all of them as 
they choose. No knives or forks are used; the thumb and 
first two fingers of the right hand serve for these, except 
when soup, rice or something of the kind is eaten, when 
spoons are sometimes used. It is generally allowable to use 
both hands when occasion requires, in eating, but many of 
the Arabs will not allow the left hand to touch the food in 
any case, that being reserved for unclean purposes. To pick 
out a. delicate morsel and hand it to another is considered 
polite (John xiii. 26). 

Although, as a rule the Egyptians are moderate eaters, on 
ions of feasts they sometimes indulge to great excess. 
The following account of an Egyptian dinner is given by Dr. 
Kl inzinger, a German writer and traveler: 

"A basket containing round flat cakes cut in two, sufficient 
in number to satisfy a company of twice the size it they were 
to get nothing but bread and water, is now brought in, and 
the cakes are placed round the tray, which is not covered 
with a table-cloth. A cup-bearer passes round carrying a 
water-bottle on his arm; there is also a servant whose duly 
it is to sweep away the vermin. The guests arrange them- 
selves on a carpet round the tray, usually in companies of 
from ten to twelve, never thirteen. A servant goes round 
to each guest with a vessel of water, and all wash their hands, 
or at least have water poured over the tips of the fingers of 
their right hand. They all theu 1 ly their napkins across their 
knees, and turn up their right sleeve. The left hand hangs 
down by the side, and is kept dry for use in drinking or for 
other incidental purposes. 

"A large bowl of soup being ser/ed, the host, after squeez- 
ing into- it the juice of some green lemons or citrons, the siz : of 
walnuts, and pronouncing the word 'bismillah' (in the name 
of God), dips his wooden spoon into the bowl, and is followed 
by all the other guests. In traversing the distance between 
the common dish and the month many a drop and solid frag- 
ment fall Upon the table and the fakes of bread. In the Wi 11- 
spi e 1 soup lies a bit of boiled meat or a fowl, which the mas- 
ter of the ho ase now takes out, and oilers in pieces to his 
guests. They show, however, no great relish for it; for 
aln-ady a colossal breast of mutton stuffed With chopped flesh, 
onions, rice, raisins, almonds, and hazel-nuts, is beheld in the 
hands of a servant in the I ackground. Scarcely is it placed 
on the metal plate when all the twelve guests fall upon it with 
their right hands. Each tears off a poire of the flesh, which 
has been first boiled soft and then roasted. Where it is found 
rather tough two guests sitting opposite one another begin 



pulling at the same piece until it gives way. In a few min- 
utes the breast-bone is stripped of flesh, and the precious 
stuffing lies dispersed over the dish, from which the diners 
convey it to their mouths by means of wooden spoons. This 
practice of all eating out of one dish in common, and using 
the hands in doing so. usually appears to Europeans one of 
the most barbarous usages of the East. Vet the same prai 
rice wa? followed by the ancient Egyptians, who were a peo- 
ple of refined and formal manners, as well as by the Jews. 
To the Oriental, on the other hand, it seems barbarous in 
Europeans not to wash their i ore and alter eating. 

"The breast of mutton serves asa foundation, and . 
by a number of trifli ;, such as i 

and onion sauces with smal among 

the ancients, small legs of i utton These are 

brought in on . i I 

get either by dipping a piece ol or by 

forming a soit of pi . with his piece of br to be 

able to seize on some ol contei of dish. 

Some farinaceous artiel , roasted mac iron), vermicelli, oi 
pastry now appears. We ha seen perha] 

different dishes. Our appettire is queuched, and after the 
farinaceous course w rise; bit we haven t ev> u 

y c t reached the beginning ol iddle of the banquet. 

Dish still follows d mating with farina- 

ceous preparations. The master ol the house offers us, with 
exclamations of delight, a fowl's leg prepared with quite 
extraordinary skill. The hei i encourage us to 

eat, offering choice morsels to us as well as to one another; 
but the climax is reached with ■: tart. The whole of 

the worshipful circle of goun ids salute its entry wiih a 

delighted Ah! How • - lie imbedded in the 

deep pie di.-h. The use of knives to cut it up is forbidden, 
but the host digs out a great hole with his fingers, whereupon 
all the guests plunge in thi i: fingers at the breach an 
out fragments of the firmly bulled compositi n, until the 
whole artistic structure falls in ruins. 

"We have now sti gl I at the middle of the 

banquet. The small plates again appear, and gratify our 
palate with a continually ascending scale of excellence and 
sweetness. Greailj do we reeret having so soon spoiled ou'- 
appetite. We are becoming giddy with our exertions, but 
we are not yet at the end; for a huge, massive, and juicy 
roast still remains to be vanquished. Even experienced 
guests, who have prepared themselves for the sumptuous 
repast by fasting from ei rlj morning, and have cautiously 
climbed up step by step, sit despairing and exhausted before 
this object of Titanic magnitude. The company at last hasten 
towards the close of the repast. Several plates now offered 
are mercile sly rejech I and the pilau of steamed rice, which 

invariably concludes the feast, is placed on the table along 

with a i ling, sweet, rose-scented jelly. Toorownthe whole, 

the gue is now take a gooil supply of this delicate prepa- 
ration into their well crammed paunches, and then each after 
the other rises with a 'Thank God' and makes his way as 
quickly as possible to the washing-vessel. The host is the 
last to rise, as he was the first to make the attack." 
( To be Continued. ) 




-++- 



A coeerful temper, joined with innocence, will make beauts 
attractive, knowledge delightful, and wit good-natured. It 
will lighten sickness, poverty, and affliction; convert igno- 
rance into an amiable simplicity, and render deformity itself 
agreeable. 



n 



Go-. 




N 36 



JXJYE1TILE HTSTBTJOTOB 




SAORAME1TTAL _=_: "_T ___: __T . 



Words by Geo. Manwaring. 



Music by E. Beesley. 




'Tis 



sweet to sing the matchlesslove Of Him who left His home above And 

ffUff-_-ffL:p-_ 1 _-ff-_-ff--jffl_-ffl__^_*_ - l^3_jffl 

— — _» — <m — a m- 



came to earth — ; 

-_-|S__ 



-A— _> 3— !_>-!• — 19 — i 3 — K»— V — W— I — k» — » — _> W— -I £■— W— l- — R — _>_»* — I— l_> — H» — l_» » 




:P; 



-8Bl- 






CHORUS. 

a^__]_:_^_r_^'_~_l~p_x~ 






:P_=:g 



-4=*=, 



$=P 



Twas Jesus died on Cal - va - ry, That 

S— t^-t p_t___r£____c_ S---S— fl- S — I— P — ff~!_:— p_ p — «» — _> — _> — _» — 3 
___: iE____£__E:!_E_E fe^F— E— E- R : ^— H r ^=^= p__ p~F--t___-ti»— [=___! ? 1 



wondrous plan — To suf - fer, bleed and die for 

r> ^ 0** _, m 

-•- a ._ _, I «»- -P -* -->- ' _i . r — - ^» 

- — ■= — 49 — P — P — i — 0> m — I 1 1 — I "-—i — a- -a — n — 1» — ■ — a, — _> — P — « 

-»* — W9 — _> — I— I — 




.* i t_«____e*« ___<>_. 



_*< 
st. 



:=fq-r=|— ;-=C_3z_i_q_=i__ 



f3-p.xP. 



all thro'Him might ransomed be 

■P 
:t: 

:t: 



— *=p=p-p=q- 



__== 



P-B=.*i 



Then sing ho-san-nas 

J_ so — __ 1 <*p _. 



- — WF — --j 



_» 



to His name:Let heaven and earth his love 
1 -, -«• -P -P •<»- -P -* 

& — I 1 — 10 — _» — ' 1 i— i— 



pro - claim._ 
*._-__^7^ 






-£_;__-_.: 



1= 1— j 3=g±3Tg±gn 



: Tis sood to meet each Sabbath day, 
And in His own appointed way, 
Partake the emblems of His death, 
And thus renew our love and faith. 



Oh, happy hour! communion sweet! 
"When children, friends, and teachers meet, 
And in remembrance of His grace, 
Unite in sweetest song of praise. 



S TJ __T ID .A. IT LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON LXVII. 




Q. — "Whose funeral sermon dii the prophet Joseph preach on 
the 7th of April. 1844? 

A.— Elder King Folletfs. 

Q.— How long did the conference that commenced on the Cth 
of April continue? 

A.— Five days. 

Q. — "What great truth did God reveal to Joseph, and he to the 
Saints during thi nference? 

A. — That the whole of North and South America was the land 
of Zion. 

Q. — "What important business was done? 

A. — Elders were called to visit and preach in every State in 
the Union. 

Q. — Who became one of the leading apostates about this time? 

A.— "William Law, who had been one of Joseph's counselors. 

Q.— How did he become an apostate? 

A. — By giving way to sin, and losing the spirit of God. 

Q. — "When did the apostates meet to try and establish a new 
church? 

A.— On Sunday, April 28th, 1844. ' 

Q. — "Where did they meet? 

A. — At the house of "Wilson Law. 

Q- — "When did the apostates begin to publish the newspaper 
called the "Nauvoo Expositor?" 

A.— On the 7th of June, 1844. 

Q. — "Who were the chief supporters of this paper? 

A. — Those who had once been leading Elders of the Church. 

Q. — "Why did these men turn enemies to the Church? 



A. — Because they had given way to wickedness, and had to 
be cut off from membership. 
Q. — "What did they publish in this paper? 
A. — All manner of abuse of Joseph Smith and the Saints. 



The answer to the Charade published in No. 1 is Sugar; 
house is also a correct answer, though not the one intended by 
the author. We have received solutions from Alice J. Thomp- 
son, Maggie Thompson, Richmond; Peter Madsen, Gunnison; 
Ellen Hinchcliff, Ogden; William G. Brewer, Henneferville; 
Jane C. Johnson, Wm. H. Laws, Johnson; Hattie Clough, 
Cohoes, N. Y.; Daniel Smith, Josiah Burrows, H. J. Wallace, 
W. R. Wallace, F. J. W. Hewlett, Salt Lake City. 

J~CT^V"ElSriXjEl IZTSTZR/TTO-OOIR, 
Is Published in Salt Luke City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, ______ EDITOR. 



TEEMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County, 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^s_~Office, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 




