
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKK CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 18G9. 



NO. 8. 



BETHIjIBHEiiyC 




BETHLEHEM, tlie liirtliplace of Jesus, lies about sis miles 
to the south of Jciusaleiu. It is one of the most ancient 
cities in the world. Its liistory commences with the mournful 
death and burial of Rachel, the wife of Jacob, and the mother 
of Joscidi and Benjamin. Near this city she died and was 
burii:d, and her tomb is shown to the passinj; traveler to this 
day. It was in this city that Boaz dwelt, and in his fields near 
by, Ruth gleaned the golden grain and found favor in his eyes. 
At its gate, where the elders sat, he claimed her as his wife, 
when her 
nearest kins- 
man refused 
to take her 
and fulfill the 
law. Here 
she became 
the mother of 
Obed, whose 
son .lesse was 
the father of 
the fcarlrss 
and i'aitliful 
youth, who, 
at the tender 
age of seven 
teen, was a- 
nointed by 
the prophet 
Samuel to li 
king of Is- 
rael. ^A' 1 
speak of I'a- 
vid, who J I - 
ring a short 
absence from 
this, his na- 
tive city, 
slew the 
giant Goli- 
ath ofGath, 

and, for a time, delivered his coun rymen Irom the thraldom of 
the Philistines. Rut some few years after these Iocs of ancient 
Israel captured Bethlehem, and L'avid had to flee and hide 
himself in the caves of the earth. 

As interesting as these incidents in the lives of the ancien' 
worthiis render Bethlehem, they all give place to that one 
event which makes its name immortal. Here was born Jesus 
Christ, the Savior of the world. We explained in our last num- 



P^ 





ler Low his birth came to pass in this city and not in Nazareth 
— it was the city to which Joseph and Mary belonged as the de- 
scendants of Boaz and David. Here they came to be taxed. 
The city was crowded with like visitants; the inns were full, no 
house room could be hired; Joseph had to find shelter for him- 
self and Slniy in a stable. In such a spot ''the only begotten 
Son of God" was born. Some few hundred years afterwards 
the empress Helena, the mother of the Roman emperor Con- 
stantine, claimed to have found this exact stable, and built a 

large reli- 
gious edifice 
over the spot. 
This large 
building is 
pla nly pic- 
tured in our 
en graying, 
and looks 
more like a 
fortress than 
a church. 
It is called 
the Convent 
and Church 
of the Na- 
tivity, (na- 
tivity means 
birth) and is 
said to be 
the oldest 
Chris ti a n 
edifice in the 
world. It is 
about 120 
feet long and 
110 broad. 
It is divided 
into a central 
nave and two 
side. aisles 

by rows ol m;irljle columns, said to have belonged to the porches 
of Solomon's temiile at Jerusalem. The building is neglected 
and falling into ruin, the pavement is broken, and altogether 
very much oui of repair. It is bcseigcd with swarms of noisy 
dealers in cros.ses, relics, beads, etc., the carving of such b^ing 
(he principal business of the present inhabitants of Bethkhem, 
all of whom claim to be Christians and arc generally allowed t J 
be a verv turbulent set of fello.vs. 




^ 



\^- 



58 



Cr TJ "^ E liT I H. El in^STI^TJGTOI?., 



The great objects of attraction in the building are the sacred 
grottoes underground. An iron door leads to the chapel of 
the nativity, a low vault he\Vn in the rock. On one side is a 
small recess, into the pavement of which is let a silver star, 
with the following words in Latin inscribed around it: "Here 
Jesus Christ was born of the Virgin Mary." Sixteen silver 
lamps suspended around the star are constantly kept burning. 
The whole vault is overlaid with marble and paintings, gold 
and silver, silk and embroidery; but very little to remind us 
that this represents a place once a stable. 

Three convents, belonging to the Greeks, Latins and Arme- 
mans, join the Church of the Nativity, and altogether form a 
very imposing pile of buildings. 

It was in Bethlehem that the magi from the east came 
and laid their offerings before the infant Jesus and worshiped; 
from here also Joseph, warned in a dream, fled with his family 
to Egj-pt, whilst the tyrant Herod caused the children of Beth- 
lehem to be put to death, hoping by that means to destroy 
Him who had been prophesied of as "the king of the Jews.'" 
In this cruel massacre many thousand innocent infants were 
cruelly murdered, many a mother was left childless, and weep- 
ing and wailing was heard through all the city. Yet the object 
was not accomplished, the Savior still lived to fuliill his glorious 
mission, the redemption of the world and the salvation of 
mankind. How foolish it is for men to strive to fight against 
the decrees of God. Jesus indeed became King of the Jews, 
butnotas Herod had feared, while thelatterdiedmiserably.with 
a sea of innocent blood to bear witness against his guilty spirit 
in the great hereafter. "A murderer hath not eternal life 
abiding in him." 



THE STOI?.3r OIF 
Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

[CONTINUED.] 






THE Americans were in possession at this time of a strongly 
fortified post about fifty miles up the Hudson River, in 
the midst of the Highlands at West Point, where the celebrat- 
ed military academy of the United States now stands. The 
river at this part of its course flows through a very narrow 
channel, winding its way, with many sudden curves and turn- 
ings, among the wildest scenery, with lofty mountains close to 
its banks, whose precipitous sides descend to the very margin 
of the water. In a word, the situation of West Point was 
such that it commanded what might be considered a mountain 
pass, and was in some sense the key to the whole interior of 
the tountry. 

Arnold, after baving'formed a secret understanding with the 
British general in command at New York, that he was to be 
the means of procuring for him some great advantage over the 
Americans, for which he was afterward to be properly reward- 
ed, contrived, by a great deal of maneuvering, to get himself 
appointed to the command of this post. His command includ- 
ed West Point, and several other posts connected with it, and 
depending upon it. His plan was to betray the whole into the 
hands of the British general. It would, of course, be a great 
prize to them, for it would enable them to command the whole 
river. Besides, there was a very large amount of stores and 
ammunition deposited at West Point, and these would, of course, 
fall into the hands of the British when the fort was surrendered 
to them. 

The name o*" the British general who commanded at New 
York was Sir Ilenrj^ Clinton. 



The English not only hud possession of New York itself at 
this time, but they also held a considerable portion of the coun- 
try up the river on both sides. Along the northern boundary 
of the land which they thus \ eld they had guards stationed to 
prevent people from passing to and fro, and to give notice in 
case the Americans were approaching. This frontier was called 
the British lines. In tlie same manner, the southern border 
of the land which the Americans held was protected by a guard, 
and was called the American lines. Between the American 
and British lines was a tract of country, not very wide, which 
belonged to neither side. This was called the JS'eutral Ground. 

Of course, in carrying on his correspondence with tiir Henry 
Clinton in New York, Arnold was obliged to get his letters con- 
veyed in some way or other across botu the American and Brit- 
ish lines, and also over the Neutral Ground, or «lse send them 
down the river. The way he managed to send and receive these 
letters without suspieioa was through a man named Colonel 
Beverly Robinson. 

Robinson had lived before this time in a pleasant country 
house nearly opposite to West Point, on the eastern side of the 
river; but when the ReTolution broke out he had joined the 
British, and had gone to New York, and his kouse had been 
confiscated. Arnold made this place his head -quarters. It 
was just across the river from West Point, audit was, moreover 
very central and convenient of access to the other places that 
were under Arnold's command. 

Now one way in which Arnold contrived to pass his letters to 
and fro between himself and Robinson was under pretense that 
he was negotiating with him in respect to the restoration of 
his property, which, Robinson contended had been unjustly 
confiscated. 

Another way by which the letters were some times passed Was 
by means of a sloop-ot-war, which Clinton sent up the river as 
high as she dared go for this very purpose. The name of this 
sloop was the Vulture. The Vulture ascended until she came 
to a narrow place not very far from the entrance to the High- 
lands, opposite to a point on the eastern bank of the river 
called Teller's Point. She remained there some days, and 
many of the negotiations were carried on through her aid. 

I'he correspondence which Arnold carried on with Sir Henry 
Clinton through the Vulture and through Robinson was, ot 
course, very brief indeed, and very vague and indefinite in its 
t rms. It would have been exceedingly dangerous to have 
written a full account of his plan, for all attempts to communi- 
cate across the lines were watched very closely, and Arnold 
knew perfectly well tliat it he were detected in these plots there 
would not be any mercy shown him, but that he would immedi- 
ately be hung. 

He would not, therefore, enter at all into details in respect 
to his plan, but said that Sir Henry Clinton must send one of 
his officers up the river to confer with him in person. He 
w^.uld appoint a secret place of meeting, he said, and so 
communicate verbally the precise proposals that he had to 
make. 

The British general acceded to this plan, and appointed a 
young ofl^cer named Major Andre to go up the river to the 
Vulture, in expectation that Arnold would come and meet him 
there. It would be an extremely hazardous thing for Andre 
to land, since, by the laws of war, any officer of an army who 
goes within the enemy's lines under any pretext whatever, 
unless he obtaini poimission beforehand, and is protected 
by a flag of truce, is always considered a spy, and is always 
hung. 

Andre, however, who was a very ardent and enthusiastic 
young man, was very ready to go into any danger that it might 
be necessary to incur in order to accomplish the object. So ho 
set out for the Vulture. He went by land up to Uobbs's Ferry. 



!5 



^ 



0" TJ ^ E IsT 1 31. E IlNrSTI?.-CrOTOI?.. 



59 



-xj 



Arnold had obscurely promised that a boat should come down 
from him to the Vulture that night, and Andre supposed that 
Arnold himself would come in her, anci thus that the interview 
would take place on board the Vulture. 

But this was not Arnold's plan. He left West Point in the 
evening, and went down the river to the house of a certain 
Joshua Smith, who was an accomplice of his, or else his dupe, 
it is not certainly known which. It is on the west side of the 
river, a little below a place called Stony Point, where there is a 
ferry leading across to Verplanck's Point. Smith's house was 
not a great way above the place where the Vulture was lying; 
perhaps about five miles. 

(To be Continued.) 



33<^^'9 = 



fiapaiilu. 



IP i^ o IP la: E T . 



TIEHB 




OU will see that a very marked difference 
existed between the views of Joseph and 
those of John C. Calhoun. The lattter 
was the foremost advocate in the nation of 
States Rights. As he told Joseph, he 
looked upon the Federal Government as 
one of limited and specific powers. Ac- 
cording to his theory it could not interfere 
with, much less coerce, a State. The States 
were sovereign in their sphere. His views, 
expressed in a speech in the Senate, were that; 
" The Constitution is a compact to which the 
States were parties in their sovereign capacity; 
now, whenever a contract is entered into by par- 
ties which aclinowledge no tribunal above their 
authority to decide iu the last resort, eacli of them 
has a right to judge for itself the nature, extent, and 
obligations of tke instrument." 

It is evident (hat such a doctrine destroj's the very 
basis of the Federal Constitution; it opens wide the 
door for disunion, strife and civil war. If those views were cor- 
rect, then the Constitution was not worth the paper on which 
it was written; the Union, so much lauded, was only a league 
of independent States, and each State would retain its entire 
sovereignty, and would have the right to put its own construc- 
tion upon the laws of Congress, and to defy the Parent Gov- 
ernment. Of course, having these views, Calhoun thought the 
Federal Government had no right to redress the wrongs endur- 
ed by the Saints in Missouri. The latter State, according to 
his doctrine, was independent, and must be left to its own sense 
of justice and right, to correct any abuses to which the resi- 
dents within its borders might be subjected. If the governor 
and the oificials of the State chose to tramjtle upon law and 
lead mobs, to murder, plunder and exterminate a large body of 
its citizens, as they did iu the case of the Latter-day Saints, 
the Federal Goverument could not interfere; in fact, there was 
no remedy for these evils! 

According to his doctrine the title of ci'tkcn of the United 
States was of no value. The individual was a citizen of the 
State where he might happen to reside, and could claim no re- 
dress from the General Government for wrongs inflieted upon 
him by a sovereign State, unless, indeed, the latter, itself, chose 



to repair them. These being his views he, of course, believed 
that a State had a full right, whenever it chose to exercise it, 
to withdraw from the Union, or in other words to dissolve the 
league. His opinions upon this point were widely adopted by 
citizens of the Southern States, and South Carolina, his native 
State, only carried out his doctrine when, in December, 1860 
it passed the Ordinance of Secession and rebelled against the 
General Government. He, him.self, died before secession was 
attempted; but he bequeathed, in the doctrines which he prop- 
agated, a legacy of blood and a heritage of woe to his unhappy 
country. 

Joseph's views were the very opposite of Calhoun's. His 
doctrine was that the Constitution of the United States formed 
a government, not a league. Each State had expressly parted 
with so much of its power as to constitute, jointly with the 
other States a single nation. The States severally did not retain 
their entire sovereignty, they had surrendered to the Federal 
Government many of the essential parts of sovereignty. The 
allegiance of the citizens of each State ivaa due, in the first in- 
stance, to the government of the United States; they bore the 
proud and general title of American citizens, and if any of them 
were deprived of their rights by the mal-administration of the 
law, or by mob violence, in the State where they resided, they 
had the right of appeal to the General Government; and if 
their cause was just, the Parent Government had the neoesiary 
authority to reinstate them in their rights, even if it required 
the whole power of the Union to do so. To use his own ex- 
pressive language: "If the General Government has no power 
to reinstate expelled citizens to their rights, there is a monstrous 
hypocrite fed and fostered from the hard earnings of the peo- 
ple." Had he been President of the United States he would 
not, when appealed to, have replied as Martin Van Buren did, 
"Gentlemen, your cause is just; but I can do nothing for you;" 
neither would he have said, as did Calhoun, that the case of 
the Latter-day Saints was one that did "not come under the 
jurisdiction of the Federal Government." But if a State had 
acted towards any body of citizens as Missouri did to the Lat- 
ter-day Saints, he would have exerted the whole power of the 
Federal Government, if it had been necessary, to restore them 
to their rights. Mobs would have been broken up, mobbers 
have been punished, and the citizens of each of the States 
would have been protected in all their rights as citizens of the 
United States throughout the broad domain of the Union. 

Had his views prevailed with the Chief Executive and Con- 
gress when he appealed to them after the Saints were expelled 
from Missouri, the late terrible civil war might have been avert- 
ed; for the supremacy of the law and of the General Govern- 
ment would have been vindicated, and Missouri been taught 
a lesson that would have had a salutary effect on every States 
Rights man in the Union. But the weakness, vacillation and 
dishonesty of men in high places prevented this, and what have 
been the consequences? A frightful war has been fought, the 
blood of thousands upon thousands has been shed, sorrow and 
misery have been felt all over the land, and the end is not j'et. 
Truly did Joseph say that if the Latter-day Saints were not 
restored to all their rights and paid for all their losses, God 
would come out of his hiding place, and vex this nation with a 
sore vexation: yea, the consuming wrath of an offended God 
should smoke through the nation with as much distress and woe 
as Independence had blazed through with pleasure and de- 
light. 

(7b he Continued.) 



Every time you avoid doing wrong you increase your power 
to do right. 



!5?^^- 



■fe^l 




.6.^^ 60 



CrU'STEI^riLS II^STE/TJOTOI^ 



7C^ 







GEORGE Q. OATVIVOIV, : ]3I>ITOrj. 

SATURDAY, APRIL 10, isiio. 



A TJIIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPIER YIU. 



IT seemed as though we would never reach the kanyon for 
which we were aiming. The distance was not very great; 
and men with plenty of food and drink would have soon travel- 
ed it; but we were all weak, as we did not like to eat for fear 
of increasing our thirst, and we found it difficult to drag our- 
selves a ong through ttie sand in the bed of the creek. The 
travel of that morning tested the endurance of all very thorough- 
ly; and the company straggled along in a broken condition. 
The men on the lead reached the kanyon a long time ahead of 
those who were behind After proceeding up the kanyon a lit- 
tle distance they found running water. As soon as they saw it 
they shouted " Water, Wiiter" at the top of their voices. The 
cry was caught up by those behind, and was rapturously re- 
peated the whole length of the line. This delightful news in- 
i'used new life into ihe drooping frames of the men, and they 
pushed forward with iucreased energy. Some of them were so 
long, however, in reaching the water, that au impression began 
to prevail among them that they had been deceived. But 
they reached it at last. Pure, sparkling, cold water was there, 
gurgling as it ran over the rocks in the channel. Oh, what 
music to our ears was in the sound! How ravishing the sightl 
It was not a large stream; but it was sufficient; and a body of 
water as large as Lake Superior could not have produced more 
joy or thankfulness. I thought that morning, and many times 
during that journey, that I would never cease to be thankful 
for the precious gift of water. Though nearly twenty years 
have elapsed siuce then, the inipres.-ion still remains; I cannot 
bear now to see water wasted. We rushed eagerly to the 
stream, and, stretched at full length on the ground, slaked our 
thirst by copious draughts, taken at such intervals as not to 
hurt us. What more aiipropriate name could we think of for 
this place than "Providence Kanyon?'' for the finding of this 
water had indeed been providential. 

During the afternoon two of the men fiom the company be- 
hind, who had overtaken us a day or two before, came into 
camp in a .sufiFering condition for the want of water. They had 
left their four comrades beliind with the animals, while they 
pushed ahead with the hope of finding w.iter that they could 
carry back to them. Atier eating, they startdl back with four 
canteens of water; but at night they returned with the word 
that they could not find them. Ti c worst fears pre- 
vailed among us respecting the fate of these men. Two of 
Smith's comp;iny had been back for a horse, which they had 
left behind; they could not find it; but they saw, they said, a 
band of Indians, about twenty-two er 'wenty three in number, 
three of whom had rifles. Supposing that the,-c men had told 
the truth, we were afraid the Indians had laid in andiush and 
killed the four men as they passed through one of the narrow 
kanyons which were on their route. 

The next morning a call was made for five of our company, 
and five of Ca[>tain Smith's to go back with the two men and 
search for some traces of the missing ones. We armed our- 
selves and started afoot, taking with us a canteen of water 
apiece. We also took a spade with us, hoping that, if mur- 



dered, we might, at least, find their bodies, and give them as 
decent a burial as we could. But, to our great relief, we had 
not proceeded more than four or five miles from camp when we 
met the men and their horses alive and well. Thev had wan- 
dered from our trail in search of water, and had found some in 
a cave eight miles below the place where we had c.imped in the 
dry bed of the creek. This had saved their lives. We were 
so pleased to find them that, when we neared the mouth of the 
kanyon, we whooped, and some fired off their guns, with the 
intent of informing the companies that the men were safe. 
But the companies, recollecting what the two men, who went 
back for the horse, hid told them about seeing Indians, sup- 
posed the camp was attacked, and they seized their guns and 
took such measures for defense as suggested themselves to them 
in the excitement. Fortunately, they were able to distinguish 
who we were before they fired upon us; but it was a lesson to 
me not to do the iike again. We ought to have known that 
our firing and wliooping would only create alarm. 

The day's travel alter leaving Providence Kanyon was very 
fatigiung to the animals and men. "We traveled up and down 
hill all day, yet we did not seem to make much headway in a 
straight direction; for, to avoid chmbing the hills which were 
steep and high, we frequently had to make considerable of a 
circuit. We met with no water through the day, and when 
night approached we saw a creek in a kanj-on a long distance 
off. After searching awhile we found a place where we could 
descend to the water; but we camped on the high land. An 
examination revealed to us the startling fact that we had been 
traveling all day, over a most fatiguing road, to gain three 
miles! ^i e were only about three miles farther up Providence 
Kanyon than we were the day before! When this became 
kuoivn the most of the company felt low spirited. And no 
wonder they did; for, after oar r.cent experience, it seemed 
that, unless there was a change in our mode of travel we must 
inevitably perish in tlie midst of this wilderness. Since we left 
the regular Trail we had been wandering about in these kan- 
yons, mountains and deserts for eleven days. Our progress in 
the directi.jn of California had been very slow. But we had 
excellent appetites. Our provisions were disappearing, our 
clothes wearing out, and oiu' animals would soon be too thin to 
afford much sustenance, if we had to kill them. 

Our piecarious condition aroused Geo. C. C. Rich. The 
time had come for him to speak and act. He had been led to 
travel with the company to save us from just such a fate as then 
threatened us. Up to this time he had not taken a very active 
part in the guidance of the company. Captain Smith's opiii- 
i'ln had been taken in preference to his. But this evening he 
told the comiany that he was not going to be led around in this 
manner any lunger. If there was not an alteration in our 
mode of travel, we should all ]ieiish in the mountains. He 
was determined now to have his way, or he would go back to 
the wagons as quickly as he could. \Vc were relieved by his 
remarks. They made us feel glad; for we knew that he, not 
Captain Smith, had the right to lead us, and that if we should 
be saved from our perilous circumstances, it would be through 
him. It seemed as though the Lord liad permitted us to wan- 
der about on that 11th day of November, without making any 
progress, to arouse every ene to a sense of the peril we were in, 
that he whose right it was to lead us might he justified in the 
eyes of all in dictating our future movements. 
[Tu bv Continued.) 



ERR.VTI'.M. — In thebcginningof the extract, from the reply 
of .Jo>epli Smith to Joiin C. Calhoun, in the Biography of 
Jos.'ph Smith ill the last number, it reads, "some two or three 
huiidied ciiillai-s' wurtli of land;" it ought to read, some two or 
three hundred thuasaud dollars' worth of land. 






\^ 




CTTJ^EnsriLE! I3^STI2.TJCTOE/. 



61 



■v* 



^;7V"^a:Es.s:poT7TS 



[concluded.] 



alongside of us, about the distance of three miles. The great- 
est diameter of the largest appeared to me, at that distance, 
as if it would measure ten feet. They retired from us with a 
wind at south-east, leaving an impression upon my mind to 



THE engraving which we give herewith differs from that which I can give no name, though surely one ingredient in it 
which appeared in the l.ist number of the Juvenile ■ was fear, and a con>idorable deal ot wonder and astdnisluucnt. 
Instructor; but our little readers will readily peiceivc that it ' It was in vain to tiiink of fljiiig: the swiftest \\oi>c or fastest 
represents a waterspout. It illustrates better than the other sailing ship, would have been of no use to have carried us 
engraving did the trumpet form of the spout, also the rising of out of danger." 

the surface of the sea to unite with that which descends from ! It is frequently the rasa that whirlwinds are formed by burn- 
the cloud. There have been various causes assigred for these ing large quantities of timber and brushwood for the purpose 
formations, the general impression is that they are intimately > of clearing land. If these were on the water, they would be 
connected with electricity, though even this is denied. The | waterspouts; for whirlwinds have been seen to cro.'^s rivers, and 
fact is, no one has yet been able to explain the cause which I when they pas.sed over the wat^r they became waterspouts, 
produces them. lightning, like that which is seen in the j We read of an instance of tliis kind it Stockbridgc, in the 
engraving, frequently accompanies them. State of Massachusetts. The season, for a number of weeks 
Many people have had great fear about watersjouts; it has j previous, had been remarkably dry, and in various places much 
been said that when they break a body of water d( scends large I mischief had been done by fires, which were kindled in tlic 
enough to sink a .ship. But this does not apjirar to be the woods. Tliese fires were spreading, and a man who owned a 
case, as the water, where it is broken from tie ascending field, in which there was a large quantity of timber and brush- 
Column, descends in _ __^^ . _ wood lying in rows 



heavy lain Tliere 
is danger, however, 
to vessels if they 
have too much sail 
on. Small vessels 
may be overset, and 
large ships have 
their masts taken 
out of thera. 

In the deserts of 
Africa, moving pil- 
lars of sand are fre- 
quentlyseen. Tiiey 
are produced on the 
land by the same 
cause that produce ~ 
waterspouts at sea. 
Bruce describes 
some of these curi- 
ous formations 
which he saw in 
Nubia. He and 
his party had left 
Assa Nagga in the 
early part of the 
day, their course 
being due north. 
After traveling ia 
that direction twen- 





and heaps for burn- 
ing, concluded, as 
(he fire was near 
bis bo:der, to set 
fire to the whole of 
it together. It was 
very dr}', and he 
sent jomo men all 
around the fi Id to 
kimlle it all at once. 
The weather was 
serene at the time; 
but, as soon as tlie 
fire became general 
throughout the fielel 
a whiilwiiid fbrujcd 
ill the midst of the 
tlames. 'Jhe ap- 
pearance was said 
to be sublime and 
iwful. The flames 
ol ectedfiom every 
vide into a large 
I lumn, broad at 
the bottom, but 
suddenly tapering 
to a much -mal'er 
ti/je, and it stood 
cieet in lie fie d to 
pil!ar of ii» iii.g and 



ty-one miles they came to Waady el lialboub and alighted I the height of l.JO or 200 feet. It was a 
among the acacia trees there. While there he says: most vivid flame, and it whirled round willi ni :st astonisldng 

"We were here at once surprised and terrified, by truly one j velocity. From its top proceeded a spire ol black smoke, which 
of the most magnificent s'ghts in the world. In that vatt waved gracfully in the air. This was so high that it was be- 
expanse of desert, from west to norili west of us, we saw a j yond the reach of the eye, and it whirled nmiid like the col- 
large number of pillars of sand at different distances, at times ' u'nn of flame. Wlii'c it laste.', thcpdl.ir of fire moved slowly 
moving with great celerity, at others stalking on with a majes- and majestically round the field. Generally (he air was rnlirc- 
tie slowness; at intervals we thouglit they were coming in a j '>' f''ec from both fire and smoke, e.'iccpt what was collected 
very i'cw minutes to overwhelm us; and small quantities of sand i >" the coluimi. Tlie force of the whirlwind was so great, that 
did actually more tlian once reach us. Again they would y"uiig trees of si.x or eight indies in iliamete:- wliieli wcn^ lying 
retreat, .so as to be almost out of sight, their top.s reaching to ^ '»; t'"c ground, were taken up by it, and carried to the licight 
tlie very clouds. Then the tops often separated from the : of forty or fifty feet. 

bodies; and these once di.'-jiiinod, dispersed in the air, and did [ Another of these whirlwinds movid up the .--ide of a hill ou 
not appear more. Sometimes they were broken near the a still day and pro.-tiated trees in its course. The noise whifli 
middle, as if struck with a large cannon .shot. About noon accompany whirlwinds of tlii.s kind is very loml — louder ihau 
they began to advance with considerable swiftness upon us, llie almost any tliunder. Being much longer continued than thuii- 
wind being very strong at the noitli. Eleven of them ranged i der it is heard at a much greater distance. 






^^t\ 




vJ TJ "^r E IN" I Ij E in^STI^TJCTOI^/ 



^t 



9^^ 



When our little readers see whirlwinds in the future, for the)' 
are quite common in some parts of our Territor}', they will 
have some idea of what a waterspout is like. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%\twd%%m ul €iimmott ® Jittgs* 



-A. s h: IE s 



[CONTINUED.] 



THE elements of substances are not destroj'ed by burning 
them; it is merely an alteration of structure. Bake a piece 
of wood in a close vessel, all the fluid "particles pass off' and a 
black mass remains which is carbon (charcoal) containing a lit- 
tle mineral matter; burn this carbon in the open air that also 
passes oif as an invisible gas (carbonic acid.) But tl>e fluids 
which pass ofl!", added to the weight of the carbon, are equal to 
the weight of the wood; and the carbonic acid which passes ofl^, 
added to the weigbt_of the ashes which remain, is exactlj' the 
weight of the carbon, plus (added to) the oxygen consumed. 
The quantity and quality of the ashes depend upon the natm-e 
of the substance burned, the ashes of wheat are very different 
to those of wheat straw, the flrst are rich in phosphates, the 
last are rich in silica (flint.) 

If we were to burn a diamond, a substance which is pure car- 
bon, (charcoal) there would be no ashes; to do this the diamond 
would have to bo made red-hot, when, if thrown into a jar of 
oxygen, it would be entirely consumed. It is in this way that 
the diamond is proved to be preci-scly the .same substance that 
the carbon of the wood is; but, oh, how different in appear 
anee! The hard, brilliant, and valuable gem which is so much 
courted and admired is oidy a form of cavhon~cri/staIi::ed car- 
bon. But, wood ashes generally contain a great many of the 
necessary elements of fertility, because they assist in dis.solving, 
preparing, and a.ssimiiating the food of plants, the same as salt 
and a few mineral substances are necessary to animals in the 
same processes. 

All organic substances when burned leave ashes. Bones leave 
white ashes (phosphates of lime) which are useful in fertiliz- 
ing;— wool, hair, flesh, in fact every kind of animal matter, 
leave ashes which are valuable as manures. 

The ancients appear to have understood the reduction of even 
the ])recious metals into ashes by burning. This we cannot do, 
except by chemical proces.ses, with which, perhaps, ihey were 
belter acquainted. We read that the "molten calf" made by 
Aaron was "reduced to a powder" after being "burnt in the 
fire."^ No doubt Moses, who was "learned in all the wisdom of 
the EgvptiaB.s" .may have been instructed in the reduction of 
metals by their artificers who were very skillful in metallurgy and 
chemistry. For, although the Egyj.tians wore ignorant of the 
knowledge of tjje true God, they were a highly civilized people, 
so far as a knowle 'ge of the arts and sciences are concerned. 

In this respect they did not differ greatly from the refined 
nations of our own day, with this exception they would not 
have tolerated the gross immorality, obscenity and wicked- 
ness of our times. 

As to the baser metals, they are easily reduced to an earthy 
coDdition resembling ashes. The young student may try the 
experiment by burning .some lead in an iron sijoon; after a time 
It will be reduced to a powder, which is an oxide of lead; that 
Ls, the oxygen of .the air 13 united to the lead. Litharge is 



' formed in a similar wa}'. Tin, iron, copper, all the baser metals 
may be thus reduced, but these powders are called "earths" or 
metalic oxides. Some of the metals have a great tendency to 
burn up and form ashes of this kind. We have alluded to 
potassium, which is ,so greedy for oxygen that it' takes fire in 
water. There is magnesium, also, the base of the sulphate 
of magnesia, which will burn with a beautiful light so that 
photographers can use it for taking likenesses at night. There 
are also many other metals which are capable of being reduced 
to ashes, but they are not found in the products of the combina- 
tion of land or marine (sea) plants or in ashes of animals, which 
generally contain potassium, sodium, magnesium, and iron in 
union with oxygen, carbon, or chlor ne. Betu. 

(To be Continued) 



J^ 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



11, 1 Y grandfather, when a young man, lived in the Isle of 
Itj. Man. The Manx people generally at that time were 
very superstitious — and are yet to a great extent, though per- 
haps not so much so — and so credulous as to believe all sorts of 
stories about ghosts, hobgoblins, fairies, etc. So much so that 
the most unreasonable stories of anything of this kind would 
find ready credence with them. About the time of which I 
write a house situated in the country, a short distance from the 
town of Peel, where my grandfather lived, was said to be 
haunted, and many frightful stories were told of the freaks of 
the ghost that infested it. Many of the people were so fright- 
ened that they dared not venture near the house, while those 
who had the courage to visit it always returned with new and 
frightful stories of what they had there seen and heard. My 
grandfather, urged by a feeling of curiosity, went to this house, 
one evening; accompanied byafriend, named Thomas Gawn, for 
the purpose of watching for the ghost. They remained till a 
late hour of the night, but saw nothing of the ghost, and dis- 
appointed, were returning home, when my grandfather, ever 
ready for a joke, hit upon the following: "Gawn," said he, 

'what say you to shutting your eyes, getting upon my back, 
and letting me carry you a short distance: then you can tell the 
folks when you get home that you were taken up and carried 
such a distance without seeing wiiat carried you." Gawn read- 
ily assented, and shutting his eyes, got upon his back. He car- 
ried him a short distance to where there was a slough or mud 
hole, and then with all his force threw him into it. Gawn saw 
the joke and appreciated it; and came out completely covered 
in mud and water. On reaching home he told his story— but 
not the joke— and the people listened to him with eagerness 
and readily believed all he said, his wet and muddy clothes 
proving an additional evidence to them of the truth of what 
he told them. 

In like manner many ghost stories have originated. We 
should not be too ready to believe in the existence of such things, 
much less to fear them. I have known children to go to bed 
at night trembling with fear, lest they should see something, or 
screaming with affright at some fancied apparition, after listen- 
ing to or reading some ghost story. Even admitting the exis- 
tence of such things, there is no reason why we should fear 
them. If we always take a course to secure the blessing and 
favor of God by keeping His commandujents, He will give us 
His spirit to resist everything that is evil. G. C. L. 



Always get up when you you first wake in the morning. 
One hour of that time is wgrth two of night. 



§ 



J^. 



't 



CrTJ"V"EI^ILE I3^STI?.TJOTOI^ 



63 



'1^^ 



For the Juvenile Instfuctor, 



%mu mmu. 



LITTLE AVILIJE GROWN TO MANUOOD> 



CHAPTER IX. 



WILLIE was now eigliteen years old. The President of 
B conference felt impressed to give him a mission, 

and send him out to preach the gospel in the north of England. 
But when he thought of Willie's mother, and considered that 
she was a widow, left with a large family, he hesitated, 
and finally concluded to speak to her upon the subject. He 
asked her if she would be willing for her son to be sent on a 
mission, and stated that he had been impressed to call upon 
him to go and preach the gospel. When this question was 
asked, her eyes filled with tears at the thought of parting from 
Willie, and though her voice grew tremulous, her answer 
was positive: "if the Lord wants him I am wUhng that he 
should go. ' ' 

Willie was called, and the time appointed for him to start 
out on this mission. He had saved a little money, out of which 
he purchased his mother a new dress, and himself an entire 
suit of new clothes. A little money still remained in the purse. 
Wow Willie thought: "what shall I do with this. Shall I take 
it with me? No; that will never do: for the elders are required 
to go out and preach the gospel without purse or scrip, and 
the Lord being my helper, 1 will do so too." The purse and 
money were placed iu a drawer kept for his private use. 

Saturday, the 2t5th day of April, was the time appointed for 
Willie to leave his home and friends. All preparations having 
been completed he took his port manteau in hand. A scene 
which he had long dreaded was now before him. His mother 
and sisters were in tears. They gathered around him weeping 
bitterly. This was more than S\ illie could bear. He bade 
them good bye, turned round hastily, and started off with a 
quick step, whispering to himself a heartfelt prayer that God 
would bless his dear and noble hearted mother, and all the 
loved ones at home. They watched hiin until he was lost in 
the distance, and still they gazed in the direction that he had 
gone, breathing prayers and blessings on his path. 

Willie was now alone, walking silently along the foot path 
meditating upon the scene that had just past. He was well 
dressed: wore a .suit of black broad clo h, but in his pockets 
there was neither purse nor sc.rp, not even a penny. He had 
left all behind him, his mother, brothers, sisters and the little 
money that he had saved and he had left all for the gospel's 
sake. The peace of God was in his heart. He felt that angels 
weie his guardians, and that heaven smiled approvingly upon 
his course. 

In the evening he arrived at Ilorsforth where there was a 
small branch. Elder H. presided over this branch, who, in 
connection with his family, gave Willie a very heary welcome. 
The evening was spent in very comfortable and interesting 
conversation, 

Sunday morning Elder H. accompanied him to the railroad 
station, purchased him a ticket for Harrowgate and bade him 
God's speed. Willie took his seat. The train moved on and 
they parted. 

About a mile from the Harrowgate station Willie met with 
three Saints. All resided under one roof. They gave him a 
cordial welcome. Here he had expected to meet Elder J. who 



had had considerable experience in traveling, with whom he 
had hoped to travel until he became ac(iuainted with his new 
labors. But circumstances prevented Elder J. from coming to 
his assistance. This was a great disappointment to Willie. He 
felt that he needed some experienced elder to lean upon. There 
was a wide field of labor before him, and new ground to break up. 
With a realizing sense of the importance of his mission, and 
of the many difficulties that beset his path, he very timidly and 
prayerfully entered upon his labors, feeling, that although he 
had the prejudices, ignorance and superstition of a world to 
contend with, God would ever be his friend. 

Wii. W. B. 

(,To be Continued.) 



LITTLE 
E. E L 



3^ E L L, I E ' S 
3Sr O S L . 



"VfELLIE Muller was a bright, quick Itttle body, of about 
1* eight years old, but in spite of her many good qualities, 
she was often in disgrace for being carelsss and inconsiderate. 
Her mother required that the nursery where the children break- 
fasted should be kept clean and neat, and many a punishment 
was inflicted upon Nellie for staining the carpet, or spoiling the 
clean table-cloth. A more thoughtless little sprite never lived, 
and neither reproof nor whipping soeu.ed to make any impres- 
sion upon her. Her excuse, like some other children I have 
known, was always, "0, I forgol!" or "I never thought!" The 
nursery walls were literally covered with the prints of her 
greasy fingers. The table-cloth near her seat was daubed with 
spots both small and great. Her little books were torn and 
dirty: and as for her dresses, a new one was so stained and 
ragged, that her father declared she ought to wear nothing but 
sheet iron. 

Last spring, the nursery was newly papered and carpeted, 
and the mother, calling her children together, said; "Now list- 
en, all of you, to what I say. Whojver gets the first three 
spots on the new carpet, will receive a mark that will not soon 
be forgotten. Do you hear, Helen?" Nellie looked very grave, 
for her mother never called her Helen except wh n she was 
very much in earnest. So she replied "Yes, dear mamma, I 
will certainly be very careful." But, alas! alas! before the 
w^ek had pas.sed, thrcj large, dark spots were visible in the 
pretty green carpet. Mrs. Muller questioned her children 
very closely, and found that Nellie, as usual, was the culprit. 
She did not scold the little girl, but only said, very quietlj-, 
"You remember what 1 told you!" The next morning, when 
the children met in the nursery, a thout of lauglitur arose at 
which Nellie looked astonished. "What is the matter?" she 
cried, "I don't see anything to laugh at!" 

"Look in the glass! look in the glass!" was all they could say 
for laughter. Nellie looked, and started bai-k frightened, fur 
on the end of her nose was a spot red as sealing-wax, and rub 
as hard as she would it could not be removed, the cried bit- 
terly, and her mother said: "The spots on the carpet look quite 
as badly as that on your nose. One is as great a b em!sh as 
the other. You must keep your nose red for throe days, as a 
lesson and punisliineiit to you. You cannot get it oil' yourself, 
for it is painted in oil-col Jis!" 

Nellie was much ashunied, and cried unlil s! e was quite 
tired. At the end of t!io three days (he spot disappeared from 
her nose, but the cfluct produced by it was lasting. She learned 
to be a careful and orderly child, and if at tin.es she grew negli- 
gent, her mother had only to say warningly, "llcmcmber your 
red no.sc!" — iSelccted, 



^^ 






;i^ 



64= 



J'XJ'VED^ILE IlsTSTI^XJOTOI?. 



pIpcI$& JJa^lru* 



A oliilrl was lost, and in his liorae 
All hearts were lilkU with griel- 

And gentle words nf loving Irieuda 
Coulel give but I'aiut reliSl'. 

The mother saw her little one 

Alone amid the wild, 
Where ev.ry danger seemed to close 

Arotiud her darling child. 

What lurking foe— what savage beast 
Might prowl around his way, 

While darkness tilled his little soul 
With terror and dismaj'! 

The curly head, so often pressed 

Against a mother's heart. 
To night must take its only rest 

lu darkness and apart. 

The little feet, whose every step 

Had found a tender guide. 
To-night might tread on thorns or briers, 

Where poisoned serpents hide. 

Oh! bitter— bitter was the night, 

WitU all its thoughts of pain; 
Eul with the morning's glowing light, 

The child was found again, 

Sleeping in peace and quietness, 

Be-ide a murmuring stream; 
While on his brow au answering glow 

Kose from a happy dream, 

"Mv love! my cliild," the mother said, 
While clasped in close caress, 

"How cjuld you sleep so peacefully 
When none wore near to bless"?" 

'•Why, mother, don't yon know," he said, 
With lips ami ej es that smiled, 

"tiod sends his angels down to keep 
And bless each little child'? 

"I knew that I was tired and lost. 

But 1 wat not alraid; 
Tor 1 had reail but yesterday, 

'Ob, be not though dismayed.' 

"And when the dark night oanio adown, 

1 knew that stay I must; 
Bui Uod had said such loving words. 

What could I do but trust?" 

"Oh, child— dear child!" the mother said, 
"Thy faith hath shamed me^iuite; 

I taught the lesson, but my babe 
Hdlh felt its power aright." 



J^ IsTIOHIT IIT J\. LOG- 



VI 



MANY years ago Mr. and Mrs. J went to live out 
West — somewhere in Uliio. The place then was very dif- 
ferent from what it is now: it was thinly settled, and the nearest 
house to their own was six miles away. 

One luorning Mr. J ^!eft home on business, intending to 

return by nightfall. But he was detained; and as night closed 
in, liis wife gave the children their suinicr and put them to 
bed. livening wore on, and still he did not come. A slight 
noi-e at the little window made her turn her head; and there, 
in the darkness, were two great eyes staring into the room. 




Terrified as she was, she kept still and soon discerned that 
the eyes belonged to a huge bear. Now, it is very seldom that 
wild boasts appvoich a house. They never do it except when 
driven by extreme hunger. This was i i winter time, and the 
b.ar, no doubt, found it hard to get a living. 

What could the poor woman do'? The strong, hungry ani- 
mal could easily break the window, but there was one thing that 
made him hesitate. It was the glowing fire. Wild beasts are 
much afra d of fire; and it is a custom with hunters, when en- 
camping in a forest, to kindle one for tlie purpose ot keeping 
them off. This she knew. Her husband had provided her 
with abundance of wood, close beside the fire-place, and her 
re.-loution was quickly made. She piled on the wood and kept 
up a large fire. There she sat alcne the long, anxious night 
through, while her children slept, for she did not disturb them. 

The bear would grow tired of standing on two feet and get 
down for a few moments; then he would rise up again and put 
his forepaws on the wiudow. 

What a night it was! Mrs. J 's greatest anxiety was for 

her husband. She and her children, in the house, were com- 
paratively sale while she kexit the fire blazing; but she was 
every moment expecting lier husband, and for him to meet 
the hungry beast was certain drstruction. 

Who could help her in this hour of bitter need? 

But One. 

'ihat One ('id help. Iler husland's business kept him late, 
and, contrary to liis first intention, he yielded to the urging of 
his friends to leniain over night, little dreaming of the provi- 
dence moving through those circumstances, the hearts of his 
neighbors au I hi- own thoughts — little dreaming of the fierce 
danger that waited be.-ide his dwelling. All night the mother's 
vigil lasted, and when day-dawn was near, the bear turned 
away, disapp lintcii, and went back to the wood. Her husband 
returned soo.i afterward, safe and well. 

"Deliver Ui from evill'' Little had tlie children thought, 
that night, how much that prayer was needed! 

The mothe:-, wjtcliing through tho.se hours of peril, illus- 
trates, as in a picture, tiic one great Love that watclies always 
over us ail. And lemeiuber, dear little ones, the loveof Lhrist 
is a fire that evil s])irits dare not approach; and as long as you 
keep his love in your hearts you are safe. — /Selected. 



Fur the Juvenile Instructor. 
C 131 J^ I?. J5^ ID E . 



liY J. P. SSIITII, JR. 



I am composed of IS letters. 

My II, 13, l;i, 12, 3, is a fruit. 

My 13, 12, 15, 10, IS, 17, is a river. 

My 16, 8, 11, tj, ('), is a metal. 

My 2, 1"), 18, is an article of wearing apparel. 

My 14, 'J, 1 1, 12, IS, 2, is the sound state of a living being. 

My 8, 7, 0, 1, is quiet. 

My 4, 5, 13, 1, 14, is [irofundity. 

My whole is being studied in most of our schools 



vTUVEIsriXjIE] IIsrSTI^TJOTOI^ 

Is publislit'd ill Salt. Lake City, Utiili Tt-rritory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLSSHER. 



Sinrjlc Copy, per Annum • • • • 

Sinyle Copy, for Six Months^ 



.$3 00 

. 150 



UTS' It IP oxpp<-fril T^'hfTO .nj:;ontR forwnrfl n.Tnips tlipy wit! bo responsible 
for I" ' ... . ,..,.... . .. 

pie 

Cilelie ViiUey. 
' «ajf- Or:iiii broii^'lit fo this City for tlie Juvi'.Nii.K Instructor will be 
I received :it tlie olliec of our pv.per— Duseket Nkws Buildings. 



JSl^ It IP expeefeil t^'Ikto .nj:;entR forward n.Tnies tliey wit! be responsible ^ % 

r the papers tliiis ordered: iiiid wlien Cash iiayiiieiits are niiule, tlley will ' ^ 

<-iisi- forward them wilti the letter e'nitaiiiiii^^ the names of the subscribers. 5 i | 

jfti)- lOlder Will. 11. yhearniiiu, huyau, will act as General Aa:cnt for 3 / 

lehe valley. ■*jiy 



:5^ 



'^^i\ 



y^ 



