SOLINE&a TO fMBLQED. 




VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 12, 1875. 



NO. 12. 



SCEITES I IN" OO^TG-E/ESS. 




V[7e give herewith an engraving of the United States Capi- 
I tol. It is in this building that Congress meets every 
year to make laws for the United States. Congress is composed 
of two parts, called a Senate and House ot Representatives. 
The Senate is formed by the election of two men from each 
state in the Union by the Legislature of each State, and they 
are elected for sx years or during three Congresses. The 
duration of a Congress is two years. Each Congress com- 
mences at 12 o'clock, at noon, on the 4th of March every odd 
year. That is for instance, this year is 1875; at 12 o'clock, at 
noon, on the 4th of last March the forty-fourth Congress of 
the United States commenced. But its session does not begin 
at that time, unless called together by the President of the 
United States. The 



time fixed by law 
for it to meet is the 
first Monday in De- 
cember, and it con- 
tinues to sit gener- 
ally for about seven 
months, when it 
adjourns to meet on 
the first Monday in 
the next December, 
and then the session 
usually continues, 
with the exception 
of a recess for the 
holidays, until 12 
o'clock, at noon, on 
the 4th of the succeeding March. Members of the House of 
Representatives are elected for two years. They become 
members at the commencement of a Congress, and cease to be 
members at its termination. Sometimes the Senate meets on 
the 4th of March for the transaction of business that belongs 
peculiarly to that body and for which the concurrent action of 
the House is not necessary. It is provided in the Constitution 
that "neither house, during the session of Congress, shall, 
without the consent of the other, adjourn for more than three 
days. ' ' 

The Capitol, of which our engraving gives you some idea, 
is the most magnificent structure in the Unite States, and 
we know of no building in any nation that equals it for the 
purposes for which it was built. It is a building of which every 




American may justly feel proud. It is 751 feet long and 324 
feet deep. The area covered by the entire building is 153,112 
square feet. A beautiful park, filled with the finest trees, 
surrounds it. Just at present this park is being re-arranged 
and many of the trees are being removed, as their height, it 
was thought by many, detracted from the appearance of the 
Capitol and partially hid it from view. A great deal of money 
is being spent at the present time in adorning the grounds, 
and when they are completed they will be very attractive. 
The climate of Washington admits of the growth of grass 
everywhere where it is planted without irrigation, being in 
direct contrast in this respect with our climate and country. 
The walls of the centre building are of white sandstone and 

are painted white. 
The wings are of ' 
fine white marble 
from Lee, Massa- 
chusetts. Exactly 
in the centre of the 
building is an im- 
mense round room, 
called the rotunda, 
which goes up to 
the very top of the 
dome. The panels 
if the walls of this 
otunda are filled 
sj^j with paintings, rep- 
resenting different 
scenes in the histo- 
ry of our country. There are also historical stories cut in 
stone. The height of the dome is about three hundred feet, 
and is capped, as you see in the picture, by a bronze statue of 
freedom, modelled by Crawford, which is nineteen feet six 
inches high, and which weighs 14,985 pounds. The greatest 
diameter at the base of the dome is 1 35 feet 5 inches. There 
are three grand entrances from the east by broad flights of 
stone steps. Upon the sides of the centre flight are several 
fine groups of statuary. This is the flight by which visitors 
generally enter the building from the east. The Senate occu- 
pies the right wing of the building, and from the rotunda you 
pass through a corridor, passing as you go the door of the 
Supreme Court, which, before the new wing was built, was 
occupied as the old Senate chamber. This hall is 112 feet 





13 i 



JTJYENILE HTSTRUCTOR. 





in length hy 8- feet in width, and is 30 feet in height. Its 
galleries will accommodate one thousand persons. After look- 
ing »t tills chamber we can return through the corridor to the 

ro'mi l.i. 

Nnv. if you will accompany us thronsrh th" corridor 
lei In.' tn I lie left \vu wi I lead you into the Hall of the Hou-c 
of 11 'live <cntafivo<. We first enter the old Hall of the House 
of It 'presentativt — a circularchainber of considerable dimen- 
sion-, but which became too small for the accommodation of 
the II 'i.e. V ir years after the erection of the new Ila'l the 
old Im! in- not ued Cor any particular purpose; but now 
statuary atil paintings belonging to the nation are being 
e i'l ■ ••(■ 1 there. This chamber has re-ounded with ibe elo- 
q-t mi •,• of ih: famous men of bygone davs whose names n'-c 
ein'ii'niel in 'be n i ion's history. Passing through this Hall 
an 1 the corridor we mine to the man entrance of the Hall ol 
tb • II 'ii e ol' Ri'preH ntaiives. l'.y the crowds of persons 
piss'ii i tn an 1 fro in ihe corridors it is casv to perceive that 
it is an important day at the C p to!. Hut though there are 
do i-keep.'r- to prevent the entrance of llm-e who are not 
Cll'itled to I lie il i i:\ we are early and the hour lor business has 
not a -rived, and we can, therefore, enter the Hall. It is a 
gran 1 room, and \v!i n filled with members presents a very 
imp ■ 'ssivc -ight. Th • hall is 130 feet in length, by 03 feet in 
la! :".) feet in heiirht. Immediately opposite i lie 
main enrraii'-e i- i In- S;i 'aker's cle-k. His scat is elevated and 
b :!n v him. aa 1 iinmc liate'y in front, the clerk- are seated, and 
below ill in. aa I oa a level wall the floor, is the de.-k of the 
(_',i" _■ -. — I iii 1 1! rep r crs, live in number. 

Th ■ '1 iy we h ive ch'nen for our visit is M 1 1 1 iv, D !33:u'l ■;• 
1st, IS73. Oi t hi- diy, ajiirdiiig to lav, the for ty-:hird 
C ' i ^ ■ ■• c 'a .•■ i • :. Tii ; floor i< crow led with .Meni'icrs and 
thjir friend-. Many are seated; but hundreds stand a round 
tic lli'l iii groups, or are coiiver-ing in l In* cloak rooms, or 
- r ■ I mi ib : -o i- which are arranged around the walls i f i lie 
lli'l. The grejt.in-.'s among old Members who meet again lo 
serve in aa rh a' C nig :.vs< are very cordial. We look up to 
the irallerio-, aa I see iliit every inch ol' avai'a'ile space is 
crow I I. even the aide- an I doorways are crammed full. 
J ll it lad e- arc much in ex e— of gentlemen is evident from 
th.' gre.il proniineii -c of bright colors on every seat. 'Ibe 
scene i< a gay inu: it' it were th ■ opening night of a grand 
opera it enul I not be in ire si. It is on!.\ once in two years 
tli ii -a di a -e -n • call be witnessed, and [he city is filled with 
strangers wii . b ive c .me to be present on the occasion. The 
wive- of M mii'ic,'- an I the fa-bi m ihles of the city are there 
in full for -a;, each one provided with an opera glass, by [he 
allot which i he (ace- of i he notable men p esent, as fa-t as 
known, are scanned. When a distinguished linn makes his 
appearance on the llonr be i. immediately pointed out and 
bun Ired- of opera glasses are brought lo hear upon him. and 
aconfil-el luurmur nf voices is beard all over the Hall as 
each one exchange.-! opinions wiih his or her neighbor. 

At a few minutes before twelve o'clock at noon, officers, 
under the direction of the door-keeper of lb" last Congre-s, 
proceed to clear the II ill of a'l persons n it entitled to the 
floor. Hut on -nib an occasion they can not enforce the rule 
on (his p lint very strictly, as where so many arc strangers to 
the officers it i- easy for an i npudent per.-on to impress them 
with the idea that be is a M miber or has the right to he there. 
Two men remain whom we know have no right, under the rules 
of the House, to be there. There are three of them in a 
group. One of them, however, has a right by courtesy, but 
not under the rules, to the floor. He is a contestant for a 



seat — the scat nf the Delegate to Congress from Utah — and 
from his confident bearing, the expressions he lets drop to 
tho-e who listen to him and the laughs in which he and his 
companions indulge it is easy t« perceive that he thinks he is 
sure to get. the seat (in which he contends. 

At twelve o'clock the Clerk of the la-t Congress called the 
Members to order and proceeded to read their names. For 
every di-trict to be represented there should be two hundred 
and ninety-two Members, but. there were irregularities in the 
papers, of some members and conflicting certificates in the 
ca-es of others, so there were only two hundred and eighty- 
four names called, and all but three were present. This num- 
ber being more than a quorum, the Clerk announced that he 
was ready to receive a motion to proceed to the election of a 
Sneaker. On the part, of the Republicans Hon. James Gr. 
Haiiie. of Mane, who had been Speaker of the two last Con- 
gresses, was i hinted for that office On the part of the 

Democrats Hon. Fernando Wood, of New York, was nomi- 
nated for Speaker. The Republicans being largely in the 
majority, M -. Bailie was elected. At tin' suggestion of the 
01 rk he was led to the Speaker's chair by Mr. Maynar.l, of 
Tenn , and 31". Wood, of New York. The Speakeron assum- 
ing the chair made a neat speech to the Hou-e, thanking the 
Members for the ivm irablc distinction they had conferred upon 
him in hiving clio-i n him for the third time Speaker of the 
lion e of Rove cntatives. Tt is customary for the Member 
who lias served longest continuously in the House to admin- 
ister the o.iih |i"o-cribeil by law, and this duty devolved upon 
M -. Dawes, of 3Ia*s. Then followed the swearing in of the 
Member- as I heir names were called by States. 'I he test oath, 
or a- it is sometimes called, the "iron-clad oath," was admin- 
istered in all the Members who could take it; but there were 
many Members who could not take it, as they had been 
ciiiajed in the rebellion. They, therefore, had to take a 
nullified form of oath which had been adopted by Cngra^s 
expressly to meet the eases of those who had been engaged in 
the rebellion. 

The House was now organized and was ready for business; 
that is, there was a Speaker an 1 a majority of the Members 
were .-worn in. Hut I here were no other officers. There were 
five additional officers needed — the Clerk, the Sergeant-at- 
arius. tb : I) lor-keepe , the Postmaster and the Chaplaini. 

The Republicans placed in nomination the names of the 
same gentlemen who bad filled ibesc positions in the last Con- 
gress, with the exception of the Postmaster. The Democrats 
al-o iium'iiafcd a full list of officers; hut this was only for 
form's sake, as they knew they could not be elected. The 
noini ices of the Republicans were all elected and were swoin 
in, the Republicans voting for them unanimously. This 
unanimity is obtained in this way: Before the assembling of 
Congress each party holds what is called a caucus, or meiti ig. 
At this caucus all the business that has to be attended to, and 
ail the nominations that, are to be made are discussed; and i he 
best plan of accomplishing the desired end, and the proper 
names to be put in nomination, are adopted. For instance, a 
Speaker is needed; the Republicans know that they have the 
vo-es to easily elect him, and they proceed to canvass the 
qualities of the various candidates. (In the 4.'!rd Congress 
this was not necessary, as Mr. Blaine's qualifications were so 
well known that no one presumed to contend with him for the 
Speaker-hip.) By voting upon the various candidates they 
i-onn leain who has the most votes in his favor. When this is 
learned, they frequently unite upon that man and give him a 
unanimous vote. Before doing so, however, it is often the 





J- TJ "V E IT I L E HTSTRTJCTOR. 



135 





ca«e that they bargain for votes in favor of some friend of 
theirs for some other office, so it frequently happens that the 
action of the caucus is a series of compromises, or purchases 
and sales of votes, each of the political managers making the 
best bargain lie can tor his friends or forthe section of country 
where he resides. That every section of the county may be 
gratified, pains ate generally taken in selecting officers, to have 
them chosen from different parts of the United States. 

The House had proceeded thus far, and the Delegates from 
the Territories, ten in number, including the District of Colum- 
bia, had not been sworn in. They were anxious to be noticed, 
and Mr. Maynard of Tins - , caled the attention of the Sneaker 
to them. AVe shall de-eiide what occuned then in our next. 
( Tii lie Continued; ) 



QT7EEB EPITAPHS. 

Among English speaking people it is very common to 
write seme line- of poetry of prose upon gravestones, 
in commemoration of the dead who lie buried beneath. 
These are called epitaphs: and tome that we have met with 
arc decidedly funny. For instance: in the churchyard in 
Chigwsll, Essex, England, there is the following epitaph upon 
a tombstone: 

'"Tliis disease, yon ih-'hi" heard tell on. 
] died by eating ion much ni"lon: 
Bi* •■nri-fiit. I li.n, all y.iu that leed— I 
I suffuruu because I was too greedy." 

Ill the churchyard in Cheltenham, Eiiglan I, may be seen 
the following: 

"Here lies I and my three daughter*. 
Killed by drinking tin' (Jiudt-uhain waters. 
If we had >lue'; 10 the Epsom suit*. 
AVe'd not I e lying in these, here vaults." 

Several years ago a man died in the town of Woo'w'cli, Eng- 
land, and he left an order that his tombstone should have 
inscribed upon it, 

"Youthful reader, parsing by. 
As you are now. so once was I. 
As 1 am now so you inu-t be, 
Then-fore prepare to lolluw me." 

The widow of the deceased, who did not honor her lord more 
than the ordinary run of wives, obeyed her late husband s 
injunctions, but added, as a postscript of her own composition, 
as follows: 

"To follow you I am not content, 
Until I know which way you went." 

This tombstone remained for a considerable period in Wool- 
wich churchyard; but after much persuasion the rector of the 
church prevailed upon the widow to let him remove the 
flippant lines. In an old English paper the following four 
epitaphs were found: 

"Here- lieth, wrapped in clay, 
The body of William Gray, 
I have no more to say." 

"Here lies the body of Thomas Smith, 
And who was somewhat lavish, 
He was born, bred, and hanged, 
In this very parish.'' 

"Here lies cut down like unripe fruit, 
Jemima, wife of John Detrruot." 



"To the memory of John ami Mary Meer, 
A whale killed him. and s e lies here." 

A curious inscription is to be found ou a tombstone in Belfast, 
Ireland. — 

"Here lies the body of Thorna* Hound, 
Who went to sea an I never was foim I; 
His people imagine he inu-t have been drowned " 

In a village churchyard in Georgia hive been found the 
following lines: 

"Open your eves, 

For lor.- lie-, 

All that can rot, 

Right when- she sot. 

When she was happy, 

Our Biiz i Jane, 

Cail-d h em- again, 

To join her pappy. 

Live so thai you. 

An 1 I may. too, 

Join them, and tor -V'T ;i"jr. 

Against tue chills mid ell leia." 

Tlii foil wing in -cription may be fouu.l in ILekviile, iii-t- 
cru il is achusott.-: 

"I ii memory of Jane 15 'cut, 

AVi o kicked up her heel- and away she wein." 

There is a couplet on a tcmbs'on ; at Prince K Iwa d'- 1 land 
lb it in -iy n >t be with nit its in ;rits, thoue.li the rh m • i- far 
from satisfactory. It i*, 

"Here lies the body of p ior C uirles I, nub, 
Killed bva tree, that fell ship- inn." 

The f illowing on a tombston i at II >o.dc l\i!I-, N -w York, 
is ra' Ii -I' Ii i •! on this doctor-. The corpse !i i I >cjj s o en and 
dissected by the do-tor ••. After disse-tiou her remain Were 
fouu.l ana buried. The in cription rea I-, 

"II -r body di-serted by lien 1 s'l ll, 

II -i' b in,-- ana'om /.eil. 

Ill- soul, we liu-t. lias risen lo Guii, 

\\hi-ie iew physicians rise." 

Tt w mid lie strange if th - law.-i.--i escaped, and on a g-avc- 
Stone in S.v i.Tuaui. Norfolk, Eiilanl, the e is a sentiment 
which gives some id a of the opinion entertained re-<pjotiiig 
the prevailing rascality of lawier.-: 

"Hero lieth nlie, bcieve it if you can, 

AVho, ihou.ih an attorney, wa- an honest man. 

The g i:es of ||.; i veil -Sail open W.'l". 

Ii.it shall shut ag liu -t all the tribe beside." 

Wj sh ill fi-ii-h th.se epitaphs by giving th it of D -. F anklin, 
written l>y himseif, which fur it< hum iran 1 pi i:ikiij-s is worth 
pr serving: 

"tii k body of 
BENMAM1X Kit V.NKLIX, 

PKIKTKK 
(Like tlu-C'ivi-i- ill" an old bo dc, 
It- contents torn out, 
And s'ript of its lettering and gilding), 
Lies here, food for worms; 
But the work- shall not be I ist, 
For it will fas in- believes) appear once more, 
In a new and m ire elegant edition, 
11 vised and corrected 

by 
THE AUTHOR." 





136 



JTJ^r EFILE I1TSTRITCTOE 




TTZsTID'EIR, TIHIIE SIsTOAA^. 



From ''All the Year Round.' 




ALTHOUGH Switzerland is famous, all the world over, for 
its lofty mountains, still, in foreign countries, many 
lads of my age, and in m3 T station of life, may not exactly 
know that the Jura is a chain of mountains formed by several 
parallel chains which extend from Basle, in Switzerland, 
quite up to France and a little way into it, running in the 
direction from north-east to south-west. The length of the 
Jura is about one hundred and seventy miles, and its breadth 
from thirty-five to forty miles. It contains quite a number of 
deep valleys, and several mountains whose summits are very 
lofty. 

I mention these dry details at the outset, in order that you 
may better understand what happened to me; for it is, in great 
measure, the difference in the bight of the mountains which 
renders them more or less habitable. The higher they are 
the sharper is the cold there, the shorter is the summer, the 
scantier is the vegetation, and the earlier does the snow cover 
it. Some of these mountains are even so lofty that the snow 
on their tops is never entirely and completely melted, but 
remains in patches in the hollows. Nevertheless, all the moun- 
tains of the Jura lose their upper garment of snow every 
year; some sort of herbage springs on the highest summits; 
at many points they are clothed with magnificent woods of 
beech, oak, and especially fiis; whilst other parts afford excel- 
lent pasture-ground on which very fine cattle are reared, 
and particularly oxen, cows, and goats. Notwithstanding 
which, these beautiful mountains are scarcely habitable more 
than five months in a year, from May or June until the begin- 
ing of October. 

As soon as the snows are all melted and the summits are 
clothed again with green, our villages, which are all built in 
the valleys or on the lower slopes, send their herds up the 
mountain. This departure is quite a holiday; and yet we 
herdsmen have to spend the whole summer away from our 
Fam lies, leading a hard-working life with many privations. 
We live almost entirely on a milk-and-cheese diet, which we 
rail by a general name, laitage, having often nothing else to 
drink by way of a change but the water from the spring. We 
spend most our time in grazing our herds and in making those 
large and handsome cheeses which are known as Gruyere. 

Every herdsman ha<. up in the mountain, a chalet, which 
is a wretched place fin- human habitation, although mostly 
built of stone. It is roofed with small deal planks called 
bardiavx; heavy stone-:, laid in rows upon them, press them 
down, and preventthe storms from stripping them off. The 
interior of a chalet is divided into three apartments; a well 
closed stable or cow-house, to lodge the cattle at night; a nar- 
row and cool dairy, where the milk is kept in broad wooden 
bowls; and a kitchen, which also serves as a bed-room, where 
the herdsmen nut unfrequently sleeps mi abed of straw. The 
kitchen is furnished with a vast chimney, in which hangs an 
enormous caldron, for warming the milk and helping to convert 
it into cheese. As the chalet is our residence the whole sum- 
mer long, we an- obliged to store it with many little articles of 
necessity, to save having to go down to the valley to fetch 
them when wanted unexpectedly. 

Our season hardly finishes before St. Denis' -day, the Oth 
of October. We then quit the mountain, again making a 
holiday^ delighted to return to our families. But we do not 

d an idle life in the village, any more than we did at the 



chalet. We are accustomed to depend upon ourselves, and 
are obliged to turn our hands to everything. We make 
household utensils, tools, and furniture, we carve wood into 
fancy articles, which are afterwards dispersed all over Europe. 
But, what is of the greatest importance, the winter allows us 
spare time for our education. If the path to the school is 
not always open, the children are made to learn their lessons 
at home. The art of writing is not forgotten; and by reading 
aloud, we amuse and instruct others as well as ourselves. It 
was a good thing for me that 1 was so brought up. If I had 
not had these resources in my trouble, I know not what would 
have become of me. One thing at least is clear: the journal 
which follows could not have existed. Although only a Swiss 
country-lad, I have been able to write some sort of a history. 
Here it is, as I was able to note it down from day to day: 

November 22— Since it is the will of God that I and my 
grandfather should be imprisoned in this chalet, I intend to 
record in writing what happened to us. If we are destined to 
perish here, our relations and friends will learn how our last 
days were spent; if we are delivered, this journal will preserve 
the recollection of our dangers and our sufferings. It is also 
my grandfather's wish that I should undertake it. 

The day before yesterday, in the village, we had been expect- 
ing my father for several weeks past. St. Denis' -day was over; 
all the herds had come down the mountain together with their 
keepers. My father alone had failed to make his appearance, 
and we began to ask, "What can possibly detain him?" I 
lost my mother three years ago; but my uncles and aunts assur- 
ed me that I need not make myself uneasy; that probably 
there remained some grass to be eaten, and that was why my 
father kept the herd a little later up the mountain. 

At last my grandfather became alarmed. He said, "I will 
go myself and see why Francois does not come. I shall not be 
sorry to see the chalet once more. Who knows whether I shall 
be able to visit it next summer? Will you like to go with me?" 

It was the very request I was going to make; for, as I have 
no mother, we are almost always together. We were soon 
ready to start. We mounted slowly, sometimes following nar- 
row gorges, sometimes skirting the brink of deep precipices. 
About a quarter of a league before we came to the chalet, I 
was attracted by curiosity to the edge of a very steep rock. 
My grandfather, who had told me more than once that he did 
not like my doing so, hastened forward to pull me back; but 
a large stone, rolling backwards as he stepped upon it, caused 
him to sprain his foot, and put him to considerable pain. 
But in a few minutes he felt better, and we hoped that no bad 
consequences would ensue. With the help of his stout holly 
stick, and by leaning on my shoulder, he was able to drag him- 
self as far as this place. 

My father was greatly su prised to see us. He was busy 
preparing for his departure: so that if we had quietly waited 
at home one day longer, his arrival would have put an. end to 
our uneasiness. That very same evening, Pierre was to set off 
with the remainder of the cheeses. 

After a short repose, my grandfather asked me, "are you 
very tired, Louis?" The manner in which he made the 
inquiry seemed to betray some secret intention, and I did not 
give a very decided answer. "I was thinking," he added, 
"that it might be prudent to send on the boy with Pierre. 
The wind has changed during the last half-hour, and may 
perhaps bring us bad weather in the course of the night." 

My father expressed the same fear, and urged me to follow 
that counsel. 

(To be Continued.) 




? 



J U "V IE IsT I Xj E INSTBUCTOB 



137 




utatinnjl nni ^nnwtr§ 

OUST THE BIBLE. 



FIRST BOOK OP SAMUEL. 




LESSON XC. 

Q. — What answer did the Lord give unto Samuel? 
A. — "Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they 
say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have 
rejected me, that I should not reign over them." 
Q. — "What was Samuel told also to say? 

A. — "Protest solemnly unto them, and show them the manner 
of the king that shall reign over them." 

Q.— What did the people say after Samuel had faithfully warned 
them? 

A. — "We will have a king over us; that we also may be like 
all the nations; and that our king may judge ua and fight our 
battles." 

Q. — When Samuel heard all the words of the people what did 
lie do? 

A. — He rehearsed them in the ears of the Lord. 
Q. — What did the Lord reply to Samuel? 
A. — "Hearken unto their voice, and make them a king. 
Q. — What did Samuel then say unto the men of Israel? 
A. — "Go ye every man unto his city." 
Q. — What reply did Saul make to his servant? 
A. — "Well said; come, let us go." 
Q. — To what place did Saul and his servant then go? 
A. — 4 'Unto the city where the man of God was." 
Q. — As they went up the hill towards the city whom did they 
meet? 
A. — "Young maidens going out to draw water." 
Q. — What inquiry did they make of the young maidens? 
A. — "Is the seer here?" 
Q. — What reply did they make? 

A. — "He is; behold he is before you: make haste now, for he 
came to-day to the city." 

Q. — Whom did Saul and his servant meet as they came into 
the city? 
A. — Samuel going to the high place. 
Q. — What had the Lord told Samuel the day before? 
A. — That on the morrow he would send him a man whom he 
should anoint to be captain over Israel. 

Q. — What did the Lord say to Samuel when he saw Saul 
approach? 

A. — "Behold the man I spake to thee of, this same shall reign 
over my people." 

Q. — What did Saul say to Samuel when he drew near to him 
in the gate? 
A. — "Tell me, I pray thee, where the seer's house is." 
Q. — What reply did Samuel make? 

A. — "I am the seer: go up before me to the high place; for ye 
shall eat with me today, and to morrow I will let thee go, and 
willitell thee all that is in thine heart." 

Q.— What did Samuel say concerning the asses that had been 
lost "three days? 

A. — That they were found. 
Q. — What further did Samuel say to Saul? 

A. — "And in whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on 
thee, and on all thy f?ther's house." 
Q. — What reply did Saul make? 

A. — "Am not I a Benjamite, of the smallest of the tribes of 
Israel? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of 
Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me?" 
Q. — Where did Samuel then take Saul and his servant? 
A. — "Into the parlor, and made them sit in tho chiefest 
place." 

Q. — How many guests were bidden to the feast? 
A. — About thirty. 



u est ions anil jLnswers 



OH>T TIKIS 
BOOK OIF IMI O R IMI O 3ST 



EEIGNOFTHE JUDGES. 



LESSON XC. 

Q.— How long did this time of peace last? 

A.— Until the commencement of the twenty-fourth year of the 
reign of the judges. 

Q. — What occurred then? 

A.— A dispute arose between the inhabitants of the lands Lehi 
and Morianton. 

Q.— What was the cause of this contention? 
A.— The people of Morianton claimed a part of the land of 
Lehi. 
Q._ What did tho people of Morianton do in their anger? 
A.— They took up arms to slay their brethren. 
Q. — Who was their leader? 
A. — A man named Morianton. 
Q.— What did the people of Lehi do? 
A.— They fled to Moroni for assistance. 

Q.— When Morianton' s army found what their brethren had 
done, how did they feel? 

A.— They feared that Moroni would march upon them and 
destroy them. 
O. — What did Morianton propose to do? 

A.— He advised tnem to flee to the land towarS the north, 
where there were large bodies of water. 

Q.— By what means was this plan defeated? 
A— A maid-servant, having been beaten by Morianton, fled to 
Moroni, and made known to him the plan of flight. 

Q.— Fearing the people in the land Bountiful would unite with 
Morianton, what did Moroni do? 

A.— He sent an army commanded by Teancum to stop the 
flight of the people of Morianton. 

Q.— When the two armies met what occurred? 
A.— A battle took place, in which Morianton was slain by 
Teancum, and all his followers were taken prisoners. 
Q.— What was done to these prisoners? 

A.— Upon their covenanting to be peaceable, they were restored 
to their lands. 
Q.— What else happened in this year? 
A —The second chief judge, Nephibah, died. 
q —-Who then was appointed to fill the judgment seat? 
A.— Pahoran, the son of iSTephihah. 
Q.— After this how long did peace continue? 
A.— A contention arose in the beginning and another war with 
the Lamanites in the latter part of the next year. 
Q._What was the cause of this contention? 
A.— There were two parties in the land called freemen and 
kingmen; the kingmen wanted a king appointed to rule, while 
the freemen wanted Pahoran to still rule as chief judge. 

Q. —"While these dissensions were going on what did Amalick- 
iah do' 

A.— He gathered together a great army. 
Q.— Did he accompany his troops this time? 
A.— Yes; and he led them into the land of Zarahemla. 
Q —"When the kingmen heard of the approach of the Laman- 
ites how did they feel? 

A.— They were glad, and refused to take up arms against 
them. 

Q. — When Moroni noticed this, what were his feelings? 
A.— Hq was very angry, and requested the governor of the 
land to allow him either to comDel them to fight or to put them 
to death. 
Q. — Was this request granted? 

A. — Yes; and Moroni commanded his army to march against 
the dissenters, 





133 



vJTJ^TJIlISrXL.B INSTBUCTOR' 




ffhtf jftuvtmlq Kustrttcfor. 



GEORGE Q. CAVKON, 








EDITOR. 


S AT U 11 DAY, 


JUNE 


112, 


18 


7 5. 




EDITORIAL THZOTTG-KTS. 

ROBABLY in n- other part of (Tie 

United States can mi nian.v old persons 

In' 1'nu nl I'm- the niiinlicr o 1 ' llie pnpula- 

tion as live in this Territory. In otlicr 

places yon will generally final people wlio 

are over fifty years of ;ige counted as old 

fip'ks, nnd lliov ImbLle siruuncl with canes 

mil ttihe to tin m.-elvi s the credit of being 

^''•'.\jja very aged. But in our Ten-it oiy some of 

*1i!^HrM our uio-t active bu.-iness men are upwards 

m\mS&*r "'" >istv ' :| "'' > '""° ovun ' ,,ive ,,:lssei ' ! - evi ' ,,! . v 

^-^f?5 vijjirs. President Young, whose labors are aidu- 

Wsffi ous enough for a man ol thirty, and who gets 

( " '--■■Vl* through them without much apparent efTo t. is 

^ upwards of s'venty-foui- years ol age. Mis brothers 

jTCaj J,, epli an 1 Phineas. one of u-lmm is four and the 

M, other two year- older than li-'niself, are stirring, 

,' arrive men. Bishop Hunter, the presiding bishop 

o" lilo church, and who does a large amount of business, is 

ahoul eighry-thrciyear- of aae. and several of the Apostles 

, , „i„i. n t l,i-li ip-. »ho-e lives aiv | till of la hiiriuus activity, 

are in the neigh' orhnod of seventy years of aire There is 

nothing t-i prevent the Littor-day Sins from being a Inne- 

i; ve 1 |, . , ,:,■ if | hey wi I oh eive the counsel- whi'-li have been 

gi v ,. n th mi '-.on ;ei-niii'j their methods of lit'.. We live in a 

country where stimulants are n >t new el. We are so high 

a i ive the level ot the sea that our long- work rapidly, people 

work up to their full capacity in this atmosphere and climate 

with nit the aid of stimu'.-ints. If I hey become weary, by 

refraining liiim work they sum gut rested. If they air attacked 

w - t |, . ;.'; ;,.<-, they do noc linger: they either recover very 

lyn.' die with surprising suddenness. We have heard 

Stra < remark very frcquent'y upon visiting our country 

tint th ■•• v ■■ g.-eatly exh : l -rate 1 by (he air. P>-»hnhIy every 
person of ma'ui-c years has noticed this pec-uliarity in our 
climate, e-o • ;i illy i'' hi- is familiar with other countries. The 
in m-" lir ■ ifhing of the air hen- produces as lively an effect as 
the drinking of champagne would mar the sea. and, what is 
better, without any of the had consequence;, which champagne 
drinking produces. Eveiy person who has resided for ->ny 
length of lime iii this Territory has doubtless i.otieed that 
tho-e who indulge in the u-c of spirituous liquors soon kill 
themselves. Itisaseasyto tell what a drunkard's fate will 
be in this country as if it were written for every one to read. 
The strongest constitutions 1 re .k down quickly under the 
exces-ive use of ardent spirit. The reason of this is plain — ■ 
they quicken heart action, increase the steam, so to speak, so 
much that the system breaks down under it. The u-e of tea 
and coffee produces somewhat the same effect; and if the 
Latter-day Saints would only study their own natures and 
that which is best for them in this climate, they would never 
indu'ge in their u-e. We have pure air and a healthy climate 
and by a correct observance ot the word of wisdom, ami obeying 
the laws which God has revealed unto us lor the preservation of 
V life, the lives of the Latter-day Saints will be greatly lengthened, 



an I it would not surprise us to know of many persons 1 reaching 
the age of one hundred years, without any of their faculties 
being impaired. The boys and girls who desire to live long 
should he carelul a I out what they car, avoid llie we of tea 
and coffee, beer and liquor-, and wine and tobacco, eat lightly 
and be cleanly in iheir persons, and diess accoidiiig to the 
weather, sleep in well ventilated rooms, and above all cultivate 
and preserve contentment of mind, lcnii ml ering that 
" \ pleasant In ait; a quiet mind, 
A joy in all (jiiil'ii work- can find; 
A eoii-cidice fr-i' from guilty pain; 
A soul not envious nor vain; 
Shaii -in inaii > head bringdown God's benison, 
A ml strengthen more than ale or venison.'' 



miiiEiPHr^zsrT i_,a.:bo:r,:e:r,s. 



It would he too long to relate all the u-es of which elephants 
arc applied i i But niah. Let it- watt h the in at wink among 
I he wooilvard- where the trunks of tii kwond tree, which come 
floating down the river, are piled. ]•) i r working-elephant ia 
mounted by a di iver called a "comae" whose principal business 
i- ratlfer to 'Xcite the animal than to direct it. 

In i be season when the road.- are cut, the triluks come down 
the bar much la.-ter than i hey tan he di [ used of in the saw 
mills, and .hey accumulate in vast quantities till along the 
banks. It is necessary, therefore, to (bag the dec out of the 
water and aivange them in pile- until .-tieb line they can 1 e 
cut up. There are only three sorts of idles, varying with the 
size ol the trees. First an elephant in the waterelear the logs 
from the mass and range them one by one upon (he lank. He 
carefully examines the chaos of logs ami proceeds with tusks, 
and trunk to di-cngago the tree lie has selected and wll'ch lie 
intends to carry to land. As soon as the tree is placed on the 
lank another elephant is harnessed to it and drags it to the 
woo lyard. where be leaves it. Two other elephants now come 
up, and one of ihem takes one end id' the log upon his unnk 
and drags it to the pile upon which, in view of its i-ize. it ou;.ht 
to he placed, while his companion as ists him ly pushing the 
log with all his might. As soon as they reach the proper p'.li 
the first elephant lifts the top of the ioe upon the pile, tin a 
he forms a kind of a ling around the log with his ttiink, while 
the other with a vigorous blow of his head shoots the log into 
its place. The intelligence displayed ly these animals is 
almost incredible, nnd we should scarcely have believed it if we 
had not seen their movements as described abo\e. 



Marriage in Borneo. — This is the way the matrimonial 
knot is tied in Borneo. On the wedding day the bride and 
bridegroom are brought from opposite ends of the village to 
the spot where the ceremony is to be performed. They are 
made to sit on two bars of iron, that blessing as lasting, and 
health as vigorous may attend the pair. A cigar and betel 
k-af, prepared with the areca nut, are next put into the hands 
of the bride and bridegroom. One of the priests then waves 
two fowls over the heads of the couple, and in a long address 
to the Supreme Being calls down b:essings upon the pair, and 
implores that peace and happiness may attend the union. 
After the heads of the affianced have been knocked against 
each other three or four times, the bridegroom puts the 
prepared leaf and cigar into the mouth of the bride, while she 
does the same to him, whom she thus acknowledges as her 
husband. 





JTJYB1TILB HsfSTBTJOTOE/. 



139 




THE JAGUAR. 



Tin: Jaguar is the largest and fiercest of American flesh- 
eating animals, ami from its strength, size and ferocity 
it is frequently called the Smth American Tiger, though the 
mark ngs of its skin uiore nearly resemble those of the leopard 
than the tiger. 

. The home of the Jaguar is in the tropical regions of South 
America, indeed it has even heeu found as far north as the 
Red Itiver in Louisiana. It lives alone in the thick, dense 
forests that cover so large an extent of the interior of our 
southern continent. It is especially partial to the neighbor- 
hood of large rivers, hut is occasionally driven by hunger to 
the abode of man. It is an excellent climber and swimmer 
and preys upon living animals and ft h. Its favorite mode of 
attack is to leap noon its victim's back, like the one in our 
picture, and by pint-ins 
one of its paws on t' e 
lie id and another on the 
muzzle, will break (he 
neck of a horse. Its 
strength is such that ii 
kills and d ags of! a hi r.-e 
or an ox \v ; h en e. It is 
sai I to stand in .-hallow 
w iter and throw out fi.-h 
o i he shon with its paws, 
The great German travel- 
er, Illllllbi i!t, states in 
on : of his w iks, that the 
• I guar is \ cry fund ol 
tu . ■ , and that be will 
dig out the i ggs, devour. 
the young in d clean out 
the flr-h of the larger 
ones with gnat skill. It 
rarely attacks man, unless 
hunted or pressed by 
hunger; and then it is 
very formidable and dan- 
gerous. 

Jaguars are now scarce, 
but one bun In d years ago 
'2,0'.i'.) s!%in- were exported 
annually from Buenos 
Ayres alone, ni ar which 
city they were \ery num- 
erous and destructive. 

The .-kin of the Jaguar is h in 1 -nine and esteemed for robes. 
There is e in iiderable d Bfji-ence in the size an 1 in irkings, even 
the two sides of the same animal will differ. The lower parts 
of the animal are white, while the ground color of the back 
and sides varies from a brownish to an ashy yellow. 

The .Jaguar is occasionally seen in menageries, and when 
captured young is susceptible of partial training. 

There is an animal called the ounce, very much like the 
Jaguar, with which it is sometime* confounded; but the name 
of ounce properly belongs to the variety of this animal found 
in A.-ia. 



OATOHIUG A SHARK. 



fTVaE following nin-.iiive ol killing a shark by electricity is 



J. t ' nil til • p; i of" til 
admirably ii makes oin 

til M'J- I I V :< of il III 1.1 

and interests. 

A in n in ill I m'z/. -:i top ii it 
stea lily in the sh ;, * w ike T 
yet it ran ihroiigh the sh'p lik 
luss unea -'n iss in tb isu bun Ire 



p >|Mi!:u- writer Charles lieade. [I:>w 
feel the sea an I voyages, throws out 
;' scien;.', an 1 yet absorbingly amuses 



el an enormous shark gliding 
i- may seem a small incident 
wild ire, and caned more or 
stout heart-; so near is every 
seaman tiulcaih. and so strong the persuasion in their minds 
that a shark doe- not follow a. hip perliunciou. ly without a 
prophetic in tinct, of ca'aniify. 

Unfortunately, ihe quai lei master coiMi.v.nicated this idea to 



I, 



numerous examples, to 







i $zm 




Fai.se friends are like our h id iw, keeping close to us 
while we walk in the sunshine, but leaving us the instant "we 
cross into the shade. 



master, an I e.oiilirmcu it 

prove that there was 
always death at band 
when a shaik followed a 
ship. 

Thereupon Tadcaster 
took it into bis head that 
he was under a relapse, 
and thesnaik was waiting 
for his dead body. lie 
got quite low spirited. 

Sta : nes told Fitzroy. 
Fitzroy .-aid, 'Shaik be 
hanged ! I'll have him on 
deck in half an hour." 
He got leave from the 
captain. A hook was 
baited with a large piece 
of pink, towed astern by 
a stout line, experienced 
old bands attending it by 
turns. 

The shaik came up 
leisurely, surveyed the 
bait, and, I apprehend, 
ascertained the position of 
the hook. At all events, 
he tu ncd quietly on his 
back, sucked the meat off 
and retired to enjoy it. 

Every officer in the ship 
tried him in turn, but 
without success; for if 
they got ready for him, and the moment he took the bait, 
jerked the rope hard, he immediately opened his enormous 
mouth so wide that the bait and hook came out clear. But 
sooner or later ho always got the bait and left his captors the 
hook. 

This went on for days, and his huge dorsal fin always in the 
ship's wake. 

Then Tadcaster, who had watched these experiments with 
hope, lost his spirits and appetite. 

Staines reasoned with him, but in vain. Somebody was to 
die, and although there were three hundred more in the ship, he 
must be the one. At last he actually made his will, and threw 
himself into Staines' arms, and gave him a message to his moth- 
er an 1 Lady Cicely, and ended by frightening himself into a fit. 
This roused Staines' pity, and also put him on his mettle. 
What, science be beaten by a shark! 





14:0 



CTTJ"v r Eiq"I3_ 1 E IUSTE-VCTOR 




He pondered the matter oyer with all his might, and at last 
an idea came to him. 

He asked the captain's permission to try his hand. This 
was accorded immediately and the ship's stores placed at his 
disposal very politely, and with a sly comical grin. 

Dr. Staines got from the carpenter some sheets of zinc and 
spare copper and some flannel. These he cut into three-inch 
squares, and soaked the flannel in acidulated water. He then 
procured a quantity of bell-wire, the greater portion of which 
he insulated by rapping it round with hot gutta percha. So 
eager was he that he did not turn in all night. 

In the morning he prepared what he called an electric fuse. 
He filled a soda bottle with gunpowder, attaching some cork to 
make it bu03 r ant, put in the fuse and bung, made it water 
tight, connected and insulated his main wires, enveloped 
the bottle in pork, tied a line to it, and let the bottle over- 
board. 

The captain and others shook their hands mysteriously. 
The tars peeped and grinned from every rope to see a doctor 
try and catch a shark with a soda bottle and no hook; but 
somehow the doctor seemed to know what he was about, so 
they hovered around and waited the result, mystified but 
curious, and showing their teeth from ear to ear. 

"The only thing I fear," said Staines, "is that the moment 
he takes the bait, he will cut the wire before I can complete 
the circuit and fire the fuse." 

Nevertheless there was another objection to the success of 
the experiment, The shark had disappeared. 

"Well," said the captain, "at all events you have frightened 
him away." 

"No," said little Tadcaster, white as a ghost; "he is only 
underwater, I know; waiting — waiting." 
"There he is!" cried one of the ratlins. 
There was a rush to the taffrail — great excitement! 
"Keep clear of me," said Staines quietly, but firmly. 
The old shark swam slowly around the bait. 
"It can only be done at the moment before he cuts the 
w r ." 

He saw it was something new. 
He swam round and round it. 
"He won't take it," said one. 
"He suspects something." 

"Oh, yes, he will take the meat some how, and leave the 
pepper. The old fox." 

"He has eaten many a poor Jack, that one. " 
The shark turned slowly on his back, and, instead of grab- 
bing at the bait, seemed to draw it back by gentle suction into 
that capacious throat, ready to blow it out in a moment if it 
was not all right. 

The moment the bait was drawn out of sight, Staines com- 
pleted the circuit: the bottle exploded with a fury that sur- 
prised him and everybody who saw it; a ton of water flew into 
the air, and came down in spray, and a gory carcass floated, 
belly uppermost, visibly staining the blue water. 
There was a roar of amazement and applause. 
The carcass was towed alongside, at Tadcaster' s urgent 
request, and then the power of the explosion was seen. Con- 
fined first by the bottle, then by the meat, then by the fish, 
and lastly by the water, it had exploded with tenfold power, 
had blown the brute's head into a million atoms, aud had even 
torn a great furrow into its carcass, exposing three feet of the 
backbone. 

Tadcaster gloated over his enemy, and began to pick up 
again from that hour.— Selected. 




Wtlt 




BT J. L. BARFOOT. 



(Continued.) 



THE GRIZZLY BEAR. {Ursus HorriUJis.) 



One of the distinguishing or special differences between the 
Grizzly and common Bear of this country is the great 
length of the fore claws; they are twice the length of those on 
the hind feet. This animal is also larger in frame, more rough 
and wild-looking, the hair coarser, dark at the base and lighter 
at the tips; and between the shoulders the male animal has an 
erect mane. The specific name of the animal indicates its 
appearance — frightful, or horrible, and is also descriptive of 
its character. 

In its wild state the Grizzly is represented to be the most 
savage and formidable of wild beasts. He who would willingly 
encounter and kill this dangerous and destructive animal has 
been considered a brave man and a public benefactor. Of the 
immense physical strength, and fierceness of attack upon man 
when unprepared to meet him, there can be no doubt, but of 
his unwillingness to voluntarily encounter man in a fair field, 
the balance of testimony is strongly affirmative. Captain 
Marey, U. S. , an authority in hunting matters, in alluding to 
this animal, says: "The Grizzly will get away from men if he 

can A she Bear (Grizzly), with her cubs around 

her, forsook them rather than face the rifle." We should 
hardly expect this, as many animals of inferior strength are 
very daring under such circumstances in defending their young. 
The captain shows that this she Bear had no care for her 
young ones; "her sole purpose seemed to be to make her 
escape, leaving her cubs in the most cowardly manner.'' 

It was in consequence of the destruction of a large number 
of sheep in one of our southern herds, by a "Grizzly," that 
the people turned out to destroy it. It happened to be a lady 
Bear and her cubs were captured. These were kept in 
confinement, and poorly fed, for several months, and then 
brought to this city It was soon apparent that they were 
different to the common Bear in their habits. In this city, 
instead of being fed on squashes, they had meat given to them, 
aver which they quarreled and fought desperately. On giving 
them Indian corn for diet a few days they became less quarrel- 
some; still there was a continual snarl and growl over every 
favorite morsel, such as a loaf of stale, hard bread, of which 
they were very fond. Most certainly these Grizzlies, although 
male and female, did not live together in as much harmony as 
the black, brown and cinnamon Bears do; and no one could be 
favorably impressed respecting Mr. Grizzly, who would not 
allow Mrs. Grizzly to eat anything, if he could prevent it, 
until his appetite was satisfied. However, if the male Grizzly 
was greedy, the female was cunning, and would slyly creep 
behind her lord and steal a morsel in a most ingenious manner. 
The keeper, on discovering the habits of the male Bear, would 
feed the largest piece to him, and then feed the female; but 
even then it was "first done help the other;" and the "gentle- 
man' ' Grizzly was generally done first. 

It appears, from observations made by our first settlers, that 
Grizzlies and other Bears are becoming more numerous and 
destructive than they were when the first settlements of this 
Territory were made. It would be interesting to have a 
record of the depredations of these animals. 





JTJVE1TILE IUSTRUCTOB 



141 




One thing is worthy of note respecting full-grown bears: 
they are of value for the sake of their skeletons. This only 
applies to full-grown Bears, the skins of which, if taken off 
carefully, are valuable for the fur. The bones, if preserved 
without losing any portion of them may find a ready market, 
by writing for information to our Museum. 



zrsro MOTHER. 



"Que 

kj is i 



has no mother!" What a volume of sorrowful truth 
i comprised in that single utterance, no mother. We 
must go down the hard, rough path of life and become inured 
to care and sorrow in their sternest forms before we can take 
home to our own experience the dread reality — no mother — 
without a struggle and a tear. But when it is said of a young 
girl, just passing from childhood towards the life of a woman, 
how sad is the story summed up in a short sentence? Who 
shall now check the wayward fancies? Who shall now bear 
with the errors and failings of the motherless daughter? Let 
not the cup of sorrow be overflowed by the harshness of ycur 
bearing, or your sympathizing coolness. Is she heedless of 
your doings? Is she forgetful of her duty? Is she careless of 
her moments? Remember, oh remember, she has no mother. 
And the poor bov, too, with none to care for him or to 
administer to his comfort. You see him sportive with his 
companions, perhaps rude, may he at times wicked. He has 
no mother to warn and chide him — no, no mother to shed her 
softening influence over him, and a desolation of spirit that no 
tongue can express. He is turned out in the world to battle 
its storms alone, and when pain and weariness press him, no 
word of pitying sympathy falls upon his ears, no soft hand 
soothes and supports him. Remember, oh remember, he has 
no mother! 

Water and its Inhabitants. -The quality of water in 
relatiou to its fauna and flora has been the subject of inves- 
tigation by some of the French Academicians. In substance, 
the results seem to prove that water in which animals and 
plants of higher organization will thrive is fit to drink; and on 
the other hand, water in which only the infusoria and lower 
cryptogams will grow is unhealthy. If the water become 
stagnant and impure, aquatic plauts of the higher order will 
languish and disappear, and the half-suft'oeated fish will rise 
near the surface and crowd together in parts where there may 
still be a little of the purer element trickling in. and if driven 
from these places they soon die. Physafonlinalis will only 
live in very pure water; vdvata pi&ciruilis in clear water; 
limnaea ovata and star/nalix and planorhis mair/inalus in 
ordinary water; and finally, cydas cornea and lithynia Impura 
in water of middling quality; hut no mollusk will live in 
corrupt water. Plants also exercise a reactive influence on the 
quality of water. The most delicate of plants appears to be the 
common water cress, the presence of which indicates excellent 
quality. Veronicas and the floating water weeds flourish only 
in water of good quality. The water plantain, mints, loosestrife, 
sedges, water lilies, and many others grow perfectly well in 
water of moderately good quality. Some of the sedges and 
arrowheads will thrive in water of very poor quality. The 
most hardy or least exacting in this respect is the common 
reed, or phragmites communis. — Scientific American. 

m » -^- ~-» 



DEPEND 02ST YOURSELF. 




A si, 1 1> of the foot may bi 
rhaps never. 



recovered, but that of the tongue 



TjIight your own battle. Hoe your own row. Ask no favors 
JL of any one, and you will succeed many times better than 
those who are always beseeching some one's patronage. No 
one will ever help you as you can help yourself, because no one 
will be so heartily interested in your affairs. The first step will 
not be such a long one, perhaps; but, carving your own way 
up the mountain, you make each one land to another. Men 
who have made their fortunes are not those who have five 
thousand dollars given them to start with, but started fair with 
a well-earned dollar or two. Men who have by their own exer- 
tions acquired fame, have not been thrust into popularity by 
puffs paid or begged for. or given in friendly spirit. They have 
outstretched their hands and touched the public heart. Men 
who win love do their own wooing, and I never knew one to 
fail so signally as one who had induced his affectionate grandma 
to speak a good word for him. Whether you work for fame, 
for money, for love or for anything else, work with your hands, 
heart and brain. Say "I will!" and some day you will con- 
quer. Neve v let any man have it to say "I have dragged you 
up." Too many friends hurt a man more than none at all. 



TIKE OSTRICH. 



The common Ostrich is so well known that little need be 
said about its habits, its use to mankind, and the mode of 
hinting it. This magnificent creature, the largest of all 

existing birds, inhabits the hot, 
sandy deserts of Africa, for 
which mode of life it is wonder- 
fully fitted. In hight it meas- 
ures from six to eight feet, the 
males being larger than their 
mates, and of a blacker tint. 
The food of the ostrich consists 
mostly of the wild melons which 
are so beneficently scattered over 
the sandy waste. The feathers 
are too well known to need de- 
scription. 

The best time ..'or obtaining 
them is in the months of March 
and April; the greater number 
are furnished by means of the 
poisoned arrow, the native huuter scraping a hole in the sand 
near the nest, and lying concealed there until the birds come 
to their eggs, when a few rapid discharges will kill as many 
birds. Sometimes the hunter envelops himself in the skin of 
an Ostrich, his natural legs doing duty for those of the bird, 
and his arm managing the head and neck in such a way as to 
simulate the movements of the bird when feeding, an imita- 
tion so admirably managed that at a short distance it is impos- 
sible to tell the sham bird from the true; the enterprising little 
hunter is thus enabled to get among a flock of ostriches, and 
to shoot one after another with great ease, the birds not being 
able to understand the reason why their comrades should 
suddenly run away and then lie down, and permitting their 
enemy to follow them up until they share the same fate. 




As by flattery a man opens his bosom to his mortal enemy, 
so by detraction and slander he shuts the same to his best 
friends. 





14rS 



JUVBUILB INSTRUCTOR. 




$W%, 



m erica* 



BY ». M. (). 



ANCIENT RUINS. 



(C'irifiiiiii'il,) 




AT the base of the Eastern M mnfaitr-, some fifty leagues 
north from Vera Cruz, in the heart of fertile savannahs 
constantly watered by streams from the neighboring hills, a 
country remarkable for fertility, is located an Indian village, 
which has scarcely a white iihahitnnt. The name of this 
town and the region surrounding is l'aiiautla. Although only 
fifty miles Irom the enast, this ha- remained almost an unex- 
plored country. Humboldt ha- alluded to the beautiful and 
lofty pyramid and extensive ruins found in this forest, but so 
little interest have they created that the neighboiing Indians 
even hive scarcely seen them; an 1 it is almo.it impossible to 
tin 1 the path leading to the remarkable relics hidden in the 
wild and tang'ed forest. M. Nehel, a few years ago, was the 
first to describe and give us a drawing of the py amid, which 
consists of seven stories, each following the same angle ot 
inclination, ami each terminated, as at Xochicalco, by a fuze 
and cornice. The whole of this building is constructed of 
san 1 -tone, neatly s-quared and joined, an] covered to the 
depth of three inches with a strong cement, which, from 
appearance, was at one time covered with paint of various 
colors. The pyram d mea-ure- precisely one hundred and 
twenty feet on every side. Nehel does not give the oh ra- 
tion, but says there are fifty-seven st ps to the ton of the 
sixth story, each step mea -tiring one loot in bight. These 
s f eps a-cend from the front, d vided in three place- by small 
bvc "like recesses or niches two feet in uepth; an 1 the frieze is> 
likewise perforated with similar apertures. The stairway 
tciMiin ites at the top of the sixth story, the seventh appear- 
ing, although in ruins, to have been unlike the rest, ai 1 
hollow. Here, most probably, was the place id' worship, or 
shrine. The facing of the stones on this building i- decorated 
with hieroglyphics, carved in relief. The first story contain-* 
twenty-four niches on each side, in the second are twenty, in 
the third sixteen. There are three hundred and sixty-six id' 
these openings on the whole pyramid, and twelve in the stairs. 
It is known that other important runs exist in the forests of 
Papantla .an 1 Mesantla, which hrve never been de eril.ed. 
The ruins called Mitla are in the Mexican State of Oxaca, 
about twelve leagues east from the city ot Oxaca. They are 
situated in the upper part of a great valley, an 1 are 
surrounded by a vast uncultivated desert. At the time 
of the conquest they were old and much worn by time 
and the elements, but a very large area was covered by the 
remains of ancient buildings. At present, six, only, of the 
decaying edifices, and three ruined pyramids remain, ihe 
others being reduced to the last stage of decay. These impor- 
tant ruins were not described by Stephens and Catherwood. 
Captain Dupaix in his work gives some account of them. 
Mayer (1S4T) a brief description, and Chain ay photogrii] bed 
some of the monuments in I860. Four of the standing 
edifices are described by Dupaix as "palaces," and these, he 
says, "were erected wi: h lavish magnificence. They combine 
the solidity of the works of Egypt with - the elegance of those 
of Greece. But what is nio-t remarkable, and interesting in 



these monuments, and which alone would be sufficient to give 
them a first rank among all known orders of architecture is, 
the execution of their mosaic relievos, very different from plain 
mosaic, and consequently requiring more ingenious combina- 
tion and greater art and labor. They are inlaid on the surface 
of the wall, and their duration is owing to the method of 
fixing the prepared stone- into the -lone surlaee, which made 
their union perfect.*' These ruins are so remarkable that all 
who have seen them speak of their perfection much as Dupaix 
speaks of the admirable deign an 1 finish of the work and 
beauty of the decoration-. Their beauty. sb.Vs Ch.nnay, "can 
be matched only by the monuments of Greece and Home in 
their best day.-." Spiaking of the structure, he says: "It is 
a bewildering maze id' courts and buildings, with facings orna- 
mented with mo ales in relief, of I be purest design. ' By 
antiquarians these buildings are called the "sepulchral palaces 
of .Mitla." According to tradition, they were built by ihe 
Zipoteca-, an 1 iiueuJ ' I a pla -e- of sepulture forth -ir princes, 
the vaults beneath tii • buiid'i a beiirj u el for that puipo.-c. 
An irher tra litem il-vitc* the buildings to a sect of priests, 
whose duty it was to bvc in pe.fl; t seelu >i an! offer expia- 
tory saciifiees for the royal dead wli i rcpo-j I la the vaults 
ben 'iith. The village of Mitla w.i- form u-ly cal e 1 M guitlati, 
in lairng a "place of sadness.*' and L so a, "til torn '(lie 

principal building Ins a length ol one hundred an I fifty feet. 
A stairway leuls to a subterranean apartment of a out one 
hundred lectin length, b.\ thirty in \v:d h, lie.: wa i- •>; which 
are covered with beautiful mo ale w irk, I'm a to thu c bat 
a lorn the cxt"rio ■ will-, resom iliiig very me th • ijurea 
fb md on Etruscan vases. 

The ruins of Mit a are lisl'miiii-hol Irom o'her ancient 
architecture of Mexico by -i:c eo niiin- of |>or| liyry p'a-ed in 
th ■ centre ol'a large ,-alooii. ail ! -upp irting the c i t i ■ ■ _r- They 
hive neither ba-e no.- l-m jiit u ■-=. an I are cut in a gradually 
tapering shipe, f'.om a sudd tone nine than fifteen lectin 
length. 31 . De Liguii i h.i- d -en u d am nig the iu ns some 
carious paintings of war tiophie all 1 acrifice . 

Two mile; (';,, :n the grouted fi.-os, mentioned, n e the ruins 

of the "ea-tle of M.tla." It Was built be uniliiit of an 

i-olaied and precipitous hdl i f rock, which is aeee-sil le only 
on the e.i t side. The wii ile level ed summit of ibi- hill is 
en do ed by a solid wall ot' ii iwii -to i •. tiv.-n y-one feet thick 
an 1 eighteen feet high. Tin- wii i- i-adcut ami ictiriug 

aneles, with curtains inteip I- and on th ■ ia t side it is 

flanked ly d Hiiile wall-. Within tie enclo.-ure are ihe 
remains of several buildings Tin :c hundred y ar- asro the 
field of these rums wa.s vc y large, a.i 1 undoubtedly included 
this ea-tle. 

In this part of Mexico, Dupaix discovered a pr cu'iar ruin: 
an i-olated granite rock, formed artificially into the hape of a 
pyramid, with six hewn steps facing ihe ea t. The summit of 
this structure i- a platform or pi me. This monument was 
undoubtedly used lor a ■iron imical observations, ll.r on the 
south .-ide of the rock are sen piured seveial figures having 
reference to a.-tronomy. The most striking figure is that of a 
man Iu profile, stau ling erect and directing his view lo the 
rising stars in the sky. lie holds in hi- baud and to his eye 
a tube or optical instrument. Below his leet i- a frieze, 
divided into six compartments, with as many celestial signs 
carved on its surface. 

Fiiiely-w; ought "telescopic tube.-" lave been found among 
the remains of the Mound Builder.-, and also in ancient Peru, 
where a silver figure of a man in th ' act of using such a. tube 
has been discovered in one of the old tombs. 





J- TJ VE IsT I ID El IITSTBUCTOR 



143 




Latrobe, on page 144 of his "Rambles in Mexico," relates 
that some workmen, in excavating for a canal at Chapingo (a 
village near Tezeuco), reached, limr ieet below the surface, an 
ancient causeway. The cedar piles 1 y which the sides were 
supported were >ii!l sound at hi air. And three feet below the 
edge of this ancient w«.: k. they discovered i he entire skeleton 
of a luastaton. imbedded in the clay. The diameter of the 
tusk was eighteen inches. Wherever extensive excavations 
have been made "ii the (able-land and in the valley of late 
years remains of this, animal have a'mo-l a'wavs ' ecu found. 
In the foun latiou of tlie Church of Guadalupe, four leagues 
to the south (if St. Niehola--, in the province of Guadalaxaia, 
portion "! the ^ k t ■ ! o : < > 1 1 of this animal have been iliscovered, 
Mayer wisc'y enquire.-: "Hal the ancient inhabitants tif 
America sinuo me: n; of taming the-o In asts into lnl orcrs fbr 
their gigantic archilec n e?" and we quote from the Bunk of 
Ether (Hook of Mormon), [age o.'i.'l. an an-wer: "and they 
also had horses and awe-', and thine were elephants and 
curelom , and i-ituinin-; all of which were u.-efui unto man, 
and more o.-peeially the e'ei hunts, and eureloius, and 
cumnms." 

Old ruins, of which but little i- known. oxi-t in Guatemala, 
Honduras and San Salvador. Mr. Squire mentions the ruins 
of Opico. in the la t named place, which cover nearly two 
square miles, an ! in i-t of va-t terraces, ruins of buildings, 
circular an 1 qn tie towers an ! subterr-inean galleries, all I uilt 
of bean ti I'u! cut stone. Remains of iunnon e works exist in 
the district of Chontale , near the no tliern shore of Lake 
Nicarauga; and the pottery ware found in this vicinity equals 
the best specimens of Mexico and I'eiu Don Jose Urrilia 
describes a gnat ruin on a mountain near Camapa, of an oval 
form. Within the eiiclosuio the stieeis and roads may le 
traced. Many mined build rgs eon tincted of .-tone ami 
cement remain. Besides the /;•**■*■< ,il,,,i. these stents bear 
hieroglyphics painted with a red varni h which still remains 
unimpaired. 



-<3>* —*.>*- 



THE 



CONVERTED BOOT- 
JACK. 




IN one corner of the niaei.-trate's iflicc stood a boot-jack, 
grumbling discontentedly. 

"Whit a miserable sort of life is this I lead, standing here 
in one spot all the time, and waiting on my master-, the boots, 
the boots! How dirty they are sometimes loo, and how they 
ill-treat their poor scrvan ! Kven while lam drawing one off, 
the other one tramples on me. Ah! it is they who have the 
good time, traveling about to see [he world. While I stay 
here in one place, they are walking out in the sun-bine, and 
when they are tired, it is 'Here, you hoot-jack,' and I must 
pull off (heir honors, after which they settle down some- 
where for a comfortable time." 

The boots thus referred to belonged to the magistrate's clerk, 
who bad taken them off for his own comfort. At this speech 
they made long legs at each other, and the right said to the 
left one, "Brother, wo have a good time! Wo master,-! It's 
plain the stupid boot-jack doesn't know how lucky lie is. 
Why the fool has the easiest time in the world, while we are 
driven about the livelong day, through thick and thin; in 
summer almost smothered in dust, in winter, frozen by snow, 
and when it rains, in continual danger of drowning. And the 
paving stones! Oh, the sharp things, how little mercy they 
have! I'd like to know bow much skin they have robbed of 



me this day. I'm really quite transparent underneath. This 
life of se v'ce is a wretched one, indeed!" 

The boor-jack wa- listening eagerly. 

"For my part, brother," rejoined the left hoot, "I can stand 
all the trampling about well enough; one gets used to that; 
but the brushing, with the dreadful rumbling ie.be, every 
morning an 1 evening, i- unbearable to me. I'd like to know 
how we can bo expected to shine, when we are so miserable. 
Nowjiiit look at. our muter! There he sit--, writing in per- 
fect comfort. Oil. if on i were on'y a clerk!" 

"Just my sentiments,*' sighed the boot-jack. 

The clerk sputtered the ink out of Lis pen, ami, leaning 
back In hi- eh ur, sighed also, exclaiming: "Heaven he praised, 
another day is over! A clerk's is certainly the most weari- 
some of lives. Whit is be. in fact, but a slave to the pen! 
II iw ditl'e. ent to being on i's own ma-ter, as the magistrate is, 
working only when In' feels like it, and growing fatter every 
day! I'm absolutely sick of drudgery and poverty. If I 
were on'y a magistrate!"' 

S i saying, he A,<-\v on his hoots and put his old slippers in 
the pocket of hi- threadl are coat. 

Just then the in igistrato entered, saying gruffly: "You can 
go. Your working time is over. Little do you know what a 
lucky fellow von are!'" 

"[leisurely in je-t." tlumght (he clerk, who made an 
awkward low and departe<l, I lie hoots creaking loudly. 

Then the magistiate went back into his sitting-room, but as 
he left the door open, the hoot-jack could sec all that went on 
in there. The fat old (ellow was growling out, in bis deepest 
ha-: "He's off I'eop'e nf that sort are the fortunate ones 
of the world," (then he sat down to his glass of beer, and 
began to sm^ko comfortably) — "while 1 — there lies that work 
to he fiui.Jicd by to-morrow. What is ihe minister thinking 
of? More and more to he done all the time, and not ;i red 
cent more for doing it. Ah. if I were on'y my own mas.er! 
The minister, now. is a happy man: he can command." 

"Strange, " th night tlu ho it-j ick: "this fat old man, too, is 
complaining." 

There was a knock at the door. "Come in," called out the 
magistrate, and the doctor entered. 

"You come in good time," said the former. "I do not feel 
at all well, an 1 yet inti-t work all night here. Oh. this 
service!'' 

'I'he doctor felt his pulse, looked at his tongue, and said: 
"My go id friend, you uni-t have sleep. All you need is rest." 

"Sleep! Wlnt, I?" yrowlcd out the old magistrate. "Doctor, 
whit a fori no ate m in you are, in being your own master!" 

At this the doctor laughed until he held his sides. 

"I my own master," lu evjlaiinsJ. "Aii, if it only were 
so! S iy, rather, all the world's servant. I've no rest by day 
or by night. 15 ;lieve ma, my dear friend, a doctor is the most 
bothere 1 of being-. The more sickness there is in the city, 
the more m isters h • h is. an 1 mistresses, too, into the bargain; 
and I toll you that is to he tormented." 

The do 'tor departs 1, and the boot-jack thought: "Another 
servant! I have plenty of company at any rate." 

AsecnnJ kno-k, an 1 in came the minister, excusing him- 
self politely for arriving so late. 

The inuiister spoke. ".My good Herr Magistrate, have 
ready lor me, earlv in the morning, the papers which are 
specified in the list. I need then;. I've ju-t come Irom our 
prince, who is in the worst of humors, and nave had a pretty 
bard time of it, to-day. I would gladly have tendered my 
resignation; then should I be my own master;" the boot-jack 





0" IT AT IE 2T I m. IE IITSTRTJCTOB 




listened in amazement — "but it would not do to deseit ly 
gracious sovereign at this crisis.'' 

"Why, what is the matter?" inquired the alarmed magistrate. 

"Ah!" sighed the minister, "we must have money, much 
money, and the coffers are empty. Believe me, no man is so 
harassed as a minister." 

"But what do we want of all this money?" said the mag- 
istrate. "Are our salaries to be increased?" 

"Increased!" exclaimed the other, "more probably dimin- 
ished. War is at our doors, the army must be put on a war 
footing, and the emperor needs the money for the troops. 
My poor master has not one peaceful hour, for cares of state 
will not let him sleep, and one council of ministers after 
another is calling in quick succession. These are, indeed, evil 
days!" 

The minister sighed again, so did the magistrate; but the 
boot-jack sighed not. He had heard all and said to himself 
with a laugh: "Servants, mere servants! Not even the 
emperor is his own master. ' ' And from that hour was he 
contented with his own humble lot, serving his masters, the 
boots, with perfect patience. — Selected. 



BIBLE .A. L IP :HI .A. B IE T . 



We find in an exchange the following alphabet in rhyme, 
v hich will doubtless interest our young readers, and at 
the same time prove instructive, if they will get out their 
Bibles and turn to the places referred to, and then read and 
remember. Sunday school teachers may also use it profitably 
as a lesson for Bible scholars: 

A was a monarch who reigned in the East. — Esther, i. 1. 

]J was a Chaldee who made a great feast. — Daniel, v. 1-4 

C was veracious when others told lies. — Num., xin. 30-33. 

D was a woman, heroic and wise. — Judges, iv. 4-14. 

E was a refuge where David spared Saul. — 1 Sam., xxiv. 1-7. 

F was a Roman, accuser of Paul. — Acts,xxiv. 24. 

<r was a garden, a frequent resort.— John xviii. 1-2. 

H was a city where David held court. — 2 Sam., n. 11. 

I was a mocker, a very bad boy. — Genesis, xvi. 16. 

J was a city preferred as a joy. — Psalm cxxxvu. 6. 

K was a father, whose son was quite tall. — 1 Samuel, ix. 1-2. 

L was a proud one who had a great fall. — Isaiah, xiv. 12. 

M was a nephew whose uncle was good. — Acts, xi. 24. 

>,' was a city, long hid where it stood. — Zephaniah, II. 13. 

O was a servant acknowledged a brother.— Philemon, I. 1C. 

I' wus a Christian greeting another. — 2 Timothy, iv. 21. 

R was a damsel who knew a man's voice. — Acts, xn. 13-14. 

S wus a sovereign who made a bad choice. — 1 Kings, xi. 4-11. 

T was i seaport where preaching was long. — Acts, xx. 6-7. 

U was a teamster, struck dead for his wrong. — 2 Samuel, vi. 7. 

V was ,i cast-off, and never restored. — Esther, I. 10. 

Z was a ruin with sorrow deplored. — Psalm cxxxvu. 



-•«>---«-^- 




The Bar -Boom.— Young man, has not your eye been 
frequently attracted to a sign having the following omin- 
ous words on it — "Bar." 

Avoid that place; it is no misnomer. The experience of 
thousands has proved it to be a bar to respectability, a bar to 
honor, a bar to happiness, a bar to domestic felicity, a bar to 
heaven. Every day it proves to be the road to degradation, 
the road to vice, the road to the gambler's hole, the road to 
the brothel, the road to poverty, the road to wretchedness 
the road to robbery, the road to prison, the road to the 
gallows, the road to the drunkard's grave, the road to eternal 
perdition. 



S TJ 1ST ID .A.3T LESSONS. 
FOB LITTLE LEARNERS. 



OX THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XI. 



Q- 

A.- 

Q-- 
A.- 

Q- 

A._ 

Q-- 

angel. 
A.- 
Q- 

A.- 
Q.- 
A.- 

Q- 

A- 
Q.- 

A.- 

Q.- 
A.- 
Q.- 
A- 

y.- 

A.- 

Q-- 

A.- 
hill. 



Who came to Joseph after he had fainted. 

■The same angel that was with him during the night. 

What did he say to him. 

•He called him by his name, Joseph. 

What did he tell him'' 

-The same things he had told him before. 

Did Joseph Smith tell anybody about the visits of this 

-Yes, he went back into the field and told his father. 

Did his father believe what he told him? 

-Yes, and said it was from God. 

What counsel did his father give him? 

-He told hirn to do as the angel had commanded him. 

■Where did Joseph go after this 

-He went to the place where the plates were buried. 

-Where was that? 

■In the hill Cumorah. 

Who told him they were there? 

-The angel Moroni. 

By whom was the hill called Cumorah' 7 

-By the Nephites. 

Was it ever called by any otner name? 

-Yes; by the Ja.-edites it was called Kamah. 

■Did Josepli find the plates? 

-Yes; he found them in a stone box, in the side of the 



Ancient Wonders.— Nineveh was fourteen miles long, 
eight miles wide, and forty-six miles around, with a wall one 
hundred feet high and thick enough for three chariots 
abreast. Babylon was fifty miles within the walls, which 
were seventy-five feet thick and one hundred feet high, with 
one hundred brazen gates. The Temple of Diana, at Ephesus, 
was four hundred and twenty feet to the support of the roof 
— it was one hundred years in building. The largest of the 
pyramids was four hundred and eighty-one feet in night, and 
eight hundred and fifty-three feet on the sides. The base 
covered eleven acres. The stones are about sixty feet in length, 
and the layers are two hundred and eight. It employed 
350,000 men in building. The labyrinth of Egypt contains 
three hundred chambers and svelve halls. Thebes, in Egypt, 
presents ruins twenty-seven miles around, contained 350,000 
citizens and 400.000 slaves. The Tempi." of Delphos was so 
rich in donations that it was plundered of $E 0, and 

the Emperor Nero carried away from it two hundred statues. 
The walls of Borne were thirteen miles around. 

TTJ-^IEIISriEIjIE I2TSTJR/CTOTOIR. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHEK SATURDAY. 



GEORGE O. CANNJN, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

ja-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, Utah. 
All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




