o^ , .? 




VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, FEBRUAEY 4, 1871. 



NO. 3. 



t'5 



C3r T'^Ei, J^ :Ei. TD OOLXjEO-E. 



'"PHE central building in the picture which wo give this 
■1- week, is said to be tlie finest specimen of Grecian 
architecture in America; and is even said to be the finest 
in modern times. It is Girard College at Philadelphia, 
iState of Pennsylvania. The outer walls, staircase, floors 
and roof, are of white marble, the inner walls of brick. It 
is in the form of a Corinthian temple, and has a portico 
of thirty-four columns each fifty five feet high and six 
feet in diameter. The four buildings seen in the picture, 
two on each side of the main building, arc also of marble; 
they are each two stories high. Besides these, there is 
another building on the grounds, not seen in the picture, 
which is used as s^ 
a laborattiry, bak- 
ery, wash-house, 
&c. These build- 
ings were begun 
in l.sSo, and open- 
ed (in New Year'.s 
day, ISlS. The 
pr<niises are sui'- 
ro u n d ed by a 
stone wall t e n 
feet high, euelos- 
i n g f () r ty-o ne 
ac r es of Ian d, 
laid out in play- 
grounds, grass- 
|)]ats, gar (I ens, 
A-<'. The cost of 
file buildings was 
over one million nine hundred and thirty thousand dol- 
lars. This college is for the benefit of ori)liau children, 
who are admitted between the ages of six and ten years, 
and are fed, clothed and educated, and between the ages 
of fourteen and eighteen they are bound out to mechan- 
ical, agricultural, or commercial occupations. 

JSIr. (iirard, the founder, in his will, iirovided that no 
minister or missionary of any denomination whatever 
was to hoM any connection with the college, or be admit- 
ted to the iiremises even as a visitor. The ollicers of the 
institution, however, are reijuired to instruct the pujiils in 
morality and leave them to adopt their own religious 
opinions at their entrance into life. 

Sli')ihen Girard, the founder of this college, was born 
near I'.ordcaux, France, May HI, IT'jO; he dii'ii in IMiila- 
dell)hia, December liii, 1.S3) ; in his .S2nd year. His father 
was a seaman, and when ten years of age he also went to 




sea as a cabin boy to the West Indies and New York. By 
degrees he arose to be master and part owner of an Ameri- 
can coasting vessel, and afterwards established himself in 
business in Philadelphia. In the meantime he kept up 
his trade with the West Indies, until it was suspended by 
the War of the Revolution. He had a remarkable capa- 
city for business, and was very strict in money matters. 
By these habits he rapidly multiplied his wealth, and 
soon became one of the richest merchants in Piiiladelphia. 
His character was a remarkable compouml of ajiparently 
conflicting qualities ; he was frugal and jjarsimonious, but 
not avaricious; in giving for public charities he was very 
^gs^ - _^^-,^,- ^_=g=j| lirofuse, but in all 
lis dealin gs h e 
i xacted the last 
larthing that was 
due to him. He 
•ontriliuted liber- 
illy to ail public 
miu'ove m e n ts, 
md adorned the 
■ity of riiiladcl- 
pbia widi many 
handsome builil- 
lugs. His jiroper- 
ty at the time of 
lisdealliamount- 
lm! to aliout nine 
m i I I i () n s. H e 
left but little of 
this to his rela- 
tives; the great bulk went to public institutions. Two 
millions of his jtroperty, besides a certain portion of his 
estate and a plot of ground in Piiiladelphia, he Ijeijuealb- 
ed for the erei^tion and supjiort of this college of which we 
give an engraving to-day. He was not a iiligioiis man as 
will be seen by the strange provision which he lel'l in his 
will res|)ecting ministers. 

Stephen (Jirarii's name is famous as that of a rich man, 
ai'il he was formerly referred to in this connei-tioii iiuuli 
more frei|Uen(-ly than at incseiit. Nine millions wa.s iin 
inimensi' sum for one man to accunuilale in the ilays in 
which (jirard lived ami for many yeais ailerwards. I'.iit 
in these days (here are many men in llic lIiiKcd Slates lo 
whom nine millions is not a very lar^e amount; lliey 
count their iiroperly and money liy scores of millions. 
These gi'cal fortunes were not so common before Ihi'war 
of the rcliellioii as since. I\b)ney is of much less vahn 
now than it was twenty years ago, and extravagance and 
wastefulness have increased on every hand. 



t 






k^l 



iX'^ 






'f^^^t 



w 



cr TJ "v^ E n^ I n. E in^sTi^TJOTOi^, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%\tamh\i «i %mmM %\\ix%^. 



S 



G-iXjiDinsra-.-nsro. 2. 



j)K8IDE.S j;il(liiij5 on silks, satins and otliui- textile fa- 
■U brics, contrivances have been resorted to for ages to 
ornament steel articles with gold, as well as copper, brass 
and silver. To do tliis the ter-chloride of gold is mixed 
with ether (or naptha will do) and thoroughlj' shaken np 
until the whole of the gold is taken up, so as to form an 
etherial solution of the precious metal. This is known as 
the "Auriini potahile" of the old school of chemistry (the 
alchemical) when gold was suppo.sed to jjossess great cura- 
tive powers, an idea that is not entirely exploded now. 
To [irejiare this fluid ether is more pleasant to use than 
nai)tha, as its smell is less oH'eusive, and its volatility is 
greater. In fact, any essential oil may be used; and, to 
to prejiare the ter-chloride of gold itself much trouble may 
be spared by using the gold leaf, which dissolves very 
reailily in the aijua regia. 

Articles may be written on with a camel-hair jiencil; 
pnlishrd metals of iron and steel are readily gihled in this 
way, as a surface covered with pure gold remains wher- 
ever the solution has touched. To make this coating 
more beautiful, it may be burnished in those parts that 
are in relief, and the others may remain as "dead gold." 
In this way fancy devices, such as emblems, mottoes, 
escut<'licous, Ac, are executed on swonis, helmets and 
other steel goo<ls. 

For watch cases, and other articles of c()i)i)cr and alloys, 
a ditlerent method is pursued. An amalgam of gold and 
ipiicksilver is formed, which is applied to the surface of 
the article to be gill. This process is an interesting one. 
Tlic line gold is made hot in an iron ladh', and dissolved 
iu mercury upiicksilver), (his forms a i)asty mass that is 
called "amalgam;" to sejiarate any free ipiicksilvcr (un- 
comltiiied men-ury) it issipieezed through a thin chamois 
li'ather, the liny iilobuli-i readily passing through. Next 
thing the article to be gilt is "pickled," that is, put in a 
w;ush of mercury and nitric acid (aquafortis). Then it is 
heated todrive oirimpurities, and the surface is thoroughly 
cleansed by scouring. Then the amalgam is applied and 
Hpreuil over the surface evenly, until it is sulllciently 
coated. It is then gradually healed over a idiarcoal lire, 
and the nicrcury is thus driven oil' by heat. .Should it be 
necessary to apply a second or third (Miating, this can be 
done. To this the term "double gilt" and "treble gill" 
refers. This kin'l of gililing wjis, forty years ago, very 
common, it is now supcrse<led by electrical means. 

There is a very simple methoil of pre[>ariiig a gilding 
|H)wder for artistic purposes: dissolve the gold (golil leaf is 
the readiest) in the aipia regia, as (Ics(rilie(l before, then 
|irccipit.ite the gold from the solution by a sohilion (if j;iirr 
proto sulphate of iron. When all the gold is thrown 
down (prei:ipate<l) wash and dry the jiowder. Jveep this 
for use; it is better, and mu<-h less trouble than the powder 
|>repared by grinding gold leaf to an impalpable powder. 
This process, in fa<:t, forms u very line gold bronze, that 
may be very efFectivcly used for the most delieato W7>rk of 
art. Should the "hIicII gold," however, be i)referred, it 
^^ m.iy be prepared by grinding leaf-gold with crystals of 
^> ^ the.snlpliateofpotii.ssa, and wa-hing out the sulphate; with 

hot water. 
^:^JLf The gold-leaf is sojil in books that are put up by the 
CJ 1^ "gold-beater," an artillcer who reduces the gold by iiam- 

i^2H< .=,,. 



' merlng it between membraneous substances until it is 
very thin indeed; it is said that 250,000 leaves would not 
be an inch in thickness! Tliis kind of gold is used for 
gilding by artists and gilders: our beautiful organ exhibits 
a tine specimen of gilding of this kind. 

The gilding of gold lace is a wonderful instance of the 
extreme divisibility of gold. A bar of silver of suitable 
size is covered with gold, this is drawn into wire, and 
when it is as line as a hair it is passed through rollers 
(called "flatting mills"). This makes the roost of the 
wire, which is then spun round silk of a rich yellow color 
for use. This kind of gilt thread is manufactured into 
"gold lace," epaulets, &c. It may be seen frequently in 
the beautiful figured brocades and muslins. In all coun- 
tries and among all peoples, in all ages, wherever gold 
has been known it has been used for purposes of adorn- 
ment; and, whenever the arts have made any progress 
its eeonoiuical use has Ijeeu a subject of consideration, and 
resulted iu some form or other of embellishment by 
gilding. Bi:th. 



BK.E^3D-J^ Timers STOK.3r. 



INHERE is a sort of .sacreduess about bread which docs 
not belong to any other form of food. It is as though 
we, like children, took the prayer of our Ijord, "Give us 
this day our daily bread," in a particular and limited 
sense. It is as though wo remembered always that He 
blessed and brake bread — that He was himself called the 
"Bread of Life." No wa,stefuliiess shocks us like the 
waste of "the statl' of life." In Germany, Sweden and 
Denmark, this sentiment has grown to a poi)ular supersti- 
tion. Hans Christian Andersen has a story of a proud 
girl who trod ujion liread, and thereby came to grief; and 
the German jieasants always jirophesy terrible misfortunes 
to the man, woman, or child who mocks at, or (lings away 
this good gift of Heaven, even in tht- form of the stalest 
ani! coarsest of their "black loaves," which, indeed, arc of 
too heavy and substantial a character to be made light ol'. 
The great Thirty Years' War, with its famines and dire 
distresses, i)robalily gave rise to this superstition. It has 
the strongest hold on the minds of I he peasantry, the des- 
cendanls of the ])cople who sulli'red most bitterly in that 
dreadful period, but all classes (jntertain it to a high de- 
gree — few are so reckless and profane as to .see without 
fear, or disjdeasure, a slight upon bread; and that brings 
me to my little story. 

When Napoleon's great army was on the march towards 
llussia, in the summer of the year 1S12, a portion of it 
passed thr>)ugh .Saxony — a proud, exultant, insolent set of 
lighters and spoilers, making free with all that came in 
their way, and often insulting the unodending pcoi>le. 
.Vmong otlicr (juiet towns, that of Oschatz was visited 
Willi this mighty swarm of Imperial locusts, and the in- 
lialiitants were called upon to pay tribute in the way of 
food and comfortable tpiarlers. It happeneil thataeom- 
pany of infantry halted before the house of a I'rotcslant 
minister, ami there demande(l food, ami the minister's 
son, a handsome little lad, with great, dark eyes, dee]), 
and grave, and thought I'ul, ran in to his mother for some 
bread. The good woman gave him a large brown loaf, 
such ii8 they themselves ha<l just been eating. It was, in- 
deed, their "daily bread." This the la<l took out and 
conrtc()Usly offered, with a knife, to a gallant looking 
young ollicer, who, to his astonishment and horror. Hung 
it ci)ntcmptnou.sly on the ground, saying: — "How dare 
you od'cr us miserabli- blai'k bread, lit only for swinish 
(ierman peasants? Uriiig us while bread, you young 
rascal!" 



f 



CrU^EISriljE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



■3 



19 



r. 



9^% 



The soldiers, hungry as they were, in the spirit of their 
officer, l^ielvetl tlie oflending brown loaf about, like a foot- 
ball, until they quite demolished it, and then shouted for 
white bread. But little Constantino replied bravely: — 
"We have no white bread, — we gave you the best we had, 
and you are very wicked to treat that good brown loaf so. 
My mother made it, and God punishes people who fling 
bread on the ground." 

The rude French soldiers might have made him sufter 
for his jilaiu speaking, had not the officer, looking a little 
ashamed, marched them on to other houses, in search of 
white bread, better suited to their dainty appetites. 

The incident had been witnessed by a crowd of people, 
who, shocked and indignant, all prophesied humiliation 
and misfortune to the discourteous strangers. After a few 
hours, the French troops marched ofT, and the old town, 
whose inhabitants they had bullied and robbed, returned 
to its quiet, steady-going ways. They marched on with 
splendid visions and magniliceut plans of conquest, glory, 
dominion, spoils and revels — to disaster, defeat — to un- 
utterable horrors of tempest, cold and death. The dread 
elements, the awful forces of nature, were arrayed against 
them — the blind avenging furies of frost and lire and 
flood. In the cold bosom of a strange land, unseen graves 
like icy pitfalls, awaited them; and in the clouds of an 
alien sky were even then being prepared for them, slowly 
and silently, from the soft oxlialations of the summer 
earth, vast winding sheets of snow. Many a green valluy, 
in which they gaily bivouacked, on the daisied turf, mur- 
murous leaves and sweet bird-chirpings over head, was 
but a few months later, to receive them in white silence- 
to invite them to beds of treacherous softness and fatal re- 
pose, overhung by leafless branches, sheathed in ice, — a 
spot seemingly abandoned by Nature, forsaken of Life, a 
gliostly valley of the Shadow of Death. 

When the people of Osehatu heard of the fearful reverses 
of that grand army, they said: — "It is little wonder if they 
all flung good bread on the ground, and kicked it about, 
after the manner of those Heaven-defying soldiers who 
marched through the town." 

At hist, the remnants of that proud invading host came 
straggling back through Germany. A miserable set of 
men were they — sickly, ragged, maimed, frost-bitten — 
humiliated and amazed to find the world slipping from 
the grasp of their deity, the great Emperor, — that the laws 
of nature did not come under the "Code of Napoleon" — 
that in his magnificent plans of conquest, he had left out 
the mighty disturbing elemental forces, had left out acci- 
dents, chances, providences, God. 

So it happened tliat the town of Oschatz was again 
visited by the French, and, strangely enougti it happened, 
to that very town came the sad remains of that very com- 
pany that had called down upon their heads the bread 
curse. Again they halted before the minister's house, and 
again little Constantino ran to his mother for bread. This 
time there was white bread, and he took out a large loaf 
and ofTered it to that very young ofHcer he remembered 
well, though now he saw him pale and emaciated, his 
brave uniform soiled and dilapidated, and one sleeve of 
his braided coat hanging empty. To the lad's surjjrise 
the officer recognized him at once; to his greater surprise 
he burst into tears, and refused to take the tempting loaf, 
saying:— "No, my good little friend, I cannot take this, 
although I am very hungry, as are my men. Bring us 
black bread, such as we trampled under food in the sum- 
mer, — that ia better than we deserve. Qod has indeed 
jiunished us for our arrogance." Then little Constantine 
went into the house and got a brown loaf from liis mother, 
and all the cliaritable neighbors contributed from their 
stores, far more willingly than they once had done, feed- 



ing the poor crest-fallen fellows, and refreshing them with 
good beer, without addressing to them one reproachful or 
taunting word -without so much as saying to them':— 
"We told you so, you profane frog-eaters and bread- 
despisers!" This was the way in which the good people 
of Oschatz obeyed the command of the Lord:— "If thine 
enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst give him drink." 

One honest farmer, who had actually come to town that 
day to purchase a farm wagon and horses to replace those 
of which these same French soldiers had robbed him, now 
filled the new vehicle with sick and wouuded men, and 
so conveyed them several miles on their homeway, walk- 
ing most of the distance himself, to make room for a poor 
straggler. This unlettered "German boor" had probably 
never heard of a triumphal chariot, yet his rude wagon 
was one — only that the conqueror walked while the cap- 
tives rode. 

As for little Constantine Ilering, he grew up to be a 
profound scholar and a great physician, and what is bet- 
ter still, a good, brave, true-hearted man, and what is best 
of all he is living yet, — and though keeping pace with the 
century, year for year, and day for day, he does not seem 
old, for his heart is steeping in the dews of immortal 
youth, — beneficent charities and generous humanities, the 
enthusiasm of the scholar, the serenity of the philosopher, 
the faith of the Christian. — Selected. 



^$Ut%ti |Jodt?|i, 



IDOItT'T LE^^'VE THE 'B'J^Ti,l^/L. 



Come, boys, I have something to tell you, 

Come near; I would whisi^er it low — 
You are thinking of leaving tlie honiestead- 

Don't be in a hurry to go! 
City life has many attractions, 

But think of the vices and sins; 
When once in the vortex of fashion, 

How soon the course downward begins! 

You talk of the mines of Australia— 

They've wealthy in gold without doubt; 
But ab! there ia gold on the farm, boys. 

If you'll only shovel it out. 
The mercantile trade is a hazard, 

The goods are first high and then low; 
Better risk the old farm awhile longer— 

Don't be in a hurry to go. 

The great busy West has inducements. 

And so has the busiest mart, 
But wealth is not made in a day, boys — 

Don't be in a hurry to start! 
Tlie bankers and brokers are wealthy; 

They take in their thousands or so — 
Ab! thhik of the frauds and doooptions— 

Don't be in a hurry to go. 

The farm Is the safest and surest, 
The orchards are loaded to-day; 

You aio as free as the air of the niouidaiiis. 
And mouarchs of all you survey. 

Better stay on the farm awbilo longer, 
Though profits coiiih in rather slow; 

lleniember, you've nothing to risk, boys- 
Don' t be iu a hurry to go. 



W^^ 



if 



«sjn 



so 



J-TJ^ElSriI-.E! IISrSTI^TJOTOI?;, 



r^* 



t 



(^ ®^<t §\iS\tniU itt$|puclor» 



5S) 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1871. 

EIDITOI^I^rj THZOTJCS-HITS. 




( )VS anil irirls, who ;irc punctual at st-liool 
and aiv always tiiund at their posts when 
the scholars assemble, are very likely to 
make punctual, pains-taking, orderly men 
and women ; and there is scarcely a (luality 
that is more valuable in people's character 
than luinetuality. Just tllink of the many 
ways in which it is nianit'estcd. A iVicnd 
jiruuiises to meet anotlier friend at a certain 
he goes to the place appointed and his 
[id is not there ; he waits patiently, spending 
which is, probably, very valuable to him, 
after some time has elapsed, his friend 
cs his appearance, and, of course, is profuse; 
|)oliigies tor his lack of punctuality. Should 
lie make another ajiijointment, his promise to be 
there at a certain time will be received with consider- 
ile doubt; he has caused disa])pointment once and 
he may do .'<o again. A neighbor borrows a sum of 
money, or some tool or other article, from a neighboring friend, 
with the promi.se that it shall be returned at a ccrtiiin time, 
wliich lie names. His friend depends ujion his promi.se, and 
tlie time arrives, but there is a failure to fulfil his engagement. 
l>isappointmcnt is the result and confidence is weakened, and 
should this be repeated, it is destroyei^ J'unctuality is needed 
in almost all the relations of life. We rely upon our Father 
in heaven and his jiromises ; becau.se we know that lie is 
punctual ill fulliling His word. So it is with our friends ; if 
we have a friend whom we know to be punctual in keeping his 
aiipointment.s and his iiromises, when he telLs us that he will 
do a certain thing we rely ujion him confidently ; but if we 
have another friend wlio has disappointed us liy failing to keep 
his wiird, if he makes us a jiromise, we place no deiiendence 
upon it ; if he fulfils it, it is all right, but if not, we are not 
disa|ipijiiited, for we partly expected it. 

Children, cultivate habits of jmuctuality and jiromptness ; be 
at .school at the li(jur appointed ; if you make an engagement, 
be careful to keep it ; ob.scr\e your word strictly and let it be 
as strong a.s your bond. Aim to imitate our Heavenly Father, 
so that when you say a thing, men can rely upon your word. 



WE koew a boy who was with the Saints while traveling 
from Nauvoo in the wilderness, far from houses and 
farms and fenced ficld.s. (Jn the journey the cattle and hor- 
ses were turned out to run at large; and when the Saints 
.stojiped .M'Veral days or weeks, as they frei|uently did at sonic 
])laces liefore reaching Winter Quarters, they were sullcred to 
run without a guard or herdsiuan. Sometimes days would be 
spent in searching for the animals, and when work had to be 
done (|uick!y this was a great aunoyaneu. It was this boy's 
fortune on .several occasions to liav this work to do, an<l he 
soon found that faith could be exercised in hunting for cattle 
or horses, or catching the latter, as in any other business or 
pursuit of life. Frequently, when he failed to find the stock 
in the jilace where he exjieeted it would be, he was at a lo.ss to 
know what direction to take ; but lie made it a jiraetice to 



ask the Lord to guide him, and ho was generally sueeessful in 
finding it, being led to go in a certain direction by which he 
would .secure the cattle. In searching for oxen there was no 
difficulty in securing them, because they could be driven by a 
boy or a man on foot ; but in trying to obtain horses which had 
been running en the range for a few days it was a much more 
difficult operation. There are many horses that will not allow 
themselves to be driven from the feed or from the place where 
they have been accustomed to run. Faith, however, can bo 
used with excellent efl'ect under such circumst^inccs, as this 
boy frccpiently learned. If the horses that he wanted to catch 
were wild, he would pray the Lord to tame them and make 
them gentle so that he could get up to them, and when others, 
who were older than he, after several attempts to secui-e them 
had grown tired and ceased their efforts, he would be success- 
ful, and in describing it he attributed his success to his exerci.sc 
of faith in prayer. 

We knew him on the Sandwich Islands, and one time while 
there he had occasion to go a journey of some twenty-live 
miles to keep some ai^iiointments, and a horse had been pro- 
mised to him, which two natives tried to catch or drive u)) 
from the range ; they gave it up, the horse being so wild that 
they could neither drive nor catcli it. When the natives ctime 
back and reported their lack of success, he and one of the 
brethren who was with him went out with the natives to try to 
get it, and recollecting his old experience in catching animals 
under such circumstances, he proposed to his companion that 
they should pray and ask the Lord to enable them to secure 
the horse, and to the astonishment of the natives who accom- 
panied them, the aiilnial stood still and allowed him to go up 
and catt-h it, though it had been running wildly just previous. 

AVe relate this little instance to show our Juvenile friends 
that there is no business in life so trifling that there cannot be 
faith exerci.sed in it. By cultivating this disposition and feel- 
ing it will become natural to you ; and if in all times when you 
need aid you cry in faith to the Lord, you may rest assured 
that you will receive the lielj) j'ou need, if it be right that you 
should have that which 3'ou wish. 



WE are desirous of devoting some portion of our space to 
the publication of interesting and instructive sketches of 
missionary experience, remarkable manifestations of the jiower 
of (rod in the gifts of healing, revelation &c., for the benefit of 
our young readers. Under that head we would like to ])ublisli 
everything that would be illustrative of principle, and that 
would have a tendency to strengthen the faith of the Juveniles 
and give them confidence in (lod. We think our readers, who 
have read our missifinary sketches, will agree with us iu view- 
ing them as interesting and imjiortant. There has never been 
a jiublication, since the organization of the church, in which 
the acts of the apostles and the elders have been fully preserv- 
ed. A coUectiou of such acts, written in a concise, .simjile and 
interesting form, would be exceedingly valuable fiir jiosterity. 
The JirvK.Mi.E rNSTiiucroR is not a very ambitious iiajicr, 
but we think tliat a imrtion of its sp.ace can be jirofitably and 
delightfully occupied by sketches of this character. There is 
no elder who h:is traveled or who has had any exiierienee in 
the ministry, but what can furnish instances of this kind that 
are worthy of iireservatiou. Our object in writing this article 
is to appeal to the elders throughout the Territory to furnish 
us, in their own language, or give us the jioints, and we will 
arrange such insUuices as they describe. Of <'our.se, we reserve 
the right t« select or reject articles ; this we think our subscrib- 
ers will readily concede to us, as, from our ijosition as editor, 
we are luitterable to decide what will be suitalile for the perusal 
of Juveniles and probably older jieople. We shall be ]ilea.sed 
to have the ciders liear this iu mind, and receive an early res- 
pon.sc from them in the shape of articles. 



}s3¥^ 



ii 



iie* 



J"U"VEIsri3LiEI IZsTSTI^.TJOTOE/. 



€!5 

SI ■^^* 



J^ IFOn^TIIEI?. IFOK.T. 



OUR engraving represents a frontier fort, built witli tlie 
intention of resisting the attaclcs of tlie Indians. 
You will notice that tlie houses are built of large logs, 
with no windows on the outside. Between the houses is 
a stockade or high fence, too high to be easily climbed 
over. The entrance is by means of two heavy gates, 
which are kept shut when not in use. All the doors, 
windows and other openings, except small loop-holes to 
fire through, are towards the inside yard, in which yard 
the cattle are driven of a night, and in which the resi- 
dents of the fort do their work. We presume that a small 
detatchment of troops is stationed in the fort, for the 
reason that we notice "the tlag of our country" waving 
over one of the gates. 

We have two objections to the particular fort shown iu 
our picture. One is, 
it is built too near 
the hills. The In- 
dians might easily 
get on the neighbor- 
ing rising ground 
and fire into the 
yard.oreven through 
the doors and win- 
dows on the opposite 
side. This is a bad 
arrangement. A fort 
should be built, if 
possible, on a piece 
of ground higher 
than the surround- 
ing country, so that 
no one can got above 
it, and light the resi- 
dents from that point 
of advantage, and 
also that the people 
in the fort may have 
a wider view of the 
surrounding country 
by being on the high 
ground than if they 
were in the hollow. 
This would enable 
them to see the coming enemy at a greater distance. 

Again, there does not appear to bo any stream of water 
running through this fort, nor do we see a well. This is 
unwise. For, suppose the Indians were to come down 
from the hills and invest the fort, so that the people there- 
in could not get to the lake or river, shown in the dis- 
tance, what would the besieged do for water in a few days? 
Men can go longer witliout food than without drink. To 
die of thirst is more terrible than to die of hunger. So we 
think that those who built this place did not know much 
about what they were doing, or the artist has not given 
us a fair representation of the scene. 

Ever since the Saints dwelt in an Indian country. Pre- 
sident Young has been very urgent in his counsels to the 
brethren for them to locate in good forts, where their 
■wives and children would be safe, that being so much 
better than for men to go off by themselves twenty, fifty, 
or one hundred miles, with no neighbors but the wolves 
and the Indians. To take such a course is to throw temp- 
tations into the way of the Indian. Jesus taught his dis- 
ciples to pray to the Father to lead us not into temjitation, 
and surely we have no right to lay temptations in the 
way of others, not even in the jiath of tlie jjoor degraded 
remnant of the house of Israel, (hat wanders through this 



land. The Lamanite is ignorant; he has been taught to 
light and steal, .and it is a sore temptation to have white 
men come into his country, bringing with them just those 
things he covets most, without being strong enough to 
successfully defend them. Indians have enough sense 
to know that they cannot make much by attacking a 
strong body of men in a fort, the risk is too great, and the 
chances of success too small; but when they see a solitary 
family locate by themselves, with their horses, sheep and 
cattle, they know that there is an opportunity to run oil' 
the animals, steal what they want; and, if they are very 
angry, destroy the family. In just such a way have many 
Indian wars commenced, which would never have taken 
l)laee if the white settler had boon prudent and watchful, 
and not placed temptations in the way of the Indians, 

which they had not 
moral understanding 
enough to resist. 

Of course a fort 
built like this would 
be of no use in such 
a war as the one 
just ended between 
France and Prussia, 
or even against the 
Indians if they had 
cannon or mortars. 
A fort has always to 
be built with the 
view of resisting at- 
tack, and the builder 
must take into con- 
sideration in what 
way and by what 
means it i s m o s t 
likely to be attacked. 
A log wall will resist 
riOe bullets and ar- 
rows, the weapons of 
the red men, but a 
cannon ball, like 
those manufactured 
now, would make a 
hole right through 
such a wall; so in building fortifications to resist such 
missiles, earth, rock, iron-plates, &c., have to be used. 

In early days, when the sling and the bow were the 
principal weapons used in an attack, men considered 
themselves well defended by a single wall, or even a bank 
of earth, from behind which they could discharge their 
arrows, rocks, stones and other missiles against those who 
were coming against them. In process of time towers 
were added to these walls. These served two purposes. 
One was, it increased the front of the besieged, the other, 
it enabled them to attack the flanks or sides of the besieg- 
ers when they attempted to scale the wall. To aid in the 
defense, galleries, which projected outwards were built on 
the top of the walls and round the towers. In the floors 
of these galleries, holes were pierced, through which 
javelins were hurled and arrows shot on the head- ot tlie 
warriors below. These floors were sometimes so arranged 
that huge rocks could be dropped from them to crush those 
beneath, to which ropes were attacheil so that they could 
be pulled up again and then again dashed down. The 
invention of the battering ram rendered no change in the 
mode of defence necessary, except that of increasing the 
strengtli and thickness of the wall, the defensive works 
being compleleil by the digging of a deep moat or ditch all 




AT 






CTTJITEILTILE I 3^ S T I^ TJ O T O I^, 



I 



round the outside of the wall. But the invention of gun- 
powder has changed all this, and the art of fortification is 
now one of the most difflcult and complicated, and the 
invention of new kinds of cannon and other weapons of 
destruction renders it all the time subject to changes to 
withstand these new inventions in weapons of ofTence. 
This subject of modern fortification would be a very 
uninteresting to our young readers, so we shall here leave 
it without entering into details. 

G. R. 



9^1 



S,T3LJ^lDO-W I^JLIsTTOnyCIlvdlES. 



PROBABLY some>f our young friends have witnessed 
these very funny amusements, in public. They can 
be gotten up very readily at home, and during these long 
evenings they can afl'ord rare sport for little neighborhood 
gatherings. To arrange for them, fasten a sheet tightly 
across the space between the folding doors of your parlor, 
or midway of any large room. The space in front must 
be quite dark, and the back room where the performers 
operate, must be lighted by a candle or kerosene lamp, 
standing upon the floor, and at such a distance from the 
sheet as is necessary to make the shadows large or small, 
as desired. 

Thus you see the preparations are very simijle. The 
performance is equally so. To make an actor descend 
from above, he must stand behind the lamp and slowly 
step over it. Tlie audience will see first his foot, and then 
his whole body gradually appear ; and by stepping back- 
ward he can be made to disappear in the same manner. 
To throw an actor up out of sight, lift him slowly over 
the lamp, and bring him down again by reversing the 
process. Two gentlemen, or large boys, and one smaller 
one, with one lady, are enough for most pantomimes ; and 
the properties needed are easily cut from stiff pasteboard, 
wlien tliey cannot be obtained in the house. 

Numerous pleasing representations can be conjured up. 
Here are a few, given by some one unknown to us, but 
most of whicli we have seen, and Me can vouch for the 
sport they will create: — 

1. The barber's shop. The barber and liis assistant 
descend from above, and bow to the audience. Boy 
arranges cliair. Old gentleman enters ; is placed in the 
chair by the boy, who proceeds to cover liim with a sheet 
and ai)ply soap with a feather duster. Barber approaches 
with a huge razor. Boy trips up barber, whose razor cuts 
ofT customer's head, which is done by quickly turning up 
his coat collar, and drawing razor through his neck. Con- 
sternation ! They consult together and decide to throw 
the body up into the air, which they do, and then making 
their bows, ascend out of sight. 

-. The dentist. Same opening scene. 
A hugh tooth is drawn with tongs from under the iia- 
tient's coat. 

3. A duel, in which the sword can be run througli tlie 
actor by pa-ssing it bcliind liim. 

4. Witch going up on a broomstick. By stepping over 
the lamp. 

■3. Jack tlie giant-killor. The giant can grow or dimin- 
ish by moving the lamp backward or forward; and Jack 
can slowly ascend the beanstalk, whicli can be shown, 
and made to grow rapidly in tlio same manner. 

A little practice is needed to keej) the scenes well in 
focus, but when once this is had, any one can perforin 
admirably.— &;/cc^.r/. 



Silence is sometimea more significont than the most ex- 
pressive eloquence. 



UTS 



T O I^ "2" O IF 
o h: TJ E. O HI. 

(Continued.) 



TUB 



HAVING given you abrief sketch of the life of President 
Young's father, we will now rel.ate to you a few inci- 
dents of his own life. We shall of necessity for the want 
of space be compelled to omit many particulars. At an 
early age he labored with his father and assisted him to 
clear off new land, and cultivate his farm. Such a life 
was one of privation and toil. Many have thought Utah 
was a hard country in which to settle ; but the dilHculties 
of opening up Utah to cultivation and making a living 
here, have been few and light in comparison with those 
with which settlers had to contend in the d.ays of Presi- 
dent Young's boyhood. During the past fifty or sixty 
j'ears, as we told you in a previous number, comforts have 
multiplied, monej' is more plentiful and labor ,is worth 
more and is far better paid now than then. Even wlien 
he reached manhood he labored as few men work in these 
days, and the wages paid were very low compared with 
those paid now. New countries are not well-supplied 
with schools. The first care of the people is to secure a 
living, and this must be done even if school education be 
eomijletely neglected. When plenty abounds then schools 
receive attention. Time and leisure are likely to come 
with the possession of means, then children can be seiit 
to school. President Young never went to school but 
eleven days in his boyhood. By this you may know that 
his opportunities for obtaining learning were not such as 
the children in Utah enjoy. But still he obtained a valu- 
able education and training, which has been of infinite 
service to him in his position as leader of the people of 
God ; for, after all, it is only those who learn to exercise 
their mental and physical faculties wiio are truly educated. 
Many men who have never had school privileges acquire 
this training ; while very many, who have had every 
advantage at school, never acquire it; but are helpless, 
dependent and useless. President Young acquired iudus- 
tiious habits ; he learned how to sustain himself and to 
sustain others, and though he toiled with his hands he did 
not suffer his mind to remain idle. He thought, and 
thought deeply and correctly. His eyes were oisen to per- 
ceive everything valuable, he profited by it and stored it 
away for future use. This habit of close observation has 
been most valuable to him ; for, possessing a singularly 
retentive and tenacious memory, he has been able to draw 
from the accumulated stores which the constant observa- 
tion of his entire life has collected, knowledge and ex- 
perience which have been exceedingly beneficial to him- 
self and the people placed under his watch-care. One 
important lesson he learned in early life; it was one that 
circumstances so impressed upon him that he has never 
forgotten it, though having in his possession what may be 
regarded as great wealth, and that was to be economical 
and careful in his personal habits and expenses. A very 
important quality in any ruler, if he wishes to retain his 
popularity with the people ; but especially valuable among 
the Latter-day Saints, whose circumstances have been 
such as to demand the wisest and most prudent manage- 
ment to keep them from suffering. Tlie influence of his 
personal example in this respect, coupled with tlie judici- 
ous and com])reliensive counsel which he has so constan- 
tly given, has been worth an immense amount to the 
people over whom he has presided. They have been saved 
from much sufleriug, and been enriclied to an extent 
which but few can fully ajipreciate. In the .school in 
whicli he received his training he had to be careful of that 
which he had or go without. He has said that the only 



>4 



1^ 



I 



J TJ -V" E ItT I L E IlsTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



S3 



hat his father ever bought him. was made by an uncle of 
Bro. A. Merrill, the hatter in this city. Not many parents 
could afford to buy store hats for a large family of boys in 
that newly settled country. Their mothers had to make 
them caps, and you may be sure they had to take care of 
them, or they would have to go bareheaded, so with shoes 
and every other article of dress. 

Though his parents were devoted to the Methodist reli- 
gion, and their precepts of morality were sustained by 
their good examples, and he was taught by them to live a 
strictly moral life, yet he was reluctant to connect himself 
with any of the sects. There were defects in their sys- 
tems, a lack of knowledge and power of which he was 
painfully concious. Preachers labored with him to get 
him to become a member of their churches in early life , 
but it was not until his twenty-second year that he 
became inclined to be religious according to the popular 
idea. He then attached himself to the Methodist church. 
But he had suflficient light to understand that the minis- 
ters of the day knew but little about God and the gospel. 
If he asked them questions upon points that he wished to 
satisfy himself about, he found them ignorant, and if 
pressed for an answer, they would take 'refuge under the 
remark that "great was the mystery of godliness." This 
did not satisfy the yearnings of his nature. He wanted to 
know God, whom to know is life eternal, and he could 
not be contented with the ignorance which prevailed 
among religious teachers respecting Him. 
[To be continued.] 



J^IPOST^SY J^l^TJD TJE^E^SOiT. 



*^k 



riiHERE is no enemy which a country has that is more 
-I- bitter than a man who is a traitor. We see this in the 
war of the Revolution. Benedict Arnold was a trusted 
leader in the American armies, yet he became a traitor 
and sold himself for gold, anil became a most hateful 
enemy to the country of his birth and the cause to which 
he formerly belonged. The same is true of apostates from 
the church of God ; men who deny their God and the 
faith which they have received, and turu against them, 
often become most bitter opponents to the gospel and the 
people of God. One of the most striking instances of this 
kind recorded in the Book of Mormon is that of Amalie- 
kiah. This man was a Nephite, and had doubtless 
belonged to the church of God ; but denied the faith and 
became the leader of a party which persecuted the Saints. 
At that time the Nephites had a republican form of gov- 
ernment, which had been established about nineteen 
years. Amalickiah and his iiarty were in favor of a mon- 
archy, and he wanted to be the king; and they were 
determined to carry their point by force of arms if possi- 
Vile. Seeing, however, that the armies of the Nephites, 
who vrere under the command of a very able general 
named Moroni , were more nun^erous than his, Amalic- 
kiah thouglit it better to leave that country and unite 
himself with the Lamanites. Moroni, however, came 
very near frustrating him in this design ; for he made 
forced marclies and succeeded in heading thearmy of Amal- 
ickiah, and captured the greater portion of them. Amal- 
ickiah, with a small number of his men, succeeded in 
escaping. He was a restless, ambitious man, and being 
imbued, like all apostates and traitors arc, with hatred to 
his former companions and countrymen, he did all in his 
power to arouse a feeling of hostility in tixe breasts of the 
Lamnnites against the Nephites. He succeeded so well 
with the king of the Lamanites, that he resolved to go to 
war ; but some of his people were averse to such a war and 
they rebelled against him. He made Amalickiah com- 



mander-in-chief of that part of his army which was loyal, 
and gave him orders to compel the rebels to take arms 
against the Nephites. When the rebels found that the 
king was determined to force them, they formed a camp 
and chose a king, being resolved that they would not be 
forced into the war. 

In appointing Amalickiah commander-in-chief of his 
army, the king of the Lamanites did a very foolish thing. 
A man who will be false to his religion and betray his 
country and friends is not a man to be trusted under any 
circumstances. Amalickiah was an apostate and traitor, 
and was dead to every sentiment of honor and loyalty. 
He immediately began to plot for the destruction of every 
man that stood in his pathway ; "he had aimed to be king 
of the Nephites, and failing in that, he determined to 
secure the throne and kingly dignity among the Laman- 
ites. He marched against the rebels and camped close 
by them, and in the night sent a secret message to their 
king and commander, that he wanted to have an inter- 
view with him. 

Lehonti, whom the rebels had chosen king, durst not 
venture out of his camp to naeet Amalickiah, although he 
sent him three messages. Amalickiah then left his own 
camp and went over to Lehonti's and sent him a message 
to come and meet him with his guards. Night was a 
proper time to be selected for such an interview as he 
desired. He proposed to surrender his entire army to 
Lehonti on condition that he would make him second in 
command. The proposal suited Lehonti; he, doubtless, 
thought it a very easy way of obtaining victory, and being 
a very ambitious man himself he thought he could see 
his path clear to the throne, for if he had the entire con- 
trol of the army the legal king would be unable to offer 
resistance. He therefore, upon Amaliokiah's return, 
aroused his men, marched them to the camp of Amalic- 
kiah which he quietly surrounded. When the alarm was 
given, and the loyalists found themselves surrounded 
without any hope of successful resistance, they plead with 
Amalickiah to surrender and not to attempt to fight. This 
was the very thing that he wanted and it was easy for 
him to comply with their wishes. He delivered up his 
army to Lehonti, and broke the command of the king. 
Lehonti kept his part of the arrangement and made 
Amalickiah his second in command. 

It was with the Lamanites as it is with many other 
nations of the present day. When the commander-in- 
chief dies the ranking officer, that is the next in com- 
mand, takes his place. Amalickiah had no intention of 
acting for any length of time under Lehonti. What ho 
wanted was the chief command. To accomplish this he 
caused one of his servants to administer poison to Lehonti 
in small quantities, and by this means caused the death of 
his conmiauder. Au apostate first, afterwards a traitor t6 
his own country, then a traitor to the king whose service 
he had accepted, he had now become a murderer, and all 
through his lust of power. He had denied his God, 
proved false to his religion and was ready for the commis- 
sion of any crime that he thought would forward his 
interests. He was now in chief command of the army of 
the Lamanites, by what he probably called a skillful 
stroke of policy. He had united loyalists and rebels, but 
he was not yet'king; still lie could see before him the path 
by which he could reach the throne, and we will relate to 
you in our next, how he succeeded, through the commis- 
sion of more crime, in mounting its steps. 
(To be vonfinuid.) 



The credit that is got by a lie only lasts till tlu^ Inith 
comes out. \l^ 






S4r 



CrXJ^EISriLE insrSTK/TJGTOIEe;. 



^ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
TTiE DESTi^TJCTIOlsr OIF 
THE HOSTS OF 2?h: J^- 



TITE live iu an age when God has declared, by his pro- 
'' pliets, that he would do many mighty works in be- 
half of his people. So great indeed will be the power He 
will display, that He long ago declared "Behold the days 
come, that it shall no more be said, th^- Lord liveth, that 
brouglit up the chiklren of Israel out of the land of Egypt; 
but, the Lord liveth, that brouglit up the children of 
Israel from the land of the north, and from all the lands 
whither he had driven tliem." 

In ancient times the pious Hebrews were accustomed to 
speak of tlie power and greatness of God, by referring to 
the deliverance He wrought out for them by bringing 
them out of the land of Egypt ; but this is to be thouglil 
of no more by His people iu tlie last days, because they 
will have so many other great and glorious manifestations 
of his goodness and power for which to praise him. 

Here we have a small picture, which is intended to 
illustrate one of many marvelous events, which took 
place during the departure of the Israelites from the lan<l 
of Egypt. It represents the destruction of Pharaoh and 
his hosts in the Red Sea. 

After mucli jiUading, and many mighty works, Moses 
gained the consent of the ruler of Egypt, to the depar- 
ture of the children of Israel from their homes of 
bondage in that part of Egypt called Goshen. So Israel 
started oi^ their long journey to the promised Und. Soon 
Pharaoh felt annoyed tliat he had let them go. Tliey 
were such good .servant.- that he could ill alFord to lose 
them. Besides, he was a mighty monarch, he liked to 
have his own way; he was not used to be treated in the 











/5' 



w:»y that Moses had treated him ; and now Iiis former 
slaves were triumjiliing over him. .So hastily calling toge- 
ther his cliicftaiiis and the captains of his liosls, he swni- 
moiud his legions ami was ipiickly in j)iirsuit of the fugi- 
tive Hebrews. He found tlieni in a valley, near the l{ed 
Sea, tlie mountains around them, the sea in front, and he 
in their rear. Ho Ijoasted to his followers of his revenge, 
and of the certain destruction of the Lsraelites, for there 
wa.s no earthly way by which they could escajie him. Of 
tlie God of Israel and His almighty i)o\ver, wlien he 
stretched forth ilis arm for tlio succor and salvation of 
His people, Pharaoh anil his princes then thought or 
cared nothing. Indeed, among the inuUitiide of the 
Israelites, there were men who wen; without faith, many 
ignoniiit, many wicked, many stubborn, many l)liiid anil 
rebellious. They too could not seethe salvation of (iod. 
They feared for their lives. J'haraoh, lliey cried, would 
surely destroy them all either by the .sword or by driving 
them into the se.i. They exclaimed "it would have been 



better for us to have borne the burdens of our Egyptian 
taskmasters, than to be destroyed without hope, us and 
our little ones, here in tlie wilderness." They railed 
against Moses, they murmured against God. Indeed some 
were so sinful tliat they sought to kill Moses for delivering 
them from their slavery. 

Moses was not abashed, neither did he tremble. He 
knew that the great Creator had not led His people from 
Egypt to destroy them in the Red Sea, nor leave them in 
the hands of their persecutors. "Stand still" he cried to 
the people "and see the salvation of God." And that sal- 
vation was nigh at hand. As the Egyptians crowded up 
beliind them, thirsting for their blood, the waters of the 
sea in front of them were opened by the power of God, and 
into the chasm thus cut in the waters, the tribes of Israel 
tied and through it they passed, until the last one had 
reached the further side. 

If tlie Israelites eou'd go through the bed of the sea dry 
shod, why not the Egyptians? argued Pharaoh; and the 
cry of "onward" was given to his army. They reached 
the brink of the sea, they swept down into the watery 
chasm, close on the heels of the hastening Hebrews. They 
exulted that their slaves had not yet escaped ; they sang 
songs of triumjih to Egypt and her gods. But their .songs 
soon ceased, their voices were hushed, fear took hold of 
them and they found no means of escape. 

For the Lord looked unto the hosts of the Egyptians 
througli the pillar of tire and the cloud, and troubled the 
host of the Egyjitians. And took off their chariot wheels, 
that they drove them heavily ; so that the Egyptians 
said, "let ustlee from the face of Israel, for the Lord tight- 
eth for them against tlie Egyptians." 

And when the morning wius come, the sea in its strength 
returned to its jilace, and the Egyptians tied before it. 
But tlieir llight was useless, the waters gained ijuiekly 
upon them, it ciigulphed them, it covered tliem in one 
vast grave; and o^' all the liosts of the lOgyplians that 
followed Pliaraoh into the sea, not one returned to tell 
tlie tale in the cities that gave splendor to the lianksof 
the Nile. 

Then in the midst of Israel was heard the sound of the 
song of praise ;ind the voice of thanksgiving. And Moses, 
full of the Sjiirit of pri)|)liecy, extolled the name of i.\n\ 
Lord and forelold the wondrous things He would yet do 
for H is covenant peoj)i>' 

And .Miriam, the pr'i hetess, the sister of Aaron, took a 
timbrel in her hand, : iid the rest of the women went out 
after Iier with liimiM and dances. And Miriam also 
sang tlu! praises of I he I>ord, saying. "Sing ye to (he 
liord, for He hath tiiiim plied gloriously; llu' horse and (he 
rider halh lie thrown into the sea." 

When these things were aceoiiiplisbed, Moses led the 
jieoplo into the wilderness which is nigh unto Mount 
Sinai. (J. R. 



JjOOK not inourii fully into the past; it comes not back 
again. Wi.sely ini|)rove the jiresent — it is thine. Go forth 
to meet the shadowy future with a manly heart. 



vJXJ'VEiqriXjE iisrsTi?.xJOTOK. 

Is iiublished in Salt Lake City, Utah 'J'erritoiy, 
KVIOKY OlIlKIl SATl!UI).\Y. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

/Single Copy, per Anmim $2 50. 

iiinyln Vopij, for Hix Months 1 50, 

*^ Cniin lirouthi (o tliiH <'lty for the .Iiivi'.Nii.K Instimk roit will be 
rcciiviU at tlic odiif ol'our iiapir— lJit.si!iii;r Ni'.ws lii ii.DiNos. 



t>* 




