
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1874. 



NO. 20. 



TOZvdlBS I2Sr Xl<riDTJ^. 



THE costliest and most beautiful touibs in 
found in India. We give a picture of s( 



the world are 
some of those in 
the city of Hydrabad. They stand in inclosed court-yards, 
among little gardens, and are pure white domes, surmounting 
elegant edifices, ornamented with many-colored tiles, which 
glitter in the sun. 

Inside the graves the bodies lie under the centre of the 
dome, on a raised platform of carved marble. The inner sides 
of the tombs are richly ornauiented, and much after the same 
.style as the Alhambra of 
Grenada. 

Many withered flowers, 
chiefly roses and jessamines, 
are scattered about the shrines 
and terraces, the fmell of the 
decay of which mingles with 
that of incense such as is used 
in Roman Catholic churches. 

On the glossy marble floors 
are generally seated some 
fakirs, singing out the Koran 
with a peculiar voice, for these 
are Mohammedan tombs. 
They sway to and fro as they 
read, as do Jaws in a syna- 
gogue; and their unintelligible 
Arabic, in murmurs rising 
and falling, wander among 
the echoes of the fretted 
dome far above, till lost in 
the dark cornerb of the roof. 

However absurd and un- 
reasiinable the rites of these 
l)eople may appear to the 
.stranger who beholds them, 
he can hardly fail to be impressed with the exceeingly grand 
appearance of their tombs. 




TUB BJ^lvUBOO TK.EE. 



greater strains than heavier timber of the same size. Besides, 
in expeditions in the tropics, under the rays of a vertical sun, 
bamboo trunks have more than once been used as barrels, in 
which water, much purer than could be preserved in vessels of 
any other kind, is fresh for the crew. On the western coast of 
Southern Asia, the bamboo furnishes all the materials for the 
construction of houses, at once pleasant, substantial, and 
preferable to that of stone, which the frequently recurring 
earthquakes bring down upon the heads of the owners. The 

fact that the bamboo is hol- 
low has made it eminently 
useful fora variety of purposes 
— it serves as a measure for 
liquids, and if fitted with a 
lid and a bottom, trunks and 
tiarrels are frequeutlj' made 
o. i:. Even small boats are 
very often made of the largest 
trunks by strengthening them 
with strips of other wood 
where needed. In one day 
this tree attains the height of 
several feet, and with a micro- 
scope its develoi>uient can be 
easily watched. But the 
most remarkable feature about 
the bamboo tree is its blos- 
soming. With all this mar- 
velous rapidity of growth, it 
blooms only twice in a centu- 
ry, the flower appearing at 
the end of fifty years. Like 
o:her gras.ses, it dies after 
having borne .seed. The 
highest kind of bamboo is the 
Summet, In tracts where it grows in tlie greatest perfection, 
it sometimes rises to the height of one hundred feet, with a 
stem only eighteen inches in diameter at the base. The wood 
itself is only an inch in thickness. 




PKOliABT.v this tree .subserves more purposes of usefulness , 
than any other in tlie whole range of nature. The Indian 
obtains from it a part of his food, many of his household 
vvtensils, and a wood at once ligliter and capable of bearing 



Altiioi:(M1 the Devil !■■ the father of li,^s, beseems, like 
other great inventors, tn liave lost nnich of his rejiutatioTi by 
the continual im] vnvv nitnts that have been made upon 
n'r.n.—Swi//. 





S30 



oTTJ^EISriXjE in^STI^TJCTOI^. 




THIE BOY J^G-J^SSXZ. 



liV fllARLKS BARN'AKD. 



CIJAl-TER I/J.—IUS SCHOOLS AXD TEACHERS. 

10UIS AiiASSlz was very fortunate in his scliool da.vf. The 
J different schools that he attended were all pleasant places. 
First he went, at eleven years of age, to Bienne, in the western 
part of Switzerland. After stayins there four years, he 
joined the academy at Lviu.sanne. Think of going to .school at 
Lausanne I Peojile cross the Atlantic and travel over half of 
Europe merely to visit this beautiful city. And here Louis 
lived two whole year.'', except when at home in the" Valley of 
the Orbe. during his vacations. What a place for a school ! 
The Lake of (leneva, the woody hills all about the town, the 
gardens and vineyards, and over the blue waters stand the 
Alps. The town is built in a curious fashion, on two steep 
hills, and there is a bridge over the valley to join the streets 
togethei'. In the centre of the town stands the great cathe- 
dral, with its monuments, jiietures. and painted windows. 
Everywhere are jileasant walks over the hills and down to the 
water side, where tlie steamers call on their voyages around 
the lake. 

We ahniist wonder how any boy cnuld study in such a place. 
He would always want to look out at the window at the lake or 
the uiountains. o)- down to the shore and watch the boating 
or bathing parties. With all his love of nature, Louis was not 
the boy to neglect his studies. Much as he liked to roam 
through the woods and study ])lants and living creatures, he did 
not think he could neglect liis education for such things as 
these, delightful as they were. 

He meant to be a doctor when he became a man, and there 
was no time to be lost in getting ready. He .soon fini.shed his 
two years at the academy, and left Lausanne fi)r the 3Iedic:al 
School at Zurich. Here, ag;.in, he is in a town famous the 
world over for its beautiful scenery. Another lake, more 
mountains, and charming walks in every direction. Certainly, 
Louis was favored in his .schools. The Medical College at 
Zui'ieh is one of the best in the world, and we may be sure 
tliat he made the mo.st of his chances. Ho remained in 
Zurich for two years, and then removed to the University at 
Heidelburg, in Germany, and after that he went to the Univer- 
sity at 3Iunieh, in Bavaria. 

The.se were the schools he attended when a boy and a young 
man, but at the .same time he went to another school and had 
other and greater .schoolmasters. The schools at Bienne, and 
Lausanne and the colleges at Zurich and Heidelburg could not 
teach him half so nnieh as the great stone book that was 
always ojien before liim whenever he walked out in the fields 
or gazed ui)on the mountains. The Aljis were his real school; 
and the clouds, the brooks, the silvery waterfalls, the lakes, 
the glistening fields of snow, and the glaciers were his school- 
masters. We may be sure that every moment that could be 
spared fiTim ids books were given to the .study of the.se things, 
and that he was ever ready to learn whatever Nature had to 
ti'll bin]. The moment his vacations relea.sed him from his 
book he was off to see where the white and foanung brooks 
pu.-^hed sandy capes out into the lakes. He climbed over the 
hills and pu.shed boldly on close up to the edge of the snow- 
fields to see the pale, delicate, alpen flowers that bloomed so 
near the ragged ice. He measured the piles of rounded stones 
and rubbish, thrown u|i in such vast heaps just where the freez- 
ing water rushed in foam out of the green walls of ice that make 
tlic lidttiim of the great finzen rivers called the glaciers. He 




wondered where such piles of stone came fiom, and what had 
made them all so smooth and round. With iron spikes in his 
shoes and with an alpenstock in his hand, he ventured out over 
the slippery ice river.s, and wondered wheio they came from 
and if they moved. Everywhere lie questioned things and 
asked what everything meant, and what it was designed to do. 
The rocky peaks, the snow-fields, the ice-rivers could not 
speak, but to the young Louis they had a language he could 
understand, and in time he would learn its alphabet and 
perhaiis spell out the wonderful things they had to tell. 

The birds, the fishe-, the brooks, the glaciers and the moun- 
tains all had .something to say to him. If he had time he 
would give his whole attention to them. -and try to understand 
them, that ho might write out what there was to be leirned 
so tha' men ccu'd see what a wonderful thing this great 
world is, and how grand and wi.se the Good Father's plans had 
been in nuiking it. But that could not be. He must study 
medicine at the schools and become a good doctor, and learn 
what to give a little girl with the tootiiache or how to mend a 
boy's finger if he cut it with his knife. 

Perhaps a; he saw these things and thought about his 
studies at the schools, he may have wi>hed that it was differ- 
ent, and that he might always .study the rocks and the 
rivers, the world an;,l all the strange thing.s it held, and 
leave the medicine to somebody else. As he looked at the 
alaeiers he wondeved what su;h strange frozen rivers meant. 
They had a i-eoret. No man understood how th(y came there 
or how long they ha 1 existed, and no one could explain the 
rounded stones that lay in such long winrows on the top. o- 
could tell how they got there. What a glorious thing it would 
be to camp out on the edge of some glacier, just where it 
seemed to sweep down between two mountain peaks like a 
river, and to watch it day by day to see if it moved, and to 
L'arn all its strange story! If he could oii'y do some such 
splendid work as this, how gladly would he give up being a 
doctor and leave the medical .schools forever! 

It would never do. He could never earn anything in watch- 
ing the birds and fishes and in roaming over the snow-fields of 
tho High Alps, or in watching the cjacicrs. It was all a 
dream, and he nunt give it up and go to work and earn a 
living. Well, if it came to that he would go without the 
money. Perliaps he could earn enough money to support 
liimself by teaching, and then he would content himself with 
a very little, and give his time to the study of the great book 
of nature. 

And .so- he did. He never became a doctor, but instead of 
that he had his great wish (ind studied the rocks, fishes, ice- 
rivers and mountains, and men called him the great naturalist. 
He never did make much money at it, — he did not care for 
that. He found out liow tl^e glaciers moved; he learned more 
about fishes than had ever been known before; and he became 
one of the greatest teachers that ever lived. 

All his life long he stucied the great picture book of the 
world, and colleeted specimens of every bird that flies and 
every fish that swims. He traveled over the seas and visited 
many strange countries, and wrote many things about them 
that you should all learn to read. During a large part of his 
life he lived in America, and the Swiss boy who used to fish on 
the Lake of Neuchatel became the great" teacher at Cambridge 
— Professor Aaassiz. . .-, 



READiNii makes a full man; conver,«ation, a ready man; and 
writins, an exact man. 





0" TJ "V" E n^r I L El in^sTi?.TJCTOi^ 



S31 




Xj^^-Uistgiihstg j^ smip. 



BIT few of our little readers have ever seen a ship, an 1 
jirobably niit one lias cvjr seen a ship launched. It is the 
launch of a ship that is lijustrated in the acconipanj-ing 
engraving. Yards where sea-going ships arc laiilt are always 
at points readied I'y tlio tides of the sea. The ships are built 
on the land, but elo.-e to the edge of the water. When the 
hull of a vessel is conijileted the is then ready for launching. 
The time selected fur launching is at what is called a spring 
tide — when the tide is at its liighe.-t point. The track on 
which the ve.ssel i-s to jiass into the water is greased so that 
her descent will b3 .sniooth and ca~y. Every obstruction is 
removed, an;l it require, a ve/y slight blow generally to start a 
ship towards that element in which it is destined to float during 
the remainder of its active life. It is ihe custom to select a 
young lady, generally the daughter of the owner or the builder, 
o; some nsar fri and to bestow ih' name on the ves-el.- This 
ceremony is psrformed by crac-king a l.ott'e of wine across the 
bow of the ship, and calling it by the name which it is to be 
known by. At the nionent the bottle is cracked, the ship 
starts for the water, frequently amid the music of bauds, the 
waving of flags, the hurrah's and shouts of the spectators, aud 




WMfmmf^M 









\:^*j';i5 





sometimes the firing of cannon. After a shii> is launched her 
lua-sts are put into her, and i-he is rigged and fitted up and 
mide ready for sea. 

We have .somewhere reid that at an English dockyard a 
grea' ship was to be launched. An immense multitude assem- 
bled to see it glide down the >lides that were to >end it into 
the water. The blocks and wedges were knocked away, hut 
the massive hull did i;ot stir, and there was disappointment. 

Just then a little buy ran forward, and began to push the 
shiji with all his might! Tlie crowd broke out in a laugh 
of ridicule, but it so happsnad that the ve.sse! wa- almn-t ready 
to move; the few pu-hes from the lad wjie al that were 
needed to start it. and away it went into the water. 

This teaches an important lesson to every Ijoy and girl. You 
(iften think that the little you can do is of no account. You 
don't know that. .V little word, a kind act, however small, 
may be, and often is, the tm'niiig-]"mit is one's histiiry, 
and .sometimes of great imiKirtancc in its influence ui on 

nthcr.s. 

.V g 1 deed, or the resistance of a tenijitatiKn. may start 

up good thoughts in the mind of a jjlaymate, an 1 1 ail In other 
good thoughts and deeds. Tlie train of tliuuglit in ones 
mind is like a train of cars. Tlie litt'.e iron frog or tongue on 



the rail, no longer than your finger at its point, may direct the 
locomotive upon the right track, or. if wrongly placed, may 
turn the engine aside and hurl it down a steep bank to fearful 
destruction. So the smallest word mav start the mind on a 
right or wrong track. 

Young friends, your little words, little thoughts, and little 
works are important. Strive earnestly to be risrht. nijble, 
generous, at all times, in secret and in public. When in the 
future, we come to .see the great map of human action .sjiread 
out, it will be found that we have been daily exerting an 
influence that is eff'ecting the characters of all we come in 
c-:;intaet with. Give a good push at the ship: do a good deed, 
no matter how trifling, whenever and wherever you can, and 
trust to God for the result. 



I1jEISXJK.E. 



" tr 1 had leisurel would repair that weak place in my lence, ' 

1 said a fanner. He had none, however, and while he was 
drinking cider with a neighbor, the cows brok'e in and injured 
a prime piece of corn. He had leisure th^n. to rejiair his 
f.;nce, but it did not bring back his corn. 

Said a wheelwright last winter. ''If I had ki ure I would 
alter my stove-pipe, for I know it is not .safe.' But he did not 
fi-id time, and when his shop caught fire and burned down, he 
found leisure to build another. 

''If I had le;.-ure I would have my work done in season,'' 
sdda me.dianic. He thought his time was all occupied, but 
hi was not at work till after sunrise, quitted wo.-k at five o'clock, 
smoked a cigar after dinner, and s;ent two hours on the street 
talking non-ense to an idler. 

' If I had lei.sure,"' said a lueichmt, "'I woidd p ly more 
attention to my account--, and try to collect my bills more 
liromptiy. " The fact is, my friend, if you had leisure, you 
wjuld probably jjaj- Ic.ss attention to thj matter than you do 
now. The thing lacking with many p.ople is. not more leisure, 
but more resolution. The spirit to do — to do now. If the 
firmer who sees his fence in a po.jr condition w<iuld only act at 
once, how much might be saved. It would prevent breachy 
cattle making cpiarrels among neighbors, law.-uits and an endle. s 
amumt of expen.se and ill-feeling. 

The persons who complain most of want of lei.sure ate those 
who are leady to neglect their business on any slight pretext, 
and who, in consequence, allow their work to drive thein, 
instead ot being able to drive their work. The active, indus- 
trious, tliorough-.coing man can always find, or make, time to 
attend to nects ary business and improve his mind too. but 
the sluggard and the drone find time for neithc. 



-«a>«>— - ^fr* "♦^^ 



ABov's Apviri:. — H jury flay r.e.er liked to see duml) ani- 
mals worried; and once, pas.sing down an avenue, he descric<l a 
crowd at sport with a billy-goat. 3Ir. (.'lay dro\e ■.hem away. 
As they scampeivil, billy, seeing no one but 3Ir. Ciay within 
reach, made a charge at him. Clay diopped his cane, and 
caught his goatship by the horns. Tiie goat then took to rearing 
up. being nearly as tall , as the tall Ki'iituckian himself and the 
latter had t(p inill liiiii down a;;ain. This soon bcc-amc tireMiim ; 
Clay could coiicri\c of no way to ficf hi in self; >o.- in his despi'i- 
atioli. he .sang onl to ihr boys lo know what to ,lo. One of 
the smallest ol' the crowd shoutcil liack. "liCt uo. and run. you 
fooll" .('lay always maintailud that, tliouuh he si.uned the 
Treat ^' ol' ( I bent. \ft I bat i aL.vL;rd boy kiic'W inoii- tlian he di 





S3^ 



J" TJ "V E I<r I L E IIsrSTI?/XJGTOI?.. 




OH^IPTEI?. OIT FJ^T^-JROTS. 



Frimi Appleton's Journal, 



V[7e had two, boti )f the African species, ash-colored, w'Vi 
T a tip of rea on their tail-feathers. Of "Polly," who 
was bought at Leadenhall Market, in 1856, I gave an account 
in the Galaxy, several years ago. Of "Poll," purchased to 
relieve a poor tradesman from an execution in his house for 
rent, I have less to tell. She had lost her beauty by a scald 
on the head, and never possesed the winning ways of her 
companion. She would, indeed, say, when the reason of her 
bald pate was asked, "I've been .scalded;" and, whenever a 
bald-headed gentleman entered the room, she shouted to him, 
"You've been scalded!" and then, turning to her friends, and 
changing her grammar ci.irrectly. would cry out, to our infinite 
annoyance, "He's been .scalded! " She could cry, "Hip, hip, 
hurrah; three cheers for the (jueen!" could sing and dance to 
the tune of "Polly put the kettle on, we'll all have tea;" and 
would ask verj- peremptorily for her meals: "Thomas, fetch 



mv dinner — Poll's hung 



But she h.ad no winning wa}'.«. 




made no friends, did not discriminate character, and left the 
memory of only a single trait worthy of record. That trait 
was certainly singular. She caught everybody's laugh. I 
never noticed the peculiaritj' of laughs in my family till "Poll " 
began to simulate them. From the feminine giggle to the 
masculine guffaw — from the boi'-terous laugh of the childern 
to the titter of the house-maid, catching the gamut of every 
member of our household, even to the sujjpressed hiccough of 
James the footman, whose good English breeding allowed 
only the slightest demonstration of any sentiment whatever — 
"Pull" would deliver by the hour a series of idosyncratic 
laughs, which, auuising enough at first, made her imitations at 
last an intolerable nuisance. When she once began her cachin- 
nations. nothing would stop her. Indeed, when attacked by a 
gout that ended her life, her very last breath shajied itself 
into a giggle, so true to its original that to those who stood 
around her cage, nmurning over her death-agonies, it was 
irresistibly ludicrous. Laughing herself she died in the very 
odor of laughter. 

They tell a good story in Newgate Street, Lomloii. ot a 
parrot or of two pari'ots rather, a gray and a green one, 
belonging to Morley. a tradesman in the Old Bailey, just 
opposite the prismi. which is vouched lor as true in the strictest 
sense. The man had a wonderful "bird-sense." and his power 
of training birds became famous throughout the metropolis. 
He had taught his green parrot to si)eak whenever a knock 
was heard at his street-dnor; but, when the bell of the same 
iliHir was rung, he had taught the gray parrot to an.swer. The 
liimse, .still standing, has (ine of those projecting porches that 
prevent the second story from being seen from the jiavement. 
Oiui day, a person knot-kcd. "Who is there'?' asked the 
green iiarrot. "The man with the leather." was the reply. 
The bird answered, 'All right!' and then became .silent. 
After waiting some time, and not finding the door opened, 
the man knocked again. "Who is there?" again a.sked the 
green jiarrot. "Who's there'.''" cried the port«r outside. "It's 
I, the man with the leather; why don't you upen the door'?' 
"All riirht !" repeated the parrot, which so enraged the man 
that he furiously rung the bell, "do to the gate! " shonted a 
new voice, which proceeded from the gray parrot. "To the 
gate! " repeated the man, seeing no gate; "what gate'?' 
"Newgate ! Newgate !" resp'mdcd the gray parrot. The porter 
was enraged ; but, stejiping across the street, the better to 
answer what he suppo,sed to be the in.solenee of the house- 



maids, he saw that he had been outwitted and teased by a 
couple of parrots. 

This same Morley had been employed by a gentleman, who 
had heard of his knowledge of birds, to purchase for him a 
white cockatoo. The price was of less importance than the 
health, dispo.sition, and breeding of the bird. She was to use 
no bad language, be subject to no fits of passion, have been 
trained to be handled by women and children, and be cleanly in 
her habits. Morley took great pains to please his employer, 
and at last sent him home perhaps the most perfect specimen 
of the breed ever seen in London. As I saw the bird ten years 
ago, nothing in the way of ornithological beauty could surpass 
it. Of pure, snowy white, from top of crown to tip of tail ; 
without a speck of lead, gray, or crimson, on a single feather; 
free from all sign of cross with paroquet or macaw; and in 
.shape, attitude, bearing, and action, as distinguishable as a 
blooded horse — "Beauty," as s!ie was called, .stood unrivalled. 
When she was sent home, there was perfect satisfaction; the 
employer was pleased, as he well might be; the lamily of 
daughters in ecstasies of admiration; and Morley richly remun- 
erated for his trouble. But the bird would not talk. This 
was attributed, at first, to fear; then to change of diet; and, at 
last, to absolute inabilitj'. Of course, there was great disap- 
pointment. "Beauty's' ' cage hung at the dining-room window; 
ever}' viisitor was in admiration of her spotless plumage and 
faultless shape; and, of course, everybody sympathized in the 
disappointment at her irremediable defect. 

"What a pity it is she does not talk!" remarked a person 
one daj' at dinner. "She would be worth her weight in gold." 

"She has almost co.st it as it is, " said paterfamilias. "The 
creature is a cheat. Fine feathers don't make fine birds, 
certainly not fine parrots. I jKiid ten guineas for her. and she 
cannot say one word." 

"Ah, but I think the more! What's the use of talking, it 
you have nothing to say?' came in clear articulate sounds 
ficiin the cage, to the amazement of family and guests. 

That .settled forever "Beauty's" supremacy. 

Happy as this rejoinder was, it by no means gives a full idea 
of the intelligence of the bird. She would not learn what you 
tried to teach her. and she would learn what she ought not. Her 
owner, Dr. Hall, one day ])eremiitorily discharged a servant. 
After shutting the door of the study, the latter exdamed in 
anger: 

"1) — n him! Pr. Hall is a great rascal!" 

The bird heard and caught the words, ar.d could never be 
m:ide to unlearn them. Dr. Hamilton Pio;. waiting one 
morning in Dr. Hall's anteroom, ob-serve') "Beauty," and 
jocularly said: 

"Who are you'?' 

"Beauty's Dr. Hall's trumpeter — ro-to-to-ioo ! ' replied the 
bird; but, immediately becoming grave, and edging confiden- 
tially toward the side of the cage, she added in a lower voice: 
"D — n him! Dr, Hall's a great rascal! ' 

Whether it is ])ossible to entirely eradicate bad habits in 
parrots is doubtful. Captain Simpson, well known by transat- 
lantic pa.ssanger.«, used to duck his paroquet in the sea every 
time it swore an oath. This .'cemed to cure him of useing 
profane langtiage. The creature really connected an oath with 
a dowse in the water, and gave uji swearing. One day, in a 
furious .-.torm, a man was wa.shed overboard, and with great 
difficulty was recovered. As soon as he was drawn on deck 
and efforts were being made to resuscitate him, ' 'Poll' ' kept hop- 
ping around the circle, shaking her head from side to side, and 
saying, gravely, "You've been swearing, you've been swearing!" 




7 



j'TJ^En^iXjE iz^st:e?.uotoi^- 



i33 





This reminds lue of what occured in a elergj-mam's f;iiiiily, 
in Exeter, England. The bishop of the diocese had been 
holding a confirmation, and was hinching at the rectory with 
several of his clergy. In the middle of the repast, one of 
those dreadful ])auses in the conversation took jjlaee. No 
one seemed able to break it, when, to the astonishment and 
dismay of all present, a mo.st horrible swearing tongue poured 
forth a torrent of blasphemy and abuse upon the as.sembled 
guests! Every one locked aghast at these unusual sounds) 
which, foi- a minute or two, continued uninterrupted. The 
hostess, however, hastily rising from the table, drew aside a 
muslin curtain and discovered the offender in the person of a 
gray parrot, purchased that morning from a traveling bird- 
dealer. 

This habit of using profane and filtliy language is generally 
caught by parrots on their sea-voyages from the sailors. When 
good Queen Charlotte visited Admiral Hawkes flag-ship, to 
congratulate him on his great victory, she was attracted by a 
gray parrot which hung in the forecastle. The bird was sing- 
ing ''God save the King." Every note and word 'was given 
with such perfect accuracy, that her majesty, surprised and 
delighted, reque.sted a closer interview, and, during lunch, the 
parrot was consequently swung in her cage on the (piarter-deck. 
No sooner had she reached lier iilace of honor, however, than 
she forgot all her good manners. A torrent of immodesty, 
unfit for royal or even plebian ears, was poured forth, and the 
creature, unconscious of indecorum, was hurried back to the 
sailors' quarters. 

As a rule, parrots do not learn to siieak by rote. A jihrase 
repeated a thousand times will often never be learned, whereas 
a sharp word, an angry es]ires.'<ion, or a ((uick retort, is caught 
instantly. The clerk of St. Stephen's, Paddington, a stupid, 
obese old fellow, tried in vain for years to make a paroquet 
say "Good-night" and "Good iijorning;" but the bird, within 
hearing of the church services, reproduced exactly the droning 
'•Let us pray," and "Now to God the Father, God the Son, 
and (rod the Holy Ghost," of its master. When the old 
official died, his effects, the liird with the re.st, went to the 
rector. At morning family prayers, after Scripture-reading, 
when all were devoutly kneeling, the paroquet's cage hanging 
in the room, the pari.di clerk all at once seemed to have risen 
from the dead. At the end of the Lord's prayer there came 
his devout ''Amen ;" in the Litany, once and again, the droning 
voice responded, "Good Lord, deliver us;" and at the conclu- 
sion of the Venite., "Glory be to God the Father," etc. All 
this, ludicrous though it was, did not di.sturb the worshij). 
But shortly, as if jiossessed with a spirit of miseh.i-if Poll\- 
began to respond incessantly, and most incorrectly, until child- 
ren, mother, servants, and even the good rector himself were 
convulsed with laughter. The family devotions were broken 
up in confusion, and the departed clerk's travester was ever 
afterward deju-ived of all social means of grace under the 
rector's roof 

It is said that macaws are the 1: est talkers of the whole 
species, providing tliey are reared from tlie nest. And not 
only are they able to talk, but they also sing in a jje'culiar, 
.soft voice. In sweetne.ss, though not in compa.ss, of musical 
notes, they are however, excelled by the grass or green i)aroquet. 
While the cockatoo is the hardiest of the parrot tribe, and the 
most easily tamed, it is. at the .same time, the most difficult to 
teach to talk at all well. Its disposition is more gentle, how- 
ever, and its obedit-nce more inji)lieit, than any of the other 
species. The gray African parrot, from its docility and apti- 
tude, ranks everywhere first as a favorite, though of late years 



the common green Amazon, from the little attention it rei{uires, 
and its quick- sagacity, is sharing the general favor. 

A gentleman residing in Wilmington Delaware, owns one of 
these Amazon parrots. It possesses a fluency and variety of 
language rarely ever equalled by the African gray. As .soon as 
her master returns from the office for dinner, Polly begins to 
salute him in fondest exijrossions: ''Papa dear, come and kiss 
your pretty green bjauty! Come in, come in. pajia. and give 
us a kiss, and a thousand more !" When the footman enters 
the room, she says to him, but never to any one else, "Fetch' 
my dinner, James, I'm hungry. Stuqid fellow! I can't eat 
my head off!" To a bachelor-friend, who frequently spends 
several weeks at the house, Polly has but v..ne question, never 
put to any one else, "Oh, you gay deceiver, why did .vou 
promi.se to marry me, and didn't?" To a gentleman, a near 
neighbor, whom .she had once overheard saying, at the after- 
dinner table, "The bird's invaluable; five hundred dollars 
would not buy her, if I owned her — would it, Polly?" she 
always aldi-esses the salute the moment he appears: "Five 
hundred dollars would not buy Polly, if ycu owned her ! Five 
hundred dollars! Five hundred dollars' Why, the bird's 
invaluable !" 

This Wilmington parrot certainly discriminates between the 
sexes and between conditions in life. To a well-dressed young 
gentleman the remark is, ''What a get-up! AVhat a swell .you 
are ! " To a young lady, on the contrarv, fondling and kissing, 
she says, with great deference, ''Is she not nice? — so nice!" 
Whereas to a clergyman, who is detected by his dress, she is 
exceedingly offensive, perpetually calling out "Let us pray!" 
''Glory be to God!'' "Amen!" She was once lost, stayed 
out over night, and grief and searches ruled the disconsolate 
household. At daybreak, however, a workman, going to his 
job, was hailed by Poll.y, from a pile of bricks, with the call, 
"Take me home !" Whether the night-chilled bird did or did 
not attach meaning to the words, it is certain that the workman 
did, and that he made a good thing of bringing her home. 

I know of no gray jiarrot that has excelled this. O'Pieefe's 
would sing "God save the king" all through, without missing 
note or word — kept time with its head — would never sing on 
Sunday, and, when the king came to hear for himself refu.sed 
to utter a word. Disconcerted and disap]iointed, his majesty 
turneil away; but, no sooner had he reached the threshold, 
than the jiarrot, in a rich tenor voice, commenced the national 
song, and went through it to the end. Ii is a curious fitct that 
the skeleton of this parrot is i)reserv£d in the museum at 
Oxford. 

But singing is below speaking as an acconi|)lishment in 
birds. There is hardly a song.ster of the wood that cannot be 
taught music, and a canary will give a descant above the reach 
of any jiarrot. But it is only the raven, jackdaw and magpie 
that possess the power of speech even in a low degree, 

As a friend, the jiarrot ranks low. Other animals, many 
certainly, if not all, will stand by a friend when in danger — 
the parrot never. It is, besides, a bird of bad temper, irasci- 
ble, revengeful, cajiricious; admired for eccentricities, but 
seldom winning love. The sharp lieak and jealous eye are 
always on gu'.;r;'. 



DeCKIT and talsehood, whatever con\eniences they may 
for a time promise or produce, are, in the sum of life, obstacles 
Ui happiness. Tho.se who jirofit by the cheat distrust the 
ileceiver; and the act by which kindne..- wu- .sought |)uts an 
end to confidence, — Jolinsop, 




•r/ 



^ 



S34 



>JTJ^\^E!n^IIL.E in^STI2>TJOTOI?.. 




^iie jjiiuiniilt Ifiisfnidoii. 



0£ORG£ Q. CANNON, - - - - - 


- 


EDITOR. 


SATU1M)A V. 


SEPTEMBER 


2 6 


1874. 





NE of lli5 fine t fields fin- usefulness 
before the .young men and women of tins 
Territory is to be ibund in the Sunday 
schools which are held in most of the 
settlements. The great complaint which 
reaches us from all parti is the want of 
teachers. To the credit of the j'oung 
udie-i be it said, they display much 
greater interest in the training of the 
hildien in the Sunt' ay s-hool, and are 
much more regular in their attendance, than the 
young men are. This is tlie general testimony 
of the superintendents of Sunday schools. But 
the schools do not prosper as they would if 
there were more teachers. It is surjrising that 
there sliould be cause for such complaints. We 
lave more and better material out of which to 
make Sunday school teachers than any community 
of our numbers on the continent. The Bible, the 
Book of Mormim and other revelations of Uod's will to man 
are understood and taught among the Latter-day Saints with 
a clearness and simjilicity unknown among any other i)rople- 
The authority to teach is bestowed upon all the men of this 
Church. Wliy, then, it may be asked, are there such com- 
plaints about a lack of teacher.s? 

Probably there are two leading rea.sons for this. First: 
many men who are active missionaries while away from home, 
and are the means of carrying salvation to manj- souls among 
the nations, think when they return that tliey are freed from 
farther respdnsibility. and they throw off the harness. They 
.seem to think Uiat their jiriesthood has claims upon them only 
while tiny are fillini; a jiublic mission to which thi'\' Inne been 
called. 

Second: many jieisnns think that the teaching nf sclmlars in 
a Simday .school is a small bu.siness and unworthy of their 
talents. They can see no .glory to be gained by attending to 
such duties. Tf they were called on a mission, they would 
prob.ibl,,- respdu 1 readily and labor fa'thfully, because that 
would be a pursuit mon:- suitable, they would think, to their 
capabilities. 

Where the true love of (iod exists, there is a love of His 
wiirk and a love of mankind. The man who truly hives Jiis 
<iiid. also loves his brethren. He will do all in liis power t(i 
save them. Not doly in forei;;ii lanils. in tin;' midst ni tlie 
(i-entile wnild. but in tlie niid.-t of Zinn. The .'a!valion of 
iif every siml will be desirable to him. And in what way can 
a man dn more to save souls than in teaching children the 
]irinci]iles of life and .'■alvation? In our Sunda.v schools we 
have thiiu-aiids ol' preciiuis souls. Born, tlie most of them, 
in the cinen.int, of ]iarents wdio have shown their love fiir the 
truth, their hearts are ]ii'eiiared to receive the truth in its 
liurit.\-. Theie are no false traditions to prevent the lessons of 
faith fidui having their proper effect. The .soil is in excellent 
condition, it oaly needs the seed of righteousne.ss to be care- 
fully sown to yield a crop that will bring .salvation to the 



children, glory to God and great .joy to the one who sow.s the 
.seed. In what better way can two hours be spent on a Snnda.^-? 
Besides it is not the .scholar alone who is benefitted. Tlie 
teacher, himself, if he engage in this labor with the right 
spirit, receives a profit as great as that of his scholars. 

Should these words be read by those who are not engaged 
in Sunday schools, and whose e'ltire time ■^n (he Sabbath is 
not occujiied in imblic duties, we say to thcni, take our advice 
and connect yourselves with the Sunday schools in your wards 
or towns. Help them along with your services. If you ihi so. 
you will find that your reward will be an amijle one. 

There are towns where the young men were indifferent about 
meetings or schools. They preferred to go riding, fishing. 
huLting or playing on Sunday to going to meeting. Faithful 
men and women were grieved in tl'.inking of the future of 
these bo.ys and young men. Did they lea,ve Babylon and 
gather to Zion to raise their boys in this fashion — to see tlieui 
grow u|:i ignorant of the gospel, careless rejiecting its require- 
ments, with no regard for God, or even for their parents, rude 
in speech and in inannei>? In coming here they hoijed to be 
able to rear their children better than they could elsewhere. 
They hoped their boys and girls would have more of the fjiith 
and of the power and of tiie gifts of God than they had. But 
alas! they saw tfiem growing up wild, uncouth and ignorant, 
fonder of play and rioting than of prayer and meetings. 
What could be done to convert them from the.-e evil ]u-actices? 

Happily some fiiithful men thought they would try the effect 
of a theological class. They remembered how sweet and inter- 
esting the doctrines of the .gospel had been to them and to 
others in their early years. Perhaps if they could only induce 
the boys and .young n;en to attend, they would be attracted 
by the.se truths, and would learn how delightful was the study 
of the principles of their religion. Tlie results, where these 
clas.ses have been faithfully and wisely persevered in, have 
been all that could be desired. The boys and young men have 
become interested. Their better nature has been aroused. The 
effect of the study of truth ujion their minds has been similar 
to its effect upon their parents. They behold beauties in their 
religion which the.v never imagined had an existence. Thej' 
begin to understand now why they should be Latter-day Saints, 
why the gospel, as revealed ami t.,ught among us, is so jiotent 
and de.'-irable; and instead of being attached to the Church 
because their jiarents are its members, and they were horn and 
brought up in it and all their associations bind them to it, the.y 
cling to it because their reason is crnvinced that it is the onl.v 
true Church, because their hearts' affections are centred upon 
it and they know that it is God's Church. 

In settlements where the boys and young men have been 
appealed to in this manner, the results have been most gratify- 
ing. "N'iolence and rowdyism have been cheeked. The reading 
of books has taken the place of the playing of cards. Amuse- 
ments of a rational and innocent character have been adopted 
in the stead of drinking and carousing. Bespect for the Lord's 
day, the day which He has commanded us to observe as one of 
rest and worship, has grown up; and the youth are learning 
the important fact that in the pursuit of intellectual pleasures 
their higher nature is gratified and ])urerand greater hapii:ness 
is enjoved. 



A Wise Exci.'.sk.— (.)n one occasion at a dinner. Pr. John: on 
was urged to take a little wine. He replied: "I can't drink a 
little, and, therefore, I never' touch it. Ab.stiiience is as ea.sy 
for me as temperance would be difficult." Many ha\e the 
same infirmity but lack las courage, and therefore are ruinei 




^ 



>ju^ EiNTi: j_^B xi<T st:rtj ^uo:r. 



S35 




So completely are we in the habit of legarding the horse as a 
docile slave, expecteil to uiiiiistcv to our iieees.-itie.j witii 
uncouiplaining complaisaueo, uiire.-'i>liiii;' mini.illv uiuliT Uj 



to be found in a book some twenty years old, by a Mr. 
A,i,.;iit.iii, an i'jii,ju.4ituuii, who was in the service of the King 
nf Orde, in 18:>5. lie lells the fullowini;- story of what he 
'lim^clt' once witne>-ed :it Lncknow; 



I he kin;;, whnui he c.-iils 



V, 



X 



a 




ti-eatnjcnt, often haH-killlnL: li:iii-cH' \i\ stnivi'lin ' tn ilrag 
loads beyond hi< pnwcr.'^. tii.'it wi- arc apt to liirgit tic t cnirn- 
dnus strength wliirh he cm c.x^rt if Ic ;i!ca>c-. In i nt it fni'lh. 
A i-nriiin- pr mf i f tic cnuiage and ^tr( n^th nl' the liiir>c is 



a .sensual, cruel savage," kept 
m ny wild beasts, which '"^ 
sometimes set to fight with 
each other, as in the Roman 
games. 

One day 3Ir. Knighton was 
driving fronj the river (rooni- 
tee to one of the palaces in a 
sort of little open gig. As 
they passed along the streets 
there was not a creature to be 
seen; if any came in sight 
they were rushing hurriedly 
off. PresentJy he saw in the 
middle of the road a trampled, 
bloody heap. He stopped; it 
wa^ the corpse of a woman, 
terribly lascerated ami torn, 
the face crushed by teeth into 
a shapeless mass, the long 
matted hairclotted with blood. 

Such was the capricious 
tyramiy of the king, that Mr. 
Knighton was hardly sur- 
prised. "'Tt was probably 
.some execution," he whispered 
to his companion. 

On they drove. Tiicre was 
still no sign of any inhabitants 
to be seen; the houses were 
everywhere closed, a sort of 
breathless terror seemed to 
reign in the city. Presently 
they came to the body of a lad 
similarly mangled, lying by 
tlu' side of the road, and they 
stopped once more. On the 
top of an adjoining house 
they saw one of the king's 
troopers looking intently up 
the street. 

'•What is the matter'.'" .-aid 
Mr. Knighton. 

"The man-eater is loose, 
wallah I Look out. sahibs, he 
is (luitc wild to-day." 

1 had heard (continues Mr. 
Knighton) of a savage horse 
belonging to one nf the troup- 
ers, tiuit was callrd Kunewal- 
lah. bi'causc lie had de-troved 
Ml ni.iny men. 

■■{ Ic is cdHiing, he is cnni 
liii; !" .-hiiut''d the man sud- 
denly fioni the house-top. 
■'take care, take care !" 

l''ar down the n ad we could 
1 ay h(ir,-(>, savagely shaking a child 
aw-, and evidently coining our way. 
had seen the carriage, th, own the 



see the wi'd biii'e. a hirgi 
whicli he bad ^e'/,l■ 1 'li his 
In aiio'lier nc'nie'.r . h" 
chiM ii?) the in,-,d. dead, w doubt, and ni-hc<l forward fnrloush 



^- 



.fi0 




j""cr'VEisriiL:B uststi^tjotoi^ 





to attack lis. We urned our horse, almost unmanageable with 
terrni-. and drove on at a mad gallop towards a sort of j-ard 
which was closed in l)y strong gates. '\Ve could hear the iron 
hoofs of the man-eater clattering over the road in the silent 
street, as he jjursued u? at break-neck speed. 

We gained the enclosure, and drove within the doors, which 
ware luckily open. I jumpei out and threw back the gate, 
which fortunately shut with a heavy iron bolt into a socket. 
As it foil in. the man-eater came thundering up. his head and 
cheek-; covered with blood, his jaws steaming with the recent 
slaugh-3r of his victims. He stood looking savagely through 
the rails, with cocked ears, distended nostrils, and glaring eye- 
balls, a ferociou-s-looking monster. Our horse trembled from 
head to foot asi f he were shivering with cold. The man-eater 
walke 1 round to try and find an opening, but it was all hard 
iron r.iiling. SatisSed that he was baffled, he turned around, 
rattle 1 his iron heels against the bars, and with head and tail 
erect and cocked ears, gallojied off down the road. Later in 
the da}- we heard that the trooper had contrived to let fall a 
110033 over his head, he had been upset, muzzled and taken 
back to his stable. 

I mentioned what T had seen to the king when 1 came to 
him s'nrtly after. "He is as savage a wild beast as a tiger,' 
said I. " ^ • 

Th2 king kughed, and rejilied: ''Tlien he .shall fight the 
tiger Burrhea!" (so called after the name of a village at the 
foot of the Himalaya, from which the animal had been brought. ) 
Thjre was a courtyard in the palace about sixty yards square, 
surr.T.inded by thick bambiio railings on two sides. On the 
third was a gallery in 'which the king .-^at surrounded by male 
and female slaves fanning him with [jcacock fins. The man- 
cater was lured on into the yard after a little mare of which he 
was fond; and the tiger, whii-h was without food or drink, was 
let loi-e into the enclosure 

The horse stood in an easy attitude, with one foot advanced, 
a.vaiting the attack, moving as Burrhea moved, with his eyes 
fixe 1 on the eyes of his enemy. Suddenly, with a light bound, 
Burrhea was upon the mare, with one blow of his ]iaw he 
threw her over, his teeth fa.stcned on her neck, he dr.mk her 
blojl, enjoying his draught, but his eyes fixed meantime all 
the while on the man-eater, who. with neck jirotruded. cocked 
ear.-, glaring eye-ljalls and tHitchin,' tail, watched his enemy 
intently in an easy attitude of attention. 

At length the tiger began to move stealthilv around the court- 
yard, like a cat, quite noiselessly, the soft balls of the large 
paws put slowly down, the long lithe back working as he went. 
In the middle stood the horse, slowly turning as the tiger 
tin. ltd, the head, ears, and neck bent forward, while on stole 
the t"s(T; not a .-•ound was heard, every one was in mute expec- 
tation; at last the tiger bounded like lightning, intending to seize 
his enemy by the head, but the horse dived aside a little and 
iv:'eivcd his antagonist on th" haunches, the claws sank deep 
into the flesh, while the hind feet of the tiger made a gras|) at 
til ■ fiire legs of the liorse. Suddenly the man-eater lashed out- 
with his iron lu'els, and in a moment Burrlica was sprawling 
on his back; he was up again, however, inimediately, and 
stealing round once more, as if nothing were the matter. 
Noi.'jcles.sly round and round he went, his broad head always 
filmed to his wary foe, while the horse, though his haunches 
Will" bleeding am! lae('rated, with an indignant snort resumed 
his former position, his head and neck still lowered and pro- 
truding, one foot still out t<i admit of that r;ii>id drive and 
thrust by which he turned his enemy's flank. This monotonous 
circling went on for eight or ten minutes or even more, the 



man-eater ever facing him, and snorting angrily from time 
to time. 

Once the tiger paused by the dead mare as if to eat it, then, 
suddenly, without the smallest growl or ])reparation he sprang 
again as if lifted by galvanism in the course of this monotonous 
gyration. Kunewallah was, however, not taken by surprise, 
his head was ducked again, and again he received the tiger on 
his haunches. We could see the broad round head for an 
in.stant near the tail of the horse, while his hind claws reached 
to the breast; his body was quivering uneasily, with the beliy 
nearly on the horse's back; it was only however, for an instant. 
Again the ferocious beast lashed out with his hind legs, almost 
as if he would throw himself on his side, and his iron heels 
came against the tiger's jaws, as he fell sprawling on his back. 
He soon rose again, but now only to try and escape, his jaw was 
broken, and with his tail between his legs he cried out loudly 
with pain, like a whipped spaniel. The man-eater watched 
him narrowly, thinking it might be only a ruse. Now the 
king ordered the door of the cage to be opened, and Burrhea 
rushed into its shelter, evidently having had quite enough. 

Proudly then the man-eater snorted and pawed, he scambered 
u]i to the mare, spurned her with his foot, then with head 
aloft and tail arched, he trotted around trying to get at the 
attendant servants; his blood was up, and tiger, or man, it was 
evident that he did not mind any of them. 

''Let another tiger be set at bin,'' cried the king, "I will have 
my revenge for Burrhea. 

The keeper of the tigers was summoned and came in 
salaaming in fear. ''^lay it please your majesty's greatness 
the tigers were fed two hours ago. 

"And why were they fed two hours ago, you scoundrel?" 
shouted the king. 

"May it please the royal greatness of your majesty, it was 
the usual time," said the jioor man, salaaming again, and 
trembling in every limb. 

"You shall goto the man-eater yi ur.sclf. if the tiger wont 
attack him," cried the king furiously. 

The court was oppressively hot, the king sat, fanned by the 
great peacock's tails, and .surrounded by his female slaves 
watching. The second tiger's cage v\as brought up, he came 
leisurely out, and only when jioked by spears, and then quietly 
surveyed his antagoni-t. He was larger than Burrhea, but 
not so high-bred. Or .so beautifully streaked; neither was he so 
light and graceful in his motions. He squatted himself down 
on the dead mare and tore it leisurely in pieces with a strength 
of claw and limb and jaw, very unjileasant, one wmild think to 
watch, for the man-eater, who remained tin the defensive upon 
the olher side of the court. 

"Remove the carcase, you fools!" sliiutcd the king, angry 
at the delay. 

This could only be done by driving away the tiger with red 
hot bars. A noose was then flung over the dead mare, which 
was at length drawn out. The tiger, much annoyed, stretched 
himself at full length, and lay growling in the middle of the 
court, where he could not be reached. At last they contrived 
to strike him with a spear of immense length; he .seized it in 
his mouth, ran along its length, and began to shake the bam- 
boo rails, but nothing would induce him to a.sail the horse, 
who went on as b''fore facing the tiger as it turned. He 
showed his glittering teerli at the men. but refuged to move 
ill the direction of Kunewallah. 

We began to fear for the poor keeper nf the wild liea.st", 
but the king bad now forgotten his threat, and shouted that 
-he man-eater wa- a brave fellow, and he would .see what he 





JXJ A7 EH^ILEl in^STI^/TJOTOI?., 





could do with three buffaloes. There is no animal so fierce 
when thoroughly roused; he will put a good-sized elephant 
to flight, goring him terribly witii those tremendous weapons, 
his horns. 

When the beasts came in, the man-eater seemed much discon- 
certed at the sight of the uncought monsters, and he retreated 
snorting, almost with fear; but as thej' remained in the corner 
where they came in, huddled and never dreaming of an attack, 
he took courage, pawed the ground, snuffed at them with dis- 
tended nostrils, 
and came slow- 
ly nearer and 
nearer, step by 
step. 

Still they 
paid no heed 
to him, but 
crowded stu- 
pidly on each 
other. At last 
the horses head 
almost touched 
the side of one 
of the buffalo's, 
he sniffed and 
smelled at the 
hide, and, at 
last, seeing that 
the unwicldjy 
brute took no 
notice what- 
ever of him, he 
wheeled rouiiil, 
and lashed up 
most furiously 
against the ribs 
of the mcdita*- 
ing buffalo, 
who seeuii-J 
stunned by s.) 
sudden and un- 
looked-fur au 
attack, anil they 
all three .shmik 
tlu'lr heads, 
but jJi-udenlly 
abstained from 
any rcjily. 

The king 
laiiL'licd outia- 
geously. ■■'J"he 
man-eater de- 
.serves his life." 
said In;; ''let 
liinj (!.scape." 
Till' bea.st was 
stable a victor. 

'■JJy my fallicr's li 'ad, he is a brave fellow 
cage to liv(; in. .nil be taken care of tor his life." 

He liail an iron cage made fur liim. twice as liig as many 
Loiiilon drawiiig-rooni.s. wlieri> he snapped lijs teeth, anil 
l.i^bi'd out witli Ills legs, at adniiring visitors; ''ami wlim I 
li'ft IjiiekiiDW," .s.iy.s >Ir. Knighton, "tlic man-eater was still 
ini' of its HJght.x." ( Silnlril, 



Bii^iD iisrsTTnsroT. 



Wl 




then adroitiv muz/led. and led foitli to 



ill l,.r 



(tRE.VT fire once broke out in a little German town, near 
here stood a tower about eighty feet high, which formed 
part of the fortification of the town wall. On the summit a 
stirk's nest had been built for so many years that the building 
had received the name of "Stork's Tower." At the time of 
the fire there were three unfledged birds in the nest, and the 
poor little things were in great danger. But the old storks 

soon showed 
their love for 
their young, 
and at the same 
tune a degree 
of ingenuity 
really si.Tpris- 
mg. By turns 
they flew off to 
some fish-pond 
just outside of 
the walls, and 
there took a 
good dip in the 
water and filled 
their beaks 
with as much 
\^ they could 
f 1 r r y away; 
then., notwith- 
stinding all the 
smoke and 
fl'ames, the y 
flew back to 
their little ones 
on top of the 
towi>r, ]ioureil 
the water from 
their b e a k s 
over them and 
the nest, and at 
the same time 
sliook it from 
tlii'ir fcatliers 
II ]i o u lliem. 
Tims. iiiiiiin;' 
the whole. ila>- 
iliil these faitli- 
t'lil liii'ils ,-HT as 
;i lirr lirii;aiir 
lill iic:i|- r\rii- 
iiii;. wlini till' 
lirr \Mi> I'Sliii 
;;iii.-hi'(l .■iiid .ill 
ihiiiurr I'lir llir 
.\oiing and the 
for an.xietv. 



ni'st w:'s over and ibrvr was no fuitln'r 



KIEI^T IIsT. 



DESERET 



THE LIBRARY OF THE 

SUNDAY SCHOOL Ur^tON BOARD 

50 NOR T H MA I N STREET 

SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH 



"oil, jolly crow! 

You eonie mid go — 
You never ask prrniissioi 

.lust look lit nil', 

Ki'|it in— you see, 
.Villi li:lli:r.H gone u lUliin', 





S3S 



jru^En^iLE in^sTi?.ucToi^ 




"It"'' dull antl h.it 

In this old fpnt, 
Outside, the wind is blnwinfr, 

And— oh! that crook 

In meadow brook. 
Where all the bovs are soiiig! 

"This 'six times four' 

Is such a bore, 
And so is 'eight times seven.' 

I don't know why, 

The more I try, 
The more I do n't know ' 'Icven.' 

"Old croaker, shoo! 

If I were jou 
I'd go to watch the lisbin'. 

And 'rithmetie 

Would vanish quick — 
But what's the use nf wisliin'." 

That solemn crow 

Looked high and low. 
And paused a little season, 

Thr.n answered. ''Caws, 

You broke the laws 
You suffer— tliafs the reason." 

And off he tlew 

The window through 
By which he gained admission. 

'■Poor comfort this. 

For sums amiss. 
And boj-s g(jne off a fishin' !'' 



■« « ■<^- « » 



sHij^i?.!^ f:r.j^(Dtx(j:e. 




As a certain learned Judge in Mexico, .-ome time since, 
walked one morning into court, lie tliought he would see 
whether he was in time for lusinoFs; and feeling for his 
rejieater. he found it was not in his jiooket. 

''As usuaL'" said he to a friend who was witli liim. as he 
jiassed through the crowd near the door; "as usual. I luive 
left my watch at home under my iiillow!" 

He went on the bench, and thought no move about it. The 
court ajourned, and. he returned home. As foon as lie was 
I 'uictly seated in the parlor he bethought him of his watch, 
and turning to his wife he asked her to -end for it to tlieir 
chamber. 

'■But my dear judge," said she, '■! sent it to you throe 
hours ago. 

••Rent it to me, my dear'? Ccrtaiuly not." 

"•Certainly," rejilied the lady; ■'and by the per .on you sent 
for it." 

■■The person I sent for it!" echoed the judge. 

"Precisely, my dear; the very per.son you sent ibr it! You 
had not left home more than an hour, when a well-dressed 
man knocked at the door and a.sked to see me. He brought 
one of the very finest turkeys I ever saw; and sa'd that on 
your way to court you met an Indian with a number of fowls, 
and having bought this one, at ([uite a bargain, you had given 
hiiu a couple of reals to bring it ho n ;, with the reiiuist that 
I would have it killed, pickel. aul pittocwl, a;you intended 
to invite your brother-judges to dine with you to-morrow. And 
"Oh! by the way, Senorita,' said he, 'his excellency the judge 
re(iuested me to ask you to .p-ivc yourself the trouble to go to 
your chamber and take his -watch from under the pillow, where 
he says he left it as usual this morning, and send it to liim by 
me .' And c)f course I did so." 



'Toil did?" said the judge. 

"Certainly," said the lady. 

"Well," replied his honor, "all I can say to you, my dear. 
is. that you are as groat a goose as the bird is a turkey. You' ve 
been robbed, madam. Tjie man was a thief; I never .sent for 
my watch. You've been imposed on, and the watch is lost 
for ever! 

The trick was a cunning one; and after a laugh and the 
restoration of the judge's good humor by a good dinner, it 
was re.solved actually to have the turkey for to-morrow's dinner, 
and to have his honor's brothers of the bench to enjoy so dear 
a morsel. Acaordingly after the adjournment of court next 
day, they all repaired to his dwelling, with appetites sharpened 
by the expectation of a rare rejiast. Scarcely had they entered 
and exchanged their ordinary salutations, when the lady broke 
forth with congratulations to his honor upon the recovery of 
his stolen watch. 

■ How hapjiy ami," cxciamed she, ''that the vil'ain was 
apprehended." 

''Apprehended! ' .said the judge with surprise. 

'I'esaiid -L'u'itless convicted, too, liy thistimc," said the 

''Your ai^'ays talking riddles," repuod ho; "explain yourself 
my dear. I know nothing of thief, watch, or conviction." 

"It can't 'j'' possible that I have been a.iain deceived," said 
the lady; "but this is the story: About one o'clock to-day, a 
pale and rather inferesiingyming gentleman, dre.s.sedin a seedy 
suit of black, came to the house in great haste — almost out of 
breath. He said he was just from court; that he was one of 
the clerks; tiiat the great villain who had had the audacity to 
steal your honor's watidi had just been arrested; that the evi- 
dence was nearly perfect tS convict him, and all that was required 
to complete it was tlie turkey, which must be brought into court, 
and for that he had been sent with r. porter Ijy your express 
orders." 

"And you .srave it to him':" 

"Of cour.se I did. W'iio could have doubted him, orresisted 
the ordofs of a judge'.'' ' 

■■Watch — and turkey — loth gone! Pray, madam, what are 
v.e to d:.) fjr a d nner'.'" 

But the lady had taken care of her guests, notwithstanding 
her sijiplicit3', and the pa-.-tv enjoyed Lotli the joke and their 
dinner. 



A ooori many stories of stammerers are told, but none of 
recent date better than the following of Piatt Evans, of Cincin- 
nati: It was one of his pleasures to teach his friends how to 
]iurchase tender geese, though he could not always get them 
in the market. One morning he saw a lot, and enquired of 
the farmer how many there were. "About a dozen," was tlie 
reply. "^V-w-we!l," said Piatt. "I k-k-keep b-boarding- 
house, and my b-l-boardors are tlie biggest c-eaters you ever 
s-s-saw. P-p-piek out n-n-nin.i of the t-t-toughest you've 
g-g-got.' The farmer complied, and laid aside the other three 
tender ones. Piatt ]iicked them uji carefully, and putting 
them in his basket, said, '"I b-b-believe I'll t-t-take these three. '' 



TiiE-^' who once engage in iniquitous designs miserably de- 
ceive them.selves when they think that they wiUgo so far and no 
farther. One fault begets another, one crime renders another 
necessary; and thus they ai'e imiiolled continually downward 
into a d(>pth of guilt, which, at the commencement of their 
c.ireer, they would have died r.-ithcr than incurred. 





j'TJ'V"i"jnsri:DE ii>tsti^.tjctoi?. 



S39 




jiestion^ anil tj^ii^imcrs 

0:sr THIE BIBLE. 



II IS TO 11 Y OF JOSHUA. 



A. 




LKSSON Lxxn. 
Did .loshuu (le-tn>y the people also of tlie seven kiiiss'' 
"He left noiu' reiiniiniiig, but utterly destroved all that 
breathed." 

Q.— AVhy was this done'.' 

A. — Because the Lord God of Israel so coniiiiaiuled. 

Q. — What was done with the land.' r 

A. — Joshua took it for the children of Israel. 

Q. — After these battles, what was tlie name of the camp to 
which Joshua and all I.-rael returned? 

A.— Gilgal. 

Q. — How many kings did Joshua destroy on the west ol Jordan? 

A —Thirty-one. 

Q. — What did Joshua do with their land? 

A. — He gave it unto the tribes of Israel. 

Q. — Which of the tribes had no inheritance given tl em? 

A. — The tribe of Levi. 

Q.— Wh3' was it that a jxirtion of land was not allotted to them? 

A. — Because the L>rd God of Israel was their inlieritance. 

Q. — AVhat place was specially irivcn to Caleb' 

A —Hebron. 

y. — For what reason was lie thus favoreil.' 

A. — Because he wholly followed the Lord. 

Q, — How old was he when he received Hebron form inheritance? 

A. — Four score and five j'ears. 

Q. — How old was he when Moses sent him to s])y out the land? 

A. — Forty years. 

Q. — Had he lost his strength wlien he was four score and five 
years old? 

A. — Xo; he w:r- as strong for war a~ ever. 

Q. — Who promised Caleb that he should have Hebron for a 
possession? 

A.— Moses. 

Q. — What did Jo.-hua do to Caleb besides fulfilling the promise 
of Moses? 

A. — He bles-ed him. 

Q. — To whom did Caleb give his daughter Achsah in marriagi? 

A.— Othniel. 

Q —What relation was he to Caleb? 

A. — Nephew; his father, Kenaz, being the brother of Caleb. 

Q.— What did (Jthniel do to obtain the daughter of Caleb? 

A. — He took a cit}-. 

Q. — What did Caleb give his daughter for a marriage portion? 

A.— A field in the south land, with springs of water. 

Q. — What was the mune of the people who were not compiered, 
bat dwelt with the children of Jiidah at Jerusalem. 

A. — Tlie Jebusites. • 

Q. — What was the name of the i)eople wlio were not conquered, 
but dwelt with the Ephraimites? 

A. — The Canaanites. 

O.— What did the Canaanites have to do? 

A. — Serve under tribute. 

Q. — After all the tribes had received their distribution of land 
what was given to Joshua' 

A. — T \ey gave among them the citv which he asked. 

Q.— What was the name of the city? 

A.— Timnath-seral), in Mount E;ihraim. 

Q. — How was this doner 

A. — According to the word of the Lord. 

Q. — Hov,- many cities i>f refuge were iijipointed' 

A.— Six. 

Q_ — For what jiurpose were these cities ai>pointe<l. 

A.— That any who killed another unawares might e-cape (lie 
avenger. 



iPlU^Sf'UHlS a Iff I 



HSETers 



03Sr THIB 

book: OB nvn o B. nyc o isr 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON' LXXII. 

Q. — What did Lamoni say to his wife when he awoke? 

A. — He i^aid that he had seen the Redeemer. 

Q —What did he feel? 

A. — His heart was swollen within him and he sank again wi;li 
joy. 

Q. — What eflect did this have on the queen? 

A. — She felt overpowered by the sjiirit and also fell down. 

Q. — What did Amnion do? 

A. — He gave thanks to the Lord and he also was overpowered. 

Q. — WhatTlid the servants of the king do when thpy saw thc-e 
three had fallen? 

A. — Tliey began to crj- unto the Lord. 

Q. — How many of the servants fell down? 

A — All but a Lanianiti^h woman. 

U. — What was hei- name? 

A. — Abish. 

Q. — Wh,v was she not prostrated like the rest? 

A. — Because she had believed on the Lord for many years. 

Q.— What did she do? 

A. — She ran from house to house iind told the people what h: il 
happened. 

Q.— Why did she do this? 

A. — She hoped that when the people saw this scene they woi Id 
believe the words of G.id. 

y. — When the multitude assembled what did the people s; 3-? 

A. — Some thought it was a judarment on the king for having 
Ammon who was a Nephite, in his house. 

Q. — What did one man undertake to do? 

A. — He stepped forward as if to kill Animon. 

Q. — What hiipponed to him ? 

A.— He fell dead. 

Q.— Why did he wish to kill Animon? 

A. — Because his brother had been killed at Sebus by Ammon. 

ij. — What was the feeling among the multitude when thej- saw 
this man struck dead' 

A. — Thay were filled with fear. 

Q. — What did many people say Anuiion w-as? 

A.— The Great Spirit. 

Q.— What did others call him? 

A. — A monster, sent by the Nephites to destroy tlieni. 

Q. — What did Abish d 1 when she saw the multitude thus 
contending? 

A. — She went and took the iiueeii by the hand. 

Q. — What was her object in doing this? 

A.— She hoped to raise the riueen. 

Q.— What was the result? 

A. — The queen stood upon her feet and glorified God. 

Q. — What did she next do? 

A. — She clasped her hands with .joy, and went and tool; tin' 
king b.v the hand. 

Q.— What was the result? 

A. — He also stood U]>. 

Q. — What did he do when he saw the pei>ple contending? 

A. — He went forth and began to rebuke them, and teach them 
the words of Amnion. 

0.— IVid the iieople all believe? 

A. — No; man.v did not. 

Q. — What was done to the believers? 

A. — They were baptized. 

Q. — Who next rose up to teach the multiliide? 

A. — Amnion and the servant- of the king. 



^( 





S40 



j"cr^E:tTiLE xisT&^:RucDrroT^. 




%ntttn^m\iltntt. 



Spanish Fork City. 

September 8, 1874 

Editor Juwnile Instructor: 

Dear Sir:— Everything proved auspicious for our 
Sunday school excursion which tool< ]ilace yesterday. 

At an early hour the superintendent, teachers and pupils, 
accompanied hy the choir and brass band, .convened at the 
meeting house, near which vehicles decorated with flags and 
banners were ia readiness to convey the joylul throng to the 
place of recreation. 

The assembly was called to order by the superintendent, who, 
after the choir had sung, and the chaplain had ottered up prayer, 
addressed a few precautionary remarks to the audience, and 
introduced the marshal of the day. The marshal and his assist- 
ants then organized the assembly into a procession and conducted 
the same, amid intervals of vocal and instrumental music, through 
the corn fields and meadows, to Aitkin's Park, a delightful spot, 
situated on the east side ot Utah Lake, near the mouth of Span- 
ish Fork River. 

On arriving at the pleasure grounds, we were welcomed with 
applause and demonstrations of joy by the residents of Lake 
Side, who had voluntarily erected a bowery for our reception, 
and were proffering each his services, with the use of his resjiect- 
ive boat to happify the guests. 

The fticilities offered for entertainment were such as to suit the 
varied tastes of the company. Some contented themselves w'th 
admiring the excellent naturr.l facilities of the romantic region; 
others participated in various innocent amusenients, such as: 
racing, swinging etc., while the more mariner-like portion 
had their tastes gratified by being wafted in musical groups on 
the bosom of the beautiful lake, to mingle for awhile with 
the pelicans. Each trip or stroll tended to sharpen the appetite, 
so that when the signal was given announcing that dinner was 
ready, all hastened to fall to and partake of it with a relish. 

After dinner the unwearied warblers joined in a grand march, 
led bj' Professor Lewis, and all singing '"Marchmg On.'' At the 
close of the march all retired to the bowery, where short compre- 
hensive speeches were delivered by the superintendent and 
others, interspersed with recitations and songs, all well rendered. 

After returning votes of thanks to the residents of Lake Side, 
the marshals of the day, the members of the band, choir and 
committee of arrangements, the proceedings were brought to a 
close, and the procession resumed its former order and was con- 
ducted back to town, without any accident having happened to 
detract from a f'.:!; unjoyment of the results of a happily spent 
day. Kespectfully Yours, 

.James C. Higginsov, 

Eeporter. 



SGHiooL j^isnsri-v-EK.s^K.Y. 




ACRKKAHI.Y with the custom niaiutaincd in Aujcrican F(U-k, 
Utah County, ever since the organization of the Sunday 
school of that place, of celebrating its anniversary, Sunday 
and ^londay. the I'.ith and 20;h insts. were set apart for that 
purpose. 

The manner in which the meeting house was filled, in fact 
crammed, by old and young, before ten o'clock, the hcmr 
appointed for commencins the services, arrived, was evidence 
of the iritere.st which all classes of the citizens felt in the 
occa-sion, and of their appreciation of their most excellent 
S\inday .school. 

The hall was very tastefully decorated with rustic .scrolls in 
evergreens and flowers, bearing appropriate mottoes; and the 



whole aspect of the interior and that of its smiling occupants, 
especially the little eager, expectant-looking children, was 
calculated to inspire every person so highly favored as to get 
even standing room in-;ide the door with feelings the most 
pleasant and cheerful. Of the exercises, consisting of recita- 
tions, dialogues, songs, etc., by the Sunday school scholars, it 
is, perhaps, su.'aeient to say that they were such as to maintain 
that character for .superiority which the American Fork Sunday 
school has so long had accorded it. 

The exercises occupied forenoon and afternoon, with inter- 
niLssion only for dinner, and the best of order was maintained 
throughout. One notable feature of the performance was the 
predominance of the girls over the boys in taking part in 
the proceedings. This is not a peculiarity of this school only, 
for we believe it to be the case in Sunday schools generally 
that the girls are more forward in the matter of attendance and 
study than the boys. In the afternoon a large number of 
presents in the shape of books were distributed among the 
children as rewards for punctual attendance, etc. 

Monday was devoted to out-door sports in the grove below 
town, the majority of the citizens joining with the children in 
having a jovial time. A representative of the Instructor, 
on invitation of Superintendent W. Paxman, took a trip down 
and witnessed with much pleasure the proceedings on Sunday, 
but was prevented by press of business from remaining over 
Jlonday; but we doubt not the occasion was equally enjoyable 
with that of the day previous. 



The Answer to the Charade published in No. 18 is, "Thou 
Shalt not Ste.\l. " We have received con-ect solutions from 
Wm. M. Daines, Edith M. Thurston, Hyde Park: Mariah A. 
Burnham, Ilichmond; Nephi Gledhdl, Gunnison; Orissa A. 
Allred, Lydia L. Allred, Luanna A. Boothe, Sarah E. Laker, 
JIary J. Laker, St. Charles; Heber J. Romney, Ellen E. Cul- 
mer, S. Christensen, Salt Lake City. We have also received 
the following poetical answer from Israel Bennion, Taylorsville: 
The Charade in No 18 

Is one of God's commands, 
Given to ancient Israel, 

While traveling to their lands. 

It is one of great importance, 

And we should early feel. 
That God gave this commandment 

To all: "Thou shalt not steal." 



We have receive charades from several different persons for 
pu lication, but not accompanied by the aiLSwers; so that we, 
as well as the public are left to puzzle over the solution of 
them. Of course, we cannot publish such. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEwiNtCE O. CANNON, EDITOR A PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

^a-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




