
I 






'sii 



):^^.^^ l|^ w'^(^^^5 





VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1870. 



NO. 14. 



OTJE. 3v>d:EZTJLC3-EI?.IE. 



JOHN W. Young, Esq., h'as founded a menagerie in 
Salt Lake City, where various animals tliat are natives 
of these regions are exhibited. Now, a great numl)er of 
our young readers have not tlie cliance to visit Salt Lake 
city as often as they may wish, we have therefore gathered 
a menagerie of our own, whieh will visit every Juvenile 
at his own home and thus save him the trouble and ex- 
pense of journeying to this city. 

Well, to commence we have a family of lions from 
Africa, an Ostrich, with its ebony rider, from the Sahara, 
ButtUlo from Cape Colony, a Crocodile from Egypt, a 
llhiiiocerous from the East Indies, a Leopard Inmi India, 
some Reindeer from Lapland, a Tiger from Bengal, Par- 
rots from South America, an Owl from Northern Europe, 
two Kangaroos from Australia, and a Sea Devil from the 
big ocean. Quite a collection you must confess! Rare and 
very interesting. Next week, however, we hope to in- 
crease our menagerie, when we shall be happy to exhibit 
our additions in the Juvemile. 

Well, in the good old showman style, we will com- 
mence with, "walk up here, walk up here, my little 
friends, and see the most wonderful creatures, boys and 
girls ever set their eyes upon. First, here is the Lion, 
Lioness, and cubs, all the way from sultry Africa. The 
Lion with his beautiful mane, and noble looking bead. 
Some folks call liim the king of the beasts, others say he 
does not deserve that royal title. He is, however, a digni- 
fied, powerful animal. The Lioness is much SQialler than 
her mate, and is destitute of the magnificent mane nature 
has given to the male animal. But as a general rule she 
is the fiercest and most active of the two, es eeially when 
she has cubs. They are beautiful, playful little things, 
and are sliglitly striped. They hive no mane until they 
are about two years old. If our little friends desire to 
visit these beasts in their wild state, they will have to 
take a long journey to Africa, Arabia, Persia or India. 
For ourself, however, we are satisfied to look at them, 
where they have not the j)ower to hurt us. 

Now what have we next? Oh, an Ostrich! The giant 
among birds, the largest of them all. Its height varies 
from six to eight feet; its wings are very short, and far 
too small to sustain so large a bird in the air. Its chief 
strength lies in the legs. These limbs are so powerful 
that a swift horse has much difficulty in catching it, for 
it runs but does nol fly. Its eggs are large and strong, 
and are in general use amongst the Bosjesmans of South 
Africa for holding water. A traveler says: "by means of 
these eggs, which they bury in intervals in the sand after 



filling them with water, tl^y are enabled to make inroads 
across the desert and retreat_ with security, as none can 
follow them for want of water." Each egg holds about 
five pints. 

Next comes the South African BufTalo, a very different 
animal from the American Bufl'alo that vt- used to see on 
the plains. It is a very fero ious and cunning animal, 
often lurking among trees until a unsuspecting traveler 
comes along, when he rushes on him and kills him. 
Several will sometimes make a rush at a party of men, 
trample some under loot and toss others in the air. We 
thi k none of the visitors to our menagerie will be anx- 
ious to visit South Africa to obtain this undesirable kind 
of experience. But let us proceed. 

The Crocodile of the Nile, next claims our attention. 
This is by no means a be utiful brute. His mouth is too 
big to be handsome, nor are his legs and feet models of 
symmetiy. But it is a very voracious creature, living on 
fish, floating carrion, dogs and sometimes men, which it 
is eiuibled to surprise as they come down to the water's 
edge to drink. The natives of the countries where they 
exist have various means of killing them, some with a 
harpoon and others witli a long knife. It is hard work to 
escape fnjui it in the water, but when on land there is but 
little ditficnlty of getting out of its reach, as it cannot turn 
its head very readily. 

Now for the Rhinocerous, the largest of all animals ex- 
cept the Elephant, with whom he has frequent battles, 
often proving therein the victor. Like the Crocodile, it 
is by I'o means a graceful creature ; no one could admire 
its coarse, knotted skin, or unshapely head ; but it is a 
very powerful animal, very lazy as a general thing, yet 
very fieice when roused. Its habits are very much like 
ihat of the domestic hog, dirty and indolent. 

Here is a Leopard! It is an inhabitant of Africa, Hin- 
dostau and the East Indian Islands. It is a very beauti- 
ful animal, loves to climb among trees, when it exhibits 
many graceful motions. It is easily tamed and is gener- 
. lly very fond of its keeper. It has one strange liking, 
that for certain scents. It is especially fond of lavender 
water. Some of its keepers having discovered this strange 
predelication, have by this means taught it to perform 
several tricks. 

Here is quite a different species of quadruped. You can 
easily guess its name. It is a Reindeer. These are found 
in the Artie regions of Europe and Asia. The finest ani- 
mais are those of Lapland and Spitsbergen. It composes 
the principal wealth of the people of Lapland. A man 




t 



^' 



106 



JU^EnsriLE Il^STI^/TJOTOI?/. 



^^ 



having four or five hundred of these creatures is rich, one 
having only a hundred uiaii: ges to get a tolerable living, 
while one having but titty is a poor man, and generally 
joins his animals to the herd of some richer man, and 
takes the menial duties of the herd upon himself. 

Here is a Tiger! It looks like a very large, savage cat, 
striped in a very heautiful manner. It is only found in 
Asia, its principal abiding place being in the jungles of 
Hindostan. In that country Tiger hunting is amongst 
the most exciting and favorite sports. But it is very 
dangerous, Tigers are amongst the strongest and most 
savage of animals, and will often turn on the hunter, who 
if not prepared for the attack, is generally killed. But, 
to avoid tills delimma, Tiger hunters usually go in com- 
panies riding on Elephants and fleet horses In sulflcieut 
numbers to easily destroy the Tiger should he turn and 
attack them. Many valuable lives have however been 
lost in this sport. 

Kext come the Parrot?! The chatterboxes of the bird 
tribes, whose native homes are priucipa!ly in South 
America. Some kinds however, are found in the United 
States, others in Africa. The plumage of many of these 
birds is exceedingly beautiful, red, green and gold form 
the most conspicious shades. Many very funny stories 
are told of these .birds when they have been taught to 
talk ; but we have no room for such to day. 

><'ow we come to a wise old Owl ; looking as sober as a 
judge, as sage "as Solomon. There are various kinds of 
Owls, ours is a specimen of the Great Eared Owl, the 
largest of the whole family. This powerful bird is not 
satisfied with "rats and mice and such small deer," which 
are good enough for British owls, but it boldly attacks 
young fasvns, hares, rabbits and small birds. It is an 
inhabitant of the Northern shores of Europe, and is often 
upwards of tsvo feet long. 

Few people know what a little bird the common Barn 
Owl is. Its thick loose plumage deceives us. It is really 
scarcely as large jvs a good sized pigion. Its head, also, 
when the feathers are removed, has an entirely ditlerent 
appearance, being like that of the hawk, long and nar- 
row. It is a very contemptible looking liird when its 
feathers are removed. 

Two Kangaroos I declare! These come all the way 
from Australia or Van Uiemans land. They are rare 
creatures to jump, and can leap a distance of tifteen feet 
at a time. Hunting this aiiimal is a favorite sport with 
the colonists and natives of the countries where it is 
found. The natives either knock it down with a boomer- 
ang, spear it from liehind a bush, or unite together and 
hem in a herd, which soon fall victims to the volleys of 
clubs, spears and boomerangs which pour in on all sides. 
The colonist's either shoot it, or hunt it with dogs which 
are trained fcr the i)urpose. 

Now, last but not leiist, is the Sea Devil or Oct an Vam- 
pire. These fish are a species of the Hay family ; but very 
large, some are wild to be forty feet in length. You can 
see yourselves what strange looking creatures they are. 
They are very strong and very destructive." 

Our tour tirrough our menagerie is linislu d for to-day. 
AVe will bid the birils, bea»ts and tishes goo<l bye for the 
present, and j)ay a visit to some other animals in our 
next. G. R. 



[Fol" the Juvenile Instructor. 



No man's spirits were ever hurt by doing liis duty ; on 
tlie contrary, one good action, one temptation resisted and 
overcxjine, one sacrifice of desire or interest, ]nircly for the 
sake of conscience, will i)roVc a cordial for the heart, land 
a halm for low spirits, very far beyond what either indul 
gence, or diversion, or company can do for them. 



«•'*. 



LEAD is rarely found in the metalic state, it is generally 
in combination. Nodules of pure lead are occa- 
sionally found in our rocks; it is highly probable these 
nodules are of volcanic origin. It is fair to assume this, 
when even so refractory a substance as iron is found in 
some of our scoria, that is, in the cinder of our volcanoes. 

If the student would like to imitate nature, and form a 
nodule of lead, it is not difflcult to do so. First, procure 
some galena, this is a sulphuret of lead. Generally there 
is considerable rock in combination, probably lime or 
silica (sand or flint). To bring this mass into a state of 
fusion is all that is necessary to separate the lead, which 
forms a button at the bottom of the crucible. First of all 
the sulphur will pass ott; this may be detected by the 
smell; also arsenic may pass ofT into the air, or sublime, 
that is, pass ott" as vapor, and afterwards_solidify. The 
lead particles will then separate from the scoria and run 
togetner, forming metalic lead. Now it iseasy to conceive 
of this very simple process going on, only on a larger 
scale in the huge crucibles furnished by the craters of our 
volcanoes. This has been done, in fact, for the metal is 
found at times mixed up mechanically with the slag 
(scoria); or, at times the flowing metal has passed off into 
some chink or crevice where it has cooled and taken the 
form of the matrix, or mould. 

Metallic lead is a soft, tough, malleable substance, of a 
bluish color, not very ductile, that, is it cannot easily be 
drawn into wire, nor can it well stand the pressure neces- 
sary to bring it into a very thin leaf, it so easily cracks. 
It is, however, a very useful metal, tanks and pipes are 
made out of it, it is rolled into sheets for roofing. But for 
making various pigments, or substances for painting, it is 
very valuable, also for pictures, used in sundry and other 
pharmaceutical purposes. 

When lead is calcined in the Are it may be converted 
into a fine powder. This may be made to assume many 
very beautiful colors, according as the heat is managed. 
Many of the line colors of the pigments shown by Mr. 
Pascoe at the exhibition in the Kith Ward are manufac- 
tured from lead. Then, again, this powder of lead may 
be used for pottery and glass; in fact, the most transpar- 
ent glass owes its brilliance and beauty to the lead it Lon- 
tains. But for no purpose is any preparation of lead so 
valuable to the juvenile as to make the celebrated Lead 
Tree. Specimens of which are now being formed 
at the Museum, to be seen in the Mineral Room. For 
this formation, about which at one time there was 
so much mystery, all that is necessary is to procure 
a tall, clear, wliite bottle, so as to see the tree when made. 
Then get some cuttings of metallic zinc. With a i)air of 
old scissors cut the zinc into some fanciful shape, the more 
grotesque the better. Then tie a piece of string, not that 
kind made of paper, to the end of the zinc. You may 
then i>ass the zinc into the bottle, taking care to keep the 
string outside. Then procure some aceUt« of lead from 
the Co-operative Drug Store, where it may be procured for 
chemical j) irposes. You may also get some distilled water 
there, or Iresh rain water may be used. All that is neces- 
sary then is to dissolve the acetate of lead in the water, 
making what is called a dilute solution. To do this it is 






^^^^- 



r^ 



rw 



^' 



CTTJ^EItTILE IIsTSTI^TJCTOI^. 



107 



necessary to see that uU the acetate Is dissolved, and then 
add some more water, say half as much again. Tliis dil- 
ute solution may then be poured into tlie bottle and acork 
put in to exclude dust, care being taken to eK^prnd the 
zinc in the fluid so as not to touch the bottom. The bottle 
may then be placed in some place where it will not have 
to be moved at all. Then the following chemical opera- 
tions will gradually take place: The zinc will take the 
place of the lead in the solution, forming an jcotate of 
zinc, and the lead will be precipitated on the surface of the 
zinc in metallic particles, assuming arborescent shapes, 
forming one of the wonders of tlie old age of Alchemy, 
called in the lore of astrology the "Arbor Saturni." 

Beth. 



THE Moose, or American Elk, inhalits the northern 
parts of America, and is, consequently, an animal 
which is formed to endure severe cold. Although a very 
large and powerful animal, measuring sometimes seven 
feet in height at the shoulders — a height which is very 
little less than that of an average elephant — it has many 
foes, and is much persecuted by man and beast. Luring 
summer time it is tolerably safe, but in the winter it is 
beset by many perils. 

During the sharp frosts the elk runs but little risk, be- 
cause it can traverse the hard frozen surlaoe of the snow 
with considerable speed, although with a ."trange, awk- 
ward gait. Its usual pace is a swinging trot, but so light 
Is its action, and so long are its legs, that it quietly trots 
over obstacles which a horse could not easily leap, because 
the frozen surfaceof the snow, although competent to with- 
stand the regular trotting force, couid not endure the sud- 
den impact of a horse when leaping. 

As an example of the curious trot of this animal, I may 
mention that, on one occasion an elk was seen to trot, 
uninterruptedly, over a number of fallen tree-trunks, 
some of which were nearly five feet in diameter. 

It is a remarkable fact that the split hoofs of the elk 
spread widely when the fuot is placed on the ground, 
coming together again with a loud snap when it is raised. 
In consequence of this peculiarity, the elk's progress is 
rather noisy, the crackling sounds of the hoofs following 
each othei in quick succession. 

Want of food is sometimes a danger to the elk; but the 
animal is taught by instinct to clear away the snow and 
to discover the lichens, on which it chiefly lives. The 
carnivorous animals, however, are always fiercely hungry 
in the winter time, and gain, from neceesity, a factitious 
courage which they do not posses at other tinjes. As long, 
however, as the frost lasts, the elk cares little for such 
foes, as it can distance them if they chase iteverso fiercely, 
or oppose them, if by cliance it should find itself in a place 
where there is no retreat. They do not like to attack an 
animal whose skin is so thick and tough that, when 
tanned, it will resist an ordinary pistol-builot, and which 
has, besides, an awkward knack of striking with its fore- 
feet like a skillful boxer, knocking its foes over, and then 
pounding them with its hoofs until they are dead. 

But when the milder weather begins to set in, the moose 
is in constant danger. The warm sun falling on the snow 
produces a rather curious eflfect. The frozen surface only 
partially melts, and the water mixing with the snow be- 
neath, causes it to sink away from the icy surface, leaving 
a considerable space between them. The "crust," as the 
frozen surface is technically named, is quite strong enough 
to bear the weight of comparatively small animals, such 
as wolves, especially when they run swiftly over it; but it 
yields to the enormous weight of the moose, which plunges 
to its belly at every step. ' 

The wolves have now the moose at an advantage. They 
can overtake it without the least difticuly; and if they can 
bring it to bay in the snow, its fate is sealed. They care 
little for the branching horns, but leap boldly at the throat 



of the hampered animal, whose terrible fore-feet are now 
powerless, and, by dint of numbers, sooa worry it to 
death. 

Man, too, takes advantage of this state of the snow, 
equips himself with snow-shoes, and skims over the slight 
and brittle crust with perfect security. An elk, therefore, 
whenever abioad in the suow, ie liable to many dangers, 
and, in order to avoid them, it makes the curions habita- 
tion which is called the elk-yard. 

This winter home is very simple in construction, con- 
sisting of a large space of ground on which the snow is 
trampled down l)y continually treading it, so as to form 
both a hard surluce, on which the animal can walk, and a 
kind of fortress in which it can dwell securely. The whole 
of *he sjiace is not trodden down to one uniform level, but 
consists of a network of roads or passages, through which 
the animal can pass with ease. 

So confident is the elk in the security of the "yard," 
that it can scarcely ever be induced to leave its snowy for- 
tification and pass into tlie open ground. 

This habit renders it quite secure from the attacks of 
wolves, which prowl about the outside of the yard, but 
dare not venture within; but unfortunately fortheelk, the 
very means which preserve it from one danger only lead it 
to another. If the hunter can come upon one of those elk- 
yards, he is sure of his (juarry; for the animal will seldom 
leave the precincts of the snow enclosure, and the rifle-ball 
soon lays low the helpless victims. 

The elk is not the only animal that makes these curious 
fortifications, for a herd of Wapiti-deer will frequently 
unite in forming a common home. 

One of these "yards" has been known to measure be- 
tween four and five miles in diameter, and to be a perfect 
network of paths sunk in the snow. So deep, indeed, is 
the snow, when untrodden, that when the deer traverse 
the paths, their backs cannot be seen above the level of the 
white surface. 

Although of such giant size, the "yard" is not by any 
means a conspicuous object, and at a distance of a qnarter 
of a mile or so, a novice may look directly at the spot with- 
out perceiving the numerous patns. This curious fact can 
easily be understood by those of my readers who have vis- 
ited one of our modern fortifications, and have seen the 
slopes of turf apparently unbroken, although filled with 
deep trenches. 

Selected. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor 



uigittal j^o^If^* 



j!^ g-eim:. 



There's a millionaire gem — one that gladdens the sight, 

'Tis a gem tliat will never fade ; 
It is lustrous by day — it is lustrous by night — 

The same both in light and shade. 

This gem by each owner alone can be wrought: 

In market it never is sold — 
It no where iu heav'n or on earth can be bought, 

Or tratiiok'd like silver and gt»ld. 

It is not like a mushroom that hastily grows — 

No enchautineut can bi ing it fortti ; 
Perseverance and patience at length disclose 

Its beautiful form and worth. 

Now, dear children, begin in your life's early morn, 

And with diligence, labir and care 
Manufacture this e.Kcellent gem, and adorn 

Yourselves with a beauty rare. 

Unto every possessor this gem will impart. 

Both in time and eternity, 
Etnbellishments highly surpassing all art. 

Its name is Integrity. 



h 




^^«^*J^^*j^ 



ti^^ 



108 



J"TJ^E3^II1.E IIsTSTI^TJCTOI?.. 






' €1^ iabni.il(; faslnitclap- 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - • EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1870. 




LEXANDE1{ the Great conquered the 
^ known world, and is said to have wept, 
because there were no other worlds to 
comiuer; yet, he never conquered him- 
self nor controlled his own passions. 
Accounts vary as to the cause of his 
death, .some writers saying that he was 
'^ poisoned ; others, that he died through 
excessive drinking of wine ; but all agree 
in stating that he drank hard. 
In one of his marches, when he came near the 
burdei-s of Persia, he and his army marched 
tlirough the country committing the most riot- 
_^ ous and extravagant actions. Alexander was 
f,\ drawn by eight horses seated on a magnificent 
chariot. Upon the chariot a scaffold was raised, in 
the form of a square stage. On this scaifold he 
^ passed the days and nights in feasts and carousings. 
■"i^* This chariot was preceded and followed by large 
numbers of others of various shapes. On the sides 
of the roads, and at the doors of the houses, a great immber 
of casks of wine were standing open for the soldiers to drink 
the content,*. The whole country echoed with the sound of 
instruments. The women ran up and down giving themselves 
up to all kinds of vileness. This march lasted seven days, 
during all of which time the army was never .sober. If the 
conquered nations had only attacked them while they were in 
thi.s condition, they could easily have defeated them. A thou- 
.sjind resolute men, well armed, might with ease have defeated 
tiie conquerers of the world whilst thus plunged in wine and 
excess. 

Alexander's death sickness was brought on in the following 
manner; he had been holding festivals and giving banquets in 
which he drank very freely. ,IIe had spent a whole night in 
Ciirousing, and the next day a feast was proposed to him. This 
feast he attended, and there were twenty guests at the table. 
He drank to the health of every person in company, and then 
l)ledged them severally. After this, calling for a cup, caUed 
the cup of Hercules, which held six bottles, it was filled, and 
he dnink it all down. He drank to the health of one of his 
companions, I'roteas, by name; and then he ordered the cup 
to \h: again filled ; and he again emptied it. He bad no sooner 
swallowed it. than he fell upon the floor. In this condition he 
wa.s .seized with a violent fever, and carried, half dead, to his 
]ial.ice. When it was known that be was dying, having no 
child, some of his courtiers asked him to whom he left the 
empire, he answered, ''To the most worthy. " It was after- 
wanls divided among his generals. 

He was thirty-two yeans, and eight months old when he 
died — a yr)ung man to have gained .sueli iiumcnse conciuests! 
He was called .VIexander the (Jrcal ; but liis death was that of 
a poor mi.seiable drunkard, who fell a victim to his own ajipe- 
tite. 

[[ » It is related of one of tlie kings of a country of India, 

iJCr through which .Mcxaiider i)assed, that, in his inten'icw with 
15^ -VIcxauder, he addressed him in the following language : "To 



what purpose," said he, "should we make war upon one ano- 
ther, if the design of your coming into these parts be not to 
rob us of our water or our necessary food, which are the only 
things that wise men are indispensably obliged to fight for? 
As for other riches and possessions, as they are accounted in 
the eye of the world, if I am better provided with them than 
you, I am ready to let you share with me ; but if fortune lias 
been more liberal to you than me, I have no objection to be 
obliged to you." This King was a truly wise man if he acted 
up to these sentiments. 

ITORE depends upon the character of the society boys and 
■'■'-'■ girls keep than many of them are aware of It is an old and 
very true .saying that "birds of a feather will flock together. " 
In Salt Lake Citj' there is a greater variety of society 
than in any other place in the Territory. This was not the case 
formerly, when the city was small, and there were not many 
travelers coming here. A great change has, however, t>ikcn 
place in this respect of late years. Salt Lake city has become 
a very important place. Hundreds of visitors come here every 
week. Strangers come here and remain, .some for one pur- 
po.se, some for another. There is money to be made, they 
think, among the "Mormons." There are more strangers 
here who have families than there were in former times. They 
can come easily by rail, and they can get away at any .season of 
the year. Salt Lake City is thought to be so beautiful a place 
that it is attractive to people at a distance. 

But though persons of this class are more numerous than 
they were, they do not increase as fiist as the Sauits. Our 
boys and girls are becoming very numerous. We are proud of 
them ; and we are exceedingly desirovis to see them grow up 
virtuous and lovely in thought, word, and deed. But this 
cannot be if they are not careful about the company they 
keep. 

If a boy is seen in the company of those who use bad lan- 
guage, smoke and drink, and those are his daily ccmipanions, 
he cannot maintain a good cliaracter. Pcojile will conclude 
that ho is a boy of that kind himself And, indeed, how cau 
it be otherwise? If he hated bad language, if he took no plea- 
sure in drinking, and smoking, would he associate with those 
who indulged in those habits? If a girl loves the Saints and 
that which is lovely and virtuous, will she seek the .society of 
trcntiles? Will boys or girls, young men or young women, 
who are wise, and who desire to be Latter-day Saints, keep 
the cimipany of infidels and of thos^e who scoff at and ridicule 
the priesthood, the Book of ^lormon, celestial mairiage or any 
other true princijile? 

We say, no ; they will not. Therefore, when they are seen 
in such society, pcrtons of cxi erimce tay they must like it, 
and they would not like it, unless they were of that way of 
thinking and acting them.selves. 

We are told that there are some lioys who not only go with 
Gentiles themselves, but they introduce their sisters to them, 
and these (ientiles are young men who are known to be the 
open enemies of the Latter day Saints ! Shame ujion a boy 
who is the son of ]jatter-day Saints, who is so utterly lost to 
all .sen.se of propriety as to do this! He is unworthy of the 
blessings of Zion. 

We say to all boys and girls who read the Jt:VEMI,E In- 
.sTUif'Toil, be .select in your company. Never be the eom- 
jianions of .swearers, drinkers, smokers, apostates or un- 
believers. You ought to have no .sym|iathy with them, their 
jiractices or their views. So conduct yourselves that you can 
liave an entrance into good society. By good we mean the 
word in its true sen.se. Your success in life de]iends greatly 
upon this ; for if you secure a wide circle of fiiendsby your 
upright conduct and establish a character that will be a credit 



1^ 

/ 




JTJ^EnsrZLEl IltTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



109 






to you, youv "iDtevests will be lulvaiiced. This i.s an advantage 
to a jierson wlio only thinks about getting thif)ug]i this world 
alone happily; but when adopted with a view to the next 
world, tUeu the advantages are eternal. 



FN connection with dreams, there is an amusing story told 
•*- about a very noted Indian chief, who lived previous to the 
American Revolution, in what is now the State of New York. 
He wa,s called Hendrick, by the whites, sometimes King Hend- 
rick. He was one of the guests at an entertjiinment given by 
General (afterwards Sir William) Johnson, which lasted 
several days. Thus Johnson was a great man in that country 
at that time. He was very friendly with the Indians, and 
lived in their midst in all the elegance and comiiaratlve jwwer 
of an English Baron of the middle ages. lie had many 
servants, and "wives, and concubines, sons and daughters of 
diflFerent colors." Indeed he is wdd to have been the father 
of a hundred children, chiefly by Indian mothers. Johnson 
had recently received several military suits of clothes from the 
king of England, and these he showed to his guests. They 
were fine, the cloth being sairlet and the trimmings gold. ( )ne 
morning, before the clu.se of the entertainment, Hendrick told 
his friend Johnson that he had a dream the night previous. 

'"Indeed," said the General, "and what did my red brother 
dream?' ' 

"Me dreamt," replied the chief, "that dress be mine," 
pointing to one of them. 

"You shall have it," was the prompt response, and in a 
few moments the person of the majestic chief was clad in the 
splendid uniform which he had coveted. 

It is necessary, in this connection, to observe, that the 
Indians had great faith in dreams, which they believed were 
sent by the Great Spirit for wise purposes. 

General Johnson not long afterwards visited Hendrick. On 
this occasion it was the General's turn to dream. The next 
morning he said to the chief, ' 'Brother, I dreamed last night. ' ' 

"What did my palcfaced brother dream?" asked Hend- 
rick. 

"I dramed," said Johnson, "that this tract of land was 
mine," pointing it out to the chief. 

Hendrick was astonished. The piece he described was very 
large, it forms part of what is now known as Herkimer county. 
But he was not to be outdone in generosity. He replied: 

"You shall have it, but I will never dream with you again. 
Your dreams are too hard for me." 



TiiE 






From "Tridmpbs of IKVK^TloN and Discovery." — 
Publinhed by T. Nelson & Hons, Lontloti. 



UPON the dress of one of tlie natives whom Captain 
M'Clintoek fell in with, he observed a naval button, 
and, on incjuiry, found it was one of uunierous relics in the 
possession of the Esquimaux thereabouts, of a crew whose 
ship was crushed several years ago by the ice, off King 
William Island, and wiio afterwards perislietl uear the 
Great Fish River. An old man declared he had seen the 
ship go down willi his own eyes. 

There was still one of the missing ships to be accounted 
for, and extended searching Journeys were conimenee<l 
on the 2nd April. Each witli a shdge drawn by four 
men, and anotlier by six dog.s, Cajitain M'Clintoek and 
Lieutenant Hol)sou journeyed together as tar as Cape 
Victoria, where they learned that a second ship liad 
drifted on shore at King William Islaud in the fall of the I 




same year that the other was crushed. Hobson, therefore, 
started nortli-wards iu search of the wreck, while the 
captain went down the east side of the island, towards 
the Fish River. Near Cape Norton they reached a snow 
village, the inhabitants of which — "good-humored, noisy 
thieves" — were very friendly, though tliey liad never 
.seen white men liefore. From them M'Clintoek obtained 
a number of silver spoons and forks and other relics, ia 
return for a ((uantity of needles. 'J'hey told him that the 
wreck ha«l been c^irried away piecemeal by their country- 
men, and hardly any of it was left; that there had been 
many books, but all had been long ago destroyed by the 
weather; and that the white men dropiK-d by the way as 
they went to the Great River. At Cape Her.'^chel, M'Clin- 
toek found a skeletiiu in the snow, and at Cape Crozier a 
large heavy boat, previously visited by Hobson, at the 
bottom of which lay two mangled luiniaii skeletons — one 
that of a slight young poi"son, the other of a large, strong- 
ly made, middle-aged num. K great quantity of tattered 
clothing was piled up in the boat, and there were also 
watches, chronometers, silver spoons, books, &c. A 
couple of double-barrelled guns, one barrel ;n each loaded 
and cocke^l, leaning against the boat's side, seemed to 
indicate that, the poor fellows had been on the look-out 
for some passing animal to make a meal of. The only 
provisions found were tea and chocolate, which could 
never support life in such a c imate. 

Lieutenant Hobson had been more fortunate. On the 
6th of May he pitched his lent beside a large cairn upon 
Point Victory. Lying among some l(X)se stones which 
had fallen from the top of this cairn was found a small 
tin case containing a record, the substance of which is 
Inietly as follows: "This caiin was built l\y the Franklin 
Expedition. The £i\biis and 1 error spent their first 
winter at Beechy Island, after having ascended Welling- 
ton Channel to lat. 77° N., and returned by the west side 
of Coinwallis Island. On the 12th of September 1S4H, 
they were beset in lat. 7t»° 05' N., and 'J.S° 23' W. Sir 
John Franklin died on the 11th of June i847. On the 
22nd of Aj)ril 184!S, the shii)S were abandoned five leagues 
to the N. N. W. of Point Victoiy, and the survivors, one 
hundred and five in number, landed here, under the com- 
mand of (Captain Crozier." This paper was dated the 25th 
of April 1S4S, aiul upon the following day they intended 
to start for the Great Fish River. The total loss by deaths 
in the expedition, up to this date, was nine officers and 
fifteen men. A vast quantity of clothing and stores of all 
sorts lay strewed about, as if iiere every article was thrown 
away which could possibly be dispensed with — pickaxes, 
shovels, boats, cooking utensils, iron work, rope, blocks, 
canvas, a dip-circle, a sexant engraved, "Frederic Horn- 
by, R. IS.,'' a small medicine chest, oars, kn:. Lieutenant 
Hobson continued his search until within a few days' 
march of Cape Herschel, without finding any trace of the 
wreck, or of natives. 

Holison's journey illustrates forcibly the last sad march 
of the lost crews. Although supplied with plenty of 
fresli meat, pemmican, <S:c., with the lightest possible 
baggage to draw, and a numlierof dogs to assist, his men 
suHered a good deal, and he himself excessively. He was 
so nmch reduced with scurvy that he was not able to 
stand, and for more than forty days had been upon his 
sledge. Throughout the journey he had killed only one 
liearand a few ptarmigan. What, therefore, must have 
been tlie condition of the poor fellows in the Franklin 
Expedition, already worn and wasted with privation, 
sickness, and anxiety, with heavy sledges to drag along, 
without dogs, and with the i arest possible sustenance. 

The olijcctof the expedition being now accomidished, 
the Fo.r only waited till she could get away from the ice, 
an<l then returned to England, with great ditticulty 
escaping the clutches of the "pack," which would faiu 
have cut off her retreat. 

The g'-eat problem of the North-west Passage has now 
been solved, the mystery which overhung the fate of 
Franklin and his band has been cleared up— thanks to 
Lady Franklin's devotion, and the intrepidity and cour- 
age of M'Clintoek and his gallant associates— an<l the 
"one thing left undone, whereby a great mind may be- 
come notable," must be sought elsewhere. 

Captain iM'Clintock was knighted by Queen Victoria as 
an acknowledgment of his gallantry. 
{Concluded. "[ 





no 



a"TJ'V"E3SriI_,E in^STI^TJOTOI?., 






I 



-m: issio3srj^:E^Y si^etoses. 



"M'lXETEEN" persons had joined the Church at Kula, 
■'■' and I felt impressed by the spirit to go elsewliere and 
open other places in which to minister tlie word to tlie 
people. The news of what was being done at Kula — the 
new religion as it was called — the new method of baptism 
— for up to that time the people had been sprinkled, — and 
the doctrine, so strange to them, that God lias spoken 
again to man, and sent His holy angels to minister unto 
hiiii, was noised about, and there began to be a great 
curiosity felt by many of the people to hear. Although 
the natives of the Sandwich Islands had been taught to 
read, the Bible had been placed in their hands and they 
were trained to look ujjon the sectarian missionaries as 
their spiritual teachers, yet the religion of these mission- 
aries did not generally satisfy them. There was not the 
power about the God which the missionaries worshiped 
that they believed there was about the gods of their 
fathers. The missionaries taught them that God no 
longer revealed himself to men, that prophecy, miracles 
and the gifts mentioned in the Bible had ceased. But we 
taught the very opposite of all this. We told them God 
had not changed. He was the same to-day that He w;;s 
when the Bible was written. His gifts and blessings 
were for men now as .much as they were eighteen hun- 
dred years ago. It was not God who had changed ; it was 
man. Man had lost faith, and he did not obey God's 
laws, therefore, he had lost favor with the heavens and 
the gifts and blessings were withhehl. The Bible upheld 
us in our teachings, and there M-as a consistency in our 
doctrines which pleased the honest. The most of the 
natives of the islands supposed the Bible meant what it 
said; they had not learned to think that it meant one 
thing when it safd another. But alter our arrival the 
sectarian missionaries tried hard to teach them tliat the 
Word of God had a hidden meaning, and that it \va.s not 
like other language— a task, however, which, with a 
plain, simple people like the natives, they found very 
dillicult. 

These missionaries had great influence with the chiefs 
and the government. Their religion was, in fact, the 
State religion, though not so declared by law ; it was 
popular to be a member of their church, while it was un- 
popular not to be connected with them. It loijked like a 
formidable and hopeless tasK to attempt to preach the 
gospel to a people and in a govfrnmeut over whom sec- 
tarian priests had such comiilete control. But we knew 
God could break down every barrier and remove every 
obstacle. We put our trust in Him, and we were not dis- 
appointed. 

1 was led, a-s I have said, to prepare to go to some other 
place to labor so as to extend the knowledge of the gosjiel. 
I had arranged to start on a certain day, but was detained. 
My detention was providential, for that day Brother 
James Keeler arrived, accompanied by a native, of the 
name of Xamakaiona. Brother Keeler, after leaving 
Kula, had traveled around the island until he reached a 
I)lace called Keanae, where he liail stojiped. He had read 
the scrijjtures to the pco|)le of that iilace, and (juite an 
interest had been awakened among them, many were 
an.xious to hear preaching, and to be liapti/cd. He wished 
me to come over there; they had furnished him a horse 
to come over after me and being me. 

The road over which we traveled part of the distance 
to reach Keanae, passed through a most romantic coun- 
try. The vegetation was of the most luxuriant descrip- 
tion, the trees being of a kind new to me, and very- 
grand. Such a wealth of vegetation I had read of, but never 
before beheld; and is not seen iu any laud outside of the 






tropics. The shrubs and ferns were in great variety, and 
grew in almost endless profusion. Many of the trees were 
masses of living green from the root upward, being 
covered with a multitude of vines and creepers of various 
kinds. The road was impassable for carriages or 
wagons; in fact, horsemen had to dismount and lead their 
horses in many places up and down the hills, they were 
so steep. Whatever the people who lived iu tbe villages 
ou that side of the island needed, they either carried in 
on their backs or brought round in boats. To me the 
journey was most romantic, and I enjoyed it, the more 
so as I now understood the language, and was able to 
obtain many interesting items from the natives with 
whom we traveled and met 'Concerning the country and 
their history and traditions. Our arrival at Keanae 
created great excitement. The people had been watching 
for us, and seeing us approach from a long distance had 
gathered to meet us. Had we been princes they could 
not have treated us with greater consideration and honor. 
We obtained the Ciilviiiistlc meeting-house the afternoon 
of our arrival, and there was a large attendance to hear 
the preaching. This waa on Weilnesday, and from that 
time until Monday we were constantly speaking, bap- 
tizing, confirming and counseling the people. During 
that time there were upwards of one-hundred and 
thirtj- baptized. The spirit of the Lord was powerfully 
poured out and all rejoiced ; I never enjoyed myself so 
well before in my life. When I started back to Kula, 
which I did on Tuesday morning, I felt very tired with 
the amount of labor that I had performed. My object in 
returning then, was to organize the Saints who had been 
baptized into a branch, so that I could return again to 
Keanae. In organizing the branch at Kula I ojiiained 
two teachers whose names were, Kaleohano and Maiola, 
and three deacons. Pake, Kahiki and Mahoe. After two 
weeks absence, I returned to Keanae, and we orgt»niz.ed 
four branches of the Church in tliat region. We only 
ordained teachers and deacons as otticers, thinking it bet- 
ter to let them gain experience in the duties of these 
callings, before ordaining them to the Aaronic or 
Melchescdic priesthood. 

While there, ou that occasion, we were gladdened with 
the news of an arrival of missionaries from the vallej-; 
and after the conference. Brother Keeler and myself re- 
paired to Lahaina to meet them. They were Elders 
Plilip B. Lewis, Francis A. Hammond, and John S. 
Woodbury; the two former had their wives with them; 
the latter for want of means had left his wife in California, 
and she came down shortly afterwards. Brother Lewis 
had been appointed, by Elder Parley P. Pratt, to preside 
over the Islands. 

I had become so accustomed to talking in the Sandwich 
Island language that it was hard for me to speak in my 
mother tongue. I well recollect how difficult it was for 
me to pray in English, when called upon to do so, in the 
familj- circle, the evening after I got to Lahaina. I had 
been so anxious to learn the language that 1 would not 
read any book in English excepting the Book of Mormon 
and the Doctrine and Covenants, and had even trainetl 
myself, to think in that language. I did this so that I 
might be thoroughly familiar with it, for I was anxious 
to preach the gospel iu exceeding plainness unto the i)eo- 
jile. Of couise it riMjiilred an edort ou my part to thus 
train myself; but I was well jiaid lor it all, in the fluency 
with which I used the language. I was able to speak and 
write it with greater ease and correctness than my mother 
tongue. 



Why is a man asleep 
doziu' (dozen). 



like twice six? Because he is a 



■fe^ti 



0" TJ "V^ E 2sr I 31. EJ IlsrSTT^TJOTOIE?.. 



111 Ifi* 



^u^ttiiiJm. 






THE 




LDER Taylor continued parrying their 
guns until they had got them atwut 
half their length into the room. The' 
revolver that Joseph had fired had 
failed, and there were no more firearms 
in the room. Elder Taylor, finding 
that further resistance was vain, went 
to the window with the inteutiou of 
jumping out ; thinking that there would 
be a better chance for defense and for 
aining aid from friends outside the build- 
: than where they were. While at the 
idow, a ball, fired from within, struck 
him on his left thigh, hittirig the bone and 
passing through to within half an inch of the 
ler side. He fell on tlie wiudowsill, com- 
tely paralyzed, the ball having deprived him 
all strength ; but, when on the point of fall- 
; outside, a ball, fired from the outside, struck 
: fwatch in his vest pocket and threw him 
back into the room. He did not know until after he 
reached Nauvoo, when his clothes were examined, what 
it was that had forced him back into the room. After he 
fell on the floor he was hit by two more balls ; one of 
them injuring his left wrist considerably, and the other 
entering his leg just below the left knee. He rolled 
under the bed which stood near the window in the 
corner of the room. While he lay there he was fired at 
several times by the men at the head of the stairs. One 
ball struck him on the left hip, which tore away the flesh 
in a shocking manner. Large quantities of blood were 
scattered around the wall aud floor ; all around where his 
head lay the plaster was knocked ott' by tlie bullets that 
were fired at him. Joseph seeing there was no safety in 
the room, turned calmly from the door, dropped his 
pistol on the floor and sprang into the same window from 
which Elder Taylor had attempted to leap, when two 
balls pierced him from the door, and one entered his 
right breast from witliout, aud he fell outward, exclaim- 
ing, "O Lord, ray Ood." He fell partly on his right 
shoulder and back, his head and neck reaching the 
ground a liitle l>efore his feet, and he rolled instaistly on 
his face. As Joseph went out of the window, Dr. Rich- 
ards was close upon him. In describing the scene he says 
that Joseph was dead when he fell on the ground. 

Among the murderers outside was a man, barefoot and 
bareheaded, without a coat, his shirt-sleeves rolled up 
above his elbows and his pants above his knees ; he lifted 
Joseph and propped him against the south side of the well 
curb which stood a few feet from the jail. In the engrav- 
ing which we gave in the last number, you can see the 
position of the well-curb. Colonel Levi Williams then 
ordered four men to shoot him. They stood about eight 
feet from the curb, and fired simultaneously. A slight 
cringe of the body was noticed as the balls struck ban, 
and he fell on his face The ruffian who set him against 
the well-curb, then took a bowie-knife, with the evident 
intention of cutting off his head. It was reported that a 
considerable sum of money had been offered, by the mob, 
for his head. As he raised the knife, and was in the atti- 
tude;of striking, a light, so sudden and powerful, burst 
from the heavens upon the bloody scene, (passing its 



Vivid chain between Joseph and his murderers) that they 
were struck with terror. The arm of the ruflian that held 
the knife, fell powerless; the musket* of the four Who 
fired fell to the ground, and they all stood like marble 
statues, not having the power to move a single limb of 
their bodies. 

As Joseph fell from the window, the cry was raised, 
'^Hc has leaped the window," and the mob on the stairs 
and in the entry ran out as soon as they could. After 
slioottng him, the murderers hurried off in a disorderly 
manner as ftist as they could. Colonel Williams shouted 
to some who had just commenced their retreat, to come 
back and help to carry oft' the four men who fired, who 
were still paralyzed. They came and carried them away 
by main strength to the baggage wagons, and they all fled 
txiwards Warsaw, 

Dr. Richards, when he saw that Joseph was dead, with- 
drew from the window, thinking it of no use to leap out 
on a hunilred bayonets then around Joseph's body. He 
liad escaped in a most miraculous manner. He was a 
very large man, yet he stood unscathed in the midst of a 
shower of bullets, one ball only hitting him, which took 
away the tip end of the lower part of his left ear. A 
propliecy which Joseph had uttered over a year previous 
was thus literally fulfilled. He said that the time would 
come tliat tlie bullets would fly around him like hail, and 
he should see his friends falling on the right and on 
the left, but that there should not be a hole in his gar- 
ments. 

Expecting tlie mob to return into the room. Dr. Rich- 
ards rushed towards the prison door at the head of the 
stairs aud througli the entry from whence the firing had 
proceeded, to learn if the doors of the prison were open. 
As he did so. Elder Taylor called out, "Take me," When 
he found all the doors unbarred, he caught Elder Taylor 
under his arm, and went into the dungeon or inner prison, 
stretched him on the floor and covered him with a bed in 
such a manner that he would not be seen. He said to 
Elder Taylor, "This is a hard case to lay you on the 
floor, but if your wounds are not fatal, I want you to live 
to tell the story. He expected that the mob would return 
aud probably kill him. It seems that while he was in 
the cell, a number of the mob did rush up stairs, but find- 
ing only the dead body of Hyrum, they turned to go 
down, when a loud cry was heard, "The Mormons are 
coming," which caused the whole baud to rush off as 
hard as they could. 



THE 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
BEE-TII^s^E. 



OUR little bee arrived [rather late this time, in fact so 
much so, that I was almost afraid, he would come too 
late for this number of the Juvenile Instructor. I 
thought he had got among the armies of that tremendous 
war, which is now raging between the Germans and tlie 
French, and could bring us some touching stories from 
the battle-field, but he comes from a country further away 
yet, and shows by the way in which lie tells his story, 
that he is quite partial to his new made friends, at least 
in some respects. His story runs thus: 
Turkish Honesty, 
Far away on both sides of that strait which separates 
Europe from Asia, called the Bosphorus, and noted for its 
beauty of scenery, live the Turks, a nation that some two 
hundred years ago was the terror of all Europe, by the 
cruelty with which they kept up constant wars with the 
neighboring nations and carrying death and desolation 
into their countries. Things have changed, however. 



^- 




•^ 



lis 



CrTJlTElTIL^ IIsrSTI^TJCTOI?. 



^ 



^. 



since then, and tlie Turks, instead of being the terror of 
all the kings, are only suftei'cd to remain [in Europe by 
the mutual jealousj' of the various great powers, or else 
fhey Would have been driven back into Asia, whence 
they came, long ago. These peculiar peojile (lifter from 
all the nations of Europe hrtt only in their manners and 
costumes, their origin, language and habits, but also 
especially in their religion, they being all Mohammedans, 
that is, believing in a certain INIohammed as their prophet 
and the founder of iheir religion, while the rest of the 
nations of Europe are Christians, that is such as profess 
to believe iH Jesus Christ. There is not much love lost 
between the Christians and the Turks on either side, for 
they both hate and despise each other. But there are 
some traits of character among the Turks, which deserve 
the highest praise, among which their great lionesty 
takes a prominent place. Any stranger, who traverses 
the streets of Constantinople or any other Turkish town, 
is struck with the confiding carelessness, with which 
mefchants and dealers of the varieties of trade leave their 
shops, merely putting a piece of cloth across the entrance 
as a sign that the proprietor has gone out and that nobody 
is to enter until his return. Large sums of money are 
constantly passing from one hand into the other, by loan, 
purchase or exchange with no other security but the 
given word, whivh is all suflieient, as in most cases nei- 
ther party can write or read. All tlie goods sold at the 
market or in the stores, at least in tlie towns of the in- 
terior of the Jund, where foreign influence lias not yet 
been at work, have fixed prices, and if you were to ofter 
to the merchant an amount less than what he asiks for 
the article you wished to purchase, he would simply turn 
around and leave you standing alone. 

TJie following incident will illustrate to you the general 
honesty of the people. An English gentleman, having 
shijiped goods of great value to Turkey, was met at the 
shore by the Turkish merchant for whom he had brought 
them. The merchant had them unloaded and laid on tlie 
shore. After all the gootls Had been takeii out and 
deposited thus on the land, it began to be dark and the 
Turk invited the gentleman to accompany him home. 
When about to start off, the Englishman observed to his 
Turkish friend, that he had left no guards with these 
many goods, and that they might be stolen during the 
liight. Upon this the Turk smiled and answered. "My 
dear sir, be perfectly at your ease about these goods, 
nobody will steal them, for there is no Christian J'or forty 
milcn around here.'''' 

AVhen a man is so sure of the honestj' of his neighbors, 
it is a beautiful testimonial of their virtue. Should we, 
I^atter day Saints that we are, suiter ourselves to be ex- 
celled by those Mohammedans in such a simj)le and easy 
principle? Many of us remember the time, when we, in 
these our peaceful vales, did not need lock or key on our 
doors when we were leaving the house, and such is per- 
haps the case yet, in some of our more distant settlements; 
but strangers have come into our midst and wrought asad 
change in this as in many other resi)eets. When the 
time shall come that our boys will not break into their 
neighbors' watermelon-patches anymore, or rob other 
j)eoples' apple-trees of their delicious fruit, or steal ))lunis 
and peaches out of the gardens, then we can tell to such 
narrators as our friend, this honeybee: "You don't need 
to go to Turkey for fine stories of honesty and integrity, 
for. right here, in our mountain home, the boys and girls 
arc already so ; other peoples' property is sacred in their 
eyes. In'iirnctising the simple an<l c;isy principU; of 
honesty they lay the foundation for the exercise of those 
great and divine )iriiieii>les, which will make tlieni 
Saints of the Most High God." K. G. M. 



A Gkeat Thinkeu.— a son of the Emerald Isle wished 
to present a parrot to an intimate friend. He called on a 
dealer, who, having just sold his last parrot, persuaded 
Mike to buy an owl, which he claimed aa belonging to a 
rare and valuable species of parrots. Mike paid :?3 for the 
bird, and immediately walked otl" with it to the house of 
his friend, who was highly pleased with it. About four 
weeks after, Mike again called to see what progress the 
Polly made. "And how does she spaik?" asked Mike. 
"She don't spaik at all— niver a word since the day you 
brought it." Mike was off in a jifiy to ask the dealer 
why the bird didn't speak. "She hasn't spoken one word 
as yet," said Mike, as soon as he could gain breath. "Oh," 
replied the man of business, with cool indifference, "he is 
not a great speaker, but a very great thinker." Mike left 
nonplussed. 



A boy eight years old, in one of our public schools, hav- 
ing boen told that a reptile "is an animal that creeps," on 
being asked to name one on examination day, promptly 
and triumphantly replied, "a baby." 



HJk-I^IPY X.^I^'E. 



Life is bappy ; hear the birds — 
Karly as Ibe morning Ijreaks, 

Every sweet toned throat of silver 
Into songs of gladness breaks. 

Life is bappy ; see the kitten 
Darting in and out the door, 

Rrtcing, rolling, luad wilh frolle, , 
On tne sunny, nursery tloor. 

Life is happy ; on the flowers 
See the gay, white butterflies ; 

In the sweet delight of uiolion 
How Ihey flutter, fall, and rise. 

Life is buppy ; in the brooklets 
See the minnows ginnce and dive. 

Full of freedom and of gladness. 
All old ocean's tenants live. 

Life is happy ; see the insects, 
Free, and frolicsome, and tViir. 

Hovering cloud of bliis*'ul motion. 
Filling all the summer air. 

Thus for all God's bumble creatures, 
Happiness was surely meant; 

Let not, then, in aad i-epininj; 
Any human life be spent. 

"PaMs not to the ground a sparrow, 
Without notice of your Lord. 

How much more are ye than sparrows?'' 
Was our Savior's precious word. 

Let us trust Him, then, for "gladness ; 

And, for all His t>lessings lent, 
Kender thankful praise, and give Him 

Hearts and lives of sweet content. 



vJXJArE;3SriIL,E IlTSTI?.TJCTOK. 

Is published id Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Shir/le Oipy, ptyr Annum §3 00. 

Single Copy, for Six Monllis 1 50. 

*B- <;r.iin hroiiL'lit t<. tlii» fify for tlip .Ii'VKNii.K Issrr.iirTOR will be 
received fit tlic ollioe ofour paper— IlK.'^lCKKT Nkws Bcildixos, 



^'^i 



