



fulht^ss U i\t 3ox)i\ 



iQ^ 



VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1871. 



NO. 12. 



Ex:i=>EXjLEnD :fe.oij^ :e'j^:HjXS. 



OUR readers are familiar to a great extent with many of the 
iutidents of suffering, -wrett-heduess and ci-uelty connected 
with tlie bloody contest from which the nations of France and 
Prussia have just emerged. It has been perhaps the most 
formidable and disastrous war ever engaged in by two nations. 
France acted on the aggressive, and, figuratively speaking, txiok 
the part of the bully, knocking the chip off the other boy's 
shoulder. Proud, arrogant and powerful, the French people 
never doubted but that they would have an easy conquest over 
Prussia, as was the case in 1806, when the French armies under 
Napoleon I. invaded that country. Prussia, though perhaps 
equally anxious for war, and withal, better prepared for it than 
was France, having 
better disciplined 
arm ies, acted 
rather re s e r v e d 
than othe r wi s e. 
France had several j^z^^ 
trifling pretexts for Ig -^,-; 
assuming an atti- 
tude of war to- 
wards Prussia. 
Buoyant and blood- 
thirsty the French 
armies ma r c h e d 
and met the Prus- 
sians. Success at 
first made them 
reckless and dar- 
ing, but they were 
unable to cope 
with the Prussians. 
] )cf(;at and di.saste r 
fol lowed. R e - 
treating into t h e 

interior they were f(ill(jW(Ml closely and persistently by the 
Prus.sians, spreading desolation on every hand. Previous to tjie 
W)mmcn(X!ment of thi; war, it did not seem reasonable that the 
I'ruasians aiuld defeat the i)owerful armies of Fnince, and 
march to Pan.s, the capital city; yc:t such they did. Panic- 
stricken and demoralized, the French were driven from one 
city to another, until Paris it.self was surrounded by the Pru.s- 
sians and Iwmbarded. 

The city of Paris was one of the most magnificent in the 
world, and one of which the French people were very proud ; 
and the thought of having their opponents enter it, and reduce 
them to subjection and ignominy was too humiliating for the 
haughty French to entertain. Accordingly tlicir best general- 



ship ^was brought to bear, to withstand the siege. The city 
was barricaded on all sides, all able-bodied French citizens were 
drafted to serve in the army of defense, precautionary measures 
were adopted in case of provisions becoming scarce, and every 
one suspected of sympathj' for the Prussians or of being a spy, 
was expelled from the city. This was deemed wise policy 
under the circumstances, as in addition to the internal trouble 
they would have created, there was danger of the excited popu- 
lace summarily putting an end to their existence. 

In addition to these there were other classes of persons 
driven out of Paris : those who were not able to take part in 
the defense of the city; they being considered useless. This 

would ap pear a 
larsh action, and 
doubtless entailed 
a vast amount of 
suffering, but it 
was thought neccs- 
Miry, as the pro- 
visions were al- 
ready scarce, and 
tlia food w h i e li 
they w<inld con - 
sume, if tlie.v re- 
mained would be 
re(inired for tiie 
defenders of th(! 
city. WciMjitn (1 f 
oosc char a e t e r 
were also ex pel- 
d. 

Our engrav i n g 
repr e s e n t s t li e 
Scene of the ex- 
ulsion. Wc see 
here, apparently jiersons of many different clas.ses, being 
marched l)etween lin(w of soldiers, to be thrust outside the 
limits of the city, with no way of ju-oviding for their want.s. 

Tills is only one (if the thousands of cases of suffering and 
misery entailed by the terrible war just ended, which has li.en 
fraught with such direful nisidt.s— a war, which for being 
hastily conci'ived and swiftly executed is witlinut parallel in the 
annals of history. 

Let us be thankful that find has jierniitted us to live here- 
in these valleys, (ar rejunved Inim such scenes of strife and 
carnage; and let us hop,. ,-ilsii that the honest in heart i if the 
two unfortunate nations may also be speedily gathered out to 
enjoy this blessing with us. 




■ft*^^i 






Ifc 



90 



or TJ ^ E ILT I L E insrSTE^TJOTOI?.. 



I 



[For the Juvenile Instruclor. 



% 



f 



j^j^TizvronsriTE. 



THIS miiicnil whii.-li is a sulphide of antiiuou.y (l^ Sbplus 3 S) 
is also knowu as "Stibiiite'' from Stibium the classical 
iiaiuc of antimony. 

This ore affords nearly all the antimony of comnieree. The 
crude antimony is obtained by simple fusion, which separates 
the metal in an impure form from the rock. From this sub- 
stance the metal is scjiarated ; and many things useful in the 
arts besides are obtained. The ancients greatly prized this 
metal, or rather the sidi)hide itself, for its usefulness in adorn- 
ing the person. The.v used it in the s;uiie way that .some 
moderns do to blacken the hair, eyebrows and eyelashes. The 
wa.v they jirepared it is ou record, so that we may at an.v rate 
analj'ze the sulpliide of antimon.v in a simple manner. Here is 
the substance of what one ancient writer .sa3's on the manufac- 
ture of antimony: "Inclose the ore in a lump of dough, and 
then bm-n the mass in a cinder. Then put the cinder into milk 
and wine to extinguish the fire, after which place it upon the 
coals and blow the mass into a flame, taking care not to let it 
obtiiin too much heat for fear of turning it into lead." Hence it 
is .supixised by mineralngist.s that occasionally the metal anti- 
mony was reidly seen by the ancients though not distinguish- 
able from lead. 

The princijial use i if the pigment preimred, was to darken the 
eyelash and sides of the eye, to make the eye api)ear wide, 
which was then considered an addition to beauty to that fea- 
ture of the human countenance, hence one of tlie names of this 
cosmetic signified ''broad eye." As to the blackening of the 
hair, it was b.v covering the surface of the hair with the pre- 
paration in a pulverizi^d form, and by prejiaring a black wax, 
nmch in the way that modern beautitiers of the person do liy 
preparations si ild at the hair dres.sers and perfumers in large cities. 

We ujay think it .strange that .eo much attention should have 
been paid by the ancient* in adorning the per.son, but man.v 
tons weight of lead combs are however jircpared in our da.v to 
blacken human hair, these wimbs are an alloy containing anti- 
mony, and they do answer the pur|X)se by imparting a black- 
ness on tlie surfaiv. As to the pnwdiT niadi; now to blacken 
the o.vfilashes. it is prepared as a paint fnr th.it purjio.se and 
appli'd witli a cainci hair pencil. 

Oiiccif the most iniiKirtant uses of ili'' metal antimony is tf> 
form suit;ibl>' alloys for type niet^. and for .stercxitype purposes. 
iiOad is a soft metal, three parts of lc;id with one of antimony, 
witli a little tin form a type metal ; nine parts of lead, two of 
antinmny and one of bisnmth, form a stcrf,'Otype metal. Ano- 
ther thing that this last alloy is useful for is to t^ike fac sim- 
iles of coins and motiils, as in cuoling it expands, thus causing 
the impressifiti Uj be sharp and well defined. 

Another use for the metal, is to make pewter, and an alloy 
used f>>r making vessels for domestic purpj-scs, sui;h as plates, 
jugs, Ac; this alloy is known a.s 'Urittatiia metal." Probably 
other u.S'.'s may bo suggested, when we reduce the metal in 
abundanci', which will bi' done. Nine parts of tin, to oni; each 
of antimony, bismuth and li'ad, make a pleasing alloy flir c.ist- 
ing into toys. 

There arc varioas nndicinal uses for aniiniony, which need 
not l>e dwelt upon, as a girnend thing in)n alone, of the per- 
fect nictols i.s useful in the body ; as to applying powders made 
of the mcUillic sulphides or oxides to (he bair, it i.s very dan- 
gerous; by so doing the minute p'lres of the skin are mure or 
less stopped, thus impeding the functions of those iniporl.mt 
organs. JJKTII. 



2v^ISSIOIsr.i^K.ir SKIETOITES. 



[Concluded.) 

MY companion was called to Sidney on business, and I being 
left to travel alone for a few weeks, started on a tour 
through the country to sell our books. While traveling I met 
with an adventure at a large tavern called the Half-way House, 
kept by a Eoman Catholic. This house was situated half wa\' 
between Penrith and Bathurst cities. When I called at this 
house the landlord was away from homo, but his wife was there 
and I showed her my books, some of which she purchased; and 
as dinner was nearly ready 1 was invited to stay and get dinner. 
While I was having a good discussion on the scriptures, the 
master of the liousc came home, and bmught with him a Catho- 
lic priest. The woman showed the priest the books that she 
had bought, and he .gave her a severe rejirimand for taking 
them, and then turned to me and said that I was an infernal 
heretic and ought to be burned at the sfcikc and killed. The 
master of the house partook of the same murderous spirit, and 
remarked that ho would set his dogs on me and tear me to 
pieces; while he was whipping his wife, I stepped out and 
started. This was in a very heavy timbered country, and I did 
not follow the road, for I knew that he would follow me, and if 
he found me that he would do something desperate ii^ he could. 
I had been traveling about a half an hour when I heard the 
somjd of the largo hoimds and bull dogs ou my track. A thou- 
sand thoughts i>ast through my mind in a short time, and I 
imagined that perhaps I should never see my aged mother 
again ; but then the thought came to me that President 
Heber C. Kimball had ])rophesied on my head that I should 
live to fill my mission and return again to the bosom of the 
Church. I then tried U) climb up a tree, but the bark was so 
smooth that I could not climb it, and by this time the dogs had 
come in sight and I coidd hear a man's voice urging them on. 
While in this situation I called on the Lord for help, and my 
prayer was heard ; for as the dogs came near me a large kan- 
garoo crossed my track in fidl speed, and the dogs, seeing it, 
turned sr|uare about and went after the animal and did not see 
me at all. I then turned and went to the road, but my troubles 
were not yet ended. The dogs had gone out of hearing, but 
the man had discovered that the dogs were after the animal and 
tried to call them back, but could not; so he came into the road 
to hunt fiir me. I heard a rough voice calling after me, and 1 
looked back in the road and saw a man coming on a run carr.\'- 
ing a large club in his hand. He swore bitterl.v, and said as he 
had caught me now he would use me up with that club. 1 
could sec that he was possessed of a spirit to kill, so 1 walked 
up to him and oflcred him my hand, with the remark that I 
wanted to talk with him a short, tinie before he carried his 
threat into execution. I said "Sir, I am an Amcriciin, and I 
have come here thousands of miles t/i do .vou and others good," 
and then, to draw his attention. I Ui\(\ him that there were many 
Irish people in America and .some of them were very wealth.v, 
and they built our railroads, and made tln^ bi^st soldii^rs, and 
more than that, when the famine was raging in Ireland the 
-Vmeriisins sent several ship loads of flour and bread stnft' to 
them, and did not charge thelu one cent for them. B.v this timit 
he dropped his dub and wi^ walked along togetlK^- until we 
(xime on the hill within sight <if' the city Paramatta. lie stoppeil 
and wo talked a short tin;e, and he confessed to me that he 
intended, when he came up to me, to have killed me with the 
club, but he was glad now that he did not strike me with i(-. 
He shook hands with me and started back homo. Little did lie 
think that it was an over-iuling provirlence that stayed his hand 
that he was not permitt/'d to strike with the club. Here I 
joined my companion again and we started on a tour through 
the coimtry. 

The Island of Au.'ilralia abounds in man.v jiarts with wil<I c;il- 



i^tf^^ 



»: 



J" TJ 'V E IsT 1 1-. E IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI2.. 



91 



tie. As we were traveling one day through the woods on an 
old road not much used, all at once we lieard a thundering sound 
behind us, and my partner who was about one rod behind me 
cried "look out for wild cattle 1' There was some fallen tim- 
ber near by, and I ran and got up on a tree top, and then looked 
back to see where my companion was. I saw that he was in 
danger and I ran to his assistance, but before I could reach him 
a wild bull had caught him and thrown him on his homs; 
but he had no sooner struck the ground then he sprang to his 
feet again. The bull came the second time and my companion 
caught him by the horns, and was thrown again, this time 
alighting in a tree top, where the animal did not attempt to fol- 
low him, but turned around at me as I was belaboring him ^rtth 
a club. Wlien I saw that he had turned on me, I felt my first 
fear of being hurt. There was a tree about three rods distant 
from me, I thought if I could get to it I could save myself by 
dodging the bull, so I st;irted to run to the tree, the bull 
close after me with his head down ready to hook on the first 
touch of his horns. Quite faint I succeeded in reaching the tree 
and whirled myself around it. The bull threw up his head and 
snorted and passed on. About this time my companion rose up 
out of the tree top where the bull had thrown him, and called 
to me "has he got you?" I answered, "No sir, it takes a 
smarter bull than that to catch me on a fair race." I then went 
to my partner to see if he was hurt, and found that all the 
bmise or hurt that he had received was in the palms of his 
hands, caused by his taking liold of the bull's homs to save 
himself 
Payson. AMASA POTTER. 



[For the Juveniln Instructor. 

:R."E!OOLLEOTIOISrS. 
{Continued.) 



^n^. 



ONE day the com))any overtook President Kluiball's company, 
which was traveling ahead of them ; this was somewhere 
near the north fork of the Platto River. Jane Wilson, who 
has been mentioned as being a member of the family of Widow 
Smith, and as being troubled with fits, &c., and withal very 
fond of snuff, started ahead to overt;iko her mother who was 
in the ftimily of Bishoj) N. K, Whitney, in President Kim- 
ball's comi)any, supposing both com])anies would camp toge- 
ther, and she could easily return to her own camji in the even- 
ing. But, early in the afternoon, our Cai)tain ordered a halt, 
and camped for that night and the next day. This move, 
unfortunately, comjielled poor Jane to contuuie on with her 
mother in the preceding company. 

Towards evening the Captain took a position in the centre of 
the corral formed by the wagons, and called the company toge- 
ther, and then cried out : 

"Is all right in the camp?" "Is all right in the camp?" 

Not supposing for a moment that anything was wrong no 
one replied. He repeated the fjuesfion again and again, each 
time increasing his vehemence, until some began to feel alarmed. 
Old "Uncle Tomnjie" Harrington replied in good f^nglish 
style, "nout's the inatt<:r winie" "nout's the matter wi me;" 
and one after another ri'plied, "Nothing is the matter with 
me," until it came tfi Widow Snjitli, at which, in a towering 
nige, the Cajitain e.Kchiimcd, "All's right in the camj), and a 
poor wonian lost!" 

Widow Smith replied, "she is not lost; she is with her 
mother, and as safe as I am." 

At which the Captain lo.st all control of his temper, and fair- 
ly screamed out, "1 rebuke y.m, Widow Smith, in the name of 
the I/ird !" pouring fortli a tirade ui'aljiise u[ion her. Nothing 
would pacify hiui till ^he projio.scd to send her son John ahead 
to find Jane. It was alujost dark, and he would doubtless have 



to travel until nearly midnight before he woidd overtake the 
company ; but he started, alone and miarmed, in an unknown 
region, an Indian country, infested by hordes of hungry wolves 
i-avenous for the dead cattle strewn here and there along the 
road, which drew them in such numbers that their bowlings 
awakened the echoes of the night, making it hideous and dis- 
turbmg the slumbers of the camps. 

That night was spent by Widow Smith in prayer and 
anguish for the safety of her son ; but the nest day John 
returned all safe, and reported that he had found Jane all right 
with her mother. Widow Smith's fears for his safety, although 
perhaps unnecessary, were not gi-oundless, as his account of his 
night's trip proved. The wolves growled and glared at him as 
he passed along, not earing even to get out of the road for him; 
their eyes gleaming like balls of fire through the darkness on 
every hand ; but they did not molest him ; still, the task was one 
that would have made a timid jierson shudder and shrink from 
its performance. 

Another circumstance occurred, while camped at this place, 
which had a wonderful influence, some time afterwards, upon 

Captain 's mind. Tliere was a party of the brethren 

started out on a hunting expedition, for the day. A boy, that 
was driving team for Widow Smith, but little larger than Jos- 
eph, although several years his senior, accompanied them, rid- 
ing with the Captain in his carriage, which they took along to 
carry their game in. This boy — (he is now a man, and no 
doubt a good Latter-day Saint) was a very gi-eat favorite of the 
Captain's; and was often cited by him as a worthy example for 
Joseph, as he stood guard, and was very obliging and obedient 
to him. During the day the Captain left him in charge of Ids 
carriage and team, while he went some distance away in search 

of game, charging W not to leave the spot until he 

returned. Soon after the Captain got out of sight, W 

drove off in pursuit of some of the brethren in another direction, 
and when he overtook them, strange to say, he told a most 
foolish and flimsy story, which aroused their suspicion. They 
charged him with falsehood, but he unwisely stuck to his story. 

It was this: "Captain had sent him to tell them to drive 

the game down to a certain point, so that he (the Captaiti) 
might have a shot as well as they." Having done this, he 
started back to his post, expecting to get there, of course, 
before the Captain returned. But unfortunately for his good 
reputation with the Cai)tain, he was too late. The Captain had 
returned, but the carriage was gone, not knowing the reason he 
doubtless became alarmed, as he immediately started in search, 
instead of waiting to see if it would return. He missed con- 
nection, and was subjected to a tedious tramji and great anx- 
iety, until he fell in with those brethren, who related the 

strange interview they had had with W and the mystery 

was explained. Returning again, there he found the carriage 
and W all right, looking innocent and dutiful, little sus- 
pecting that the Captain knew all, and the storm that was 
about to burst upon his devoted head. But like a thunder-clap 

the storm came. At first W affected bewilderment, 

Iiutfing on an air of injured innocence, but soon gave waj' 
before the avalanche of wrath hurled upon him. I'oor fellow! 
he had destroyed the Captain's confidence in him, and would he 
ever re.gain it? The reader can readily imagine, this w<inl(l be 
a difficult matter. Sometime after this, the Caiitain went out 
from camp with his carriage to gather saleratus, and on the way 
overtook Joseph on foot. To Joseph's utter astonishment, llie 
Cajitiiin sfopiied and invited him to ride. There was another 
brother in the carriage with him. As they went along, {\w 
Captain t<]ld this story, and concluded by saying, "Now Jos- 
eph, since W has betra.ved my confidence, so that I dare 

not trust him any more, you shall take his place. 1 don't believe 
you will deceive me." Josei)li in the best manner he possitily 
could, declined the honor pRiffered to him. 
(To be continued.) 



"4*^ 



Ji^ 





^fi^^^ 



J" TJ ^ B 3Sr I L E IiTSTI?."CrCTOI^. 



y[ 












CEORCE Q. CANNON 


- 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, JUNE 


10, 


1871. 



EIDITOI?.IJ^I-. THTOTJCa-HTS. 



PAET Y of Methodist preachers are eom- 
'^ ing to this city with a big tent, for the 
purpose of holding camp meetings. Our 
readers who have been brought up iu this 
Territory do not know wliat a camp meet- 
ing is. Iu the Eastern States, a grove is 
selected, a stand built, seats arranged for 
the people, and a great excitement raised 
in the country, to hare the men and women 
come together to meeting. Then the prea- 
ers commence theu- labors. They appeal to the 
fears of the jjeople, try to rouse them to a sense 
of their sinful condition, and describe to them the 
terrors of hell, so that they may seek for religion. 
A mourners' bench is provided to which all are 
led who de.sire to Ijecome religious, at which the 
preachers gather together to pray with and fiir their 
converts. Everything i.s done to excite and terrify the 
people so that they may seek to be converted. Preach- 
ers in old times have led mobs against the Latter-day 
Saints and driven them from their homes. Tliis camp 
meeting is a new plan ; they cannot very well raise a mob, but 
they hope by means of the camp meeting to seduce the Saints , 
particularly the young persons, from the truth, and break down 
the influence of the Priesthood. Tliey expect to commence their 
meetings to-day; but they will not likely get started until to- 
morrow the 11th. Li our next we shall give an account of theii- 
proceedings to our readers. 







AFTER the death of Jlohammed, his .successors pushed 
their conquests into the far east, determitied to spread their 
faith by the sword and to ujake the nations who did not adopt 
their religion jjay tribute to them. It was in the days of the 
caliph Oraar, a few years after jMohammed's death, that the 
capture of Persia was decided upon. Omar himself was desir- 
ous fif marching in person to carry the war into the heart of 
Persia; but his counselors objected to his doing .so, and per- 
.suaded him to send iu his place Saad, the son of Abu Wakkas. 
Tlii.s Saad was a zealous soldier of the faith, and had been a' 
favorite and confidential companion of Mohammed's. When he 
reached Persia he fl )und the Persian forces vastly .superior in 
numbers t<^) his, and he .sent expre.sses to (Jniar entreating re-en- 
forccments. The caliph promised them, but exhorted him in 
the meantime to doubt nothing; not to regard the imniber of 
the foe, but to think alway.s that ho was fighting under liis eye. 
He was instructed, however, before commencing hostilities, to 
.send a delegation to the King of Persia inviting him t<j embrace 
the faith. Saad .selected several of his most discreet and veteran 
officers and sent them on this mission. They found the King 
seated in state on a magnificent throne, supported on silver col- 
umns ; above it was a crown suspended by a golden chain to 
bear the immense weight of its jewels ; but contrived to ajjjjear 
as if it rested on the head of the king when he .sat down. The 
messengers were dressed in simple Arab style, and looked 
strangely out of place in that scene of grandeur. The king 
reproached them for coming t/j his countrj', and told them that 
if it Were not unworthy of a great king to put ambassadors to 



death, he would slay them. He commanded them to depart, 
and told them to take with them a portion of Persian soil which 
they craved. He caused sacks of earth to he bound on their 
shoulders, to be delivered by them to their chiefs as samples of 
the graves they would be sure to find if they came into his coun- 
try. As soon as they got out of the city these messengers put 
the sacks of earth on the backs of their camels and returned 
with them to Saad, son of Abu Wakkas. The Persian King had 
meant this to be a scornful taunt, but these old Arabs accepted 
it as a good omen. "Earth," said they to Saad when they 
returned, " is the emblem of empu-e ; as surely. Oh Saad, as we 
deliver thee these sacks of earth, so surely will Allah (or God) 
deliver over the empire of Persia into the hands of true 
believers." 

Had the Persians possessed proiier discipline they could 
easily have crushed the inferior number of the Arabs by their 
large masses of troops, but the Arabs were light aud hardy 
horsemen, dextrous with the bow and the lance, and skilled to 
wheel and retreat and to return agaui to the attack. The 
Persiaus were loaded down with costly armour ; their belts aud 
their girdles were studded with rich gems. But the Arabs 
were rudely clad and had nothing to encumber them. Poor 
Saad was not in fighting trim on the day of the battle ; he was 
afllicted with boils iu such a way that he could not sit on his 
horse with comfort. For four or five days the fighting con- 
tinued, until the Arabs finally conquered. Tlie booty captured 
on this occjjsion was inmiense, the sacred standard of Persia 
being among the sjioils. The .soldier who captured it was paid 
thirty thous;ind jiieces of gold, by Saad's command. 

To be a leader among the Arabs in tho.se days a man had to 
fight. In fact their leaders were chosen from thoise whohad 
distinguished themselves as warriors. Complaints were circu- 
lated among the troops that Saad had not mingled in the fight. 
To satisfy them that he had good reasons for not doing .so, he 
summoned several of the old men to his tent, and, stripping 
himself, showed them the boils by which he was so grievously 
afflicted. This examination perfectly satisfied them and the 
army. 

It seems that Saad during this campaign imbibed a taste for 
Persian splendor. He erected a very fine summer residence, 
and decorated it with a grand gat« which had been taken from 
the palace of the King of Persia. Omar heard of this, and the 
news displeased him. He was always afraid of his generals 
losmg the good old Arab simplicity of manners in the luxurious 
countries tliey were conquering. He immediately sent a trusty 
messenger, with the authority to give Saad a salutary rebuke. 
On arriving at the city where Saad was residing, this messenger 
caused a great quantity of wood to be put against the door of 
the summer residence, and set fire to it. Saad, of cour.se, was 
naturally astonished, and came forth amazed at .such an outrage. 
The n]es.senger then put into his hands the letter which Omar 
had sent to him. When Saad read the letter, he oifered no 
opjiosition to the burning of his palace; he looked on without a 
nmrmur while it was being consumed by the flames. lie even 
ottered the messenger ])resents, which the latt^^r, however, 
declined. Saad afterwards removed to a diff"erent part of the 
city and built a more modest mansion for himself. 

This was a very summary proceeding, and one that would 
have made many conquering generals very angry ; but Omar 
was a stern, unflinching man, and was determined, as far as he 
could, to check the growth oi' luxury and corruption among his 
]>eople. A better evidence of tlii^ immense influence he wielded, 
and the implicit obedience which was exiiected i'rom those 
under him cannot be given than the burning of this palace. 



An hour's industry will do more to jiroduce cheerfulness, 
suppress evil humors, and retrieve your attairs than a month's 
moaning. 



•^[ 



JTJ'V^EIsrilLiE] IIsrSTI5.TJOTOI?.. 



93 



THIE OITY OIF S'i:i?.JLSBO"Cr:E?.C3-. 



S' 



TRASBOUEG, 
besieged by tlie Prussians, made 



one of the cities of France, which, when 
a desperate defense, is 
princiijally famous fov its cathedral. The city sustained a 
vigorous bombardment, and surrendered on the 2Sth of last 
September. The engraving which we give this week repre- 
sents the city as it was seen during the bombardment when the 
place was part- 



it looks at it from below, can scarcely reach the top of it. It 
fills every one with continued wonder ; and the wonder does not 
cease with the frequent repetition of the sight. The view from 
the tower itself, which can be ascended to the height of two 
hundred and twenty-eight feet, is very extensive, embracing a 
large part of the valley of the Rhine. 



The a stro- 
nomical clock 
of this cathe- 
dral is very 
fiimous, and is 
vie w e d as a 
very wonderful 
piece of work. 
It was c o n- 
structed about 
the year 1370. 
It represents 
tlie motions of 
tlie globe, the 
g -lUn, and the 
f moon, in their 
1 egiilar circuit. 
The day of the 

- week, the cir- 

- de of the sun, 
~, the year of the 
^ world and of 

iiur Lord, the 
I quinoc t i a 1 s, 
^ the leap year, 
: the movabl e 
^ feasts and the 
Dominical let- 
ter, are clearly 
xhibited by 
this clock. The 
eclipses of the 
^un and moon, 
iiid the weekly 
motions of the 
Itlane t s, are 
ilso displa.ved. 
lus, on Sun- 
lay the suu is 
rawn nbout in 
lis chariot, and 
Ml drawn into 
UKither place 
that, before he 
isquite hidden, 
you have 3Ion- 
ila.V — th at is, 
tlic moon ap- 
pears full, and 
the horses of 
tiio chariot of 
Jhirs emerge — 
and the scene 

hist/jry of Gothic architecture, from its rise, through all its ] is thus varied on every day of the week. There is also a dial 
changes, to its decline. Thi; building is yet unfinished, only j for the niinut<}s of the hour, so that you can see every minute 
one of the great towers having reached its full height, and it j pass. Two images of children appear on each side, one witii a 



l.v in flame: 

But from the 

engrav i n g it Sgi 
would appear 
that the cathe- 5^ 
dral was near- 5g 
ly destro y e d, 'M:, 
which was not ri . 
the case. It !^" 
has not been ^i 
much injured R^ , 
by the bom- 
bar d m e n t . 
Oul.V here and 
there can one 
see that an 
image or deli- 
cate piece t)f' 
carved work 
has been 
knocked out of 
the steeple, or 
a hole been 
made in the 
painted glass. 
The great 
Cathedral is an 
important part 
of Strasbourg. 
Long be f o r e 
you roach the 
city, you can 
see its tower 
rise up to your 
view, and ap- 
parently the 
whole build- 
ing; for it is so 
high over the 
other build- 
ings that the 
tops of these 
seem to be 
only on a level 
with its base. 
The cathe- 
dral is a re- 
ma r k a b 1 e 
bui 1 d i n g in 
many respects. 
One can trace 
in it the whole 




not altijgether completed. The interior, with its great extent 
of surface and multitudes of columns, makes one think he is in 
a forest, rather than a single church. The tower (if this cathe- 
dral is the highest structure in Europe, being about five hun- 
dred English feet, or nearly one-tenth of a mile. The e.ve, as 



sceptre counting the hours. The motions of the i>lanets, the 
moon's rising ami falling and several other astronomical move- 
ments, are exhibited in this cluck. A largi! skeleton of Time, 
with his scythi', strikes the Imurs. An old man marches around 
oni' of the turrets at the coiii|ilction of every hour. At noon, 



1 






6^ 

I 



94 



J"TJ"V"BIsri3L.El IILTSTI^TJOTOK., 



•-^ 



after the angels aud Time have beaten the hour of twelve, the 
twelve Apostles march around a figure of Christ, which laj's its 
hands on each one of them. During this ceremony, a rooster 
on the top crows three times. This puppiitry attracts great 
crowds every day. 

An old German chi-onieler, speaking of this clock and its 
chimes, which played various tunes, says : "At Christmas, 
Easter, and Witsuntide, they sound a thanksgiving unto 
Christ ; and when this chime has done, the cock which stands 
on the top of the tower, on the nortli side of the main work, 
having stretched out his neck, shakes his comb and claps his 
wings twice, and this he does so shrilly and naturally as would 
make any man wonder." This celebrated clock was constructed 
by Dassipodius and Wolkinstenius, two famous working mathe- 
maticbns of the time. 

This city is now under the dominion of Prussia, it having 
been claimed by the latter power in the treaty of peace which 
was made between it and France. 



TT T 



S T O I?/ Y O IF 
O EC XJ K. G H. 
{Con/inued.} 



THE 



VrOVEMBER, 1S42, was a critical time in the life of Presi- 
il dent Brigham Young. He was attacked with a verj' severe 
sickness, and was at the point of death. On one occasion he 
was so near gone that he could not close his eyes, which were 
set in his head, his chin dropped down and his breath stoi)ped. 
His wife, seeing liLs situation, threw some cold water in his 
face ; that having no effect, she dashed a handful of strong cam- 
phor into his face and eyes, which he neither felt in the least 
nor caused a mu.scle to move. She then held his nostrils 
between her thumb and finger, and placing her mouth directly 
over his, blew into his lungs until she filled them with air. 
This .set his lungs in motion, and he again began to breathe. 
While this was going on lie was perfectly conscious of all that 
was passing around him ; his spirit was as keenly alive as it 
ever had been ; but he had no feeling in his body. He was 
not able to go out of his house until the 18th of the next Jan- 
uary. It was not the will of the Lord that lie should pass 
away then, for his work was not finLshed. 

On the fcillowing 7th of July, he .starte'd in company with 
several of the Twelve Aiwstles and other Elders on a mi.ssion 
to the Eastern States. This mission was productive of great 
gfjod. 'SJ'hile on his way East ] 'resident Young had a remark- 
able conversation, on the stcamlx)at between St. Louis and Cin- 
cinnati, with a 1'rofe.ssor of a Southern University. It was upon 
a subject rarely touched upon in those days, for but very few 
knew anything about it. The conversation was so interesting 
that we venture to repeat it, feeling assured that it will be 
instructive to our young rei Icrs. The I'rofos.sor .said to Presi- 
dent Young : 

" 'I have heard and read much of your people, and of Joseph 
Smith, but I have no confidence in newspaper stories, and if 
it would be agreeable, I Would like to ask a few questions.' I 
told him 1 would answer any questions he might propose, so &r 
as I was able. 

"He th^Mi asked me if Jo.seph Smith had more wives than 
one. I told him I would adnjit he had. In order to explain 
the principle, I asked the gentleman if he believed the Bible, 
and Was a believer in the resurrection. lie said he was a be- 
liever in the Old and New Testament and in the resurrection. 

"1 then a.sked him if he believed parents and children, hus- 
bands and wives would recognize each other in the resurrection. 
He said ho did. 

"^y.w, if parents and children would have the same filial feel- 
ing towards each other which they have here • and he said he 



believed they would, and that their affections would be more 
acute thau they were in this life. 

"I then said, 'We see in this life, that amongst Christians 
ministers and all the classes of men, a man will marry a wife 
and have children by her ; she dies, and he marries another 
and then another, until men have had as many as six wives, 
and each of them bear children. This is considered all right 
by the Christian world, inasmuch as a man has but one at a 
time. 

" 'Now, in the resurrection this man and all his wives and 
children are raised from the dead ; what will be done with 
those women and children, aud who will they belong to? and if 
the man is to have but one, which one in the lot shall he 
have?' 

"The Professor replied, lie never thought of the question in 
this light before, and said he did not believe those women aud 
children would belong to any but those they belonged to in this 
life. 

" 'Very well,' said I, 'you con.sider that to be a pure, holy 
place in the presence of God, angels, and celestiid beings ; would 
the Lord permit a thing to exist in his presence in heaven 
which is evil ? And if it is right for a man to have several 
wives and children in heaven at the same time, is it an incon- 
sistent doctrine that a man should have several wives, and chil- 
dren by those wives at the .same time, here in this life, as was 
the ease with Abraham and many of the old Prophets ? Or is 
it any more sinful to have several wives at a time than at differ- 
ent times ?' 

"He answered, 'I cannot see that it would be any more in- 
consistent to have more wives in this life than in the next, or 
to have five wives at one time than at five different times. I 
feel to acknowledge it is a correct principle and a Bible doctrine', 
and I cannot see anything inconsistent in it.' " 

As they returned, incidents occurred, in which .some sectarian 
priests were the chief actors, of such a character that we cannot 
forbear giving the description of them in President Young's 
own language : 

"We left Philadelphia for Nauvoo by way of Pittsburg, by 
ciinal and railway. While on the canal bciat, which was crowd- 
ed with well-behaved passengers, I was attacked by a Camji- 
bellite preacher, who was very anxious for a debate, and at the 
ri^quest of the jtassengers I delivered an address on the princi- 
ples of our religion, which was very .satisfactory to them, but 
discomfited the Camj)bellite preacher so much that he would 
not reply. In the evening a gang of about a dozen Bajitist 
ministers came on board, returning to Pittsburg fixnu a Con- 
ference. The Canii)bellite preacher told them there were 
'Mormons' on board ; they immediately surrounded brother 
Geo. A. Smith, and challenged him to debate, which he declined 
on the ground that it was not a proper place to discuss on reli- 
gious subjects. They accused him of pretending to have the 
truth and not being willing to jireach it to them. He ])roposed 
to preach in their churches in I'itt.sburg any time they would 
open them, to which they would not consent. He then told 
them he considered that they not only refu.sed to hear the truth 
themselves, but shut the gate against their congregations, like 
the Scribes and Phari.sees in the days of Jesus. They com- 
menced a tirade of abuse against him, half a dozen talking at 
once, and making use of every foul epithet their clerical learn- 
ing had jiut them in jKisscssion of, and so crowded round liini 
that he was prcvcnt<;d from going to sujjpcr, they having taken 
theirs before coming on board. AfteT supjicr, brother Kimball 
went to George A's assistance, and told tlieni that he had been 
a Baptist him.self three weeks, but when he was a Baptist, 
Baptist ministers were gentlemen. Brother Kimball made sev- 
eral quotations, knowing they were not from the Scriptures. The 
ministers would frequently interrupt him and say, — 'That quo- 
tation is not in the Bible.' Brother Kimball frequently turn(;d 
to brother George A. and said, — 'Will you find that passage?' 



t^ 



J TJ "V E IsT I L E IIsrSTie.TJOTOE/. 



■^g^l 



95 



He opened his Bible as if to search, when the ministers all 
remembered the passages. I came up and inquired what was 
the meaning of this loud talk. The ministers answered that 
they had challenged the 'Mormons' to debate, but they would 
not debate with them ; they understood there had been gamb- 
ling on the boat, and they wished to banish such wickedness. I 
told them if there had been gambling, the gamblers had minded 
their own business and behaved like gentlemen, for there had 
been no disorder on board, since starting from PhOadelphia, 
except what was made by a tip-o-tail of a Campbellite minister; 
and if they pretended to be ministers of the Gospel of Jesus 
Christ, their conduct belied their profession, for they had abused 
Elder Smith ridiculously for an hour, and prevented him from 
getting his supper by blocking up the door, whOe he had sub- 
mitted to their abuse with commendable patience ; upon which 
the passengers told the captain, if he did not stop that gang of 
Baptist preachers from insulting the 'Mormon' Elders, who 
had shown themselves gentlemen all the way, they would put 
them in the canal. The captain then dispersed them." 
President Young reached Nauvoo on the 22nd Oct., ISio. 

[ To be continued.} 



LET OTJT OIF TDJ^2sra-E!I?>. 






WHO is this ? A careless little midshipman, idling about in 
a great city, with his pockets full of money. He is wait- 
ing for the coach ; it comes up presently. And he goes on the 
top of it, and begins to look around him. 

They soon leave the chimney tops behind them; his eyes 
wander with delight over the harvest fields; he smells the 
honey-suckle in the hedge-row, and he wishes he was down 
among the hazel bushes, that he might strip them of their 
mUky nuts ; then he sees a great wain pOed with barley, and ho 
wishes he was on the top of it ; then the checkered shadows of 
the trees lying across the white road, and then a squirrel runs 
up a bough, and he cannot forbear to whoop and halloo, though 
he cannot chase it to its nest. 

The other passengers were delighted with his simplicity and 
child-like glee ; and they encouraged him to talk about the sea 
and ships, especially her Majesty's, wherein he has the honor 
to sail. In the jargon of the .seas he describes her many per- 
fections and enlarges upon her peculiar advantages ; he then 
confides to them how a certain midd.y, having been ordered to 
the masthead as a punishment, had seen, while sitting on the 
top-mast crosstree, something uncommonly like the sea serpent 
— but finding this hint received with incredulous smiles, he 
begins to tell them how he hopes that some day he shall be pro- 
moted to have charge of the poop. The passengers hope that 
he will have that honor ; they have no doubt that he deserves 
it. His cheeks blush with pleasure as he hears them say so, 
and ho little thinks that they have no notion in what "that 
honor" may happen to consist. 

The cfiach stops; the niidshipniaii, with his hands in his 
pockets, sits rattling his money and singing. There is a poor 
wonjan st<inding by the door of the village inn ; she looks care- 
worn, and well she niay, for in the spring her husband went up 
to London to .s(!ek for work. He goes for work, and she was 
expecting soon to join him there, whcii, alas ! a fellow-work- 
man wrote her word how he had met with an accident, how he 
was very bad, and wanted his wife to come and nurse him. 
But as she has two children, and is d<'stitut<', she must walk all 
the way, and she is sick at heart when slie thinks that perhaps 
he may die among strangers befm^ she can reai-h liini. 

f^he docs not think of beg^'ing, but seeing the boy's eyes 
attracted to her, she makes a wiurtesy, and he withdraws his 
hand and throws her down a sovereign. .She looks at it with 
incredulous joy, and tlicn she looks at him. 



l^^^^ 



"It's all right," he says, and the coach starts again, while 
full of gratitude she hires a cart to take her across the country 
to the railway, that the next night she may sit by the bedside 
of her sick husband. 

The midshipman knows nothing about that — and he never 
will know. 

The passengers go on talking — the little midshipman has told 
them who he is, and where he is going. But there is one who 
has never joined in the conversation ; he is a dark-looking and 
restless man — he sits apart, he sees the glitter of the falling 
coin, and now he watches the boy more closely than before. 

He is a strong man, resolute and determined ; the boy with 
his pockets full of money wOl be no match for him. He has 
told the others that his father's house is the parsonage at 

Y , the coach goes within five miles of it, and he means to 

get out at the nearest point and walk, or rather run over to his 
home through the great wood. 

The man decides to get down, too, and go through the wood ; 
he wOl rob the little mid.shipman ; perhaps, if he cries out and 
struggles, he will do worse. The boy, he thinks, wUl have no 
chance against him ; it is quite impossible that he can esc^ipe ; 
the way is lonely, and the sun wOl be down. 

No. There seemed, indeed, little chance of his escape ; the 
half-fledged bird just fluttering down from his nest has no more 
chance against the keen-eyed hawk, than the little light-hearted 
sailor boy will have against him. 

And now they reach the vOlage where the boy is to alight. 
He wishes the other passengers "Good evening!" and runs 
lightly down between the scattered houses. The man has also 
got down and is following. 

The path lies through the vUlage churchyard ; there is even- 
ing service, and the door is wide open, for it is warm. The lit- 
tle midshipman steals up the porch, looks in and listens. Tlic 
clergyman has just risen from his knees, in the pulpit, and is 
giving out his text. Thirteen months have passed since the boy 
was in a house of prayer, and a feeling of pleasure induced him 
to stand still and listen. 

He hears the opening sentence of the .sermnn ; anil then he 
remembers his home, and comes softly out of the porch, full of 
a calm and serious pleasure. The clergyman has reminded him 
of his father, and his careless heart is filled with the echoes of 
his voice and of his prayers. He thinks of what the clergyman 
said of the care of our Heavenly Father for us ; he remembers 
how, when he left home, his flither prayed that he might be 
preserved through every danger ; he does not remember any 
particular danger that he has been exposed to, excepting in the 
great storm ; but he is grateful he has come home in safety, 
and he hopes whenever he shall be in danger, as he sup- 
poses he shall be some day, he hojies that then the pn)vidcnce 
of GJod will watch over him and protect hiui. And so he 
presses onward to the entrance of the wofid. 

"Are not two sparrows," he hoars, "sold for a farthing? 
and one shall not fall to the gnumd without your Father's 
notice. But the hairs of your head ai-e numbered. Fear not, 
therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows." 

The man is there before him. He has pushed into the 
thicket and cut a heavy staki; ; he suft'ers the boy to go on 
before, and then he comes out, falls into the path and fiillows 
him. It is too light at present for his deed of darkness, and 
too near the entrance of the wood, but he knows that shortly 
the path will bi-anch off into two, and the right (iiie fur the hoy 
to take will he dark and lonely. 

But what pronijits the little midshipman, when not lifty rods 
from the branching ot'the ]iath, tn l)re:ik iiitii a sudden run? It 
is not fear — he never dreams of'danger. Somi- suddi'ii impulse, 
or .some wild wish for home makes him d;isli ofl' suddenly after 
his saunter, with a whoop and houml. On he goes as if run- 
ning a race ; the path bends, and the man loses sight of him. 

"But I shall have him yet," he thinks ; "lie i annot keep up 







96 



cr TJ "V^ E n:sr I L E iitsti^tjctoi?,. 



the pace long." The boy has nearly reached the place where 
the path divideSj ■when he starts up a white owl that can scarce- 
ly fly, as he goes whirliog along close to the ground before 
him. He gains upon it ; another moment and it will be his. 
Now he gets the start again ; they come to the branching of the 
paths, and the bird goes down the wrong one. The tempta- 
tion to follow it is too strong to be resisted ; he knows that 
somewhere, deep in the wood, there is a cross track, by which 
he can get in the track he has just left ; it is only to run a little 
faster, and he shall be home nearly as soon. 

On he rushes; the path takes a bend, and he is .just out of 
sight, when his pursuer comes where the paths divide. The 
boy has turned to the right — the man takes to the left, and the 
iaster they both run the ftirther they are asunder. 

The white owl still leads him on ; the jxith gets darker and 
narrower ; at last he finds that he has missed it altogether, and 
his feet are on the soft ground. He flounders about among the 
trees and stumps, vexed with himself and panting over his 
race. At last he hits upon another track, and pushes on as fast 
as he can. The ground begins sensibly a descent ; he has lost 
his wa.v — but he keeps bearing to the left, and though it is now 
dark, he thinks he must reach the main path sooner or 
later. 

He does not know this part of the wood, but runs on. 
little midshipman ! why did you chase that owl? If you had 
kept the path with the dark man behind you, there was a 
chance that you might outrun him ; or if he had overtaken you, 
some passing wayfarer might have heard your cries and come 
to save you. Now you are running straight on to your death, 
for the forest water is deep and black at the bottom of the hill. 
Oh, that the moon might come out and show it to you ! 

The moon is under a thick canopy of heavy, black clouds, 
and there is not a star to glitter on the water and make it visi- 
ble. The fern is soft under his feet as he runs and slips down 
the sloping hill. At last he strikes against a stone, stumbles 
and falls. Two minutes more and he will fall into the black 
water. Selected. 

[To be continued.} 



TK.TJE IPIETY. 



To Vic the thing we seem, 
To do the thmg wc deem 

Enjoined l>y duty: 
Tu walk in faith, not drcuni 
Of questioning (Jod's scheme 

Of truth and txauty. 

Caetlng self-love aside, 
Dlsearding human pride. 

Our hearts toraeaeure; 
In humhle hope to l^ide, 
Kach change in fortune's tide, 

In God's own pleasure. 

To trust, although deceived ; 
Tell truth, though not l)cli<rred ; 

Falsehood distainlng; 
Patient of ills received ; 
To pardon when atrrievcd ; 

Passion rcRlroliiing. 

With love no wrong cm chill. 
To save, unwearied still. 

The weak from fallinf; : 
This 1b to do God's will 
On earth, and thus fullill 

Our heavenly calling. 



Selected. 



IT is easy to look down on others; to look down on ounsth c-; 
is th(4 difficijty. 



'^^^ 



Hgittal f odtjy. 



th: e 



vJTJV'EIsrilljE 
STIE^/TJOTO K.. 



13^ 



The young folks hero hi Dcscrct 
Our settlements arc liUmg; 
Thc3' ttrc, indeed, a happy sot. 
And most of them are willing 
To listen to instruction's voice, 
And profit hy good teaching , 
In fact, it seems to he their choice. 
For knowledge to lie reaching. 

CHORUS 

To help to make them good and wise. 
We have a truth-conductor, 
Which all the Saints should patronize — 
"The Juvenile Instructor !" 

'Tis truly said "Boys will be Boys," 
They're full of ]>ranks and joldng; 
They're lioist'rous, restless, fond of uoisc, 
And do things most provoking ; 
Tet, after all when duly reined, 
Bj- kind, judicious measures. 
And in the Gospel rightly trained. 
They arc our greatest treasures. 

"Girls will be Girls" is also said 
With quite as much of reason ; 
And they, likewise, with ease are led 
By loving words in season. 
Of course, thej- need a mother's care, 
A father's kind attention, — 
Then tliey become a blessing rare. 
Of worth beyond all mention. 

The children of the Saints should be 
Good patterns for their ncighliors : 
Devoid of all hypocris.Vf ■■ ', 
Industrious in their laliors; V- 
in morals pure, and virtnous'quite, 
In learning not deficient, 
In manners modestly polite. 
In godliness proficient. 

To bring about what we desire. 

The rismg generation, 

Besides our constant love, require 

A liberal education, 

Tliat they may all be well prepared 

For duties which await them ; 

Then let no means or pains be spared. 

Which t«nd to elevate them. 

ITenrt Maiden. 



ENDEAVOR always to learn something frona the convcrsji- 
tion of the company you arc in, and draw out such conversation 
as will instruct you. 



THE ability to say "no" in life is so valuali] 
truly called the safe side of one's character. 



that it might be 



Is pulilished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

ainyle (Joi>>/, per Annum 1^2 50. 

/Single Copy, for (Ox Months 1 50. 

KW- Orain hronicht to this City for the .Tijvknilk Instructor will be 
received at the olfico of our paper — I.)i'„<r,Ki:r Nicws Buii.orN'^iM. 




