I^Ihuss t0 t\t %ax)i\ 





VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JANUAEY 21, 1871. 



NO. 2. 



GOJ^Xj nVEIlTES-JL TH:"E?.I31jXjI1:TC3- ^ID"^EI<rTXJK.E. 






UPWARDS of one hundred and four millions five hun- 
dred thousand tons of coal are dug out of the bowels of 
the earth in England every year. An immense quantity 
for so small an island as England is to yield. We do not 
know how much coal is dug every year in the United 
States ; but the quantity is large, and, as new coal beds 
are being discovered, it is increasing. Some of the Eng- 
lish coal pits are very extensive. We read of one a short 
time since at which about 1,100 persons were employed, 
and out of which 1,600 tons of coal were raised every day. 
The principal vein 
of coal in that pit 
was 1,700 feet be- 
low the surface, 
and it was about 
four feet, Ave in- 
ches in thickness. 

In our illustra- 
tion we see a por- 
tion of the work 
which is perform- 
ed in a coal mine: 
A young man is 
I)ushing a wagon 
whicli runs on iron 
rails and is loadcil 
with coal, from 
tlie place where it 
has been dug to 
the place where it 
can be drawn up 
to the mouth of 
the pit. S o m e - 
times tliesc wagons 
are pushed or pull- 
ed by two boys, 
and sometimes ponies are used for this service. It is a 
life of toil and danger working in coal pits, and many ac- 
cidents happen to men and boys. Working down so far 
in tlie bowels of the cartli cannot be plea.sant ; but then 
those who follow this business are generally brought up 
to it from childhood. We have heard of children who 
have worked fourteen hours a day down in these mines. 

There are many dangers to which those who work 
down in a coal mine are continually exposed. 

There is, for instance, some danger in descending into 
the mine, and in coming up out of it; for if the long rope 
or the chain should break, or tlie machinery go wrong, 




;.s«i;iJ 



the result would be instant death to the poor miner. But 
these accidents do not often happen. The greatest dan- 
gers are in the mine itself. 

One of these arises from what is called choke-damp. 
This is foul air or gas, which sufToeates any one who 
breathes it ; and then death instantly follows. All coal- 
mines are more or less liable to this destructive gas, and 
the way in which this danger is partly prevented is by 
forcing a large supply of fresh air constantly into the 
mines, and causing it to circulate there, so as to drive 

befo re it these 
deadly vapors, and 
enable the miners 
to breathe purer 
air from the upper 
world than could 
otherwise ever be 
found "down in a 
mine." 

Another danger 
arises from what 
IS called fire-damp, 
which is a kind of 
S\ gas that takes fire 
when a flame ap- 
I'oaches it, and 
explodes like gun- 
])o w de r. Very 
many dreadful ac- 
cidents have been 
caused by this gas, 
md hundreds of 
ives have been 
lost in these ex- 
plosions. There is 
indeed such con- 
stant danger from this source, that it is forbidden to carry 
a candle with its flame exposed into the workings ; and 
the miners use a lamp enclosed in a lantern of rtne wire 
gauze, through which the flamn does not ])enetrate. This 
kind of light is called a Davy lamp, from the name of Sir 
Humphrey Davy, the person who inventeil it, and many 
lives have been saved by its use. lUit altlinugh the danger 
has been much lessened since these lami)s were introduced 
into coal-pits, it is not entirely removed. 

Another danger to which the miners are exjiosed is 
from floods of water. Home coal-pits are more liable to 
this danger than others. The young reader will under- 




liiifil 



«'?? 



,fi»'i 




»" 



^^ 



?w 



lO 



0" TJ ^ E IsT I Xj El I2srSTI2.TJCTOie. 



i 



stand how aecideuts of this nature happen, if lie will bear 
in mind that the uarth beneath us has water springs, and 
tliat these must sometimes be cut through ia digging for 
coal. Then of coui-se tlie water bursts out, and pours into 
the mine. This is in general got rid of by keeping power- 
ful pumps eoiistantly at work; but if anything haj)pens 
so tliat these pumps get out of order, or from any cause 
cease drawing the water away, it rapidly increases until 
the galleries and passages and workings are lllled up with 
It. There are also many eoal-uiiiies whicli have for some 
rea.son or other, been deserted; and these, in process of 
time, become tilled with water, and sometimes this water 
makes a p:issage for it.self to a coul pit In full work, and 
all at once it rushes in in an overwhelming flood, curry- 
ing every thing before it, an<l drowning all the poor 
minci-s who are unhappily at work, before any means can 
be taken for their rescue. 

The following remarkable incident of this kind occurred 
in the early life of Bishop Henry Hughes, of Mendon, 
Cache Co., and was related to a friend of ours by himself 
not long since; our friend has written it nearly in his 
own words: 

"In my boyhood I lived with my parents in a place 
called Mold, Flintshire, North Wales. Like nearly all 
other boys in the colliery districts of England, Scotland 
and Wales, I was i)ut to work in the pits at the age of 
nine years, and, as nearly all my time was spent uiuler- 
ground, it was but seldom I had the i)rivilege of seeing 
the light of day. In is,!7, at which time I was eleven 
years of age, I was employed in the Argoyd colliery, 
aliout twii nules distant from Mold. On the !»th day of 
.May, in that year, tliirty-two souls, men and boys, in- 
cluding myself, descended the shaft, wliich was seventy 
yanis deej), to woik. Thi're was an old deserted pit close 
to the one where wc worked, which, sixty-tive years he- 
fore, had suddeidy tilled with water. Wome of the men 
had been warned not to work too near to the old pit for 
fear the water should break through ami flood the one 
\Vhere we were at work. At about eight o'clock on the 
morning of the above day the men and boys were called 
out, as the water had begun to break through from tli'' 
i>hl j>it and was coming in on ns. When, however, wc 
got to the sliaft to be hoisted uji, a man named .lohn 
Owens told us to go back, as there was no danger, so we 
nturned and resumed work. In two hours afterwards the 
water rushed in in sui-h ipiantity and forc'c that seven of 
onr number were drowned, and the rest of us, with the 
exception of two, ruxlicd to a position in the highest jiart 
of what is called the air course, twenty-two of us all hud- 
dled together without any way of escape, with no air to 
iireathe an<t nothing to eat. Death seemed to stare us in 
Ihe face. In a short time our light.s went out for want of 
air, and, to add to the horrors of Ihe situation, we were 
li'ft in total darkness. Never shall I forget the fearful 
picture of human despair which was prcsentetl by a 
youriit nian named William Habbute. Wlien he realized 
his awful -ituation he utt<red shrieks of agony; he called 
over the nami'5< of his young wife and Ids liltle children, 
and pliinircil bis hamls into his hair and tore il from his 
bead in handfiills. Some sat silent ami gliMiniy, speaking 
noi a word, apparently awaiting the visit of the grim 
nir.iir<ter death; others wepl, an>l I notlceit two, who were 
large corpulent men, named respei-llvely Thomas Jones 
and William Williams, they went a few feet aside from 
the others and prayed. These two last died in a few hours 
afterward-. To ailil to the horror of our ))osition the mud 
was alM)ut six inelu-s deep where we were. Among our 
nundjerwasa young nutn named Jonathan Jones, who 
bad always manifested great interest and allectlon for me. 
This allei'tion renuiine<l with him till death, as will be 



seen by the following incident. In order to keep me out 

of the mud, he took mo in his arms and laid me across 
his lap. In this position I went to sleep, and when I 
awoke my dear friend wa.s dead. The breathing of the 
gas, which had gathered in the place where wo were im- 
prisoned, caused a kind of stupor to come over us, and it 
wa-s well that it was so, else we might have been tempted 
to drink some of the sulphuric water with which the pit 
was hooded, which would have proved certain death. As 
it was our minds were so deranged that, although sufler- 
ing with burning thirst, we did not know enough to go 
ami drink it. 

''We remained in this terrilile condition for three days 
and two nights, ihning wli'ch time twelve of our num- 
ber died. A portion of the time I lay on four deail bodies. 
The people outside meanwhile had not been idle; they 
had been doing all in their power to rescue us by empty- 
ing the pit of water as fast as possible. On the third day 
relief arrived. The first per.son who came to us was my 
brother John Hughes, who w;is theji a young man. The 
lirst man he reached was John Candrick, and the lirst 
words he said to him were, 'is Henry alive?' Candrick 
answered, ' ]fc was a short time since.' My brother John 
continued to crawl over the bodies of my fellow-workmen, 
shaking them as he went to see whether they were alive, 
till he got to myself, lie shook mo and called me by 
name, and I answered by making a mournful, wailing 
noise. He took me in his arms, and, as the water was 
oidy about a foot from tlie roof, he got ou his back and 
paddled himself along, holding me ;diove water till we 
got to the shaft. Those of us who were alive were taken 
up a short distance at a time, if we had been taken too 
suddenly into fresh air, it might have caused instant 
death. After we were taken up, we were carefully nursed 
and feJ sparingly until our strength relurned. I wiis 
among (he lirst to recover, 'ihe incident caused great ex- 
citement all over that i)art of the country. There was a 
great fair being held at .Mold on the lutli of May when 
we were being taken out of the jiit, and all the pco|ile left 
the fair so tliat it was comi)letely deserted, and came to 
see us, aiul when we reai^hetl tlie toj) of the shaft the 
a.ssenibled crowds rent the air with deafening cheers, and 
many of the peoi)le wept for joy. Two men who were in 
another part of the pit weie found dead a few days after 
we wi-re taken out. 

"During all the time I was imprisoned in the pit I had 
no fear of death, and, in fact, an idea of it never eidered 
my mind. I often feel grateful to God that my life was 
s|)are<l, .so that I have lived to hear and obey the gospel of 
Jesus Christ." 

• *^ _^-^ ^ 

Ik your life has been so ineproachable ;is to leave your 
enemy no opiiortunily for <letraelion without inventiug a 
calumny against you, consider what a comfort it is that 
malice can not liurt you without the aid of falsehood; and 
where this is the case, you may trust to the genuine fair- 
ness of your character to clear itself in the end. — i^'iivclod. 



\'(>K Tin; Ho^s.— A cerlam man who is very rich now, 
was Very |)o;ir when he was a boy. When asked how he 
got bis riches, he said, "My father taught nie never to 
|)lay till my work was liiiisiieil, and never to spend money 
till 1 had earned il. If I had but an hour's work in the 
ilay I must do that lirst thing, and in an hour. And 
after this I wiis albiwed to play; and then I could play 
with more iilcasure than if I had the thought of an un- 
linished task before my mind. I early formed the habit 
of doing every thing in time, and it soon became easy to 
do .so. It is to this 1 owe my piosperity." 



iH 



^ 






^^' 



J"TJ"V"En^II-.E IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI?/. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






C3-iLiDiisrc3-.-nsro. i. 



"rpER-CHLORIDE of Gold" (Au. 3 CD Is formed from 
i nitro-muriatic acid, solutions of that metal when 
iron is brought into solution with it. As soon as our ex- 
cellent Type Foundry shall have made a suitable set of 
chemical characters, we can express in more suitable and 
more simple language, as well as more concisely, the 
exact changes that take place in this re-action. 

When gold is brought into ter-chloride, it is so finely 
divided that it can be handled in a wonderful manner. 
What the size of the particles may be it is impossible to 
say, the expression used frequently and earnestly in child- 
hood would perhaps be nearest the truth: "as small as 
small could be." 

In this state the gold is pure, and by dissolving it in its 
proper menstruum (aqua regia) and saturating linen rags 
with the solution, on drying, burning, and applying the 
powder formed to the clean surfaces of polished brass or 
copper, the surface is covered with gold. This is done 
with friction, a cork being used for the purpose; and, to 
secure the gold thus evenly applied, it is rubbed in as a 
paste made with salt and water. Tliis process is "cold- 
gilding," in practice a little pure copper is dissolved with 
the gold (1 part Cu to 5 parts Au.) one part copper to 5 of 
gold. 

Now this Is chemical gilding, and entirely different to 
the mode where any glutinous substance is used to cause 
the gold to stick to the surface, that is inrchanical gilding. 
And it is diflereut to the process often called "washed 
with gold," where articles are suspended on wires in a 
"bath" containing gilding liquid, which also is a chemi- 
cal process. 

But it is in the gilding of articles of domestic utility 
that our chemical knowledge may be made practically 
valuable. Articles may be readily gilded by immersing 
them in a solution of gold (ter-chloride). Especially may 
our ladies become experts in this branch of chemistry; 
silks, satins, woollens, and even artistic works may be 
thus embellished. One part of the ter-chloride dissolved 
in three or four parts of pure water is the proportion. 
Pure water, jjiirc nitric aeii\,j)ure hydrochloric aciil,pi«'e 
sulphuric acid must be insisted on in purchasing these 
things; or, you will not get them pare. 

Now, then, suppose we want to gild something, say a 
ribbon. Paint the design on the right side with a very 
fine camel-hair pencil; "now to develop it," as Brother 
Savage would say. Get a bottle with a wide mouth, or a 
jar of a suitable size; into the vessel put some zinc cut- 
tings, procurable at the tinmen's shops. Pour over the 
cuttings, say I oz. by weight, one ounce of sulphuric acid 
diluteil with three or four ounces of water. In operating 
in a small way a very small llask will sutliee, by dilution 
the chemical action can be diminished, by adding more 
acid the action can be iuteusilied. Any way hydrogen is 
evolved; to make gas for general purposes the ratio 
most convenient is one of metal to two of acid, hj/ ii'cighl, 
diluted with (Ive or six parts of water, then the hydrogen 
will ascend through the water in abundance. 

Buppose the artist has painted on the design, hold it 
over the stream of hydrogen issuing from the vessel. The 





painted flowers, &e., in a few minutes will shine with all 
the splendor of the finest gold ! What is the chemical re- 
action? Au 3 CI plus H, becomes Au minus the three 
atoms of chlorine, that have united to three atoms of 
hydrogen, forming hydrochloric acid, 
been eliminated from the equation: 
equal 3 (H CI) plus Au. 



Aurum (gold) has 
Au 3 CI plus 3H 



Beth. 



S^I^Cl^J $0dP|i. 



j^'^.OJji<TJD TTiE h:e^i?.ti3:. 



Whatever be our earthly lot, 

Wherever we may roam, 
Still to our hearts the brightest spot 

Is round the hearth at home; 
The home where we received our birth, 

The hearth by which we sat, 
No otlier spot on all the earth, 

Will ever be like that. 

When Winter, coining in its wrath, 

Piled high the drifting suow, 
Safe clustered round the cheerful hearth 

We catch the firelight glow; 
Nor brighter seemed the ruddy flames 

Than did our hearts, the while 
A loving mother tireathed our cauiea. 

With sweet approving sinilf. 

When weary with our eager chase 

Through many a tangled path, 
How sweet the dear accustomed place. 

To talk around the hearth; 
And still, when by our toil and care 

We feel ourselves oppressed, 
Our thoughts forever cluster there, 

And there alone find rest. 

Bright promise of the rest above, 

Sweet shelter from the stoiiii; 
Home hallowed by a mother's love, 

Hearth by that love made warm. 
Though widely roared the storm without, 

What recked we of the cold; 
What place for any fear or doubt, 

Within the loving (old? 

And when some little trouble weighed, 

tjpon the childish heart; 
Till from the brimming eyes it made, 

The gushing tear drops start. 
How quick before the genial glow, 

We tVel each sorrow cease; 
And back the crystal current lluw. 

To flood our hearts with peace. 

And brighter with the passing years, 

Seems childhood's sweet employ; 
And even sweeter still ajipears. 

Each well remembered joy. 
Around the cheerlul hearth at home. 

Where we in childhood sat; 
No otlier spot where'er we roam, 

Will ever be like that. 




1^^ IS 



J" T7 AT E ISr 1 1-. E! IlSrSTI^TJOTOie/. 



j^^ 



4 




CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1871. 

EIDITOI?.!^!-. THZOTJO-HITS- 




N i-ontra.st with tlic chilJrcu who moekcJ 
Elisha, ami concerning wliose fiite wc 
wrote in tlie last niuubor of the last vol- 
ume, was that of the little captive maid, 
taken jirisonor by the Syrians, and made a 
sen-ant to the wile of JS'aaman, the cap- 
tain of the hosts of the king of Syria. 
This little girl, we are sure, had no disposi- 
tion to ever mock Elisha, for she seemed to 
lave knowledge that he was a man of God. 
Xaaman was a great warrior, but he was a 
leper ; that is, he had the k'lirosy. This is a 
feari'ul disease, and one that was rather com- 
mon in those days. This little maid told her 
mistress that she wished her master was with 
the prophet Elisha at Samaria; for he could heal 
him of his leprosy. By this you sec that .she was 
a girl of great faith, and liad couBdeuce in God's 
l)0wer to heal the sick through the means which 
he lias ajipointed ; and, though a little girl, her words had 
weight. They were told to Naaman, and they made an im- 
jiression upon him. They were also told to the king, and he 
told Xaaman to get ready and go to the king of Israel, and he 
would send a letter by him to that monarch. So Naaman 
started, and he took with him gold and silver in abundance 
and fine clothing. 

Now, the king of Syria did not seem to have a very clear 
idea about the relationship of the prophet to the king of 
Israel ; for he wrote in his lettor to the latter that he had .sent 
N:uiman, his servant, to him that he might heal him of his 
leprosy. This wa.s a startling re(iuest of the king of Israel, 
and when he read it, he tore his clothes and exclaimed: 

"Am I (joil, to kill and to make alive, that this man ilotli 
send uiili) mo to heal a man of his leprosy?" 

Ill' appealed to those who were around him to notice how 

the king of .'^yria was seeking a (juarrel with him. I'llisha 

licard of the trans;ictioii, and he sent word to the king to send 

Naaman down to him, and he should know that there was a 

jirojiliet in Israel. So the Syrian captain drove down in his 

chariot to the house of Elisha and stood outside. Elisha sent 

a mc.s.scngcr out telling him to 

"<io and v;»»U in .Ionian .seven times, and tliy IKsli sliall 
come again to ihee, and lliou shall lie clodu." 

This mos.sage made Naaman very angry, lie was an ini- 
Jiortant personage, and had brought an important hotter to the 
king of the land from his master, who was his con(pieror; but 
here was a jirophct, a man who held no office in the nation, 
sending him a mes.s;igc to "go and wash in Jordan seven 
times." ile felt that it was beneath his dignity. He thought 
that the proithct would at Icxst C4jme out U) him and stand 
and call on the name of the Li(rd his Gnd, and strike his hand 
over the place and heal him. Then besides, what was the 
river Jordan.' They liail two rivers at I>ama.s<;us, where he 
came from, .Vbana and I'liarpar, they, according to his view, 
were better than all the waters of Israel ; why not wash in 
them and ]jc uleau? So he luurchcd off in a rage. Rut his 



servants, seemed to be very sensible men. They approached 
liim and remarked if the prophet had told liim to do some 
great thing " wouldst thou not have done it," and "how much 
easier then when he saith to thee 'wa.sh and be clean.' " These 
remarks seemed to bring the great captain to his senses. He 
went to Jordan, dipped himself seven times in the stream, 
according to the counsel he had received from the man of God, 
and he was healed. Ho was a thoroughly converted man ; 
not only was his flesh healed, but his eyes were opened, and 
he went back to the jirophet with all his company, and bore 
testimony to him: "Behold," said he, "now I know that 
there is no God in all the earth but in Israel ;" and he wanted 
to make a grand ])rescnt to Elisha for what he had done, and 
urged him to take it, but Elisha would not accept anything 
from him. 

Elisha had a servant, however, whose name was Gohazi, 
who thought he might as well get some of the Syrian's money. 
This Syrian captain was an enemy of Israel, a man who had 
fought against that nation, and why not take some of his 
means? Probably he thought his master, the jirophet, foolish 
for refusing the rich gifts which he offered ; and, like many 
other men who have lived at other times, he doubtless, 
thought, that he knew more about what was right in the mat- 
ter than the prophet himself did. He ran after Naaman, and 
when the latter saw him coming, he got out of his chariot and 
went to meet him and iui|uired if all was well. He replied 
that it was; but his master had some visitors of the sons 
of the prophets, and he wanted a talent of silver and two 
changes of garments for them. Naaman made him take two 
talents of silver and two changes of garments, and two of his 
servants carried them back for Geha/.i. When he arrived at 
a suitable place he took them from them, and hid them; he 
then went in to where Elisha was. lilisha iniiuired of him 
where he had been. Gehazi said he had not been anywhere. 
This aroused the prophet, and he said to him: 

"Went not mine heart with thee, when the man turned 
again Irom his chariot to meet thee? Is it a time to receive 
money, and to receive garments, and olive-j'ards, and vine- 
yards, and men-servants, and maid-servants? The leprosy of 
Naaman shall cleave unto thee and unto thy .seed forever." 

A fearful condemnation, and fearfully was it fulfilled; for as 
he spake the leprosy of Naaman rested upon Gehazi. This 
seems like a terrible punishment for such an offence; but you 
must recollect that Gehazi was the companion of the prophet, 
he was a man that had many great opjiortunities, and hail ho 
been faithful, would doubtless have been a great prophet him- 
self But he was corrujtt, and for the sake of money would 
tell lies and violate princijile. 

This little sketch shows what great tilings faith can accom- 
plish. Wo expect this little captive-maid thought that she 
was very insignificant, and could not do niuch; but in reading 
this account, we see what great results followed the few words 
which she spoke in faith to her mistress. There is no one so 
small, cither boy or girl, but what can accomplish great good 
by being fiiithful to the Lord. 



VTTE take ])leasure in informing our city subscribers that wc 
' have ma.de arrangcMuents with the carriers o\' the Dcxrir/. 
A'Jjf.s- to distribn(« the JiivuNll.K Instiuktoii in the various 
Wards in this city on the day of its issue. We are (confident 
that this arrangement will give much satisfaction, and, we 
hope, })C the means of increasing the jjleasure and the number 
of our sub.scribers to our little paper. 



Tin: gold of llio sanctuary must lie tried before it is 
.■icccpte<l; and is thrown into the lire, not because it is of 
no value, Ijut because it is so precious. 




G" TJ "V E IsT I Hi E I3^STI?.TJOTOK., 



13 ^iQ- 



croHinsr ^at-esley. 



TO-DAY wc have a portrait of one of the best men, who 
lived in tlie Christain workl before our Father in 
Heaven restored the everlasting gospel in these days. His 
name was John Wesley. He was the founder of the 
religious sect called Methodists, and those who believe 
in the doctrines he taught are often styled Wesleyans or 
Wesleyan Metliodists. His father was Samuel Wesley, a 
clergyman of the Church of England, residing at Ep- 
worth in Lincolnshire, where John was born in the year 
1703. 

When he was only six years old, the house where his 
father resided caught Are. It was a cold stormy winter 
night, the ice had to be broken to get at the water in the 
pond near by, but little could be done towards putting out 
the flames. These spread so rapidly tliat few things of 
value could be saved. No person was burned to death, 
but "poor Jacky," as his mother called him, was given up 
for some time is lost. His father twice attempted to save 
the boy, but was each time beaten 
back by the burning flames. Find- 
ing he could do nothing to save his 
child, he resigned him into the 
hands of God. But once more the 
feelings of tlie father prevailed aud 
he made another frantic attempt to 
save him. By some unknown 
means, the boy got round to a win- 
dew in the front of the liouse, and 
was rescued by one man standing 
on the shoulders of another, and 
thus getting within his reach. Im- 
mediately after his rescue from this 
peril the roof of the house fell in. 
Few of us can doubt, but that in 
this, the power of God was directly 
manifested iu saving a life, wliicli 
afterwards became so valuable in 
preparing the minds of men by his 
teachings for the truths of the ever- 
lasting gospel. 

When Wesley grew towards manhood he went as a 
student to the celebrated university at (Jxford, where 
he afterwards became a tutor. It was while at Oxford 
that we first hear of him as a religious reformer. He, 
with his brother and a few otlior students, formed them- 
.selves into a small society for tlie purpose of mutual reli- 
gious instruction. They devoted their leisure to visiting 
the prisons and the sick, partook of the Lord's supper 
once a week, and fasted two out of every seven days. 
They soon attracted a good deal of attention amongst the 
gay and thoughtless students of Oxford, and among other 
names given to them was that of Metliodists, which has 
clung to them from that time to the present. When he 
was tliirty-two years old, he determined to visit this coun- 
try for the purpose of preaching to tlio Indians. He 
accordingly went to Georgia, where he spent two years. 
He tlien returned to England, and commenced preacliing 
in the open air, obtaining many followers. In this course 
he met witli violent opposition from the clergy of the 
church of England and otliers, and the churches were 
sliut against liim, so he built large meeting houses and 
chapels for liis people in London, Bristol and other Eng- 
lish cities. No man ever labored more zealously or con- 
tinuously in the cause he had adopted. He traveled and 
preached tliroughout England, Wales, Scotland and Ire- 
land, and iiublished a vast quantity of hymns, tracts, ser- 



mons and other writings. He preached like the elders of 
the Church of Jesus Christ, without first writing out his 
sermons, and in his preaching dwelt much upon the 
duties of practical religion. He taught his followers to 
seek for the Spirit of God and to strive for a state of sinless 
perfection. His influence with his people remained with 
him until his death, which occurred at London in 1791, in 
his 89th year. 

John Wesley, was without doubt a very wise and good 
man. He strove to teach others how they also might be 
wise and good. His labors have been of much benefit to 
the world, and great will be his reward in that better 
world to come. But, little friends, you must mark the 
difference between John Wesley and those who acted 
with him, and Joseph Smith and the Elders of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Joseph Smith was 
called of God to be a prophet to the people. John Wesley 
was not so called. Joseph Smith was ordained by holy 
angels to the Priesthood. John Wesley had no priest- 
hood given him from God. Joseph Smith had the hea- 
vens opened to him. John Wesley 
had not, Joseph Smith preached 
that which he knew to be true, be- 
cause God Himself had taught him, 
John Wesley taught what he believ- 
ed to be right, from the way he 
understood the scriptures. Joseph 
Smith was endowed with power 
from on high to ordain others and 
send them out into the world to 
preach the gospel. No such power 
was given to John Wesley. 

Thus we see the great difTerence 
between a man called of God and 
ordained to be a propliet and one 
who preaches according to his own 
understanding. One preaches the 
gospel with the power of the Lord, 
and the testimony of the Spirit of 
God follows his words, the other, 
does the best he can under the cir- 
cumstances, sometimes accomplish- 
ing good, and sometimes harm, but not being sent of 
God there is no certainty in his testimony, no virtue in 
his administrations. He may be right, be may be wrong, 
God has not revealed Himself to him, and all his words 
and actions are beclouded by doubt and weakened by un- 
certainty. The labors of such men as Luther, Wesley and 
other reformers have been, however, of groat value to the 
world. They labored in many instances witli pure 
motives, and tlie Lord blessed them with a portion of His 
Spirit, and He overruled their works for the accomplish- 
ment of His purposes in preparing the hearts of the chil- 
dren of men for the fullness of His gospel. 

G. E. 




The annals of the world will not show a true business 
man asking for employment wlio didn't get it. But there 
can be no true business without jiluck and that other 
thing expressed by the Saxon word "jilod." There \vi\.< 
never a brilliant genius in the world who didn't owe his 
true success to being a plodder also. It is all very well for 
genius to corruscate, but it is jiluck and plodding: 
carries man up to the great heights of life. Tliese 
words, iiluclc and plod, are the key-words to success. 



that 
two 



P-X, 



I WOULD give nothing for that man's religion whose 
very dog and cat are not the better for it. 



% 



A 



■fe^^-ti 






y.^9 



^ 14 



J" TJ "V^ E ItT I L E insrST:E?.TJOTOI^/, 



■^^M 



jyCISSTOnSTJ^K/Y SICETOHIES 



U' 



(C'0;(C?(«/<rf.) 

P to the twelfth meeting Mr. Newton*liatl been frieiul- 
ly, auil the ElJeis liad stopped at liis house ; but now a 
change took ph»ee iu him. He ivjeeted tlie testimony of 
the servants of God, the Spirit of God witlidrew from him, 
and tlie evil one took possession of him. It seemed as if 
lie wa.s kept under the inlluence of the gOv)J ,Si)irit long 
enougli to enable tlie elders to get a foothold and then he 
was left to himself. Tliere was a Methodist preaclier on 
the adjacent island -South Viual Haven— by t!ie name of 
Douglas, with wlioni Mr. Newton had been at variance 
for years. For this man Mr. Newton sent when the evil 
spirit entereil into him, and he invited him over to help 
him put down the "Mormons." Like Herod and Pilate 
they could make friends for the sake of fighting the truth 
and making common cause against the servants of God. 
Mr. Newton sent over also to the mainland for ministers 
to come and help him jnit down the "^lormons." The 
devil began to marslial his forces. He was determine<l to 
make the liest light he could and to in'event the conver- 
sion of tlie people by the Elders. But the Lord had not 
forgotten his servants. A gentleman by the name of 
Captain Ames, an inlidel, had attended their meetings, 
and when Mr. Newton turned against them, he invited 
them to his house. Elder WoodruH" afterwards had the 
pleasure of baptizing liim, his brother and their wives. 

In the meantime Douglas had made his appearance. 
He held a meeting at which he told lies about the projihet 
Joseph, the people of the Cliurch and other airaiw. He 
dill ni)l fail t-o pour out unmca-sured abuse upon Bro. 
Wooilrutr. At tills meeting he had made inquiries whe- 
tlier Hrolhcr Woodrull" was present or not; he was told 
that lie w:is not. But his informant was mistaken. He 
wa.'< there, and he took notes of tlie discourse, ami wlieu 
I)ougl:us liail linislied, he arose ami stated tliat he had 
made false statements and on the ne.xt Sunday he would 
reply to tiiem. He diil rci)ly to them, and iinnu-dlati'ly 
afterwards ci>mnietii-ed baptizing the i)eople, and it was 
nothing until he had baptizeil everyone who had any 
share in .Mr. Newton's meeting house. The proprietors 
of the house having become Latter-day Saints, the liuild- 
Ing pa-ssed into the hamls of JOlder Woodrulf, and was 
occupied by him and the .Saints for their meeting.s. This 
was an unf'>rtunate blow for Mr. Newton. He had under- 
taken to measure arms with the Lord, and had got 
worsted in the encounter. He had listened to tlie preach- 
ing for awhile ; but he became alarmed for tlie safety of 
his Hock and the living which he derived from them, and 
then he commenced his ojiposition, hojiiiig thereby to 
stop th<' work of (ioii. But his ellbrts were useless, and 
the very tbiiig which he trieil to prevent came upon him. 
Had he been honest he Would have received the triilh, 
icjciii'.-d in it ami been willing to give up all things for its 
possession, I'.ut this was a sacrilire which he would not 
make, therefore he turned his alt<'iiti<>n to the best means 
of putting it down, uiul with what success we have partly 
told you. 

Having been so successful on that island Elder Wood- 
ruir thought it best to extend his labors, .so he visitt^d 
South Vin.'il Haven, an ndj.-icent island on which Mr. 
Monglas was preaching. The latter jierson wa.s now in a 
poTiitinn where instead of running ofl'to help others, as lie 
did .Mr. Newton, he neeiled a-»sistance himself. No one 
of these pre:iehers felt himself a match for an Ebler of the 
('linreli of .le-iH Cliriit of Latter-day .■^aints ; and, in fact, 
while they eoiilineil themselves to the Bible numbers 
^jAf were no special advantage, for a wise Elder, who wa« 
Vjv* familiar with the Scriptures, knew more than they all, 

S^5^-^ — „_=^ 



and could easily obtain victories over them. This was so 
in the days of which we write, and it is still the case. 
While the Bible is the rule of evidence tliere are none of 
the jireachers of the present day who can stand before an 
Elder of the Church, if he understands doctrine and 
relies upon the Spirit of God to assist him. 

All JSIr. Douglas' efibrts to foison the minds of the peo- 
ple against the trutli were fruitless ; vain were his false- 
hoods about the i>rophet Joseph and the Church ; his con- 
gregation would listen to Elder Woodrufl', and the result 
was many of them were convinced of the truth and were 
baptized. You can imagine how angrj' this made the 
preacher. He had thought himself ifuite capable of con- 
founding the "Mormon Elders'' when he left his own 
island and crossed to the help of Mr. Newton ; but here 
they were, right on his own ground ; they had followed 
him up, and were actually gaining converts from his own 
congregation. Finding the Bible would not sustain him 
he thought he would see what he could do with the law. 
He ajiplied to the magistrates for a warrant to arrest Bro. 
Woodruff for libel ; but the magistrates took a sensible 
view of the subject ; they were unwilling to be made the 
instruments of persecution ; they told him that It was a 
religious controversy and they would not grant a warrant. 
Failing in this, he attended a meeting at which Elder 
Woodruff was present, and abused him in a violent man- 
ner. His conduct aroused Bro. Woodruff. He could bear 
considerable ; but there was a limit to his endurance, anil 
this man's conduct had pushed liim to that limit. He 
felt the Spirit burn within him, and w;is led by it to pre- 
dict what the fate of Douglas should be. He told him, 
before tlie whole congregation, that he was a wicked and 
an adulterous man, and prophesied that his ini(piity 
should be made manifest in t)ie eyes of the people. 

We have no means of knowing how Douglas felt upim 
hearing this prediction. He knew that the statement 
respecting his being a wicked and an adulterous man, was 
a true one. But the prediction that his iniquity should be 
made public he probably sneered at. 

Newton had also become so bitter and filled with the 
spirit of liatred and persecution, that Elder Woodrulf was 
led to tell him that the Lord would curse him and the 
peo])le should see the hand of the Lord upon him. 

These were very important predictions so far as the 
men were concerned to whom they ai)plied. Tliey, in 
their own persons, were to prove or disprove whether the 
"Mormon lOlder" had the jiower to projdiesy. Now, it is 
not likely that they would do any thing with the inten- 
tion of bringing upon themselves tlii' fullillment of his 
words; on the contrary, it is probable they would do 
everything they could to make the predictions false. 
But whatcoulil they, puny mortals, do to make the word 
of (iod false? Elder Woodrult', in iironouiicliig their 
future fate, was led to say what he did by the Sjiirit of the 
Lord, and when he had spoken he liad no more to do 
with it. It was not for him to give himself any concern 
about the way it should be brought about; the I>ord 
would fulfill his own word in his own way and in his 
own time. He sustains and vindicates his servants, and 
when they are le(l tiy His Spirit to pronounce comlemna- 
tion upon a man, upon a city or upon a nation ; or to utter 
lilessings upon a man, a liousehold or a community. He 
will fulfil their words to the very letter. H(> did .so in 
these instances, as we will relate to you. 

I':ider Woodrulf continued to lalmr on ]'"ox Islands and 
on the mainland for ujiwards of a year ; (Bro. Hale hav- 
ing In the meaiillme returned to Kirlland); and when he 
left there, ho was accompanied by about one hundred 
Splints, for whom he bought hoises, wagons .■ind an outfit 
with which to travel. 'I'lie Saints in those days traveled 
l>rincipally with their own wagons and teams. Itailroads 



■fe^ 




9)) 



0" TJ ^ E IsT I H. El in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



15 



were not so numerous then as now, and journeying to 
Zion was quite a serious labor, especially so for the Elders 
who had charge of companies that had no experience in 
traveling, as was the case with this company which 
KUler Woodruff led. They reached the Mississippi river, 
and met the Saints, who had just been driven out of 
Missouri by the mob, at the town of Quincy. 

The Twelve Apostles had beeii called to take a mission 
to I<>iigland ; after a short time they started. Elder Wood- 
ru(l'l)eing among the number. When they returned to 
the United States Elder Woodruff visited the scene of his 
former labors— P\)x Islands. Changes bad occurred in 
his absence ; but the greatest change which he witnessed 
was in the condition of the two ministers who had 
opjiosod him in his labors. Newton, the Baptist minister, 
had lost his position, and was a vagabond. What living 
he had he gained by going round with a horse and cart 
peddling skins and trinkets. The fate of Douglas, the 
Methodist pi'eacher, was worse even than this. He was 
in Thomaslon ]jenitentiary, to which he had been sen- 
tenced for fourteen years, for having committed a wicked 
crime, liis wife and daughter having both testified 
against him. 

Thus the words of the servant of God, pronounced 
against tliese men, were literaUy fulfilled, and that, too, 
by their own conduct. 



G h: TJ K. O HI. 

{Continued.) 



THE 



WHP^N but fourteen years of age President Young lost 
the earthly care and presence of his mother ; she died 
June 11th, ISlo. Two years after that sad event his father 
removed to the town of Tyrone, Steuben county, in which 
year he married widow Hannah Brown, who bore to him 
one son, Edward, who was born July 30, 1823. In the 
year 1S27 his father moved to Mendon, Munroe county, 
in the State of New York, whither he was accompanied 
by several of liis family. He w;»s living in this neighbor- 
hood when he heard the first news of the restoration of 
the gospel. He heard the gospel preaclied by Elders 
Eleazer Jitiller and Elial Strong in 1831, and in April of 
the following year he went with his sons, Joseph and 
Phinehas H., to Columbia, Pennsylvania, where there 
was a branch of the Cluirch. They desired to investigate 
the principles of the Church and to see the Saints, and to 
make themselves further acquainted with their method of 
administration. So satisfied and convinced were they by 
what they learned of the gospel during this visit that they 
were baptized and confirmed members of the Church, and 
returned home rejoicing. 

A perusal of the history of this family convinces one 
that its members— father, sons and daughters— were all 
honest and truth-loving people and very open to convic- 
tion and the inlluences of the Spirit of God. There are 
many families, .several of whose members have joined the 
tlhurch ; but it was a very remarkable event in those 
early days for every living member of a family, so numer- 
ous as this was, to become Latter-day Saints. There were 
the father, his wife, six sons, five daughters, and daugh- 
ters-in-law and sons-in-law, who all readily joined the 
Church when the truth was fairly presented to them, and 
remained firm therein. Where can wo find another 
instance like this in the early history of the Church? It 
must have been exceedingly gratifying to the father to 
live to hear the everlasting gospel in its purity and full- 
ness preached by inspired men ; but h(jw much was this 
glailness increased by seeing the willingness of his chil- 
dren (i) follow his example and enter into the only true 
and living Church ni)on the earth ! 

In the fall of 1.S33, Father Voung removed to Kirtland, 
Ohio, which was one of the gathering places of the Saints 



at that time. The next year he was ordained a Patriarch 
by the Prophet Joseiih Smith, being the first man, in this 
dispensation, ordained to that office. In the year 1838 he 
left Kirtland for iMissouri. He traveled without interrup- 
tion until he reached the town of Fayette, in the State of 
Missouri. Plere he found himself in the midst of the 
militia commanded liy General Clark. These were called 
militia, but they were really a mob of armed men, whose 
acts were iii direct violation of law. The night after his 
arrival at this jjlace these forces marched for Far West, 
the principal town occupied by the Saints. On the fol- 
lowing day he proceeded on his journey ; but upon reach- 
ing Old Chariton he found a guard which had been left at 
the ferry by Clark, so he had to return to Illinois. On his 
way he was frecpiently met by companies of men, calling 
themselves militia also, who declared that if they knew 
that he and his companions were "Mormons" tliey would 
kill them. At Columbia, Missouri, he found General 
Gaines raising a company to go to the assistance of Gen. 
Clark to exterminate the Saints, and his grandson, Evan 
M. Greene, made application to the General for a pass to 
go out of the State with the company, representing to him 
that his grandfather was a revolutionary soldier. Such a 
plea ought to have awakened sympathy and called forth 
the required protection ; but no, in the breasts of mobo- 
crats patriotism or gratitude found no place. What cared 
they for age, experience, or faithful service in the coun- 
try's cause? They did not value liberty themselves, nor 
any of the boons which the revolutionary war had 
brought to the land and its inhabitants, or they would not 
have sought as they did to deprive their tellow-citizeus of 
their right to worship God according to the dictates of 
their own consciences ; therefore, the sight of an aged 
veteran, deprived of the liberty to travel as he pleased in 
the land for which he had risked his life, and over which 
he had helped to establish a free government, did not 
touch them. 

The wagon which they had was a good eastern wagon. 
The Latter-day Saints who came to the State generally 
brought with them eastern wagons, which were of a difier- 
ent style to those made and used in those days in Missouri. 
Gaines, instead of taking measures to protect them, told 
them they had better exchange their wagon for one 
of another kind, such as was used in that region, or else 
travel on horseback, then they could make their journey 
without molestation. If they did not adopt this advice, 
he could give them no pass that would benefit them. 
Traveling on horseback in the winter was not to be 
thought of, if it could be avoided ; therefore, the only 
course left was to trade the wagon. The one they got in 
excliange was an old one ; but it answered the purpose 
very well, for they afterwards met many companies of 
men and were not even hailed by them. He moved to 
Morgan county, Illinois; and in 1839 he visited his chil- 
dren at Quincy, at which place they had stopped after 
being expelled from Missouri. He died at (Quincy on tlie 
12th of October of that year. Ho Wiis in the seventy- 
seventh year of his age at the time of his death; and 
though he was an aged man, had it not been for the hard- 
ships and persecutions he endured in this journey from 
Missouri, he would, doubtless, have lived a number of 
years longer. The conduct of the authorities of the State 
of IMissouri was well-adapted to destroy all desire for life 
in the breast of such a man as he. In his boyhooil he had 
volunteered to serve in the army to redeem the land from 
oppression. But of what avail were his sacrifices and suf- 
ferings, if neither he nor his children could ehjoy that 
liberty for which they were made and endured? With 
pious hands he and his companions had helped lo lay llie 
foundation of a republic in which men should have e(pial 



;S^^- 



'4^ 



5^ 



^^ -IS 



J- TJ "V^ E iq- 1 L E I3Srsa?I?>TJGTOI^ 



^ 



rights ; he had watched its growth with pride and delight ; 
hut, in the brief compass of liis life, how great the change 
whiih had been efleeted! Missouri's governor, courts, 
otlicers and militia had trampled law and justice under 
their feet, and for no wrong had expelled free men from 
tlieir borders; and what was still worse, the entire nation 
winked at their crimes, the Chief Executive declaring 
that he could not grant any redress. In his patriot soul 
Father Young could not but feel that the glory of Ameri- 
can freedom had departed and that liberty had 
been strangled in lier own temple liy the hands of 
those who should have been her devoted followers. The 
jiroiihet Joseph, in alluding to his death in his history, 
says: "He died a martyr to the religion of Jesus, for his 
deatli was caused by his sufTeriugs in that cruel persecu- 
tion." His doubtless will be a martyr's crown. 
[To be cun(inucd.'\ 



STEI^HIEiT. 



AMARTYK is one who dies for the truth ; or who, by 
his death bears witness of the truth of the Gospel. 
Stephen was the lirst martyr amongst the Saints, after the 
death of Jesus. He was stoned to death by the Jews at 
Jerusalem. They said he was guilty of blaspheming; 
and the punishment of blasphemy was death. Do you 
know the meaning of the word "blaspheme?" "We will 
tell you. It is to revile or ridicule God or sacred things. 
Of this charge Stephen was not guilty ; but the wicked 
Jews claimed that belief in Jesus Christ as the Son of God 
was blaspheming ; just as we have known some wicked 
men in these days say it was blasphemy to proclaim that 
Joseph Smith was a Projihet of the living God. 

It appeal's from the history of the Church, given us in 
the book of the Acts of the Apostles, that shortly after the 
deatli of Jesus, the church increased so rapidly in num- 
bers, that there were many branches to organize ; much 
preaching to be done ; mauj' poor Saints to look after, and 







I ho Twelve chosen Apostles found they could not do all 
that was recjuireil for the building up of the church. They 
therefore called the Saints together and said: "Brethren, 
look ye out among you .seven men of honest rei)ort, full of 
tho Holy Ghost, wliom we may appoint to look after the 
jioor and the widows." This was agreed U])()n at once, 
and the church chose seven men for this i)uri)ose, tlie 
lirst of whom wiis Stephen, a man full of faith and the 
Holy Ghost. These .seven men the Apostles ordained to 
their calling by i)rayer and the laying on of hanils. 

Now, Stephen was full of faith an<I i)ower, and he did 
wonilers and niinicles among tlio jieojilc. Still, the 
wicked contended with him, and, by dis])iiting, sought to 
confound his testimony; but they were not able to resist 
the wijidom ami the sjiirit by which he spoke. So they 
sought out other wicked men, who came before the peo- 
l>le with falachoods, saying: "We have heard him speak 



blasphemous words against Moses, and against God." 
These words stirred up the elders and the people against 
Stephen and they caught him and brought him before 
the council. 

Then came the false witnesses, M'ho said: "This man 
ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy 
place, and the law ; for we have heard him say, that this 
Jesus of Naz.iretli shall destroy this place, and shall 
change the customs which Moses delivered us." Whilst 
these men were thus striving to destroy this servant of 
God, the power of the Ijord rested mightily upon him, 
and his face became as that of an angel, and all the coun- 
cil who looked ujjou him saw this change. Then the high 
jiriest called on Stephen for his defense and said, "are 
these things so?" To this cpiestion Stephen answered, 
and gave the history of the Hebrews from the days the 
God of glory api>eared to Abraham, when he was in Meso- 
potamia, showing how He had all the time watched over 
and protected his people, and how all His holy prophets 
had foretold the coming of this same Jesus, as the Savior 
of the world, and how the^ his accusers, had slain their 
Redeemer. 

This testimony tilled the Jews with rage, and they 
gnashed their teeth at him in their wrath. But Stephen 
was tilled with the Holy Ghost, and stood before them 
calm and fearless, for he trusted in the Almighty and 
knew they could do him no harm. Then, looking up 
steadfastly into heaven, he was filled with joy and the 
Holy Ghost; for he saw the heavens opened and beheld 
the glory of God, and Jesus standing on His right hand. 
To this vision he bore testimony before all the council. 
Then they shouted and stopped their ears that they 
might not hear him and crov.'ded upon and mobbed him. 

Now, as it was not lawful to stone a man inside the 
city, they carried him outside and there stoned him to 
death. Whilst they were thus cruelly slaying him, he 
continued to call upon the Lord, asking Him not to lay 
the sin of his death to their charge, and, crying, "Lord 
Jesus, receive my spirit," he fell asleep in death. Devout 
brethren then carried Stephen to his burial, and the 
church sorely lamented his departure. 

At this time there arose a great persecution against the 
Church, and the Saints were scattered abroad from Jeru- 
salem, amongst the various cities of Judea and the neigh- 
boring countries. In all these places they jireached the 
glad tidings of the Gosjiel of salvation anil as a result 
many were added to the Church. It is said "the blood of 
the martyrs is the seed of the church," meaning, that 
])ersccution docs not destroy hut strengthens the j)owei- 
and increases the numbers of the church ; so, you observe, 
it was in the case of the martyrdom of Stephen. The 
Scribes and others thought they could destroy the church 
by killing the servants of Ciod, and driving the Saints 
from their homes ; but they were mistaken ; the members 
of the church, instead of remaining at Jeru.saleni si)read 
all over the country, and "Jesus and the Gospel was pro- 
claimed throughout the length and breadth of Judea." 

G. R. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVKUY OTIIKH SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

HhKjlc Copy, per Annum ?2 ijO. 

A'in//lc O'ptj, for Six Monllm 1 5(1. 

*»■ (f mill brous,'lit to this City for tlic .Iiivr.NiMt Insthuctok will Lc 
received ut tbc offiuu of uur paper— Dkskkkt Nisws UuiLUiNos. 



