


polintss to Wit lloriil 





VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1871. 



NO. L - 



tio-w joHisriN-ir -wTj^s LOST. 



JOHNNY lived in one of the little cities of the far West, 
with a crowd of brothers and sisters, only one of whom 
was younger than himself, and he was Ave years and a 
half old. One Sunday last August, his father, being at 
liberty from bis work, got a team to carry his mother and 
the baby to ride, and Johnny went too. They rode out in 
the country a few miles to the house of a friend, who 
treated them to watermelons. Johnny gnawed out the 
sweet juicy inside of his slice, and looking at the rind, 
thought what a nice little boat it would make. "I'm go- 
ing down to the spring to sail my boat," he said, and otf 
he ran, bareheaded as he was. 

The spring was some distance from the house, but there 
was a good path all the way, and Johnny had been down 
to it once when he was there before. But there were 
other paths branching otr, and somehow Johnny struck 
into one of these and kept running on, expecting every 
moment to come to the spring. But the path dwindled 
away and finally disappeared entirelj' ; and then Johnny, 
in wandering on and trying to find it again, got complete- 
ly bewildered, for the house was out of sight, and what 
was he to do? 

Any one who has never seen the Western prairies can 
hardly imagine the tiresome lengths In which they 
stretch out, with the most tedious sameness. This was 
not level prairie, but rolling— a swell, then a rav'ne, ano- 
ther swell, and another ravine, and so on, all looking 
much alike. Among these Johnny wandered till he was 
tired, trying to find the house and culling for father and 
mother. 

When a long time passed, and he did not come back to 
the house, his parents grew uneasy and fearing he had 
fallen into the spring, his father wont down to look for 
him, but found neither Johnny nor his boat. They went 
out to hunt for him, and called in every direction, but he 
was by this time too far away to hear them. 

Poor little fellow ! The sun beat down so hot on his 
head, and the coarse prairie grass hurt his bare feet, but 
still he wandered on, all sweaty, and dusty, and tear-stain- 
ed, until the sun set and darkness came on— for in those 
prairie countries the two events are very near together. 
He was very hungry and tired, but there was neither 
supper nor bed for him ; so he lay down among some 
bushes in a dry raviuo, and ate the watermelon rind 
which he had carried in his hand all the while, and he 
wa.s so hungry that the rind tasted better even than the 
inside did in the afternoon. He sat up and stared about 
in the darkness and felt afraid. "Father! mother!" he 



called, as loud as he could in his terror ; but there was no 
one to answer, and, the big tears rolling down his cheeks, 
he lay down again and cried till he fell asleep. But he 
did not sleep very well, for the night dews went through 
his tliiu cotton clothes, and made liiui so chilly that time 
and again through the long night he woke up shivering, 
and seeing the stars shining over his head, remeaibereil 
where he was, and lay trembling as mucli with fear as 
with cold. 

When his parents could not find him, his father rode 
quickly back to town and spread the alarm. The men 
and boys started out with dogs and guns and torches and 
horns; and all that night, and Monday, and Monday 
night, and part of Tuesday, they kept up the se.arcli. 

And how do you suppose Johnny fared all this while? 
He was glad when daylight came Mond.ay morning, r()r 
then he was not afraid, and he thought he might lind his 
way home before night, for he was hungry enougli, and 
kept a sharp lookout for something to eat. All he could 
find was an occasion.al bunch of the little sour wild grapes, 
and sometimes on a wild gooseberry bush he would hud 
a ripe gooseberry, half dried up. As the sun grew hot, he 
became sweaty, which made him very thirsty, but he 
could seldom find any water, for it had been such a dry 
season. When he did find any, he had nothing to drink 
from, so he would lie down flat, and, putting his mouth 
to the water, drink as well as he could. 

Just before night on Monday, he saw a hoy on horse- 
back away in the distance. Johnny forgot how tired lie 
was and ran toward him witli all his might, calling as 
loud as he could, "\Vait for me ! wait for me !" P.ut the 
boy was too far away, and neither saw nor heard him, bul 
kept riding on. Johnny ran the faster and called the 
louder, till he stumbled and fell headlong and when lu' 
got up again, the boy was out of sight. Then Joliniiy''* 
"tired" all came back to him, and lying down in the 
grass, he cried till he went to sleep, for he thought he 
must' wander .about till he starved to death, and never see 
home any more. When morning came after another long 
shivering night, he was so lame and tired he could hardly 
stir but finally got up and wandered about in a weak 
slow way. He grew thirsty, and found some water in a 
ravine, then ho wandered up and d.)wn for something to 
eat for he was never half so hungry in his life before. 1 
tliink he would have been glad to eat even the chicken 
skin which this very morning a funny little boy pullo<l 
o(r from the drumstick he was gnawing the meat from at 
breakfast. "Mamm.a," said this little boy, as he pulled 



)Jm^ 



(^"356. 




CTTJ^EISriLE IlSrSTI^TJOTOie.. 



^ 



off the skin and laid it on liis plate, "I'm not going to eat 
all those feather plus!" No one could blame him for not 
wanting to swallow so many feather-pins, for the man 
that dressed the chicken didn't half do it. I think Johnny 
would have been glad to swallow it, "feather pins" and 
all. 

About noon, a man on horseback came upon a party 
who were hunting for Johnny, now numbering about one 
hundred and fifty men and boys. 

"What is going on ?" ho inquired. 

"We are hunting for a lost child," said a dozen at once. 

"That reminds me," saiil the man, "that about a mile 
and a half back here, I rode into a ravine to water my 
horse, and I saw a little child's tracks all about in the 
soft ground. I thought strange of it at the time, as there 
was no house near." 

The company took the direction and made for the ravine 
as fast as possible. Arriving there they separated in two 
parts, one company going up and one going down the 
ravine. One man at length came in sight of Johnny, sit- 
ting down in the grass, his yellow head just showing over 
the top. He rode up quietly, not wishing to frighten 
him, and Johnny did not look up till he heard the horse. 

Then he rose up and looked very earnestly at the man. 

"Do you know where my father is?" he asked, in a 
weak, trembling voice, the big tears standing in his blue 
eyes. 

There were loud shouts of rejoicing, firing of guns, and 
blowing of horns, to let the rest of the company know he 
was found, and Johnny's father, almost beside himself 
with joy, took him up in front of him on his horse, and 
carried him home. He had brought along food for him, 
so the poor little boy did not have to wait till he got 
home for something to eat, and I'll warrant Johnny 
never knew before how good broad and butter could 
taste. It would l>e hard telling who was most glad, 
Johnny or his family, when he was brought homo alive 
and \VL-\\.—i)iJef:(c(t. 



[For the Juvenile Inafructor. 

€Iinniofrii \\% (F.ommim ((ETtittns. 






pOM) is found hi a free slate, that is, as a niotal, it is 
yj said to be a "regulus" of gold, free silver is a "regulus" 
of silver; when any metal is l)rought int« the metallic 
state it is called a regulus of that met;d. But gold is .sel- 
dom found pure, it is most commonly alloyod with silver 
ami c<)p])er. 

Again, gold is often <lisporsed through a stony matrix 
from which it may be Hei>arated in two dill'ereiit w.iys, 
cither by dissolving the njetal in a suitable solvent, 
or by amalgamation, that is by uniting the gold with 
quicksilver, and afterwards driving oil" this by heat, and 
thus leaving the gold in nearly a i)ure state. 

Now, as it Is the aiudywis of ores that is engaging o\ir 
attention, the most convenient mode will he to pro(-ood by 
the iiiiilit metho<l, an<l an we are not merely assaying, we 
sh.all rerpiirc to know all the products that may be dis- 
solved. I'erhaps it will be well to deliiie the difTorenco 
between analysing ami .a-sssiylng. Analysis determines the 
nature and ipiantity of all the substances wliich the ore 
ormetallic mixture contains; assay determines how mu<-h 
of the particular metal sought after is contained in a deli- 



nite quaiitity of the ore or metal In question, generally, 
the percentage of precious metal contained in the whole 
mass of something of which the substance examined is a 
fair sample. Thus, suppose a specimen of the "Eureka" 
ore is submitted for examination, a small fragment ex- 
amined hy the blow-pipe reveals the fact that it contains 
silver. The proper solvent for silver is nitric acid, 100 
grains of the ore being pulverized and digested with ten 
times its weight of nitric acid, a considerable amount of 
undissolved powder remained which the ass;iyer did not 
take into account. After pouring a little of the solution 
into a small tost tube, some water was added to it to ascer- 
tain if antimony was present, of which no account was 
taken, the object being to assay, or try, for the silver. 
The solution on being diluted with water was filtered 
through blotting paper into a tall glass, and after washing 
the filter with more water, so that no silver should remain 
on the filter, the residuum was examined with a powerful 
lens to ascertain if any gold was present, which would be 
undissolved by nitric acid; none being found it was thrown 
away. A solution of common salt (muriate of sodium) 
was then added, and immediately white llucculent mat- 
ter denoted the presence of silver, the chloride of U at 
metal being formed, which was precipitated. On pouring 
oft' tlie liquid and drying the chloride, the proportion of 
silver to the 100 grains dissolved was ascertained by being 
fused with carbonate of potash, and weighed, the button 
of silver thus obtained being pure silver, gave the per- 
centage of silver to the ore; or its assay, or the proportions 
of pure silver may be estimated at three-quarters the 
weight of the chloride. 

In iiroceeding with gold, nitro-muriaticacid is required, 
as gold will not dissolve in either nitric or muriatic (hy- 
drochloric) acid alone. It is the free chlorine in the nitro- 
muriatic acid (the aqua regia, of the old school) that acts 
uijon the precious metal, forming a tri-chloride of gold. 
As soon as the whole of the gold is dissolved the residuum 
will be separated by pouring through a filter (a piece of 
blotting pajjor made in the form of a cone by folding it 
something like a cap) which may be placed in a wine 
glass, and use 1 as a strainer. This substance must be 
washed, dried, and weighed, as it will be the chloride of 
silver (if any silver was in the metal to be assayed, which 
may bo known by the llucculent jiarticles separated dur- 
ing the process of dis.solving) the solution, which is called 
the "filtrate" is then gold, to which the washings of the 
chloride on the strainer should he added. To this filtrate 
ad<l a solution of proto-suliihate of iron, which, with other 
"reagents," is sold for very small sums at Z. C. M. I. Drug 
Store. This will i)reripitate the gold. Then decant the 
clear liquid, wash and dry the precipitate, ami, in the 
next article wo will soe the way to use this powilor for a 
very interesting [mrjiose. 

BKTIf. 



Hovs, Ri;Ar> Triis. 
years ago a largo ili'ug 
boy. Next day the si 
among them a quoor-l< 
a woman, who jirovod 
parents, by whom he I 
this little waif, tlu; m( 
"('an't take him in, pi 
"I know he is small," 
and faithful." 'J'bcie 
which niado the morel 
firm voluntoorod Iho 
they wanted with suol 
pint of cider." Jiiit a 
woi'k. 

A few days later a t 



A X.'W Vork pajior says: A few 

firm in this oily adv('rlise<l for a 

ore was thronged with applicants, 

loUiiig little fellow, accompanied by 

to bo his aunt, in lieu of faithless 

liad Ikm'u abandoned. IjooUing at 

reliant in the store ]iromplly s;iid : 

aoiw all full; besides, he is small." 

said the wonnui, "but ho is willing 

was a twinkle in the boy's eyes 

ant lliiiik anuin. A partner in "the 

remark lliat bo "ili<ln't soe what 

I a boy — ho wasn't liiggor than a 

tier consultation the lioy was set to 

ill was made on the boy.s in the 



^% 



bA&ft 



J"Cr "\r E IsT I L E jn^STI^TJOTOI?., 



■M^^ 



store for some one to stay all night. The jsrompt response 
of the lUtle fellow contrasted well with tlje reluctance of 
others. In the middle of the night the merchant looked 
in to see if all was right in the store, and presently dis- 
covered his youthful ^:i;-o^t;7e scissoring labels. "What are 
you doing?" said he ; "I did not toll you to work nights." 
"I know you did not toll me so, but [ thought I miglit as 
well be doing something." In the morning the cashier 
got orders to "double that boy's wages, for he is wiUing." 
Only a few weeks passed before a show of wild beasts 
passed through the streets, and very naturally all hands 
in the store rushed to witness the spectacle. A thiof saw 
his opportunity, and entered at the rear door to seize some- 
thing, but in a twinkling found himself tirmly clutched 
by the diminutive clerk aforesaid, and after a struggle 
was captured. Not only was robbery prevented, "but 
valuable articles taken fi'om other stores were recovered. 
When asked by the merchant why he stayed behind to 
watch when all others quit their work, tiie reply was, 
"You told me never to leave the store when others were 
absent, and I thought I'd stay." Orders were immedia- 
tely given once more, "Double that boy's wages; he is 
iriUlm/ and faithful.'' To-day that boy is getting a salary 
of $2,500, and next January will become a member of the 
firm. 



OOlvIETS. 



OF all the celestial objects which have arrested the atten- 
tion of mankind, perhaps none have excited such ter- 
ror as comets. In all ages of the world's history they have 
been regarded as the forerunner of some dire catastroj)e — 
either war, pestilence, famine, or death to some noted 
person. The Romans believed that a comet which was 
seen in the year 44, before our era, was a celestial chariot 
bearing the soul of their assassinated Ciesar to the skies ; 
for in those days comets were deemed to be the vehicles 
sent by guardian angels to convey departed spirits to the 
realms of Paradise. And on the other hand tliey have 
been regarded as agents of evil, and ae such consigned to 
excommunication and cursing. 

The word comet is derived from the Greek homa, or hair, 
which name is obtained from the hazy or hairy appear- 
ance which they often present. Their general appearance 
is defined as having a nucleus or head, a haze surround- 
ing the nucleus, and a luminous train following the 
nucleus. Planets move in the same direction, from west 
to east; but comets often move in a retrograde direction, 
or from east to west. They also move in elongated orbits, 
that is, their orbits are larger one way than the other. 
Only one end of this orbit lies within our vision, so that 
we never see them but in one part of their course. The 
tail or train of a comet nearly always points from tlie rear, 
no matter in what part of its orbit it may be moving. It 
is said that between seven and eiglit hundred comets have 
made their appearance since the beginning of the Chris- 
tian era ; but this statement can not be relied upon, as 
comets and meteors were formerly supposed to be the 
same, and were reckoned as such. Some raise the num- 
ber of comets visiting our system as high as seven mil- 
lions, but we have no facts to support sucli a conclusion. 
As far as was known to the year ISol, the orbits of one 
liundred and thirty -seven comets were observed. It has 
also been proved that they have a regular orbit, or that 
•"hey visit our system regularly in a certain term of years. 
Comets are not by any means conlinod to oue train, for as 
many as six have been observed aijpeuded to one nu- 
cleus. 

Toward the close of the year 17S0, a comet appeared 
which excited much alarm. It Anally vanished from the 
theatre of heaven in March, 17S1. Tlie train of this comet 
was computed to be one hundred and twenty-throe mil- 
lions of miles in length, and its averages velocity over 
eight hundred thousand miles an hour. Tills comet is 
su))i)osed to have approached witliiii lialf a million miles 
of the sun's centre, and would, had not its projectile force 
been stopped, have entered tlie sun in about three minutes. 



Newton calculated the body of this comet to have been 
heated to a degree two thousand times hotter than red hot 
iron. Its periodical time is five hundred and seventy- 
five years. It will, therefore, make its next appearance 



in the year 



Can you imagine the distance which it 



will have travelled in that time? About thirteen thou- 
sand millions of miles from the sun it will stop and retrace 
its fiery course to pay us a visit. Whiston believed that 
lost spirits were placed upon this comet, and hurled with 
it from the regions of intense heat to those of intense cold 
as a part of their punishment. 

In the year 1456, a, comet appeared which filled all 
Christendom with consternation. It passed very near the 
earth, and swept the heavens with a tail in the form of a 
sword or sabre. The Pope of Rome, believing the comet 
to be in league with the IMohammedans, ordered prayers 
to the Virgin to be repeated three times a day, instead of 
two. He directed the church bells to toll at noon ; and he 
also caused to be added to the Ave Maria the following 
prayer : "Lord save us from the Devil, the Turk, and the 
Comet ;" and once a day these persons were cursed. The 
comet at length showed signs of retreat, and Europe 
breathed more freely when it vanished from tlie skies. 

Rossenberg says : "In the year 1527, about four in the 
morning, not only in the Valley of the Rhine, but over 
nearly all Europe, appeared for about an hour and a quar- 
ter a most horrible comet. Its tail was of a bloody color, 
inclining to saffron. From the top of its train appeared a 
bended arm, in the hand whereof was a huge sword in 
the instant posture of striking. At the point of the sword 
was a star. From the star proceeded"smaller swords as if 
covered with blood, between which appeared human faces 
of the color of blackish clouds with rough hair and beards. 
All these moved with such sparkling aud brightness that 
many spectators swooned with fear." — Selected. 



THE 



irOTJ3SrC3- LA-IDIES 

ooIjTj:]vi:it. 



Bcsolutions of the Nephi Young Ladies'' Co-operative Re- 
trenchment Association, Organized December 1th, 1870. 
jResolved: That we, the daughters of Zion residing in 
Nephi, realizing in a measure the duties and responsibili- 
ties devolving upon us, do mutually agree to sustain each 
other in all good works, and it shall be our daily duty to 
gain wisdom and knowledge that we may become useful 
in doing good. 

Sesolvcd: That we will uphold and sustain those that 
are placed in authority over us ; that inasmuch as it is the 
counsel of our beloved President Brigham Young to let 
our dress be plain and neat, and to cease following the 
fashions of the world, we will eudoavor to profit by such 
counsel that we may gain the good will of our heavenly 
Father and all good Saints. 

Resolved: That we will be kind and indulgent to all ami 
not speak lightly of one another ; strive to set an example 
worthy of imitation; associate with the pure, the virtuous 
and the good ; aud shun evil society and evil communica- 
tions. 

Resolved: That we will not neglect our prayers, nor 
speak lightly of the sacred ordinances of the house 
of the Lord. That we will observe the word of wisdom ; 
strive to obtain useful knowledge from all good books; 
and that we will, by the aid of the Holy Spirit, not (jnly 
profess, but seek diligently to live our religion. 

Miss Thukz.4. Maria Haklev, President, 

Miss Maby G. Reid, I 

Miss Makia Toi.lkv, I 

Miss Maky Axx Ockiov, | Couusoloi-s. 

Miss Maky Amani>a Mim.eh, I 

Miss Jane I). Rouuow.man, J 

Miss Mary Amklia GuLUsnuoucii, Irons r. 

Miss Martha Ann Pond, Secretary. 



9fy^ 



^C9 




0" TJ'V" E ItTI Xj El Ilsr-STI^TJOTOI^. 



I 

21% 






CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1S71. 




11! Sixth Volume of the Juvenile In- 
STKUOTOii — it is with heartfelt wishes for 
,-f the well-being and future jn'ospcrity of 
our readers that we eomnienee its publi- 
I'atiou. (,)ur ae(|uaintaneo with them, 
through its columns, has been of a fami- 
liar and cxeeedingly jileasant cliaracter, 
;(nd we hoi)e that it will continue to be so 
and that nothing will occur to mar that 
harmony which should exist between an 
editor and his jiatrons. 

look liack to our boyhood and distin(.-tly 
lememlier the various impressions made upon 
^~4 our mind by the perusal of books aud papers 
placed in our hands. The delight with which 
some of these imjiressions were received has not 
passed away or grown dim with the intervening 
lapse of years ; that feeling will live as long as the 
memory retains its jtower and the S]iirit of God 
continues to find jilace in the heart. Children, who have not 
been utterly jiervcrtcd, naturally take ]ilcasure in reading 
about goodness, virtue and truth. ])eseribe to them the lives 
and actions of noble, truthful men and women, who were true 
to God, to the truth and to their fellow-creatures, without 
regard to consequences even though it cost them life itself, and 
such descrii)tions possess a groat charm for them. It is 
natural for children, and grown-up people too, to admire men 
ami women of trutli. courage aud fortitude. When they read 
their lives and become familiar with their actions, they have a 
wish to be like them. What child ever read the life of Joseph, 
who was sold into Kgypt, or of Daniel, who was carried captive 
to IJabylon, or of Xi'phi, who was so mighty in leading his 
father's hou.sehold and tho.sc who were with them to this con- 
tinent, of the hoys who were called the "sons of Helaman," 
without having a desire in his heart to imitate them and to 
grow u)) to be sucli a man as they were? It is a well-established 
fact that books wliidi give glowing descriptions of the feats of 
liigliwaynicn and robbers, have had such an effect upon the 
minds of boys who have read tlu'm that they have commenced 
trj steal and rob, seemingly lilled with a desire to imitate these 
noted sco\nidrels. If such books were to tell the truth about 
these men. to des<'nbe the horrors of their lives and the terri- 
ble consciiufinees whi<'h attend a course of crime, very few, if 
any, Ikivs would ever feel inclined to do as they did, Tlicy 
would shrink back with fear and disgust from the thought of 
entering upon such a career. 

Our great desire for the Jijvkmi.k T.ssTKL-fTiiH is that the 
inipres-sions which it makes upon the minds of its readers may 
be of the delightful character sjjoken of We want all its 
lc.s,<ons to have an elevating effect, to inspire every heart with 
gooil desires and righteous detcnuinati(ms, to make boys and 
girls feel resolved to be virtuous, temperate and godlike ; and 
to so imprcs.s tlicir minds with its teachin;.'s that in years to 
conic they will look back and think with delight of its ])agcs 
and their contcnt.s. 
To increase the circulation of the Jlve.nii.k Instkictoh, 



and to place it within the reach of all, we have reduced its 
price. Volume Six will be pul)lishcd at $2,. 50 ; and where 
cash is paid in advance a liberal discount will be allowed. 
Bishops, Superintendents and Teachers of Schools and Parents, 
we shall be pleased to have your aid in increasing the circida- 
tion of this little paper. We feel confident that it will do good 
wherever read, and that those who take it will never regret the 
amount they pay for its subscription. 




=* (^-J*cli^ S we have entered upon a new year, a 
^ ■ ' few words upon this subject will not be 
out of jilace in this number. It is not 
generally known that about one hundred 
and nineteen years ago, New-Year's was 
celebrated oU the li.Oth of March in Eng- 
land and in all her colonies on this con- 
^^ tineut. From the 14'th century uji to the 
,^ change of style in 1752, the year, instead 



oi' beginning, as it-does with us at present, 
-in the first of January, began on the 25tli of 
."March. In the State of Rhode Island to this 
day, it is said, all farm and other leases date 
from the day of the ancient New Year, namely, 
the -i.Sth of March. This time of commencing 
the year was found to be inconvenient in England, 
.di^\ tt' autl during the reign of George II. an act of parlia- 
ji% «v^^ ment was passed by which the year 1751, commene- 
"W;§'** ing on the 25th of IMarch, came to an end on the last 
* day of December ; by which means that year was a 

very short one, being only a few days over nine months long. 
At the same time a change was made from what is known as 
the "old style" to the "new style." We will endeavor to ex- 
plain this to our readers, for many of them may, in reading 
biography and history, meet with dates followed by the letters 
O. S. and not know the meaning of them. 

In the days of Julius Cwsar, who lived at Rome a short 
time before the Savior was born in Palestine, the length of the 
year had been so badly adjusted that the spring came in what 
the calendar called the summer. In the year 4t) before Jesus 
was born, Julius Ciesarmade a change in the calendar, and in 
the arrangement of the j'ear. This is known as the "Julian 
calendar." By this arrangement the year was called 3051 
days. For three years there would be 365 days, and in the 
fourth year, the four quarters of a day would uiake that year 
one day longer, that is, it would be 360 days long ; or as we 
say it would be Leap Year. This calendar of .Julius Cresar's 
was used all over Eurojie until 15S2, in fact, it is still used in 
the Russian empire. But you must know that a real year is 
not 3051 days. A year is 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes, 49-7 
seconds. You perceive, therefore, that Julius C'resar's calen- 
dar made the year about 1 1 minutes too long. In the course 
of hundreds of years these 11 minutes made a great difference. 
Indeed by the j-ear l.")82 the difference had amounted to ten 
days. So to have this error corrected, Gregory XIII. , who 
was I'ope of Rome at the time, issued a writing in which it 
was ordered that the 5th day of October, 1582, sho\dd be 
calledthe 15th, and that the years 170U, 1800, and lUOO should 
not be accounted leap years. This is called the "Gregorian 
calendar. ' ' 

The Catholic nati(jns soon adopted this change, and there 
was witnessed the strange spectacle of peojile, whose countries 
joined each other, calling the .same day by dift'erent dates; 
just as is the case now with Russia and the nations of Europe 
which lie next to it. One reason that IJussia has for not ac- 
cepting this Gregorian calendar is this : the hhuperor of Rus- 
sia is the head of the Greek church, and there is a strong 



^^' 



■p^^ 



cr TJ "V" E :]^ I Xj El iisrsTi^TJOTOi?/, 



feeling of dislike in that church to the church of Rome ; 
therefore, Russia cannot stoop to accept any correction from 
the Pope, who is the head of that church. It was, probably, 
this reason which kept the Protestant nations of Europe so 
long from accepting that calendar ; but, convinced at last that 
it was best, they made the change. In England and in her 
colonies the change in the New Year and the change in the 
calendar was made by the same law. The New Year was 
changed from the 2oth of March to the 1st of January, and 
September ord, 1752, was changed to September 14tli, by 
which change eleven days were omitted. When the letters 0. 
S. follow a date, therefore, it means that it is that date under 
the old style of reckoning. For instance, if we should read 
that a certain event occurred, or a certain man was born, Oct. 
16, 1752, 0. S., we should know that the date as wo now 
reckon would be eleven days later, that i.s, Oct. 27th, 1752. 
After the English I'arliamemt changed the year, many histor- 
ical events which occurred between the 1st of January and the 
25th of March were represented thus: January 21st, 175(1-7; 
February 23rd, 1772-3 ; March 22nd, 1768-9 ; the first year is 
the old style , the second the new style. 



IT is with great regret that we send out the present num- 
ber of the Juvenile Instkuctou without engravings. 
We fully expected to have had them before the time we 
stated for publication ; but though ordered sometime ago, 
and forwarded, they have not yet come to liaiul, and, 
reluctantly, we are compelled to go to press without them. 
We shall make up for the detieieney of this number in 
this respect by publishing more engravings in future num- 
bers. 



jvrissi03srj^K.3r sicErcHizEs. 



PROBABLY there have been no "days which tried 
men's souls" more, since the organization of the 
Church in this age, than those of 1837, when apostasy 
raged in Kirtland, and apostles and other leading men 
became the open and bitter enemies of the prophet Josejjh. 
Right in the midst of a stake of Zion the most unpopular 
thing a man could then do was to obey the counsel of the 
prophet and to defend his character and his course. It 
was at this time that the first mission to England was 
organized, and Elders Heber C. .Kimball, Orson Hyde, 
Willard Richards, Joseph Fielding, John Snider and two 
other brethren left the shores of America to visit the old 
world and to carry the gospel to its teeming millions. 
About the same time. Elder Wilford Woodruff was led to 
take a mission to New England. He counseled with 
Brother Kimball at Kirtland upon the subject, who re- 
commended him to go, and accompanied by Elder Jona- 
than H. Hale, he started. Like the other elders who 
were willing to go on missions to preach the gospel and 
to sustain Joseph in his position as persideut of the 
Church, he was reviled, abused and cursed by the apos- 
tates for what they termed his folly. The most bitter 
among these was Warren Parrish, who but a short time 
before had been his companion in the ministry on a mis- 
sion to the Southern States. Because he was willing to 
go on this mission, and would not become an apostate, 
Parrish denounced him as a fool and called him very hard 
names; but this made no difference with Elder Woodruff, 
he felt that the Lord had called him to fill tliis mission, 
and he was determined to go. 

Away in the extreme north-east corner of our Republic 
lies tlie State of Maine. If you will consult your atlas.ses, 
you will find a river by the name of Penobscot in tliat 



State. It empties into the ocean and forms a bay, which 
is called by the same name. In that bay you will find a 
little group of islands, which are known as Fox Islands. 
The inhabitants are a hardy, frugal race, many of them 
sailors and fishermen, whose lives are spent in battling 
with the wild waves and breakers of the mighty Atlantic. 
Neither Elder Woodruff nor Elder Hale had ever been on 
Fox Islands and they knew no one who resided there ; 
but Elder Woodruff had heard of them, for he had been 
in the State of Maine, and he felt led to go there and preach 
the gospel. Tliat was a time of poverty. The members 
of the Church were generally poor, and apostasy prevailed 
so much that people who were not strong in the faith felt 
to do but little to help the Elders. It .seemed like a great 
undertaking at tliat time to go such a distance, without 
friends and acquaintances and witliout purse and scrip, to 
preach the gospel. But Elder Woodruff had proved the 
Lord, and being called by Him to take this mission, he 
went forth without hesitation or doubt, knowing that He 
who had called him was abundantly able to feed and 
clothe him and to raise him up friends. We shall not 
attempt to describe their journey from Kirtland to the 
Islands or any of the circumstances connected with it. 
But will commence with their landing at Vinal Haven, 
one of tlie Islands, at 2 o'clock one Sunday morning, at a 
time when everybody was in bed. Rather an awliward 
time for persons to land in a place or country where they 
are acquainted ; but doubly so in a strange place, without 
friends and without money. This was the case with 
Elders Woodruff and Hale ; they landed without a cent of 
money. The first house they came to was an empty one ; 
at the next they succeeded in awakening the inmates, and 
informing them that they were travelers in want of lodg- 
ing, obtained shelter and a bed. When they arose they 
inquired of the lady of the house if there was any religion, 
or any minister or Church in that neighborhood, and was 
told that at a place about two or three miles distant tliere 
was a Baptist Meeting House. To this they repaired, and 
arrived thereafter the afternoon meeting had commenced. 
Finding a deacon at the door they sent him to the minis- 
ter to inform him that two servants of God were there who 
had a nressage for that people. The preacher told him to 
request them to come up to the stand. At hearing which 
they marched up through the congregation, with their 
valises under their arms, to where the minister stood. 
Before tire meeting was dismissed, they requested the 
privilege of preaching to the people, which he granted and 
notice was given to the congregation that the strangers 
would address them at 4 o'clock that afternoon. After his 
meeting was dismissed, the minister, wliose name was 
Newton, invited ihe ciders to go home witli him. What 
strange changes there are in the circumstances of traveling 
Elders! A few hours previously they had landed on this 
island, without money or friends, and now they had an 
appointment for meeting, a prospect of having a numer- 
ous congregation to listen to them, and were the guests of 
the minister! But how would he feel when he learned 
they were Latter-day Saints? Ministers of popular sects 
do not generally feel to extend favor or hospitality to 
Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
They look upon them as enemies ; when they hear the 
message which tliey have to deliver, they perceive at once 
that their craft is in danger, and tluit if tliey succeed, they 
must bid farewell to their salaries and the comfortable 
living which tliey obtain from their congregati(jns. ]\Ien 
generally do not like to have their living interfered with. 
If they are making money, they like to continue to do so, 
and if any one interrupts tlieni, tliey are apt to get angry. 
We have lately seen an ilhistiation of this in this city, 
among those who called themselves Latter-day Saints. 



& 



•J^^l 



k'* 




cr TJ "V" Ei<r I LE i:]srsTi^TJGToi^. 



(^ 



'I 



Presideut Young counseled the people to establish co- 
operative stores for the sale of goods. They did so, aud 
some of the merehauts whose trade was interfered with 
by this Institution, apostatized and became the ojjen 
enemies of President Youn.ij: and the jieople, and have 
since done all in their power to destroy the people. 

The Lord doubtless softened the h.>art of Mr. Newton to 
enable His servants to accomplish their mission; for, as 
soon as they entered the house, Kro. Woodruff took out 
his JJible, Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants, 
aud laid them on the table. Mr. Xewton took them up 
and examined them, but made no remaiks about them. 

At theappointed time the people assembled, and a full 
congregation was in attendance. Elder WoodrufT spoke 
for an hour and a iiuarter upou the fulness of the gospel, 
its restoration to the earth Ijy the ministration of angels 
and kindred subjects, and Elder Hale bore testimony to 
what he had said. The people listened attentively, and 
when the meeting was dismissed the Elders were invited 
liome by Mr. Newton. This island was about twelve 
miles long and four wide, and there were live school 
houses upon it. In these Elder "Woodrutf held meetings 
in the daytime and evenings, preaching some seventeen 
times in the space of ten days. Of course such an amount 
of preaching had the effect to convince mauy of the truth- 
They believed the testimony which they heard, and 
tliough the Elders were strangers when they landed, that 
ten ilays had been sutHoieut to create them many friends. 

[To be conHimrd.] 



i=s.A.ir j^i>rjD ipj^hstt isroT. 





OME persons, when they call for tli3 K'.do r 
to admhiister to them, lose all faith and 
lec-omc discouraged if they arc not healed 
immediately. So also if they ask the Lord 
to bestow upon them something. Tliey 
want him to give it to them right away, 
and if he docs not, they give up and lose 
confiilencc. Now this is not right. Jesus 
taught his disciples and the people that 
y ought to always pray and .not to faint, 
explained the principle by relating a para- 
to them. There was an unjust judge, who 
cared not God, neither regarded man. lie 
,vas teased by a poor widow to avenge her 
s ; be bec;ime so tired of hearing her that he 
ed to grant her rcijucst, lest slie, as he said, 
liy licr continual coming, should weary huu. Now, 
if the unjust judge could l>e moved by the entreaties 
of the poor widow, how much more likely will the Lord be to 
listen to the repeated petitions of the people I 

^\'hen a \K>y the writer had a very severe attack of nervous 
headache. So violent was it, that at times, it was as though 
the jiain would drive him crazj-. lie could not bear to Jiear 
the slightest noise, and if he moved, it seemed as though his 
head would split. He had the elders administer to him re- 
jieatcdly, and always received relief from that ordinance; but 
only for a .short time. The pain would soon return as violent- 
ly as before. This continued for several days. One morning 
he felt >tri>ngly imprcs.^ed to ask again to have hands laid upon 
him. lie was living with his uncle, and he rcfjucstcd him to 
administer to him. He did .so, and the suficrcr obtiiined 
immediate relief; and what w;i,s Letter tlie relief was jjerma- 
nent. He was se mui;h better that he went to the barn, on 



the floor of which they were thrashing oats. He remained 
there all the forenoon, without suffering in the least from the 
noise ; and in the afternoon he went again and took hold and 
thrashed himself; he was thoroughly healed. 

M"e have often seen similar instances to this. Laying on 
hands once, twice, or three or more times, may not bring the 
desired blessing. The faith of the sick person, or of those 
who administer, may not be sutlicient to accomjilish this. But 
liy continued supplication and the exercise of faith it u)ay be 
obtained. It is the case very frecjuently that laying on hands 
once is attended with instiuit results, and the sick are healed. 
But if they should not be, we should not be discouraged. 80, 
also, children when you pray. Cuutiiuie to ask in faith for 
the blessings you desire, and when the projier time arrives for 
you to have them, they will be liestowed upou you. You 
"ought always to pray, aud not to fliint." 



h: I s 



o i-i xj I?, o h: . 



T H: IB 



E have, in the past volumes of the Juvenile In- 
STKUCTOK, endeavored to give you a biography of the 
Prophet Joseph Smith. Those of our readers who have 
followed us in that history [have obtained many particu- 
lars concerning his life, the building up and spread of the 
Church, and the trials, persecution and ditUculties the 
Saints have had to contend with, which are of great 
interest to all who love the truth. We feel that we have 
not done the great Prophet of the last dispensation the 
justice that he merits, not because we do not have the dis- 
position to do so, but because we have not the ability. It 
requires more than mortal knowledge to grasp the full 
value to the human race of such a life as his. With our 
present knowledge who can jjroperly estimate the effect 
the qualities which he possessed and exhibited have had 
upon mankind? The biographer and historian can des- 
cribe scenes, circumstances aud events ; but when they go 
beyond this in the case of a man like the Prophet Joseph, 
and attempt to show all the benefits aud results accom- 
plished by his life aud labors, the description fails to be 
complete from the fact that his life and labors still con- 
tinue to exert their influence upon mankind, and will do 
so throughout all time, and, shall we not say, throughout 
eternity too? 

We shall now turn our attention to the history of the 
Church from the date of the occurrences described in our 
last numbers. There arc many events and circumstances 
connected with this history which possess very great in- 
terest to all Latter-day Saints, aud with which the chil- 
dren should become familiar. We shall endeavor, with 
the help of the Spirit, to make these as plain aud simple 
to their understandings as we can, so that the reading 
will afford both protit and pleasure to all. We have con- 
sulted with President Young about calling this the Bio- 
graphy of Brigham Young; but his feelings are that it 
should be called the history of the Church. He is, how- 
ever, the most prominent figure in this history, and 
though it may not be called his history, there will neces- 
sarily be mauy details given of his life in describing 
scenes aud transactions in whicli he hivs acted so conspicu- 
ously. 

The grandfather o{ Presideut Brighan\ Young was 
Joseph Vouug, who wa,s a physician and surgeon in what 
is known as the I'^rcnch and Indian war. He was killed 
by an acci<lent in 17(i'.J. John Young, the father of the 
Presideut, was born March 7th, ITtili, in Hofkintou, Massa- 
chusetts. Wlieu sixteen years of age lie enlisted in the 
revolutionary army, and served under General Washing- 
ton. He saw considerable service, as he was in three 
campaigns in his native State and in New Jersey. When 



^^ 




<J TJ "V El n^ I L El II>rSTI^TJOa?OI?>, 




about 22 years of age (1785) be married Nabby Howe. 
Slic became the mother of eleven children — live sons and 
six daugliters. In the order of tlieir birth, their names 
were: Nancy, Fanny, Rhoda, John, Nabby, Susannah, 
Joseph, Phinehas Howe, Brigham, Louisa and Lorenzo 
Dow. In January, 1801, the family moved from Hojikin- 
ton to Whitingliam, Windham county, Vermont, at 
which place President Brigham Young was born June 1st, 
1801. Here they dwelt three years, and then moved to 
Slierburn, Chenango county. State of New York. In 
tliose days that country was a comparative wilderness, and 
the labor of opening farm-i, cultivating the earth and pro- 
viding the means of subsistence was very severe. Com- 
forts were not so plentiful in those days as they are in 
ours. Machinery has wrought wonders since then in 
multiplying and cheapening many articles by which the 
comfort of the poor is greatly increased. In a new coun- 
try even now the life of a settler is one of toil, an J in 
many instances, privation ; but it was particularly so in 
the days of the President's childhood. Then there were 
no railroads, no telegraph wires, no means of speedy com- 
munication between the country and the cities. The peo- 
ple had to depend upon horses and oxen to carry them 
from place to place, as we who live in this country had to 
do until the railroad was built. Money also was very 
scarce. The President's father followed farming, and 
worked hard at clearing new land ; he and his family 
endured all the toils, privations and hardships which 
were incident in those days to a settler's life. 
(To be0ontinued.) 



J^ JDJ^S^Xl<rG- IFIE^T. 



^^. 



ONE of the most wonderful robberies ever perpetrated — 
the most wonderful, at least, when one considers the 
means at the disposal of the robber — was the achievement 
of a Frenchman, who for a long time after it was recog- 
nized in his profession, as "the king of the bandits." 

His claim to this title was based upon a single exploit — 
the robbing of a diligence, which feat he not only planned, 
but carried into successful execution, without any assis- 
tance whatsoever. To do this he made all his arrange- 
ments with the most careful completeness, and, we may 
be sure, fixed a night for the attack when the coachman 
carried a freight worth robbing. He studied carefully the 
country through which the journey was to be made, and 
selected a point on the road where tliere was a very steep 
hill, with hedges and underwood at either side. He then 
procured a number of stout sticks about the length and 
thickness of a gun barrel. These he stuck into the hedges, 
letting the ends of tliem appear as if they were the mnz- 
les of guns directed by persons in ambuscade behind the 
hedge. As the diligence was toiling up the hill, the driver 
saw a man standing on the pathway, and gesticulating 
yiolently. On approaching nearer the man could be 
heard distinctly haranguing them, "Ready! Obey order! 
No firing if there be no resistance!" And then the rob- 
ber walked slowly forward, stopped the horses, told the 
guard to get down and to lie with his face and hands on 
the ground, and that uo violence would be ottered him. 
He then went to the door of tlie vehicle, and assuring the 
ladies, who were screaming for help, that they need be 
uiuler no alarm, begged each passenger, as ho stepped out, 
to hand him hjs jjurse, and then to lie down on his face 
and hands near the guard. While this drama was being 
enacted, the robber-chief kept shouting to his assistants 
not to (ire unless thei-e was resistance ; not to fire until 
they should get his signal. Thus, one by one, ho handed 
all the passengers out, each giving up his purse as if it 
were a ticket, and then going and lying upon the wet 



grass side by side with the guard. When the diligence 
was empty, our highwayman retired with all the mov- 
able property he desired to possess himself of, and escaped 
through the wood The most amusing part of the story 
was that amongst the travelers were several officers fully 
armed, who surrendered their swords at discretion, and 
joined the other dupes on the grass. It is well to add 
that the robber was ultimately apprehended, and the 
greater part of the stolen property was found upon him. — 
Sclcclcd. 



METiron. — Method is essential, and enables a larger 
amount of work to be got through with satisfaction. 
"Method," said Cecil (afterwards Lord Burleigh), "is 
like packing things in a box ; a good packer will get in 
half as much again as a bad one." Cecil's dispatch of 
business was extraordinary, his maxim being, "The 
shortest way to do many things is to do only one tiling at 
once;" and he never left a thing undone with a view of 
recurring to it at a period of more leisure. When business 
pressed he rather chose to encroach on his hours of meals 
and rest than omit any part of his work. Do Witt's 
maxim was like Cecil's: "One thing at a time." "If," 
said he. "I have any necessary dispatches to make, I 
think of nothing else till they are finished ; if any domes- 
tic afTairs require my attention, I give myself wholly up 
to them till they are set in order." Dispatch comes with 
practice. A French minister, who was alike remarkable 
for his dispatch of business and his constant attendance at 
places of amusement, being asked how he contrived to 
combine both objects, replied, "Simply by never postpon- 
ing till to-morrow what should be done to-day." Lord 
Brougham has said that a certain English statesman 
reversed the process, and that his maxim was, never to 
transact to-day what could be postponed till to-morrow. 
Unhappily, such is the practice of many besides that 
minister, already almost forgotten ; the practice is that of 
the indolent and the unsuccessful. Such men, too, are 
apt to rely upon agents, who are not always to be relied 
upon. 



Drowning the Squikrei>.— When I was about six 
years old, one morning going to school, a ground-squirrel 
ran into his hole in the ground liefore me. They like to 
dig holes in some place where they can put out their 
heads to see if danger is near. I thought, now I shall 
have tine fun. As there was a stream of water just at 
hand, I determined to pour water into the hole till it 
should be full, and force the little animal to come out, so 
tliut I might kill it. I was soon pouring water in on the 
poor squirrel. I could hear it struggle, and said: 

"Ah, my fine fellow, I will soon have you out now." 

Just then I heard a voice behind me: 

"Well, my boy, what have you got there?" 

I turned and saw one of my neighbors, a good old man, 
with long, white locks, that had seen sixty winters. 

"Well," said I, "tliere is a ground s(iuirrel in here and I 
am going to drown him out." 

Said he: 

"Jonathan, when I was a little boy, more than fifty 
years ago, I was engaged one day, just as you are, drown- 
ing a S(iuirrel ; and an old man, such as I am, came along 
and said to me, 'You are a little boy. Now, if you were 
down ill a narrow liok' like that, and 1 sliould C()me and 
pour water down upon you, wouM you not think [ was 
cruel? Ood made tlie little s(|uiiTcI, .-ind life is as sweet to 
it as to you. Why torture to death a little innocent crea- 
ture that (xod ha-s'made?'" He added: "I have never for- 



IQ^ 





vT TJ -V^ E IsT I L E in^STI^TJOTOI^ 



gottea that, and never shall. Now, my dear boy, I want 
you to remember tliis as lonjr as you live ; and when 
tempted to destroy any little animal or bird, to tliiuk of 
what I have said. God does not allow us to liill liis crea- 
tures for our pleasure." 

More than forty years have since passed, and I have 
never forgotten what the good old man said, nor have I 
ever wantonly kUled the least animal for anuisiinent 
since. Now, you see, it is ninety years since this advice 
was first given, and it has not lost its ctlect yet. How 
many little creatures it has saved from being tortured to 
death, I cannot tell, liut I have no doubt a great number, 
and I believe my wliole life has been inllueiiced l>y it.— 
Seltvtcd. 






aa;".a.k:e! 



TJ^', LITTLE 
SIE." 



BES- 



Pastsix o'clock in Ibe morning, 

And Bessie is still sound asleep; 
Of this wonJerful, ro.sy dawning 

Sbe's bad not so much as a peep, 
The birds 'ueath her wiudow are wild 

With their efforts to waken the world ; 
They think 'tis an indolent child 

Under the coverlid curled. 

For they have been up since the dawn 

With rosy touch painted the east. 
And from hillside, meadow, and lawn, 

Have gathered their morning feast ; 
Have poured out the joy of their hearts 

In many a sweet roundelay ; 
And now they are lonely for Bessie, 

And are calling her out to her play. 

"Wake up, little Bessie!" they cry, 

"And spring from your soft downy nest, 
The sun is far up in the sky, 

The fresh air out here is the best. 
At the very lirst glimmer of light 

That tipped the gray hills far away. 
We sunggoodbye to the night, 

And welcomed the fair, rosj' day. 

"We flocked to your window in crowds, 
And tapped with our beaks on the pane , 

We gave you a grand matinee, 
Then back to our home flow again ; 

We bathed in the brook 'ueath the hdl. 
And dresseil all our feathers with care. 

We are back to your wiudow, and still 
Find you sleeping so lazily there. 

"The robin is picking his berry, 

The woodpecker taps at the tree, 
The tbrusli on the bough of the cherry. 

Calls loudly for you and for me; 
Then wake, little girl, in the morning, 

Whnn the llowers are all bathing in dew, 
When the wonderlul beauty belonging. 

To young life, is Ircsb, bright ami new." 



IDA.3yEE IDI I\^:FT-iE. 

I,itlle dame Dimple, so merry and wise, 
.Shaking your tan^'led locks over your eyosj 
What are you plotting this sunshiny day, 
Under the iippio trtes over the way 7 




All the birds you know, you queer little elf. 
Sometimes I think you're a birdie yourself; 
Chasing tbe honey bees home as they pass, 
Watching the crickets that chirp in the grass. 

Where is your sunbonnet, dainty and neat? 
Where are the shoes for your bare little feet? 
Little brown fingers that hid them so well. 
What will you do if your secret I tell? 

One chubby hand holds the frock at your knee, 
Filled full of treasures most womlrous to see. 
Beetles that crawled in the dust at your feet, 
Grasshoppers, pebbles, and clover-hei-ds sweet. 

See ! there's a butterfly gleaming like gold, 
Down goes the frock with its riches untold ! 
Dear little Dimple, we older folks too, 
Drop our old treasures to reach for the new. 



Golden Rules for the Hoire Ciuole. 1. Avoid all ex- 
pressions which tend to irritate, embarrass, mortify {ov pain 
any meiuljer of the family. 2. Never allude to auy fault or 
failing, unless with the purjiose to benefit, and then in private. 
3. Avoid sarcasm, bitter words, "sore" subjects, and refer- 
ence to any personal deformity. 4. Do not ridicule nor hold 
the opinion of others in eonteinpt. 5. trivc attention when 
addressed, and do not interrupt or speak while another is 
talking. 0. Never contradict. 7. Never scold. 8. Keep j'our 
temper. 9. Never speak in loud or querulous tones, or order 
in an arbitrary or arrogant manner, child or servant. Use no 
slang phases, nor rude, disrespectful, ])rofane or inaccurate 
language. 11. Never omit the "please" and "thank you," 
"good night," and "good morning," nor fail to gratefully 
acknowledge by some word or look every act of kindness and 
attention. These little woi'ds oil the liarsli machinery of life 
wonderfully. 

The Seven W<iN'r)Eiis. — The modern world has its 
wonders, but it would be ditlicult to determine their num- 
ber. The seven wonders of the ancient world are: First, 
the Egyptian Pyramids ; the largest of these is 6i)3 feet 
square, and otiO feet high, and its l)ase covers llj acres of 
ground. 

Second, the Mausoleum, erected to Mausolue, a king of 
Caria, l)y his widow Artemisia; it was 9o feet long, and 
3o feet high. 

Third, the Temple of Diana, at Ei^hcsus ; this was .535 
feet in length, and :i20 feet in breadth. 

Fourth, the walls and hanging gardens of BaViylon. 
These walls are stated by Herodotus to have been S,S feet 
thick, .350 feet high, and rjO miles in length, and the state- 
ment is conlirmed by modern anti<iuariaiis. 

Fifth, the Colossus at llhodes ; this was a brazen statue of 
Appollo, 10.) feet in height, standing at the mouth of the 
harbor of Khodes. 

Si.xtli, the statue of Jupiter Olymims, at Athens, which 
was made of ivory and gold, and wonderful for its beauty 
rather than its size. 

Seventh, the Pharos of Ptolemy Philadclphus ; this was 
a light-house 500 feet liigli, a wood lire being kept burn- 
ing on its summit during the night to guide ships into 
harbor. — SiltX-tfd. 



crxjATEisriXjE untstk^tjctoi^ 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVKRV OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

iS'iji//Zc Ojj'i/, per Annum ^'2 50. 

•Sintjle Otjiij, fur Hix Months 1 50, 

*3J- (irniii brmi^'lit to tills rity for thr .Ii'VKNU.i'. Instriictou will bo 
rictiveU at tlie ollirc uf our papur— Uasr.uiir Kkws iJuiLiiiNus. 




