$»lhtu to t\t fori! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JULY 5, 1873. 



NO. 14. 



BESCUED 







YOU who have attended school much must have noticed that, 
in every class, there is a great variety in the capacities of 
the pupils. Some are much quicker at mastering their lessons 
than others, and though they may not be really any smarter 
than their schoolmates they can yet show themselves off to far 
greater advantage. Some boys ^ 

have a naturally glib tongue, 
ready wit and showy exterior. 
They can master their tasks 
with ease, and they take plea- 
sure in displaying their abilities, 
and in doing so they gain 
friends and admiration. 

Another class of boys may be 
quite as smart, so far as their 
aptitude in mastering their les- 
sons and acquiring knowledge 
are concerned, but through a 
natural bashfulness, or some 
ether peculiarity of their mental 
organization, they can not show 
themselves off to advantage, 
and hence they are not so much 
admired as those first mention- 
ed, and sometimes on account 
of their seeming dullness they 
are undervalued, and are re- 
garded as boorish and stupid, 
by their more brilliant and 
showy schoolfellows. 

But after all, the boys that 
shiue most, are not always the 
most reliable or best boys; 
neither are they who can not 
shine, to be despised on that 
account, for they often possess 
th-3 most grit aud manhood, and 
it only requires some emergency 
to call it forth. We are going 
to gi/e yjii an ancolote in 
illustration of this very Princi- 
pe. The circumstances look 
place in a distant part of the 
country, the actors being pupils in a boarding school in the 
same locality. We wish you to read what follows care- 
fully, and to remember the lesson it conveys; and if 
any of you have ever been disposed to despise those 
whom you have regarded "as less smart, clever or brill- 




iant than yourselves, never be guilty of such conduct again. 

" Philip R was the slowest boy at his books and studies 

of any of those in the boarding school which he entered. He 
was thoughtful and painstaking, but he was dull and it took 
him a long time to arrive at conclusions which others reached 

by a bouud. The other boys 
made greit fun of him for his 
dullness, though in other re- 
spects he was superior to most 
of them. He bore their taunts 
good-naturedly, and when one 
of those who had ridiculed him 
uttered a piercing scream in the 
water where he was bathing, 
and sank from view, Philip, 
though he was but a poor 
swimmer, jumped in and made 
for the spot where he had seen 

G go down. The screim 

had had the effect of bringing 
back many ol the boys; and 
pale with affright they stood 

watching. They saw G 's 

figure rise to the surface, and 

R paddling with one hand, 

endeavoring to grasp it, ind 
miss it. They would have 
plunged in, dressed as they 
were, and were about to do so, 
when they saw Phil seize the 
figure of the drowning boy by 
the hair of his heid, and tow it 

slowly to land. G was 

senseless, but Phil, though he 
breathed hard, was not exhaust- 
ed. 

" ' Quick!' he cried earnestly. 
"There is not a moment to be 
lost. Cover him with every- 
thing you have, and bring him 
along.' 

"They lifted up the prostrate 
figure and moved forward as if 

they were carrying a corpse. R only waited to see them 

in motion, and then he ran. How he ran. Prippiug like 
a Newfoundland dog, he arrived at the house several 
minutes before any of the others, and when the procession 
arrived with G , all was ready for the reception and 





106 



JTTTElsriLl] INSTRUCTOR 




resuscitation of the half-drowned boy. The doctor who had 
charge of the school, was not a man who dealt much in the 
way of praise, believing that duty fiver carries with it its own 
reward; but on this occasion, as he took Phil's two hands into 
his own, he said with a trembling lip, ' You have done well, 

R . May God reward you.' 

" Although all were ready to crown him with honor, and to 
deem him the bravest of the brave, this little incident seemed 

very slightly to affect R . Between him and G there 

sprang up a friendship, deep and fervent as that between 
David and Jonathan, and the boys never agaiu ridiculed him 
because he was not naturally as bright as they were." 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



WAST E 



IvTATIEI^lAILS.- 
2nTO. 1. 






IT is not intended to write about waste of food, it is to 
be supposed that so well as the precious worth of that 
article is, or rather has been, known among us, not even a 
particle is designedly or carelessly wasted. It is of the waste 
materials that abound in large cities, more particularly in those 
where manufacturing operations are carried on, to show some of 
the uses of such things up to the present time. In Nature 
there is no waste, the tiniest particle of organized matter is 
carefully utilized. Organic beings of various types, eminently 
suited to the sphere they move in, appropriate every precious 
morsel which speedily becomes a part of their being; when this 
is not done decomposition does the work of separating the con- 
stituents of the substance into their primitive elements, so that 
they may again be free to operate in the great work of creation. 
Nitrogen compounds, carbonic acid, oxygen and other com- 
pounds, all the parts of bodies that, in their proximate princi- 
ples, are compound bodies, may pass into new states of being 
and as such be utilized. Animal and vegetable food is thus 
decomposed (digested) and re-vitalized (assimilated). 

But observacion, and necessity, especially, has shown to man 
that organized matter is, even when in the most refuse, unser- 
viceable and perhaps repulsive for n, a thing of value. With 
what earnestness and eloquence have the uses of rags been 
lately shown forth from the pulpit and the press. Rags are 
only one f >rm of waste material; other materials may find uses 
and be equally cared for. Suppose anyone were to inform us 
that tons of fat, a very valuable substance, are wasted in this 
Territory every year; as well as hundreds of valuable hides of 
animals, and bones enough to grind into soluble phosphates to 
fertilize every acre of ground we cultivate, it would be true. 
Hut it is not so in some cities, and, with increased necessities 
and means, it is probable by and by these things may be 
utilized here. Some soap is made of our waste fat, and well 
made too, at the factory in the Fourth Ward; hard, honest 
soap. Hut we require a factory fifty times bigger, receptacles 
for all the dead animals, cars to carry them in so that the hides 
should not be lacerated, skinners and dressers, lime pits to take 
off the hair, furnaces to dry the blood and other refuse matter 
for manure, if soap is to be made so as to compete with 
eastern prices. 

Now it may be interesting to our little readers to know 
something about the mode of utilizing waste material, it will 
also be instructive, even some chemical details will have to 
come in too, so as to be in keeping with the subject. There 
may be, as they say, some " startling disclosures" too, which it 



will be safe to talk about here as we have none of these manu- 
factories yet, and, therefore, no private interests to attack. For, 
Mr. Beth has been behind the scenes in older countries than this, 
where it would be dangerous to venture to make remarks about 
the genuineness oiporJi sausages suspended in some factories for 
sale and about many other things besides. As to sausages, one 
old gentleman, quite a connoisseur in such things, before he 
partook of such delicacies would invariably satisfy himself as to 
the locality where they were bought. If replies to his interro- 
gations did not indicate the abode of an honest salesman, the 
remark was invariably, "I don't care about them sausages." 
We don't want such sausage makers here, anyway, to utilize 
our dead animals; it is pleasant to live in a city where, we may 
hope, no such inquiries have to be made about articles of food, 
especially. 

But there are many uses for the parts of a dead horse that 
pay well the manufacturer. Hair-cloth, mattresses, plumes, 
wigs — these are made of the hair. Leather, cordovan, a valua- 
ble upper leather — this is made from the hide. Glue and 
tendons of animals — this branch of industry is pursued here, 
tanning also, to a limited extent. The meat could be dressed 
for food for poultry, in the old countries it is prepared for dogs 
aud cats. The intestines for catgut and lariats, in a small 
quantity for covering sausages. The fat for oil of various 
kinds, soaps, etc. The bones for "bone-ash," for cupelling 
and fertilizing, in most countries for knife-handles, etc., 
for phosphorus, super-phosphate of lime and bone-dust for 
manuring land. Hoofs are used for making snuff-boxes, but- 
tons, combs, etc., the refuse for chemical purposes. Shoes — 
every body kuows the value of iron. Dr. Playfair, in enumer- 
ating all these thing, takes especial care not to tell the public 
what becomes of the heart and tongue, he only states that " it 
is a mystery." Even in this city fifteen dollars has been 
realized by the various products resulting from the operations 
upon a dead horse that was, otherwise, desined to fester by 
our wavside ! Beth. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
A BOY'S VOYAGE IR/DTJIsriD 

tbzie wonkier). 

(Continued.) 



WE hove up anchor, Sunday the 15th of September, 1850, 
and beat down Vineyard Bay, a steady breeze blowing 
right into our teeth. As the ship was "put about" a great 
many times, several of us learned a "sheet from a "tack" and 
a "brace" from a "bowline," and our blistered hands burned 
as if we had been handling hot coals all day. During the 
afternoon the captain and mate chose watches. I was chosen 
as one of the starboard watch (the captain's). This over, the 
"old man" had a "talk" to us in rathe!' a plain way, commenc- 
ing by informing us that we were all very green, but it would 
not be his fault if we were not "old plants" before the voyage 
was over. We were to come when called, go where sent, and 
always to remember in our answers that the officers had 
"handles" to their names, and always to pass them to leeward. 
If we did right wc should get along first rate together, if not he 
would "haze" us; he would make the ship a h— 11 for all 
"soldiers." The Maria had made two or three poor voyages, 
he had come on board to change her luck, and he did not 
intend to return home without a "full ship." We could do it 
if we only set our hearts on it, and whether we did or not he 
would make us. Said he, "recollect I want no sleeping on 
deck during your watch; if you do, you lose your watch below 
for a month. Now, go below the watch, you have eight hours 
on deck to-night." 

And down below we, of the starboard, went in silence, most 
of, if not all, the boys already repenting of their folly in going 





J TJ "V E IsT I L E IUSTRUOTOB. 



107 





to sea. The captain's talk did not cheer them any, in fact, -when 
once in the forecastle, many did not hesitate to give vent to 
their feelings in terms not very complimeLjt:iry to that gentleman 
aud the whaling fraternity generally. As for myself, I felt too 
bad, too home-sick and full of grief, to give utterance to my 
thoughts. Some of the boys lit their pipes and smoked, some 
attacked the "kid" containing the "salt junk," the sea air 
already giving them an appetite; others commenced "rigging" 
themselves in their "sou-westers" and "monkey jackets," for 
their night watch. There was some novelty keepiug watch at 
night to most of us, it was Paul Jones-like. The Buccaneers 
doubtless kept watch at night, it was a little romantic and 
sailor-like, we had read about it, it was a change, it was new, 
we had dreamed of it and pictured it in our mind with all the 
charms fancy could lend, but alas! we never had experienced 
or even dreamt of the stern reality. I felt weary and tired. 
We had worked hard all day pulling and hauling, and my hands 
were all blistered. I would much rather have turned into my 
''bunk" and lost my sorrows in sleep, but I already realized 
that I was no longer my own master, but a slave for the next 
three or four years, should God in His mercy permit me to 
live. I tried to wash down my feelings with a cup of tea, 
but bah ! such tea — made of peach leaves and Prussian blue. 
I could not stomach it. "Hank" recommended a little 
molasses in it to improve the taste, but it was no go, the 
sweetening made it as nauseating as salts and senna. 

"Eight bells below there," shouted the officer on deck, and 
the old ship's bell commenced its ding-ding, denoting the hour 
of eight p. m., and the time to relieve the watch; and the star- 
board watch, with their pipes, "sou-westers" and new "mon- 
kiy jackets," emerged from the tobacco and bilge-water 
stinking forecastle, with high hopes, sad hearts and sore hands 
and sorry thoughts of the life before them. One boy was sent 
to relieve the wheel, for already the officers had commenced 
teaching us to steer, by keeping one of us at the helm, under 
the direction of a boat-steerer. 

"What's vour name?" said the fourth mate to me. 
„ «G- M , sir," I replied. 

"Well, my eyes, you've got name enough. Just jump on 
the ta' gallant forecastle, and keep a sharp lookout that we 
don't run anything down, and look ye, if you go to sleep I'll 
keep you on deck all day to-morrow." 

"Ay, ay, sir," I answered, and mouuted the forecastle for a 
two hours' lookout, though I must say I could have told Mr. 

M not to be over anxious as to our ruuning anything down 

for the wind had died away to a perfect calm, and the full, 
round moon shone with a brightness I never saw before. I 
walked the forecastle deck, fore aud aft. trying hard to look ou 
the bright side of things, but thoughts of home would come up 
and almost choke me. Tears came to my eyes in spite of me, 
and as they rolled down my cheeks I brushed them off, aud gazed 
over the dark aud silent sea. All seemed blank. Up in the 
sky the moon shone like burnished silver, casting its rays over 
the deep and over the shore, over home, "sweet home." I 
found that I must cry, and cry I did, fe ling better after it. 

At four bells, (ten o'clock) "Man-of-war Bill" relieved me on 
the lookout. Light puffs of wind had begun to ripple the 
water, and by twelve o'clock quite a breeze had sprung up. 
We braced the yards and, being relieved by the larboard 
watch, turned in for a four hours' sleep. (At sea the watches 
are changed every four hours, night and day.) Going on deck 
at four o'clock, I was surprised to see the top-gallant sails 
furled, and double reefs in the top sails. The wind blew pretty 
strong from the N. W., and the old Maria pitched and rulled 
considerably, making it rather awkward aud unsteady walking 
for us "greenys." I asked a boat-steerer if it was not a big 
storm blowing, but he told me "No, it was only a light breeze, 

but Captain B has taken in sail for fear you greenhorns 

might get sea-sick," 0: course I fe|t much ohliged to the 



captain, but most of the boys had already commenced to cast 
up their accounts with Neptune, 

At day light the decks were scrubbed, and at eight o'clock 
we again turned in for a sleep, all the boys, except myself aud 
two others, terribly sea-sick. 

Going on deck again at 12 m., we found the wind still blow- 
ing as stormy as when we left the deck in the morning. The • 
fore and mizzen top sails were close-reefed, and as there was 
nothing to do on deck the second mate thought it a good 
opportunity to "slush" the masts. He very kindly sent me 
aloft to do the fore-royal, fore-top-gallant and fore-top masts, 
with the hint to look out and spill none on the sails. (Slush is 
the refuse grease and fat from salt meat, collected when cook- 
ing.) This was my first venture aloft, and my feelings can 
better be imagined than described; but I performed the task 
assigned me. I slushed the masts and myself, and when I 
arrived safe on deck, although the mate smiled at my greasy 
appearance, I felt half a sailor already, and I resolved to make 
the best of a bad bargain. 

On the fourth day out, while standing at the mast head, I 
first felt that most disagreeable of all feelings — sea-sickness, 
and the agony and misery of the three following days cannot he 
expressed in language. It all seems now like a dream of 
excruciatiug torture, and I thank Heaven it has passed, and will 
say no more about it. 

On the 20th of September, during our afternoon watch, the 
royal yards and masts were sent down on deck, though at the 
time it was blowing but a moderate breeze; but the barometer 
gave indication of squally weather, and the captain, with the 
usual caution of a whaleman, commenced preparing accordingly. 
At sundown the top-gallant sails were furled, the top-sails 
close-reefed, and the main-sail furled, the flying jib unbent and 
the boom rigged-in, for by this time it was blowing a pretty 
stiff gale aud looked awfully black and heavy to windward. At 
eight o'clock, as our watch came ou deck (we had the double 
watch that night), the fore-sail and jib were furled, and at nine 
o'clock we furled the fore and mizzjn-top sails, heaving the 
ship to, under a close-reefed main-top sail and fore topmast 
stay sail. It was now blowing a perfect hurricane, with a very 
heavy se.i, and the wiud seemed to still increase in force. The 
vessel shipped several seas and labored and pitched awfully. 
At twelve our watch was relieved, and we went below, but not 
to sleep, for with the groaning of the timbers, the wiud shriek- 
ing through the rigging, the washing of the water over head, to 
say nothing of the tossing and our anxiety, sleep was impossi- 
ble. We had been below probably an hour, when the vessel 
shipped an enormous sea, carrying away the lee bulwarks, from 
the fore to the main rigging, part of the try works, galley, bow 
boat and in fact everything on deck that was not bolted extra 
fast, besides filling the forecastle knee-deep with water, aud 
seariug us poor greenys half out of our senses. All hands were 
called aft on the quarter deck, where I found it required two 
men at the wheel. It was impossible to see five feet from you 
for the spray. We had barely gained the deck when the main 
tup-sail sheet parted, and with a rattle and flash it tore through 
the end of the main yard like a stream of fire. Before we could 
man the clewlines the s;:il had blown to tatters. We attempted 
to take in the stay-sail, but the down-haul parted, and then the 
sheet and it, too, were iu ribbous in no time. The fore and 
main try-sails were set after a great deal of trouble, and the 
ship's head kept to the wiud. By daylight the gale broke, but, 
as usual, left us a very heavy sea. A new top-sail and stay- ail 
were "bent," and the fore-sail iviid dose-reefed- fore, and miz- 
zen-top-sails, set. About noon a large sloop-of-war crossed our 
bows, her fore-top mast and main-top-gallant mast gone. Dur- 
ing the afternoon we added more sail, and before night we had 
our top-gallant s;iil set, and the ship was bowling along with the 
wind on her quarter, her head pointed for the Western Islands. 

{'Jh *' r '■ '-m'inucO. ) , 





lOS 



J" TJ "V" IE UST I Tj E I1TSTETJCTOB. 





CEORCE O. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JULY 5, 1873. 



VISIT TO THIIE JL.A.JSTJD -A-ZtTUD 
HILL CDF OTJIVEOIR^IH:. 



-L-V*- 





w*-^-.^^. HILE on a recent visit to the States on 
business Brother Brighaui Young, Jun., 
and the Editor of the Juvenile Instruc- 
tor arranged to make a visit to the hill 
Cumorah — the hill where Mormon and 
Moroni secreted the records, by the com- 
mand of the Lord, which were revealed to 
the Prophet Joseph Smith, and from which 
he translated the Bjok of Mormon. As we 
were traveling eastward, we took the New 
York Central Eailroad at Buffalo for the town 
of Palmyra. This town is prettily situated on 
the New York and Erie Canal, and the railroad 
also runs close by it. Trees are cultivated 
extensively on the sides of some of the streets 
n the city lots, and some of the residences are 
very pretty and tastefully arranged. From the iudi- 
g- cations we imagined that this must be a wealthy 
country. The farms arouud are highly cultivated; 
but the land does not yield grains and fruit as it once 
It was at Palmyra that the first edition of the Book of 
Mormon was published. We put up at the leading hotel and 
engaged a carriage to take as out to Cumorah, which was about 
three miles distant from Palmyra. We took the old stage road 
to Canandaigua. The scenery on this road was exceedingly 
fine. It was a season of the year when the country was seen to 
the best advantage and its appearance called forth our admira- 
tion. Wo hid proceeded a little over a mile on the road when 
the driver of the carriage pointed out a hill to us on our left, 
which he said was "Mormon Hill." We supposed that by this 
he meant Cumorah. Though in its general appearance it 
resembled the descriptions we had had of cumorah, yet we 
were somewhat disappointed in its size, as it was not so high a 
hill as many others which we saw in the neighborhood. In 
fact, a- wo rode along, we saw several hills which we thought 
utore like what we imagined Cumorah to be than the one 
pointed out to us. We rode on for probably two miles farther, 
conversing but very little and each absorbed in his own 
reflections, when we saw, immediately in front of us. a hill 
that rose suddenly, almost precipitously, from the plain. 
Brother Brigham, Jun., remarked when we saw it: "There is 
a hill which agrees in appearance with my idea of Cumorah." 
In this opioiou the Editor coincided. The driver, hearing our 
remarks, turned to us and said: "Yes, this is Gold Bible 
Hill." We then learned that Cumorah was known through 
tin- oountry by the name of "Gold Bible Hill." We asked 
him what he meant by calling the other, which he had pointed 
our to in, "' Mormon Hill." He replied that there was a cave 
in that bill which the "Mormons'' had dug and some of them 
had lived in it, so the people said; and, therefore, it was known 
by that name. 

Close at the foot of Cumorah there is a comfortable firm 
house. The driver got permission to leave his carriage in the 
barnyard while wo climbed the hill. The hill is fenced in and 
inclosed in a farm. The road runs on the west side of it, and 
is only a few hundred yards from its base. It presented a most 



remarkable appearance as one travels on the road from Palmyra 
as we did. No observing person could pass it without being 
struck by its singular appearauce. It rises so abruptly at its 
north end that it is somewhat difficult to climb. Its base is 
quite broad, but at the north eud the summit is quite narrow — 
almost a ridge, oa which a few trees aie growing. The view 
from the top of the hill was one of the finest the writer ever 
beheld, and we could not refrain from expressions of pleasure 
at the beauty of the scene and the extensive prospect which a 
view from the summit afforded. The hill seemed to be in the 
centre of what might be termed an extensive valley. On every 
side the horizon was bounded, at a distance of four or five miles 
from where we stood, by a range of hills. The intervening 
couutry was not a smooth, regular valley; but there were low 
hit's, and dales — fields and groves of timber, broken at intervals 
by water courses. We saw several villages and towns in the 
distance. Undoubtedly great changes had occurred in the 
appearauce of the surrounding country since the days when 
Mormon and Moroni had trod the spot where we stood; still we 
could readily understand, even now, how admirable a position 
this would be for a general to occupy in watching and directing 
the movements of armies an 1 i i scrutii izi ig the position of i n 
enemy. Around Cumorah is yet a land of many waters, 
rivers and fouutaius, as Mormon said it was in his day. Our 
emotions on treading on this sacred hill were of the most 
peculiar character. They were indescribable. This was the 
hill Ramah of the Jaredites, and it is probable, that, in this 
vicinity, Coriantumr and Shiz, with the people whom they led, 
fought their last battle. For this great battle they were four 
years preparing, gathering the people together from all parts of 
the land, and arming men and women, and even children. The 
battle lasted eight days, and the result was the complete 
extermination of the Jaredite nation, none being left but the 
prophet Ether — who warned the nation of the fate that awaited 
it unless the people repented, and who lived to record the 
fulfilment of his own warnings and predictions — and Cori- 
antumr who succeeded in slaying his mortal enemy, Shiz. It 
is probable that the prophet Ether, when he emerged from his 
hiding-place to view the destruction of his race, which he had 
been inspired to fortell, had ascended this hill and from its 
summit had gazed with profound grief upon the thousands of 
slain which lay scattered unburied upon the surface of the 
earth around. He and Coriantumr alone of all that mighty 
race which had flourished for upwards of fifteen hundred years, 
were loft. Who can imagine the feelings which he must have 
had on such an occasion? From the summit of this hill, 
doubtless, Mormon and his great son Moroni had also wituessed 
the gathering of the hosts of the Nephites and the dusky and 
myriad legions of their deadly enemies, the Lamanites. 
Around this hill they had marshaled their forces — their twenty- 
three divsions of ten thousand men each, commanded by the 
most skillful of their generals; all to be swept away, except 
Mormon and Moroni and twenty-two others, in one day's 
battle, by the fierce and relentless foe whom God permitted to 
execute his threatened judgment I Stealthily perhaps, for fear 
o r exciting the attentiou of the Lamanites, Mormon and 
Moroni and their companions may have ascended this hill and 
gazed on the dreadful scene around ihom. What a picture of 
desolation ami woe must have met their sight! How deep 
must have been their anguish at thus witnessing the destruction 
of the fair ones of their nation ! No wonder they cried out in 
anguish, and mourned with pathetic lamentations the rebellion 
against God which had brought this terrible destruction upon 
them. Mormon's feelings must have been very peculiar. At 
fifteen years of age chosen to be the commander-in-chief of the 
armies of his nation, he had fought battle after battle until 
now, at seventy-four years of age, he witnessed the complete 
blotting out of what had been tho most favored people on the 
earth. His reflections must have been peculiarly painful, 





J TJ "V E IsT I Hi IE IFSTRUOTOR. 



109 





because he knew that had they listened to him he could have 
saved them. It was here that he hid the abridgment which he 
made of the records, aDd which is now known by his name, 
and it was here, thirty-six years after this tremendous battle, 
that his son Moroni also hid his abridgment of the Book of 
Ether and the record which he had made from which we learn 
the fate of his father Mormon and his other companion?, that 
sixteen years after the battle of Cumorah Mormon and all the 
Nephites except Moroni had been killed by the Lamanites. It 
was to this spot that about fourteen hundred years after these 
events, Joseph Smith, the prophet, was led by Moroni in per- 
son aud here the records, engraved on plates, were committed 
to him for translation. Who could tread this ground and 
r. fleet upon these mighty events, and not be filled with 
indescribable emotion ? We were literally surrounded by the 
graves of two of the mightiest nations which had ever flourished 
on the earth. We stood in the centre of their burial place. 
They had rebelled against God, they had slain His prophets, 
disregarded His warnings and arrayed themselves against Him. 
His promise and covenant concerning this land are: "that 
whatsoever nation shall possess it, shall serve God, or they shall 
be swept off when the fullness of His wrath shall come upon 
them. And the 
fullness of His 
wrath, cometh 
upon them 
when they are 
ripened iu ini- 
quity; for be- 
hold, this is a 
land which is 
choice above all 
other lands ; 
wherefore he 
that doth pos- 
sess it shall 
serve God, or 
shall be swept 
off; for it is the 
everlasting de- 
cree of God." 

The Jared- 
ites, a . great 
and a mighty 
race, the des- 
cendants of the 
most favored of 
men, had received the threatened penalty of disobedience and 
they were exterminated. The Nephites, too, than whom 
a more favored people never dwelt upon the earth of whom 
we have any account, when they became ripened in iniquity 
shared the same fate — they were blotted out. The inquiry 
arose, in reflecting upon the fate of those mighty empires, 
"How will it be with the American nation? Will its 
strength, the blessings which it enjoys, its numbers and 
prosperity, its liberty and boasted wisdom, and other great 
advantages, avail it anything in rescuing it from the same 
destruction if it persist in persecuting the Saints, in seeking to 
shed the blood of innocence and to destro}' the priesthood and 
the Church of God?" 

The surface of the hill is comparatively level and is narrow 
at its northern extremity. There is a tolerably clear space at 
the north end, there being but a few scattering trees standing 
there. In proceeding south the top of the hill becomes broader 
and the timber — beech, hickory, maple and other varieties — has 
quite a thick growth. Emerging from this timber, and less 
than half a mile from the north end of the hill, we came on a 
fenced field which is cleared of timber and cultivated. The 
surface of the hill from that point is rounding, and with the 



H 




sides, can easily be plowed. Beyond this field there are the 
stumps of the former forest of the country; aud still beyond, 
proceeding south, a clearing which has been made, as Oliver 
Cowdery says in his description of the hill, by wind or ai t. Be- 
yond this the hill loses its distinctive character and falls, not 
abruptly, however, to the level of the surrounding country. 

From the hill we proceeded to Manchester, about three miles 
distant, the town where the Prophet Joseph Smith resided 
when he obtained the plates. The house in which he lived is 
no longer standing; but we thought of his trials and tempta- 
tions, of the persecutions to which he had been subjected and 
how cruelly he had been treated; how often himself and his 
brothers and parents had traveled that road, with but scanty 
means and no friend but God. Then we contrasted those circum- 
stances with those of the Saints and servants of God at the present 
time, and we felt thankful to the Almighty for the fulfilment of 
so many of His promises made through His servant Joseph. 

— =>es^&6<== 

THE BUTTERFLY FISH. 

ERE is a picture of a curious little fish, belonging to the 
Blenny Family, or the Blennoids. Did it ever occur to 

your mind that 
the denizens of 
the ocean aie 
divided into 
families? You 
could hardly 
have helped 
thinking so if 
you have re- 
flected on the 
subject at til, 
for you have 
already read 
enough to know 
that the finny 
tribes are very 
distinct in char- 
p acter. Some of 
them are very 
large and fero- 
cious, others 
small and ham - 
less; some make 
excellent food, 
while others 

are not fit to be eaten. Some can fly lor quite a distance 
iu the air, while most of them die speedily when taken from 
the water. In fact there are almost as many varieties and 
peculiarities among the creatures that God has made which 
dwell in the waters as among His handiworks which dwell on 
land; aud on accouut of these distinctions and peculiarities they 
have been separated into families by those who have given the 
whole of their time and attention to the study of natural 
history. 

The family to which the Qsh belongs which is represented 
by the engraving is noted chiefly lor living iu companies. 
They are very small, and they perhaps live together for mu- 
tual protection. There are several varieties cf these Bleunies 
or social fishes, all closely related, but there are three principid 
or leading tribes among them, just as you caa read about or 
know of there being leading or noted memlers iu ar.clent and 
modern families among human beings. 

The names given by naturalists to the leading families among 
the little fishes now under consideration are respectively— Blen 
ny, Crested Blenny, and the Oscellated Blenny or Butterfly Fisb. 
There is nothing remarkable about any of them, unless it be 
their social nature, so wo shall confine the remainder of this 



aQ' 





no 



JTJ^TEilsriLEi HTSTBTTOTOR 




very short sketch to the last mentioned. Before goiog further, 
however, we must make a slight correction. We have said 
before that there is nothing remarkable about the Blennies; 
that is hardly true, for some of them produce their youDg 
alive, which is a very rare thing for fishes to do, as nearly all 
of them spawn, or deposit their eggs in certain places v which 
instinct tells them are best adapted for their safety until 
hatched. Some of these Blennies can live a considerable time 
oat of water, especially if placed in moist sea-weed; but that is 
not very uncommon for we have no doubt that many of you 
have seen fishes alive in the market, several hours after they 
were caught. 

The Butterfly Fish is a native of the Mediterranean sea, but 
it is sometimes found in the waters surrounding the British 
Islands. The engraving is a very correct likeness of it. It 
has two lobes or portions in the dorsal fin — that is the fin on 
the back. In that part of the dorsal fin nearest the head you 
see a black spot which is surrounded by a white ring. This 
gives the little fish a somewhat gay appearance, and for this 
reason alone he has received the somewhat fanciful name of 
the Butterflv Fish. 



ANECDOTES OF WILD 
J^3ST IIMZ-A-LS, ETC. 

(Continual. ) 




TPHls week we give another intensely tragic extract from the 
J_ work of Mr. Girard. The circumstances as here narrated 
were not witnessed by our author, but the parties who figured 
in this terrible story were known to the Arabs in that part of 
Algeira where Mr. Girard resided, and the truth of the story 
there is little reason to doubt. It runs as follows : 

"On the desert, when an Arab, the owner of a largo tent, 
marries a wife, he bids all the world to the wedding, and the 
guests all go to the bride's tent to conduct her to her new home. 
The girl is carried in a palanquin, and the guests march by 
her side, making the night gay with music, and a general 
fusilade. 

"But as all men do not herd the same number of cattle, so 
all marriages are not alike. If one is honored by a great 
cortege, aud gay cavaliers, rich iu trappings and well-earned 
name, caracole by the side of the future spouse, another groom 
may not have the means even to p:iy the fiddler that makes the 
music. 

"Sruail, a young warrior of our tribe, belongel to this latter 
class, and his last crown bad been spent to endow his bride. 
His retinue was confined to his near relatives, and on the 
auspicious day he came on foot to the tent of his future father- 
in-law, like a vtry peasant. 

: Bere the brave couple and their friends feasted on mutton 
and couscoussou, and when the repast was done they fired 
away with powder and ball, taking care to reserve enough to 
use, in ease of need, on their way home. They did not take 
the precaution to sign the marriage contract, for not one of the 
party could write even his own name, and the evening coming 
on, they separated with mutual good fellowship and well 
wishes for the future. 

"The douar of the husband was only a league and a half 
away; it was a bright moonlight evening, and the party num- 
bered nine guns — what was there to make them afraid? But 
is it not when the tent is the gayest, that trouble draws the 
curtain and steps in at the door? 

"Truly, the good people were gay, and as they returned, in 
merry mood, they sang as they frolicked over the sand. 

Ulez-voUB-eD, L'cns de la nocc, 
tllcz-TOas-cn, rhncun (lit/ 



" Smail walked at the head of the processiou, with his dark- 
eyei wife, and his head was bent, and his voice was low, 
whispering soft promises of the pleasures that were awaiting 
them under his tent. His friends were behind, discreetly 
loitering at a little distance, and from time to time their guns 
awoke the echoes among the distant hills. All went merry as 
the marriage bells. 

"But on a sudden, the devil, who had not been biddeu 
to the wedding, presented himself before them, in the shape of 
an enormous lion, and crouched down in the very path of the 
procession. 

" What was to be done ? 

" They were halfway between the two douars, and it was 
equally dangerous to return or advance. The occasion to win 
the devotion of his wife forever was too tempting to Smail to 
allow it to pass. 

"The guns were all loaded with ball, the bride was placed iu 
the niiadle of a hollow square formed by the guests, brave men 
all, and the escort marched on, led by the bridegroom. They 
came to within thirty paces of the lion, and yet he had not 
moved. 

"Smail ordered the party to halt, and then saying to his 
wife, ' Judge if you have married a man or not,' he walked 
straight up to the wild beast, summoning him in a loud voice 
to clear the road. 

"At twenty paces the lion raised his monstrous head and 
prepared to spring. 

"Smail, in spite of the cries of his wife aud the entreaties of 
his friends, who counseled a retreat, bent one knee to the earth, 
took aim aud fired. 

" The lion, wouuded by the shot, sprang on the husband, 
hurled him to the earth, and tore him in pieces in the twinkling 
of an eye, and then charged the group, in the middle of which 
stood the bride. 

" ' Let no one fire,' shouted the father of Smail, ' until he is 
within guu's length.' 

"But where is the man who is strong enough at heart 
to await, with a firm foot aud steady hand, this thunderbolt of 
hell that is called a lion, when, with flowiug mane, blaziug 
eyes aud open month, he charges on him with immense 
bounds? All fired at ouce, without regardiug whither their 
balls went, and the lion fell on the group, dasliing them hither 
and thither, breaking the bones aud tearing the flesh of all he 
found withiu his reach. 

"Nevertheless some escaped, carrying with them the bride 
half dead with terror. In a moment more, and the lion was 
after them; there was no refuge aud no defence, and the 
wouuded beast seized and tore to pieces one after the other, 
until but one was left of all the party. He, more fortunate than 
the others, reached the foot of a steep rock, on which he placed 
the woman, and than begau climbing up after her. He had 
already reached twice the bight of a horseman, when the lion 
gained the foot of the rock as furious as ever. 

" With a single bound he seized the unfortunate man by the 
leg, and dragged him backward to the ground, while the 
woman reached the summit of the rock from whose inaccessible 
hight she watched the horrible spectacle — the death agony of 
the last of her defenders. After one or two unsuccessful 
bounds the lion returned to the dead body of his last victim, 
and commenced mangling aud tearing it in small pieces, in 
revenge for the loss of the poor wife that looked down at hiu 
from above. 

"The rest of the night passed slowly away to the lonely 
woman. When the morning dawned the lion retired to the 
mountain; but he departed reluctantly, and not without stopping 
and returning more than once with a covetous whine for the 
cowering bride he left behiud him. A few moments after he 
had gone, a group of cavaliers appeared on the plain. 

"The widow of Smail, without any voice to call, waved her 





J-TT^ZEIfcTXI-jE! I1TSTEUOTOR 



111 




bridal vail as a signal of distress. They came to her at a 
gallop, and carried her to her father's tent, where she died the 
next night at the hour of the wedding." 
( To he continued. ) 



T ZHI IE SEA-PEN 




] ilLSEWHERE in the present number you have a short 
J sketch and picture of a curious little fish. But here is a 
picture of something far more curious than the Butterfly Fish. 
Just look at it 1 Did you ever see anything like, or that bore 
any resemblence to, it? What, think you, is it? Is it a toy? 
In form it is not much unlike the brushes used by chimney- 
sweepers in the old country, only it is a little more ornamental 
about the part abore the handle. Would you ever think that 
it was the likenness of anything living? We hardly think that 
any of you could come to that conclusion, and yet it is. Such 
an odd, singular looking creature must have, one would think, a 
singular name. And so it has, but we thirk the name it bears 
is not at all a suggestive one. 
Still it is said to have been 
given to it by naturalists be 
cause of a fancied resemblance 
to a common and well known 
object. 

You all know what pens are, 
that is, steel pens, for you 
have seen and used them. 
There may be some of you who 
never saw a quill peu. A few 
years ago, say forty or fifty, 
steel pens were not near so 
common as they are now, we 
are not quite sure that they 
were invented then; and before 
they were invented quill pens 
were used. They were made 
of the quills of the goose, a 
more choice variety being made 
of crow quills. Now that quill 
pens are so little used it is 
quite a,n art to make a good 
quill pen, and it requires a 
very sharp pen-knife and a 
skillful hand to do it well. In 
the days when quill pens only 
were used a good many persons 
could not make a good one, 

and in pen-making, as in a good many other matters in which 
gener.-l convenience is concerned, human ingenuity was called 
into play, and a neat little instrument was invented by which 
almost any little boy could make a quill pen in about half a 
minute. They are rarely seen, and very rarely used now, 
except by very old-fashioned people who cling to the usages of 
the days long ago. But all this has nothing to do with the 
very strange and curious little creature represented by this 
picture. It is one of the most singular inhabitants of the 
ocean and is called the Sea-Pen, because of some resemblance it 
is thought to bear to a quill pen. It seems as if God, in form- 
ing this animal, had wished to copy the form of a bird's 
feather. It is found in great numbers in the Mediterranean 
sea, but it may be met with, also, in all parts of the ocean. It 
swims by means of its feather-like fins, but its motion is slow, 
and as it cannot swim against currents, it is carried by them to 
the shores of almost all lands. It gives a brilliant light at 
night, and Linmcus, tie great Swedish naturalist, tells us that 
"the Sea-Pen s which cover the bottom of the ocean cast so 
strong a light, that it is easy to count the fishes and worms of 




various kinds which sport among them." This is a very 
strange story, but Linuseus was one of the greatest students of 
natural_ history that ever lived, and it is likely that what he 
has written about the Sea-Pens is true. If it is, they must be 
very numerous, for they are but little creatures, and hence there 
must be a great many of them and their light must be powerful 
to make it bright enough to count their neighbors, the fishes 
and worms. 

It must be very beautiful too, to have a look among these 
Sea-Pens, for they somewhat resemble flowers, quivering with 
sensibility, and they are of various colors — red, dark grey and 
purple, and the rays of light which they emit will be as vari- 
ously eol:red as they themselves. Just fancy looking down 
into the depths of the great ocean, and beholding a natural and 
biilliant illumination, such as Linuteus describes that of the 
Sea-Pens. Surely the more man knows of Nature's works the 
more he finds to wonder at and admire, and the greater reason 
to adore the Author of all,— the Almighty Creator. 



An Indian Jltggleb.— While the tom-tom was beating and 
the pipe playing, the juggler, singing all the time in low accents, 
smoothed a place in the gravel three or four yards before us. 
Having thus prepared a bed for the plant to grow in, he took a 
basket and placed it over the prepared place, covering it with 
a thin blanket. The man himself did not wear a thread of 
clothing, except a strip around his loins. The time seemed 
now to have come for the detective's eye ! So just as he was 
becoming more earnest in his song, and while the tom-tom beat 
and the pipe shrilled more loudly, I stepped with becoming 
dignity, and begged him to bring the basket and its cover to 
me. He cheerfully complied, and I carefully examined the 
basket, which was made of open wicker-work. I then 
examined the cloth covering, which was thin, almost transpar- 
ent, and certainly had nothing concealed in it. I then fixed 
my eyes on his strip of clothing with such intensity that it was 
not possible it could have been touched without discovery, and 
bade him to go on, feeling sure that the trick could not succeed. 
Sitting down he stretched his naked arms under the basket, 
singing and smiling as he did so; then he lifted the basket off 
the ground, and behold, a green plant about a foot high ! 
Satisfied with our applause he went on with his incantations. 
After having sat a little to give his plant time to grow, he 
again lifted the basket and the plant was now two feet 
high. He asked us to wait a little longer, that we might 
taste the fruit 1 But on being assured, by those who had 
seen the trick performed before, that the result would be 
obtained, I confessed myself "done," without the slightest 
notion of the how. I examined the ground, and found it was 
smooth and unturned. Apparently delighted with my sur- 
prise, the juggler stood up laughing, when one of his com- 
panions chucked a pebble to him, which he put into his mouth. 
Immediately the same compauion, walking backwards, drew 
forth a cord of silk, twenty yards or so in length; after 
which the juggler, with his hands behind his back, threw 
forth from his mouth two decanter stoppers, two shells, a 
spinning top, a stone and several other things, followed by a 
long jet of fire. If the wise reader regrets so much space 
being occupied by such a story, let him pass it on to the 
children, foolish as myself, who will be glad to read it. 

St levied. 



All philosophy is only forcing the trade of happiness, when 
nature seems to deny the means. 



An excuse is worse and more terrible 
excuse is a lie guarded. 



than a lie : fur an 





112 



JUTE1TILB INSTRUCTOR, 




QUESTIONS AITID .A. IT 

S-WEI^S OIT THZIE BOOK 

OF HVCOIE^DMIOILSr. 



(' A T E C H I S M 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XiVII. 

Q.— What did King Benjajniu teach his people concerning the 
I 'loo J of Jesus ? 

A. — That the blood of Jesus 6hould atone for Adam's transgression. 

y.— What effect did the kiug's teaching have upon the people f 

A.— They cried aloud for the forgiveness of their sins. 

Q.— Did they receive the remission of their sins ? 

A. — Yes, through the exceeding faith which they had in Jesus 
Christ who should come. 

y. — How did they say they felt ? 

A. — They said a change wa6 wrought in their hearts. 

y.— What was the nature of this change? 

A. — They had no more disposition to do evil, but wished to do 
good continually. 

Q. — What other effects did this change produce ! 

A.— They had the spirit of prophecy and had great views of that 
which was to come. 

y — What did King Benjamin do after he had finished speaking ? 

A — He took the names of all those who had entered into covenant 
with God. 

Q. — How many had entered into this covenant? 

A. — All who were present excepting the little children. 

y. — What other business did he attend to before he dismissed the 
multitude ': 

A.— lie made Mosiah king and ruler over the people, gave him 
charge concerning the kingdom and appoiuted priests to teach the 
people, 

y. — How old was Mosiah when he began to reign ? 

A. — He was in his thirtieth year. 

y. — About what number of jears waB this from the time Lehl left 
Jerusalem? 

A. — About four hundred and seventy-six years. 

y._How long did King Benjamin live after his son Mosiah was 
made king? 

A.— Three years. 

LESSON 3LXVIII. 

y. — What is said concerning Mosiah's character? 

A. — That he walked in the ways of the Lord. 

Q, — What is said concerning his occupation ? 

A.— That he tilled the earth. 

y.— Why did he till the earth ? 

A. — That he might not be a burden to his people, but do as his 
father bad done in all things. 

y. — What effect would the example of such a king be likely to 
have upon the people ? 

A.— lu dignify Lv'ior and make industry honorable. 

y. — To what land did Kin;; Mosiah send an expedition V 

A. — To the land of their Hrst inheritance — Lehi-Nephi, 

Q. — What was the purpose of this cxpedltiou ? 

A. — To learn what had become of the people who returned there in 
lb.- dayi when Amalckl kept the plates. 

y. — How many nun were permitted by Mosiah to go on this 
expedition ? 

A— Sixteen. 

y. — Wh.it was the name of their lea lor ' 

A — Amnion. 

y. — What is said of him f 

A. — That he was a strong and mighty man and a descendant of 
Zarahemla. 

y. — How long did they travel in the wilderness in search of the 
land? 

A. — Forty days. 

Q.— What was the name of the land which they then reached ? 

A.— Shilom. 

y. — What did Ainmon then do? 

A.— He and three of his brethren left the others in camp and went 
down into the land of Nephi. 

( To be continued.) 




Stltrftt 9 aeftJ|j. 



IKHJSTID THOUGHTS. 



Let us cherish a memory for pleasant things, 

And let all the others go. 

It is never by giving "tit for tat" 

That we touch the heart of a foe. 

It is not by dwelling on fancied wrongs 

That we feel their sting grow le6S; 

And malice once entering the heart is sure 

To ernsh out all tenderness. 

Forgive, forget, though the wrong be great, 

And your heart he stricken sore; 

For thinking of trouble makes it worse, 

And its pain is all the more. 

Do kindly things to your neighbors, e'en 

Though they do not so to you; 

Though they be wrong, unjust, unkind, 

Keep your own heart ever true. 

The heart is a garden; our thoughts the flowers, 

That spring into fruitful life: 

Have care that in sowing there fall no seed 

From the weed of cruel strife. 

Oh ! loving words are not hard to say, 

If the heart be loving too. 

And the kinder the thoughts you give to others, 

The kinder their thoughts of you. 



TRADES AND DEFI1TI- 

Tionsrs. 



A carpenter's duty is plain; 

A cobbler for food sells his sole; 
A barber who ne'er crossed the main 

Still passes from poll unto poll; 
The briekmaker, bloodthirsty elf, 

To kiln's been addicted of old; 
The pilferer goes for his pelf; 

An elder's as oft yonng as old; 
The weathercock-makers are vain 

Of the vanes they expose to the blast; 
The bellows-man ne'er will refrain 

From blowing his "wares" to the last; 
A lawyer's existence is brief; 

A printer 'gainst vice should lie proof; 
A builder will sure come to grief 

Who commences to build at the roof; 
The miller makes millions from mills; 

In all trades can money be made. 
But newspapers Buffer from bills 

Which seldom or never are paid. 



JUrvZEZLSTTILiIE] IxJSTE/TJOTOE/ 

Is pub'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

Zfr drain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor will 
be received at the ollicc of jiapei — Deseret News Buildings. 




