
iifllituss t0 tjj* $0r&! 





S3 sb $m^£3$Mkh 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1873. 



NO. 23. 



MOE/DBCAI .A-TTHIE GATE. 



ONE of the most interesting and beautiful lessons taught in 
the Scriptures is to be found in the book of Esther. The 
incident which wfl are about to relate, and which our engraving 
is intended to illustra'e, occurred during the reign of King 
Ahashuerus, whose dominion extcndtd over one huudred and 
twenty-seven provinces, from India to Ethiopia. 

It happened on an occasion of feasting, when the princes and 
nobles of Media and Persia were assembled to partake of the 
hospitality of King Ahashuerus, that the king, when he and his 



pect for the wishes of her husband that a dutiful wife should 
do. Instead of coming as he requested, she refused to appear. 
Such a demaud did not agree with her idea of "woman's 
rights." She stood upon her queenly dignity, andtluughtif 
the king wanted her, a more proper way, in consideration of 
her great beauty, would be for him to come for her himself and 
explain why he wanted her, and probably coax her to come. 
The king, as was very natural under the circumstances, was not 
at all pleased at this refusal, and held a council with the wise men 





guests had partaker, rather freely of wine and felt merry from 
(he effects of it, sent his chamberlains to bring the queen, Vashti, 
into his presence, that he might display her beauty before the 
assembled princes. The queen was a very handsome woman, 
and the king was proud of her beauty. She wa9 doubtless 
aware of this and quite as vain of her charms as he was proud 
of them, but fhe presumed too much on her gcod looks, 
or her favor with the king; at least she did not show that res- 



who were with him as to what should be done with the queen 
for disobeying his command. The view the princes seemed to 
take of the matter was that the queen had not only dishonored 
and done wrong to the king, but also to the princes and people 
of the kingdom, fur if it should become known that she 
had acted so and received no punishment for it, all the ladies of 
the land would take license to treat their husbands with the 
same contempt. To prevent such a result they recommended 





178 



«T TJ "V E 35T I L IE I1TSTETJCTOR 




1 



that the queen should be debarred from agaiu appearing iu his 
presence, aud that her estate be given to auother more worthy; 
and that a decree to this effect shouli go forth through all the 
kiugdom, that all the wives should "give to their husbands hon- 
or, both great and small." The king liked the suggestion and 
acted upon it. 

The next thing to be done was to find another woman to be 
made queen in the place of Vashti. For this purpose, officers 
were appointed in the various provinces to gather together the 
fair youug virgins of the laud for the king to make liis choice 
of one to be queeu. 

It happened that uear the kiug's palace there lived a Jew, 
one who had been brought captive into the laud from Jerusa- 
lem. Hi: had a cousin, au crphau girl, living with him, named 
Esther, whom he had adopted as daughter, aud who was very 
beautiful. This Jew, whose name was Mordecai, took Esther 
to the h,use set apart for these maidens to be kept in, hopmg 
that she might be the one selected by the king to fill the place 
of the discarded Vashti. He charged her not to make known 
the fact that she was a Jewess, as those of her race who were 
in that couutry were captives, aud cousidered by those in power 
as their iuleriors. 

When the turu of Esther came to appear befor-e the king, he 
was greatly pleased with her and imme liately decided on mak- 
ing her queeu. Esther did not make kuown her Jewish birth, but 
her kiusman, Mordecai, might be seen often at the king's gate, 
still desiring to be as near Esther as possible. On oue occasion 
while seated there he overheard tbe two chamberlaius who 
guarded the gate plotting to assassinate the king. He imme- 
diately made kuown the plot to Queeu Esther, who informed 
th.' king of it, and the villous were put to death aud the kiug's 
life saved. 

The greatest mau in the dominion at that time, under the king, 
was II aman, whose greatness aud power and riches were such 
that all the subjects of the king bowed to aud reverenced him — 
no, not all, for Mordecai, the old Jew, who sat so often at the 
king's gate regarded him as only a mau, aud chose to pay hom- 
age only to a higher being. Because of this, the auger of the 
great Hainan was kindled against Mordecai, aud he determiuod 
on revenging himself on him; and not upon him alone, but also 
upon all the Jewish race in the land. He persuaded the kiug 
that there was a people in his domiuion whose laws aud prac- 
tices were diverse to those of the Medes and Persians aud who 
ought, therefore, to be destroyed. If the kiug would only 
grant a decree to this effect, be would pay into his treasuries 
ten thousand talents in silver. The king informed Humau he 
could do as he wished, aud gave him his ring to seal the decree 
with, which was immediately sent forth through all the prov- 
inces that on a certain day all the Jews should be put to death. 
Tnis cruel decree caused great mourning among the Jews, aud 
none felt it more keenly than did Mordecai. Queeu Esther 
heard of it, and sent to Mordecai to find out what it meant. He 
begged of her to supplicate the king to spare her people. Es- 
ther hesitated about doing so, as the rules in the kiug's palace 
were so strict about people coming into the inner court or to his 
presence, that even the queen was not allowed unless she was 
sent for. On this occasion she had not been sent for, aud 
therefore to venture to the inner court Would be to imperil her 
life; but learning from Mordecai that if the decree were exe- 
cute I, she, as well as the others of her race, would suffer death, 
she determined to attempt it. Dressed in her royal apparel, 
she appeared in the inner court, and awaited the result. The 
king saw her, was pleased with her appearance, and held out 
1 len scepter as a tokeu that he would ree sive her. On 
being asked her errand, she requested the king and Hainan to 
attend a ba iquet which she had prepared. The king consented, 
sent fur Hainan, and the three had a joyful time over the ban- 
quet of wine. While thus happy, the king asked qu sen Esther 
w i it r quest she had to make and he would grant it, even to 



the half of his kingdom. Now Esther saw th° way opening 
for the deliverance of her ki< dred, but fearing that if she were 
too hasty she might spoil her plans, she asked th' in to come 
again to a banquet she would prepare on the following day, aud 
she would make known her request. 

Hainan, of course, was flattered and filled with pride at 
having such honor showu him by the queen, and as he passed 
poor old Mordecai at the gate that day he scowled on him worse 
than ever. Then he proceeded home and boasted to his wife 
and friends of his great glory and riches aid the multitude of 
his children aud ol his promotion to power, aud then added in 
his glee, ''Yea, Esther, the queeu, did let no mau come iu with 
the king unto the banquet that she had prepared but myself; 
aud to-morrow am I iuvitcd unto her also with the kiug." 
Then thinking of the Jew, he added, "Yet all this availeth me 
nothing so long as I see Mordecai, the Jew, sitting at the king's 
gate." Though he seemed to possess everythiug else he could 
ask for, his hatred for Mordecai did not lessen, but rather in- 
creased, so that he determined on ridding himself of him before 
the day appointed for the slaughter of the Jews. He forthwith 
erected a gallows afty cubits high, and early the following 
moruiug proceeded to the palace to ask the king to allow him 
to have Mordecai hanged ou it that day. But it happened that 
the kiug had been troubled in his sleep and risen early that 
morning, and examined the book of records of the chronicles, 
aud fouud there recorded that a certain Jew named Mordecai 
had saved his life by showing up the plot of two assassins. He 
thcu inquired, "What honor or dignity hath been done to Mor- 
decai for this?" His servants auswered that nothing had been 
done for him. With a feeliug of compunction for having neg- 
lected to reward such fidelity, he inquired who was in the court- 
yard. Haman was there and was summoned to the royal pres- 
ence. Tueu the king asked him "What shall be done unto the 
inau whom the king delighteth to honor?" Haman thought 
only of himself as that man, and therefore answered: 

"Let the royal apparel be brought which the king useth to 
wear, and the horse that the king rideth upon, aud the royal 
crowu which is set upon his head; and let this apparel and 
horse be delivered to the hand of oue of the king's most noble 
princes, that they may array the mau withal whom the king 
delighteth to honor, and bring him on horseback through the 
street of the city, and proclaim before him, Thus shall it be 
done to the man whom the king delighteth to honor." 

Pleased with the suggestion, the kiug commanded Haman to 
take Mordecai the Jew, for he was the man, array him in his 
apparel, place him upon his horse and lead it through the street 
crying out even as he had described. Though the humiliation 
must have been galling to the proud and ruthless Hainan, he 
had to obey. But this was not all; while at the banquet that 
Esther had prepared she informed the king of the plot of Ha- 
man to destroy her people, and requested him to spare their 
lives. The king was very angry at Hainan, at hearing this, and 
just then hearing that he had prepared a gallows to hang Mor- 
decai on, he ordered that Hamau himself should be hanged on 
it instead. The kiug then gave orders for the bloody decree to 
be revoked, presented the house of Hainan to Esther and gave 
Mordecai charge of it. 

Thus did the L ird overrule the actions of a wicked man for 
the glory of the innocent. 

Mordecai continued to prosper and increase in power, while 
Haman, his enemy, was buried and forgotten. 

How often have the actions of the enemies of the Latter-day 
Saints presented a parallel case with that of the wicked Hainan; 
and how often have we been preserved as miraculously as were 
Mordecai and the Jews. 



Silkmcp: alone is a powerful weapon. An Arabic proverb 
says: "Silence is often au answer." 



HS&s: 




Fa 



J TJ "V IE 1ST I L El HTSTBUCTOB, 



179 




[For the Juvenile Instructor- 



J^. BOY'S ■\ r O!T^.C3-E! ZR/DITHSTID 
THE "vA^OIELXjID. 




flEPTEMBER the 10th whales werb raised, aud all four 
^ boats were soon in hot pursuit. After a long pull the fourth 
mate succeeded in capturing a forty barrel whale, aud it is need- 
less to say his "jacket" was quickly converted iuto spermaceti. 
We were now one year from home— twelve long, weary months 
of a sailor's life, during which I had ample time to reflect and 
to repeat. I found I was in no way fitted for a marine life. 
To be sure, I had learned aud advanced myself in the nautical 
knowledge of a seaman as well and ably as any of the ''green- 
horns" aboard our vessel. By diligence aud attention to duly, 
I won the esteem and respect of the officers, but I had no feel- 
ing uo liking for the life; it was too much of a slave's life to 
me: the ship was a hell 1 longed to get out of— to get home, to 
get anywhere, so only that I was doing something more benefi- 
cial to myself, something that I could look on in after life with 
more pleasure and satisfaction. To add to our misery about 
this time, that dreaded malady, the scurvy, made its appear- 
ance among the crew. I was the principal sufferer. The 
attacks of this disease are encouraged by whatever weakens 
and depresses the nervous system. Long voyages at sea, with- 
out vegetables containing certain acids, exposure to a moist, 
damp air, loss of the usual rest and great fatigue, connected 
with the confinement on board a ship aud the loneliness, the 
sadness and the despondency of a sailor's life. Owing to a 
habit I had of sleeping on deck when off duty, and the dissatis- 
fied mental conditiou I was always laboring under, the disease 
took hold of me aud developed with alarming vigor. My legs 
were swelled to a tremendous size, my gums were soft aud 
spongy, bleeding at the slightest touch, and my teeth loos- 
ened, 'i had a sharp pain in the chest and weakness of the 
stomach, and to this was added languor, loss of strength and 
great depression of miud, with no heart for work or play. I 
kept to my work as long as possible, and then reported my con- 
dition to Capt. B . That benign individual, after examin- 
ing my mouth and legs, coolly told me I had the scurvy very 
bad; in fact, so bad that he would not give two cents for my 
life.' He told me he did not believe I would live three days, 
and the only thing on the ship that he knew of to use to arrest 
thedisccs; was a little quinine iu the medicine chest. Mr. 

p the mate, told me that he had fouud raw potatoes an 

excellent antidote, aud they were always used by whalemen on 
the north-west const of America, where very tew vessels run 
through a cruise without suffering more or less from the ravages 
of the scarry. He gave me tour potatoes from the ''locker," 
and I returned to the forecastle with feelings better imagined 
than described. To die in three days 1 Good heavens ! What 
a sensation fir a boy to feel 1 For two hours I tried to think 
of everything aud really thought of nothing, I was so bewil- 
dered and confused. Gradually I began to collect my thoughts 
and resson. I knew the ship would go into port in a mouth or 
two. It was impossible that I should die. I fit that with 
proper diet and exersise I could arrest the disease until that 
time; then I would leave her aud take uij chances. With this 
determination I ate my potatoes, and almost immediately my 
stomach rejected them. Weak, sick, and tired, I crawled into 
my bunk, and in spite of my approaching death, sailor like, I 
was soon fast asleep. So long and so sound I slept, I was after- 
wards told, that several of my shipmates wished to wake me 
up and try and persuade me to take some violent exercise, as 
that is considered a sovereign remedy for the malady. The ma- 
jority of the boys, however, overruled. They considered me a 
gone case, and while asleep, 1 was not miserably thinking of my 
approaching dissolution. When I did wake up I felt consider- 
ably better 1 imagined the swelling reduced in my limbs and 



I was somewhat hungry. A dose of quinine from the captain 
and a bottle of pickled cabbage from the mate were brought to 
me by the steward. I took the quinine and ate part of the 
pickles, also two or three raw potatoes, (this time they stayed 
down) with a cup of tea and hard bread. This, wi:h my good 
rest, seemed to make another man of me and I began to feel 
certain that I would disappoint the captain by not dying. 
There was also the encouraging news that, fiudiug several of the 
crew in not much better condition than myself, the ''old man" 
very wisely pointed the ship's head to the north and east, car- 
rying all sail to make the Gallapagos Islands. I remained on 
the sick list uutil the third day, the day I was to die, and then 
finding myself so well, aud the swelling almost entirely gone 
from my legs, aud the pain from my chest, I reported myself 
for duty to the mate and had the good fortune never afterwards 
to report myself sick while on the Maria, At times my legs 
were more or less swelled, never altogether free from it, but I 
noticed rest always reduced their size. I ate from three to five 
raw potatoes daily, and avoided eating salt meat as much as 
possible. 

Early in October we sighted Chatham Island, one of the 
Gallapagos group. The captain ran the ship into "Lee bay," 
and anchored, determined to spend a week "terrapin hunting." 
While furling the top sail, I came very near terminating my 
voyage for life. Iu our anxiety to beat the larboard watch, we 
hauled too much "skiu" or slack sail on the yard, throwing the 
sail aft, and "Dutch Joe" and myself off the foot rope. Joe 
grasped the reef tackle aud saved himself. I had only the 
heavy sail in my grasp, the weight of which was slowly press- 
ing open my fingers. I looked below. Had I been over the 
water I would have risked a plunge ?.ud a chance with the 
sharks, but I was directly over the waist boat, some sixty feet 
below me. To let go would be broken limbs, perhaps death. 
All this was but a moment. With almost superhuman strength 
I drew myself up, and with the assistance of my teeth in the 
sail, mauaged to grasp the foot rope with one hand. Here I 
had a sure hold and with all my remaining strength, went 
hand over hand into the main top. Here I was compelled to 
sit down; I had not strength enough to take me further for 
some minutes. The whole affair was only a minute in transac- 
tion, hut to me it seemed an hour. 

Alter supper, the first and second mates with their boats 
went ashore, returning about ten o'clock with twenty-seven sea 
turtles, the shells varying from three to four feet, in diameter. 
We had turtle, stewed, fried, roasted and in soup, three times 
a da}' as long as we remained at anchor in "Lee bay," a period 
of ten days, during which time we captured ninety-eight terra- 
piu, a species of laud turtle of enormous size, and of most deli- 
cious flavor, aud considered quite a delicacy by whalemen who 
resort to this and ether islands of the group, frequently, to 
recruit their stock of fresh fish. 

Hiving turtles enough, our captain up anchor beating to 
the northward, leaving behind one of our crew, William Fel- 
lows (Santa Anna) a native ol Michigan, who deserted the day 
before sailing. Poor Santa's body was fouud in a decomposed 
state a mouth later by the crew of a schooner that landed on 
the island to hunt terrapin. A small pocket edition of the Bi- 
ble containing his name and the ship's name, found with his 
body was brought on board our vessel several weeks aflcr when 
anchored at Tumbez. 

I To he (-"ii'iinH'd. ) 



An old fanner said (o his sons: "Boys, don't you ever wait 
for something to turn up. Von might just as well go and sil 
down on astone in the middloof a meadow, with a pail between 
your legs, and wait for a COW to bark up 10 you to be 
milked." 





ISO 



JTJYE1TILE UsTSTBTJCTOB, 





CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1873. 

EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




n 



E have it iu our mind to enlarge the Ju- 
venile Instructor, to commence Volume 
Niue with the publication of twelve pages 
instead of the present eight pages. By 
such an enlargement the subscribers will 
receive, in each number, an increase of 
oue half more reading matter than they 
have at present. The volume, instead of 
containing 208 pages, will contain 312 pages. 
If we make this addition to each number, 
)tne portions or the work will cost us double 
ur present outlay. The cost of press work, 
>r iustauce, will be just double what it is at 
resent. It is our iutention to publish the new 
jlume on much better paper than we have 
heretofore used; and that we might secure the best 
nuality at the cheapest rates, we invited bids from 
• ^» tbe leading paper dealers iu the country; and, after 
""V 7 ** receiving the samples, made arrangements with a good 
' ' J house for a regular supply of the paper that suited 

us the best. We have also ordered a new supply of type for a 
new dress to the forthcoming volume. We shall also make the 
Instructor more attractive by increasing the number of en- 
gravings so as to have in each numDer twice as many as now 
issued. This, we think, will be a feature that ali, both young 
aud old, will appreciate. We have also made arrangements 
with some of the leading writers in the Tenitory to contribute 
regularly to the columns of the Juvenile Instructor, and 
expect to be able to secure occasional articles, of an interesting 
and instructive character, from nearly, if not all the prominent 
and experienced men of the community. Iu addition to the 
regular reading matter we shall publish iu each number a choice 
song with the music, so that the Sunday Schools cau have a 
constant supply of new hymns and tunes. 

We intend to make these additions to the Juvenile Instruc- 
TOB and lurnish it to our subscribers at the same price we now 
charge— ¥2 per volume. Several of our frieuds to whom we 
have couiiuunicated our intentions have asked us: "Will it 
pay?" Tliis is an important question, and the answer to which 
we can not give- at present. It will not pay unless our subscri- 
ber-increase very much in number. But we think, if wc add 
to tbe value of our little periodical and make it still more 
worthy of the patronage of our friends, subscribers will natu- 
rally come to it, or at least wc shall have less difficulty in 
increasing the circulation. It is our object to make the Juven- 
it t: In -Tin < cob a publication that every parent will be glad to 
have in hi- housi . and if by an increased outlay of means and 
labor it can I"- made so attractive that all will bo anxious to 
p issess it, we -bill be satisfied. The only object in publishing 
the LNSTRI CTOR ha- been to do good. We have reason to think 
tbii it has been profitable to those who have perused it. If it 
nefil to a limited number ••( families of Saints, it would 
[oallya bencfii to a greater number or to all the families in 
ili • Territory. 

With the di w dr&ffl, the improved quality of paper, double 

the number of engravings at present used, the four pages extra 

l in each i. umber, the sougs and music, aud the greater 

variety of subjects treated upon, we hope the Instri ctob will 



find favor in the eyes of every household of the Saints, aud 
that it will be liberally patronized. Some think the experiment 
of enlargiug at the preseut time a hazardous one; they fear we 
shall lose money. But we feel like making the venture at any 
rate. We are fully convinced that this paper should have 
a much larger circulation than it has — that, in fact, it should 
do more good; and we hope by the step we propose to get it 
into more hands. 

Cau we not reasonably count upon the assistance of every 
man of influence in the Territory? If our readers and friends 
think it a publication worthy of their support, they should let 
all their acquaintances know their views upon it and urge them 
to subscribe. We have no doubt but they will find the 82 ex- 
pended for the Ninth Volume of the Juvenile Instructor 
as gcod an investment as they ever made. 

We shall feel obliged to Bishops and their Counselors, to 
School Superintendents and Teachers, if they will give us their 
aid in getting subscribers. We hope to have the first number of 
the next volume out a few weeks before the date for the com- 
mencement of the volume, so that all may see what the Juven- 
ile Instuctor will then be like. 



8*t*c1*& 33odi?y. 



LEAT^nsri-Lsra- to phay. 



Kneeling, fair in the twilight gray, 
A he utitul child was trying to pray; 
His cheek on his iuolher'6 kree, 
His hare little feet half hidden, 
His smile still coming unhidden, 
And his head brimful of glee. 

"I want to laugh. Is it naughty? Say, 

O, mammal I've had such luii to-day, 

I can hardly say my prayers. 

I don't feel just like praying; 

I want to he out-doors playing, 

And run all undrc.-sed down stairs. 

"I can see the flowers in the garden bed, 
Shining so pretty, and sweet, and red; 
And Sammy is swinging, I guess. 
Oh! everything is so line out there, 
I want to put it all in the prayer. 
(Do you mean I cau do it by 'Yes'?) 

"When I say, 'Now I lay me'— word for word- 
It seems to me as if nohody heard. 
Would 'Thank you, dear God,' he right? 
He gave me iny mammy, 
And pupa, and Saiinii} — 
O, mamma! you nodded I might. " 

Clasping his hands, and hiding his face. 
Unconsciously yearning for help aud grace. 
The little one now began. 

His [mother's nod aud sanction dear 
Assimd him I hat the Lord would hear, 
And his words like music ran; 

"Thank you for making this home so nice, 
The flowers, and folks, and my two white mice. 
(I wish I could keep right on.) 
I thank you, too, for every day — 
Only I'm most loo glad to pray. 
Dear (iod, I think lain done, 

"Now, mamma, rock mc — just a minute — 
And sh)L' t lie bymu with 'darling' in it. 
I wish I could say my prayers! 
i I get big, I know I can. 



Whe.. . 

llh! won't it he nice to he a man, 
And slay all night down stairs." 



I he motlc r, Blneing, clasped him tight, 
Kissing and cooing her fond "Good-night," 

And lr asured his every word. 
Tor well she knew the artless joy 
And love of her picrions Innocent hoy. 

Were a prajcr Unit her Lord had heard. 



\.rP 



*h< 




JTJYEITIIjE I1TSTRT7CTOB. 



181 




OLD LOHSTZDOlsr BIR/HDO-IE. 



HERE is a view in London as it appeared about two hundred 
years ago. What quaint old houses with overhanging 
upper stories, what a lumbering, odd looking coach, and what 
strangely dressed people! Yet this gives you a good idea of 
what you would have seen had you lived in that far-famed city 
in the days when Charles or James was king, or when Crom- 
well ruled the realm as Lord Protector. This is a picture of 
the gate of Old London Bridge. 

Old London Bridge was a very different structure to the pres- 
ent graceful one which now spans the river Thames in its 
place. Oar forefathers who built it were very far behind in 
the art of bridge building; in fact it is noticeable that most 
nations advancing in civilization show less taste and skill in the 
building of their bridges than in the erection of other public 
structures. How clumsy and inconvenient the bridges of China 
and Japan appear when compared with the latest triumphs of 
the engineer and bridge builder in England and the United 
States. But old London Bridge was worse than any Chinese 
bridge we ever heard ol. As the story goes it was built under 
the direction of Peter of Co'echurch, who, it is said, belonged 
to a srrange order of men called Brethren of the Bridge. These 
men had a rule that if any one of their order died whilst direct- 
ing a piece of work, that he should be buried in its midst; and 
as Peter died before the bridge was finished, he was buried iu 
the crypt of the chapel built on the centre pier; lor you must 



r*#iHs 




know that the roadway of the bridge was encumbered and dis- 
figured with houses on each side, which overhung in a very ter- 
rific looking and dangerous manner. 

This bridge was begun iu the year 1176, or uearly 700 years 
ago, when Henry II. reigned over England, It was completed 
in S3 years. It was remarkable for its massiveness and the 
great waste of material used in its construction. The piles oq 
which it was built were of elm, and remained for COO years 
without material decay, though part of the bridge fell and was 
rebuilt about one hundred years after it was first begun. Its 
length was 915 feet; it had 19 arches, vhich, like its piers, 
were of unequal width, the latter varying from 25 to 34 feet. 
These piers, with the stirlings built round them to protect them 
from the force and wear of the water, occupied two-thirds of 
the stream, and at low water only one-fourth of the whole span 
was left for water way. Or, in othei»-words, the bridge was so 
clumsily built that at low water the river had only one-fourth of 
its natural channel in which to flow, the other three-quarters being 
taken up by the bridge. This caused at the ebb of the tide 
a fall of five feet, and as the water foamed and poured and fell 
iu these temporary cataracts, it required almost as much skill to 
steer a river craft safely through the roaring chasm, as for an 
American boatman to shoot the rapids of the St. Lawrence or 
other river of the great west. Many a valuable life was lost 
by the force of the current dashing a boat against the piers or 
engulfing a frail one iu the whirl of lhe,8C miniature cascades. 



How strange it would seem to us now for a bridge to be built 
that would fill three-quarters of the stream and close navigation 
by so obstructing the course of the river, that at certain times 
during each day the waters on one side would be five feet higher 
than on the other. 

The houses built on the roadway of the bridge were removed 
in 1756. Then the upper part of the bridge assumed a modern 
appearance, whilst the removal proved a great boon to the in- 
creasing traffic between the city of London and its growing 
suburbs on the south side of the river. Soon, however, it was 
found that one bridge was not enough. London was growing so 
rapidly on both sides of the Thames that a bridge was built at 
Westminster, and then another at Blackfriars, then one 
between Blacklriars and Westminster, called Waterloo Bridge; 
and of late years railroad and other bridges have multiplied so 
rapidly that, instead of one pent up crossing, the river is spanned 
by more than a dozen bridges, most of them worthy of 
examination for their elegance or strength. 

The gate at the old bridge very much resembled the other 
gates of London city; indeed a casual observer would prcbably 
think that our picture was intended for Temple Bar— the only 
gate of old London which now stands, as Ludgate, Bishops- 
gate, the Bridgegate and the rest have long since been pulled 
down as useless and unornamental. There is one unfortunate 
resemblance in the gate in our picture to Temple Bar, which 
all acquainted with English history will recognize. Here we 
have the heads of thirteen felon - who have been executed, per- 
haps for treason, or murder, or piracy, or forgery, or cattle 
stealing, all of which crimes were punishable with death by the 
old English laws; and it was the inhuman custom to exhibit the 
severed heads of some of these on the gates of the city as a 
warning to deter others from committing like crimes. This is 
the course still pursued by many savage and hdf enlightened 
nations to-day; but it has beeu found in civilized countries to 
be a much wiser and more godlike policy to educate i he people 
and show them the evil of these things by appealing to their 
better judgmeut and their better natures than to fiighten them 
by showing them the gory heads of those who had fallen into 
crime and received the punishment the law meted out. It is 
much better to educate boys to be good men than to frighten 
them from being bad ones. 



H 



I S T O :E& "3T O IF 

OHUaOH. 
(Continued.) 



THE 



ON the 31st of May the organization of President Young's 
company was <oinmenced by appointing Zera Pulsipher 
captain of hundred, with John Beubow and Daniel Wood cap- 
tains of fifties; also, Lorenzo Snow captain of hundred and 
Heman Hyde and John Stoker captaius of fifties. The next 
day the further organization was proceeded with by the appoint- 
ment of William G. Perkins as captain of hundred and John 
D. Lee and Eleazer Miller captains of fifties; also, Allen Taylor 
captain of hundred and John Harvey and Danit-1 Cam captaius 
of fifties. Isaac Morley was chosen President of the company, 
with Reynolds Cahoon and William W. Major as his counsel- 
ors. Horace S. Eldredge was selected as marshal, and Hosea 
Stout as cr ptain of the night guard. President Young was sus- 
tained as General Superintendent of the emigrating companies*, 
and Daniel II. Wells as his aid-de-camp. In President Young's 
company there were 1229 souls, 397 wagons, 74 horses, 19 
mules, 1275 oxen, 699 cows, 184 loose cattle, 111 sheep, 141 
pigs, 005 chickens, 37 eats, 82 dogs, 3 goats, 10 geese, 2 hives 
of bees, 8 doves and 1 crow, the latter owned by Judge Phelps. 
President Heber C. Kimball's company organized by electing 
Henry Harriman captain ofthefirsl hundred, and Titus BiJ. 



-P 




18S 



TTTTTEZBriLE] I1TSTBTJOTOR. 




ings and John Pack captains of fifties; subsequently Isaac 
Higbee was appointed captain of a fifty. In his company there 
were 662 souls, 226 wagons, 57 horses, 25 mules, 737 oxen, 284 
cows, 150 loose cattle, 243 sheep, 96 pigs, 299 chickens, 17 cats, 
52 dogs, 3 hives of bees, 3 doves, 5 ducks and 1 squirrel. 

Ou the 29th of June Amasa Lyman, with a company of 108 
wagons, left Winter Quarters for the Elkhorn River. Dr. Wil- 
lard Richards left there wifaY his company on the 3rd of July. 
These companies joined in electing James M. Flake captain of 
hundred, Franklin D. Richards and James H. Rollins, captains 
of fifties, and Robert L. Campbell historian of their camp. In 
these companies there were 502 whites, 24 negroes, 1G9 wagons, 
50 horses, 20 mules, 515 oxen, 426 cows and loose caitle, 369 
sheep, 63 pigs, 5 cats, 44 dogs, 170 chickens, 4 turkeys, 7 
ducks, 5 doves and 3 goats. 

After Presidents Young and Kimball's companies left Win- 
ter Quarters, the place presented a desolate aspect. A terrific 
thunder storm passed over, accompanied by a hurricane, which 
tore wagon covers to shreds and whistled fearfully through the 
empty dwellings. A few straggling Indians camped in the 
vacated houses and subsisted upon the cattle which had died of 
poverty, and upon such other articles of food as they could pick 

Some years after Winter Quarters was abandoned by the 
Saints, an attempt was made to build a city there. Streets 
and lots were laid out and the city was called Florence. At one 
time, and for a brief period, it 'was thought by some persons 
that it would become a place of importance. Land went up in 
price, city lots were sold at fancy figures, and a number of good 
dwellings were erected; but the excitement soon died out and 
the place fell into decay. It is only six miles north of Omaha, 
Nebraska, and that city has completely overshadowed Florence, 
and taken to itself all the business which those who laid out 
Florence hoped it would have. It is interesting for one who 
knew Winter Quarters in the days when the Saints lived there 
to visit the place now. Many of the foundations of houses', 
and especially the "dug outs" in the side^of the hill, can now 
be plainly seen, and the old Hues of street's and lots can be eas- 
ily traced. 

At Ancient Bluff Ruins, Brothers John Y. Greene, Joseph 
W. Young, Rufus Allen and Tsaac Burnham from this valley 
met President Young and company on the 12th of July. They 
brought several letters, and 18 wagons and teams with which 
to assist the emigrating companies. Eight of these teams 
were sent on to Winter Quarters by Daniel Thomas; the others 
were used in assisting Presidents Y'oung and Kimball's com- 
panies. The small amount of help received from the valley at 
this point was a disappointment. President Young had thought 
with good reason that the people in the Valley would have it in 
their power, aud would esteem it as a pleasure— all having cov- 
enanted to help each other until all were gathered to the moun- 
tains—to send back teams to help the companies who were on 
the road into the Valley. He and the brethren were disap- 
pointed, therefore, in meeting eighteen wagons aluost broken 
down, most of them needipg the resetting of their tires, six 
of them without any appearance of a cover and some even 
without bows, and many of the cattle footsore; and especially 
to learn by letter from the Valley that these were "all the 
teams that we could spare, that were fit to go." They had 
hoped to be able, with the help received from the valley, to 
send teams to Winter Quarters after the mill irons, millstones, 
printing presses, type, paper, and carding machine; but with 
the few wagous and teams which had been sent them this could 
not be done. 

Three days after meeting these teams, Presideut Young sent 
a letter, under date of July 17th, to the Valley. It had the 
effect t.. stir up the authorities there to make greater exertions 
to fit out teams and wagons to send back to help the emigrating 
conipauies. That letter reached the valley on the 6th of Au- 



gust. On the 9th it was answered; this answer President 
Young received on the 23rd of August. Respecting the send- 
ing back of help, the letter said; 

''As early as was thought prudent we started back all the 
wagons, oxen and men that the people thought they could spare 
at the time; aud under the circumstauces it was deemed best to 
let that suffice until we could hear from you. We are now busy 
setting tires, hub-bands, &c, and raising all the men, oxen and 
well-fitted wagons that we can send to you as speedily as possi- 
ble, and we shall keep starting them off until we send all we 
have to spare, or until we receive word from you that you have 
teams and wagons enough." 

A few days after the receipt of this letter, President Young 
met, on the Sweetwater, 47 wagons and 124 yoke of cattle, 
which had been sent from the Valley for the assistance of the 
companies in charge of Brothers Lorenzo Snow and Abraham 
O. Smoot. This was a timely aud most welcome relief. Pres- 
idents Young and Kimball then sent back to Winter Quarters, 
in charge of Allen Taylor, 48 men and boys, 59 wagons, 121 
yokes of cattle, 44 mules and horses. 

(To be continued ) 




[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



$mh Qmom itt flirmista. 

f ? W 



METAL ELKinynEIsrTS -3STO. 3. 



BY a typographical error in the last lesson aluurinu.u is iuc r- 
rectiy stated to be 17 instead of 14, which is the combining 
weight. It will be well to make a note of this error in the 
margin. The first lesson is on the non-metal the second on 
the metal elements. These elements are 65 in number. Very 
few of them are met with iu nature as simple elements, that is 
uncombined with other elementary bodies. 

Among non-metals carbon (in the state of diamond and 
graphite) and sulphur are found native. Among metals gold, 
silver, platinum, and a few others are louud, generally as alloys. 

When metals are combiued with other elements as iu miner- 
als, they are natural compounds; such as the ores of iron, lead, 
&C. which are designated as oxides, sulphides, carbouates, &c, 
of certain metals, to show what they are composed of, aud by 
special names, as hematite iron ore, pyrites, galeua, &c, to 
show the mineralogical form of the particular compounds or 
species. . 

Many elements retain their old names, as sulphur, iron, gold, 
some of which have also a scientific name, as ferruui, (iron) 
aurum, (gold) argentum, (silver). Many metals have names 
ending in uni, as potassium, the oxides of which end in a, as 
potassa, sodium, soda, aluminum, alumina. Common usage, 
however, has caused specific names to be given to various com- 
pounds, as lime for calcic oxide, (Ca O, quicklime) litharge lor 
plumbic oxide, (I'b O, oxide of lead) rust for ferric oxide, (2 
Fe, 3 0, sesqui oxide of iron). 

Many elements received names from some quality, or supposed 
quality pertaining to them, and the Creek aud Latiu languages 
have been resorted to to simplify the names and for the sake of 
brevity. Oxygen means the acid former or generator, because 
acids are produced by the action of oxygen on various bodies. 
Oxydized wine is acid, we call it vinegar, oxydized sulphur is 
sulphurous or sulphuric acid. Not that all the compounds of 
oxygen are sour, or even called acids, but to give one of the 
leading characteristics of the then supposed action of oxygen. 
Hydrogen means the water producer or generator, because it 
was found that hydrogen when burned together with oxygc n 




I ■ I- 



^ 



CT TT "V IE I£T I LIE I1TSTRTJOTOB. 



183 




produced water. Nitrogen is from nitron (nitre) and gennao, ' 
(to produce) and as this element produces an acid with oxygen 
that forms nitre, the name is appropriate. Chlorine means 
green, the color of that gaseous element. Bromine is named 
from its odor, from a word which means stinking. Iodine is 
named from its violet colored vapor. Fluorine from fluor spar, 
tha mineral from which it is obtained. Selenium was named 
by one of the most celebrated chemists for a very singular reason; 
when he first discovered the element he thought it was tellurium, 
a metal named after tellus, a classical name for the earth; when 
he found he was mistaken, he named the new element after 
selene, which means the moon. Phosphorus means light-bearer, 
because it shines in the dark. Carbon means coal; charcoal is 
impure carbon; the diamond is pure carbon. 

Among metals potassium takes its name from potash — pot 
and ash, as it was formerly made from washing the ashes of 
wood and crystalized in pots. Caesium means grayish blue, 
Rubidium, red color (ruby color); these names allude to the 
color of the light of the vapor of the respective metals. Barium 
is named from barus, heavy, on account of the great weight of 
its oxide, baryta; strontium from a place named Strontain in 
Scotland, where the earth was first noticed. Alumiuum derives 
its name from alum, of which it is a chief constituent. The 
metals :f the earth gencr lly take their names from the miner- 
als iu which they are found, or the places where they abound. 
The origiu of the names of most of the common metals is un- 
known, although they were doubtless named from some quality 
or circumstance connected with their history. Cuprum, the 
Latin name of copper, is derived from Cyprus, the place where 
that metal was first made by the Greeks. Stibium, the name of 
antimony, was anciently given to the sulphide of antimony 
because it was used as a pigment by the ladies of Greece and 
of Asia to paint their eye-lashes. In old alchemical works, 
gold is called Sol (the sun); silver is Luna and Diana (the 
moon); quicksilver is Mercury; copper is Venus; iron is Mars; 
tin is Jupiter; lead is Saturn. Some of our modern discover- 
ers of metals have named elements after planets, as Uranium 
after Urauus, and some after heathen gods, as Vanadium after 
Vauadis, a Seandivavian deity. It would be better that scien- 
tists should use names that would be helps to remember the 
qualities or histories of metals. Molybdenum means resembling 
lead; this is a sensible name and worthy of a modern chemist, 
because it describes a quality of that element; Tautalmu was 
found in tantalite, a uiiueral of North x\uierica, and, as Colum- 
bia is the name of that country, the metal has been given the 
name of Columbium as well as Tantalum. 

Beth. 



GUTTA H? IE 1R, O H! ^ . 




SINGAPORE, as everybody knows, is a city of South 
crn India, situated at the extremity of the long and 
narrow isthmus of Malacca. It is almost exactly under the 
equator, and consequently has a very hot climate. Indeed, the 
heat aud iusalubrity of the coast prevented, to a great degree, 
the explorations necessary to a knowledge of the natural pro- 
ducts of the region, until a comparatively recent date. 

More than thirty years ago, an English physician named 
Montgomery, who was spending a little time at Singapore, took 
it into his head, one day, to ramble in the skirts of the tropical 
forests which at that period stretched northward at no great 
distance from the town. The heat being oppressive, he kept 
on having in view the denser shade of certain large trees which 
he perceived in advance of him. While resting here a few 
minutes, he heard the sound of the ax, and concluded to follow 
it though it led him deeper into the thicket than he at first 
:iitendcd to go. He came, at length, to a group of native wood- 



cutters, busy at their work of leveling trees with the clumsy 
parang, a rude instrument of the hatchet kind. 

Sitting down on a log to watch them, he noticed one of these 
instruments stuck into it with the handle toward him. This 
led the doctor to observe it carefully; and he saw with surprise, 
that upon it were carvings, as he supposed, of quite an elaborate 
character, giving the handle a highly ornamental appearence. 
■ Its material, too, excited ' his curiosity, and, as he could not 
make out what kind of wood it was, he called one of the 
workmen and inquired. He was told that the handle of the 
parang was not of wood, but was made of the gum of just 
such trees as they were then and there cutting! We may 
imagine with what interest our scientific doctor prosecuted his in- 
quiries about this substance, of which he had never before heard. 

"It is just the gum of these percha trees," said the native, 
in the worst possible English, but which the awakened interlo- 
cutor helped him somehow, to make out; "See, here is some of 
the gutta (or gum;) it new looks like dirty milk, but will soon 
harden in the air. Then, if you put it into hot water, it will 
grow soft again, aud you can make it into any shape you choose. 
You can indent it with furrows, or press it into any ornament 
you like, and it will take the exact form of it. This is my 
parang, aud I made the handle ,myself iu that way. When 
cooled, it retains all these pictures, and looks as you see, like 
carving." 

Dr. Montgomery farther learned from his simple informant, 
that the Malay people had used this substance fiom ancient 
times to make various articles of convenience, such as whips, 
shoes, jugs, basins, etc., some of which had occasionally 
attracted the notice of foreigners, but there had never been any 
demand in market for the gum, and it was only gathered in 
small quantities by any one »vho wanted it for home use. It 
was not considered of sufficient value to lead to the protection 
of the trees, which were destroyed iu the rude methods of pro- 
curing the gum resorted to by the natives. 

This led to a careful examination of the trees themselves, by 
the doctor, who was beginning to comprehend what value such 
a singular substance might acquire in the hands of those who 
could turn it to skillful or scientific account. The trees grew all 
around him to the hight of fifty or sixty feet, with truuks from 
two to th ee feet iu diameter. The leaves were of a pale green 
on the upper surface, and beneath of a lighter color, aud covered 
with reddish brown hairs. The gum was abundant ) and would 
flow readily from any slit or puncture of the bark; the natives 
usually felled the tree to obtaiu it more readily. The forests at 
that time were generally considered common property, out of 
which any one might appropriate what he chose. And as the 
gum iu question had no commercial value, uobody knew or cared 
how many of these valuable trees were annually destroyed. 

Doctor Montgomery returned from his ramble in the forest 
much wiser than he was before, on one subject at least. He 
revolved it in his mind, obtained additional information, made 
tests and trials with the "gutta," called it to the attention of 
some of the foreign residents at Singapore, and finally wrote 
a minute account and forwarded specimens of it to several of 
his scientific 'rieuds in Europe. And though at first the inter- 
est manifested by his countrymen seemed tardy and incredulous 
it was at length fully awakened. The properties of the new 
product were examined and its applicability to a great number 
of uses in manufacture and the arts fully demonstrated by 
experiment. 

At the present momeut the well known substance, gutta per« 
cha, (its Malay name having been retained, which means gum 
of the percha tree,) is one of the most important articles of 
modern commerce. And the purposes it is made to serve by 
skill and science are almost Infinitely more numerous than our 
honest doctor's most sanguine expectations could conceive, as 
he examined the handle of a Malay parang, sitting on a percha 
log at Singapore, forty years ago. 





:i84 



JTJVENILB INSTBUOTOR. 




WOKDS BY H. M.UBEN. 

Moderato: 



ZIOIT IS GBOWIUG. 

[Tune: — Lillet's a La^y.] 



Music Aukanqed et Phof C. J. Thomas. 



O 

o 




it& 



3-T 



r=r 



S 



s=r=r 



5=t 



As 



§HgHil 



children of 



Zi - on our 



: t— r 



-0 — 0—£- 

I I I 



J£=*fc 



voices we 

1« — *- 



^&e^1 



-» — #- 



raise In 

£2 : 



=P 



songs of re- 

— a,— *— f*- 



-* rr 1 1- 



r^ 



*3£ 



# 



z»pzg=Jz 



=r=z: 



3S=H~ 



joicing, thanks - giving and 

-m — * — * — . — m — * — m~ 



± 



t=t 



^ r-i — r 



praise; vie re 

-f= — *— 



happy and 



m 



i 

free as 

— S — »- 



t 



-m — r 

mortals can 

_* 



lUi 



:t= 



3= 

be, And 
«s 



:£=£: 



1 



PI 



^J 



Zi - on, 






=1= 



=t 



d— I— «n 



=S=* 



=|: 



2* 



_^: 



Zi - on 



i 



Zi - on 



it 



growing, 

— m — m- 



Zi - on, 

-m—f 2 - 



-^ 



Zi - on, 

0- f=2. 



I 



Zi - on is growing 

-M-n-*zz±=t-zx-- 



±r 



Iu Bone, shall our Father and God lie 

adored, 
For he hati: In mercy the gospel re- 
stored. 
And we, in our youth 
Can vouch for Its truth, 
For Zion. Zion, Zlon Is crowing, 
Zion, Zion, Zion is growing 



We hope to prove faithful to God and his 

laws, 
And aid the advancement of Zion's great 
cause; 
For therein is joy, 
Which none can destroy; 
Thus Zion, Zion, Zion is growing, 
Zion, Zion, Zion is growing. 



All praise to our Father, his priesthood 

and power, 
And thanks for his blessings he on us 
doth shower: 
Whereby we progress, 
A 6 onward we press 
While Zion, Zion, Zion Is growing, 
Zion, Zion Zion is growing. 



OTJB DA RLIITG 



Bouncing like a foot-hall, 

Kicking at the door; 
Falling from the ta>>Ie-top, 

Sprawling on the floor-, 
Smashing cups and saucers, 

Splitting dolly's head; 
Pulling little pus* y cat 

Into baby's bed; 
Bolldlng shops and houses, 

Spoiling father's hat; 
Hiding mother's precious keys 

I'ndcrneath the mat; 
Jumping on the fender, 

Fokini; at the fire, 
Dancing on his little leg — 

Legs that never tire — 
Making mother's heart 'cap 

Fifty times a day; 
Aping everything wc do, 

Every word wc say. 
Shouting, laughing, tumbling, 

Roaring with a will, 
Anywhere and everywhere, 

Never, never still. 
Present — bringing sunshine, 

Absent— leavinc niuht; 
That's our precious darling, 

That's our hearts' delight. 



& 



. State f icts with .1 nr ■•<., i « arguments with, calmness - ., 
and relate stories with truth and brevity. 




G H .A. TL JL. ID E . 

BY I-IYRUM. 



I am composed rf 12 letters; 
My 3, 12, 9, is a beverage we should not indulge in. 
My 0, H, 1, 10, 11, 4, is the sou ot an emperor or king. 
My 6, 7, 2, is an instrument to write with. 
My 5, 9, 6, is a delineation of countries. 
My whole is something we should avoid and shun as we 
would a demon. 



There is no better test of purity aud true goodness than 
reluctauce to think evil of one's neighbor, and absolute unwil- 
lingness to believe an evil report about good men, except upon 
the most trustworthy testimony. 



J"TJATE2sriXj^! IHSTSTZR/LrOTOIR, 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE CANNON, EDITOR 4, PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum f2 00. 

ZrT~ flraln brought to tills oily for thej .li'VENii.rc iNSTitnOTOR wil 
be received at the office of popei — Deseret News i:uhi>imjs. 



fc^- 




