" BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING Efj^^ 
GET UXDERSTAXDJNG." 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



O 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER !5, 18G7. 



NO. 24. 



xsj^j^G Ji^JsriD K. E B E ic ^ h: . 



THERE may be many who read the following brief history 
who may esteem it a very strange one, through not being 
familiar with the laws of marriage that were in force amongst 
the ancient servants of God. In the early days of this world's 
history, the Lord gave his servants entire control over the 
lives and fortunes of their offspring. No mattei how old the 
child might be, while its parents lived, it was subject to them 
in all things. And this is according to the law of the Lord. 



] earth, and they will require the laws of the gospel to set them 

right. Now to our story. 

Abraham, the father of the faithful and the friend of God, 

had a son given to him in his old age, whom he called Isaac. 

By the time this son had grown to niiinhood Abraham felf his 

life's career was near its close, and he desired to see his boy 
' married before he died. So he called to him the chief servant 
I of his household, and made him covenant with him to go to 




Amon"st other things the father had the right to choose a wife ' the land called Mesopotamia, where Abraham's family dwelt, 
f„r his .son and the parents or guardians of the nuiiden were and there find a wife \\>t hi.s s.m fmni amongst the n.enil>ers of 
tho.se who 'd.-<ided wheth.;r the ofier made to her was to be \ ills father's house. He was n.,1 willing Isaac .^h,mi.l lake b.r 
accepted or refu.sed; and action was often taken on the matter i his wife one of the mai.icns of Canaan, in winch ian.l he then 
without «.nsulting either of the young folks, ("ourting, or dwelt, as they w.re idolaC rs, and, peradventure, they might 
sparking as it i.s sometimes termed, wa-s then but little indulged lead his sou from the w.ir-hip ..(Jehovah. 

in especially without the knowledge or wmsent of "father and | In due time the .servant, whose name, we presume. wa.s 
u.other " 'ibis last practice, with much else that is bud, hu.s Eliezer, Htarted on his m..s.Hion U, Imd a brid.-, tl.oUKh not lor 
cre,,t in'to fa..hiou with the .pread of genlUe cu.stomH over the , hiu..sclf. He took with lum ten ol h.« ma.^ter » camels, and 



i^ 



^^- 



=fe^c! 




cr Tj -^r E j;^ 1 1., E iisrsTi^TJOTOi^, 



r-i^d 






many presents of jewels and fine linen for the bride and her 
friends. After a long and somewhat dangerous journey he 
drew near a city, in tlie country he tras bound for, called 
Nahor. Just out.side the city he found a well, near to which 
he halted his camels, and bowed himself down before God, 
and asked Ilim to jirosper his mission; asking, as a sign, that 
He would show him the damsel chosen to be the wife of Isaac 
by her giving him to drink froiu the well, when he asked it, 
and offering to water his camels also. The Lord heard his 
prayers, and for His .servant Abraham's sake, at once granted 
his desire. 

By and by a young woman came to the well to draw water. 
She was very beautiful, and a pure, kind-hearted girl besides. 
Eliezer, at once, asked for some water to cjuench his thirst; 
and great was his joy wlien she not only willing!}- comiilied with 
his request, but offered to supply the camels also. . He was 
still miire pleased to learn by inquiring of her that her name 
was Kebekah and that she belonged to the fauiily he was in 
search of Then, with thauk.sgivings he lifted up his voice 
and praised God. 

Ho nest took some of the jewels he had brought —earrings 
and bracelets of gold — and gave them to the delighted maid, 
who at once ran home to show her friends her good fortune; 
telling them the generous stranger desired to tarry the night 
beneath their roof. To tliis her brother Laban, who had charge 
of the hou.se, gave ready consent, and himself hastened to 
welcome the visitor and find food and drink for the camels, and 
a feast for their master. 

When they were seated at the supper table, Eliezer requested 
permis.sion to tell them his errand before he tasted their food. 
He then rehearsed to them how the Lord had blessed Abraham; 
their kinsman, and how the latter had sent him to his father's 
house to find a wife for his son Lsaac; how he, himself, had 
prayed by the well, and how Kebekah had come along in 
answer thereto. He then asked for her as the wife of his 
master's sdn. To this request Laban and the rest an.swered that 
since it seemed to be the will of God, it was not for them to 
say yea or nay. Nor was the young lady at all loth to leave 
her father's home to find a husband in i'ar-oft" Canaan. Then 
Laban took her. and gave her to Eliezer astiie repre.sentative of 
her betrothed liusband, and, with her handnuiidens, she depart- 
ed for her husbauil s home. It is this scene that is shown in 
our picture. 

As she left her father's house, they blessed her and said: 
"Be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed 
possess the gate of those who hate thee," and with many 
praj-ers she departed. Then Kebekah became tln^ wile of 
Isaac, and he loved her, and she was the mother of Jacob and 
Esau. The one the father of all l.'-rael, the other of the dukes 
of Edom and their descendants. Thus was her parents' bless- 
ing fulfilled on her head. G. 11. 



For the Juvenile Iii.^fnirfnr, 

HIISTOI^.'ir OiF CTDilSXJS. 



C II A P T E R I X . 

THESE are sad events in the history of Je.su.s. After what 
he had said, as related in the precciling chapter, the high 
priest then rent his clothes, and accused Jesus of having s|)oken 
blasphemy, and asked the pociple what need there was of any 
witness against him, as they had heard his blas|ihomy: and said 
"What tliink you.'" They said ''He is guilty of death." They 
then spit in Jesus' fiicc, and some struck him with their hands, 
and having covered his face, they ridiculed him, by telling him 
to iirophesy and tell them who it was that struck him. 



All this time Peter was in the palace, sitting with the ser- 
vants: and one of the servant girls said to him, "You was with 
Jesus of Galilee:" but he denied it before all that were present, 
and then the cock crowed. But Peter took no notice of it, and 
went out into the porch, where another young woman knew him 
and said to some that were standing by, "This fellow was with 
Jesus;" and this time he denied it with an oath, and said he 
did not even know the man. Then after a little while, those 
that stood by, said to him, "Surely you are one that was with 
Jesus, for your speech betrays you." Then I'eter began to 
curse and swear and said again that he did not know the num; 
and immediately the cock crew the second time and Peter 
remembered the words of Jesus, "Before the cock crows twice, 
thou shalt thrice deny me:" and he went out and wept bitterlj'. 
The ne.xt morning all the chief prie^ts and leaders of the 
people, took counsel against Jesus to put him to death; and 
they bound him and led him away and delivered him to the 
governor, whose name was Pontius Pilate. And .Jesus stood 
before the governor, who asked him if he was the kiiig of the 
Jews. Jesus replied, "you have said it." 

Then Pilate, after he had examined Jesus, said to the priests 
and to the people "I find no fiiult in this man." When they 
saw that the governor felt disposed to justify Jesus, they were 
more fierce and clamorous against him, and accused him of 
making disturbances among the people, and of teaching them 
to be disloyal to Caesar, the Koman emperor who held jurisdic- 
tion over the inhabitants of Judea, and had apiiointed Pilate, 
who was not a Jew, to be a governor in Jerusalem. 

It will be recollected that Jesus and his twelve apostles had 
come up to Jeru.salem to keep the feast of the Pa.ssover. At 
this feast it was customary to release a criminal, that is, to let 
one of the prisoners go free from prison; and Pilate, thinking 
that Jesus was innocent, tried to persuade the people to let 
him release Jesus unto them, but, as the people had the privi- 
lege of deciding which one should be set at liberty, he could 
not make the choice without their consent. There was one 
noted prisoner who had committed murder as well as other 
crimes, and they told the governor to release him and crucify 
-Jesus, although the governor continued to declare his inno- 
cence, for he knew that it was through envy that they wished 
to destroy him. While Pilate was sitting on the judgment 
seat, his wife entered the judgment hall, and told him not to 
do any thing with that just man, for she had been warned in a 
dream. But the priests were very busy with the peojjle in 
urging them to ask for the murderer, whose name was Barrab- 
bas, to be released; and Pilate asked them what he should do 
with Jesus. And' they all cried out, "Let him be crucified." 
Pilate said "Why, what evil hath he done?" But they cried 
out, "Let him be crucified." When Pilate .saw that he could 
not prevail, and that they were getting tumultuous, he took 
water and washed his hands in the sight of the multitude, and 
.said, "I am innocent of the blood of this just person — see you 
to it. I have i'ound no cause of death in him." Then all the 
people an.swered and said, "His blood be upon us, and on 
our children." And the curse of God has rested upon the 
Jews from that day to this — they have never prospered as a 
nation — the beautiful city of Jerusalem has been destroyed, 
and they have been, and ai'c still, scattered aniotig all nations: 
but, according lo the predictions of the ancient i)ro)ihets, the 
time is near, when they will return to the lami of Judea and 
rebuild the city of JerH.->alen). The Jews are proverbially 
lovers of money, and some of the largest capitalists in Europe 
are Jews. Jesus was betrayed for money; Judas received 
thirty pieces of silver for betraying Jesus to Id.s enemies. But 
the money did him no good — he got it wickedly and his guilty 
conscience gave him no jjcace, for as .soon as he saw that Jesus 
was condemned, he was sorry I'or what he had done, and he 




a"TJ"V^E3^IXjE in^STI^TJCTOI^ 






brought the thirty pieces of silver back to the chief priests, of 
whom he had received it, saying "I have sinucd in betraving 
innocent blood:" they said to him "What is that to us?" Judas 
threw the money down in the temple, and went out and died 
an ignominious death, such as a traitor merits. No character 
is more despicable than that of a traitor, and no death was 
considered so disgraceful by the Jews as hanging. It is said 
of Judas that he hung himself. E. 11. S. 

^^3^3^^^ ro Prt^ 

LIIFE! OIF OEOI^G-E 

STEi^HiiBn^rsonsr. 



Taken from a little work — The 'Rocv.'ET^published by the 
American Tract Society. 



HI'NTING UP niS OVVX WORK— AN ENTERrRISlNG QUAKER— 
WHAT ^VAS THE RESULT. 



IT appears strange to us that so simple a thing as the laying 
of a rail seems to be should have taken years of thought 
and experiment to do it. jN'othing looks easier to have done 
than the straight smooth track of a railway, such as we now see 
in use; and yet it was only arrived at by slow steps through two 
hundred years. 

In pondering upon the powers of "Puffing Billy," George 
Stephenson saw that the efficiency of locomotives must, in a 
great measure, depend upon what kind of roads they had to 
run upon. Many were sanguine that steam-carriages would 
some day come into use on the common roads. After a long 
series of experiments, George Stephenson said, "No — the thing 
wouldn't pay." For a rough surface seriously impairs the 
power of a locomotive; sand scattered upon the rails is suffi- 
cient to slacken, and even stop an engine. The least possible 
friction is desirable, and this is found on the smooth rail. 

Could they ever be laid up hill, or on "ascending gradients," 
as the scientific term is? No, as nearly level as possible, 
Stephenson's experiments showed, was the best economy of 
power. Then how to get rid of the jolts and jars and break- 
ages of the rails as they were then laid. He studied and ex- 
perimented upon both chairs and sleepers, and finally embodied 
all ids imp rovements in the colliery rail-way. 

"Puffing Billy" was in every respect a most remarkable jiiece 
of machinery, and its constructor one of the most sagacious 
and persistent of men. But how was the public, ever slow in 
discovering true merit or accepting real benefits, to discover 
and aiipreciate them? Neither influence, education, nor patron- 
age had Stephunson, to couiujand mind and means, or to drive 
his engine, through prejudice, indift'ercnce, and opposition, to 
profit and success. 

But what he could not do, other men could do and did do. 
Find a hook, and there is an eye to fit it somewhere. Yes, 
there were already men of jiroperty and standing alive with the 
new idea. While he worked, they calked. As yet unknown to 
each other, but each by himself clearing tlie track for a grand 
junction. 

One of those live men was Edward Pease, a rich Quaker of 
Darlington, who, hi-; friends said, "could 'ook a hiimheil miles 
ahead." lie needed a quicker anil easier transit for his coal 
from the collieries north of Darlington to Stockton, where 
they were shi|)ped; and Mr. I'ease began to agitate, in his 
mind, a railroad. A company for this jiurpose was firmed, 
chiefly of his own J'riends, whom he fairly talked into it. 
Scarcely twenty sliares were taken Ijy the merchants and ship 
owner."* of Stockton, who.se cjcs were not open to the advantage 
it would by and by be to tliem. A survey of the propo.sed road 
was made, when to the indilference of the many wa.s added the 



opposition 



of tiie few. A duke was afraid I'or hi.s Ibxes. 




Shareholders in the turnpikes declared it would ruin their 
stock. Timid men said it was a new thing, and it was best to 
let new things alone. The world would never improve much 
under such counsel. Edward Pease was hampered on all sides. 
Nobody convinced him that his first plan was not the right one 
by all odds; but what can a man do in any public enterprise 
without su])porters? So lie reluctantly was obliged to give up 
his railroad, and ask Parliament for liberty to build a tram 
road — horse-power instead of steam-power; he could seem to 
do no bettor, and even this was gotten only after long delay and 
at considerable cost. 

Among the thousands who carelessly read in the newspapers 
the passage through Parliament of the Stockton and Darling- 
ton Act, there was one humble man whose eye kindled as he 
read it. In his bosom it awakened a profound interest. He 
went to bed and got up brooding over it. He was hungry to 
have a hand in it. Until at last, yearning with an irrepressible 
desire to do his own work in the world, he felt he must go forth 
to seek it. 

One night a couple of strangers knocked at the door of 
Edward Pease's house in Darlington, and introduced themselves 
as two Killingworth colliers. One of them handed the master 
of the mansion a letter of introduction from a gentleman of 
Newcastle, recommending him as a man who might prove use- 
ful in carrying out his contemplated road. 

To support the application, a friend accompanied him. 

The man was George Stephenson, and his friend was Nicho- 
las Wood. It did not take long for Edward I'ease to sea 
that Stephenson was precisely the man he wanted. 

"A railway and not a tram-road," said Stephenson, when 
the subject was fairly and fully opened. 

"A horse railwaj'?" asked Pease. 

"A locomotive engine is worth fifty horses," exclaimed 
Stephenson; and once on the track, he launched out boldly in 
its behalf 

"Come over to Killingworth, and see my 'Puffing Billy,'" 
said George; "seeing is believing." And Mr._ Pease, as you 
may suppose, was quite anxious to see a machine that wciuld 
outride the fleetest horse. Yet lie did not need "Puffing 
Billy" to convince him that its constructor knew what he was 
advoealing, and could make good his i>ledges. The good Qua- 
ker's courage rajjidiy rose. He took a new start, and the con- 
.'?e<|ueiice was that all other plans and men were thrown aside, 
and Stephenson was engaged to put the road through much in 
his own way. 

The first thing to be done was to make an accurate survey of 
the proposed route. 'J\iking Robert with him, wlio had just 
come i'rom college, and entered as heartily into the enterprise as 
his father, with two other tried men, they began work in good 
earnest. From daylight till dark the surveyors were on duty. 
One of the men going to Darlington to sleep one night, four 
miles off, "Now, you" must not start from Dai-lingtoii at day- 
break," said Stephenson, "but be here, ready t > liegin work at 
daybreak." He and Robert used to Uiake their home at the 
farm-houses along the Wiiy, where his irnod-luimor and friendli- 
ness made him a great favorite. Tiie ciiildreii loved him dearly. 
The doL's wagged their apjiroviiig tails at his approach. The 
birils had a deliiihted li.-tener to their morning .songs, and every 
dmiib crrature had a kind glaiici,' from hi> IVlciidly eye. 

l!ut (Icurge was not sati>ti'd until Mr. l'ea>e came to_ 
Killiii'-'wurth to see "Pulling Billy," and beeomi' (•onviiiccd of 
its economii-al habits by an examination of ihe cullicry accounts. 
He proini.-ed, ihcrrlorc, to iMhiw (lcori;c tliilhcr, bringim; with_ 
him a large stockholder; and over they went in the summer of 
1 Slili. 

Iniiuiring for Stephenson, they were directed to the cottage 
with the stone dial over tlic door. George drove his locomotivo 
up, hoisted in the gentlemen, liiirm-sseii on a heavy Iciail, and 
away tliey went. (Jeorge no doubt sliowid "Uilly" ofl to tln^ 
best ailvaiit.ige. "Hilly" iicrfornied admirably, and ihetwo won- 
dering stockiiolders wont homo ciilhu.siastic believers in locomo- 
tive power. 

To he Continued, 



>'^ 



,y»5^- 



I 

V9 



^1( 




CTTJ^EISriLEl Il^STI^TJGTOI^ 






^U S^nHniU in-AxmUt. 



^" 


% 












GEORGE 


Q- 


C^VIVjVOIV, 


: 


EDITOll. 




DECEMBER 


lo, 


186 


7 . 




EJDITOIRI.i^X j T BZOTJG-BITS. 

HE present number completes the second 
volume of tlie Juvenile Instuctor. Two 
years have elapsed since it was commenc- 
ed — two years of pleasant association with 
our readers. At least, they have been 
enjoyed by us in writing and preparing the 
articles which have appeared. We need 
not ask our readers whether they are satis- 
fied or not. From every hand we receive 
assurances of the good the paper is doing 
how much it is liked by young and old. 
' children are not the only ones who read it; 
• are many grown peojile who peruse it with 
itcrest and profit. This is as it should be. A 
paper that would not interest grown up people 
'iX^~, would be of little benefit to children. We still desire 
i*^^ to be able to fill its couimns with instructive matter 
.)^^:^V which all can read with pleasure and profit, and tliat 
y^ will be so simple that children can not fail to under- 
stand it. We hope that our list of subscribers will be largely 
increased for volume three. We are aware that the .season 
has not been a favorable one in many places, and many, as a 
consequence, feel cramped for means; but this should not deter 
parents from furnishing their children with healthy reading. 
The cost of the paper will not be missed in a year; but the 
benefits which it will confer, we are convinced, will be very 
apparent. A bishop, the people of whose ward read, has not 
the trouble in presiding that he would have if they were averse 
to reading. In some countries, and among some people, there 
may be an ol-ject to be gained by keeping the people ignorant. 
Wicked rulers and priests n)ay think they can go\ern ignorant 
people more easily than they can those who arc intelligent; but 
this is not the case here. Knowledge is an advantage to tho.se 
who govern and to those who are governed. Our people 
cannot be too intelligent. The projihet Joseph was once asked 
by a gentleman who vi>ited Nauvoo. and who was struck by the 
peace and good order which prevailed there, how he managed 
to govern the people. His reply was; "I teach them correct 
jirinciplos, and they govern themselves." This brief reply 
contained more true principle than many a volume. A govern- 
ment ba.>-ed upon the intelligence of the people has a good 
f)undalion. Intelligent Latter-day Saints give no trouble to 
any body — they govern themselves. It is a great advantage, 
therefore, in every waj for the children to be instructed while 
young, that, when they grow up, they may be full of under- 
standing. 



ClHRLSTM.VS, merry Christmas, is once more drawing nigh! 
' How pleasing are its a.ssociations to the minds of most of 
our little readers! How high run their expectations of what 
the coming day may bring forth. Bright hopes and merry 
fancies run riot through their brains, ba.sed on the memories of 
past jileasures. Sleigh rides, social parties, hajipy meetings, 
in-door romps, out-door games, forfeits, feasts, ]ilea.sant visits, 
Santa Clans with his many welcome gifts and joyous surprises 
all fill their thoughts from early dawn to latest eve, and night 
but repeats the faucies of the day. And httlc tongues pjrattle 



ana little faces glow in this time of good will to m«n and grati- 
tude to God. 

Some of our little readers may puzzle their young brains to 
find a reason why we all try to be so happy at this especial 
season. The weather is cold and gloomj-. The sun shines but 
for a few hours even on the brightest days. Dark clouds often 
cover the heavens for days, bringing fierce storms of wind, rain 
and snow in their train. The elements certainly are not propi- 
tious for merry making. But the cause is not therein. Our 
joy is not in the brightness of the sky above us, nor in the 
beauty of the hills and vales around. Neither do we celebrate 
the goodness of an earthly king, nor the birth of a nation's 
liberty. Our joy is in our God, our happiness is in his loving 
kindness. Our rejoicing is blended with that of the angels 
who many years ago, on the occasion which we celebrate at 
Christmas, sang a song of "Glory to God in the highest, on 
earth peace, good will towards men." For God so loved the 
world that he gave his only begotten Son, that who.soever 
believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life; and 
at this season we commemorate the day our Heavenly Father 
fulfilled His promise, made before the world was, and sent His 
Son into the midst of mankind to die for them, that we all 
might be free from the bonds of sin and death, and be enabled 
to once more regain our Father's glorious presence. In this is 
our joy, for this is the day* we keep as the birth day on earth 
of our Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. 

Do you know, little ones, that Jesus was the Son of God; 
that His Father sent him here to die for our sakes, that we 
through the shedding of his blood might be saved? Can you 
realize the goodness of God in giving us His only begotten Son 
for our good? If so, do you know how you can prove your 
love to Him, and your gratitude for his mercy? Shall we tell 
you? It is by keojiing His laws; loving and obeying your 
parents; being kind to all, and doing wrong to none; by listen- 
ing to the words of His priesthood. In this way will the com- 
ing of Je.sus be your salvation; for the bles.sing comes only by 
obedience. Then, while wishing you a happy Christmas, and 
happy succeeding years, we enjoin on you to remenibcr that 
this hapiiincss will not last with you through life, unless you 
love God and do His will all the time. But, when we know 
3'ou do this, we shall have joy in wishing that j'our life may be 
prolonged many, many Christmases to witness the growing 
glory of the kingdom of God, until Christ shall once more 
come to claim those who, by their obedience, faithfulness and 
love have.fitti d t'lemselves to dwell with Him otornully in His 
Father's kinLdoJi. 



® Though we keep Christmas day in mid-winter we have 
every reason to b'lieve tliat Clirist was l:)orn in tlic Spring. It 
was probaljly througli tlie niistal^o of some monk of old, who 
erred in liis calculations, that all t'liristian nations now regard 
the -.5th of Deceniljer as Christma.s day. liong custom, with its 
m.any associations, precludes the idea of changing it, even if 
Christendom could decide wliicli was the riglit day. For the 
matter of that, wo prosun\e, at present, ono day is as good as 
another to celebrate the nativity of our Lord. 



Bfl^ It is our intention to shortly publish a Title Page and 
Index for the present volume of the Juvknile Instructor, 
for the convenience of those who wish to have their papers 
bound. We will forward them to our subscribers as soon as 
they are published. • 

DST" Ottr Agents will greatly oblige us by .sending us their 
li ts of subscribers' names at as early date as practicable. By 
doing .so, they will save themselves and us considerable trouble, 
as we will be able to form some idea of the number needed. 



^^= 



t5e^ 



'Jdp 



i^ 



J'TJ^STEin^ILE IlsrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



INSERTED IN NUMBER 22, NOW RK-INSERTED WITH THEIR 

ANSWERS. 



1. When was Jesus Christ boin? and where? 

In the days of Herod (a'oout ItitiT years ago) in Bethlehem. 
Matthew, ii chap., 1 verse. 

2 Who was king over tlie country where our Savior was 
born? 

Herod. Mattliew, ii chap., 1 verse. 

3. What did tliis Icins^ do to children from two years old and 
under? and what Wiis liis desiiicn in doing tlii.s? 

He slew them in order to kill Jesus. Matthew, ii chap., IS- 
IS verses. 

4. Who baptized Jesus? 

John the Baptist. Matthew, iii chap., 13 verse. 

5. Can you name the Twelve Apostles ordained by Jesus 
while living on the earth? 

Simon and Andrew his brother, James the son of Zebedee 
and John his brother, Phillip, Bartholomew, Thomas and 
Matthew the publican; James the sou of Alpheus and Leb- 
beus whose surname was Thaddeus, Simon the Canaanite 
and Judas Iscariot. Matthew, x chap., 2-3-4 verses. 

6. Who was the mother of Zebcilee's children? 
Mary. Matthew, xxvii chap., 57 verse. 

7. What act have we on record which Joseph of Arimathsea 
did soon after Jesus was criipitied? 

He buried Jesus in his own new tomb. Matthew, xxvii 
chap., (JO verse. 

8. What is the meaning of the word Golgotha? 
Place of a Skull. Matthew, xxvii cliap., 33 verse. 



%l%Ht Pt(org$» 



J^or t/ie Juvenile Instructor. 

little george dine.s off a potato pie. 

a true stoet. 

[second part.] 

IITTLE GEORGE passed his time verj- pleasantly outsirle 
J and in the neighborhood of the chapel until 12 o'clock. 
At 12 o'clock all the clmn-hes and chapels in the big city let 
out their congregations for dinner. lie soon found his new 
aajuaintance, and they went homo together to get tjieir dinners. 

As they were entering the front door, they met the master, 
with a clean towel in his hand, going to a neighboring bake- 
hou.se to get their dinner, which had been sent there in the 
morning to bake. 

They liad bake-houses all over the big city, which saved a 
great quantity of coal to the people, who sent their bread and 
pies to be baked, and their njeat to be roasted fur dinner. On 
Sundays they baked dinners for a penny each (a pctnny is two 
cents ) This was a good thing fur the niotlicrs of little buys 
and girls who wanted to go to njceting, fur llicy cu\ild jircpare 
their dinners in the moining, and send tlicni to tjiu hake-huuse 
where they were being cooked while the iolks wcie al clnin-li. 
They were always ready to be brought from the bake-house al 
J i; o'clock. 

\\'\un he liad entered through the ijarlor into the kitchen, 
little (ieurge's kind mistress took off his iiat, and gave him ii 
little stool to sit upon by the side of the fire, on the side wliere 
she always sat, fur she always sat on one side, and the :naster 
on the other side. 

A three-legged round table filoud in the middle uf the floor, 




%^^- 



with a clean, white cloth thrown over it, and plates and knives 
and forks and spoons placed all around the edge of the table; 
a glass salt cellar, and a japanned tin pepper box stood like 
two little soldiers inside the circle of plates, to keep them and 
their companions, the spoons and knives and forks, from 
running away from their posts of duty. 

The master now came in with a big pic in his hands, and 
placed it right in the centre of the talile, smoking hot and 
beautifully baked. You must not forget that little George was 
a very healthy boy. and was always ready to eat his meals with 
a good appetite. He liked the taste of good things, the same 
as the healthy little hoj-s and girls in the Salt Lake countrj- do; 
and he also had a keen smell too, for, when the pie was brought 
into the house, the smell of it fairl> made his teeth water; and 
he sat on the stool by the side of the lire, he thought to him- 
self, how good it will be to eat some of that nice ]>ie. 

All was ready now for dinner, and the little family gathered 
around the table.. The master sat in a big armed chair with a 
rush bottom, the mistress sat oft a rocking chair, without arms, 
with a rush bottom, and little George was jilaced beside his 
kind mistress on another chair with a rush bottom; indeed all 
the chairs in the house had rush bottoms. 

The master asked a bles.sing, which was not a ver>-long ble.^s- 
ing, and little George liked it better for that. Now, all was 
ready to open the pie, and every eye was fixed ujion its brown, 
shiny face, as it stood in the centre of the round table. The 
mistress arose with a knife in her hand, and carefully introduced 
it into the centre of the pie and made it pass throngh the short, 
rich, hght crust to the edge of the dish, she did the same 
again, and carefully lifted ujj a three cornered jiiece of crust, at 
the same time she looked slyly into the pie, and plea.sed with 
what she saw, .she smlderdy rolled the three cornered piece of 
crust on the top of the pie. Then, O what a steaming, jiijiing 
hot ma.ss of potatoes and meat, .seasoned with pepjier and .-^ilt 
met the eye. Little George actually forgot the pin in his jiants, 
and he even forgot the wicked boy that so maliciously jilaced it 
there without being asked to do so, he felt so hajipy that he 
was about to eat of such a good pie. 

The kind mistress now dealt out a three cornered piece of 
crust, and a few .spoons-full of the equally mi.xed and well 
cooked and savory potatoes and meat on each plate, and suun 
every one sitting at that little round table were lost to all earthly 
cares and considerations, except the pleasure of eating 
of a good potatoe pie. Every heart felt to be joyful; the 
very canary bird, mistress' pet, which hung opposite the 
kitchen window from the ceiling, licgan tu wlii^tle with noi.-y 
glee; and puss on the hearth purred wilh gladness to .see every- 
body so happy, no doubt exjiecting to have a chance after her 
.superiors were done eating to get some rich ciunibs from tiiu 
master's table. They had neither tea nor coH'ce, but good 
water to drink; neither did they have pics nor cakes made of 
flour and fat, but they had all the i)Otato pic to cut that tiny 
wanted. 

The i)Otato pie is the great dinner of the laboring classes of 
the big city; and it is a dinner lit for a monarch. Would you 
like to know huw an English iKjlato pie i.^ made? 

You say you wuidd. 

^Vell, I will tell you; and then yuu can get yuur niaminns to 
make one some day, and yuu will nut wonder thai little George 
liked it so Well. 

In tile first place, the crust that <'uvrrs lln' potatoes nnd moat 
must bo maile. 'J'here are two or three ways of making a cnisl 
fur a good, healthy jiotiito pie. One wiiy is to niix a great 
iiuantily of hug's lard witii Hour, and then makti it into dough 
with water. Tliat is nut so guud a way u.s to Hike gund mutton 
I ur beef suet, and chop it up until it i.s nhuost ii.s tine nit eiirii- 
thoiuuglily with flour, and make it into 

— iir^^c^ 



thi-n nux it 



I 



6^^, 190 



CTTJ^En^ILIB IISrSTI^TJCTOl^. 




dough with water; and this is not so good for little boys and 
girls to eat, as a pie crust made of a piece of the same kind of 
dough that your liglit broad is made of. I would recommend 
this last kind of crust for a potato pie as the healthiest of the 
throe. Yon next cut your meat into little bits; (mutton is the 
best) and properly sca.^on it, and mix it with potatoes and a 
small onion, which are also cut into little liits. You now get a 
clean dish, or a stove oven pan will do, which you fill u]i with 
youi potatoes and meat to the edges of the pan or dish and 
make rounding in the middle. iVow cover it over with the 
ddugh, and bake until thoroughly done. You can eat of such 
a i)ie until 3'ou are quite satisfied, and it will not hurt you one 
bit. Try it some day. Get mamma to make you one of Uncle 
George's potatoe pies. 

Little George got through eating his dinner, and he fairly 
sighed because he could eat no more. He felt just then that he 
never wanted to eat any more while he lived; and wished that 
he might never have a worse dinner than a good jiotato pie. 

Uncle George. 



c/-> V > -."" ^ ^ 









$♦ 



J-yr the Juii')iilc Inslructor. 

"VISIT 2CAr . 



THE LUill) WILL niOVIDE. 

[rONTINUKP.] 

THE next morning, after breakfast, papa had gone to work, 
and the sisters were helping mamma to clear away the 
breakfiist things. 

Elder E. sat watching the little maidens who made them- 
selves so useful, thinking of the dear ones at home, and indulg- 
ing in a delightful reverie, when, turning to mamma, he said, 
"Madam, I much admire the noble manner in which you are 
educating your children. You are training them to become 
useful, hajipy women; for, indeed, there is no true happiness 
without labor." 

"I believe that," said mamma, "and I fed very happy in 
having such useful girls. They are a great blessing to me." 

''Happy indeed ;ire the children who have a good, kind, and 
wise mother," said Elder li,, '"who will take pleasure in 
instructing them to become useful men and women. The best 
and noblest men who have ever lived, have alwaj-s confessed 
that they owed their success and goodness in life, to the foun- 
dation that was laid in their youth by the kind care and wise 
counsels of their noble mothers. I must confess I have never 
viewed woman in a more glorious light, than prejiaring their 
son> and dau-hters for the battle of life." 

■"That is true," rcplic^d mamma. ''I was happy in having a 
very strict but very kind mother who, in my early days, taught 
me the value of an active, u.seful life, and I have grown into it; 
it wnuld bo as irksome for me to spend my days in idleness, as it 
would bo for an i'lle jicrson to have to employ their time in 
u.scl'ul labor." 

"That is a ]jrliicinlc that over-indulgent mothers do not 
undcrstanil," said Elder \\. "They forget that in shielding 
their children from labor in their yo\ith, they unfit them for 
the real life that lies before them; I say real life, because there 
is always more or loss romance in the imagination of the young. 
It is not en lugh that they shoulil go to school, and learn to 
read and write, with other necessary branches of education, but 
they must learn the science of domestic life and hapjiiness at 




home as well. An incident which will illustrate this, comes to 
my mind. An amiable lady had a daughter of whom she was 
very fond, and, although she was very rich and had many 
servants, she would have her dauahter taught what was termed 
the drudgery of life, for it was a maxim with her, tliat it was 
impossible for her to know if anything was done well, if she 
could not do it herself So the young lady was taught to wash 
dishes, make beds, .<;weep the house, cook, make jiies and pre- 
serves, and do every kind of useful work in the liousehold, as 
well as to learn music, singing and other accomplishments. In 
after life she reaped the benefits of her mother's wisdom and 
care. Some few years after the young lady's marriage her 
hu.sband failed in business, and they were reduced to very 
straitened circumstances. Then her early household educa- 
tion enabled her to be a great help to her husband, and by care, 
economy and frugality she brought up her fiimily in a very 
praiseworthy manner and assisted her husband to regain his 
position in business. 'Every wise woman buildeth her house: 
but the foolish iilucketh it down with her hands." " 

Elder 11. drew Mary towards him, and said to her, "come, 
tell me, do you not sometimes think you have too much to do?" 

"Yes, sir," an.swered Mary; "when I want to play or dress 
my doll, I wisli 1 had not to assist mamma, but I always feel 
happier when I do what she bids me." 

"Spoken like a truthful girl," said Elder E., "when j'ou 
grow n\> to be a woujan, you will greatly prize your nuimma." 

"0, I do prize her now, and love her dearly, "said Mary. 

"I do not doubt that," said Elder E., "but j'OU cannot 
understand to-day the value of the education she is giving you, 
by teaching you household economy. The labor is conducive 
to health. If children would always strive to obey their 
parents, and to assist mamma, they would grow into usefulness. 
1 say, grow into, becau,se in the history of a life, 'as the twig 
is bent so the tree inclines,' and the value of your future life 
depends upon the foundation you lay to-day. The care taken 
by your grandniamnui, to teach mamma when she was young, 
has given her an experience that you reap the benefit of to-day; 
and you, in your turn, will some day benefit unborn genera- 
tions." And turning to manuna. he continued, '"Thus, madam, 
the work of regeneration for the future begins; it is not what 
others do, it is what we do ourselves, that has the influence to 
bring about the reign of peace which we all desire should 
prova 1. 

"But I must bring my visit to a close. I liave, indeed, spent 
a very pleasant season in your happy household, and regret 
that my duties comjiel me to leave. I hope you will read and 
carefully consider the jirinciples contained in the books I leave 
you; and should I vi.^it this town again, I shall be hajjjiy to call 
and see you." 

Mamma expressed her regret at his short stay, and gave him 
a warm invitation to call and see them again, and to write to 
her husband of his welliire. 

This Elder E. promised to do, and departed on his mission 
to warn and gather Israel. 



PI'EAK KINDLY.— Speak kindly to your brother; kind 
words are as i^a.^ily .said as harsh ones. See! there arc tears in 
his eyes. It is bat a moment since, that his happy laugh filled 
ihe whole room. Are .vou not sorry tliat a single word, rougidy 
spoken by you, should have chased the sunshine i'rom that 
.■iweot little face? I am sure j'ou are. Go and ki.ss him, and 
sjicak to him kindly and gently, and tell liim you are soriy for 
what y<iu .siid. There,- — now his tears are all gone, and his 
dear little arn)s are around j'our nock. Never sjieak harshly 
to liim again; nor, indeed, to any one. Kind words are easily- 
said, anil they do good to all, wliile angry words hui't as badly 
as blows, and, soujotimes, a great deal worse. 



0" Tj ^sr E] n^ I L E in^sTE.TJOTOi^ 




linrj^aiiri^ 






THE 



N tlie last chajiter we told you tl at Nauvoo, 
or Comiiievce, as it was first called, was 
not a healtliy place. Considerable sickness 
jirevailed thei'C, and many were prostrated 
bv it. But God did not forget His pronii- 
.ses to His people, and He sustained and 
^^J^-^ upheld His servant Joseph. There was 
f%J^^ one day when God's power was poured 
out to a wonderful extent. Knowing that 
Brother Wilf'ord Woodruff was an eye 
witness to many of the incidents which occurred 
on that day, and that he is very paiticular iu 
keeping a journal, we asked him to write a 
description of those interesting events, that our 
readers might become familiar with them. He 
very kindly complied with our wish, and we take 
easure in laying this account before you. 
"In consequence of the persecutions of the Saints 
Missouri, and the exposures to which they were 
subjected, many of them were taken sick soon after their 
arrival at Commerce, afterwards called Nauvoo; and, as there 




were but a sma 



11 number of dwi 



for ti 



icm to occupy, 



Jo.seph had filled his house and tents with them, and through 
constantly attending to their wants, he .soon fL-U sick himself. 
After being confined to his house several days, and while 
meditating upon his situation, he had a great desire to attend 
to the duties of his office. On the morning of the 22nd of 
July, 1839, he arose from his bed and commenced to adminLs- 
ter to the sick in his own house and door-yard, f(nd lie command- 
ed them in the name of the Lord Jesus Chri.st to arise and be 
made whole; and the sick were healed upon eveiy side of him. 
"Many lay .sick along the bank of the river, and Joseph 
walked along up to the lower stone house, occupied by Sidney 
Rigdon, and he healed all the sick that lay in his jiath. Among 
the number was Henry G. Sherwood, who was nigh unto death. 
Joseph stood in the mouth of his tent and conimnndod him in 
the name of Jesus Christ to arise and come out of liis tent, and 
he obej-ed him and was healed. Brother Benjamin Brown and 
his fiimily also lay sick, the former aiipearing to be in a dying 
condition. Josejih healed them in the name of the Lord. 
After healing all that lay sick upon the bank of tlie river as far 
as the stone house, he called upon Elder Kimball and some 
others to accompany him across the river to visit the sick at 
Montrose. Many of the Saints were living at the old Military 
Barracks. Among the nuiriber were several of the Twelve. 
On his arrival, the fir.st house he visited was that occupied by 
Elder Brigliam Young, the President of the (Juoruni of the 
Twelve, who lay sick. Jo.seph healed him, when he arose and 
accomiianied the prophet on his visit to others who were in the 
same condition. 'I'licy vi.sitcd Elder W. Woodruff, also Elders 
Orson Pratt and J(din Taylor, all of whom were living in 
MoHtro.se. They also acconijianied him. The next place tluiy 
visited was the home of Elijah l''ordhain, who w.is su| po.scd to 
be about breathing his ki'.^t. Winn the ci>m)ia?iy entered the 
room the i)rophct of God walked up to the dying man, and 
took hold of his riglit hand and spoke to him; hut Brother 
Eordham was unable to sjicak, his eyes wore set in liis head 
like glass, and he seemed entirely uiicoiisciou.s of all around 

^ t?'^'^-^ —^11 ■! I III ■ I I I I 



him. Joseph held his hand and looked in his eyes in silence 
for a length of time. A change in the countenance of Brother 
Fordham was soon perceptible to all present. His sight 
returned, and upon Joseph asking him if he knew him, he. in 
a low wliisper, answered 'Yes.' Joseph asked if he had 
faith to be healed. He answered 'I fear it is too late, if you 
had come .sooner I think I could have been healed.' The 
prophet said, 'do you not believe in Jesus Christ?' He 
answered in a feeble voice, 'I do.' Joseph then stood erect, 
still holding his hand in silence several moments, then he spoke 
in a very loud voic:, .saying, 'Brother Fordham, I command 
j'ou in the name of Jesus Christ to arise from this bed and be 
made whole.' His voice was like the voice of God and not of 
man. It seemed as though the house shook to its very founda- 
tion. Brother Fordham aro.se from his bed, and was immedi- 
ately made whole. His feet were bound in poultices, which he 
kicked off, then putting on his clothes he ate a bowl of bread 
and milk and followed the prophet into the street. The com- 
pany next visited Brother Joseph Bates Noble, who lay very 
sick. He also was healed by the prophet. By this time the 
wicked became alarmed, and followed the company into Brother 
Noble's hou.se. After brother Noble was healed all kneeled 
down to pray. Brother Fordham was month, and, while pray- 
ing, he fell to the floor. The iirojihct arose, and looking 
around, he saw quite a number of unbelievers in the house, 
whom he ordered out. When the room was cleared of the 
wicked Brother Fordham came to and fini.shcd his prayer. 

"After healing the sick in Montrose, all the company followed 
Joseph to the bank of the river, where he was going to take 
the boat to return hoiue. While waiting for the boat, a man 
from the West, who had seen that the sick and dying were 
healed, asked Joseph \f he would not go to his house and heal 
two of his children, who were very sick; they were twins and 
were three months old. Joseph told the man he could not go; 
but he would send some one to heal them. He told Elder ^Vood- 
ruff to go with the man and heal his children. At the same time 
he took from his pocket a silk bandanna handkerchief, and 
tave it to Brother AVoodruft', telling him to wipe the faces of 
the children with it, and they should be healed, and remaikcd 
at the same time: 'as long as you keep that handkerchief it 
shall remain a league between you and me.' Elder Woodruff 
did as he was commanded, and the children were healed, and 
he keeps the haiidkercliief to this day. 

"There were many sick whom Joseidi could not visit, so he 
counselled the Twelve to go and visit and heal them, and many 
where healed under their hands. On the day liillowing tli.it 
uiion which the aliove-dcscrilicd events took place Joseph sent 
Eiders George A. and l^on Carlos Smith up the river to heal 
the sick. They went up as far.-is Ebenczcr Bobin.-^on s — one or 
two miles, and did as they were commanded, and the sick were 
healed." 



HAPiT) WOPil^S.— Tt is a serious thing when a 111 lie boy is 
reading along nicely to coino across a hard word. J5nt lie will 
soon get the better of it if he walks right uii to it, and attacks 
it and masters it af't(!r a manly I'a'-hion. ll he does that way it 
will never trouble him again; but if ho crawls around it, or 
mundiles it ovi-r, and sluitfli^s along when he meets it again, 
then it will lie just as hard as ever. A little fellow once came 
across those hard names in the Bible. Shadrnch, Me.shach, and 
.\bediiego. He tried a little to jironoiince tiioni after the 
tearher, but soon gave it up and I'ricd about it. So the teachi-r 
told him he miuht pass over them, and he thought lie had got 
ailing very well. 

A few days afterward tli^- teiiclnr had him read the samo 
lesson again, and soon he came to the three hard words that 



P 









J" TJ "V" E! 3^ I L E in^STI^TJGTOI^ 



-^Vi 



had conquered him before. When he saw them be began to 
make a pitiful, sniveling face, and then he whined out, 
"Teacher, there's them three fellers again!" forshamel to 
be conquered by three hard words. 



f ritjittjil $u0lt5f|» 



*^i. 

s 



J^oc tJie Juvenile Instructor. 



S^ZSTTJL OLJ^TTS 



TRVE STORY Ff>R THE CHILDREN. 



<•'>.' 



I had a little l)rother once, 

A curious child indeed; 
Brig-ht, active, notliing of a dunce, 

Yet would not learn to read. 
So mucli '{gainst l>onks his mind was set 

When he was live years old, 
He knew not even the Alphabet, 

Thc>uu;h oft he had Ix'en told. 
!Now Christmas time was coming on, 

But mother said, "I fear 
Wy little, i'rnorant, willful son 

■Will Ije passed by this year;"' 
But brotlier said that Santa Claus 

Would visit him in need; 
Ilo knew ho would not break his laws 

Because ono could not read. 
So Christmas morn I watched him start, 

And Wondered to the bust, 
If .Santa Clans could have the heart 

His stocking to have passed; 
Half dressed, and in the corner perched, 

This happy, careless boy. 
With eager eyes and hands now searched 

His socks with childish joy. 
Ah, what a lot of nice, good things! — 

Bat -mercy, — what a shout! 
When, last of all, surprised he brings 

A tolded paper out: 
Kow, for what cause, or what intent 

Had .Santa Clans decreed it? 
Or who could toll him what it meant? 

Would fatlier plca,se to read it? 
r>ear, kind, papa! "of course," he said; 

And brother quit his fuss. 
And kept (luile still while father read: 

The little note ran thus: — 

"My own, my dearest, little friend, 

Knowing my calLs delight you, 
While other stockings I attend 

I cannot bear to slight you; 
But ere my time has come again, 

Ynu must lea rji your letters, all. 
Or, darling, though it gives me pain, 

1 may forget to call. 

Santa Ci.aus.' 

It may be needless now to tell 

What brother came to do. 
That week he learned six letters well. 

And twenty the next two. 
Now little ones, advice is cheap. 

And I'rccly tliis I send. 
Learn all you can, if you would keep 

Good Santa Claus your friend. 

CousinLx'LA. 
Sinilhficlel, Cache County. 



O O T T o 3sr . 



C10TT0X, hke hnen, comes from a plant, but it does tiot 
I come from its stalk. It ia a fiber that comes from the 
seeds, for the purpose, I suppose, of helping to scatter them 
about. Nature has many curious devices of this kind. 

The cotton plant is very pretty. In its general size and 
appearance it somewhat resembles a currant bu.sh. It belongs 
to the mallows tribe. The flower is yellotv, spotted with 
purple. When the seeds ripen the pods burst, and the downy 
cotton puts out its white head, growing very long in some kinds 
and spreading widely, so as to appear at a little distance like a 
large white flower. This is picked by hand, the seeds are 
taken out by a machine called a cotton gin, and the cotton is 
carded and spun and woven mostly by machinery. There are 
a great many cotton manufactories in New England, 

In India, where labor is cheap, it is spun and woven by hand, 
and some very fine and beautiful muslins are produced in this 
way. Our first printed cotton goods came from Calicut, or 
Calcutta, whence it was called calico. Cotton was used in 
India longer ago than liistory can tell us. 

Cotton grows in most warm countries, but no other country 
has j'et been able to produce so good an article as the Southern 
United States. During the late civil war England got some 
cottj->n from India, and some from other countries. 

Africa is said to be the next best place for cotton to grow. 

In the southern part of our Territory considerable cotton is 
raised: and on the Muddy, where the missionaries lately called 
are going, there is a good couutiy for cotton. 

The cotton of Palestine is brown, that of India and China is 
yellow, or nankin color, but American cotton is all white. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

c h: .i^ IE?. JV. ID E . 



BY W. J, LEWIS. 



I am composed of 10 letters. 

My 2, 3, 4, is a kind of tree. 

My 1, 5, 7, is a substitute for hair. 

My 8, 9, 10, is a heavy weight. 

My 3, 5, 6, 7, 5, 10, 7, is plea.sing to the ear. 

My whole is the chief city of a Ilepublic. 

The answer to the Charade in No, 22 is JACKSON 
COUNTY. We received correct replies from M. J, Baddley, 
E. Baddley, M. Ashman, A. Lang, G, B. Lang, E. Taylor, K. 
Miller, T. James, M. Speirs, S. Fowler jr., I). (I, Bcddo, C. 
Denny, L. Deuil, H. Brewer, D. Mcliay, E. Deleme re, E. J. 
C. Hundley. 

"Jescs" mean.s "Savior," and "Christ" means "Anointed," 
so that the English name of the Sou of Uod is "Savior 
Anointed," or the Anointed Savior, 



CTTJ-viEinsriLEi insrsTK^xjOTOKv 

7.V pulihx/icd ill Great i^alt Lake CVj/, Vtati Tenrilury, 
ON THK FIKST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY JSIONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR Sl PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $3 00 

Single Copy, lor .Six Mouths 1 .50 

«5- It is erperled whei-e ariaUs forward names then u'ill be responsible 
/or the papers thus ordered: and when Uush paynu-nls are inadt, tliey 
wUl please forward them wUh the letter contMuinrj the names of tlie 
subseribers. 

*»- Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Cache Valley. 

*»- Grain, brouf/ht to this City for the JuvENiLK Instructor willbe 
received at tlie ojjiec of our jjo/jer— Ueskkkt >'ews BuiLJjiAGs. 



