OfieA)^^ f 








^AlNt§'- ^^V 




AOL. xvr. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH, 1. I $ f ^ 



NO. 5. 



THE FISHERMAN'S WIFE 



•SjLt 



IF we want to see a busy fishing town we must go to the 
County of Norfolk, on the east coast of old England. 

Yarmouth, an odd-shaped, fishy-smelling old place — and 
the largest sea-port town in the County, will cary oiF the palm 
in this respect. 

It is built on a 
naiTow strip of land J 
between the river and i 
the sea, with five E:. 
long streets stretch- Ll 
ing north and south, 
and one hundred and 
fifty-six narrow alleys 
crossing it from east 
to west. 

Of course, you 
have all heard of 
Yarmouth bloaters, 
a cheap daintj', cele- 
brated all over the 
world. 

It is said that in 
the charter of the 
town it is required 
that a hundred her- 
rings .should annually 
be sent free to the 
sheriffs of Norwich, 
who are to have them 
made into twenty- 
four pies and then 
forwarded to the 
queen or king of 
England. 

Close to Yarmouth 
are great s-and banks, 
very dangerous, and 
continually changing 
their .shapes, render- 
ing navigation i>cril- 
ous to ships that sail 
along that [lart nt' 
the coast. On the 
beach "lookouti'' 
P 




have been built from whish you can get a fine view seaward, 
including the ships and herring-boats in the roads. 

These roads consist of a passage of deep water between the 
shore and the sand banks, and on those sand bars, which do 

^ not appear above the 

^ ^^aa^ surface of the water, 

■«safl are moored light- 

sjj ships, to warn mari- 

" ners of the danger 

in stormy weather. 

Far out at sea wo 
may watch the her- 
ring-boats coming in, 
loaded with many 
thousand fish. 

The revenue from 
the English herring 
fisheries amounts to 
many millions of 
pounds sterling annu- 
ally, and, in tact, the 
business has made 
whole nations pros- 
perous, the Dutch in 
particular. 

The curing of her- 
ring was discovered 
by a Dutch fisherman 
named Benckcl, and 
two ccntures after 
his death the Em- 
jicror Charles V., of 
Germany, solemnly, 
and in great ttate, 
ate a herring in 
ISeuckcr.s tomb, in 
honor of (he poor 
li-iieiinan. 

Of course, a great 
many people aie cm- 
liloyedand illtere.^tcd 
ill the liusinc-s of 
li-hirig, ;in(l when 
the bouts sail out for a 



i^ya 



•:'-<f 



*>'^ 





so 



a"Tj"^En^iiLin iiNrsTi?.TjaTOK.. 




"cruise" there is many an anxious heart on ihore continually 
praying for their safe return and good luc-k in catching fi>h. 

No one can be more anxious and watchrul than the fisher- 
man's wife. Daily ;he seats herself on the beach and watches 
for the return of the boats; and, when she sees far out over 
the dark blue water the glimnieriug sail, how her heart must 
beat with joy and thankfulness to God for His watchful and 
lirotecting care. And, when she recognizes by a well under- 
stood signal t gtween herself and husband, on the near ajiproaeh 
of the boat, that the "haul" has been a good one, that he 
returns with a well loaded boat, how doubly thankful is she ; 
for it means comfort at home for the children and herself 

Our picture represents a fisherman's wife hopefully waiting 
for her husbind's return. The sea is calm. By the few clouds 
seen drifting near the horizon we may infer that a gentle 
breeze is blowing, sutticient to waft the returning boats to the 
shore. 1^21 us hope that her anticipations may be realized — a 
safe reluro with well laden boats; and then the anxious, sleep- 
less hours passed during the stormy nights will be forgottsn, 
and all will be joy and gladness at home. 



J O T T I X a S BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



(Conliiiual.) 

OF all the large towns of Switzerland. Bern Ins preserved 
its characteristic features the best, but even in this place, 
when any new buildings are erected lli3 old style is neglected 
and the more modern method adopted, so that within the last 
fiiw years some very nice buildings, so far as arcliitectural 
beauty is concerned, have been erected. The longest street is 
nearly one mile in lengih. and along the middle of this street, 
as well as of ilu others, are numerous c instantly flowing 
fountains, from which the people obtain their water foi drink- 
ing, cooking and other purposes. This water is obtained from 
springs which are situated about two miles outside the city, 
and is carried this distance by means of underground pipes. 

Most of these fountains are adorned with statues. The 
most singular one is the Kiiulli/nssir Jlnnuini (Fountain of 
the O^rc). A grotesipie fi/ure surmounts the fountain in the 
act of devouring a child, wlidc several o'liirs who are doomed 
to suffer the same fate, protrude from his jiocket and girdle ; 
below is a troop of armt-d bears. 

It is indeed a noticeable feature that in whatever clirection 
a person looks in this city, th; tiiiure of a bear will meet his 
eye. It .seems ihit wh'dc ilii^ b-ast is adoprel as the heraldic 
emblem of canton H^th, everyone attaches considerable im- 
portance to showing it wherever an opportunity is nffordcd. 
I do not believe I h It any of ill ; ancients who worh'ped the 
different bea-ts thought any more of their idols llian the 
modern I?L>rne e do of ihe hear. 

Just on the outskirts iif the city is a b'lr's den. ii, which 
four of these revered aiii:ii:ils arc kejit. Th y fiirid>h con- 
siderable amu-eiiii;nt for the many .-trangers who come to 
Hern, and who never leave without having had n view of 
bruin. These animals are maintained :it the |>iihlic expense, 
and the people an; prohibited (mm making any ofTerinL's 
except bread or frtiir 

An Knglish army '■ITi -er ti-ll intu thi< d'-n in Isc,], ;ind after 
a thort but desperate siruiigle he was torn to pieces. 



About in the middle of the city is what is called the "Clock 
Tower." This was formerly on the outside of the town and 
served as a watch tower, but the growth of the city brings it 
now about in the centre. 

On the east side of this tower is a clock, constructed some- 
what after the fashion of the one at Strasburg, although not 
so complicated. At three minutes before the hour of striking 
a cock gives the signal by flipping his wings and crowing, a 
harle(iuin denotes the number of the hour by striking a small 
bell, while a group of small bears walk around the seated 
figure of an old man. 

The cook then repeats his signal, and almost immediately 
after a stone figure strikes a large bell in the top of the tower 
with a hammer, and at the same time an old man with a 
beard counts the hour by raising his sceptre and opening his 
mouth, and also turns the hour glass which he holds in his 
right hand. A bear at the right of this figure also counts the 
hour by the inclinations of his head. The cock then crows a 
third time and the performance is ended. 

This clock also indicates the day of the week, that of the 
month, the month of the year, the changes of the moon and 
the position of the earth as it passes through the different 
signs of the zodiac 

This tower was built in 1191, but renewed in 1770, 

A short distance west is a somewhat similai tower, known as 
the Kticjii/tlinnii, which is now used as a prison. It was 
pointed out to me as having afforded a .sleeping apartment for 
one of the Elders from Utah, during one night, because the 
Elder in i|uestion happened to be out late, and, when accosted 
by the iiolice, could not show his papers. He was therefore 
imprisoned until the next day, when his trial took place, and 
he was released after proving the purpose for which he was in 
the city. 

One of the principal buildings is the cathedral, a fine gothic 
structure, began in 1421 and completed in 1573, since which 
time it has once been renewed. 

It is '.Ki yards long, :;7 yards broad and 7ti feet high. Some 
of its decorations are very nice, and the balustrade on the roof, 
which is different between each jiair of pillars, is particularly 
noticeable. 

The princiiial entrance is worthy of note. The sculptures 
represent the Last Judgment, and prominent among the many 
figures are the pojtes and priests, who are reiiresonted as hav- 
ing free access to heaven, while many iioor creatures who have 
sinned away the day of grace, are being thrown into the lake 
of fire and brimstone with pitchforks. 

The upper figures on the sides are the ancient prophets, and 
the lower ones are the apostles and the wise and fooli.sh vir- 
gin-;. 

The unfinished tower, from which a person can obtain a 
view of the surrounding country, is at present l:;4l'eet high, 
and is covered with an ugly ti'ed roof. 

The interior of the cJthedral shows the gray stone of which 
the walls are built, and the beauty consists mostly nf the 
sculpture and carving which adorn the inside. The organ 
here rivals lb" celebr.ited instrument in Freiburg for sweetness 
of tone and beauty of constructii>n. 

Th'-rc are two monuments on the inside of the building, one 
ti) Uerthold \'., the fiiunder of the city, and tlii other to 
Friedrich von Steiger, a former magistrate. This is sur- 
rounded by six black marble .slabs bearing the names of 702 
IJernesc who were killed in an cniragcment with the French, 
on the ."ith of .^Iarch, 17'.is, near Zollikofeu, six miles north of 
Hern. 



tl^ 



\<Z)i>!. 





J'TJ'^EISrilL.E] I3^STI?.TJGTOI^. 



51 




In the open place in front of the cathedral is a bronze 
statue of Rudolph von Erlach, who is noted for having gained 
a signal victory over the allied forces of several cantons in the 
year 1339, at Laupen, when ho commanded the Bernese. 
The body of this chieftain lies buried under the floor of one of 
the oldest churches in Switzerland, about half an hour's 
walk from Bern. 

A terrace which was formerlj' a churchyard, but is now a 
shady promenade, is by the side of the caihedral. 

The Federal Council Hall is another nice large building. It 
was completed in 1S5T, being built of light-colored sandstone 
in the Florentine style. The national councils hold their 
sessions in this building, generally in the month of July, and 
at this time visitors are admitted to hear the discussions. 
Debates are carried on in the French, German or Italian lan- 
guages, and all resolutions, motions and decisions are always 
announced in both French and German. 
(To he Continued.) 



TEMPLES 



BY DANIEL TYLEE. 




[Continueel from page 38). 

I WILL now call your attention again to the 4th chapter of 
3Iicah, the ancient prophet, that you maj- see how jilainly 
he points out the persecutions of the Saints and their expul- 
sion from Missouri. 

After speaking of the Zion of God being established "in 
the last daj's, " just prior to the gathering of the Jews at 
Jerusalem, he beholds Zion in great trouble and crying aloud 
for deliverance. 

lie says: "Now shalt thou go forth out of the city, and 
thou shalt dwell in the field, and thou shalt go even to Baby- 
lon ; there shalt thou be delivered; there the Lord shall 
redeem thee from the hands of thine enemies." 

This was literally fulfilled. In 1S33 the Saints were driven 
from the city of Zion spoken of above, and after a short stay 
in Clay County, located a city called Far West, in Caldwell 
County. 

Here they dwelt until the winter of 1S3S-1S39, when they 
were again driven out, and settled in Illinois. 

Caldwell County, Missouri, was mostly prairie, which signi- 
fies "field.'' Now by reading the above scripture you will see 
that after the Saints should be driven out of the city they 
should dwell in the field (or prairie), but not jjermanently, as 
from there they should "go even to Bab3'lon." 

The writer on one occasion, about a year before this last 
e,xpulsion, called the attention of several of the Elders to this 
passage, and predicted that we should again be driven. As 
they had been driven out of the city under the circumstances 
indicated by the prophet, and were then dwelling in a broad, 
open field, he was very sanguine that the entire i)rediction 
would be realized. 

'J'lie Klders could not see the ]inint, as all was jieace at the 
time, and they ihoiight always would be. It was, JKJwever, 
verified, I believe, in le.ss than a year. 

The revelations through the I'ropiiet Joseph Siiiiih ixjiiitcil 
ei|ually plain to the driving from the city, of Zion, but the 
Saints did not understand them. In fact so sanguine were 
some that if they did not consent they need not go, tliat a few 
returned to rnilependence. in Jackson ("ounty, and were 
cruelly beaten by the mob, and barely escaiicd with their lives. 



The prophet Micah predicted that after leaving the field 
and going to Babylon, they should be delivered from the 
enemies who drove them out. 

This was literally fulfilled by the kind reception they met 
after leaving Missouri and settling in Illinois, although that 
State drove them out afterwards. But they were also 
delivered again, and settled in these ]ieaceful vales. 

We may again see dark times, but if we as a people keep 
the commandments of (xod, we shall in the future, as in the 
past, be delivered from all our enemies. 

Both ancient and modern revelation tells us that the king- 
dom will not be thrown down or given to another people, but 
will eventually prevail over all others. 

As individuals, any of us may fall away and be lost, but no 
one ever apostatized while faithful in the gospel or ever will. 
The term foithfulne.ss implies not only singing, ju-aying, paying 
tithing, donating to the poor, etc., but keeping all the com- 
mandments; and, although we may keep all others, if we fail 
to build temples and perform the work in them, all will be like 
the tinkling cymbal. 

If we expect to be exalted we must save the dead as well as 
ourselves. 

(To he Coiitlnucil.) 



^ • <^' < Of 



FULFILLMENT OF REVELATION 
AND PROPHECY. 



BY R. C. 



ON Sunday, the last day of December, 1S49, the Saints 
living at Kanesville were assembled together for worship 
in their bowery. Kliler Orson Hyde was presiding. AVhen 
the services were about to close he 'arose from his seat and told 
the people he had got a revelation from the Lord for them. 

It called forth in tlie minds of tlie congregation an anxious 
enquiry at once as to what this revelation could be. 

He then proceeded to .say it was that the peojile on the fol- 
lowing morning, before the sun rose upon the birth of a new 
.year, should come and deliver into the bowery, for the benefit 
of the poor, a goodly portion of their flour, corn-meal, beef, 
mutton, pork, chickens, cheese, butter, eggs, bread, pies, 
cakes, potatoes and vegetables. He also called u|ion the mer- 
chants of Kanesville to liberall3' contribute of their calicoes 
and dry goods, as well as their tea, coflfee and sugar. 

He also prophesied at the same time in the name of the God 
of Israel, that whosoever should have these things delivered 
before the sun should dawn on the year 18.')(), should be blest 
beyond measure, ."nd that it should 'return ujion their heads 
four-fold in what they should set their hands to do, ajid that 
they should jn'osper exceedingly. 

The writer of this article was present on that auspii-ious 
morning, and witnessed the great tide of ofi'erings that came 
liouring in. The farmer, the arti.san and all who could con- 
tribute, cheerfully brought into what might then be called the 
Lord's store house, of the good things they possessed. 

Many came a distance of five or six miles, until it seemed 
at last that every roipiisition made u]ion thom was fully 
n'spondc'l to. 

I'lveu our outside friends, the merchants, were not slack 
in answering this call. Tlie dry g,;oils and groceries were on 
liand also, for all a|)peared to be moved by the influence of 
i'lider Hyde's prophetic declarations — that they slnnild have 
four-fold, and should be prosjiercd exceedingly. 

Tlu' i)oiir bad these things dealt out to them unsparingly, 
mostly li.\- thi' J'lMcr's own hands, and those who receivec 





52 



0"TJArEn^ii-.E in^sTi^TJOTOT^. 




those gifts rejuioed in the least so profusely iuiparted. and it 
appeared to them a year of jubilee. 

' 'But, ' ' my j-Q ung readers will ask : ' 'What about the reward 
for these generous donations? What about the four fold? 
Pid not this part of Apostle Hyde's words fall to the ground?" 

I will bear testimony to this also, which was as interesting 
as was the call made for the good things for the poor. 

At the time the revelation and these declarations were given, 
corn was selling at forty to fifty cents per bushel, and a drug 
in the market at that. But the farmers were told not to waste 
their corn and vegetables, but to save them. 

Early in the following spring, the miners and gold seekers 
cji route to California came flocking into Kanesville by hun- 
dreds, and were held there, through the lateness of the season, 
until April, and many until the latter end of May. 

During those months corn was selling for cash at .^2.00 per 
bushel, and almost everything else that was raised sold at pro- 
piirtiunate rates. 

Niir was this all: every kind of business was animated. 
The blacksmiths and wagon makers were kept constantly busy, 
shoeing horses and repairing wagons. Many were also 
engaged in making trades. The emigrants were under the 
necessity of exchanging their battered wagons for a stronger 
kind, and to replace their jaded animals with others in better 
order. 

Many of their old wagons had to be sold at nominal iirices. 
Much of their overcharged fieight had to be left and sold for 
what it would fetch. 

Frequently one. and occasionally two auctioneers might be 
seen knocking oft useful articles at one time, some of them 
new, and sold at half the usual cost. ^lany of the Saints 
were thus enabled to tit them.-ielves out for the journey across 
the plains. 

Perhaps I liavc written enoush to show how (jod honors 
His servants and fulfills their words when uttered by the power 
of the HolvCho-t. 



HISTORY OF T II K CHURCH. 




flj I'] have, in the past volumes of the JiVKMr.v: I.N.sTiitcnii), 
' T endeavored to give you a biography of the Prophet Joseph 
Smith. Those of our readers who have followed us in that 
hi.-tory have obtained many particulars conceining liis life, the 
buildins up and spread of the Church, and the trials, per.-ecu- 
tion^ and difiicu'.tics the Saints have had to contend with, which 
are of great interest to ail who love the truth. We feci that wo 
have not done the great Prophtt of ihs last dispensation tin 
jastice lint he merit-', not because we do not have the dispn- 
.sition to do .so, but hec.iu^o we have not the ability. It 
rcipiires more than mortal knowledge to grasp the full value 
to the human race of .-ueh a lifi: as his. With cur present 
knowleilitc. who cm pr ir-erly estinrite the c(Ti:ct the qualities 
which he pos>e.-spd and exhibited hive had upon mankind? 
The liiographcran 1 historian cin de-erihc scenes, circum.'-tanees 
and event*: but when they go beyond this in the case of a man 
like ilie Prophet Joseph, ami attempt to show all the bcncfils 
and re.-ults accoinpli>hed by his life and l.itiors. the description 
fails to be complete, fmni the fact tliat his life and labors still 
continue to exert their influence upon mankind, and will do .so 
throughout all lime, and, shall we not say, throughout eternity, 
too? 

We .shall now turn our attention to the history oftheChurch 
from the date of the occurrences de-cribcd in our last numbers. 
There are many events and eircumtances connected with thi.s 



history which possess very great interest to all Latter-day 
Saints, and with which the children should become familiar. 
We shall endeavor, with the help of the Spirit, to make these 
as plain and simple to their understanding as we can, so that 
the reading will aflFord both profit and pleasure to all. 

President Brigham Young is themost prominent figure in this 
history, and though it is not called hishislory, there will neces- 
sarily be many details given of his life in describing scenes and 
transictions in which he ha^ acted so conspicuously. 

The grandfather of President Brigham Young was Joseph 
Y'oung, who wa? a physician and surgeon in what is known as 
the French and Indiiin war. Ho was killed by an accident in 
ITtVJ. John Youn^, the father of the President, was born 
JIarchTth, 17ii:!, in Ilopkinton, Massachusetts. When sixteen 
years of age he enlisted in the revolutionary army, and served 
under Crsneral Wa,hinj;t)a Hj saw coasi lerable sirvlca, as 
ho was iu throe eruoiigi? in his nitive Stato an! in New 
Jerse.v. When about 22 years of ase (ITS.")) he married Nabby 
Howe. Sh) bociimo the mother of eleven children — five sons 
and si.x daughters. In the order of their birth, their names 
were : Nancy, Fanny, Rhoda, John, Nabby, Susannah, Joseph, 
Phinehas Howe, Brigham, Louisa and Lorenzo Dow. In Jan- 
uaty, ISOl. the family moved from Hopkintin to Whitingham, 
Windham County, A'ermont, at which place President Brigham 
Young was born June 1st, ISOl. Here they dwelt three years, 
and then mived to Sherburn, Chenango County, State of New 
York. In those days that country was a comparative wilder- 
ness, and the labor of opening farms, cultivating the earth and 
providing the means of subsistence was very severe. Com- 
forts were not so plentiful in those days as they are in ours. 
JIachinery has wrought wonders since then in multiplying and 
cheapening many articles by which the comfort of the poor is 
greatly increased. In a new country even now the life of a 
settler is one of toil, and in many instances, privation ; but it 
was particularly so in the days of the President's childhood. 
Then there were no railroad-!, no telegraph wires, no means 
of speedy communicition between the country and the cities. 
The people had to depend upon horses and o.xen to carry them 
from jilace to place, as wc who live in this country had to do 
until the railroad was built. Money also was very scarce. The 
President's father followed farming, and worked hard at clear- 
ioL' new land ; he and his family endured all the to'.ls, privations 
and hardships which were incident in those days to a settlcr'slife. 
t To he ( 'onlinnnl. ) 



IXCinENTS OF MISSIONARY 
LIFK. 



\\\ 11. (;. v.. 



w 



V. are informed in the book of Doctrine and Covenants, 
sec. 42, verse i), that the Ivders are to travel "two and 
two," and in sec. S4, verse lOn (latest edition) that the strong 
ill spirit are to take with them the weak. That is, as I under- 
stand if, those that are experienced are to take with them the 
inexperienced. 

Thu« has it always transpired in my missionary lahors. 

The first mission I ever was called u|)on to perform was to 
the State of ^■irginia, in IS44. During that mission I traveled 
succes.sively with Elders Sebert C. Shelton, Chapman Dun- 
can and I'lObert Hamilton. 

These KIders had more experience than I had, con>cquently, 
it was very nattiral for me to dciicnd upon them to do the 
preaching, allowing the burden of our labors to re.'-t upon thei 





a"TJv:E]isrii_<: 



IHNTSTI^TJOTOI^. 





shoulders. But if they had humored me, and allowed me to 
shirk my legitimate share of the work, I am satisfied that I 
would have failed to succeed on that mission. 

They, however, took great pains to see that I should not 
neglect my share in all the labors. They put me forward, and 
not unfrequently managed to leave me to fill appointments 
alone, and sometimes to travel alone for a week or two at a 
time. This left me to depend upon (Jod and His Spirit 
entirely, and I can truly testify that this course was very valu- 
able to me. I was often very much surprised and encouraged 
at the assistance afforded me through the Spirit on these 
occasions. 

Since that first mis.sion I have been sent on manj' others, 
and have traveled with seventeen other Elders at diflPerent 
times, most of whom were without experience. Among these 
were several more or less like I had been — backward, and 
inclined to shirk the responsibility of preaching. 

I have had to resort to some pretty sharp management in 
breaking them in. A few of these instances I will relate. 

When Elder Moses Thatcher was only between fifteen and 
sixteen years of age, he traveled with me as a missionary in 
California. 

He was naturally inclined to modesty and difiidence, and 
said to me one daj' that he would black our boots, curry and 
saddle our horses, and do all that was to be done except the 
preaching, if I would do that part of the work and excuse him. 

Naturally I entertained a great amount of sympathy for 
him, on account of his extreme youth, also because I remem- 
bered my own shortcomings when out on my first mission, 
during which time nothing ever so frightened me as the 
thoughts of being called upon to arise and' try to preach. I 
therefore favored him until I thought it unwise and an injury 
to hira to indulge him farther. 

Having been invited to visit and preach in a new locality, I 
asked P]lder T. to take some tracts and vibit; the place, and see 
the trustees of the school house. If the liberty to preach in 
the house was granted, then he was to proceed to notify the 
neighborhood of the meeting, distributing the pamphlets as 
he went. I also told him if anything hapjiened to prevent my 
being there he was to fill the appointment. 

At this he trembled, and with a face white with fear he begged 
me not to fail to be theie, until I nearly repented of my in- 
tention. 

He succeeded in nbtaining the use of the house, and in 
notifying the people he came upon a quilting party of women 
and girls, who readily promised to be at the meeting, provided 
he (Elder T. ) would preach. 

He replied that his colleague vfould most likely do the 
preaching. But it turned out otherwi.se, and Elder T. was 
left to his fate; but he filled his appointment like a man. 

Judging from the report that sjiread from that meeting, 
.Elder T. preached as good a discourse then as at any time 
since, and probably with greater satisfaction to himself. 

From that time forward he never failed to do his part in our 
labors, and I have no doubt that he looks back upon that 
achievement as one of the greatest of a veiy eventful and use- 
ful life. 

Elder J. I). H. Mc.Mlislcr traveled with me in Arkansas, 
and for the first two months of our labors, when called ujion 
to talk, would not occupy above five minutes, and often not 
half that time. It would then occur to liifii that the audience 
would rather hear some one else than him, after which he 
would not possess courage to try to talk lunger, and wuuM lake 
his .seat. 



He would often say that he could not account ibr his being 
called on a mission. "What can I do? I do not even know 
that this latter-day work is true. My father has often borne 
testimony that he knew this work to be true. He is a good 
man and I believe his testimony, but 1 do not know it to be 
true for myself" 

However, an opportunity occurred that dispelled all these 
doubts, and planted in the place thereof, facts and certainties. 

I had taken a severe cold, and was so hoarse that I could 
not talk. A meeting was to be held, and at that meeting 
some one would have to preach. 

The only alternative was for him to attend and do the 
preaching. To do this he had to travel five or six miles across 
the "tlashe.'^," face a large congregation composed almost en- 
tirely of strangers, and do all the preaching, and that, too, alone. 

I never, while in that country, heard the last of the praises 
heaped upon him by the people for the "best sermon" they had 
ever listened to. He had no diificulty in testifying to the 
divinity of the great latter-day work. The Holy Spirit rested 
upon him, and he could not keep back this testimony, which 
was as new to him as it was to those that heard him. 

That day's work is no doubt remembered by fiim with the 
greatest pleasure of any event of his life, and will prove as 
]irofitible as any in his future career. 

Elder H. K. Coray was the most bashful of all the young 
Elders I had ever traveled with, and it was more than a year 
before he overcame this fault. I had almost despaired of his 
ever making a success as a missionary. But 1. am proud to 
say he did finally succeed, and during the last year of our 
labors together, through the blessings of the Holy Spirit, he 
became an able speaker, and our hearers listened to him in 
rapt attention. 

He has often said that the experience he gained during that 
mission was worth more to him than all the wealth of the world. 

I could refer to the experiences of many other Elders who 
have traveled with me, which were, in many instances, similar 
to those that 1 have related. Some of them have been so iar 
discouraged that they would weep like a child ; others would 
beg of me to release them and let them return home, who at 
brighter moments would charge me not to permit such a thing, 
as they did not wish to disgrace themselves or their parents. 

I can think of nothing that would so blight a young Elder's 
future usefulness and destiny as a failure to make a success of 
his mission, or any work that the priesthood may have set him 
apart to do. And I feel it my duly in this connection to bear 
my testimony to the truth contained in the book of Doctrine 
and Covenants, that has never failed to be verified in my 
experience, and in that of all other Elders whose labors have 
come within my observation. These promises are as follows : 

"Any man that shall go and preach this gospel of the king- 
dom, and fail not to continue faithful in all things shall not be 
weary in mind, neither darkened, neither in body, limb, nor 
joint: and an hair of his head shall not fall to the ground un- 
noticed. And they shall not go hungry, neither athir^t." (sec. 
84, veise 80). 

"Neither take ye thought beforehand what ye .shall say, but 
treasure up in your minds continually the words of life, and it 
shall 1)0 given you in (he veiy hour that portion that .•^hall be 
meted unto every man." (verse S'l). 

I have written the above incidents of missionary life and 
made these ipiotations in connection with ihcni lor the en- 
couragement of young ]']lders now on uii,<sioiis, and the 
thousanils of boys and youiig men tliat may, and will yet have 
to take missions to the many nations of the earth. 



'^: 



4" 



n 




j"TJAr:H]n^iiLiE ijn"sti?.tjgtos:.. 




he JJuuenil^ |[nstr«ctot;» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. - 




- EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


MAllCH 


1, 1881. 



:eidxto'rxj^il, thotjcb-hits. 



ri^n^iTKJr: 





^i IIK Lntfer-tlaj' Saints are frequently 
charged by tho.-e who <lifter from them 
religiously, with having no independence 
of spirit. The leaders of the Saints — 
those who otficiate in the priesthood — are j 
credited with being shrewd, calculating 
and crafty men. But the great mass of 
the people, it is claimed, are ignorant and 
unwilling to think for themselves, or 
incapable of d )ing so, and follow blindly and 
servilely the dictates of the leaders. 

The people who make such charges as these 
against the Saints are perhaps not aware, or if 
^ A^^' ho, do not stop to consider that the history 

^l\_^ of the Saints, as individuals and as a Church, 
I i V"^ ofTer.s the best possible refutation to such a base 
L.')^ slander. 

""f^) In the first place, let us consider what is meant by 
independence of mind or spirit. Oae who fornas an opinion 
of liis own \ipon any subject that eouics before liini, and is 
capable of acting in a:eordancc with that oiiiiiion, without 
reganl to what others may say or think almut it, is generally 
rcirarded as a person of independence of mind. 

Now what does histo'-y show about tiic I/ittcr-day Saints? 
They arc a people who have been gatlu'red I'rom the various 
nations of tlie eartli, inac •ovdaiice with wliat they have con- 
ceived to lie a religious iluty. They arc a jieople who, as 
solitary families or individuals in tlieir old homes in the world, 
were willing to forsake the religious erccd.s or skeptical notions 
they formirly adhered to, and embrace au'ithcr doctrine which 
appeared to tlicin iiuirc consistent. 

This tliey ilid. not because tl\e new i-eligion was fashiniiablc, 
not because all tlicir friends had enibrac.'il it. anil it was jmiiular 
for them to clo so; but Ijccau.se they con<eivcil it to be 
right. 

They did it in must cases with a certain knowledge that the 
act would subject them to the scoffs and ridicule of their for- 
mer a.«sociates. They did it ill many cases knowing tint tbcy 
wiiuld l>e despised an 1 ilisowne 1 for it by their relatives. Tlicy 
did it knowing that they would liave to face the opposition 
and persecution of a bigoted and hostile worM. with only (lod 
to rely upon for stretiL'ili to withstand it. 

Does this look as if they lacked in 'ependcncc— as if they 
were incapable of thinkiii-.' or actin-r for themselves? On the 
contrary, it i>roves that they, of all people living, arc posscsscil 
of true independence: an independence that enables them to 
serve (!od and do what they know tn be right, regardless ol' 
pulilic opinion. 

It requires far more indcpcndenie sometimes to obey, and to 
be led in wisiloni, than to disobey and refuse to be .so led. 

Thou.sands of people in the world have acknowledged that 
the doctrines taught by the Latter-day Saints were true, and 
that there was something 7norc than mortal power coiniected 
with the Church which liny represent, and yet they lacked 



the indeiiendence and moral courage necessary to come out 
boldly and embrace s\ich an unpopular creed. 

It is a false idea of independence that leads a man to dis- 
regard wise counsel and ojipose the truth merely to show that 
he has a mind and will of his own. 

It is such an independence as this that prompts persons of 
honorable connections to commit crimes and bring disgrace 
ujion their family name. Such an independence is inspired 
by the devil, and will lead to perdition. 

Yet it is this kind of independence that the world generally 
would like to have the Saints manifest. 

We trust that the young Latter-day Saints who read this 
will emulate the independence of their parents. 

Remember, boys and girls, that .vou can show true indepen- 
dence better by obeying what reason and the Spirit of God 
tells you is the truth— by listening to and following the 
counsels of the priesthood of God. than you can by disregard- 
ing them, as the iiopular clamor of the world dictates. 

It is your right to exercise your will jiower. It is your 
right to know of the correctness or falsity of whatever you 
bear taught as doctrine. And if you live pure lives, and 
study true jirinciplcs, and seek for the light of the Holy Spirit, 
you can have this knowlege. But you can never gain it by 
taking an ojipositc course. 



^I^IIE Thir.l Br 



of the FArni-TuoMOTiNTi Series, 



''liK.WEs FnoM MY JouRN.vi,," is now issucd, and ready for 
sale. 

It is larger than either Mi/ Firxf Mixxian or .1 S'/rinr/ <if 
I'nirl.i, being 104 jiages in all, or 05 pages exclusive of the 
I^reface, Contents, etc. 
The followinir is fioni the T'reface of the work: 

■•Bnitlier ^\'oodrufi' is a remarkable man. Few men now 
living, who have Ibllmved the i|uiet and iieaccful jiursuits of 
life, have had such an interesting and eventful experience as 
he has. Few. if any in this age, have spent a m<ire active 
and useful life. Certainly no man living has been more par- 
ticular about recording with his own hand, in a daily journal, 
during half a century, the events of his own career and the 
thiirL's that have come under his obscM'vation. Ilis elaborate 
jiiurnal has always been one of the principal sources from 
which the Church history has been compiled. 

"Possessed of wonderful energy and determination, and 
mighty faith. Brother Woodruff has labored long and with 
great success in tlu' Church. He has ever had a definite 
object in view— to know the will of the Almighty and to do it. 
2S'o amount of self-denial has been too great for him to cheer- 
fully endure fo' the advancement of the cause of God. No 
labor rei|uired ol' the Saints has been considered by him too 
cinerous to engage in with his own hands. 

"Satan, knowini: the jjowcr for good that Brother Woodruff 
would lie, il' iicrmittcd to live, has often sought to effect his 
d<?strncli(pii. 

"'J'lie adventures, accidents and hair-breadth e.scajies that he 
lias met with, are scarcely C(|ualled by the record that the lijr- 
mcr apostle. I'aul, h.as left us of his life. 

"The power of (lod has been manifested in a most remarkable 
manner in preserving Brother Woodruff's life. Consiilering 
the number of bones he has had binkcn, and other bodily 
injuries he has received, it is certainly wonderful that now, at 
the a'-'c of seventy-four years, he is such a sound, well-pre- 
served man. God grant that his health anil usefulness may 
contiiou' for manv years to come.' 





J"TJ^E:N'II-.E! ihntsti^tjctoe.. 




CONTENTION. 




THE little brother and sister we here see returning from 
school have got into a dispute, whii-h, if their looks telj 
the truth, must have caused very bitter feelings between 
them. 

He says, ''It isn't!" in the most snappish manner possible. 

She looks defiantly at him, and replies, quite as snappishly, 
"I know it is! There, now!" Then she begins lo sob, and 
says, "I'm not going to school with j-ou any more !" 

And he replies spitefully, "I don't want you to. I'd be 
glad if you couldn't!" 

Cruel words, hastily spoken ! How badly he would feel if 
they sliould come true! If anything should happen to his 
little sister, such as sickness or death, to prevent him from 
ever having her company, he would never forgive himself for 
the cruel remark. 

But he does not think 
of any such possible 
calamity. The conten- 
tion between them has 
aroused his anger to- 
wards his sister, and he 
feels ready to say or do 
almost anything to spit. 
her. But they may pi> 
on contending and con- 
tradicting each other :il 
the way liunie, and no: 
feel any better for it, biu 
much worse. 

How much better it 
would be for them lo 
return from school 
plucking flowers by the 
way, to carry home to 
their mother, and ad- 
mire the beautiful 
scenery along their path! 

With their present 
feelings they see nothing 
in the bright flowers or 
pretty foliage, or smooth 
grass, or clear, rippling 
stream of water, or the 
twittering biids to ad- 
mire. 

They do not think of 
the goodness of (lod in surrounding them with all these nice 
things, and blessing them wiili kind parents. Their hatred for 
each other shuts out all such feelings of admiration, love or 
gratitude. And all this because of each striving for the 
mastery in a little, petty dispute. How much better it would 
be for this br)y and girl, and all other persons, too, who arc in 
the habit of contending, if they could remember and act ui)ou 
the old axiom : 

■'WI]CTf> two (li.icoiiriso, if tlie oner's angor rise, 
The iiiim wlio li!ls tlie cimles-t rail is wise." 

Contention has been llie origin of some of the most bitter 
feuds and bloody (piarrels that ever disgraced tliis earth. 

l>isputcs that are engaged ill by two or more j)er>ons, each 
striving fir the mastery, are seldom, scarcely ever, attended 
with good results. This is why liio Latter-day Saints have 
been cautioned .so I'requently and so pointedly against 




indulging in debate, especially upon religious topics, for, as 
an old writar has said, "Ileligious contention is the devil's 
harvest." 

An incident showing the evils of contention is related in the 
history of the Prophet Joseph Smiih. In 1S35 while living 
in Kirtland, the prophet went one evening with some friends 
to visit at his father's house. AV^hen they arrived there they 
found some of the young Elders assembled and about to 
engage in a debate upon the s-ubject of miracles. 

The prophet made the following comment upon the occasion 
in his history : 

"I discovered in this debate, mu?h warmth displayed, too 
much zeal for mastery, too much of that enthusiasm thatcharac- 
terizi;s a lawyer at the bar, who is determined to defend his 
cause, right or wrong. I therefore availedmyself of this favor- 
able ojiporlunity to drop a few words upon this subject, by 
Wi y of udvicp, that they might improve their mindsand cultivate 

their powers of intellect 

in a proper manner, that 

they might not incur the 

displeasure of heaven ; 

that they should handle 

icred things very 

tcredl^^ and with due 

deference to the opinions 

of others, and with an eye 

ingle to the] glory of 

God." 

Subsequectly, the 
same young Elders met 
at the hou.'e of Wm. 
Smith (brother to the 
prophet), fur the pur- 
pose of debating, and 
one of their meetings 
there was attended by 
.c-Si'^asSi^t '3-%/-''''^ Joseph and Hyrum 

m ll^^/H-^'-iil-. ] At the close of the 
[debate some remarks 
were made about the 
impropriety of continu- 
ing such a pri)Ctice, and 
William Smiih who was 
determined to have the 
meetings continue, be- 
jcame so enraged that 
ihc aetuMlly struck lu's 
,'iriilhn\ tlir propliet. 
The prophet in alluding to this in his history, merely says: 
"Brother William opposcil these niensurcs, and insisted on hav- 
ing another question proiioscd, and at length became much 
enraged, particularly at me, and used violence upon m.y person, 
and also upon Kldcr J. Carter, and some others, for wl-.ich I am 
grieved bej'ond description, and can only pray God to forgive 
liin., inasmuch as he repents of his wickedness, and humbles 
himself before the Lord." 

The aged lather and mother of tlio prophet were "sorely 
afllicted in mind on account of that occuirence," as well they 
might be, and his brother Jlyium felt very badly about it also. 
Two d.iys alter this liappcncd the prophet iccords in his 
jotirual ; 

"Hrother Hyrum Sniitli called to see im^, and rend a letter that 
he received Irom William, in which he asked lorgiveiiess for tlio 
abuse he otl'ured to him (Hyrum) at the debate. He tarried nios 
of the loriMioon, iiiiil i'iinver>e(l freely with mo u|inn the subjec^' 



^ 



r^ 



56 



Cr TJ ^ElSr 1 1_. El IISrSTI?.TJGTOI?.. 




of the difficulty existing betwefn me and brother William. He 
said that he was perfectly satisfied with the course I had taken 
in rebuking him in his ■wicl<edne3s, but he is wounded to the 
very soul, because of the conduct of William ; and although he 
feels the tender feelings of a brother towards him, yet he can 
but look upon his conduct as an abomination in tlie sight of God. 
And I could pray in my heart, that all mj' brethren were like 
unto my beloved brother Ilyrum, who possesses the mildness of 
a lamb, and the integrity of a Job, and, in short, the meekness 
and humility of Christ; and I love him with that love that is 
stronger than death, fur 1 never had occasion to rebuke him, nor 
he me, which he declared when he left me to-day." 

What nobility of character is manifest in the.se sentiments 
expressed by the prophet. The love that he entertained ibr 
his brother llyrum continued unabated through life, and 
almost the last words he ever uttered in life were "0, dear 
brother Hyrum !" 

William Smith survived his brethren, and, though he 
doubtless had Jo.-eph's full and free forgiveness for his rash 
act, we can fancy what his feelings must ever have been on 
reflecting about it. 

Lot it bo a warning to all hoys and girls now growing up in 
our Church to avoid contention and its results. 



Ittttvs ^from (^ht ^ons 



Lkeds, Ut.mi, 

February IS, 1,'iSl. 
MrK. lliniiinh T. Kiiti;, 

Dkar Sistkr:— I now make my lirst attom))t to 
write you a few lines. 

I love to go to Primary Association meeting and to Sunday 
school; and I love to read the .Iuvkxilk In.structor and all 
the Church books, such as George t^. Cannon's Fir.if Mi.sninii. 

Your pieces in the Juvenii.k Ikstbuctor are read in our 
Sunday school, and are ver^' interesting. Our teacher tells us 
Hiblc and Book of Morn)on stories. 

I remain j-our brother in the gospel, 

Gko. U. Croshv. 



Lkeds, Ut.vh, 

February IK, iKSj. 
Mrs. lltiHutih T. Khiff^ 

Dp:ar Slhtkr:— I nuiko my lirst allempt to write 
you n short letter. 1 hope you will excuse inu if 1 make any 
mistakes. 

I belong to the Primary Association, and I like it very much. 
We have a very good .Sunday school, which I attend regularly. 
Our superintendent makes the .-cliool interesting with reading 
and answering (jueslions, and telling Biblfc stories. 
I liope you will continue to write lo us. 

1 remain your brother in the Church, 

15k.n.).\min I!. Croshv. 



Mrs. 



0(.I)KN CiTV. 

February Hi, IKHI. 
JffttHi'll T. l\ni<J, 

Dkar Sister: — You see by this that I am not 
"scared out' yet. I find that you have criticized my last letter, 
in No. 3 of the IxsTKfcTOK. 

Well, I thank jou fur it, and I do not believe that I will soon, 
if ever, forget the instructions given there. I feel like saying, 
'Criticize my writing as much as you can." I know that it doe.< 
me good; it shows me where 1 have made n mistake, and give^ 



me a better chance to improve, whereas if the faults should be 
hid, and my writing spoken of favorably, I would continue in the 
same errors. Besides, I would not respect a person that would 
tiatter me ♦'or my work, instead of pointing out to me my faults, 
for fear of hurting my feelings, 

When I spoke of diflerence in history I referred to the his- 
torians. Some claim one fact to be true, while others gainsay it. 
I have read about the governments of Greece and Kome, of their 
rising, of their customs and laws, of their splendor, arts and 
sciences, and lastly, of their downfall. 

It all shows to me that v/here a ])ower is made and sustained 
by man, it will only e.\ist for a time, while the work made by 
Almighty God will stand forever. 

It may be as you say, that what I think dry and uninteresting, 
might be precious literature when placed in the hands of scieii- 
lilic men who understand it. 

I will try after this to use as good language as I can, and I feel 
to onlinue and im]irove. 

Forever your friend, 

J. v. Bi.uTn. 



"Washington, 

February -^.l, 1881. 

Mrs. lliiiinuli T. Klitrj, 

Dkar Sistkr;— I feel it my duty to keej) up my 
correspondence as I agreed to do, although it has been some time 
since I wrote my last piece. 

In my last letter I gave you an account of a small part of the 
Arizona country, and told you I would continue on the same 
suhject. 

The place that I last mentioned is a grand and very interesting 
region, and a nice place to sijcnd the long, hot sunnj' days of 
summer. 

The tall i)ines, as well as the low cedars, and ledges of rocks 
which hang over the small springs, atlbrd most beautiful I'esting 
places for the thirsty herdsman, and also for the hungry Indian 
who wanders through the woods in seaich of food, which is not 
easil3' obtained. 

There is now and then a small rabbit to be seen, but even these 
animals liave been chased so much that there are now but few of 
them to be found. 

Great numbers of wolves and foxes arc also to be found there, 
hut are unlit for food because there is so little llesh on them. 
They are not rejected on account of their taste, for even the 
lizards and snakes, which are iiuite plentiful, and also the small 
worms, are eaten by the Indians of the vicinity. 

The raiment of the Indians is very limited, and vi'r3' often 
their bare skin is exposed to the scorching sun and even to the 
jiiercing breezes of December. 

As I said before, there are many signs of ancient inhabitants, 
who I supp ife Were a race of Indians, and from thi! ajiliearance 
of things they were more industruious than those thai now 
occupy that land. 

The greater jiortion of the natives have received the gospel. 
Although they are, a low, degraded race, we know that they are 
yet to become as bright and intelligent as we arc, and will go 
far ahead of many of us in the work of God if wo do not take 
hold and unite in the kingdom, as God has commanded us to do. 
But I fear we will not do it until we are scourged and driven to 
it, as has been predicted. 

I ho|ie this will not have to bi> the case; but if we w^ill not 
come to it in any other way let the scourges come, and I pray foi- 
(Jod to send ihein for our sakes, lest wc be overtaken with the 
pride of the world, in which case it would have been better if wc 
hail never been horn. 

Wc will have to acknowledge the hand of tlic Lord in all 
things, 

1 have some good advice to oll'i-r to m.v young friends and 
brothers and sisters in the gospel, in regard to this fallen people 
wliich I have spoken of 

We have the book whicli was Inkin from the jilates of Neplii 
and translated into our language by the Prophet Joscjih Smill 






Cr-D-VIIIICTILIC IIsTSTiK.TJGT'OI^. 



through the help of God, which is now called the Book of Mor- 
mon. 

My younfj hrothers and sisters, as well as the older ones, let 
me advise you to read that book if 3-0U want to find something 
interesting and beneficial. 

There we can learn many things, and see that events are 
being brought to pass every day, that were predicted hundreds 
of years ago. 

These dark-skinned heathens that we see from day to day are 
the ones who are to fulfill many of these predictions, and bring 
about the great work which is to be done in the latter days. 
They are now making ra|iid progress towards it, and, young 
brethren, one and all, if our fathers will not take hold and roll 
forth this work, let lis take hold and bear it off, and build up the 
united order and obey all the laws of God. 

Though the world may persecute us and raob us, let us 
acknowledge the hand of God in all things. Our hope is in the 
time that is yet to come, and all that we want to do is to remain 
faithful and keep the commiindments of God while upon this 
earth. 

I rejoice in the privilege I have, and will continue to improve 
it to the best of my ability. 

Your brother in the gospel, 

William Wall.\c'e Eubey. 



miUt from ii |)irl. 

SuM.MiT Creek, Iron Co., 

February 2i, 1881. 
M,:i. ILinnah T. Kin;/, 

Dear Friend;— I now take my pen in hand for 
the first time to write to you. 

I have read all the letters j-ou have sent to the boys. You 
have not written to the girls for a long time, so I thought I would 
write to 3-ou and put you in mind of the girls once more. 
I have been tliinkiiig of writing to you for some time. 
I know this is the work of God, and I try to do the best I can 
to build it up. 

We have good meetings in this place, although it is not a very 
large place. 

We have young ladies' meetings here every Wednesday night. 
I pray that God will bless you, that you may live long upon 
the earth. 

Your sister in the go=ppI, 

^Iarrilla Dalley. 



•m t- * O- • » < 5» 



LETTER TO THE BOYS. 



Salt L.\ke Citv, 

February 2Stli, ISSl. 

BE-\J.\Mr\ B. and Georue IT. Chosbv. — Dear Brethren, T 
received your letters, and am pleased with the intelligent spirit 
in which you write, and your appreciutioii of your teacher and 
superintendent. 

Obedience to legal authorities is the prelude to progression. 

Vou lu'ist read my an.swers to the boys' letteiv, and among 
them you will find one for your own. 

Wo have to bo brief \ihen we write for the press. 




J. ^'. Hi, fill. — I received yours of l''el)ruary lOtli. I 
admire the noble spirit of candor exhibited therein, and am 
pleased that you received my gentle reproofs in the very spirit 
in wliicli they were written. 

I have decided that you are a gentleman of the right sort; 
and I rejoice in such a correspondent. Have you read "The 




Miracle in Stone," if not, I would wish you to do so; you have 
a feast in store. 

I could not put into suitable words the feelings I had when 
I first read it. 

I hope you can get it. Tell me if you can ; and if yon read 
it, give me your thoughts and feelings thereon. 

You speak of historians diffeiing. That must be the case. 
You and I might relate the same affair, and in essentials it 
would be the same, but our languge would differ. 

We see this in the ibur evangelists, 5Iatthew, JIark, Luke 
and John. They relate the same life of Jesus, but they differ 
in their recital. 

I must not say more, as I have others to write to. 



William Wallace Kubey: — Your letter of February 
2l!nd lies befoie me. It is very good and instructive, and I 
would like to answer it seriatim, but as I have many young 
correspondents this tim?, I must be brief 

Re-t assured I appreciate your letter, and it will be very 
edifying to the young readers. 

You read my letters, of course, to the rest of the boys, and 
by this means you will get many ideas that may be beneficial, 
and we must endeavor to avoid tautology, as that is disagree- 
able. 

The country you describe must indeed be interesting, and 
your remarks thereon are excellent. 

You will become a gifted writer. Your descriptive powers 
are good. 

I will write more in my next. Continue to write, as I am 
very mucii interested in all you say. You have the very spirit 
of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Hold it fast. 

As ever your friend, 

Hannah T. Kixo. 



LETTERS TO THE GIRLS. 



Salt Lake City, 

February, 2()th, 1881. 

Dear Little Girls: 

I have been longing to write and tell .vou how 
much I think of you, and all that concerns your life here 
upon the earth. 

You read the Jivenile Instructor and must see the 
letters Sister Kinj; wiites to the boys. I am sure you are 
aware there are quite as many little girls as there are little 
boys, and they need as much teaching and encouragement. 
If they are not expected to go upon missions and preach the 
gospel, they will in the future have home missions to fill 
be.'ide the hearthstone. Their work will be quite as 
necessary and important as that of their brothers, and it will 
rc(|uire as much care and attention, in training them. 

I have been waiting and waiting for some time, almost 
impatieolly, for one of their good friends, and I know they 
have many, to write to the little girls as I have a great deal 
of writing to do. But as no one has taken up the subject, 
and, as I am a great lover of little girls, I feel called upon to 
take the matter in hand. I would not like to see the girls 
fallinL^ liehind the boys in any gooil thing, but keeping step 
with them, siile by side, walking in the iiatli of virtue and 
holiness, striving to obtain knowledge and intelligence. 

The iN.sTRiri'TOR is intended to instruct and benefit both 
girls and boy.", and neither .should be neglected, for both 
have much to do; and (), how much to learn, to fit them for 
active duties in the gi cat battle of lii'c! 





CTTJ^ETsTinLE in^SOTTie.TJOT'OIE^. 




Small things are often of the greatest consequence, and 
little duties should ever be faithfully performed, for of small, 
every-day affairs are human lives made up, and the sum of 
happiness or niijcry. 

Little children, too, thould have the most particular care 
and attention bestowed upon them, for they will be men and 
women by and by, and therefore fill the places their fathers 
and mothers are filling to-day. It will- be necessary for them 
to begin at the beginning, and not despise the day of small 
things. 

Children, do not try to appear like men and women, except 
in goodness, but be willing to commence with the simplest 
details of whitever work you have to do, and remember, 
whatever it is, let it be done well. 

I know a great deal about little girl- — how they feel, and 
hoiv they think, and I assure you I have sincere admiration 
for them; and no wonder, f)r I was once a little girl myself, 
and perhaps I may tell you sometime, low I felt and what I 
u-ied to do. 

I have had a great experience, too, with other little 
girls, in the schoolroom and at home, and 1 catmot help 
thinking I am pretty well aciciintcd with the subject of "little 
girls." Mind you, I think them very good subjects to talk 
upon or writ? about, and in process of time mould into 
women. 

Childhood is a beiutiful period of life, and, my dear girls, 
do try and realize this truth and it will help you to be happy 
to-day, and thus will you make others happy around 
you. 

You have many blessings, and these you should not forget 
to be grateful for. Father and mother arc always planning 
to do you good, to add to your comfort, and you should 
always be loving and gentle to them. That will endear you 
uiore closely to them, and to all who know you. 

I^itllo children! how bright they make the houiel Theirsunny 
faces, their joyous smiles, their touching little ways aud engag- 
ing, unaffected manners call out the t^nderest emotions of the 
soul. I love to see their little playthings hire and there. The 
tiny slioes and stockings in the family living room make one 
feel he has a heart, and speak forcibly of innocence and 
purity. 

O, the.se beautiful children, we have a right to love 
them. 

Aunt Km. 




Maui!1I.i..\ Dai.i.kv.— Doar .Sister, I received your letter of 
February 121th, and read it with pleasure. 

I assure you I am much intere^ted in the welfare of my 
young sisters. 

I have been appointed to preside over a Young Ladies' 
Mutual Improvement Association, and the interest I take in 
them is sometimes loo much (iir me, when I cannot make 
them all I wish to see them. 

I know we have many girls of line minll^ and character, but 
then we liave very many who hurt my feeling by their light 
manners and their frivolity. "Don't care" is written broadly 
on every part of their phy.siauc, and this makes me .sad. 

I feel lint you are not one of these, or you would not have 
written to nic. 

Ven.T sister. I would love to do you good if I had the power, 
and will certainly answer all your letters. 

Allow me to say, always put a ca|)ital letter to proper names 
and a capital for the personal pronoun "L " and never put 



"Miss" before you name. The Queen of England only signs 

plain "Victoria." 

Your friend, 

H. T. King. 



»-•—• ^> - —♦-<►- 



. ^;0rres^^onilence. 



Isle of Dogs, Lokdon, 

January ;28th, 1881. 
Dear Jtircnilr. Iiisfriicfor. 

How pleasant was tlie sonfation of "yours truly" as 
I unfolded a well stamped package containing eight copies of 
your wortliy self, sent by some unl;nown friend; which I will 
rend ami distribute where they will do the most good. 

I am proud of you, m3' dear Juvenilk. At home or abroad, 
on the land or the sea, you are able to interest and instruct, and 
a fourteen years' acpiaintance has only increased my good 
opinion of j-ou. 

I hope you continue your portly visits to the l-jtli Ward, where 
you have eve been a welcome visitor. I can recommend you 
as a "Peoples' Ticket" wliich all are safe in voting for, and, as 
usual, you can count on me for tiie coming volume, 

I am experiencing the usual lot and good fortune of a "Mor- 
mon tr.'inip," and feel grateful to my Heavenly Father for His 
many blessings, for without His aid I am poor indeed, and if I 
do good to any but myself I know whom to thank. 

Traveling in the way we do, we sometimes run againstan item, 
and if we Elders were "newspaper men," we could fill a book. 
As it is, we jot it down in our journals and pass on, 

I will, however, venture to send you one incident in our expe- 
rience. 

A I'l'W weeks ago Elder .Joseph A, Jennings and I were in my 
native town, Dover, and on a Sunday morning found ourselves 
in the Wesleyan Sunday school tlnit I attended when a young- 
ster. 

The superintendent thereof cordially greeted us, as I informed 
him of my early connection with that school some twenty-seven 
years ago. His interest in us was further increased by learning 
we were from America, and interested in the .Sundiiy school work. 

Several teachers being absent, he invited Brother Josei)h to 
take charge of a class of girls and myself a class of boys, which 
we did to their entire satisfaction, as young folks are fond of a 
change, and they had quite a change t/iiif morning at Ica-t. 

Afier tlic morning session we were invited to he present in the 
iifternoon the supi'rintendent suggesting that 1 addn-ss tlie 
sehool. 

Ovi^rconiing my natural ditlidenco I consented, and '2:?>0 p. 
m., found .Joseiih ai'd myself each with a class of as unruly bo^'s 
as ever tried the patience of a .Sunday school leiieher; but North 
American ex|ierienco subdued them at last. 

Class exercises being over, the "gentleman from America who 
had attended that school when a hoy,'- was invited to the pul])it 
and gave out a hymn from the .'^ankey collection, whieli, with 
the aid of an orgiin, was very wel! rendered by the scliool. 

The "gentleman fr.mi Arcerica" then expressed his satisfaction 
at being present and recalled some of bis early experience in that 
same ichool room, and the mottoes "Kemember the .Sabhiith," 
"Feed my lambs," etc,, that he saw on the walls there reminded 
him of his Sunday school and ppople, and made him feel quite at 
home. etc. 

Continuing, he reliilcd how, some twenty-live years ago, he and 
his mother crossed the .\tlantic, stayed a few years in Uoston, then, 
after some two weeks' travel by train, andsleamboat up the mighty 
Missouri, started westward in company of some five hundred 
others, people of faith in Oorl, who morning an<l night, gathered 
together and otVi'red up their prayer.i to Israel's (iod. In this 
hand of (lod-fenring people, with the iisual incidents of camp lif(', 
he traveled some thirteen weeks over the groat American |daiii.s 




—i.'*! )T— - 



M'^ 



-^\ 



»!• 



CTTJ^IBlsrJlLE in^STK.TJGTOI^. 



59 



and through the I'ncky Mountains, and found himself in Salt 
Lake City, amongtlie Latter-day Paints, or ''Mormons," so-called, 
among whom ho had happily lived ever since, and found them a 
good, honest, God-fearing people, cle. 

At this point of the discourse several pairs of eyes were Avide 
open, and a decided sensation was manifested by some of the 
heads of the school, and the younger ones seemed quite interested. 

An account of our general Sunday school jubilees, statistics, 
persecutions, etc., briefly stated, followed. 

I thanked them generally, and the superintendent particularly, 
for the courtesies extended, aud gaye notice that if their superin- 
tendent ever visited Salt Lake City wo would be pleased to 
reciprocate, promising him a good school in the loth Ward, of 
some two hundred and fifty members, to speak to 

He made a few, very few, remarks, and asked me to dismiss 
with prayer, which I did, and afterwards enjoyed a .good chat 
with several of the teachers, in which Elder Jennings took an 
active part. 

Well, God bless TJlah's faithful Sunday school teachers, at 
whose monthly meetings, in Salt Lake City, I am frequently 
present in mind, and taking in the "Goddardisms'' of Brother 
George, and can see his "clear" head, oh! so plainly. 

Well, forgive me, dear Juvenile, just this once, for the length 
of this letter, and I'll never do so again, and remain as ever 

Yours in the gospel 

T. C. Griqgs. 



COMMON SCRIPTURE SAYINGS. 



BY S. F. D. 



THERE are many sayings common among Latter-day Saints 
which no doubt puzzle the young and cause lliem to won- 
der: "Why should it be so?' and "How is it to be?' etc. 

We are told that this is "the dispensation of the fullness of 
times," and, unlike the Christian world generally, who believe 
the Lord is some mysterious, incomprehensible myth, we have 
been taught that He is a great and merciful Father, in whom 
all fullness dwells; that in His image we were created; that 
He has endowed each of His sons and daughters with some 
portion of every attribute and passion of His nature. 
This being the ease, all these sayings which emanate from Him 
are calculated to edify and instruct us; and always harmonize 
perfectly to those who have sought diligently and obtained the 
Holy Spirit, which bringeth understanding of His ways. 

A dispensation of the gospel is a time in which the Lord 
reveals Fiis will, and confers the holy priesthood ujion nun in 
the flesh, with power to bind on earth and in heaven; and 
when the keys to build up and establish His kingdom are 
given to men on the earth. 

"But," says one of our little readers, "what is the priest- 
hood that can bind on earth and in heaven? AVhat are those 
keys .so often spoken of? and, finally, Why is this charue- 
tirized as the dispensation of the fulines.s of tinies?' 

The priesthood is the power oF God delegated to man on 
the earth, the authority necessary to enable any iht-oii I ) 
minister in those ordinmcos which all men and wonieii must 
receive in order to fit and qualify themselves lo dwell in His 
presence. .'\nd they upon whom this authority is cDnferred, 
who will yield obedience to its dict.ition and sliive continually 
to learn the things of (Sol, will be "ieil into all truth." .\s 
the Lord has appointed that all ordination work necessary t > 
prepare us for the next sla'e of rxi-tei:ce niu«t bo done l^y 
tho.se still in the fiesh, they who officiate in these ordinances 
must possess aufhorit.y which extends beyond the narrow limits 
i\ ^' '^'^ temporal stage of action, or what would it avail those 



who receive the ordinances when beyond the grave? Hence 
the necessity of the authority to bind on earth and in heaven, 
which is the authority of the priesthood. 

The keys so often spoken of in the word of the Lord 
include the power to obtain knowledge ; for those who have 
the keys and power of the luiesthood can enter the doors 
that lead to the light and intelligence which emanate from 
God, and receive knowledge relaiive to His work on the earth, 
and can impart to the children of men those things which in 
His wisdom He chooses to communicate to them. 

This is called "the dispensation of the fullness of times," 
because all the keys which have ever been conferred upon men 
in all ages of the world were given to Joseph Smith, with the 
assurance that the work should no more be thrown down ; 
because it is the preparatory work for ushering in the glad 
millennium, when our blessed Savior will live and reign on the 
earth for a thousand years. During that time Satan will be 
bound, and will have no power on the earth. The nations will 
then learn war no more, but will be subject to the law which 
proceeds out of Zion. The ijlands and continents will again 
unite, and be as they were before the earth was divided. 
"Israel will be gathered from her long dispersion," and 
temples will be reared to the Most High, in which to do the 
work for all who have died without a knowledge of the gospel 
back to the days of Father Adam. 

Children, these are but a few of the main features of the 
bright and glorious future which lies before us. >V^e should 
prepare ourselves to perform our several paits in this future 
work. The following beautiful lines by Longfellow will apply 
to every one of us: 

"In the world's broi»d field of battle. 

In the bivouac of life. 
Be not like dumb, driven cattle; 
Be a hero in the strife. 

* ■;;- * '.7 » 
"Lives of great men all remind us 

We can make our lives sublime; 
And departing, leave behind us 
Footprints on the sands of time. 

* •»■ if -■> if 

"Let us, then, be up and doing 

With a heart for an.y fate; 
Still achieving, still pursuing. 

Learn' to labor and to wait." 



A Tii.vn AIaukf.t. — Among the many ciuious sights to be 
seen in Paris is a toad market, where toads are sold. Toads 
are sold by the barrel. Think of it! Toads selling like 
potatoes. Who buys them? Vegetable gardeners. To eat? 
Not at all. For the reason that toads devour the insects that 
would otherwise devour the vegetables. Let us watch them. 
The man in a blouse bares his arm and thrusts his open hand 
into the slimy swarm and brings up one, two three or four 
gymnastic toads, wriggling and writhing. He points out the 
merits and delivers them in a box by the dozen to the eager 
market gardener, who takes his choice and pays his price. 
Ttie bujing and selling is done expeditiously and quietly, aud 
the profit to the venders is great. Of course a good many 
people suppose the French people eat them ; but this is a 
great mistake. They eat frogs, but a frog differs from a toad 
as a chicken differs from a crow. 



Tl' you wish success in lifi'. m-ike persoverenco your bo.soni 
fiiind, (xpoiicnce your wise counselor, caution your elder 
brother, aud hope your guardian genius. — Aildi'smi. 




■^ 60 



cru'viEnNriLE ii^tsti^tjgtoi^. 




a L A D L Y ]M E E T I N C> . 



Music by A Flat. 




:^=zpr 



-4.P- 



Glad - ly meet - ing, kind - ly 



greeting, On this prcc 



lous meeting day, 



Sinful thoughts be all for- 



:=l==f^-»: 



i^n:^: 



=3=^^ 



=1=1; 



-m — ' — ^-^^ 



:^ 






saken — 






hv -rv 



'c>-! |r:^ jz=g.r]d==:!z-! 




sing and praj'. 



Gladly meeting, 
Kindly greeting, 
Lot us all unite in heart, 
AVhilethe throne we're all addressing. 
And our sinful ways confessing, 
Let us seek a heavenly blessing, 
Ere we hence depart. 



Glailly meeting, 
Kindlj' greeting. 
As each meeting shall return, 
May our minds by study brighten — 
May our aspirations liighten. 
And may grace our souls enlighten 
"While we strive to learn. 



THKEE PRICELESS OEMS 

VJllTUE, LOVE AXD TRUTH 




BY W. CLEGG. 



The worth of virtue can never be told ; 
It is far more I'reci'ius than glittering gold. 
Creating expressinns of exquisite grace, 
Balliing in beauty the human face. 
It frameth a conscience pure as the snow, 
And grandlj' with honor adorns the brow; 
I'nder its asjioct, unspeakably sweet, 
Health, contentment and happiness meet. 

True hive is a prize that cannot be bought; 
lis price is not found in the range of thought. 
Uniting our hearts in the bonds of joy, 
"Which time cannot sever, nor death destroy. 
The pure quintessence of Hi-aven's delight, 
It Cometh to us from the realms of liglit; 
It looked with compassion on fallen man, 
And prompted redemption's wondrous plan. 

And thou, unsullied, imperial truth, 

That shinest forever in fadeless youth. 

That no bribe can pure' ase, nor falsehood slain, 

No hand inipiison wiih dungeon diain ! 

The martyr's (ire cannot injure thee. 

Or liiiider thine ulliiiiat<' destiny ! 

Tliou only fiundiiti")n forever sure. 

Who buildeth on thee may rest secure. 



SCRIPTUl.'AI. i;XI(iM.\. 



T.V \V. S. 



I'UPI'I.KTO.N. 



What wa-^ the name of the mother in-law of Ju.-cph, the 
son of Jacob'.' 
, When one of the prophets wa.s cist into a miry dun- 
geon, who iatereeded in his helialf and brought 
him out'.' 



3. Wlut was the name of the woman who, having died at 

Joppa, was broudit to life when one of the apostles 
kneeled down and prayed to the Lord? 

4. Who was it that found favor in tlie king's sight more 

than all the maidens that were brought before him? 

5. W'ho was it that pleaded for the life of his brother, that 

his father might see him again? 
C. Who was it that was taken among thorns, and bound 
willi fetters and carried to I?abylon by the king of 
Assyria? 

7. Who was it that waxed mighty and married fourteen 

wives, and had twenty-two sons and sixteen daugliters? 

8. Who succeeded to the office of the king that was slain at 

Sathish? 

9. Who had cjnrge of .lOd men that lapped water like a 

dog? 

10. Who was it that was appointed unto death, and by his 

faith and prayers liad fifteen years added to his life? 

11. Who was it that, when wounded by a woman, told his 

armorbcarer to kill him. that it might not be said, "a 
woman slew him?" 

12. In what city was it that the Savior saw a widow weeping 

because lier son was dead, and said to her, ''Weep 

not," and commanded the dead to rise. 
Ihe first letters of these names, combined, will give the name 
of a man who established and hcljied to build the first settle- 
ment in tlr3 largest, wcahhic^t and mo>t fjuittul valley in tlii 
northern part of Utah. 

JTJ VEIsTIX .E usraari^Tj-OTOK. 

Is I'ublishcd in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIKST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORCiK: CI. CANNON, 



KDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Sinr/lc Ciipy, prr Annum, - - - $2.00. 
On Copies Sent bv .^Iail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 




