
THE head-dresses and various stj'les of arranging the hair 
among uucivilized races afford a curious and interesting 
study. St3'lish ladies of civilized countries who pride them- 
selves so much on their elaborate and fanciful coiffures would 
not feel flattered at learning that their fashions in this respect 
nearly all have their counterparts .among the various unciv- 
ilized races. Wigs, curls, chignons, switches and many other 
such adornments are quite as fashionable amone some 
barbarous tribes as among the enlightened nations. There is 
this difference, however, while with us it is the hair of the 



int 5 strips, which are generally topped off with beautifully 
shaded feathers. The wearers are very proud of these 
adornments, and delight in showing them off to the best 
advantage, which is generally done during their dances. It 
is not among them, though, that we must look for the most 
elaborate and fantastic head gear. 

For curious and grotesque styles of doing up the hair, the 
Fijians probably surpass all other races. The chiefs among 
them have special hair-dressers whose services they require 
for several hours every day to arrange their hair. The hair 





ladies upon which the most attention is bestowed, among 
uncivilized, races it is that of the men that enjoys the 
monoply. 

The head-dresses of three natives o! (Juiana, shown in the 
accompanying engraving will convey to the mind of the 
reader but a slight idea of the extent to which tlie adornment 
of the head is carried among the native races of that and 
other countries. ]\[any of tlic head-dresses of the Guianans 
arc described as being really very beautiful. The foundation 
of them frequently consists of a circlet of thin dark cane, cut 



of the Fijian is stiff, wiry and plentiful, and a man's hair will 
frc(|uciitly measure over three feet and sonietinies as niuchjis 
five feet in circuniforencc. A writer who resided thirteen 
years among these people thus describes their hair-drossing: 
"Whatever may be said about the appearenco being un- 
natural, the best coiffures have a surprising and almost 
geometrical accuracy of outline, combined with a round soft- 
ness of surface and unifurmify of dye which display extraor- 
dinary care, and merit some jiraise. They seem to be carved 
out of some solid subsl.-iiici', and arc variously colored. Jet- 





14: 



JTJ^En^ILE IITSTI^/TJOTOI^. 



<r\ 




black, blue-black ashy white, and several shades of red 
prevail. Amon.? j-oung people, bright red and flaxen are in 
favor. Sometimes two or more colors meet on the same head. 
Some heads are finished, both as to shape and color, nearly 
like an English counf:elor's wig. 

"In some, the hair is a spherical mass of jet black, 
with a white roll in front, as broad as the hand; or, in lieu of 
this, a white, oblong braid occupies the length of the fore- 
head, the black passing down on either side. In each ca?e 
the black projects further than the white hair. Some heads 
have all the ornamentation behird, consisting of a cord of 
twisted coils, ending in tassals. In others the cords give 
place to a large red roll or a sandy projection falling on the 
neck. On one head, all the hair is ot one uniform length, 
but one-third in front is ashy or sandy, and the rest 
black, a shapely defined separation dividin? the two 
colors. 

"Not a few are so ingeniously grotesque as to appear as if 
done purposely to excite laughter. One has a large knot of 
fiery hair on his crown, all the rest of the head being bald. 
Another has the most of his hair cut tmay, leaving three or 
four rows of small clusters, as if his head were planted with 
small paint brushes. A third has his head bare, except 
where a black patch projects over each temple. One, two, or 
three cords of twisted hair often fall from the right temple, a 
foot or eighteen inches long. Some men wear a numlwr of 
these braids so as to form a curtain at the back of the neck, 
reaching from one ear to the other." 

The Fijian carries a long-handled comb with him, to comb 
his hair and scratch his head, which, when not in use, he 
carefully sticks over one ear. When he sleeps he rests his 
neck upon a wooden support, so as not to mar tue arrange- 
ment of his hair. 

The Abyssinians are also noted for the care which they 
bestow upon their hair. Of them. Professor Carl Yogt 
^ays: 

"In Abyssinia, as soon as a young girl is married it becomes 
her duty to devote herself to her husband's bend of hair. 
This head of hair is made to assume a certain shape, which 
it has to retain during his whole lifetime. The labor which 
this process necessitates lasts for three years. Each hair is 
twisted round a stem of straw, and remains so until the straw 
perishes. The man's head is thus covered with a whole 
system of spirals, the top of which is a foot from the surface 
of his head. During the whole remainder of his life this 
eo'ffure must never be again disturbed. When asleep, the 
Abyssinian rests the nape of his neck on a triangle which he 
carries about everywhere with him. He has also a long pin, 
as it would be impossible for him to reach the skin of his 
head with the end of his finger." 

Another writer upon Abyssinian customs states that plait- 
ing the hair is ven' much in vogue with them, and says: — 
"The plaits are held in their places by a sort of fixture made 
of boiled cotton-seeds, and are plentifully saturated with 
butter. Vast quantities of this latter article are consumed in 
Abyssinian toilets, and it is considered a mark of fashion to 
place a large pat of butter on the top of the head before 
going out in the morning, and to allow it to be melted by the 
heat of the sun and run over the hair. Of course it drips 
from the ends of the long tresses on the neck and clothes of 
the wearer, but such stains are considered as marks of 
wealth." 

The most extraordinarj* growth of hair, for length, is 
probably found among the Crow tribe of Indians. A chief 



among them some years since, known as Long Hair, 
had tresses which measured ten feet seven inches in 
length. 



BIG- -W O lE^. ID S . 



BY BETH. 



SOME people seem to take delight in using'the longest words 
they can find in the dictionary to convey their ideas in. 
Or, rather, they do not use the dictionary at all, or they would 
chcose more appropriate words. Again, they seem to want 
to make every word as important as possible, as though it 
were really necessary to set off each word to advantage, with- 
out reference to sense. 

"What are you?" .said a magistrate to a witness. 

"1 am an expander of the membranous filaments, conglo- 
bated within the nucleus of the pericranium," replied the 
witness. 

He was a' schoolmaster. Now this parade of learning is 
not necessary, even if it is correct language, which it fre- 
quently is not. 

A pedantic style, either in writing or speaking, is not to be 
admired. However much- credit for learning a person may 
gain among ignorant or thoughtless people by such a style, 
those of better judgment are sure to consider it as an evidence 
that he is lacking in sense. The poet says of such a person, 

Brirafiill of learning, see that pedant stride. 
Bristling with horrid Greek, and puff'd with pride I 
A thousand authors he in vain has read. 
And with tlieir maxims stuff 'd his empty head; 
And thinks that without Aristotle's rule. 
Reason is blind, and common sense a fool 1 

As a rule simple language is more forcible than that which 
is difficult to comprehend, because it is more readily and gen- 
erally understood by the hearers or readers. 

It may be pardonable if an error in speaking occurs, but it 
is scarcely so in writing. In the hurry of composition words 
may be used extravagantly, perhaps unmeaningly, but they 
should be removed, even if they do sound well. It is sense 
that is wanted, not sound without sense. The fewer the 
words the better, if the meaning is made clearly understood. 
And, above all, it is important that our words mean what 
they say, whether it be in speaking or writing. 

The words used should be the best at our command. We 
need not aim at extravagance in all that we say or write. We 
need not say that John is a "wonderfully" tall man, because 
ho happens to be above the usual bight. There is nothing, 
as a general thing, to excite wonder in any man being tall. 
We need not say that a flower is of "exquisite fragrance," 
because it simply possesses a pleasant perfume; although that 
would be more correct than to say of "admirable fragrance." 
We may admire its beauty, form or perfection, but not its per- 
fume. Extravagance of expression is an error which many 
persons are apt to fall into, especially young writers. 

Of course, elegance of expression can not at once be 
attained to, but a fair degree of accuracy may be acquired by 
attention. Some of the most felicitous .sentences in the writ- 
ings of our greatest authors are the results of the most 
assiduous attention to the use of words, however marvelous 
they may appear to us for simplicity, beauty and expressive- 
ness. 



ihA>nnatta.-i»!UEc»».vj 




JTJ^ElNriljE] IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI^ 



15 



j^'IiH^tcr jjoji lite 




ABOUT BOOKS. 




My Lit-tle Feiexds: 

I Avant to talk to you a-bout books. 
The woi'kl is full of books. Some books 
are ver-y good, but otli-ers are ver-y bad. 
Lit-tle cliil-dren do not al-ways know 
whicli are the good books and which are 
the bad ones; for man-y bad books have 
reacl-ing in them that sounds nice-ly — that 
seems to be good; and bad peo-ple fix 
them up with fine pic-tures, so that boys 
and girls want to read them to find out 
what the pic-tures are a-bout. But man-y 
wick-ed things are writ-ten in such books, 
and they are of-ten full of lies. Man-y of 
these bad books are called nov-els. Most 
nov-els are poor-ly cov-er-ed with poor 
pa-per, of red, blue, yel-low, and oth-er 
col-ors; and so are some-times called yel- 
low hacks. They are not ev-en worth good 
cov-ers. Don't read such books. 

Good books are al-most sure to be well 
bound. And thoudi good books that are 
writ-ten for chil-dren may have nice pic- 
tures in them; the pic-tures, like the read- 
ino:, will tell the truth. Good books will 
al-ways teach you those things that will 
help you to "Be great, and good, and wise," 
as one of your pret-ty Sun-day school 
songs says. They will tell you of God, 
and of His won-dcr-fid works; and will lead 
you back to live with llim; for lie, you 
should know, is your lleav-en-ly Fath-er. 
They will tell you how to be-come far-mcrs 
and gar-den-ei's; and Ihjw to make use-ful 
things, such as watch-cs, and en-gines to 
make rail-road cars and steam-boats go. 
They will tell you all a-bout the man-y 
(lif-fer-ent })e()-ple of oth-er lands; show- 



ing you how they dress, how they get their 
liv-ing; and let you know what var-i-ous 
kinds of an-i-mals, fruits, flow-ers and veg- 
e-ta-bles, live and grow in those coun- 
tries. 

In an-oth-er let-ter I mean to write to 
you the names of some of the best of the 
good books, such as the Bib-le, and tell 
vou some of the man-y ffood thina's you 
will find in them. FArriii-uL Ffjenp. 






IT is not a very ea<!y task to ascertain the nature of the 
food used anciently, even among civilized nations, the 
history of which has Keen handed down to us. As a rule 
historians have ignored the subject, or contented themselves 
with very slight allusions to it; jjrobably considering it of too 
trivial a nature to occupy their attention, as it was commonly 
uuderstood in their day. 

If we commence with ancient Egypt, which is regarded as 
the birthplace of civilization and ihe cradle of the arts and 
sciences, we find that the most that is now known concerninj; 
t'le food used, and manner of preparing and eating it, has been 
gathered by scientific men recently from the inscriptive monu- 
ments of past ages that are still in existence. 

True, there is something to he learned upon this subject 
ftom the ancient laws in regard to food, for we find from 
reading the Bible, as also from ancient secular hi-tory, that 
certain kinds of food were prohibited, while others were allowed. 
Either the prohibition or the license might be accepted as 
proof tbnt the articles mentioned were, or had been, in use. 

For instance, we may infer from the fact that the Israelilcs 
were prohibited from eating blood, that it had been customary 
in Egypt to eat it (.Deut. xi, K'l, :J'!. ]. It is likely, als'i, that 
locusts and grasshoppers were common arlicles of diet, as wc 
find (Leviticus xi, "J^) they were numbered among the kinds 
of food which the Israelites were priviliged to eat. Locusts 
and wild honey constituted the food upon which .Tolin the 
Baptist subsisted at a much later period (Mat. iii., 4 ) 

According to our ideas of food, we would think it would 
require considerable honey to make locusts ]ialatablo, but it is 
a well known fact that these insects, have been eaten and rel- 
ished by various uncivilized tribes without any such thing as 
hojiey to help them down. Tlie Hottentots, and savages of 
South Africa now eat them. 

Historians agree in pronouncing the ancient Egyptians a 
very frug.il, temperate people. Kven the kitigs had their 
proportion of eatables and liquids prescribed them, 'i'hough 
the diet was principally of vegcatbles, fli:sh was also eaten, 
principally that of the ox and the jioose. According to 
Wilkinson, a prejudice existed against the eating of sheep, 
and cows were considered sacred, ,-ind tiirbiiiden to be eaten. 

\Vi: may infer that the eating of li>li was not very uncninmon, 
from the fiictof the Isra(!lites, when ln'wailing their lot after 
leaving Hgypt, said, "Who shall give us flesh to eat. We 



'^-' 16 



CTTJ^EnSTTX^E IltTSTI^-CrCTOI?. 




remember the fish which we did eat in Egypt freely, the 
cucumbers, the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the 
garlic." 

Herodotus says that the food of the workmen who built the 
Pyramids consisted of onions and garlic. Rather poor fare, 
one would think, to work hard upon. However, this is dis- 
puted by other historians, who say that probably these were all 
that were supplied at government expense but that lentils may 
be reckoned as part, if not the chief article, of their diet. 
The priests among the Egyptians were prohibited from eating 
onions, and most kinds of pulse were also denied them. 

The manner of eating in Egypt, anciently, was for all the 
company to sit around a table and each person dip his bread 
into a dish which was placed in the center, and then eat. 
This dish was removed at a sign from the ho.st, and its place 
supplied by others, according to an established rule. 

At a later period it became customary to recline upon 
couches when at meals, but this custom only became general 
as the pepple increased in opulence and acquired luxurious 
habits. 

There was one very curious custom in vogue among the 
ancient Egyptians. It was that of introducing a wooden 
image of a human mummy at the table during the repast, 
(or, according to Herodotus, atter the repast). This image 
was shown to each guest jiresent to remind him of his mor- 
tality and the transitory nature of human pleasures. Ho 
was warned thereby that some day he would be like that 
figure; that men "ought to love one another, and avoid those 
evils which tend to make them consider that life is too long, 
when, in reality, it is too short." It was calculated to restrain 
him from excessive indulgence, by constantly reminding him 
during his enjoyment how precarious life was. 

Some writers even claim that the Egyptians, on occasions 
of feasts, sometimes placed the mummy of a dead relative on 
the table as one of their guests, for the .same purpose. The 
idea of death was not revolting to them as it is to modern 
civilized nations; hence this custom, though a very curious, 
cannot be regarded as a very bad, one. That people held the 
dead in great veneration. 

It is said this same custom was in vogue among the Greeks, 
but that they perverted it, and considered the exhibition of 
the mummy as a reminder that they must enjoy the pleasures 
of life while they could, and consequently advocated the 
principle ot "Live while you may." The Jews are said to 
have adopted similar .sentiments regarding the custom. 
( To lit Contintied. ) 



Oi'R BoY.^. — Horace Mann was once making an address 
with reference to some institution just erected, which had for 
its purpose the saving of boys, and in the course of his 
remarks he .said, that if but one boy was saved by the means, 
it would be worth all the outlay. 

A gentleman asked him afterwards if he did not color that 
statement rather highly. Said he, "Would not that be a 
great deal to do to .save just one boy?" 

Horace Mann made answer in his own grave, forcible style — 
"Not if it was my boy!" 

That was a view that brought it home with power to the 
mind of the questioner. Every ruined lad is "my boy" to 
some father or mother. It is natural for a parent to feel a 
little more interested in the saving of his own children than 
those of others; but the gospel teaches us to tender a saving 
hand to all, and in doing so we are sure of our reward. 



^ttestion^ and ^nsitter^ 



LESSON -JXXXIV. 



Q. — What three colonies does the Book of Mormon mention, 
as having settled on this American continentV 

A. — That led by Jared and his brother from the Tower of 
Babel, that led by Lahi and Nephi, and that led by Mulek, the 
son of King Zodekiah. 

Q. — By what names were they known? 

A. — The first was called Jaredites, the second Nephites and 
Lamanites, and the third the people of Zarahemla. 

Q. — What pai-t of the continent did the Jaredit=3 principally 
occupy? 

A.— North America, though it is probable ihey spread over 
all the land. 

Q. — Were the other colonies confined to any particular place 
of North or South America? 

A. — No; they spread over all the land. 

Q. — In the beginning where did they principally live? 

A. — The NephitGs and Lamanites first lived in South America, 
afterwards in Central America and then in North America. 

Q. — Where was the Jaredite nation destroyed? 

A.— At the hill Ramah. 

Q. — Where was the Nephite nation destroyed? 

A. — At the hill Curaorah. 

Q — Are these two names for the same hill? 

A. — Yes; it was called Eamah by the Jaredites, and Cumorah 
by the Nephites. 

Q. — In what part of the land i.s this hill? 

A. — Between Palmj'ra and Manchester, Oneida County, in 
the State of New York. 

Q. — Do you know where Joseph Smith the prophet found the 
records of the Book, of Mormon? 

A. — He found them in the hill Cumorah. 

OiT THIE BIBLE. 



Q —What did David do when he came from Hebron to Jeru- 
salem? 

A.— He tdok more concubines and wives. 

Q. — How many sons were born to him in Jerusalem? 

A. — Eleven. 

Q.— What did the Philistines do when they heard that David 
was anointed king oyer Israel? 

A.— They came up to seek David. 

Q.— In what place did the Philistines spread themselves? 

A.— In the valley of Rephuim. 

Q._Whal inquiry did David make of the Lord? 

A.— Whether ho should go up to the Philistines, and if He 
would deliver them into his hands. 

Q —What reply did the Lord make? 

A..— "Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into 
thine hand." 

Q.— What was the result? 

A.— "David smote them there, and said, The Lord hath broken 
forth'uDon'mine enemies before me, as the breach of waters." 

Q,— What name did David give that place? 

A. — I!aal-)iera/.im. 

Q.— Wnat did the Philistines leave behind them? 

A. — Their images. 

Q, — W'hat was done with them? 

A. — David and his men burned them. 

y.— What did the Philistines then do? 

A.— They came again and spread themselves in the valley of 
Rephaim. 



O 



Quj^i 





k 



JTJ^ElISriXjE IlNrSTI?.TJOTOie. 




ai3:EEK.:F'TJ3L.nsrEss. 



BY R. H. S. 



THERE is no one quality that so much attaches a person, 
young'Or old, to his fellow beings as cheerfulness. Talents 
may excite more respect and virtue more esteem, but the 
respect is apt to be distant and the esteem cold, and without 
that feeling of love that should be given to each other. It is 
far different to this with cheerfulness. It endears a man to 
the heart, and not the intellect or the imagination. There is 
a kind, reciprocal diffusiveness about this quahty that recom- 
mends its possessor by the very effect it produces. There is a 
mellow radiance in the light it sheds on all social intercourse, 
which pervades the soul to a depth that the blaze of intellect 
can never reach. 

The cheerful person is a double blessing — a blessing to him 
or herself, as also to all those with whom he or she may be 
associated. In their own character their good nature is the 
clear blue sky of their own hearts, on which every star of 
talent shines out more clearly. To others they carry an atmos- 
phere of joy, hope and encouragement wherever they move. 
This cheerfulness becomes infectious, and their associates lose 
their moroseness and their gloom in the amber-colored light of 
benevolence cast around them. It is true that cheerfulness is 
not always happiness. The face may glow in smiles while the 
heart runs in coldness and darkness below, but cheerfulness is 
the best external indication of happiness that we have, and 
it enjoys this advantage over almost every other good quality, 
that the counterfeit is as valuable to society as the reality. 

A man is worthy of great praise, whatever may be his 
private griefs, who does not intrude them on the happiness of 
his friends, but constantly contributes his quota of cheerful- 
ness to the general public enjoyment. Every heart knows 
its own bitterness, but let the possessor of that heart take 
heed that he does not distill it into his neighbor's cup, and 
thus spoil his happiness. 

There is no sight more commendable and more agreeable 
than that of a man whom we know fortune has dealt with badly 
smothering his peculiar griefs in his own bosom, and doing 
his duty in society with unruffled brow and cheerful mien. It 
is a duty which society has a right to demand, a portion of 
that great chain which binds humanity together, the links of 
which every one of us should preserve bright and unsullied. 
Yes, yes, cheerfulness is a debt we all owe to each other. Let 
us faithfully discharge the debt, and by so doing have the 
approbation of all among whom we may sojourn. 



WilEX Carlyle had finished his first volume of "The 
French Revolution," he loaned the nianuscriiit to a literary 
friend to read. When he called for it to send to the waiting 
printer, what was his consternation to find that the maid, 
in her ignorance, had used it to kindle the fires. 

Almost in despair, he still sat down to write it over 
again from memory, as he had no draft left. The firt 
composition had been a great pleasure, the second was 
intense pain. 

How much more sensible and philosophical it was ftjr the 
great writer to take that course, than it would have been for 
him to fly into a furious passion over the accident. Creatne-ss 
of mind is not displayed by yielding to, but rathcT by the gnv- 
erning of the temper. He is truly a victor who has gained a 
complete mastery over his temper. 



S TJ IT ID .A. "X^ XjESSOITS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON LXVl. 



Q.— "When was the Nauvoo Mansion opened? 

A.— About the middle of September, 1843. 

Q.— What was the general feeling of the people in Mis- 
souri and Illinois towards Joseph and the Saints at this 
time? 

A — It was that of hitter hatred. 

Q.— What took place in the City Council on the 29th of 
December, 1843? 

A. — Forty men were sworn in ss city police. 

Q. — After they had taken the oath of office, who gave them 
instructions? 

A. — Joseph Smith, the prophet. 

Q. — Why were so many policemen needed? 

A. — Because his life was constantly threatened by apostates 
and others. 

Q —What was done on the 17th of February, 18447] 

A.— A meeting was held at Carthage for the purpose of having 
the Saints driven from Nauvoo. 

Q.— What prediction did Joseph Smith mske on the 25th of 
February? 

A. — That the Saints would be beyond the reach of their 
enemies in live years. 

Q.— Was that prophecy fulfilled? 

A. — Yes; thousands of Saints were in Salt Lake City within 
that time. 

Q. — For what object was an important meeting held within 
the walls of the temple on the 7th of March? 

A. — To continue the work on the temple. 

Q. — Who were present at the meeting? 

A.— The Prophet Joseph, his brother Hyrum, eight of the 
Twelve Apostles and eight thousand Saints. 

Q.— When did Joseph Smith ofter himself as a candidate for 
the office of President of the United States"' 

A.— In the Spring of 1844. 

Q. — When was the first conference held in 1844? 

A.- On the Gth day of April. 



REjfARKABLE Longevity. — Tradition says that Alexander 
the Great took from Porus, an Indain king, a monster 
elephant. These animals were then, as now, held in the 
highest esteem in that countiy. That particular elephant 
fought so bravely for his master that the admiration of the 
conqueror was excited in his favor. He ordered him to be set 
free, and allowed to range at pleasure — first naming him Ajax, 
and fixing a medal securely to his neck, bearing this inscrii)- 
tion: "Alexander, son of Jupiter, dedicated Ajax to the sun." 
Three hundred and fifty-four years after, the old fellow was 
re- discovered, and proliably in good condition, as nothing was 
recorded to the contrary. Therefore it is probable that 
elephants may live several centuries before the machinery of 
life gives out. Cuvier, the great French naturalist, saw no 
reason why whales should not reach a thousand years. An 
eagle died at N'ienna, that was known to be one hundred and 
four years old. Ravens have been active at ono hundred 
years. A skeleton of a swan is now in the posscs.sion of an En- 
glish gentleman, that died wlien two hundred and ninety years of 
age. Toitoises have been rci)catcdly found with dates cut into 
their shells by ancient hunters, showing they were over one 
hundred, and yi^t were crawling on vigorously, with new mark- 
ings, into a second ceutuiy. 



vlQ^. 




IS 



iTTJ^EIsriXjE in^STI^/UOTOI^. 




^hij JlarnTilif Mnstrncbti* 



GEORGE Q. CANKON, EDITOR. 

SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1878. 




S 



^UR Territorj' was noted in early days for 
the temperance of its people. Liquor 
and intoxicating drinks of every de.scrip- 
tion were not sold to the public. There 
was not the temptation to drink those 
things then that there is now. They 
could not be easilj' procured. But now 
they can be. They are openly sold on 
almost every principal street. This is a 
great and unfortunate change. No one 
who loves Zion can think of this and not feel 
sad. What has produced this change? Is it 
the wish of the Latter-day Saints that liquors 
.should be sold so commonly as at present? 
Certainly not. But their wishes have not 
been carried out. Though the Saints are in the 
majorify in this Territory, they have not had the 
control of affair.s. A few officials who have been 
sent here have had greater power than all the peo- 
p.e. Tiiey have encouraged liquor saloons, gambling houses 
and other bad places. When the authorities of Salt Lake 
City have tried to close these places, imported judges and 
others have checked them and have used their power to 
shield and keep tliem open. The result is drunkenness has 
increased in the land. 3Iany drink because, if they have 
money, they can easily jiurchase what they want. But the 
most painful result to be witnessed in our country at present 
is the increase of liquor-drinking among young men and boys. 
How sad a sight it is to see a young man or boy whose parents 
are Latter-day Saints reeling drunk through the streets! Yet 
.such sights have been seen during the holiday times just passed. 
The habit of drinking liquor is a dreadfil one. It enslaves 
tho.se who indulge in it and brings them down to degradation 
and ruin. .'Many fall victims to this frightful practice, and 
.sink into early graves, who commenced to drink by taking 
what they call a social glass. They did not want to appear 
un.sociable when invited by friends to drink; so they would 
not refuse. But one drink led to another, until the habit was 
formed, a liabit .-itronger and harder to break than chains of 
steel. The danger is in the first drink. If a boy or man 
never takes the first drink, he will never become a drunkard. 
'"Oh," says the tempter, "take a drink; one drink won't hurt 
vou; come, be sociable." If the one who is thus invited 
yields to tliese persuasions, the probability is that he becomes 
a drinking man. But if he is firm and resists the invitation 
and says •No, I never have drunk any liquor and do not want 
to commenoe now," he obtains the mastery. After that it is 
easy for liini to decline .'■uch invitations, and it soon becomes 
known that he does not drink, and he is not pcstercil with 
invitations. 

Boys, abstain from ilrinking. Be lirni in resisting all invita- 
tions to drink liquor. Never take the first glass, and of course 
you will never take the second. The value of sobriety is 
beyond price. . In ever> department of life the man of good 



habits, the sober, temperate man has every advantage oyer 
the intemperate man. He can command better wages, is 
more reliable, and enjoys a peace and happiness far 
beyond anything known to the drinking man. These advan- 
tages he has in this life; but in the life to oome he has still 
greater advantages; the blessings promised are beyond all 
price. 



J/FANY people wonder at the constant warfare that is being 
L waged against the people of Utah. They cannot under- 
stand why there should be such hostility felt against us. But 
there is a reason for all this. The Lord revealed in the be- 
ginning that Satan would be angry and would seek to destroy 
His work and His servants. The Saints were taught to 
expect persecution, hatred and even death. They were 
taught not to love their lives more than the truth. The 
prophet .Joseph and many others were killed for the truth. 
Their blood was cruelly shed and cries from the earth to the 
heavens. The Saints have been driven from their homes and 
compelled to flee to the mountains, and yet the wicked are 
not satisfied. They desire to follow us up. They will not be 
sati-sfied as long as they live iipon the earth and retain the 
.spirit which they possess. They would be pleased to deprive 
us of all our rights, and to drive us forth again from our 
homes and destroy us. But will they succeed? No; they 
will not. The Lord has spoken this word and it cannot fail. 
The priesthood has been restored to the earth and the Church 
has been organized, and that authority will never be driven 
again from the earth. Children, you should never be fright- 
ened at any threats or action of the wicked. They will 
continue to fight this work and do all in their power against 
it as long as Satan has power. That we can depend upon. 



-•♦- 



An American Dish. — An amusing story is told, of which 
it is averred that no less a personage than the late George 
Peabody, the celebrated American banker, was the hero. It 
apyiears that IMr. Peabody had invited three Englishmen to 
meet two Americans at dinner, and on this occasion, having 
received as a gift ten ears of green corn determined to renew 
the recollections of his youth, astonish his English and please 
his American guests by having it served up in the well-known 
American st3'le. Accordingly, at a proper time, plates of but- 
ler and salt were placed before each guest, and the banker, 
with something of an air of mystery, announced that he was 
now about to treat his guests to a well-known and delicious 
American dish of food, cooked in the American manner. It 
would be no novelty to his American guests, but the English- 
men must watch how it was disi)Osed of by them, and follow 
their example and manner in disposing of it. Then, at a 
signal, entered a stately butler bearing a large covered dish, 
which he depo.sited solemnly before Mr. Peabody. In a 
moment more, in obedience to the banker's nod, he whisked 
off the cover, and there, before the astonished guests, was 
disjilayed a ])ile of ten boiled coin-eobs! The banker gazed 
for an instant in mute horror and dismay, and then found 
voice to demand an explanation, which was finally reached when 
the cook was summoned — a follow who had never before .seen 
an ear of Indian corn in his life. He replied that he had 
followed bis master's directions to "strip off all the outside 
before biiilii.g" which he had doLC njost faithfully, not only 
the husks, as was intended, but kernels also, so that the 
banker had only the corncobs left, as evidence of the 
feast, to indicate what were his good intentions to his 
guests. 



D 



G^. 




r^ 



J-TJ"V"EISriILiE Xn^STie^TJOTOI^. 



19 



^1 



THIE Xj1LjJ\.1s/LJ^. 



.■^ r-j^^-^-jfei ^ngSS 



OUR readers are all well acquainted with the appearance 
and habits of the camel, the "ship of the desert," as it 
is sometimes called. In the engraving which we here 
present, we have an animal which belongs to the same family 
as the camel, but which differs from that huge animal in 
several particulars. It is distinguished from the camel by 
the absence of humps on its back; by its two-toed feet only 
touching the ground at their extremities and by the soles of 
them being less flaitened; and by its general thape, which is 
more slender and graceful. 

There are three species of the Llama: the Llama proper, 
the Paca, and the Vicuna. 

The Llama was the only beast of burthen made use of by 
the Peruvians at the time America was discovered by Euro- 
peans, and it exists nowhere else in a wild slate. It is about 
the height of an under-sized horse; its head is small and 
well set; it has calosities on its breast, knees and hocks. Its 
coat is coarse, and varies in color from brown to black; occa- 
sionally it is grey, and 
even white. The hair on 
its body is always longer 
and more shaggy than on 
its head, neck, and 
legs. 

The ancient inhabitants 
of Peru made use of this 
species e'ltirely as beasts 
of burthen and labor; in 
fact, the Llamas were to 
the "New World" what 
the camels were to the 
old continent; but since 
the introduction of horses 
into America their em- 
ployment has much di- 
minished. These animals 
are, however, very us-eful 
for the transportation of 
heavy weights across the 
mountains and over the 
difficult roads of the Cor- 
dilleras, on account of the 
wonderful sureness of 





their footing. They walk very .slowly, and can carry upwards 
of a hundred and sixty pounds weight; but they must not be 
hurried, for if violence is used to fiuicken their pace they are 
certain to fall down, and rcfiisin.' to cet up, would allow 
themselves to be beaten to duath on the spot rather tlian 
resume their course. 

The climate which this animal prefers is (hat of jilateaux, 
from 10,000 to 1 1,000 feet above the sea, and in tln^se 
localities the most numerous herds of ]ilamas arc to be found. 
The natives fold the domesticated ones, like sheep, in special 
enclosures near their cabins. At sunrise they arc sot at 
liberty to seek their food, under th(! guidance of the old 
males. In the evening they return, frecpiently escorted by 
wild Llamas; but these take every i)rccMUtion to avoid being 
captured. 

In more wiys than one the L'am.i is most valuable to 
the inliabitants of the (I irdilleras; for the flesh of the 
young i.s good and whole;-oMio food, their skin produces a 
eather of value, and their hair is used tor various manufactures. 



These animals abound over the whole of the temperate 
parts of South America, from the wooded islands of Tierra 
del Faeffo. through the hilly parts of La Plata, the Cordilleras 
of the Andes, but principally in Peru aLd Chili. 

Like the camel, the Llama has the power of passing many 
days without drinking. It is said also that they drink salt 
water, and certainly it would appear that in some parts of 
the country where they are found they must either drink salt 
water or none at all, lor there is no other kind. 

The Paca inhabits similar localities to the former. It may 
immediately be recognized by the development of its hair, 
which is of a tawny-brown color, very long on the neck, shoul- 
ders, back, flanks, rump, thighs, and tail, and falling on each 
side of the body in long locks. The fore part of the head 
and back portion of the belly of this animal arc bare; on the 
former, from the eyes upwards to the ears, it is generally grey, 
whib the inside of its thighs are white. 

The Paca is gentle and timid, and allows itself to be led 
about by those who feed and tend it; but if a stranger attempts 
to take liberties with it, it kicks viciously, or ejects its saliva 

-^^, _^ ^^j =^s;s ^s=^s^^ over him. Its food is 

- " "t. similar to that of sheep; 

and its wool is very fine, 
elastic and long. 

The Vicuna is the small- 
est species of the Llama 
genus. It is the same 
size as a sheep, and strong- 
Ij' resembles the Llama, 
only that its shape is 
more elegant. Its legs, 
which are longer in iiro- 
portion to the body, arc 
more slender and better 
formed; its head is short- 
er and its forehead wider. 
Its eyes are large, intelli" 
gent, and mild; its throat 
is of a yellowish color; it3 
breast, the lower part of 
its belly, and the inside 
of its thigh s a r e 
white, while the re- 
mainder of its body is 
brown, 
surpasses in fineness and 



T.IE LLA.M.\. 

The rich !lee,-e of this animal 
softness any otlur wool with which we are acquainted. lu 
order to obtain ]Kissession of its skin hunters pursue it even 
over the steepest summits of the Andes, when, by driving, 
they force them into jicns eoinjiosed of tightly-stretched cords, 
covered with lags of varions colons, which frighten and pro- 
vent the prey attempting to escipe. One of these hiiKues 
somclinies produces from live hundred to a thousond skins. 
Instcid of destroying the Vicunas the |iro(ier course would 
be til make tlicm submit to the yoke ol' niaii; for great iirofit 
might b.! derived from their fleece. 

A very curious method of capturing the lilama, orduanaco, 
is sometimes adoptc<l by the P.itagoniaiis. The hunter 
entices the animals to hiiu by iinitaling the cry of their 
yotmg when in distress, or by playing various antics, such as 
lying on his back and kicking in the air, or tying a piece of 
hide or a bunch of feathers to a stick and waving it about. 
The itirpiisitive creatures gradually draw iicnrcr to him to 
hati>fy their curio.-ity until they are captured or killed. 





0" TJ "V E IsT I Xj E IIDTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



^'raxJtls itj^ |[nHia» 



BY WILLIAM POTHERINGHAM. 



( Continued. ) 



THE Thugs, alluded to in my last chapter, were, by force of 
example and education, led to regard murder and robbery 
as religious rites, and after committing such acts they went 
on their way with no feelings of hesitancy or remorse. They 
were trained to look upon the plundering of travelers as their 
professional callin.e, and the destruction of their victims as 
the necessary safeguard to their own security. They also 
claimed that their murderous practices were countenanced 
and regulated by higher powers; hence the observance of the 
usual Hindoo festivals, ot which Durga or Kali is the presid- 
ing goddess, to whom offerings are frequently presented at her 
most celebrated temples. One of these temples is situated at 
Kalighat, on the banks of the Hoogly, at Calcutta, whic^ 
the writer visited; another is near iViirzapore. These temples 
are the resort of the most atrocious-looking characters that 
are t^, be found in India. 

The Thugs solemnized special feasts in honor of Kali, and 
offered to her goats, fruits, rice and spirits; and after every 
murder it was their regular custom to offer to her with proper 
ceremony a certain portion of molasses and a piece of silver. 
The Thugs who took part in the strangling were the only ones 
permitted to participate in the molasses offering. All the 
superstitions of the Thugs are of Plindoo origin, yet the 
most of these characters are of the IMohammedan faith, and 
many of them profess to be strong believers in the doctrines 
taught in the Koran. They have admitted into their con- 
federacy low caste Hindoos, and adopted their superstitious 
notions and the especial worship of Bevi, Durga, Bhavani 
and the bride or Siva. 

According to Mohammedan traditions, the different clirjues 
of Thugs originally sprang from seven tribes who were all of 
the Mussulman faith, and resided in the suburbs of Delhi. 
They were driven from their haunts during the seventeenth 
century, and scattered over central India, and made their way 
as far as the Decan. 

The use of the noose, such as is used by the Thugs for 
strangling their victims, dates back to a very remote period. 
It was used by the ancients in battle. 

Herodotus notices a tribe called Sagartii, who used the 
noose in battle. The Persians in the tenth century undei stood 
well its use. Firdausi states, "He threw the well-twisted 
hamand (noose or lasso) and bound them fast upon the spot," 
and "when the hamand was cast from the hand of Rustam, 
the diademed head was caught in the coil." The "Ramayand," 
u very ancient pnem. giving the history of Rama, one of the 
incarnations of A'ishnu, states, "I give thee the noose of 
Gharma and also the noose weapon of Kali, difficult to be 
resisted, and likewise the highly venerated noose ot Yarnua." 
Varnua is the Hindoo divinity of the ocean. 
I now return to my narrative. 

AVhile the changing of bullocks was going on at Burkutta 
station we went ahead a short distance to the first rivulet to 
enjoy the luxury of a bath. Being some distruico from the 
road, when we returned to it, which was crooked and winding 
through a dense jungle, so that we could not see far in front 




or behind us, we were uncertain whether the carts were ahead 
or not. We, however, concluded that they must be ahead, 
and so kept following the road until we arrived at a village 
called Burkee, which we learned was eleven miles from 
Burkutta chokee. We had traveled this distance in less thai 
three hours in the broiling sun. I was afflicted with ringworm, 
the principal sores of which were upon my feet, and it was 
three weeks before I could again wear my boots. 

When the carts came up to Burkee, we had the gharawans 
halt an hour to enable us to get some rice cooked, as we had 
had nothing to eat since the night before. Four native 
christians were along with us, one of whom attended co the 
rice, cooking enough for his associates and us. We, having no 
Plates, used as a substitute the very large leaves of a tree, 
joined together. For spoons we started in by using a cracker, 
but before we got through came down to our fingers, like our 
native christian comrades, who made a more elegant showing 
than we did at eating rice in that fashion. This was the first 
cooked meal we had since leaving Calcutta, which was a period 
of fourteen days. 

The next principal station we came to was Sheergotty. The 
postmaster was an European, whose name was H. Davis. He 
was the first white man we had seen since parting with Elder 
Leonard. We were informed there were two more in the 
place. We introduced ourselves to Mr. Davis and explained 
the first principles of the gospel to him. We sold him the 
Book of ^Mormon and Voice of Warning, and gave him a 
pamphlet entitled the Voice of Joseph. 

Sheergotty being the termination of the Raghmall hills, our 
carts were left here while we and the freight here taken across 
the river Moorhur in hackries. Upon reaching the other side 
of the river we found wagons waiting to receive the freight. 

While in the vicinity of Sheergotty the rain poured down 
in torrents, beating into our wagon and drenching our bedding. 
The "mullahs," or ravines were soon filled with water to a 
great depth. 

Three stations beyond Sheergotty brought us to the river 
Butnah, which is about forty rods wide, and has a very swift 
current. The passengers and freight were ferried over in 
small, open boats, leaving the wagons, as others were waiting 
on the opposite shore. The continuous wet weather made 
the roads heav3'. The bullocks were weak, and no wonder, 
for their only provender was paddy, or rice straw, which con- 
tains about as little nourishment as wheat straw that has been 
exposed to the weather for years. After we crossed the river 
Butnah we only made six miles during one whole night and 
part of the following day, and labored hard, too, at that. We 
pushed and rolled wheels, and sometimes turned teamsters- 
However, in this we were not very saccessful, although we 
had driven oxen and horse teams acro.ss the American ccn- 
tinent. The Bengal bullocks did not understand us nor we 
them. They acted as if we were .strange to them, and it is 
probable they could recognize the difference between us and 
their drivers, both in color and dress; for the full uniform of 
a gharawan consists of a string around his loins with a rag 
attached to it. The bullocks would often lie down and refuse 
to get up. After using every other means to get them upon 
their feet, as a last resort, one of us would stretch out the 
animal's tail and the other rub it between two sticks, which 
would instantly raise them, to the a.stonishment of the drivers, 
for this mode was entirely new to them. 

On arriving at the river Soane, one of the principal feeders 
of the Ganges, three hundred and thirty-five miles from 
Calcutta, the wagons were again left to receive others on the 






jr TJ "^ E] nsr I L E) iidtstiotjctoi?. 



£1 




opposite shore. The river where we crossed was about two 
miles wide. We were two hours in crossing, during which 
time the rain poured down in torrents, our onlj' shelter being 
our umbrellas. 

The landings and ferry boats presented a v^ry lively scene: 
mud ankle deep, large crowds of pilgrims and other travelers, 
many on foot packing their budgets on their backs, some 
mounted on horses and bullocks. A few rode on elephants 
that were nicely adorned with gay scarlet trappings, to which 
were attached a variety of small bells, the sound of which 
seemed to please them. The riders were comfortably 
ensconsed in a howdah fastened upon the elephant's back, 
while the driver sat upon the back of his head, having an iron 
pin like a picket pin which he used to make him obey. 
Others were in haekries and ekahs, Hindustani conveyances. 
From the screeching noise made by the wheels, one would 
have thought that they stood greatly in need of grease; but, 
by the way. this is an article they never use. 
(2o he Contimied.) 



lagraf Hg* 



IP K. O 1= HC E T . 



THIE 



( Continued. ) 




AFTER Joseph and the other brethren had been in Liberty 
jail some time, they concluded they would try and make 
their escape. They did not come to this conclusion, howe'^er, 
until they had first tried every means they could tn obtain 
their liberty by law. The evening of the 7th of February 
was the time selected to make the attempt, when the jailer 
came in with their suppers. To be sure that they were right 
in trying to get away, H3Tum Smith asked his brother Joseph 
to inquire of the Lord. He did so, and the Lord said that if 
they were all agreed, they could go clear that evening. He 
said also that if they would ask, they should each have a 
testimony for himself They all received the testimony, and 
wanted to go that evening, but Lyman Wight. He said 
they might go if they chose; but he would not. All they 
could say did not change him; but he told them if they would 
wait until the next day, he would go with them. They did 
not think that the promise of the Lord was for that day and 
not for the next, so (hey agreed to wait. That nighttbejailer 
came in alone with their suppers, and left the doors wide open 
and they could have got out very easily; but they had promised 
Lyman Wight to wait. The next evening the jailer brought 
a double guard with him; six of the brethren also came in 
with them to see Joseph and his companions. The jailer 
seemed to be much frightened, and when he came in, he very 
carefully locked the door after bini. There did not seem to 
be much of a chance to get away; but they had agreed to go 
and they were determined to try. When the jailer started 
out, they started too. llyrum took hold of the door, and the 
rest followed. But they were not quick enough. The jailer 
and guards .succeeded in closing and locking the door. The 
brethren who had come to see them were all locked in but 
one. He caught two of the guards, one under each arm, and 
ran down stairs with them. When ho reached the ground. 



they got away from him, and he started to run; but put his 
foot in a hole and fell. This fall saved his life, for just then a 
bullet, shot by one of the guards, passed over his head. 

The attempt to e=cape created great excitement. The peo- 
ple of the town gathered around the jail, and proposed vari- 
ous plans for destroying Joseph and the brethren; but they 
were so divided that they could not agree upon anything. At 
this time of excitement some of the brethren spoke of their 
being in great danger. Joseph told them not to fear; not a 
hair of their heads should be hurt, and those who had come 
in to help them should not lose any of their things, not a 
bridle, saddle or blanket. He said they had offered their lives 
for himself and companions and the gospel, and the Lord 
acc3pted the offering. Joseph's words were fulfilled to the let- 
ter The brethren who came to visit and help them had 
their trial. Brother Erastus SnOw, who wasone of them, was 
counseled by Joseph to plead his own cause. He did so in 
such a forcible and eloquent manner that they discharged him. 
The lawyers were all anxious to know where he studied law. 
The other brethren were released on bail, and they did not 
lose a single thing they had brought with them, although their 
articles were in various parts of the town where they stopped. 

While Joseph and his fellow-prisoner^ where in Liberty jail, 
an attempt was made to poison them. It was supposed that 
the poison was mixed in their tea or coffee. The effecis were 
dreadful, and it was only by much faith and prayer that they 
escaped death.. For five days at one time they had flesh 
brought into their prison for them to eat, which the guards 
called "Mormon beef" Their stomachs turned against it. 
None of then could touch it,, but Lyman Wight. He was 
hungry, and ate some of it. It was human flesh. The 
monsters who had charge of the prison wanted to starve them 
into eating it. This was the nfinement of cruelty — none but 
the most wicked and abandoned of men could have thought of 
committing such deeds. 

We told you that in July, IS.'jS, before Joseph was taken 
prisoner, he and the brethren were desirous that the Lord 
would show unto them His will concerning the Twelve Apostles. 
Joseph inquired of the Lord. On the 8th of July he received 
the word of the Lord on the subject, One point in the revela- 
tion was, the Twelve were commanded to prepare to take 
their departure the next spring for Europe, to preacli the gos. 
pel. They were to take leave of His Saints on the 20th of 
April on the building spot of the Temple at Far West. How 
was this revelation to be fulfilled? The Saints had been com- 
pelled to leave the State. They dared not stay, for they were 
threatened vrith death if they did. The prophet Joseph was 
in prison, and President Brigham Young, who was then 
President of the Twelve Apostles, was in Quincy, Illinois. 
The most of the .Vpostles were also there. How could it, 
then, be fulfilled? The apostates and niobbers said it would 
surely fail. They declared that this revelation proved Joseph 
to be a false prophet. Let the Twelve come to Far West, said 
they, if they dare; if they do they will lio murdered. But 
(idd had ilis own plan for fullilliug His word. lie inspired 
His servant Brigham to take steps to conijily with the rc(iuire- 
ments of this revelation. Ho was determined to go to I'^ir 
West, and on the day appointed, start with his brethren from 
the building spot of the House of the Lord on their mission 
to Europe. INFany of the brethren in (^)uincy lliought that the 
Twelve ought not to try and fulfill the revclalinn. If they 
did, they thought they might bo killed. 'I'hcii ciicMiii's had 
driven them out and prevented them from doing as tlu^ Lord 
foniniandcd, and Ho would accept tiuMvill fur thedced. This 



O 



/ ' 



.tm. 



3 



"^^ S2 



JTJ^E12sriI_iE! imTSTZEe^TJOTOie. 




kind of reasoning did not "-atisfy President Brigham Toung 
and liis brethren. They started on the ISth of April, 1S39, 
from Quincy to go to Far West. Of the Twelve Apostle.s 
there were Brigham Young, Orsou Pratt, John Taylor, 
Wilford Woodruff and George A. Smith, the two la.st named 
were chos'^n to be Apostles but had not .yet been ordained. 
Alpheiis Cutler also accompanied them. On the 21st they 
met Johu E. Page, who was also one of the Twelve Apostle.?, 
and he returned with them. While they were going up to 
fulfill tins revelation, Joseph and his fellow-prisoners, were 
making the best of their way out of the State. 

The roads on which the Twelve traveled wore full of Saints, 
who were flaeing from ^fissouri to Illinois. They met Elder.s 
Elias Sujith, Theodore Turley and Hyrum Clark (of the covu- 
mittee, who were left at Far West to attend to the removal of 
the poor) on the 24th. They returned with them. Brother 
Heber 0. Kimball wm still in Mis^ouri. 11* had visited 
Richmond for the purpose of seeing Brother Parley. P. Pratt 
and the others who were in prison with him. The guard told 
him that they would blow his brains out if he attempted to go 
near them. Brother Parley P. Pratt sent Sister Phelps to 
warn Brother Kimball to leave immmediately. The mob were 
assembling, and had sworn to tar and feather him and ride 
him on a rail. They suspected th it he had helped Joseph 
and his fellow-prisoners to escape. He and Biother Shadrath 
Roundy were together, and they mouated their horses and 
rode towards Far West. This was the 2"jth day of April. 
Brother Kimball expected the Twelve to atrive there that 
day. 

Early on the morning of the 20th of April, 1 !^39, the Twelve 
arrived at F.ir West, an i were joined by Brother Kimball. 
They organize! a conference and cut off thirty-one persons 
from the Church. They then went to the building snot of 
the Lord's House. A part of a hymn on the mi.'sion of the 
Twelve was sung. Alpheus Cutler, the master workman of 
the House, then re-commenced laying the foundation of ths 
Lord's House, by rolling up a large stone near the south-east 
corner. After which Elders Brigham Youug, Heber C. Kim- 
ball, -son Pratt, John E. Page and John Taybr laid their 
hands on Wilford Woodruff and George A. Smith, and 
ordained them to fill the vacancies in the quoium of the 
Twelve Apostles. Darwin Chisc and Norman Shearer, who 
bad just been released from Richmond prison, were ordain id 
to tho oflfiL^e of Seventies. The Twelve then offered up prayer, 
each one in his order, and sang another hymn. This finished, 
they took leave of the Saints present, according to the revela- 
tion. They numbered eighteen. As they were leaving the 
town Theodore Turley knocked at the door of one of the 
apostates who lived there, and told him what had been dote. 
He could .scarcely believe his ."cnsos, and was spcechle.-s. 
The ajiostates and mobbcrs did not dream of su -h a thing as 
the Twelve fulfilling the revelation. 

( To he Confiniieil. ) 



i1j:b^:f' 



iFKyOTVC J^lSr IE 11.13113 R.'S 



BY JOHN MOUO.'iX. 




To enjoy life avoid all Iraftirgs i nd (XJifgoaiiii s. 1 sik- 
biting, abuse, and evil .'peaking, .'■lang phrases and oaths in 
conversation; depreciate no mans qnalitie.-i, and accept hos- 
pitalities of the humblest kind in a hearty and appreciative 
manner; avoid giving offense, and, if you do offend, have the 
manliness to apologize; infuse as much elegance as possible 
into your thoughts as well as your actions; and. as you avoid 
vulgarities, you will increase the enjoyment of life, and grow 
in the res| eet of others. 



THE mountain ranges of North Georgia and Alabama 
extend from the Tennessee river southward for a distance 
of about eighty miles, a series of "] oiatoe ridges" running 
south-west, west and north-east. At the southern base of 
Lavender jMountain there is a branch of the Saints. The 
homes of the members are principally in a cove of the 
mountain, or near its foot. The meeting liouse, where they 
assemble, is situated upon the bank of a beautiful mountain 
stream that goes bubbling over the rough rocks, and tumbling 
down minature cascades, fretting and worrying itself into a 
foam, apparently because it cannot travel faster. The church 
house is a hewn log building, with a capacious fire place, that, 
when filled with wood from the pineries by which the house 
is surrounded, furnish both heat and light for meeting 
purposes. The Saints gather in at early candle lighting, and 
seat themselves upon the rough planks and benches that have 
been hastily brought together for the purpose. 

Lot nie show you a scene, as it occurred here on one 
paitioular occasion. 

The house is crowded fidl, many of those present being 
members of the Church, while the majority of the crowd are 
friends and neighbors, who baye come in to hear the ''Mormon" 
Elder preach. 

After the hymn has been sung, the prayer offered up and 
still another hymn sung, the text is taken. The people give 
close attenlio.n, and the Elder goes on to show what the 
gos] e' is and how it was taken from the earth,' and 
again restored by the coming of a mighty angel from the 
heavens, with a messcge to all people upon the face of the 
whole earth. He shows them the necessity of repentance 
and baptism for the Teuii^.sina of their sins, also tho laying 
on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. He portrays 
the building up of the kingdom of God in the latter days — 
a kingdom that is to be univer.sal in its dominion, and whose 
king is to come from the heavens with power and authority to 
control the affair.s of the children of men. 

As he proceeds showing these things the audience give 
their whole attention, and apparently lose all though,: of 
surrounding circumstances. They become so enraptured 
with the new ideas that arc being presented to them that a 
pin can almost be heard to drop upon the floor, when "bang, 
bang, bang, bang!" go a lot ot guns. The boards that cover 
the crevices between the legs rattle, and we hear the heavy 
thud as the lead strikes the solid logs. The shots rattle 
alongside of and agains^t the weather boards, while the hurried 
tramp of feet on the outside tell us that our disturbers are 
fulfiding scrip(ure, in that they are fleeing ''when no man 
purnieth." For a moment only does the audience'show signs 
of uneasiness. One or two start to their feet, while a 
frightened word or two falls from thn lips of the most 
excitable. L'ucle Billy Manning, sitting directly in front, 
without ever turning his bead, or deigning to notice the 
alarm, speaks slowly and calmly: 

"Kecii quiet!' 

The tones of his v(. ice show that he is cool and collected 
as though at the table asking for polk greens, his favorite dish. 

A word from the Elder of assurance is offered, and the 
thread of the discourse is taken up, and continued to the close 
without any allusion to the incident. 




o 



J'TJ^IEISriXjE! IIETSTI^TJOTOI^. 



23 



After the meeting, we find some of the animals the brethrem 
rode to meeting missing; but the.? are soon recovered, and thus 
another attempt to stop our preaching fails, and in the end 
re-acts in our favor, ibr all fair minded men are foiced by it to 
defend us and condemn the opposition; and the "wrath of man 
is made to praise God" 






BY DANIEL TYLER. 




REPENTANCE. 

IN my last article 1 wrote a few things about faith; merely 
telling my readers what it was and soma of its effects. I 
hope they will read the lectures on faith in the fore part of 
the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, whore it is explained at 
greater length than I have space to write. 

The second gospel principle is repentance. There are many 
views among the religious denominations on this subject; but 
I can see but one sensible explanation of it; that is to 
first cease to do wrong, and then, if we have injured 
anybody, to do our best to make it ri^ht, and be sorry enough 
not to repeat the same wrong or any other, so far as our weak 
natures will allow us to refrain. 

It is not expectod that we will become perfect all at once. 
All good men except Jesus have done some wrongs, but it is 
expected of all Latter-day Saints that they will continually 
strive to do less evil and more good. This is the fruit of 
repentance. 

The Savior told Joseph Smith how he might know when 
people repented. Pie said they would confess their sins and 
forsake them. Now if we confess our sius or wrong doings, 
and do not forsake or quit them and strive to do better, that 
is an evidence that we have not repented. 

I have heard sectarian ministers preach that repentance 
was to be sorry for sin; but if that doctrine were true we might 
say that everybody had repented, for all are sorry at times 
for their wrong doing. But there is no repentance unless they 
reform their lives. In fact, I think the word reform fills the 
place of the word repent, and would be as applicable as rejent- 
ance. I think it means the same thing; and it makes no dif- 
ference whether it be applied to per.sons in or out of the Church. 

When John the Bjiptist preached the ' 'gospel of repent- 
ance" to the Jews, he told them to bring forth fruit meet for 
repentance. That was to show by their good works that they 
really had intended to reform, or do better than they had 
been doing. They came to him by thousands and asked 
baptism at his hands, while they continued their wicked 
practices; but he said to them, "0 generation of vipers, 
who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come? Bring 
forth therefore fruits meet for repentance: and think not to 
say within your.selves, we have Abraham to our father: for I 
say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up 
children unto Abraham." 

He meant by this that, although great promises had been 
made to the seed of that great and good man, they could 
obtain them only on conditions of faithfulness and obedience; 
and as they were like many professed religious people now-a. 
day.s — very wicked — they must do better or it was needless 
for them to think of being baptized. And John might just 
as well have said, "If you do not attend to these things I 
would just as soon baptize a serpent as you, for all the good 

would do you." 



LJ^. ICE BOlSritTE VZXjLE. 



BY' J. L. BARFOOT. 



THE valleys of Utah are singularly blessed as an abiding 
place for us as a people. They also present unusual attrac- 
tions for the scientific observer, as well as the tourist and 
observer of nature. 

Much iuformation has been given in the columns of the 
Instructor from time to time about the natural history cf 
this region, which, by the providences of God, we have been 
permitted to inhabit, and of which we cannot know too much. 

Of the condition of things when our people first arrived in 
1S47 we are in possession of authentij information. The 
site of our present beautiful city was then a wild, open country, 
covered with sage-brush and prairie weeds. 

We, who live to-day, have more time to devote to the 
earlier history of this place than those bad who first came 
here. They had to lay the foundation of this city under 
circumstances of great difficulty, and their observations and 
studies were necessarily how. to obtsiin food from the earth and 
to preserve it from the ravages of crickets. and grasshoppers. 

Since that time great discoveries have been made about the 
former condition of those valleys, by scientific men appointed 
by the government. Far this country was almost unknown 
before we took possession of it, and even now comparatively 
little is well known. 

But it is established beyonvl any doubt that the.?e valleys 
were at one time filled with water, and that the level beech 
lands, which, like terraces, are seen one above another at the 
mountain sides, were the shores of a great lake. This has 
bein considered probable by many, although some persons 
supposed this had formerly been an arm of the sea. 

Mr. G. 11. Gilbert, a profes.^ional geologist, has proved that 
a great f.is>il lake existed here, and he, with another gentleman, 
dejcribed all the boundaiies by means of these very water 
lines and other evidences equally reliable. A map of that 
ancient lake has been published, showing those localities that 
were formerly covered by water. These restored outlines mark 
the boundaries of Lake Bonneville, so named in honor of an 
early explorer of this region. And in Cache '\'alley, beyond 
th3 borders of Utah and in the Territory of Idaho, the old 
river bed, which was formerly the outlet for the lake waters, 
has been discovered. 

Among other reasons why it is known that the ancient lake 
was fresh water, may be mentioned the character of the 
de]iosits made from its wi'tors; for the sediment still remains, 
in which may be foupd indications of fresh water shells. The 
shells themselves have perished but the shape ot them may bo 
seen, asati\rendon, Wellsvilleand other places in Cache Valley. 

The light, white, porous variety ot rock used largely for 
building jiurposcs in our northern settlements is entirely com- 
posed ot sedimentary matter, lime, sand and detritus from 
the adjacent mountains, ^v^th casts of shells of fresh water, or 
land varieties. 

The reason why the ancient lake dried up, Professor fiilbert 
considers as caused by changes of climate. To use his words: 
"As the climato became gradually warmer and drier, the 
evaporation grew greater and the rainfall grew less, until, 
finally, the overflow ceased, and thr lake began to dry away 
and shrink within its shores. To-da,y we have only Great Salt 
Lake, Lake Utah and Lake Sevier remaining; but high up on 
the mountain is carved the Bonuevillo beach, a prominent 
record of the old flood tide." 





^b 



24 



J-U^E3SriLE IITSTI5.TJOTOI?. 



THIE IK.OISr I?>03D. 



"Words by Jos. L. Townsend. 



Music by William Clayson. 




!:3::i*zi=*=:*-*=*r:*-bzp=i*-Ez^z:*-f=g-t-c2 



CHORUS. Bold and energetic. 

_A *» fl5_^_S • 



-» — |- 
:t«-t 



■^__,B^ ^V 



in the ho-Iy word sublime, Was shown an iron 

l^E»=E»E»E?.E=^E£^E»EE£^^EEE**=tz^=BE3E^.^£E^- 



rod. Hold to the rod, the 

e-^^»-»^m- 



rfz: 




stron? and bright and true; The 



:(=:: 






ir-on 

--J 



rod is the 



word of 



»— ** — ta-^ — '— ^ — "1 — ^- 



p- 

^- 

-« — -j- 



rod, 'Tis 
:52= 



:t: 



J A^e-—f:-^^- 






:t= 
:p- 



Gnd, 'Twill safely guide us 



i 
through. 



1 M 



-_I^ ^—0 , S--^ 






While on our journey here below, 
Beneath temptation's power, 

Through mists of darkness we must go, 
In peril every hour. 

And when temptation's power is nigh, 

Our pathway clouded o'er, 
Upon the rod we can rely 

And heaven's aid implore. 



And, hand o'er hand, the rod along, 

Through each succeeding day, 
With earnest prayer and hopeful song. 
We'll still jnirsue our way. 

Afar we see the golden rest 

To whic'i the rod will guide, 
"Where, with the angels, bright and blest, 

Forever we'll abide. 



sok.h=ttji?.j^Xj Eisria-iM:^. 



Where did men bury the bones of the king, who was slain with 

his sons by the sword? 
"Where, when the famine m Canaan prevailed, were plentiful 

harvests well stored? 
Where did the Israelites gather to mourn for their prophet and 

judge when he died'' 
Where was the patriarch's earliest home, whose faith in the 

promise was tried? 
Where did Elijah the prophet find bread, when the fi^mine in 

Israel was great? 
Where did the ark rest in solitude drear, ttll the flood from the 

earth should abate? 
Where did St. Paul cure the impotent man, perceiving his faith 

to be healed? 
Where were two armies for battle arrayed, when David drew 

nigh to the field? 
Where, when the Ziphites betrayed him to Saul, was he with 

his comrades concealed? 

These places arrange; the first letters unite; 
And famous in story, of men the delight, 

The name of a city appears; 
"Whose ruin was sad, as its glory was great, 
And Jesus, fortelling its terrible fate, 

Mourn'd over it even with tears. 



Music Cards, ETC.^The Music Cards, Class Registers, 
"Articles of Faith, " and other publications of the Deseret 
Sunday School Union will hereafter be kept for sale at the 
Juvenile Instructor Office. Sunday School Superintend- 
ents and others wishing to obtain them will please send their 
orders to or call at this Office for them. 



Bound Volumes. — Back Volumes ot the Juvenile 
Instructor, in book form, also for sale at this Office. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE first AND FfFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



OEORO£ Q. CANNON. ------ EDITOR. 








Good resolutions are of no value unless crystalized into 
action. 



TERMS IX ADVANCE. 
Single Copy J p^ Annum - -^- ^2,00.' 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County, 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^^-Office, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 




