
VOL. XVII 



SALT LAKE CITY, APlilL 1, 18S2. 



NO. 



mounI'ains of the moon. 




IN the aecompanyiDg engraving a scene in the Mountains of 
the Moon, otherwise called Blue Mountains, Jebel-Kumrah 
or Jebel-el-Kamar, is illustrated. This being a very exten- 
sive mountain range, or chain, and not an isolated mountain. 
I shall here ofi'er some explanation of what is usually meant 
by such expression. The general arrangement of mountains 
is in chains and ridges, a ridge being only a chain on a smaller 
scale: therefore that class 
of elevated lands which is 
so distributed as to form a 
kind of zone or band, the 
breadth often bearing but 
little proportion to the 
length, and elevations which 
are very unequal in bight 
at different points, consti- 
tute what is generelly un- 
derstood by a mountain 
chain. You must not, 
however, think that such a 
mountain range is a contin- 
uous and definite one, 
answering to the appear- 
ance of a street in which 
the buildings, though di- 
versified, are attached, for 
it is often a .series of parts, 
in many cases consisting of 
elevations, sometimes iso- 
lated and sometimes con- 
nected with endless branch- 
es and offsets, irregularly 
diffused over nearly the 
whole system. 

This is true, so far as 
known, of the mountain 
system of Africa, where 
that of my subject is situ- 
ated. Smaller chains often 
branch off from the prin- 
cipal ridge, as the Cam- 
eroons IMountains from the 
.Mountains of the Moon 



iSyg., 




The highest suaimits of a great mountain sy.stem ar^ 
usually about the middle, and the most elevated points of a 
branch from the main ridge are at the junction of the parent 
stem and the branching chain. 

The Mountains of the Moon are a great mountain chain in 
Africa. They are but little known to Americans and Euro- 
peans, and consequently little in detail can be said regarding 

them. They are generally 
described as an extensive 
mountain system, com- 
mencing at Kissi-Kissi, 
some two hundred miles 
south-east of Sierra Leone, 
and about nine degrees 
north of the equator, and 
running- in a south-eastern 
direction to a point about 
twenty-six degrees, east 
longitude from txreenwich, 
trom which jioiut they turn 
suddenly to the north-east, 
and are supposed to cross 
the entire continent of 
Africa to Cajie Guardafui, 
a distance of four thousand 
miles from Kissi-Ki,ssi, the 
place of beginning. 

The hight of this moun- 
tain system in the eastern 
p.nt of the range, accord- 
ing to some authors, is 
estimated at about twenty- 
five thousand feet above 
the evel of tlie sea, and in 
Guinea the chain is called 
the Kong Mountains, and 
their hight is said not to 
exceed three thousand feet. 
The last nanunl niourjtaius 
consist of granite, marble 
and ironstone; but, how- 
ever, very little is known 
even of tlicni, although 







-^^^v^jH 



J-Cr^El^ILE IIN'Sa? RTJOTOI^. 



they are situated uot far iu the interior of the conti- 
nent. 

A number of teams ma}' be noticed in the engraving — 
probably a caravan — long, grassy weeds and luxuriant trees, 
all of which are characteristic of the country in which the scene 
is laid. 

Speaking of bleak, barren and naked-topped mountains (as 
some, most likely, have no better conceptions of such emi- 
nences) might be considered a very dry subject, but when 
properly regarded, the loftier elevations on the earth's surface 
cannot fail to arrest the eye, interest the mind and fill it with 
awe and admiration. Indeed, as one said, ' 'They are speci- 
mens of the fine arts of nature, the gems of continents, 
wonderful examples of the diverse forms by which the ideas 
of beauty, majesty and power may be expressed." 

Situated as we are in the midst of the Rocky Mountains, 
even if we do not appreciate the grandeur and beauty of 
mountains, we ought to be competent to judge of their worth, 
on account of the vast mineral wealth dug from them, and 
also their snow deposits, by means of which we are enabled 
to irrigate our fields and gardens during the summer sea- 
sou. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



{Continued from page 82). 



ALMOST every hour now brought news to Nauvoo of fresh 
and cruel depredations by the lawless and blood-thirsty 
mob in the suffering districts. The postmasters of Warsaw, 
and Carthage and the treasurer and assessor of Hancock County 
living at Carthage, were driven from their homes by force of 
arms, the fist having but half a minute's-time allowed him to 
prjparcto leave. These men were not members of the Churiih, 
but the rioters were displeased with them because they wer^ 
opposed to the mobocratic spirit. They were men of good 
character, and had, up to the time of the persecutions been 
generally respected by all classes. A spirit of de-jparation and 
frenzy seemed to have taken possession of a great portion ol 
the people known as anti-Mormons, and they would scarcely 
hesitate at committing any act of outrage, to wreak vengeance 
on the Latter-day Saints and effect their wiclccd ends. That 
the deeds they were cooiinitting were unlawful, they well knew, 
and hence they tried to elude detection in most instances, 
(tonerally, when engaged in house-burning, they kept hors"s 
stationed close at hand, on which they could make their escape 
if necessary. 

When Sheriff Backenstos had seen his family safely started 
fur Nauvoo, he and his small force of men proceeded towards 
Warsaw, but, learning on the road that the mob were engaged 
in burning houses at a place known asBear Creek, they directed 
their course towards where they saw the smoke arising. On 
neiring the scene of burning, the Sheriflf"s party divided, and 
attempted to surround the men engaged in the work of de- 
stnietion, but in doing so they were discovered by the latter, 
who made off as fast as their horses could carry them. The 
sheriff gave his men orders to pursue and arrest them if possible, 
and if they would not submit to arrest, to fire upon them. His 
orders were obeyed, and the result was, that two of the fleeing 
party were killed and others thought to be wounded. 



This was, as stated in a proclamation by the sheriff of the 
County, the first effort at open resistance to mob violence in 
that .section. It now became apparent that a united effort 
must be made by the peaceable citizens at quelling those who 
seemed so determined on the destruction of life and property. 
The mob were reported in large bodies iu different parts, and 
very threatening. 

The Sheriff raised a company of two hundred men and again 
set out for the south-western part of the County, which had, 
up to this time, suffered most heavily from mob violence. 
When out about six miles from Nauvoo he sent back to that 
place for a heavy reinforcement of men and two cannon, and 
stated that he wishe'd to attack the mob in their strongholds 
and prevent their crossing the river by stationing men at the 
crossings. President Young immediately wrote to him, remon- 
strating against the cour.se he was about to pursue, and advised 
him not to attempt to prevent them from crossing the river, 
nor hem them in there and compel them to fight, as it would 
doubtless result in much blood.shed, but instead, to allow them 
to cro.ss the river to Missouri if they wished to, and then, by 
placing men at the passes of the river, prevent their return. 
Several small parties were sent from Nauvoo to different 
parts of the County to protect isolated places, and in the mean- 
time an answer from the sheriff was awaited. All public work 
in Nauvoo was now suspended, except the building of the 
Temple, which President Young was determined .should not 
cease, even though, as he stated, the workmen should find it 
necessary to carry the sword in one hand while they worked 
with the other. It had been decided that a cannon should be 
fired in Nauvoo, as a signal for the assembling of the citizens 
in ease of emergency, and all possible preparations were made 
by the people for the protection of themselves and their friends 
in the surrounding districts. Pre.sident Young instructed them 
in their duties, and urged them not to molest the property of 
the mobbers, in case they should run away and leave their 
homes. 

At the time when the call for reinforcements was received 
from the sheriff, the signal gun was fired, and the citizens of 
Nauvoo assembled on the square, carrying such fire-arms vfi 
they happened to have in their possession, and expecting to 
have to march and meet the enemy. They were reduced in 
strength by sickness and the hardships they had undergone^ 
and were not in a fit condition for such service, so it was 
decided that they should remain where they were until further 
orders were received. 

The next news from the sheriff was to the effect that he had 
concluded to act upon the advice of President Young, and save 
the shedding of blood, if possible. ITe had learned that about 
eiirht hundred of the mob had fortified themselves in the 
vicinity of Warsaw, near the Mississiprii river, who were well 
armed and had one piece of artillery. He now wanted four bun. 
dred armed men to be sent out in wagons, to assist him. In his 
letter to Pre.sident Young he asked him to pray that the bless, 
ing of heaven might rest upon him and his men in their 
camiiaign, that their enemies might not fall upon them in 
ambuscade. Mr.Baekcnstos was not amcmber ofthc Cliurch, 
but it was evident from this, that he was not without faith in 
President Young's favor with the Lord. 

The four hundred men called for were sent. The sheriff 
marcheil a part of them to ('arthage and ordered them to sur- 
round the town, that he might arrest a number of men against 
whom he had writs, for beitig engaged in the housc-burnins.'- 
On searching the town, he found that all for whom he held 
writs had fled except one. The sheriff then addressed a com- 



%\ 



S^^ 



m 




"*<S7i 



CTTJ^EIIN'ILE IISrSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



99 



:^ 



munication to the mob assembled in the south-western portion 
of the County, commanded by Col. Levi Williams, in which he 
reminded them of the crimes they had committed, called upon 
them to cease their mobbing and burning and deliver them- 
selves up into his hands, to be dealt with according to law. He 
also demanded of them the public arms in their possession, 
and stated that he would await a reply, which, if they failed 
to send, their silence would be considered as a refusal, and 
they must suffer the consequences. 

[To he Continued.) 



RELIGIOUS LIBERTY 



BY W. J. 




THE fires of intolerance burnt fiercely! The cruel hand of 
persecution fell mercilessly upon the devoted heads of the 
Puritan fathers ! They sighed for and soi^^ht a sacred spot 
where freedom dwelt! A new- found western world was pre- 
sented to their anxious gaze! "Oh God! Is this the long- 
sought paradise of bliss— our souls desire — the land of liberty 
— where we can serve our God as He requires? 

The land was found; the tree of liberty was planted; God 
helped the cause of right — for He had an eye to future pur- 
poses. The wheels of time revolved. Oppression's hand across 
the ocean stretched, and — "Give me liberty, or give me 
death!" became the oppressed one's battle-cry. 
"They left the plowshear in the mould, 
The flocks and herds without a fold, 
The sickles in the unshorn grain, 
The corn half garnered on the plain." 
And "pledging to each other their live.-;, their fortunes, and 
their sacred honor," they girded on the sword, and stepped 
into the arena with this declaration — 

"We will fight till the triumph is won. 
Till the States form the realm of the Union, 
As the stars form the realm of the sun." 
Again Jehovah helped the cause of right! Oppressors 
were vanquished. Liberty was e.-tablished. An inspired Con- 
stitution was given. Inspired amendments thereto were pro- 
posed, and adopted in 1791; and the first commences thus: — 
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of 
religion, or prohibiting the //ec exercise thereof" The flag of 
liberty was then unfurled to the wide, wide world. 
"Come, ye Christian sects, and pagan, 

Pope, and Protestant, and Priest; 
Worshipers of God or Dagon. 

Come ye to fair freedom's feast. 
Come, ye sons of doubt and wonder, 

Indian, Moslem, Greek, or Jew; 
All your shackles burst asunder — 
Freedom's banner waves for you." 
Waves for whom'.' It waves for all the world! Since 
then, but nine-tenths of a century have rolled into the past 
and now what do we hear in this land of religious liherty — 
this asylum for the religiously persecuted of every earthly 
zone'? We hear that the sons of the honored sires, who 
fought and bled, who suifered and died, to establish civil and 
religious liberty, arc putting forth strenuous efforts to destroy 
the noble work of their honored fathers. Men whO' have 
sworn to uphold and .sustain the Constitution are violating 
their oaths. (Jongre.ss is an inquisitioTi, JEonorable niembera 
thereof arc manufacturing the pillory, the gibbet, the rack, 



the stake, the patent thumbscrews, and sundries. The Con- 
stitutional and God-like privilege of the "/;-ep exercise" of 
religion is disallowed. Nay, if a man confess only an abstract 
faith in some of the doctrines of the Bible, official decapita- 
tion, or disfranchisement, or both, must follow. 

Ye invited worshipers of "God or Dagon," what think 
you of the asylum ye have come to? 

Hireling priests are exciting their flocks and urging their 
representatives in Congress, and the devil is pushing the 
priests; and what a state of things would soon exist if the 
devil and priests had their way. Ere long the priests would 
cease to tolerate each other, their flocks would be tired of 
them, their master would be ashamed of them, and the Lord 
would leave them to themselves to wallow in the pandemo- 
nium of their own creating. 

Party spirit is rampant. The prophetic admonitions of the 
"Father of his Country," given in his "Farewell Address," 
and when closely approaching the shores of the other world, 
are disregarded. Read them: "I have already intimated 
to you the danger of parties in the state, with particular refer- 
ence to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. 
Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and warn you 
m the mo^t solemn manner against the baneful effects of the 
spirit of party, generally. This spirit unfortunately, is insepar- 
able from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions 
of the human mind. [t exists under different shapes in all 
governments, more or less stifled, controlled, or repres.sed ; but 
in those of the popular form, it is seen in its greatest rank- 
ness, and it is truly their worst enern;/. The alternate 
domination of one faction over another, sharpened by ihe 
spirit of revenge, natural to party dissension, which in dif- 
ferent ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid 
enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at 
length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The dis- 
orders and miseries which result, gradually incline the minds 
of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of 
an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevail- 
ing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, 
turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation, 
on the /'((//(.s of public li/ierty." 

His solicitude for the preservation of the government and 
the Constitution'prompted the following: — "Towards the^pre- 
servation of the government, and the permanency of your 
happy state, it"is requisite, not only that you steadily dis- 
countenance irregular opposition to its acknowledged author- 
ity, but also'that'you resist with care the spirit of innovation 
upon its principles, houyver specious the piretexts. One method 
of assault may be to eft'ect in the forms of the Constitution 
alterations which will impair the energy of the sj'stem, and 
thus to undermine what cannot be directly overthrown;" and 
he earnestly urged "that the free Constitution, which is the 
work of your own hands, may he sacredly maintained." 

This "farewell address" of President Washington should 
have been adopted as soon as it was received, as supplemental 
to the Constitution, and of equal force with it; for what better 
adTicc can an individual or nation have than that of a wise, 
kind; experienced, and loving father, relative to the carrying 
out of correct principles embodied in the forms of law? Had 
this been done, and the advice been acted upon, how differ- 
ent some portions of the history of the United States would 
read. And if that advice were observed to-day, how different 
present history would read to future generations. 

In this connection, read the warning of that eminent states- 
man, Daniel Webster, given in an address delivered before 






.a£^^ 



S-(9l 



lOO 



TJVSi3^T.I_iE3 IIsrSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



the Historical Society, New York, February, 23rd, 1S.')2, 
about eight months before his death: "But if we and our 
posterity reject religious instruction and authority, violate the 
rules of eternal justice, trifle with the injunctions of morality, 
aiij recJcIcssli/ (7f.s?;w/ thr poUttcal constifutinn wlu'cJi JtoIJs i(S 
together, no man can tell how sudden a catastrophe may over- 
whelm us; that shall bury all our glory in jirofound obscurity. 
Should that catastrojihe happen, let it have no history! L t 
the horrible narrati\'e never be written! Let its fate be like 
the lost books of Livy, which no human eye shall ever read; 
or the missing pleiad, of which no man can ever know more, 
than that it is lost, and lost forever." 

The time was when this nation respected the Constitution 
and individual rights, Martin Koszta is a case in point. In 
1S4'J, he was leader in a Hungarian revolt against Austria, 
and fled to Turkey. Austria demanded him as a traitor. Tur- 
key refused to give him up, hut sent him. by his choice, an 
exile to this country, where he took first papers of citizenship, 
and, before naturalization, returned to Turkey in 18.34, and 
landing at Smyrna with a passport from the American consul. 
The Austrian consul induced bandits to throw him into the bay. 
A waiting boat picked him up and put him on board an Aus- 
trian frigate. American oflicials demanded him; he was not 
given up, and Captain Ingraham, of the American sloop, 
>S'^ Zoi/«, loaded his guns, and was about to commence a 
naval engagement, when it was agreed by both parties that 
Koszta should be handed over to the French government until 
his nationality was decided. This matter of natiouality was 
given over for discussion to the Austrian Minister, at Wash- 
ington, Baron Hulsman, and the .\morican Secretary of State, 
^Villlam L. Marcey. who labored hard for their man, and Mr. 
Marcy got him. Here wns a question of human rights — the 
rights and protection of a foreign outlaw who had become, 
pnrtinJJy only, a citizen of this great Republic. Mr. Marcy 
put forth his very best efi"orts in his behalf, and Captain 
Ingraham would have involved his country in a bloody war 
with one of the five great powers of Europe to secure him, 
had not the afi'air been otherwise arranged. That's right. 
Protect citizens of the United States in their "inalienable 
rights." But why not do it to-day? AVhy violate oath of 
office and the sacred provision of a God-given Constitution, to 
rob good citizens, naturalized and native-born, and some of 
them honorable descendants of the revolutionarj' sires, who 
fought and bled fiir the rights and liberties now denied to 
their children ? Why rob them of rights, privileges and 
liberties dearer to them than life itself? 

A popular American historian, J. C. Ridjiath, "declares 
toleration in the broadest and most glorious sen.^'e, necessary 
III till' ji>rjirt<iit!i nt Amirlaiii h'licrtifs." Says he, "In the 
colonial times intolerance embittered the lives of our fathers. " 
"The right of free thought, free inrpiiry, and free speech, is 
as clear as the noonday, and bounteous as the air and ocean. 
Without a full and cheerful recognition of this right, America 
is only a name, her glory a dream, her institutions a mock- 
ery." And he asks this (juestion: "Is Lord Byron's gloomy 
picture of the rise and fall of nations indeed a true portrayal 
of the order of the world? 

'Here is ihe moral of all human talc.", — 
,Tisbut the same rehearsal nf llie past. 

First rreedom and then glory — when that fails, 
Wealth, vice, corruption, tmrharistn at lust; 

And history with her volumes vast, 
Hath but utti^ page!'" 
If a nation would prosper it must be just. But justice may 
not be expected of a nation which is largely influenced by 



prejudice, intolerance, and party spirit. If it would be just 
it must discard the.se, and seek to know and do the will of 
Him who sets up and pulls down nations at pleasure— "He 
can create and He destroy"— then it would not be liable 
to fall upon the "stone" and be broken to pieces. 

Repent, my country, and be wise; 

Thy sins have reached unto the skies; 

The Gods in sorrow weep and mourn, 

That thou must soon be overthrown. 
Since writing the foregoing I hear that the Edmunds 
bill has passed, and has received executive approval. What 
then? We cannot relinquish our religion, nor any principle 
thereof AYe cannot do this for the office of President of the 
United States, nor for all the wealth the <:overnment jiosesses, 
nor for all the private wealth of the United States, nor for all 
these combined. The hone.st Elder in Israel has more genu- 
ine authority than the mightiest of earth's rulers; and, if he 
shall continue faithful, he will possess it and more when they 
will be as destitute of it as they would now like to mak,e him. 
And he has and will have in his possession the riches of eter- 
nity, compared with which the wealth of this world is noth- 
ing. God's kingdom is established. No power can uproot 
it. Puny man may as well try with his feeble breath to extin- 
guish the brilliancy and splendor of the orb of day, when 
shining in all his summer, noon-day glory, as to attempt it. 
When its enemies can dethrone Jehovah, and take the reins 
of government out of the hands of the Gods on high, they 
may have some ground for hope; till then they have none — 
none. Therefore, with the most confident trust in the manage- 
ment of our Heavenly Father, humbly acknowledging His 
hand, and feeling willing to do His will, we leave the matter 
in His hands, rejoicing that — "Zion prospers: all is well!" 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



{Confinuril /rum jmr/e 8.5). 

0\ the arrival of this apostate in Zion, he became di.s- 
sati'ified and then joined the Morrisites, who were at 
that time in the bight of their glory. After the dis.solution 
of this sect, he gradually worked his way back to the country 
around and in Missouri, where he finally accepted the teach- 
ings of the Josephites, and was .sent by them to his mother 
country, where he is now engaged in proclaiming that religion 
false which he formerly asserted that he hneic to be true. He 
meets with very little success, however, as those persons who 
reflect upon such matters and always look beneath the sur- 
face, easily discover the false doctrines of which he is a 
defender, 

A few week.s after my return to Bern from England, two 
other brethren arrived from Utah, one of whom had been 
appointed to occupy my position in the office of the mission, 
in order that I could devote my time exclusively to the 
preaching of the gospel. This arrangement pleased me very 
much, for although I was perfectly willing and quite haiipy to 
labor in any position desired by my brethren, still 1 was also 
anxious to travel and bear my humble te.stimony to the dif- 
ferent people with whom I would come in contact, hoping 
thereby to gain experience, and perhaps be the means o' 




bringing some honest souls to a knowledge of the truth, with 
the assistance of the Lord. 

I was appointed to labor in the North German Conference, 
which had not been visited by an Elder from Zion for a con- 
siderable length of time, owing to the fact that the laws of 
Germany forbid our brethren to meet and converse with the 
Saints in the capacity of a religious service. This is the 
religious freedom of which the governmental officers and some 
of the people so often boast. 

Although I was happy to have the privilege of laboring in 
the ministry, still I felt my great weakness in being sent out 
alone among strangers. 1 also felt loth to leave the brethren 
and Saints with whom I had been so intimately associated 
during upwards of a year. .The Lord, however, gave me 
strength to overcome my natural feelings and taught me to 
place implicit confidence in Him, so that when the day of my 
departure for my new field of labor arrived, I hailed the same 
with pleasure and entered upon the performance of my duties 
with a joyful heart. 

On the way to my newly-allotted district, I remained several 
days in Stuttgart, where the time was spent pleasantly and 
profitably among the Saints and strangers in the company of 
two Elders from Zion. I found considerable change in this 
branch since my last visit. Some of the former members had 
become "weary in well-doing" and had therefore fallen by the 
wayside ; other persons had been added to the little flock, 
and they, together with some few of the older members, were 
endeavoring to progress in the "work of perfection ;" and 
still others were doing their utmost to destroy the work of 
God, which had taken root in this city. Among the latter 
class of persons may be numbered the various religious sects 
of the day, together with their teachers, who, realizing the 
weakness of their own doctrines, endeavor to overcome that 
which exposes their falsity to the eyes of the people. 

Scarcely a week passed but what some of the religious 
periodicals of the city contained a so-called "exposure" of 
"Mormonism," which was generally nothing more nor less 
than abominable falsehoods. Such articles, however, were 
also beneficial to the work of God. They not only pre. 
vented such persons from joining the Church as were seek- 
ing worldly honors alone, but they also helped to make the 
doctrine more widely known, and thus caused many honest 
persons to inquire after the truth who would otherwise 
have remained in ignorance. Thus the Lord uses the wicked 
to bring about His wise purposes and to assist in the accom- 
plishment of all He has designed. 

After leaving Stuttgart, I proceeded alone to Nurnberg, 
where I was delighted to find a thriving branch of the Church, 
numbering nearly one hundred persons, all of whom were 
anxious to become acquainted more intimately with the 
principles of everlasting life. Thc^e people were really 
hungry and thirsty for the truth, and in our assemblies we 
enjoyed the teachings of the Holy .Spirit in rich abundance. 

Until after [the time of my arrival in this latter city, the 
meetings had been held publicly, without any objection hav- 
ing been made thereto by the police authorities ; but the devil 
was al.so determined to have matters brought to a stand-still 
in tliii place, if possible. He therefore aroused some of his 
servants in the city to send some policemen and see what the 
"Mormons" were trying to do. 

One day, while I was out visiting some of the Saints, three 
of the.se emi8.saric8 of the law, together with a farmer and his 
large dog, came to the home of the president of the branch, 
where I was stopping, and desired to see me, they supposing 



•^9^,. 



that I was a socialist and was laboring in the interest of that 
party. Upon hearing that I was absent, they searched the 
bouse, hoping to find some papers which would condemn me. 
They were, however, unsuccessful, as religious books and 
pamphlets were the only articles I was guilty of distributing. 
After satisfying themselves as to the condition of aflfairs, these 
officers of the law left, remarking that they were glad their 
suspicions proved to be unfounded. 

We now had hopes that we would be left in peace to pur- 
sue the even tenor of our way, and worship God according to 
the dictates of our own conscience ; but in this we were also 
disappointed, as only a few days elapsed before the president 
of the branch was summoned to appear at the office of the 
circuit judge and answer the charge of having organized a 
branch of the "Mormon" Church in and around Nurn- 
berg. 

On the day appointed, this brother announced himself at 
the stated place, and then had to undergo an examination, 
which lasted upwards of one hour, in which he was questioned 
concerning the origin of the work in this part of Germany, 
and also concerning the principles which are taught and 
practiced. The judge, however, was very well posted on 
affairs pertaining to the branch and mission; and it was very 
evident from the remarks he made that either he himself or 
some of his subordinates had read the letters which had 
passed between the president of the mission in Bern and the 
branch in this city. 

It may be as well to remark here that any letter of which 
the post office officials in this country are suspicious, is 
immediately opened and read before it is forwarded to its 
destination, and therefore anything which is written in a let- 
ter is no longer a secret. The persons engaged in this business 
have attained such a degree of perfection that they can open 
and close letters and packages, without anyone being able to 
detect it. Even sealing wax can be skillfully removed and 
replaced with the aid of a heated knife. T would scarcely 
have believed that such things were done had I not been 
informed of them by a person who is intimately acquainted 
with post office affairs, and the talk of the judge confirmed 
the truth of that which was told me. 

But to return to my subject. After the judge had finished 
his questioning, he remarked : "Ah, the ^Mormons! that is a 
sly sect I" He was, however, of the opinion that force would 
overcome slyness, and he therefore forbid us to hold meetings 
in the future under penalty of a tine ami imprisonment. 

The definition which this official gave for the freedom of 
religion in this country was, that each family was permitted 
to believe on what it desired, but no two families dare meet 
together in a private residence to mutually strengthen or 
instruct one another in any doctrine, because the churches of 
the day were all-sufficient for such purpo.ses. Tt is really a 
disgrace to the name to call such a state of affairs "freedom 
of religion." 

Upon hearing this decision of the circuit judge in regard to 
our meetings, the Saints felt quite dowcast, but they one and 
all detenuincd to ho'd fast to that which God had given them 
and endeavor to obtain more knowledge and wisdom, notwith- 
standing the plots and designs of wicked men. And if if 
should hajipen that one or more woidd be imprisoned or 
punished for our faith, all seemed willing to undergo the 
trial. 

In order to do good without acting unwisely, wo ileemed it 
best to discontinue! our open meetings, to divide the branch 
in several districts an<l to meet on evenings during the week 





102 



CTTJ^EI^IIjE I3^STIS.TJCT0I?.. 




at the homes of the Saints, inviting only such persons to our 
assemblies who as earnestly seeking after truth. 

This plan proved successful, for we not only enjoyed a rich 
portion of the good Spirit ourselves, but we also had the 
pleasure of seeing the branch rapidly increase in numbers, 
and we could easily see that the Lord had overruled the wicked 
designs ot the adversary for the good of His work. 
{To he Continued.) 



DEMONSTRATE THE GOSPEL. 



By M. F. COWLEY. 



THE majority of the people in this city (St. Louis) arc 
indifferent to the message that we are sent to deliver, 
and many of those who make professions of religion are 
lulled to sleep in the idea that religion is something that 
requires little action, further than a profession and attendance 
at their churches on Sundays. When, in convcr-ation with men 
of considerable natural intelligence and ability in various 
ways, we inform them that to find the church of Christ, to 
be consistent with their p/rofessions, they should find one con- 
forming to the description of the church given in the Holy 
Bible, they tell us that religion cannot be demonstrated like 
sciences generally, say for instance as a problem in mathe- 
matics ; but we aie informed by revelation given to the for- 
mer and Latter-day Saints that the propositions made in the 
gospel can be proven as plainly as anything else, simply by 
complying with the conditions upon which certain promises 
and blessings are predicated. This fact is beautifully expressed 
in the language of tlic Savior, and recorded iu St. .Tnhn, vii. 
IT., as follows; "If any man will do His will, he .*hall know 
of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether T speak ot 
myself" 

This propcsition is just as plain as the one in geonio(ry 
which says: "The three angles of a triangle are together 
ei(ual to two right angles.'" Xow by applying the rules laid 
down for the .solution of this proposition, we can easily 
determine whether it is correct or not, while if would be 
inconsistent and unreasonable for anj'one to condemn the 
proV>lem without a test. 

For one, among many otlier young men of Israel, I have 
demonstrated a few of the fundmiontal jirineiples of the 
gospel, and can testify in truth that they never fail to pro- 
duce lh° results promised on conditions of applying the 
principles to our lives and actions. For instance, when a 
j'oune Elder is set apart under the hands of the Apo-tles 
to be a messenger of truth to the inhabitant.s of the earth, 
and certain definite, unmistakable promises are made upon 
his head, and |)rediclions uttered relative to events that shall 
transpire connected with his future labors, ami in fulfillment 
of these predictions lie sees them verified to the very letter, 
just 9s plain as though they had been written after ihcy came 
to pass, what room is there lo doubt regardthg the prophecies 
of the Apostles? None whatever. When the predictions 
%»ere uttered, the recipient of the prorai.sos had faith in the 
words of the Prophets, but when he saw then: verified 
beyond the pos.sibility of a doubt, hi.s faith developed into 
knowledge, and he knew for himself. 

Receiving such certain evidences as this, the faith of the 
individual develops, growing stronger and .stronger, and thus 



enabling him to demonstrate all the principles which God 
reveals to the human family. It is well illustrated in the 
ease of Enoch, who, by applying faith, and complying with 
the rules and principles of the science of theology, advanced 
to .such a high pinnacle of attainment that he was taken with 
his city to another portion of space, where possibly he could 
ojierate in a broader and higher sphere of action. 

Again, it was illustrated in the case of Elijah, who was trans- 
lated from this planet in a chariot of fire, without tasting 
death. And without enumerating the many instances con- 
nected with the great advancement in the acquisition of a 
knowledge of true science made by the ancient prophets of 
Gjd, we come to our own tijne, and behold the young man 
Joseph Smith, who. when but a farmer's boy, demonstrated 
the proposition made by the Apostle James, i. .5-7 : "If any 
of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God. that giveth to all 
men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. 
But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that 
wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and 
tossed. For let not that man think that he shall receive any 
thing of the Lord." In asking for wisdom, in faith, not 
doubting, the Prophet Joseph Smith was fiivored with a 
visit of the eternal Father, accompanied by His Son Jesus 
Christ, who unfolded to the young man in one short lesson of 
probably only a few minutes duration, more knowledge and 
information on the most vital subjects than the most intelli- 
gent (according to the intelligence of the world) men had 
received for at least some fourteen hundred years, according 
to the accounts we have. From this he advanced step by 
step in the science of theolosy, until he was prepared to 
enter a department of action beyond the vail, which he did 
after sealing his testimony with his blood. 

The principle of repentance, which is very little understood 
ill the world, is one that can also be easily demonstrated, for 
obedience to principles will always produce certain results. 
If the principles are true, the results will be productive of 
great good, and if incorrect, the effact will be evil. 

Paul said, in calling upon the Ephesians to repent: "Where- 
fore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his 
neighbor. * * * Ljt him that stole steal no more. * * * 
Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth. 
* ■* * Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and 
clamor, and evil speaking, be put awfiy from you, with all 
malice." Now we learn from this, that true repentance con- 
sists in turning away from all evil with a determination to 
live aright. And so broad is its application that it will cover 
all people: the high, the low, the rich and the poor, in all 
phages and circumstances of life. It requires a person to 
lay aside those identical feelings to which each individual is 
subject, whether male or female; it applies to all 
who have arrived at the years .if accountaiiility and 
are re-iponsiblc beings. 

Now when we gaze at the so-called Christian world, we 
discover at a glance that the evils enumerated by I'aul in his 
writings, and many more, now prevail to an alarming extent in 
the reliirious world. In fact, the apostle portrayed it so plainly 
in his epistle to Timothy as to describe many of these evils as fol- 
lows: "This know also, that in the last days jierilous limes shall 
come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, 
boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthank- 
ful, unholy, without natural affection, truce- break era, false 
accusers, ineintinent, fierce, despisers of those that arc good, 
traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasure more than 
lovers of God ; having a form of godliness, but denying the 



(?, 






M 




Cr TJ^1£1I>7 1 LE IISrSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



103 




power thereof : from suet turn away" [II. Timothy, iii. 1-5). 

These were a few evils mentioned by Paul, applying directly 
to the religious world, for infidels and atheists do not have 
forms of godliness, but the professors of religion do and 
deny the power therof, and furthermore despise those who 
are good. If anyone can find a people whom the so-called 
Christian world unitedly despise, that despised people, 
according to the testimony of the inspired apostle, must be 
good. What people except the Latter-day Saints can be 
said to be thus despised ? 

Added to the evils already mentioned, are those of 
murder, prostitution, adultery, fornication, infanticide, foeti- 
cide, and the rest I need not mention. What does it prove? It 
shows beyond the shadow of a doubt that the world, notwith- 
standing their great professions and gaudy display of religious 
worship, have not repented of their sins, they therefore will 
fail of exaltation in the presence of the Lord. Paul tells us 
that "they which do such things shall not inherit the king- 
dom of God" [Galatums, v. 21). 

We might naturally think that the people with all these 
sins to shoulder before the throne of justice would be somewhat 
modest in their outcries again.st the Latter-day Saints, who 
do not practice these debasing and corrupting evils. But 
upon correct principles truth will not mingle with error, nor 
light with darkness, and, therefore, where sin enters at one 
door, modesty and virtue go out at the other, leaving the 
house to be garnished and swept, prepared for the habitation 
of dragons. 

Neither the sentiments and influencj of sectarian preachers, 
nor the combined efforts of human governments, nor both 
together, aided and propelled by the power of the dragon, 
can stay the work of the Lord nor hinder the elements from 
executing the wrath and indignation of Grod upon a wicked 
and perverse generation. Now, if the people would all 
repent, as the scriptures teach repentance, the result would be 
simply this : if men ceased to speak falsely, confidence 
between man and man would be restored. If men cea.sed to 
commit theft, our granaries and houses containing valuable 
property would be left open by day and by night, and all 
would be secure in that direction. In short, without repeat- 
ing the catalogue of evils, all of which are to be laid aside in 
repentance, penitentiaries, prisons, etc., would soon vanish 
from the land. Policemen, sheriffs, marshals, etc., would 
find a better occupation. In fine, would it not be what we 
expect it will be in the millennium of peace, when the earth is 
prepared for the Savior's habitation? 

This shows to us plainly that the principles of the gospel 
can be demonstrated and that we can learn to understand 
them for ourselves. 

Becau.se our Elders testify in boldness to the truth of these 
principles, and confidently affirm that Ood has spoken again 
and sent angels unto men, we are called fanatics ; and I fancy 
that sometimes in our schools, j-oung men who get a smatter- 
ing of book education, look upon tho.se who are firm in the 
faith of the gospel as being fanatical. But why is this? If 
one should say that a man who understood geometry, and 
testified in boldness to the correctness of its principles, was a 
geometrical fanatic, we would doubtless .say at once that the 
jierson who thus stigmatized his more learned brother was 
lioth ignorant and conceited. On the same principle, those 
who are so hasty in appellatins' the Latter-day Saints with the 
term fanatic, arc both ignorant and generally over-conceited. 

We cannot understand principles iif truth unless wt' cdiii- 
ply with the rules of demonstration, and people, I think, 



should be modest in their expressions, lest they "speak evil of 
that which they know nothing about," and we should always 
remember that the ignorance of one man is no evidence 
against the knowledge of another. 



INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE 
JAMES FERaUSON. 



OF 



1!Y .1. II. W. 



I AMES FERGUSON, the self-taught mechanic and astron- 
,1 omer, was born in the year 1710, near Keith, Scotland. 

His parents were in humble circumstances, but honest and 
earnest in their eflforts to educate their children. It was his 
lather's practice to teach his children to read and write. 
While he was thus engaged in teaching one of the older 
children, James was secretly occupied in listening to what was 
going on; and as soon as he was left alone, used to get hold 
of the book and try to read the lesson he had thus listened 
to. Being ashamed to let his fathef know in what he was 
engaged, he applied to an old lady who lived near by, to help 
him to understand the difficult words. 

In this way he actually learned to read before his father 
was aware he had learned his letters. 

Ferguson was employed in some of his early years as a 
keeper of sheep, in the employment of a small farmer in the 
neighborhood of his native place. 

He was sent to this occupation as he was of a weak consti- 
tution, and while his little flock was feeding around him, he 
used to busy himself in making models of mills, spinning- 
wheels, etc. , during the day and studying the stars at night. 

Soon after this he received as a present a copy of Gordon's 
Geographical Grammar, and by means of the instructions 
contained therein he made a globe from a piece of wood, cov- 
ered it with paper and delineated a map of the world upon it. 
He also made a meridian ring and horizon of wood and cov- 
ered them with paper and marked the degrees upon them and 
was happy to find that by means of this globe, which was the 
first that he had ever seen, he could solve many difficult 
problems. 

For some time after this he was very unfortunate, and actu- 
ally In want of the necessaries of life. A little oat meal, mixed 
with water, was often all the food he could obtain. Having 
received a hurt which confined him to the house, he amu.sed 
himself by making a wooden clock which kept very good 
time. A short time after this when he had recovered his health, 
he gave a still more extraordinary proof of his ingenuity and 
skill by constructing a watch made of wood and enclosed in a 
wooden case. The spring was made of a thin piece of whale- 
bone enclosed in a little hoop. This piece of machinery never 
would keep correct time owing to the weakness of the wooden 
wheels, but it would run fast enough when the balance wheel 
was removed. It is said that this watch was a little larger 
than a teacup. 

But one day, when a neighbor was examining it, he careles.sly 
let it fail, and turning quickly to pick it up he stumbled upon 
it and crushed it into fragments. 

In after years Fiirgu.son became one of the most distinguished 
philosophers of the ago in which he lived. No treati.se on 
astronomy has been .so iiopular, and deservedly so too, as that of 
James P'crguson, who, unaided and alone, discovered some of 
the laws that govern the heavenly bodies. 



5?i 



3i 




104 



j'Tj'v^EisrirjE in^sTi^'uoTOi^. 




oeorge: a- cajVxox, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUaHTS. 





FTEl! the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints was organized, there 
were only two churches upon the earth. 
They were known respectively as the 
Church of the Lamb of God and Baby- 
lon. The various organizations which 
are called ehuiches throughout Christen- 
dom, though differing in their creeds and 
organizations, have one common origin. 
They all belong to Babylon. God is. not 
- -« ,-o iin: founder of them, yet there are many sincere 
^^^^'-^ people who belong to them. These the Elders 
,^ of the Church are commanded to warn, and they 
are commanded to gather out. The Spirit of 
the Lord moves upon the people who will listen 
^■hi to His servants to leave Babylon and join the Church of 
^^Sr^ the Lamb. In the early days of the organization of 
Tj^* the Church of the Lamb, the hatred of Babylon 
* against it was conhned to a small circle ; the Church 

of Christ had not attracted much attention. But as it has 
increased in numbers it has aroused more and more animosity, 
until now Babylon in the United States is thoroughly angered. 
Catholics, Episcopalians. Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, 
and all other denominations unite together to persecute the 
few followers of Jesus, who are organized in His Church. 

Now, this condition of things was plainly foretold thousands 
of years ago. The Prophet Nephi, who lived about six 
hundred years before the Savior, saw and described the events 
which arc now taking place. Ho left them on record. They 
were translated by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and were 
published in the Book of .Mormon, before the organization of 
this Church. He described the desires of that great and abom- 
inable church to be .t'old. silver, silks, scarlets, fine-twined linen, 
precious clothing, and harlot.s. He said that for the praise 
of the world it would destroy the saints of God and bring 
them inlii captivity. He called tiiat church, "the whore of 
all the eartli," and said she sat upon many waters and had 
dominion over all the earth, among all nations, kindreds, 
toniiues and people. In this respect the testimony agrees 
with the testimony of John, the beloved di.sciple ; but there 
arc many thines which do not appear in King .lames' trans- 
l:ition of the record of John, that .Vt^phi makes plain, '{'here 
is one remarkable stiitcment that he makes concerning these 
iwn churches, that, "Whoso belongeth not to the Chunli of 
ihr Lamb of Gild, belongeth to the other, the motlur of 
aliotninations and the whore of all the earth." 

Latter-day Saints, by (heir experience, are finding this out. 
■ lohii declared that because of the wickedness and abonii- 
Miitions of this vile church, tlie jieople who belonged to the 
('liurch of the Lamli would be few and their dominions upon 
tlie face of the earth would be small. Yet, notwithstanding 
this was (ho condition of the Church of the Lamb, the 



mother of abominations would not be satisfied. She would 
want the Church of the Lamb destroyed, and would gather 
together multitudes of all the nations of the Gentiles to fight 
against it. 

Now, remember, these predictions were made thousands of 
years ago, and were published in this nation before the Church 
of the Lamb was organized. Yet fifty-two years afterwards 
we see them being literally fidfilled. Catholics and Protestants 
who have been divided and have feelings of deadly hatred 
against each other, have united together to petition Congress 
to fight against the Church of the Lamb and to destroy it. 
Only think of it ! Here is a nation of fifty millions of 
people, possessing great wealth, having thousands of news- 
papers, and printing offices where books of every kind are 
manufactured, with thousands and thousands of preachers, 
and yet they seem to be afraid of two hundred thousand liatter- 
day Saints in the mountains. They say we are poor ; we are 
ignorant ; we are deluded ; we do not know anything aboutlibe. ty; 
that we are a very wicked people. They say that the women 
are in bondage, living lives of wretchedness, and describe us 
as being everything that is low and degraded, and yet they 
want the government to step in and put us down. If there 
are two hundred thousand Latter-day Saints, there are two 
hundred and fifty people in the United States for every one 
of them, and yet we are talked about as though we were more 
numerous than they, and they have petitioned Congress to 
come to their aid and take the government away from us and 
give it to others. This shows how greatly they fear us ; it 
shows that Satan knows his kingdom must fall. It trembles 
already before the advance of truth and righteousness. 

Men hate the plural marriage of the Latter-day Saints. 
The -spirit of the world is opposed to this, for, as Nephi i-ays, 
the desires of that great and abominable Church are for har- 
lots, therefore they hate marriage. Another thing, Satan 
knows very well that by marriage the Saints increase. He 
wants to stop that increase You will remember how alarmed 
Pharaoh, king of Egypt, became at the increase of the 
Hebrews in the land of Egypt, and he, also, tried to stop 
the birth of children. It is the same spirit over again. 

But the words of Nephi come filled with consolatioa and 
encouragement to us. He beheld the power of the Lamb of 
God upon the Saints. He saw that they were armed with 
righteousness and great glory. He also saw that the wrath of 
God was poured out upon the mother of harlots, and that 
wars and rumors of wars should be among all the nations and 
kicdreds of the earth. He predicted that those who belonged 
to the ereat and abominable church should war among them- 
•selves, and the sword of their own hand should fall upon their 
own heads. He also iiredicted that every nation which 
should war against the house of Israel .should be turned one 
against another, and that they should fall into the pit which 
they had dug to ensnare the people of the Lord; for he posi- 
tively asserts that the time will .surely come that all they who 
fii^'ht against /ion should be out off, and all the churches 
which belong to the "whore of all the earth" had need to 
fear and tremble and quake, for they would be brought low 
in the dust and be consumed as stubble. 

It is at times like these, when great anger has been aroused 
against the Saints of God, that the precious promises made in 
the Book of Mormon and other records are of the greatest 
worth to Latter-day Saints. The I?nnk of Mormon plainly 
tells us that, "He that fiL'hteth against Zion, both Jew .and 
Gentile, both bond and free, both male and female shall 
perish." . 



'e^j- 



f€ 




-01^ 



^ 



J"TJ"^E3SriIL>E! IIsrSTI^TJGTOI^. 



105 



"\T rE are thankful for the organizations of Sunday schools 
' ' and mutual improvement associations among our young 
people, for by means of these the children can learn their 
religion and obtain testimony that it is tiue. How necessary 
this is ! How can men and women endure persecution with- 
out a testimony from the Lord that their religion is true ? 
This gives strength and courage and comfort, and every boy 
and girl in this Church should seek by humility and prayer to 
obtain this knowledge. It is the Lord's will to bestow it upon 
every one who will seek for it. It is not enough for boys or 
girls to think that their father and their mother tell them 
that this is true. They should know it for themselves, and if 
they will go to the Lard in secret, and call upon Him for His 
Holy Spirit, He will give them a testimony concerning the 
gospel, and they will know just as well as they know they live 
that it is from God, and that the Latter-day Saints are His 
people. We hope every reader of the .Tuve.vile Instructor 
that has not obtained this knowledge, will never rest satisfied 
till he or she does obtain it. 



S AGBIFI CE. 



BY S. E. R. 




How often do we turn with thoughts of 
Admiration, and with words of praise, 
To the example left to us by Abraham, 
Of faith unchanging and integrity to God. 

Brief is the sketch of him that's given. 
Yet therein are keys that open wide 
Fair fields for contemplation, when we 
Seek for deeds that are undying, for works 
Whose emulation is a noble effort. 

How bright through all the years shines 
Forth to us that last great sacrifice, that crowning 
Test of love and trust to God! 
A child of promise on the altar! 
A child of deepest love and hope, and with 
The father's hand raised towards heaven 
Ready to strike the fatal blow. 

Ye who speak lightly of the deed — and such I've 
heard — 
Just place yourselves in Abraham's stead, 
And think, what that fierce trial test. 
Would be to you. 

However great might be his faith 
He did not know a voice from heaven would 
Slay his hand and cry it is enough, ere 
H(i had slain his boy. 

But while I think of this another scene 
Comes up before me, one that does not 
Pale even before this mighty sacrifice.* 
I see a happy family, one of many who 
Heard and known the shepherd's voice. 
And gathered f'riini their far-off liouies 
Unto the Land of Promise — 
.\nd, as they thought, a land of liberty, 
Where they might rest from the long weary 
Way, rest in jicacc and Wdrslilp Ilini 

t^Wlion the Saints were driven Croni ttieir liuiiu-s in l'';ir Wi-st, 
Itu: tircuTrisninee here narrated uetnally oc-currc'l. 



C"^ — 



lad 



Whose voice had called them out from 
Babylon. 

But peace had fled afar before 
The blood-stained hand of violence. 
And all that fiends could do was done to 
Terrify the helpless ones, and violate the laws 
Of God and man. 

Then, as I said, came the great test 
That does not pale before that one of old : 
In the dead hour of night, when the whole 
Household slumbered, did they gather 
Round — a drunken mob. 
And with deep oaths and horrid blasphemy. 
Bid the father bring out his little flock 
That they might have the sport of shooting them. 

He had not quailed when facing death 
Himself, but now a deeper chord 
Was touched, a stronger tie than his 
Own life called to be broken. 

For a moment did his heart stand still. 
The life blood cease to flow ; but the 
Blanched cheek alone gave token of his agony, 
Mighty faith and prajer were his sole 
Weapons of defense. Would these fail 
Him now, in his sore hour of need? 
There was brief time for thought or plan of 
Action, for the mob clamored like wild 
Beasts for their prey. 

So, with one deep heart-uttered 
Prayer to God, his God as Abraham's, 
He turned and led them forth. 
His little ones that to the mother clung, 
Out into the night to die. 
Unless a mightier hand should stay the deed, 
And with slow voice but calm and clear, 
With hand raised high towards heaven. 
Faced the foul gang and said: 
"They're here; shoot if the great God permit." 

Then a deep silence fell upon the scene 
But not a gun was raised. 
Awe-stricken, they for a moment gazed 
Then fear came o'er them, and they turned 
And fled away into the darkness. 
Leaving the little band unto a blessed peace 
And quietness, so sweet, after such fiery trial. 

Such are the scenes, my friend, through which 
Our fathers and our mothers passed 
To give to us the glorious gospel truths. 
Shall we prove traitors to the trust. 
And lightly prize the pearl of price? 
I ask, and leave to you the answer. 

This land has been to us a land of peace and joy 
And bounteous gifts from heaven. 
And Zion's sons and daughters have 
Gone forth and made the desert blossom. 
And the wilderness fit dwelling place for man. 
But now the stonn-cloiuls gather while 
The nation stands against the little few 
Who dare to worship God. 
Again for us may come a trial time, 
A time of sacrifice. 
Then may we falter not, but may our 
Names be written with the faithful ones. 
Who stand as "Kock of .\gcs" on the shores of 
time. 



'^^S\S^ 




106 



crTJ"VE3^n:i_>E ih^sti^tjgtoi^. 




THE FISHERMAN'S FAMILY. 



BY (i. M. 0. 






/^F course, the readers of the Instructor have heard of 
^^ and eaten Yarmouth bloaters; they are a cheap dainty 
the world over. But few of them, I imagine, realize the 
amount of capital invested, and the unmber of men employed 
in the fishing 
business. To 
fully sense this 
fact, one must 
go to England, 
and visit the 
east coast, say 
Yarmouth, the 
head-quartors 
of the herring 
fishery. And, 
when he has 
fully made 
himself ac- 
quainted with 
the impor- 
tance, to the 
inhabitants 
thereabouts, of 
the business of 
"sea farming" 
— how many 
solely depend 
upon it Jor a 
livelihood, 
and, in fact, 
how it is the 
main stay of 
the city's 
greatness and 
niitoriety, they 
can then form 
a slight esti- 
mate of what 
England, 
alone, invests 
as capital in 
this bu.-iness. 
and realizes as 
a profit from 
it. I say a 
slight estimate 
for Yarmouth 
is but one of 
the many fish- 
insr towns and 
\illages of Eng- 
land, Ireland, 

Scotland and Wales, whose hardy H^heriii-jn piuJuce 
.somewhere about one hundred and forty million dollars 
yearly a.s the product o! their toilsome and hazardous call- 
ing. 

About the (,'ouri of Cornwall the pitchard. ordipsy hirrinir. 
is caught. hiiring the month ()f October, watch men, called 
''hucrs," are on the lookout day and night on the high clifs, 
ready to signal the boats when an approaching shoal of fish 
nears the shore. Thousands of pretty, .silvery little fiih may 




be seen jumping and tumbling in and out of the troubled 
waters. Boat after boat leaves the shore, the excitement 
becomes intense, the men in the boats keep their eyes upon 
the "huer," who, high on the bluff', guides and directs the 
movements of the boatmen by the waving of a brush he 
holds in his hands, swinging it with certain sweeps and circles, 
to tlie stranger mysterious, to the fishermen a certain and 
comprehensive telegraph. When the school or shoal of fish 

are well into 
the bays, the 
great seines, or 
nets, some of 
them five or 
six hundred 
yards long, are 
cast outside 
the shoal, then 
the ends of the 
net are drawn 
together and 
pulled near the 
shore and 
made fast. 
The silvery 
pitchards be- 
ing thus im- 
prisoned, boats 
and barges 
crowded with 
fishermen go 
and dip up the 
fish and empty 
them into the 
boats, which 
are soon over- 
flowing, and so 
they come and 
go between the 
seine and 
.shore, until the 
whole shoal 
is captured. 
During all this 
excitement, 
the women are 
calling, chil- 
dren shouting 
and laughing, 
dogs barking, 
and the sturdy 
fishermen 
working and 
heaving with 
.song and shout 
at their own 
success. 
But the fishermen do not always meet with good luck. It 
is not always in smooth water and near the shore that they 
find their fish, and many a danger and hardship is encountered, 
toooftiii sad and fatal. Time and again during the year we read 
in the papers of the wholesale loss of life, and the destruction 
of fishing boats, casting misery anil gloom over many a home. 
Not only are there accidents from the winds and waves, but other 
and unforeseen mishaps occur not, calculated upon by fisher- 
men. For instance, a few years ago, the herring fleet, one 



^^: 




J"TJ^E]3^ILE! ZJiTSTI?.TJOTOK.. 



107 




bitter, cold night, was all frozen fast in the ice some miles from 
land. The water was not frozen over in one mass of heavy 
ice, or the men could have gone ashore, l.ut just by the shore 
and around the boats, for between the two was a current that 
kept the water from freezing. They could see their homes 
from the boats, but could not get ashore. At last the people 
on shore rigged a sled, and, placing it on a boat, managed to 
push through the thin ice, with food and coal for the half- 
starved fishermen. 

Our picture represents an eyery-day scene, on the beach of 
a fishing village; the mother, wife and children are anxiously 
and patiently waiting for the boat to land, and to welcome 
home once again the head of the home from his rough and 
arduous trip. Let us hope that he will return in good health, 
and with a good "catch,'' making (heir happy faces still more 
bright and thankful. 



BAPTISM 



FOR 
OF 



THE REMISSION 

SINS. 



BY C. H. BLISS. 



f'^ 



THE remission of sins is what everj' sinner desires when he 
truly believes in God and has repented of every transgres- 
sion. Faith and repentance do not bring remission, but they 
must be had before it can be obtained, for they prepare the 
sinner for this ordinance. But baptism brings remission, or, 
in other words, it is through baptism that sins are remitted. 
To prove this, we may turn to the word of God. 

John the Baptist was a servant of God, acting under 
divine revelation, and we read [Marie i. 4, and Lvlce Hi. 3) 
that he preached "the baptism of repentance for the remission 
' of .?('«.<!," in the wilderness and all the country about Jordan. 
While he was preaching this doctrine, Jesus, considering it 
necessary to fulfill all righteousness, came to him and was 
baptized, thus acknowledging that John was preaching a cor- 
rect doctrine and baptizing for the right purpose. Now this 
has been a matter of sacred history for some eighteen hundred 
years and who is so blind to truth and lost to reason as to 
assert that baptism is for anything else than for the remission 
of sins? The passages quoted are a standing rebuke to all 
such persons. 

Jesus called and ordained men to preach His gospel, but 
just before He left them He commanded them to tarry at 
Jerusalem till they were endowed with power from on high. 
They did so, and when they received this power, they con- 
vinced a large multitude that Jesus was the Christ, and when 
their hearers induired of them what they should do, Peter 
replied: "Repent, and be haptized every one of you in the 
name of Jesus Christ for the remis.sion of sins" (Acts, ii 38). 
According to this, the inspired apostles taught that baptism 
was for the remission of sins, after Christ's ascension into 
heaven. 

Paul saw a vision in which he was told to go to a certain place 
where it should be told him what to do. He went, and there 
fasted and prayed three days. Then the Lord sent Ananias 
to him, who said. "Arise, and he liajili-.d! and iid.ili cnriii/ 
thy .sinh" {Artsxxll. 10). 

Why did not the Lord remit I'aul's sins through his fasting 
and prayer? Uecause lie had established baptism for that 
purpo.se, and both small and great must comply if they desire 
the blessing. 



•aS^^.. 



"But," says one, "you astonish me; I was always taught 
that baptism was an outward sign of an inward grace." 
That may be, but a true servant of God never taught you 
so, neither did you learn it from the Bible. You must be 
baptized and have your sins washed away before you are even 
prepared for the reception of an "inward grace." 

"But," continues the objector, "Peter tells us that baptism 
is 'not the putting away of the filth of the flesh but the 
answer of a good conscience towards God.' " 

Very good ! Ananias did not tell Paul to be baptized and 
wa.'ih away the "filth of the flesh," but to "be baptized and 
wash away his sins." Peter and John, with the rest of God's 
.servants, did not preach baptism for the "putting away of the 
filth of the flesh," but for the '^remission of sin.?." When a 
man is baptized according to the Lord's will, he receiyes a 
remission of sins and his conscience is void of ofiense towards 
God. 

Some object to baptism for the remission of sins because 
infants are "born in sin" and that would include infant bap- 
tism. True, the sin of Adam passed upon all mankind ; but 
Christ took away the sin of the world by taking it upon 
Himself and atoning for the same upon the cross. There- 
fore, infants are without sin, and "of such are the kingdom of 
heaven {Jlai-kx. 14.). 

The sins which men should be baptized for are their own 
individual sins, and not the sin they were born in, for the 
Savior atoned for that. 

Nor is it proper to say that baptism remits a man's sins, 
for that is the work of the Lord. The "laying on of hands" 
does not give the Holy Ghost, for it is the "gift of God." 
The blowing of rams' horns did not throw down the walls of 
Jericho, it was the power of Jehovah. "Simon saw that 
through the laying on of the Apostles' hands the Holy Ghost 
was given." (Acts viii. 18). God works /;;/ means, tln-ough 
instruments, and it is tlirongh, baptism that sins are 
remitted. 

It is repeatedly stated in the scriptures that those only who 
do the will of God can obtain salvation. That it is the will 
of God for people to receive the remission of sin, none will 
deny. That remis.sion of sins is obtained through baptism 
has been clearly proven. Therefore, all who will be saved will 
have to be baptized for this purpose. 

Again, the Bible says "the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from 
heaven with His mighty angels, in flaming fire taking ven- 
geance on them that know not God, and that obey not the 
gospel of our Lord Je^us Christ: who shall be puniished with 
everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and 
from the glory of His power" (IT. Thcss. 1. 7 9). From this we 
learn that the Lord will take vengeance on those who obey 
not the gospel, and punish them with everlasting destruction. 

Baptism for the remission of sins is a principle of the gos- 
pel, and those who fail to obey it will surely be partakers of 
the vengeance and puni.shment mentioned in the foregoing 
quotation. 

The ]'rophcl Klisha pointed out the way for the Syrian 
leper to be cleansed, namely, to bD washed or dipped seven 
times in Jordan. But he went away in a rage, thinking that 
the waters of Syria were just as good as those of Jordan ; but 
afterwards, being in'r.suaded by his servants, he obeyed the 
rci|uirpment, and was cleansed. Now, if he had been dipped 
in any other river, it wi)iilil have done him no good ; or if he 
had been dipped less than .seven times, it would have availe 1 
nothing, ("lod had prescribed the means, and they must be 



.^^. 




OS. 



CTTJ'VEn^ILEl in^STI?.TJGTO:E^. 



complied with to the ver}' letter, or the blessing would not 
follow. So it is with regard to baptism. 

"When Israel were bitten b.v poisonous serpents, God com- 
manded a brazen serpent to be raised, that whosoever should 
look upon it, should be healed. All the poisoned ones who 
would not look, considering it non-es.sential, died in their 
poison. So likewise, all sinners who will not be baptized, 
considerins it non-essential, will die in their sins, and be 
damned." ^ 

Sufficient has been said to satisfy any reasonable mind on 
this subject. Every point of scripture touching the ohjrct of 
baptism, has been examined, and found that each one proves 
it to be for the remission of sins. The arguments against 
tliis doctrine have also been e.xamined, and found utterly 
groundless. 

Let every unbaptized person waste no time, but prepare 
himself for this ordinance, by repenting of every sin. Then 
he may seek a properly authorized person to baptize him 
for the remission of his sins, that they may be remitted, that 
he may be a fit subject for the Holy Spirit to rest upon, that 
he may be saved with the redeemed and sanctified of all gen- 
erations in the kingdom of God forever — 

"While time, or thought, or being lasts, 
Or immortality endures." 




A MARVELOUS WORK. 



BY .T. E. C.VRLISLE. 



THEKE is something connected with the growth and estab- 
lishment of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints upon the earth in the.se last days that draws the atten- 
tion of the civilized world. People generally do not sen.se the 
position occupied by this Church in respect to the fulfillment 
of scriptural prophecy. The words recorded in Tsaiah, from 
which I get my subject, are being fulfilled. Our history is 
replete with evidences that such is the case. The Book of 
.Mormon coming forth in the way it did, is in exact accordance 
with the prophecy of Isaiah, and its internal evidence proves 
it a divine work. C illateral evidence increases. The history 
of Joseph, the I'rophet, and of the Cliureh. as published in 
the Instrittok, as also the writings of American anti(iuarians, 
contain such evidence. For over tilty years the wisdom of 
learned men has been used against this work, without any other 
effect than to increase its influence and power. When Joseph 
and Hyrum were killed, "Mormonism," in the estimation of 
a great many people, was dead. Yet, it lived and flourished. 

.\nothcr step must then l)e taken for its destruction. The 
people were cruelly driven from their homes in an inclem- 
ent season, and, led by inspiration, they settled in a then 
desert land. ^lany times the divine band of God is mani- 
fest in their behalf. The desert blossomed as the ro-e. Cities 
and villages were established. The wicked were astounded. 
New cff'ort.s mu~t be put forth to stop the progress of God's 
lieopie. 

An army wa.s sent against the Saints. The wicked again 
thought all would be well. But lo! the marvelous work 
continues to be performed. The designs of the evil are frus- 
trated again. The work spreads; its influence increases. The 
stakes of Zion are more in number and they are strengthcneii. 



■.\|...»lli- (>n.nn Prill 



"\V:iHr lt:l|,ti^<lll.' 



People of different nations embrace the truth and gather. 
They are influenced by the same spirit, as evinced by their 
union. 

The Elders sent out as missionaries meet with success in 
their labors, although unlearned, in the sense of the world. 
The Lord continues to be with them by His Holy Spirit. In 
their travels they frequently see the wisdom of wise men 
perish in attempting to confute the gospel of Christ. And, 
as these manifestations of God's power occur in the labors of 
the Elders, they increase their diligence, and the work rolls 
on. Men are sent to Utah to occupy offices of the govern- 
ment. They undertake unlawful measures and their wisdom 
perishes. Trace the history of those in the past, and note 
their downfall. 

I forbear, in this article, referring to individual instances. 
Congressmen, through a desire to satisfy the wishes of a num- 
ber of their constituents, use their influence in favor of meas- 
ures, which are unconstitutional, the object of which is the 
destruction of "Mormonism," or, properly, the kingdom of 
God. Even men who have been noted for their ability have 
thus used their talents, and failure has been the result." 

Thus we .see the wonderful fulfillment of prophecies uttered 
hundreds of years ago. Many great things are yet to take 
place. The prophecies contained in the Bible, Book of Mor- 
mon, and Doctrine and Covenants, which are not yet fulfilled, 
will be in their time. 

To-day we are looked upon as a peculiar people. Our union 
is feared. The enemies of Zion are on the alert. The Lord 
will continue to perform his marvelous work, according to His 
word. "No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; 
and every tongue that shall ri<e against thee in judgment 
thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of 
the Lord, and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord." 

Many Elders can testify in truth that no weapon that has been 
formed against the work of God has prospered, by the expe- 
rience they have received, having in many instances been mal-' 
treated for "the testimony of Jesus," and then seen further 
developments which show the di wnfall of tho.-^e who have thus 
treated them. The meek have "increased their joy in the 
Lord." 'That so many sect.s called Christians, differing in 
their faith, should unite in their efforts against the Church of 
God is wonderful. "Ye are not of the world *■' * there- 
fore the world hate you," as it did the early Saints. And 
with all the present persecution, we know that the kingdom 
will "grow and increase until it fills the whole earth." 



THE MUSSULMANS MAHORAM. 



IN October of each year, the Mohammedans of Western 
Hindostanhave a ten days' revelry in memory of the martyr- 
domof Hassein and Hoosain, defenders of their faith, in thedays 
of the Koran and the sword. In those festivities, localities com- 
pete in constructing the gaudiest /(ihiui/s .- though this style of 
celebration with its att<Miilaiit hilarities, is deprecated by 
Arabian, I'crsian, and other .Moslems. The moguls celebrate 
the same event by illuminating their mosques, in which they 
recount the daring deeds of the martyrs, as also the injustice 
they endured in the cause of the faithful, the wailings of the 
priest being responded to by the people. 

The taboot is a light construction of bamboo. It .some- 
times towers in terraced .stories to twenty or thirty feet 
high, tapered to a fancy crowning.. The whole is covered w jj 






,^5j<n^ 



3f 



^ 



crTJ^riL]n^ii-.E iitsti?.tjctoi?.. 



109 



variegated paper, beispan.eled with gold and silver tinseling, 
designed to represent the mausoleum erected over the 
remains of the martyrs. These are usually placed 'n large 
receptacles prepared for them, with the pan of perpetual 
incense before them ; and sports, reaching the ridiculous, 
are practiced from morning till evening of each day. These 
comprise music, dancing, wrestling, and sword feats, with the 
sham tiger fight in the real Bengal character, while tho.'^e 
in the dance, caparisoned with bells three score, add music 
and amusement to the scene. 

On the ninth night, at eleven o'clock, taboots, with their 
gay accompaniments, are paraded, with music and torches, 
through the streets till three in the morning of the tenth day, 
and again from two till five, when they are stripped of their 
valuables and committed to the waters, and the weary go to 
rest from the self-imposed toils of the mahoram. 

This refers to a low grade of Mohammedanism, above 
which exists a nobler strata, more intelligent and sincere, who 
acknowledge the Savior in part, though, like the Jews, with 
the bias of iheir traditions, they look for Him to establish 
the Moslem religion on the earth, and'be a sign of the com- 
ing of the day of judgment. 

They also believe in angels between God and man, adoring 
and waiting on the former, and interceding for and guarding 
the latter. They acknowledge the Holy Spirit as the angel of 
revelation, and that, out of the many apostles and prophets 
sent at diiferent times, six were specially sent to open new dis- 
pensations, viz: Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and 
last Mohammed. Every Moslem is required to pray five 
times a day, after the old Jewish order, the hours of prayer 
being chanted outside of every mosque, as the Jews blow the 
trumpet at their synagogues. 

As you, with uncovered feet, enter those mosques, you find 
a perfect decorum and quiet attending their prostrations and 
prayers, and an influence refreshingly in contrast with the 
filthy pagoda, the idol temple, or even the Portuguese Roman 
cathedrals, studded with images of Saints and paraded by 
cowled monks. 

Moslemism is very much in advance of the heathenism of 
the East, and aside from their ignorance of, and unbelief in, 
the atonement, they are in advance in their moral status, and 
have more faith in the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob 
than very many of the tradition-taught Christians of the 
western world. 

The Patriarch Abraham being much exercised concerning 
his first-begotten through Hagar, who was thirteen years old 
at the birth of Isaac, the Lird said to him: "Behold, I have 
blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him 
exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make 
him a great nation" [Gin. .nni., 20). This may refer to the 
visit of the angel of the Lord to his mother before his birth, 
who said to her: "1 will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that 
it .shall not be numbered for multitude." He named him 
Ishmael, saying, "He will be a wild man; his hand will be 
against every man, and every man's hand against him; and 
he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren" (Gen. xn., 
1()-12). 

In the roaming Arabian, who.se hand is against every man, 
and the surly Turk, who.'c crescent over.'-hadows the holy 
places of the East, you find the .seed of Abraham, through 
the bondwoman, multiplied exceedingly through the law ol' 
plural marriage, given of God through their patriarcli 
father. 



One hundred and thirty million of them, of the Moslem 
faith, politically prepared to accept vassalage under the "Lion 
of Judah" and dwell in the presence of their brethren — 
redeemed from the north, and gathered from the countries 
whither they had been scattered ; as one nation on the land 
promised as an everlasting posses.sion! 

How foolish appear the blind guides of the people in these 
days, who howl for special legislation against a law ordained 
of Ood from the beginning, for the multiplying of His 
people; as also fully developed in the families of the twelve 
patriarchs, the root and stem of that royalty which will sway 
the scepter of dominion under the whole heavens ! Verily, 
they separate themselves from the covenants and promises of 
God to their lathers and their seed after them through the 
gospel, to be realized in the times of the restitution of all 
things which God hath spoken by the mouths of all His holy 
prophets since the world began. H. F. 



Old Printino. — The first printing press set up in America 
was "worked" at Cambrige, Mass, in 16S9. Rev. Jesse Govel 
procured the press, by "contributions of friends of learning 
and religion," in Amsterdam and in England, but died on his 
passage to the New World. 

Stephen Day was the first printer. In honor of his pioneer 
position, goverment gave him a grant of three hundred acres 
of land. 

Pennsylvania was the second State to encourage printing. 
William Bradford went to Penn.sylvania with William Penn 
in 1682, and in 16811 established a printing press in Philadel- 
phia; its first issue was an almanac for 1(187. It was but a 
sheet. The first book printed by Bradford was a collection of 
essays by Francis BacoB. It appeared in KISS, and was called 
"The Temple of Wisdom." In 1692, Bradford was induced 
to establish a printing press in New York. He received £40 
per annum and "the privilege of printing on his own account." 
Previous to that time there had been no printing done in the 
]irovince of New York. His first issue was a proclamation 
bearing date of f 692. 

Type-i5etting in early times was not remarkable for its exact- 
ness and acjuraoy. In the year 1561, a book was printed, 
called the "Anatomy of the Mass." It had only 1 "2 pages in 
it, but the author, a pious monk, was obliged to add fifteen 
pages to correct the blunders. These he attributed to the 
special instigation of the "devil" to defeat the work. 

A printer's wife in Germany lost her life by feloniously 
meddling with the types. She went into the office by night, 
and took out the word "lord" in Genesis iii, 16, where Eve is 
made subject to her husband, and made the verse read, "he 
shall be thy fool," instead of "ho shall be thy lord." It is 
said that she was jiut to death for her wickedness. There is 
an edition of the Bible called the "Vinegar Bible," from the 
parable of the "Vineyard" being printed "\'inegar." 



|)i)lN(i (i0(il>. — If we work upon marble, it will perish; if 
we work upon brass, time will (efface it; if we rear edifices, 
they will cruml>le into dust; but if we work upon immortal 
minds — if we imbue them with principles, with the fear of 
• lod, and love of our fellow-men — we engrave on these 
tal)lets something which will brighten for all eternity. 







.(^-i'^' 



'^^^Slf^l 



no 



arxj-\rE!2sriiL,:K! ii^st:e2.tjgtok:,. 



THE LAST SUPPER. 



R. 



•V 



EKILY, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray 



Such were the solemn words of the Son of God to the 
twelve whom He had chosen out of all the world. One of 
those twelve was to betray Him. How awful the thought that 
of those chosen few, who should have been His truest 
friends, one was a traitor! 

When Jesus uttered these sad words, He and His apostles 
were gathered in an upper room in Jerusalem, partaking of 
the last supper the Redeemer of the world tasted before his 
death. On the morrow He was crucified. The thought that 
there was one among them so accursed that he would deliver 
their dearly-loved Master into the hands of the wicked, filled 
them with horror. With one consent they enquired, "Lord, 
is it I?" Jesus remained silent. Peter, unable to control 
his impatient nature, made a signal to John, who leaned on 
his Savior's breast, to inquire who it was. John did so. 
With a low voice, he 
said: "Lord, who is it?" 
The answer was given 
apparently in a like low 
voice, so that only he 
could hear. 

It is the custom in 
Kastern lands for all the 
guests at a meal to eat 
out of one common dish. 
It is polite and customary 
for one guest to take a 
piece of brcid, dip it in 
the dish and hand it to 
another. Jesu.s handed 
to Judas a "sop" of this 
kind. Such an act would 
e.xcite no- notice; but it 
was the sign unto John 
that he tn whom it 
was given was the one 

who should prove false to his friends, his religion and his 
God. The Savior then uttered the terrible words: "The 
Son of Man goeth, as it is written of Him: but "woe 
unto that man by whom the Son of Man is betrayed ! It 
had been good for that man if he had not been born." 

Judas also inquired, "Master, is it I?" He was answered, 
"Thou hast said 1" And when he had eaten the sop, Satan 
entered into him. He was ready for the shameful deed that 
envy and avarice, hatred and ingratitmie inspired. "What 
thou doest, do quickly," added the Savior. Judas knew 
what those words meant, he felt their force, arose from the 
table and (|uitted the holy feast. The other apostles pcssibly 
thought that he had been bidden to go out and make some 
))urchases for the morrow's pas-sover, or give something out 
of the cooimon store to the poor; for Judas was the treasurer 
of the quorum. So from the presence of the Lord, from the 
bles^^ed company, from the sacred pleasures of that ever- 
memorable banquet, he went out of the lighted room into 
the darkness, for "it was night." 

But the darkness of that night was nothing compared to 
the darkness which settled on the .soul of Judas. We can 



only imagine his feelings — the storm of contending emotions 
that raged in his heart. But evil predominated. For thirty 
pieces of silver he sold his Savior, and plunged himself into 
unutterable woe and irretrievable ruin. With a motley crowd, 
armed with swords and staves, he led the way to where the 
Lord could be found. With a kiss, which has ever since 
been the type of the foulest hypocrisy, he made known who 
it was that they sought. The rest is well known. Before 
the next day's sun had set Jesus had atoned for the sins of 
the world. And Judas, what of him? His time on earth 
was short. Remorse seized him too late. He took the 
accursed blood money and threw it at the feet of those from 
whom he received it, and then went out and hanged him- 
self. 



THE WAYS OF GOD. 



BY M. H. 



T 




^ 



HE poet says, "God moves in a mysterious way,, His 
wonders to perform," and to the work of our Father in 

no age of the world can 
these words be more 
appropriately applied 
than in the mysterious, 
inscrutable i)rovidences of 
God in bringing about 
the restoration of the 
gospel in these last days. 
This great work has been 
performed so quietly ana 
naturally, so contrary to 
the anticipations of the 
Christian world, that, 
like the Jews in the days 
of our Savior, in looking 
for some great, miracu- 
lous manifestation of, the 
Almighty power, they 
overlooked and failed to 
comprehend the work of 
God when it appeared in 
humility and simpliciry. In this age, as in nearly if not all 
others of which we have any record, our Father has taken 
"the weak things of the world to confound the wisdom of 
the wise," and has selected the instruments by which to 
accomi)lish His designs and puri)o.ses from among the humble, 
lowly and meek. Can wc fail to perceive His superior wisdom 
manifested in this? Who so .susceptable to the whisperings 
and promptings of the Holy Sjiirit us those whose minds are 
free and nntrammelod with false theories and dognjas extant in 
the world? Who of all the civiii/cd world comprehended 
the mission of Columbus, or realized that he was an instru- 
ment in the hands of God to assist in bringing to pass the 
purpo.ses of the Almighty? And yet was he not raised up in 
I'ullillment of prophecy? 

This western hemisphere was the [iromised land, chosen 
many centuries ago on which to establish the church and 
kimrilom of God in the last days, and which the Lord had 
held in reserve for many generations for this purpo.se ; and in 
His own due time it was necessary that the existence of this 
land should be brought to the knowledge of the civilized 
woiM. Satan understood this perfectly, and .sought by every 



,..'-(«; 



/^<VJS)S.^- 



CTTJ'^^'En^ILE I"3SrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



Ill 




possible means to discourage and thwart Columbus in all his 
plans. But the desire implanted by our Heavenly Fathei»in 
the mind of the humble, obscure man, to explore the then 
unknown seas, grew and strengthened with his years, until it 
became a fixed determination, and he labored undefatigably to 
accomplish this object ; battling with diihculties of every 
description, and sustained by the Almighty, he overcame one 
obstacle after another, opposition only seeming to strengthen 
his determination, until he succeeded in gaining the sympathy 
of a noble, true woman, whose heart God also touched, and 
by the assistance she extended to him, he was enabled to 
consummate his desires and accomplish the work which the 
Lord designed him to perform. 

Many years afterwards, by this same silent power and 
influence, the Pilgrim Fathers were constrained to leave the 
land of their nativity, and in the land of America seek for 
that freedom of conscience and religious liberty that had been 
denied them in the mother country. They were a peaceable, 
industrious, God-fearing people, actuated by pure motives, 
and possessed of strength of character and integrity to cor- 
rect principles — indeed such a people as the Lord required to 
bring about His purposes. And these noble fathers and 
mothers were the immediate antecedents of those upright, 
honorable, courageous men who wrested this country from 
foreign powers, and, through the inspiration of God, framed 
the glorious Constitution of this great republic, the religious 
persecution which their forefathers had experienced well pre- 
paring them to extend religious toleration to all the inhabi- 
tants of the earth. 

How few years elapsed after peace was restored and the 
republic firmly established, before a Prophet of God was 
raised up, and His Church organized upon the earth under 
the government of the United States, which could not have 
taken place under any other government then in exist- 
ence! 

From that time, it would seem that all the forces of the 
evil one, the enemy of truth and righteousness, had been 
arrayed against the work of God. But there is one peculiarity 
connected with the dealings of God with His people in every 
age of the world, and that is, the stronger the opposition and 
the more bitter the persecution, the more rapid has been the 
progress of His work, the Lord overruling everything for the 
good of His people, and the latter-day work has been no 
exception to the rule. 

The Saints have suffered much and severe persecution, and 
doubtless it has sometimes been hard to bear, yet in reality it 
is a bles.sing in disguise, for it enables them to prove their 
integrity to the Lord and their worthiness to receive the 
blessings which the Lord has in store for His faithful Saints ; 
for He has said that He would have a tried people, and that 
they who sat on His right hand were those who had come up 
through much tribulation. And though to-day there is great 
animosity manifested towards the Latter-day Saints, and great 
men are using their God-given intelligence in opposing His 
work, and are scheming and planning for the overthrow and 
extinction of His Saints, how little do those men realize 
that they arc merely tools in the hand of the Almighty, whom 
He is using for the perfection of His Saints. And though 
their labors may result in sifting out the lukewarm and the 
hypocrite, it will but kuit the faithful and true more closely 
together, and thus make them more powerful both with Go<l 
and man; and the word.s of our Father will be verified, "The 
wrath of man shall praise Him, and the remainder of wrath 
He will restrain." 



A DIALOGUE 



BT H. 51. W. 



Nellie. — Annie, I am so glad to meet you! I want you 
to go down town with me. 

Annie. — I am very sorry, but I cannot go with you now. 

N. — What is there to hinder you? Your school is out. 

A. — Yes, but this is primary meeting day, and it is almost 
time to go. 

N. — dear, I never saw such a girl — always engaged ! 
. A. — Must you go down town today ? 

N. — Yes; to-morrow is my cousin Lucy's birthday, and I 
want to purchase a few articles for the occasion, and I must 
do it to-day. 

A. — Our meeting is only held for one hour ; could we not 
go after meeting? 

N. — It would be too late then. I think you might go with 
me now; what if you do miss one meeting? 

A. — Nellie, I never miss a meeting if I can help it. If 
mother was sick, or if I was very sick, of course I should stay 
away. But we are taught that punctuality creates confidence, 
and I want to gain the confidence of all good people ; and I 
must begin while I am young. 

N. — Well, I don't want to be tied to anything. I want my 
liberty. I want to go to meeting when I feel like it, and stay 
away when I please. I have been to primary meetings a few 
times, but I don't see any good in them. 

A. — To find good, we must seek for it, and we must be in 
earnest. If I didn't go to our meetings more than you do, I 
should not get any more good from them than you get. 

N. — What good do you get there? I should like to know ! 

A. — My dear Nellie, }'ou and I were born heirs to all the 
blessings of the gospel, for which our fathers and mothers 
have suffered so much; but we must live for the blessings 
and seek for them, or we shall not obtain them. 

N. — Well, what has the primary meeting to do with that? 

A. — The girls and boys who are punctual at the meetings 
are learning what their duties are. We pray, after the meeting 
is opened by singing, and, when called upon, we close b.v 
prayer. We rise up and speak, and we are taught to read 
and recite correctly. We are taught to exercise faith in God 
and to pray for the sick. And, 0, Nellie, God does hear our 
prayers, and the sick have beeu healed when we children 
have prayed for them. 

N. — How strange! I remember one day when I was at 
meeting, the president said something about children having 
faith in God instead of doctors; but I didn't pay any attention 
to it, and never thought of it again till now. 

A. — We are taught in our meetings that we must keep the 
Sabbath day holy ; and if we desire to be Saints, we must 
l)artake of the sacrament of the Lord's supper in a proper 
manner. I desire to be a Saint, and I want to prepare now, 
by attending Sunday school and inimary meetings, to become 
very useful and do a groat deal of good. 

I see, Annie, that you are going to be good and great. Now, 
I don't want to live and die and be lorgotten, or be good for 
nothing. You have converted mc, Annie. I am determined 
to be a different girl. From this time, instead of seeking my 
own pleasure, I will try to do whatever is my duty, and, as 
you say, be in earnest. I want to begin this very day. May 
I go to meeting with you ? 

A. — Yes, indeed; and 1 think we may be able to go down 
town before dark. It is nearly meeting time ; let us be 
punctual {Tliiy harri/ off). 



^ 





lis CTTJ^^Ein^ILE in^STie/TJOTOI^. 




ZION STANDS WITH HIKLS SURROUNDED. 



Music by H. A. TurivEir. 



m 



j_ 



51 - on stands w 



^- 



^==^ 



stands with 



sur - rounded — Zi - on, kept by pow'i' 



hill; 



r^rizzir 



-^— e- 









P*: 












E^: 






:j~p- 



AU her foes shall be 



con - founded, Though the world 



-^=m=i-- 



■±Zl_ 



f 



m-^r^ 



=t=t= 



-m^-»^ 



m 



ite=r- 



arms 



eoni - Ijnie. 



F@-"^ 



2=feE 






1C2 



lln, 



Hap- p\ 

%-p2r: :i:rz:p^z::j=:3=j==4rg-3=z-tz: 



*=*! 



isii 






"-^ 



*2 



ill 






Every human tie may perish, 
Friend to friend unfaithful prove, 

Mothers cease their own to cherish. 
Heaven and earth at last remove; 

But no changes 
Can attend Jehovah's love. 



Zi - on. What a 



-_— 1=1 



fa - vored 

1 



lot 



IS thine! 



=:=:ttp: 



3*: 



=^z=r=t 



T 






In the furnace Grod may prove thee, 
Thence to br'ng thee forth more bright,. 

But can never cease to love thee, 
Thou art precious in His sight; 

God is with thee — 
Thou shalt triumph in His might. 



BY AND BY. 



BY J. C. 



Choose not some otlipr time to do 

Thethings that should to-day Vic done; 

The chance the present offers you 
May perish ere to-morrow's sun. 

The modest flow'rets, sweet and fHir, 
The birds that nestle in the bower, 

Yield notes of joy, and fragrance rare. 
To grace and bless the present hour. 

The pearly dew that night distills. 

Which smiles to kiss the morning ray; 

The <'ooing dove, the murmuring rills, 
Give each their meed to crown to-day. 

Tile .<un that tips with gold the hill ; 

Karth, ocean's swell, night's orbs on high, 
All, all their missions promptly fill, 

While man, remiss, drawls "by and by." 



And strange it is that man should so 

On dreams of future bliss rely. 
Since life is strewn with wreek to show 

The danger-reefs of "by and by." 

THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



ORORGB Q,. CANNON, - 
<<KORGB C. LAItlliERT, - 



.... KDITOP, 
BUSINESS MANAGER 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 

Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one -anda-half liioi'ks west of 

the Tabernacle. Salt Lake City. 



'-C^&, 



-J?^ 



