
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CTY. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 18G9. 



NO. 5. 



XJIP ^nSTD nDOAA7"3sr TTIE] JOIE^ID-^lNr. 



?3l. 



HAVING completed our visit to the land of Edoin we will 
retrace our steps northward to our former resting place on 
the shores of the Dead Sea, near the m uth of the liver Jor- 
dan, and then prepare to journey up the banks of that sacred 
river, hallowed 'o the Saints by being so intimately associated 
with the life of Jesus and the history of the ancient Israelites. 
We will first try to give you a description of the river from its 
springs in the mountains of Lebanon, to its mouth in ihe Dead 
Sea, and afterwards visit a few places connected with Bible Hie- 
tory that 
lie no great 
distance 
from its 
banks. 

Am idst 
the moun- 
tains of 
Lebanon 
are to be 
found the 
springs 
fro m 
w hence 
flowt'.-n or 
3 dozen 
small 
s tr e a m s 
that when 
united 
form the 
upper 
Jordan. 
Soon alter 
the union 
of th ese 
streams 
the river 
flows into 
the waters 
of iM e r - 

mon, a small lake about four miles long and three wide. En- 
tering the lake at its northern end the Jordan flows out again 
at its southern extremity and after a binding course, which 
would be about twenty ni les in a staightline, the Jordan enters 
the beautiful sea of GaliLe, not far from the fishing village of 
Bethsaida. • At this place Peter, James, John, Andrew and 
Philip of the twelve apostles, spent their childhood, and, when 
grown to manhood, followed their calling of fishermen until the 
Savior called upon them to leave their boats and their ucts to 
follow him and become fishery of men. 




It was on the borders of this lovely lake, or in a boat on its 
placid waters that Jesus taught many of the most sacred truths 
of the gospel to the thousands who came to listen to him, and 
in its neighborhood he performed many of his mightiest mir- 
acles. 

On the northern shores of the lake once stood the city of 
Capernaum, known to tho,-e acquainted wiih the life of Jesus as 
His home after being rejected by the people of Nazareth. 
From that time forward Capernaum became "his own city." 
_ I t w a s 

here he 
healed the 
mother of 
Peter of a 
fever and 
i mmedia - 
tely re- 
stored her 
to health. 
That same 
night the 
people 
throng e d 
thedoorof 
the house 
where he 
stayed, 
"and ho 
healed 
many that 
were sick 
of divers 
diseases." 
Here also 
lie cuied 
th e man 
sick of (he 
p a 1 s y , 
raited the 

daughter ot Jaiius to life and performed many other wondrous 
work^. 

On the western shore of this lake is Magdela— best known 
as being the birth-place of Mary Magdalene, who so devotedly 
followed the Savior in his life and death. 

It was on the sea of Galileo that Jesus walked fiora the shore 
to the disciples' boat, as on the soliu roek. Into its waters the 
impetuous Peter jumped in his desire to run and meet Ilim, 
when he was satisfied it was not a spirit, but the master whom 
he loved so well who was approaching the boat. But Peter'." 



I 



i^' 



34= 



0" TJ "V E n^ I Hj E I2srsa?I^TJOTOI?;, 



r^ 



faith faltered, he began to sink, and needed the sustaining 
hand of his Savior to save him. It was on )ts waters that the 
trembling disciples fled to their sleeping Lord, when their little 
Tessel rocked heavily amidst the furious storm. But He lay 
peacefully asleep on a pillow in the hinder part of the ship. 
Already "the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now 
fuir' but Jesus, listening to the entreaties of his followers, "arose 
and rebuked the wind and said unto the sea, "Peace be still." 
Then all was calm, and the vessel sped quickly to its destined 
port. 

Near the spot where the Jordan flows into this sea is sup- 
posed to be the plain where Jesus fed the five thousand with 
five loaves and two fishes. Having healed the sick and taught 
many lessons of divine wisdom to the multitudes of people who 
"followed him on foot out of their cities" he would not send 
them away hungry, but commanded the uisciples to seat them. 
He then fed all of them with these few loaves and fishes. When 
they were all satisfied the fragt'ients that remained filled twelve 
baskets. 

But we must continue our journey — Having reached the south 
end of the lake the Jordan again pushes southward, and afttr 
a devious journey of about two hundred miles it reaches the 
Dead Sea, where itis swallowed up in its briny waters. Though 
by following the stream it is about two hundred miles, yet in a 
straight line it would be only about sixty. Our engraving, giving 
a view of the river and the surrounding country near Jericho, 
plainly shows how greatly the river winds in and out in its 
course. 

Ihere are two remarkable characteristics about the Jordan — 
its length and descent. Though, as the crow flies, it is not more 
than 120 miles long, if that much, from its highest source to 
the point where it enters the Dead Sea, yet, owing to its wind- 
ings it cannot be less than 300 miles in length, and it is also 
remarkable that in its descent from the waters or' Mermon to 
its southern termination it has a fall of 1,300 feet. In its de- 
scent there are wild cascades down which the foaming torrent 
leaps at the rate of twelve miles i)or hour. ' 'Throughout its sin- 
uous course there are twenly-seven rapids, some of which are 
900 feet long, and the shallow waters foam as they pass over the 
large boulders of sandstone and trap. Below the longest rajiid 
there is a series of five falls, having a descent of eighteen feet 
with rapids between them; and at El-Buk'ah there is a whirl- 
pool grand and dangerous." 

It was across this river that Joshua led the armies of Israel 
dry shod, when they advanced after their forty years' wanderings 
into the Promised Land. God was with them and he held back 
the flowing waters of the upper Jordan and permitted not the 
lower waters to return, and the children of Israel with their wives 
and their little ones passed safely across the bed of the river 
to do battle with the Canaanites for the land God had given to 
their father Abraham. 

In this river also Jesus bowed in humble submission to His 
Father's will and was baptized by John; not only to set us an 
example as the Lord of life and glory, but also "to fulfil all 
righteousness." And when he had thus shown His willingness 
to obey His Father in all things, the spirit of God descended 
upon him in the sign of a dove, and a voice was heard from 
heaven saying: "This is my beloved son in whom I am well 
pleased." 

My little readers, if it was needful for Jesus, the Son of God, 
the Savior of the world, to be baptised to do His Father's will 
and gain His smile, how necessary it is for all of us to follow 
His example if wo wish to enter into His presence and dwell 
with liim through eternity. G. R. 



f^ 



PRECErr must be upon precept, line upon line, 
and there a little. 



here a little 



I<'or the Juvenile Iitatructor, 






^ 



A TRUE STORY— SECOND PART. 



LIITLE GEORGE RUNS AW.\.Y FROM SCHOOL. 



LITTLE George went to a Sunday school twice every Sun- 
day, and learned a little more how to read the first lessons 
in the child's book. 

He did not like his Sunday school teacher as well as he did 
the little old man with the big spectacles, who taught him his 
letters in the poor-house school. If he forgot a letter the good 
old school teacher never scolded him for it, but to d him over 
and over again until he could not forget it any more. 

The Sunday schdol teacher being a young man, did not think 
that the lessons were hard to the tender mind of the boy, be- 
cause they were easy enough to him, Le thought that little boys 
should learn them at once. 

When Little George could not learn his lessons at once the 
teacher got angry at him and scolded him. Then he became 
stupid and would not hold the book nor look at the letters. 
One Sunday the teacher pulled and boxed his ears, thinking to 
make him learn faster from fear of being punished again. 
At'ierhe had got his ears well boxed and pulled until they were 
quite red, the teacher tried to get him to read again, but he 
could not do it, so he was sent to his seat in disgrace, where he 
cried for vexation and shame, for he had been punished before 
the whole class of little boys. He was trying to learn as fast 
as he could, and he was always ple.sed, and tried his very best 
to learn when he was encouraged with a kind word from his 
teacher, but when the teacher called him a bad boy and a dunce, 
and shook him by the shoulders, and ail that kind of thing, he 
felt something in him that made him determined not to learn 
for that teaclier any how, but to run away from school. 

He durst not tA\ his master and mistress that he had got his 
ears boxed, for he feared they would beUeve he had been a bad 
boy, when he know he had not been a bad boy; but he was de- 
termined he would not go to that school again, so next Sunday 
he played truant, that is, instead of going to school, he went 
with some more boys bigger than himself, into the green fields 
to gather buttercups and daisies. 

It would have been much better if he had told his master 
and mistress of the cruel usage he had received, than to run 
away from school, yet I know that he never would have thought 
of running away from school if the teacher had been more kind 
and indulgent toward him, but instead of making the duty of 
learning a pleasant task, and instead of rewarding the poor 
efforts of the ignorantboy with smiles and kind words, he made 
the task hard and unpleasant by frowns and scolding and 
blows. 

Little George was a high spirited boy and would not bear 
abuse, when tie knew he did not deserve it, and always ran 
away from those who abused him, and found happiness and 
freedom in the open air by day, and in some corner, sleep and 
rest by night. 

The old poor-house teacher was kind to all the boys in his 
school, but the Sunday school teacher showed favor to some of 
the boys in his cla;s all the time and never scolded them, when 
they needed it, and to other boys he never gave a smile of en- 
couragement, and seemed as if he did not want to teach them 
at all. There is none of you, my little readers, who like to be 
slighted, and you cannot love any body who shghts you, but you 
rather fear them than love them. 



^3^- 



■\t^i\ 



Jt^ 




0" TJ "V E3 ISr n: L El II<rSTI^TJOTOI^, 



=>^^^J 



35 



There are boys and girls who try their school teachers very 
much-, yet I think there is a way to manage the most wayward 
to make them obedient, loving and good to their teachers, but 
it cannot bo done by exposing the person to punishment and 
disgrace. If kindness will not bring the wayward boy or girl to 
duty and obedience punishing with rulers, canes, straps, puhing 
the hair and ears, beating with the hand and kicking with the 
foot will never do it. If a teacher can win the love and confi- 
dence of his pupil, he can hold it by the same rule, while he 
moulds the young and tender mind to store up the riches of 
truth. 

The school teacher is a co-operator with parents. A co-oper- 
ator is a person who works with another person to bring to pass 
the same thing, no matter what. That is, your parents are 
trying by their good advice and kindness to make you good 
children, in order to make you good men and women, and use- 
ful to yourselves and to your fellow beings while you live. Your 
school teacher is employed to help them to do this, and should 
feel the same interest in your education as your parents do, and 
you, in return, should love and esteem your teachers almost as 
you do your parents. 

While the pleasure of playing among the green grass and 
flowers lasted. Little; Cleorge was happy enough, but when the 
sun began to go down, and it was time to return home his hap- 
piness all fled awaj'. . He felt guilty, and wished that he had 
gone to school, or asked his master and mistress to let him go to 
another school. In the fulness of his enjoyment in the green 
fields he had not noticed what time it was, for when he came 
near home the school had been out nearly an hour. He durst 
not go into the house, but .stood against the door with one foot 
on the other, hanging his head and biting his finger nails and 
feeling very miserable. 

He heard a person coming to the door — it was his master. 
Wl^en he had opened the door he saw the guilty boy aijd said: 
"Well George, where have you been? Your mistress has felt 
very uneasy, and feared that something had happened to you. 
l''ou do not sjieiik. Come into the house." 

He crept into the house, and got close up to the side of his 
mistress, she had befriended him b fore when he was put out 
of chapel, and he hoped she would again. He was not disap- 
pointed. 

"Where have j'ou been, my boy," she said to him. 

He did not speak. He could not tell a lie, and if he spoke 
at all he must tell that he had run away from school. 

His master in an angry tone said. 

"Why do you not answer your mistress?" 

He burst into tears. 

"There," said the mistress, "is that any way to speak to the 
child." 

"Well, I will be bound that he has been doing something 
wrong somewhere if the truth were known." 

"The preacher told you this morning to judge not lest you 
be judged." And, turning to George, jjlacing her hand afiec- 
tionately upon his lead, she said, 

"Come, dear, dry your tears, and tell me all about it, I know 
you will tell me the truth, and I know it is not so bad when the 
truth is known." 

This tender appeal won with George, and he was determined 
to tell her the truth at any price; so, through his tears, he re- 
lated to her in the hearing of his master, how the teacher 
abused him and made him run away from school 

"I told you," said the master, "I knew he had been doing 
wrong. ' ' 

"W^ell, and what would you do if your master that you work 
for should strike at you and call you vile names? I do not blame 
the boy one bit; he shall not go to that school again". 

"There you go, spare the rod and spoil the child." 



"I think there are more children spoiled by using it than by 
sparing it, I won't have him abused." 

Little George took courage at the turn things had taken, he 
dried his tears and felt so full of gratitude to his mistress that 
he wanted to embrace and kiss her. 

She gave him his supper, and told him to wash his face and 
hands and go with her to chapel. 

Uncle Georqi. 



THE G-ii^,.A.:F:e^E insr th:e 



A GIRAFFE that had strayed from a menagerie found its 
way in:o a farm yard, and at once became the center of 
an admiring group of animals, who praised him for his great 
height, his beautiful spots, his dignity of appearance, his 
strength, and his refined manners. And the girafl^e, being 
puffed up with conceit, held his head very high, and ventured 
to say, 

"This is all very true. I am indeed a magnificent beast, and 
you do right to honor me above my fellows. There is not in all 
the land anything like me." 

Now a surly ass, who had never received a compliment in his 
life, and who, being himse'f proof against flattery, was fond of 
repre.'-sing vanity in others, overheard this remark, and immedi- 
ately replied, in a voice that had not grown musical with much 
cultivation, 

"Indeed! you are a beautiful and wonderful animal, truly. 
But of what use, pray, is your long neck? You might feed, it 
is true, upon the tree tops, but this is a prairie country, and you 
will be obliged to stoop very low to eat grass with the useful 
animals you see around you. There is no shelter which is tall 
enough to accommodate your highness, andj'ou will be obliged 
therefore, to rem i in out of doors during the cold nights Your 
immense strength is not available lor drawing loads or bearing 
burdens, you can therefore be of no use to man except as a 
curiosity for the vulgar crowd to look at. There remains only 
your speckled hide on which you can felicitate yourself, and 
that, I doubt not, will one day be stripped from you, stufied, 
and placed in a museum, a proper reward for your vanity and 
conceit." 

Thus spake the ass, and the remaining animals turned away, 
fully convinced that those graces and accomplishments which 
unfit their possessor for the practical duties of life are worse 
than useless. — Selected. 



XjITOTXjE IPE-ET. 



Only beginning the journey, 
Many a mile to go; 

Little feet, how they patter, 
Wandering to and fro. 



Father of all, oh guide them — 

The pattering little feet — 
While they are treading the up-hill road, 

Braving the dust and heat. 

Aid them when they grow weary, 
Keep them in pathways blest, 

And when the journey's ended, 
Savior, oh give them rest. 



Little by little the bird builds her nest. 




\^ 



36 



j-u-v:E]isriLE insrsTi^TJGToiEe. 









SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1869. 



A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPIER 



9^2 



FIVE of the brethren of our company had traveled to this 
point in two wagons. Their names were: Henry W. Big- 
ler, James Keeler, Thomas Whittle, Joseph Peck and Peter 
Hoagland. They had two animals apiece, and they resolved to 
leave their wngons here and pack through. To travel with 
wagons in company with a pack train is not very pleasant on a 
good road; but we were going to travel on a route over which 
DO wagon had ever er'^ssed that we knew any thing about, there- 
fore, it was deemed wisdom for these brethren to change their 
mode of traveling. 

We turned back up the Beaver to the point where we first 
crossed it and then struck oiF on the Spanish trail to Little Salt 
Lake valley. The company of wagons, of which Captain Hunt 
was the pilot, also took this route. At Red creek, about where 
Paragoonah now stands, we took leave of Brothers Addison 
Pratt, James S. Brown and Hiram H. Blackwell, who remained 
with the train of wagons. Some of the men from the wagons 
were desirous of traveling with us; but their horses were poor 
and they had only enough to pack without any to ride. A com- 
mittee from our company examined their outfit, and decided it 
was unsuitable. It was a duty we owed to ourselves to see that 
none should join us who had not good animals and enough of 
them; for it their horses should fail the company would have 
to tarry them and their provisions; we could not leave them on 
the deserts. But these men were resolved to travel with us 
any how; they said they could walk themselves and their horses 
could carry their packs. 

Already there was a diversity of opinion among the members 
of the company about the best manner of treating the Indians, 
and of traveling. Brother Rich heard enough to show him 
that something should be done to check this division of senti- 
ment. He called us together one evening and told us that he 
wanted to know whether we were to be governed by all the luen 
in the company, by one-half, or by one man. He thought it 
necessary that this should be understood Kelore we went any 
further. We were about to enter upon a new route, and, to be 
safe, union must prevail. There should be a head to dictate. 
As Latter-day Saints there was but one way that we could travel 
and be prospered, and all were in favor of that way: we were 
all willing to be controled by him. 

It was the last day of October, and we had a fine rain. At 
home with houses, or even covered wagons to sleep in we would 
not have minded it; but we had neither. Our covering, was the 
heavens; we did not have even a lent to shelter us. It rained 
when we laid down, and when we arose in the morning our bed- 
ding and clothing were thoroughly soaked. We concluded that, 
however pleasant packing might be in fine weather, it was far 
from being agreeable when it stormed. 

On the first of November we left the trail and struck ofl" on 
the cut-off. The morning was fine when we started. We 
crossed a ridge to the westward and after traveling about a mile 
crossed a small spring branch, then crossed a number of ridges. 
In passing through a cedar grove we found two or three Indian 



wick-e-ups very comfortably made out of cedar limbs and tops. 
They had not long been untenanted. We saw a gap in the 
mountains to the south west of where we were; in making for 
it we crossed a valley diagonally several miles in width. In the 
meantime we could see that a storm was in progress in the 
mountains, and when we reached the gap it was still storming. 
We traveled up the dry bed of a creek and over some spurs, 
the rain descending heavily all the time. It was so cold that 
we had to dismount and walk. Even then our animals had a 
hard time, the ground was so miry. We walked along without 
speaking, each of us alsorbed in his own reflections, which 
probably were not very pleasant, for the rain beat in our faces 
and we were very cold, and, with our bedding and everything 
we had, were thoroughly drenched. It was a very acceptable 
sight, there'ore, when after traveling about fifteen miles we, to- 
wards night, came to some rocks containing caves, which we 
named thj Rocks of Refuge. As we stopped, the rain ceased, 
and we soon had large fires burning, before which we dried our 
clothes and bedding, and made ourselves as comfortable as we 
could. We had no idea of obtaining sueh good quarters for the 
night, and cheerfulness took the place of our former gloomy 
feelings. 

The next morning we traveled for a long distance up the dry 
bed of the creek which we struck the day before. AVe called 
it Dry Sandy. We passed a small stream, impregnated with 
iron which sinks in the bed of the Sandy; also a beautiful 
spring which was on our left. About three miles from the 
spring, in a south-westerly direction, we came to a narrow pass 
in a kunyon, and found plenty of water which arose and sunk 
within about three hundred yards distance. Up to this point, 
I find my journal says, the valley afforded plenty of feed and 
good land; the mountains had no timber that we could see but 
cedar and .Tcrub pine; sage also grew on them. Traveling some 
distance further we came to what we called the dividing ridge 
of the Great Basin, where the water instCL-J of flowing into the 
Basin, as all our creeks and rivers do in this part of the terri- 
tory, runs into the Pacific ocean. Considerable snow had fallen 
on this ridge during the night, and some still remained. We 
then went down a large kanyon until we came to a place which 
some of the company called the Devil's Offset. 

My horse ''Croppy" had been gradually failing for some days. 
To-day he failed so much that he did not keep up with the 
company, consequently I was left behind. There were two of 
the brethren, however, who would not leave me — Brothers Jos. 
Cain and Henry W. Bigler. When we came to this Offset we 
were alone. The trail which the company had made led direct- 
ly to it; but here they had stopped; they had found it impossi- 
ble to ijass there, and they had scattered in every direction to 
find a better route. We were very much puzzled to tell which 
way they had gone. After searching some time we at last got 
on their trail again. They had gone back about a quarter of a 
mile, and made a circuit over the hills to the southward for 
about three miles, and reached the same kanyon about one hund- 
red yards below the Offset. After we got into the kanyon 
again we hoped to see the camp fires at every point we rounded; 
for it began to grow dark, and we had to watch closely to keep 
the trail But we, finally, began to think that we would have 
to camp for if we kept on in the dark we would lose the trail 
of the company and wander out of our way. We were, there- 
fore, gladdened when Bro. Bigler, who was ahead, shouted that 
he smelt the camp. I presume that we must have been half a 
mile distaiit from the camping ground at the time. You may 
think it strange that he should be able to know by his nose at 
that distance that the camp was not far off. But in a kanyon 
the currents of air are confined to it, and the smell of the aige 
brush, of which the company built their fires, and which is very 
strong, was carried towards us. We found Capt. Smith's com- 



(^^ 




GTTJ^EISriLE IltTSTI^TJOTOI^ 




pany and ours encamped ui)on a plat containing about fifty 
acres of grass, at the lower end ot which we found some good 
springs. There was an Indian lods;e found close to the camp. 
It had been deserted by the Indians when they saw us coming- 
for they had been seen in the distance and the fire had just been 
covered up. 

(To he Continued.) 



LO^E IS TSIE BEST 



ONCE two little boys were on their way to school. They 
were brothers, and their names were John and Fiank. 
John was the older of the two, and he liked to rule Frank by 
sharp words; but Frank did not like to be ruled in that way. 

"Come on— quicker, quicker. What a slow coaeh you are!" 
said John. 

"It is not late, and the day is hot," said Frank. 

"I tell you I want to get to school in time to clean out my 
desk," said John. "Come you shall come." 

And then John tried to pull Frank along by main force; but, 
the more John pulled, the more Frank made up his mind not 
to yield. 

While the dispute went on, they came to a place in the road 
where a man was trying to make a horse pull a great load of 
stones. The horse stopped to rest when the man began to beat 
him. 

This the horse did not like, for he had fried to do his best; so 
he stood stock still. In vain did the man lay on tlie lush: the 
horse would not start. In vain did the man swear at him: the 
horsfl did not mind his oaths. 

Just then a young man eame up, and said to the man with 
the load of stones, "Why do you treat a good, brave horse in 
that way? He would pull lor you till he died, if you would 
only treat him kindly. iStand aside, and let me show you how 
to treat a good horse.'' 

So the man stood aside; and the young man went up, and put 
his arm round the neck of the horse, and patted him on the 
back, and said, "Poor old fellow! it was too bad to lash you so, 
when you were doing your best, and just stopped a moment to 
take breath." 

And so the young man soothed the poor beast, by kind words 
and soft pats with his hand; and then said to him, 

"Now, good old horse, see what you can do! Come, sir, we 
have only a few steps more to the top of the hill. Gt't up now. 
8how that you will do for love what you would not do for iiate." 

The horse seemed to know what was said to him, for he start- 
ed off at a strong, brisk pace, and was soon at the top of the hill. 

"There, my good friend," said the young man to the driver, 
"I hope you see now that love is the best force;.that even beasts 
will do for you, when you are kind, what they will not do when 
you are harsh." 

John heard all these words, and they set him to thinking. 
At last he said to Frank: 

"It is a hot day, Frank; and it is not late. Let us walk 
through the lane to school." 

"No John," said Frank, "I will take the short cut, and will 
walk just as fast as you want me to; so, come on." _ 

"Frank," said John, "love is better than hate-^isn't it?" 

"Oh, yes, a thousand times better!" cried Frank. 

As chance would have it, they that day read in school a fable, 
two thousand years old, which I will now tell you. 

The North wind and the Sun had a dispi'te as to who could 
show the more strength. They agreed that the one who could 
first strip a man of bis cloak should be the victor. 

First the iNorth wind triea its strength; he blew, and blew, 
with all his might; but blow as hard as he could, he could not 
do much. The man drew his cloak around him more and more 
tight; he would not let it be torn from him. So at last the 
North wind gave up the tug, and called on the Sun to see what 
he could do. The Sun shone out with all its warmth. The 
man could not bear the heat; he soon grew so warm that he had 
to take off his cloak; and so the Sun became the winner in the 
trial. Love has more strength than hate. — Udected, 



I 2Sr 3D XJ S T I?. Y B E T T Ei S. 
TH^A^ISr I TD Xj E 3Sr E S S . 




IDLE moments, idle thoughts. Busy hands pleasant thoughts. 
Now, which of these is the better, my little readers, to be 
idle, or industrious? Ah! I do not have to wait long for an 
answer, for I think I hear you siying: I would rather be indus- 
trious and useful than to spend my time in idleness. I would 
not be like the sluggard, but like the busy little ant that teaches 
such a lesson of industry and perseverance. How about these 
little girla in 
the engrav- 
ing? Do they 
look as tho' 
they had idle 
hands and 
idle thoughts 
or busy 
hands and 
pleasant 
t h u g hts? 
We can very 
easily guess 
that they are 
an industri- 
ous company 

of little girls, perhaps a little Female Relief Society. They all 
seem to be so busy at work, and look so happy and contented, 
that they must be doing good of some kind. Two of them 
seem to be reciting their lessons while the rest are sewing. 

They must be organized into a little Society and have met to- 
gether to make clothes for some little poor children in their 
neighborhood. If this is what they are met for, they are not 
only doing good in relieving the wants of the destitute; but they 
arc improving themselves in learning to sew, and will grow up 
good and useful women. 

I once knew two little girls whose names were Mary and 
Amelia, whose mother taught them to sew when quite j'oung. 
They were scarcely more than three years of age, when they 
took their first lesson in sewing. They were first set to sewing 
patchwork for bed quilts. Their mother would get two kinds 
of pretty calico and cut and fix it, and they would sew it. She 
was a good, kind mother, and wished to see her little girls grow 
up useful women. She would give them so much to do each 
day, and when that was done they could play. Thus t!.;ey went 
on finishing their little stint each day, and by the time they 
were six years old they each had enough patchwork for two 
quilts. This seems a good deal for such little girls to accom- 
plish; but I fear if it had not been for their mother they would, 
not have done so much, for they did not always accept their lit- 
tle tasks pleasantly and with cheerful faces. Their mother 
would sometimes have to talk to them and scold them, before 
they would finish their work. She had a pleasant way of say- 
ing: "come, girls, it is ten o'clock," (or it is three o'clock) "now 
see if you cannot get your block all done nicely and put away 
in half an hour." 

One day she gave Amelia her work as usual; but instead of 
taking it and finishing it as she should have done, shu took it 
from her mother's hands in a very unpleasant manner, and went 
and sat down by the window. A frown was upon her face, and 
a pout upon her lips, and the work lay untouched in her lap. 
Her mother did not say anything to her for a long time, but let 
her have her own way. Then she said, "Amelia, have you 
got your sewing nearly done?" But all the answer she got was 
that unpleasant look. 

Another hour slipped by, and still the work lay in her lap 
without a stitch in it, and her mother concluded that she had 



i^ 







j-TJ^EnsriLE xi<T &rr:RU a TOTt. 



■^^^m 



had her own way long enough; so she told her to take her work 
and go up stairs, and when she had finished it, she could come 
down. She did not dare to disohey, therefore she did as she 
was bid; but still that same bad spirit was with her, and she 
thought her mother very unkind to punish her so. 

When she had been up stairs long enough to have finished 
her work the mother again asked her if she had it done. "No," 
she said. ''Very well, you can stay up there all night if you do 
not finish it." Aftor this all was still; nothing was heard from 
Amelia. The sun was almost down and her mother concluded 
she must have fallen asleep. She went up to see, and there 
■was her little girl sitting by a pile of old clothes in the corner. 

"What are these clothes piled up here for?" "That's my 
bed," said Amelia She had let the bad spirit get the mastery 
over her, and was determined not to finish her work, and had 
got all the old clothes she could find and made herself a bed of 
them, intending to pass the night up stairs. Her mother went 
down without saying another word. Amelia looked out of the 
■window and saw that the sun was almost hid behind the trees, 
and then she began to think. She told the old, bad spirit to go 
away that she did not want any thing more to do with him, 
she ■was going to finish her ■work before dark; and so she did, 
and the candles were just being lit when she went down and 
presented her patchwork all finished to her mother. 

What a little task it was after all, and how much better it 
■would have been for her to have done it in the first place. Lit- 
tle children must learn that their parents know best what is for 
their good and when they have a little task to perform, accept 
it cheerfully and willingly, and by diligence and patience they 
can soon accomplish it; and they will always feel better by ren 
dering obedience to those who are placed over them than in try- 
ing to have their own way and being stubborn and wilful. 

Ramtha. 



JOSEi^s: iisr :EG-irFn:. -(.continued.) 

EGYPT was greatly blessed in having a servant of God as 
her chief ruler under King Pharaoh during the plenty 
■which prevailed. lie knew what steps to take to have the 
abundant crops prove an advantage to the land. Had he not 
been in power there would doubtless have been great waste; but 
he never forgot the future. Grain must have been very cheap 
in those days. Two or three years' good crops usually brings 
down the price of grain in every land; but there were unusually 
good crops in Egypt lor seven years in succession. Under such 
circumstances it is likely the people were improvident and care- 
less. The future would claim but little of their attention; they 
\90uld live for the present alone. It was at this time that 
Joseph's superiority was apparent. He exhibited the greatness 
of his wisdom to good advantage. The people, having plenty 
of grain, were ready to sell, and they found in Joseph a ready 
purchaser. He gathered up all the grain there was to spare in 
every part of the land, and stored it up in the cities. He must 
have had immense granaries in all the large centres of popula- 
tion throughout the land of Egypt; for it is written that he 
gathered grain as the sand of the sea; he obtained it in such 
quantities that he left off keeping an account of it! 

The Lord was merciful to Egypt in giving King Pharaoh the 
dreams which foretold the seven years of plenty, and the seven 
years of famine which were to follow. He had the authority 
necessary to sustain Joseph in taking the measures which he 
did 10 prepare for the years when the disastrous failure of crops, 
for seven seasons in succession, would make food more valuable 
than gold or any other substance, however precious. If Joseph 
bad been the only person unto whom God had revealed his pur- 
poses, it would have required great faith on the part of Phara- 



oh and his people to have stored up food, one year after another 
for seven years, in readiness for a time of scarcity which would 
then commence. 

It was as Joseph had foretold. The seven years of plenty 
at last were ended, and then commenced the seven years of 
f'earcity. Now came the evidences that he was a servant of the 
living God. The time had come for Pharaoh and his people 
to receive the reward for their kindness unto the young Hebrew, 
who, though a prisoner and a slave, had told them the designs 
of the Almighty. Not only in Egypt was there a dearth of 
food; but it was felt in all lands. In Egypt only, however, was 
there a Joseph to supply their wants. Gaunt famine raged, 
and who cm tell the number of its victims? The Egyptians 
themselves began to starve. Hunger pinched them, and they 
cried to Pharaoh for bread. He very properly referred them to 
Joseph. "Go unto Joseph," said he; "what he saith to you, 
do." Joseph opened all the storehouses and sold food to the 
Egyptians. The people of the countries round about also came 
unto him to buy bread, and he was able to relieve their wants. 

There had been no communication between Joseph and his 
father, Jacob, and his brothers all this time. He had been as 
one dead to them. The fame of Egypt's wise ruler had doubt- 
less reached them; but they little suspected that he was Joseph. 
Pharaoh had bestowed another name upon him, by which he 
was known. There was nothing, therefore, about him or hia 
history, that they could learn, which would establish the least 
connection between the powerful prime minister of Egypt and 
the boy who had been sold as a slave to the Ishmaelites. But, 
as we have told you in previoi^s number?, Joseph had been 
hated and persecuted by his brothers because of his dreams. 
Now, however, the time had come for these dreams to be ful- 
filled, a result that the brothers little dreamed of then. 

To bring about his purposes, doubtless, the Lord had suffered 
Jacob to be overtaken by want. Away in Canaan, where he 
and his children dwelt, famine had made its appearance. They 
were threatened with death, for they had no food. But Jacob 
had heard that there was grain for sale in Egypt, and he told 
his boys that they must go and purchase enough to keep them 
from starvation. Ten oi them started; but the eleventh, the 
youngest, whose name was Benjamin, the son of Rachel, 
Joseph's mother, Jacob kept at home. He was afraid to let 
him go so far away from him, lest he should receive harm. 
When they reached Egypt they had to see Joseph before they 
could get what they wanted. The moment he saw them he 
knew them. They were the simple shepherds he had left them; 
older but otherwise unchanged. It is not surprising that they could 
not recognize in the dignified and powerful prince, surrounded by 
dependents, the object of deference and homage, who moved 
amid the grandeur of a court with ease and grace and the look 
and step of conscious power, the boy whom they had so cruelly 
wronged and sold into slavery? Patiently he had waited for 
years for the fulfilment of the dreams God had given him. At 
last the hour had come. What a host of emotions must have 
crowded upon him at that moment! But he controled himself. 
He spoke as a stranger in his position mi/iht have done to men 
of their class and country. He asked them roughly where they 
were from. They replied that they were from Canaan, and they 
had come to buy food. But he charged them with being spies, 
and said they had come there to see the nakedness of the land. 
This, of course, they strongly denied. They said they were the 
sons of one man, and the youngest was with their father and 
another was dead. He thieatened them with imprisonment if 
to prove their statements, they did not bring their youngest 
brother to Egypt, and, toshow he was in earnest, he kept them 
confined three days. He then proposed to them that if they 
were true men, one of their number should be bound and re- 
main in Egypt, until the remainder should carry grain to their 
families and bring back their youngest brother. 



Is3^ 



»=«^^ 



0" TJ "V E IT I H, E IITSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



Picture to }'ourselves the distress of these nienl They were 
far from their home, in the midst of a strange land and people, 
and suspected of being spies, and the Governor was determined 
to keep one of their number as a hostage for their return! 
Well might they ask themselves what they had done to bring 
upon them this troublel When men, who believe in divine 
providence, are overtaken by misfortune they examine their 
past lives to find out, if possible, why they should be suffered 
to fall into difiiculty. Every word and action they have ever 
spoken or done comes vividly and clearly to their minds. Thus 
it was with these sons of Jacob. They recollected their brother 
Joseph's anguish of soul when he besought them for mercy 
and they would not hear him, and they began to reproach them 
selves for their cruelty to him. They now felt that punishment 
for their criminal conduct was overtaking them. To add to 
their anguish Reuben reproached them for not listening to his 
entreaties to not sin against the child, Joseph: he told them 
hat his blood was required of them. 

They little thought that he who stood near them, and whose 
suspicions they were so desirous to allay, was Joseph. They 
did not suppose that he could understand them, for he had con- 
versed with them through an interpreter. But he was so 
deeply touched by what he heard that he had to go aside and 
weep. On his return he tock Simeon from them and bound 
him in their presence. Then he had their sacks filled with 
grain, and, without their knowledge, he had the money they 
paid for it tied in the mouth of each man's sack; he had pro- 
visions given them for the journey and they started homeward. 
The finding of the money in their sacks frightened them; they 
thought it would be another cause of trouble for them, and 
they asked one another: "What is this taht God has done 
unto us?" 

(To be Continued. ) 



giopit^ly. 






THE 



OT satisfied that Joseph should escape the 
violence of his enemies in Mis.'^ouri, the 
mobocrats of Carthage and other places in 
Hancock county held a meeting at the 
Court House, in Carthage, on the 19th of 
August, 1842, and appointed a committee 
to report resolutions for the action of the 
meeting. This committee asked to be dis- 
charged from further duties; but recom- 
mended that a committee of six be ap- 
pointed to draft resolutions and make a report 
to an adjourned meeting. This committee was 
appointed and was composed of the following- 
named men: Walter Bagley, F. J. Bartlett, Ste- 
phen Owen, Stephen H. Tyler, Valentine Wil- 
son and Joel Weston. The meeting then adjourned. 
The Missourians having been foiled in their attempt 
to get Joseph into their power, these men were en- 
raged. They could not bear the idea that he should 
thus triumph over them. They were determined to band them 
selves together and enter into an organization to keep alive th 
spirit of mobocracy andjhatred against the people of God. 
At the adjourned meeting, which was held on the 6th Of 





September, the committee presented a long preamble and reso- 
lutions. They were written in the most vindictive language and 
filled with misrepresentations and falsehoods. In one of the res- 
olutions they pledged themselves in the most determined man- 
ner to stand ready to aid in capturing Joseph if the authorities 
of the State of Missouri should make another demand for him, 
and the Governor of Illinois should issue another warrant for 
bis arrest. They also pledged themselves, in the event of a 
collision, to stand by and support each other in every emergency 
up to the death. Committees wore arpointed in the several 
precincts of the county, who were to maintain a correspondence 
with a central corresponding committee at Carthage. JNot only 
did they try to organize themselves in an effect ve manner; but 
they recommended all the surrounding counties to appoint com- 
mittees similar to those they had chosen, for the purpose of 
carrying on a crusade against Joseph and the Saints. The 
crowning aet of infamy, however, was a resolution requesting 
the president of the meeting to communicate with the Govern- 
or of Jlissouri and ask him to make another demand upon the 
authorities of Illinois for the body of Joseph; also offering their 
services and pledging themEtlvcs to enforce the order for his 
arrest. 

The feeling of disappointment among the wicked at Joseph's 
escape from the trap they had placed for him, was universal. 
They were indignant, and if it had not been so serious a matter, 
it would have been amusing to hear these notorious robbers and 
law-breakers talk about Joseph violating the law, and how sa- 
credly it ought to be maintained. They would like to have had 
him caught in its toils. They could raise mobs, destroy prop- 
erty, diive men and women from their homes, rob them of 
everything of value, and even shoot them down as they would 
wild beasts, and that would be all right; that is, they thought 
so. But when Joseph was met by his friends and escorted into 
Nauvoo, and claimed the writ of habeas corpm and a fair trial, 
then they could talk grandly about the majesty of the law, and 
how wicked it was to interfere with its operation; it was very 
wrong, they said, for men to leave Nauvoo to find Joseph and 
to ride back with him. 

Reynolds, upon his return to Missouri, gave such an account 
of the manner in which he was defeated in his purpose to carry 
off Joseph as to convey the idea that he had been badly treat- 
ed by Joseph and his friends. Some persons in that Slate talked 
about holding the whole State of Illinois responsible for the 
treatment of Reynolds and the release of Joseph; and they even 
threatened that, if Illinois failed to deliver him up, there wou'd 
be something serious between the States. Missouri, they said, 
would have Joseph Smith for trial, or do all the Constitution 
would allow to restrict the intercourse between the eitizens of 
Illinois and Missouri. But this was all bombast. They knew 
they had not the shadow of an excuse for their attempts to ar- 
rest and drae him off to Missouri; this, "and the knowledge of 
their own crimes, for which they deserred the sercrest punish- 
ment, caused them to feel weak, and itwas the last open at- 
tempt they made to get Joseph into their hands. 

The course which Sidney Rigdon took was not such as to 
please Joseph. He felt that he could not sustain such a man 
as his counsellor, and he wished to drop him, and told a public 
congregation of the Saints about this time that he was a mass 
of corruption and he would carry him no longer. It was re- 
ported that Rigdon had had interviews with GoTernor Thomas 
Carlin and others with the view to conspire with them to have 
Joseph arrested and delivered into the hands of the Missouri- 
atis. Rigdon denied this, und said that he had never exchanged 
words with any man living upon that subject. At the October 
Conference his case was brought up before the people. Joseph 
told them that he was dissatisfied with him as a counsellor, as 
he had not received any material benefit from his labors or coun- 




TUVEn^iLEi i3^sti?.tjcto:r. 



sels from the time of their escape from Missouri. He related 
a number of circumstances which had produced this dissatisfac- 
tion. Sidney Kigdon then spoke at considerable length in his 
own defense. He appealed to the sj-mpathies of Joseph and 
his hearers, and not without effect upon the latter, for they 
were deeply moved. But Joseph's confidence was not restored 
by his remarks; he, judging from their past intercourse, could 
have.no faith in his integrity and steadfastness. Joseph's 
brother, Hyrum, plead for mercy, as also did Elders Almon W. 
Babbitt, and William Law, who was Joseph's other counsellor. 
William Marks, who was then acting President of that Stake 
of Zion, moved that Sidney Rigdon be permitted to retain his 
station as counsellor to Joseph. This motion was carried. 
Joseph afterwards arose and said: 

"1 have thrown him oif my shoulders, and you have again 
put him on me. You may carry him, but I will not." 

A short time after the Conference Joseph delivered a dis- 
course in which he gave the people instructions respecting the 
policy they should pursue to be self-sustaining. It would an- 
swer for the present times, and reads like a discourse of Presi- 
dent Young's: 

"I think there are too many merchants among you. I would 
like to see more wool and raw materials instead of manufact- 
ured goods, and the money be brought here to pay the poor* 
for uianutacturinK goods. 

"Instead of going abroad to buy goods, lay your money out 
in the country, and buy grain, cattle, lias, wool, and work it 
up yourselves. 

"i proolaim, in the name of the Lord God Almiglity, that I will 
foUowship nothing in the Church but virtue, integrity, and 
uprightness. 

"We cannot build up a city on merchandise. I would not run 
after the merchants. I would sow a little flax, if I had but a 
garden spot, and make clothing of it." 



Sitlrcl(& godr^» 



¥ 



-WH:ER.E'S -Mll^ B.A.BY? 




Where's my babv? where's my baby? 

But a little while ago. 
In my arms 1 hold one fondly, 

Anil a rnbe of lengthened flow 
Covered little knees so dimpled, 

And each pink and chubby toe. 

Where's my baby? I remember 

Now about the shoes so red, 
Peeping from his shortened dresses, 

And the bright curls on his head: 
Of the little teeth, so pearly! 

And the lirst sweet words he said. 

Where's my baby? In the door yard 

Is a boy with shingled hair, 
AVhittling, as he tries to whistle, 

With a big boy's manly air; 
With his pants within his boot tops, 

But my baby is not there. 

Where's my baby? Ask that urchin, 

IjCt me hear what ho will say. 
"Where's your Iniby, ma?" ho questioned, 

Witu a roguish look and way; 
"Guess he's grown to be a boy, now, 

Big enougli to work and play." 

Where's my baby? where's my baby? 

Ah! the years tly on apace! 
Yesterday I held and kissed it, 

In its loveliness and grace; 
But, to-morrow, sturdy manhood 

Takes the little baby's place. 




AN ELEPHANT NURSING A BABY.— It seems that 
the elephant has been taught to take care of babies. A gentle- 
man who spent some twelve years in India says: "I have seen 
a woman give a young child to an elephant to take care of while 
she went about some other business. It amused me not a little 
to see the sagacity and care of the unwieldy nurse. Tho child, 
who, like most children, did not care to lie still long in one po- 
sition, as soon as it was left to itself, W9uld begin creeping about 
on the ground. Sometimes it would get entangled among the 
legs of the elephant or in the branches of the trees upon which 
the animal was feeding; when the elephant, in the most tender 
manner, would relieve the little one, either by lifting it out of 
the way with his trunk, or by removing the obstacles to its 
progress. If the child crept to such a distance as to get almost 
out of the reach of the animal — for he was confined by a chain 
— he would stretch out his trunk and lift the infant back, as 
gently as possible, to the spot from which it had strayed." 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

C H: JL lE^ -A. ID E . 



BY ELIZABETH L. BARFOOT, 



I am a word of seven letters. 

My 2, 5, 2, 3, 1, will startle you. 

My 4, 6, 5, 5, 6, is a lady, 

My 2, 3, 2, 4, is a native of Asia. 

My 2, 4, 3, 2, 1, is the name of a Patriarch. 

My 4, 3, 2, 1, 4, 5, 6, is a thorny shrub. 

My 7, 2, 4, 5, 6, is worn by ladies. 

My 5, 2, 7, 7, is a young girl. 

My 4, 6, 2, 3, is a wild animal. 

My whole is a favorite game with boys. 



The answer to tho Charade in No. 3. of Vol. 4, is WEST 
VIRGINIA. We received correct answers from W. W. Selk, 
Miss Chiralla E. Browning, Wm. JL Anderson, John Q. 
Cannon, Joseph S. King, Frederick C. and Joseph R. Nais- 
bitt. Aha Maria Hancock, Mary Callister, Charles Denney_and 
Geo. B. Leonard. 



3e<£0>ec 



Let not mercy- and truth forsake thee; bind them about thy 
neck; write them upon the table of thy heart. So shall thou 
find favor and good understanding in tho sight of God and 



The path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth 
more and more unto the perfect day. 'J'he way of the wicked 
is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble. 

A I'AILURE in a good cause is better than a triumph in a bad 
one. 



crTjA^iEz^irjiEi insrsTi?.TJOToi^ 

Is published iu Salt L.ikc City, Utah Territory 
KVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Sinfflc Copy, per A nnum 

Single Copy, for Six Months*- 



.$3 00 
• 150 



tS' It in expcctod where ngents forwnrd nameii they will be ronponBlble 
for the papers thus ordered; and wlien Cash payiueuts are made, they will 
please forward them with the letter eontaininp: the names of the subscribers. 

««- Ehler Wm. II. Shcarmau, Logan, will act as General Aycnt for 
Cache N'alley. 

<S- Grain brought to this City for the .Iuvicnii.k Instructor will be 
received at the oliico of our paper— DiiSiiUEj JJEWS liuiLDiKCS. . 




