
VOL. 9 



SALT LAKE CITY, SAt'UKDAY, JULY 18, 1874. 



NO. 15. 




Tiik papers 
a* the p es- 
ent i •■ a 
fall i f i ases of 
hydrophobia, 
caused by the' 
bites of dogs; 
and, in conse- 
quence, a great 
deal of alarm is 
felt in eastern 
cities. Mea - 
uiv> have been 
taken in many 
places to kill oil' 
all dogs found 
without lui;/.- 
zlc-: and th ■ 
dog which 

have ' eeu a!- 
\w.y i D ld- 
ered o i 
and proper 
companions for 
man. ar • 
unpopular and 
inn -li dl ■ 
There i with- 
ont doubt ii 1 1 ii 1 1 
an noci • 
fear in lulg ■ I 
in. I is 

'•a-\ fot I" 

i i give way t<> 
panic, whether 
ii be caused bj 
ohol 

pox or hydro- 
phobia, I! I 
we M 'i : 
ourself wl 
or it i- «* i 

have such doSC 

companion ship 
betwei 'i dog» 
and human I e 
The fash 




ion of making 
pets nf them — 
adies carrying 
hem in their 
arms and nurs- 
mr them in 
I their laps — is 
very improper 
and unnatural. 
< >nc lady in the 
I'. i i hasrecenl 
paid a severe 
penalty for this. 
Her dog, which 
she ha 1 in her 
lap, bit her 
nose and she 
died from hy- 
drophobia. 

In the revc 

I iiii n* of John 

ll'm I i hnpter 

mid 'J 1 1 verse, 

\Sm. «<• Irani that 

di are not to 
It admitti d in 
side the \ atcs 
of tlii hoi; 
Dm I 1:1. and 
H l.'iili \ crses 
i' .i I .i- li lion - 
BlcKcd are 
thej thai do 
ii- command 
d o it', thai 
1 1 1 \ inn) hn\ ■• 
i I.' i . the 
i liS' hi I 
may enter in 
lirougli i li ■ 
i into il a 
citj Km with 
• •■it in doi t 

a id 

and whoremi n 
pci rid in ii r 

I • ii i a iii 




/ 




J" TJ "V" IE 1ST I ILj IE IITSTBUCTOR. 




idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.'' It .seems 
from this that the wicked should have dogs for their compan- 
ions. 

The scene which we give in our engraving this week is one 
from oriental land-. Throughout the East, dogs are very num- 
erous. People loath an 1 treat them with contempt, and yet 
they caress and sport with them. Throughout the towns of 
Egypt and Palestine they fill the street-; by hundreds. Nobody 
owns them, everybody hates them, and yet they are petted. 
The people kick and caress them by turns; they stone them, 
and feed them. It seems surprising that a people who appear 
to hate these creatures so sincerely, do not fall in and destroy 
them; hut they do not and the dogs breed unchecked. From the 
descriptions we read of them, we imagine that they are as 
troublesome as the coyotes were in tl is Territory. The early 
settlers will remember the barking which they used to keep up 
at n'ght. We remember traveling through what is now called 
Utah County, in early days, and camping on the bench near 
wIitc now stands th< town of Spanish Fork. We placed our 
pack-saddles at the head of our bed. and we were very much 
surprised the next morning to find that the coyotes had stolen 
upinthenig d the raw-hide straps off the saddles. 

In some cities of the east numerous homele.-scurs keep up a 

■ . inual balking through tin- night. The dogs in our picture 

hear s' me ren ml Ian > to a coyote, and thej an' ("escribed as 

v- 'an and wolfish. Men and women sometimes listlessly 

I they -it i:i the sunshine to lure to their side 

til ous, snarling animals in order to see 

i; in our engraving has been quite 

ful in i ting threi to cat his bread. 



S TJ 3ST ID J^. IT SCHOOL 

-^Dvniisr^Tioiisr. 



ieix: 




One of ilc teachers of the Sixteenth Ward Sunday Sehocl 
has kindly favored as with the following report of an occa- 
sion of some interest in that school for publication: 

On Sunday. June "Jl-t. in the Sixteenth Ward, occurred an 

asion of peculiar interest to the friends of the Sunday 

School movement, now beginning to assume its true importance 

among US, an ai out id' which T think will please your readers. 

After the usual opening exercises, Miss Hattie Lawson recited 
the Lord's Prayer. Master Robert Taylor recited the Ten ( !om- 
mandments. The school was then catechised in the juvenile 
catechism, the questions being answered by almost every child 
present. Chap. xiii.. 1 Corinthians — "Though I speak with 
the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity," etc. 
— was recited by Master Thomas Biggs. The theological 

classes having 1 n catechised in a series of questions and 

answers on the history of the Prophet Joseph. Master < • 'ge 

Tall recited Ia'ah chap. liii. — "Who hath 1 elieved our report," 

ere. 

Rewards were then presented for the various grades of excel- 
lence in committing the questions and answers. 

In ih- juvenile and theological catechisms and Juvenile 
[nstrui tor, the Ten Commandments, also for regularityin 

attendance and good deportment. 

The prizes consisted of the Autobiography of Parley P. 
Pi .it, hymn book- and such other church works as could be 

i b ai 1 together with New Testaments, histories, biographies 

and other valuable publications adapted to the respective ages 
of the children. The first prize, Autobiography of Parley P. 
Pratt, costing $3.00, was awarded to all who were found perfect 

the theological catechism, eon-i-ting of nearly one hundred 



questions on the history of the Prophet Joseph, the questions 
and answers contained in the six first numbers of the present 
volume Juvenile Instructor, and in their attendance and 
deportment. The total number of questions and answers 
required to be committed by the theological and New Testa- 
ment classes amounted to about six hundred. 

Every scholar received something. A few handsome cards 
were distributed to the infant class. With this exception, the 
presents were a substantial memento of merit and its reward. 
Their total cost was about $135,00. 

After the awarding of prizes, Mr.ster David S. Emery very 
happily delivered the following 

ADDRESS. 



Beloved Parents and Friends: 

We greet you joyfully on this beautiful morning, 
this day of rest, blessed and hallowed by the God of our fathers. 
And our young hearts well up with thanksgiving to God when 
we are reminded of His wonderful goodness toward us. Was 
there ever, since the world was made, a hand of children more 
favored than those who listen to these humble words of mine 
to-day? "What bath not God our Father done for us? 

Hath II" not brought us upon the earth in the most glorious of 
all the age-, even the latter days, the time to which the greatest 
ami best of men have looked C.rward with inspired delight— 
"Which kings and prophets waited for. 
But died without the sight." 

Hath lie not gh en us our birth upon this most free and happy 
land, the land of promised Zion? 

Hath He net specially blest us in selecting for us parents whose 
love of truth disposed them to obey the everlasting gospel, undis- 
mayed by tlie reproaches of the ungodly'.' 

How blest and how honored are we! Words fail to express the 
loving kindness and condescension of the Lord unto us. How 
cheering the thought that we, who are assembled here to-day 

° . . 3 

form a part of that throng of intelligent and noble spirits reserved 
in the heavens to come and take bodies in the latter days! Oh, 
yes, God has placed us here. We are not here by chance. 

How different would have been our lot, had we been born among 
the Hindoos, where children are thrown into the jaws cf croco- 
diles, to please a wooden god; or, among the Bedouin Arabs, 
where the boys have no god but a fleet horse, and the girls are 
bought and sold as merchandise, or, among the Indians of the 
plains and mountains, whose departure lrom the true and living 
God has made them loathsome to look upon; or, among the 
natives of the Pacific isles, where the highest aim of boys is to 
become expert swimmers, and the pride of the girls is to wear a 
string of sea shells or a brass ring in the nose; or, among the 
cannibals, where human flesh is better relished than roast beef, 
plum pudding, or even Christinas turkey. 

Besides the opportunities afforded us of storing our minds with 
knowledge by study at school and by reading good books, and 
becoming cultivated in the knowledge of arts and sciences or 
skilled in useful industry, we have also this most precious of all 
privileges for youth, the Sunday School. 

England, with all her majesty and intelligence, has nothing like 
our Sunday Schools; nor has any other part of America such as 
are found here in I'lah. Theirs may be lilted up with fountains, 
nie-! furniture ami warm carpets, ami have the walls decorated 
with mottoes and text- of Scripture in red, blue, and gilt, as tire 
many of the Sunday Schools in the Eastern States. All these are 
well enough; but ah! like the excellent youth who came to Jesus, 
one thing yet is lacking there, and that is, the inspiration of the 
Holy Ghost. 

My dear young associates in the Sunday School, let us prize 
above all the treasures of the earth the blessed boon of an hour's 
instruction in the ways of life by men endowed with the holy 
priesthood and the testimony of Jesus, on each holy Sabbath 

morning. Let us 1 ncouraged by the costly rewards so kindly 

presented us to-day. to greater attention to our lessons, promptness 





cr tj -v e i\r x l e iitstbuctor 



171 




and uniformity' in attendance and profound respect for the super- 
intendent and teachers of our Sunday School. 

Our parents and friends we are sure will not "view us with a 
critic's eye" on this the first public examination of our Sunday 
School; and, while we have cause for gratification at the progress 
we have exhibited before you, we hope to merit, on any similar 
occasion in future, yet fuller approbation. 

To our esteemed Superintendent and Teachers, the tribute of 
gratitude will ever flow freely from warm hearts for the love that 
has moved you to this voluntary labor, that in our youth we 
might be taught the truth and become wise unto life and exalta- 
tion. 

"Lo such the child whose infant feet 

The paths of peace have trod ; 
Whose secret heart, with influence sweet, 
Is upward drawn to God." 

We thank you for your kind indulgence, and ask our Father in 
Heaven, in the name of Jesus to bless you all. 

On the request of Bishop Kesler, County Superintendent 
George Goddard addressed the school in his usual attractive 
manner. 

The young ladies of the theological classes presented Superin- 
tendent Emery with two handsome musical volumes, as a token 
of their esteem: a feeling reciprocated by every member of 
the school; which he accepted with suitable acknowledgement. 

It is to be regretted that many parents evince so little interest 
in the instruction of their children in the principles of our holy 
religion. While faithful, self-denying men can be found 
disposed to devote a portion of the Sabbath hour- to the 
spiritual welfare of the youth of the Saints, should not their 
unostentatious labors merit at least the approval of an occasional 
presence of parents, and their warmest co-operation? 

Our Sunday school has a total attendance of nearly three 
bundled. We hold the Juvenile Instructor in high esteem; 
and have systematized our texts books and mode of teachings 
as to exclude all secular works aid confine ourselves to the 
principles and precepts of the gospel. 







i'i:i. 




^ZEL.A.SQ.TTIrllZ — IMHTIRIXjIjO- 

From Chambers' Miscellany. 

Dm space pe mit. biographic sketches and anecdotes of 
many other painters of eminence might be given. Among 
the great artists left unnoticed are Tintoretto and Rembrandt, 
Van Dyck, eminent for bis portraits, Rubens, the great 

master of the Flemish eel I of painting, and ( !laude-l telee of 

Lorraine, whose landscapes are of unsurpassed beauty, mighl 
well also find a place in our 1 i — t . Lastly, we might selecl for 
notice Velasquez and Murillo, who unitedly gave the highest 
reputation to Spanish art. 

Velasquez (.born 1599) rose, like all great painters, by an 
earnest Belf-dependence and study of nature. In this latter 
respect his tastes led him towards the grotesque. He painted 

peasants at their upations. beggars lounging about the citj , 

and natural objects, to all of which his pencil gave truth and 
vividness, whatever mighl he said of the subjects, There isa 
picture of his. painted af this time, representing a ragged old 
aguador, or water carrier, giving water out of his barrel to a 
boy, which is much admired. Some of his friends tried to 
persuade him to pursue a higher style of art; but Velasquez 
always replied, that, in painting, the first requisites were 

rength and fidelity, and that delicacy would follow after. 



Velasquez devoted himself to no master in particular as soon as 
he bad acquired the piactice of his art. He adopted what was 
good in the style of others: his defects were certainly his own. 
While thus educating himself for the profession he had chosen, 
the young man wisely did not neglect the cultivation of his 
mind. He read and studied deeply ; thus in the best manner 
qualifying himself for a high position in bis art. Rarely, 
indeed, does an uneducated man make a first-rate artist, what- 
ever may bo bis natural gifts. The paintings of Velasquez are 
little known in England, consisting chiefly of portraits and 
ecclesiastical pieces; but they are highly valued in his own 
country. He died in 1660. 

Murillo, the greatest of all the Spanish painters, was born at 
Seville in ir>18. He early manifested a strong taste for art, 
and having received a little instruction, he began to support 
himself by painting banners and small pictures for exportation 
to America. In that business he obtained full employment; 
but. inspired with higher desires, he resolved to go to Italy for 
improvement. His means, however, were totally inadequate 
to meet the expenses of such a journey. Yet. when does real 
genius fail in resources? Collecting all his means, he bought a 
quantity of canvas, divided it into a number of pieces, upon 
which he painted subjects of devotion and flowers, and. with 
the produce of the sale of these, set out upon his journey, 
unknown to his relation-; and friend-. On his arrival at Madrid, 
he waited on Velasquez, who treated him with the greatest 
kindness, and procured him employment of the highest kind 
He did not, therefore, require to go to Italy, but continue!', to 
work and study in his own country. Many of the pictorial 
embellishments of the Escurial and other royal palaces were by 
his band. Latterly, the cat of Murillo was brilliant. ITis 
paintings, chief) :•' ripture pie •-. are full of inexpressible 
sweetness, and are now of the ;n I value. One i 
Hue-' | ro lu : "ii< is in the gallery of \ tintin ■ at Dul 
ii mi- London rid is alone wi 1 I of art 

Murillo died in 1082, hat i liown in his life that earnest 
perseverance, along with proper natural qualifications, will 
surmount all professional, besides many other difficulties. 



Valuable Legal Advice. — A farmer ha\ inglostaquai rof 
m by a lawyer'.- dog. repaired to th .. . of the lawyer, 
and said: 

"I have come to ask a piece of advice. Suppose a dog 
carried off a leg of mutton for me, where do 1 look for the pay, 
to the dog or his master?" 

■•( )h." said the man of th ■ quill, "to the o\i a of th do 
he is resj sible for any damage the dog does you." 

"Von owe me seventj li i ii said the man. 

"Ah." said the lawyer, "then my dog did the mi-el, 
Well, there i< the money." 

The face of the man expanded with a -mile at his shrewdness, 
and he was leaving the office, when he was brought to a halt 
by the lawyer saying; 

"] have a small bill against you my frien I 

"Ah, for what .'" said the man. 

"For advice in the dog case two dollars. 

The money Was paid over, and he departed a wiser if not 

a better man, fully resolved never again to consult a lawyer in 

any case. 



Tim: cure for maladies is employment. "Be not solitary; 
be not idle!'' Rely upon it. life was not given us to be .-pent 
in dreams and reveries; but foractive, useful exertion —exertion 

that turns to Some account to yourselves and others. 





173 



JT7VE1TILE HTSTRUCTOB 




1TEEDLE-MAKI1TG. 




FOR an article of such a small and unpretending character, 
there are few manufactured goods which are the result of 
more delicate and complicate operations than the little needles 
which we use, break and throw idly aside. Especially is this 
true of sewing-machine needles, which are fast superseding the 
old hand needle, and the manufacture of which has become an 
important industry in our midst. 

To the present day the old-fashioned needles are important 
to a large extent, England profiting by the sale of some half a 
million dollars worth a year to us, and until the close of the 
war nine-tenths of all we used came from that country. The 
town of Redditch. near Birmingham, where the secret of manu- 
facture had been handed down from father to son for a thousand 
years, and a most remarkable skill attained, then supplied more 
than half the needles of the civilized world. Each process in 
the manufacture was distinct, and done by hand, so that a 
single needle sometimes represented the labor of a hundred 
workmen. The difference between this and the new process is 
wide, as we will show. 

The sewing-machine being a distinctively American invention, 
it is natural that the lucrative business of supplying needles 
for the machines should have remained almost entirely with us. 
As the increase in the demand for needles is wholly confined to 
this class of goods, the added profits accrue to Americans. 
This year the import of needles, has shown a marked falling 
o.T, the total import entries at Boston, New York and Phil- 
adelphia, up to July 1, being valued at lea than $180,000J 
against nearly $300,000 for the a ue time last ye ir. 

There are at present some half a dozen needle factories in 
this city, all devoted to the manufacture of sewing machine 
goods, and about the same number in Massachusetts outside 
the limits of the city. Connecticut is largely engaged in this 
industry, but there are few factories outside of New England. 
An account of some of the ingenious mechanism in use in one 
of our large factories may be of interest to our readers. 

The old-fashioned hand shears, fastened to a bench, have, in 
the manufacture of sewing machine needles, been superseded 
by an automatic machine, which takes a coil of steel wire, 
straightens it, cuts off pieces of any required length, ami, as it 
feeds itself, only needs to be looked after when the coil of wire 
has been used up and another is required. After the cutting 
coin.'- tic reducing or rolling down of the blade, operations 
peculiar to tin' manufacture of sewing machine needles, from 
tin- necessity of using wire larger than the intended needle, in 
order to get a sufficient size for the head or shank where it (its 
into the machine. 

The operation of feeding the machines used for this purpose 
in- very simple, ye! it is really very difficult. Every needle 

niii-t be held firmly in a li.in lie by the right hand, and turned 

completely round by the thumb an 1 finger of the left during 
the instant that it i- between the rolls, in order to secure a 
perfectly uniform reduction, and so expert have the women 

operators I at some of • factories that they deftly 

pickup, insert and turn a needle ■<; every revolution of the 
mil-, rarely missing a revolution lor hours at a time. An 
ordinary day- work i- I". needles. 

After the rolling comes the grooving This i- a verj delicate 
operation, for the gro »ve must not only !»■ perfectly straight, 
I. nt it must al-o I..- absolutely exact in width and depth, even 

on tin' fine i Hi -. an I adapted to the threa I which i- to run 

in them. As the grooving i- all done by machinery, the chief 

fficulty i- in a ljusting th i machines, and for thi- purpose 



delicate scales are used, graduated to the thousandth part of 
an inch. Once the machines are set they need nothing but 
feeding, and a skillful workman constantly supplies three, each 
with a daily capacity of 3,000. 

The marking on the needle of tin' name of the machine for 
which it is fitted, requires a peculiar progress. The name and 
number are first cut in very line steel type on a little steel plate 
that sets firmly into a solid metal bed, forming one side of a 
vise-like printing press. The needle to be marked is placed in 
a rest opposit. the type, the vise-jaws are brought power- 
fully together, the needle rolled over the type, and a most 
accurate though delicate impression is fairly printed on the little 
steel cylinder. To avoid any roughness ot the surface, these 
impressions are printed very fine, so fine, in fact, that it is 
almost impossible to read them without the aid of a magnifying 
glass, when they are at once seen to be perfectly distinct and 
lejible. 

The eye punching comas nest, and is another exact science. 
A sharp, steel punch moves up and down in a stationary 
upright, the needles are placed by hand in position, one by one, 
and an eye punched at every downward stroke of the punch. 
Boys are employed to feed the machines, and become so skillful 
by long practice that they can punch from 7,000 to 8,000 in a 
day, and rarely spoil a needle by placing it out of true. The 
grooving necessarily springs the needles more or less out of a 
trie line, and the next operation is the soft-straightening, as 
yet an entirely manual process. A solid steel block, a light, 
wooden mallet, a true eye and a steady hand to do the work 
needed. 

From the soft-straightening the needles pass to another girl, 
who makes the first inspection. By her every needle is looked 
at individually, those that are imperfect thrown out, and the 
crooked ones returned to the straightcners. Those that pass 
muster are sent on to the pointer, who seizes a dozen or twenty 
of them, dexterously ranges them side by side between his 
thumb and forefinger, and presses them against a rapidly 
revolving emery wheel, first pointing the ends and then giving 
the needles a rough polish. 

Af.'r the poin ing in j .,., iuudcuud and tempered, and 
then go to the brass-! ru h ■•:. a man whose strong, thick fingers, 
continually !■! ' :n ' and grimed with oil and emery, are 
u in icouata e] >u>ly skillful in picking up a dozen or 

two of need e . and by a i tun or two between the thumb and 
forefinger of each hand, bringing the grooves all on one side. 
Anoth 'r single motion grasps them firmly by one end in a 
handvise, and then they are pressed, first one side and then the 
ether, against a rapidly revolving brush with steel wires soaked 
in emery and oil. This gives the needles their first cleansing 
and polishing. The grooves are cleaned and polished by 
holding them on a rapidly revolving wheel, hardly thicker than 
.•i knife blade. 

But neither the wire brush nor the wheel is able to cleanse 
and polish up the eye. and for this another and more tedious 
operation is required. In fact, less improvement has been 

made in this process than ii y other, and the work is still 

performed, as it ha; been fir a hundred years, by drawing 
oil-and-sm3ry snake I threads back and forth through the 
needle ey3S, or rather drawing a dozen needles at a time back 

and forth upon as many threads, on which they have been 

previously threaded. 

After the eyes and grooves are thoroughly clean and bright 
tic needles are again seized by the score in a hand-vise, by 

another workman, who gives them a final cleaning on a wheel 

of stiff bristles, whose stiffness is very much increased by the 





? 



JUYE1TILE I1TSTBUCTOB 



173 




very rapid revolution of the wheel. So rapid is this revolution 
that the bristles not only thoroughly cleanse the needles, but 
give to them a very considerable polish or lustre. A second 
inspection follows, and those which are not entirely free from 
imperfections are again thrown out, while the good ones pass 
on to have their points finished on a fine wheel. 

Then the head straighteners receive them, and take out any 
indications of curvature that may have escaped the inspectors 
or come from the tempering. If the skill of the soft-straight- 
eners is wonderful, that of the hard-straighteners is vastly 
more so. On them depends entirely the final and perfect 
straigntening of the needles before they are sorted and packed 
for sale, and their work must be absolutely accurate. A third 
and last inspection follows, a final polish is put on by holding 
them upon a fine brush that revolves 5,000 times per minute, 
and they are then ready to be packed. — Boston Paper. 



pill] llliw.seiit!^ 



MODER1T GOIUS. 
Continued. 



BY BETH . 




THV'gold penny" ofEngland was coined in the time of Henry 
ill. about 1257. This coin is not struck now. "Florins" 
of gold were struck by Edward ITT. about 1344. The florin in 
silver is still coined. The "mark" was also used in those 
fines, and the "noble"— so called beeau e made of the nol.'e 
nntal, gold. Tho noble was sometimes called a "roe," or 
"rose noble," because the figure of a rose wa; on both sides. 
The rose is an emblem of England. In the lime of Edward 
IV. "angels" were struck; these roe ived th ir namef.oman 
angsl being stamped <>.> them (Michael and the dragon.) 
Henry VIII. had "crowns" of gold; these were stamped wi h 
a crown, hence the name. There were "sovereigns" also 
coined in his reign; these were named in hoi >i " li o 
probably, as there is generally a rea on for or meaning i:i 
oames. In later times the "guinea" wascoined, named after 
the Guinea gold, of which it was said to be made. Many 
guineas have the royal arms mi an escutcheon shaped like a 
spade; these are often treasured up as "spade guineas." 
There have been ami still are gold coins "I' other values. Tut 
the sovi reign is now the principal gold coin of England. 

Silver was coined from very early times. Half-pennies and 
farthings of thai metal were struck by Edward T. Coins of 
that name had been struck from die time of the Saxons. 
"Groats" were coined in 1354; they continue to be coined in 
the modern ' fou:--p3iiny piece." "Shilli ig " were first intra 
duced by Henry VII. The shilling is still coined. The "six- 
pence" and mailer ilven iin irestruckby Queen Elizabeth, 
and they continue to be coined. 

In copp r coin th "farthing" of <„ v i h n Anne ha s obtained 
a world-wide celebrity, an I in my li v • suppo ;ed thai a "Qu i o 
Anne's farthing" would brin i fortune. This is a mistake. 
Q le n Ann i cau id i numbe if "trial pie is" to be sti uck . 
so as to determine which hould I i tied, and not until the 
last year of her reign, 1714, did he i. authority for these 

coins to be struck. These an by n in rare, and therefore 

ifot of great value. Oi f the "trial pieces" i worth a few 

dollars. On li bvei i i a likeni • of the queen; on the 

r e i- Peace in a car n ; ' ! I 'i ' nd "P vx Mi -•• \ pkii 



Orbem. " This is a Queen Anne's farthing worth having 
when in good preservation, on account of its exquisite work- 
manship. But of all the copper coins of England the most 
remarkable for its bulk is the now old-fashioned two-penny piece. 
Its value is four cents; its weight about two ounces; so that 
twenty-five of these singular coins would be worth a dollar and 
would weigh about fifty ounces, or more than three pounds ! 

The coinage of England in olden times was very indifferent 
both in execution and quality. It was a common practice to 
reduce the standard of fineness so as to defraud the people. 
Especially was this the case in the time of Henry VIII. The 
sixpence of Queen Elizabeth (eleven cents) is very thin and of 
low standard. The queen is represented crowned. Behind 
the head is the rose. The "Elizabethan frill," so common in 
our days is well represented. Elizabeth P. G. Ang. Fr. et 
Hr. BJEGINA is the style and title assumed by that august 
lady: "By the grace of God, queen of England, France and 
Ireland. ' ' The reverse of this coin is the royal arms of France 
and England in the usual quarterings, on a cross, date 1572, 
and a Latin legend invocating the duty. In the next reign, that 
of James I. of England, we find the additional quarterings for 
Scotland. The coat of arms seen on coins contains much infor- 
mation when properly displayed, that is, when correctly exhib- 
ited according to the rules of heraldry. 

This shilling of James shows on the obverse or face the head 
of the king with the imperial crawn, surrounded by JACOBVS 
P. G. Ang. Scot. Fra. et Tins. Rex; viz., James, by the 
grace of God, king of England. Scotland, France and Ireland. 
The king is clothed in ancient armor and decorated with jewels. 
The thistle is seen, to show the extraction of the king, he being 
a Stuart of Scotland. The artist has lavished great care in 
getting up the dye so that the coin may have a well-finished 
appaarance, which it has. The herald has also been careful 
to show on the reverse of the coin that the* king is lord in his 
own right of Scotland, as a complete quartering is given for 
that kingdom. The royal harp is also well displayed, to show 
he is lord of Ireland. The other quarterings show those of 
England and Prance. The young reader may see in the history 
of England the manner in which the arms of France became 
I a t of those of England. That country has now discontinued 
the use of thejleur tie ?«, the emblem of France. 



SUNDAY LESSONS 



FOE LITTLE LEARNERS. 



LESSON X. 

Q. — If Joseph Smith had been a bad boy, would the Lord lia\ e 
sent His Holy spirit to be with him? 

A.— No. 

Q.— Who, then, will the spirit of God be with? 

A. — Good people. 

Q.— What must people do to please God and keep His spirit 
with them? 

A.— Pray often. 

Q. — Who besides men and women should do this? 

A.— Little children. 

Q.— And will the Lord bless little children who pray ofl 

Him? 

A.— Yes. 

Q.— "What will He helpthem to do? 

A.— To mind their parent! and always speilk the truth. ' 



-*$-*■ ■ -«a»- - -**l 



Pi m'ti ai.itv begets confidence, and is the sure mad to 
In r ami respect. 





J~TJ~V EUILE HTSTRUCTOB. 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 






- EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


JULY 


18, 


1874. 



EDITORIAXj thoughts. 





ENJAMIN FRANKLIN had peculiar 
views about vanity. He said that most 
people disliked vanity in others, whatever 
share they had of it themselves; but he 
gave it fair quarter wherever he met it, 
being persuaded that its use is often pro- 
ductive of good to the possessor and to 
others that are within his sphere of action, 
lie concluded that in many cases it would not 
altogether absurd if a man were to thank God 
his vanity among the other affairs of life. 
1 • nn thissubject as writtenin a letter 
: , ; ; are vvi th reading. He says. 
'One of the Roman?, I forget who, justified 
inl iwn praise by saying, 'Every freeman 
1 id a righl to speak what he thought of himself, 
_-, ; , |l a ' otl ' That this is a natural inclina_ 
f ^ S tion ap] in that all children show it. an 

[] i good girl? and the like 

chid, and told their trumpeter is 

o sound their own p ai 

id to ] '■ i ' ''■'• ,i,; i™ instead of it to 

' ' ! a roundabout way of praising 

liemscl ■ : tlie < induct of another, in any 

partieul to ha iving, I am so honest, or 

'1 could not do or approve of 

such an action. This f : ' Ives, rather than nialev- 

I to be ' ■■'■' censure 

[wish i had not been taught to dam 

th ■ overflowing and damage of their 

1 i ; ! . • advantage, methiuks, would 

iocI noughts of ourselves, \ i/..: 

; | nebody or other would n ' '■■ 

setusri now, while we conceal so carefully our vain, 

erroni ipinions, we may carry them to our grave, for 

ph; o man thai seems to be in health? 

And th ■ privilege of re tnting freely our own good actions 

might I"' an inducement to the doing of them, that we might 
be en ibled to speak of them without being subject to be justly 
contradicted or charged with falsehood; whereas now, as we are 
not allowed to mention them, and it is an uncertainty whether 
others will take due notice of them or not, we arc perhaps the 
more in liferent about them; so that, upon the whole. I wish 
the out-of-fashion practice "I praising ourselves, would, like 
other old fashions, come round into fashion again." 

A queer idea this, and then- i- enough truth about it tomake 
it appear plausible. Wo can frequently, by speaking of our- 
selves, illustrate point- that we could not make so clear and 
forcible in any other manner. The speakers among the Latter. 
day Saint- refer often to themselves, because in teaching the 
people they draw so much from their personal experience. 
This is the case with all the writers in the sacred books that 
have come down to us. Nephi gives us his own experience. 
i \ 1 , i , . i Mormon and theother writers in the Book of 

Mormon do the same. In the Bible the same peculiarity is 
arent — the prophets snd apostles refering to themselves and 



their own experience. Yet this is not done in a spirit of van- 
ity. A person who is always praising himself and speaking 
highly of his own actions, is not an agreeable companion; and 
for young people to indulge in this habit is to make their soci- 
ety hot desirable. The quality which is appreciated in young 
people in the company of those older than themselves is to be 
good listeners; and much valuable information is gained from 
the conversation of older persons by young people being more 
pleased to listen to others than to talk themselves. They convey 
a quiet compliment to those who are talking to them by the 
interest they manifest in their conversation, for they convey by 
their manner the idea that the person speaking is interesting. 



V\1~E have heard of instances where boys or girls imagine it a 
I i great gift to be able to tell a skillful lie. This was the 
case particularly of one boy we once knew, who would pur- 
posely get into scrapes at school, when, by his faculty of 
deceiving, he often got off without receiving the penalty he 
deserved. He told a plain lie once, however, which resulted 
in his disgrace before the whole school. He had stolen a 
picture book from a school-mate, for boys who lie will steal 
also, and then, as usual, lied about it. He had been seen 
last with the book in his hand, but that appeared to be all the 
proof therervas against him. He was beginning to feel that 
his lie had cleared him this time, when a little girl, who had 
been detained after school for some offense, testified that she saw 
him take the book out of his friend's desk. As he was gener- 
ally thought to be guilty, this statement was readily believed; 
aud many were in favor of expelling him immediately. The 
school-master, however, was more careful. He labored with 
the boy until he made a public confession before the school. 
His parents took him from school, telling him lie was a fool 
for confessing at last. 

One good quality he showed at this point was that of moral 
courage. Through his final action lie was restored in the 
esteem of his play-fellows. Though he did very wrong in 
trying to deceive all, and ever up his guilt, he afterwards said 
he felt much better, even when before the school making a 
confession of his guilt than he did in telling the lie. This will 
he the feeling of every boy and girl who tells the truth, and by 
so doing they increase their moral courage, even if the truth 
doe-, not appear to place their conduct in as good a light as a 
lie would. 

You probably remember the story of George Washington, 
who. when he had cut a valuable tree of his father's, boldly 
acknowledged the deed, and was fully forgiven by his father. 
That trait in bis character was the means no doubt of making 
him the man he afterwards became. How different the action 
of his father from that of the father who reproved his son for 
elling the truth! The latter father soon died, but his loss was 
not such a great trial as it would have been if he had given 
his son correct teaching. That boy, from his moral courage, 
now occupies a trustworthy and honorable position. 

Children, never lie afraid to tell the truth. In every instance 
the person with moral courage and truthfulness occupies the 
position of honor and trust. 



A STINGY man who pretended to be very fond of his horse, 
but kept him nearly starved, said to a friend, "You don't 
know how much we all think of that horse. I shall have him 
stuffed, so as to preserve him, when he dies." "You'd better 
stuff him now," retorted the friend, "so as to preserve 
him living." 





J" TJ ^T B 1ST I LB Il^rSTBUCTOB 




BIRTHPLACE OiF JESUS. 



IN this engraving we see a man, a woman and a child, and a 
group of men kneeling down before the child and doing 
him reverence. Do our readers know what this is intended to 
represent? One of the men, you will notice, has a shepherd's 
crook in his hand. Another crook of the same description 
lies on the ground. We may infer from this that the men are 
shepherds. The place is evidently one where cattle are kept. 
for we see behind the man who is standing up, the head of a 
cow. 

The place where this scene is laid is Bethlehem, a little 
village perched on a gray ridge of limestone, six miles south of 
Jerusalem. The man who is standing is Jo.-eph, a carpenter 
of Galilee. The woman is Mary, his betrothed wife, a .Jewish 
maiden of the roy; 1 h luse of David; and the chdd whom she 
has in her arms is Jesus Christ our Lord and our Savior. 
They to not sit in a palace, but what we call a stable or cow 
shed. The men who are worshiping are shepherds who had 
been visited bv an angel and'told that there was born that day 
i 1 the city of David a Sa<-'> ■. Je=us Christ the Lord. 



' 



W 






IA 





The history of the Savior is full of the greatest interest, 
His mother was engaged to lie married to Joseph, but Jesus 
was born before they were married. This would have caused 
Jose] ili to put her away and not made her his wife; but the angels 
of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream and told him, ''Fear 
not to take unto thee Mary thy wife." .Joseph ami Mary 
resided at Nazareth in Galilee. The emperor had levied taxes 
upon all the people who dwelt under Roman rule. Palestine 

was then governed by li e, and Joseph and Mary went to 

Bethlehem, the city of David, as they belonged to that lineage, 
to be taxed. They could not find room in tin: inn ami they 
had to take 1 their lodging ill lie- place where the cattle were 
kept, and it was there where Jesus was born, ami alter His 
birth II' 1 was laid in a manger fora cradle. What a lowly place 
for tie' Sou of God to be born in! The Ruler of the earth, the 

rinceof Peace, the Mighty One from on high, to come down 



from His glory and be born in such poverty and with such lowly 
surroundings that His mother had to put Him in in a manger 
for a cradle ! This teaches us a very important lesson: that 
in the sight of God people are not valued by the abundance 
they may have of this world's goods. Mary was a poor maiden 
to have God choose her for the mother of His only begotteu 
Son. Out of all the women on the earth she was seleted for 
this high honor. It would have been easy to hive selected a 
princess for this mission, or to have elevated Mary to high honors 
and great dignity, and to have His Son born in a palace; but 
the Lord did not like that plan. The Lord of life and glory 
was born in the most humble and poor circumstances. He 
literally "descended below all things that He might rise above 
all things." The world could not see by their natural wisdom 
how the reputed child of the carpenter could be the Son of 
God. It has always been thus with the world. The noblest 
ami best men that ever lived on the earth have been despised 
by the world, because they did not come to them in a manner 
to suit their ideas. He chose His prophets in the most of 
instances from the meek ami lowly, the pooraud the despised. 
The apostles of Jesus were unlearned men— fishermen who 
followed lines of daily toil ami the humblest of occupations. 
Tli- prophet Joseph Smith was a man of humble birth— not 
a learned boy. not rich, not popular, yet he was one ofthe 
,, is t prophet, lint ever lived; but tin- world despised his 
teachings they rejected his testimony, ami, like their prede- 
in •' i in-: with their prophets, consented to hi. death. 

The noblest spirit, are frequently found in (lie ranks ofthe 
lowly. This is proved by the success the elders have bad in 
preaching the gospel to the poor. They have tors;, ken all 
things to possess the riches of Christ, and have a courage and 
devotion which are rarely exhibited by the rich and powerful. 

Children, these thing, should be lessons to yon. Never 
despise a man or a woman or a child because they may bo in poor 
circumstances. Never value a man or a woman or a child for 
their riches alone, but appreciate tic- faithful and the good, 
no matter what their rank or circumstances in life 



' An Exi use for Smoking. — Most per ons addicted to the 
filthy habit of using tobacco can find some excuse fordoing so. 
but it would puzzle the most inveterate smoker to find a more 
novel excuse than the following: 

In the reign of dames I., of toliaccodiatinu notoriety, the 
boys of a school acquired the habit of smoking, and indulged 
in it night ami day, using the most ingenious expedients to 
,. -eal the vice from their masters, till one luckless evening. 

when they were all huddled together around the fire of their 

domitory involving each other in vapors of their own creating, 

lo! in burst the master, and stood in awful dignity before them. 

'•How now. quoth the dominie to the first lad; how dare you 
to be smoking tobacco?" 

■Sir," said the boy, "1 am subject to headaches, and 
takes off the pain." 

Ami you'.-' and you? and you?" inquired the pedagogue 
tioning every one in his turn. 

One bad a "raging tooth:" another choli.-. the third a 
—in short, they all had something. 

■Now, sirrah," bellowed the doctor to the last boy. "what 
disorder do you smoke for?" 

Alas! all the excuses were exhausted; bill the interrogated 

urchin, putting down his pipe after a farewell whiff and looking 

up in his master's face, said, in a whining hypocritical lone, 
"/Sir, I smoke for corns." 



a pipe 
i pies 

joueh 




tip 



176 



JUVEITILE USTSTBTJOTOB 




<*l 



||jrg*$ ytm* jjtpwd t\t IpM 



BY a. M. o. 



OBSERVATIONS IN CHINA. 




There is a general impression that the government of China 
is the most despotic aud her people the most vicious or 
sensual of any of the heathen nations. But this is an error, 
created and fostered, no doubt, by the misrepresentations of 
political writers, who hold up the empire as a model despotism, 
and the follies and blunders of those who have mistaken her 
moral character, from a lack of perseverance and thorough 
examination into the laws that govern society in that country. 
Of late years, however, many able writers have dispelled this 
cloud of error, and placed that peculiar people in a more 
correct and truthful light before the world. The fact is, there ■ 
are few nations in the world where the freedom of the people 
is more wide or more guarded against despotism. Taking that 
intelligence guaranteed to the masses by a liberal education for 
a base, they have established a theory of democracy that goes 
far towards that state that places society on an equality, politi- 
cally. It is not hereditary rank, favoritism or wealth that 
secures position in China; but merit, acquired only by study 
and experience. Tt is only the successful competitors at their 
•* : ins, upon given topics, principally moral, political 
and historical, that receive appointments to offices under the 
government. They hold that the imperial power is not to rule 
by fe ir, but to control by affection, as that of a father towards 
his children; and this theory is instilled in the minds of the 
young by that filial affection mi noticeable in the manners of 
the Chinese. Am 1 yet subservient to but controling this power 
-.■ ■ th i district an 1 town councils, trade associations, companies 
established fir special objects and numerous and powerful 
secret societies, for political purposes, all for maintaining the 

right of local d irtm mts of th i state. And by this will and 

of th • people the emp sror him elf is held responsible for 

his a ;ts, and deprived of any F | narchy. 

One powerful lover for the defen e of the people against the 
general government when inclined lo encroach on their lights 
and liberties, and for mutual protection and assistance in busi- 
ness are the numerous clans, who have their adherents in 
nearly every province. The organization of these clans is so 
complete that a town never consists of one elan alone. A man 
is not even allowed to marry a woman of the same name, and 
by tbi< means a certain balance of power is kept up and a 
mutual reliari : and d pendence upon one another maintained. 
The town and district councils elected by the people exercise 
and control the local powers of government to such an extent 
that the imperial officers dare not interfere. Justice is admin- 

I, local taxation reguhted and police employed ler 

Th n mncilors are employed or kept in office 
as long as they perform their duties with satisfaction to the 

l pie. In fai i the imp ial ovi nment i- mu< h less to 1 e 

1 for many of the disturbances which have occurred with 

the local dei i pui re I into resistance by 

the misdeeds and overt acte of our own people. Indeed, a great 

deal might 1 : - n that woul I place this old and singular 

nation before the world in a more truthful and advantageous 

m; an 1 very much could be li arned an 1 copied politically 

■ her Hws and tured by age and experience. 

l-'iir ,: - .■ my ].e in spite of the unusual cheapness 

evil/thing, f turned to the only recourse of a sailor ashore 



without "a shot in his locker" — to look out for a ship. There 
were several vessels on the river, most of them in want of 
crews. Some of them were bound for London, others to New 
York; and as for the variety and size, Jack had only to choose 
between a berth on a first-class clipper and a situation on an 
oil square-built, kettle-bottomed, slow and sure craft commonly 
called a "tub." As for myself, I never made the ship a par- 
ticular object of choice. I always chose a captain; one whom 
I thought would always maintain that qualification in every 
particular towards the sailors and for the ship. With this idea 
in my mind, when ready to go to sea, I presented myself before 

Captain H , of the clipper Sea Nymph, of Baltimore, 

bound for New York, by way of the Cape of Good Hope. 
The captain was only too anxious to ship me, for men were 
hard to get, and we at once went to the office of the consul to 
sign the ship's articles; but here we had a little controversy. 
The consul asked me if I had not shipped on the Tarlinto some 
time previous, and then deserted. I told him that I had not 
deserted from, but that I did sign the articles of that vessel, 
and why I had done it. I also told him I considered it an 

imposition on his part and on the part of Captain M to 

act in the way they had towards the crew of the Kale Hayes. 
I related the whole affair from the time of our shipping on 
that vessel, and the inducements held out by the captain, up 
to the time of my shipping to obtain my back pay; and stated 
that, according to my view, had he (the consul) acted justly, 

instead of assisting Captain M , he should have compelled 

him to pay us the extra percentage that the law demands from 
a captain of a vessel when he discharges his crew in a foreign 
land. The consul was very angry and indignant, and told me 
I was not to be trusted; and, to make sure of my going on 
board of the vessel I had just signed the articles for he would 
put me in prison until my captain was ready to sail. This 

threat he would have put in executiou but for Captain II , 

who had rem lined silent during our talk, and now spoke 
te ling the consul that I was now under his care, having 
signed the articles of his ship, and as he had not entered a 
complaint against me he did not think the consul had a right 
to imprison me. "However," he said, "I can trust the young 
man, and am willing to advance him a ninth's wages, and for 
his appearance on board the ship before nine o'clock to-morrow 
morning I will be responsible." I thanked the captain, prom- 
ised, if possible, to secure two or three more men for him (which 
I did that afternoon), pocketed the money and left the office to 
purchase the outfit necessary for the voyage. I never learned 
whether anything passed between the two gentlemen after I 
left regarding the affair or not; possibly not, though when I 
left the room the consul's face looked as black as a north- 
wester. 

I bought the articles needed for the voyage, and, as far as 
my limited means would permit, such curiosities as would 
please the folks at home; for I was now homeward bound. 1 
could scarcely realize it. yet from the very moment I had 
signed the papers in the consul's office I felt a sensation of joy 
and pleasure akin to that we all fee.l when about to enjoy some 
anticipated pleasure. That T might not disappoint the captain 
in his reliance upon my integrity, I reported myself on board 
the ship before seven o'clock the next morning. I found the 

mate, Mr. E , a counterpart of the captain — a perfect 

gentleman. I wish I could say as much for the second mate, 
a one-eyed "down-easter," as lean as be was mean, and as 
devilish as he was ignorant. 

The Sea Nymph wag a fine little clipper of eight hundred 
tons. Her cargo consisted of tea. By some mistake in over- 
estimating the capacity of a vessel belonging to the same fir 





CT TJ"V IE ICsT I LIE IFSTBTJCTOR 



177 





that had lately sailed from Shanghae we had several tons of 
her cargo on board, so that every nook and corner, including 
part of the forecastle, was filled with tea chests. Twelve men 
before the mast were considered sufficient by the captain, but 
it was, in reality, a small complement for such a vessel. As 
yet we had only ten, there was but a poor prospect of engaging 
any more and we began to look forward to plenty of hard work 
during the voyage. There is nothing a sailor dreads more 
than a ship short-manned, knowing full well that he has extra 
and double duty to perform, work that is always laborious 
enough at best, and besides he is not paid extra wages for the 
over work. 

The day after going on board the anchor was hove up, and, 
assisted by the wind and tide, we dropped down the river and 
let go our anchor opposite the town of Woosung, and abreast 
of the clipper Panama, a vessel in size and tonnage similar to 
the Sea Nymph. We now learned that a wager had been made 
between the captains of the two vessels on the time of their 
arrival in New York. In other words, we were to participate 
in a grand race half around the world. We lay at the liver's 
mouth five days, during which time the ship was put in sea- 
going trim — "groomed," as our mate said, for the coming race. 

While at anchor here we were amused daily by the Chinese 
fleet of war, junks assembled together preparatory to making a 
descent on the coast northward occupied by the Tae-ping 
rebels. The sounding of their gongs, the burning of "Josh" 
sticks and consecrating, b}' sprink'ing, of their vessels was kept 
up from daylight until dark. 

Our captain called all hands aft on the 27th day of October, 
1852 and informed us that it was impossible to ship the two 
men necessary to fill our complement, but if we would agree to 
undertake the voyage, that he could not possibly delay any 
longer, he would increase our wages five dollars a month. He 
had some hopes of hearing from the shipping master at 
Shanghae before five o'clock p. m. , at which time the anchor 
was to be hove up and our voyage homeward commenced. 
About two o'clock the shipping man arrived, bringing with 
him two men. This proved unfortunate for us afterwards, 
for they both went on the sick list a few days after getting to 
sea, and remained there during the rest of the voyage; and, 
of course, we were compelled to do their work without 
receiving the extra pay. 

All hands on both ships having imbibed the excitement of 
the coming race, the anchors were hove up and the topsails 
sheeted home on both vessels with alacrity and dispatch. 
Directly ahead of the ships was a little island about a mile 
long. As we passed to the south of it our competitor passed 
to the north. For a few minutes we lost sight of one another; 
in the meantime sail was spread to the breeze, booms rigged 
out and studding sails set. When the ships had passed the 
island and ranged up within a few hundred yards of each 
other the captains saluted by waving their hats. The vessels 
presented a very beautiful appearance; the wind was blowing 
a strung and steady breeze from the northward, and they were 
going dead before the wind, clothed in their snowy canvas 

from the water to their trucks. When the sun went down 
little advantage bad been gained by either; but as I stood at 

(he wheel I heard our skipper remark to the mate that our 

ship was "in iron-" and over still' owing to the extra Cargo we 
had on board. During the night the wind steadily increased 
in force, drawing around more on our quarter, but not a sheet, 
taek or haul yard was touched, though the masts ami rigging 
were strained to the utmost. Abouteleven o'clock the main 
top-mast-studding-sail boom snapped liken pipe stem, but in 



less than half an hour a new boom was rigged out and the 
sails again doing their duty. At twelve o'clock the log was 
hove and the officer reported our speed at thirteen knots an 
hour. 



IHIOW TO SAVE THE 

id ir, o w :±sr E ID . 



rpiiE sad and frequent deaths from drowning prompted the 
A writer of the following instructions to make them public. 
Some cases of drowning are peculiarly painful in their character, 
as the unfortunate persons, though showing signs of life after 
being rescued from the water, have been allowed to die 
irrevocably simply for the want of a little timely and skillful 
help. After apparent death from drowning, persons are 
peculiarly susceptible to resuscitation; the reason of this is. 
that unlike death from disease, when a healthy person is 
drowned, no part of their machinery of life is broken or im- 
paired, the engine has simply stopped ; so that let the breathing 
but be started again, and the entire system proceeds at once in 
healthy motion. As medical aid is usually absent in these acci- 
dents, and as a moment's delay may fatally turn the tide, we 
propose to supply such instructions as may enable every reader 
by a little practice upon a friend, to become perfectly com- 
petent to save life in such emergencies, if it be not beyond 
recall. 




■^•sri^fc- 



The following rules are adapted by then- author for the 
general reader from those which have been used by the New 
York Board of Health, and which i i tl e foini of an extended 
scientific essay, were award id last yea] .he prize of the National 
Medical Association of this country. 

They are equally applicable in all eases of death from suffo- 
cation, anil have already been the means of saving several lives 
in the hands of persons otherwise entirely ignorant of medical 
matters. 

RULE 1. I pon the nearest dry spot expose the patient to a 
i\ff current of air; rip the clothing away from the waist, and 

give a stinging slap upon the pit of the stomach. 

(If this tails to arouse the patient, proceed to force and drain 
away the water which bus entered the chest and stomach, accor- 
ding to Rule I I. | 

Ki i.i', II. Turn the patient upon his face, the pit of the 
stomach being raised upon a folded garment above the level 
of his mouth. For a moment or two male steady pressure upon 
the back of the stomach and chest, and repeal ii once or twice 

until fluid ceases to How from I he niouih. 

I!i i.i: III. Quickly turn the patient upon his back, with a 
bundle of clothing beneath it so as to raise the lower pari 





178 



JUVB^TILE HTSTRTJCTOE/ 





his breast-bone higher than the rest of his body. Kneel 
beside or astride the patient, and so jilace your hands upon 
either side of the pit of the stomach upon the front part of 
the lower ribs, that the fingers will fall naturally into the spaces 
between them, and point to the ground. 

Now, grasping the waist and using your knees as a pivot, 
throw your whole weight forward, as if you wished to force the 
contents of the chest and stomach out of the mouth. Steadily 
increase the pressure while you count one — two — tiieee — 

(This forces the foul air out, and is expiration.) 

then, suddenly let go, with a final push which springs you 
back to an erect kneeling position; 

(This allows the lower elastic ribs to spring back, enlarges the 
capacity of the chest, compels an in-rush of air co prevent a 
vacuum; this double bellows motion constitutes respiration or 
breathing.) 

remain erect upon your knees while you count one — two — then 
throw your weight forward, and proceed again as before. 
Repeat the process at first five times a minute, gradually increas- 
ing it to about fifteen times a minute, and continue it with the 
regularity and rhythm of the natural breathing which you are 
imitating, if necessary, for about an hour. If another person 
be present, let him with the left handhold the tip of the tongue 
out of the left side of his 9 ^ 

mouth with the corner of 
a pocket handkerchief, 
while with the right hand 
he grasps both wrists and 
pins them to the ground 
above the patient's head. 

When breathing firsl 
returns, dash violently a 
little cold water occasionly 
in the face. As soon as 
breathing ha. been per- 
fectly restored, strip and 
dry the patient rapidly 

and completely, and wrap ~-w^--» f 

him in blankets only. Give hot brandy and water, the 
first half hour a teaspoonful every five minutes, and for the 
next hour a teaspoonful every fifteen minutes. Apply friction 
to the limbs if cold. Secure a free supply of fresh air. and let 
the patient have perfect rest. 

Avoid delay. Promptness is the first consideration. A 

at lost may be a life lost. Waste no time in gaining 

: [i rharms than helps the patient. 

Prevent crowding around the patient, and everything which 
interfere.- with a free current of fresh air. However difficult this 
may be, it must be positively enforced. The anxious efforts i f 
kind friend- to engage the patient in conversation when he is 
rallying, and everything else which tends to increase the 
exhaustion uf the patient must be interdicted. 

Avoid giving fluids before the patient is well able to -wallow. 
When given too soon it mustobstruct breathing and may choke 
the patient. 

Avoid hurried and irregular motions. The excitement of 
the occasion is almost certain to induce this. Move a flickering 
candle carelessly, and it goes out; and the heart when its 
beating has almost ceased, need- but little interruption to stop 
it. All the movements of Fade III. should be performed 
with perfect steadiness and rhythm, and especially so when the 
compression is made as an adjunct to help the first natural 
gasps, and deepens them into long drawn breaths. 



Avoid an overheated room. The animal heat which is 
needed must be generated from within by the respiration of 
cool air, and by stimulants, and the heat thus generated is 
best retained about the patient by blankets. 

Avoid giving up too soon the patient to death. Any time 
within one or two hours you may be on the very threshold of 
success, though there be no sign of it. The author has several 
times succeeded after half an hour of apparently useless effort. 
Do not neglect the patient too soon after apparent recovery ; 
rest and care should he maintained for a few days, or pulmonary 
troubles may ensue. 



STICK TO THE TRUTH. 



BY A. J. 







-y' 



To show the ease with which we are apt to be led from the 
truth, I will relate an incident that occurred at P City 

last Sunday. 

A little girl of eight summers, being sent to a neighbor's 
on an errand, had occupied more time than was neces-aryto 
go to and from the neighbor's house,andyet not returned; and an 
older girl, a sister to the first, aged probably thirteen years, 
was sent by the mother to ascertain the cause of the delay on 

the part of the little one. 
After some time they came 
into the house together. 
Mother of course ques- 
tion! d the older sister with; 
1 What kept Minnie?" 
The girl answered: "She 
was in Sister Gardner's." 
New Sister Gardner was 
mi old lady, who, within 
he year, through some 
e of the eyes, had 
gone stone blind. The 
sisti rsof the Relief Society 
had her under their care, 
and she was also an especial object for the kind attention of 
the family of which our two little girl- were members. Little 
Minnie loved to go in and talk with the old lady, as she was 
one of those old-fashioned children, full of questions and queer 
answers which amused the old lady in her blind loneliness, and 
who. by her attention to Minnie's prattle, had won the little 
girl's affetions and attention. Minnie was also very matter- 
of-fact, and a straight, bold talker. On hearing her older 
sister say that she was in Sister Gardner's she blurted out: 
"No I wasn't!" "Well, you were at the door!'' said the older 
girl. "I wasn't, either!" "Yes you were; you were inside 
the gate then.'' "No T wasn't, either; T was only in tl e street 
holding the gate." The mother here interposed, as the 
younger girl, who knew she had loitered on the way, but could 
not brook to be let down so low with false accusations, burst 
into tears. Upon a close interrogation the older girl, after 
many equivocations, such as: L T thought she was there. I 
thought she might have been." etc., acknowledged to her 
mother that -lie only saw her in the street with her hand on 
the gate. 

Now. the older sister was not criminally guilty, but thought- 
lessly made use of the words she uttered, being convinced that 
little Minnie must certainly lie in the wrong, and needed cor- 
rection; and probably did not at first have any idea of depart, 
insr from the truth. 





CTTT^VIBJICsriErLiIE IITSTBTJCTOB 



179 




Both little girls were shown by their mother in this incident 
the necessity of strictly adhering to the truth — that the untruth 
brings sorrow; that he or she who applies truth to every move 
made, to every speech uttered, reaps happiness, wis- 
dom and contentment; but the false step throughout our lives, 
in our play, and conduct of our childhood to the business 
transactions of riper years, brings sorrow, disrespect, of our 
acquaintances, poverty, failure and disgrace. 



THIS OLD SAILOR'S B003ST. 



Stephen Decatur was most emphatically a ''sailoi's man." 
When on shipboard we would say of an officer that the 
sailors respect and love him, we say he is a "sailor's man." 
Decatur was every inch a sailor, and every inch a hero. He 
inspired his men with a love that was devotion and came 
near being adoration. 

In one of Decatur's actions before Tripoli, while engaged in 
a hand to hand conflict with a powerful gun boat captain, he 
was attacked from behind by one of the Turks, and would have 
been cut down had not an old 5»ilor i u ' ' tin s, who had 
already boon severely wounded in the right arm, rushed in and 
re ■'•. I the blow of the Turk'.- sabre u] on 1 b iad. Being 

si ::■ h ■ striker the blow did not penetrate the skull, and 

the honest fellow survived. 

When James had recovered from hi worm ! . and was able 
to come on deck, Decatur called him aft. and having in presence 
of the crew expressed the deepest gratitude for his heroic 
devotion, bade him say what reward he would have. The old 
salt hitched up his trowsers, and knew not what to say. His 
messmates gathered around him, and whispered to him that 
now was his chance. One advised him to ask for a boatswain's 
rate; another for double pay; another for a double allowance of 
grog; and so on. 

But James elbowed them aside, and said he wanted none of 
their counsel. He would not lose entirely the privilege of 
being the commodore's creditor to the amount of his gratitude. 
Still he would venture a request. And he informed his 
commander, after much deliberation, that he would like to be 
excused from holy stoning and scrubbing deck. 

The whimsical request was cheerfully granted, and from that 
time forward, when all hands were piped to "scrub deck," 
James perched himself clear of the sand and water, and looked 
on in dignified ease and comfort. He sailed with Decatur 
while they both lived, and upon the untimely death of his 
patron a goodly pension was granted him by the government, 
and he was allowed to retire upon his laurels. 




A REASONING Fox. — A certain Jagare, who was one morning 
keeping watch in the forest, observed a fox cautiously making 
his approach toward the stump of an old tree. When sufficiently 
near, he took a high and determined jump on to the top of i f « 
and after looking around awhile hopped to the ground again- 
Alter Reynard had repeated this knightly exercise severa* 
times, he went bis way, but presently he returned to the spot 
bearing a pretty large and heavy piece of dry oak in his mouth, 
and thus burdened, and as it would seem for the purpose of 
testing his vaulting powers, he renewed his leaps on to the stump. 
After a time, however, and when he found that, weighted as 
he was, he could make the ascent with facility, he desisted 
from further efforts, dropped the piece of wood, and coiling 

imselfupon the top of a stump, nfujaincd motionless as if 

KSERET SUND. 



dead. At the approach of evening, an old sow and her progeny, 
five or six in number, issued from a neighboring thicket, and 
pursuing their usual track, passed near to the stuinp in question. 
Two of her sucklings followed somewhat behind the rest, and 
as they neared his ambush, Michel, with the rapidity of 
thought, darted down from his perch upon one of them, and 
in the twinkling of an eye, bore it in triumph on to the fastness 
he had so providently prepared beforehand. Confounded at 
the shrieks of her offspring, the old sow returned in fury to 
the spot, and until late in the night made repeated, desperate 
attempts to storm the murderer's stronghold; but the fox took 
the matter very coolly, and devoured the pig under the very 
nose of its mother, which, at length, with the greatest reluctance, 
and without being able to revenge herself on her crafty adver- 
sarv, was forced to beat a retreat. 



tzhue skeptic gltt^eid. 



AYOTJNG man, who had more money than good counsel left 
him by his parents, became a skeptic. Having afterwards 
become a believer in the existence of God, a friend asked what 
had wrought the change. 

Said he, "You know I spent much of my time in hunting; 
and a few weeks since, on a beautiful Sabbath morning, I went 
in search of game. Being weary of roaming about the woods, 
I sat down on a log to rest. While thus seated, my attention 
was attacted to a neighboring tree, by the cries of a bird which 
was fluttering over her nest, uttering shrieks of anguish as if 
a viper were attacking her young. 

"On looking about I soon found the object of her dread in 
that apt emblem of all evil, a venomous snake, dragging his 
slow length along toward the tree, his eye intent on the bird 
and her nest. Presently I saw tl e male bird coming fiom a 
distance with a little twig covered with leaves ill his mouth. 
Instantly the male bird laid the twig over his mate and her 
young, and then perched himself on one of the topmost 
branches of the tree, awaiting the arrival of the enemy. 

"By this time the snake had reached the spot. Coiling 
himself around the trunk, he ascended the tree; at length, 
gliding along the branch till he came near the nest, he lifted 
his head as if to take his victims by surprise. He looked at 
the nest, then suddenly drew back his head as if he had been 
shot, and hurriedly made his way down the tree. 

I had the curiosity to see what had turned him from his 
malicious purpose; and, on ascending the tree, I found the 
twig to have been broken from a poisonous bush which that 
snake was never known to approach. 

"Instantly the thought rushed across my mind, 'Who taught 
this bird its only weapon of d.fense in this hour of peril?' 
And quick as thought came the answer, 'None but God 
Almighty, whose very existence I have denied. 

God sends men to the ant to learn industry, to the ravens 
and the lilies for lessons of trust; and here, in the protection 
of a defenssless bird's nest from a cruel foe, shines out the 
same kind Providence which watches the falling sparrow, and 
numbers the hairs of our heads. Selected. 



Somebody has found out a new way of taking pictures, by 

which they can be taken better in the night than in the day 
time. A photographer has missed several pictures lately 
from the frames that hang by his door, and doesn't approve of 
the new plan. 

. I COARD 



— -- ■ , 

KAIT I AKP CITY I. UTAH 





180 



J TJ ~V~ El ^T I L E I1TSTBTJCTOR. 



LAND OF THIS BLEST. 




Words by J. K. Hall. 



Music by T. C. Griggs. 




To -hare in thejoys of tlmt land; 
Shake each "four friends by the hand, 
And unite with the Inly band, 
That'- what it w'll be to b i there. 



t 

Then strive children strive to meet there; 
Be fervent and constant in prayer, 
Then its heavenly light you'll share, 
■ And know what it is to be there! 



II IW BIRDS LEARN TO SING AND BU LD —What is ill-tine ? 

•'the facull Pp Forming complex acts absolutely without in- 
struct r, or previously aciuired knowledge." Instinct, then, 
, , ,■; . !i - |l! ;i l to Fo in ponl meoiisly acts, which, in 
rati (illation, a logical train of 
,•,,,' | ■ isttheobsen id Facts which arc usually 

! ' in il i Found that they 
are «el lorn con ;hsive. [twas >n such g-ounds tYitthj song of 

I,;,-], v.-,- i il; n ' i be in ; albeit a vere ready experiment 

w ,.,i, ;;,.., -I, i . lesfrom the education they receive. 

During the last century Barrington brought up some linnets, 
, l!v ,.„ f rom the ncsl in • im] any with lark- of sundry varieties 
.,,,,1 |:, lui i t hal • ■ one of the linnet- adopted completely 
the song of his master et over him, so that now these linnets 
. ., iralization— form a company apart, when placed 
,.,, n their own species. Even the nightingale, wh< s ; 

native sound i- so -v et, exhibit?, under domestication, a 
considerable readiness to imitate other singing birds. The 
song of tie- bird is, therefore, determined by its education, and 
the same must be true as to nest building. A bird brought up 
j n ., gage does not construct the nest pecular to its species 
[n vain will you supply all the necessary material.-: the bird 
uil employ thetn without skill, and will oftentimes even 
renounce all purpose ofbuilding anything like a nest. Does 
not this well-known fact prove, that, instead of being -aided 
by instinct, the bird learn- bow to construct his nest just as 
B m m learns how to build a house.- Selected. 




Thai- profusion of language and poverty of thought, which 
is called being spontaneous, and original, is no proof of sim- 
licity of heart or free lom of understanding. 



^ZLnT^'AA^ZETR, TO CHARADE 
PUBLISHED IN NO. 13. 



For "time and eternity" two are made one; 

Their vows at the altar for ever are plighted! 
Such union is worthv the name of my first: 

They are. UNITED! 
"Order is Heaven's first law." The poet says. 

Without obedience all would be disorder; 
By that we may obtain my second: 

That is— ORDER ! 

"Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth 

As it is done in heaven's fair border." 
That, will be done when we embrace my wholk: 

Zion's UNITED ORDEE1 

We have also received poetical answers to the Charade in 
No. 13 from Israel Bennion, Taylorsville, and Charles Reynolds 
of this City. 

JUVBITIIjB IILSrSTIRATCTOIEk 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single C"i>y, per Annum — — $2 00. 
_3SO~Office, South Temple Street, one block we.st of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




