^1 



Fb 




GA 



<?, 



BOLIXESS TO TBP LQB.D. 



Si 



./i?€&5 






§ 9?z3~* '. -\s^ jft'iftWaCf*" ^ : " ?» iVeSs*-^ '^i/, *v ^ W\ C" y Tifww^' iyrr"« , 7 «*-*MriJ l ».\' "* ; ^ ' ■ 




VOL. XIV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15 1870. 



NO. 8. 



T H E U R A V E YV I N K E E I! I E D 



SCENES of war. like that here depicted, are not pleasant to less, the query will arise in their minds why it is that all men 
look upon. The tender heart recoils at the very thought are not willing to live at peace. 
of men. the noblest works of the Creator, engaging in warfare It would be very pica ant if a'l men upon the earth were thu 



^ 




■ Q 



andala in each other. We . -., , fancy with whal looks and 
feeungs of horror, some of onr sympathetic young n iJc - will 
d this picture, whon'they first take up tho pn i Doubl 



■ : osoj In!.. 1 we look forward to a time when this will be 
the cow, when, as the prophet [eaiuh predicted, "men shall 
Lcat their swords into plon lm i md their spears into pruning 



Q, 



/• 



in 




ate 



CTUYEITILB IITSTRUGTOB. 



cP, 



S« 



hooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither 
shall they learn war any more." But that time will not come 
while men are actuated by those motives that generally lead to 
war; such as ambition, rapacity and hatred for their fellow-beings. 

No war ever occurs without one party or the other being at 
fault. Sometimes both are. But, much as war is to be regret- 
ted, there are occasions when it is justifiable — when it is en- 
gaged in for the defense of homes and liberties. Bravery in a 
cause of this kind should call forth our admiration. To illus- 
trate this principle is our object in presenting this picture. 

We would not have our readers suppose that true bravery 
ever leads a man to rush into unnecessary danger. Daring is 
not always bravery. Many a man has committed deeds of dar- 
ing when frenzy or other causes have led him to underestimate, 
or lose sight of the danger, who would have shrunk from them 
had the full danger been apparent. He is the truly brave man 
who sees all the danger, weighs it in his mind with the cause 
for which the risk is to be taken, and with heroic firmness steps 
forward to meet the peril. Such a man was Arnold von 
Winkelried, the Swiss hero of the battle of Sempaeh. Here 
is the story of the heroic deed: 

For many years after the Counts of Hapsburg, who were 
Swiss citizens, had been raised to the imperial throne of Ger- 
many, they strove by all the means in their power to bring the 
Swiss 1 1 in Km- German dominion. They affected sovereign rights 
over a large portion of the cantons, and did their utmost to 
enfi tic their claim. Such pretentions met with the most stren- 
uous resistance, notwithstanding the great disparity in the op- 
posed forces. The Swiss were actuated by all the motives that 
can stii-a freedom-loving, free-born people, when the questi&n 
of their independence is vexed by a powerful enemy, ab'e and 
anxious to do them harm: and the Germans were actuated by 
the lust of power, and by that hatred which all enslaved people 
have for those who are not as themselves. Ou many a hard- 
fought field had the question been raised to the music of clang- 
in.' blows on the helmet and cuirass, and to the dirge of many 
a stalwart warrior. On almost every occasion the cause of free- 
dom had triumphed, and the chivalry of Austria had gone 
down before the terrific ardor of the Swiss peasants; but per- 
severance was beginning to tell upon the Swiss strength; for 
every man they lost, the Germans could bring ten fresh men, 
while the gaps in the Swiss ranks were not easily filled up. 
The spirits of tin' patriots were beginning to be depressed by 
the continuousness of the war. and when they were called to 
arms in the summer of 1396, as they bad been called for many 
seasons before, they answered quickly, but with feelings that 
were closely akin to despair. The imperial army was powerful, 
contained some of the flower of German knighthood, and was 
led by a general who was famed throughout Europe'for his 
skill. Already it bad penetrated far into Swiss territory, the 
W( a\ of In-art had given way before it. and there was imminent 
danger of an advance into tin- heart of the home of freedom. 
Prom village and hamlet, from town and suburb, the Swiss war- 
riors came with something of the sense of a forlorn hope, mingled 
with the valor of desperation in their breasts. They could die, 
and they would die, in defense of their country; but they were 
oppressed with the belief thai even this sacrifice would be un- 
availing to save their children from the disgrace of foreign do- 
minion. 

At Sempaeh the armies met, and the Swiss, according to 
Mieir custom, attempted by a furious onset to take the enemy's 
position by storm. To resist them, the iron clad soldiers of 
Austria and Bohemia dismounted, and p'aciiiL' their spears in 
position, waited in dense form the attack of the Swiss. The 
impetuous valor of the mountaineers was thrown awav u] on 



such a defense. They came on, swinging their two-handed 
five-feet-long swords, striving to find a weak place wherein they 
might thrust in the thin end of their military wedge; but they 
were rolled back again, unable to break the serried mass of steel. 
It was a critical moment; if the Swiss could not succeed in sus- 
■ tabling their attack, they must be subjected, in their dispirited 
condition, to an attack themselves; defeat would be disaster; 
even a retreat would lay the country open, and necessitate the 
withdrawal of the patriots to their hills. If the German pha- 
lanx could only be broken the least bit; if room were made in 
it for but one Switzer to get his sword in, then the issue of the 
fight might safely be left to the strong arms and deep-biting 
swords of the patriots. But the opening must be made at once; 
the strength of the assailants becoming exhausted, their spirits 
must be raised forthwith if anything is to be done. 

At this juncture it occurred to the mind of one of the Switzers 
how an opening might be made in the German ranks. If a 
number of the lance-points which presented themselves so for- 
biddingly could be entangled, the assailants might rush in and 
strike down the lance-holders ere they could recover from their 
confusion. What better, what surer way of entangling them 
than by burying them in a human body? Such was the thought 
of Winkelried, a gentleman of Unterwald. He was a husband 
and a father, but above that he was a Swiss. Switzerland was 
his country, all her sons were his brethren; he might safely, 
therefore, leave the charge of his dear ones to those who were 
so closely related to him. Certain death was the inevitable re- 
sult of what be proposed to do; but it was necessary; let the 
result then look after itself. Commending his wife and chil- 
dren to his countrymen's care, Winkelried rushed forward alone 
towards the row of steel points. He came up to the sharp 
outer edge, and gathering up as many lance-heads as he could 
in both arms, suffered himself to be pierced through and 
through. He attained his object, and his dead body won the 
victory. Before the astonished Germans could pluck their 
lances out, the infuriated countrymen of the fallen had passed 
over his corpse, and were among them with the terrible two- 
handed swords. The fury of the attack overbore all the valor 
of the Austrians; they fought well, and many died bravely, but 
they could not prevail; and in an hour after Winkelried had 
breathed his last, such of the Germans as survived were flying 
from that bloody field of Sempaeh, with experiences which did 
not allow them ever again to attempt the conquest of Winkel- 
ried' s countrymen. 



INSECT TREES. — The celebrated insect trees of the Chinese 
province of Lechnen were recently described by Captain W..T. 
(rill, of the British army, in the account which he gave the 
Royal Geographical society of his travels in Western China, -in 
1ST". The insect which produces the white wax of Lechnen is 
reared on these trees, which resemble the orange, but have a 
smaller leaf. They have a very small white flower that grows 
in large sprays covered with masses of blossoms. The tree is 
chiefly grown in the Ning-yuan-fu neighborhood, and the 
eggs are thence transported toward the end of April to Kia- 
ting-fu, where they are placed on the wax tree, which is some- 
thing like a willow. Here the insects emerge from their eggs, 
and the branch of the tree on which they are placed is soon 
covered with a kind of white wax, secreted. This wax is wide 
ly known as one of the choicest products of the province. 



No man can be a man that has not learned to overcome self- 
indulgence; that has not learned through pain, under burdens 
and cosies long continued, to carry himself right manly. , J£ 



-m^- 



T> 



a-TJ^TE3STII-.E IITSTBUCTOR. 



*\ 



THE MISSING PAGES. 

<TJAVEa paper, sir? Something to read in the ears, ma'm! 
Jl ffarper's! Atlantic! Senbner! All the magazines!" 
But the people hurried past John's little stand into the station, 
as they had done all the morning. Only the Post and Journal 
sold, and here was noon! Profit, three cents! On sunny days 
his sales were pretty brisk, but it was drizzling'. The thick, 
Pittsburg air was full of falling soot, and nobody cared to stop 
to buy. _ . | 

"No wonder they want to hurry out of this horrible place! 
muttered John, looking about at the wet, dingy houses, the 
pools of black mud. through which the horses tramped; and 
the clouds of smoke rolling through the streets. He thought 
of the sunny Ohio farm on which he was born, and felt that 
he could nevergrow used to this place. Three cents profit! Xot 
enough to buy a loaf of bread. 

John thought of his mother, and of the scanty breakfast 
which they had eaten together in their bare garret, with its 
windows opening on the sooty roofs. If he could but have 
bad a good trade he might have carried a nice little treat home 
to her. But the crowd hurried past, and nobody stopped. 

"Magazine, ma'm? Something to read on the " 

The lady stopped. "Oodey? Ah, your books are dirty!" 
dropping the sooty magazine with a shrug. 

As if he could help that! But he began blowing away the 
soot for the twentieth time that day. Tt was four years since 
his father bad died, and he and his mother had come down to 
town, and in that time he had done nothing but fight weakly 
against soot and starvation. 

He opened one of the story papers for boys. There was a 
sea-story in it; a boy goes off in the first chapter as a stowaway; 
in the third, "the gallant lad leaped upon deck, and the com- 
modore clasped him in his arms!" 

On the next page was an account of a boy going home from 
work, who arrived just in time to scale the walls of a burning 
house, and rescue a child, for which daring act he was the next 
day taken into partnership by the child's father, a millionaire. 
"Some fellows have such spleiided chalices!" said John, lay- 
ing down the paper with a sigh. "Now. I've been here for 
years and nothing grand or noble ever turns up for me to do. 
Buy ten Posts, fifteen Journals daily; sell them, if I can. On 
Saturdays, buy the weeklies. Once a month the magazines. 
That's the heft of it. year in and year out. How's a fellow 

to make a ten-Strike at that sort of work?" 

An old gentleman who had misBed the train, sauntered up 
and began idly looking over the boy a stock. 

John watched him anxiously. If he should liny 01 f the 

six bound books! Profit was twenty-five cents. II' he should 

buy one of those, he could take home a Utile treat to his 
neither after all. 
The boy's eye- fairly glistened, for. besides being fond of his 

mother, he wa- hungry: and the smell of fried oysters and col' 

fee from the restaurant oear was almost i 'e than he could 

bear. 

The old gentleman took u] of the hook-. John thought 

hi- wa- certainly going to buy i What should the treat be? 

A bitof fresh meat' A mince pie? He decided that the steak 
would he best 

•Aii' here is ■< I ^ which I have wanted for a Ion.' time." 

-aid the gentleman. "What- the price of thi.-. mj boy?' 

' Those are one dollar each, sir." 

'I'll take this. No. you needn't wrap it up. I'll read it on 
the n 





He laid down a bright trade dollar. 

John could almost smell the delicious steak, and he thought 
of his mother's thin, starved face. They had not tasted meat 
for days. But a glance at the book, as the gentleman dropped 
it into his satchel, caused him to say, faintly: 

"Stop, sir! I did not see which one you had taken. That 
is an imperfect copy. There are four leaves missing in the 
middle.". 

"Too had!" — throwing it down. "The dollar please. " 
"Will none of the others suit?" said John. 
"No. I have wanted this book for some time." 
"You can have it for seventy-five cents," said John eagerly. 
"I don't want a mutilated copy at all." 

John handed him back the dollar, and, closing his satchel, the 
man walked on a few steps, and sat down in an open doorway 
to wait for his train. He was a ruddy, fat old gentleman, with 
a kindly, shrewd, blue eye. Having nothing to do, he thought 
the occurrence over leisurely. 

"That's an honest lad," he said to the proprietor of the shop 
in which he stopped. "He might have cheated me just now, 
but he did not." 

"Who? John M'Tavish? As honest as steel. He's been 
under my eye now for four years, and I know him to be a^ 
truthful a lad as ever was born of Scotch blood." 

"Um, urn!" said the old gentleman. But he put on his 
spectacles and eyed John from head to foot. 

The next day he stopped at the same shop, and walked up 
to the proprietor. 

"How's he for intelligence, now?" He began, as if the con- 
versation had s'opped the moment before. "Stupid, probably?' ' 
"I don't think he's very sharp in trade," was the reply; "but 
he's a very handy boy. He has made a good many convenient 
knic 1 -' knacks for the neighbors — that book-shelf for instance. " 
"Why, tint's the very thing T want in a boy! Well, there's 
my train. Good-day, sir." 

"He'll be back again. Odd old fellow," said the merchant. 
laughing. 

The next day he was hack, and he came at the same hour. 
"I like that hoy's looks, sir. I've been watching him. But 
of course he has a doxen relations — drunken father, rag-tag of 
brothers — who would follow him?" 

"No. He has only a mother, and she is a decent, God-fear- 
ing Scotch woman — a good seamstress, John tells me. hut can 
get no work. Times are dull here just now. Pity the country- 
folks will pour into the cil ies. .Mrs. M'Tavish has nothing but 
what the hoy earns at his stand yonder." 

The old gentleman made no reply. I5ut the next day he went 
up to the hoy's stand. John was looking pale and anxious. 

Some of his regular customers had refused to take their mag- 
azines — times being so hard. They Would he a dead loss on his 
hands. 

"Paper? Maeazines, sir'.'" he asked. 

"No. A word with you. my lad. My name is Bohnn. I 

am the owner of the liordale Nurseries, about thirtymiles from 

here. I want a young man to act as clerk and sale-man on the 
grounds, at a salary of forty dollars a month, and a woman 
who will In 1 strict and orderly, to oversee the girls who pack 
flower-seeds, at twent] lour dollars a month. I oiler the posi- 
tions to you ami vour mother, and I give yon until to-morrow 
to think it over." 
"But you .Mm you don't know ie, sir," gasped John. 

''I know Mm very well. I generall; know what I am about. 
To morrow lie ready to give your answer. I will take you lour 

weeks on trial. If I am satisfied, the engagement will be re- 
newed I'ora year, " 



r&* 




CTTT^rimiLTIILIE] IE-STBTJCTOB. 





All the rest of the day John felt like one in a dream. Every- 
body had heard of the Bordale Nurseries, and of good old Isaac 
Bohnn, the owner. But what had he done that this earthly 
paradise should be opened to him? 

"You'll come, eh?" said Mr. Bohnn, thcaextday. "Thought 
you would. When can you begin work?" 

' 'At once, sir. ' ' 

"Good! By the way, there's a vacant hjute on the grounds 
which your mother can have, rent free, if she remains with 
me. A mere box. but big enough — big enough. There's my 
team. Suppose you come out, McTavish, and look about yov.. 
You can come back at night. ' ' 

John locked up the stand, sent a message to h's mother, and 
went with Mr. Bohnr. He had not yet told his mother of the 
change in their afJYrs. 

He was very silent when he came home that night, but oddly 
tender with his mother; and she noticed that he remained a 
long time on his knees at prayer that night. 

They had only a litt'.e bread and milk for breakfast the next 
morning, and John scarcely tasted it. 

: You look as if yi m ci mid in it bear this much longer, mother, ' ' 
he said, coming up toiler and putting his hands upon her shoul- 
der. "You need good, wholesome meals, andthef.esh air, and 
tbe hills and the trees, instead of this!" and he looked out at 
the piled stacks of chimneys, belching forth the b"ack smoke of 
an iron foundry. 

"Don't talk of them. John, lad!" 

"Well, I won't;'' and he put on his hat and went out. 

An hour later hecame back. 

"What is wrong? Why have you left the stand?" his mother 
asked in alarm. 

"We are going to have an outing, mother. Don't say a word. 
I can afford it." 

She never had seen the boy so full of excitement. He hurried 
her to the station, and soon they were gliding among beautiful 
rolling hills, and across lovely meadows, that were sweet with 
the odor of newly-mown bay. At noon they came to stretches 
of rising ground, covered with nurseries of young trees of 
delicate green, and with vineyards, and field after field of roses, 
mignonette, and all kinds of sweet-=:melliug flowers. 

"Why, John, this is fairyland! What is this place?" 

"The Bordale Nurseries. We Till get off here, mother. I 
want to show you a house that — " 

He trembled with agitation. His face was pale as he led 
her down to the side of the broad, glaneirg river, near which 
was nestled in the woods a cosy little cottage, covered with 
a red trumpet-creeper. There was a garden, a well, and a 
paddock for a cow. [ns-idc, the rooms were clean and ready 
for furnishing. The river rippled drowsily against its pebb'y 
shore; the birds darti d through the blue, sunny air; the scent 
of roses came in upon the breeze. 

"Mother," faidJohn, "this, 1 hope, will be y< ur home now." 
And with that he began to laugh and caper about her like a 
boy; but the tears rolled down his thin checks. 

John McTavi-h is now foreman of the Bordale Nurseries, 
and a man of high standing in the country. Not long ago he 
said to old Mr. Bohnn: 

'T owe this all to the friend who sad a good word for me 
that day in Pittsburgh." 

"No. John," said tbe old man, "you owe it to the book with 
the missing pages. The chance came to you, as it comes to 
every boy, to be honest. Honesty and industry, John, are 
what did it, and I am inclined to think they never fail to com- 
mand success in the end. 



l§itfera$!ig. 



JOS3PH SMITH 
1? ".R, O IP ZE3T IE 1 T . 



THE 



( Continued. ) 



I^XCITING events like these did not occupy Joseph's mind 
J to such an extent as to prevent him from actively attending 
to the duties of his office. He had been accustomed to sail in 
a stormy sea, and difficulties did not appal him, or discompose 
his mind, or prevent him from magnifying his calling. On the 
12th of July, 1843, he received that great and important reve- 
lation on Celestial Marriage, through which the greatest revolu- 
tion in family organizations ever witnessed among men, of which 
we have any knowledge, has been effected among the Latter-day 
Saints. The Lord had revealed this principle to him before 
this date. But on thig day he received the revelation which is 
now published. His brother Hyram and Brother William Clay- 
ton were with him when he received it; the latter was the scribe 
on the occasion. By this reve'atioua flood of light was thrown 
upon the principles of eternal life and exaltation, and the path 
which men must pursue to reach the presence of the Father 
and the Son, was pointed out in great plainness. For centuries 
these great truths had been unknown to the inhabitants of the 
earth. But they were again brought to their knowledge. At 
this time it was necessary for the progress of the Kingdom of 
Crod that this heavenly an 1 eternal principle should be revealed. 
But who could receive it? In a public discourse which he 
preached about this time, Joseph mentioned the names of two 
or three Elders who were on the stand behind him, and said if 
he were to tell the things which God had revealed to him, they 
would openly seek his life in the streets of Nauvoo as the Jews 
did the life of Jesus. He knew how unprepared they were to 
receive the important truths which the Lord had revealed. 

It was as much as a man's life was worth in those days to 
say that God required His servants to believe in and practice 
plural marriage. The idea was opposed to the traditions of 
ages, and the so-called Christian world professed to be shocked 
at the bare mention of the principle; yet the Elders who have 
preached this doctrine since Joseph's day have found that cor- 
rupt, impure and dishonest men have bitterly opposed the doc- 
trine and sought to destroy those who believe and practice' it; 
but the virtuous and the honest have recognized its worth and 
acknowledged that, if practiced according to the order revealed 
by tbe Lord, it would save the human family from many of the 
diea Hid evils under which it now groans. 

The Elders who were faithful had a testimony from God that 
Joseph was His servant. They knew that through him the 
Lord bad revealed the gospel to them, and whenhe taught them 
the principle of celestial marriage they sought unto the Lord, 
and He gave them a testimony that it was true. Such'men 
were a great belli tn Joseph in those days; for many wdio had 
walked with him. bo could not trust; they were disposed to 
turn away and betray him. While yet on his mission to Great 
Britain, the Lord bad prepared tbe mind of President Brigham 
Young fiir this principle, by revealing many points connected 
with it. to him. In him Joseph found a steadfast and confiden- 
tial friend, and he was of great service to him. He was the 
president of the Twelve Apostles and the faithful members of 
his quorum were one with him in sustaining Joseph. 




"^ 



JUYEITILB IITSTE/TJOTOB. 



89 






Large numbers of visitors during these days came to Nau- 
voo, prompted by cariosity, to see Joseph, the people and the 
wonderful city that was being built up on one of the most beau- 
tiful sites on the Upper Mississippi River. Joseph found it a 
heavy tax upon him to entertain so much company as he had, 
free of charge. From the foundation of the Church his house 
had been a home and resting place for thousands, and his family 
had often been obliged to do without food themselves after 
having fed all they had to visitors. The constant persecutions 
to which he was constantly subjected, made his expenses very 
heavy, and were a cause of great embarrassment to him. He 
was a liberal, generous man; it was a pleasure to him to have 
it in his powerto extend hospitality to all who entered his doors; 
but he could not do so. He, therefore, found himself reduced 
to the necessity of opening a hotel. He called the house the 
"Nauvoo Mansion." It was a large and convenient build- 
ing, and at that time it afforded better accommodations and was 
provided with a better table than any other place on the Upper 
Mississippi. The brick stable also, built for the use of the 
Mansion, had stalls for seventy-five horses, and room for stor- 
ing the requisite forage for that number of animals. 

The Mansion was opened about the middle of September, Is4.'l; 
but Joseph did not long retain charge of it himself. In Novem- 
ber he rented it and the stables to Ebenezer Robinson; he and 
his family were to board in the house, and have the use of 
three rooms which he reserved. 

{To be Continufd.) 



THE NET II E II E A N 1"> S 



7IV S. VAN IIVK. 



TO a boy or girl born and brought up in the midst of the 
mountains of Utah the Netherlands, or Low Countries) 
must seem a very strange region. It is the very opposite of 
our much loved mountain home. It has no long chain.- of lofiy 
mountains, no rugged canyons, no high peaks pointing heaven- 
wards, with their summits robed with a mantle of eternal snow, 
no bubbling, sparkling, mountain streams, and no pleasant 
valleys and secluded dells. ()a the contrary, a large portion of 
its surface is a dead plain, and what is more remarkable much 
of it lies below the level of the sea, from which it is protected 
partly by natural sand hills and partly by vast artificial dykes 
or embankments. Uiw strange i' would feem to the children 
of Deserct to live in a country blow the level of the sea! 
But though it is without high hilln and mountains, or canyons 
and valleys, its people love it and think it a very pretty country, 

and they have worked hard to make it mi, lor the Dutch are 

a very industrious people. The mom tony of its surface is 
relieved by numerous cinals crossed by frequent bri iges, and 

lined with willow- and Other trees, .'i'ii which, abo, tic roads 
ari- bordered. There are abo laiue and band nun- towns tit 
-hurt intervals, till of which are kepi in a -tati' of the utmost 
order and neatnesp. Thet ntrj i everywhere well peopled, 

and DO population in Mil. ope exhibits a more uniform appear 

if wealth comfort and contentment, We will now tell 
you a little about its dykes. Tito country known as the 
Netherlands was formerly a wide! morass Man has made it 
fertile and habit able by laboriously protecting it, 1 y embank- 
ments, from the overflow of the rivcrtt and the frequent inunda 
lions of thesea. The tea coast is lined in nn •'" i i:i " by -and banks 

Cast up by the Waves Of the mean, and where tbe-e haVO QOl 

been formed the people have built vast dykes formed partly 
of granite blocks brought all the way from Norway, and partly 



of tiinWr. fa~eots. turf and clay. These embankments ar 
u-ually thirty feet high, seventy feet broad at the bottom and 
wide enough at the top for a roadway. It is said they have 
cost $1,500 000,000 and that it costs every year $2,000,000 to 
keep them in repair. 

We think we now heir some of our young readers say, 
"you have told us about the country, how flat it is, and about 
the dykes, and how much they cost, but you have not told 
us where this strange country is to be found." 

True, we must not forget that the Netherlands are a country 
of Europe, more generally called Holland. This land lies 
between Germany, Belgium and the North Sea, or German 
Ocean, which latter separates it from England. Its population 
is about 4,000,000 soul.-: its chief cities are Amsterdam the 
capital, Rotterdam, the Hague, Zwolle Ulrecht and Haarlem. 

Its people, usually called the Dutch, belong to the great 
Germanic family of mankind. The men are generally of middle 
stature, stout in form and of fair complexion. The women are 
tall and good looking, are very domestic in their habits, and 
pay the most scrupulous attention to the cleanliness of their 
houses. In fact, they are generally admitted to be the cleanest 
people in the world; of course there are some exceptions to this 
general rule. Steadiness, economy, perseverance and industry 
are other striking features of the national character. It is 
asserted by many that the youth of both sexes are as sedate and 
courteous as the grown up folks of other nations. 

Smoking is very common among the men, but it is considered 
a shame to the women. They do not know how injurious 
tobacco is to the human system. They also imbibe considerable, 
in fact, too much, strong drink; but drunkenness is rare. 

There is much wealth in the Netherlands, but it is more ^evenly 
distributed than in some other nations; and there is less ostenta- 
tious display among those who possess it. The people, gener- 
ally live frugally, while their houses are plainly built and furn- 
ished. 

The government of the country is a constitutional monarchy. 
and the crown is hereditary in the house of Orati :t — Nassau. 

Before closing, 1 must tell you of one very good institution 
which has been established in Holland, and which has been the 
means of doing much good for the poor of that land. It IS 

called 'The Society for the Promotion of the Public Good." It 
wasfounded in I784byafew kind-hearted persons, and has 

spread until it has now 200 branches throughout the country, 

with many thousand mend ers, each of whom contributes to its 

fun I a small sum annually. Its object is to promote the estab- 
lishment of schools, hospitals, asylums and oilier works of 
public utility. I myself, was a member of a somewhat similar 
society, when I lived in Holland. Its simple name was "Be 
Faithful." One dutj was to go two bj two on winter nights, 

and seek out the honest poo:-, who were too proud to beg, and 

help them with food for the bodj and the soul. 
— _.» . .<»>. . -« > 

Di- '.iii:i:t: \iii.t: Habits. It is easy to form disagreeable 
habits, but not bo easy to drop thorn again. Persisted in. they 

beeo i second nature, Stop and think before you allow 

yourself to form them. The.) are disagreeble habits'of body, 
like scowling, winking, twisting the mouth, biting the nails. 
continually picking at something, twirling a key, or fumbling 
at a chain, drumming with the fing rs, screwing and twisting a 
chair, oi whatever you can lay youi bauds on, Don I do any 
of these things. Cultivate a calm, quiet manner. Bettei be 
a -tame than a jutnping-jack, There arc many worse habits 
than those, to be sure, but we are speaking onh, of little things, 

1 li.it :i: h ai ying when persisted in. 



.0 



^ 




J"TT"V":E:N"i:L.:E] Il>rSTETJCTOB, 




^jOi^ jjuuenilq |(nstradotT. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1879. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




■ORTY-NINE years ago this 6th of April 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints was organized, at Fayette, Seneca 
County, New York, with sis members. 
From that small beginning it has grown 
to its present proportions. From the 
beginning the Church has wielded an extra- 
ordinary influence in the earth; not because 
of its numbers, not because of its wealth, 
because of its popularity, but because it is 
work of God. In the midst of the most 
severe persecutions it has steadily grown and 
prospered. Township mobs tried to destroy it 
when its members numbered but very few; then 
County mobs exerted their power, then State mobs. 
"~\ We have now grown beyond the power of these com- 
rinations, and the persecutions to which we are ex- 
posed come from a greater power. We are now in a 
position to increase more rapidly than ever before, and it is 
surprising how the people are spreading. This country has 
been designed by the Lord as a dwelling place for His Saints 
while they arc comparatively few in number. Large populations 
cannot be sustained in these valleys. We depend upon irri- 
gation; and. a~ the water is limited, so the populations of cities 
and Tillages are limited. This suits our present condition. 
Though not very numerous, we over a large extent of country, 
and have a proportionate importance. 

We do not remember a Conference where the people were 
more numerous at the meetings than this that has just passed. 
The season lias been an exceedingly favorable one for the putting 
in of spring crops. The fanners' work was nevermore advanced 
at this season of the year in these mountains than it was at the 
c immencement of this Conference. This enabled many to be 
present. The teachings were plain and spirited. There is an 
evident increase of union among the people. The increase in 
the payment of tithing during the past year, as reported to the 
Conference, shows the growth of faith in the hearts of the 
i e >ple. 

Our enemies have been greatly disappointed in the results 
which have attended the departure of our beloved President, 
Brigham \ oung. \\ hen he died the general impression was, 
that there would be di\ ision and strife, and that we should fall 
to pieces. This was the hope which many entertained when 
the prophet Joseph was killed, but the Lord does not depend 
upon men for the success of His work. Brother Brigham, 
like Brother Joseph before him, endeavored constantly to 
impress this upon the minds of the people; and now they see 
the truth of their words illustrated once mote. 

The vacancy occasioned bv the death of Brother Orson Hyde 
was filled by the election of Brother Moses Thatcher as one 
of the Twelve Apostles. His election has been received with 
favor by all the people, so far as we have heard. He has 
held the office of President of the Cache Stake of Zion, 
anl won the confidence of the people by his upright course. 



He has also been .an active worker iD the Sunday school 
interest, and has performed the duties of Superintendent of 
Sunday schools in Cache County. 

The years roll by and the purposes of God are hastening to 
their accomplishment. Oar next Annual Conference will com- 
plete the fifty years, during which the Church has been organ- 
ized. What mighty events have been performed during this 
half century! And when we look forward to the future, imag- 
ination can scarcely conceive the wonderful changes to be 
effected through the agency of the Church of God. The 
Latter-day Saints will soon number hundreds of thousands. 
They are to increase, while Babylon shall decrease and go down. 
Babylon contains the seeds of destruction within itself, and the 
time is not far distant when it must fall; but the work of God 
and those connected with it will continue to increase and multi- 
ply and spread abroad until it shall fill the whole earth. 



SUGGESTIONS TO Y. M. M. I. A. 



AT the monthly meetings of the Y. M. M. I. A. of Salt Lake 
Stake the superintendency have offered such suggestions 
from time to time as have been thought necessary for the guidance 
of the associations. We herewith publish those made at the 
quarterly conference, which was held on the evening of the 5th 
inst. , so that they may be more generally known. Associations 
outside of Salt Lake Stake may also find it profitable to act 
upon them: 

Honor, respect and sustain the Priesthood in every position. 

Seek diligently for the the Spirit of the Lord at all times. 

Conduct meetings according to the order of the Church. 

Allow no debates, and avoid parliamentary technicalities. 

Study the principles of the gospel, the Word of Wisdom, 
ancient and modern revelations and prophecies, and note their 
fulfillment. Also study and observe the laws of tithing, build- 
ing temples, donations, and all other duties of Latter-day 
Saints. 

Seek to carry out the marriage laws as God directs. Learn 
and explain the advantages to Latter-day Saints of being- mar- 
ried in the House of God. 

Observe system in exercises, taking biblical, historical and 
religious subjects in the order in which they occur, as much as 
possible. 

Allow no songs, recitations, etc., of a low character. Select 
those with a good moral. 

Be very careful in the selection of reading matter. Avoid 
all works of fiction and books of an evil tendency. 

In purchasing libraries, first, procure, if possible, all the 
Church works. Subscribe, also, for current Church publica- 
tions, to add to libraries. 

Wherever practicable, hold conjoint meetings with Y. L. M. 
I. A. once a month. 

Continue mutual visits between associations during summer 

Season, wherever practicable. 

Encourage attendance at our own Sunday schools. 

Sustain our own day schools, and every other institution of 
our Church, instead of those not of us. 

Discountenance all mask balls, and every thing that is against 
the counsel of the Priest] 1, and that leads to evil. 

Much improvement has been made during the past few 
months. Continue the good work! Hold every inch of ground 
that has been gained ! Ho not fall back into the old ruts! 
Remember the responsibility that rests upon each member, and 
especially upon the officers, to be examples in every respect 
before the community. Persevere, and success will be the result 










JTJTEnMILE'- I1TSTRTJCTOB. 



91 




THE PYRAMID OF GIZEH 



:, 



A NOTICE of the Great Pyramid of Egypt was published in 
the Instructor some time ago, in which it was stated that 
its use had probably been that of an observatory, built upon 
mathemitical"'principles and designed to perpetuate, through 
all succeeding time, a corrtct knowledge of the heavf ns and 
the earth. Reasons were also shown for those conclu-ions. 
But since the tine of publishing that notice a book has been 
widely circulated through this Territory by which it is shown 
still further that even higher objects were in view in the 
building of the Great Pyramid nf Gizeh. The book we 
allude to is entitled "A Miracle in Stone." 

Shakspeare says there are "sermons in stones." The 
work we allude to shows that the stones of this pyramid can 
solve the Imost difficult problems in mathematics — of course 
in terms of lines and angles, for there is no writing The 
very passages and proportions of the pyramid give silent and 
solemn utterances which reveal the most profound mysteries 
of astronomy and prophecy, in the language of geometry. 

To give our youth a general idea of the pyramidal snucture 
we represent ihe external appearance in the accnmpaming 
engraving, and in the next number we shall show the internal 
parts of a pyramid by an ideal section of such a building. 
The Great Pyramid, as it is called, when seen at a distance 
gives no evidence whatever that 
it contains any rooms, chambers 
or passages. Many years ago it 
was broken into by order of one 
of the rulers of Egypt, in which 
country similar structures a- 
bound. It was supposed that 
great treasures would be found 
there. There were treasures, J 
but not such as could be carried 
off by the chief, who wanted 
gold, silver and precious stones. *■* 
All that was discovered then 
consisted of various passages leading up to a chamber in which 
a coffer was found, supposed then to he a sarcophagus, or 
coffin. This was empty; and, with astoni.-hmeui and disgu-t, 
the Arabs closed up the entrance to the pyramid, in which 
staV it remained formany ages. A pyramid niaj bedescribed 
as a building with a square base, living four equal sides 
sloping inward to u point. All pyramids have not the same 
slope as the Or at Pyramid, nor have they the (■arue kind of 
interior. A pyramid has than live sides, ;he four sloping 
.sides arc triangles, the base, or bide on which the pyramid 
stands, is Fquare. The word pyramid is said to menu pyr, or 

division, and met, meaning ten — ■jyyr-mei The word pyramid, 
therefore signifies division of ten, which would be live, the 
prevailing pyramid number, 

The rirst.thing noticeable in the structure of the Pyramid, as 
seen in the engraving, is that it is entirely different in form to 
our modern building*, as, indeed, it is to the general style of 
building among the Egyptians themselves, both in ancient and 
modern times. Many have supposed thai the triangular form 
has :i symbolical meaning, thai there is a triplicity or tri unity in 
nature, which is here typified, Be thai as it may, the triangle 
i- evident!} one of the fundamental geometrical figures of the 

|\ r id, quite as much as the number fiv< is related to the 

i M [them ttica of thai edifii e 

We shall have something more to Bay in our ncxl number 
incoming 'hi- mo-t interesting subject, 



MESSAGE FROM AN INDIAN 
PROPHET. 



BY GEO. W. HILL. 




117 H1LE I was located on Salmon River, in June, 1857, I 
' V had a message brought to me from one who was called 
the Indian "Prophet," which, from its curious nature and 
its literal fulfillment in part, I thought might be of interest 
to some of the readers of the Instructor. I shall not 
attempt to give it in full, as it took the messenger two even- 
ings until near midnight to deliver it. He wished me to 
deliver the message in full to President Young, which I 
never did, as it contained prophecies so unlikely to come to 
pass, and was so full of the miraculous that I thought it 
would not be at all interesting to him. The message in sub- 
stance was about as follows: 

He said that the United States soldiers were coming to 
Utah that summer, as enemies, but that we were not going 
to fight that year. He said, however, that they would come 
in, and he sketched a rude map of the country, showing the 
location of Salt Lake City, and the route that they would 
travel over to Uaurp Floyd. He stated that they would there 
build a fort, but that we would not fight yet. After awhile 
they would go away and then another troop would come from 

the west. He then marked 
the location of Camp Douglas, 
just as correctly as I could do 
it to day, and said that they 
would build a fort right there. 
Then he assured me that we 
would not have to fight yet. 
After a time, he said, they 
would build another fort up in 
the r.oitb, but, even then, we 
. • f-_ would not have to fight. How- 

rt- L c f ever, he said, the time would 
afterwards come when the 
mountains wou'd he full of soldier-, and such fighting as there 
would then lie hid never been seen. Finally, he proceeded 
to say, that if his people would do as he told them they never 
should fight, fir he would do their fighting for them. If 
their enemies came upon them he would meet them, and if 
they were determined lo light, he had power to make the 
earth split and swallow them all up. lie could then cause 
lb • earth to close up again, and they would all be gone. lie 
bad power to create a whirlwind of force sufficient lo take the 
sol liers, cannon, wagons, hor-es, mules, and everything else 
n i and cast tbein upon the top of a mountain, and thai would 
' 'the end of them. lie said he did not need powder and 
lu'l to Bghl with. 

After the Indian bad trot through relating the message, I 

asked him the name of ih' "prophet. ' His answer was 
that the prophet had told him that I would ask his Dame, and 
for him to tell me that ouee upon a tine' the soldiers took him 
and bound him down with chains in the middle of :i strong 
log I e :ii!il set .-i guard .-1111111111 the house to see that he 

did not escape, intending to Kill him, II prayed to his 
Father, and there came ■■> lug wind and broke the house down. 

and 'lid no! leav e log upon another, and killed every 

soldier tb.it was guarding him; but be wasnol hurt, and the 
chains were stricken from him and he was allowt d to go about 

hi- business. At another lime, he paid, they look him and 
dug a deep pit in the ground and tried to bury him ill it. Inn 




rP 



Sfc 



lf^ 



Yri 



ft 



9S 



JUTEITILE IITSTE/UCTOR. 






the earth would not hold hiru. At another time they made a 
fire, such as I never had seen, and bound hiru and threw 
him into the fire; but the fire would not burn him. ''Now," 
said he, to the messenger, "when you tell him this, he will 
know who I am." 

I leave the readers of the Instructor to draw their own 
conclusions as to who this prophet was and by what power he 
was enabled to fortell that Johnson's army was coming as aD 
enemy, and that there would be no fighting, and where the 
soldiers would build their fort and what their destiny would 
be; also that General Connor's command would come from the 
west, and where thev would build their fort. 

All these things he certainly did tell, long enough before 
they came to pass, or before they were apparent to the natural 
man, to entitle him to the name of prophet. 



DIALOGUE ON PHILOSOPHY. 



BY J. L. BARFOOT. 



BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

PRECEPTOR, — We may leave the further consideration of 
the subject of "evolution" to those who are satisfied with 
a belief that is devoid of everything that is soul-inspiring, and 
capable of preparing man for that higher destiny that awaits 
him in the eternal worlds. 

PrriL. — Some people say that the investigation of scientific 
subjects has no tendency to weaken the faith of men in things 
relating to God and the soul. 

Preceptor.— There is danger, for this reason: so much 
sophistry is mixel up with the science and philosophy of the 
day. The spirit of infidelity is aoparent in nearly all the 
writings of a popular character relating to scientific subjects. 
The modern philosophical biology written by Dr. Cazelles, of 
Paris, may be taken as an average specimen of such literature 
as I allude to. He evidently aims at undermining the founda- 
tion of faith in the Creator. Hear what he says when describ- 
ing to his pupils the nature an! tendency of the life functicn^ 
in animals: "We need not recogn'z 1 in this tendencv any such 
mystic entity as an Archoeus, or a vital principle. Sound 
philosophy should discredit all su:h fanciful ideas." This 
means that the ileas we have derived from revelation and 
experience as to the mysterious entity or being, the great 
power by which thinss were made, even the existence of .a 
vital principle itself, should not be believed in: and that such 
thinars are fanciful ideas, opposed to sound philosophy! 

Pupil — Bat I should not believe such statements. There 
are a large number of passages in the scriptures that are far 
nore reasonable about the origin of things. The evangelist, 
John, says that the "Word'' was the great power by which 
thin^- were organiz id in thebeginning: "All things were made 
by him: and without him wa- not anything made which was 
made. In him was life; and the life was the light of men." 

PRECEPTOR.— But this philosopher tells us that there is no 
Archoeus, no primary power to originate, and he speaks with 
as much authority a; tli >ugb he knew all the mysteries of a 
thousand worlds. It is trua there i- no agreement among 
scientific men as to the exact manner in which life commenced 
upon this p'anet, but this gentleman tells us that there is not 
even a vital principle. This kind of philosophy is not based 
upon scientific evidence, but the doctrine is none the less 
pernicious. You think you will nit ba influenced by it, but 
others may be. There issu;h a thing as moral poison, that 



which destroys the divine part of man's nature. Man is 
a three-fold being — animal, intellectual and moral. The 
moral is the most God-like portion of his individuality; poison 
thn", and the man is morally dead to the divine nature. 

Pupil. — I dread to contemplate such a condition in man, 
the noblest of the works of Pjity! It is, however, consoling 
to reflect that true science and genuine philosophy are not 
dangerous to stud v. 

Preceptor. — The late President Brigham Young said, 
when speaking upon this subject: "I haye not had an oppor- 
tunity of making myself acquainted with scientific principles, 
as I should like to have done. I have had other things to do; 
but I am satisfied that every truly scientific man would believe 
the gospel when he heard it." These utterances were spoken 
with an earnestness and assurance which indicated that that 
observaut man had no fears of the consequences of scientific 
investigation. T t is true the world does not give us credit, as a 
people, for even ordinary intelligence; it is even asserted that 
we are deluded, the victims of dreamy cogitations and mental 
hallucinations. Tt is said that there is no science or possibility 
of applying scientific methods to test the truth of our religious 
pretensions. Let us see whether these assertions are true, 
according to the scientific method of proof. The true scien- 
tific method is based upon natural laws, immutable and inde- 
st uctib'e. Mere cogitation, meditati in, may be indulged in 
forever, and not end in exact knowledge. Now, Thudichum 
say-:; "Science is that kind of knowledge, the correctness of 
which can be proved by evidence, convincing to all healthy 
understandings. If from a knowledge of conditions a result 
can be predicted, then there is certainty. Such certainty is 
science. It. consists of observation, meditation, knowledge of 
conditions, knowledge of results and their causes; these, being 
regular, immutable, within the time accessible to our per- 
ceptions, and coercing everything within their sway, are called 
natural laws " Such are the laws which govern our religion. 
Test it, even as the apostle says: "Prove all things and hold 
fast to that which is good." 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 



-J? 



rc^ 



THE condition of the Sunday schools, as indicated by the 
statistical report presented at the late Conference, is most 
gr itifving. Considering the great amount of sickness that has 
prevailed among children during the past few months, we could 
scarcely have expected so good a showing. There are 272 Sun- 
day Schools throughout the various Stakes of Zion with a total 
membership of 33,453, of which number 28,797 are scholars, 
and 4,656 officers and teachers. 

The meeting of the Deseret Sunday School Union in the 
Tlua'te on the evening of Sunday, the 6th inst., was one of 
the most interesting ever held. It was, as usual, very well 
attended, the building being filled to its utmost capacity. 

Superintendent Goddard spoke of the efforts that- had been 
made by the Union to publish music, etc. , for the use of schools, 
and urged all present to sustain these publications with their 
patronage. Suggested that those who had purchased loose 
music cards and used them for some time, now donate them for 
the benefit of the Arizona mission, anil purchase in their stead 
bound music, bonks. 

President Moses Thatcher re] lotted the twenty-one schools of 
Cache Stake as being in an excellent condition. Spoke in the 
highest terms of praise of the Juvenile Instructor, as a 
mentor of the .young, and said it should have ten times its 







CTTJ^TElISriLE I1TSTRUGTOR, 



93 <r& 



b 



present circulation. Found it a good plan to encourage the 
children to assist by their means in building Temples, and an- 
ticipate the blessings that they, if faithful, willreceivein them. 
Advised teachers, when ptintingout to the children what science 
and modern inventions have accomplished, to impress upon 
them that there is a power greater than that of man, that all 
that is good comes from God, and that He only should receive 
their homage. 

Supt. J. B. Maiben gave a very good report of the sixteen 
Sunday Schools of Sanpete Stake of Zion. Felt sure that if 
the children were taught, as they should be, the principles of 
our religion, there would be less disposition among them to 
apostatize after growing to maturity. 

Supt. It. Ballantyne reported the schools of Weber Stake. 
During the past few months a series of exhibitions had been 
held by the schools, with good results. To infuse new life into 
them a number of prizes had been offered to that school 
which would excel all others in the Stake in reciting the Articles 
of Faith and catechism on the early history of the Church. 
and a spirit of emulation had been incited thereby. Monthly 
meetings of those interested in Sunday Schools are now held in 
Weber Stake. 

President Geo. Teasdale, of Nephi, expressed the pleasure 
he felt in laboring in the Sabbath school cause. Considered 
they had a good showing in Juib Stale for so small a place. 
Kegarded those who labored so devotedly as teachers of Sun- 
day schools, as benefactors to the community. 

Supt. A. Chris'eDsenreported the twenty schools of Bo.xE'der 
Stake. Found it difficult to use the singing cards in some sn all 
settlements, through lack of qualified teachers. Hid not ioi d that 
children often wielded great influence over their parents. Had 
seen instances of parents, indifferent about religion, being 
stirred up to diligence through their children practicing the 
precepts taught in Sunday schools. 

A distant Supt. S. S. Jones represented the twenty-s^ven 
Sunday s:-hoo!s of Utah County, as thriving. Thought roth- 
ing more important claimed the attention of the Saints than 
the advancement of the youth. Felt that it sometimes 
might be well to take up a labor with the young men who 
gather in knots outside the meeting hou--e when Sunday school 
is beine held. Found it a good plan for Sunday schools to 
subscribe for a Dumber of copies of the Instructor, to lie 
retained in the office and houn ', when they could be used to 
advantage as text books. 

Supt. ( roddard Kprke of the quarterly reviews that had been 
inaugurated in many of the Sunday schools, and ivc imniendcd 
their general adoption. 

General Supt. Geo. ( ) Cannon stated that he had learned 
that the young Elders, now laboring in the British miss. on, 
'were generally much better qualified to teach and defend our 
principle, th in tho*e formerly ne r. lie could easily account 
for this fact after hearing thai onl of twenty three who had 
been called, twenty-two were i, .kin Prom the Sunday school 
ranks. I [a 1 been impressed while on bis la-t mission to Europe, 
with th ■ importam e of early training For missionaries, ami le't 
to covenant before the Lird that he would ever afterwards 
labor uncea ingly to that end. For this reason lie had started 
the p iblication of the Juvenile Instri ctor. Considered a 
knowledge of the p inciples of our religion bestowed upon chi' 
( 1, ,, like the chart of the mariner— a guide to them in the 
hour of peril, Regarded it ;is the 6r>l duly of parents to 
teach their children, I o become familiar with ibem, to talk to 

them frequently, in private, and learn their secret il ghts, 

:,n i , 1 th< in against vice. 

P 



Elder Erastus Snow stated that from two-fifths to one-third 
of the population of Utah are under eight years of age, and 
about the same proportion between the ages of eight and 
eighteen. This proved to him the importance of the work 
of training the young. When many of the young men were 
engaged in freighting and mixing with bad company, there was 
causa for forebodings for their future; but since the completion 
of the organization of the Quorums and the extension of the 
Sunday schools and Mutual Improvement Associations, their 
prospects have greatly improved. 

The speeches, during the evening, were interspersed with 
singing by the 1 lith Ward choir. The meeting was very orderly, 
and an excellent sphit prevailed. 



.A. DIALOGUE, 
Between a Gen/ile Gentleman anil a "Mormon" Boy. 



Gextile Gentleman. — "My boy, what is all this stir about? 

"Mormon" Boy. — "Oh, its conference, sir.' 1 

G-. G.- "Conference! What's that?" 

M. B — "The conference of the Church." 

G. G— "Whit Church?" 

H. B —"The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints." 

G. G. — "You mean the 'Mormon' Church, don't you?" 

M. B. — "Some people call it by that name, but improperly." 

G. G. — "Then you speak of it by the correct name?" 

M. B. — "Certainly I do, sir. Everybody should." 

G. G.— "Well perhaps they should." 

M. B — "It is not a mark of good breeding to call people by 
nicknames." 

(t. G — "That is true, my boy. But what is this conference 
for?" 

M. B — "A conference means a meeting of people to confer 
about something." 

G. G.— "Certainly." 

M. 15. — "Well, this is a conference of the Church; that is, of 
the authorities and members of the Church; or as many of them as 
can make it convenient to attend, to confer together upon the best 
means of promoting the interests of the Church; which means the 
best interest of the people, and indeed, of all mankind." 

G. G.— "Very well said. How often are these conferences 
held?" 

M. B. —"This is the annual gsneral conference. One has been 
held every year since the Church was organized." 

G. G.— "When was that?" 

M. 15.— "()n the 6th of April, 1830." 

<;. (r. — "Then this must be the forty-ninth? ' 

M. 15. -"Yes, sir." 

(1. G.— "Are they always held on the Cth of April? ' 

M. B.— "Yes, sir, thai is the day they common n, but some. 

times they are continued to n later day. when circumstances render 
it very desirable." 

<;. (i. -"Are there any other i ferences held in the Church 

I haii these annual ones?" 

M I! — "Oh yes, sir. A semi-annual general conference is held 
on the Cth of October every year, which is supplementary to thu 
annual il'ercnce, and is hold for similar purposes." 

( ; G. — "A ny others?" 

M I'.. "Yes, sir, a greal many, lml no other regular, genera] 

conforo - of the Church. Sometimes a special general i fer- 

cncc of the Church i- held, to consider ■ particular busim s. 

hat cannol be convenientlj postponed till the m si regular confer- 
once." 

(I.C. -"But what Othei nl'erciicc- are held ill Ih" 

Churchr 1 

M. B. "Regular quarterly iferonees are hold in each Stake 

of the Church." 

<;, <;. "A stale' what is a state ■ 



ifete 



Cfc 




94 



J" TT "VIE IST I LIE I1TSTBUCTOR. 



(P. 



M. B -"The Church in this Territory and adjoining Territories 
is divided, for purposes of government, into a number of Stakes, 
each Stake usually, but not necessarily, comprising all the Wards, 
or tranches, of the Church in one County." 

G. G —"What are these Stake conferences for?'' 

M 1!.— "To confer upon and promote the interests of the Stakes 
in which they are held.'' 

ft. G. - "Are any more conferences than these held?" 

II. B. — "Yes, sir. The relief societies hold conferences, and so 
do the young men's and young ladies' mutual improvement 
associations." 

G. G.— "Surely these must be all!" 

M. B. — "No sir. Conferences are held in distant missions of 
the Church. For instance, in the British mission sometimes a 
general conference is held to consider the interests of the mission. 
That mission is divided into several districts, called conferences, 
each having its president, who is subject to the president of the 
whole mission, and he to the presidency of the Church. Each of 
those conferences usually hold* quarterly conferences, sometimes 
not so frequently, to confer upon the interests of the Church in 
the conference." 

G. G — "How long do these conferences continue?" 

M. B. — "Conferences in distant missions usually continue one 
day, sometimes longer. Stake conferences usually, but not 
always, continue two days. General conferences of the Church 
continue from two to four days, very seldom longer." 

G. G. — "How are these conferences conducted?" 

M. B. — "The President of the Church, by virtue of his office, 
presides over the general conferences of the Church. The meetings 
are generally opened by singing and prayer and closed by singing 
and benediction. The principal proceedings at one of these 
conferences consist of preaching by different persons, the reading 
of reports of the condition and progress of the Church, the filling 
up of vacancies in the organization, the calling of missionaries, 
the presentation of the general authorities of the Church, for the 
people to sustain them or otherwise by their votes, and the trans- 
action of any other Church business that may be considered 
necessary or desirable." 

G. G. — ""Well, my bov, you have given me an intelligent and 
satisfactory statement about these conferences. But I must go 
now." 

M. B. — "If you can spare the time, sir, you might attend some 
of the meetings before the conference closes, and then you could 
see and hear for yourself." 

G-. G. — "Are any but Church members allowed to attend?" 

M. B.— "O yes. sir. Nobody is excluded that wishes to be 
present." 

Cr. ft.— "Oh, well, then, T think I will try to attend one of the 
meetings. Rood morning " 

M. B. — "I would if I were yon, sir. Goo3 morning." 



if, 0rres;t0njfetuc. 



T-t " ^' " 1 



rf 



Washington. 

Washington Co . Utah. 
March 30th, 1879 
Editor Juvenili Instructor: 

Deah Brother:— "When we seriously reflect and 
cnsi ler the magnitude and importance of the great work of the 
last days, pertaining to tl e redemption of the human family, we 
have a natural anx'ety to do all that we can in its interest and 
advancement Tn keeping with those feelings, our attention is 
directed to the rising generation, the children of the Latter-day 
Saints; particularlv so. when we consider that the more aged 
members of the Church have had to grapple with the false tradi- 
tion- of past ages inherited by them from their forefathers, and 
theeonsequentloss of timi? involved in endeavoring to free them- 
ves from those traditions, and then with only partial success in 



sel 



many instances. It becomes apparent to the reflecting mind 
that those institutions of the Church whose object is to teach the 
youth correct principles of morality and the pure truths of the 
gospel, the Sundaysehoo's and Improvement Associations, >h mid 
be fostered and encouraged by ev?ry Latter-day Saint. No pains 
or expense should be spared to promote their interests, for their 
labors are of vital importance, in molding the minds and shap- 
ing the future course of the youth of this people; and every 
energy and faculty of the soul should be bent in the support of 
those institutions. They are worthy the patronage of all Parents 
should do all in their power to encourage theirchildren to attend 
ano. when needed, assist cheerfully in contributing of their means 
to ad in this great, work 

Anotherimportant requisite in connection with thoseinstitutions 
is. a faithful and efficient corps of teachers and officers, all of 
whom should be of tliat class whose character stands unimpeach- 
able before the public; thus equipping those insitutions with a 
power and influence most potent in its effects. 

I feel to make an appeal to my fellow laborers in those depart- 
ment--, and sav, let us go forward unitedly to the work, and with 
renewed interest, and never rest satisfied until those, institutions 
shall have acquired a status, adequate in every respect to their 
importance. 

We want to see our young folks more than fill the places of 
their fathers and mothers, and, not being trammelled with the 
false traditions of past ages, they should be able to stand forth in 
majesty and power as ambassadors of Christ, to carry forward 
the great latter-day work to its final consummation. 

Robt. F. Goold. 



L westoft, England. 

March 18th, 1879 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

I have been here about four mouths, laboring in the 
Norwieh Conference, the most easterly portion of England. The 
cities of Yarmouth and Lc westoft are included in my field of 
labor. Thevare the great fishing cities, famous for the Yarmouth 
bloater. Nearly all the herring, cod and mackerel that we have 
in our country are brought into these two ports. Here the fish 
are dried aud packed, and sent to all parts of the earth. In 
Lowestoft, alone, the smaller of the two cities, there are over 
four hundred smacks, or sailing vessels, constantly engaged in 
fishing. They count the herring by "lasts," 'en thousand to a 
"last" The past year was a very bad one for fishing. Many 
companies did not e'ear expenses, leaving the poor fisherman 
without a penny. This has resulted in want and starvation, the 
fishermen working for a share in the profits. But. the master's 
share is taken first, and often the lion's share, as he rules here, 
and the poor have to feel the weight of his paw. 

I must say that children in Utah know but little of, nor can 
they realize, what children here have to pa s s through; and I hope 
they never may, from experience. But, while surrounded by 
the blessings of the gospel and the comforts of life that they have 
in their mounatain homes, they ought to be truly thankful that 
they are so highly favored. 

I know many of the Saints here who find it hard to get work at 
any price, and hundreds are laboring for twelve. shillings, orS ; !.tX» 
per week, with four to six in family that cannot earn a penny, and 
perhaps three or lour more that earn from three to five shillings, 
or seventy-five cents to $1.26 per week, and their parents have to 
hoard, lodge and clothe them. Then, food and clothing are very 
dear. Flour is about $8.40 per cwt., beef and mutton twenty- 
four ct3. per pound, and potatoes about $1.25 per bushel. 

Figure upon it, and see how they can live, if you can, with house 
rent and coal about as dear as in Salt Lake City. 

SI leather i ■ a little dearer hen; than in Salt Lake City, and 

clothing about t e same If many who are in Zion, had to be fed 
and clothed from the scanty supply that many here are forced to 
put up with, for just a little while, perhaps they would more dis- 
tinctly remember their promises, and the obligations they owe to 
many poor Saints in this land. 



.11 







CTTJ^TEi^TILE I1TSTRTJCTOB 



95 




"While the poor are thus situated, it is quite different with the 
rich. A few weeks ago I visited Flixon Hall, the private residence 
of the present owner, Lord "Wavery, who has been married twice, 
but has no child to inherit his wealth. At his death the whole 
estate goes to his relatives, who feel thankful, I suppose, from 
what I have heard, that he has no children, and hope he soon will 
die. He has about 3,000 acres of land in his park and pleasure 
grounds. About three hundred white, red and yellow deer grazed 
un a portion of the park as I traversed the beautiful gravelled 
walks with the head steward. He described to me the names 
and cost of the beautiful evergreens .and shrubbery that so 
richly adorned the surroundings. It was winter, and the flowers 
did not appear in the gardens, but in the green houses it was won- 
derful to behold the beauty and grandeur of the flowers and plants, 
that know not winter's chilling blast. Many of the trained trees 
were beautiful, and I also noticed many beautiful statues, etc. 
The little limpid lakes, covered with water fowl of many kinds, 
were also interesting. I learned that the owner of all this wealth, 
is seldom here to enjoy it. The ambitious desire for a name, 
power and influence; the revelry and trickery of high life among 
the titled ones of the earth, have more attraction for his lordship 
than all these. 

These are a few among the many scenes that present themselves 
to the view of a traveling Elder, if he keeps his eyes open as he 
passes through the world. How different in Zion! And now that 
we have been brought to see the difference between Zion and Bab- 
ylon, may we never cease our labor for the building up of the 
Kingdom of God. 

Yourbnf :e;' in the gospel. 

Joseph B. Eldek. 



Y. M. M. I. A. 



%J 



A MEETING of the officers and members of the Young 
Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Territory 
was held in the Theatre in this City on the evening of the 8tb 
inst. 

Of the twenty Stake organizations that exist in the Territory, 
nineteen were represented at the meeting. The statistical report 
read showed that there were 212 associations, with a total mem- 
bership of 8,959. 

Elder Moses Thatcher, being requested to speak, said that he 
had never been called to any labor that had afforded him move 
pleasure than that in connection with the Sunday schools and 
Mutual Improvement Associations. Regarded Utah as a great 
field for missionary labor. Sa : dthat when young people seek a 

knowledge of God and His laws they extend their happiness; 

for to know God is the foundation of all happiness. Drew a 
comparison between the condition of the youth when the Terri- 
tory was first settled and now. tbshowthe extent of their advance- 
ment. Stated that he never even looked inside a school house till 
after he was eleven years of age, Alluded to the evils of intem- 
perance. I tL'cd the young to shun vice and avoid temptation. 

( ' pared the respective effects of evil indulgence and resistance 

to temptation to the process of printing chromos. .Many im- 

pressii f the canvas upon the stone might be made before 

any resemblance to the model pictun uld be discerned; but 

;,- ii approached comp'etion the final effect became '<• appar 

mi. Twenty-eight impressions were sometimes necessary to 
complete the picture, alter which it appeared either beautiful 

or hid -. according to the design. 

Mlilcr Erastus Snow said Utah presented a ■<■ important 

fie'.d for missionary labor than did any foreign nation. The 
S'ainte had been gathered here to be educated to serve God and 

i,, escape the pi a '.'He- decreed, which cm ly he done by Bhun- 

ning those vices that will bring plagues, While men and 
a -n have the weaknesses of human nature, ihej will always 



have a warfare to fight. Must not expect children born in Zion 
to be free from temptation. Vice lurks in darkness, and steals 
noiselessly around the roots of society, undermining health, 
virtue, manhood, honor — all that is noble, good and lovely. As 
"eternal vigilance is the price of safety," so ceaseless watchful- 
nsss is the price of virtue and honor. 

The speaker charged the officers of Improvement Associations 
and the matrons of Relief Societies to portray before the youth 
at suitable times, the temptations that would beset them, and 
the dreadful results of yielding to them, that they might be 
forewarned and forearmed. 

Elder Joseph E Smith said that a knowledge of the principles 
of our religion should be the foundation of education. All 
learning will avail us nothing if devoid of this, when we stand 
before the bar of God. Schools should be conducted by men 
well acquainted with those principles, and who believe in and 
practice them. The same will apply to Mutual Improvement 
Associations. To organize as debating societies or lyeeums, to 
discuss secular subjects and pay no regard to religion, is not the 
proper way. 

The speaker said he owed his advancement in the Kingdom 
of God, to the start he got when a boy, in an improvement 
association. Considered it better, as a rule, for the young 
men's and young ladies' associations to meet separately, and 
then hold conjoint meetings once a month. Advised those 
intending to purchase libraries to c omtueuce by procuring the 
works of the Church, and sub-cibing for such current pub- 
lications of the Church as would do to bind in book form. 
Spoke of the prevalence of drunkenness. Objected to the 
common expres-ion that man, by such indulgence, degraded 
himself to the level of the bm;e creation. Considered it a 
libel on the dumb brutes, as man is the only animal that will 
so debase himself. 

Elder J. F. Weils said that where the interest could not be 
kept up in the weekly meetings of an association during the 
summer season, it would be well to discontinue them till 
autumn, lest it shou'd die out entirely. In any case, he thought 
it well to meet once a month conjointly with th j Y. L. M. I. A. 
Advised systematic labor; favored distinct organizations, and 
hoped to be able to supply stake superintendents with blanks 
for quarterly aud semi-annual reports in the future. 

During the evening the 15th Ward choir discoursed sweet 
music, and the large audience seemed to enjoy the meeting. 

The progress made in Mutual Improvement matters of late, 
is very encouraging. In the Salt Lake Stake alone, 367 mem- 
bers have been added duiing the past three months; and there 
has been a corresponding increase in several other Stakes. 



PUNCTUALITY. — Method is the hinge of business.; and there 

is no method will t punctuality. Punctuality is important, 

because it subserves the peace and g 1 temper of a family. 

The want of it not only in fringes on necessary duly, but sometimes 

excludes this duty. The calmness of mind which ii produces 
is another advantage of punctuality. A disorderly man is 

always in a hurry. He has no lime to speak to you because he 
is going elsewhere; and when be gels there, he is too late for 
his business, or he must hurry away to another before he can 

finish it. Punctuality gives weight to character, "Such a man 

has made an appointment; then I know be will keep it." And 

this generates punctuality in you; for, like other virtues, it 
propagates itself! Appointments, indeed, become debts. 
I owe you punctuality, if 1 have made an appointment 

with you, and have no right to throw away your time, if I do 
m V own. 





96 



j~tt"v:e]:n"it_,:e iustbuctor. 




KIND WORDS ARE SWEET TONES OF THE HEART. 

Words by J. L. Townsend. 



Music by E. Beesi.ey. 



$ 



is 



m 



1 



fcS 



^^ 



1*=^ 



;£==£ 



Let us oft speak kind words to each oth - er, At tome or where'er we may be; Like the 

Like the sunbeams of moru on the mountains, The soul they a - wake to good cheer; Like the 



fct 



ffi 



i=i z ^4^=^ d =3l^=^^ 



— \--«f- 

-a>- -& 



~& 



^%r 



: *^F 



ffi^E^ 



i 



5 



=«P 



i 

3 



3 



-&■ 



^ 



*& 



4*=^ 



afcat 



* 



:1* n» 



^= g?.=iEJ!g^ 



ft 



le^s 



=fc 



s 



1. warbling of birds on the heather, The tones will be welcome and free; They'll gladden the Heart that's repining, Give 

2. murmur of cool, pleasant fountains, They fall in sweet cadences near. Let's oft, then, in kindly-toned voices, Our 






&- -at- -a ei- -&- ^a- -&■ 




^it^-W 



^^ 



s 



F 



s=p— - «— P 



3 



3 



£=*■ 



-&- -&- 



(t) 1 2—1 



=fcZ^2 



g^St, 



^ 



.c? 



?=3g=l=s 



t^l^Z 



1. courage and hope from a - bove, And,wherethedarkcloiidshidefheshining, 

2. mu-tu-al friendship re -new, Till heart meets with heart and re -joices 



Let in the bright sunlight of love. 
In friendship that ev - er is true. 



I 



m 



-> h 



£ ! ££ E fWW?^f^Sfii?f3s§i^jP 



II 



^E 



s^£-^V^-J— g— JX-cP 



i-:- 



^3 



5- , 



u»c 



^ 



^ V 



=i 



3 



^1 



J 



:S=il 



— ^ 



- s - 



===: tf c= — 1 E 

.(g~=— tg g>=l— b=^ 4 

■^ L> 1 S> ■ 1> 9- 



( )! the kind wi nils we give Shall in mem -o 

m 



v, 




e 



ft: -&z 



.>- 



live, And 

-13- 

-«p 4> 



sunshine for 
-3»- -/*»- • -<»- 



I 1/ 

ev - er 



im 



^ 



-+- 



Itt 



-. — at-* — et — ' m « — o — <• — &) — -± '— gH 



fefe 



-i 



o 



part; Let us 



oft speak kiml wordsto each 
^- -a^ -^ 



oth - er, 

■i» — 1»- 



'-- 



Kind words are sweet tunes of the 



heart. 




•-k>; 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 6 is Father. 
We have received correct solutions from Mary E. Shelly, 
American Fork; M. E. Little, Kanab; William <!. Goodman, 
Mioersville; Nathan J. Harris, Harrisville; Mary Stewart, 
Provo; Emily J. SofTe, Lucy A. Winward, South Jordan; J. 
Walton, 1. Waltsn, Mill Creek; Geo. Weston, Jos. Gibbons, 
Lake Town; A. 11. Keller, Manti; A. C. Anderson, Ephraim: E. 
M. White, M. E. Stoddard, S. A. Florence, C. F. White, West 
Porter; L. Osguthorpe, East Mill Creek; H. Clough, Cohoes, 
N. Y.; Jas. Jepson, Virgen City; B. J. [Beer, Salt Lake City. 



J-TTVIEirsriXiE] INSTE/TJOTOBi 
Is Published in Salr Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



<- [•:.>;{<. [•: q,. cannon, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postagr 




