®p m 





<JOiJJVESS TO THE LORD, 





S" ^jc, " tJ*^ - 




VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY. APRIL 1. 1876. 



NO. 7. 



■willi^m: FZEnsrzrsrs treaty with t_hhe Tirx3iA.isr3. 



Most of our youns: readers who are at all versed in the his- 
tory of our own nation will be able to guess very readily 
the purport of the picture which we herewith present. Will- 
iam Perm's treaty with the Indians and the general policy 
which he pursued towards them have been a theme of eulogy 
for almost two centuries, have afforded subject matter for 
scores of interesting essays and hare heen treated upon by 
seme of the best writers who have lived since the days of the 
settlement of Pennsylvania, 



means, he and some fellow students win. had also become 
Quaker-, at. icke 1 several of the other buy ■ of the school and 

tore the obnoxious surplice from their backs, for this ho was 

expelled from the university, and punished by his father with 
:i beating. However that did not change his conviction nor 

dampen his ardor; neither did a tour abroad, on which his 
father sent him. hoping that thereby hi- mind Would be 

diverted from religious matters, have the desired effect On 

his return he refused ''to take oil' hi- hat to anybody, not even 





William IVim was certainly a very remarkable man. He 
was the son of an eminent English Admiral, ondwasbornat 
London, Oct 14, 1644. He became a convert to Quakerism 

when quite youns:, while attending scl I at Oxford He took 

hold of the now faith with so much enthusiasm that he refused 
to attend the Church of England service or to wear the sur- 
plice that the students were required to and. not itonl With 

bowing hi- disrespect for tie- established church by that 



to tb. kite', tie- Duke of York ,.r the admiral himself." I 

this he was turned out of .1 - bj hi- rather; but all <" no 

purpose, He continued to preach and publish his dootrinos; 
and although, for doing so 1.. wa twice confined in tin' fan 
don Tower and * rved a term of -i\ months' imprisonmi nl in 
\. « it.\ I..,- refusing to take an oath at In- trial, If oontinued 
:,. ti tin and unyielding as ever in his religious oonvici 
Uto the death ofhisfathor, whii h occurred in 1670, he obtained 





74 



J" TJ "V IE 3ST I L IE IUSTRUCTOB. 






a grant from the English government for the territory now form- 
ing the State of Pennsylvania, in consideration of a claim 
for mouey which his father had held against the government. 
His design was to make a home there for the persecuted Quak- 
ers who might choose to emigrate there, and to establish a 
government suited to his ideas and principles. He proposed 
to call the territory Sylvania, on account of its forests, but 
at the suggestion of the king, Charles II., he added Penn 
to it, making it. as now known, Pennsylvania. 

Penn sailed for America in August, 1683, accompanied by a 
number of his friends, and on the 30 th of November following 
he held his famous council with the Indian tribes uuder a large 
elm tree at Shackamaxon, now Kensington. This is the scene 
which is portrayed in our engraving. By the wise and liberal 
course which he pursued with the Indians he won theirrespect 
and love, and the treaty of peace which he entered into with 
them, unlike most treaties with the Indians, was never broken; 
and it is -aid. as a consequence, that "not a drop of Quaker 
blood was ever shed by an Indian." 

Th°re is a marked resemblance between the policy pursued 
by William Penn and that of the Latter-Day Saints, with the 
Indians. Unlike most other leading colonists of America in 
that early period, he treated the Indians like human being. 
who had rights that he should respect. He had purchased 
iii i id from the English government, yet ho did not consider 
that this entitled him to any right to drive the poor Indians 
from the possessions which were theirs by inheritance. Pres- 
ident young and those associated with him in leading the 
Latter-Day Saints have always pursued a like conciliatory 
course with the Indians, considering it more just and humane, 
and more economical too, to tied the Indians than to fight 
them. 

Then the ideas of William Penn too in regard to government 
and also of laying out cities were much like those entertained 
by tlii' leaders of our people. His design for the city of 
I Iphia was to have a garden around each house, much 
the tame as the plan that has been followed in laying out the 
cities and villages of this Territory. To this tact is due the 
present existence of the beautiful squares of Philadelphia. 



f hi $,■ 



enca. 



BY ft. M. O 



ANCIENT PERU. 



{Confirmed.) 

AT Acarpa are ruins of buildings supposed to have been 
erected during the times of the Incas, and near by are the 
pre-Incarial monuments of Quellenata, consisting of a vast 
number of chulpas. varying in size, and surrounded by walls of 
rough stones, pierced with doorways. Near the town of Cacha 
are the remains of the temple of Viracocha. The remains 
of this building stand on a series of terraces in the centre of a 
great semicircular area. Ruins of other structures covering a 
wide space lie scattered around. The most Important part of 
tin' ruined temple remaining is a high wall of adobes, erected 
on a foundation id' stone. The hight of the wall is sixty feet, 
.-bowing evidently a building originally three stories in hight. 
t )ne or two tall columns, built in a like mauuer still remain 
and one gable of the building." 



Mr. Squires regards these structures as second to none in 
Peru in interest, architecturally or otherwise, and takes occa- 
sion to correct errors in regard to ancient Peruvian architecture 
that has received the support of Humboldt and Prescott. They 
and other authors seem to have been surprised to find gables 
like our own dwellings, and express the belief that they were 
added alter the com | nest. "Had those writers visited," says 
Mr. S., "the southern and central portions of the country they 
would have found the use of gables and of windows almost uni- 
versal, (rabies are even to be found among the ruins of Grand 
( 'Ilium, on the coast; where rain[seldom falls. Everywhere in 
the interior the ruins of Inea towns are specially marked by 
their pointed gables which have almost always one and fre- 
quently two windows. These windows were sometimes used as 
doorways for entrance to the upper or half story of the edifice, 
and were reached by a succession of flat stones projecting from 
the walls so as to form a flight of stops." 

Twenty miles from Cuzco are the ruins formerly defending 
the "Pa-s of Piquillacta." Here are massive walls of stone, 
twenty and thirty feet high, pierced by two gateways. The 
stones are out with such remarkable precision that no cement 
i- used and the thinnest blade of a knife cannot be inserted 
between them. Inside the wall are tin- remains of barracks 
and guard houses. Leading from the' fortress are the remains 
of a well graded road which lakes you to a vast group of ruins, 
ot the ancient and extensive walled town of Muyna. This 
town was originally laid out with avenues and streets and pub- 
lic squares. 

Leaving the valley containing these ruins, the traveler enters 
the pass of Augostua (the narrows), the bights all around cov- 
ered with ruined structures of Inea origin, and reaches a point 
where the city and valley of Cuzeo opens on his sight. The 
situation and description of this famous city with its interest- 
ing history and its ruins is familiar to all. Mr. Baldwin says; 
"Cuzeo of the Incas appears to have occupied the site of a ruined 
city of the olden period." Montesinos supposes the name to 
be derived from "coscos," (heaps of earth) which abounded 
there, and Baldwin supposes that the first Inea found on its 
site nothing but "coscos" or heaps of ruins. The Cyclopean 
remains of the great temple of the sun now form a portion of 
a convent. . Originally the building covered "a circuit of more 
than four hundred paces," and was surrounded by a wall built 
of cut stone. Remains of the palace of the first Inea are >still 
in preservation, also the walls of the convent of the virgins of 
the sun and the palaces of the Incas: Viracocha, the two Yu- 
panquis, Huayna-Capac and the Inea Rocca. The two rivulets 
Rodadero and Huatenay, running through the city, were shut 
in by walls of stone beautifully cut, with stairways descending 
at intervals to the water. Bridges composed of a single stone, 
sometimes of two stones, projecting from either side and over 
lapped by a long stone, are still remaining. Owing to the 
declivities of the ground the ancient architects resorted to an 
elaborate system of terracing in order to obtain level areas for 
their buildings. These terraces are faced with walls slightly 
inclining inwards, composed of stones of irregular size and 
countless shapes, accurately fitted together, while the monotony 
of the wall is broken by niches always narrower at the top than 
at the bottom. Remains of those walls still attest the mechan- 
ical ingenuity of the builders, "not excel'ed in any of the 
structures of Greece or Rome, and which modern art may 
emulate but can not surpass," says Mr. Squires. 

The capital of the Inea empire was not defended by walls 
such as protected some of the ancient Peruvian cities, but it 
had its citadel built upon a bold headland projecting into the 



"3 






OCT) 
Ci 




J TJ "V IE IN" X L IE IITSTBTJCTOR. 





valley. On this hill, which rises 7(30 feet above, and is to the 
north of the city, the Ineas erected that gigantic fortress, 
denominated by the conquerors the eighth wonder of 
the world. Mr. S. says: "The remarkable feature of the 
walls of the fortress on its only assailable side is the conforma- 
tion with modern defensive structures in the employment of 
salients, so that the entire face of the walls could be covered 
by a parallel fire from the weapons of the defenders. This 
feature is not the result in any degree of the conformation of 
the ground, but of a clearly settled plan. The stones compos- 
ing the walls are massive blocks of blue limestone, irregular in 
size and shape, and the work is altogether without doubt the 
grandest specimen of the style called 'Cyelopean' extant in 
America. The outside wall is the heaviest. Each salient ter- 
minates in an immense block of stone, sometimes as high as 
the level of the terrace which it supports, but generally sus- 
taining one or more great stones only less in size than itself. 
One of these stones is 27 feet high, 14 broad, and 12 in thick- 
ness. Stones ot 15 feet inlength, 12 in width and 10 in bnickness 
are common in the outer walls. They arc all slightly beveled on 
the face, and near the points chamfered down sharply to the 
contiguous faces. The points, what with the lapse of time, 
and under the effects of violence, earthquakes and the weather, 
are now, if they ever were, as perfi ct as represented by the 
chroniclers. They are, nevertheless, wonderfully close and cut 
with a precision rarely seen in modern fortifications. The 
inner walls (two) are composed of smaller and more n ;ular 
stones and are also less impressive." 

Many parts of this old fortress, called Sacsahuaraan, ("Gorge 
thyself, hawk!" or "Fill the falcon!") still remain as perfect 
as on the day of its construction. 

Twenty miles from Cuzco in the valley of Yucay, the [ncas 
had their gardens and baths, in fact their summer residences. 
In Chinchero, a village si uated on one of the two roads lead- 
ing to those gardens, are v< ry elal orate remain" of an ancient 
palace; ami in the vicinity arc great sculptured rocks, pe fectly 
enigmatical, the most interestins one representing 
of a puma or tiger reclining on it- side with one of its young 

in its embrace, a< if suckling. 

Mr. Squires says, "What at once arrests ' ition ol the 

visitor to the Vallej of Yueay is the vast system of terra 
that lines it on both side, whenevei the conformation of the 
ground admits of their con tru tion, and of which th i 

'andenes' or gardens of the Inca, form part. Tl 

rising from the broader mass al the »unds, 

climb the circumscribing in. tains to th. IV-uu 1,000 

to 1,500 feet, na tow Qg as the ; " ' 

are scarcely two feet broad. The terrace walls are of- rough 
stones, well laid, slightlj ird, and of va 

hight of from three to afteen feet. Ve in i/.cquia c 

artificial aqueduct, starting high iwravin 

verge of the snow, is carried along the i lountain id 
or through the 'andenes,' from whi liwa is taken 
gatii o, running from one terrace to the >>■ .; a id a 
tributed over all. 

The n i la id a e and costly gardens i 

beautiful, were built al the mouth of a 1 unl Calea 

Bere the rushing to n confined in a si 

between walla of 3tone, and, falling over artificial ca 

irrigate Dumerous terrai is c n tructed in nlnn n 

ceivable form, in outline, of th quarc and circl n 

broad terrace, high up am .ngthe gardens, c mndinj 

nltleen, view of the valley, -t I the summer palace of the 

[noas, only a few of its beautifully cul stonei remainin to indi- 



cate its site and masterly architecture. It was in the valley of 
Cuzco, near Lake Titicaca that Peruvian tradition places the 
beginning of the old civilization. This beautiful valley is the 
most elevated table land on the continent, the lake being 1 2,84G 
feet above the sea level. Near it are some of the higher peaks 
of the Andes. Were it not within the tropics it would be a 
region of perpetual snow. 

In the year 1859 a lunar calendar of the Incas, made oi gold, 
was exhumed at Cuzco. It is said to be the first discovered in 
Peru. The figures are stamped upon it and divided into 24 
compartments, and appears to have been made for a priest or 
Inca to wear on the breast. 






BY HUllir KNOUIill. 



CHAPTER VII. 



It is now twenty-four hours since we left the Sandwich 
Islands, and the brave ship is fast approaching the equator 
or, as the sailors tersely name it, "the line." The only things 
peculiar at this time are the great heat and haziness of the 
atmosphere, which make one feel almost too lazy to eat. I 
hope you will not fall into the same error the old lady did who 
thought that a long, stout line is pulled taut around the 
centre of the world to keep it together. 1 will tell you of a 
practical joke that was played upon the passengers by the chief 
officer of the ship in which I at one time sailed down the 

Atlantic ocean. 

Early one morning it was reported among the passengers on 

board that in half an hour we should cross "the line," which 

put those who bad never crossed the equator in a great flutter 

of excitement, they rushing to the officers to ask the loan of 

n.ii glasses, t telescopes, to see the anticipated "line." 

It happened that the only one on deck who had a glass was 

the chief officer, and be most kindly lent his glass for persons 

to look throueh. Each one who looked saw the line mo 

tirictly, and hastened off with glee to tell his frii nds what he 

,i The sailors grinned and roared at the sell, bul 

could not guess how the passengers had been hoaxed. After 

a while the chief officer called me aside, unscrewed his tele- 

oii.l showed me a tine straw placed across the glass on 

i ide. This was what the greenhorns had seen, and of 

course, when lool ing through the ilass they saw "the line." 

Mo t likelj man., of then, have full faith to this day that they 

: ally saw the equator. 

When "crossing the hue" is the sailors 
th d the ship is given up to them for their festivities. King 
Neptune and his CO urt bold sway, and if any unfortunates are 

on board who have never befor c I the equator, they are 

to pay homage and tribute to Nepture, by stan I 
I supply of grog on uduring the alternativi n di 
and scrubbing. The sailors who personate Neptum and his 
courtare bj no means gentle in their handling, and although 
it is great fun to the operators and lookers on, the poor sub- 
jects have a hard time of it, 

Now you young folks mu I remember that after leuvii 
equatoi and proceeding south it gets coldor the larthei 
si the same as ii does the farther you go north 



.!»- 



lor tli 



extremes south and north are equally cold 



4 



.isM 




J TJ "V" IE ILT I L El I1TSTRUCTOB 




In looking at a map of the world, and at that part marked the 
"South Pacific Ocean," you will observe that in the region of 
the equator this ocean is dotted over with innumerable little 
islands. These are called, collectively, Polynesia, which means 
many islands, as we steam along in a south-westerly direction 
we soon get among these islands, and the captain and his 
officers have to be very careful where they are going; for, 
in addition to the islands that are to be seen on all sides, there 
are others under water and their sites not known by an inex- 
perienced person. The location of these sunken islands can 
often be told by the frothy nature o) the waves as they break 
over them. 

Now, what I am going to tell you is one of the most wonder- 
ful things you have ever heard of. Although some of these 
islands are formed by volcanic action, the majority are built by 
very small creatures, called polyps, or corallia. You stare, and 
well you may; for to think that a large island, perhaps twenty or 
thirty miles in circumference, or even larger, with grass and 
trees growing on it, and people inhabiting it, should be built 
by little creatures about a fourth of an inch in length, seems 
incredible, yet such is the fact. Talk about co-operation, here 
we have it in perfection; and truly it is one of the finest results 
ever witnessed of combination of labor. 

Thick, now, if mites of insects, without reason, sense or 
soul, can achieve such great results, with unity of action, 
what cannot our people attain, who are blessed with sense, 
wisdom, strength, and help of the Almighty, if they only 
have the will, and truly, "where there's a will, there's a 
way." Must such tiny creatures as these polyps teach man- 
kind a lesson? 

Yes. millions of these little things join together and start, 
by building a firm foundation at the bottom of the sea, and 
inch by inch they raise their mighty structure until at last it 
reaches the surfac : of the water, and their building is ended. 
These industrious little things are at work all the time, and new 
islanls are appearing and increasing in size. 

"But," queries some incredulous boy, "you wouldn't have 
us believe that the insects build the trees and houses on those 
islands, would you?" 

Not exactly; but it comes about in this way. On the ocean 
is constantly floating about matter of all kinds, especially sea 
weed, which is washed by the waves on these barren coral 
islands, and which, through the action of the sun and water, 
soon rots and forms a rich loam, or mold; other refuse is 
washed on to this, and is subject t the same action, and so, in 
course of time, we have earth on these islands. 

One fine morning a flock of birds from some distant isles 
pass over the islands, and a- they caw and chatter to each other, 
drop some of the seeds they are carrying in their mouths; 
these seeds strike into the earth and so take root, and quickly 
increases hundred fold, and soon we have trees and shrubs, 
fruits and flowers on the islands. 

B nd by an inhabitant of a neighboring island takes a 
f'ii -y t" go out fishing for a spell, so he launches his canoe 

and drifi- out on tl :ean. He passes familiar islets, and 

sail< heedlessly along until he sees before him an island which 
i< new and strange to him. He lands, and i^ enchanted with 
i- beauty and abundance of fruit, etc., but finds not a soul 
upon it. He returns home and tells the news, and soon a com- 
pany of emigrants is formed, and they start for the new 
colony, taking with them their domestic animals, etc Birds, 
attracted by the vegetation of the new island, are already 
there in great numbers, and fish have made their homes in the 
numerous coves and creeks. 



The immigrants set to work and build themselves cabins or, 
"whares;" and, as they increase, divide themselves into 
villages and tribes, and eventually become a distinct people, 
with a dialect, or "patois," manners and customs of their own. 
They see the mighty powers that help and guide them — the 
water, the sun, the moon, the stars — and these, for want of a 
better knowledge, they worship, or carve out ot the rough 
rock or tree an image of some fancied great spirit, to which 
they bow and do reverence. They know not what shame and 
modesty are, for, like our first parents before their fall, their 
"eyes are not opened;" but presently along comes the white 
man, with all his civilizing and Christian influences, and then, 
truly, "their eyes are opened;" and, having the full benefit of 
his tuition, they act as he does, and soon we read the sequel — 
disease and extinction. 

(To be Continued.) 



THE (3- O Xj 3D jVC .A. KZ IE IR, s : 
"V I T_j L .A. G- IE . 



From dtambers' Miscellany. 



iContinned.) 



As the year passed on, several membersof the goldmakers' party 
came to the schoolmaster, complaining that, though they 
had attended to all his rules of economy, they were encumbered 
with old debts, and threatened with expulsion from theirhouses. 
Oswald looked carefully into all their accounts. The disorderly 
and melancholy state in which he found them gave him great 
trouble ; but he toiled through them. He then helped the poor 
people to reckon up their earnings, their expenditure, and the 
sums they could contrive to lay by for the payment of their old 
debts. Some families he helped by finding employment for 
the young people in the town. 

Having, in the course of his reading, learned the nature of 
savings banks, Oswald thought there was a good opportunity 
of establishing one in the village. He therefore collected a 
number of persons, among the rest the members of the confed- 
eracy, and explained to them how one of these banks might be 
setup. All agreed that it might answei, if Oswald would 
undertake its management. This he very willingly consented 
to do. The savings bank was begun, and the money which 
was collected was lent at iuterest to those who needed it, and 
who could be trusted. 

The getting of interest was a new thing to so many of the 
villagers, that they became zealous in saving, and were even 
so economical as to be disposed to rob themselves and their 
children of necessary food. This suggested to Oswald a new 
means of economy. He persuaded his mother-in-law, with the 
help of others, to prepare soup for the poor families, for which 
they paid a very low price, and so gained food at a great saving 
of time and expense in fuel and cookery. Soon this plan was 
found to be so beneficial, and became so popular, that the host 
of the Eaglt opened a rival soup-kitchen. This, however, did 
not succeed well, nor did it deserve to do, for the publican 
thought only of his own interest. With all their poverty, the 
< roldenthalers had been famous for their propensity to litigation, 
and just now the host of the Eagle tavern was engaged in a 
lawsuit about an old oak tree which, he thought, belonged to 
his land. It had already cost him a thousand guilders; and 
now he was led on and on until he was compelled to sell his 
house and fields to pay his lawyers and other creditors. Th 







JUYEUILE I^TSTBTJCTOB. 





however, brought good to Goldenthal, for the Eayle. was now 
shut up, and the Lion left alone. 

The number of well-doers was now so greatly increased, that 
Oswald was not exposed to the same ungracious persecutions 
he once was. Still, there was an old set, confirmed in bad habits 
and prejudices, who shook their heads at the signs of the times, 
and said: '"Tis plain the village is going to ruin. There is 
only one public-house supported. Alas! we once had three!" 
Oswald reproved their mistake, and told them that the Lion 
and the Eagle were ravenous wild beasts that had fed on the 
substance of the community too long. When Brenzel heard 
that the schoolmaster had called the Lion a wild beast, he was 
ready to burst with anger, and threatened an action for damages; 
but Oswald kept out of the claws of the Lion. 

Good credit was restored to Goldenthal, and a favorable 
report of the village was spread throughout the neighboring 
country. The hemp, flax, grain, vegetables, and fruit brought 
to market from Goldenthal were all so good as to raise surprise; 
the butter was exquisite and abundant; in short, the village 
rose so rapidly in public estimation, that the surrounding 
townspeople jokiugly styled it the Goldmakers' Village. 

Some might suppose that Oswald, who was the spring of 
every good movement among the people, had burdened him- 
self and his good wife with too many offices; but he knew better 
how to arrange his affairs. He had found out among his pupils, 
and trained ior the service, a youth able to take the greater 
part of the labor of the school. This young man's name was 
John Ileiter, and, as a teacher, he soqn became almost as much 
beloved by the pupils as Oswald. 

The confederacy of the thirty-two stood firm to their prin- 
ciples, and made converts by their examples; but still there 
were several idle and miserable men in Goldenthal, who arrayed 
themselves against every improvement; and at the head of these 
poor creatures stood the hostofthe Lion, the misguided Brenzel. 
Great was the wrath and vexation of this stubborn man when 
Oswald and an honest industrious man named Ulrich Stark 
were elected to fill two vacancies in the hoard of guardians for 
the village. But he disguised his anger as well as he could, 
and paid a visit toOswald, congratulating him upon his election. 

But now, at tin- tirst un eting of the guardians, when Oswald 
and Ulrich Stark proceeded to business, they Mist demanded a 
rigid examination ol the account-books. Here all was in the 
greatest disorder. The parish still owed about seven thousand 
guilders, and of this half was owing to the host of the Libre, 
who received live per cent, interest on the capital he had lent, 
white he paid only four per cent, forsums he had borrowed from 
the same funds, which wa- clearly unjust. Great expenses had 
been caused by all kinds of trifling visits and little affairs ol' 
business, which honorable men would have done gratuitously. 
In short, the whole of tin- accounts bore strong testimony 
againstthe selfishness and fraud ofthelate managers of the parish 
property, and none was so seriously criminated as the host ol' 
the Lion. Oswald made out such a dark account against this 
man, that the haughty and despotic Brenzel had to humble 
himself and supplicate lor mercy. But Oswald determined, in 

justice to the poor, the widows, and \bc orphans, to refer the 
whole business to the proper legal authorities, by whom the 

accounts of Goldenthal parish were scrutinized; and the conse- 
quence was, that a warrant was issued against tbe hosl of the 
Lion, his good- were seized, and In- wa- condemned to impi is- 
onment. 
( Oswald was now almost master of the parish: but his position 

wa- not an easy one. He had many hard journey- to perform, 

and much opposition and misrepresentation to endure, before 



he could avert the dangers which had threatened the ill-regulated 
place. His first task was to diminish the burden of the debt 
still lying upon the people — above six thousand guilders. For 
this purpose he commenced a valuation of all the laud in Gol- 
denthal, that it might be known what were the real circumstan- 
ces of every parishioner, andwhattheamount oftaxes he ought 
to pay. He next determined that a better use should be made 
of the laud which was common parish property, and thus he 
explained his plan to his fellow-parishioners: "You know that 
this common land is of little service to the poor at present. Tt 
is trodden down by the cattle belougiug to those who are com- 
paratively rich. This is not fair. Every man in the parish 
has a right to a share of it ; but now those who do not keep 
any cattle derive no benefit trom it. Let us have it portioned 
out, and fairly cultivated." This proposition was met by 
murmurs and objections from those interested in unfair usage-: 
but the majority were with Oswald, and the motion was carried. 
The rich farmers appealed to government agaiust Oswald's 
innovation, but the only answer they received was: "The com- 
mon belongs to the parishioners, and not to the cows of Golden- 
thal; and every peasant may claim his portion, and make use of 
it as he pleases. You are not so careful to preserve the ancient 
rights of your parish, as to defend your own selfish practices.' 
The following springfound a great improvement in the wt ste 
laud of ( roldenthal. Gardens were now blooming where lately 
the cattle had grazed upon scanty herbage. Hops, beans. 
hemp, flax, cabbages, potatoes, clover, and corn wereflourishing 
on the newly broken ground. Even the farmers who had 
opposed Oswald's plan confessed that it.- result was indeed 
cheering, lor the poor people were becoming more industrious, 
and paying their old debts. Next. ( Iswald turned hi- attention 
to the forest land belonging to the parish, and called a meeting 
of the Goldenthalers to consider another new project. lb- 
explained to them that he hadol 3< iti I a sad wa-te o I' wood in 
the village. "Other parishes," said he, "consume less o 
valuable article for household purpo is, because they have 
public ovens, win- re. me lire doe- the work of a hundred. 
cannot we follow their example'.' To burn wood a- wc do. is to 
burn gold." Another of the parish-officers o 
some villages there were also public washing-houses, which ho 
would recommend to the people of Goldenthal for thei 
venience and economy. These propositions were appro 
bythemeeting; andnext, Oswal 1 led them to consider forwhat 
profitable use they might employ the -pan- wood, so as to make 
it help towards the payment of their debts. Aftersomc , 
tion, a good plan was agreed upon; and the profits realized in 
one year by the erection of public ovens ami washing-houses, 
a- well as the economy of fuel, surprised all those who had never 

before turned their attention to such speculations. 

And now, as the parish debt was mel'iug away, and many of 

the Goldenthalers who had once been clothed in rags showed 
themselves in decent apparel at the market, the townspeopl 
imagined that not a single beggar was to be found in Golden- 
thal. Hut this was too good yet to be true. S f the old 

race remained, and refused to be improved. There wen- still 
too many who preferred begging to my honorable labor; and 

even able-bodied men and women were to be found who would 

not only live bj begging themselves, hut would marry and bring 
up children in beggary. Such disorders grieved tie hi ait ol 
Roderick, the new parson, and he had many con ultations with 
i »-wald regarding the best mode of remedy. "1 ideas we remove 
this great evil," said he. "our prosperity will have a worm at 
it- root, and soon decay. 

( To If Continued.) 




iSi?- 



78 



JTJTB1TILE IN"STRTJCTOB. 




©14 Ijuitnilc Insfriidoij. 



GEORGE O. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1876. 

EDITORIAL THZOXJC3-HITS. 



'UR last article under this head spoke of 
the colonies and their governors. The 
colonies had the advantage of Utah, even 
where they did not choose their own 
governor and did not have the power to 
negative their laws — they could cut off the 
salaries of their governors. If a governor 
refused his assent to laws which the As- 
sembly wanted, they could generally bring 
him to terms. He had to look to them for his 
pay. That far he was dependent upon them, 
and it would be natural that he should treat them 
with some consideration and courtesy. At one 
time in New Hampshire a contest arose between 
the Assembly and the governor. The Assembly had 
pas ed a law to which the governor would not give 
his assent. The contest lasted about three years, 
but the Assembly carried their point; the governor 
Until within forty years in that State neither the 
nor any of the State officers, except where the con- 
Btilution Pxe I a permanent salary, as in the case of judges, had 
a fixed salary. The Assembly at each se sion parsed a bill for 
tti tion. You can see, therefore, how much 1 

p . i ion ofthe colonies in this respect than is jurs. 
■ , 1 I I l the d th lies in C mi 1 : 1 

•eat B 'itain \ 1 'ly two years 

1 I 'ii • ■. they - li 1: "We might tell 
i I r icked go 1 ig been 

1 1 p ■ 1 1 1 ! i or .1 iserting the rights of 
British su j a 1, and igrtp ndents on 1 1 

men advanced to the seats of justice, and to other places of 
trust and impirlancc," etc., etc. It was well for them that, 
having ' re hen [escribed to be their officials, they 

had the power to keep them, at least partly, in check. We 
would have foun 1 if equally convenient in this Territory to have 
exercised some kind ot restraint over the same class in our 
midst. But not having any such power, where officials have 
(1 1 disposed to be tyrannical they have felt that they could be 
so with impunity. 





Tin m has been many comments made upon the conduct of 
the p sople of Utah in forming co-operative societies and in 
abstaining from p itemizing those who seek to strike down their 
liberties. Our action in this direction has been pointed to by 
our enemies as an evidence of our wicked disposition, and as a 
rea on why we should be dealt severely with by the go em 
1 1 in. But the people of the colonies went far beyond what 
we ever did in this respect. 

To obtain a redrcssof their grievances, which threatened the 
di struction. as they declared, of their lives, liberty and property, 
they funnel a non-importation, non-consumption and non- 
exportation agreement. This agreement was formed nearly two 
years before the colonies declared themselves independent. 

They agreed that they would not bring into the colonies 
in Great Britain orjreland, any goods, wares or merchandise 



whatsoever, nor from any other place any article which had been 
manufactured in Great Britain or Ireland. 

They agreed, also, that they would not bring in any tea; nor 
any molasses, syrups, coffee and other articles from the British 
plantations or from Dominica ; nor wines and indigo from Ma- 
deira, or the Western Islands. 

They pledged themselves that from and after a certain date 
neither they, nor anyperson for orunderthem, would purchase 
or use any tea whatever, or any of the goods, wares or merchan- 
dise which they had agreed not to import. 

Merchants in the colonies were requested to give orders as 
soon as possible to their agents and correspondents in Great 
Britain and Ireland not to ship any more goods to them on any 
pretence whatsoever; and if any merchant residing in Great 
Britain or Ireland should, directly or indirectly, ship any goods 
for America, in order to break this non-importation agreement, 
and this conduct should be well attested, they agreed to have 
no farther commercial connexion with such merchant. 

Owners of vessels were required to give positive orders 
to their captains not to receive any such goods on board 
their vessels, on pain of immediate dismissal from thei r 
service. 

In order to induce the British parliament to repeal certain 
acts and parts of acts which they deemed oppressive, they 
threatened that if they were not repealed by a certain date 
(Sept. 10. 1775), they would not, directly or indirectly, export 
any merchandise or commodity whatsoever to Great Britain, 
Ireland, or the West Indies, except rice to Europe. 

It was agreed that if any person did import any goods or 
merchandise after a certain dare that the same ousbt to be sent 
back again, or if the owner preferred, be delivered to the 
committee of the county or town, to be stored until the non- 
importation agreera ml cea ed, or to be sold under their direc- 
tion, the owner to receive the first cost and charges only. If, 
rer, any raercha 1 lise ■ goo 1- were brought in after ano- 
ite which was fix id, they were to be sentb ick forthwith. 

Committee w ire ord ire ! to be chosen in every county, city 
or town, whose business it wis to attentively observe the 
conduct of all persons touching this agreement or association, 
should appear thai any person violated this agreement, the 
case, was to be forthwith published in thegazette; "to the end, 
tha all such foes to the rights of British-America may be 
publicly known, and universally contemned as the enemies of 
American liberty ; and thenceforth we respectively will break 
olf all dealings with him or her." 

Those ofthe resolutions, which were adopted in this agreement, 
are so excellent, and apply so well to the Litter-day Saint-', 
that we copy them entire. 

"We will, in our several stations, encourage frugality, economy 
and industry, and promote agriculture, arts and the manufactures 
of this country, especially that of wool; and will discountenance 
and discourage every species of extravagance and dissipation, 
especially all horse-racing, and all kind- of gaming, cock-fighting 
exhibition of shows, plays, and other. expensive diversions and 
en unments; union Lhe death of any relation or friend, none of 
ii-, or any of our families, will jjo into any further mourning- 
dress than a black crape or ribbon on the arm or hat, for gentle- 
men, and a black ribbon and necklace for ladies, and we will 
discontinue the giving of gloves and scarfs at funerals. 

"Sneh as arc venders of goods or merchandise will not take 
advantage of the scarcity of goods, that may be occasioned by 
this association, hul will sell the same at the rates we have been 
respectively accustomed to do for twelve months last past. And 
if any vender of goods or merchandise shall sell any such goods 
on higher terms, or shall, in any manner, or by any device what- 
soever violate or depart from this agreement, no person ough 





CT TT "V" IE IST I LIE I1TSTRUOTOE/. 




nor will any of us deal with such a person, or his or her factor or 
agent, at any time thereafter, for any commodity whatever. 

"That all manufactures in this country be sold at reasonable 
prices, so that no undue advantage be taken of a future scarcity 
of goods." 

This association or agreement was adopted and signed by all 
the delegates from the colonies assembled in Congress at Phil- 
adelphia, on October 24th, 1774. They were fearless men. 
ardent lovers of liberty, not thinking any sacrifice too great to 
preserve it. Had they been less than this, they never would 
have been the chosen instruments to establish freedom upon 
this land. 

Children, there are many lessons to be learned from these 
sketches of the past. Profit by them. You were born free. 
All the rights, for which lovers of freedom in all ages have 
contended, are yours. They cannot be taken away from you 
without outrage. Remember this. 



THE HSTTEI?,lsr^^TI03SrA.Xj 

EXHIBTTIOIT. 



(Continued.) 



YITe commence in this number of the Juvenile Instructor 
it there-publication of the History of the Prophet Joseph 
Smith. This History appeared in former volumes of the 
Instructor, and was read with great interest by young and 
old. Another class of readers have grown up since its first 
publication, to whom it will be entirely new, and as there is a 
great interest being 
felt at the present ii. 
, these very importan 
facts, the lectures o 
Brother Joseph F 
Smith having callet 
the attention of tin 
people to thissubjeel 
we think we canno 1 
better please our read 
ers than by re-publish 
;ng this history. Th 
Editor of the Juv; 
nile Instructor ha 
had in con tern platioi 
for some time tli 
publication ol thi 

History in book form Ii i the lime for this to all appearanc 
had not arriv.-d. It is h in mtion to de i at an early 

day to this work, and to amplify and prove that whi h he h ■ 
written, and arrang : it in a more suitable form for publication 
asa book. That which he has written has been in simple 
language to make it easily understood by children. In prepar 
ingit for .'i bun!., it should be written in a higher style, and yet 
j, it 30 high that children cannot peruse it with interest, and 
with an understanding of the lesson conveyed in the life of the 
prophet whom God raised up to lay the foundation ol 
His work in the last days. 





Eabits.— Like flakes of snow, thai fall unperceived upon 
the earth, the seeniinglj unimportant events of life succeed 

one another. As the snow gathers I ther, so are our habits 

formed. No single flake that is added to the pile produces a 
gen iy e change; no ini le action creates, however it may 
exhibit, a man's character; but as the tempesl hurls the ava- 
lanche down the mountain, and overwhelms the inhabitant and 

his habitation, so passion, acting u] the elements of mischief, 

which pernicious habits have brought together by impercep 
tible accumulation, may overthrow the edifice of truth and 

tile. 



Tiif. getting together of such a vast quantity of material for 
the International Exhibition must necessarily cause much 
bustle and confusion, coining as it does from almost every part 
of the civilized world. The Machinery Hall and its offshoots 
are pictured by the press as a very pandemonium of iron, 
wood, brick, stone and mortar, in every conceivable shape and 
position. Heaped up in the most indiscriminate manner may 
be seen monstrous castings and forgings, belonging to such 
mighty engines as steam hammers, rolling mills, etc. One 
unaccustomed to the movement of such heavy materials and 
the mechanical helps in the shape of steam cranes would 
imagine it almost impossible to prepare the exhibition for 
opening on the 10th of May. There are three of those cranes 
constantly at work, lifting and moving heavy objects into place. 
One of these machines grips up a ten ton piece of iron, and 
whirls about upon its vertical axis with it to deposit it 
where it is wanted, or moves off with it hanging from 
its extended arm with all the ease imaginable. 

The following are 

] 



le foreign govern- 
ment- which havefor- 
ually accepted the 
', e i Ii tit's invitation 
o take part in the 
pternational Exhibi- 
ion, and hare ap- 
pointed commi 
o i upi rintend the 
xhi i ' a of their 
: Argentine 
' mfederation, Aus- 
: I lei u i, B livia, 
t ' tili, China. 
nmai I 

yrpt, i ; i d e and 
;. Australia and Canada, 
I i uala and S i.Hayt', Honduras, Hungary 

1., Japan, Liberia M herlands, Nicaragua, Nor- 

way, Orange Free ? ite. Persia, Peru Portugal, Russia Siaui, 
Spain, Swi den, Tuni T irkuy, U. S. of Colombia, Venezuela. 
Ol' course among, numbei of exhibitors as will 

,-e| i int the in In tri. i 'i. nationalities a great many 

w lerful things will be seen. !> i iitended to notice ome 

,,[ ii e . se ; n the e ticlc that our young reader- niaj I"' 

enabled to know mo it tl p rid wo live in and the mar- 

velous doings of i ian 

Then i ilready oi leculiar exhil it to be seen, made 

by Mitchell, of Phila lelphia, and. as it will give -ome idea of 
the kind of things that will he -he mi, il may he desci ed 
I, consist I I upon in ornamental pedestal 

,,C i, r i | ,i ; , . n bout thirti feet high. Tin' pi nth, 
base, a si : >n ol the h ift of ev< rj four inches, and the mem 
I.e. nt the capital, are each made of a i p i at ind tone, 
the whole being arra d and proportioned so as to form a 

very hand e column of the Doric order of architecture, 

every piec of whii Ii there arc thirt; I eing n real gi ad 

stone, except the plin i I upper member of the capital, 

both of which are sq I coul I not be u ed for grinding 

purposes. Tbese grindstones are from every pari of i 





80 



J 



YE1T1LE INSTR 



TOIR,. 




world where stones are quarried forgfiudiiig purposes, and are 
of every shade of color, the whole forming an object of great 
beauty and interest, showing the nature of business transac- 
tions in this centennial year. 

The Horticultural Hill i> considered by most persons as the 
most beautiful of all the buildiugs; it actually i< a model of 
elegance. It is built principally of colored biick, in a .sort of 
Saracenic style of architecture. It consists of a vast hall in its 
centre, around which runs a Moorish corridor; outside of this 
corridor are green houses for rare plants. The great hdl is 
filled with the choicest specimens from all parts of ihe world. 
Through the whole there are walksaud fountains. No similar 
buildings have yet been seen on this side of the Atlantic. Those 
who have not seen Chatsmouth, Kew Gardens, the f'vystal 
Palace and kindred institutions will see the same kind of build- 
ings upon a grander scale, and some of the wonders of florieul 
ture.. Forty acres outside of this building arc devoted to flower 
beds and walks. England has 43.000 square feet of space 
allotted; Germany 10,000; Spain 6.000; Argentine Republic 
5,0 10; France 3,S i I; and the Netherlanls 200. Morocco has a 
Moorish summer house in this international garden. The view 
of these flower beds , 
with the broad walks, as 
seen from Belmont 
Avenue, which is ter- 
minated by the Horti- 
cultural Hall, is the 
finest of the kind in 
the world. Great ad- 
vantage will result from 
the varied exhibition 
of plants, as ma n y 
things will be arranged 
iu such a mannei as to 
ffive the largest amount 
of information upon 
horticultural and fl.iri- 
cultural subjects; and, 
as t'ni ' part of the ex- 
hibition is designed to 
be pernianen t the 
benefit will continue t \ 



MAY-IO^NO VEMBER1CP" 1876. 




-^cgxx- M miR &wMm si'Tma^i, '&^nmim?]nm- : < 



augment, and the public interest to increase, year after year. 
I To be Continued. ) 



HOME. 



ZFzaoivr 




BY C. B. SAVAOE. 

CHAPTER YIt. 

ONCE clear of the fair, aud out of the town, wo began to fear 
that we had made a wrong step in leaving the tramp. 
Dad as he was, he wa.-,akind of support to a-, poor, little, silly- 
waifs, unable to take good care of ourselves. We had to lean 
upon somebody, and he was better than nobody. 

Tom looked at our position iu a hopeless light, and thought 
we i ad better return and throw ourselves upon the charity and 
generosity of Mr. Champ and his associates; but every feeling 
ot my nature impelled me to leave him and his gang and strike 
out for ourselves. Tom at last consented to my propositions, 
and we both determined to depend upon our individual exer- 
tion-. 



Thus it is with thousands of people who form wrong associa- 
tion-,; iustead of r.'siag above the influences ol such, they allow 
themselves to drift down the stream of degradation, and but 
few determine to battie with circumstances and prove them- 
selves superior to them. 

Although we had taken a wrong step, to accomplish a vision- 
ary project, it was not right to give up entirely to such influences 
as. surrounded us. especially as our patron hinted occasionally 
t list there were oiher ways of getting money easier than in the 
way we were doing it. I think be intended us for darker deeds 
and a worse occupation than we dared think of; but should any 
in ■ Iiev's eye see this, let her take warning, and never relinquish 
her efforts to implant in the minds of her offspring a high 
sense of honor in all that pertain- to the commandment: "Thou 
shalt not steal." A mother's kind aud loving words were at the 
bottom of our indifference to some projects proposed try the 
scoundrel to whom we had committed our lives and our "sacred 
honor." Thank (rod. a mother's advice prevailed, and carried us 
.-alely out of a bud dilemma. 

Good by. Mr. Trainn. and all such; we have little to thank 
you for. very little. Your lessons of life lead to early death, if 

faithfully followed. 
Dirt and misery are 
the sure inheritance of 
nen and women who 
put themselves beyond 
the influence of home 
and friends. 

By this time you 
have probably filled a 
pauper's grave, un- 
known and forgotten. 
Your presence upon 
earth failed to make 
happiness where sor- 
row dwelt; your actions 
never helped human- 
ity to a higher level. 
Like an old mule, you 
lived to cat, dunk and 
lie without leaving ;i 
-" mark behind you, or 
having aceoiup.ishid the first useful o.jjcct in life. 

Are there any others now living who resemble the subject of 
our article? Possibly there are. If so, and our boys and girls 
know them, give them a wide berth, a- you would the water of 
a poison spring. Seek better associations and more intelligent 
companions, and you will be sure to improve. But I am 
digressing. 

To tell the truth, our appearance, as prospective millionaires, 
was sadly ag.-.iust us. Tom told me 1 looked dirty, and the 
remark caused me to scrutinize him with a view to ascertaining 
his condition, aud I found be looked the same. The mutual 
examination proved very unsatisfactory to us, and we de- 
termined to wash; for we had discovered that a clean face is 
a good passport to people's confidence. So we indulged in that 
luxury in the first duck pond we came to, and without towel 
and soap, we managed to look a little brighter. 

We had started out on a road that semed more lonely than 
any we had traveled over — a barren kind of common, without 
houses, and without accomodations. After counseling together 
as to what course of life we should follow, we decided to adopt 
the vocation of public singers, with the great hall of nature to 
sing in, aud any one who would choose to listen as our audience. 





JTJVEITILE UsTSTRTJGTOR. 



81 




Tramp, tramp; no houses, an 1 night wore on; still we kept 
walking, for where could we stay? We concluded to keep 
walking until we should find somebody's house. 

Towards nine o'clock, or it may have been later, wo -aw a light, 
and rejoiced thereat. It was a little old-fashioned inn, on the 
border of a kind of waste or common, and I made out the sign 
to be the "Farmer's Rest.'' Tliere seemed to be a good many 
persons inside, drinking and carousing; so, hungry and faint, 
we started thecoucert, to the utter amazement of the occupants, 
who wondered at such a sound in Mich a place, and at such a 
time of night. I never forget the songs, and give the names as 
history. "0 Bonny Tawny Moor' ' was the first, and the second 
effort was "H.-ppy Land, Hippy Land." 

By this time one of the drinker.-- came out and invited us 
into the great hall. There, on long benches sat the genuine 
English farm laborers, with long "cow gowns," as they were 
called, reaching froai their neck-* to their knees, and worked 
very fancifully on the breast. ( ) i the tables were large pewter 
mugs filled with the indispensable beer. The landlord did not 
like our appearance, but the Ian 11a ly did; and after w had 
exhausted our stock of songs, she gave us some cold meat and 
bread, and made our existence sure for that dav. 

Once over the singing, we had to answer about fifty questions 
as to whom we were and where we were going; and when we 
had got through they told us they believed we were little liars 
and scamps; but the good landlady thought she would venture 
to give us a bed in the garrel when be I time came, notwith- 
standing. Previous to going to bed we sat around the open fire- 
place, which was filled with blazing logs, and made ourselves 
as much at home as we could. The laborers kept on drinking 
as though their throats were on fire, and most of them were 
slightly inebriated; which is the polite term for being drunk. 
One by one they were bundled out of doors by the kind landlord, 
and when the house was clear we were pointed to an old mat- 
tress in the garret, and the do ir linked upon us for the night. 

The reason for locking us in w t- obvious: we might be little 
thieves aud in league with housebreakers, and when once the 
inmates were all asleep could admit the burglars to do their 
midnight, work. Our landlord was one of be kind who did 
not let his "sympathies sway his judgment;" he had given us 
shelter, but he was keeping watch over us. 

The next morning, early, after giving us soine.hing to eat, 
he told us to get right away from his place: an 1 threatened 
that if he ever caught us again be would band its over to the 
con-table. lie told OS to keep On a certain road, because if we 
did not, we might get lot. 




A Fan: Offer. — Dr. Franklin once made the following offer 
to a young man: — 

"Make a full statement ofallyouowe, and of all that is owing 
you. Reduce the same to a note. As last as you <-.,u colic t, 
pay over to those you o re. [fyou cann n e dlect, ren tw your 
Q0 < n . ,, and gel the besl - 1 inrity you can. Go to 

business diligently, and be induustriou ; « iste no idle moments; 
be v.t teal in all things; discard all pride; be faithful 

,, ; to God be regul ir and hearty iii prayer, morning 
, M .,,1 church regularly every S in lay; an I do unto 

all men i« y roald th ly I. mid do unto yon [fyou are in 

too needy circumstance to give to the poor, do whatever else 
i- in your p iwer for them chi erfullj ; but if you can, always hi Ip 

the i r and unfortunate. Pursue this course dil gently and 

;,„.,. I for seven years, and ifyouarenol happy, ( ifortable, 

•Mid independent in your circumstances, come to me, and I will 



nestlon*? anil J^nswer^ 

OUST TECIE 
BOOK OB 1 HVL" O IR, JVC O UST . 



LESSON rv. 

Q. — When Nephi heard these words from the Lord what did 
he do? , 

A. — lie did not go to hi;- house, but turned around and went forth 
declaring the word of the Lord. 

Q. — When Nephi warned them of destruction what did they do? 

A — They tried to take him and throw him into prison. 

Q.— Were they abb- to do this; 

A. — No; lie was carried away by the Spirit, 

Q.— What did th -y begin to do? 

A — To have contentions anions themselves and to slay one 
another. 

Q.— When was this' 

A.— In the end of the seventy-first year of the reign of the 
judges. 

Q. — What occurred in the next two years' 

A —These contentions increased and there was war throughout 
all the land. 

Q.— What did Nephi desire of the Lord when he saw these 
wars? 

A —He asked that the contentions might cease and a famine . 
come upon the land V 

(J.— Did the Lord answer his prayer? 

A. — Yes; and the famine lasted two years. 

Q. — When the people saw that they were likely to perish what 
did they do? 

A.— They desired to repent, and requested Nephi to pray that 
the famine might be turned away. 

Q.— Did Nophi do as they wished' 

A— Yes; and the Lord caused rain to descend andthegrain and 
fruit to grow. 

OUST THIS IBUBLIB. 



iy your I 



lebu 



Q. -Why was Saul afraid of David? 

A.— "Because the Lord was with David and had departed from 
Saul." 

Q._ What did Saul then do with David? 

A. — He "removed him from him, and made him i nptain over a 
thousand." 
. Q.— What did David then do"' 

A —"He went oul and came in before the people." 

Q.— How did David conduct himself? 

A.— He "behaved himself wiselj in all his way's, and the Lord 
was with him " 

Q.— This made Saul afraid, but what effect did David's conduct 
have on all Israel and JudahV 

A. — Thty loved him. 

Q.— What then did Saul say unto David? 

A "Behold my elder daughter Merub, her will I give thee to 
wife: only be thou \ aliiinl for mc and fight the Lord - battles." 

Q.— What did Saul say to himself when hi made Mo- pro] 

to David? 
A.— "Let not mine hand be upon him but let the hnnd of the 

Philistine be upon him.' 

q— What did David uny unto Saul 1 

A —"Who am I- an I what is my life, or my father's family ill 
l-rael. that I should bu son-in-law to the king'" 

Q, Whatcametopnssatlheti whci M ral Saul- .laughter, 

should ha\ e bei n gi\ i-n t" l>a\ id? 

X — '-she was givon umo Adrii I, tl • Meholathite, to wife. 

y, u h . : I David? 

A..- M i i. 'i' Saul .! 

m When 'In- v ;i t.ed Saul, how I ' 

A.— "The thing p'oii od I 





82 



JTTT'VIEItTIILjIE '.HTSTBTTCTOB. 




j hn. 



1 g r a | 



cr o s :e :p h: smith, 

IP IR> O IP SI IB T . 



THE 




Among other subjects which we wish to;l.»y before our 
young readers is that of Biography, or th« history of men 
an,d their lives and characters. We feel sure that every boy 
and girl in this Territory will take pleasure in reading about. 
men and women who have made themselves famous in the 
world through their virtue and goodness. By reading Bio- 
graphy they can see the steps which men have tnken to make 
themselves useful and great, and oUain many lessons by whi :h 
they can profit. 

First in the list, of great and distinguished men who have 
lived in our time, stands the name of Joseph Smith. We 
expect our little readers have all heard of him, and know 
something respecting his life. H" was born at Sharon, 
Windsor county, in the State of Vermont, on the 23rd of 
December, 1805. Had he lived until the present time he 
would have been over seventy years of age. He would not 
have been a very old man even now, for you know many men 
ami women who are smart and active who are much more 
than seventy years old. He was the fourth child of his parents, 
he having two brothers and a sister older than himself. When 
he was about ten years of age his parents moved from Vermont 
to the town of Palmyra, in the State of New York. They 
were not. wealthy, and were not able to give their children 
more than an ordinary common-school education But they 
taught, them to be m iral, truthful an 1 in lustrious, and brought 
them up, to the best of their ability, in the fear of the 
Lord. 

Some little time after the removal of his father and family 
to Palmyra the people in that neighborhood became excited 
upon the subji I ' • ion The? at that they were sinners, 
and that they ought to do something to get forgiveness and 
to please God. There were i great many churches in that 
country, and all these chu die had preachers. The-e churches 
were called Presbyteri a . Mbtho lists and Baptists, and others 
were known by othet name*. Though all these churches 
, I bo believe '.i Jesus Ohrisl and in the Bible, they 
were divided one tgainst th other, [heir preachers told the 
people that they were the follow 's of J a and his Apostles; 
at the same tiny? they, them [u Ion with another 

bou the doctrine of Jesus. One said that Ids church was 
right; and another said, no h : arch i- not right; hut my 
church is; and thus tit led, eaidi preacher trying to 

get everybody to leave ith hurcli and join his. Of course 
this p ill confuion and strife. For when the. 

her ■ di >put ■ i. the peo ile c raid i ' agree. ( lur readers 
who have been born and brought up in the Church of Jesus 
Christ ol Latter day Saints have n< i- seen anything of this 
kind. They have never seen two or more preachers .quarreling 
about their churches: one saying that his church was right, 

and another contradict i I ayii thai his church was 

wrong. In this Territory the people do not contend about 
religion and about which is the right church. The truth 
which the Lord has revealed from heaven, by -ending His 
to -peak with man. has stopped all contention, and 
aniti 1 tho e who have obi id il an I made ihem one. But 
Joseph Smith did nol have the privileges and advantages 
when he was a. boy that the little hoy- who live here have. 



His parents did not know what your parents know, and they 
could not tell him what your parents can tell you. 

During this time of g-eat excitement Joseph thought, deeply 
on the subject of religion, and he became somewhat uneasy 
respecting the course which he should take. His father's 
family believed the Presbyterian faith, and his mother and 
three of his brothers and one sister joined that church. But 
he could not. tell what to do. The confusion and strife which 
he saw among these preachers and their churches puzzled 
him. This is not to be wondered at, for he was very young, 
and did not have much experience. But he believed the 
Bible, and knew that it contained more of the words of God 
than any other book that he could get. So be paid attention 
to that, and one day, while reading in the epistle of James, 
he met with the following words in the first chapter and tilth 
verse: "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that, 
giveth unto all men liberally and upbraideth not, and it shall 
be given him." This passage of scripture came with great 
power to his heart He knew that if any person needed 
wisdom from God, he did; for hecoul 1 find no one who could 
tell him wdiat he wanted to know. After thinking upon the 
subject, he came to the conclusion that he would do as James 
directs and ask of ( rod. On a beautiful morning, early in the 
spring of the year eighteen hundred and twenty, when he was 
in his fifteenth year, he went into the woods alone to ask God 
for the wisdom which he wanted. In this quiet and lonely 
place this humble hoy. who wanted to know how to please his 
Heavenly Father, kneeled down to call upon Him. It was the 
first time in his life that he had ever tried to pray with his 
voice. Soon after he began, a power took hold of him which 
bound bis tongue so that be could not speak, and made him 
feel as though he was about to lie destroyed. It was the power 
of Satan which was there to fight witu him, and prevent him, 
if possible, from getting the knowledge which he wanted. ( )f 
course Joseph was much frightened, for he did not know what 
it was; be could not see his enemy; he could only feel him. 
He did not knoiv as much about the power and wickedness of 
Satan then as he did afterwards. But he did not give up; he 
exerted all his powers, and he called upon God to deliver him 
out of the power of his enemy which had hold of him. 

At th'smoment of great alarm, he saw a pillar of light exactly 
over his head. It was much brighter than the sun, audit 
gradually came down until, it rested upon him. AVhen it 
appeared, he found himself free from the enemy which had 
held him bound. You can all think how happy he must have 
felt when that wicked power was driven away. A- soon as the 
light rested upon him he saw two personages standing above 
him in the air. They had the form of men. yet their brightness 
and glory were far beyond that of the sun or anything that we 
can see around us in this world. No man, therefore, cau tell 
another how beautiful and glorious they looked; to understand 
this hi' must see th ir glory for hims If. One of them called 
Joseph by name, ami pointed to the' other and saiel: "This is 
my beloved Son. he.-u- him.'' Joseph had asked I lod for wisdom, 
and his prayer had been heard and was now answered. He had 
the glorious privilege of beholding the Father and the Son and 
of being taught respecting the gospel by its great Author. 



[DLENESS, — A great writer once said. "It you ask me which 
is the real hereditary sin of human nature, do you imagine I 

shall answer, pride, or luxury, or ambiti or egotism? No; 

I shall say indolence. Who conquers indolence will conquer 

all the rest. Indeed, all g 1 principles must stagnate without 

mental activity." 





JUYEFILE IITSTRUCTOB. 



S3 







THE TjaSTITElD OBDSE. 



Words by Henry Maiben. 
Moderato: 



Ml SIC BY JOS. J. 1>A\ NTS. 









c|SC 



f 



-3 



Hark! the sound goeth forth; 'tis the pood shepherd's voice. Ev'ry Saint who is wise will take heed and o - 

— I -=- — ■^— 1 _ — =~ — i m — m J 






3- — I — E 

-» — •- 



--*:-*.- 
-!>-** 



3 S- 






■w 
.8: 



tJ. :i- 



=t 



_~ — p. 



._J~ li_ ■- 



— ,— P — P- 



„L_ 



EE*jgbg=*b3=gqifc2»rfl^^ 

bey. Let us prove we have v isdom and Hjrht, by our choic ,As we 

=]=iri=£:==l=a: 



turn in goodfaithi i • 1 1 ■ * ^ a- way. 






=r=n=|: 



:^=^-d 



:*: :*: 










— — j-»; 
~J- 



lil^l 



£ 



Sr J -a^gfli-« 






Conse - cratinir ourselvesandouvstrenfftlitntlipLordjWithi .andinfaet, allthat's 



ar ci 



ire. And n - 




^ 









==1: 






'-^- 






, Allegretto: , v i -j* ■ _«^» — -. , 

1 ' — ^ ~pp — *—»•*& *■ ' s f f jz * / ( 

"Thv kingdom come" should be our prayer, "Thy will be done our con - stent eon. 1 hat 



|&£-i^-E_ — 









E»=z»— ±— *=:2r=!*=z£— 3=t:: —i 1— — 1 — i 



we uiav 

S 



li : g-£^g 



I 

a]] 



in 
i 



:raBS EEEf B, ==F 



z3— 



in*, K Wi 






3 



s= 



- S 



hail thee, Jesus 



Christ, our King. 



:t=! 



t: 



-J— 



!=ff: 






^r:=f= 



ii r 



Let u> love one another, and strive to be one 
In our efforts to build u|> the Kingdom of God; 
That His will may on earth and in heaven \«- done, 
Then we'll live without fear of the chastening rod, 
AW will beautify Zion, our homes we'll adorn, 
Ami we'll cultivate freely choice th.u eri and fruits; 

We'll not muzzle tl \ when he treads oul the corn, 

B it with kindno« control human beingr and laud--. 



Ohl how pleasant 'twill be, when we're joinod boarl and hand, 

I,, our oarnei I endeavorB for mutual k I; 

Kor then 1 ive, joj and pc»co will prex :iil o'er the land, 

And the way to bo happj bo well undersl I. 

Ami whenever wc meol oi isions like this, 

To giv ■ vent to our feelings, i" <•■■■! we'll sing pongs; 

Realizing thai Be i« tl ur f our bli s, 

And ' !>' irtfell thankKgivlng unto Dim belong*. 





&4= 



CT IT "V" IE UST 1 1_, IE I1TSTBUCTOB 




+ 

rigityil Jj0$frg 



s o nsr a-. 



BY CHAS. W. STATNEK. 



Tune: — "Gathering up the Shells from the Sea-shore." 



We'll sing of tlje Saints in the old world, 
Who linger where sin bears the sway; 
And we'll tell of the blessings in Zion, 
Prepared for all Israel to-day. 
Let us sing of the true gospel standard, 
The flag which by Joseph was unfurl'd 
With the sound of joy and glad tidings; 
Gathering up the Saints from tin world. 

Chorus: — Gathering up the Saints from the old world, 
Gathering up the Saints form the world; 
Oh! we shall b? glorified in Zion, 
Gathering up the Saints from the world. 

Our flith ever will keep increasing, 

And "iir works they shall shine as the day; 

Tor we'll gather the Saints that are weeping, 

Still scattered in land- far away. 

And the faithful will come with rejoicing, 

For the flag of redemption is unfurled; 

And we'll sing son?* ol joj everlasting, 

Gathering up the Saints from the world. 

The S :l int- here ha\ - promised to gather 
The poor and oppresse 1 among men ; 
Who have harkened to God - chosen servants 
And the gospel of Ji -u- tbi ir friend. 
So we'll fear not the followers of evil, 
For soon into darkness they'll be hurl'd, 
But we'll glory in G d be faithful, 

Gathering up the Saint., from the world. 

[Note. — The foregoing song was published in No. 25, Vol. 10, 
but, through an oversight, the chorus was omitted. For this 
reason we now re-publish it, with the chorus added.] 



S XJ 1ST ID .A. IT LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON XXX 




Q._How did Joseph cast the evil spirit out of Newel Knight? 

A.— He commanded it, in the name of Jesus Christ, to come 
out of him. 

Q.— Did the evil spirit ohey him? 

A. — Yes, if immediatelj left him. 

Q.— What effect did this have on Newel Knight? 

A. — His count 1 and became natural, and the 

spirit of the Lord came upon him, 

Q. — How many witnessed this miracle? 

A_— There were eight or nine grown pei on in thi ho e t the 

time. 

Q.— What etl'.-ct did it have, upon them? 

A. — They were astonished a, the powi r of God made manifest, 
and most of them becami member oi the Church. 

Q. — Whit occurred n after this? 

A..— Joseph returned to Fayette, Seneca Co., New York. 

Q — Was the Book of Mormon in circulation at this time? 

A. — Yea, and had been for BOme time previous. 

Q.— What effect did it produce among the people? 

A.— It was accounted a^ a strange thing, as the prophet had 
• 1 it would be. 



Q.— Did Newel Knight ever join the Church' 

A. — Yes, and was baptized by David Whitmer the last week in 
May, 1830. 

Q. — What took plice on the 1st day of June 

A.— The first conference was held, of ab tut thirty members. 

Q. — Were any others present besides members of the Church? 

A. — Yes, quite a number. 

Q.. — What business was done during the conference? 

A. — Several were confirmed, and a number were ordained to the 
priesthood. 



>- ' «> 



otjir, zpuzzhlie] box:. 

A PUZZLE. 



BY CHARLES REYNOLDS. 



In the kitchen and parlor, my whole you may see, 
At breakfast and dinner you always use me; 
If away from my whole a letter you take, 
1 then grow on a beast but not on a snake; 
Now reduce me again, and 'tis very clear, 
Although never seen, 1 am felt everwhere. 

E NIG M A . 



BY ROBERT \. I Kit. 



I am composed of 18 letters; 
My Is. 4, 16, 5, Id is an animal; 
My 8, 13, 1 is ; measure; 

My 7. '-', 14, 12 is a favorite dish with some people; 
My 3, 17, 9, 11 is a part of a bouse; 
Mv 6, 15, 4 is a pronoun; 
My whole is o Scripture name, 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 5 is Charles 

Sumner. We have received correct solutions from Juhu 
Walton, jun., Mill Creek; John 11. Wilson, Lehi; Lucy Stewart. 
Pleasant Grove; ( '. V. Watkina, Ogden; Arthur Stayner, jun. 
Lou Stayner, Nerva Richards, Farmington; also from E. 
Stookey and Thos. Wilson, Salt Lake City. 



Beauty. — What different ideas are formed in different 
nations concerning the beauty of the human shape and coun- 
tenance! A fair complexion is a shocking deformity on the 
Guinea coast; thick lips and a flat nose are a beauty. In some 
nations, long ears that hang down upon the shoulders are the 
objects of universal admiration. In China, if a lady's foot is 
so large as to be fit to walk upon, she is regarded as a monster 
of ugliness. Some of the aborigines of this continent tie four 
boards around the beads of their children, and thus squeeze 
them, while the bones are tender and gristly, into a form that 
is almost perfectly square, which is not less absurd than the 
habit of refined ladies of compressing their waists. 



JUVEITILE IIISrSTIRATOTOIR. 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

0N TT|K j.- IUST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE a. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^©"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




