ifllhuss to t\t '^ox'iil 



■^^4 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1870. 



NO. 21. 



OI^OSSTJIs^S. 



THE auimals which we present in our engraving in this 
number are of a species never seen by our readers 
born or brought up in this Territory. They are Opos- 
sums, animals which are very plentiful in the Southern 
States and in some of the Middle States of the Union ; but 
are rarely, if ever, found west of the Missouri river. In 



This is a favorite position of the Opossum, for when they 
are very young they twist tlieir tails around the body of 
their parent and cling to various parts of her body, and 
when in search of food they swing, by means of their 
tails, from one tree to another. They are very active 
climbers. They are very fond of corn, nuts, berries. 




form they are shaped \cij inucli like tlie lat, and most of 
them are not much larger, though some are as large as a 
cat. Their tails are very long and strong ; they are called 
prehensile, which means, having the power to seize or 
talie hold of as with tlie hand. One of them, you see, is 
hanging by his tail from a tree with his head downward. 



young biids and cg,-,s and even mice, and if tliej liave a 
good opportunity, they will also kill poultry, the blood of 
which they will suck ; but they will not eat the flesh. 
They are not so mischeivous in this respect, however, as 
the mink, the weasel and skunk. The Opossum is some- 
times seen by day, but generally prefers to prowl in 




3^ 16S 



J" TJ'V E I^T I L E5 I3^BTI?.TJOTOI2/ 



bright and still nights upon plantations and low swampy 
places. When on the ground, they are slow, and their 
gait is a pacing sort of movement. On trees, to which 
tliey take when chased, tlieir movements are very lively. 
The sense of smell is acute, and it is often found lying on 
its back in tlie sun. 

In the engraving there are four of them. It is seldom 
that so many are seen together; for the Opossum is a 
solitary animal, except wlien bringing up a family. 

If you look at that one stantUng upon its liind legs, you 
will see its pouch, in which it curries its young. The 
young, wlien first born, are about half an incli long, and 
are blind and destitute of hair. The mother places them 
with her moutli in the ik)uc1i, wliich she holds open with 
her fore feet. They soon flnd tiie teats, to which each 
one attaches itself very lirmly. They grow very rapidly, 
increa.a.ing nearly ten-fold in weight during the first week. 
When about five weeks old they are of the 'size of a 
mouse, and tliey then leave the pouch, to which they 
return to suck at the approach of danger. 

Opossum hunting used to be, and probably still is, a 
favorite amusement of the negroes in the South. In the 
fall of the year they are fond of its flesh ; at that season it 
is tender and fat, and its flesh is flavored lilie that of a 
sucking-pig. When they hunt them the sport begins 
after sundown. The dogs afford considerable aid in 
catching them and seem to delight in the hunt as much 
as their masters. The negroes generally carry torches, and 
axes witli which to fell the trees in which the animal 
takes refuge. Whenever it is cauglit, it is the custom of 
tlie Opossum to pretend to be (lead, and it will bear con- 
siderable torture without showing any signs of life ; but it 
watclies all tlie time for an opportunity to bite or escape, 
and it is very hard to kill. It is amusing to see how sly- 
ly the creature will crawl away after it has been captured. 
If one were brought into the house, and laid on the floor, 
you would think it certainly was dead, and, as long as 
you were watching it, it would not stir ; but if your atten- 
tion was called away, then it would make the best of its 
way back to its old haunts. From this peculiarity of this 
animal the word "possuming" has grown into use. When 
a boy or a man is "possuming" he is doing something to 
deceive. For instance, if a boy wore lying in bed, and 
pretended to be asleep when he was not, then it would be 
said tliat he was "possuming." 



I?.-A.a-C3-EID SOHOOLS. 



From "TmuMrns ok Invkntion and Diswjvkhy." — 
PablMcd by T. jXclson A- Sons, London. 



TO this noble work did .John Pounds apply himself till 
the day of his death, all the while toiling hard for his 
breafi, with but little notice or aiiprobation from the busy 
World around liim, and no ncoiiipcnsc! save the conscious- 
ness of tlie good lie was doing, and the gratitude and at- 
tachment of those to wlif)m he had been such a true 
friend. It was a white; day for him when some strapping 
young fellow, with a good coat on liis back and an honest 
smile on his face, — some gallant soldier or sailor, or in- 
dustrious artizan, — stepjicd into his little booth and gave 
him a warm grip of the hand, as he told him, nut perhaps 
without a tear on his manly face, and a little clioking in 
his voici", how he w;us one of the raggi'd little Arabs run- 
ning wild about the streets, to whom he had never forgot- 
ten to be kind and charitaiile, and whom he had saved to 
society and heaven. 

On the New Year's Day, of 1S.S0, he and his nephew 
were just going to n'gale themselves with a plateful of 
fresh sprats, in lioiior of the day, anil were looking ;it a 
print h(; had just received, as a gift of the season, of him- 
self and his school, when he suddenly fell down, and 




without a word or a groan his spirit passed peacefully 
away. When the children came as usual for their lessons,' 
they were flUed with consternation and sorrow ; and for 
days after, knots of the little creatures might have been 
seen clustering round the door, the younger unable to 
comprehend the sad loss tliej' had sustained, and all weep- 
ing that their kind, good schoolmaster was no longer 
amongst them. As he had wished, John Pounds wiis 
called away without bodily suttering, before inttrmity 
compelled him to desist from his pious and priceless 
labors. Well may we say with Dr. (Uithrie, himself a 
noble disciple in the same great work, "When the day 
comes wlien honor will be done to whom honor is due, I 
can fancy the crowd of those whose fame poets have sung, 
and to whose memory monuments have been raised, 
(lividing like the wave, and passing the great, and the 
noble, and the mighty of the land, tills poor, obscure old 
man stepping forward and receiving the especial notice 
of Him who said, 'Inasmuch as ye did it to one of the 
least of these, ye did it also to me." 

The benefit of .lolin Pounds' labors did not cease with 
his death. What he had accomplished, jioor and unaided, 
ami)ly i)roved what may be done in the department of 
philanthropy he had selected; and the lesson was not 
lost. In the field where the old cojjbler worked single- 
handed there are now many laborers, and rich and abun- 
dant harvests. 

The next great step in the Ragged School movement 
appears to have been taken in London about the year 
l.S4(). Mr. Wilson, one of tin* ciJy missionaries, going 
bis rounds among the low, li.'thy purlieus of Westminster, 
was much aflecited by the condition of the children in 
that nuarter, which is significantly termed "The Devil's 
Acre." For the most part witli theives and beggars for 
their parents, growing up in constant contact with the 
most contaminating influences, ill-used, half-starved, 
forced as soon almost as they were able to toddle to pick 
up a bving for themselves the best way they could — not 
unfreiiuently put into regular training, under some old 
and artful rogue, for a thief's life — these children wen* 
sinking deeper and deeper every hour of their young lives 
into the slough of misery and sin, in a few years to be 
plunged over head and ears in it, beyond all hope of 
rescue and escape. Wick and weary with the hopelesness 
of making any impression on the hardened sinners of 
maturer age, JNIr. Wilson felt that it was at the fountain- 
head that the evil should be grajipled with. At its source 
the dark stream of pollution might perhaps be checked, 
but the attempt to cleanse it^at full tide was little better 
than the task of "numbering sands and drinking oceans 
dry." Accordingly, he got the use of a dilapidated shed 
in a back court, and there, on the Sunday, gathered to- 
gether a-s many of the children of the neighborhood as he 
could induce to come. Wretched little <;reatures they were 
— nearly all in rags, some nearly naked, with clotteil hair, 
mud-covered hands and faces, so old-looking, and pinched, 
and woe-begone. As many as forty-four children were 
got together the first Sunday the schoid was opened, most 
of them the sons and daughters of thieves, not a few of 
theiu thieves and beggars Ibeinselves. It was not very 
easy to manage them at lirst, ignorant and unused as they 
were to all restraint; but by-and-by those who came regu- 
larly sobered down somewhat, and grew interested in the 
lesions, anil anxious to learn. The missionary found an 
invalualile assistant in an old tinker, who, wlien iie first 
came to that i|uarter, had sworn and jeered at him, l)ut 
who afterwards was the first to be at the school in the 
morning, and the last to leave it at night. Being amongst 
the children seemed to make a new m.iii of him; and he 
was never absent from the school but once, from , illness, 
for many years. 

It was" soon found, however, that what little good the 
children gained by the school on the Sunday they lost in 
the street during the rest of the week, through the liad 
example of parents and comiianions, and the shifts they 
were put to to get a living, (^ne lad of about sixteen, who 
seemed very anxious to get instruction and lead a better 
life, told the master, "It's little use of my coming to 
school in the ilaytime, when I've to go back to the streets 
at iii;rbt and thieve to keep niysell' from starving." 

>Ir. Wilson was fully alive to the dilliciilty, and resolved 
to try what could bo done to get over it. He got a lodg- 
ing for the lad, and supplied him with food. For four or 




^^- 




# 



^ 



G-TJ^EIsriLE IltTSTI^TJOTOI^, 




163 



» 



five months the boy lived on "bread and dripping" very 
gladly, learning very industriously to read and write, and 
do a little in arithmetic. Lord Ashley got a passage for 
him to Australia, and there he did well. "I shall never 
forget," he wrote home, "the Ragged School ; for if it had 
not been for it. Instead of going to Australia with a good 
character, I should have been sent to some other colony, 
loaded witli chains." 

Encouraged by the success of his first experiment, Mr. 
Wilson was loath to halt in the good work, though sadly 
put to it for want of funds. He hired a miserable little 
room for two shillings a-week, and selected six of the chil- 
dren from the school, of ages varying from fifteen to nine- 
teen, to lodge there. The only fare hs could ofler to pro- 
vide them witli was bread and dripping; and they had to 
sleep at night upon a truss of straw with but a couple of 
old rugs for covering amongst tlie lot of them, tliough 
afterwards an old sack was substituted for the straw, and 
a piece of carpet added to tlie rugs. Yet wretched as the 
accommodation was, the poor fellows were greatly de- 
lighted with it, and one of them was overheard saying 
one night, "Now, are we not comfortable! How thankful 
we ought to be! How many poor families there are who 
haven't got such good beds to lie on." A litter of straw, 
under a roof of any sort, was luxury to the destitute 
urchins whose usual resting-place for the night had been 
a door-stej), or under a railway arch, or in the inside of a 
garden-roller in one of the public parks, exposed to the 
cold night air, and all the inclemency of the weather. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



GO^L. 



THERE is no doubt that coal is a fossil substance that 
Wiis formerly vegetable matter. It appears to have 
been above, while buried up in the earth, although it is 
highly probable that it was originally buried under water. 
We may reasonably come to this conclusion from the fact 
that experience teaches us that vegetable matter exposed 
one the surface of the earth decays; and, when under the 
earth, the gases it contains escape. Now coal contains 
gas, it is in fact chiefly carbon and hydrogen; it appears to 
be vegetable matter that has long been soaked in bitumen, 
till its very substance has been changed. 

There are many reasons for concluding that the bulk of 
coal was once wood, the fibrous formation is often visible, 
especially under the lens, that is when examined by the 
microscoiie. Besides, fossil ferns and other vegetable or- 
ganisms are repeatedly found in coal beds; occasionally 
even the stumps of trees are found standing erect, as when 
they grew in the primeval forests. 

But the chemistry of coal points to its nature; wood con- 
tains the elements that are required to make coal. True 
there is a great diflerence in coal, some is very bituminous, 
this variety is known by its yellow glance and by its 
cooking in the fire, sometimes so much so, that it has to be 
frequently broken to allow the ai'' to get to it; and, there 
is some almost free from bitumen, as the anthracite. This 
however, should not induce us to doubt the vegetable origin 
of coal; wood itself differs materially, and there is much 
vegetable matter capable of being changed into coal that 
is not wood. 

Coal was formed, most of it, in very remote ages, and 
has, without doubt, taken very long periods of time to 
form, it is generally found in layers of a few inches, or 
feet, in thickness, with bedsof slate or sandstone between. 
On examination it can bo determined that to form even a 
few inches of coal an immense bed of vegetable matter 
was necessary, this would take a long period to grow. 



It is a great blessing to a country to have good coal 
mines, especially where manufacturing is carried on. In 
primitive ages men used wood fuel, this would be practic- 
able when in densely wooded countries; but even immense 
forests would not supply some of our modern cities ! 

For this reason, in the economy of Nature, vast store- 
houses have been prepared in the distant past, before man 
had a place on the earth, in which immense accumulations 
of vegetable matter have been brought into a condition 
suitable for man now. ^^ 

The anthracite differs miffierially from bituminous coal, 
but it is of great use for certain purposes in the arts. The 
cheerful blaze of bituminous coal makes glad the heart of 
man in his home. Some varieties are eminently suited 
to make gas, these kinds are subjected to distillation in a 
retort. The volatile (gaseous) matter passes over and is 
intercepted in suitable apparatus, as will be explained 
when "gas" is our subject. Some coal (caunel) will burn 
almost like a candle, hence its name. This kind is very 
smooth and compact, in some respects resembling jet, 
another kind of coal (carbon). This is sometimes turned, 
and otherwise made into ornaments. The kind of coal 
used for gas making may be found hero yet; if not, the 
very water we have so abundantly will supply us with its 
hydrogen when coal will fail to man, which it may do 
after ages have passed away; there is electrical matter ready 
to dp man's bidding when he has learned sufficiently in 
relation to the elements; there is an inexhaustble supply 
of heat and light ! When the time has come to need other 
material than coal there will be suitable substances found 
for the use of man. Gutta percha, india rubber, and other 
substances were useless till the telegraph was invented; 
there may be matter trodden under our feet as useless that, 
when man really needs it may become a substitute for, 
or perhaps, even supersede, and make unnecessary the 
substance we call coal. Beth. 

ooxjXjnycjtsr. 



:y 



Jicsolutions adojifed by the 20tA Ward Department of the 

Young Ladies^ Retrenchment Association, Organized 

July bth, 1870. 

Resolved; That we, realizing the sacred and important 
duties devolving upon us, as daughters of Zion, will from 
this day retrench in dress, and follow no more after the 
vain fashions of the world, but help to create a fashion of 
ours, acceptiible to all Israel, and pleasing in the sight of 
heaven. 

\ Resolved: That we, believing in the sacred scriptures, 
and as Saint Paul says there: "The hair is given to 
woman for a glory and a covering;" will not hereafter 
have our heads shorn of their glory. 

Resolved: That we, realizing that all will be judged 
according to their actions here below, will cease to be 
heady, high minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers 
of God, and walk with a meek and quiet sjiirit, which is 
in the sight of God of great price. 

Resolved: That we will devote such opportunities as we 
derive from this association to self-improvement, and in- 
stead of wasting precious moments, will use them for the 
purpose of becoming better acquainted with the laws of 
God, and we will also read the best books. 
Miss Kate Shakp, President, 



Miss Agqie Caine, ] 

Miss Lizzie Sharp, I 

Miss Emma Fowler, | 

Miss Georgiana Calder, 

Miss Rebecca Daynes, 

Miss Eliza M. Williams, 

Miss Sarah M. Napper, Secretary. 



Councilors, 



^ 



rc^ 



!|^ 



113 




164 



G-TJ^BITIXjE inSTSTI^/TJOTOI?.. 



riQd 



' ®fi$ inHtnlU itt^i^ruclat?* 



^ 




CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUIIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1870. 

'EIDXTOIRXJ^IL, yHOXJCB-HTS- 

AN who is placoJ by tlic Almiglity at tlie 
head of creation and has so much power 
granted to hiui, making him lord over 
the brutes, in many instances sadly 
abuses this jiower. If he be trtfe to himself 
and to the authority which our Father has 
placed in his bands, he is a blessing to his 
fellow-man and to all the inferior animals 
and creatures. Wherever he goes he 
carries wlth.him light and happiness, and the 
entire creation is gladdened by his presence. 
But if he abuse his authority, if he use it un- 
justly and cruelly, then he is changed into a 
monster; he creates misery and suffering, and if 
eumstances give him power, he becomes a scourge 
1 terror to his race. 

History is full of instances of this kind, and those 
cse deeds occupy the largest portion of its space 
have generally Ijeen great tyrants, robbers and murderers- 
They have tramjiled upon, and destroj'ed their fellow creatures 
to gratify their ambition, and left sorrow and affliction behind 
them in almost every step of their careers. The names of 
Alexander, Cre.sar and Napoleon are renowned the world over. 
The men arc called great. History says they were great; but 
of what did their greatness con.sist? Was it in blessing man- 
kind and making them happy ? No; it was in marshaling 
armies, in waging war, in conquering people and bringing them 
down in subjection to them. The sweetest music which they 
could hear seemed to be the cries, the shrieks and the yells of 
men fighting, of men wounded and dying. They were the 
means of .shedding rivers of human blood, and wherever they 
went destruction marked their pathway. Yet they are the 
adminititm of the world, and their names are mentioned as the 
most honored of the race! Is this not strange? Would you 
think that pcojile who ('all themselves Christians, and who 
priifess to be followers of the meek and lowly Jesus, could look 
upon the.-<c, and other men like tbeni, in any other tight than 
great murderers, and men whose ccmduct should be utterly 
condemned ? 

At present we can think of no bettor evidence of thede]>rav- 
ity of the world and its departure from the truth and tlie 
e.\ani])le of Jesus, than this. Jle was meek and lowly; he sul- 
fered wrong; but hi; did no wrong liinisell'. He was full of long 
suffering, mercy and <(iiniia.s,si(in. He blessed men wherever 
he went, and at last, he died for men ! lie cnuld liave called 
angcl.s to his a.ssistanee, Init lie did not; he patiently endured 
all that liis enemies eho.se to heap ujion him. His is a glor- 
ious example for men to follow. 

We read lately an a<'<"ount of tlic conduct of a French Gen- 
eral, who was a friend of J^ouis Nai)oleon, the late Kmi)eror of 
the French, wbiili shocked us. His name was James Lc lioy; 
but he called himsell' Achille St. Arnand. He died in the 
Crimea, during the war between France an<l Knglaiid on oni' 
.side, and llu.s.sia on the other. He w;iH Conimander-in-ChicI' 
of all the armies that fought against Ru.s.sia. Before that war 



broke out, in fact, before Louis Napoleon became Emperor of 
the French, St. Arnaud was a General in Africa, fighting the 
Arabs. He was so savage in his fighting, so ready to take 
away human life, that his command was called the "Infernal 
Column." C)u one occasion he received private intelligence 
that a body of Arabs had concealed themselves in a cavern. 
The "Infernal Column" was immediately marched there, and 
eleven of the fugitives came out; but St. Arnaud knewwhatno 
other Frenchman suspected — that five hundred Arabs remained 
in the cave. He decided to kill them all, and at the same time 
keep the fearful deed a profound secret from his troops 'P^Both 
his wishes were realized ! In a letter to his brother, after de- 
scribing the details of the operation, he writes: 

"Then I had all the°apertures"hermetieally sealed up. I 
made one vast sepulchre. No one was allowed to go into the 
caverns, and no one but myself knew that underneath there 
were tive hundred brigands who never again will slaughter 
Frenchmen. * * Brother, no one is so good as I am by 

taste and by nature. From the Slh to the 12th I have been ill; 
but my conscience does not reproach me. I have done my 
duty as a couiraauder, and to-morrow I would do the same 
over again." 

And yet this man was chosen Commander-in-Chief of the 
armies of "Christian" nations— France, England and Italy. 




DTI) you ever notice the difference between the words want 
and want'!? They sound very much alike; but how dif- 
fercrit their meaning! People who do not suffer from want 
have a great many jvants. President Young often speaks to 
the people about their wants. Their wants are one thing, and 
their necessities are another. He teaches us to repress, or 
keep in check, our ivants, and attend to our necessities. But 
there are many people who wear themselves out in their vain 
endeavor to satisfy their ivants, and when in a position to do 
so they frequently wear other people out, too, by urging and 
teasing them to supply their wants. This, of course, is very 
foolish. Children should always make it a fixed rule to be con- 
tent when they have things which are necessary furnished. The 
necessaries of life are those articles without which life can not 
be sustained, but the ivants of life, who caa describe them? 
They are frequently the offspring of a selfish and lustful dis- 
iiosition, and if persons allow a desire for them to increase 
within them, no one can tell to what length they will go; for 
the gratification of one want only leads to another. It is often 
said that one want begets another. Children, have you not 
noticed this? 

When we talk about a person being in want, the word tells 
of hunger, exposure, and acute ])hysical suffering; we under- 
stand such a person to be'destitut* of some a(;tual necessity of 
life. How different this to wants I This Avord implies fancy, 
tastes, and desires. A beggar may, for instance, be in great 
want; but his loants arc not many; in fact, they are necessaries 
—they are food, shelter and clothing. As people advance in 
knowledge and the jiosscssion of power, their wants increase. 
Oiir Inilians have but few loants. A person in humble liic has 
but few wants, compared with lho.se oi' a more clcvatx.Hl 
and cultivated i)erson. 

It should be the aim of chihlrcn, and grown jx'oplc also, to 
have but few icanUs. Let not your hearts indulge in them. 
Be content with what you have, and you will in this way have 
bapiiincss. As you'progress in knowledge you will have every 
reasonable want gratified. Let your desires be right4'ous, and 
the Lord has pruniiscd that lie will grant all such desires lo 
His people. 



TiKi.sK wlio never retract, love tlieniselvcs belXer than 
the tnitli. 



v^e? 



J-TJ'VEIN-ILE in^STI^/TJOTOI?/, 



165 rsj 



" [For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ftzzjl.:ro j^i<tjd the i^Ei^xivx^isrs. 



AT the titne of the discovery of America by Columbus, 
Spain was the most powerful nation on the face of the 
earth. Her power and riches were equalled by no country 
then in existence. The discovery of this continent, which 
for a short period, added greatly to her wealth, proved in 
the end the greatest cause of her decay. No sooner were 
the wonders of the "New World" proclaimed in Arragon 
and Castile than numbers of adventurous soldiers sought 
glory, a name and a fortune by rushing to the shores of 
the Gulf of Mexico, and there fighting, in the name of 
"their most Catholic majesties," with the various nations 
inhabiting those parts, for the possession of the new found 
land. But their avarice, their cruelty, their treachery, 
and their greed for gold, soon ruined the Spanish charac- 
ter, proving a curse to Spain and the ruin of her new 
colonies. \ 

In the list of [these ad- 
venturers you may have 
heard the names of Cor- 
tez, Balboa and Pizarro. 
The first con q u e r e d 
Mexico, the second dis- 
covered the Pacific 
Ocean, the third sub- 
dued Peru. Of this last 
conquest we will write a 
few words. 

Peru is situated on the 
Pacific coast of South 
America. Her people at 
the time of the Spanish 
invasion were far advan- 
ced in civilization. They 
were a mild, brave and 
industrious people. Their 
King was called thelnca; 
he was looked upon, by 
them, as being descend- 
ed from the sun and its 
representative on eartli. 
All power was vested in 
the sovereign, and no one 
of his subjects were admitted into his presence unless 
barefoot, and bearing a light bundle on his shoulders in 
token of homage. Gold was very plentiful in their midst, 
their plates and cups were of this metal, and it was of no 
greater value with them than iron with the Spaniards. 
About the year loll the Spaniards first heard of this 
wonderfully rich land, and their intense love for gold 
caused them at once to set about its conquest. This they 
eventually accomplished, partly by their daring and 
determined courage, but more by their treachery and 
cruelty to the nation. Upon these unoftending people 
who had done tliem no harm, they launched all tlie hor- 
rors of war, with its terrors, despair and death, the only 
crime of the Peruvians being that tliey possessed consider- 
able of that yellow shining god the Spaniards worsliipped. 

We will relate one incident in this cruel war, by which 
you will understand to some extent how Peru was conquer- 
ed. 

At the time Pizarro invaded it there was a civil war in 
the land. This drew away the attention of the people 
from their foreign invaders, wlio, succeeded in landing 
and building a town which they'callod, San Miguel. On 




the 24th September, 1532, Pizarro Drarched out of this town 
at the head of one hundred and seventy-seven men, of whom 
sixty-seven were cavalry. Everywhere the people received 
them with kindness, and the treacherous Spaniards pre- 
tended to be very friendly also. At length they arrived 
within a league of the Peruvian encampment, and here 
they saw the slope of the hills white with pavilions as 
thick as snow flakes for the space of several miles. They 
immediately sent an embassy to the Inca inviting him to 
visit their new quarters. They were graciously received 
by the Inca who returned the visit on the following day. 
He was borne on the slioulders of his principal attend- 
ants, on a throne of gold and silver, enriched with pre- 
cious stones, and adorned witli waving plumes of the most 
beautiful colors. When he reached the Spanish head- 
quarters, a friar came forward with a Bible in one hand and 

a crucifix in'the other, 
who commenced to ex- 
plain to the monarch 
the doctrines of the 
Roman Catholic faith, 
and called upon him to 
embrace the Christian 
religion, and acknow- 
ledge himself a vassal of 
the Spanish crown. En- 
raged and astonished, 
the luca demanded by 
what right he said such 
things. The friar handed 
him the Bible. "This," 
said he, holding it to his 
ear for a moment "tells 
me nothing," and he 
dashed ^it to the ground 
in disgust. The monk 
immediately ran to Piz- 
arro crying out that the 
Christian religion had 
been dishonored. A pre- 
arranged signal was 
given, and the Spaniards 
who had been hidden in the adjoining buildings, rushed 
out upon the defenceless natives and slew thousands. Not a 
Spaniard was hurt, except Pizarro alone, who was slightly 
wounded by one of his own men. The Inca was taken 
prisoner, and the Peruvian camp sacked. You can form 
some idea of the horrors of that day from our picture, and 
you may well believe that men who acted with such 
treachery, cruelty and treason to an innocent people for 
the mere love of gold, had little joy in possessing it. The 
lives of such men as Pizarro and Cortez are worthy of our 
contempt. They were proud, arrogant, foolhardy, traitors 
to each other, and a curse to the land. 

The captive monarch naturally felt anxious to regain 
his liberty, and he ottered to fill a room twenty-two feet 
long, seventeen feet wide and nine feet high with gold. 
This he succeeded in doing to the extent that the amount 
was accepted by the Spaniards, but he was not set at 
liberty. A pretext was invented] to detain him, a mock 
trial was performed, and he was put to death in the great 
square of the city of Cuxamalea, where he had been taken 
prisoner. This is one of the so-called Christian triumphs 
of the conquest of Peru. "• ^- 





1S6 



G-TJ^EnsriLEJ lilTSTI^TJGTOI^, 



^ 

'•5L, 



^iogrniiTiit, 



1= K. o 1= h: "E T . 



THE 




mons 



HE morning- after the meeting, tliose 
of tlie Twelve who were in Nauvoo and 
IJisliop Whitney called upon Sidney 
Rigdon. He agreed to meet them in 
council at Elder John Taylor's after 
dinner. He did so, and when he came 
in he paced the room, and told them 
they were used up and divided, the 
brethren were voting every way and the 
ti-jSIormons had got them. "You can- 
t," said he, "stay in the country; every- 
ng is in confusion, you can do nothing, 
a lack a great leader, you want a head, 
1 unless you unite upon that head, you 
blown to the four winds, the anti-Mor- 
iU carry the election— a guardian must be 
^ appointed." This was the style of his conversa. 
•^^*> tion from the time he reached Nauvoo, predicting 
7") evil upon the people, extolling himself, and relat- 
ing the great things he would accomplish, all with adesign 
to induce the people to accept him as the leader of the 
Church. 

These remarks stirred up Elder George A. Smith; he 
knew them to be incorrect and prompted by a wrong 
ipirit, said he: 

"Brethren, IClder Rigdon is entirely mistaken, tliere is no 
division; the brethren are united; the election will be unani 
mous, and the friends of law and order will be elected by a 
thousand majority. There is no occasion to be alarmed, Pres- 
ident Higdon is inspiring fears there are no grounds for." 

The result proved that he wa.s right and Rigdon was 
wrong. That election was one of the most unanimous 
ever held in Nauvoo. There were only five opposition 
votes polled in that city, and in the county the majority 
for the "law and order" candidates, as the men for whom 
the Saints voted were called, was over one thousand, and 
this, too, after the votes which the anti-IMormons had 
smuggled in from other counties had been counte<l! 

Before he left the council Rigdon said he did not expect 
the peoi)le to choose a "guardian" on Thursday, but to 
have a prayer meeting, an interchange of thought and 
feeling, and warm up cacli other's hearts. Tlie resilt 
showed how much confidence could he i)laced in his word, 
for when the day arrived, his proposition was not to have 
a prayer meeting, but to select and appoint a "guardian." 

Wliile these things were transpiring at Nauvoo, the 
Twelve Apostles were making tlie best of tlieir way home. 
Those were not the days of sjieedy communication by rail 
and telegraph that we now have. There was then no 
telegraidiic wire, along which intelligence could be flashed 
with lightning speed between friends widely separated. 
All news had to be sent by messenger or by tardy mails. 
Days and days had pa-ssed after the ma.ssacre of Joseph 
and Ilyrum before the Apostles in the East even heard 
the rumors of tliat foul crime, an<l then they had Ui still 
wait to receive the news in a shape iipon which tliey could 
rely. When they could no longer doubt the truth of the 
sad tidings they could not leave their lields imntediafely 
to return home. It was the i;">th day of .luly before they 
succeeded in getting away from New York. Refore them 
they had ajourncy which, make the best time they could, 
would occupy a much longer period than it now takes to 



come from New Y'ork to this point— the heart of the Rocky 
Moun.taius — or than it takes even to travel from the At- 
lantic ocean to the Pacific. But they felt to hurry; and 
well they might so feel. Hearts were anxiously beating 
for their arrival, and prayers frequently ascended for them 
to be speeded on their journey. At Nauvoo plotters were 
at work; wolves in sheeps' clothing laid plans to obtain 
possession of the flock. The chief shepherds had been 
slain, and now falseshepherds began to appear; they claimed 
the tlock as theirs. It was a critical time, and the faithful 
Saints desired the presence of the Twelve Apostles. That 
body was now the leading quorum; its President was a 
man of unflinching integrity, of unwavering faith, a man 
who had never faltered; it-s members were men of ripe 
experience, of matured wisdom, familiar with the law of 
God, the authority of the priesthood and the organization 
of the Church. If Rigdon's assumptions and claims were 
right, they were the men whose statement to that effect 
would have weight and carry with it confidence; if they 
were wrong, and this was the prevailing opinion, they were 
the men to expose and handle him. 

There was a providence in Rigdon's wish to have the 
meeting on Tuesday not being granted; the hand of the 
Lord was in Marks' postponement till Thursday, At 
about eight o'clock on Tuesday evening President Brigham 
Young, Heber C. Kimball, Orson Pratt, Wilford Woodrull" 
and Lyman Wight landed from a steamboat at Nauvoo. 
Once more there was a quorum of Apostles among the 
Saints; once more they had those who held the keys of 
priesthood and presidency in their midst, and though 
gloom reigned in the city for the death of the loved ones 
who had gone, yet men rejoiced, and a feeling of relief 
filled the heart of every faithful Saint. The guardians 
whom God had appointed were there, and the thought 
gave comfort and strength. 



Jv.dllSSIOIsr.A.K.'Z' SICEPOHIES. 



\T7E lately were in company with Elder John Taylor, 
' ' one of the Twelve Apostles, and heard him relate an 
incident in his missionary experience which we thought 
so interesting that we concluded we would write it for 
this number of the Juvenile Instructor. We have 
given you missionary sketches of labors on the Sandwich 
Islands, we will now give you one from another field. 

When the Twelve Apostles, under the presidency of 
President Brigham Young, went to England, it fell to 
lOIder Taylor's lot to go to Liveri)ool to labor. At that 
town he was the means in the hands of the Lord of rais- 
ing up a branch of the Church. Among others who were 
baptized w.as a man by the name of JMcGafley, an Irish- 
man. Sometime after his baptism he invited Elder Tay- 
lor to make him a visit at his house, which he did. lie 
met there a man by the name of Tait, also an Irishman, 
whose home was in Ireland, but who had come to Liver- 
pool on some business or on a visit. The conversation 
was kept up till a late hour in the evening, the principal 
topic, of course, being the gospel. When Elder Taylor 
arose to dejiart, Bro. Mctialley accompanied him to the 
door with a light to show him the way out. While stanil- 
ing there making the parting remarks, and taking leave 
of each other. Elder T.iylor felt suddenly leil to predict to 
P.rother I\rc(;afley that his friend, Mr. 'fait, wouhl be the 
lirst man baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints in Ireland. He had no sooner made 
this jtrophecy than he became startled at what ho had 
said, for at that time there were no lOlders in Ireland, and 
none had been there, and, so far as Elder Taylor knew at 
the time, none were likely to go there. Yet the Spirit of 



^, 



7^ 



Cr TJ ^ E! IsT I H. E IltTSTT^TJOTOI^. 



167 



J^i 



the Lord inspired tlie prophecy, and the Lord prepared 
the way by wliich it would be fulfilled. It was a predic- 
tion which a man could not fulfil, without God had in- 
spired it and arranged circumstances to bring it to vass. 

Time rolled on, and Brother McGalley desired to make 
a visit to his old place of residence in Ireland, and he was 
anxious that Elder Taylor should accompany him. He 
had received the gospel himself, and whatever his own 
weaknesses might be, he valued it then, and wanted his 
kindred and acquaintances in Ireland to have it also. So 
it was arranged they should go together, and they repaired 
to a town called Newry. In that country, and there are 
others very like it in this respect, when friends have been 
long separated, there are some who think that the best 
way of manifesting good feeling and joy, at the reunion, 
is to drink whisky together, and they think these meet- 
ings hardly satisfactory unless they can get drunk. Mc- 
Gatrey had a good many neighbors and friends, and he 
had, or thought he had, to drink with them. The con- 
sequence was he got drunk, not onoe but [several times. 
Probably the lirst time he got drunk he was so ashamed 
of his conduct, he a man professing to be a Latter-day 
Saint, that he got drunk the next time to hide his shame. 
There are people, of whom we have heard, who take just 
such a foolish, ridiculouij course as this. But whatever his 
motives were, he got intoxicated, and the people of the 
town knew it. This would have been bad enough under 
any circumstances ; but it was known that he was a 
member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, for, drunk as he was, he had taken pains to let 
everybody wliom he met know this. This is a way many 
drunken people have. He not only told them what he 
was, but you may be sure he did not fail to tell them that 
he was accompanied by one of the Twelve Apostles, and 
he boasted about him, how eloquent he was and what a 
knowledge of the scriptures he had, and told many other 
things of a similar character. 

This, you will readily understand, was scarcely the way 
that Elder Taylor wanted the gospel introduced for the 
first time to a people or a nation , and, we doubt not, he 
was terribly mortified at the ridiculous conduct of his 
companion. But he was there, and he had to make the 
best of it. They succeeded in obtaining, what in that 
country is called, the "Sessions House," which we would 
call the "Court House," to hold meetings in. In which 
he preached and gave out another appointment for the 
next evening. The people, knowing probably of Mc- 
GaflJ'ey's conduct, were very uneasy and restless, and 
kept going out and coming in, so much so that Elder 
Taylor told them that he did not feel like talking to 
them. He had plenty of appointments to fill, abun- 
dant opportunities of speaking to people who would 
be glad to listen to him, he said, and as they seemed 
so indiflf'erent about paying attention, he would not 
speak at that time; he added, however, that if there 
were any there who wished to ask him questions, or to 
converse with liini, they would find him at a certain place, 
mentioning to them the number of the^ house and the 
name of the street where he stopped. 

After this they went out into the country, and held 
meeting in a large barn. This was well attended by the 
people and good order jirevailed. Among others who 
were present were a number of young men who were 
being educated at a college in tlie vicinity, who had many 
inquiries to make about the principles. In taking the 
route back to where they could get a conveyance to carry 
them into Lisburn, they had some little distance to walk, 
and Elder Taylor had his valise witli him, which he had 
to carry. On this road they passed near the farm of the 
Mr. Tait, whom Elder Taylor had met at McGafley's in 



Liverpool. Bro. McGatfey thereupon proposed to Elder 
Taylor that they call upon him. They found him at home, 
and when they arose to pursue their journey, he accom- 
panied them, and insisted upon carrying the valise. The 
conversation, we may naturally suppose, was ujaon the 
gosjjel and its principles. They had not gone very far 
when they came to a "loch," the name which is given to 
a lake in that country. Upon nearing which, Mr. Tait 
spoke out to Elder Taylor, in the language of the eunuch 
to Philip (Acts 8 chap., 30 verse): "See, here is water ; what 
dotli hinder mo to be baptized?" 

Elder Taylor replied: "If thou believest with all thine 
heart, thou mayest." 

Mr. Tait answered: "I believe that Jesus Christ is the 
Son of God, and I believe also the principles which yoy 
teach." 

And right there, I<]lder Taylor baptized him, and con- 
firmed him a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints, and ordained him a priest. 

Thus did the Lord bring about the fulfilment of the 
prediction which He had inspired his servant to make, 
and Mr. Tait was the lirst uiuu baptized in Ireland in 
this dispensation by the authority of the Holy Priest- 
hood. 



.A. STE^TJO-O-XjE IFOI?. IjI:FE. 



IiHE recent terrible freshets in the James, the Shenjwi- 
doah, and other Virginia rivers, recall to my memory 
an exciting incident which I witnessed at Bichmond more 
tlian twenty years ago. 

It occurred at "the falls" — opposite which this city 
stands — a point at which the river, rushing over a bed of 
rocks more or less elevated above the surface, forms a va- 
riety of rapid streams, in which it was the practice at that 
time of boys to swim. When the river is low, these streams 
are comparatively safe to the bather, if he is a good swim- 
mer; but, when thecurrentisswollen by rains, they become 
very violent and dangerous^so dangerous, indeed, that the 
best swimmers make haste to get to shore. 

At the time mentioned I was bathing in the falls, when 
the sudden rising of the stream warned me of the coming 
danger, and I hurried from the water. In an inconceiv- 
ably brief space the river rose several feet; and half an 
hour afterward, the whole breadth of the falls was a roar- 
ing, raging, foaming m:iss of waves, dashed against the 
jagged rocKs, to fall back in clouds of foam. Thespectacle 
was at once beautiful and terrible. The citizens had 
hastened down to witness the sight; crowds lined the 
bank; and all eyes were directed toward Mayo's Bridge, 
against wliich the waves were beating with ever-increas- 
ing force — when suddenly intelligence ran through the 
crowd that a boy, who hail been swimming, was caught 
on a mass of rock, in mid-current, in the falls above. 

With the rest I hurried to the point of interest, and 
reached the banks opposite the rock upon which the boy 
had taken refuge. It rose about fifty yards from the 
shore, and was already environed by the raging current 
which boiled around it, throwing up clouds of foam. The 
boy was about sixteen, slender, entirely naked, for his 
clothes had l)een washed away; and we could see that he 
was white with the anticipation of swiftly-coming de- 
struction. He clung to a small mass of shrubs growing 
out of the rock, and his eyes were alternately turned upon 
the furious torrent around him and ujion the crowd on 
shore. 

Many hundred persons had quickly assembled, and 
each one hurriedly suggested some means of rescue. None 
seemed possible. No boat could live for a moment in such 
a torrent — the wa^s would have dashed it to pieces 
against the rocks. The only possible means of saving the 
boy's life seemed to be for some one to swim to him with 
a rope; but to attempt that appeared to be going to certain 
death; and, intense as the pity and sympathy of the crowd 
liad become, no one seemed willing to essay the desperate 







168 



J--CJ"V"E1TILE IlTSTI?.TJGTOI^ 



^ 



9'5U 



enterprise. Meanwhile tlie water steadily rose higher, 
and grew ever more threatening. Rocks in tlie current — 
one large one especial !}• — which a moment before had l)cen 
visible. just beneath the surface, now entirely disappeared; 
the roaring waters steadily crawled up the sides of the 
mass upon which the boy stood; and at last the angry 
waves washed his very feet, as lie clung despairingly to 
the swaying shrubs. A few moments now, all saw plain- 
ly, would end the tragedy. The unhappy lad would 
(juickly be washed away or submerged. In either event 
he would be swept to the jagged ledges below, and his 
frail form dashed to pieces. 

The excitement of the crowd had now become intense. 
Everyone held his breath, paralyzed by this spectacle of a 
human being about to be swe^il to destruction. All at 
once, however, a loud shout arose. Everyone hastened 
to the spot where a man was throwing off his clothes. A 
brave spirit had resolved to attempt the rescue of the boy; 
and I hurried with the rest to look at him. As I reached 
him he had stripped for the desperate wrestle. He was a 
tall, powerfully-formed young man of twenty-two or three 
apparently, an employe, it was said, in one of the great 
manufactories on the river, and his clear, brave eyes gave 
no sign of fear. Without a word he addressed himself to 
his perilous work. Going up the river-bank one or two 
hundred yards above, he tied the end of a ball of twine to 
his body, mounted upon a ledge, made a vigorous dive to 
reach the open current, and rising struck out vigorously 
amid the huge waves. The crowd shouted, and then held 
their breath, gazing at the figure of the swimmer, who 
seemed a mere leaf upon the furious torrent. He was 
swept along like lightning, dashed over the huge hidden 
rock I have mentioned, and through the great mass of 
foam which marked it; a moment afterward another 
shout ascended, like a roar, from the crowd — the swimmer 
had reached the rock whereon the boy stood, and had 
clutched a hanging shrub which enabled him to draw 
himself np out of the caldron. 

We could then follow all his movements. They were 
rapid, decisive, and self-possessed. Indeed, not an instant 
w:us to be lost. The water boiled already over the summit 
of the mass of rock, above which only the bending shrubs 
were now seen. The young man hastily drew toward him 
the twine, to which those on shore had attached a rope of 
the size of a garden line. The rope at last reached him; 
he clutched it almost fiercely, tied it around the boy's 
waist, then in the same manner secured it around his own 
person — he in advance — and then, just as the "hell of 
waters" foamed up around him, surging waist-high, he 
threw himself into the current, drawing the boy after 
him toward the shore, where a hundred hands were drag- 
ging at the rope. 

That few moments' struggle with the fury of the flood 
was one of the most exciting incidents whicli I have ever 
witnessed. The spectacle was indeed fearful. Tlie lives 
of man and boy hung upon a thread. A thrill ran tlirough 
all hearts; a loud exclamation followed. The boy had dis- 
appeared beneath the waves — the rope pulling him under 
— and then a huge, thundering, remorseless wall of foam 
rushed over the head of the young man, too; he sank, the 
torrent swept over him, and not a trace of eitlier man or 
boy was visible to the agonized eyes of the lookers-on. 

A moment afterward what seemed two eorjjses were 
dr.igged to shore out of the current. A dozen hands 
caught them, and a feeble movement of the young man's 
hand indicated that he was not dead. He felt for tlie ro])e 
around his body. All eyes were turned in that direction. 
The rope liad nearly buried itself, cutting into his flesh ; 
he was suffocating! 

The rope was severed instantly, and a long breaUi from 
the violet lips indicated the immense relief. i\n instant 
afterward the young man rose to his feet, and, as he did 
so, the boy, who had been a-ssiduously cared for, also 
opened his eyes, uttered a deep sigh, and then smiled. 
He was snatched frotn the very jaws of death ; and the 
courage of an unknown friend had alone saved him. 

I Iooke.1 at that friend. He was smiling, too, and re- 
ceiving, with the modest air of a br;*e man, the praises 
of Hie crowd. 

"I thought at one time' that I was gone," the boy said 
to hinf, feebly. The brave young man laughed. 

"I only ask one thing," he said, "that the man who 
cut that rope will sell me the knife thatcut it!" — Selected. 



%tUt%%h f odH>» 



I=ET 



o:f the hiotjse- 



Where did you come from, baby dear? 
Out of everywhere into here. 

Where did you get your eyes so blue ',' 
(,)ut of the sky as I came through. 

Where did you get that little tear ? 
I found it waiting when I got here. 

What makes your foreliead so smooth and high? 
A soft hand stroked it as I went by. 

What makes your cheek like a warm, white rose? 
I saw something better than any one knows. 

Whence that three-cornered smile of bliss? 
Three angels gave it at one kiss. 

Where did you get this pearly ear? 
God spoke, and it came out of hear. 

Where did you get these arms and hands? 
Love made itself into hooks and bands. 

Feet, whence did you come, you darling things? 
From the same box as the cherub's wings. 

How did they.all j ust come to bo you ? 
God thought about me, and so I grew. 

But how did you come to us, you dear? 
God thought about you, and so I am here. 



A RivEB IN THE Ocean. — There is a river in the 
ocean. In the severest droughts it never fails, and in the 
mightiest Hoods it never overflows. Its banks and its 
bottoms are of cold water, while its current is warm. The 
(iulf of Mexico is its fountain, and its mo'jth is the Arctic 
iSeas. It is the Gulf Stream. There is in the world no 
other so majestic How of water. Its current is more rapid 
than the Mississippi or the Amazon, and its volume more 
than a thousand times greater. Its waters, as far out as 
the Carolina coasts, are of an inditro blue. They are so 
distinctly marked that the line of junction with the com- 
mon sea water may be traced with the eye. Often one- 
half of the vessel may be [jcrccived floating in the Gulf 
Stream water, while the other half is in the common water 
of the ocean, so sharp is the line and the want of aflinity 
between these waters; and such, too, the reluctance, so to 
sjjeak, on the part of the Gulf Stream to mingle with the 
waters of the sea. In addition to this there is another 
lieculiar fact. The flshermen on the coast of Norway are 
supplied with wood from the tropics by the Gulf Stream. 
Think of the Arctic flshermen burning upon their hearths 
the palms of Hay ti, the m:ihogaiiy of Honduras and the 
precious woods of the Amazon and Orinoco. 



crxxvEisriXjE insrsTi^TJOTOi^ 

Is'published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVEllY OTIIKU ."^ATUUDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &i:PUBLISHER. 

iffivijle Copy, per Annum |3 00. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 QO, 

•W- Grain Ijroiii;lit to tliiK City for tlio .riiVK.Nn.K Isstiuktok will bo 
recoivcil at the oflicu of our paper— Uksicuht Niiws liuiLUiNos. 



^*t 



"t^^O^ic 



