

\I7E have in former volumes of the Juvenile Instructor 
\\ given our readers several sketches of life in India and of 
manners and customs ■which are at present or have been in the 
past in vogue among the inhabitants of that country. The 
scene we present you with this time is one of the river Ganges, 
the largest river in that far distant country. Aside from its 
association in our minds with the barbarous customs of the 
Hindoos, there is 
nothing very re- 
markable about 
this river. The su- 
perstitious zeal of 
those degraded 
people lead them to 
commit many acts 
which we, educated 
so differently and 
possessing such 
different views in 
regard to religion, 
can not consider 
otherwise than 
wicked; but great 
changes Lave taken 
place in that coun- 
try since Great Bri- 
tain has held rule 
there, and the rites 
and customs of the 
natives which have 
s o shocked the 
Christian nations 
are fast becoming 
things of the past. 

Nearly all the 
children who read 
the Instructor 
know that the Gan- 
ges is a river which 
flows through the 
north-eastern part 
of Hindustan. It is a very large, and, in many places, a very 
beautiful rivor. It flows in a south-easterly direction, and 
empties into the S 3a through a great many mouths; their 
numher is said to be a hundred. 

The Ganges was so called after a heathen goddess named 
Guuga. All classes and castes of the Hindoos worship this 
goddess. The river, as her representative, is regarded as very 




sacred. Those people used to believe that the waters, the 
sight, the very name even, would take away all sin. To die 
on the banks of the Ganges, especially if partly submerged in 
the stream or drinking of its waters, was supposed to render a 
person very holy and very pleasing in the sight of their imaginary 
deities. They oftentimes, also, besmeared themselves with 
mud taken from the edge of the river. On this aecouut, when 

any person was 
very sick, and it 
was expected that 
he would soon die, 
he was hurried, 
sometimes with 
and sometimes 
without his con- 
sent, dowu to the 
water. Instead of 
dying peacefully 
and quietly in their 
beds, soothed by 
loving friends, they 
were there subject- 
ed to many trou- 
blesome and pain- 
ful rites. 

One might some- 
times see several 
parties of Hindoos 
bringing their dy- 
ing relatives or 
friends down to the 
edge of the Ganges. 
In one place sons 
bringing a dyiug 
mother on their 
shoulders or in 
their arms, that she 
might drink or be 
plunged in the sa- 
cred waters. Thus 
supposing that her 
soul would be purified, so that she would go to heaven. Again 
might be seen parents sprinkling a sick child with the muddy 
water, while trying to sooth his dying groans by saying, "Lt is 
blessed to die by Gunga, my child." In another place a person 
seated in the edge of the stream with a priest pouring the 
muddy water dowu his throat, despite the feeble resistance of 
the dying man, and crying aloud, "0, Mother Gunga, receive 





154 



J TJ "V E 35T I L IE I1TSTBTJCTOB. 




I, 



his soul!" until the miserable victim would be suffocated or 
choked to death. 

Children raised in this country will wonder that human be- 
ings could be so depraved, and bound by superstitiou to such a 
degree, but the history of that country and several others fur- 
nish us many instauces of rites being practiced quite as shock- 
ing and barbarous as those we relate. 



HI T 



STORY O IF 
o HI XT IR, O BZ. 

(Continued.) 



T HI JE 



rpHE year 184$ opened favorably upon the people in the Camp 
1_ at Wiuter Quarters. Sickness was not so common as it 
had been the previous winter. A place had been found in the 
mountains to which the Saints could gather. This was a great 
relief to the people. From February, 1S46, they had been 
wanderers without a fixed home. They had stopped at many 
places, but they knew that they were only temporary residences. 
The land where they were to remain and to commence the 
building up of Zion was far distant. But now their circum- 
stances were better and more eneouragiug. The amusements 
and means of recreation for the people were limited, and 
therefore, a dancing school taught by Hyrum Gates, greatly 
contributed to the cheerfulness of the community during the 
wiuter months. The head-quarters of the Camp of Israel was 
still at Winter Quarters. Of the Apostles there were with 
President Youug at that point at the opening of the year; 
Heber C. Kimball, Orson Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, George A. 
Smith and Willard Kichards. Orson Hyde was within call on 
the other side of the river; Parley P. Pratt and John Taylor 
were at Great Salt Lake Valley, having moved here v ith that 
portion of the Church that had followed the pioneers; and 
Amass Lyman and Ezra T. Benson were on their way to the 
Eastern States on a mission. A town oil the eastern side of the 
river at Council Bluffs had been laid out by the Saints, and was 
named Kauesville in honor of Colonel Thomas L. Kane. Win- 
ter Quarters was on Indian lands, and the Government agent 
was anxious to get the Saints moved off; but he wrote a letter 
to President Yi ung, in which he prohibited the people from 
moving their log cabins over the river to Kauesville. It was 
not many weeks after doing this that he wrote another letter to 
President Young, soliciting charity in behalf of the Pawnee 
chiefs— an appeal that was not made in vain, for the Presideut 
caused that they should be supplied freely with corn and 
beef. 

At Kauesville the people were anxious to have a post office 
established and a county organization extended over the land on 
which they had settled. At some meetings held in January, 
1848, ;i petition to the Legislature of Iowa was numerously 
signed, and Andrew II. Perkins and Henry W. Miller were 
chosen delegates to carry and present said petition. They 
attended to this business and learned that the Legislature had 
made provision for the organization whenever the Judge of the 
4th judicial district of Iowa should decree that the "public 
good requires such organization." They waited upon the 
Judge, Carolton by name, who was at Iowa city, and he 
informed them that he had appointed a .Mr. Townsend to organ- 
ize said county. The delegation were introduced to the Secre- 
tary of State, who expressed a great desire that the Saints 
should stay in Iowa and improve the country. The politicians 
were very anxious to have a State road laid off, bridges built, 
and a post route established fir the convenience of the inhabi- 
tants of the Council Bluffs country. The Whig and Demo- 
cratic parties were nearly alike in numbers in the State, and 
both appeared very solicitous for the welfare of our people. It 
was not difficult to perceive why they appeared to feci so much 



interest. They wanted voters, and the party which could gain 
the ''Mormon" vote would cany the State. 

Soon after the visit of the delegation to Iowa city two dele- 
gates — Sidney Roberts and Winsor P. Lyon— were selected by 
the Central Whig committee of the State of Iowa to go to the 
Bluffs, hold a caucus there with the people and present an ad- 
dress from the Whigs of the State. Ill health prevented Lyou 
from going to the Bluffs, but Sidney Roberts met in caucus 
there with the leading citizens, and presented his own aud 
Lyon's credentials. The address reviewed, at length, the per- 
secutions heaped upon the Saints in Missouri, the ruartyrdoaj 
of Joseph aud Hyrum Smith, their leaders, and their cruel ex- 
pulsion from the States of Missouri and Illinois. The address 
also dwelt feelingly upon the deception aud treachery of the 
Democrats for askiug favors so often from, and as often heap- 
iug neglect, abuse and persecution upon the Saints, depriving 
them from time to time of civil and religious liberty and the 
inalienable rights of freemen; and heariug that the ''greedy 
cormorants of Loco-focoism" (the Democrats were sometimes 
called Locc-focos in those days) were at their heels, and had 
"commenced a systematical plan to inveigle them in the meshes 
of their crafty net," they delegated Messrs. Winsor P. Lyon 
aud Sidney Roberts to visit them and lay before them the 
national polity of the Whigs and solicit their co-operation; 
as uriug them that their party was pledged to them and the 
country to "a firm and unyielding protection to Jew, Gentile 
aud Christian of every name and denomination, with all other 
immunities rightfully belonging to every citizen in the laud."* 

( To he continued. ) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

X BOY'S VOYAGE B,OT_T3STID 
TBZE "WO^LID. 

(Continued.) 



riUIIRTEEN people, natives of Chili,were living on the island 
L at the time of my visit. The Fort and houses erected by 
the soldiers aud convicts was in ruins. One of the residents, 
for a small consideration, led us to the cave usually pointed out 
as Selkirk's, but it was so different in appearance and construc- 
tion to the cave of Crusoe that I was quite disappointed. Con- 
victs, possibly some of the present inhabitants, had recently 
made it a dwelling place, and blackeued the interior with the 
smoke of their fires. I ascended the hill at the back of the 
cave, and had a fine view seaward. Our ship was "close 
hauled" to the wind, working to the north of the islaud. I 
tried to compare my life of drudgery and slavishness on board 
the whaler, with the freedom aud solitude enjoyed by Selkirk 
wheu here, "Monarch of all he surveyed," and I must own my 
romantic ideas were considerably dampened; for a life on the 
vessel no matter how disagreeable, was to me preferable to a 
lonely existence on this beautiful and enticing isle. My visit 
to the island has always been a pleasant epoch iu my life, aud 
when thinking over its history and the events that have so re- 
markably interwoven Dampier with the lives of the Mosquito 
William and Alexander Selkirk, unfortunately leaving them and 
fortunately rescuing them, the truth seems almost as remark. 



- Their platform read as follows: "The national policy of the 
Whlgd Is hereby pledged to you ami the country to foster ami sustain 
domestic industry, to establish and maintain a sound national cur- 
rency of equal value to gold ami silver from Maine to < talifornia, to 
support a system of interna) Improvements state ami national, a 
distribution ol t he proceeds of tin.- sale of public la mis among the 
si:iiev according to federal representation, to advocate the integrity 
oi the public servants, to sustain an economical administration of 
public affairs, and a firm ami unyielding protection to Jew, Gentile 
ami i thristian of every name ami denomination nnder the Jurisdic- 
tion ol the United States. These and all other immunities rightfully 
belonging to every citizen in thelandthe Whigs are hereby bound 
bj their principles ami their sacred honor to carry out ami sustain.' 





CTTJ'V^ElNriXjS INSTRUCTOB. 



155 




able and interesting as the famed romance that has done more 
to perpetuate their history than their own acts. Before sun- 
down we bade farewell to Juan Fernandez with our boats loaded 
with fish and pulled off for the ship, going through a narrow pas- 
sage or strait between the main island and a small island called 
Goat Island. We found our vessel in company with the ship 
Henri/ Clay of Nantucket, Captain Skinner, forty months 
out from home and one thousaud barrels ol oil on board. We 
had a gam with her in the evening; bur her crew were all 
Sandwich Islanders (Kanakas) except her officers, consequently 
it was not very interesting to us fellows in the forecastle. 
Gammoning at sea, or as it is usually pronounced at sea ''gam," 
is an interchange of civilities between two or more ships, much 
in vogue amongst whalemen: usually the "lee" ship hauls aback 
her mainyard and hoists her signal, sigoifji ig her wish; the 
ship to windward squares her yards, puts her helm up and 
runs across the other's steru and speaks her. The captain of 
one lowers his boat and boards the other, when the mate of the 
craft just boarded returns in the boat with a fresh crew, officers 
resort to the cabin, boat steerers to the steerage and the crew to 
the forecastle. In a few minutes an acquaintance is as far ad- 
vanced as a ten year's intimacy ashore would warrant. 
Songs are sung and dire and wonderful fish stories related; 
books and old newspapers are exchanged. If the vessel 
spoken is just from home, possibly she has letters for 
you. After two or three hours pleasantly spent, the men 
return to their respective ships, wishing you greasy luck and 
plenty of it, and the two ships resume their courses. We had 
only got on board our vessel when whales were raised, and 
down went the boats from both ships but without any success. 
In company the vessels cruised to the westward. The day after 
leaving Juan Fernandez, we sighted the island of Masafuero, 
sixty miles west and similar iu appearance. Here we spoke 
the ship Martha of New Bedford, Captain Skinner, a brother 
of the captain of the Henry Clay, and the three vessels run 
north to the islands of St. Felix aud St. Ambrose. Here our 
captains intended to cruise for a few weeks, with a hope of 
filling a few of our empty oil casks. The islands are rocky aud 
barren, and only iuhabited by sea birds. The Martha was 
thirty-three months from home and had secured some fifteen 
hundred barrels of oil, aud among the whalemen was looked 
upon as a lucky ship; but misfortune or bad luck is almost 
sure to come iu some shape in a business so precarious and 
dangerous as the whaleruau's: the Martha was not to escape. 
About four oclock in the afternoon, whales were raised from the 
mast head; the boats were quickly down and iu hot pursuit. 
There is always considerable rivalry between boats belougiug 
to the same ship, but when the crews of two or more vessels are 
in pursuit (if a whale, the excitement and their exertions are 
redoubled. The boat commanded by the mate of the Martha 
was soon on the lead, aud to prevent frightening the fish the 
other boats lay to. The mate layed his boat alongside of a 
large whale in a capital manner, and the boat steerer drove his 
harpoons deep into the back of the monster; the whale sank 
under the water, but almost instantly his head reappeared, aud 
before the boat could be turned he crushed it in his huge jaws; 
as the two ends shot in the air he seized the bow end acid 
crushed it into a thousand splinters, he then sounded again and 
was seen no more. The crews of the other boats pulled with a 
will to the rescue of their comrades, but u i fortunately saved 
only four of the six men belonging to the boat; the tub aud 
midshipoarsmen were crushed by the whale's jaw, and their 
bodies had sunk out of sight. 

Not meetiug with any success off (he St. Felix islands, the 
ships parted company; our vessel cruising to the westward. 
Tint day after parting company, whale? were raised, and in two 
hours we had three small fish alongside, making, when tryde 
out, seventy-five barrels of oil fur in. Our course was now to 
the westward between the 120° and 13<J~" of west longitude, 



Un- 



known to whalemen as the "off shore ground." The whales 
found in these latitudes are very large, aud noted for their des- 
perate fighting qualities when attacked by man. As an exam- 
ple of their power I will relate the misfortune that befel the 
ship Ann Alexander, of New Bedford, that happened while 
we were cruising, and shortly after our arrival on this ground. 
( To be continued.) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

§>hmhh% of €ommott ® Tittup. 






ELEnyEBISTTS - SYJVCIBOJLjS- 

IN the last number of the Juvenile Instructor is an 
alphabetical table of elem ntary substances, with their sym- 
bols, and equivalents, or combining weights. In the margin 
may be found the names of a few of the oxides formed by the 
different elements. It will be well to preserve this table for 
future reference. 

The non-metals, or metalloids occur first in the table, these 
may be readily committed to memory, or the most important 
of them. The next in order are the metals, many of which it 
is important to be acquainted with; these may also be remem- 
bered, such as iron, lead; the soda metal, the potash metal; 
aluminum, which, with oxygon, forms alumina, the base of clay, 
calcium, the lime metal, and other common metals. Metals 
with unfamiliar names it is not important to remember, as they 
can be referred to iu the table when necessary. 

The symbols are easily remembered, they are in nearly every 
instance the initial letter of the name. When this is not the 
case it is because two or more elements begin with the same 
letter; in which cases the first and second, or first and third 
letters are chosen. Sometimes an clement has its common 
name with its Latin name appended, this is to explain the sym- 
bol to the youug reader who may not be acquainted with the 
techuical name. All the metais should end in urn, they do 
when written in scientific language, as zinc, zincuru; iron, ferrum, 
the Latin names of these metals. 

The combining weights are importaut to learn as every ele- 
ment has the power to combine in the proportion represented by 
the figures placed after the symbol. is 8, compared with 11 
which is ]. Thus H does not only mean hydrogen and oxy- 
gen but 1 part of hydrogen aud 8 parts of ox3 - gen, making 9 
parts of the compound formed by the chemical combination of 
these elements, which form water, an oxide of hydrogen. 

There are blank spaces before so.no of the names in the coui- 
biuing weight column, this is when the true weight is nut 
known, or has not been determined. All bodies combine either 
with oxygeu or hydrogen so that, eventually the true ratio of 
every other body will be ascertained. 

This table of elements is of great value in determining the 
weight of bodies, especially the relative weight of their com- 
ponents; ex. gr. 1 pound of hydrogen (1 is the combining 
weight, we must remember that) and 8 pounds of oxogeo (S is 
its combining weight) form 9 pounds of water. G pounds c f 
carbon combine with twice 8 pounds of oxygen, to form *_'"J 
pounds of carbonic acid. So, in any combination of elements 
exact ratios, or proportions, are preserved, and we know the 
ratios by the combining numbers. l!i::: 



A KIND old father-in-law wanted to know why the I'Yc jeeans 
are called cannibals, to which Barimm replied; "Because they 
live on other people." ''Then," replied he, unhappily, ''Jly 

four sons-in-law must )>.• cannibals — they live off me." 





156 



CT TT "V IE IN" I IL IE IUSTRTJCTOB. 




^Ij Su&ettile fttsf Pttcfor, 



CEORCE O. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, SEPTMBEB 27, 1873. 




I 



1\ 



OST boys like to be thought manly, and a 
truly manly boy is a very pleasant sight; 
one who mingles with the hey-day cf boy- 
hood a little of the thought of more ma- 
ture years. Bu; many boys take very un- 
manly men for their models. They see one 
foolish fellow puffing at a big cigar and 
they fancy it must be very manly to smoke; 
they notice another pouriug whisky down 
his throat, and they seem to get the notion 
it they would be much more like men if they 
ink strong drink; they hear some reckless 

m using the vilest language aud taking the 

^•^^■Jj'i^J name of God in vain and they jump to the con- 
usion that it must be something grand and 
)ravj to curse aud swear. 
Now then, let us tab? our last example and think 
about it. What is theie good, or noble, or brave, or 
wise, or praiseworthy in using the name ol our 
Father in Heaven or of our Savior, without respect, 
reverence in our daily common-place talk. Is any 
man or boy happier, wiser, better or richer by so doing? Are 
they the wise and good of this earth who do so? Are they 
not generally the most wicked and reckless of men who curse 
and blaspheme the most fluently ? Then why should we copy 
the worst types of manhood iu looking for the manly, when the 
examples ot the b^st are before us? 

It is a safe rule that it is not wise to adopt any habit in this 
life that must be given up before we can enter into the joys of 
the next, or, we should never encourage on earth that which 
will not be permitted in heaven. Every one of us is willing 
to admit that good men do not swear; do we expect they will 
do so when they enter the presence of God ? Do angels take 
the Lord's name in vaiu ? The idea is so ridiculous that we 
sear ily like to a-k the question. But then there is another 
question wliich this leads to of great importance to the blas- 
phemer. It is this; how dare we do that which angels dare not 
doV Is it possible for us to argue that that which is forbidden 
iu heaven is praiseworthy on earth ? 

Swearing is not only wicked but ridiculous. A boy wants to 
seem very brave so he places betweeu every two or three words 
au appeal to the Almighty, a request that some curse may fall 
upon him, as if any sensible person would be more likely to 
b< lieve him or have any more respect for him by this exhibi- 
tion than if he made his simple statements in plain English. 
How utterly absurd it would sound if someone for the sake of a 
change were to introduce a style of swearing something like this. 
The speaker commences— A big fire, (pistols and bowie knives,] 
occurred last night, fenders shovels and tongs,) at Chicago, 
sixty five (broad swords and flat irons,) houses were consumed 
and many (inkstands and penwipers,) poor families will be left 
without (fans and smelling bottles,) homes for the winter. 
This kind of swearing is new, but just as sensible and not a 
thousandth part as wicked as the way in which men generally 
indulge. 

Though we are sure no boy can tell us any advantege that can 

arise from the abuse of God's holy name, yet we can tell him 

many evils that arise therefrom. To begin, it is unnecessary 

tently foolish it !■ -- ns "Or r^spi-ft fir holy things 



and leads us into the society of the wicked; it brings upon us 
the disrespect of the good who avoid us; it leads us to other 
sins, for he who is willing to abuse his Creator is not ashamed 
to defraud his fellow creature; and also by so doing we directly 
and knowingly break one of the ruost direct of God's command- 
ments, for every Bible contains the word in which he com- 
mands: 'Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in 
vain for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who taketh his 
name in vain." 

Boys, if patient, will find that they are sure not to grow up 
to be any thing but men. But if they are impatient to adopt 
the ways of men, let them pattern after the best men. It is 
not manly to swear, but it is truly manly to raise the voice to 
God iu praise and prayer; it is not mauly to drink strong 
drink, smoke and chew, but it is mauly to observe the Word of 
Wisdom; it is not manly to loaf around the streets picking up all 
sorts of evil information, but it is manly to labor and to study 
good books; finally, it is not manly to serve the devil, to ape the 
ways of the wicked and copy the fashions of the gentiles, but 
it is most manly to serve God with all your heart, with all your 
uiiud and all your strength. 



AT a meeting of the Committee appointed to arrange for and 
superintend the proposed Jubilee, held on the evening of 
Sept. 22ud, the question of holding it this Fall or of postponing 
it until another season was fully discussed. The season has so 
far advanced, aud short days and cold weather are so near at 
hand that, it was argued, it would be better to postpone the 
Jubilee until next Spring or early Summer. If the music were 
all printed and the children were all trained in singing the songs 
prepared for the occasion, the Jubilee might be held imme- 
diately; but we have been disappointed in getting the music 
and songs stereotyped as we expected to have them, and have, 
therefore, been unable to strike off the number of copies needed 
as quickly as desired. After a full discussion of the subject, 
the Committee finally determined to not attempt to hold the 
Jubilee this Fall; but to postpone it as suggested. In the 
meantime we shall continue to publish the music and songs in 
the Juvenile Instructor, so that all our readers can become 
familiar with tbem, and the children and Sunday Schools be 
able to learn them. There will also be loose sheets of the songs 
and music struck off which can be had by all those desiring to 
use them in this form. It is expected that by giving this time 
for the schools to learn the songs and tunes, a much more suc- 
cussful Jubilee can be held than if it were hastily arranged this 
Fall. 



How TO DO IT. — An intelligent and thrifty farmer says: 
''But for the co-operation of my boys I should have failed. 
The eldest is near twenty-one, and the other boys in the neigh- 
borhood, younger, have left their parents. Mine have stuck to 
me when I most needed their services, and I attribute this 
result to the fact that I have tried to make their home pleasaut. 
I have furnished them with attractive and useful reading, and 
when night comes, and the day's work is ended, instead of run- 
ning with other boys to the railroad statiou aud adjoiuing 
towns, they gathered around the great lamp aud became inter- 
ested in. their books and papers." 



Take Notice, Boys. — Nothing sets so wide a mark bitwee 
a vulgar aud a noble soul as the respect aud reverential love o 
a woman. A man who is always sneering at women is gener- 
ally a coarse profligate or a coarser bigot. If a person has not 
gallantry enough naturally to treat the sex with respect, the 
ivflV.-tion that his mother was a woman ought to cause himto 



£j> 



% 



v~_ 




CT XT "V El 1ST I !_, B IWSTBTJOTOB, 



157 




THE ZKIZSTID DRIVES;. 



A LADY, sitting at a window with some frieuds saw a wagon 
and pair of horses corning down the ioad, driven by a stout 
boy. 

"Here comes a kind driver," she said. I've noticed the 
way he treats his horses, and their obedience and attachment. 
Wait until he gets near and I will speak to him." 

So when the boy came opposite the house, the lady called 
out: 

"Good morning, Benjamin. Won't you show uiy friends 
what a bright pair of horses vou have? Make them shake 
hands." 

The driver called, "Whoa!" to the horses, aDd as soon as 
they had stopped, he said, speaking to one of them, "Tom, 
shake hands!" when iustantly the horse lifted his foot in a 
pleased, gentle way, and gave it into the boy's hand, who, 
after shaking it and letting it fall, said: 

"Now, Tom, the other;" and up went that also. Then he 
went arouud to the other horse, aud he did the same thing in 
the same gentle and pleasant way. 




"Now turn round and come on," called out the boy; and 
instantly, without the crack of a whip or a loud command, the 
docile animals turned carefully the wagon to which they were 
harnessed, and followed their kind driver as a dog would have 
followed his master. " ^ 

"Thank you, Benjamin," said the lady. ''I wanted my 
friends to see how much more obedient animals can be made by 
kind than by harsh treatmeut." 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ITSraiTDEITT OIF LIFE OUST 
THE FLAUNTS. 



IX the days when our ox trains went to Florence, on the Mis- 
souri River, to bring the immigrants from that point, the 
remaiuing 1000 miles of the journey, to the Zion of their hopes 
and dreams, one afternoon, in July of 1862, an ox train was 
moving across the Plains at that rate of speed customary to tho 
bovine race under the rays of a summer sun. Contrary to 

orders reiterated so often by our worthy Captain , 

large spaces were left by several teamsters between their own 



teams and the preceding ones. There used to be considerable 
pride taken in the order and uniformity of travel in the large 
trains. This pride was connected with good common sense. 
To be safe it was readily understood that the train should be in 
close column, to be the more readily corralled, to resist an 
Indian attack, or any other exigency that might occur. Union 
was strength on the Plains in those days, and trains were not 
considered safe to travel unless they mustered an efficient force 
of well-armed men. Our Captain usually brought up the rear 
with his own teams, and on this occasion was rear guard. 
He had just awakened from a short nap, greatly needed by his 
broken rest of the night previous, when he espied the irregu- 
larity in the line of teams, of which I have spoken, and he 
walked rapidly to the front and ordered the teamsters to close 
up and keep in close order. At a point near the centre of the 
train was the large.'t break, aud as the Captain drew near the 
wagon that was at fault, he saw the corner of a yellow-covered 
novel projecting over the edge of the wagon box. Now our 
Captain was of a very practical turn of miud, and all such 
balderdash was held at a very low estimate on his price list of 
the needs of humanity; quickly catching, therefore, the corner 
of the cfl'ensive book, it was tossed back iuto the wagon with 
the remark that, "no such business allowed in this train while 
traveling; close up the gap;" aud the Captain was at the leaders 
heads (four yoke) ere the teamster could get his breath. No 
doubt it was a sudden transition from the tender love scene; or 
an awakening from the author's imaginary heroic resistance ol 
oppression to this case in real life. At least it would seem so 
by the manner in which our gentle ox driver strove to give 
vent to his outraged feelings. His language and epithets were 
far from polite, and the Captain was called anything but a 
gentleman, and this with such a force and vigor by the afore- 
said young gentlemau, who had risen to his feet in the front of 
his wagon box with whip stock clenched iu his hand, that the 
Captain paused a moment, then continued his r pid walk to the 
front. 

The train by this time showed more signs of life; the team- 
sters we,re aroused by the loud tones of their irritated compan- 
ion; they cracked their whips, and, urging their cattle lorward, 
soon closed up the gap in the train. Our literary hero was also 
out on his feet, driving up, so as to lessen the gap he had occa- 
sioned, and venting his fury in artistically cuttiug the blossoms 
off the sun-flowers that grew by the road side. While enjoy- 
ing himself thus he was somewhat surprised to hear the voice 
of the Captain calling him from the front of his wagon, where 
he (the Captain) had seated himself, haviug jumped up on the 
off side unnoticed in consequence of the dust raised by the 
teams. ' ''Come here, boy, or I must come to you," he heard 
the Captain say. A moment's hesitation, aud he stepped up on 
the tonaue, taking a seat ou the edge of the wagon box by his 
side. Whereupon the Captain, with that grace which only 
true gentlemen possess, acknowledged his abruptness in relation 
to the book, and begged our hero's pardon, taking all blame to 
himself, never alluding to anything luce dereliction of duty on 
any one else's part. Now this was too much for the young 
gentleman. He could not speak a word in reply; but grasped 
the Captain's outstretched hand, and stepped from the tongue 
to the ground, thereby causiug the fall of two large drops that 
were standing iu his eyes, which he in vain tried to hide when 
he grasped the Captain's hand. 

Reader, after that incident you should have seen that buy 
start when the Captain's voice was heard calling for assistance 
iu any duty around camp. 

Moral —Captains, go and do iikewiso. I nder like circum- 
stances you will not lessen your dignity or command; and, 
boys take care, obey orders, do your duty, and by employing 
your' time in usefulness, keep the gaps of temptation closed, 
that no evil may enter your path to mar your peace or fair 
name. 



--> P 




— • -*■ i :; ■ 




158 



JUVENILE INSTS/UOTOB. 




AHECDOTES OIF 1 WILD 

-A-HsmMZALS, etc 

(Continued.) 




THEY are excessively fond of eating buffalo and other game, 
killed too late in the day to be broken up, and, even when the 
hunters are sleeping by it, they will come almost within the glare 
of the fire, and tear and crunch away, taking no notice of shots 
or stones, but an occasional growl, unless hit, when they are 
pretty certain to make one spring into the center of the camp 
and do all the mischief they can. Apropos of this, I remem- 
ber hearing of a very plucky thing done by a native hunter of 
a friend of mine. He had killed a buffalo and was sleeping out 
by it alone, and during the night heard crunching going on 
that only a lion's powerful jaw could produce. He got up, and 
by the dim light of a third-quarter moou c uld just make out 
the outlines of two lions, about two yards off. He took a steady 
aim — he only had a single barrel— and tired at the nearest, 
which made a bound upward and fell dead. The other took no 
notice, and after a minute resumed its meal, upon which he 
quietly loaded and shot it dead upon the spot. It showed 
great pluck, for, alone in the da>k with two lions, and only one 
shot to trust to, is anything but a pleasant position. 

Sometimes I have heard the most extraordinary concerts go- 
ing on around game the lions were feeding on, wolves, hyenas, 
and jackals keeping up a continual round of howling, squealing 
and laughing, which, being interpreted, meant, I suppose, that 
they were very hungry and wished the lions would clear out 
and let them begin. It is by no means unusual to find a wolf 
or jackal lying dead, punished on the spot forduriug toappioach 
too near the bigger robber's supper, aud I have often s.'en the 
spoor where a lion had chased wolves several huudred yards 
away from his prey. 

Much has been written about their roar, and I must confess 
to having been disappointed in it at first; but after a time I dis- 
covered that, though it has no resemblance to thunder, or any 
thing of that sort, it really is a very awe-inspiring sound. It com- 
mences by a low booming growl, repeated two or three times, and 
increasing in loudness until it becomes a roar that fills the air, aud 
dies away again in a low muttering. Lions coining from a differ- 
ent direction will often keep it up for half au hour, answering oue 
another, and it shows how the animal is dreaded, that the 
moment it is heard near the camp there is a dead silence. 
More wood is hastily heaped on the tire, and all the natives 
uneasily shift their positions and take up their guns and spears. 
More than once I have lost a night's sleep by a serenade of 
this description, the lions, being hungry, and smtlling our meat, 
would keep prowling about close to until dawn. The low, 
warning moan uttered by tliom, if you approach too near a 
thicket where they are concealed, is a most unpleasant noise, 
and when I first heard it I almost mistook it for the moan of 
some large animal in pain; but it invariably means that the lion 
is in a bad temper, and you had better not go too close. 

The danger, if you come to close quarters with them, can 
hardly be exaggerated. There are cases where, single-handed, 
and armed only with a spear, a native has succeeded in killing 
one that has sprung on him without receiving anything but tri- 
fling injuries; but these are only exceptions that prove the rule 
that where they strike they kill. Unlike other large game, they 
divide their attentions equally, springing from one to another, 
and lighting with tooth aud claw in the must wonderful manner. 
It is a grand sight to see one charge a native regiment sent out 
after it, as they sometimes are, springing over the heads of the 
first line right into the centre, flying about, knocking men down 
with every blow, until, a complete sieve of assigai wounds, it 
dies fighting. 

They generally lie in the kaku-thorns, or in the dense ever- 
greens which line the livers, and in the summer in the reeds. 



The best chances for killing them are obtained in the former 
place, as you often come across them asleep when you are steal- 
ing about after game. It is better not to fire if its head is 
toward you, as, even if you shoot it through the brain, its 
dying bound may land it on top of you; but if you see one, go 
round and try to got a shot at its back — they always lie on their 
side — and then there is a good chance at their head or heart, 
with a possibility of breaking the backbone. Sometimes the 
bush is too thick for you to go round, and in that case hide, and 
break a twig, or give a low whistle, and it will get up, uncer- 
tain what has disturbed it, and give every opportunity for a 
steady shot. 

Sometimes one meets them in bad places, where it would be 
very dangerous to tire if alone, when, if seen, it is best to stand 
one's ground, not attempting to make any offensive movement, 
and not to kueel down; for some reason, probably because they 
themselves always crouch preparatory to attack, hons will 
rarely stand this if anything of an ugly temper. When you 
do fire try for the shoulder, or, if a very crack shot, and not at 
all nervous, the brain; do not aim too high, as the forehead is 
perfectly flat, and a ball is apt to glance. With a male, inj tiring 
at the shoulder, take care the floating mane that covers it does 
not cause you to aim too high, as, when the brute is angry aud 
bristles up, it makes it seem a much larger mark than it really is. 

When you have to take r fuge in a tree, go up as far as you 
can get, for if none of its bones are broken the lion generally 
will have a try at you, though, il the branches are thick, there 
is little danger even withiu its distance. 

In a case where a few seconds' delay may save your life, it is 
worth while to know that anything thrown down — a hat, coat, 
etc. — will first be torn up with a crunch of the teeth or a blow 
of the paw before your pursuer resumes the chase. It has, to 
my knowledge, saved more than one man at a pinch. 
f'lo be continued.) 



IMIY IMZOTHIEIR, TAUGHT ME 
HOW TO PRAY. 



My mother taught me how to praj', 

When a little wayward child ; 
She bade me fold my tiny hands, 

And then in accents low and mild, 
She taught me how to pray. 

And through all my childish yfars, 
Each night, beside my little bed, 

She knelt with me, and with her hand 
Placed on my infant-wondering head, 
She bade me still to pray. 

And in youth's bright and rosy morn, 
When my heart with joy was teeming, 

She gazed on me with eyes of love, 

And in their depth I read this meaning: 
Forget thou not to pray. 

As years passed on, and sorrow's cloud 
To me with bitterness was rife, 

In gentle tones the whispered me, 
"Joys are but transient in this life, 
Therefore, my child, still pray." 

And when the shadowy form of death 
Was stealing o'er her pallid brow, 

She murmured thus, iu low, soft strain — 
Mcthinks I hear her even now — 
"My child, my child, still pray." 

Years have flown since her pure soul 
Wing'd its flight to realms above, 

Yet to my memory e'er will clins 
Those words she breathed in dying love, 
"My child, my child, still pray." 



%G 




JUYE1TILE UsTSTRUCTOR. 



159 




QUESTIONS .A-IfcTID A.3ST- 

SWERS OZST THE BOOK! 

OF IMIO-R/lVEOItT. 

CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XXXVII. 

Q ■— What (lid the men who burned Noah do afterwards ? 

A. — They returned, determined to seek revenge if their wives and 
children were killed. 

Q. — Upon their return what did they find ? 

A. — That their wives and children were living. 

Q.— Did they join the rest of the people ? 

A. — Yes. 

Q.— Who was made king in place of Noah ? 

A. — L'mhi, his sen. 

Q. — What was his character ? 

A. — He was a just man. 

Q. — Is this the same Linihi of whom mention is made in a previous 
lesson ? 

A. — Yes; he was the king before wl.om Amnion and his brethren 
were brought. 

Q. — Did Limhi war with the Lamanites? 

A. — Yes. 

Q. — What was the cause of the war ? 

A. — The Lamanites accused Limhi and his pc ;ple c f stealing their 
daughters. 

Qr— Were they guilty of this ? 

A.— No. 

Q- — Who did steal the daughters of the Lamanites ? 

A. — The priests of Noah. 

Q. — How many did they steal ? 

A . — Twen tj'- f on r. 

Q. — Why did they steal these girls? 

A. — That they might have wives. 

LESSON XXXVIII. 

Q. — What became of their own wives ? 

A.— They were with Limhi and the people and they were afraid to 
return to them. 

Q. — Were the Lamanites satisfied when they learned the facts? 

A. — Yes for a while. 

Q. — Did they ave other wars ? 

A. — Yes. 

Q. — Were the Nephites successful ? 

A. — No; the Lamanites gamed the victory and still kept them in 
bondage. 

Q. — When they captured Amnion and his brethern, whom did they 
think they were V 

A.— They supposed them to be priests of Noah. 

Q. — What was the feeling of Limhi and his people after Ammon and 
his brethern had told them all the news from Zarubemla V 

A. — They wanted to be I aptized. 

Q — Did Ammon baptize them ? 

A. — No; he declined, considering hims'lf an unworthy servant. 

Q. — How did Limhi and his people escape from the Lamanites? 

A»— They paid a tribute of wine to the Lamanites, and they got 
drunk. 

Q. — At what time did they flee? 

A . — They departed by night. 

Q. — In what direction did they go? 

A. — Towards the land of Zarahemla. 

Q. — Who guided them ? 

A. — Ammon and his brethren. 

Q. — Did they take their property with them ? 

A. — All that they could carry, and drove their flocks and herds. 



QUESTIOITS J^HTJD J± HT- 

SWEHS OIsT THE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 




Subject — History of Joseph. 

LESSON XXXVII. 

Q — What did Jacob do before he died ? 
A. — He called his sons together. 
Q. — For what purpose did he call them together? 
A. — That be might tell them what would befal them in the last days. 
Q. — After Jacob had done so, how are they designated ? 
A. — As the twelve tribes of Israel, 
Q. — How did Jacob bless his tons? 

A. — "Every one according to his blessing, he blessed them." 
Q. — What charge did he give his sons ? 
A. — To bury him with hfs fathers Abraham and Isaac. 
Q. — How did Joseph act when Jacob died ? 

A. — He "fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed 
him. 



9' — jy imt did Josc Ph command his servants the physicians to do ? 

A.— To embalm his father. 

Q.— -How many days were fulfilled for him according to the custom 
for those who were embalmed ? 

A.— Forty. 

Q.— How long did the Egyptians mourn for Jacob? 

A. — Threescore and ten days. 

Q.— When the days of mourning were ended what did Joseph ask 
Pharaoh ? 

A -— Permission to go to the land of Canaan to bury his father. 

Q- — What did Joseph promise he.would do.if heot. tabled permission? 

A. — That he woulu return again to Egypt. 

Q.— What reply did Pharaoh make? 
., A.— "Go up, I pray thee, and bury thy father, according as he made 
thee swear." 

Q.— Who accompanied Joseph when he went to bury his father? 

A.— All the servants of Pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all 
the elders of the land of Egypt, and all the house of Joseph, and his 
brethren, and his father's house." ' 

LESSON XXXVIII. 

Q.— Who were left in the land of Goshen ? 

A.— "Only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds." 

0. — What else is said concerning the journey of Joseph r 

A.— "There went up with him both chariots and horsemen : and it 
was a very great company " 

Q.— How long did the company mourn fcr Jacob when they arrived 
at the threshing floor of Atad ! 

A. — Seven daj's. 

Q. — What did the Canaanites say ? 

A — This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians. 

Q. — Did the sons of Jacob !o all that he commanded them ? 

A. — Yes, they buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah. 

Q.— After they all had returned to Egypt, what did Joseph's breth- 
ren say among themselves ? 

A. — "Joseph will peradventure take us and will certainly requite ub 
all the evil which we did unto him." 

Q.— What did they do ? 

A. — They sent a messenger unto Joseph. 

Q.- — What was the messenger to say ? 

A — That their father before he died commanded them to ask 
Joseph's forgiveness for their siu and trespass against him. 

Q. — How did Joseph art t 

A. — He wept. 

Q — When his brethren fell down before his face, and said, behold, 
we be thy servants, what did Joseph say V 

A. — "Fear not, I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he 
comforted them, and spake kindly to tliem." 

Q. — How long did Joseph live? 

A. — A hundred and ten 3-ears. 

Q. — Did Joseph see many of his childit.,. ? 

A. — Yes, Ephraiui's children of the third generation and the 
grandchildren of Manasseh were also brought to his knees before he 
died. 

Q. — When Joseph was about to die, what did he say to his brethren? 

A. — "God will surely visit you, and bring }'ou out of ttiis land unto 
the land which lie sware to Abraham, to Isaac and to Jacob." 

Q. — What oath did Joseph take of the children of Israel ? 

A. — That they should carry up his bones from hence. 

Q. — When he died at the age of 11(1, what did they do to him ? 

A.— "They cml aimed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egpyt." 



One Glass of Wine.— The Duke of Orleans, the eldest son 
of King Louis Philippe, was the heir of whatever rights his 
royal father could transmit. He was a noble young man — phy- 
sically and intellectually noble. 

His generous qualities had rendered him universally popular. 

One morning he invited a companion to breakfast with him, 
as he was about to take his departure from Paris to join his 
regiment. 

In the conviviality of the hour, he drank a little too much 
wine. He did not become intoxicated. He was not in any res- 
pect, a dissipated man. His character was lofty and noble. 
But iu that joyous hour, he drunk a glass too much. He slight- 
ly lost the balance of his body and of his mind. 

Bidding adieu to his companions, he entered his carriage. 

When on the way, the horses became restive. But for that 
extra glass of wine, the duke would have kept his seat. 

He leaped from the carriage. But for that extra 
glass of wine, he probably would have alighted on his 
feet, but his head Erst struck the pavement. 

Seusless and bleeding he was takeu into a shop, and died. 

That extra glass of wiue overthrew the Orleans dynasty, con- 
fiscated their property, worth one hundred millions of dollars, 
and seut the whole family into exile. 




w 



SI 

% 



160 



J U "V IE ZL\T I Xj e htstbtjctob. 



''V 



Words t,t E. IIaniiam. 
Moderate: 



I1TVOOATIOH. 



i m 



(J: 



—-I- — — — »- 









Music ist Prof. C. J. Thosias. 



=*=2=S 



This day we come be- fore Thee Lord To sing thy praise with sweet ac - cord, Be- 



- I 



r~^-- 



— i 1 — i ^ — i 1 




-t-e. 



r=£=r=£==j= 



:£^=£=^ 



1?=W=Wi 



fore thee bending pray: Be thou our steadfast hope and shield! Help us the spirit's sword to wield; Pro- 



J 







- -»- ^ -»- ^ -— > i 

teet us on life's way 1 Help us the Spirit's sword to wield; Pro- tect us on life's way! Pro- 




O Lord ! may Itra'l do thy will ! 


Reveal to all thy sov'reign might, 


On ZIon's consecrated hill, 


Thy truth, and mercy, lo'. e and light, 


Thy name shall honor'd be. 


Oh! then we shall lie blest! 


The righteous ones like lions bold, 


Lord ! may we imitate thy Son ! 


As Piophets anciently foretold, 


And when our work on earth is done, 


Patting their trust in thee! 


Enter into thy rest! 



$ o m$ n a tift e tic e 



$$• 




Logan, Cache Co , Sep. 7, lsvs. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

I have enj )ycd a genuine treat to-day in listening 
to the harmony produced ny the scholars of the combined Sunday 
Schools of the various settlements of Cache County, engaged in the 
rehearsal of the smms to be sung at the Sunday School Jubilee, which 
is expected to be held at this place about the last of the present 
month. 

The superintendents anil teaches present evinced an honest pride 
lu the efficiency of tnclr pupils, and the happy, smiling faces of the 
little ones betokened the pleasure they felt. The selection of songs 
was most excellent, and they weie very well rendered, though It was 
the first general practice.. I am told that great credit is due Brother 
Knowles, the conductor, for his labors in training the children to sing, 
he having visited most uf the settlements of the county for that pur- 
pose. 

There is something in the Fluffing of children, the mingling of the 
voices Of the innocent little ones in harmonious strains, that awakens 
the liner feelings of our natures, and Jills our hearts with joy. At 
least it wa so In my cafe today, in looking upon the Joyous faces 
and listening to the pleasant voices of the assembled children. The 
interest felt by the people of Cache County In regard to Sunday 
Schools is worthy of praise, and the example set by them in sretting 
up a Jubilee in which all the children of the county can take a part, 
may be followed with prolit by every ether county In the Territory. 

'J. C. I.. 



Salt Lake City, Sept. IS, 1S73. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Deak Silt; I had the pleasure of an opportunity to 
visit the Willard City Sabbath School, a short time since, and was 
agreeably surprised at the number of children in attendance, and the 
flourishing condition of the school. 

Bro. Chas. Wright, the superintendent, has hit upon an excellent 
expedient for increasing the interest in the school and exercises, by 
establishing a paper, prepared in manuscript, and read In the school, 
the articles contained in its columns being written by the pupils, and 
prizes given for the best essays. In the superintendent's columns 
questions are asked, and prizes ^iven for correct, answers. 

A considerable number of excellent books are in circulation among 
the pupiis of the school, besides a large number that have been given 
as prizes, and great interest is taken in the school by the good people 
of Willard. Very respectfully, B. F. C.,Jk. 



vJXJ^EITITIjS HST8TRUCTOR 

Is pu Wished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER .SATURDAY. 



C£<?RCE Q CANMON, EDITOR A PUBLISHES. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum jjii: 00. 

i^~ drain brought to this city for the Juvenile iNSTnucroii will 
be received at the office of pnpei — Desehet News Buildings. 




