
VOL. XV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1880 



NO. 



THE FALL OF- JERICHO 




THIS picture is one of much interest to all those who have 
faith in God, and a knowledge of His doings among the 
children of men. To such the picture is full of meaning, 
but to those who have not those qualities it will be looked 
upon as a fable or an idle talc. The age we live in is remark- 
able for unbelief in God. It has become fashionable to deny 
the existence of such a being as our Heavenly Father, who 
made the heavens and the earth, aud all that is therein. The 
wise men of our 
day would say in 
their hearts: '"How 
absurd of those 
priests to blow their 
horns to cause the 
walls of Jericho to 
fall down ! If they 
had taken our mod- 
ern instruments of 
war, our hundred- 
ton guns and im- 
mense artillery, we 
might have believed 
in the walls of a 
city being batten d 
down. < >r if they 
had told us of the 

application of bat- 
tering rams, such as 
were used in o e 
primitive times, we 
might have believed 
the account. But 
this story is uieri 
child's play. Blow- 
ing horns to throw 
down -tour walls and ramparts! It is nonsense! 

But .-ui-li unbelieving persons ha\e faith in things quite as 
remarkable and inexplicable with our present limited knowl- 
edge of the laws which govern the natural forces. Electricity, 
electric light, microphones and telephones are indeniable facts, 
more or less understood by experience and observation. It is 
the unseen forces that so little is known about, and those very 
forces are the most potent. Such were the forces brought 




into play around Jericho. The fiat of Deity had gone forth. 
The priests were commanded to compass the city a certain 
number of times, and to blow with their horns, as commanded, 
and the people were to shout with a loud voice, at which 
signal the walls of Jericho weie to fall. How many of (he 
subtle and unseen forces of nature were gathered together 
while the priests and people were obeying the mandates of the 
captain of the Lord's hosts, we are not told. But there were 

enough of the na- 
tural forces present 
to produce the 
promised effect 
The walls fell, and 
the city of Jericho 
was taken and de- 
stroyed. These 
forces arc ever ready 
for such emergen- 
cies. The scripture 
is full of instances 
where the God of 
Israel has manifest- 
ed potential en- 
ergies which no 
mortal can with- 
stand. 

Alma cried in the 
hour of agony, "() 
Lord, give ns 
strength." There- 
quired strength 

came. "The earth 

shook mightily, and 

the walls of the 
prison were rent in 
twain, so that (hey fell to the earth: and the chief judge and 

the lawyers, and priests, and teachers, who smote upon Alma 

and Ainulek were slain by the fall thereof." 

[f we real the three last verses of the* fifth chapter of 
Joshua, and that part of the sixth chapter that gives us the 
history of the falling of the walls of Jericho, and then read 
the latter part of the fourteenth chapter of the Hook of Alma, 
we shall see that the same kind of unseen and. subtle forces 





50 



JTJYEI^ILE IITSTBUCTOE. 




were called forth in support of the children of God, by natural 
causes, producing natural effects. 



THE THREE ERAS 



BY HANNAH T. KING. 



( 'ontinued. ) 



W 



IIILE we are speaking of Solomon, I would endeavor 
to caution you to shun the rock upon which he made 
shipwreck of % hi.- faith, and fell from the very pinnacle of 
human greatness, and the highest favor of his God. It was 
by not maintaining the position in which God had placed him; 
but in converting his gifts into offensive weapons against himself; 
in allowing those who were his inferiors, in every sense of the 
word, and who had never beheld the spiritual light of Heaven, 
to draw him aside from the (iod of his fathers, by easting over 



Lis mental vision the darkness of idolatn 



This 



marvelous after the manifestations God had given him of 
the favor in which He held him. and the promise He had 

that hi.- wisdom should excel that of any other man, 
either before or after him, and which he must have realized 
in hi- kingly office of monarch and judge. This subject 
should teach yon to acquire strength of mind and character, 
that you may be able to withstand the fiery darts of the 

1. in the hour of temptation, by His strength who has 
said, ''My grace is sufficient for you." 
Woman has in all ages been a powerful influence over the 
tinies of man, often for g 1, and sometimes for evil, 

illy a- in the case of Solomon. When man uses her as 
the tool of his pleasures and caprice, she is permitted to lie 
hi- evil genius — he alone make- her so. and is alone answer- 
able for thi nsequences of his injustice. She was formed a 

i creature, and placed in Eden, standing side by side 

\\ : ih Adam, a- a helpmeet for him. 

•■ «a= in all her step-, heaven in lev eye, 
In are, dignity and love." 

Oh' how lamentable to turn from this lovely picture, so full 
of health, of life, and purity, to view her next a fallen 

creature, a ■'■. . tded being, subject to sorrow, to sickness, and 
to death! Man, too, fell through her influence, and bitterly 
she has, in all the pas) ages, been punished for the same. He 
has since bi ome her master, often her tyrant, her tempter, 
her beguiler; when he should have been her guide, her 
guardian, her bright example. But fallen and degraded as 

... hi God of love and mercy decreed she should be the 

honored instrument of bringing redemption into tin- world! 

■ d, Himself, pronounced that the seed of the 

; should bruise the Berpent's lead. Ye-, her offspring, 
the mi Savior, was to emanate from God and her; and, 

after [lis suffering, death and glorious resurrection, He 
appeared first to a woman. He knows her weakness and wan- 
derings, and al-o her loving nature: and His own gracious 
word- were. "Much is forgiven her, for Bhe has loved much." 

Though thoughl weak and insignificant, she has high and 

import to fulfill. She is sanctified by her mother- 

hood; 'tis her- to be the priestess to the infant mind, to give 
the word in season, which onh n mother's watchful eye can 
note and avail herself of; to sow tin • oo.| seed in the pliant 
and prolific mind "I youth, \ hich will lake deep root, and 
(.a bear fruit, some a hund cd fold, -ome fifty, some 
thirty. The bread wl been I upon the waters, 



n 



shall be found after many days." Thus unseen, indeed, but 
mighty, is her influence, and immense is her responsibility. 
{To he Continued.) 



INTERESTING- FACTS. 



THE DIVINE AUTHENTICITY OP THE BOOK OF MORMON CLEARLY 
PROVED BY ANCIENT INDIAN RECORDS. 

THE young leaders of the Instructor are all interested, I 
have no doubt, in gaining reliable information upon all 
subjects of importance. It has been said, and not injustly, 
that "Mankind denounce what they do not understand." It 
is necessary that we inform ourselves as thoroughly as our 
circustances will permit, and endeavor to get at the truth of 
whatever we examine. This is very necessary upon the subject 
of religion, for that will affect our present and eternal happi- 
ness. It is of the greatest importance that we should study 
and understand our Church works. 

Especially would I recommend the Book of Mormon for 
the perusal of the young, for in it we learn a great deal of 
valuable history with which mankind in general are not 
familiar, aud which they are not at present willing to accept 
as reliable. But, my young readers, allow me to assure you 
that the time is not far distant when they will be compelled 
to accept it as true, or, if they condemn it, they will do it 
contrary to their own conviction. I wish to tell you something 
that you are perhaps not acquainted with. 

At the time of the conquest of Mexico by the Spaniards, in 
the fifteenth century, the Indians had their histories, complete. 
They had nearly all that is contained in the Book of Jlormon, 
and when the Spaniards saw those histories they were surprised 
and said it would never do to allow them to exist or they 
could never make good Roman Catholics of them, so they 
took all the Indian histories that they could get and burned 
them in great heap-. 

The poor Indians wept bitterly to see their histories burned, 
and said that Cod would now be angry with them. An ac30unt 
of this is given in Boturini's Work. 

Had these books been preserved, the truth of the divine 
origin of the Book of Mormon would have been so clearly 
proven that no one could reasonably have doubted. But 
thanks to our Heavenly Father, they were not all burned. 
They did not get them all. And the result is that at an early 
day there will be published to the world, such powerful proofs 
that the Indians are of Israel that the wisdom of the world 
will not be able to controvert it. 

The writer has -ecu some of these histories, written by the 
Indians themselves, which are now deposited in the Aztec 
Museum in the city of Mexico. , 1 am surprised to find in old 
Spanish histories of Mexico. Central and South America such 
astoni&hiDg proofs of the divine authenticity of the Book of 
Mormon, for I never knew that such knowledge was in the 
possession of civilized nations. 

1 shall not attempt to give any account of what we have 
learned and read upon this subject. It will be forthcoming 
in proper time. 

Through the kindness ill friends we' have access to some 

very valuable libraries, and 'bu- our opportunities for inform- 
ing ourselves on that sul i< o a ■• excellent, had wo the time to 
devote to study: hit of course our time is so much taken up 

with our other duties that we have but very little time to 
spend in re-.ding. J. '/'■ S. 

City of Mexico, Feb.., 1880. 



• C^. 





CTTT^E UNTIL IE I1TSTBUCTOB, 



51 




ITEMS ABOUT MEXICO. 



M. G. TREIO. 




A LITTLE over three-and-a-half centuries ago, Cortez, the 
Castilian conqueror, with his followers, came to this 
country. He had a hard mission to perform, namely, the 
conquest of thirty-three millions of people, mostly inhabitants 
of a high table-land, 7,500 feet above the sea, called the 
Aztec empire. The struggle was one of the greatest in the 
history of mankind, owing to the ferocious bravery of the 
Indians, and to the tenacious will of their Castilian con- 
querors. 

Mexico, the capital of all this vast country, was situated on 
a small island of a lake, with a causeway or high level road, 
above the water, to get to it. The appearance of the white 
man was a shock to the whole nation, whose oracles had pre- 
dicted the destruction of the empire, when the whites should 
come from the east to take possession of the country. When 
this took place the emperor was seized with fear, and doubts 
came to break the energy of his nobles, who knew not whether 
the strangers were gods or men. At the same time, many of 
the people, or rather allies, of Montezuma, broke his yoke, 
:md ji lined the stranger in his threatening upon the country. 

Cortez and his 500 followers came from the sea shore to the 
heart of the country, Sghting and conquering almost all the 
tribes they met, until at last they came to camp before 
the astonished city of the lake. The doors were thrown open 
to the conqueror, the people tendering their submission to the 
great being of the east, ami declaring themselves as vassals of 
that great monarch, who had a right, according to their 
traditions, to rule over the country. Their history gave an 
account of a white man, that was once a great benefa tor to 
them, who brought them the blessings of plenty, and taughf 
them the arts of peace. He was made king, and lived with 
tliem some time, but finally disappeared, after telling thorn 
that he would come bark from the east, ,i id ag: in rule overthe 
country. Who this man was, nobody knew; it was only known 
that his temple was in Cholula 'the city of their gods), which 
was near the capital, and that he was Worshiped without 
human sacrifice, to which this deity was very much opposed 
in his life time. 

Returning to our account, we find that after the submission 
of the country by the free will of the Aztec emperor and his 
nobility, everything was doing well, until Cortez was obliged 
to leave the capital. He left his soldiers and Indian allies 
under tin 1 command of on.' of his lieutenants, who put to the 
sword in one day tie' greatest part of the Aztec chiefs, under 
di,. pretense nl' some imaginary rebellion of the people. This 
ai t of fiendish cruelty aroused the patient people to a sense of 
their condition, and they fell upon the strangers with their 
might to destroy them, and would certainly have succeeded, if 
Cortez, Willi his new recruits, had not returned to their 

rescue. He rebuked his lieutenant in the hardest manner for 
his lolly and cruelty, again took command himself of his 
forces, ami after making his way from the capital, fought the 
whole [ndianarmy in the valley of Otumla. It was one of 
the most bloody battles of the < |uest for the red man. 

Soon after, Cortez besieged the capital city with his armies, 
conquered it. and, after demolishing it in the siege, built it 
again, just a- it remains to day, with straight Btreets and solid 
masonry. 

In this way the empire was brought under subjection to 
Charles V.. king of Spain, under the dominion of whose 

.eminent it remained until 1820, when the decisive battle 



was fought against the mother country, and, as had been pre- 
dicted, the people gained their freedom from foreign dominion. 
But the condition of the natives was very little improved 
after they were freed from political bondage, for the evils 
introduced by the invaders continued with them. Indeed, 
they still exist in the republic, and the people will have to 
struggle hard to cleanse themselves from those evils. So we 
may say that, if the material independence has been achieved 
by the establishment of a republic, the moral independence 
has not; although it has cost already more blood and a longer 
time than its material independence did. The great difference 
between this country and the United States, after securing a 
republican form of government, is this: The United States 
were made free at once, and when their constitution was 
established as a guarantee to all, the life of the whole country 
with their streams of European immigration, turned into vital- 
ity, to develop the resources of the country. But here things 
have another aspect, as the people have never accomplished 
their wdiole freedom; for, after they broke the Spanish yoke, 
they remained under the Roman yoke, which was no less 
oppressive than that of Spain. Let them once become a 
free people, from the evils and influence of Catholicism, and 
their greatness and prosperity will surpass anything known in 
the history of nations. I can say, from information, and 
observation, that inany intelligent persons are devoting their 
life and substance to the accomplishment of this end, with 
all the energy of which they are capable; and, as they advance, 
victory crowns their labor. We feel assured that it will con- 
tinue until this nation has reached the zenith of its glory. 

To describe the riches of this country, the beauty of the cli- 
mate, and the good nature of the people, would take more room 
than I could expect in the columns of the INSTRUCTOR. 
These subjects may, perhaps, afford material for another 
article. 

I shall be satisfied at present to state that, after traveling 
in almost every climate and nation, I have never before seen 
any country that possesses so many desirable qualities as this. 
The table land of a thousand miles in length, from Mexico 
City to El Paso, on the northern line, which is, on an average, 
6,000 feet above the level of the sea, has no equal in beauty 
and healthfulness of climate. Here are excellent stock ranges 
and wheat land, with all the varieties of fruit of the temperate 
zone. Snow is only known in the mountains and high places; 
there is very little frost in the winter, and not any great heat 
in the summer, so that it is one of the most moderate climates 
in the world. The wanner parts of the country are teeming 
with the precious things of the earth: inexhaustible mines of 
the richest metals, timber of the choicest kinds, and all the 
luxuries produced in warm climates. The climate s not so 
bail, but a young man may stand it for one or two years, 
which time would be enough to give hint a start for future 
life. Only a continuation of this part of the country, called 
the warm climate, that surrounds the table land as a belt, and 
is open only to the north, is what is considered sickly. 

The fame of the mineral treasures of this country is well 
known; but their coal beds, coal oil springs, etc., are 
numerous anil abundant in many localities, and are as yet 

untouched. 

With all these natural advantages, the country has only 

s, iHiii,(inii inhabitants, mostly | r, who are waiting for some- 
body to < e and establish peace and better cust sin their 

midst; join them in developing the resources id' the country, 

and deliver them from the evil seeds planted here by the 
mother of abominations, 





52 



■XTJ^TIElsrilLjIKl I1TSTRTJCTOB, 




I must mention to the credit of the Protestant churches, 
that they have established themselves here in Mexico, with a 
power which begins already to overcome the mother church, 
and they are doing a great deal to develop peace and honesty. 
But the people, alter they have joined them, feel cool ami 
discouraged, as if they were waiting for a power, not of man, 
that could effect a permanent cure, and establish peace and 
prosperity for ever. I hope their desires will be granted, and 
that the Lord will work all things for their good. 



^(Ccrrcsjjonflcncc. 



Johnson City, Washington Co., Tenn., 

January 11th, 1880. 
Elder Georgi C. Lambert, 

Dear Brother: — I arrived at Carter's Dppot, 
Tennessee, in company with Brother G. R. Hill (with whom I 
was appointed to labor), on the morning of November 12th, 1870. 
"We had a letter of introduction from Bro. Morgan to one. Berry 
Daniels, which we presented on our arrival, but he did not 
appear to be willing to receive us. However, he gave us break- 
fast, and then took us to the home of a widow (Mrs. M. E. 
Burk), who was very pleased to see us, and said she wanted us 
to make our home with her as long as Ave should stay in this 
part. We felt ver}- thankful for this kind offer, as we were 
entire strangers, and there were no Sain's here. Since our 
arrival, we baptized her eldest son and his wife, ar.d expect to 
baptize her and family (she having two sons and two daughters 
willing , before long. "We did not convert them, however; they 
were believers before we came. 

We find the people are not anxious to hear us speak; some, I 
think, are actuated by a feeling of curiosity to talk to us, rather 
than from a sincere desire to know the way to gain eternal life. 
A goodly number of people have read the "Voice of Warning," 
and some Church pamphlets, and say they "can find no fault with 
them," and that the doctrines therein contained "agree with 
tl - riptures." But that is as fir as they have a desire to go. 
All are anxious to know what kind of a country we have, and if 
they could make money faster there than here, etc. We tell 
them we wunt none to go there except for the cause of truth, as 
we have enough "money seekers" tlmre already. 

This i- the poorest country that 1 ever was in. T would as soon 
go ,,ut and settle on the desert west of the Salt Lake, as live Inn'. 
without taking into consideration the state of society that exists 
here, which is bad enough, I assure you. People here say it is 

almost i r 1 1 J il.le to tell who are virtuous and who are not. 

There are o great many "fatherless" children, or little "waifs," 
me call tl em, of all shades and colors. 

Five bushels of wheat i- a g 1 crop per acre, and if they 

gather oi i bels, thej think they have an excellent 

crop. Tie- country i< very billy, or "knobby," as the people 
say, ami covered with lie. where it la- been 

chared for farming, etc. 

'fie | ri m M i untain lie- to the ' iding line 

State ami North Carolina. Quite a number of iron 

being worked, and tl e is id to be very rich, ami 

of the best quality; tie dipped in the pig. Wore 

ener ;etic northei n o ■ to come bere, and i iperate i n 
iron, I think they would ma >d thing out of it. But the 

I pie ami easy iti their habit- to make a 

-I' anythii I i for to-day, it i- about 

1 may ma -tay I r: our 

led i I I think it not \ ery prudent to 

ir time where our lal tot appi ialed, but move 

ere Ihey will be. 

Y"ur Brother, 

K. A. 1!a ; .[. \ntv.\k. 



ST. GEORGE'S CHANNEL. 




by (i. vr. o. 



\ S the traveler approaches the shores of Great Britain he 
• i - — *• is interested and astonished with the exactness attained 
by the art of navigation, enabling the captain to make the 
land tit the desired point, after battling for days against con- 
trary winds and currents, and sailing over nearly three thousand 
miles of trackless waters, through mists and fogs and storms, 
and perhaps getting but two or three observations of the sun 
during the time. 

On the evening of the eighth day of our voyage from lew 
York to Liverpool, as we retire to our state rooms, the purser 
informs us we shall see, when we rise the next morning, the 
coast of Ireland. In fact, his words were that we would sight 
Cape Clear light about three o'clock. 

Determined to be early on deck, we roll into our bunks with 
the fond hope of enjoying a good sleep, but in all probability 
lie for hours in a half dreamy and half wakeful state, picturing 
in anticipation the glorious and beautiful sights we are about 
to behold. So at least it was with us, and when finally awak- 
ing it is to find we have overslept, and it is broad daylight; 
that Cape Clear, with its tall, white light-house is broad off 
the steamer's beam, and the morning mist, like a delicate 
azure veil is slowly rising and rolling off the land, disclosing 
the beautiful verdant hills and slopes and cosy nooks and bays 
of old Ireland. 

The day is lovely, the bright sun shines warm and cheerful. 
We realize that we are actually drawing near to the end of 
our voyage. 

Passengers are busy everywhere; some making preparations 
to land at Queenstown, others preparing and arranging letters 
for London anil New York. The sailors are busily employed 
in all parts of the rigging and deck, putting everything in 
order, so as to make a tidy appearance in port. Ships, large 
and small, are ahead, abeam and astern of us, inward and 
outward bound. But the attraction is the beautiful shore, 
sloping, now gradually, now abruptly, towards the sea. 

The steamer keeps just far enough from the shore to avoid 
the headlands, but near enough to give us a distinct and beau- 
tiful panorama of the coast. The obliging quartermaster 
points out and names the hays, headlands and lighthouses as 
we glide along over the smooth water. First is Castle Town- 
send; then Clonakilly Bay: then Court MacSherry Bay, with the 
old head of Kin sale looming up right in front of us. As we 
round this bold headland, so close we can plainly see and hear 
the rude breakers lash and foam and roar on its rocky sides, 

we clos ir eyes and mentally contrast this bright August 

day with that cold January night when the wind and sea in all 
their fury dashed the ill fated transports, Mi Utile and Boadecia, 
upon the rocks, consigning their doomed freight of soldiers, 
with their wives and children, to an untimely grave. But our 
steamer glides on, and Kinsale with its melancholy records is 
forgotten. Cork harbor i- before us, and as we pass Roches' 
point and steam into the sunny "cove," our captain informs 
us we have made the passage from Sandy Hook to the point 
named in eight day-, twenty hours and fifty-five minutes, 
tlm total distance run being two thousand seven hundred and 
miles. The "Cove of Cork," formerly so-called, now 
Queenstown, in honor of Queen Victoria, who landed herein 
1849, when making her visit to Ireland, has a popula- 
tion of over ten thousand. It is six miles from the city of 

Cork. 




£8$ 
BR 



CTTJ "VIE UNTIL IE I1TSTE/TJCTOB. 



53 






Here a great many passengers leave the steamer. Many of 
them are tourists, who prefer visiting the Irish lakes ami the 
north, through Dublin, Belfast and Coleraine, crossing the 
North Channel to Glasgow, visiting the principal places in 
Scotland, then up to London, taking in the principal objects 
of interest on the way. 

Here also the mails are delivered to go by railway to London, 
where the mail matter will be delivered five or six hours before 
our steamer arrives at Liverpool. Of course it takes some 
little time, an hour or two, to transfer the mail, luggage, and 
passengers who intend visiting Ireland, to the little tug-boat 
that has eome off to the steamer for that purpose, and it gives 
us a little time to look at the beautiful shores and objects 
surrounding one of the finest harbors in the United Kingdom. 
It is said the entire navies of Europe could float in it with 
entire security and protection from the storms, come in what 
direction they might. The entrance is admirably defended by 
two forts, one on either side of the channel. There is a fort 
also on an island called Spike Island, which lies in the middle 
of the harbor. This harbor is noted for its beautiful scenery, 
and justly so. It seems impossible to describe its beauty, and 
the pleasant recollections it creates and leaves with the sea- 
tossed traveler. 

It was into this harbor that Admiral Drake retreated when 
chased by the Spaniards, then from the "cove" into "Drake 
Pool," then up a creek, called Cross Haven, when he was so 
effectually "stowed away" that the Spaniards, after several 
days' search, gave him up, believing he had reached the ocean 
again by the power of magic. 

As soon as the changes are made our vessel steams out of 
the harbor. We are all day going up St. George's Channel, 
keeping generally near the coast of Ireland, which is extremely 
picturesque and beautiful. The hills are divided by hedges, 
and varied in color, looking like a great variegated bed-quilt. 
This is caused by the different kiuds of grain and the soft 
green tints of the grass. These fields slope quite to the sea, 
or are terminated by perpendicular bluffs, or "heads," over a 
hundred feet high. Headlands, bluffs, little coves and bays, 
with beautiful beaches of yellow sand; lighthouses; old castles 
and abbeys— ruined and ivy-covered; martello towers, elected 
during the threatened invasion of Ireland, by Napoleon I.; 
stations for lookouts and guards; small, cosy villages, with 
fishing boats on the beach, are passed in succession. Ships 
and steamers, sending their long streams of black smoke, are 
passed all day long; and, as evening closes in, we fully realize 
our approach to the great center of English travel and com- 
merce. 

It takes about twenty-four hours' run from Queenstown to 
Liverpool. During the night but little of the shore can be 
seen, only the numerous lighthouses, flashing and revolving, 
or burning their steady lights— faithful beacons for the mariners' 

guidance. 

" When we go on deck in the morning we find our panorama 
has shifted from the port to tie' starboard side The morning 
is bright and dear, the water smooth and dotted everywhere 
with sails and steamers. 

Instead of Ireland, we have the coasl of Wales, with the 
most beautiful shores in the world. Here the hills, fields and 
groves, farm houses and villages, with mountains sublime 
pointing through the distant haze, call forth rapturous praise 
from everybody. 

Holyhead and Anglesea are approached and passed. As we 
skirt the latter island the steward points oul the spot where 
the Australian emigrant ship, Royal Charter, was wn 



in October, 1858, and nearly four hundred persons perished. 
In 1876 the steamer Abbotsford was also lost here; and on the 
8th of May, 1877, the Guiou steamer, Dakota, was stranded 
near the same place. Over three hundred passengers were on 
the vessel, but so admirable was the discipline that every soul 
was landed safely from the ship in twenty minutes. 

We humbly thank Providence for the protecting care that 
has guided our vessel safely to her haven, and spared us from 
shipwreck aud death, on points as dangerous as Point Lynas, 
on the Isle of Anglesea. 

To the northward the Irish Sea stretches, a great expanse 
of waters. Ships and steamers are crossing and hovering 
about, bound to and from the greatest commercial city of 
Europe. As wo enter the mouth of the Mersey, everything is 
new and strange and more exciting. The shores are of the 
purest green, with picturesque clusters of buildings and villas. 
The river craft has now become countless, ships, fishing- 
boats and little black steamers are darting in all directions over 
the water. Our vessel twists in and out over a circuitous 
course, with much ordering and shouting. The decks are 
covered with trunks, valises and bags. Some of the passen- 
gers calmly await until the ship anchors, while others who are 
nervous rush up and down, hunting for friends or their luggage. 
Many fret aud dread the custom-house examination;- but, as 
there is only a duty on spirits and tobacco, the patrons of the 
Instructor would have nothing to delay them on this score. 
The great ship drops her anchor if the tide is out on her 
arrival. If high tide, she slowly forges into her dock, the 
propeller ceases its monotonous stroke, the great steam pipe 
is opened, aud the loud rushing roar of the escaping steam 
announces the end of the voyage, and our arrival in Liver] 1. 



Cautionsin Eating. —Of course, don' teat too much. The 
digestive fluids are limited in quantity. All above enough is 
undigested, irritating and weakening the system, and often 
causing paralysis of the brain by drawing on the nervous force 
more rapidly than it is generated. 

Don't eat between meals. The stomach must rest, or it will 
sooner or later break down. Even the heart has to rest 
between the beats. 

Don't eat a full meal when exhausted. The stomach is as 
weak as the rest of the body. 

Don't take a lunch at noon, and eat heartily at night. The 
whole digestive system needs to share in the rest and recupera- 
tion of sleep. Besides, the tendency is to put a full meal into 
a weakened stomach. 

Don't substitute stimulus for food— like many women who 
do half a day's work on strong coffee or tea. As well, in the 
case of a horse, substitute the whip for oats. 

Don't have a daily monotony of dishes. Variety is necessary 
for relish, and relish is necessary togDod digestion. 

Don't eat blindly. There can be nothing in the body- 
muscles, membranes, bones, nerves, brain— which is not in 
our food. One article furnishes one ormore elements, and 
another others. We could starve on fine flour. Somearticles 
do not nourish hut only warm. 

Eat according to the season— one third less in summer than 
in winter. In the latter season, a little meal, sugar and starch, 
arc appropriate, as being heat makers; in tie- former, milk, 
vegetables, and every varietj of ripe fruit. 

Bat with cheer. Cheer promotes digestion; care, fret and 
passion arrest it. Lively chat, racy anecdotes, and innocent 

gOSRip, are belter than llall'oid sauce- -Selected. 





54= 



CTUYE^TILE IE"STBTJCTOE, 




%h§ Mnvtntlq |(n?»iritctat|. 



GEOKGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1880. 
IBIDITOZR,!^!., THOTJGHTS. 




ST 




HE Brigham Young Academy, of Provo, 
is an institution of which the Saints may 
well be proud. It was established and 
endowed by our late President, that there 
might be at least one academy in the Ter- 
ritory in which the young could receive 
training in the principles of our holy relig- 
ion in connection with other branches of 
education. The good that it has accom- 
bed is not generally known. Its benefits 
are probably only fully appreciated by those 
who have been the direct recipients of them. 
Professor Maeser, the principal, is a thorough 
scholar, an instructor of long experience, and, 

- ' *}• , a genuine Latter-day Saint. We regard the latter 

\ ' S^ qualification as being quite as necessary as the former 
in a teacher for Latter-day Saint children. If a 
teacher possesses the influence over his scholars that 
he s-hmld have, their moral and religious seDtiments will be 
shaped somewhat by those which he entertains and by his 
example, whether he pretends to teach in these branches or 
not. From our personal acquaintance with Brother Maeser 
and his able corps of assistants, we feel assured that no pupil is 
likely to be misled by following either their precepts or example. 
As an institution of learning, the Academy has probably not 
reached that perfection which its founder hoped to have it attain 
to, but we have no hesitation in saying that its system of 
instruction is more perfect than that of any other school, and 
improvements are constantly being made in it. We only wish 
there were many more schools exercising the same saving 
power over the young who are growing up in our Territory 
that the B. Y. Academy does. Our attention has been called 
to this subject by a communication received from Sister M. J. 
Coray, one of the directors of tin- Academy. Our observation 
leads us to concur in what she says about the effect upon a 
scholar i I' :. c mrse of training in the Academy, ami we trust 
eans an 1 patronage necessary to make the institution 
all that is desired will not long be wanting. We extract the 

in Sist( r < ' iray's communication: 

"I am a little disappointed at the want of general inti 
shown in the ]! Y. Academy, at Provo. I inn now so 
I that I c 'ii give con lerable attention to it- worki eis, 

and its struggling also to accomplish the greatest g 1, with 

• amount of in 

• :i pplies almost in its inci] ' 
•h of it- founder, i' inder 

ned i nei -'.v "!' pur| 
"Tl : he past su I this instil u 

not Oil • milium - 

at hi trong and uuflii ' trust 

in God. T • spirit of confidence mid zeal in every depart- 
ment of tli hows conclusive); that the energy of 
the presiding mind is imparted in a degree to each and all of 
the teachers. Scholars fully feel the moving power of the 



same spirit, and bend to their work with a will, deeming 
themselves inexcusably deficient, if in the least they fail to 
accomplish any task assigned them. 

"Elders, fathers and mothers in Israel, would do well to 
.consider and give close attention to the aims of this place, 
and more particularly to the actual results arising from even a 
short experience, as a student in the Academy; and how 
close the principles of faith, honor and a deep desire for 
general intelligence cling to the scholar — even after his 
departure from school they do not leave him." 



MY 



SECOND SERMON, 

WHICH WAS NOT A SERMON. 



BY H. G. B. 



AFTER delivering my first sermon or discourse I indulged 
in some very extravagant reflections aad ideas relative to 
my great success. I thought it easy enough for a "Mormon" 
to be a preacher. I considered it no wonder that Brother 
Jedediah M. Grant was such a splendid speaker. I never 
afterwards expected to have any trouble so far as preaching 
the gospel was concerned. It never occurred to me that there 
was any chance for a failure. As the power and inspiration 
enabling me to preach came from God, it was, I thought, 
simply impossible for there to be any failure. 

However, in this I was never more disappointed, as I will 
show: In a few days after I preached my first sermon, and in 
the same neighborhood, we held another meeting, when 
Brother Shelton called on me again to preach. And 
when, in obedience to the call, I arose to my feet, it was with 
all the confidence and assurance possible. But to my sur- 
prise and chagrin, I could scarcely utter a word. I was 
spiritually, mentally, and almost physically blind, and the 
power of darkness seemed to have complete control over 
me. After struggling with this power for a few minutes, I 
sat down in confusion and shame, not having been able to 
speak one connected sentence. 

Immediately, something seemed to say tome, "Now you 
have learned two important lessons: what you can do when 
the Lord helps you, and what you cannot do, without His 
help." 

No doubt some of my young friends are ready to ask, "Why 
did you fail?" It may have been that I was not sufficiently 
humble, and perhaps had not given God the glory to that 
that I should. The best reason, however, 1 think, was 
that the Lord designed to teach me a valuable lesson, which 
I in, i proud to say I have never forgotten; and to this day, 
when 1 arise to preach the gospel, 7 say: "0! my Father, help 
ii ion by thy Holy Spirit."' 



i\<; Names.— "Many a true won! is spoken in jest. " 

i [her liny, near the entrance of a saloon' we 

saw several young men piss in. As they stood at the Inn-. 

i ; ther, with a smile: "Nominate your poison! 

He had said a terribly true thing in joke, i'es, name your 

i theword! And they swallowed the poison and 

Soon another party went in. Said the leader 

i i,. as they lea insl the slab, "V, 

family trouble?' 1 meaning "What will you drink?" 

• Family trouble!— rightly named; for what has made such 

ry as liquor? And we walked away, feeling that 

wo bad learned two new and strikingly appropriate names for 

liquor: "poison" and "family trouble. " — Christian Globe. 





-JTJ^TIG^TILE USTSTBUCTOB. 



55 






tt; 



SEA ANEMONES 



/ T V HE readers of the Instructor have recently seen rep- 

■*■ resentations of sponges, which have been proved to be 

animals. Plants have also been shown which are carnivorous 



in their habits, as "Venus' fly-trap," the '."sun-dew" and 
other organisms which have powcr'to digest flies, etc., and to 
absorb into their respective systems nitrogenous food. Not 
very long since corals were illustrated, and life among the 
denizens of the sea-bottom was exemplified by types of polyps 





< Kg 



f 

1' 



i . 







^\ 




-.. ,' i •.". . 



SEA ASEMOSSS. 



/"' 



^ 



§. 



sin 



)n 






56 



JTJVEITILE IITSTBTJCTOB. 




of various kinds. Now we have an engraving representing 
sea anemones, and other beautiful and curious creatures that 
live and move and have their being in the depths of the 
sea. 

At one time it was a very difficult thing to get a correct 
understanding of the lower forms of life which reside in such 
out-of-the-way places as the sea-bottom. But since the intro- 
duction of aquaria, observations can be made even in our own 
homes, and the habits of very extraordinary creatures, hitherto 
vaguely known as sea-weeds, are just as well known as those 
of beings much higher in the scale of life, that is to say, more 
highly organized. These sea anemones look very much like 
flowers and vegetable beings, as we see them represented in 
the picture; and in life they have a closer resemblance to 
plants. On the other hand, there are vegetable organisms 
that closely resemble creatures of the animal kingdom. 

Thus, it is difficult to decide to which kingdom some of 
the lower grades of lite belong. It used to be sufficient at one 
time to say, "Animals move, but plants are fixed." This 
may, and probably does, define the very highest types of 
animal and plant life; but it doe.- not by any means apply to 
the lower animals and plants. 

Our young readers who have noticed the remarks made upon 
the coral polyps will remember that with stems rigidly fixed to 
rocks or solids at the sea bottom, the polyp animals were free 
to move. The sponges have, more recently, been shown to be 
vegetables only in appearance; the "sea-weeds" have also 
been proved to be formed of colonies of tiny creatures, dwell- 
ing in the cells or minute pores of plant-like forms, so that 
the mere outward form of an organism, or its ability to move 
from place to place, does not define the difference between 
plant:- and animals. 

There is. however, a broad generalization which appears to 
apply to even the lower forms of plant lite: plants have the 
power to take inorganic material as food, and in that way 
prepare it for the sustenance of organic beings which we call 
animals. 

Where the line "f demarcation between tin 1 two forms of 
life is to be found, that is, between the animal and vegetable, 

in i. i ei baps ue\ I t be known. The sea anemones, when young, 
move about freely in the water, and the >pon_'es do the same 
when young. The zoospores of sea-weed and other creatures 
of liki ie able to move about in their infancy. But 

some of them, when more advanced iii life, attach themselves 
to other -i: and remain fixed. In this condition the 

creatures put forth their tentacles to seize upon particles of 
organic matter for food; and, although they may he fixed to 

one spot, as plant- are. this feature in their life history proves 

them i'. belonc to i he animal creation. 




[Iold on. Hold "ii to your tongue when you are just ready 

'•. lie. -peak ha tlSC an improper word. Hold 

"a to your hand when yo out to strike, pinch. 

or do an improper act. Hold onto your temper when you 
are an. ted or imposed upon, or others are angry about 

you. Hold on to your heart when evil associates seek your 
company, and invite you to join in their mirth and revelry. 
II"M on t" your nunc at all times; for it is of more value 
to you tl i old, high places or fashionable attire. Hold 
the truth: for it will serve you well, and do you ood 
throughout eternity. Hold on to your virtue; il is above all 

.11 in all time- and place-. Hold On to youi 

character; for it is and ever will he vour 1 ■ -t wealth. 



TEMPLES 



BY DANIEL TTLER. 



( Continued. ) 

IT was in Nauvoo that the doctrine of baptism for the dead 
was first taught as a principle of the faith of the Saints, 
although I understand that in the days of Kirtland Joseph 
told some of the Elders that it was a part of the gospel, and 
would yet be practiced as such. The knowledge of the fact 
that temples were the places to attend to this ordinance seems 
not to have been possessed, even by the prophet, much less 
the masses of the Saints. The Lord told Joseph to teach it, 
which he did, and found the great majority of the Saints ready 
to receive it. Many were baptized in the Mississippi River. 
This trial of their faith was sufficient, and the Lord then told 
Joseph that a temple was the proper place, and that the base- 
ment was the place for the baptismal font as it represented 
the grave. What they had done was accepted and valid until 
they had an opportunity of building a temple with a font. 
Then it would have to be done over again according to the 
pattern. 

At this time Joseph's life was sought by his enemies, and 
he had to hide or flee from place to place to keep out of their 
hands, hence he wrote letters giving a little here and a little 
there; for, clear as is this doctrine now, it was new to the 
Saints then, and some stumbled at it. 

For at least fourteen hundred years the ministers had told 
the people that nothing could be done for people after they 
were dead. If they were good, religious people they went 
direct to heaven; but if they were wicked, or only common 
moral people and not religious, they, with the murderer, thief, 
liar and all other bad people, went immediately to a lake of 
fire and brimstone, there to remain to all eternity. The 
Catholics were an exception to this rule, as they held that for 
certain sums of money the wicked might be prayed out of hell, 
or purgatory, as they term it, by the priest, under the authority 
of the pope or presiding bishop which is the highest officer 
in their church. 

What a flood of light now opened up to the faithful Saints! 
Truly this was turning the key of Elijah, who appeared to 
Joseph in the Kirtland Temple and gave him power to turn 
the hearts of the fathers to the children and the children to 
their fathers. How this was to be done was not then made 
known, but the Lord took a time when Joseph needed comfort 
and when the Saints needed encouragement to roll back the 
curtain of superstition and bigotry, whereby the children could 
release their lathers from the prison house of darkness and 
hopeless gloom, and allow them to gather and associate with 
the Saints who had heard and obeyed, the gospel in the flesh. 
Mo you not think, children, that this would turn the hearts 
..I' the fathers to the children, and that the children's hearts 
would naturally turn towards their fathers? Such love and 
t a- the Saints manifest for their ancestors are nowhere 
else to be found. It is true there is a great stir in the world 
now, tracing up genealogies, but it is for earthly glory or 
renown, for the world do not believe anything can be done to 
benefit the dead. 

The Lord told Joseph there must be a recorder to keep a 
record of the baptisms for the dead, and that there should 
also be two or three witm sses who could testily to the facts, 
and their names should also be recorded. Then there should 
be a general recorder, who should write all those things in .a 
book, as the dead would be judged out of the things written 



/i 




J"TJ^T3I]^TII_,Il1 INSTRUCTOR. 



57 




in the books; that is, by what the books showed had been done 
for them by the living. The Elders had read in the revelations 
of St. John that the dead should be judged by the things 
written in the books, but until now they could not comprehend 
it. The Lord told Joseph that the reorder mu<t "be very 
particular and precise in faking the whole proceedings, 
certifying in his record that he saw with his eyes and heard 
with his ears, giving the date, and names," etc. 

Joseph further instructed the Saints that the reason why the 
Lord was so particular about the records was because what 
was properly recorded by those holding the holy priesthood 
would be recorded in heaven. 

[To be Continued.) 



BOOK OF MORMON SKETCHES. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 



A : 



[Continued.) 

S Alma was going to the land of Gideon, southward. 
towards Manti, he was astonished to meet the sons of 
Mosiah, going towards the land of Zarahemla. They had 
been absent fourteen years, on their mission to the Lamanites. 
They had endured much, and had been very successful in 
bringing many of them to a knowledge of the truth. They 
had witnessed great manifestations of the power of God, in 
their deliverance from enemies, and in the conversion of the 
Lamanites. The preaching of the gospel created a great 
division among them. Those who would not receive the 
teachings of Amnion and his brethren, prepared to make war 
with those who did. Amnion and his brethren met in council 
with the two kings of the Lamanites. who had been converted 
in the land of Ishmael, to concert measures to defend them- 
selves from their enemies. To distinguish themselves from 
their enemies, the Lamanite converts had taken the name of 
Anti-Nephi-Lehi. Without exception, they positively refused 
to make any preparation for war, or to defend themselves by 

the shedding of bl 1. They assigned as a reason for this 

remarkable decision that they had been guilty of great sins 
which the Lord had forgiven them, and they dare not again 
stain their swords with blood, lest they might sin again and 
not be forgiven. When the kings had given their views on 
the matter, the people took their swords and all their other 
weapons of war and buried them deep in the earth, as a testi- 
mony to God and men (hat they would never again use weapons 
for shedding man's blood. They also covenanted with God 
that they would give up their own lives rather than shed the 
blood of their brethren. 

The Lamanites went up to the land of Nephi to destroy the 
kirn; and people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi. When the latter saw 
their enemies coming, they met them and prostrated them- 
selves, and began to pray to the Lord. While in this attitude, 
their enemies, without meeting with any resistence, slew one 
thousand and live of them. This wonderful example of 

humility and forbearance so affected lie' Lai dtes that a par; 

of them threw down their arms and refused to ever take them 

up again, even in self-defense. More wereco ted than had 

been slain. It is remarkable thai those who were converted 

», re descendants of Laman and Leu 1. None of them were 

Amalekites, Amulonites r of the order of Nehor. No 

further attempt Was made at this time by the Lamanites to 

slay more of the people of Anti-Nephi Lehi, but they swore 
■j!\ vengeance upon the Nephites. 

fkrP 



The Lamanites marched their armies into the land of 
Ammonihah, ami destroyed the inhabitants. They afterwards 
had many battles with the Nephites, in which they were driven 
and slain. Among those who were destroyed were nearly all 
the descendants of the priests of Noah, by the daughters of 
the Lamanites. The remainder of them fled into the east 
wilderness, and usurped authority over the Lamanites. They 
put many of them to death by tire, on account of their relig- 
ious belief, for they had been stirred up by the preaching of 
Aaron and his brethren, and bad begun to forsake the tradi- 
tions of their fathers, and believe in the Lord. 

This persecution of the Lamanites from those wdio had 
acquired rule over them, stirred them up to anger, and they 
began to destroy these descendants of the priests of Noah. 
Those that escaped fled still farther east into the wilderness, 
where the Lamanites continued to hunt and destroy them. 

Thus, the prophecy of Abinadi, who was the first to suffer 
death by fire for his religion, was fulfilled. He predicted that 
the seed of the priests of Noah should cause many to be put 
to death because they believed in the Lord, and that they, in 
turn, should be scattered, hunted and put to death. (See 
Mosiah, chapter 17.) 

When the Lamanites saw that they could not eonqiier the 
Nephites, they returned to their own country, and many of 
them joined the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi, followed their 
example in burying their weapons of war, and became a 
righteous people. In his narrative, Amnion describes many 
of the Lamanites as idolaters, though they generally believed in a 
Great Spirit who knew and controlled all things. 

The king of the Lamanites is spoken of as having horses 
and chariots. This is the first time mention is made in the 
Book of Mormon of vehicles drawn by these animals. The 
Lamanites also had some kind of timepieces, and divided the 
days into hours. 

Ammon aud his brethren took with them a copy of the holy 
scriptures and a history of the Nephites, in order to teach the 
Lamanites concerning their fathers. 

The Amalekites were very angry on account of their losses 
in the w;irs with the Nephites. Desiring revenge, they stirred 
up their people to war against the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi, 
who again refused to defend themselves, and some were slain. 
The hearts of Amnion and his brethren were moved with com- 
passion for these humble people, and Ammon said to the 
king. "Let us gather them up aud go to the land of Zara- 
hemla." The king was doubt ful whether they would be received 
by the Nephites, on account of the injuries they had done 
them, and proffered to serve them as slaves until they had 
atoned for tin- many sins they hid committed against them. 
Hut Amnion informed the king that his father, Mosiah, bad 
passed a law that there should be no slaves among his people. 
The king requested Ammon to inquire of tin- Lord concerning 
the matter. 1 le did so, and the Lord commanded him to do 
as he had proposed to the king, [n obedience to these instruc- 
tions, the p> ople gathered up their flocks ami herds mid 
travel I into the wilderness which divides the land of Nephi 
from Zarahemla. They remained there while Amnion and 

his brethren went up to Zarahemla to ascertain how they 
would be received, dn their way, as before stated, they were 
met by Alma, between the land of Gideon and .Manti. Alma 
took them to his own house in Zarahemla, and they reported 
to the chief judge all thai had happened to the Lamanites 
in the land of Nephi. He senl a proclamation through! e 



land, desiring the voice of th 
people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi. 



opl, 

lev 



• on- , i nn.- ivrru mg the 
decided to give them the 





58 



J"T7^7'EIsriILiE! IITSTBUCTOE/, 




land of Jershon, which was on the cast sea, south of the land 
Bountiful. There they proposed to defend them with their 
armies, from the Lanianites, on condition that they would 
Live a portion of their substance for the support of the armies. 
Amnion, accompanied by Alma, returned to the people of 
Anti-Nephi-Lehi, in the wilderness, and reported to them the 
successful result of their ji urney to Zarahemla. 



38 i* graph 11 . 



0"OSSFSI SMITH, THIS 
PROPHET. 




( 'milium;]. ) 

ABOUT this timi roseph wrote also to those of the Twelve 
Apostles who were absent on missions, to come home 
immediately, as he was anxious to have them with him; for 
he felt that trouble was thickening around him, and no doubt 
lie desired to have his friends— the men he could rely upon — 
near to him in the hour of difficulty. He was anxious to get 
Ilyruui. his brother, out of the way. Said he: "I wish I 
could get Hyruni out of the way, so that he may live to 
avenge my blood; and 1 will stay with you and see it out." 

But Hyrum could not b 1 [f Joseph suffered and 

die 1. he was determined to rand die with him. Said he 

to the prophet: "Joseph, 1 , ou." 

Joseph saw, from a 1< - I >r's, and by the 

spirit that was manifested, that there was no feeling of mercy 
towards the Saints, or disposition to treat them with any 
1 airness. lie v. is ■ nvinced that if he and his 

brother Hyrum could g t out of the way, and the Saints 
would I"' still ami go quit t': about their business, trouble 
would 1"' avoided. In spea ii upon this point, he said: 
"There is no doubt they will co and search for us. 

Let them search, they will not ! in | erson or property, 

in>t even a hai ids." He remarked to brother 

Stephen Ma hat, ii' hi- and Hyrum were ever taken 

they would be tnassacn 1. or he was not ■> prophet of 

God. He added: "1 want Hyrum to live to avenge my bl !. 

hut he is determined no! to \en\ e me." 

Under tin- circu 1 1 which then surrounded him. it was 

natural that Joseph's mind sh mid I to reflect on the 

best means of tints and himself from the 

11 which tin ned. The Lord at this 

time revealed to him that he should Bee to the Rocky 

Mountains. He made up his mind to do s I on the 

evening of the 22nd of J unc 1"- took lea ■ e of his. family, with 
the intention of 1 I >pi rh er, 1 here to make 

his preparations for the journey. His companions were his 
brother Hyrum. and Dr. Willard Richards. While waiting on 
the river hank for tli^ skiff, he sent for Judge W. W. Phelps, 
ami gave him instructions to take their families to Cincinnati, 
and when he arrived there to commence petitioning tin' 
President of the United States and Congress, I'm- redress of 
grievances, and thus Irani whether they would grant the 
Church ud equal rights. In case anything should go 

old him where 1 tuld he found on the other 

side of the river. They crossed the river in a leaky I. 
Brother 0. I'. Rockwell rowing, and Joseph, Hyrum and the 
doctor baling nut tin- water with their boots ami shoes, to 
keep it from sinking. Upon their arrival, Brother Rockwell 



was sent back to Nauvoo to get horses for Joseph and Hyrum, 
which he was to pass over the river secretly the next night, so 
that they might he ready to start for this country. 

On the morning of the 23rd, a company of men arrived at 
Nauvoo from Carthage, to arrest Joseph; hut they did not 
remain long. They tried to find him and could not, then they 
started back. They left one man behind them, however, who 
told one of the brethren what Governor Ford would do, if 
Joseph and Hyrum were not given up to him; he would send 
his troops and guard the city until they were found, if it took 
three years to do it. It is very likely that the governor had 
said this; it is just such a remark as might he expected from 
him. But if Joseph # and Hyrum had started for these 
mountains, he and his troops would have soon got tired of 
[ guarding the city, ami gone about their business. The fear, 
however, that the governor would do something of the kind, 
or that trouble would come upon the people and the city, had 
its effect upon some few individuals. They were alarmed at 
Joseph and Hyrum going away. Joseph's wife also had 
written to him. and sent a messenger to intreat him to return 
to Nauvoo, and to give himself up. These people either did 
not know how - full of the spirit of murder the mob was, or 
they did not care whether Joseph was killed or not, so they 
escaped. The governor had pledged his faith and the faith 
of the State to protect him while he had a fair trial, and this 
they thought ought to be sufficient for Joseph to rely upon. 
How little they knew about the governor and his pledges, 
subsequent events prove 1. 

The messenger found Joseph, Hyrum and Willard in a room 
by themselves, with the provisions which they needed for the 
journey ready for packing. Joseph was urged by him and 
others who came over from Nauvoo, to return and give himself 
up. He was told that it was cowardice in him to wish to leave 
the people — it would he like the shepherd running from the 
Hock, and leaving the sheep to he devoured by wolves. "What 
language to use to a man as spirited as Joseph, who had never 
flinched in the hour of danger; hut had always been ready to 
hare his breast to the storm, and show his willingness to die 
e the people from difficulty! The reply which he made 
conveys an idea of the effect these remarks had upon hitn, and 
how deeply he was wounded by them, "If my life is of no 
value to in,\ friends," .-aid he. "it is of none to myself." He 
only lived for the kingdom of God and hi.- friends. If those 
who ought to he his friends, and who ought to have aninterest 

in his esi I ii rom the hands of his enemies, were desirous 
to have him go where certain death awaited him, he was ready 
to take that step. 

When il was derided lo go back, he remarked: "we shall he 

butchered." There seems to have been no doubt upon his 
mind respecting the result of giving himself up. He was 
quite clear upon this point. On the other hand, he knew that 
if iie and Hyrum could get away, the storm would blow over, 

and the Saints would not he injured; but he would lmi go, 

even to save his life, against the wishes of his friends. This 

appears to have been the turning point in his and his brother 

llyruin's fate. They vvi e now free, and the door of escape 
was open: but once in the hands of Governor Ford, or of 
the mob, for they were one and the same, there was no longer 

hope; they were doomed victims. 

t To be < 'ontinued.) 



It i> a great deal easier to grumble because the Lord did 
ve you more, than to be grateful forwhat He did give you 





J" TJ TEN- 1 LIE IITSTBTJOTOR. 



59 




THE LAWS OF THE NEPHITES. 



BY 0. R. 



( Concluded. } 



w 



E 




THE NEPHITES DIVIDED INTO TRIBES. 

can well understand that the originating or primal 
cause of the destruction of the Nephite republic, was the 
corruption of the people, especially of those whose duty it 
was to administer the law. This class being greedy for power, 
formed a secret combination (as those of old time) to establish 
a kingdom; and as a meaus to this end, they had the chief 
judge assassinated, while they selected a man named Jacob, 
for their king. These royalists, or kingmen, were not as 
successful in obtaining the sympathy of the majority of the 
people as they anticipated; they therefore decided to remove 
in mass to "the northernmost part of the land," and there 
establish the monarchy. This design they successfully carried 
out. Those who remained at home favored the division of the 
people into tribes, and there being none strong enough to 
effectually oppose this suicidal policy, the republic became a 
thing of the past. 

The organization of these tribes, was evidently on the 
patriarchal principle; the head, or most influential member of 
a family, gathering his kinsmen around him. The historian 
states: "And the people were divided one against another; 
and they did separate one from another, into tribes, every man 
according to his family, and his kindred, and friends" 
(p. 492). 

Each of these tribes chose a chief, leader, or ruler, as it is 
written: "And every tribe did appoint a chief, or a leader over 
them; and thus they became tribes and leaders of tribes. 
Now behold, there was no man among them, save he had 
much family, and many kindreds and friends." 

The laws of the various tribes were not uniform, but there 
was a general understanding by which they prevented the out- 
break of actual war. It is stated that in the thirty-first year 
(after Christ), "they had come to an agreement that they 
would not go to Avar one with another; but they were not 
united as to their laws, and their manner of government, for 
they were established according to the minds of those who 
were their chiefs and their leaders. But they did establish 
very strict laws that one tribe should not trespass against 
another, insomuch that in some degree they had peace in the 
land" (p. 493). 

THE TWO HUNDRED YEARS OF PERFECT PEACE. 

The destruction of the wicked, the visits of the crucified 
Redeemer, the ministry of His disciples, the universal accep- 
tation of the fullness .if the gospel by the people throughout 
the length and breadth of the land, bring us to a time when 
there was no need of civil law, for all men lived above the law, 
being controlled and guided at all times by the higher law of 
heaven. There was no need of courts of law, for there were 
no disputations nor contentions. No judgesor magistrates were 
required, for there were no offenders nor offenses. There 
Were no envyings, nor strifes, nor tumults, nor whoredoms, nor 
lying*, nor thefts, nor violence, nor murders. For the love of 
(,ou dwelt iii the hearts of (he people; (hey all dealt justly one 
with another: temptation was removed; they had all things 

in common; thej wer .(he children of Christ, and heirs 

to the kingdom of Grod (p. 536, 544. 545). It ha- been said: 
"Happy are ih" people who have no history;" and thrice 
the Nephites of this era, whose history was one 



lappy.were 



of continued peace and joy. Well may it be written of them, 
"there could not be a happier people among all the people 
who had been created by the hand of God" (p. 545). We can 
scarcely conceive of such a people on this fallen world of ours; 
an entire continent on which dwelt perfect peace; a people 
among whom there were no rich, nor poor — all were alike; a 
race in whose hearts dwelt the sweet influence of the spirit of 
God, the wisdom of which illumined every mind. How they 
must have increased, how they must have prospered, how they 
covered the land with millions of human souls, how the arts 
and sciences must have'been developed, and how greatly must 
true and heavenly knowledge have been spread abroad! The law 
of Moses was no longer observed, but the holy priesthood, after 
the order of the Son of God, ministered in might in their 
midst: ami the faith of the people made angels their frequent 
visitors; and the purity of each life caused the Holy Spirit to 
be the constant, companion of every soul. This happy, 
glorious state of holiness, continued a full two hundred years, 
and then commenced the fall of the nation; rapid indeed was 
its descent, and great was its fall. 

DECLINE AND FALL OF THE NEPHITE NATION. 

The first signs of the decrease in the righteousness of the 
people, recorded b the Book of Mormon (p. 54(3), are: 'That 
some became lifted rtp in pride; these took to wearing costly 
apparel, jewels, and the fine things of the world. The people 
ceased to have their goods and their substance in common. 
They began to be divided into classes; rich and poor appeared. 
They commenced to deny portions of the gospel, and to build 
up churches to suit their peculiar ideas; others began to deny 
the true church of Christ. They administered that which was 
sacred (temple ordinances), to the unworthy; and before long 
they devised all manner of wickedness, and commenced to 
persecute the servants of God, even to death, when permitted 
to do so by the powers that rule in the heavens. 

Thus matters went on, growing worse every year, until the 
people were again divided into two nations, Nephites and 
Lamanites (p. 547), with their old traditions and ways; which, 
as was natural, ultimately culminated in war, and such a war ! 
For savageness, brutality, and utter devilishness, we doubt if 
it were ever equalled in this suffering world. But it is not 
our province, in this article, to enter into historical details. 
The law is our subject, and of that we can. say little. If it 
were possible to conceive of such a contradiction, we should 
say that the law of anarchy reigned supreme. Might made 
right, and the more numerous Lan antes ultimately overcome 
ami annihilated their Nephite brethren. We can well conceive 
of the nature of the laws during the fierce struggle that 
preceded this dire calamity from the light afforded by this 
nation's previous history; they were no doubt framed, enacted 
and administered for the benefit of the rich and the swong, 
and to the injury of those in whose bosoms burned one linger- 
ing spark of righteousness. The history of the Nephites 

from beginning to end, fully justifies the saying of the wise 
man, "Righteousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to 
any people." 



Never sit down and brood over trouble of any kind. If 

you are vexed with yourseli or (he world, (his is no way to 

obtain satisfaction. Find yourself employment (hat will 

keep your mind active, and depend upon it, (his will Ion e out 

unwelcome thoughts. I( is the person oi chosen or enforced 

idleness, mil (he busy, industrious person, who is overcome 
by despair. 





GO 



J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE II^STRTJCTOIEL. 




A SABBATH S O X O . 



WOEDS BY II. W. NaISBITT. 

Cheerfully. 



Mi'sic by J. Tones. 



Treble 

s 
Alto. 



Bass. 



Organ. 



•> 



±&=±*= 



5ctt 






>*— f— »>— r - Y^*-»9— *— ~- 



H 



Throughout these moun - tains, Father, we In groups this day appear. In groups this day ap - 



— nO 1 ^ w » 






-■■> >- — »~ 






:p=*=p£ 



-*►—»*- 



3 — H — ^:gid 



Throughoutthese wo un- tains, Fa - tlior, uc In groups this day appear. 



In groups this day ap- 

l L 




W=^ 



p (— ---»-* — -FEES 




K .2 



\ 




pear; 



And all 



our Sab 



bath schools 



gree, 



mgfr±gg*g 



And all our Sabbath schools agree, And 



J_=j q-_^ ,+- 



-*-*---<*- 



zz=m~W^W=W- 



Z£H*Z 



~^=W- 



=P$*= 



pear; 



And all our Sab 



-»►-(*- 



bath schools a - gree. And all our Sabbath schools agree, And 



§S 






^m 



vet 



*»^«if=«^ 



:«?i 



ess: 



8sg^l8 — 



-»»-- 



iirazBt: 



=T=S= 



atpS: 



«-• tr*- 



3=3= 



o—os ' 9- 



^3Lf riS S -. ^-ggyg=gS: 




*i!gg 



-=i— 



^ 



all our Sabbath schools agree, To pray and praise and hear.To pray and praise and hear. 



z^fZ^^gc 



> — ^ 



^E^ 



*—-+- 



1S03± 



*=&. 



mi 



-r^~ 



all our Sabbath schools aerec, To pray and praise and hear, To pray and praise and hear. 



="*ifi 






«Es~ 



S^S&IH^SHSi 




— =355= 



^ w- »' 9' er » 








Their songs are sweet to all our ear;, 


God is her light, her teachers He 




They pleasant are to Thee; 


Inspires with words of truth; 




spirit oft through them imparts 


- ir reward is when they see 




Glad thoughts, from harmonyl 


The progress of her youth. 




children are Thy sp< 


G I bless our schools, for everbless, 




Where'er on earth they dwell; 


O'er them Thy spirit throw; 




ings here they share. 


Oh may our lives lor e'er express 




i'ur Zion muSy excel I 


The gratitude we owe! 



Tn i: answer to I in Bnignia in X o. !J is as fol low 

.I-esus .... Phil. ii. in 

K-li-ha ... "J Kings ii 2 

Z-ncharias . . Luke i. 2 ». 63, 64. 

K-li.jnli . . . - K in it s ii. 11. 

B-oanerges . . Mark iii. IT. 

K-li . ... 1 Samuel iv. 16, 17. 

L-amentations . of Jeremiah. 
We haw) received cnrrectsolutions from Jno. WaUon, Isabella 
2A "Walton, Mill Creek; I! -lie Garrard, Hirriet Woods, Salt Lake 



J-LTAriU3SriI..£3 iisrsTauoTOE- 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIUST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



'.Him. Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IH ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 



Sfe 




