aouNEaa to tbbi,obo. 



F0T01 




S 




VOL XI 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY l.i, 1876 



NO. 14. 



.A. TT^TF TO OTJK> J^ITTII^OIDES. 



C H A P T K 11 X I ^' . 




f IJiTH regard to the fiiniate of New Zealand. Well, 
I I changes of temperature and weather are so sudden 
often it is diffi- 
cult to deter- 
mine what it 
is going to be 
ten minutes 
ah al. Heat 
and cold, calms 
and gales, rain 
and sunshine 
often alternate 
so frequently 
and suddenly 
as to drive 
"Old Proba- 
bilities," if he 
were there, 
crazy. There 
cannot be pro- 
perly called 
either a wet or 
dry season 
throughout 
the year. I 
have often 
started out for 
a ramble or 
picnic, certain, 
by the appear- 
ance of the 
clear blue sky 
ovcrhcail, that 
there would 
not be a sign 
of rain for 
hours to come; 
but have not 
been out, pcr- 
h a ]) s , m o r e 
than thirty 
minutes, when 
a FUjuall has 
blown in from 



the I the .sea, and before we could get to shelter have been drenched 
that I through to the bkin. But for all this, the climate isremarkably 

healthy, and 
but very little 
sickness is 
known. 

When trav- 
eling through 
the i.slands, 
I have, slept 
out in the open 
air with noth- 
ing but my 
blankets for a 
covering, and 
have often 
been wet 
throujh all 
day, never 
changing my 
cliJthiig till 
retiring for 
the n'ght, yet 
have I never 
knowu what it 
was to suffer 
witli rheuma- 
tism or chills; 
in fact, strange 
asit may seem, 
the climate, in 
>pitc of the 
~ud Ion diang- 
cs, is about 
the healthiest 
in the world. 
'J'lie secret of 
this is the 
cba'iiri's a re 
ciiiiliiK'iI with- 
in very narrow 
limils, the ox- 
Irenii'S iif dai 
lyteiuperatiiro 




N !■: W /. !■: V I, V N I ) \V A 11 I > A .N (•!•:. 





159 



Cr TJ "V E ISr I L E HN-STI^TJOTOI^. 





only varying throushout the year by an average of twenty 
degrees. Taking the whole country, the mean temperatui-e is, 
in .spring 5.5°. in summer iVi", in autumn 57° and in winter 48°. 
Snow is almost unknown, excepting in (he uplands and fiir 
south, liain, as we have belbre stated, conies often and at 
uncertain times, but seldom coutinues longer than two days at 
any one time. The rain fall for the year 1871 — .ind which 
may be taken as a fair criterion — was fifty-four and one half 
inches. 

No wonder, then, with ,'uch a climate and rain fall, that 
vegetation of all kinds grows most lu.xuriantly and is ever 
bright and fre.sh looking. New Zealand might very properly 
be called the "Emerald Isles" and the paradise of grazing 
animals. 

The mineral resources of the country are rich and varied. 
The first important discovery of gold was made about the 
year 1851, in the southern part of the Jliddle Island, although 
it had been discovered in the north prior to that time. This 
jirecious metal is found here in various ways: in the beds of 
rivers; in thick deposits of gravel; on the coast where the 
continual washing of the waves produces a sifting action on 
the sands which are brought down the rivers and drifted along 
the shore, containing deposits of fine gold, and by the usual 
deep (juartz mining. The quantity of gold exported up to 
March 31st, 1874, amounted in value to ^I:i0,:i(ii'i,6'.i5, and the 
.supply to-day is as promising as ever. 

During the present year great interest has been felt in the 
discovery of valuable silver mines. 

Iron and coal are abundant; also .slate and a finj variety of 
building stones. Copper, quicksilver, lead, chiome, mangan- 
ese, sulphur and petroleum have been discovered and are 
being eagerly utilized. On the west coast of the North Island, 
in the province of Faranaki, a sand is found on the sea .'■hore 
in unlimit-xli|uantities, called steel sand, from its being greatly 
mixed with particles of very fine iron ore. This steel sand 
has been experimented on by English cutlers who declaie it 
produces the finest and best tempered steel in the world for 
cutlery purposes. 

New Zealand, like Australia, California and Utah is a young 
country, and of course rcipiires time to develop and utilize 
her resources; and there is no doubt, if a little of the Ameri- 
can "vim" can be infused into her jieople, that eventually she 
will hold her own against any country in the world. But at 
present it must be owned that the coloui.sts are not fully wide 
awake. 

Prior to the colonization of these islands by Europeans, 
they were ven- destitute of animal life suited to the wants 
of man: only a species of rat, dog (now extinct) and pig, the 
produce of animals left by Captain Cook, of whom we have 
before spoken, and other navigators who succeeded him. 
Those piffs ran wild and increased si in number as to become 
a great nuisance and c;iuse of lo-s to the settlers in after years. 
One of the greatest sports of the colonists is pig hunting, and 
often it is veiy dangerous sport too, for the wild boars are 
nearly as large and ferocious as those of India. They are 
hunted with dogs — a peculiar breed trained for the i ur- 
]iosc — and the hunters use long spears and knives. Some ■ 
idea of the enormous number of these pigs may be formed 
from a statement in a local paper of last year, that on a single 
raiiche, or station, as sheep and cattle farms are called 
in that country, over twenty thousand pigs were killed in 
one season. 

Not so much a head but .so much a /«// is paid by farmers 
nr the extirpation of these pests, which arc a great destruction 
to crops, sheci> and young cattle. The lle.sh of these wild pigs 



is remarkably sweet but rather thin, and, as you may suppose, 
there is no scarcity of pig meat in the farm houses. 

The colonists pride themselves on importing and raising the 
very finest breeds of horses, cattle, sheep, goats etc., which 
thrive and increase wonderfully. As an instance sheep increase 
so rapidly that after shearing, largo numbers are killed siu:ply 
for the sake of their pelts and fat. 

Of the birds of New Zealand, there is a great variety, of 
beautiful plumage, consi.sting of small parrots, pigeons, ducks, 
waterfowl, and a variety of wingless birds, now becoming 
rare. An enormous bird called the "moa" foinierly existed, 
but k now extinct. This bird was by far the largest known, 
being fully fourteen feet in hight. It was formerly hunted by 
the nativesfor food. Skeletons of this wonderlul bird may be 
seen in the museums at New York and Bo.ston. Domestic 
poultry, hares, pheasants, patridges, grouse, quail and a host 
ot smaller birds have been acclimatized and do remarkably 
well. 

The seas and rivers abound with a large variety of valuable 
fish of delicious flavor. Oysters, mtis.scls, crawfish, etc., of 
excellent quality, are abundant. Salmon, trout, perch and 
carp have been introduced with .success. We must not omit 
to mention that the New Zealand .seas furnish eight varieties 
of whales — a large trade being done in the whale fisheries — • 
and dolphins, seals and sharks are caught along the coast. 
Sharks are largely used for food by the JIaoris. 

Saint Patrick must have visited New Zealand, as well as 
Ireland, and given "the snakes and toads a twi.st." for not a 
venomous reptile is known to be in the country. 






^Te.\rly twenty years ago, an English gcntknian brought 
from the Phillipine Islands an elegant curiosity, and 
sold it for one hundred and fifty dollars Afterward it passed 
into the possession of the British Jluseum. It was about a 
foot in length, and two inches wide at the top, and made of 
exquisitely tine sjmn glass of sparkling whiteness. Nothing 
just like it had yet been .seen by scientific men, and many 
conjectures arose regarding it. Since then the mystery has 
been solved. Its history has Iccn studied out and many other 
beautiful specimens have found their way to tliis country. 

Imagine the delicate frost-lines that you often see on the 
window-pane after a bitterly cold night, woven into a like 
form, and you can perhaps catch a faint idea (f its loveliness. 
There are bunches of fine threads that extend the whole 
length of it; these are crossed at regular intervals by similar 
threads, and the whole is covered by an irregular weaving 
that fills the corners of each Kpiare and gives us a pattern 
very much resembling that shown in a cane-seated chair. 
From its beautifully curved shajie rise numberless deiicately- 
fluie 1 frills arranged in sweeping lines, long and short, as if to 
suit the fancy of the weaver This whole net-work is sur- 
mounted by an oiicn work cover more tolidly woven. 

At the base, the threads of spun glass are left free like root- 
lets, or as if at some time they had held it in place: and mixed 
with this ma.ss, which is as soft and silky as white fioss, are 
sand, mud and bits o. broken shells. 

Now, are you ready to believe that this mysterious beauty 
comes from the bottom of the ocean, where it stands upright 
in the mud? It is known as a glass sponge; the learned call it 
Euplectdla s2)eciosa^ meaning "beautifully woven," while the 
common name is "^'cnus' Flower-Basket. ' 







J" TJ "^ E IN" I H. E IITSTI^TJCTOK/ 



1159 




It would seem strange that a form so frail could be safe from 
harm in the restless ocean, were it not known that the sea in 
its depths is per'e nly ((uiet, and always of the same warm, 
even teuijierature. 

There is a wonderful world under the waves; a land with its 
mountains, valleys and plains, covered with lovely forests of 
tinted sea weeds. This is the home of innumerable varieties 
of life. Here the rare and beautiful forms of coral are silently 
builded, and sponjtes display their brilliant tints that are lost 
the moment they leave the water. 

Much interest has been taken of late years in the wonders 
of the deep sea; and perhaps you will like to know how the.se 
curiosities are brought to light. 

The Swedes, English and Americans have sent out ships at 
different times furni.shed with machinery to explore the sea- \ 
bottom. This machinery cons sts partly of dredges, tangles, ' 
trawls, nets and sieves. 

The dredge is a large canvas bag, the opening .f which is 
furni.shed with an iron scraper that takes up every particle 
that comes in its way. This is lowered from the ship by 
means of a steam-engine. One sent down fi fim the English shiji 
■'Porcupine" went to the dejith of eight miles, auda ter seven 
hours and a-half returned with l.^iU pounds of mud. 

All such attempts are not equally successful; but we may be 
sure that the great canvas bag always conies u|i with some 
wonderful passengers in iis hold. The mud it biings is care- 
fully washed and passed through sieves; then comes the 
anxious naturlist with hi< little bone forceps to pick up the 
unfortunate victims, which are at once immer.sed in alcohol for 
preservation. 

The tangle is a simple snare, and is made of large tassels of 
loose hemp. This is a valuable means of catching the more 
delicate s| eclmens that luight easily be cru.shed by heavy 
machinery. 

Before the EaplccttUa was known, a very singular glass 
sponge had been found, con.sisting of coarse glass threads 
bound together at one end by sea-weed. It was for years 
suppo-ed to be the product of Japanese irigenuity. Many 
wonderful glass sponges have since been found, but none-^'qual 
in beauty the Etiplectellu, specimens of which may now be 
liurchased in almost any shop of natural curiosities. It is re- 
markable that every Evplectella sild contains a little brown crab. 
As this same crab has the reputation of ainiropriating the homes 
of its neighbors, its presence here may be thus explained. 
All naturali-sts agree that it has nothing whatever to do with 
the construction of its stolen abode. 31 >ny conclude that it is 
a custom to in.sert the little crab after the object is taken from 
the water, to give it more interest. 

But I mu.st not leave you to think our dass sponge appears 
when first found as you see it after it is brought to this country. 
It is washel in a solution of chloride of lime and bleached in 
the light before it is brought to our part of the world. At 
first it is completely covered with a greyish substance, very 
much resembling the white of an egg. This is really ".sponge 
flesh," and is made up of myriads of tiny animnlatlae, 
or creatures .so small that they cannot be seen by the nake<l 
eye. So clo.>ely are they connected, and in such unison do 
they work, that they are really one individual in many. They 
are considered the lowest type of animal life, as they arc with- 
out eyes, mouth or stomach. Yet they absorb from the water 
the silex or glass that makes their framework. It is no more 
trouble for them to build their elegant mansinTi than it is for 
us to make the bones of our bodies. 

You might imagine that they spin the threads of glass as 
e spider does its web; but no, the pattern and thread are 



made as they go upward. While men have been puzzling for 
years over the secret of flexible glass-making, and have only 
just discovered it, these little creatures have been spinning 
glass at the bottom of the i^ea for centuries, guided by the 
un.seen Power to choose their material and cnrry out their 
fairy-like design with unerring exactness. — Si. Nkliolas. 




t 



rjio gr a 



It 



\\ P. 






THE 



[Confiimeil .) 

rPHERE were several persons present at the organization of 
3. the Church who became convinced of the truth of the 
work which was being established, and who went forward and 
were baptized. 

On the, 11th of April. ]s:;(i, Oliver Cowdery preached the 
first public discourse, that was ilelivered by any member of 
the Church, at the house of Mr. AVhituier, Fayette. After 
that Brother Joseph and the other Elders preached at various 
jilaees, and were successful in bringing many to the knowledge 
of the truth, who were baptized. Thus the Church began to 
grow and increase in numbers and strength, many witnesses 
being raised up by the power and Spirit of (xod, who received 
knowledge for themselves as Joseph had. 

Joseph himself continued to increase in fiiith and power. 
Many revelations were given to him by the Lord on doctrine 
and principle, and respecting the organization of the Church 
and the manner of doing business; and he became very wise 
in the things of (lod, so wise that no man, however learned, 
had power to confound him. The sick were healed and the 
devil cast out of many persons by the power of the Holy 
Priesthood. But these manifestations of the power of God 
had the effect to arouse the devil and wicked men to hate and 
persecute Joseiih and the Saints. And there was a feature 
connected with these persecutions to which we wi.*h to call the 
attention of our little readers. The men who were the most 
violent in their conduct and who never ceased to stir up strife 
and hatred among the people against Joseph, were men who 
belonied to the so-called Christian churches, and professed to 
be very pious, and many of them to be preac-liers! 

In the fall of |s:!0 a warrant was sworn against him by those 
religious characters, and he was arrested on the charge of 
being a disorderly per.son, of sotting the country in an uproar 
by preaching the 15ook of .Mormon, etc. And the charges 
were marie tieeau.se he and the other Elders preached the 
gosjiel and baptized the peoiile. This was the first of a great 
number of arrests and trials to which Joseph was subjected 
by the wicked who sought to entrap him and destroy his 
influence. The mo.st frivolous testimony was given again.st 
hiin at the trial. As an illustration of the spirit many of 
those pcoiilc manifested towards him, we need only record 
his treatment (ui the occasion of his second arrest. The 
constable had taken him to a tavern and gathered in a number 
of men to look at and deride him. They abused, ridieiiled 
and insulted him, and spit upon him, and pointed their flngers 
at him, saying, "prophesy, p.o|)hesy." 

(Miildren, by turning to the new Test'iment, Mathew, 2('i 
chip., US verse, ycui will see that the wicked Jews did the 
same to Jesus when they had liiiii a prisoner lu'lore ll 





160 



J- TJ ^ E ISr 1 1-. E IITSTI^UOTOI^ 




crucified him. Joseph was innocent of any wrong; he was 
only doing what the Lord had commanded him. But if they 
would persecute and kill our Lord and Savior Jesus, the 
Master of the household, they would be sure to persecute 
Joseph, who was one of the household. 

The accusers of Joseph could not sustain their charge 
against him and he was discharged by the courts before whom 
he was tried — the Spirit of the Lord resting down powerfully 
upon the men who came forward to defend him before the 
courts, and enabling them to confound his enemies and their 
lawyers. 

Joseph had con.'-iderable trouble in those days with the 
brethren, because of their lack of understanding and hardness 
of heart. He had to be on the alert all the time to guard the 
flock against the evil influences that were around them. 
Hiram Page had obtained a stone, through which he had 
obtained revelations concerning the upbuilding of Zion and 
the order of the Church, etc , which was ojiposcd to the tiue 
order as levealed by the Lord. The Whitmer family and 
Oliver Cowdery. as well as some others, believed in Page's 
revelations; but Joseph after receiving the word of the Lord 
on the subject, succeeded in conviucin:' them of their error, 
and they renounced the stone. 

About the time of tlie coufcrence in the fall of 1830, many 
of the Elders manifesied a great de.sire to int|uire o' the Lord 
respecting the remnanis of Israel — the Lamanites, or, as they 
are commonly called. Indians. They hoped that tlie time had 
come when the promises of the Almighly in regard to that 
people shoidd be accompli.-hed, and that they would receive 
the gospel and enjoy its blessings. The Lonl cal'ed Oliver 
Cowdery, Peter Whitmer, jun.. Parley P. Prait and Ziba 
Peterson to co on a mis.siou to the Lamanites. These Eldcs 
traveled and preached by the way from New York to Missouri, 
and were the first members of our Church who had the piiv- 
ilege of standing upon the laud which was afleiwards desig- 
nated by the Lord ana consecrated as the Centre Stake of 
Zion — where the great Temple and City are to be built. The 
]ilace was then, and is still known by the name of Indepen- 
dence, Jackson County. 

{To he Continued .) 



XjEITTEK^S to OXJK C13IIL,- 



FROM A IIISSIOX.VHV IN N, V. 




Si.N'CE the war ■' weather ha-i set in we have had two or 
three very heavy storni-j. The lightning was very vivid, 
the thunder was vi-ry l.>u ', like discharges of artillery, and the 
rain fairly poured d.iwn. . 

We remember in our school days on the occasion of an 
unusually heavy storm our school teacher standing in the 
midst of us boys before a large bay window that looked out 
into the country. He instructed us that when there was a 
flash of lightning imuiediately followed by a loud clap of thun- 
der the storm was very near, but when some little time elapsed 
between the flash an<l the thunder it was some distance off. 
We thought of this a .short time ago, since we have been in 
the "sunny South." One evening, after a hot, sultry day, 
heavy mass,.s of dark, angry-looking clouds gathoied together, 
and occasionally a di-tant fla>h of lightning and a rumbling of 
thunder occurred. We were seated at supper at the hou e of 
a friend near to Blount Airy. The door of the room .stood 
open; it was situate 1 a short distance from the dwelling he use, 



as is frequently the case here, the eating room being away 
from the house. Happening to look through the open door 
in the direction of the house, we saw a flash which looked like 
"forked lightning," which seemed to strike the ground a short 
distance from the hou.se; and immediately there followed oh ! 
such a clap of thunder! We were reminded of the school 
teacher's instructions, and thought it was getting too near to 
be pleasant. We were informed, however, that it was nothing 
compared with the storms they have in the .summer. Some- 
times the lightning strikes the trees in the woods and leaves a 
mark of its power. We had an evidence of this in one of our 
walks through a wood called "Chestnut Ridges," (from the 
ridges being covered with fine chestnut trees. ) We saw a fine, 
lofty tree that had towered up and spread its fine branches in 
the pride of its .strengih and beauty, and then been struck and 
killed with lightning. Tiiere was a black mark from near the 
top to the bottom of the trie, showing the course the light- 
ning had taken, and the bark was loosened and splintered 
from the tree all aniuiid. leaving it staudiD,g a monument of 
the power of electricity. 

When it rains here it rains in earnest, pouring down very 
heavily, causing the rivers and creeks to rise some six to ten 
feet, overflowing the lands and doing much damage. A lady 
who h id the misfortune to be out in one of these storms a 
short time since, in an open vehicle, when returning from 
meeting on the Sabbath, had covered herself up in a comforter, 
or cotton-quilted "bed sjiread, ' when the rain came down; 
and she said "it seemed no more use than a pocket handker- 
chief." Tliis will give you some idea of how it rains here at 
times. 

This is a beautiful country, and very interet-ting to a stranger. 
We are apt to take more notice of the beauties and wonders 
of creation when we are abroad than wlien at home. This 
country, like all tl e couiiiries that are favored with the beau- 
ties put foilh by the heat, has also some things that are not 
quite so pleasant, as before stated, (he venemous snakes and 
scorpions, the annoying black gnats and other pests. 

Nnw. my yi ung friends, let me ask you a question. Do you 
not think it is very ]ile.isant to receive a letter from an absent 
friend, some deai- Itmiher who h.is been called on a mission, or 
some relative — a fa'her, fir instance, or some companion? 
Well, if yiiu do, do you not think they are as pleased to hear 
from you? We a>k tliis beciKse we have known those who 
have been thou ands of miles away from home, advocating the 
d ictrine of Christ, whi'li is everywhere spoken against by 
tho.se who know not (i.)d and scorn those who advocate it, who 
have hal to coiuolaiu of not getting letters from home. To 
be out in th.; c )hl wirld un ler the.-!e circumstances, among 
strangers, advocating a ducrrinc that is everywhere spoken 
against, makes cor.-espondence from home very precious. To 
know what is be n . d n at home, of .your success at school, 
the health and well doing of your friends and companions, your 
hopes, your joys, excursions, picnics or Sabbath school reunions, 
all, all is dear to the absent one. To know that your prayers 
ascend for him in his absence, that he may be encouraged, 
ble.ssed and made to feel the w-irm love there is at home for 
him is worth more than words can ex]ire.ss. And j'ou who 
have friends on mi.ssions, do not forget them. You have no 
idea how much your lettei swill be prized, or with what joy 
they will be received, or what disap])ointment they feel when 
they visit the post office without getting the expected letters. 
I)o not forget them. Boys, you will underst.ind this more 
thoroughly liy and by, when you are preacliing the gospel in 
foreign lands. Bun. (lEORiiE. 




'■^i^* 




J"tj"V"e:ltile ii^sti^tjotoi?. 




161 



THIS 



STOI?."Y" OIF 
1= I O IT E I£! I^- . 



THE! 



BY HUGH KNOUGH. 




Child: What is the cause, papa, please tell, 

Of this grand Jubilee - 
And of the Pioneers sis well? 

What can tl e meaning be'' 
For old folks too, as well as we, 

So happy are to-da3' — 
What is't that makes them all agree 

To be so bright and gay? 

F.iTiiER; Come sit ye down, my little one, 
And listen to my story 
Of how a mighty worK was done, 
Dear bought, but full of glory: 

Twas many years ago, my h )y. w'len T w\-; ymnn;. like you; 
Our people (that s the Saints, you know) werebravr-, and .-launch, 

and true: 
They served their God in faith and love. His mandates they 

obej'ed; 
And tho' the wrld oppves-ed them sore, not ono was e'er 

dismayed; 
But, driven from their homes ^o ofc. each time they'd start anew, 
Until at last, in Illi:iois they built the famed Xiiuvoo — 
A city beautiful indeed! adorned with fruits and floorers! 
And all things went on happily, till S'itnn u=ed his power-. 
And wicked men our Prophet slew, drove out the young and old 
Into the dreary wilderness, so bleak, so bare, so cold! 
Oh! 'twas indeed, a dreadful sight to see our loved ones die. 
While we were powerless to save! But there was One on high 
Who ne'er forgets his children when they pray to Him in need; 
A leader soon He raised for them— and truly he did lead ! 
"What was his name'.'" j-ou ask, my boy. You'.ve heard his 

praises sung; 
Each heart with love now beats for him— his name is Brigham 

Young! 
He was the man whom God raised up. His Saints to guide and 

serve, 
Who faithfully his mission filled, with will and iron nerve. 

"Behold." said he, "the god of day, now sinking into rest; 
'Tis there our future home shall be— the valleys of the West. 
There, in our distant mountain home, from fear and danger free. 
There will we live and serve our God in peace and purity." 

•f ^ * -* -::- vt -::■ 

But e'er they reached that promised land they found they'd much 

til do: 
Ee'iire them was a weary way. each st"p obscured to view: 
A thousand miles of barren plain, where white man ne'er had 

trod; 
But they had faith in Brigham Young, and trusfe 1 in their God. 

Their leader then a gallant few chose from that faithful 1 and. 
To start at once and face the wild«, to seek that promised land — 
(Men that he knew, whose hearts were strong, whose faith dis- 
pelled all fears,) 
And startled forth acmss the plains -those noble Pioneers. 
From day to day they wandere I on across the dreary plain, 
Fo'itsore, atbirst, aweary - their bodies racked with pain. 
Although their spirits never drooped Oh! give to them all praise! 
They overcame all daiieers, and, after many days, 
Their courage was rewanled —a \iew their eyesight hleit; 
]4ight in the wa.y boforo liiem stood the mountains of the Wi'st. 

K if * * « * 

This gave tVesh strength and vigor; upon their way they sped, 
Until at last the iriighly hills loomed grandly overhead. 
Tj), up! they could not then delay; the mountain siiles they 
climbed; 



Their thoughts were of the future, and those they'd left behind. 
They onward pressed, when came a cry, "What is it yonder 

gleams'?" 
When Brigham spoke: "The journey's done!— The vision in my 

dreams! 
This is the valley! There the lake! This is the promised land! 
'Tis here we'll build our future home! 'Tis here we'll make a 

stand!'' 

Such hearts as these must onward press, tliey could not brook 

delay; 
But set to work tn build and plow upon that verv day; 
For Utah was a desert then— the red men's hunting ground; 
No shady trees, no fruits, no food, were in this valley found. 
But on their strength, with Heaven's help, they knew they must 

rely. 
And 'rust in Hiiu who even hears the ravens when they cry. 

Then some returned to bring on those who tarried far away, 
And soim the plains were dotted o'er with thousands on their way 
To thcr new home, which, when they reached, they were not 

idle drones; 
But set to work their food to grow, and build up happy homes. 
From year to year they labored on, and, while their numbers 

grew, 
They oft were tried with grievous plagues, to prove their faith 

anew; 
But they increasf d and prosp?red, that now to-day their worth 
Is recognized and envied by the nations of the .'arth. 

4i « ^ * « * * 

Oh! what must be the feelings of those ni.ible Pioneers, 

A', looking back, they contemplate a score and more of years. 

And see what will and faith have done, and that too, done so well? 

"The desert blossoms ar the rose." as if by magic spell. 

Behold their homes, their farms, their mines of i on, silver, gold, 

And sav, as Sheba s riu. en once said: The half has not been told. 

j; -:;- -::- -;:- # » * 

All honor to those worthy men, the noble Pioneers! 
Enjoying peace and plenty, may they live for many years! 
f:ndeared lo all, both young and old, their praise in history sung! 
Again. God blkss the Pioekks- their leader, Brigham 
Youxii! 



Fhaxklin's Simple Lancuage.— Ti-ulitiou has it, tliat 
when Boiijamin Fraiikliu was a lad, lie begun to study philos- 
ophy, and soon began applyinir toehnical names to couinioii 
objects;. One evening when he mentioned to his father that 
he liad .swallowed some acephalous mollusks, the old man was 
niu-h a'arm.'d. and suddenly sei'/cing him, called loudly for 
help. Mrs. Franklin came with warm water, and the hired 
man rushed in with the garden jminp. They forced half a 
gallon down Keiijamin's thro;it, then held him by the heels 
over the iiorch and shook him. while tlie old nniii said: "If wo 
dmi't get them thiufrs out of 1! •niiy he will he pizened, sure." 
When they were out. ami HeMJ;imin explained that the articles 
eaten w. re oysters, he received ;i wliipiiing for frightening his 
parents. lie then formeil a resolution to ever afterward 
c.nivev his thoughts in the simiilest language i.ossihle. 



H,,!.K —Hope is the most )u-ioeh"s boon to nature given. 
Wore it not for its influ.Miee many wcmld be plunged into the 
gulf of dark desi-air thiit now tread the way of lumor and 
glory, Tiie p:i-t has been but aseeneof bitterdis;ippointments 
and bliirhted hojies to many of us. The present is ("le daily 
witness «{■ tlio wreck of all life's sweetest .joys; but still hojiG 
shines like a .star. Without its inlluence life would he a 
desert deprived of every oasis. 





162 



vJ TJ "V E:]tT IXjE IlSrSTI^TJOTOI^ 




n^ Mnvmih Mndmdnti. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



salt lake city, july 15, 1876. 
eiditok^i^lxj th:oxjc3-ects. 





OAF is a very innoceDt-looking susbtance. 
It is used to rub upon our skins and upon 
our clotbes to clean them, and the common 
opinion is that the more plentifully it is 
used the cleaner we are. In fact, some 
people have thought they could form 
an idea of the progress of a community by 
the quantity of soap it used. If the people 
used it freely, it was an evidence they were 
cleanly; and if they were cleanly, it might be 
supposed they were progressing in civilization. 
But, until lately we imagine no one looked upon 
soap as dangerous, or as likely to produce 
disease, 
n our last number we told you something abo;-it 
impurity of many manufactured articles. We 
e lately seen some statements made about soap, and 
as they are of interest to us as Latter-day Saints, we 
.shall say .something about them in the Juv'enile In.structor. 
We desire that the children of the Latter-day Saints shoidd 
get a correct idea of the labor which they have to perform. 
There is a great amount of glitter and show about Babylon 
which is very delusive. The surface is so fair that many are 
deceived by it. Our young people are liable to be thus misled. 
Honest and unsuspecting, they are apt to think that everything 
and everybody is as fair and true underneath as appears on the 
surface. But this is not .so, children, as you will find out when 
j-ou gain experience. This is an age of suam. 

But to return to soap. iMany of our juveniles have .'■■een 
their mothers make soip. Before the railroad was completed 
it was made in the most of the families in the Territory, and 
in many of them it i'' still made. You who have seen it made, 
know that it reijuires grease or fat to make it. In families 
wliere they make soap, every scrap of fat is carefully saved for 
soap grease. But this is only for one family's use, and a largo 
amount of grease is not necessarj'. When, however, tons of 
soap are manufactured large quantities of grease are required. 
Then the .soap-manufacturer must get his grease wherever he 
can. by wholesale. 

A strange theory has been started lately about this soap-fiit. 
It is said that much of this fat is unhealthy and poisonous. 
If a fat animal dies, no matter what the disease may be that 
kills it. it is sold to be manufactured into soap fat. It is in 
this way that soap-fat is obtained. The carcasses of dead 
animals are boiled together .and from them the fat is gathered. 
Of course it the animal be diseased, the impurity all goes into 
the fat. When such a large (|uantity of fat has to be manu- 
factured, no one cares wheie it cnnies from, so that it is 
obtained. It is gathered up from allsortsof unhealthy places. 
But soap made from this tat is unfit to use. It is now said 
that diptheria and typhoid fever and other diseases have been 
produced bv the use of .soap made out of di.seased fat. The 
rubbing of the soap on the skin, causes the poison to penetrate 
the pores and by that means mix with the blood. It has been 
found that washer-women are subject to diptheria. It is now 



asserted that this is because the poison in the soap which they 
use penetrates the pores and diffuses itself through the system. 
The soap which persons have used who have been attacked 
with diptheria has been examined (analyzed) and it has been 
found to be in an unhealthy condition. Not only is common 
soap found to be unhealthy, but the highly-scented soaps are 
even worse. The high-priced, and highly-perfumed French 
soaps are full of putridity. The pungent scents which are used 
in them only disguise the foulness of the fat from which they 
are made. Some go so far as to assert that the large mortality 
among children in some cities is due, in part at least, to the 
use of poisonous soap. The sensitive and tender skins of the 
little ones more readily absorb the poison from such soap. 

The statement is made that the doctors of Paris and London 
are becoming alarmed and arc urging the people to be careful 
and use only soap of tested purity. It is probable they have 
seized this idea of soap being poisonous as a hobby. When a 
disease like diptheria comes, and the doctors cannot prevent 
or euro it, they think they must find .some cause for it in order 
to satisfy the people. Therefore they talk about impure soap. 
In the absence of any better cause, they think perhaps this 
will do. And while we do not suppose that the prevalence of 
diptheria, or typhoid fever, or diseases of children, is entirely 
due to the use of soap, we have no doubt that poLsonous soap 
must be injurious. When we know of what materials these 
manufactured soaps are made, we naturally feel a repugnance 
at using them. They are neither clean nor healthy, and they 
ought not to be used any more than can possibly be helped. 

Latter-day Saints should make their own soap, and use it. 
What if it does cost a little more than soap made elsewhere 
costs; if it be made pure, it is worth the difference in the price. 
Who would run the ri,sk of using soap made of diseased fat at 
any price? And so with every other article that we use. If 
we make it ourselves, we know, or ought to know, that it is 
not a piece of deception. 



OUR last issue — No. \.i— was the beginning of the second 
half of Volume Eleven. Quite a number of our patrons 
subscribed when the volume commenced for only half a year, 
with the intention of renewing their subscriptions before the 
half year expired; and as some have failed to do so, and arc 
now beginning to write to us to enquire the reason for the 
stoppage of their papers at No. 12, we again remiud them that 
our rule is to stop all sub.-eriptions when the time for which 
they are paid expires; otherwise we would be forced to the 
alternative of keeping book accounts with our subscribers, 
which would be neither pleasant nor profitable. It would be 
well for every subscriber vho wi.'hes to have his file of the 
IN.STRUCTOR Complete, and not be subjected to the annoyance 
of missing some numbers, and not being able to procure them, 
to renew his stibscviptii ii not bit' vdiaii tlie date of publication 
of the last number due iiiin. AVbere per.'-ons fail to renew 
until after the next number i- issued, they must not think we 
intend any oft'ense when they find their papers stopped. 

We have tried so far to give our patrons the value of their 
money: they must be the judges as to to whether we have suc- 
ceeded or not. While we iire pleased with the assurances we re- 
ceive on every band ;i^to the uood that is being accomplished by 
the iNSTRrrxdR. we regret that its circulation is not more ex- 
tended, that greater good might result therefrom. If those of 
our patrons who feel that they are being benefited by the In. 
STRUCTOR would endeavor to extend its benefits to others by in- 
ducing their friends to subscribe, the power of the paper would 
soon be trebled. May we not trust them to do so? 




?JI^'- 



CTTJ^EZ^ILE HSrSTI^/TJOTOI?;. 



163 




SE^LS. 



[7e had on exhibition in this city the "fur seal" and the 
IT "sea lion," creatures which were looked upon with great 
interest, as they are wherever they are shown. The hair seal 
of the Polar regions is allied to but differs from these in many 
important respects. The fur seal never sprawls out and 
flounders about when on land, as we see these seals represented 
in the engraving do, tut carries its body clear and free from 
the ground, with head and neck erect; it can al.?o walk, but it 
must be confessed it does so very awkwardly. Then the fur 
seals are ot great value for their fur. In the newly aP(|uired 
regions of Alaska the number of seals taken nnnually amounts 
tj one hundred thousand young males, not under one year of 
age, for which the natives receive some §40,000, amounting to 
a little over $4,00 each for every man and boy engaged in captur- 
ing, skinning 
and prepar- 
ing the skins. 
Quite a com- 
petence for 
the inhabi- 
tants. 

All the 
Seal family 
are remark- 
able for intel- 
ligence. The 
amphibious 
nature of 
these crea- 
tures enables 
them to be- 
come familiar 
with things 
on the land 
as well as in 
the sea. »Sea 
lions have 
been brought 
across this 
continent re- 
peatedly, and 
betn recon- 
ciled to a 
home consist- 
ing of a large 
box on the 
railroad car. 

In this city they enjoyed life well in a large reservoir of 
City Creek water, the mouth and skin being wa.-hcd with 
sea water once a day. This was brought in small tanks 
daily from the Pacific coast by express. 

Like the walru.s, or sea-horse, as noticed in our columns, the 
Seal is more dangerous to attack in the sea than on land; the 
Es<iuimaux represented in the annexed engraving is engaged 
in the perilous pursuit of capturing a Seal. For ages the 
inhabitants of Arctic regions have been deijendant for food 
and the necessaries of life on the huge animals that exist iu 
such abundance in the northern seas. We must remember 
that in those cold countries food containing large quantities of 
oil is very acceptable, iu fact Leccssary t. keep the lamp of life 
Vjurning. At the time when iniineroiis inhabitants of northern 
Russia visited London, some sixty years ago, the Kugli.sh 



people were astonished to see human beings who could drink 
the oil out of the street lamps with evident relish. For, at 
that time London was lighted by lamps trimmed with oils from 
the great northern fisherios, which were then the chief source 
of supply. 



h* — ^»'- ♦^ 



TEC-B iMIBGH^Isria'S HOl^E. 



A PHYSICIAN'S STORY. 



{^Concluded.) 





" 11 Y name," he said, "is AVilliam Carter. My father died 

ItI when I was young, and I was bound as an apprentice to a 

shoemaker, with the u=ual provision of schooling. I did as 

well as boys 
do generally 
at school; 
and 1 was 
very fond c' 
reading. I 
made the 
most of my 
spare tin e 
and the ad- 
vantages of 
the Appren- 
tices' Libra" 
ry. Prob- 
ably the 
books that 
helped me 
most were 
the sensible 
Z^ writings ot 
i:_ William Cob- 
5 bett. FoUow- 
^ mg his ex- 
.r~ — ample, I de- 
r-r termined to 
give myself a 
useful educa- 
tion, and I 
have to some 
extent suc- 
ceeded. But 
a man's edu- 
cati^n is a 

'ife-long iirocess, and the more I learn, the more I see 
before me. 

"I was hardly on' of my lime when I fell in love with my 
M.iry there, whcnn soiiie peniile think very pretty, but wIkmii 1 
kiiiiw to be very good." 

Mary looked up with such a bright, loving smile as to fully 
justify .some people in their notion. 

"Wlieu I had been one year a jouriieyin.Mii, and had laid \ip a 
few dollars (for I had a strong motive to be saving) we .vere 
married. 1 boarded at her iiither's and she bound slioes for tin; 
.shop where T worked. We lived a few weeks at her home, but 
it was not our home — thi^ home we wanted — .so we determined 
to set up housekceiiing. It was rather a .small set tip, but we 
made it answer. 1 sjient a week in hnu.se hunting. Some 
were too dear, some too shabby. .\t last I found this plaei 





164r 



JU ^:B21<TX1LB1 X3SrSTI?>TJOTOie., 





It was new and clean, high and airy, and I thought it umuM dn. 
I got it for fifty dollars a year, and though the renis all round 
have advanced, our landlord is satisfied with that, or takes it 
in preference to risking a worse tenant. The place was naked 
enough, and we had little to put in it save ourselves; but we 
went cheerfully to work, earned all we could, saved all we could 
— and you see the result. ' ' 

"I .see; but I confess I do not understand it," said I, willing 
to hear him explain the economy of this modest, happy home. 
"Well; it is simple enough. When Mary and I moved our- 
selves here and took possession, with a table, two chairs, a 
cooking stove, a saucepan or two, and a cot-bed with a straw 
mattress, the first thing we did was to hold a council of war. 
" 'Now, Mary, my love,' said I, 'here we are. We have next 
to nothing, and we have everything to get, and nobody but 
ourselves to help ourselves. ' 

' '^^''e found that we could earn, on an average, eight dollars 
a week. We determined to live as cheaply as possillo, save 
all we could and make ourselves a home. Our rent was a dollar 
a week — our fuel, light, water-rent, and some little matters a 
dollar more. We haveallowed the sameamount forourclothing, 
and by buying the best things, and keeping them carefully, we 
dress well enough for that. — Even my wife is satisfied with her 
wardrobe, and finds that raw silk at a dohar a yard is cheaper 
in the long run, than calico at fifteen cents. That makes three 
dollars a week, and we had still our living to pay for. That 
costs us, with three in our family, just one dollar a week more." 
"One dollar a-pieee?" 

"No — one dollar for all. You seem surprised; but we have 
reckoned it over and over. It cost more at first, but now we 
have learned to live both better and cheaper, so that we 
have a clear surplus of four dollars a week, after paying all 
expen.se of rent, fire, light, water, clothing and food. I do not 
count our luxuries, such as an evening at the theatre, a concert, 
or a little treat to ovir friends when we give a party." 
I knew a smile came over my face, for he continued. 
' 'Yes, give a party; and we have some pleasant ones, I assure 
you. Sometimes we have a dozen guests, which is quite enough 
for comfort, and our treat of chocolate, cakes, blancmange, etc., 
costs as much as two dollars; but this is not very often. Out 
of our surplus which comes, you .see to two hundred dollars a 
year — we have bought all you see, and have money in the bank. " 
"I see it all. ' said I, "all but the living. Many a mechanic 
spends more than that for cigars, to say nothing of liquor. Pray 
tell me precisely how you live." 

''With plea.sure. First of all, then, [ smoke no cigars; and 
chew no tobacco, and M;iry takes no snuff." 

Here the pleasrnt smile came in, but there was no interrui- 
tion; for Mary seemed to think her husband knew what he was 
about, and could talk very well without her aid. 

■"1 have not drank a glass of liquor since the day I was married, 
except a glass of wine about four times a year, on Christmas, 
New Year's, Fourth of July, and Willie's brithday. The last 
is our special holiday. I had read enough physiology to make 
up my mind that tea and coffee contained no nutriment, and 
are poisonous beside; and I tried a vegetable diet long enough 
to like it l)etter than a mixed one, and to find th it it agreed 
with me better; and as we have read and experimented together, 
of course, .^Iary thitiksas I do'?" 

'But what do you eat and drink?" I asked, curious to see 
inw far this self-taught philos jpher had progressed in the law 
of health. 

■'Come this way, and I will show you." he said, taking the 
light aTid leading the wav into a capacious store-room. "Here 



first of all. is a mill, which cost me three dollars. It grinds 
all my grain, gives me the freshest and most beautiful meal, 
and saves tolls and profits. This is a barrel of wheat. I buy 
the best and am sure that it is clean and good. It costs less 
than three cents a pound and a pound of wheat a day, you 
know, i« food enough for any man. We make it into bread, 
mush, pies, and cakes. Here is a barrel of potatoes. This is 
hominy. 

Here are some beans, a box of rice, tapioca, macaroni. Here 
is a box of sugar, and this is our butter jar. 

We take a quart of country milk a day; I buy the rest down, 
town, by the box or barrel, where I can get it best and cheapest- 
flaking wheat — eaten as mush or bread, and all made coar,se, 
without bolting — and potatos. rice or hominy as the staples, 
you can easily see that a dollar a week for provisions is not only 
ample, but allows of a healthy and even luxurious variety. 
For the rest, we eat greens, vegetables, fruits, and berries in 
theirseason. Inthesumraer we have strawberries, andpeacheis, 
as soon as they are ripe and good. Mary will get up a dinner 
from these materials at a cost of twenty-five cents, better than 
the whole bilfof fare at the hotels." 

I was satisfied. Here was comfort, intelligence, taste, and 
modest luxury, all enjoyed by a humble mechanic, who knew 
how to live at the cost I have mentioned. How much useless 
complaining might be saved, how much genuine happiness 
enjoyed, how much evil and suffering might be prevented, if 
all the working men in New York were as wise as William 
Carter. 

I never shook a man or woman by the hand with more hearty 
respect than when I said "Good night" to this happy couple> 
who in this expensive city, are living in luxury and growing 
rich on eight dollars a week, and making the bench of a shoe- 
maker a chair of practical philosophy. 

Reader, if you are inclined to profit by this little narrative, I 
need not write out any oth-^r moral, than the injunction of 
Scripture, "Go and do likewise." 



ODOK^S 



Tl/'iTAT is an odor? Is it something which difters from every 
TT thing else in itself, or which only produces different 
effects, according to the organ of sense whereon it impinges. 
Experiments serve to show that while various bodies send 
forth odors, as a wood fire does sparks, yet there is a close 
connection between smell and taste. 

If we close our eyes and hold our nose, all the finer kinds of 
flavor will be imperceptible. There are four primitive tastes, 
— sweet, sour, salt and bitter — and if the mucous membrane 
of the no.se is congested, as in the case of a cold in the head 
or if we close our nostrils, it is only these four tastes that we 
can distinguish. The more delicate flavors are altogether lost 
to us. A man of taste must have a good nose. 

It appears, then, that we taste in part with our organ of 
fcent as we hear in part with our mouths, and it is precisely 
the same thing as the odor we perceive by our olfactories. 

M listure is necessary also alike to odors and flavors. The 
SI crjtions of the nose are for the purpose of receiving the 
odorous iiarticles floating through the air, and the saliva in the 
mouth is part of the apparatus fjr taste. Odorous bodies, like 
some over-poiiulated countries, are continually sending off emi- 
grants in all directions, especially by water. These substances 
when placed in water, act on those molecules of the liquid they 
touch, and repel the;m more or less, thus producing a vacuum 
around them. It is by a sort of circulatory motion that they 





JTJ^En^IXjE IISrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



165 





accomplish this — in the case of a people, we should call it a 
'"evolution — which is especially observable in camphor. 

The effect of water in intensifying odors is seen in the fra- 
grance of a flower-bed after a shower, or in the early morning, 
when the dew is still on the ground. 

It is wonderful what a self-dispensine power many odors 
possess. We may well speak of strong smells, for they fly 
long distances without getting tired, and penetrate through 
pretty solid obstacles. Ambergris thrown u)ion the shore of 
the sea emits odor to a great distance, and thus, as it were, 
sends out invitations for those who are seeking it. Wells of 
petroleum oil give notice to their existence, as we might expect, 
several miles around. 

Sailors say they can tell when they are api:)roachiiig the 
shore of Spain long before they can see it, by the scent of 
rosemary, which must be a very pleasant welcome. Wo have 
all heard of the "spicy breezes" of Ceylon. 

-Musk perfumes a whole room for years, and what is most 
remarkable, at the end of that time it does not appear to have 
lost any weight One man kept a mass of papers for forty 
years perfumed by a single grain of amber, and then calcu- 
lated that each inch of the paper was saturated with one two- 
and-a-half millionth of a grain of the odorous substance. 

A Frenchman has proposed the theory of harmony in odors 
as well as in sounds. He thinks that there is a music of per- 
fumes, some agreeing among themselves, others being dicord- 
ant. 

Thus he declares that almond, vanilla, heliotro]ie and clema- 
tis form together a harmonic chord, or octave, and so on with 
others. 

But there is no other uniformity in the olfactory sensations 
of people, as there is in their distinctions between sound and 
music. The same thing smells dift'erently to different persons, 
and conseriuenlly no rule of scent-harmony can be laid down. 

Among the orientals asa/ccdtida and v.leriau, the odor of 
which is most disgusting to most of us, are prized for their 
agreeable scent. The smell of the sandalwood, which makes 
it a favorite in China and India, is just on the border-line 
among us, between plea>ant and unpleasant. Some persons 
rather like it, and some iind it offensive. There is an instance 
on record of a girl who liked the musty smeil of old books, and 
of alawyer to whom the fragrasca of a dung-hill was quite a treat. 

The.se latter cases may, perhaps, be classified under the 
delusions of the nose, which are common among insane people. 

There is no doubt that the .sense of smell can be greatly culti- 
vated, and that it is actually very acute in some per.sons and 
species of animals. It was not imagination on tho part of a 
lady that she could foretell storms by a suliihurous odor in the 
air, since she actually did foretell them. 

Am(mg the anc!ents, perfumes were used very extensively, 
not only in private life, but in religious service. It was sup- 
posed that odorous burnt sacrifices pleased the gods, who were 
always highly perfumed themselves, and mi'/ht indeed be rec- 
ognized by their fragranee. The awning which shielded the 
spectators from the .sun in the amphitheatre at the Roman 
games, was saturated with scented water, which dripped on 
the heads of th ise below. The Uoiiiaii eagles were always 
anointed with iterl'ume before battlt^ 

III later times perfumes have been very much in vogue, 
though now too much scent is regarded as a sign of vulgarity. 
Madam Talbea, coming from a bath of strawberry and rasp- 
berry juice, used to be gently rubbed with sponges of |« rl'u- 
nied milk. Napoleon I. was in the habit of jiouring eau-de- 
colot'iie over his head and shoulders every morning. 



^Juestion^ and '^nnwtt§ 

onsr THE 
book: oip im: o k. 1^ o isr . 



LESSON CIX. 

Q. — Were the robbers successful in their attempts to overpower 
the Nepliites'' ■ 

A. — No; ttiey were compelled through lack of food to give up 
the siege they had planned. 

Q. — When Gidgiddoni saw that they intended to retreat what 
did he do? 

A.— He sent his armies by night and surrounded them. 

Q. — What did many of the robbers then do? 

A. — A great many surrendered and the rest were slain. 

Q. — What became of Zemnarihah their leader? 

A. — He was taken by tlie Nephites and hung. 

Q. — How did the Nephites feel after this victory? 

A. — Tliey were convinced uf the the power of God, and praised 
His name. 

Q. — Why did thuy think the Luvd so favored them? 

A. — Bi_-cau.se of their rei-entance and humility. 

0.— Hiiw did they then feel about the words of the prophets? 

A. — That they were all true. 

Q. — What was the result? 

A. — They forsook their sins, and served God with diligence. 

Q. — What did they do with their prisoners? 

A.— They put them in pribon, and preached the word of God 
to them. 

Q. — Who wc-e afterwards released? 

A.— Those who entered a covenant to do no more killing. 

Q.— From what hook do we learn of these things? 

A.— The book of Nephi, written by Mormon, a true descendant 
of Lehi. 

y— What ottice did Mormon hold in the church? 

A.— He was a diciple of Jesus Christ. 

03sr THIE BIBLE]. 



Q.— What did .Jonathan and David then do? 

ji^ — "They kis-ed one another, and wept one with another, un- 
til David exceedc^d.'' 

Q.— What did Jonatluin say to David.' 

A. — "Go in peace." 

Q.— When Duvid departed, where did he go? 

A.— To Ahimek'ch the priest. 

Q.— What did Ahimeleeh say to David' 

A.— "Why art tliou alone, and no man with tliec?" 

Q.— What answer did David make'' 

A.— That he was on the king's business, which ho should let no 
man know. 

Q.— What did David thun ask f(«r? 

A.— Five loaves of bread. 

Q._-\Vhat kind of bread did Ahimeloch give David? 

A.— Hallowi;d bread 

Q —Why did he do this? 

A.— Bi'cause he had no common broad. 

Q._Wlio was prosent whilo David was with Aliim.'looh? 

A. — One of the servants of .Saul. 

Q —What was his name'' 

A.— Docg, an Edomile. 

Q.— Wliat was he? 

A.— "The ohicfost of the herdmen that belonged to Saul.'' 

Q._Wliatdid David ask of Ahimeleeh? 

A — Wlotlor ho had a spear or sword. 

Q.— What n'|ilv did Ahiinoloidi nuike'' 

A.— That U'' had the sword of (ioliath wrapped In a ololh. 

Q._What else did ho say? 

A.— "H' thou wilt take that, lako it; for there is no other save 
that here.'' 





166 



jru^EnsriXjE iin'sti^.tjctoi?.. 




Ifeares Jfrcitt It ^0Q 



5jo 



BV I!. M. O. 



XO. II.-CAI'TT'IIEI) BV EATS. 




"T was born near Barnstable, Cape Cod, ani4, like uiy fore- 
1 fathers before me, was bred to the life of a fisherman. 
As I arew in years T uatuially de.sired to extend my voyages 
and exchange the fi-hing smar-lc for a larger craft. As the 
next thing after catching cod fish was captnriiig whales, 1 
determined to try my luck. So I informed my father of the 
resolution, received his advice and a letter of recommendation 
to the captain of the Spartan, of Nantucket, then on the eve 
of sailing on a whaling voyage to the Soutli PjL-ific. The folks 
stowed my 'dunnage" in an old tool chest that my grandlalher 
had used half a century before to hold his traps when on a 
similar cruise. I bade kindred and friends g'od by one warm 
summer afternoon, and the nest morning tumbled myself and 
outfit on board the old .ship, and reported ibr duty. The next 
day we hove up anchor, spread our topsails and rolled out of 
A'ineyard Sound, the west wind blowing s(iuare on our star- 
board ipiarter. We never could determine the age of our old 
ship. She had certainly been modeled as near like No.ih's 
ark as possible, and built shortly after the .stranding of that 
famous vessel; in fact, some of the boys insisted that she was 
that identical old boat, refitted with topmasts. Looking cud 
ways at her, the outline of her hull was precisely like an old- 
fashioned tea kettle, and she rolled and fioundered through 
the water about as gracefully as a wa.sh-tub adrift in a mill race. 
When the wind struck her fair in the stern she did as well as 
any other old scow; but as soon a'; Wi» braced her up she sidled 
off to leeward like a sow going to battle. 

"Fortunately, wind and current favored us, ;\\v\ we eventu- 
ally found ourselves off the Horn, flow we ever managed to 
get arounl into the Pacific I cannot exactly tell, .sceiu.;; that 1 
never studied navigation. But for two long months the old 
'bruise water" pitched and tossed off the cape and never made 
a .shiii's length in advance. Our .skipper was a regular practi- 
cal chap and at one time freiffhted live stock on his ve>sel to 
New V^irk. Now a pig, you know, i^ a contrary sort of ani- 
mal, and will always go opposite to the way you want it to. 
AVell. the old man found out this propensity in the pig when 
he loaded his .ship, and overcame it in this wi.se: he pointed 
the jiiL''s snout towards the gangway and then seized hold of 
lii-^ tail and pulled back with all hismight. Of cour.>^e the obsti- 
nate i)ig would pull the other way and go where it was 
wanted. Somehow T always believed they stuck the bowsjirit 
of thi' (lid S'prtr/iiii in her wrong end, and I believe the captain 
arrived at the same conelu-iiion, or took a lesson from his 
experience with the pigs, for he pointed the old ship's no.-e to 
the eastward, a direction contrary to the way we wi.hjd her 
tn go, and I'm blessed if she didn't '.stern all' right into the 
Pacific, where a south-ca'^ter caught us up, and we fin.illy 
drifted into this port, after an eight month's passage, and 
nearly all hands tinctured with the scurvy. 

"Well, shipmate, I made up my mind tliat the old hulk 
would never get home unle.ss they cut a canal across Africa 
and towed her through, and, as I was likely to square my 
accounts with this world before a job like that could be accom- 
plished, 1 made up my mind to take French leave the first 
opportunity. 



"Telcahuana was then, as it is now. a hard place for a chap to 
attempt to desert; in fact, he was almost certain to be captured. 
Every 'Greaser' you see is a s|iy, and the girls are not. much 
better; they'll betray you while their arm is around your neck 
and their lips to your cheek. And hei'e let me advii^e you to 
commit to memory the cautions of old King Solomon, and con 
them over whenever you fall in with this kind of craft. They 
read in this way: 

" 'The lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and 
her mouth is smoother than oil. 

"'Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on 
hell. 

" 'Remove thy way from her, and come not nigh the door of 
her house.' 

"My mother taueht me those )iroverbs years ago; and I 
know that by adhering to them I have i-a>-ed myself from 
much sorrow and distress. 

"The better I became acquainted with the place, the less 
chance I saw f(n' getting clear of the ship; in fact, I had almost 
given up the idea of tnaking the attempt, when one evening, 
while standiuL'- anchor watch, and overhauling everything in 
my knowledge box in the .shape of a ]ilan to get nway, my eye 
suddenly rested on that old brig looming up in the face of the 
moon, as we .see her now. 

"I always liked musing in the moonlight. Nature, like 
one's self, after pulling and hauling all day. settles into quiet 
and repose, and the dark hills, tapering ship s]iars, glittering 
lights of the town, and the moon herself dimly repeated in 
the silent waters, send our thoughts roaming back, and reflect 
the toils an.l cares and troubles of the past in much the same 
manner, with all the hard edges knocked off. 

"However, I had little thought for the moon or the past that 
evening. I knew that no guards were kept on or around tlie 
hulks, and the ilistance was notliing to a good swimmer like 
myself. The only danger, and a serious one, was falling foul 
of a shark. Here, then, was a way opened for me. I could 
ea-ily -^wim ofl" to the brig during the night, and once on board, 
remain concealed until the Spartan sailed. Of cour.«e, it 
would be nece.s.^ary to supply myself with provisions and water, 
but my stay in the hulk would be for only a day or two, and 1 
would not need much in that line. The more 1 reasoned the 
plan over the stronger became my resohition to make the 
attempt; in fact, the only trouble was between the ship and 
the brig— I mean the .sharks. But T finally reasoned myself 
into the belief that it would be certain death to go to sea in 
the ship, while there was a possible chance of reaching the 
brig before a shark made a breakfast of me. So I set to work 
maturing my plans. 

'"The captain's intention was to go to gea in two or three 
days. I would have the anchor watch from two to four on the 
morning of the day of sailing. Being alone on the deck, no 
one would interfere with my departure; and as for provisions, 
I could easily secure what little I .should want in my oil-skin 
jacket, and, strapped to my back or head, the package would 
be .secure. Well, to work I went. I procured a quart bottle, 
and filled it with water. The tails of my oil-skin jacket I cut 
and sha|)ed into a water-tiuht bag, into which I stowed a dozen 
pieces of hard-bread, about a pound of salt junk, a pipe, 
tobacco, matches and what little money (two or three dollars) 
I had. All was accomplished .so slyly that the suspicions of 
my shipmates were not aroused. 

"Well, the time for the start came around; four bells struck, 
and old Ben arou.sed me to relieve him. Everything on deck, 
and, in fact, over the bay, was as quiet and as lonely as it pos 
sibly could be; so I determined to spend no time in thinkin 





0"TJ^3±]n^IZ-.5I] IltTSTI^U CTOI?. 



167 




for I was afraid if I once got nervous about the sharks it would 
be all up with me. I stripped off everything but my shirt 
and pants, strapped the provision sack to my back, took a look 
around to see if the coast was clear, went into the head and 
slid dowu the cable. As 1 entered the water I offered a short 
prayer to ( J od for success, and then struck out manfully for 
the brig." 

( To he Continued. ) 



EisTTOiv^oi-ioa-ir-nsro. 5. 



BY W. D. .JOHNSON, .JUN. 



H E il I P T R R A . 




THK sub order of hemiptera, as was refcned to in a pre- 
ceding article, is so named because most of the in.sects of 
the order are only half-winged. The hemipterous insects are 
divided into two groups, which are known by the following 
characteristics. 

Bugs, or true hemiptera, are called by naturalists "hemiptera 
heteroptera," because the wing covers are thick and opaque 
at the base, but thin, more or less transparent, and wing-like 
at the tips. They are laid horizontally on the back and cross 
each other obliquely at the ends. The thin part of one wing 
cover overlaps the same part of the other. 

They are furnished with a long, horny and tubular beak, con- 
taining three stiff bri.stles as sharp as needles. They have no 
laws, but live by sucking the juice of pbuit-^ and animals. The 
head is horizontal and the beak issues from the fore part of it, 
which is bent back under the head and breast, between the logs. 
To this group belong the squa.-h bug, bed bug and the lice 
found on man and animals. 

To the second group, "hemiptera hoiuoptera" belong those 
insects which "have wings of the same texture throughout, as 
the name implies The wines are either thick and oiiaqm, or 
thin and transparent. Ihey are not laid on the back 
horizontally, as in the other group, but are inclined at the 
sides ot the body, similar to the grasshoppers. The face 
is vertical or oblique, and the beak issues from the under side 
of the head near the breast. All the insects of this division 
live on vegetable juices, and embrace the harvest flies (errone- 
ously called locusts in America), plant lice and bark lice. 

One of the most remarkable insects ot the first group is the 
common scpiash bug, "coreus tri.stis," so well known for the 
injurious effects of its punctures on the leaves of the »qiia-h 
vine and allied pl.mts. Fur the la^t few years it has Ijecn 
almost impossible to raise S(|uashes in some parts of this 
Territory, owing to the mmm.'-e quantities of the.'-e iti.-ei ts 
The perfect insect is three-fifths of an inch in length. The 
antenna' and beak is four-jointed. Besides the two eve<, thev 
have two little evelets or ocelli on the back part of tlie head. 
The head and throat are of a rusty black color; the legs arc 
long, slender and dark colored. The feet are cotupused of 
three tar.<i, and have two claws on each foot The edees of 
the abdomen are sharp and extend beyond the wing covers. 
The upper side of the abdomen, under the wings is black and 
yellow, of a velv('ty appearance; tlie under side is of a dirty 
ochn-ellow. 'I'lie thin i)orliori of the wings are black, and 
dusky at tlie tips. When handled or crushed tliey give out 
an odor similar to that ol' an over ripe pear; but far too 
powerful to be agreeable. 

About the last'of October they forsake the vines upon which 
they have lived during the summer, and conceal themselves in 

■acks and crevices <jfwallsaTid fences :ind piles of uM rubliish, 



where they pass the winter in a state of torpor. On the return 
of warm weather they come forth from their winter quarters 
and go in .search of their favorite food. As soon as the squash 
vine puts forth a few rough leaves, they congregate under 
them, pair and commence to lay their eggs. This generally 
occurs about the last of .Tune or the first of July. Tkev lay 
their eggs in little patches and Ihsten them with a gummy sub- 
stance to the underside of the leaf They are round, and 
flattened on two sides. 

The larva and pupa pas-i through only a partial transforma 
t'on, as do all the insects of this order. The young bugs are 
much like the perfect insects, only smaller, and they have no 
wings until they cast their skins several times. They are of a 
pale ash color. The antenna^ is quite large. They live in 
families or swarms, and from the quantity of sap imbibed by 
them they soon cause the plant to become brown, dry and 
wrinkled, when they leave it and seek fresh vines. 

To prevent the ravages of these insects they should be 
c.iught and killed before they lay their eggs The vines should 
be visited daily, and carefully examined for bugs. Their eggs, 
which are easily crushed, should be destroyed; if allowed to 
remain they will increase a thou.sand fold by fdl. 

One remedy propo.sed by eminent entomologists is to remove 
all the earth from around the roots as far as they will bear, 
and fill with dry ashes and salt, which will drive them away. 
Another is to trim off the under leaves and lay them on the 
ground so that the insects may gather under them. It has 
also been suggested to lay pieces of boards along the rows, a 
little rai.sed from the ground by small stones; during the night 
the insects will congregate under the trap. The boards and 
leaves should be examined early in the morning, for as .soon as 
the sun is up they will be out and at work getting their break- 
'ast of squash vine juice. 

^«-..^..-»^ 

It is Beti'KR. — Better to wear a calico dress without trim- 
ming, if it be paid for. than to owe the store-keeper for the 
most elegant silk, cut and trimmed in the mo?t bewitching 
manner. Better live in a log cabin all your own, than in a 
brown-stone mansion belonging to some one else. ]}etter 
walk forever than run into debt for a hor,-e and carriage. 
Better to sit at a pine table, for which you paid three dollars 
ten years ago, than send home a new extension, black walnut 
top, and promise to pay for it next week. Bettor to use the old 
cane-seated chairs and faded twi -,)ly carpet, than tremble at 
the bills sent home from the uphoNterer's for the most elegant 
sj' ever made, Better meet your bu^ine.^s acquaintances with 
a free, "don't owe you a c^nt" smile, than to dodge around the 
corner to escape a dun. Better (o pay the street organ-grinder 
two cents for music than to owe for a gr.ml piano. Better to 
iraze upon the bare walls than jiictures unjiaid for. Better to 
eat thin soui) from earthen ware, if you owe your butcher 
nothing, than to dine off Inoib and roa,-t beef and know that 
it doe~ not b;'long to you. Better to let your wife have a fit 
of hysterica thin to run in debt for nice new linniture, or 
clothes, or iewelery. 



luKKSdi.i ri(i\. — In Mi.ilters of iiiipiotapire, and wliich niu-t 
be do'o. ■' ''re is no >Mri'r argunu'iit of a weak mind than 
ill,- '■ " ' To bo undetermiiuMl where the case is so plain, 
and till' ,1 ■(•••viity so urgent; to be always intending to lead a 
new life, hut never to find the time to set about it; this is as if 
a man should put off eating and drinking and sleeping from 
I lie dav and night to aiiolhiT, till he i^ s( irved and deslroy<'d. 



Si 







168 



CrXJ^EISriLE IlTSTI?.TJOTOI^ 




TJT J^BC 



Words by Paul A. Elkins. 



Mtsic by H. Emery. 












:^=:^=: — 



Come 



all the children of 



iilL 



-*=N=^: 






the saints AVho dwpll in Zi - on's land, 



'-^K 



W=-'m-- 






letsj 






And 



rrtzn^: 



I^^S: 



go with us to 



-W- 












?*--d: 



fc^qr 



:b^ 



Sunday School The Sajibath day 



HSi=a^- 



:3^- 



.•—!■- 



-•— 







m 









-vj: 



-:#*.T*: 



God will hate and punish tho-se Who break the Sabbath 






-»p |«B_Ctl_ 



I — t^ — I — ^— ' — I ^— I — 1^ — ' 



day, 

-P — r- 



And 



vi - - late Ili: 






3i 












-W- 



Our teachers, they are elders in 

The kingdom of our God; 
And we may yet be elders too, 

On missions sent abroad. 

Then let us train our youthful minds. 
Our childish hearts prepare. 

For anything that God may choose 
To trust unto our care. 

And let us ever thankful be 

That favored we have been 
With parents who have known the Lord 

And cov'nant made with him. 



ho - ly 



laws 



m 



wantonness 



and 



=t^: 



ES=^£ 



pla.v. 



Then let us give their counsels heed, 
That, when they pass away, 

We may in honor them succeed 
And God's commands obey. 

Profanity let us despise, 
The word of wisdom keep, 

And 'never say nor do a thing 
To make our parents weep. 

And if we do these things and keep 
Our feet in wisdom's ways. 

The Lord will bless us, as He says, 
And lengthen out our days. 



sTjnsriD^-y LESsoisrs 

FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TP i HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XXXVI. 



Q. — In what township was that? 

A. — In Kaw Township, twelve miles from Independence. 

Q. — How many carried the first log for the house? 

A. — Twelve men, in honor of the Twelve Tribes of Israel. 




Q. — "When and where was the third conference of the Church 
held'? 

A.— On the 6th of June, 1831, at Kirtland. 

Q. — "What business was done at this conference? 

A. — Many Elders, were called to take missions. 

Q. — To what parts were thej- mostly sent? 

A. — Through the Western States. 

Q. — How were the}- to travel '. 

A. — Without purse or scrip, and in parties of two men each. 

Q. — What special instruction was given them? 

A. — They were all to meet in Jackson County, Missouri, to 
liold the next conference there. 

Q. — Did Joseph go also? 

A.— Yes; he started on thelOth of .June, and reached Independ- 
ence, .Jackson County, about the middle of July. 

Q. — Wliat did die Lord reveal to him about Independence? 

A. — That it was the centre place for the City of Zion. 

tj.— What else? 

A. — That a great temple would be built the^o. 

Q. — Who else went to Jackson County, Missouri? 

A. — Many families of the Saints went and settled there. 

Q. — "Who was the first to commence bui'ding in that County? 

A. — .Joseph Smith assisted to carry the first log for a house, on 
the 2nd of August, 1831. 



Errata. — In the "Sunday Lessons for Little Learners" pub- 
lished in our last number it was stated that Edward Partridge was 
ordained to the office of first Bishop of the Church when he 
visited Joseph Smith in Payette. This was an error; he was not 
ordained till some months afterwards, at Kirtland, in accordance 
with a revelation received in Feb., 1831. It was also stated that 
in Jan., 1831, the Church numbered between seventy and one 
hundred members; which was also an errcr. This would proba- 
bly have been a correct statement of the number before Oliver 
Cowdery and party started on their mission the previous Septem- 
ber, but in consequence of their labors many new members had 
been added to the Church before January, 1831. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF E^VERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE] 
Single Copy^ jxr Annum — — $2 00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^S'Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




