





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, JANUAKY 18, 1873. 



NO. 2. 



THE KINDBRGARTE1T. 



V[7E give you herewith a picture of a Kindergarten. We 
\ imagine we hear our readers say, "A Kindergarten? 
What is a Kindergarten?" 

Kindergarten means a garden of children. Freidricti 
Frcebel, a German educator, born in 1782, founded a school 
which he called by this name, and his ideas have been 
found by practice to be so excellent that in his own 
country schools of this kind have become very common 



make the rose a perfect rose, and the lily a beautiful lily. It 
was on this plan that Frcebel founded the Kindergarten. 

He took nature for his teacher and followed her directions 
closely. He did not check children's plays, only directed them. 
He did not try to make Jane over iuto Sarah, even though 
Sarah might be the preferable one of the two; neither did he 
try to turn Frank into John; but to help Jane to become as 
good as it was possible for her nature to be, and to show Frank 





an! they have been introduced into the United States. 
While children are of one species, yet they are of every con- 
ceivable variety. A successful gardener, Frocbel argued, after 
much thought on the subject, studies the individual natures 
of his plants and puts each into such soil and atmosphere as 
best suits its wants so as to enable it to grow, flower and bring 
forth fruit to the very best advantage. A gardener never tries 
to change a rose into a lily, or a tulip into a pink, but tries to 



how he could progress in the development of the gifts which 
God had given to him. 

The Kindergarten is a school which^secms like play all the 
time, only it is orderly play. It is big folks coming in and tak- 
ing an interest in the children's world without checking the 
flow of their happy spirits. As the birds build nests, and men 
first provide themselves with shelter, so the children build 
houses or caverns in their play. They also like to dig the 





io 



JUYEKILE I1TSTBTJCTOB 





ground in their play, and imitate in their little gardens the 
efforts of men in the cultivation of the soil. If they can get 
mud, they take delight iu forming all sorts of articles out of it. 
If they can get a slate and pencil they will draw no end of 
figures. These early attempts are the first beginnings of 
development in art. As the first elements of art and industry 
show themselves in the activity of children, so likewise the 
gems of science are exhibited in the desire for knowledge. 
With its always repeated questions — why? wherefore? whence? 
the young mind searches for truth and its source — God. 

The child's greatest desire, when it is able to walk, is to run 
to and fro, to go iu all directions, to touch and take hold of 
everything with the hands. Every healthy child wants to be 
constantly in motion. The more its strength increases, the 
greater the necessity for exertion of all kinds, that drives the 
boy, especially, to games of running, climbing, jumping, throw- 
ing, lifting, which requires strength and skill. In a properly 
managed Kindergarten this disposition is directed, not repress- 
ed. The truth is recognised that ichat gives pleasure to 
children generally and in all times, serves always for their 
development in some way. The ceaseless activity of children 
some parents and teachers deem a plague; they would compel 
them, if they cDuld, to keep still. They do not recognize the 
fact that as work develops man, so the plays of children serve 
to develop their limbs, organs and senses. 

Nature prompts the child to use its hands constantly in play. 
There is a purpose iu this. The hand is man's chief instru- 
ment for work. It is his sceptre in which lies a portion of his 
great power as king of the earth. Without the development of 
skill in the hand, industry and art are impossible. Nothing, 
therefore, is more coutrary to nature than to forbid a child the 
use of its hands. Yet this is constantly done in the most of 
schools. That children may pay attention to the subject 
taught, they are required to fold their hands, or to cross them 
on the back. Frcebel followed the hint of nature, and he found 
means to chain the child's attention by connecting all instruction 
with the use of the hands. How much more sensible is 
this than the old method 1 

For the sake of obtaining knowledge, the child makes experi- 
ments. It knocks different objects together, throws them 
'1 iw i, tastes, tears and destroys. It is then called mischievous, 
and is sometimes whipped, yet these acts are but the mani- 
festation of its desire to become acquainted with the quality aud 
the use of things. 

In the Kindergarten children's plays are made the subjects 
of the highest instruction. There the activity of children is 
not op|Hjsed, it is simply guided. In many primary schools 
teaching has consisted iu keeping children still, or in urging 
them nn till the brain is overtaxed. Seeing the evil of this 
some parents keep their children away from school, aud suffer 
them to grow up untrained and neglected. Hut in the Kinder- 
garten the exercises aim to draw forth the powers of children 
without wearying the brain. They are conducted on the principle 
that exercise is as necessary to the growth of the mind as the 
b - 1, -that one should not be sacrificed to the other, but they 
can and ought to grow together— mutually help each other. 

'I'ii lii-> lessons in the Kindergarten arc given on the har- 
mony of colors to very young children with colored worsted 
balls. They very soon learn to distinguish the primary and 
buy c [ ire, and to arrange them harmonii usly. The dif- 
ferences of form are taught with the cube, the sphere, and the 
cylinder. Next comes a wooden box containing cubes of an 
inch in .siz .: by which symmetry is taught. The child is left as 
much as possible to his own ingenuity — he conceives a plan and 
carries it out— he has a thought and embodies it. Not ouly 
chairs, tables, sofas, trains of cars, churches, are built of these 
blocks, but the simple rules of arithmetic arc taught by them, 
and an ingenious teacher brings out whole pictures. For 
instance a lighthouse is perched on a high point, some blocks 



represent rocks to be avoided and ships sailing in the ocean; or 
a flock of sheep with a wolf prowling about and a boy with a 
dog and gun is to sieze the wolf and save the sheep; so every 
picture has a story and every story a picture. 

Drawing is one of the most useful and attractive means of 
instruction. A very small child can be taught to use the pen- 
cil, and his drawings soon become quite wonderful to himself. 
He need not be limited to things about him, but draw from his 
own fancy; and drawing pictures on the shte is one of the 
things that children seldom tire of. Some of the larger children 
make little baskets of fanciful shapes by means of short pieces 
of wood which the boys cut to the required length with pocket- 
knives. They also make various geometric forms, cubes tri- 
angles, and are drawn out by questions in describing them, in 
seeing the difference between an oblong and a square, so they 
gain a practical knowledge of geometry. The girls like to make 
ornamental mats, book-marks, etc., with slips of colored paper 
by interlacing them into geometrical patterns requiring much 
ingenuity, and an observance of the harmony of colors. This 
work does not suit the boys as it requires clean fingers. The 
most popular work with them is modelling in clay which is very 
fascinating. Without being directed, this taste crops out in their 
making mud-pies and snow-houses and forts. With a teacher to 
direct, out of clay, wax or rice, cups and saucers, mugs, birds, 
horses, fruit and flowers are very cleverly modelled. When- 
ever it is possible they have the natural objects to imitate. 
These exercises are alternated with amusing plays such as 
pigeon-house, peasant, stir-the-mush, puss-in-thc-corner, etc. 
The processes of nature and art are symbolized by the plays, 
the teacher and little ones enjoying them alike. 

The pigeon-house is described as a pretty play. The teacher 
takes three-quarters of the number, and forms them into a circle, 
while the other quarter remains in the middle, to represent the 
pigeons. The circle is the pigeon-house, and sings the song, 
beginning with the words: 

"We open the pigeon-house again," 
while, standing still, they all hold up their joined hands, so as 
to let all the pigeons out at the word "open;" and as the circle 
goes round singing, 

" And let all the liappy fluttercrs free, 

They fly o'er the fields and grassy plain, 
Delighted with glorious liberty," 

the pigeons run round waving their hands up aud down to imi- 
tate flying. At the word "return" in the line, 

" And when they return from their joyous flight," 
the joined hands of those in the circle are lifted up again and 
the pigeons go in. Then the pigeon-house closes round them, 
bowiug their heads, aud singing, 

" We shut up the house and bid them good-night," 
which is repeated while the circle swings off and agaiu comes 
together bowing. 

The play can be done over till all in turn have been pigeons. 

Object teaching is translating things into words instead of 
turning words into things. A child first has the object to 
' examine, he tells the color, form and properties, he is helped to 
describe it, and so he learns the meaning of words — the idea, 
the image first and then the word to represent it. The only 
way to make words expressive is to associate them sensibly 
with the objects to which they relate. Let a child, himself, 
hammer out some substance with a mallet and he will never 
forget the meaning of malleable. Practical knowledge becomes 
at once power. The study of objects not only gives meaning to 
■words, but it educates the senses aud produces the habit of 
attention and investigation of nature. It is the action of the 
mind upon real things. 

Thinking is taught before reading, and this school does away 
with the usual way of learning the alphabet and dispenses with 
the tedious, meaningless a, b, abs, which every one scowls to 





J" JJ V E3 IDT I L B I1TSTRTJCTOB, 



11 




remember. The children begin with whole words which are 
sure to interest them, for a word may be full of thoughts to a 
child while a letter is entirely empty. The teacher may print 
the letters on the blackboard, and the children imitate with 
pencil on slate. Learning to read in this way becomes as easy 
and agreeable as eating and drinking, and is as eagerly sought 
after as play by a child. It is not simply an effort of memory 
but a development of mind. It is with the understanding the 
child learns to read. 



h: t 



S T O IR, TT O IE 1 
O H TJ IR O IH . 

{Continued.) 



THE 




, with plenty uL^ife^um StoJlK A i oKHTilU^<Sli>r UNKd>N v 
ing Water. l»EREr ^^^fetB^KT 



THE condition of the Saints in Nauvoo strongly excited the 
sympathies of the people in the Camp of Israel, at Winter 
Quarters, and teams and means were freely contributed, and 
sent back to aid them. A good many of the people scattered 
up and down the river, some going to St. Louis and others to 
Burlington, but all who wished to move westward had the 
opportunity offered them, and they were brought on to the main 
camp by the teams which had been sent back. 

White these things were passing at Nauvoo, the Saints in the 
Camp of Israel were laboring diligently to prepare themselves 
for the winter. A committee of twelve was appointed to 
arrange the city into wards, over each of which a bishop was 
appointed to preside, whose duty it was to relieve the poor and 
sick, help the families of those in need, and to see that the 
Saints attended to their duties. The following is the list : 

First ward, Levi E. Biter; second, William Fossett; third 
and fourth, Benjamin Brown; fifth and sixth, John Vance; 
seventh, Edward Huuter; eighth, David Fairbanks; ninth, Daniel 
Spencer; tenth, Joseph Mathews; eleventh, Abraham Hoag- 
laud; twelfth, David D. Year'sley; thirteenth, Joseph B. Nobles. 

Every family labored diligently to construct some kind of a 
house, in which they could be sheltered for the winter. The 
houses were built chiefly of logs, and covered with clapboards 
or with willows and dirt. Many dug caves in the side of the 
hill, and made very comfortable dwelling places of them. 

Winter Quarters was laid out regularly into streets, and ■ 
occupied a fine location. The Indians gave considerable trou- 
ble, stealing cattle and pilfering. Thep looked upon the Saints 
as intruders upon their lands, and they said that if their land 
was occupied, their grass used, their timber cut down, and their 
game shot, they had a right to something in return, and there- 
fore being in want of food they helped themselves to cattle 
belonging to the Saints. The chief, Big Elk, said he would do 
all he could to restrain his people, but he had bad young men 
among them who would not be controlled, and he could not 
prevent them stealing when the cattle were all around them. 
They did not like white people, and they did not like him very 
well, because he told them that the white men would do them 
good. The conduct of the Indians prompted President Young 
to counsel the people to build a stockade around Winter 
Quarters. This was a great protection, and kept the Indians 
out to a very great extent. A large portion of the stock was 
sent north, on to what was called the Bush Bottoms — a place 
where rushes grew in great profusion, and furnished excellent 
feed for animals, if given to them carefully. If eaten too freely 
or if eaten when the weather was cold enough to freeze the 
water contained in the top part of the rush, they were danger- 
ous, and sometimes killed the animals that ate then 1 . 

Bishop Miller's camp, as he himself reported to the Twelve 
at Winter Quarters, was at the junction of the Bunning Water 
and Missouri rivers, a hundred and fifty-three miles north of 
Winter Quarters. He reported his camp in good lR3(EiMidTi 
occupying a good situation 
in the rushes of the Itunui 



Language can scarcely convey a correct idea of the sufferings 
endured by the fugitives from Nauvoo in their hurried flight to 
escape the tortures of the mob, who seemed so bent on disre- 
garding the stipulations of the very unjust treaty they had 
forced from them. Boys raised in this Territory think it no 
hardship to be obliged to sleep on the ground in the open air in 
the month of October, nor iudeed to go into the kanyons 
almost any time of the year and spend the night thus, without 
other shelter than their bed clothes, but in Illinois and Iowa 
the climate is not so favorable to health as is that of this Terri- 
tory. It is more damp. Even many who took the greatest 
care of their health and had comfortable houses to live in suffer- 
ed a great portion of the year from the ague, and chills and 
fever, caused in great part by the malaria arising from the 
decaying vegetation in the swamps and low lands. The condi- 
tion of the Saints, exposed as they were, was truly deplorable. 
Many moved across the river to the opposite bank from Nauvco 
and others scattered off in d.fferent directions, sheltering them- 
selves as best they co lid; some forming rude tents with quilts 
or blankets, and others being only able to cover themselves 
with a bower made of brush. To add to their misery what 
little clothing they possessed was, for a great portion of the 
time, drenched with rain, and instances are now related by per- 
son living who passed through those scenes of their having for 
days watched at the bedside of the dying while they could only 
afford a partial shelter to the prostrate form by holding milk- 
pans over it, to catch the falling rain as it dripped through the 
thin wagon cover. Some of the most influential men among 
them visited cities in the adjoining States and asked aid from the 
able and generous for those of their brethren and sisters whose 
sufferings they tried to depict. By this means partial relief 
was obtained for some, but the majority of the sufferers were 
unable to better their condition until they had slowly worked 
their way into Iowa or Missouri and obtained employment of 
some kind, or were helped by teams sent back by those who 
had previously left Nauvoo. 

(Jo be continued.) 



Wiiat A Spider Can Do. — Let me put a spider into a lady's 
hand. She is aghast. She shrieks. The nasty, ugly thing 1 
Madame, the spider is perhaps shocked at your Brussels lace, 
and although you may be the most exquisite painter living, the 
spider has a right to laugh at your coarse daubs as she runs 
over them. Just show her your crotchet when you shriek at 
her. " Have you spent half your days," the spider, if she be 
spiteful, may remark, — "have you spent half your life on these 
ciumsy ottoman covers? My dear lady, is that your web? If 
I were big enough; I might with reason drop you and cry out 
against you. Let me spend a day with you and bring my work, 
I have four little bags of thread — such little bags ! In every 
bag there are more thau 1000 holes — such tiny holes ! Out of 
each hole a thread runs, and all the threads — more than 400 
threads — I spin together as they run, and when they are spun 
they make but one thread of the web I weave. I have a 
member of my family who is herself uo bigger than a grain of 
sand. Imagine what a slender web she makes, and of that too, 
each thread is made of 4000 or 5000 threads that have passed 
out of her four bags through four or five thousand holes. 
Would you drop her too; crying out about your delicacy 1 A 
pretty thing for you to plume yourself on your delicacy and 
scream at us." Having made such a speech we may suppose 
that the indignant creature fastens a rope round one of the 
rough points of the lady's hand, and lets herself down lightly 
to the floor. Coming down stairs is noisy, clumsy work, com- 

Tho creeping things we 

e more delicate than any 

for pleasures' sake, no 




SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH 




12 




JTJTEUILE IFSTBTJOTOB. 




S>\ibtniU Ittsfittufoiu 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1873. 

EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





URING the building of the railroad from 
the Missouri river to San Francisco, great 
expectations were entertained and express- 
ed by many as to the changes, of a desira- 
ble character, which its completion would 
briug about in Utah. It was asserted that 
it would greatly improve the condition of the 
people here, by causing the development of 
the rich mineral deposits believed to abound 
in the Territory, thus increasing both labor 
and money; and that it would also very much 
cheapen all kinds of merchandise, whether pro- 
duced at home or imported, by lowering its trans- 
portation from the east and west, and in fact 
from all parts of the world. All of these expecta- 
tions have been realized, and we all know that, as a 
general thing, the people of Utah to-day possess 
and enjoy more of what are called the comforts of 
life than they did before the period we have referred 
to. So far then, the changes brought aboutare beneficial, because 
all like to have as many comforts as they can possibly procure. 
But the good which has thus been ^effected is by no means 
unmixed with evil, and wheu all things are considered, it is 
rather hard to say whether the increase of that which is desira- 
ble has not been more than set off or balanced by the increase 
of evil. L t as examine briefly and try to form correct ideas 
and to draw true conclusions on this subject. 

Virtue is the parent of happiness, and without the former 
the latter can never be possessed, whether by individuals or 
whole communities. Before the completion cf the railroads in 
Utah, its inhabitants were noted, the world over, for their 
temperance, industry, virtue and almost every excellence which 
can adorn human character; and the community at Salt Lake 
was frequently referred to by travelers and writers as a model 
for all others. And the praises bestowed were merited, for in 
those days a druuken man was very seldom seen in Utah, an 
oath was scarcely ever heard; a drinking saloon did not exist 
in the entire Territory, and crimes of any kind were almost as 
rare as snow in harvest time. 

But how is it now? A .striking change in these respests has 
been brought about. Go into almost any of our principal cities 
now, and drinking saloons and drinkers can be found, while 
in Salt Like < ity, the Territorial capital, in which public 
opinion would not tolerate one a few years ago, they arc now 
quite onmerous. Besides this, profanity is common, and you 
can not walk the streets without hearing the name of the Deity 
taken in vain, conpled with curses and vile language. Crime 
i-< also on the increase, and, as shown by the report of the 
Chief of Police, submitted to the Mayor and City Council, a 
few days ago, there were more offences against the laws com- 
niitted in this city in the year 1872, than ever known in any 
year before, and probably more than in all t lie years put 
together from the arrival of the 1'ioneers to the completion of 
the Pacific Railroad. Litigation has also increased in a cor- 
responding degree, and where there was one lawyer in this city 
formerly there an: now ten or fifteen. This is what might be 
expected, but perhaps no greater proof could be mentioned, of 



the increase of corruption and evil in any community than the 
increase in number of those who prosper thereby. 

Other evils of a social, and moral, or rather of au immoral, 
nature might be referred to, which now mar the face of society 
here, and show, that at least in some of our chief cities, the 
practices and evils which flourish and contaminate society in 
the Christian world, are finding a foothold in Salt Lake. 

We might, but do not consider it necessary, quote circum- 
stances which would show that the railroad and the mines have 
not been the only causes which have operated to produce here 
the undesirable changes that we have mentioned. They have 
done their part; but the history of the Territory, for the past 
three or four years, proves beyond dispute that evil and crime 
have been increased by the encouragement given to their per- 
petrators, by officials, inspired and actuated by hate of the 
"Mormon" people, whose sole business it ought to be, for it is 
what they are sworn to do and what they are paid for, to check 
crime and punish those who commit it. But without occupying 
your time, or our space with further reference to these men, we 
will close by asking you, young readers, which of the two states 
of society you think most healthful or most desirable, the one 
in which the tastes of the people are frugal and simple, their 
habits economical, their practices virtuous, and they living 
together in unity and harmony; or the one in which a love of 
fashion is very general, extravagant and luxurious tastes cul- 
tivated, the practices of numbers, some professing to be Saints, 
lax and marked by impropriety, while intemperance and 
kindred vices are unblushingly indulged in by many, not pro- 
fessing to be Saints, it is true, but Saints have to associate more 
or less with the evildoers referred to, and the influence of their 
evil examples are seen and felt on every hand? The state of 
society first mentioned is that which prevailed over the whole 
of this Territory a few years ago — the result of the rule and 
administration of the Priesthood; the latter is the one which is 
growing in some parts now under the influence of 19th-century 
progress aud civilization. 

In future numbers we shall endeavor to show, in the '' Edi- 
torial Thoughts" that while the prevalence of evils we have 
referred to, looking at it superficially is much to be deplored, 
yet it is permitted in the providences of God to bring 
about a portion of his own plans. j,We shall also make 
an effort to show the effects, of the influences now operating, 
upon the young, and the duty of their parents and Sunday 
school teachers to adopt measures to shield them from the con- 
tamination to which they are exposed. 



[ 'or the Juveni'e Instruct r. 

TO 2&1T DAUGHTER 
A1T1TIE. 



My dear little daughter, your letter to rao 

Made me as happy, as happy could'bc, 

And us I mi folded the neat little sheet 

The scent of. the rose leaves you sent were so sweet, 

The}' were sent I presume a token to prove 

The faithful endurance of my Annie'H love. 

A more fitting emblem you could not have sent 

Than those fragrant leaves, 3'ou choose to present; 

The (lowers were dead, hut their fragrance remained; 

Though plucked from the stem they their beauty retained, 

Thus Bhowlng that father though absent from home, 

His presence thus lost, yet the love was not gone. 

And I It 11s 'tis with me, though my Annie's not hero 

You .still in my memory are ever 118 dear 

As when I was home, and you stood at the gate 

And gazed up the street, when you thought I was late, 

And ran out to meet me, and told me you know 

As you kissed my hand — "Oh, I J a ! I do love you so." 

And as the sweet rose leavCB their odors Impart 

They bring this remembrance so dear to my heart, 

Of Annie's and Tenie's and Albert's love too, 

Three BWect little loves I am thinking, don't you ? 

And I waft you a blessing back over the sea, 

For you know I love Annie, aud Annie loves mc. S. S. J 





JTJTB^TILE INSTRTJCTOB, 



13 




t h: e rack, 




WE are going to tell you something in this number about the 
rack — one of the most terrible instruments of torture ever 
invented, or used by man to make his fellow man mourn. You 
see that the outline of this instrument represented in the pic- 
ture, is something like a door frame. A short distance from 
each end of the frame is a movable roller which is turned 
by means of a lever in the hands of the torturers or exe- 
cutioners. On each of the rollers two ropes are fastened, 
the other ends of which are tied round the wrists and ankles of 
the condemned. This forces him to lie down, and he is then 
ready for the torture, which is caused by turning the rollers, 
each turn straining the joints and limbs of the sufferer, and 
causing an increase of agony. 

The rack has been invented for a long period of time, but by 
whom we can not tell you; we do not think the inventor's name 
is known, and if it were it would not be likely to be honored 
much, for only the benefactors of men are deserving of men's 
honor and respect. We do not believe that this abominable 
instrument is used 
anywhere in the 
world now; it used 
to be a good deal 
in some of the na- 
tions of southern 
Europe to put 
criminals to death. 
One was made in 
England in the 
reign of Henry the 
Sixth, in the 15th 
century. It is now 
to be seen in the 
Tower of London. 
The most terrible 
instance of the ex- 
ecution of a crim- 
inal on the rack is 
that of Ravillac, 
the man who killed 
Henry the Fourth 
of France while 
the latter was rid- 
ing in his carriage 
in the streets of 
Paris. This mur- 
der was committed 
in the year 1610, 
the murderer stick- 
ing a knife into the 
king's heart. For this crime he was condemned to death by the 
rack, accompanied by the most brutal and savage tortures that, 
perhaps, any man ever endured. In his right, hand was fastened 
the knife with which he did the murder, both hand and knife 
being then burned in a slow fire. After this, pieces of flesh 
were torn from the tenderest parts of his body with red hot 
pincers, and into the wounds thus made, melted lead, oil, pitch 
and rosin were poured. The victim, beiug a very strong man, 
was enabled to bear all this and still live. His body was then 
bound to the rack, which was so made that it could be worked 
by horses, and four of these animals being attached to it, they 
were whipped in opposite directions, until the body of Ravillac 
was torn asunder. Could anything be more horrible? The 
crime which he had committed was of a diabolical character, 
but the punishment awarded was what might have been expect- 
ed only from the very worst kind of savages, and not from a 
great civilized nation. But the Franco of the 17th century and 




the France of the 19th are happily very different in these 
respects, and if a modern Ravillac should assassinate ten kings, 
public sentiment to-day, among any civilized people in the 
world would prevent him being subjected to torture beyond 
that of a speedy death by hanging or decapitation. 

Now we must tell you the strangest part of the history of the 
rack. From what you have already read you have learned that 
great criminals were sometimes put to death with it; but it was 
put to a far worse use than this. You read in the last number 
something about the religious persecutions of the Vaudois or 
Waldenses. Well, religious persecutions have taken place in 
many other portions of Europe as well as in the valleys of the 
Alps, nearly all of them having been marked by the most sav- 
age brutality. These European religious wars have nearly all 
been among different sects of those who claimed to be followers 
of Jesus Christ, professors of the Christian religion. "By 
their fruits ye shall know them" said Jesus, and judging them 
by this standard, they certainly had not the least claim to be 

considered Chris- 
tians. The Author 
of the Christian 
religion is very 
properly called the 
Prince of Peace. 
At His birth the 
angels sang ''Peace 
on earth, and good 
will to men." 
During His earthly 
mission His great 
object was to 
spread peace a- 
mong men, and to 
induce them to let 
its principles have 
full influence over 
their hearts and 
actions; yet in 
the face of His 
recorded teach- 
ings, so plain that 
they could not 
be misunderstood, 
those who claimed 
in past ages to be 
the most valiant 
defenders of His 
gospel and truth 
often took each 
others' lives, and inflicted upon each other the most horrid 
cruelties. One of the favorite instruments used by some of 
these false Christians was the rack, and many poor souls, who, 
like the Vaudois, would not believe as they were told to by 
those claiming to be Christ's servants and ministers, but would 
use their own judgment and reason as to the proper way of 
worshipping and serving God, have been confined in prison, 
and then punished with the torture of the rack, to make them 
confess sins which their cruel persecutors believed them to be 
guilty of, or to punish them after having confessed. 

Happily, the rack has long since gone out of use, but the 
inconsistencies aud intolerance of those calling themselves the 
followers of Christ still exist, though manifested in a different 
way. We still hear of Christian nations going to war with and 
slaughtering each other by thousands, each praying to the same 
God for victory. This is one among the glaring inconsistencies 
of which Christians, or so-called Christian nations are guilty. 





CTTTVIEIDTIILjIE I1TSTBTJOTOR. 




What a different state of things we should behold if their pro- 
fessions of Christianity were sincere ! Then ambition and all 
the baser passions by 'which they are now actuate d would be 
overcome,, and all Christians, no matter what their nationality, 
would be brothers, and would dwell in harmony. 

To prove that the intolerant spirit which animated the pro- 
fessors of Christianity ages ago still exists, we need only refer 
to the history of our own Church. The Latter-day Saints, like 
the Waldenses of Italy, have claimed the right to worship God 
according to their owu notions, and for doing so, even in this 
age, which boasts so much of its enlightenment aud progress, 
they have, during the last forty years, endured the bitterest 
persecutions, and hundreds, perhaps thousands, have lost their 
lives; aud the crusade still continues. True, the rajk has dis- 
appeared, but the hate felt for Truth, pure and undefiled, by 
the adherents of the bogus Christianity which has so long cursed 
the world, still lives and is as vigorous as ever; and its influ- 
ence will cause the righteous to suffer more or less, until the 
time when tha Prince of Peace shall be Lord of all men's 
hearts, and the principles He taught shall be universally hon- 
ored and practiced. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

(Sttmfefey of €om.moa ?ETiitu\$* 



ELEMEITTS. 




G1REAT strides are being made by means of the spectroscope 
S in acquiring knowledge pertaining to the elements, although 
no new elements of any importance have been discovered since 
the names and nature of the elements were described to our 
young readers. An idea may be formed of the principle upon 
which such bodies are analyzed by means of the above instru- 
ment, by noticing the colors emitted by burning bodies. The 
word spectroscope is compounded of two words that mean 
"images" and "to see." When different gases are enclosed in 
sealed tubes in such a manner that they cannot be burned 
(oxydized), they may be raised to a state of incandescence, that 
is, they may be made red hot, or white hot, or any other color 
they are capable of manifesting. It is usual to test gases thus 
enclosed by means of an electric coil; we have read about the 
intense heat that may be evolved by this means. When hydro- 
gen is thus treated a fine ruby red light is seen, nitrogen 
exhibits a magnificent violet light, oxygen a greenish white, 
sulphurous acid, blue; carbonic acid, violet etc. Now it is 
fuuud that when elements are mixed as well as when simple, 
their spectra may be examined and the nature of the gases they 
consist of determined. In this way some new metals (ele- 
ments) have been discovered by chemists, but they are merely 
regarded as chemical curiosities at present. 

The word clement means a body that cannot by any known 
means be made into something else by decomposition, chemists 
do not assert that no such change is possible, but simply that 
no such change is proved. For instance, iron heated in any 
way, either mechanically or chemically, continues to be iron; 
pulverize it, scatter it to the winds, dissolve it, burn it, so that 
its particles are removed as vapor, it is still iron. The same 
may be said of gold, or of any other element, chemists cannot 
take from cither anything different to the element itself. If we 
take the substance known as iron pyrites we may take away 
sulphur and iron remains; it is no longer pyrites, but metallic 
iron and sulphur, two simple, because undecomposablo, elements. 
Take a bar of iron and make it red hot then apply to its burn- 
ing surface a roll of brimstone, immediately chemical union 
takes place, iron pyrites is formed, not crystallized, simply 



because the conditions of formation are not such as are required 
to bring about crystallization. In this case the iron and sulphur 
have changed their form, as elementary bodies they are the same. 

Many of the elements (metals) were known to the ancients. 
Gold, silver, mercury, copper, iron, tin and lead were distin- 
guished by them by the name of some particular planet, with 
which they were supposed to have some mysterious connection. 
In old alchemical works the sign of a planet frequently means 
a metal, probably the meaning was concealed from the untaught 
in alchemy by such contrivances. 

All the elements are either metals or not; some of them are 
gas. The air we breathe is composed of two very abundant 
elements, oxygen and nitrogen; water is composed of oxygen 
and hydrogen, another gas. Carbonic acid gas is formed of 
carbon and oxygen, a gas and a solid mutually dissolved by 
and chemically combined with each other. The changes that 
matter undergoes in passing from one form to another are fre- 
quently as wonderful as those we read of in works of fiction. 
It is impossible to know what will take place with certainty 
when elements or compounds are brought together and again 
re-combined, unless we have been informed, either by our own 
experience or that of others. 

It is well to get by heart the names of the most important 
elements, their signs and equivalent values, they may be found 
in any of the numerous works on elementary chemistry. The 
use of the equivalents cannot be over estimated as they are 
based on the now well known law of chemical proportion. 
When we see oxygen, 0, 8, hydrogen, H, 1, carbon, C, 6, 
nitrogen, N, 14, etc., as we see in the table of chemical equiva- 
lents, we have only to memorize the most important to enable 
us to become acquainted with the most important chemical 
compounds, for they are compounded of these. For example, 
in a chemical table we may see the elements of which water is 
composed aud the proportions in which they are combined to 
form that substance known as water, the symbol of which is 
H 0. The atomic weight or equivalent of H is 1, that of 
is 8. When we read the symbol with reference to its icciyht 
we see that water is 9; 1 plus 8. This means that 1 of hydrogen 
combines with 8 of oxygen, one pound of hydrogen combines 
with 8 pounds of oxygen to form 9 pounds of water. Beth. 



A1TEODOTES OIF HORSES_ 
(Concluded.) 



THE following is a strange instance of affection between a 
pony and a lamb, the property of a man named Thomas 
Kae, a blacksmith, living in an English village, Mr. Bae pur- 
chased the lamb from a drover passing along with a flock. He 
put it into a field in which were a cow and a white pony. The 
lamb soon took a great fancy for the pony, and the latter show- 
ed equal fondness for the lamb, and no matter where the former 
went or what work he was doing the lamb would follow him 
unless prevented by force, and then it would bleat and cry 
piteously. When the pony was stabled for the night, the lamb 
would lie at his head under the manger. The way in which 
they showed their fondness for each other was so umnistake- 
able that persons would sometkues gather round them to wit- 
ness it. On such occasions the lamb would seek shelter under 
the pony's belly, and would take a peep now and then by pop- 
ping his head out between the fore or hind legs of his compauion 
and friend. 

Stranger than the above, is an instance, given on good 
authority, of a fondness which grew up between a horse and a 
hen. They spent most of their time in an orchard, of which 
they were the ouly occupants. By degrees they began to show 
a liking for each other, aud the hen would go near the horse, 
and "cluck" in a very pleased and satisfied manner, at the same 
tjmc rubbing against his legs. The horse seemed to understand 





j"cr V is nsr i l e instructor. 



15 





the liking of the hen, and to return it, for he 'would move his 
feet very cautiously lest he should tread on her. 

Dr. Smith, of the militia of Queen's County, Ireland, had a 
horse and a Newfoundland dog, between which very great 
affection existed. The dog's name was Csesar, and both dog 
and horse were very intelligent. The doctor used to ride the 
horse when visiting his patients, and on dismounting near the 
door of a house he was about to enter, he would place the 
horse's bridle in Csesar's mouth, and iu the most crowded parts 
of a city, dog and horse would quietly await the doctor's return. 
If he had to visit another patient a few doors off he would walk, 
and calling to his dog he would follow, leading the horse by the 
bridle as far as the door of the house their master had entered, 
where they would remain until his return. Sometimes the 
doctor would go to the stable and placing the bridle on the 
horse, he would put the reins in the mouth of the dog and tell 
him to take the horse to water. Both dog and horse would 
understand, and away they would go, playing and gambolling 
with each other to a stream about three hundred yards away; 
and after the horse had drunk they would return in the same 
playful manner to the stable. 

The excellent memory and great sagacity of the horse are 
well shown in the following : A draught horse belonging to a 
Mr. Leggat, of Glasgow, had been several times cured of the 
bots, by a farrier named Downie, to whose place of business the 
animal had been taken to be treated. He had not been 
afflicted for some time, but the disease again made its appear- 
ance, and unattended the horse one day, in the temporary 
absence of his driver, left his work and went a distance of more 
thau a mile to the iarrier's shop. The doctor knew the horse 
and thinking that he might again be in need of treatment, 
he had him unhitched, when the animal lay down and did all 
he could to show that he was suffering. The help he needed 
was given to him, and he was sent home to his master. 

Many more anecdotes equally as strange as any of the pre- 
ceding might be quoted, showing that the horse is one of the 
most intelligent and kuowing animals in the brute creation; 
that he is grateful, affectionate and docile, revengeful, cruel or 
obstinate, according to circumstances, taken in connection with 
his natural disposition and the education and treatment he 
receives; but as all this has been illustrated in the anecdotes 
already given, we shall finish with the following amusing and 
wonderful account of the sagacity of an ass, given in a work 
published in the 16th century, which the writer says he saw 
while travelling in Egypt : 

" When the Mohammedan worship is over, the common peo- 
ple of Cairo resort to that part of the suburbs called Bed-EUoch, 
to see the exhibition of stage-players and mountebanks, who 
teach camels, asses, and dogs to dance. The dancing of the ass 
is diverting enough; for after he has frisked and capered about, 
his master tells him that the sultan, meaning to build a great 
palace, intends to employ all the asses in carrying mortar, 
stones, and other materials; upon which the ass falls down with 
his heels upwards, closing his eyes, and extending his chest, as 
if he were dead. The ass lies in the same posture, not- 
withstanding many blows; till at last his master proclaims, 
by virtue of an edict of the sultan, all are bound to ride 
out next day upon the comeliest asses they can find, in order to 
see a triumphal show, and to entertain their asses with oats and 
Nile water. These words are no sooner pronounced, than the 
ass starts up, prances, and leaps for joy. The master then 
declares that his ass has been pitched upon by the warden of 
his street to carry his deformed and ugly wife; upon which the 
ass lowers his ears, and limps with one of his hind legs, as if 
he were lame. The master alleging that his ass admires hand- 
some women, commands him to single out the prettiest lady in 
the company; and accordingly he makes his choice, by going 
round and touching one of the prettiest with his head, to the 
great amusement of the spectators." 



QUESTIONS JLILTID .A-IN"- 

sw:e]:r,s 03sr tikie book 
oif ivcoi^ivcozsr, 

CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 
(Continued.) 



1ESSON XI. 

Q— What did Lclii do previous to his death ? 

A.— He called all his household together and all the merahers of his. 
company, and gave each of them a charge to keep the commandments 
of God, and to be guided by the counsels of Nephi. 

Q.— Did they, after his death, obey his counsels ? 

A— No; they were angry with Nephi and they sought to take his 
life. 

Q— Who did this ? 

A. — Laman and Lemuel and the sons of Ishmael. 

Q. — Whatwas the pretended cause for seeking to take Nephi's life? 

A. — Because they said he was their younger brother and wanted to 
rule over them-, and they claimed that it belonged to them, the elder 
brothers, to be the rulers. 

Q.— What was Nephi told to do? 

A. — He was warned of the Lord to depart from them and flee into 
the wilderness. 

Q.— Did he go alone ? 

-A-- — No; he. took his family, his brother Sam and his family, Zoram 
and his family, his brothers Jacob and Joseph and also his sisters. 

Q.— In what did they differ from the rest of the company ? 

A. — They believed in the warnings and revelations of God. 

Q.— Under what law did they live ? 

A. — The law of Moses. 

Q- — What did they call the land to which they journeyed ? 

A.- — Nephi. 

Q.— What did they call themselves ? 

A. — The people of Nephi. 

Q. — What did they raise ? 

A.— Grain in great abundance, flocks and herds, and animals of 
every kind, 

Q. — Who kept the records and the compass and the sword of Laban? 

A. — Nephi. 

LESSON XII. 

Q. — What were the other people called who stayed with Laman and 
Lemuel and the sons of Ishmael ? 

A. — They were called Lamanites. 

Q. — Did they have good feelings towards the Nephites ? 

A.— No; they hated them and desired to destroy them. 

Q. — What did Nephi do to arm his people ? 

A. — He made swords for them like the s,word of Laban, 

Q. — What kind of work did he teach his people to do ? 

A. — To build buildings, to work in wood, iron, copper, brass, steel, 
gold, silver and other metals. 

Q. — What kind of a building did he erect? 

A. — A temple, after the manner of Solomon's. 

Q. — Were Ihere as many precious things in it as in Solomon's ? 

A. — No; they could not be found upon the land; but it was con- 
structed like Solomon's. 

Q. — What eurse came upon the Lamanites ? 

A. — A skin of blackness. 

Q. — What kind of a people did they become ? 

A. — An idle people, full of mischief and subtlety. 

Q.— How did they live ? 

A. — By killing beasts of prey. 

Q. — Do you know any people who live like this ? 

A. — Tes; the Indians. 

Q. — Who are the Indians ? 

A. — They are Lamanites. 

Q._What did the Lord say to Nephi concerning the Lamanites ? 

A.— That they should be a scourge unto his seed to stir them up in 
remembrance of the Lord. 

Q. — What more did He say concerning them ? 

A.— That if his (Nephi's) descendants did not hearken unto His 
words the Lamanites should scourge them until they destroyed them. 

Q.— Did the Lamanites and Nephites live long in the promised land 
without wars ? 

A. — No; forty years had not passed until wars and contentions had 
begun to take place between them. 

(lo be continued.) 





16 



JUYE1TILE IFSTRTJOTOB. 




QUESTIONS J^l^TD ^UsT- 

SWERS OlST THE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 




LESSON IX. 

Subject— Abram Kescues Lot and Pays Tithes. 

Q. — Row many kimrs went to battle ? 

A. — Four against five — nine in all. 

Q. — Where was the battle fought ? 

A. — In the vale of Siddim. 

Q. — What kings fled and fell in the slimcpits ? 

A. — The kings of Sodom and Gomorrah. 

Q. — Who was taken captive ? 

A. — Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom 

Q. — What did Abram do when he heard this ? 

A. — He armed his trained servants and pursued the enemy. 

Q. — What success did Abram have? 

A. — He smote the enemy and brought back Lot, and his family, 
and all the goods that were taken. 

Q. — Who eame out to meet Abram ? 

A.— The King of Sodom. 

Q. — Who else came to meet him ? 

A. — Melchizedek, King of Salem. 

0. — What did Melchizedek bring with him '! 

A. — Bread and wine. 

Q. — What was Melchizedek besides being King of Salem ? 

A.— He was a priest of the most high God. 

(I. — What did Melchizedek do to Abram ? 

A. — He blessed bim. 

Q,— What did Abram do? 

A. — ne gave Melchizedek tithes of all. 

Q. — What reply did Abram make when the King of Sodom wished 
him to keep the rest of the goods ? 

A. — That he would not take the least tiling, lest the King of Sodom 
should say he had made Abram rich. 

lesson x. 
Subject — Abraham Entertaining the Lord, etc. 

Q. — What was the name of Abram's wives? 

A. — Saraiand Hagar. 

Q. — Who was Hagar? 

A.- Sarai's handmaid. 

H. — What was the name of Hagar's son ? 

A. — Ishmacl. 

Q. — What name was given to Abram? 

A. — Abraham. 

Q.— Why did the Lord call him Abraham? 

A. — Because He would make him father of many nations. 

Q- — What name was given to 8aral? 

A. — Sarah. 

Q. — Who appeared to Abraham as he sat at his tent door? 

A. — The Lord, and three men? 

Q. — What did Abraham say unto them ? 

A. — He invited them to stay to have their feet washed, to rest 
under the tree, and to partake of his hospitality, 

(I. — What did Sarah make for them ? 

A. — She made cakes upon the hearth. 

Q. — What animal did Abraham get from the herd ? 

A — A calf, tender and good. 

Q. — Who did Abraham u'ive the calf to? 

A. — A youni: man, who hasted to dress it. 

<i- — What beside the cakes and calf did Abraham set before his 
guest ? 

A. — Butter and milk. 

Q. — What promise did the Lord make to Sarah ? 

A. — That she should have a son. 

Q. — What did the Lord make known to Abraham ? 

A. — That He was about to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah tecnuse 
of their great sins. 

Q. — Did Abraham Intercede with the Lord in their l>ehalf? 

A.— Yes; and the Lord finally promised not to destroy Sodcm If 
there should 1« found ten righteous men In the city. 
(To be continued.) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



ocmjtott&tttr** 



The following letter from President George A. Smith to his 
daughter, in this city, which has been kindly furnished for 
publication in the Juvenile Instructor, -will be interesting 
to our readers : 

" Brussels, Belgium, Dec. 10th, i8T2. 

"We started this morning from our hotel, eight of us, in an omnibus, 
and drove through a considerable portion of the beautiful city of 
Brussels and its environs. We entered what is here termed a wood. 
About one half of the country is under cultivation, the remainder is 
covered with treeR, much resembling the tall forest trees in the 
northern part of the State of Ohio. The open ground, except some 
newly plowed fields, was all green — thousands of acres, covered with 
turnips, cabbage, kale and other vegetables. We saw women carrying 
large bundles of wood on their heads — one drawing a huge load of 
brush on a cart. Several others were guiding dogs that were attached 
to and drawing loaded carts. Our coachman called at an inn by the 
way, saying he wanted to feed his horses and give them some water. 
The food was slices of brown, coarse bread, which we tasted and pro- 
nounced tolerably good. 

" Soon after 13 o'clock we arrived at the battle field of Waterloo, 
where was fought on the ISth of June, 1815, one of the most sanguin- 
ary battles recorded in history. About one hundred and fifty 
thousand men were engaged for about ten hours in destroying each 
other. They covered the country for miles with their dead, dying and 
wounded — -both men and horses. It is said that more then thirty-five 
thousand men died on the field, and many died afterwards of their 
wounds. All of the privates who were killed in battle were buried 
where they fell — friends and foes, French, English, Dutch and Ger- 
mans, who had slain each other, were mixed indiscriminately, and 
the fields where they lay are now cultivated, and we walked over 
them. On the spot where the Prince of Orange was wounded, in lair 
view of a large portion of the battle field, the Dutch government has 
erected a mound of earth, two hundred and forty feet high, on the 
top of which is a lion made of cast iron, cast in six parts, and weigh- 
ing forty-eight thousand pounds. This lion is placed in a position 
which represents it looking toward France, which gives offence to 
many of the French people. 

"The view, from this bight, of the battle field and its surroundings, 
is truly grand and beautiful; we enjoyed it much although while Ihere 
we were exposed to a pelting rain. While contemplating this scene, 
and the melancholy circumstances connected with it, my thoughts 
reverted to a saying of Pri sident Joseph Smith, while on an ancient 
Lamanite battle field, in Clark Co. Ohio, in 1334. "When a man of 
God is in a place where much blood has been shed, he will feel lone- 
some and depressed in spirits. This spot has been an ancient battle 
field, I know by my feelings." In a few moments we came to an 
Immense mound of earth, sixty feet high — covering an acre of ground. 
This monnd contained many human bones, and was, doubtless, like 
the Dutch monument of Waterloo, erected to perpetuate the memory 
and also to bury the dead of a great battle. 

"Our party consists of myself, Lorenzo Snow, Eliza R. Snow, 
Feramorz Little, Clara Little, l'aul A. Schettler, George Dun ford 
and Thomas Jennings. 

" I should have said that while we were walking over the ground on 
which the battle of Waterloo was fought, Thomas Jennings picked 
up a bullet which was lying on newly ploughed land, which is a 
genuine relic of the battle. 

" Your loving father, 

Geo. A. Smith." 



JUVB1TILE INSTZEryrjCTOIR, 

Is pub'i.shed in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 



EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

**- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will b> 
leceivedat the office of our paper— Deseret News Buildings. 




