i0> .©jr. . . if 









VOL. 7 SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1872. 



NO. 3. 



T BE B T O W E B, OF B .A B IE L 



THE engraving which accompanies this sketch is an iruagiuary 
one of the Tower of Babel, a structure of which very little 
is known, it being so ancient that no reliable records are in 
existence concerning it. The eleventh chapter of Genesis con- 
tains a few verses about this Tower, and from the account found 
there it may be reckoned as about the most remarkable monu- 
ment of human folly ever attempted. The Bible says : 



heaven. The good book further says that the Almighty, seeing 
that nothing else could prevent the accomplishment of their 
design, confounded their speech, or, to simplify the matter by 
a miracle changed their language so that they could no longer 
understand each other. This stopped the progress of their 
great undertaking, and it was abandoned. 
This is about all that sacred history tells of the building of 




"And they said one to another, 'Go to, let us make brick, and 
burn them thoroughly.' And they had brick for stone, and slime 
had they for mortar. 

"And they said, 'Go to, let us build up a city and a tower, 
whose top may reach unto heaven ; and let us make us a name, 
lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.' " 

The people who had assembled at Shinar were all of one 
language, and they commenced the building of the tower for the 
purpose, we are informed in the above verses, of reaching up to 



the Tower of Babel ; and as the date of the work is so far 
back, something like four thousand years, the records of history, 
outside the Bible, fail to furnish any reliable information in 
regard to it. 

It is believed that the Tower of Babel stood near the ancient 
city of Babel or Babylon, founded by Nimrod, the mighty 
hunter mentioned in tho Bible ; but nothing can be told with 
certainty in relation to its form and size, as all vestiges of the 
building have disappeared. 



j) 






& 



18 



J" TJ "V IE IsT I !_. B IHSTBTJOTOR. 



rpd 



Various guesses as to the purposes for -which this building 
■was commenced have been attempted by historians. The 
sacred volume says its builders designed to continue the work 
until it reached heaven ; but why they desired to reach heaven 
by such means, we are not informed. It is believed to have 
been the first great work attemped by the human race after the 
Flood, and some historians imagine that it was intended as a 
place of refuge in or on which all the people, in case of another 
flood, might find safety beyond the highest point of the rising 
waters. 

Others have conjectured that, as the inhabitants of Babel 
were worshippers of Baal, or of the celestial bodies, that is the 
sun, moon and stars, the erection of this tower was intended to 
enable them to reach their gods. But whatever might have 
been the real purpose of the people in commencing the Tower 
of Babel, it can now never be known or decided by man, and 
as it was thwarted by the Almighty, we may reasonably sup- 
pose that the purpose of its erection was wicked, and opposed 
to His purposes. 

But the builders of the tower, as well as the remains of their 
mighty undertaking have entirely disappeared, destroyed by 
Time, the great leveler of everything earthly; and, saving the 
few verses in the Bible, nothing but the misty traditions of 
times preceding those referred to in the earliest records of authen- 
tic history, are left to indicate that the Tower of Babel, or its 
builders ever existed. 



[For the Juvenile Imtruclor. 

Hjgeml$1t?y at §mnnmi ®Ttittp. 



% 



TEIGITT-1TO. 2. 



HEAT may also be developed by percussion, or striking, as 
well as by friction, which is a kind of percussion ; a few 
blows on a nail, struck with a hammer upon an anvil, elevate 
the temperature sufficiently to ignite a match. The old-fashioned 
matches were merely dipped in sulphur, to inflame which a 
spark was obtained by striking a flint upon steel so that the 
spark should fall upon the tinder which it ignited. Savages 
til 'tain fire by rubbing certain hard, dry woods together. The 
friction of wheels has been known to set fire to them ; our 
modern matches require but little friction to inflame them. 
But fa- domestic purposes we obtain heat and artificial light by 
the use of fuel. 

The substances most commonly used to obtain light and heat 
contain hydrogen, carbon, sulphur or phosphorus; combustion 
takes place in the atmosphere because oxygen is present. The 
two first named elements are associated in variable proportions 
with coal, wood, coal-nil and gas. Chemists have proved that 
hydrogen and carbon, weight for weight, consume the largest 
amount of oxygen when completely burned, and that hydrogen 
has three times the heating power of carbon. 

This is the cause of the intense heat of the oxy-hydrogen 
blow-pipe an apparatus that may now be seen in this city; 
when ili,. ]„. ;l t generated by it is absorbed into the infusible sub- 
Btance lime, such is the vividness of the light produced that it 
rivals that of the sun itself, both in intensity and in chemical 
power. 

But the heat of the electric flame far exceeds that produced 
by any known methods of combustion; the concentration of the 
light of the sun through a powerful lens is alike energetic. 

As to the phenomena of flame when fuel is burned, these arc 
caused by the combustion of volatile or gaseous matter emanat- 



ing from the heated solid, the more volatile the substance the 
greater the amount of flame. While upon the nature of flame 
it is well to notice that the flame of bodies burning in air is 
only luminous on the surface, just at that point the heated gases 
are in contact with oxygen where perfect combustion is possible 
and light is the result. 

It appears from the researches of eminent chemist's that 
''oxygen in combining with hydrogen, charcoal, alcohol and 
ether, evolves heat in proportion to the oxygen consumed." 
That is, whatever may be the fuel used if the same quantity of 
oxygen is consumed the same amount of heat is evolved. This 
gives us a clear idea of the chemistry of fuel, to produce an 
intense heat the object is to consume as much oxygen as possi- 
ble with the least possible quantity of fuel. The common 
impression that dry wood gives more heat than wet wood of 
the same kind is not chemically correct, the heat produced by 
combustion is the same, the same quantity of carbon and hydro- 
gen is combined with oxygen, but the heat is dissipated with 
the vapor that it develops and is lost. It is the constitu- 
ents of the fuel that determiue its heating properties; it is 
found that hydrogen consumes the largest quantity of oxygen, 
therefore it has the highest heating power. A pound of hydro- 
gen consumes eight pounds of oxygen and requires forty pounds 
of air to satisfy it. A pound of carbon consumes only two and 
two-thirds pounds of ox3 r gen. We may now see the reason 
why the heat of the oxy-hydrogen blow-pipe is one of the 
highest sources of heat known. 

Bodies that are capable of being burned are called "com- 
bustibles,", bodies that chemically combine with them in 
burning are called "supporters of combustion," such as 0X3'gen, 
chlorine and bromine. Chemist's define the action of bodies 
upon each other in burning as "reciprocal," that is the "com- 
bustible" and the "supporter of combustion" are each consumed. 
This is seen by the burning of a jet of oxygen in an 
atmosphere of coal-gas, it shows just the same as a jet of 
coal-gas does in oxygeu, the same quantity of heat and light is 
evolved, and the same products remain viz., carbonic acid gas, 
and water. 

As to the source of heat and electricity, it is the sun and 
other luminous bodies among which the earth moves. Light, 
heat and actinic force is continually falling upon the earth. 
Vegetation is, in the bulk, carbon and hydrogen consolidated, 
elaborated from the fluids and gases of the earth by heat-force 
and electricity, and colored by the chemistry of light. As to 
the vast depositories of heat-force that exist in the electric 
currents, that are constantly circulating over the face of the 
whole earth, we know not what they are, except by their effects. 
We cannot move matter of any kind either chemically or 
mechanically without disturbing those currents, we know that 
heat, light and actinic force may be developed by them. 
Whether man will ever be able to obtain his supplies of light 
and heat from these inexhaustible resources remains to be seen 
when circumstances shall make such a thing necessary. This 
much is known : chemical force produces electricity, as when the 
battery develops it; electricity may produce a vivid light, or heat 
a wire, or magnetize a bar of iron. It is known also that heat 
develops electricity and that electricity so produced may cause 
chemical action ; that chemical force may re-appear as heat, as it 
does in all cases of combustion. And as all these conditions are 
known to result from the action of the solar rays, we may rea- 
sonably conclude that these various phenomena are only different 
forms of the same universal force that was called into action 
when the fiat went forth "let there be light, and there was 
light." Beth. 



Happiness and pride are absolutely imcompatible. Continual 
vexations, fancied slights, and injuries, provoke and wound the 
self-sufficient mind. 



r* 



& 



J- TJ "V E3 IT I !_. E3 UsTSTRTJCTOB. 



:E3I T S T O IR, Y O IF TIHIIE 

OHTJBO HI- 
(Con£mwe<2.) 



ALMOST every hour now brought news to Nauvoo of new 
and cruel depredations by the lawless and blood-thirsty 
mob in the suffering districts. The postmasters of Warsaw 
and Carthage and the treasurer and- assessor of Hancock 
county living at Carthage, were driven from their homes by 
force of arms, the first having but half a minute's time allowed 
him to prepare to leave. These men were not members of the 
Church, but the rioters were displeased with them because 
they were opposed to the mobocratic spirit. They were men 
of good character, and had, up to the time the persecutions 
commenced, been generally respected by all classes. A 
spirit of desperation and frenzy seemed to have taken posses- 
sion of a great portion of the people known as anti-Mormons, 
and they would scarcely hesitate at committing any act of 
outrage, to wreak vengeance on the Latter-day Saints and effect 
their wicked ends. That the deeds they were committing 
were unlawful, they well knew, and hence they tried to elude 
detection in most instances. Generally, when engaged in 
house-burning, they kept horses stationed close at hand, on 
which they could make their escape if necessary. 

When Sheriff Backenstos had seen his family safely started 
for Nauvoo, he and his small force of men proceeded towards 
Warsaw, but learning on the road that the mob were engaged 
in burning houses at a place known as Bear Creek, they 
directed their course towards where they saw the smoke arising. 
On nearing the scene of burning, the Sheriff's party divided, 
and attempted to surround the men engaged in the work of 
destruction, but in doing so they were discovered by the latter, 
who made off as fast as their horses could carry them. The 
Sheriff gave his men orders to pursue and arrest them if possi- 
ble, and if they would not submit to arrest, to fire upon them. 
His orders were obeyed, and the result was, that two of the 
fleeing party were killed and others thought to be wounded. 

This was, as stated in a proclamation by the Sheriff of the 
county, the first effort at open resistance to mob violence in that 
section. It now became apparent that a united effort must be 
made by the peaceable citizens at quelling those who seemed so 
determined on the destruction of life and property. The mob 
were reported iu large bodies in different parts, and very 
threatening. 

The Sheriff raised a company of two hundred men and again 
set out for the south-western part of the couuty, which had up 
to this time suffered most heavily from mob violence. When 
out about six miles from Nauvoo he sent back to that place for 
a heavy reinforcement of men and two cannons, and stated 
that he wished to attack the mob in their stronghold, and pre- 
vent their crossing the river by stationing men at the crossings. 
President Young immediately wrote to him, remonstrating 
against the course he was about to pursue, and advised him 
not to attempt to prevent them from crossing the river, nor 
hem them in there and compel them to fight, as it would doubt- 
less result in much bloodshed, but instead, to allow them to 
cross the river to Missouri if. they wished to, and then, by 
placing men at the passes of the river, prevent their return. 

Several small parties were sent from Nauvoo to different 
parts of the county to protect isolated places, and in the mean- 
time an answer from the Sheriff was awaited. All public 
work in Nauvoo was now suspended, except the building of 
the Temple, which President Young was determined should 
not cease, even though, as he stated, the workmen should find 
it necessary to carry the sword in one hand while they worked 
with the other. It had been decided that a cannon should be 
fired in Nauvoo, as a signal for the assembling of the citizens 
in case of emergency, and all possibe preparations were made 




1 by the people for the protection of themselves and their friends 
in the surrounding districts. President Young instructed them 
in their duties, and urged them not to molest the property of 
the mobbers, in case they should run away and leave their 
homes. 

At the time when the call for reinforcements was received 
from the Sheriff, the signal gun was fired and the citizens of 
Nauvoo assembled on the square, carrying such fire-arms as 
they happened to have in their possession, and expecting to 
have to march and meet the enemy. The men were reduced in 
strength by sickness and the hardships they had undergone, 
and were not in a fit condition for such service; so it was 
decided that they should remain where they were until further 
orders were received. 

The next news from the Sheriff was to the effect that he had 
concluded to act upon the advice of President Young, and save 
the shedding of blood if possible. He had learned that about 
eight hundred of the mob had fortified themselves in the 
ricinity of Warsaw, near the Mississippi river, who were well 
armed and had one piece of artillery. He now wanted four 
hundred armed men to be sent out in wagons, to assist him. 
In his letter to President Young he asked him to pray that the 
blessings of Heaven might rest upon him and his men in their 
campaign, that their enemies might not fall upon them in am- 
buscade. Mr. Backenstos was not a member of the Church, 
but it was evident from this, that he was not without faith in 
President Young's favor with the Lord. 

The four hundred men called for were sent. The Sheriff 
marched a part of them to Carthage and ordered them to sur- 
round the town, that he might arrest a number of men against 
whom he had writs, for being engaged in the house burning. 
On searching the town, he found that all for whom he held 
writs had fled except one. The Sheriff then addressed a com- 
munication to the mob assembled in the south-western portion 
of the county, commanded by Col. Levi Williams, in which he 
reminded them of the crimes they had committed, called upon 
them to cease their mobbing and burning and deliver themselves 
up into his hands, to be dealt with according to law. He also 
demanded of them the public arms in their possession, and 
stated that he would await a reply, which, if they failed to 
send, their silence would be considered as a refusal, and they 
must suffer the consequences. 



Ashamed to Tell Mother.— Such was a little boy's reply 
to his comrades who were trying to tempt him to do wrong. _ 

" But you need not tell her, no one will know anything 
about it." 

"I would know all about it myself, and I'd feel mighty 
mean if I couldn't tell mother." 

"It's a pity you wasn't a girl. The idea of a boy running 
and telling his mother every little thing 1" 

"You may laugh if you want to," said the noble boy, "but 
I've made up my mind never, as long as I live, to do anything 
I would be ashamed to tell my mother." 

Noble resolve, and one which will make almost any life true 
and useful. Let it be the rule of every boy and girl to do 
nothing of which they would be ashamed to tell mother. 



Do Not Despair. — Boys who lack advantages, or are less 
apt at learning than their fellows, should never despair, for 
among the great men who have lived and made their mark in 
the world, not a few were extremely slow and backward in 
their studies. From history we learn that Alfred the Great 
learned his alphabet at twelve years old ; Dr. Carter began his 
studies at nineteen ; Moliere could barely read or write at four- 
teen • Valerianus learned to read at fifteen ; and Sir Isaac 
Newton, according to his own avowal, was inattentive to study, 
and ranked low in the school till the age of twelve. 





tiiri so 



JTJYE1TILB HTSTBTJCTOR, 



€Jie SitNttit* ittsfettcfotu 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1872. 

EDITOE.IAL THOUGHTS. 





HEEE is an old saying that: "The hoy is 
father to the man," which, in plainer 
f English, means, that whatever disposition 
S ; %s£$l2fs&\*^ or turn of mind crops out of an individual 
' while young, will stick to him more or less 
in advanced life. There is a heap of truth 
in this, and as boys and girls have, to some 
extent, the making or marring of their own 
future welfare, it is an excellent thing to culti- 
vate good habits, and to overcome evil disposi- 
tions while young. This can be done if the 
desire and the determination to do so are there ; 
but if an evil disposition and evil desires are 
cultivated in youth, their possessor, when grown 
to manhood or womanhood, will be very unfor- 
tunate. For the benefit of our young friends, in whose 
welfare we take a very deep interest, regarding them 
•^^S as the framers and moulders of society iu the future, 
y*) we shall lay before them a few reflections, which we 
hope may prove beneficial. 

The boys and girls of to-day will be the men and women and 
the fathers and mothers of the future ; and as the parents of 
the present rising generation are more or less accouutable for 
the virtues and vices of their children, so will the parents of the 
future be accountable for the virtues or vices, for the good or 
the evil qualities of their children. The Scriptures say that a 
good tree can not bring forth corrupt fruit, and it is just as true 
that a corrupt tree can not bring forth good fruit. On the same 
principle it may be said that diseased, or bad people, can not be 
the parents of happy, healthy children. Now, tendencies to 
vice, as well as to disease, can, by a proper course in youth, be 
lessened, or altogether overcome; and as most all the boys and girls 
of the present will, in their turn, become the parents of others, 
they should do their best while young to overcome evil in them- 
selves. If they do this their childreu will have abundant cause 
to bless their memories, and future society will be under great 
obligations to them. On this subject a great deal might be 
said, but we shall dismiss it for the present, by simply touching 
in a few very plain, simple observations upon some points 
respecting habits which young people sometimes unthiukingly 
fall into, and which will injure themselves, and hiuder them 
from being as useful and honorable members of society as they 
otherwise might be. 

To begiu with we will say it is a bad thing to see a boy lazy, 
for as laziness and poverty generally go hand in hand, such a 
boy invariably makes a thriftless, shiftless, worthless man, and 
a bad member of society. 

It is a bad sign to sec a boy given to pilfering, or taking 
trifling things that belong to somebody else ; ten to one such a 
boy, if he reach the age of manhood, will find his way to prison 
or the penitentiary ; and you can already see, that such a man 
is a bad member of society. 

It is a bad sign to see a boy given to telling falsehoods, That 
good book, the Bible, holds out terrible threats of future puuish- 
nient to liars. But without waiting for this, their punishment 
here is bad enough, fur nobody respects or has confidence in lrini 
or her who is known to be guilty of telling lies. No habit 



tab 



acquired in youth is more likely to grow and strengthen with its 
possessor, than that of lying; if unchecked it becomes so 
natural that the liar himself scarcely knows when he is guilty of 
it. Such characters are despised by everybody, even by their 
own class, and you will all at once see that it is impossible for 
them to be good members of society. 

It is very discreditable to him to hear a youth swear, take 
the name of God in vain, or use any vulgar, low, slangy 
expression, and yet many boys are guilty of it; and if they do 
not check it and cease the practice while young it will be diffi- 
cnlt, and next to impossible to do so in mature life. Such a 
boy or man may in many respects be estimable, but a habit of 
this kind will always be disadvantageous, and they who arc 
troubled with it set a bad example, and, of course, might be 
better members of society than they are. 

It is quite common now to see youths indulge in the use of 
tobacco. You may often see them in the streets of Salt Lake 
City, we are sorry to say, not more than fifteen or sixteen years 
old, their faces disfigured with pipe or cigar; and by their 
consequential swagger or strut you might suppose they thought 
themselves more manly through the foul habit. Poor boys, 
how mistaken they are, few things look worse ; and if they 
could only view themselves, even as old smokers view them, 
fewer of them would bo guilty of a habit which is so dirty and 
disgusting, and so injurious to body and mind. 

But bad as the use of tobacco is, there is one that is worse, 
and that is the use of strong drink. There was a time when a 
drinking saloon was not to be found in any city or settlement in 
Utah Territory; but it is very different now, and unfortunately 
some of the youth of Utah are learning to frequent them and to 
like strong drink. There is not any habit more to be 
lamented than this. When a liking for strong drink gains the 
mastery over an individual ho is no more good in life. Thou- 
sands have been ruined and sent to early graves by it who might 
have lived long and been honored and respected had it not been 
for this. The drunkard takes the shortest path to rags, ruin, 
misery and death. While he lives he is a curse to himself, and 
the source of untold misery to his family if he have one. Boys, 
shun this habit as you would a deadly snake, for it is the cause 
of more misery and crime than any other one evil in existence ; 
and its victims are among the very worst members of society. 

We might go on iu this strain for a long time, but it is not 
particularly necessary. We scarcely believe that any of the 
readers of the Juvenile Instructor are guilty of one of the 
bad habits we have named ; if unfortunately there should be 
those who are, or who are iu the least inclined to be, we advise 
them now, at once and for ever, to renounce them, and to culti- 
vate habits that are correct in every particular. Such a course 
in youth will make them useful, honorable and happy in man- 
hood, and prepare them to bear their part in the building up of 
Zion in the future. 

We did intend to say a few words to the girls as well as to 
the boys, for their influence in framing future society on a cor- 
rect basis, and preparing its members to live in happiness and 
harmony, is greater even than that of the boys ; but for fear of 
being tedious we must leave that for some other occasion. 
Enough has been said to show that the virtues or vices of 
those who shall live after us depend, to a great extent, upon our 
labors and efforts. Good, pure, virtuous, houorable society in 
future all depend upon the cultivation of those qualities now ; 
and as none, whether youth or adult, can discharge the duties 
of life as good members of society, and be guilty of any evil, 
we trust that it will be the constant aim of every reader of this 
paper to forsake evil and to cultivate and develop only that 
which is good. If they do their names will be held in honor- 
able remembrance, and their virtues emulated and eclipsed by 
their posterity. 



: A wise son makcth a glad father." 



j£ft 



JTTVIEIIsriLE I1TSTBUCTOB 



21 



til 



T ZHI IE .A. L O IE, 



THE science of botany is a delightful study ; it makes the 
student of it acquainted with the nature and qualities of 
herbs, plants, trees, and everything belonging to the vegetable 
kingdom. It brings him in contact and makes him familiar 
with the form and gradual development of flowers, and cultivates 
within him a love of the beautiful, thus helping to refine, exalt 
and purify his nature, and hence it is a study that can not be 
persevered in without benefit. We present our readers, in this 
number, with the engraving of the American aloe, a simple 
looking plant, but withal a singular, beautiful and useful mem- 
ber of the vegetable hingdom. 

It may be, that our brief sketch of the aloe may help to bring 
out, in some of our readers, a taste for the study of botany. 
We hope it may do so ; for it is a useful as well as a '"delight- 
ful" study, and useful knowledge acquired and retained is better 
than great riches. The aloe is a native of the American tropics 
and there it grows luxuriantly ; in temperate regions, such as 




England, France and some portions of the United States, it is 
cultivated in greenhouses for ornament, it being considered, 
when in bloom, a choice and beautiful exotic. For fear that 
you should not understand the meaning of the word "exotic," 
we will say that it means something that is foreign. Thus, a 
flower that is a native of any country in Europe, if brought to 
this country and planted and cultivated, until it will grow here, 
would be called an "exotic." So much for the explanation. 
Now we will proceed and tell you something more about the 
aloe. 

There is a saying about this plant that it only flowers once in 
a hundred years. This saying is not true, but it is true that an 
aloe plant only flowers once, and then dies. The long stem, 
which you see in the picture, never grows until the bottom of the 
plant is fully matured, that is, until it is full grown, or ripe. 
The length of time required for this ripening process varies very 
much, according to the climate in which the plant is grown. In 
the most favorable climates it ripens in ten years, in the least 
favorable climates it will not mature in less than seventy years. 
When it has attained maturity the slender stem immediately 



begins to shoot_ up, and before it stops it reaches a hight of 
forty feet. This stem grows very straight, and, as you see, 
sends forth numerous branches, in very regular order, the end 
of each being ornamented with a bunch of greenish-yellow 
flowers. These flowers continue in full bloom for several 
months, when the seed they contain are scattered, and the 
plant withers and decays. 

In some of the countries iu which the aloe is indigenous, that 
is, native and grows without cultivation, the people turn it to 
great use._ Of its sap the Blexicans make two kinds of intoxi- 
cating drink. The fibres of the leaves are used as a coarse 
kind of sewing thread ; the dried stems of the flowers make a 
splendid thatch, or covering for the roofs of dwellings, render- 
ing them completely waterproof. An extract is made from the 
leaves of the plant, which is formed into balls, and answers the 
same purposes as soap. The juice of the plant is also used for 
various purposes in medicine, the value of the preparation 
varying considerably, according to the country in which it is 
grown. 

You thus see that the aloe, simple as it looks, is a very useful 
plant, and if you renumber the short account of it here given, 
it will add to your store of knowledge, and that addition, small 
as it is, may sometime prove useful to you. The vegetable 
kingdom contains thousands of different members, every one of 
which has a history about as interesting as the aloe. The 
Sweedish naturalist Linneus devoted his life to the study of 
plants, flowers, etc., reduced botany to a science, and secured 
for himself a name that will never die. Not one of you may 
ever become celebrated on account of your knowledge of botany; 
but as it is one of the most important branches of natural his- 
tory, it can not be studied at all industriously without the 
student being well rewarded for his labors. 



THIS STORY OIF "V^LIE-N-- 
TI1TE IDTJVJVXj. 



PROM CHAMBERS' MISCELLANY, 



N a September afternoon in the year 1805, a funeral of one 
of the poor cottagers of the little village of Anthenay, iu 
Champagne, a district in the north-east of France, wound its 
way to the cemetery. The cure and five young childien fol- 
lowed the melancholy procession : the eldest was about ten 
years of age, and the only one of the little family who wept not; 
but the look of anguish with which he gazed on the coffin which 
contained the remains of his father, told how much he suffered. 

" Valentine," said the cure to him, ceasing for a while to 
chant the service for the dead, and not comprehending the boy's 
silence, ' 'why do you not weep ? Did you not love your father?' ' 

The boy raised his eyes with a look in which grief was so 
plainly written, that the good man immediately added : " Poor 
child! you cannot weep — it is indeed sad." 

Wishing, at all risks, to cause those tears which, in flowing, 
might soothe the fevered mind of the boy, he continued ; He 
was a good father to you, though very poor; and his last 
moments must have been embittered at the thought of leaving 
a wife and five children without means of support. Is it not 
true, Valentine?" 

The boy, making a painful effort to speak, replied: "God is 
good, sir : he concealed the truth from my mother, who did not 
suppose that he was dying." 

The cure, without making any further observation, resumed 
the chant, and Valentine again fell into gloomy and thoughtful 
silence. When the body had been committed to the earth, and 
the cure concluded the service, the little cortege prepared to 
depart. It was then that Valentine found relief iu tea*, and 
throwing himself on his knees, exclaimed: "My father! my 
father!" 



**&$ 



ws 



ss 



JTJYEITILE INSTRTJOTOE/. 



Oi 

m- 



The cure beckoned to the peasants to remove the other 
children, and, kneeling by the side of Valentine, he said in a 
tone of commiseration : 'Tray for comfort, my son: God is 
merciful." 

Having waited until he perceived the boy getting more com- 
posed, he added: "It is time to return home. Come, Valen- 
tine, let us be going," 

Without making any remark, for there is in grief a passive- 
ness to the will of others, Valentine rose, and walking side by 
side, they quitted the cemetery. Not far from the place of 
repose was an aged elm, at the foot of which a raised bank had 
existed for centuries. Valentine seated himself on it ; and seeiug 
that the cure regarded his movements with surprise, he said to 
him : "Don't think of me, sir, but continue on your way home." 
"And why will you not come with me?" asked the cure. 
"Where would you have me go, sir? Home? — why should 
I go there ? My father has left nothing — nothing : our neigh- 
bor Maclare this morning sent my mother a loaf of bread ; she 
has to-day at least something to eat." 

"And are the sufferings of the family, then, so very great, 
that your mother has riot sufficient food ?" 

"I would rather not have spoken of it, sir, for my mother 
would starve rather than make a complaint. Almost every- 
thing she gets she gives to her children ; and she certainly hurts 
herself for their sake. This morning my sister found her lying 
on the ground in a kind of faint, from hunger ; and as she was 
not able to raise her, she put a cloth over her, and fed her with 
a little warm milk till she recovered. Oh my poor, poor 
mother?" And here the fullness of Valentine's heart overcame 
him, and he burst into tears. 

"Come, cheer up, cheer up, Valentine," said the cure; "I 
will, as is my duty, see about something being done for your 
mother. In the meanwhile, as you say she has something to 
eat, there is no immediate need for my calling; aud as there 
does not seem to be any danger of your not getting a share of 
food, had you not better go home?" 

"No, sir, I should prefer not to go back just at present. I 
am not hungry." 

"Not at present, perhaps; but in an hour or two you will be 
so, Vakntine." 

"What would you have me do, sir? I am accustomed to 
suffering. I will suffer." 

"But your mother will be uneasy at not seeing you return." 
"It is not the first time that I have been absent, sir." 
"Aud always from the same motive?" asked the cure, greatly 
moved; "always to leave your portion to be divided amongst 
the family?" 

"Always, sir !" replied Valentine artlessly. 
"Oh, why am I myself so poor?" exclaimed the good man; 
and taking, almost with a degree of respect, the hand of the 
poor boy, whose tattered clothes scarcely screened him from 
the weather, he added: "Noble and generous child, come share 
with me my dinner to-day. it is frugal and simple, as the repast 
of a poor curate ought to be, who is poorer than the poorest 
of his parishioners; but it will be sufficient for us both. Come, 
and we shall afterwards devise as to the best means of relieving 
you. Not to eat would be to shorten your days, and that would 
be against Providence — it would be a sin, Valentine." 

"Oh, sir, I do not look for much; I ask but the means of 
earning a livelihood," said Valentine, kissing the hand of the 
cure, who forced him to rise and accompany him. 

In passing by the abode of Maclare, one of the richest farmers 
of Anthcnay — he who had that morning sent the loaf of bread 
to the poor widow — they perceived him seated before the door 
of his cottage, busily engaged fastening a hoop on a cask. 

"Good-day, reverend sir," said Maclare, raising his cap to the 

cure. "How is your mother, Valentine? Poor woman 1" 

"Good-day, Maclare," said the cure, while a sigh was the 

only reply Valentine gave. "How is it that for the last month 



your son has not come either to school or catechism?" 

"You are very good, reverend sir, and I shall tell you the 
reason of his absence ; it is that our turkeys are obliged to be 
taken care of, and the boy has been occupied in minding them." 

"You ought to get a servant to look after the turkeys, and 
send your boy to school to continue his studies." 

''Nay, I am not so rich, sir, as people say: twenty-four 
francs a year, which I give you to educate my son, besides a 
fagot each week, and a loaf of bread each month — the bread, I 
am sure, you do not regard much, for you give it to the most 
necessitous of your parishioners ; but still it is so much out of 
my pocket; and as to getting a servant to take care of my turkeys, 
I could not afford it — what purse in France could support that?" 

"There is a way in which you may arrange all this, Maclare. 
Do you wish to know it?" 

"Provided that you do not ruin me, reverend sir, I ask no 
better; but let me hear your plan." 

'All that you would give for educating your son, you are to 
give to Valentine for taking care of your turkeys, and I shall 
educate your son without charge. Do you agree to it?" 

"Do I agree to it ! You ask me do I agree to it, sir? to have 
my son educated and my turkeys taken care of also at the same 
price ! Certainly I do ; aud willingly, I assure you." 

"It is a bargain then, Valentine," said the cure, turning 
towards young Jameray. "How do you like the arrangement?" 

''Oh, you have saved my life, sirl" said Valentine with 
emotion. "My mother shall now have something to eat." 

"And when the turkeys have gone to roost," said the cure, 
still addressing Valentine, "with the permission of Maclare, 
you will come to the presbytery and repeat your catechism ; for 
it would not be right that you shoidd forget what you have 
already learned." 

''You are a good man, sir 1" exclaimed the child in a tone of 
thankfulness. 

"It is but right that I should look after my flock," said the 
cure smiling. 

"Oh, my good sirl" said Maclare, "if Valentine has such 
anxiety about my turkeys, there is no fear but they will be well 
tended." 

(To be continued.) 



THE HVCA-IN- WITH THE 
IIR/DHSr HVCi^SIC. 

AMONG the traditions of modern European history, is the 
story of The Man with the Iron Mask, which has been 
heard and talked of for nearly two hundred years. It has 
furnished matter for the pen of both historian and dramatist, 
and some of those who read this sketch may have seen allusions 
to it in books, and no doubt some have seen the drama of "The 
Man with the Iron Mask" performed on the stage. The tradi- 
tion is to the effect that, in the reign of Louis XIV of France, 
an unfortunate man was confined in various state prisons in 
France, for over twenty years, and until his death; and that 
during the whole of that period he had on an iron mask, locked 
at the back part of the head, and so contrived by means of 
springs that the portion covering his chin was moveable, so as 
to enable him to eat his food. The story runs that the Man 
with the Iron Mask was arrested secretly, his family and friends 
being ignorant of what had become of him, that he was never 
allowed to correspond with them, nor to converse with any one 
in his prison house, except his jailor when he needed anything, 
with a doctor when his body was sick, or a priest when he 
w Lshed to confess, and at such times his mask completely concealed 
his features, so that it was impossible to recognize who ho was. 
Such a fate is horrible to think of, and it was no wonder that 
the story, when it first reached the cars of the European public, 
should give rise to a great deal of talk and conjecture. The 



GTTJ'V^EliTIIL.E IUSTBTJOTOR. 



S3 



young readers of this paper, most of theni born in republican 
America, and ignorant of European history, may be surprised 
to learn that any human being was ever subjected to such a 
terrible fate, and passed so many years of his life in such a miser- 
able manner. But, when those who are fond of reading, shall 
make the history of nations a study, they will learn that until 
within the last hundred years, in most of the countries of 
Europe, kings and rulers had very, great power, and that some 
of them used that power to cruelly oppress the people they 
ruled. There is scarcely a country in Europe in which scores 
and hundreds of men, who. for what were called state or 
political reasons, have not been secretly arrested,imprisoned with- 
out trial, many of them confined there for life, and often cruelly 
tortured to death. In some of these prisons there were cells 
under ground, in which wretched prisoners were thrown, and left 
to starve to death, the cell thus becoming to them a living tomb. 
Some of these living tombs, or cells, were shaped like a common 
bottle, the neck being wide enough to let a man down easily, but 
with no possible means of making his escape therefrom. One of 
these bottle-shaped dungeons was discovered a few years since in 
the ruins of the castle of St. Andrews, in Scotland. It was cut out 
of the solid rock. The neck was seven feet wide, and eight feet 
long; from the neck downward it gradually widened until it was 
seventeen feet across, the length, or highth, of the whole being 
twenty-two feet. At one period such places were common over 
most of Europe, and many an unfortunate has undoubtedly met 
with his death by starvation while thus bottled up. 

In France the system of secret arrests alluded to above, was 
formerly carried to a great extent, and in the reigu of no king 
were more state prisoners arrested, or treated with greater 
cruelty than in that of Louis the Fourteenth. It was this 
system, joined to many other abuses heaped upon the masses of 
the people by the aristocracy who ruled them, that led to the 
terrible revolution in that country in 1780, during which thou- 
sands of the upper classes were beheaded. In the progress of 
that revolution, also, the Bastile — one of the most terrible 
prison houses ever built in the world — was destroyed by the 
populace of Paris. 

With this short sketch of the method of misrule, which 
formerly prevailed in Europe, our young readers will see that 
the story of the Man with the Iron Mask, is not so unlikely as 
they might have at first imagined. And now for a very short 
sketch of the history of this unfortunate, who he was, by whose 
orders he was imprisoned, why he was arrested, where he was 
confined, the treatment he received, and the date of his death ; 
for the publication in Europe of researches made within the 
present century by trustworthy and capable gentlemen has 
clearly settled all these points, and done away with the mystery 
with which the legend of the iron mask was formerly concealed. 

The imprisonment of the Man with the Iron Mask was by 
order of King Louis Fourteenth, and commenced in the year 
1678. The first printed account of the circumstance appeared 
in 1745, but it was many years later before it became known 
who the prisoner really was, for everything connected with him 
and his imprisonment was conducted with the utmost secrecy. 
Many guesses were indulged in by various writers as to who the 
prisoner was, but the mystery was never cleared up until the 
present century, when the private journal of an officer of the 
Bastile in the time of Louis XIV was brought to light and 
revealed the mystery. 

From this it appears that the jailor of the man with the iron 
mask, during the whole of his imprisonment, was a man named 
Saint-Mars, and the publication of letters that passed between 
this man and Louvois, the French minister of war at that time, 
shows that the Man with the Iron Mask was Count Matthioli 
who, in the 17th century, was minister of the Duke of Mantua. 
King Louis XIV desired to place a French garrison in the 
Mantuan fortress, of .Casale, because this would give the French 
access to Lombardy. The Duke of Mantua favored the scheme, 




for he believed that by having the French for allies he could 
keep the Spaniards, of whom he was in continual dread, in 
cheek. The French Ambassador and Count Matthioli had a 
secret meeting in relation to this project in March 1678, and 
entered into an agreement. Some time after Matthioli went to 
Paris and concluded the treaty with the French minister of war, 
the terms being that French troops should enter Casale ; that if 
a French army entered Lombardy the Duke of Mantua should 
command it; and that as soon as the Duke of Mantua had 
signed the treaty, France should pay him a hundred thousand 
crowns. Matthioli then set out on his return journey, and 
while on the way he, for a bribe, revealed the whole scheme to 
the Italian authorities and gave them copies of the papers. 
Shortly after, King Louis sent one of his ministers to obtain the 
final ratification of the scheme by the Duke of Mantua, and this 
gentleman, while on his way, was arrested by the Milanese, at 
the instigation of Matthioli, and this step led to the discovery 
of the latter' s treachery, 

King Louis, enraged at this treachery, resolved to have 
Matthioli arrested, and punish him for his bad faith. Private 
orders were issued to this effect, and on the 2d of May 1679 the 
arrest was effected, and the treacherous Matthioli was lodged 
in the prison of Pignerol, a town situated on the borders of 
Savoy. This action on the part of the French king, being a 
breach of the law of nations, it was necessary, to prevent 
unpleasant consequences, to keep it a profound secret, and to do 
this a mask, made however of black velvet and laced with 
whalebone, iustead of iron, was locked on to the head and face 
of the prisoner, which he wore until the day of his death — 
about twenty-five years afterwards, to prevent any person ever 
seeing and recognizing him. 

Oa being placed in prison his name was changed to Lestang, 
the object of this being to render it still more difficult to ever 
get at the fact of the imprisonment, by the king of France, of 
the minister of a foreign power. While at Pignerol his food 
and accommodations were of the coarsest description, and the 
only society he was a'lowed was that of a mad monk. The 
result of this harsh treatment was that, in a few months, 
Matthioli became as mad as the monk. He stayed at Pignerol 
about three years, when, he was removed to the prison in the 
town of Exiles, on the frontiers of Piedmont, Saint-Mars, his 
jailor, also moving with him. At Exiles he stayed about six 
years, when he and his jailor were again moved, this time to 
the prison of the Isle of St. Margaret, on the Provencal coast. 
This was in the year 1687. Eleven years after, in 1698, 
Saint-Mars was appointed governor of the Bastile, and in Paris 
and the Bastile ho and his masked prisoner accordingly took up 
their quarters, and there, five years after the Man with the 
Iron Mask breathed his last. 

During all these years his treatment had been rigorous, and 
his fare and accommodations in every respect of the poorest 
kind. He was not allowed to talk to or commune with any 
person except his jailor, physician and priest, and then only 
on very rare occasions. His prison houses were care- 
fully guarded, and the windows of his several cells barred, 
so that there would be no chance for him to speak to or be 
spoken to by, or to make signs of any kind to any person outside; 
and in fact everything that could be done was done to make his 
life miserable, and death welcome. The meanness and treachery 
of which he was guilty deservedly exposed him to sovere pun- 
ishment, but death would have been infinitely preferable to the 
torment' he endured. Louis XIV, however, was a man who 
delighted in torturing, and in hearing of the misery of those 
who offended him ; and he and his creatures reached the very 
sublimity of torture and cruelty in the years of wretchedness 
and sorrow to which they subjected the Man with the Iron 
Mask. 



& 



If you hesitate and parley with temptation, you are lost. 



*<5»U 



24: 



JTJYEITILB HTSTRTJCTOB 



'S-A-VE THE BITS. 



YOU have all read the story in the school readers of two boys 
who went over the same route, one with his eyes open, and 
the other with them shut. It is old, but worth repeating and 
remembering every day ; so many things worth knowing go on- 
right under our eyes without being noticed. 

I knew a man, I think I may have told you of before, a busy 
man, who had very little time for reading or study, but whose 
mind was a storehouse of information on almost every subject. 

''How does it happen that you know so much more than the 
rest of us V ' I asked him one day. 

''0," said he, "I never had time to lay in a regular stock o 
learning, so I save all the bits that come in my way, and they 
count up in the course of a year." 

That is just the thing — save the bits. 

"That boy," said a gentleman, "always seems to be on the 
lookout for something to see." 

So he was : and while waiting in a newspaper office for a pack- 
age, he learned, by using his eyes, how a mailing machine was 
operated. While he waited at the florist's he saw a man setting 
a great box of cuttings, and learned, by the use of his eyes, 
what he never would have guessed, that slips rooted best in 
nearly pure sand. 

"This is lapis lazuli," said a jeweler to his customer; ''and 
this is chrysoprase." 

And the wide-awake errand boy turned around from the door 
to take a sharp look, so that in future he knew just how those 
two precious stones looked. In one day he learned of the bar- 
ber what became of the hair clippings ; of the carpenter how to 
drive a nail so as not to split the wood ; of the shoemaker, how 
the different surfaces of fancy leather are made ; of a' locust, 
that his mouth was no use to him in singing ; from a scrap of 
newspaper, where sponges are obtained ; and from an old Irish 
woman, how to keep stove-pipes from rusting. Only bits and 
fragments of knowledge, but all of them worth saviug, and all 
helping to increase the stock in trade of the boy who meant to 
be a man. — Little Corporal, 



Norwegian Ingenuity. — A recent traveler says, "One 
thing at Moshuus especially attracted my notice. It was an 
organ, perfect in all its parts, with a variety of stops, made by 
a common peasant; who, although self-taught, had displayed 
great mechanical abilities. A foreigner is greatly surprised at 
the various talents of the Norwegian peasantry, and the 
ingenuity wluch they display in the manufacture of everything 
requisite for the common purposes of life. Living remote from 
towns and villages, in their little farms scattered amid the 
mountains, and frequently at the distance of many miles from 
their nearest neighbor, necessity, the fruitful parent of inven- 
tion, teaches them early the useful arts and trades, and thus 
renders them independent of that assistance, which it is not in 
their power to obtain. Hence you will find the same mau his 
own tailor, shoemaker, carpenter, joiner, and often even his own 
clock and watch maker. Most are very expert at carving, and 
the beautiful whiteness of the fir renders their talents in this 
way very ornamental in their cottages. The exquisite specimens 
of spoons and ladles, which they sometimes execute in the 
ancient style of carving, would serve as patterns even to our 
own artists and silversmiths. Without having been brought up 
to any of the above trades, they are notwithstanding proficient 
in them. They can also execute a variety of works in silver, 
brass, and other metals. In short, there are few things for the 
purchase of which they are obliged to have recourse to the 
large towns: so great is their natural ingenuity, thus brought 
into exercise by their wants, by the scarcity of towns through- 
out the country, and fostered besides by the instructions and 
examples of their parents during the long winters." 



tittle i^eftff!* 




THE LITTLE MOTHER. 

Minding baby's cradle, 

Rocking as she sings, 
Sits a little maiden 

Full of busy thing's; 
Darning she a stocking 

With most serious mien, 
Scarcely seven summers 

Has little Putty seen. 

Sitting by the cradle, 

Loving watch to keep, 
Wondering if brother 

Will ever go to sleep ; 
While she stitches bruvely, 

Stitches for her life, 
One day the little maiden 

Will make a thrifty wife. 

Patty's hair is golden, 

Patty's eyes are blue, 
.And I scarce can tell you 

Half that she can do ; 
But her hands work deftly 

As she sings awhile, 
And like a flash of sunshine 

Is her merry smile. 

Sitting by the cradle, 

Mother's task to share, 
While her playmates' voices' 

Pill the sunny air ; 
By-and-by she'll join them, 

Shout with might and main, 
Play till tyrant baby 

Wants his nurse again. 

Sitting by the cradle, 

Pull of dignity, 
Marshaling on tiptoe 

Little sisters three; 
Tries to look like mother, 

With a brow of care, 
God grant darker shadow 

Never may rest there. 



[For thelJuvenile Instructor. 
GRAMMATICAL CHARADE. 



BY JOS. H. l'iEIiY, 



I am composed of 15 letters: 

My 6, Li, 11, is a common noun; 

lily 7, la, 8, i6 a personal pronoun; 

My 11, 2, is an adjective; 

My 15, 2, is a verb, in the present or future tense; 

My ti, 2, is the sign of the infinitive mode; 

My 8, o, 10, 1, 12, 5, 14, 15, is a verb in the participial mode; 

My 8, 2, 2, 14, is an adverb; 

My 4, 18, 9, 7, 5, 14, is a preposition; 

My 3, 7, 10, 1, is a conjunction; 

My 7, 5, 8, 3, is an interjection; 

My whole is a word that is used to connect sentences. 



CTTJ^^EIsrilLjE IIIsrSTIR/TTOTOIRy 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Sinyle Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

*5f- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will ba 
received at the oflice of our paper— Deseket News Buildings. 



"i^S^ 



