/^ -u, 




« d 



«i ., s 



*==. 



" BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING.'' 



THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 




VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 1, ]8G7. 



NO, 17. 



I^I^OZPHETS J^nSriD THZBIK. XDIZFZFIGTJXjTIIES. 



IN every age, in eveiy land where men liave not known the 
true God, the.v have ever sought to destroy those whom He 
sent to them with the message of His mercy. The reason is 
this; the evil one has always striven to keep mankind in igno- 
rance of the ways of the Lord, and he has known no better plan 
than to stir up the hearts of men in hatred and anger towards 
those who sought to teach them tlie gospel of our Lord Jesus 
Christ. It is no matter where we look, it is ever the same. If 
we turn to the mighty powe -s of ancient days; to the nations to 
whom the apostles of Jesus carried their message of glad 
tidings, to the history of 
the Nephites and Lama- j'! 

nites on this land, or A\M£ 

come home to the church '' ' '' 

of God to-day, we shall 
find the annals of almost 
every nation stained with 
the blood of martyred 
apostles and prophets or 
other servants of God. 

But it is not always 
that Jehovah, the Lord, 
will permit wicked men 
to slay his servants. 
Sometimes these ser- 
vants have plead with 
him in mighty faith and 
prayer to save them 
from their enemies, and 
he has stretched forth 
his hand in power and 
they have been saved. 
At other times they had 
not finislied the work 
God had set them to do, 
and he ijresen-ed them in the midst of death and deslruction, 
peril anil (rouble, until th.'y had ended their mission, iind then 
he took them to himst'lf. Shall we name you some instances? 
Do you not recollect reading in the JuVKN'ir.K Ln'stiii'(T(i"1 oI 
liow (lod sent ravens day by day to feed the jirophc^t I'llijah 
when he was driven into the wilderness by the wicked king 
Aliab, and how He thus won<lerfully preserved liis life until lie 
could return in safety to his homo. The Jjord called these 
ravens to do his will; they understood their mission, and per- 
foinied it. 

Then, again, do you remcuibcr how tlie Lord saved llu' iNfint. 
Moses from being killed when I'liaroah sent forth th(^ cruel d<^- 
cree that every male child born hi Israel siiould be slain. 'J'hc 



"" < W"''J7pS' 



Lord had a work for Moses, and Pharoah could not prevent its 
being done. You have read how his mother made an ark of 
bidrushes which she floated on the river Nile, until one day 
Pharoah's daughter found the pretty Israelitish boy, loved him, 
and adopted him as her son. 

Have you forgotten how king Nebuchadnozzer put three of 
the Hebrews, whose names were Hananiah, Mishael and Aza- 
riah, into the fiery furnace, and they were not hurt, not having 
even the smell of fire about them, while the king's soldiers who 
threw them into the fire were killed by its intense heat. Why 

were these three men 



/ 







sentenced to so cruel a 
death, and why did the 
Lord thus preserve 
them? Because this king 
had set up an idol on a 
certain plain, and de- 
creed t h a t all men 
should bow down to it. 
These three would not 
bow down to an image. 
They bowed down to 
none other than the God 
of their fathers, Abra- 
ham, Isaac and Jacob. 
But God was greater 
than tlie king. He could 
control the earth, the 
sea, the fire, and all the 
works of His hands. So 
he sent unto theiii one 
like unto His Son, and 
He and the three He- 
brews walked unharmed 
in the midst of the 
r.iging ;la;nj-. Tlius did (j.)d exert his power in the hour of 
their greatest need, as they had been faithl'ul to him in their 
lives. 

Have you not heard, children, of the ajiostle Juhn being cast 
into a caldron of boiling oil, and that it did not scald him. 
Jesus liud promised him that lie should live until He himself 
returned to earth, and men could do nothing to make that word 
null and void. His life was siu'e; their elVorts were vain. Ho 
.still lives to do the will of his Friend and Savior Jt^sus. 

]?ut what does our jiicturo represent? It is Daniel in the 
lion's d(!n. lie has been thrown then; because he dared to pray 
to the Lord three times each tlay, when the king of Babylon 
had decreed that for ihirly days all men were to cease praying 



^\^^^{ 



130 



crTJ^EiNriLE in^sori^TJOTOi?/ 



to their gods. Israel was in bondage then to the Babj'Ionians, 
that is the reason Daniel was there. Daniel was a great man 
in that kingdom, and many of the princes and lords were jeal- 
ous of him. So. knowing he would obey God rather than man 
though it cost him his life, they cuiniingly persuaded the king 
to issue thi.s command, for the king did not think of Daniel 
when he issued the law. The projjhet continued to pray as 
usual. These lords then told the king, and desired that Daniel 
might he slain. This the king was very unwilling to do, as he 
loved him and did not wish to take his life. Still the lords pre- 
sLsted. and at last the king gave his consent. Daniel was east 
into the den: but God closed the mouths of the lions and they 
did not offer to touch him. The next morning the king went 
very early to the cave, and great was his joy when he found the 
animals had not eaten the projihet. Then he took those princes 
who had accused Daniel, and, with their families, cast them 
into the den. Were they saved? No. The lions being very 
hungry at once tore them to pieces and ate them up. Thus 
did God control the natures of these lions to save his prophet, 
and thus did those wicked men come to the destruction they had 
striven to bring on Daniel. 

Shall we now go to the Book of Mormon? Like the Bible, it 
is filled with records of God's preserving care over his servants 
when their enemies tried to slay them. Have you ever read of 
the four sons of kins Mosiah, named Amnion, Aaron, Oniner 
and ITinini, who went and preached the gosjiel to the Laman- 
ites? Of Neidii and Lehi the sons of Helaman, who in after 
years went on the same mission? Of Alma and Auudek? of 
Nephi? of tlie Twelve x\postles of the Lamb? of ^Mormon? of 
Moroni? of many other servants of God whose lives are written 
in that sacred book? Have you read, how God palsied the arms 
of theiK enemies? how he rent prison walls that they might go 
free? how he surrounded them with fire and with the glory of 
(iiid? If you have not, read that history, little ones. The lives 
of these great and pood men are written by the s|iirit of reve- 
lation, much better than I can tell you, and in much more detail 
than I have room to, did I wish to undertake the task. 

].>o yiiu wish to learn of God's preserving care over his child- 
ren in this age? Bead the history of Joseph and other articles 
now being published in the Jr;vE.\iLK Is.sTRi'rrnn. They are 
rejijete with the tokens of God's goodness, mercy and power; 
and if yn\i wish to share his loving-kindness remember to 
''Trust in I iud and do what is right. " - G. B. 



For the Juvenile Insh'iiclor. 

J^ COLID jroXJI?.3SrEY~-^ IMIIS- 

XjEGTionsrs. 



[i'ONiI,fi>KD.] 

IITE are still twenty miles from lluttcrdam, but conclude to 
T T leave in the ship's boat, that is going on shore for 
supplies. As we lower ourselves down the ship's side we think 
of the poor artist and his jioor sickly wife who had scarcely 
eaten a mouthful since coming on board, and now there arc no 
])rovi.-ions left. We regret our inability to assist them, our 
sympathy must therefore remain unexpressed. With a feelim: 
of relief we stej) into the boat and leave the ill-starred /Snn'sir. 
Picking our way throtigh the masses of floating ice, we land on 
the southern shore of the broad bay which forms the mouth of 
the liver. We have the jileasure of setting our feet on the 
continent of Europe — tlie ground is covered with about six 
inches of snow. Shouldering our luggage a brisk walk of 
about three miles brinirs us to the town of Bridle. Here every 
one speaks French. As we approach the town from the country 
side. caiTying ^our blankets au'l carpet-sacks our apiiearance 



does not flatter us. We inquire the road to Botterdam, and in 
reply are conducted to the mayor's office. The mayor examines 
our ])assports, wdiich fortunately are made out in French. 
After soDje delay we are sent to the custom house, where our 
portmanteaus are examined, when we are permitted to proceed 
on our journey. Ascertaining that we mtist cross the mouth of 
the river we apply at the ferry house for a boat. They point 
across to what proved to be an island, and bring out an ice 
boat. Showing them a shilling they inform lis how many it 
will co.st, which having agreed to pay, we are ready to proceed. 
But what a queer thing is the ice boat! Both bow and stern 
are shaped alike and strongly ironed, the whole structure 
mounted on a pair of runners like a sleigh, so that it will run 
on the ice or in the water. The boat is provided with oars, 
pikes, hooks, and little fiags on poles, which are pointed so that 
they may be fixed upright, in the ice. There are five boatnu'n; 
where there is water they row with the oars, where there is 
floating ice they push away the cakes with the pikes and jniU 
the boat along with the hooks. Arriving at a field of solid lee 
they give the boat all the speed possible, and the front ruiniers 
lift nil ou the edge, when the man in the bow sjn-ings out and 
pulls the boat up with a short rope. Mow we all get out, and 
walk by the side, taking care to keep one hand on the gunwale 
so that should our footing give way suddenly we may spi'lng into 
the boat; meantime the steersman sets up one of the flags at 
the place where we land on the stationary ice to mark the route 
on the return. We now trudge along until we reach the open 
water again, and thus we cross the river JLaese. 

Our friends point out the road, and we cross what api^ears to 
be an island, ou foot; reaching the water again it is compara- 
tively free from ice, the more singular as that we have just left 
is choked and piled with masses in some places as high as 
twenty or thirty feet Procuring a huich at the ferry house, 
William and myself taste black rye bread for the fii'st 
time. We are a little curious aliout the bread, as it is 
de,-tlued to be our principal diet; it is very co.arse, but when 
new is quite palatea)>le. We have traveled aljout six miles 
from Brlelle, where all the peoi}le speak French, and here they 
speak nothing but Dutch. We are at the raerey of any sharpers 
who may choose to overcharge us. How very strange this 
matter of language. A dog or a horse from England could 
probably communicate its thoughts to a dog or a horse in 
Holland, yet man, the nobler creation, through a long series of 
errors, has lost the universal language, and cannot thus commu- 
nicate with his fellow m.rn. 

We cro.ss the ferry to Maasluys where, after some difficulty, 
we hire a cab to Schiedam, a distance of ten miles. 

We travel along a road thrown uji a height of eight or ten 
feet above the surrounding country. It is very narrow, but 
straight, and prettily lined with a row of trees on each side. 

Arriving at Schiedam the driver stops, and with words and 
signs asks whore he shall put us down. William, after trying 
in vain to tell him with words, leaps from the caniage and with 
signs makes him unilerstand that we wish to go to the railway 
station, to the great annisenient of the b.vstanders. 

In (iermany, Holland or Denmark, a cab-man or boat-man 
exjiects to receive a gratuity, Iicsides the customary fare. 

Arriving at the station, our driver asks a gratuity, and it is 
some time before we comiirehend the situation, as we jiaid the 
stiiiulated i)rlce in ailvance. 'J'liis ditficulty being disposed of, 
we turn our attention to securing tickets for liotterdam by the 
evening train. 

The man at the booking ofiicc not understanding English, 
the telegraiih operator of the station con)es to our a.ssistancc, 
in the kindest manner, notwithstanding the fact that we take 
third class tickets and are evidently poor. Arriving at Botter- 
dam we find that the Hamburg train does not start till 7 a. m. 



!^v:^ 



"^tl 





CTTJ'^EIIN^IXjEI 



n^s 



(d:r. 



^ 



-c** 



to-morrow, so we put up at a humble hotel, kept by a Gerraan 
named Bowen, whose sister is the mistress of the house. The}' 
speak a little English, and inquire if wo are sailors, to which we 
reply in the negative. They can scarcely make us out; but do 
not oppress us with questions. AVe are kindly treated, and in 
the morning our worthy host accompanies us to the station and 
secures tickets as far as Oberhausen, taking care that we are 
not cheated, for we have English money only and are liable to 
loose more or less at every deal. 

Feeling grateful to Bowen we shake his hand, are off, for the 
last bell is ringing and the shrill sharp locomotive whistle is 
piercing the frosty air. 

We reach Oberhausen at 2 p.m., where the language changes 
from Dutch to German. Here, owing to the sharp frost, or 
some other cause, the train is detained nine weary hours. The 
third class waiting room of the station is large and cold, and 
cheerless in the extreme. We have not money to make our- 
selves comfortable at a hotel, so we wear away the tedious 
hours at the station. We procure a cup of coffee and a rusk, 
at a coffee house, and are off at 11 p. m. tired, hungry, cold 
and sleepy. After a continuous ride of fifteen hours, we reach 
Harburg, half stupified with cold and hunger, and the miserable 
tobacco smoke with which the cars are reeking. 

A brisk walk to the omnibus station revives us. We cross 
the Elbe to Hamburg on the ice, we hire a horse and sleigh to 
carry us to the railway station at Altona. Here procuring some 
tea and crackers at the Buffet (the refreshment department of 
the station) we warm our stifiened limbs by the huge porcelain 
stove, which sends a generous glow through the apartment. 
4 p. m. taking tickets for Flensborg we are oh the way again, 
but soon come to a dead halt. John P. R., who can occasion- 
ally find a man here who understands Danish, soon learns that 
one of the wheels of the tender, or fuel car, has broken down, 
owing, it is thought, to the frost in the cast-iron. After waiting 
some time the passengers all spring out and walk on to the next 
station, following the rails in the darkness, for in this latitude, 
in the winter time, the night begins earlj'. Telegraphic des- 
patches are sent each way to other stations acquainting them 
with the nature of the accident. 

After waiting some throe hours, having procured another 
fuel car, the train comes up, and we start on again, but the cold 
increases and the dreadful tobacco smoke is thicker than ever, 
not indeed the fragrant Havanah, but the dank, half rotten 
weed, the product of the moist cool soil of northern Europe. 

The frost is thick on the glass of the car window, and to open 
the casement one half an inch for a gasp of the pure cold air 
without, will bring down the indignation of the cntii'e company 
of [lassengers, who know nothing of the science of ventilation. 
Let us hastily glance around at our fellow travelers. They are 
stout specimens of the [icasant farmer, many of them have a 
kind of fur sack which they draw on over their feet and legs; 
they wear large fur caps which almost conceal their features, 
and heavy overcoats of thick homespun fabric. They have 
been to Hamburg to sell cattle. Tliey all have enormous pipes, 
which seem to require unremitting attention. Let us describe 
one of these peculiar institutions. The bowl is of beech wood 
divided into two compartments, the one above, tiie other below; 
that above is the bowl proper, and is lin(;d with tin, besides 
there is a covering of wire gauze. Tlic lower [.art is simply 
designed to receive a nauseous liquid which is distilled from the 
bowl, and turns olT with a screw that it may be emijtied. 'I'lic 
stem is generally about one foot in length, sometimes three 
feet. 

We arrived at Jlonsborg at 1 1 p. m. and obtained lodging for 
the night and are off again at 7 a. m. next morning, lleaehing 
Flensborg, the railway terminu.s, wo take pa.s.sage in a sort of 
traveling omnibus, we soon change for a hack, and traveling all 



night reach Kolding, the boundary town of Denmark proper. 
Here we hire a sleigh to convey us to the crossing of the Little 
Belt. We pass near the ruins of Kolding castle. 

We cross the Little Belt in an ice boat. Our means being 
scanty we seek some other and cheajier conveyance, than the 
mail stage, which is here called the Diligence, this we found in 
the day wagon, which has no cover and travels slow. 

At Odense we stop a few hours for rest and refreshment, 
when we continue on to Nyborg, where we cross the Great Belt 
in a small, but strongly built, iron steamer. Awaiting her 
departm-e until the morning, we take deck passage and are .soon 
cleaving the thin ice on the surfice of the water. We soon near 
the island of Zealand, to which we have looked forward with so 
much anxiety. Landing from the ship by an ice boat, at a 
point some three miles from Korsoer, the usual port, we 
shoulder our luggage and trudge off bravely for the station. 
But why does John P. R, lag behind? He, the strongest of the 
party, is evidently weary, his footstep is unsteady and his eyes 
wander. The long fasts, night traveling and biting cold are 
surely telling upon him: but courage, John P. R., we have 
reached the island of Zealand, and will arrive at Copenhagan by 
to-night's train. Taking a little refreshment at a coffee house 
we secure our tickets, and finding there is a Uttle money to 
spare, we return and order another cup of coffee. We are 
again among honest smokers, as the train whirls along, but the 
annoyance is almost unheeded, for our thoughts are turned 
towards our Heavenly Father who has preserved us while 
among strangers, whose language we could not speak. 

The metropolis at last. The blinding gaslight of the station 
flashes in our eyes, we see the thronging crowd and hear the 
rushing vehicles. We take a cab for Lorentzensgade No. 14, 
the watchman unlocks the street door. 

Staggering up the stairs, we ring the door bell. It is near 
midnight, but the suiimons is answered, and we are ushered 
into a commodious office. An opposite door opens and two 
men enter with "JMormon" faces. They are I'resident Van 
Cott and Elder Liljenquist. "Ah! I dreamed you were com- 
ing," saj-s the former, shaking hands; "three elders from home, 
two tall, the other shorter." "Welcome to Denmark," shouts 
Elder Liljenquist. J. N. S. 



HOW TO KXOW A GOOSE.— "Mother, mother!" cried 
a young rook, returning hurriedly from its first flight, "I'm so 
frightened! Fve seen such a sight!" 

"What sight, my son?" asked the rook. 

"O, white creatures! screaming and running, and straining 
their necks, and holding their heads ever so high. See, mother! 
there they go! 

"Geese, my son, merely gccse," calmly replied the parent 
bird, looking over the common. "Through life, child, ob.seiTe, 
that when you meet any one who makes a great fuss about 
liimself, and tries to lift his head higher than the rest of tho 
World, you may sot him down at once for a goose." 



Tlie niowor whistles o'er liis (nil, 

The OMK^riikl ^I'ass nuist yiclil; 
The Hcvihe is out, tliii swalh is down, 

Tliero's ineenso in the licld. 
() how I lovo to calmly iiiun6 

In such an hour as Ihis; 
'J'o niu.sn (ho joy crealion givOH 

In purity ami lilis.'^. 



Sr.ANDERS issuing from beautiful 
ing from a rose. 



lips ai-e like spiders crawl- 



^^^^ 



■^S^i 




^r 



13 S 



CT TJ "^T E IDTI L IE I IST S T lE^ TJ G T O I?/ 




®Ti0 fufi(ttil<^ Insfruclut^* 



¥ 



-g^ 






GEORGE Q. C-VIV>'OiV, : EI>ITOK. 

SKPTKMHKK 1, ISOT. 




OT Inns since we overheard two little boys 
talking to their Grandmother about the 
stiiries they had read in the Jitenile In- 
STRi'C'TOR. The younger boy had read the 
story of Joseph, the son of Jacob, who was 
sold into Egypt by his brethren. This 
story had made a deep imjiression upon 
him. and he related it with great interest. 
^Ve listened to hiui with much pleasure, for 
it gratified us to think that so small a boy 
knew so much as he did about the life of this fa- 
mous and good man. Xot an incident connected 
with his career had escaped him. We hope that 
the imijresssion which the reading of the story 
had made ujion him will be a lasting one, and 
bat he will be as true to his God, and as virtuous as 
jseph was. 

The juveniles in our country need instnrction. 
They can not gi-ow up to be useful and res]iected men 
and women without it. Childhood and youth are the 
most appropriate seasons for the foundation of knowledge to be 
laid in the mind. Children are not burdened with care, and 
impressions made upon them, are vivid and durable. The ob- 
ject in publishing the Lnstrcctor is to impart to the children 
and .youths of our church the knowledge which they need to 
make them well-informed and steadfast in the princijiles of 
virtue and truth. Wo feel confident that it will accomplish this 
mission, if it is carefully read by those for whom it is published. 
The boys and girls who take pains to understand and remember 
what they read in its columns, will obtain an amount of infor- 
mation that will be of great benefit to them in years to come; 
but tho.=e who are careless, and take no pains to store away in 
the memory what they read, will find themselves deficient. 

Children, if you pour water on .sand, it disappears; the water 
is apparently lost. Now, the minds of persons who are indif- 
ferent are very like sand; they may read, and information may 
be poured into their minds; but what they read and what they 
hear disa]ipears and there is nothing left. It is a great loss of 
time to read in that manner. Wc hope our Jivenii.e.s will 
carefully and thoughtfully read all that is written for them. 
Ponder upon these things, and also pray to the Lord to lielpyou 
remember them, that you may grow up to be u.scful and laitli- 
ful nieniber.s of the church of Christ. 



9^2 



AN old writer said, that "levity of beliavior is the bane 
of all that i.s good and virtuous." Tliis is a broad asser- 
tion; but he who made it is not far from the truth. Levity of 
behavior is an evil against which our young jieojile, especially 
our girls, should guard. There is scarcely a grace, which a girl 
can pos-=ess, that sits so charmingly upon her as modest}-. A 
modest reserve is an excellent defence against the approach of 
impurity. p]ase of manner is very desirable; but, to po.-.sess it, 
a i-'ir! need not be a romp. A rude, free manner is an evidence 
of vulgarit}-. With strangers particularly should the young. 
ladies of our people be rcscr\'cd. A freedom of manners that 
might jiass among ourselves without remark, would if extended 
to strangers, hie very improjier. A very popular and talented 



poet once wrote a sentiment respecting young ladies in the 
world, which we sincerely hope can never, with any truth, be 
said of the maidens of Zion. Said he: 

"M.iidens. like moths, are caught by glare, 

Aud ma inin ou wins his way where seraphs might despair." 

When we see the girls of this community throwing aside 
reserve and mingling freely with strangers we think of the poet's 
words. We ask ourself is it possible that the daugliters of 
Zion will forget their parentage and all the teachings of their 
childhood and youth and, like moths, be caught by glare? Can 
they be won by mammon? It is easy to perceive what their 
fate will be if they take this course. Who among this people 
that has taken this course has prospered? When young ladies 
cease to be reserved, and indulge in levity of behavior, they 
throw dovn those barriers which are their chief safeguards. 
They stand on slippery ground, and readily fall a prey to the 
deceiver. They may pass for awhile in society; but they do 
not wear. They loose that freshness and delicacy of manners 
which are the chief charms of womanhood. Not so with the 
modest. They may not shine to so great an advantage in the 
eyes of some persons; but they will grow brighter and brighter 
until the perfect day. 

These remarks are not only true in regard to young ladies; 
they apply to the boys and young men of our people. The re- 
served and modest boys are in a much better position to escape 
the temptations to which youth are exposed than those who are 
verj' free and forward in their manners. And when young men 
are sent abroad on missions they find that modest, reserved 
manners save them from many a difhculty. We de.^ire to urge 
upon our JUVENILES, both boys and girls, the importance of 
being modest, pirudent and reserved in their intercourse with 
one another and with strangers. By cultivating good manners 
at home, they will sit easy upon you and be natural to you in 
society away from home. 

J6@°"To OUR Agents and subscribers we wish to state that 
there may be some little delay in the publication of number IS 
through the probable non-an-ival of our paper at the time it 
was expected. The paper makers, not having the ijuality and 
size on hand, had to manufacture it. This, and the delay in 
getting freight to the Kail Koad terminus, will prevent us from 
issuing the next number punctually at the date. 



BIBLE Q^TJBSTIOlsrS 

INSi;UTKD IN NUMBER 1.'), NOW RE-INSEKTJiD WITH THIOIR 
AN.SWERS. 

1. In what river was Moses liid by his mother in an aik of 
bulrushes? 

In the river Nile. 

2. What was Alu-aham's father's name? 
'IMOII.Vn. Genesis xi chap., 29 verse. 

.'!. Who was hanged on a scall'okl lil'ty cubits liigli in tlio day.s 
of Ahasuerus? 

IIAJIAX. Esther vii chap.. 10—12 verses. 

4. AVho said that a wise son niaketh a glad father? 

SOLOMOX. Proverbs x chap., 1 verse. 

.'). Upun what mountain did Noah's ark rest wlirn the Hood 
subsided? 

AK.VRAT. Genesis viii chap., 4 verse. 

(). Who wa.s the (irst murderer? 

CAIN. Genesis iv chap., 8 verse. 

7. Upon what island did John the Rcvclator write the Kcve- 
lations? 

PATMOS. Revelations i chap., vci'se 0. 

s. What became of Toot's wife? 

Slio was turneil to a pillar of salt. Genesis xix, 2(5 verse. 

The above were correctly answered by J. R. McGaw. 



i^^^ 





CTTJ^En^ILE I3^STI?.TJGTOI^ 




FOR OUR JUVENILES. 



81. What was sworn by one of the moljbers who started to 
Independence to raise an army suflieieut to meet Joseph and 
the Camp of Zion? 

82. What happened to him immediatelj' after? 

83. How were tlie bretliren in tiie Camp prevented from 
meeting tiieir brethren in Clay connty on the day they desired 
to do so? And wliere did they camp? 

84. Wliat followed that evening? 

85. How did many of the mob feel, and what did they do? 

86. What occurred in the Camp on the 21st and night of the 
24th of June, in fulfillment of prophccj-? 

87. How many suffered, and how many died from the visita- 
tion? 

88. What did Joseph counsel the brethren of the Camji to do, 
after lie received a revelation on Fishing river? 

89. Where did he afterwards meet a considerable number of 
the Camp? 

90. What did he then tell them? And what was the result? 



^ntlt ^ttnt^tn*^ Whits. 



jF'or the Juvenile Instructor, 

AT I s I T 2s:. 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 

[CONTINUKD.] 

IN my last visit we left Elder R. , mamma, Mary and Ellen in 
the parlor, after the conversation with papa. The kind, 
fatherly spirit of Elder R. had quite won the affections of Mary 
and Ellen, and they felt as free with him as if he had been an 
old friend. Little Ellen climbed upon his knee, and asked him 
how many little girls he bad at home. "I have throe," replied 
Elder R. 

"Are they not sony you are so far away from tlicm?" asked 
little Ellen, 

"Yes, my child," replied Elder R.; "but they know papa 
has gone on a mission, and they look forward witli joy to my 
return; night and morning they ask God, our eternal Father, to 
bless and protect their absent papa on his mission, and send 
him safe home to them." 

"How are they ijrovided for in your absence, sir," asked 
mamma. 

"The Lord provides. Madam," said Elder R, "I do not 
mean ]>y any supernatural means. Let me explain. If we 
could understand all things rightly in connection with this 
matter, we should .see that it is by the power and wisdom ol' 
God that we are all sustained, every one according to bis faith 
and energy. It is true man has his agency, and has good and 
evil set before him, with power t'j choose which lie will. Tliis 
is called a ^ft<it<'. of jirnlialiuii.' in which tlie les.sons of good .ind 
evil are learned, and the providences of (Jod are made manifest 
t<) those who seek him. It is true we arc surrounded by fasci- 
nating temptations to allure us from tlie paths of virtue and of 
truth— riches, luxuries, fashions, novels, vanities, false principles, 
false appetites, created wants and .speculations are strewn in our 
liath, winch lead to pride, laziness, arrogance, oppression of the 
liireling, contempt of flic poor, a false sensibility and an 
a.ssuraed refinement, and prevent iis from having any interest 
in the ways of God or of striving to do his will. 

"In the cburcli organization there are bishops, noble men 
who are the fathers of the people, and whose business it ia to 



see that no one sufiFers of hunger m their wards; they are the 
friends, brothers and counsellors of the people, and the Bishop 
of my ward would see that my finnily did not suffer. Thus you 
see, my dear madam, I am relieved from all anxiety concerning 
the dear ones at home. Our Heavenly Father will raise up 
friends for them as well as provide for me. The gospel has to 
be preached, Zion built up and beautified and a people prepared 
for the coming of the Son of man; but I shall weary you with 
my preaching." 

"Ah! no sir," replied mamma, "I am delighted with your 
conversation, I have sought the Lord from my youth, and I feel 
he has sent j-ou with good tidings." 

"I had promised myself the pleasure of visiting the Zoologi- 
cal Gardens," said Elder R. , "and if you will allow me, I will 
take your little girls. It will be a source of amusement and 
instruction." 

"Certainly," answered mamma, "it will be a treat for them." 
The girls were highly delighted at the prospect of enjoying a 
visit to the gardens and hastened to put on their things. 

The Zoological Gardens were situated at the suburbs of the 
town, and consisted of a fine collection of beasts, birds and 
fishes. It was quite a pleasant day for a walk, and Elder R. 
and the girls set out on their visit- 
Mary and Ellen were in excellent spirits, and chatted with 
Elder R. who seemed to them an old and valued friend. They 
showed him 'ivhcre they went to school; the gaj- toys, the pretty 
pictures, the fine dresses, silks and lawns that the large glass 
plate front windows were 'dressed' with also attracted their 
attention. The horses and carriages that lined the streets, and 
the man with a "grinding organ" and a monkey dressed in a 
little red jacket and cap that danced to the music of the organ 
and begged for pennies, all came in for a share of attention. 
At length they arrived at the gardens, which were surround.'d 
by a very high and thick quickset hedge which prevented every 
thing inside from being seen from the outside. They passed 
through the iroii gates into well laid out walks and jilots of 
beautiful flowers cut in fantastic shapes — circles, half moons, 
and other fancy shapes — these were surrounded by a veiy nicely 
cut grass plat. The hum of the busy bee as it roved fiom 
flower to flower gathering the honey, the gaudy buttei-fly, and 
the active insects all was life and activity; there were cages of 
birds to which we will refer hereafter and the melody of their 
song arose upon the air and added joy and beauty to the scene. 
No one was allowed to gather the flowers, but there they 
bloomed to please the eye, gladden the heart and give enjoyment 
to the visitors. In my next 'visit' I will give you a descriiition 
of the animals, &e,, and Mary and Ellen's ride upon the 

elephant. 

To he Continued. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

H: I S T O I^; Y_0 IF vJESTJS 

CUAPTER III. 



J 



ESUS loved little children: He often took lliein in bis arms 
and blessed them, and he was heard to say "Of such is the 
kingdom of lieavcn," and he told the jieojile that if tlicy 
wanted to please God, and become members of His kingdom, 
they must be like little children, lie meant good children — those 
that obeyed their paii'iits ami teachers, and did not u.se bad 
language nor tell fiilsehoods. 

He taught the jiuoplc that they should not bt^ jiroud and 
haughty, and should not boast of wli.'il they did. and should not 
bo idle; but liny should be good and kind, ami always be doing 
somothing that was u.seful. Although .lesiis was the Son of 
God, ho vLsitod the poor uiid the humble and .spoke woi<ls of 



!^^^- 



I 

^9 



)'9 



CTTJ^En^ILE IISrSTI?.TJCTOI^ 




^ 



93U. 



comfort to them, and told all tlie people -who would listen to 
him, what thej- must do to be saved from the evils of this world, 
and hereafter be exalted to mansions of happiness, glory aud 
everlasting life. But many of the people in those days were 
wicked and loved wickedness, and many times when Jesus was 
trying to instruct aud do them good, they would seek to kill him. 

At one time, in the city of Nazareth where Jesus had lived, 
he was teaching the people in a house of wor.<hip, which by the 
Jews was called a synagogue; when a great many evil disposed 
persons joined together to contrive how they might destroy him, 
because he told them to forsake their sins aud do right. They 
hated him whenever he reproved them for iniquity, just as 
wicked people do men of God in the present day: aud they 
thrust him out of the synagogue and drove him out of the city 
to the top of the hill on which the city was built, intending to 
cast him down hoadlung, but the angels of God were around to 
guard and assist him, and he passed through the midst of the 
people and made his escape, and they had no power to hurt 
him. 

Thus Jesus went from place to place, and when they persecuted 
him in one city he went to another; and he performed many 
mh-acles, in healing the sick and in rebuking and casting out 
evil spirits that had entered into peoi)lc and were afflicting them. 
Sometimes the evil spirits, would speak; for instance, when he 
was teaching in a sj-nagogue in the city of Capernaum, there 
was a man pos.sessed of an evil spirit, and it called out and 
said, "Let me alone; what have I to do with thee, thou Jesus of 
Nazaretli? art thou come to destroy me? I know thee, who thou 
art, the holy One of God. ' ' And Jesus commanded it to hold its 
peace and come out of the man; and the evil spirit cried with a 
loud voice and departed. And the peojile that saw it were veiy 
much astonished. After tliis Jesus went into a house where a 
woman was lying sick of a fever, and he took her by the hand 
and rebuked the disease and it left her immediately, and she 
arose from her bed and administered to the comfort of those 
present. Then they brought many to him, that were sick of 
various diseases, and he laid Ids hands upon their heads and 
rebuked the diseases, and all were healed. And great midti- 
tudes flocked around him so that he had to rise very early in the 
morning to withdraw to (piiet and solitaiy places to pra.v. 
Perhaps .some might think that a man like Jesus, who could 
perform such great miracles would have no need for jirayer, but 
he was a praying man, and was very carefid to do the will of 
his Father in aU things. 'Wha.t a lovely example for us to 
follow! 

Jesus choss twelve Apostles from among those who 
believed on him — they were men wliom he had called fiom their 
various occupations; several of them were fishermen — none 
were learned men, for those who thought themselves wise 
according to the wisdom of tlii'< world, would not receive the 
pure and simple doctrine that Jc>us taught, and did not believe 
in him, for their hearts were not honest. 

When Jesu.s had ordained the twelve Apostles he sent them 
forth to preach, and told them to go without purse and scriji: 
aud he gave them power to do miracles, and told them to heal 
the sick, and cast out devils and rai.se the dead, wherever they 
found people that had faith to receive .such blessings. And tlu-y 
went forth two and two, into the country of Judca, and where- 
ever they went they i>reached saying, "Kcpcnt, for the kingdom 
of heaven is at ha)id." E. K. 8. 



ATTENDING TO BUSINESS. -An Irishman was laughed 
at for sleeping so soundly. '"When 1 slape, sir," he replied, 
''I attend to my business." He was right. That is the way to 
do all things. Do them well if you undertake to do them at all. 



-For the Juvenile Instructor. 



SUKNA;MI] is a name added to the first or Christian name, 
to indicate the family to which the individual bearing it 
belongs. Names were originally significaut, but after a long 
time the meaning of uiany of them has become quite obscure. 
In early ages of the world they had only one name tor each 
individual; as, Adam, Abraham, Moses. Modern nations have 
adopted various methods of distinguishing families. 

The Highlanders of Scotland enijiloyed the word Mac (son), 
hence, we have the JIcDonalds and McGregors, which mean 
the sons of Donald and the sous of Gregor. 

The Irish had the prefix Oij or 0', signifying grandson; as, 
O'Harah, O'Connor. The Irish also use the word Mac as the 
Highlanders do. 

The Old Normans had the word Fit:: jirefixed to their names, 
as, Fitz Williams, Fitz Morris. The Kussians ajjjily the termin- 
ation— ;;■;/;, and the Poles — shi, in the same sense; as, Peter 
Paulowitz; Peter, the son of I'aul; James I'etrosky; James, the 
son of Peter. 

In Wales, until a late period, no surnames were used, except 
ap (.son); as, Evan ap Griftith, ap David, ap Jenkin. To 
ridicule this nomenclature some wit describes cheese as being: 

"Adam's own cousin-german by its birth, 
Ap curds, ap niilli:, ap grass, ap earth." 

The ancient Britons, generally, used one name, but sometimes, 
though very seldom, they added another, as: Uther Pendragon, 
Caswallon Law Hir. 

The Saxons used the termination iiir/, signifj'ing offspring; 
as, Hearing, Browning, AVhiting; meaning, dear, dark, white 
or fair ofl'siiring. This termination was commonly added to the 
father's name; as, Ceowald Cuthing; Ceowald, the .son of Cuth- 
ing. In the twelfth century, it was considered a mark of disgrace 
to be without a sui'uame. A distinguished lady is represented 
as saying in respect to her suitor, who had but one name, 

"It were to nie a great .slianie 

To have a lord withouten liis twa-names." 

AVe have many surnames introduced from Normandy, known 
by the the French prefix De, Du, Des, De la, St; as, De Morti- 
mer, St J\Luire (Seymour). Other names have been introduced 
from foreign countries; as, French, from France; Dane or Denis 
from Denmark; Gale or Gael from Scotland; Wales, Wallis or 
Walsh from Wales.. We have also many surnames derived 
from occupation, office, mental qualities, natural objects, social 
relations, and from otlier miscellaneous sources; as, Smith, 
Thatcher, Carpenter, Farl, Knight, Scpiire, Gentleman, Strong, 
BIythe, Myrtle, Clay, Blaster, Child. Sometimes the Flnglish 
ad(3|it a whole sentence as a name; as, Golightly, Gotobet, 
Ilu.shout. D. 



j^nycoTJSEi nyciLXj 



"A" 



MOUSE mill! What is tliat?" Something new under 
the sun. In fact, this is a new age, and so many new 
and strange things are happening that people are beginning to 
say, "Oil, I'm not surprised at anything!" Mice do very well 
ti) nibble cheese, you say; but as for a moase mill, j'ou can't 
make out what it means. 

We thought as much, and so we will tell you the story about 
a mouse mill as wo have found it. A man in Scotland has 
trained a couple of mice, and invented madiinerj- to enable them 
to spin yarn. The work is done on the jn'inciple of the tread 
mill, and a common house-mouac is enabled to twist and reel 



i'?**; 



^ 

«.-< 



Cr"G"'VEn^ILE IlTSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



135 



IG^ 



from one hundred to cue hundred and twenty threads per day. 
To complete this the Httle fellow has to run ten miles and a half. 
This journey it makes every day with ease. An ordinary mouse 
weighs half an ounce. A halfpenny's worth of oatmeal, at one 
shilling and threepence a peck, serves one of these prisoners 
for the long period of five weeks. In that time it makes one 
hundred and ten threads a day, being an average of three 
thousand eight hundred and fifty threads of fifty-five inches, 
which is nearly nine lengths of the reel. A penny is paid to 
women for every cut in the ordinary way. At this rate a mouse 
earns ninepenee every five weeks, which is one farthing per day, 
or seven shillings and sixpence a year. Take sixpence ofli" for 
board, and a shilling for machinery, and there will remain six 
shillings of clear profit from everj- mouse yearly. This mouse 
employer is going, it is said, to lease a house large enough to 
hold ten thousand of the.se mou.se mills; and jhe yearly profit 
he expects to make from their work in twisting and reeling is 
from ten to twelve thousand dollars. His single mou.se mill is 
no doubt a very pretty and curious alFair; but qp to the ten thou- 
sand mouse mills, and the ten thousand dollars of profit that is 
another affair. 

The mouse is a briglit, active little fellow, though no favorite 
in our houses. The rapidity with which it can make a nest is 
surprising. It was mentioned in a pat?er some time ago, that 
in a farmer's house, a loaf of newly b^ked bread was placed 
upon a shelf, according to custom. Next day a hole was seen in 
the loaf and when it was cut open a mouse and her nest 
were discovered inside, the nest having been made of pajier. 
On examination the pa]ier was found to have been obtained 
frooi^ copy book, which had been torn into shreds and arrang- 
ed into the form of a nest. Within this curious home were 
nine young mice. Thus, in the space of thirty-eight hours at 
the most, the loaf must have cooled, the interior been nibbled 
out, the copy book found and cut into suitable pieces, the nest 
made and the vmrng brought into the world. 






vJOSEII^H Sn^/IITEC, THE 



A'\^ING related the events which happen- 
ed at Far West after Joseph and the breth- 
ren who were with him had been carried 
prisoners to Independence, Jackson county, 
we now return to Joseph again. A\'e left 
liirn a prisoner in Indciiendenoe. He and 
his fellow jirisoners had only been there a 
few days when Colonel Sterling d. I'rire 
arrived from the army of (jcneral Clark 
with orders to have them taken fcirthwith 
I'icliniond. Kay county. On tlie .'<lh of Xo- 
iiber, IK.'JS, they started with three puards 
only. Tliesc were all who cmdd be raised, 
ouph an entire day had been spent in trying 
I obtiiin tliem. Shortly after leaving Iiide- 
ce tlie guards got drunk, and Joseph .'ind ]i\< 
)ns took po.s.ses.«ion (if tlieir arms and iiorses. 
'.Hli they were met by Colonel Price witli a 
g\iard of about seventy-four men, and were eondui't- I 
ed by them to Kichnmnd. Tiieve they were tlinist into an old ; 
vacant house and strictly guarded. General Clark called upon ' 




them; but could not tell them, in reply to their inquiries, what 
were the charges against them or why thej' had been carried 
from their homes as prisoners. After he withdrew Colonel 
Price came in with two chains and a number of padlocks. He 
was accomjianied hy ten armed men, who, while they remained, 
.stood with their thumbs on the hammers of their guns, ready 
to shoot the prisoners if they .should resist. Price first had the 
windows nailed down; then, after fastening together the two 
chains he had brought with him, he ordered one of the men to 
chain the brethren together and lock the chain round each of 
their ankles with the padlocks. 

There were seven of them thus chained like so many wild 
beasts; and what for? Was it for any crimes or WTongs they 
had committed'? Their offences consisted in testifying to the 
truth. God had spoken from the heavens. He had sent His 
angels to minister unto men. He had restored the holy priest- 
hood and had revealed the principles and ordinances of the 
gospel once more to man upon the earth. Joseph and his 
brethren had declared these things, and had sought to do the 
Lord's will. They could not be truthfully accused of doing 
more than this. But with these vile men who persecuted the 
Saints in JMissouri, to bear witness to these truths was worse 
than to steal and murder. They chained and imprisoned, and 
would — if God had permitted — have killed the .servants of God 
for such testimonies. 

At night Joseph and his companions were all stretched on their 
backs in a row on the floor. This was the position in which 
they were compelled to repose. They tried to sleep; but the 
hard boards, the cold, the difficulty in turning over and the 
r jise of the guards, kept them awake. Brother Parley P. 
Pratt relates, in a vei-y interesting manner, a circumstance 
which occurred one night while they were thus confined. He 
was one of the prisoners with Joseph. 

"In one of those tedious nights," said ho, "we had lain as If 
in sleep, till the hour of midnight had passed, and our ears and 
hearts had been ijained, wliile we liad listened for hours to tho 
obscene jests, the horrid oaths, the dreadful lilasphemies and 
filthy language of our gtiards, Col. Price at their liead, as they 
recounted to each other their deeds of rapine, murder, robbery, 
etc., whieli they had committed among the 'Mormons,' whileat 
Far West and vicinity. Tliey even boasted of defiling by force, 
wives, daughters, and virgins, and of sliooting or d:\s;hing out 
tlie brains of men, women and children.- 

"I had,listened till I became so disgusted, shn<'ked, Iiorrificd, 
and so filled with the spirit of indignant justice, tliat I could 
scarcely refrain from rising upon my feet and rebuking tho 
guards, but had said nothing to Joseph, or any one else, 
allhougli I lay next to him and knew he was awake. On a 
sudden he arose to his feet, and spoke in a voice of thunder, or 
as the roaring lion, uttering as near as I can recollect, tho 
following words: 

" 'A7p»oc,— Ye /ieudx nf Hie infcrnnl pit. Tii Ihc name nf ,Tesus< 
Chrint I rebuke i/oh, and cummnnd i/oti to l>e .ilill; J will nut live 
anollieriiiitinle, and hear nueli lanr/iiai/e, ecatie siieh talk, or you 
or 1 die lids minute.' 

"lie ceased to speak. He stood erect in terrible majesty. 
Chained, and without a weapon,— calm, unrulUed and (\iginliod 
as an angel, he looked down upon the (piailing gminls, whoso 
knees sninle together, and who, shrinking into a <'orncr, or 
crouching at his feot, begged Ids parcUm, :iiid remaine.l (|iu<'l 
until e.xehange of guards. 

"I have seen tlKMninistcrs of justice, clothed in magisterial 
robes, and crinduals arrai;;ned before them, while life was 
suspended upon a bn-atli, in the courts of l^nghind; I have 
wilni-sseii a congress in solemn session to give laws to nations; 
I have' tried to conceive of kings, of royal courts, of thrones 
and crowns; and of emperors a.ssombU>d to decide th<! talc of 
kingdoms, but dignity and majesty have I seen but oiicr. as it 
s|o.)d in chains, at nudniglil, in a dungeon, in an ob.scuro 
village of Mis.souri." 






=^^^t! 



i.r* 



t)\ 



136 



0" TJ "^T E isr I L E IlSrSTI^TJGTOI?/. 



^ 



V^: 



General Clark spent most of his time for a few days, after 
Joseph and his companions' arrival at Richmond, in searching 
the laws. He wanted to find authorit}' for trying them by court 
martial. He professed to be a lawyer; but this proceeding 
showed how little he knew about law. ]Many boys of twelve 
years of age know that ministers of the gospel camiot be tried 
legally by a court martial. Court niartials are for the trial of 
military and naval men and the punishment of military and 
and naval offences, Jcseph was not a military man; he 
had not been guilty of a military offence. But Clark wrote 
to Governor Boggs and suggested the propriety of trying 
Joseph and the other brethren, who were prisoners, by a court 
martial far nuitiny. He added, however, that it being doubt- 
ful whetlier a court martial had the authority to try them, he 
wished the Governor to forward the opinion of the attorney 
general of the state on the subject. Ho finished his letter by 
saj-ing that Joseph and the others had committed treason. 
mnrJn; arson, hiirglartj, rohln'rij. larceny and perjury. 

If Clark could have tried Joseph and his companions by 
court martial he would have been delighted. He wanted to 
Iiave them shot. A court martial, he thought, would give him 
the authority to shoot them. Brother Jedediah JI. Grant, then 
a young man, happened to put up at the same tavern with 
General Clark at lliehmond. He saw Clark make choice of 
his men to shoot Joseph and his fellow-prisoners on JMonday. 
November 12th. He also saw the men who were selected make 
choice of their rifles, and load tlicm with two bullets each. 
General Clark then saluted them, and said: "Gentlemen, pou 
slinll hare the honor of shooting the Jlornwnleaders on Monday 
morning at 8 o'cloeh:" 

But his wishes could not be gratified. He saw that he could 
not accomplish the shooting, so he concluded to turn them over 
to the civil authorities for trial. On Tuesday, November 12th, 
]8:.'8, they were brought before Judge Austin A. Kiag. 
Thomas C. Burch was the attorney for the State. Both King 
and Burch had been on the court martial at Far West when 
Joseph and the brethren who were with him had been sentenced 
to be shot. A little I'cflection will show you, children, how very 
unlit they were to have anything to do with the trial of Joseph. 



For the .JiivcnUe Instructor. 
(■HEAT Salt Lake City, July 31, 1807. 

My Dear Celestia and Liigenia, 

I CANNOT express the pleasure I felt when I received your 
nice, kind letters. I am sorry I could not have replied 
but I trust^ your goodness will pardon me the delay. I am nuich 
]jleascd to hear that you and your associates are ju-ogressing 
in your studies. There is a great deal to be learned to pre- 
pare -j'ou to become wise and acfomjilishcd men and women. 
You are some of the daugliters of Ziim, and one of tiie ancient 
]irophets said that the daughters of Zion were to become like 
polished stones, and you know that pnli.ihed .stones are worth 
more, and are much more beautiful than rough ones. You are 
greatly blest in having a father and mother who are anxious to 
have their children iini)rove, and become, not only useful men 
and women, but also ornaments in society. Pretty behavior is 
more ornamental to a young lady, than rich clothes, and those 
who are careful to behave politely and genteely at home with 
their parents and brothers and sisters, need not have any fears 
but what they will conduct themselves properly abroad, and in 
the presence of strangoi's. It is just as easy to be polite and 
genteel, as it is to be rude and umnamierly. It all has to be 
learned, and it is quite as easy to learn to do right as it is to 
Jearii to do wrong, if people and children woidd only take 



t'i^S^' 



thought so as to practice that which is most proper, and that 
which is most calculated to elevate and refine. But after 
children have established rough and improper habits, it is hard 
for them to change. Study to be polite and genteel in your 
behavior all the time, and with everybody, and do not neglect 
your manner of speaking. Some young girls never seem to 
think about the way they speak, and instead of cultivating a 
pleasing and agreeable manner, they huddle their words up 
together, and pay no more attention to the accent and sound 
of words, and of their voices than wild animals do. I think 
this is a great ])it>-, fiir there is no greater ornament to a young 
lady, than to be '■handsome spoken." It is what can in a good 
degree, be cultivated. 

Please give my love to your dear mothers and sisters, and all 
of your aunts in your dear father's family, ^\lth love to yoil 
and all good little children. E. E. S. 



THE I-.ittxj:e : 






Tliere's a dear little bird on the gate post, 
Trilling a merry lay; 

And its feathers are liriglit 

"With the red sunlight, 
That beams -from the ox^ening day. 

Its song is all of the spring time, 
In^ow hastening over the hills, 

With leaves for the bowers; 

And fresh blooming Howers, 
And laughter and song for the rills. 

With grass on the hill-sides springing, 
And lilue for the clouded sky; 

Witli buds for the trees, 

And sweets for the bees, 
And zephyrs wandering by. 

This little l>rown bird on the gate-post, 
V ncx'cr a king on his throne. 

With his power and might, 

And his jewels so bright, 
A happier heart may own. 

Now he's finished his strain, and pluming 
Kaeh little brown shining wing. 

He's off tluongh the air, 

To warble elsewhere 
Ills beautiful song of the spring, • 

-Selected. 



o h: j^ E. j^ X) E - 



BY J. II. PARRY. 



I am composed of 15 letters. 
i\Iy 1, ):i, .'-!, 12, 8, IS a man's name. 
IMy 15, 2, 14, is worn by mail and woman. 
jMy 4, 7, 8, 12, 2, 7, is a Lamauite. 
jMv '.), Ill, 6, 14, is an animal. 
IMy 10, II, o, is the opposite of young. 

jMy whole is the title of some good pieces written for the 
Juvenile iNsxRicrda. 



IPSF" The answer to the Charade in number 15 is MAN- 
CIll'lSTIIK. Correct reiilies were received from J. Tavey, J. 
Bull, jr., Annie M. Jarvis, O. F. Whitney and Seth Ollarton. 



J-TJ-VIElSriLE insrSTI^TJOTOK. 

la piibh.'ilied in Great Sttit Latce Cify, Utah Territory, 
ON Till'; KIK.ST & FIFTEKNTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum ?'! 00 

.Siugle Copy, lor Six Mouths 1 50 



wv&maEasyBOBa 



