

TTAPPY, happy days of childhood ! Who of us cannot 
-*--'- look back to days of happiness spent in childhood? 
Unfortunate, indeed, is the person who cannot, for the happi- 
nessof childhood, 
alas! is the only 
real hapi)iness 
that many per- 
sons are des- 
tined to see in 
this life. The 
miserable criminal 
who toils in the 
chain gang, or 
drags out a wea- 
ried and comfort- 
less existence be- 
hind prison bars, 
as a result of hi> 
misdeeds, may 
have spent as hap- 
py a childhood as 
the most favored 
of earth's sons. 
The bloated 
drunkard who.se 
only solace is the 
oblivion which 
strong drink pro- 
duces may at one 
time have enjoj'- 
cd all the innocent 
bliss that child- 
hood know.s. 

The liappiness 
of ehildliood is 
dei)endent rather 
upon health than 
wealth or worldly 
surroundi ngs. 
Tlie ragged, illrty, 
neglected children 
who take to the 

u<l, like gutter- 




snipes, and who make mud pies and play "pop" with clay, 
without restraint, appear to enjoy life quite as well as the 
liampered children of the rich. The little boy in the picture, 

— with his broken 
wagon full of 
stones, and his 
little sister with 
a load upon her 
head, are just as 
haiijij' as if they 
were dressed in 
jeweled silks, and 
riding in the finest 
carriage in the 
land. 

Xor is the hap- 
13 i n e s s among 
children confined 
to any clime or 
race of i)eoplc. 
Go among the ig- 
norant, degraded 
Indians that roam 
over the plains, 
and live in squalid 
w i c k e n ]i s, and 
you will find their 
ofl'si)ring indulg- 
ing in the iinio- 
ccnt s|iorts of 
childhood w i t h 
as much relish as 
the children of 
the more favored 
while race. 

Nor is hapjii- 
ness in mature 
years somiich the 
result of birth 
and station as 
many jieople im- 
aLiinc. This is 
s(im r t h i n s 




^^ 



74= 



>jTJ^rE]iNrii-.E] iisrsTiE^vTJGToi^. 




waut our young readers to remember. We know that mah.v 
boys and girls and men and women are apt to deplore their 
hard lot, and to grumble that fortune or somebody else has 
not favored them. They are apt to look with envy upon those 
who possess what they lack, and what they consider essential 
to their happiness, and give way to discontent, whieh lessens 
rather than ineroa.ses their happiness. 

Happiness is within the reaeh of the poor as well as the rich. 
It can be secured by obedience to the laws of (^od, which are 
also the laws of nature. AVe may secure it by striving to bo 
cheerful and contented, aud thankful for what we have. AVe 
may secure it by trying to make othei-s hapi)y, and we may do 
all these things though we axe ever so poor. But if we violate 
the laws of God, and give way to repining and fault-tinding, 
and if we. are selfish and care nothing for the hai)pincss of 
othei's, we can never be happy, though we may jiosse.ss untold 
wealth. 

The criticism of Goldsmith upon the national eharactcristi(! 
of the French people might serve a.s a key for us, whereby to 
obtain happiness. He wrote: 

"They please, are piea.se(l, they give to get fi.«tecni; 
"Till, seeming blest, thsy grow to what they seem." 

Happiness seldom comes from self-indulgence. AVe know 
that many persons are apt to imagine, when viewing with 
envious eyes the luxuries possessed by others, that if they only 
had them to indulge in they would be truly hapi)y. ]5ut 
jirobably, if the truth were known, the iio.sses.sors of those 
]u.\uries are no more liappy than tho.se who envy tliem. 

On the other hand, .self-denial is a fruitful cause of happi- 
ness. The faithful Elders who have been abroad upon mis- 
sions will testify that they never were hapjiicr in their lives 
than when proclaiming the gospel to strangers, in a strange 
land. A\'ithi>ut a cent in their j)iickct, without knowing where 
they would get their next meal, laboring without hope of 
eartldy reward, having denied them.selves the comforts of 
home and the suciety of family and friends, the S|)irit of God 
and the eonsi-inusne.ss that they were doing their duty nnide 
them supremely liappy. And here we have the true source 
of L'enuinc happine-^s — the hafipiness that reasoning beings of 
mature years can enjoy. Children may be hajipy in their 
innocent sports, because unconscious of earc or trouble. 
The inebriate or the victim of opium may imagine himself 
hapi>y when luider the exhilarating iiitluence of the deadly 
drug or the liipiid poison; but real, true happines to the 
sen-ible, reaxoning person conies only from the ])ossession of 
the Spirit of God and the approval of a good conscience. 
This .Hource of happiness is open to all whr) will obey the laws 
of God and lead pure lives, but it is cfTectually closed against 
thiisc who are vicious and refuse t" comply wilh these cori- 
dilii n-. 



How TO .AFr.A.«rRF. the Hkiht ok Tkkks. — AVhen a tree 
.■-tand> so that the shadow can lie measured, its hight can be 
a.-'ciTtained as fulluws: Set a .-tick upright — let it be perpen- 
dicular by the phnnb line. Mi-asurethe lengtli of the shadow 
of the stirk. As the length nf its shadow is to the hight of 
the .-tirk. SI) is the length of the shadow of a tree to its 
hight. ]''or in«tance: if the stick is four feet above the ground, 
and its shadow is six feet in length, and tlie shadow of the 
tree is ninety feet, its liight will Ik; sixly feet, 'i: -1; 'M>: Co. 
In other words, niidtiply the Icnslh of the shadow of the 
tree Viy the Icncth of the stick, airl divide by the length of 
the .-hadow of the >tick. 



MODERN DISCOVERIES 



nr BETH. 



AHISTOFiY of Egypt umlerthe Pharaohs, derived entirely 
from tlie monuments, by Henry Brugseh Bey, has been 
translated from the German, and it is reviewed in the AtJatific 
.VonthJi/. Like everything else relating to the ancient Egypt- 
ians, there is much which is speculative, but nevertheless 
interesting, as we all wish to know all that can be known about 
that mysterious people. This new commentator or reviewer 
of Hr. Brugseh's work on early Egyptian history entirely 
ignores the value of any inferences made by Profes.sor I'iazzi 
Smith as to the object of the Great Pyramid, about which so 
much has been said. Of course, this is interpolated for the 
purpose of throwing discredit on the value of those researches 
made by pyramidologists, who, whether right or wrong, are 
denounced without a hearing, upon evidence entirel}' negative, 
namely, "Dr. Brug.?eh nowhere alludes to this ingenious folly, 
that we remember." So it is just ]iossible the researches of 
Professor Piuz/.i Smith may yet be foimd not entirely negatived 
by these more modern researches. 

As to the value of the notice taken by the reviewer of the 
labors of Professor Smith, it may be gathered from his 
remarks: "This eminent mathematician has attempted to 
prove that a king used all the resources of a reign in erecting 
a pile five hundred feet high, in order to make clear to future 
ages the ]ioints of the compa.ss and the precise length of a 
Jewi.sh cubit; and all tiiis ages before the Jews had been 
'evolved.'" 

No\N, this isnoargument worthy of notice, as every attentive 
reader of history knows, as kings h:ive used the resources of a 
reign, and still do so, fiir more ignoble jmrposes than determin- 
ing the proportions and creating permanent standards of 
weights and measures. 

Incidentally, allusions are made tothe times of the 'ludiappy 
Canaanites" who were mercilessly slaughtered by direction of 
the ancient Pharacdi.s. A\'e are told that "Banises, IT., nnidc 
Zoan-Tanis his seat. He built it anew, strengtheiu'd its forti- 
ficatiois, and made it the key of ]''gypt. Hence it came to 
be known by his name. The papyri show that this immense 
work was done bj'.slaves, th(uigh they are never mentioned as 
Israelites or Hebrews." 

All of this is in harmony with the Biblical .statement.s. 
'"J'his Hamses was the father of the princess who found and 
reared the infant Moses." 

He goes on to show that one of the sons of this IJani.si'S, 
who wa.s wicked enough to have fifty-nine sons and sixty 
daughters, this fourteenth child, named .Alineptah, a.scended 
the throne lilHl, B. C, and that it was in his reign that the 
exodus took jilace. 

This king is rejiresented as '"a cowardly, vacillating, weak 
and insignificant monarch" — just such a man as we should 
expect a persecutor of the hou-e of Israel to be. 

The ingenious way in which the exodus is shown to lia\<' 
been po.ssible is worthy of imr notice, as Latter-day Saints: 
'"The gate of the east was no longer .strictly kept, else the 
exoilus could not have transpireil." One pas.sage is worthy of 
entire (piotation, so do.sely does it agree with the Mosaic 
account. Speaking of the exodus: 

''From Pi-Kamses in a direct linulo old Pelusinin the course 
woulil havelc'l over marshes and lagoons. The .sea of Scrbonis 
lies eastward of llu' old Pelusiac mouth of the Nile. It was 
a sea of shallows, and filled with jiapyrus" (bulrushes) "ana 








j""cr"^Eisrii_,E in^sTi^TJOToi^. 



lA 



75 



(f 



other aquatic plants, but is now almost dried u)3. A narrow 
strip of laud divided it from the .Mediterranean Sea. The 
point aimed at after leaving Sukot" (as mentioned in the 
Biblical Eccount) "was rihakhiroth (the entrance ' to the 
gulfs), between Migdal (the tower) and the sea, over against 
Baal Zephon (a noted temple). To 3Ioses, going eastward, 
this wa^- the inevitable route. The danger of marching on 
the borders of Serbonis was well known in ancient times." 
"The Israelites set forth from Zoan-llamses on an easterly 
course, and in a day's march reached Succoth. This means 
the name or district of Sukot, of which Pi-t^im was capital 
(from Zoau to Pitom was twenty miles). The next day, 
according to the Bible, they encamped at Ethani, having 
marched about the same distance. The worJ should have 
been Khetam, which signifies a f<jrtrcss. '•-' "' * It was on 
the borders of the desert, and tliore was no further obstruc- 
tions in the way to Canaan; but by divine command the 
Isiaelites turned to the north, passed by Migdol, a noted 
monument, and reached the western extremity of Serbuuis. 
Here was the entrance to the narrow strip of land between 
the 3Iediterranean and the Serbonian Sea. The royal troops 
(of Pharaoh) came up, with the fugitives (the Israelites) near 
the sea 'between Pi-hahiroth, before Baal Zephon.' Rather 
than give battle with the waters in his rear (even if he had 
been able) 3Ioses pushed along the sand bar and reached 
Jlount Casius in safety. The Egj'i)tians rashly pursued. A 
great wave from the north swept over the Ijarrier, and the 
awful tragedy of a drowned army followed.'' 
( To he Continued. ) 



i-» — <a- »» 



BOOK OF MOniNION SKF^TCHES. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 




[Continued.) 
'T^HE Nejjhites prepared to meet the Lamaui;es, for battle, 
-^ in the land of Jershon. At this time one of the most 
able characters spoken of in Nephite history came to the front 
to act a prominent part in public afl'airs. Moroni, at the age 
of twont}--five years, was appointed to the command of all the 
Nephite armies. He met the Lamanites on the borders of 
Jershon, and inaugurated a new era in the wars of the Ne- 
phites. Their army appeared on the field of battle, for the first 
time, in defensive armor for the head, breast and arms, and 
with thick clothing. This gave them an advantage for which 
the army of Zaraheranah was whollj' unpre]iared. While the 
offensive weapons of the latter ajtpear to have been equally good 
with those of the Nephitcs, their clothing, with the exception of 
the Zoramites and Ainalekites, consisted only of a skin about 
the loins. The Lamanites soon appreciated the advantages of 
the defensive armor of the Neidiites, and retreated from 
Antionum. They marched in a round-about direction in the 
wilderness, evidently expecting to deceive Jloroni in their 
movements. But he sent spies to watch them, and also sent 
to the prophet Alma to inquire of the Lord wlierc tlie Laman- 
ites would go, that lie might be prejiared to meet thenu 
Alma sent word that they were marching towards the head 
ofHlie river Sidon, with the design of crossing it into the land 
of ]\Ianti, and attacking the Nc|dnlcs where they were n(jt 
]ireparcd. 

Wuroni, deeming it unwise (o ]ca\i' ihc pruviNcc cif Jershon 
defcn.sele.ss, left part of his army (here, lie imik llic rest dl' 
his army and, crossing the Sidon lower duwri tliari wasllie 
enti(]n of the Liinianites, tnok a mui'c direct mufe I'm- 



JIanti, and arrived at the crossing of the river before them. 
The inhabitants of the country rushed to his standard and 
reinforced his army in time for the coming Lamanites. In 
the meantime his spies kept him informed of their movements. 
Being able, under the circumstances, to choose his own time 
and place for attacking the enemy, he crossed a part of his 
army over to the east side of the Sidon, and secreted them 
behind a ridge called Riplah, south-east of the crossing, in 
the oijposite direction from which the Lamanites were march- 
ing. The part of his forces remaining on the west side of the 
river he concealed in the valley south of the crossing towards 
the land of Manti. Lehi commanded the forces on the east 
side of the river. As the Lamanites came up from the north 
and passed the hill Riplah into the valley, and began to cross 
the Sidon, Lehi led out his army and encircled them on the 
east in the rear. As soon as the Lamanites comprehended 
their position, they turned about, and the work of death 
commenced. With the advantage of defensive armor, the 
Nephites made terrible havoc among their enemies. This 
great destruction fiightened the Lamanites, and they retreated 
towards the Sidon, and were forced across it by the pursuing 
Nephites, who, however, remained on the east bank. JMoroni 
was prei)ared to receive the Lamanites on the west side, and 
the conflict was renewed. They attempted to retreat towards 
the land IManti, but were met by the Nephites on every side. 
The conflict now became exceedingly fierce and bloody. The 
Lamanites in their desperation would often send their steel 
clean through the defensive armor of the Nephites. The 
desperation and greatly superior numbers of the Lamanites 
for some time made the result of the conflict doubtful. 

]\Ioroni, fully aware of the importance of the crisis, reminded 
his men of the immense interests at stake, even life, liberty 
and all that the heart of man holds dear. One universal cry 
for liberty and freedom ascended to heaven from this struggling 
army. With renewed strength and energy they bore down 
upon the enemy, and forced them towards the waters of the 
Sidon. Although double the Nephites in numbers, they were 
forced together in one body on the bank of tlie river. When 
they discovered that they were completely surrounded by the 
army of Moroni on the west, and that of Lehi on the oast 
side of the river, they were struck with terror. As soon as 
jNIoroni saw this he ordered the slaughter to cease, and with-'' 
drew a little from the Lamanites. He then held a parley 
with Zarahemnah, in which, after rehearsing the motives 
which actuated each of the parties in this conflict, he com- 
manded the Lamanites to give up their arms. He proff'ered, 
if they would do so, and covenant not to take up arms pgainst 
the Nephites again, that their lives should be spared, and 
they should have the privilege of returning to their country. 
On the other hand, if they would not aecejit these terms, the 
slaughter should continue until they were exterminated. 
Zarahemnah gave up his weapons to Jloroni, but refused to 
take the required oath, giving as a reason that he knew cither 
they or their children would break it. He pioposed to sur- 
render on tiicsc conditions and depart into the wilderness, 
otlicrwise they would retain their swords and peri.sh or conquer. 
iMiironi returned the weapons of Zarahemnah, saying, "we 
will end the conflict." At the same time he declared that the 
]janianitcs should not depart excejit under ciath (hat (liey 
W(mi(l not make war again on the Nephites. 

/aralieMiM:ih became angry with Jloroni, and rushed for- 
ward t(i kill him, but as lie raisc^d his sword he was disarmed 
by (luc (if .Miiniiii's nien, :iiid llie hill n{' his sword was broken. 
'I'Ik' same iiiaiJ smote oil' his sealji, and, picking it up I'mm 





76 



CTTJ^EIsrilLE] IlSrSTI^TJGTOT^. 



-^^* 

s 



the ground, exposed it to the LamaDites, on the point of his 
sword, and said with a loud voice, ' 'Even as this scalp has 
fallen to the earth, which is the scal]i of your chief, so shall 
ye fall to the earth, except ye shall deliver up .vour weapons 
of war, and dejiart with a covenant of peace." 3Iany who 
saw and heard this were struck with fear, threw down their 
weapons, made the required covenant nf jieaee, and departed 
to their own cotintry. Zarahenmah. notwithstanding the loss 
of his scalp, was very angry, and stirred up the remainder of 
his soldiers to renew the conflict. The naked Lanianites fell 
raiiidly before the swords of the Xephites, and were being 
swept down as the soldier had predicted. 

When Zarahenmah saw that they were all about to be 
destroyed, he cried out to Moroni that he and his men would 
take the renuired oath, if he would spare the lives of the 
remainder. The conditions were fulfilled on both sides, and 
the Lanianites dejiarted into the wilderness. The slaughter 
had been so great that the dead were not counted, but thrown 
into the river Sidon, to float down to the sea. 
( 7'o lie ContuiutJ.) 



11^ i f] r a jj li ij . 



vJO 



P53: SilVEXTIT, 



THZIQ 




( f'nntiinieil. ) 

Dl'.NX presented an order from Governor Fiird for all the 
State arms in po.ssession of the Xauvoo Legion. This 
order Jciseph immcdiatclv countersigned. 

lie aNo addresseil a letter to the governor, stating that he 
had met C'.i|it!;in Ihinn. learned his errand, and had concluded 
to return to Nauvno with him to see that the delivery was 
)prop<'rly made; after which, he should accompany him to 
Carthage and cheerfully .submit to any requsition of the 
governor's. 

In alluding to this ao'ioo of Ford's we can not find language 
to exprc-s the friirhtful baseness of his conduct. In the 
mid^t of an armed mob whom he new to be thirsting f>r the 
blood of .To-eph and the jpcople of X mvoo, he could not bo 
ignorant of what the effect would be of taking away the 
arms of the Legion. He not only wanted them di.sbanded, 
but disarmed. Di-^banded men, if they had arms, wjro still 
capabli' of ban'linir together and defending themselves, or of 
avenirinL' any outra-je that might be committed on the persons 
of tbi'ir Iraib.-rs. It was n^t safe, therefore, to sulVcr tlnin to 
have any arms that could bo taken from them. He wi>hed 
them to bo made as defenseless and helpless as possible; and 
could he have had the power, he wotild have had them tied 
hand an 1 foot and laicl at the feet of the mob for them to 
wrc:ik thiir liloody \engoance upon them free from danier. 
ISut even if they shouM refu-e to give up the State arms, and 
atlcnipt any overt act, he hoped still to have thi'm in liis 
power: he could call their actions trea.-on, and then he would 
have an e.tnuse for letting loose his mob militia upon fhem, 
and their destruction would be sure. Was ever conilnct more 
cold-blooded and devili«h than thi>? Historj' maybe seatchcd 
in vain for a LTcatcr instance of ))ertidy in a nisn who held 
no greater power than Fonl did. If he had po.s.sc.ssed the 



power of a Nero or an Ahab, his acts would have exceeded 
theirs in atrocity and cruelty. 

It was with reluctance that the men gave up their arms. 
They would, of course, have done anything that Joseph 
requested of them. But they looked upon this as a trap. 
They had been required to give up their arms in Far West, 
and they knew what followed; and they thought this delivery 
on this occassion was for the purpose of leaving them in a 
condition that their foes could kill them. Joseph rode down 
home twice to bid his fiiuiily farewell. He appeared solemn 
and thoughtful, and he said to several individuals that he 
expected to be murdered. The expression of his countenance, 
as he was about to leave his house, is as vividly impressed 
on the writer's mind to-day as if, instead of it being thirty- 
six years ago, it were but yesterday. His face was pale, even 
for him whose countenance never wore a high color, and there 
was a look of mental suffering on his features that must have 
pained all who knew and loved him. He looked like a man 
who knew he was going to certain death. Just before 
mounting his horse to ride away, he had some conveisation 
with a man who^ was at the mansion (we understood at the 
time he was a lawyer), and asked him to go with him. Hi 
refused. Joseph repeated his request, offering him his 
favorite horse, "Joe Duncan," to ride; but he persisted in his 
refu-al. We were a boj' at that time; but we felt indignant 
at his not complying with Joseph's repeated desire; his 
conduct appeared unfeeling. 

Joseph doubtless felt, as matters had then turned, that 
he must give himself up, let the consequences be what they 
might, or the inhabitants of the city woitld be destroyed by a 
lawless mob, under the sanction of the governor. He had 
stood in the post of danger always, the brunt of the battle 
had fallen upon him, and his breast had been continually 
exi'osed to the sha'ts of the wicked. He would not falter or 
shrink now. Had the people valued him as they should have 
done, he might have been spared much difficulty and suffer- 
ing. In the present instance, had they been fully awake 
to his peril, they would have used every effort to prevent him 
from going to C.irthage and placing himself in the power of 
the worse than wild beasts who were there. Better, far 
better, would it have -been for the people to have permitted 
Josejih to go away, and borne whatever vengeance the governor 
would have seen proper to have visited ui)on them, than to 
have had him murdered. But had Joseph been kept in 
safety, and had the governor and his crew become convinced 
that he was beyond their reach, we are morally certain the 
storm would have jiassed over and the people and the city 
would not have sufl^'cred. There was a feeling among the 
Saints that Joseph was to live lie had been in many troubles 
before and had escaped in safety, and it was jiresumed that 
he would also on thisocca'-ion. The people, however, learned, 
by sad experience, that thougli this is the last dispensation, 
the wicked are permitted to kill protdiets and apostles now 
as well as in ancient days. Has the Church profited by the 
lesson? Do its members value the life of God's prophet, 
whom they have to lead them today, more than they do their 
own .selfish desire.-? Would they, should dilficulty ever arise, 
prefer standing in the gap themselves than to have him ilo so? 
We sincerely hope they would. 

( To he Cinitliniril. ) 



M.VN.NKR is one of the greatest engines of influence ever 
given to man. if 






crTJ'^3i]n^iL:E] xisr&'rT^TjGrro:^. 




THE ART OF AVAR AMONG THE 
NEPHITES. 



BY G. R. 




NO sooner had the separation taken plao'? between the 
families of Nephi and Laman, and the foundation been 
laid for the two nations that for a thousand years contested 
for supremacy on this continent, than Nephi, to protect his 
people from the impending attacks of the Lamanites, found 
it necessary to prepare for war. He took the sword of Laban, 
and, using it as a pattern, fashioned many others, which he 
distributed amongst his subjects as a means of defense. The.se 
swords, with cimeters, spears, javelins, darts, bows and arrows, 
.slings and stones, appear to have been the principal weapons 
of war used by the .Nephites throughout their entire national 
existence, though reference is more than once made to 
unnamed and undescribed weapons. We have no reason to 
imagine from any of the descriptions of their battles that 
gunpowder or any like composition was known to them. It is 
more probable that the unnamed weapons were something of 
the same kind as the ancient ballista and catapult, (machines 
used by the ancients for throwing stones, arrows, etc.,) and 
used for the same purposes. From the abundance of metallic 
ore in the regions most densely populated by the Nenhites, 
and the oft-mentioned skill possessed by their artizans in the 
working of iron, steel, brass and copper, we have no reason 
for suppo.sing that less satisfactory substitutes were brought 
into use in the manufacture of their weapons. There was no 
necessity for using bone, flint, etc., when metal was so 
abundant and its preparation so well understood. 

The acJounts we have of the early wars between the two 
races are but mere notices of the fact of their occurrence and 
results. It is not until the days of the judges that anything 
like details are given. At that time the Nephites had adopted 
the use of defensive plate armor for their heads, bodies and 
thighs; they also carried shields and wore arm plates. These 
arts for the protection of the soldiers were carried to their 
greatest excellence under Moroni, during the first half of the 
last century before Christ. This officer, one of the greatest, 
if not actually the greatest, general the Nephite race ever 
gave birth to, appears to have made a great revolution in 
their military affairs. He re-organized their armies, compelled 
more stringent discipline, introduced new tastics, developed 
a greatly superior system of fortification, built towers and 
citadels and altogether placed the defensive powers of the 
commonwealth on a new and stronger footing. The Lamanites, 
who appear to have developed no capacity for originating, 
but were apt in copying, also, in course of time, ado]ited 
defensive armor, and when they captured a weak Nephite city 
they frequently made it a stronghold by .'urrounding it with 
ditches and walls after the .system introduced and put into 
execution by Moroni. 

The foundation of Moroni's .system of fortification was 
earthworks encircling the plaee to be defended. The earth 
was dug from the outside, by which means a ditch was formed. 
Sometimes walls of stone were erected. On the top of the 
earthworks strong defenses of wood, sometimes breastworks, 
in some ca.ses to the full height of a man, were rained, and above 
the.se a stockade of pickets (undoubtedly '|uite another affair 
to our gardini pickets) was built to arrest the flight of the 
stones and arrows of the attacking forces. Those arrows etc., 
that passed above the pickets, fell, witho\it ddiiig injury, 
ind the troops who were defending the wall. P.ei^ides 



these walls, towers were raised at various convenient points 
from which observations of the movements of the enemy 
wore taken, and wherein corps of archers and slingers wei'e 
stationed during the actual continuance of the battle. From 
their eleva'.ed and commanding position, these bodies of 
soldiers could do great injury to the attacking force. 

To make this subject yet plainer we insert a few extracts 
from the Book of Mormon, that have a bearing thereon. 

In the year B. C. 73 a severe war was beii;g waged, in which 
Moroni had command of the Nephite armies and Amalieklah 
of tho'^e of their foes. It is written that at this time Moroni 
erected "small forts, or places of resort; throwing up banks of 
earth round about, to enclose his armies, and also building 
walls of stone to encircle them about, round about their cities 
and the borders of their lands; yea, all around about the 
land; and in their weakest fortifications, he did place the 
greater number of men; and thus he did fortify and strengthen 
the land which was possessed by the Nephites." * 

The year following Moroni caused his soldiers to dig "up 
heaps of earth round about all the cities, throughout all the 
land which was possessed by the Nephites; and upon the top 
of the.se ridges of earth he caused that there should be timbers; 
yea, works of timbers built up to the hight of a man, round 
about the cities. And he caused that upon those works of 
timbers, there should be a frame of pickets built upon the 
timbers round about; and they were strong and high; and 
he caused towers to be erected that overlooked those works of 
pickets, and he caused places of security to be built upon 
those towers, that the stones and the arrows of the Lamanites 
could not hurt them. And they were prepared, that they 
could cast stones from the top thereof, according to their 
pleasure and their strength, and slay him who should attempt 
to approach near the walls of the city. Thus Jloroni did 
prepare strong holds against the coming of their enemies, 
round about every city in all the land." t 

Again in the same war the Lamanite pri-soners were set to 
work "digging a ditch round about the land, or the city 
Bountiful; and he" (Moroni) "caused that they should build 
a breastwork of timbers upon the inner bank of the ditch; 
and they cast up dirt out of the ditch against the breastwork 
of timbers; and thus they did cause the Lamanites to labor 
until they had encircled the city of Bjuntifal round about 
with a strong wall of timbers and earth, to an exceeding 
hight. And this city became an exceeding strong hold ever 
after." J 

( T(i he Continued. ) 

A ITiNT FOR Young Mkn. — Not long ago a young man of 
this city had an ojiportunity to enter a business house in this 
State, at a large increase over his i)resciit salary, with a jiro.s- 
]H;ct of soon getting a place in the firm. 

Ilis recommendations were first cla.ss, and the olhcers of the 
institution were highly pleased with his appearance. 

They, however, made him no jiroposals, nor did they state 
their favorable impressions. A gentleman of this city was 
I'ciiuested to ascertain where the young man spent his evenings, 
and what class of young men his associates were. 

It was found that he sjicnt several nights of the week in a 
billiard-rniiiM on .Main Street, and Sunday afternoon drove a 
hired s|i;in iiitn the ciinMlry with llii'ce (illicr bliHids. He is 
wondering why he didn't hear from the house couccrniiig that 
ciivct<'d ]iiisition. — Sjirini/Jiilil Union. 



-Miiok <>r .M<inii 







'=^y- 



f ^ 78 



CrTJ^En^II-.E i:N"STi^TJGTOI^, 




^j\i^ lluuenil^ |(njitructoi;. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APEIL ], 1880. 



EIDITOI?.IJ^Xj THOTJGHITS. 





IFTV years ajro a great ami iniportaiit 
event occuired. Ou the sixth of April' 
1S30, the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints was organized. It was 
done by revelation and conniuuidniont 
from God, through the instrumentality 
of Joseph Smith, the jiniphet. The 
ilace wa.s the house of 3Ir. AVhituier, at 
•"ayette, Seneca County, Now York. 
When organized, the Church consisted of si.x 
embers; that is, five jersons in addition to 
iseph Smith, the jirophet. Their names were 
liver Cowdery, Ilyrum Smith, Peter Whitmer, 
-., Samuel II. Smith and David Whitmer. 
fiftieth anniversary of this remarkable and 
jfyf&i^X aus])icious event is to be observed by the Saints 
^\ 1 Jv" "{""erally as a jubilee. A jubilee signifies a time of 
/ public festivity ami rejoicing. In a more particular 

manner the year of jubilee was ob.served by the ancient Jews, 
or Hebrews rather, every fiftieth year, in commenu)ration (jf 
their deliverance from bondage in Egypt. At this Hebrew 
iubilcc all debts were forgiven, all bondservants, slaves and 
captives were set free, and all estates which had gone out nf 
the hands of the original proprietors were given back to them. 
or to their descendants. A jubilee of this kind canni)t, under 
l)rcsent circumstances, be celebrated by the Saints; but a 
jubilee of gladness and rejoicing at the goodness and mercy of 
(lod can be ob.served, and it uuiy last all the year, so fiir as is 
convenient and desirable. 

The Saints have abundant cause fur lliankfulms- t<i ( Idd, 
They have plenty of reason to be glad, and rejoice at what 
He has done for them, not only in the organization ol' the 
Church, but in regard to His goodness to them all their lives, 
and fir the many deliverances which, in His kind jirovidence. 
He lias wriiut'ht out for them since they became conneeted 
with His Cbin-cb. 

I?eforo the Lord re\ea'ed Mis will to ,Jo.-epli Smilh. which 
rciiilted in the or/anizaiion of the Church, the world was in 
darkness. It was without the gos;iel. without the ]iriesthood, 
without authority from (lod to adminisfer in any of the 
ordinances of salvation, and con>C(picntly without any know- 
Icdte of the way of eternal life, or any means of being siivcd 
and exalted in the kini-'doni of (!.iH. H.i' since the Church 
was organ'zed, tlie Saints have had the priesthood, have had 
a knowledge of the go.'-fel of Jesus Christ, liave had authority 
in the Church to administer in the ordinance of salvation, and 
conser|nently have had with theui a knowV-re of the way 
of salvation, by whii-h they can be saved and o.xalteil in the 
jire^ence of (lod. the K.ither, and of His ."^.in Josus Cliri-t. 

^fen, wonic'n !>nd ebildrcn can have tio greater cause than 
this to rcjoiei- an) be gl.id. and to offT nr> their thanks to 
their Father in heaven tor His manilold kindness to ihcm. 
As it is jnst half a century since the Chuich was organized, 
it is a very »f propiialc time for the .'^ainfs. and all other people 
who feel .so di-posed, to observe as a jn'iilee. or time of public 



rejoicing. With the jubilee we should s'rive to enter more 
fully into the true spirit of the gospel of Jesus Christ, which 
is emphatically, as the angels said at the birth of our Savior, 
"peace on earth, good will to men." All should feel desir- 
ous of doing all the good they can, not onlj' to their brethren 
and sisters in the Church, but to all mankind. By observing 
this jubilee in this spirit, it will be pleasing to the Lord, and 
lie will bestow upon us rich blessings, and such increase of 
them, as will be for our present welfare and our eternal happiness. 



DIGNITY IN CHAINS. 



IN the autumn of 1838, the Latter-day Saints living in 
Caldwell, Davies and Carroll Counties, Jlissouri, were 
mobbed and plundered, and many of them killed by lawless 
men; and finally, the remnant of them weie banished from 
the State, on the exterminating order of Governor Boggs. 
Joseph and Hyrum Smith, Sidney Kigdon, Parley P. Pratt 
and others, were taken prisoners, subjected to various indig- 
nities; tried by a mock court martial, sentenced to be shot; 
escaped execution through division in the military council 
which passed the sentence; were marched to Eichmond, Bay 
County; exhibited ou the way like wild bea,><ts at a show, and 
on their arrival, turned over to the civil authorities for exaui- 
iiiatinn. Judge xVustin A. King presided over the court of 
iiKiuiry, before which they endured the pretense of a trial, for 
almost three weeks, nearly all of which time they were kept 
in chains, and confined at nights, fastened together, in a very 
ciild room, and guarded by a band of ruffians, under command 
of Colonel Price, who afterwards became Governor of Mis- 
souri. Of this confinement, Parley P. I'rsitt afterwards wrote: 
'In one of thoso tedious nights we had lain as if iii sleep till 
tin; hour of midnight had pa'sed, and our cars and hearts had 
liron pained, while we had listened for hours to the obseenc jests, 
tlio horrid-f)ath!=, the dreadful blasphemies and filthy language of 
our guards. Colonel Price at their head, as they reciiunted to 
each other their deeds of rapine, murder, robbery, elc, which 
they had committed among the ".\for>iioiis." while nt Far West 
and vicinity. They even bi'asted of delilini; by forec, wives, 
daughters and virgins, and of shooting or dashing out the brains 
ol' men, women and children. 

"I bad listened till I became so disgn-ted, shocked, horrified. 
and so filled with the spirit of indignant justice, that I co\ilil 
scarcely refrain from rising upon my feet, and rebuking the 
guards; but had said nothing to .Joseph, or any one else, 
altboUKb I lay next to him, and knew he was awake On a 
sudden he arose to his feet, and spoke in a voice of thunder, or 
ii~ the roaring lion, uttering, as near as I c«n recollect, the 
following words: 

■■ 'S/f,K.\Cl-:, ;/!■ linii/.i I,/ III,- iiifiriKil pil. I" '/"' imnir of 
.lisii.i C/iil«f I r-hiiln'noii, mill rnni»ian<l yini lo he at'ill; I ivill 
II ,i /in- niiitthcr miiiiitc ami liciir niirh tniii/iiiii/r. Cvnue mir/i 
lull;, or ;,n" or I ,/!<■ THIS /.XST.i.XTI' 

"He censed to speak. He Stood erect in ti-rrible miijesty. 
Chainerl, and without a weapon; calm, iinnilUed iirid digniliedas 
an iitiKel, he lof.kcd upon the quailing guards, whose weapons 
were lowured or dropjied to the ground; whose knees smote 
together, ami who, shrinking into a corner, or croiiehing at his 
feet, begged his pardon, and reinniiied <piiet till a (■hniigc of 
guards. 

"I have seen the ministers <if justice, clothed in magisterial 
robes, and erimiiiHlsarrMinged before them, while life was sus- 
pended on a breath, in tbf courts of England; I have witnessed 
a Congress in s(deiiin session to. give laws f) nations; I have tried 
to conceive of king-", of royal eonrts, of throne* and crowns; and 
<.r emperors assembled to decide the fate of kingdoms; but 
dignity and majesty have I seen but oiid; as it stood in chains, 
at inidniKht, in n dungeon, in an obscure village of Missouri ' 





Cr TJ ^ElSr I LE IlTSTI^TJCTOI^. 



79 '^^ 



THE B A T T E R I N Gr PI A ]Vr . 



THIS macliiue received its name from the fact that tlie 
bead of the instrument was like the head of a ram, which 
was called "aries" by the Romans. It was used for making 
breaches in the walls of besieged cities. Allusions are made 
to it as a weapon, in the Bible. It is also represented in 
monuments of great autiquitj', where the manner of using it 
is shown, for giving instruction to men in the art of war, or 
to record the triumphs of mighty warriors, such as those of 
ancient Egypt, AssjTia, Greece and Rome. 

Sometimes this machine was made with a roof to protect 
those who used the instrument in battering the walls of towers, 
from which large rocks could be hurled upon the besiegers b}' 
those who defended the beleaguered cities. The battering 
ram was then called a testudo, or turtle, from its shape. The 
principle of construction was simple. A heavy beam of great 
length was suspended so that it could be drawn away from the 
walls it was the design to batter down. This was then let go, 
when it would move with great velocity and force, aud strike 
the wall. The head of the battering ram was always made of 
metal, or the toughest materials that could be found. Before 
the invention of fire-arms the battering ram formed part of 
the material of those who made war upon the inhabitants of 
walled cities. 

In the middle ages these 
weapons were called testudines, 
or little turtles; and it is only 
within the last two centuries 
that the use of these machines 
has been entirely abandoned. 
Even yet tlie name of ram is 
used to denote instruments of 
war used for butting, or batter- 
ing ships or forts. 

Allusion was made lately to 
these formidable weapons, in 
describing the destruction of 
the walls of Jericho (see No. 5, 
page 49), and now our young readers can see for themselves, 
by the engraving, what a battering ram really looked like. 





The Sn.VRE. — Let no man say, when he thinks of the drunk- 
ard, broken in health and spoiled in intellect, "I can never .so 
fall." //« thought as little of falling in his earlier years. 
The jiromise of his youth was as bricht as yours, and even 
after he began his downward coin-sc he was as unsuspicious 
as the firmest around him, and would have repelled as indig- 
nantly the admonition to beware of intemperance. The danger 
of this vice lies in its almost imperceptible apjiroach. Few 
who ])erisli by it know it by its first accesses. Youth does not 
suspect drunkeiHicss in the sparkling beverage which quickens 
all its su.sceptibilitics of jny. The invdliil does not see it in 
the cordial which gives new tone to his debilitated organs. 
Tlie iiuiii (if llioiiijlit tiiiiJ 1/1)1 1'lis detects no |)a!sying poison in 
the draught whicl'i seems a s|)ring of inspiration to intellect 
and imagination. The l.onr of surin/ plfiixurr little dreams 
that the glass that animates conversation will be drunk in 
solitude, and will sink him too low for the intercourse in which 
he now delights. Intemperance conies with a noiseless ste]i, 
and binds its first cords with a touch too light to be iclt. 
truth of mournful experience should be treasured up 
and slnmld iiiflu(Mice the arrangements and habits <il 
and (hunestic life in every class of the community. 



Til is 

by all. 

social 



THE NAUTILUS. 



THE Xautilus rompiUus is a very elegant shell. In shape 
it is extremely graceful, and its external markings are 
beautiful. The interior of the shell is smooth, and of a 
pearly lustre. The animal which lives in the shell is not here 
represented. It is a curious creature, and has been alluded to 
in former numbers of the Juvenile Instructor. 

This shell is well known, as it is frequently polished and 
mounted for ornamental purposes. 

There are many popular tales about the Nautilus, which are 
not founded in fact; such, for instance, as its sailing qualities. 
It is generally represented upon the surface of the waters, 
with imaginary sails hoisted, b.v which it is supposed to be 
wafted along by the breezes. 

The proper Nautilus, named by naturalists Argonnata Afgo, 
is much smaller than the Nautilus Fompilius. Its shell is 
exceedingly thin, and somewhat in shape like a boat or gondola. 
It is a very beautiful and curious shell. 

In our southern settlements there are many fossils found 
which have a close resemblance to the Nautilus, and they 
belong to the same family, which is of great antiquity. 







One of these fossils is well worthy of mention, so closely 
does it resemble the larger Nautilus, here reiiresented. It is 
known by the name of Ammonites I'kiceiita. It received that 
name probably from its having a rude resemblance in shape, to 
the horns of Jupiter Ammon, one of the fabled deities of the 
ancients. 

Many other kinds of ammonites are found in this Territoiy, 
in the fossil state. Both varieties of the existing Nautilus, 
and also those of the fossil state, are tii be seen in the cabinets 
of the Dcscret 3Iuscuui. 

,^^..^..^,^. 

^Fduai. ("II.VR.VCTER. — There is iintluMg which adds s(.i much 
li> llu' lieuity and jiower of man as good nun-ai character. It 
is his wealth, his infiuencc, his life. It dignifies him in every 
station, exalts him in cvoiy condition, and glorifies him at 
every iicriod of life. Such a clinractcr is more to be desired 
than everything else on earth. It makes a man free and iade- 
|ieiidcnt. No servile tool, no croaking sycophant, or trcacher- 
ijus liiinor-secker ever bore such a character. The jiurc joys 
(if truth and righteousness never spring in such a person. If 
yciung men but knew how such a good character would dignify 
and exalt them, how gliM-ious it wcuild make tlicir prospects, 
even in this life ! Never should we find them yiildini: tn the 
groveling and base-born purposes of the vicious. 




^^ so 



"^ 



i^ 



J-TJ^En^ILE II<TST'E?.TJGTOI?.. 



i^S 



A VISIT TO THE SHAKERS. 



BY B. F. 



.IR. 




IN So|>toiiibcr last, while I was visiting some scattered Saints 
ill Cohoos, a town three miles west of Troy, N. Y., I was 
ailvisetl to pay a visit to the Shakei-s, and was told that the 
most interesting time at which to see them was while they 
were engaged in worehip. 

Of eoin>e I was anxious to go. I had hoard so uuuli about 
this i)eeu]iar iicople, that I was eager to see them. Though it 
is .several months since I paid the visit I am about to relate, I 
wdl give the details of it as fully and accurately as I can from 
memory. 

The community, or, as it calls itself the "family" of 
Shakers that I visited, live in what is calle(l*"Shaker Milage." 
This village consists of a cluster of about fifteen buildings, all 
erected, owned and occupied by the ''family." It includes a 
lirooni factory, ban-el fsictory, dairy, store, meeting-house, 
barns, etc., besides the two large residences or tenements in 
whicli the males and females respectively reside. 

The Shakers do not believe in being married; and the men 
and Women, so I am informed, live in se]iarate houses, and 
only a.s.sociate together during worship. 

This village is about 9 miles from Tmy, 12 miles from 
Albany, and 8 mi'es from Cohoes, and carriages loaded with 
)icople from these and other |>laces, used to drive out to 
Shaker A illage, every Sunday during the summer, as they 
were so curious to witness the Shakers at tlieir worship. 
Indeed, the latter had been obliged to erect a much larger 
nieeting-liouse than would otherwise have been necessary, in 
order to accommodate the throngs of vi.sitors who came to 
attend their worship. Sabbath after Sabbath. Shaker \'illage, 
too, was located in the miilst of a charming and sparsely 
settled farming region, and a drive over the country roads was 
so delightful, as to Ix! a great attract iiui. 

A young gentleman of the family with whom I wa.s stop- 
I>ing, offered to take me out in a buggy to see the Shakers, on 
I ho occasion of the last public meeting they were to hold for 
the season. Their meetings are open to the jiublic (Jiily dining 
ciTtain of the summer mouths. I gladly accepted the invita- 
tion, and, as there was likely to be a great rush, on account of 
its iM'ing the last public meeting of the season, we started 
early, so as to insure for ourselves a seat. The eiglit mile 
drive ihrouirh the bracing air of the September Sabbath 
mornim;, along the cool, plea'^ant country roads, was very 
enjoyalile. 

Scr\iccs were to conimence at ton, but we were there by 
nine o cloi-k. Several caiTiaL-es had already arriveil loaded 
witli peopK'. ancl mi>re kept coming. \\'e joineil the crowd in 
front of tlic liuTting-liouse. which kept growing larger ami 
larger, and. after waiting nrarly an hour, the doors were 
(ipenid. and the crowd rn.-hcd in. The way of entrance con- 
siste 1 of two narrow doors, .sjile by side, and about a foot 
afiart. TJvor one of tliesc doors appeared the word "Males," 
and over the other, the vord "Females." A man .'^tood in 
front of the^ic doors, and .separated the ladies from the gentle- 
men, as the crowd ru-lied in; the ladies going in at oiii' door, 
and the gi'iitleiui'n at the other. , 

The inside of tin' leiijdin^' i)rc-ented a verj- strange apjiear- 
ance, for a Imusf of wor-hip. A railing extended across the 
room, dividing it into about cfpial ])ortionr<. The lialf nearest 
the front entrance was occupied by seats or jiews, much like 
any other chnn-li, but the r(ther half of the floor, insiile the 



railing, was unoecupie.l, except by a few jilain benches with- 
out backs, set around near the wall. There was a vacant space 
about a hundred feet sfpiare, and the flocr looked as clean and 
.smooth as that of a hall-room. Indeed, it looked very much 
like a dancing floor, which, in fact, it was. 

-Vn intelligent-looking, elderly, male Shaker, was very busy 
actins as usher, and seating the people. None were at first 
allowed inside the railing, but the rush became so great before 
the services were over, that a few were allowed to occupy 
chairs there. 

I had begun to wonder where the Shakers were, when, from 
a rear door, on the side of the open space opposite the 
auilience, there entered a solitary and solemn-looking, male 
Shaker. Tie sat down in a bolt upright posture, on one of the 
benches, laid his hands on his lap, sat very still, and looked 
very sedate. Presently, some more male Shakers came in, 
and sat down in like maimer. ^[■)st of them wove a rather 
solemn air, had long hair, wore drab frock coats, and looked 
queer and unfashionalile. 

r?v-and-l>v, through another door, there entered a nundjer 
of female Shakers, in single file, and scateil themselves in a 
row, on the opposite side of the room from the males. Then 
males and females kept coming in, until there were over fif^y 
of each sex. The females were dres.sed very much alike, as 
to pattern, but the costume of some was white, of others, 
drab. Their srarments were cut in a very simple style, and the 
skirts of their dresses reminded me very much of a li;df-open 
umbrella. 

Ti'csontly the presiding elder of the "family" gave a signal, 
and the males stood up on their side of the room, in rows. 
There were five rows and a half and teii in a row. The oldest 
stood in the front row. the next oldest in the next row, and so 
on. There was a row and a half of boys: they stood in order 
according to their size, and the smallest buy was the very last 
one. 

There were also five rows and a half of female Shakers, ten 
in a row, and they were arranged inst the same as the males 
were, the smallest girl at tlic tail end. She was a very pretty 
little trirl. and was dressed in white. 

Wht'e they stood tip ranged in rows in this manner, they 
encracred in singin?. They sang two or three hymns, to lively, 
cheerful tunes. T expected, from their sober, solemn looks, that 
their music wouM be slow and mournful, but it Wiis not. After 
the singing, one of the men steppeil forward and made a few 
remarks, telling the people how well satisfied he was with his 
relidon, etc. ITe was followeil by another male siieaker, who 
spoke at greater lenirtli. Amontr other things, he said that 
Chrjst was a spirit, and that His sc'ond coming, so often 
spoken of had taken place; for the spirit of f'hrist, which 
means Chirst Himself, had come to earth again, and filled 
Aime Lee. wdio was the founder of the Shakers, and that that 
spirit had been communicatel to all the Shakers, and dwelt in 
their hearts. This, he saiil, wa-i the secoinl coming of Cliri-t. 
Ho then .slid that the New Testament, which stales that ".\s 
the liglitnins- cometh out of the cast, and shineth even unto the 
we.si; so shall also the coming of the Son of JIan be," ought to 
liave said, ".\s the sun slowly rises in the cast, and gradmilly 
sends forth its light to the west, so al.so shall the coming of- 
the Son of Man be" This was rather an astonishing liberty 
to take with the word of God, but the Shakers believe that 
the spreailing of the spirit, which they .say is in them, to other 
people, is the second coming of the Son of Man to those 
])eople; and a.s tlie spreading of this spirit is a very .slow work, 
they have to change the word of (Jod to suit their notions, 



%^. 



'fi 




CTTJATiLin^iniiiE] i:n"sti?.tjotoi^. 



81 




%& 



instead of clianging their notions to suit the word of God. 
This, in fact, is the case with every modern so-called Christian 
sect. 

T^'^heil tlie second sjieaker had finished, others, male and 
female, followed, testifying of their satisfaction with their 
religion, mode of life and so forth, and exhorting each other to 
endure it to the end. 

One aged female stood up and spoke at some length, in a 
feeble, though clear and composed voice. She said that the 
world looked upon tlie life of a Shaker, as one of great priva- 
tion and self-denial, but she declared it had never been too 
trying for her, and she had been a member of the community 
for fifty years. She said that any religion whicii did not 
require a life of sacrifice, could not be true, as a person must 
practice great self-denial to be a true Christian. 

One of the male speakers presented a peculiar idea. He 
said that Christ came into the world to save men from their 
sins, and not to save them from the consequences of their sins. 
He said that other Christian denominations taught that a man 
might sin as often as he was tempted, but if he would only 
believe in Christ, he would be saved from the consequences of 
his sins. He then quoted some passages of scripture, to prove 
this position to be erroneous, and that if a man sinned he 
must suffer the consequences; and that the mission of Christ 
on earth, was to induce men to lead such a life as would pre- 
serve them in innocence, and keep them beyond the reach of 
temptation. He then went on to show that the life of a 
Shaker was one that preserved a man or woman from the 
covetousness, carnal lust and jiride of the world. 

In such teachings as these, there is some truth and some 
error. It is true that Jesus will not save us from the conse- 
quence of our sins, unless we repent of them, and are baptized 
for their remission. No matter how loudly we may profess to 
believe in Him, we must suffer for our transgressions forever, 
unless we do these two things. Thus, in one sense, we have 
saved our.selves from the consequences of our sins, by our 
repentance and obedience; and, in another sense, we are saved 
from punishment for them by the Savior, who pleads with 
His Father for us, that we may receive mci'cy, not punish- 
ment; and God will grant the prayer of His Son in our behalf, 
because Jesus offered up Himself a sacrifice for all who would 
obey the gospel. If it had not been for this sacrifice of Jesus, 
we never could have been saved, and would have remained in 
torment forever. Neither could we have been resurrected. 
So you see we owe our salvation ti) Jesus, after we do all we 
can for ourselves. 

After several had spoken, the leader gave a signal, and the 
males and females, respectively, formed in two long rows, two 
abreast. A" choir of four men and four women stood in a 
circle, in the center of the open space, and the row of males 
hegan to march round them in one direction, and the females 
in the other. Thus they went round in circles, the choir 
meanwliile singing to a lively tune, all the rest joining in. 
The most remarkable feature of this cxei-cise was, the peculiar 
nuivmer in which they ninvcd. It w:is u kind of shuttling, 
2)rancing step, in time to the nnisic; and the arms were 
jjartially extendcrl forwai'd, jialins up, as if about to receive 
something. As they .stepiied. they would toss their hands up 
a little, and thus they went I'ound anil round, singing, pranc- 
ing and tossing up their hands, etc., in perfect time to the 
tune. After indulging in this exercise for about half-an-hour, 
they stopped dancing, and commenced shaking liand^ willi one 
another, and with this ceremony the worship ended, ami the 
auiliencc dispersed. 



Our little readers will think that this is a very strange way 
to worship God, and so it is. Dancing is all very well in its 
place, but it forms no ]iart of a true system of religious worship. 

This "family" of Shakers numbers over one hundred mem- 
bers. They are very industrious and honest, and their wares 
bring a good price, because they never adulterate nor mis- 
represent them. 

The Shakers were fir,st established in Albany County, New 
Yoi-k, about a hmidred years ago. There are now in that 
State, two or three communities, or "families," aggregating 
several hundred members. Not believing in nor practicing 
marriage, nor the cohabitation of the sexes, they of course, 
have no children of their own; but they will adopt and rear 
children that may be confided to them, of course, trying to 
make vShakers of them. They also receive adult members, 
who will accept the doctrines of the sect. Their numbers do 
not increase much, as nearly as many apostatize from them as 
are added. They complain a good deal of this frequent 
apostasy, so I was informed. 

They hold their property in common, and elect officers to 
suiiervise their business affairs. They believe in living and 
dressing very plainly, and that it is a virtue to deny themselves 
of the pleasures of life and society. 

In this they are mistaken. The Lord designs and intends 
that His children shall enjoy such amusements, recreations and 
pleasureis, as are not actually hurtful in their results; and it is 
not pleasing in the sight of God, that men should seek to stunt 
the growth of, or entirely uproot those social instincts, with 
which Ho has endowed us, His children. On the contrary. 
He delights to have us mingle together, in pleasant, social 
intercourse; bearing each other's burdens, assisting, cheering, 
encouraging and instructing each other. 

The Shakers are greatly in error, in believing that men and 
Women can live holier and purer lives, if separated from the 
opposite sex, than they can by marrying or mingling freelj' 
with them. It is quite as easy for married people to keep 
their minds and hearts pure, and to lead holy, righteous lives, 
as it is for single people, and probably easier. Besides, God 
has commanded men and women to marry, and it Is their duty 
to do so. 

The Shakers are also in error in believing that Christ is 
nothing but a spirit, dwelling in the hearts of men. While 
the Sjiirit of Christ, which is the same as the Spirit of God, 
or Holy Ghost, may dwell within us, Christ, as a personal 
being, does not. Ho has a body of flesh and bones, shajicd 
and fashioned like ours. He said to His disciples, after He 
had been killed and resurrected: "A spirit has not flesh and 
bones as ye see me have;" and when He makes Ilis second 
coming, it will be a very glorious event, which will be accom- 
panied by such wonderful manil'estions as will astonish the 
nations of the earth. 

In a revelation given through Joseph Smith, the Seer, 
to Sidney Itigdon, Parley 1*. Pratt and Lenmn Copley, at 
Kirtland, in Jlarch, l.S.'!l, they were commanded to go and 
preach the gospel to the Shaker.s. Lemon Co|)ley had been 
a Shaker, and in the revelation he WiH warned not to ])reach 
the gospel to them as ho had r('c(n\cd il IVdUi llimi, but as 
it should be taught him by Sidney and I'arley. The sanie 
r<'vclation says: "Whoso forbiddeth to marry is not m-dained 
ol' Ood, i'or marriage is oi'ilained of God mitu nian." And 
again: "The Sou of Man Cometh not in the I'orm of a woman, 
ncir of a man traveling in the earth." 

Theses two passages have direct relei-(Mice to two of the most 
l)rominent doctrines (jI' the Sliakcis, wli.i fmliid tn marry, 



»«C> 







8S 



j"tj^ei^il:hi ziststi^tjotoi^. 



and who coufounil ihe mi>fion of Anne Lee with the second 
coming of Christ. 

The Shakers also believe in other erroneous doctrines, but 
notwithstanding this, they have many excellent qualities, and 
many important truths. 

As Latter-day Saints, we should learn to distinguish the 
truth from the error, in relisious, a^ in all other matter?; and 
to accept and make a wise use of the truth, but reject the 
error. 



'KXOWI.KDaK IS POWER." 



liY T. 11. 



BOrS are fond of play and plenty of it; but while a certain 
amount of play is good and oven necessary in order that 
the youih may be healthy and brisrht, (for we are informed 
that "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy") it is well 
for him to know that the cultivation of some branch of the 
arts and sciences would afford him a delightful and profitable 
recreation when satiated with mere play, imprisoned by 
bad weather, or glxtuiy with the unamused tcdiousness of a 
long winter's eveuing. 

Our idea will be realized better and make a depper impres- 
sion on our young readers if we illustrate it with examples 
from the lower animal creation, where we find astonishing 
instances of creatures endowed with u certain accomodation 
to the laws of nature, which might almost stamp them as 
siientists and artizjns. 

Xn author of great experience, and varied observation 
gives us the following curious glimpses into animal life which 
we have explained somewhat more fully in order that the 
young may more readily understand the lesson intended: 

Bees arc geometricians. The cells in which they store their 
honey are so constructed, as, with the least ipiautity of material, 
to have the l.irgest sized spaces and the least possible inter- 
stices. The mole is a meteorologist: on the approach of bad 
weather, he crawls into his burrow and there stays until the 
storm is o>-er. The bird called the nine-killer is an arith- 
metician. The torpedo, ray and electric eel, are electricians. 
If di.-turbed in their habitation by animals or man, they will 
defend theni.seivcs by emitting electric shocks which arc often 
sufficiently strong to stun their oi>ponents. Many birds are 
musicians. Beavers are architects, builders ami wood-cutters. 
They cut down trees and erect houses and dams. The ant 
maintains a regular standing army. Caterpillars are silk 
«spinncrs. The cocions of silk spun by them are wonderfully 
fine in their construction. Spiders are weavers. The webs, 
by means of which they ensnare their victims, are marvels of 
ingenuity. Wa-ps .ire pafier manufacturers. Their paper 
nests are familiar objects, we have no doubt, to many of our 
yniinir rca'icrs. 

We miL'ht go iin eiiumoralini; many oilier examples of this 
kind in nature, Imt space forbids, and we will allow the above 
.to siiffire. 

Shall It then be suiil that any boy, endowed as he is with far 
higher atlribiiies than the.-.; i nor birds, beasts, fishes and 
insects, can only eni, drink, sleep and play, and is, thcrcf ire, 
lower than th""y in the yrale of ii-cfiilne^s? Nm I no! Let 
the boys of I'tah enjoy ihcir base ball play, their dances, if 
dan'-e they must, and other pastimes, but let them not forget 
that they have sum. -thing higher to live for than mere play, 
that their Ktcrnal Father placed them in a beautiful world, 
and gave them pow.Ts of ob-ervalion and thoiiL'bt, not alone 
to use in amu.sing themselves, but to jirepare themselves l()r 




a more advanced stage of existence. Let them nourish the 
desire for the acquisition of useful knowledge, not as a mere 
school lesson, but as a treasure, a useful ally which may some 
day help them in a greater or less degree to fight "the battle 
of life," and more truly fit them for taking a place in the 
foremost rank of their fellcws. 



REFLECTIONS ON THE C0:M- 
]\rANI)MENTS. 



BY .\. ,r. 



TIIH FIITIL 



"Honor tliy faiher ami lliy niotlier: ilial lliy <)ay> iii.iy \v long ui;on Ihclaiul 
wliiili the LoKl thy Uod givLtli Hut." 

IT is true that promises of blessings were made to the 
children of Israel in the observance of the general laws, 
given for their guidance, but the Lord has particularized this, 
by Iiromi?iug in its very text the blessings of its observance: 
"that thy da\s may be long upon the land which the Lord 
thy God giveth tlue." It is apparent to the thoughtful 
mind that such a blessing would naturally follow. 

Wise parents, who, through iicrsonal experience, bad gained 
knowledge of their own phy.sical natures, would be likely to 
impart the same to their obedient sons and dauglitcis, and 
warn them to slum that whii-h iiiigbt be hurtful to their 
l>liysical being. And such counsel, if followed, woulil naturally 
result in long life. . 

On the other hand, a iicnalty was attached to the non- 
observance of this law, which, wlieii carried into execution, 
was the direct ojipositc to the promise attending its observance. 
It certainly shoitcned life very abruptly; for we read that the 
son wh'j jiersistcd in being disobedient and rebellious, was 
stoned to death, on the complaint of the parents, by the men 
of their city. 

To- day the law is not so severe, but reads that the idle, 
vicious or vagrant child shall be bound out to suitable persons, 
to be trained to some useful vocation. 

The Words of the Savinr illustrated the juinciplc embodied 
in this command, when He said; "I come not to do my own 
will, but the will of llim who .sent me." By reading the 
gospel according to St. John, the student cannot fail to observe 
that this principle of honoring our parentage is the great 
iibji'ct of the Savior's discourse. 

'J'liere cannot enter into the thciught of man any greater or 
more noble rclationshi|i than that nf father and son. "My 
father," "my .son," these word.s contain the highest thought 
cif present or anticipated power, and the great creative force 
and principle, conliiinity of life, power and inlincnce. There 
is yet a principle in this patriarchal relation which wc jxissibly 
do not thoroughly undei-slarid. i'nun the Savior's language 
its greatness is implied and apparently comprehended by 
Him, but with our poor comjireheiisiiMi, there is in the soul 
of man an innate lunging for the eternal perpetuation of this 
relationship. 

The mother shares the res| cc' llii- coiiniiinid iniiMj.-cs, in 
fact, one i|iiotaticiii places the niolhcr first, "ye shall fear every 
man, his mip|h<-r and his father." Here the bcanlifiil idea 
of our cslcemeil Sister, Eliza 1{. Snow, impresses the mind: 
"Truth ia ronfon, triitli eti-riml 
Tulli mc I've u motlier there" 

This all ,'iccords with the idea of the inipcrfectiicss of the 
man without tlie Woman, 





J-TJ'^IBn^ILEl in^STI^TJOTOI?.. 



83 




Our natural sense and observation teach us to honor our 
parents. To them we owe our very being. In the period of 
our helpless infancy, with care and solicitude, they were ever 
ready to administer to our childish wants. They have entailed 
upon us that srand and nobh servitude, which will forever 
exist — the honoring of our fathers aad our mothers. 



^;iorres||0!!s!eii 



V it- • 



Wii.i.AED City, Box Elder Couxty, 

March ]Gtl], 1880. 
Edlfor Jari nUc Insfrnrtor. 

Dear Brother:— On Saturday, the l-Oth inst., 
I attended, by invitation, an examination and e.xhibition of the 
Sunday school of the north district of this settlement. Said 
district contains only twelve families, and the Sabbath school 
numbers sixty-seven, including officers, teachers and members; 
hence, one would not be led to expect so much of an entertain- 
ment, as though it were a larger district. On arriving, I found 
the school house comfortably seated; it was tastefully decorated 
with evergreens, home-made flowers, etc. 

The classes were examined from the scriptures and Church 
publications, on the following subjects: "The Ten Command- 
ments," with questions based upon them; "The Doctrines of 
Christ, vs. The Docliiies of Men;" "The Restoration of the 
Gospel;" "The Blessing of Jacob upon his Twelve Sons," and 
"The Articles of FaitlU' 

The questions were answered promptly, and in a manner that 
evinced careful training. 

The examination was interspersed and enlivened with songs, 
recitaticms, dialogues, etc. If, where all was good, I may be 
allowed to particularize, the following may be mentioned as 
being rendered in an exceedingly creditable manner: Song, 
"Waiting Over There," by Agnes White; Dialogue, "The 
Mysterious G. G,," by Wm. J. Facer, Eliza White and Mary 
Ann Barker; Song, "The Little Pleader," by Emma White and 
Myrtle Lechtenbergh; Stump Speech, "The Union," by Alonzo 
Barker; Song, "The Gipsy Maiden's Refusal," by Mrs. Verena 
Staufl'er; Recitation, "Bernardo del Carpio," by Miss Eliza 
White. 

At the close of the exercises, remarks of approbation were 
made by your correspondent, Supt. T. W. Brewerton and 
Bishop Geo. W. Ward. 

In the evening, Brother Evan Stephens and his Juvenile 
Singing Cla.ss, presented the people's favorite operetta, "The 
Orphans of New York," followed by songs, etc., a fit termina- 
tion to a day's amusement, long to be remembered bj' all who 
witnessed it, or participated therein. 

Ever desiring the welfare of your valuable paper, which is 
becoming more and more interesting with every issue, I remain, 
Your brother in the Gospel, 

James J. Chandler. 



Salt Lake City, 

iNIiirch --N, ISSn. 
Kil'ift^r Jtn\iiUc I/fsi r/f/or, 

Dear Brother: — Through the columns of 
your interesting and valuable periodical, jjcrmit me to express 
my thanks to the Stake superintendents and secretaries of 
Sunday schooks, throughout the Territory, for promptly for- 
warding their reports in time to secure a full Territorial 
.statistii:al report for our Annual Conference. We intend to 
inibli!<li the same in detail for tlie benefit of those who taice an 
interest in our Sunday schools. 

In visiting the schools of Salt Lake, Davis, Weber, Utah, Juab 
and other Stakes, we notice with much pleasure, evident signs of 
•jinprovement, and nuicli comniendabii: zimiI in many superintend- 



ents, teachers, etc. With a view to avoiding any laxity of 
system, by the frequent change of superintendents and others 
who conduct our schools, we have deemed it wisdom to compile, 
and have printed on large cards, a number of rules, for the 
benefit of those superintendents who feel to heed such sugges- 
tions, in assisting them to establish a systematized and. well- 
governed school. These printed rules may be had gratuitously, 
on application. It would be well to have them read occasionally 
at the teachers' meeting, and if all the teachers are interested in 
trying to observe them, the labors of superintendents will be 
ccmparatively light, and their schools models of order and good 
government. 

It is particularly desirable, also, that every Sunday school in 
Utah and adjacent Territories, should be supplied with books and 
cards published by the Deseret Sunday School Union; not only 
for the benefit of their children, but to sustain the efforts of 
the Union in supplying reading matter, in strict conformity 
with the principles of our faith. 

We have on hand a supply of the following kinds: 
Song Books, bound in stifl' covers, containing :>4 songi . ijcts. 
Reader, or "First Book for our Little Friends" . . lOcts. 

"Articles of Faith," large cards .... SI. 00 per 10<j. 

,, .1 small cards .... .jOcts. ,, 

"Restoration of the Gospel," or catechism on the 

early history of the Church . . . 1,00 ,, 

These may be obtained at. the Juvexii-e Instructor Office, 
or at J. C. Cutler's store, Constitution Buildaig. 

In addition to the above, we have a "Second Reader" in the 
press, which will shortly appear, in a neat and substantial bind- 
ing; and we trust it will meet with as cordial a reception as our 
"First Reader" did. It was only published one year ago, and 
the entire edition of 5,000 having been sold, a second edition, with 
superior binding, is now published. 

It would afford me much pleasure to receive from Stake 
superintendents, the number of schools in their respective 
Stakes, which are supplied with each of the above publications; 
and how many schools there are in which the children sing in 
concert, instead of the singing being entirely confined to a select 
choir. I should also be pleased to receive from them, any other 
suggestions connected with the Sunday school interest. 

Simple, lively songs, with or without appropriate music, are 
also solicited from every Stake; it being our earnest desire to 
utilize the greatest possible variety of talent, in the composition 
of suitable songs and tunes, adapted for our Sunday schools. 

Praying for the blessing of our Heavenly Father upon the 
zealous and faithful laborers in the Sunday school cause, 
I remain your co-worker, 

George Goddard, 

Asst. Gen. Supt. D. S. S. Ution. 



lluLES I'OR Acquiring Wealth. — Be honest. If Satan 
tempts you to defraud your neighbor, it is only that he may 
rob you of your ill-gotten gain in the end. 

Be temperate. Liquor has made more paupers than all 
other vices enmbined. 

Be industrious. Indolenc;, debt and disea.se are brothers. 

Let your word bo your bond. Good credit is a fortune to 
begin with. 

Limit your expenses by necessity and comfort, leaving a 
good balance for ujarpin saved. 

Invest your funds carefully and intelligently. Beware of 
brilliant bubbles th:it are bhnvn uji to tempt confiding specu- 
lators. 

Give your personal attention to your business. To do this, 
keep your lirain and body hc:ilthful. 



CoNSClKNTK is (be voice of the soul; the passions ;n-c tlu 
voice (if the body. 






.4 



"^/'^ 34: 



J-TJ'VEItTILE IISTSTI^TJOTOIi:.. 



FOR THE STRENGTH OF THE HIELS WE BLESS THEE. 




W'onns Bv E. L. Slow. 

M'Ji:Sloso. 



Misic BY E. S. 



/ Foi'tliL jticT.-lhof the lii"s wc b'c^s thee, Our Go.l, our fathers' Go 1; Tlioii hast aiadc thy chilJreii 

■' ■ " I J J J 




VT^ 



_ S — «y 







^, .^ ^^ , :^ 

y — •-^.•-« — «v— r— t-^ — '~-?^_. 





iii'"ht - y, By the ioueh of the uiountaiu sod: Thou hast, led thy chos - ca Is - ra - cl To 



r'ii^Vzzrte— ■— '^- 



11? — J^i— zzzit- 1-^==; 

bJZ L L_ 



# 



->_.5-_^ L_J. 



P 



t; 



^: 






> I -- 



Si 






^Eisl 



fiecJoiu's hist a - bode — For the st'custhof the lii'ls we bJcss thee, OurGoil, our fathers' 



God. 



^ ■«» 



-s^ — t; 



:^?E5eE^I 



:t=--=t:T:riz=J|-u - q_-^ 



I I I 



H3;r=^H|!5 



gi=' 



TliMU h:i-t led us here in fafety, 

Wheri' thy ni<iiiiit:iin bulwark sti-ndi. 
As the jrniT'l'iin of the loved ones 

Tliiiu liiut Lr. ii^ht IVoin ninny 1 md,-; 
For the rock iiml li>r the river, 

F')r the valley's fertile fnd, 
For the .-tren^lh of tin- hills wc bless thee, 

• <ur tiod, our fathers' God. 



W't! lire wa'chcrs of a beacon 

"Whose light must never die; 
"We are guardians of an altar 

'ilidst the silence of the sky: 
The rocks yield founts of courago, 

Struck forth as by thy rod; 
For the strength of Ihe hills we bless tlice, 

Our God, our fathers' God. 



For tlie shadow of thy presence, 

Kouiid our camp of rock oersjircad; 
For the kanyons' rugged defiles, 

And the beetling crags o'crhcad; 
For the snows and for the torrents, 

For the free heart's burial sod; 
For the strength of the hills we bless thoc. 

Our God, our fathers' God. 



VANDAL IS ISI 



Th'-'iohfM nuffgmtrii hi/ .trrhifj nfl f/ir vi/iffmr.t of on Jinorrupirtl 

/touftr^ in the \Afft UV//**/, fitrrafly smash* d 

In 4 rt r^i pit rf. 



liV HANNAH T. KINd. 



hp. 



oh. reikle-s -iiirit."", devastating hoys! 

(For only boys eoiild do such deeds as this) 
Stay, and consider how j'our work alloys 

The hopes we entertain of fu'.uro bliss. 
Here's destruction, reckless, willful, daring — 

Consider all Ihe "make up" liero portrayed! 
Does it not shadow fiirth a sad "don't caring?" 

A "Kearney" spirit, only just delayed 
By rircunistanee*— that will one <hiy rise 

And ope a field fi>r such Satanic deeds; 
Thin, to the wondering gaze of mournful eyes, 

liehidd destruction, of which here's the seed.-. 
Behold the reckless opposite of God. 

And God-like attributes— beneath Ilis hand 
Salvation issues, even from His rod! 

Destruction only is Ilis "strange " command. 
Salvation is the word engraved upon 

His universe, ami this our eyes behold 
In the minutest or the grandest form; 
Hi- salvation, that of God is born. 



Boys, cense your vandalism ere it be too late; 

Think for a moment on your coming life; 
Think of the sad inevitable fali' 

That must await a course with mis<'hief rife. 
Think of your parents, how their hearts are pained 

To see their children such a course pursue — 
Save and build up. and see the lost regained. 

Your manhood then will have the honest due. 
Man is.oreation's lord; but not to wield 

The besom of destriu-tion or the inm'rod, 
His tribune stands abuie to save, to shield. 

To cherish all the attributes of God. 

Boys, heed this lesson, simplf though it be, 

It is the truth of heaven that I write; 
Let all in future great improvement see 

By gali'S, and bacs, ami windows kept "nil riL'lit." 

J-U"V"EnSriX.3i] I2<rSTK.XJGTOE* 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE KIll.ST ANF) VIFTEK.NTII OF EVEUY MONTH. 



CiROnUK a. CA>XO.V, - - - - 



KDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Sinfflc Copy, jirr Annum, - - - $2.00. 
^»~')!Boe, South Temple Stroot, f)ne-and-a-half Blocks "West 
>f Tabernacle, .Sail Lake City. 




