



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, BEJEMBER 6, 1873. 



NO. 25. 



REJOICING O IF T H IE J" !E "W S. 



IN the last number but one of the INSTRUCTOR we gave our 
readers a rather lengthy account of the peril to which the 
Jews were subjected by the wicked Hainan, and their narrow 
escape from the death which threatened them, the details of 
which we may read in the Bible, in the Book of Esther. As 
the circumstances of their deliverance are still fresh in your 
memories we need not repeat them. The beautiful picture 
which accompanies this sketch is intended to show with what 



Thus wo read that when Queen Esther requested the king to 
reverse or revoke the law which had been framed by Haman and 
written in the king's name and sealed with the king's ring, he 
did not tell her directly that it should be done, though just then 
he seemed willing to grant her any r< quest in his power. In- 
stead, however, he said to Mordecai, the Jew, "Behold I have 
given Esther the house of Haman, and him they have hanged 
upon the gallows because he laid his hands upon the Jews. 





;oy and gladness the Jews received the message from Mordecai, 
by order of the king, for the bloody decree to be revoked ; or, 
more properly speaking, for its execution to be opposed by the 
Jews and all the force they could muster. It is quite common 
even at the present time for a person, in speaking of something 
whic'i is difficult or impossible to be changed to say as "unalter- 
able as the laws of theMcdes and Persians." From this we 
mig'it infer that a law once passed by the Medes and Persians 
was certain to remain uuchanged and be put into execution. 



Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you in the king's name, 
and seal it with the king's ring; for the writing which is written 
in the king's name and sealed witli the king's ring, may no man 
reverse." He could make another decree authorizing the Jews 
to defend themselves and slay all whj might assault them iu 
accordance with the Grst decree, and even to take the property 
of all such as spoil, but ho could not say that the first decree 
should become void, though he saw plainly how injust and cruel 
it was. 




% 



194: 



JITVEKILE INSTRUCTOR. 




When Mordecai called the kiug's scribes together and dis- 
patched the orders which they wrote through all the provinces, 
the rejoicing among the Jews can better be imagined than 
described. The great blessing of liberty is best appreciated by 
persona who have been for a while deprived of it, and life 
seems far more sweet after it has been in jeopardy for a period. 
The Jews throughout the whole kingdom had been mourning 
deeply over a fate which it seemed as if no human power could 
avert; they had c'othed themselves in sackcloth and covered 
themselves in ashes in the excess of their grief, but now, that 
their deliveranc: was at hand, their joy was equilly great. 
Perhaps no people living can better appreciate the feelings of 
those oppressed, down-trodden Jews than the Latter-day 
Saiuts, for they too have felt the heavy hand of oppression from 
their enemies; and the decree of death or expulsion has more 
than once been passed upon them in their past history. In 
every instance, however, in their case the Lord has preserved 
them, and brought them off victorious, as he did the Jews in 
the case illustrated. 

When the day arrived ou which the Jews were to be put to 
death according to the decree issued by Hainan, they marshalled 
their for es and met those who assaulted them as they were 
commanded to do by Mordecai. They had grown so popular 
by that time that they had a great deal of help from others, 
too, who were not Jews, for we read that many people became 
Jews, or espoused the religion of the Jews, from fear, when 
the}' saw their increasing power. They obtained a great victory 
over their ouemies, and rested after their battles, and feasted 
and praised God. In gratitude to God for their deliverance, 
Mordecai set apart two days of every year to be observed by the 
Jews in feasting and giving thanks to God; :md because Hainan 
cast lots or pur to find out the most suitable day on which to 
kill all the Jews, it was to be called the Feast of Purim. which 
means the Feast of Lots. 



[For the Juvmile Instructor, 

.A. BOY'S VOYAGE IROTTJSTID 

TBZE WORLD. 
(Continued.) 

A I A NY landsmen have the impression that the life of the sai- 
Jl_ lor, when at sea, is one of ease with nothing to do but sail 
the ship; but this is altogether a mistaken idea. On the whale 
ship, in addition to making and taking in sail, steering the vessel 
(two hour?,) on the look-out at the mast head (two hours,) staud- 
iog watch at night, pulling in the boats after whales and cutting 
in and trying-out blubber, when it is his watch on deck the 
discipline of the ship requires every man to be at work at all 
tim ss. Exc pting Sundays and at night, there is no sitting down 
or idling about on deck, even if there is nothing to be done but 
splitting scrub-broom teeth. Though the men talk when at 
work together, it is in whispers, and they always stop when an 
officer is nigh. The decks are scrubbed and swabbed every 
morning, running rigging coiled up, in fact everything about 
'I ' k or aloft put in trim and order. This occupies the time 
until seven bells, (half past seven) when all hands go to break- 
last. At eight, work commences and lasts an til sunset with 
the excepti fan hour for dinner. The work consists of re- 
pairing and renewing "chafing gear," ''setting up'' rigging, 
repjiring rattling-, slushing and scraping masts, tarring back 
stays and shrouds, oiling blocks, painting yards, scraping decks 
and scrubbing pain work. All ships arc provided with a "spun 
yarn winch," consisting of a wheel and spindle. Large quan- 
tities of "old junk' 1 are always provided, as a part of the ves- 
■it fie. This the sailors unlay, and after drawing out the 
vims, knot them together, and roll into ball-. The "rope 
yarns" are used for various purposes, besides being manufac- 



tured into spun yarn and again into rattling. The ''scuttled 
butt" is filled with fresh water and the "harness cask" with 
salt beef and pork. Needed articles are to be "broken out" in 
the hold and cargo shifted to keep the vessel trim, and harpooDS 
aud lances ground and ''set up." This, with the pulliug, haul- 
ing and climbing, and the sweeping and cleaning up deck at 
sunset ends the day's work. To be repeated day after day dur- 
ing the voyage. During their watch below, as a general thing, 
the sailors do their washing and mending, and recruit them- 
selves with a few hours' sleep. On the whale ship, when cruis- 
ing in mild latitudes, the crew resort to various amusements and 
games to kill tiuia when off duty. Gambling soon develops 
itself, and hours are spent by many of the boys playing bluff 
or all fours, with a greasy pack of cards, usiug the only curren- 
cy on board the ship — plugs of tobacco, as a betting medium. 
Some few read or pass the time "scrimschawing," that is, mak- 
ing boxes of bone aud shells and woods procured in different 
ports; carviug knife-handles out of whale teeth, and making 
canes, paper knives and other fancy articles of the kind out of 
whale bone. My inclination being for drawing and painting, I 
did not neglect to notice the glorious phenomena of nature daily 
displayed on sky or sea, in storm and sunshine. Having neg- 
lected to procure materials for sketching before leaving home, 
necessity prompted me to invent. A few lead pencil drawings 
were produced to the admiration of the crew. The mate placed 
the paiut locker in my charge, and I was the acknowledged 
paiuter of the ship. Each mate had his boat painted and dec- 
orated satisfactorily, and all things relating to paint was referred 
to me. But it was not in painting boats, yards and masts that 
I delighted. Down in the forecastle, on my chest lid, surround- 
ed by admiring shipmates, T painted the Maria under full sail, 
hove to, at anchor, in fact, the ship under any condition of sail 
that my admiring patrons suggested. Of course, I charged 
nothing, consequently I was liberally patronized; but to balance 
the account, I must say my practice was simple and material 
cheap. I drew my desigu on writing paper with a Chinese 
paint brush, made of dog hair. I painted the vessel's hull with 
india ink; a lump of indigo from the steward made blue; ;> lump 
of gamboge from the medecine chest, I used for yellow; this 
mixed with the indigo made a passable green; a bottle of ver- 
milion for flags, and tobacco juice for the yellowish brown of 
sails, and my paiut box was complete. I must say that I often 
painted ships when I should have mended my shirts. 

Sailors' fare varies considerably in quantity and quality on 
different ships, but the bill of fare has little or no variety on 
any vessel. Salt beef and pork, hard bread, tea and coffee, and 
potatoes as long as they last, with "duff' for dinner on Sundays. 
Duff is a compound of flour, salt slush and water, cooked in a 
cloth similar to a pudding, Occasionally we were treated to a 
mess of rice or beans, or a pig was killed and a very small por- 
tion of it sent forward for the forecastle hands. We had also 
a weekly allowance of molasses — one gallon, and dry fruit, one 
quart, divided between twenty-two men. 

Getting tired of cruising off and on Albemarle and around 
Bock Rodundo, without seeing any whales, and our wood and 
water running short, for we were now six months out on our 
second cruise, the old man proposed running in towards the 
Peruvian coast, and blaekiish it for a few weeks, and then go 
into port. So we up sail, and midc for the cruising ground off 
Call 10. Blacklish is a species of whale avenging ten to twelvo 
feet in length, and trying out from seven to ten barrels of very 
inferior oil. In three weeks we captured ninety barrels of black 
fish oil, and a small sperm whale that yielded us thiity-five bar- 
rels of oil, making two hundred and ten barrels of sperm oil 
taken in the fourteen months since leaving home. Bad luck 
chafes the captain of a whale ship more than anything else that 
can happen, and the crew are sure to feci the effects of his bad 
humor. Everything that is done, to his eyes, looks wrongly 
doue, and it is nothing but growl from morning to night; and it 



^ 





J TJ V IE IfcT I L IE I1TSTRTJCTOB. 



195 




seems to be his study to make all hands feel as miserable as him- 
self. The meu were blamed for not keeping a sharp look out, 
the boat-steerers for not fastening to fish when they had the 
opportunity, and the mates were told bluntly that they could i ot 
kill a fish after he was fastened to. I believe the old man would 
have kept up the cruise two or three months longer, had we not 
run short of water. So in no pleasant humor, and giving vent 
to expressions not very choice at our luck, we bore away for 
Tumbez, on the coast of Peru, to recruit ship aDd ill our water 
casks. At the anchorage, we found the Amethyst and Rebecca. 
Sims, of Mew Bed'ord. From the crew of th» Sims we learned 
that ou the 21st of August, while cruising on the off shore 
grouud, they fell in with and killed a large sperm whale, that 
was so near dead he offered little or no resistance when fastened 
to. His head was jammed full of splinters and pieces of ship's 
timber, and there is no doubt but that it was the fame whale 
that stove the ship Ann Alexander the day before. On board 
the Amethyst the officers had succeeded in quelling a mutiny the 
day before our arrival, by succumbing to the terms of the crew, 
who insisted on having their liberty (run ashore) in Payta. 

(To be continued.) 



H I 



17 O R, "2" O IF 

OHURO EC. 
{Continued.) 



T HE E3 




AN extract of a letter, written by Elder Parley P. Pratt to 
his brother Orson, in England, will give our readers a vivid 
picture of life in this Valley in the days of which we write; he 
said: 

''DearBro. Orson: I have now resided almost one year in 
this lone retreat, where civilized man has not i ade his home 
f r the last thousand years, and where the ripening harvest has 
not been enjoyed for ages, uulil this prcseut season. During 
all this period, the sound of war, the rise and fall of empires, 
the revolution of states and kingdoms, the news of any kind has 
scarcely reached my ears. It is but a few days since we heard 
of the revolutions and convulsions which are agitating Europe. 
All is quiet, stillness. No elections, no police reports, no mur- 
ders, no war in our little world. The legislation of our High 
Council, the decision of some Court or Bishop, a meeting, a 
dance, a visit, an exploring tour, an arrival of a party of trap- 
pers and traders, a Mexican caravan, a party arrived from the 
Pacific, from the States, from Forts Hall or Bridger, a visit of 
Indians, or perhaps a mail from the distant world, once or iwice 
a year is all that breaks upon the monotony of our peaceful and 
busy life. No pulicemen has been on duty to guard us from 
external or internal danger. The drum has beat to be sure, but 
it was mingled with merry making, or its martial souud was 
rather to remind us that war had been among the nations. 

"Oh, what a life we live! It is the dream of the poets 
actually fulfilled in real life. Here we can cultivate the mind, 
renew the spirits, invigorate the body, cheer the heart and en- 
noble the soul of man. Here we can cultivate every science and 
art calculated to enlarge the mind, accommodate the body or 
polish and adorn g,ur race; and here we can receive and extend 
that pure intelligence which is uumingled with the jargon of 
mystic Babylon, and which will fit a man, after a loug life of 
health and usefulness to enjoy the mansions of bliss and the 
society of those who are purified in the blood of the Lamb. 

"Here no prisoners groan in solitary cells; no chains or fet- 
ters bind the limbs of man; no slave exists to tremble, toil and 
sweat for naught, or fear and crouch full low to please his fel- 
low man. Here all are free to do right; and are warned and 
chastened and corrected if caught doing wrong. 

"Here, too, we are all rich— there is no real poverty where 
a Il men have access lo the soil, the pasture, the timber, the 



water-power, and all the elements of wedth without money or 
price." 

It will be interesting to our readers to know some more par- 
ticulars about the situation of the people who resided in the 
Valley the winter of 1747-48. The pioneers, after their arri- 
val laid the foundation of a fort and erected a number of houses 
which they left for those who came ia after them to occupy. 
Some of these were constructed of adobie, others of logs. The 
adobies were made longer than is the fashion now — they vere 
eighteen inches long and proportionately wide and thick. This 
fort was called the "Old Fort," and it stood on what is now 
known as the Oth Ward square in this city. When the compa- 
nies which followed the pioneers came into the Valley, additions 
were made to the south and north of the fort, which were called 
the South and North Forts. They were connected with the 
Old Fort by gates, and each of them had gates through which 
the people went to and from their fields and wo k outside. The 
houses were built close together, with the highest wall on the 
outside, which formed the wall of the Fort; the roofs sloped 
towards the iuside, and all the doors and the windows were on 
the inside, so as to make the houses more secure against attack 
in case any were made. Not having had any experience in this 
climate, and supposing from the appearance of the grouud in 
the summer and Cull and from all that cou'd be learned concern- 
ing it that it was very dry, the roofs of the houses were made 
rather flat. The result was that nearly every house leaked dar- 
ing the first winter, and umbrellas, where su.h a luxury as an 
umbrella was owned, were frequently in demand to shel'er those 
engaged in cookiug, and even in bed persons would be seen 
sitting or lying uuder an umbrella. The houses were chiefly 
covered with poles aud soil, or boards and soil. Where the 
poles or boards were strong enough, the depth of soil was in- 
creased to prevent leaking; but as there were comparatively few 
in this condition, the most of the houses were ornamented with 
pillars to support the roof's. The clay which was found in the 
bottoms near the fort made excellent plaster for the iuside of 
the houses, and when mixed with water made a pretty good 
whitewash that was only inferior to lime. But it wuuld not 
stand exposure to rain, as some of the people learned who cov- 
ered their houses with it; it melted quickly and offered no re- 
sistance to the rain. The common soil was far superior to it 
for this purpose; for it would absorb and retain considerable 
moisture. 

The first winter the Saints spout in the Valley was a remark- 
ably mild one. There were two or three cold spells of weather 
but they did not last 1' ng. This was most fortunate for the 
people, for i. cither their food nor their clothing was of such a 
character as to enable them to endure very cold weather. Many 
were without shoes, and the best aud only covering they could 
get for their feet was moccafius. Their clothing, too, was 
pretty well exhausted, and the goat, deer and elk skins which 
they could procure were most acceptable for clothing, though 
far from being pleasant to wear in the rain or snow. The wri- 
ter recollects how proud he was when he succeeded in obtaining 
an elk skin, out of which, after smoking it, ho had a pair of 
pantaloons made. He has had the good fortune to wear some 
of the best fabrics of this aud other countries since then ; but 
he never has owned an article of dress which gave him so much 
satisfaction aud for which he was more thankful than those elk- 
skiu trowscrs. 

t'lo be continued.^ 



A smile may be bright while the heart is sad— the faiubow 
is beautiful in the air while beneath is the moauiag of the Si 0, 



He who has no charity merits no mercy. 





196 



J TJ ^T E IN" I Xj IE I1TSTBTJCTOR. 




$ 5tt&$ttil$ iusfrttcfor. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1873. 



EDITORIAL TIHIOTTG-IKTS. 




&.. 



OW great and how abundant are the bless- 
ings promised to those who seek to serve 
the Lord in the days of their youth I Who 
give to God and to his work the strength, 
the zeal, the enthusiasm and the vigor of 
their earlier days. With what kindness are 
such ever spoken of in the Word of the 
Lord aud in the sayings and writings of His 
servants. 
How pleasing also are the records of 
ose who served the Lord whilst they were 
young — of Noah, that mighty preacher of right- 
ousness, who was ordaiued to the holy priest- 
lod when ten years old; of Samuel, who wheu 
areely more than a babe, in a day of sinful- 
ss "when there was uo open vision," was 
the Lord to be a prophet to His people; of 
ithlul David, who whilst feeding his father's 
the hill sides of Bethlehem was annoii.ted to 
reign as a king over Israel; of Timothy, the devout youth, who 
learned the word of God on his mother's knee; of others -whose 
ea:ly lives were spent to the glory of God and the salvation of 
mankind. 

In these our d ys we have many examples of youthful devo- 
tion to the cause of truth — of boys and girls who have shown 
examples of saintly virtue, courage and integrity that could be 
imitated with profit by the aged as well as by the young. On 
the other hand, we regret that there are some amongst the 
youth of Zion who seem entirely aud recklessly oblivious to the 
favors they enjoy, and to the blessings by which they are every 
day surrounded, and who shuwan entire unconcern with regard 
to the things of eternal life. 

Amongst other results of this indifference, it is sad to witness 
the way in which such pass the Sabbath. Instead of remem- 
bering the great command, written by (rod's own finger for all 
men of every age to give heed to and obey— to "Bemeu.b r the 
Sabbath day to kei p it holy/' they spend their time — it the 
Sabbath School 1 Ah, no 1 — but at the street comers or in va- 
cant lots engaged in noisy and unprofitable talk, or still rougher 
and ruler games. At the house of the L >rl '.' Not so, but in 
horse-racing, fishing, shooting and kindred lollies I Yes, follies, 
for everything is foolish that is sinful; sin is the greatest of all 
folly, and everything h sinful that breaks a command of God. 

We never came across a being yet, who had the hardihood 
to argue that they who spend the Lord's day in vain pleasures, 
idle sports or wanton games were keeping it holy, in the 
sense God's cornmandinenl directs, nor do we think that they 
ran prove tint Mich arc happier, healthier or wiser than they 
who .- [ > - 1 . < 1 its hours in the service ofthe Greaf Father of us all. 
We say "happier" because some claim that il 1- for happiness 
that they forsake the assemblies of the Saints, and mingle with 
the Sabbath breaker and the sinner. We say ''healthier" for 
"health's sake'' i-. in i i n ady excuse with those who waste 
this holy day in profitless pastimes or exciting sports. We soy 
"wiser" for seme su :li fai - .. they manifest wisdom by avoiding 
the public worship of the people of God, and wandering into 
the tields aud canyons to h'-h, hunt, shoot or bathe. Those who 
make these excuses might profitably commit to memory a 



"golden maxim" attributed to Sir Matthew Hale, one of Eng- 
land's greatest judges, which reads: 

"A Sabbath well spent 

Brings a week of content, 
And health for the toils of the morrow. 

But a Sabbath profaned, 

Whatsoe'er may be gained, 
Is a certain foreruuner of sorrow." 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



WILD OATS. 



I sometimes think these wild oats have to be harvested by 
some one; if the youth who sows them docs not gather them, 
perhaps they cause a good and kind mother much heartache 
aud care in binding them into buudles. They may come to her 
in the form of hints from kind officious neighbors, of excesses 
here and there, or a dunning visitor with "your son promised 
me thus;" aud mother biuds them up if she can; if not, broods 
over them in her mind, and a wrinkle appears on her brow for 
every bundle gathered. Thank God for our mothers, for their 
examples of love, which should stay us every moment from acts 
that would cause them to blush. "Blush — mother blush V" 
Yes, sir; there was a time when that mother of yours was a 
fair young girl, receiving the attention of one, whose name 
brought a blush, not of shame, but of joy to that now faded 
cheek; wheu that slight stoop in those shoulders was not there. 
Young man, put mother back twenty years or more, and she 
was as that fairyoung being that danced by your side perchance 
yesternight, for whom you would freely peril your life. Think! 
and for father's honor bring not tears to those once bright eyes 
that gaz id on him, when, in his youthful manhood, he played 
the part which you now essay to play. A. J. 



How the Kingfisher Kills his Prey. — Dwelling near se- 
questered brooks and rivers, he sits for hours together motion- 
less and solitary on some bough overhanging the stream, 
patiently watching the movements of the smaller fishes which 
constitute his food, waiting for a favorable moment to dart with 
the velocity of an arrow upon the first that comes near enough 
to the surface, and seldom failing in his aim. He returns with 
it to his former station on some largo stone or branch, where 
he kills his captive by shifting' its position in his bill, so as to 
grasp it firmly near the tail, and striking its head smartly against 
the object on which he rests; he then reverses its position, and 
swallows it head foremost. The indigestible parts are after- 
wards ejected in a manner analogous to that of owls and other 
birds of prey. — Selected. 



Men of Few Words. — Some men use words as riflemen use 
bullets. They say but little. The few words used go right to 
the mark. They let you talk, and guide wi|h their eyes and 
face, on and on, till what you say can be answered in a word or 
two, launch nut a sentence, pierce the matter to the quick, and 
are done. Your conversation falls into a deep chasm, and is lost 
from sight by its depth and darkness. They will sometimes sur 
prise you with a few words, that go to the mark like a gun- 
shot and then they are silent again, as if they were reloading. 
Such men are safe counselors, and true friends where they pro- 
fi ss to be such. To them truth is more valuable than gold, 
while pretention is too gauzy to deceive them. Words without 
merit, only betraying the weakness of the blinded dupes who 
are ever used as the promoters of oilier men's schemes. 





J TJ V E nsr I !_, IE INSTRUCTOR. 




the "rjiiDisrT thinks." 



THERE are quite a number of boys and girls in this world 
who may be said to belong to the great army of ''didn't 
thinks." No matter what they do that is wrong or what they 
leave undone that would be right to do, when called to account, 
their excuse is always the same, and "We didn't think" the 
unvarying reply. 

Here we have a picture of two young misses who belong to 
this army. They seated themselves on a high rock on the pleas- 
ant sea shore to watch the passing vessels and read a deeply 
intersting book. As they sat the tide came in. But as it 
slowly rose higher and higher around them, they gazed and read 
and never thought of their peril, until at last the waves washing 
at their feet compelled them to consider the dangers by which 
they had carelessly allowed themselves to be encircled. Then 
they hurriedly arose to return home but their way was stopped, 




(k 



the ruing ocean had not only surrounded them but covered the 
lower beach that lay between them and the main land. Still 
worse, the tide was still rising and would soon cover the rock on 
which they stood. What could they do ? They were afraid to 
plunge into the water and wade to the shore and still more 
afraid to remain on the rock. To go or Stay was to be in dan- 
ger of drowning, so not knowing what to do they clung to each 
other and sobbingly waited the result of their thoughtlessness 
— the waters still rising arjund them. 

In the meanwhile their Icle dog, more thoughtful than they, 
had run ashore before the way of escape was cut off; by his 
strange antics he alarmed their friends, who becoming anxious 
at their children's absence, foiirwed him to the beach where they 
found the girls in the dangerous position shown in our picture. 
A sturdy sailor used to the waves, was soon found, and he, not 
afraid of a wetting, plunged into the water and carried first one 
girl and then the othei on shore. It is said, "all's well that 



ends well," but how would it have been if these girls had not 
been discovered. They would either have slipped off the rock 
overcome with fatigue, or the tide would have covered their 
standing ground and swept them far away. 

Now we know that no such accident as this could happen to 
any of the "didn't thinks" of Utah, because there is no sea 
within its borders on which the tide ebbs and flows. But acci- 
dents and evils of other kinds can be brought about through 
their carelessness. A few days ago two or three "didn't thinks" 
in Salt Lake City tied a large tin can to a horse's tail. Off 
started the horse in a fright, and the can swung and bumped, 
and rattled and clattered, and men hallooed and boys shouted 
until the poor animal, half crazy with the hubbub, tore with all 
its speed first down one street, then down another. Still, the 
faster it ran the louder the noise, and the more vigorously swung 
the tormenting can. An old lady in the path of the affrighted 
animal saw some children whom she thought in danger ; she 
ran forward to save them and was herself kuocked down, trod 
upon and much hurt. Of course our thoughtless liltle friends 
''didn't think" of the sad results of this one act of fully, for if 
they had thought, they would have well known it was a very 
dangerous and silly trick they were playing. The fun was not 
worth the cost. As Franklin used to say, they "paid dearly for 
their whistle.'' 

Again, a crowd of little "didu't thinks" will sometimes do 
still more damage. One of them will get a match, and then in 
some sly corner tLey must light a tire. Uuder the shade of the 
haystack, oriu ihe barn, is the place chosen. The fire is lighted 
and all is fun for a few moments, until they notice some straw 
or hay has caught fire and is burning rapidly. In their fright 
they run out and the whole of the haystack or barn is soon in 
flames and thousands of dollars' worth of food for man and 
beast destroyed. Even worse, sometimes some of the little 
"didu't thinks" are unable to escape, so rapidly does the fire 
spread, aud they are burned to death, or some kind frieud suf- 
fers the same fate in trying to save them. What a sad end to a 
little thoughtlessness ! 

But what shall we say of this excuse — 'Tdid not think?" 
Sometimes we feel it is a cowardly untruth told to hide pure 
willuluess or obstinacy. At other times, the excuse is doubt- 
less true, but if so, is still a very poor one, fi r, in other words, 
the little ''didn't thiak" says ''I was too careless or too lazy to 
use the good sense and judgment God has given me to keep me 
out of just such trouble." 

Aud now boys aud girls, whilst we do not wish to see you 
act like old men and women and be always pondering and re- 
fleeting we do hope that the crowd of "didn't thinks" will 
decrease in Utah; that you will be wise little thinkers and use 
your brains to a good purpose, and avoid the troubles those who 
do not think often run into. 



[l'Wtlie Jucniik Inxtlllctor, 



mm* 



w 






OXIDES - OXYDATI02ST 

IF a piece of iron is exposed to the air it gets rusty; after a 
long time it becomes a mass of earth, its metallic qualities 
vanish. If we weigh the iron before its exposure and again 
after it has undergone this change, wo find it heavier. It is still 
iron, but it is combined with oxygen — "rust." It is in chemi- 
cal language an oxide of iron, and the process by which this 
change is brought about is oxydation. 

Mere exposure to moist air will oxydize iron aud many other 
metals; rust or tarnish is certain evidence of this; but exposure 





193 



J TT"VE1 1ST TTj IE! INSTB/UCTOR. 




in heated air will frequently cause oxydation more rapidly. If 
we visit the blacksmith and notice the red hot iron on the anvi 
we may see this process; a thin stratum of metal is changed by 
tne absoiption of oxygen into oxide, which breaks off in scales 
at every stroke of the hammer. Iron and oxygen, two bodies, 
become one by CHEMICAL AFFINITY, or attraction, that 
force that causes the elements of matter to unite and form Lew 
combinations. The chemical changes brought about by sub- 
stances thus acting upon each other would never be suspected 
from their appearances; yellow S (sulphur) and white Hg 
(quicksilver) form red vermilion; the inert, almost neutral, N 
(nitrogen) and the beneficent (oxygtn) of the air form onj 
of th^ most active and corrosive acids — "aqua fortis;" C (car- 
bon) and S (sulpl ur), both of them opaque solids, form a highly 
transparent fluid, sulphide of carbon; the offensive, life-destroy- 
ing, gaseous element, CI (chlorine) aud the brilliant metal-ele- 
ment Xa (sodium) combine together aud form a mineral we eat 
with our food — common salt. 

As a general thing, things most unlike have the strongest 
affinities for each other. The tendency of bodies to unite 
together is a property belonging to them. There is no chauce 
work in chemical combinations. Any chemical change is pro- 
duced as the result of operations among elements governed by 
unchangeable natural laws. In whatever way a compound is 
formed the proportion of its elements is always the same. The 
combustion of wood in the stove, or that decaying (oxydiziug) 
in the yard, produces the same compound, C 2 O (carbonic 
acid). Carbonic acid formed by the slow and silent burning or 
oxydation of carbon in the lungs or blood, is the same in its 
chemical qualities and proportions as that produced by a roaring 
conflagration — it is oxydized carbon. 

An OXYD or oxide is a compound of (oxygen) with an 
clement. One atom of forms a protoxide; two of the 
dcutoxide or binoxidc; three of O to two of the other element, 
tin- sesquioxide. Oxygen combines with elements in very sim- 
ple proportions, and alwavs in a ratio of its combining number, 
or a multiple of that number. We have seen instances of more 
than one equivalent of an clement being used in the expressions 
N 2 0, C '2 which mean that two equivalents of enter into 
chemical combination with nitrogen and carbon, respectively. 
CO will also represent the uuion of carbon and oxygen but 
only in the ratio of 1 oxygen to 1 of carbon. Wood burning or 
coal, where a very imperfect supply of air has access to it may 
f jrm this gas, which is carbonic oxide. 

In the process of oxydation we have seen that oxygen may 
form gaseous, liquid, or solid compounds, many of which will 
be described in treating upon oxygeu. We have seen that oxy- 
dation may be produced slowly or rapidly and that O may 
combine in different proportions. Symbols have been used to 
express, the protoxide of nitrogen, N nitrous oxide gas; the 
deutoxide of nitrogen, N 2 O, nitric oxide gas; hyponitrous 
acid, N '■'• < >, hyponitric acid, N 4 O; nitric acid, N 5 0. The 
term oxydation simply means the combination of bodies with 
oxygen — the product is an oxide; we shall see that the grandest 
operations in uature are brought about by the action of oxygen 
and that a correct conception of the nature of an oxide will eua- 
ble us to understand the properties of nearly e7ery other com- 
pound. Beth. 



J± H^I^ID B-A.R/C3--A.HST. 



iV- 



IN the reign of the Caliph Iluronual Itashid, of happy mem- 
ory, there liv d in the city of Bagdad, a celebrated barber 
of the name of Ali Sakal. He was so famous for a steady hand 
and dexterity in his profession, that he could shave a head and 
trim a beard and whiskers, blindfolded, without drawing blood, 
and there was not a man, of any fashion in Bagdad, who did 
not employ hi n. 



Wood for fuel was always dear at Bagdad, aud as his shop 
consumed a great deal, the wood-choppers brought their loads 
to him in preference, being almost sure of meeting with a ready 
sale. 

One day, a poor peasant came to Ali Sakal, and offered for 
sale a load of wood, which he had just brought from a great 
distance on his ass. Ah immediately named the price he was 
willing to give, makiug use of the words, "for all the wood that 
was upon the ass." 

The wood-cutter agreed, unloaded the beast, and asked for 
the money. 

"You have not given me all the wood yet," said the barber. 
"I must have the pack-saddle, which is chiefly made of wood, 
into the bargain; that was the agreement." 

"Howl'' said the other, in great amazement. "Who ever 
heard of such a bargain? It is impossible 1" 

In short, after many words, the barber seized the pack-saddle 
and sent away the peasant in grent distress, who, after appeal- 
ing to the Cadi and higher judges iu vain, next applied to the 
Mufti, or Mahomedan priest. 

He pondered over the question whilst he smoked his pipe and 
drank his coffee, then answered "that it was too difficult a mat- 
ter to settle, and that he could get no help from the Koran : so 
he must put up with the loss." 

But not disheartened, he got a scribe to write a petition to the 
Caliph. 

This was answered, and the wood-cutter was called into the 
Caliph's presence, who said: 

''Frieud, the barber has words on his side, you have equity 
on yours; the law must be defined by words, and agreements 
must be made by words. The former must have its course, or 
it is nothing; and agreements must be kept, or there would be 
no faith between man and man; therefore the barber must keep 
all his wood." 

A few days after, the peasant applied to the barber, as if 
nothing had happened, requesting that he and a companion of 
his from the country, might enjoy the dexterity of his hand, 
aud the price of the operation was settled. 

When the wood-cutter's crown had been shaved, Ali Sakal 
asked where his companion was. 

"He is standing just without here," said the other, ''aud he 
shall come in presently." 

Accordingly, he went out, and returned, leading the ass. 

"This is my companion," said he, "and you must shave him 
according to agroemeut." 

The barber refused, and turned them both out of his shop. 

The peasant brought the matter before the Caliph. 

"'Tis well," said the ''Commander of the Faithful," ''bring 
Ali Sakal and his razors to me this instant." 

In the course of a few minutes, the barber stood before him. 

" Why do you refuse to shave this man's companion V said 
the Caliph to the barber. ''Was not that your agreement? " 

Ali, kissing the ground, answered: 

''"lis true, O Caliph, that such was our agreement; but who 
ever made a companion of an ass before? or who before ever 
thought of treating an ass like a true believer?" 

"You may say right," said the Caliph, ''but, at the same 
time, who ever thought of insisting upon a pack-saddle being 
included in a load of wood? Xo, no, it is the wood-cutter's 
turn now; to the ass immediately, or you know the conse- 
quences. 

The barber was: then obliged to prepare a great quantity of 
soap, lather the ass all over, and shave it in the presence of the 
whole court, amidst the jeers, taunts, and laughter of the peo- 
ple. — Selected. 



You need not tell ali the truth unless to those who have a 
ri'.'ht to know it all. But let all you tell be truth. 



~P. 





Hi 



^ 



CT TT "V IE IsT I LIE I1TSTRTJOTOR. 



199 



,-H 



Q,XJESTI01TS J^JSTTD ^UsT- 

SWBB>S OIsT THE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



Subject — History of Moses. 

LESSON ILT. 

Q. — Whom did Moses take with him? 

A. — His wife and his sons 

Q. — What else did Moses take? 

A. — "The rod of God in his hand." 

Q. — Whom did the Lord say Moses should do wonders before, when 
he should return into Egypt? 

A. — Phaiaoh 

Q. — What was to happen to Pharaoh if he would not let the chil- 
dren of Israel go? 

A. — His first horn was to he 6lain. 

Q. — What did the Lord say unto Aaron? 

A. — "Go into the wilderness to meet Moses." 

Q. — When Aaron met Moses in the mount of God, what did he do? 

A. — He kissed him. 

y.— What did Moses tell Aaron? 

A. — "All the words of the Lord, who had sent him, and all the 
signs which he had commanded him." 

Q. — What did Moses and Aaron then do? 

A. — They gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel. 

Q. — Who spake all the words which the i-.ord had spoken, and did 
the signs in the sight of the people? 

A. — Aaron. 

Q. — How were these words f.nd signs received? 

A. — The people believed. 

Q. — What did the ch.ldren of Israel do when they heard that the 
Lord had visited them and looked upon their affliction? 

A. — They bowed their heads and worshiped. 

Kj. — What did Moses and Aaron say unto Pharaoh? 

A. — "Thus saith the Lord God of Israel, Let my people go that they 
may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness." 

Q. — What reply did Pharaoh make? 

A. — "Who is the Lord that I should obey his voice to let Drael go? 
I know not the Lord, neither will I let Israel go " 

LESSON XL7I. 

Q —What did Pha'aoh require of the children of Israel? 

A. — That they should make the same quantity of brick as hereto- 
fore, without straw tcing furnished them. 

Q. — Were they able to make the usual quantity of biick? 

A.— No. 

Q. — What was then done to the officers of the children of Israel? 

A. — They were beaten. 

Q. — To whom did they appeal for redress? 

^i.— Pharaoh. 

Q. — What did he Bay to them? 

A.- "Ye are idle, ye are idle; therefore ye say, let us go and do 
sacrifice to the Lord." 

Q. — To whom did they next complain? 

A. — Moses and Aaron. 

Q —What did Moses then do? 

A. — He returned to the Lord and made his complaints. 

Q. — What did the Lord say unto Moses? 

A. — "Now thou shalt see what 1 will do to Pharaoh; for with a 
strong hand shall he let them go." 

Q. — How old was Moses when he went before Pharaoh: 

A. — Four score years. 

y. — How old was Aaron? 

A. — Four 6core and three years. 

y. — What miracle did Aaron perform before Pharaoh? 

A. — He cast down hi« rod and it became a serpent. 

y. — Who did Pnaraoh then call? 

A. — The wise men and the sorcerers. 

y. — What did the magicians of Egypt do? 

A. — They also did in like manner with their enchantments. 

y What di I baron's rod do? 

A. — It swallowed up the magicians' rods. 

y. — What was the next miracle performed? 

A. — All the waters that were in the river were turned into blood. 

y. — What were the effects of the waters being turned into blood? 

A. — The fish died, the river stank, and the Egyptians could not 
drink of the water of the river. 

y. — What did the Egyptians do for water to drink? 

A. — They digged round about the river. 

y. — Whatctlect did these miracles have nil Pharaoh? 

A. — His heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them. 

CJ. — How many days were fulfilled, after the Lord haJ smitten the 
river? 

A. — Seven. 




It is with narrow-souled people as it is with narrow necked 
bottles the less they have in them the more noise they make in 
pouring it out. 



Q,\JESTI01TS .A-ZLnTHD J^HT- 
SAATEBvS OlST THE BOOK 

oif :M: a_R /:M:a:isr. 

CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XI.V. 

y. — What course did Alma and the sons of Mosiah afterwards 
take? 

A.— They traveled through the land preaching the word of God to 
the people, and publishing all the things which they had heard and 
seen. 

y.— What effect did their labors have upon the church? 

A.— They consoled the church by strengthening the faith of the 
members. 

y. — How many sons of Mosiah were there? 

A. — Four. 

y. — What were their names? 

A. — Amnion, Aaron, Omner and Hinini. 

y. — What was their aim in their labors? 

A. — To repair all the injuries which they had done to the chinch. 

y. — Were they successiul in their ministry? 

A. — They we e instruments in the hands of God hi bringing many 
to a knowledge of the truth. 

y. — .V hat did ihe sons .<f Mosiah do after they had done these 
things? 

A. — They took a small number with them and returned unto their 
fattier, the king. 

y. — What aid they desire of him? 

A. — That they, with those whom they had wilh them might go up 
to the land of Nephi, 

y.— What for; 

A. — To preach to their brethren, the Lauianitcs. 

y. — Did they plead with Mosiah to let them go? 

a.— Yes, they plead with him many days. 

y. — What did king Mosiah do? 

A. — He inquired of Ihe Lord concerning the matter. 

y. — What did the Lord say to Mosiah? 

A.— To let them go up, formally should believe on their words, and 
they should have eternal life. 

y. — What did the Lord sny he would do? 

A. — He said he would deliver them out of the hands of t. e Lauian- 
itcs. 

y. — Did Mosiah grant their request? 

A.— Yes. 

LESSON XxVI. 

y. Did king Mosiah have any one to confer his kingdom upon? 

A. — No; none of his sons would accept the kingdom. 

y. — What did hedo with the records which had been given unto him 
by l.imhi? 

A — lie translated them. 

y. — By what means did he translate them? 

A. — By means of the two stones, which were fastened into the two 
rims of a how. 

y. — By what name are these stones known among us? 

A. — 1'rim and Thummim. 

y. — How were they used in these days? 

A. — The prophet Joseph Smith used them in translating the Book 
of Mormon. 

y. — How lung had these instruments been in. use? 

A.— They had been prepared troin the beginning, and had been 
handed down, for interpreting languages. 

y. — Wnat account did these records give of the people who were 
destroyed? 

A. — It gave their history from their destruction back to the building. 
of tile lower, and from that time to the creation of Adam. 

y. — How did these things affect the people of Mosiah? 

A. — It caused them to mourn exceedingly; but also gave them 
much knowledge. 

y— After king Mosiah had done this, what did he do wilh the 
y laics? 

A — He conferred them upon Alma, the son of Almn. 

y. — What command did he give unto Alma? 

A. — That he should preserve them and keep a record, handing it 
down from generation to generation. 

y. — What else did Mosiah do? 

A.— He sent among all the people desiring to know who they 
wanted for king. 

i{. — What was their answer? 

A. — They desired Aaron, the son of Mosiah, to he king. 

12. — Win re was Aaron at this time? 

A. — In the land of Nephi, preaching to the Lamauites. 

y. — Was he or Mosiah' B other sons willing to take upon them the 
kingdom? 

A— No. 

y.— What did King Mosiah then do? 

A. — lie sent:, written word among the people. 

y. — What did he counsel them to do? 

A. — To have no kings among them, tint to appoint j idges, that 
they might judge them according to the laws of their latlicr6. 

Q,— What I'tli'Ol did these wordB have upon the people? 

A — They wereconvinced of their truth. 



'I 




05- 



v> 



200 



JUYE2STILE IITSTRUOTOB. 




PROYIDEITCE IS OYER ALL. 



WeHDS BT EviLT H. WoODMAVSEi:. 

JUoderato: 



Music by Jos. J. Datnts. 



doubt and 







m- » 



— >=— "< . n 1 . ,j n,- 1 ; — 



^n*v^|=q= 



-si' 



— '— H — ^ — « — «r-S5-H 



dence 



%±3id= 



over 

_<=2 



-+- 



all. 



From heav'n above His light and love God giveth freely when we 



m 



.*_ ^. .&. .^ -m- 



:te=fc='?— fr 



*=#= 



-m^K. 



ta— r— »— i.- 



^■J^EgEp 




With jealous zeal God guards onr weal, 

And lifts oar wayward tbonghte above; 
When storms assail life's t ark so frail. 

We seek the haven of Ids love. 
And when onr eyes transcend the skies, 

llis gracious purpose is complete; 
No more Hie nigbt distracts our Bight — 

The clouds are all beneath our feet. 



The direst woe that mortals know, 

Can ne'er the honest heart appal, 
Who holds this trust — that God is just, 

And providence is over all. 
Should foes increase to mar our pence 

Frustrated all their plans shall fall. 
Our utmost need is oft decreed, 

And providence is over all. 



Seidell Motley. 



% 



PLAYING- SCHOOL. 




Six in a row on the doorsteps there, 
\ 1' little school-ma'am, prim and fair, 
Fonniest 1 osrs, dimpled chins — 
Listen awhile! the school t-eirins. 

Classes in 'ritbmctic como this way. 
Why were you absent, .Mary Day. 
Now, Mis Susan, what's twice four? 
.May be it's ele'.en — may he more. 

v, don't Mow In your brother's ear, 
Stop il ! or I must interfere! 

nir tables— now t-pgln; 
"Trustees" miu'bl come dropping In ! 

What would they ever say to us, 
Finding rchool in such a fuss? 
Baby Jennie, how is that? 
DOG, dear don't spell cat! 

Terrible I oj I your face is red — 



Why will you stand upon your head? 
Class in spelling, that will do; 
Here's certificates for you. 

Faces as pure as the morning sun, 
Voices that rinu with harmless fun, 
Swi ct is the lesson you Impart! 
Sweet! and I learn it all by heart. 

Six in a row on the doorstep there, 
Nice little school-ma'am, prim and fair- 
Frce of this world and all its pain, 
Would I could join your school again ! 



TUATZEZlSTTILjIE] inSTSTIvLTJCTO-EvL 

Is puli'ished in Halt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHEB SATURDAY. 

OEORCS CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

T K It M S I >' ADVANCE 

Mingle Copy, per Annum fl 00 

HT" Grain brought to this oity for the Juvenile Instkuctob wli 
!"■ receivi 1 at the office of paper— Desehet News Buildings. 




