w 






almss U t\t 3Gx)!i\ 



■^^^5 




9ammM 





VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1872. 



NO. 9. 



.A. IMIEIMIBEK. OIF THE "TI?.Y" OI-jTJB. 



"\T17E take pleasure in introducing our readers, in this number, 
YV to a member of the "Try" Club. Look at her in the 
engraving, she is an interesting little lady, and being a member 
of the most im- 
portant club in the 
world you should 
feel pleased to 
make her ac- 
quaintance. You 
may have heard 
of Odd Fellows', 
Freemason's, and 
many other clubs 
with va rious 
names, all of 
which, with wise 
and proper man- 
agement, may be 
useful, an d a 
source of benefit 
to their members; 
but for general, 
and lasting useful- 
uess they are 
noth i n g to be 
compared to the 
"Try" Club. The 
benefits of the 
first named, if 
they possess any, 
are confined solely 
to their members; 
but the benefits of 
the "Try" Club 
are enjoyed by 
every member of 
the liuinan family. 
The "Try" Club 
is not confined to 
any ji a r t i c u 1 u r 
town or locality, 
as s o ni c other 
dubs are, but it 
exists in every 
country, state, ter- 
ritory and town in 
the whole world. 
There are thou- 




sands of its members in Utah, and we hopa, and believe too, 
that all the readers of the Juvenile Instructor are members 
of it. It is very sure, on the one hand, that they who are not 

will never be use- 
ful men and wo- 
men ; and, on the 
other, the more 
energetic and zeal- 
ous they are as 
members of that 
club, the more 
useful they are 
likely to be when 
they reach the 
years of maturitj'. 
To the members 
of this club the 
world is indebted 
for every useful 
art and invention. 
The ^teaili engine, 
the steamboat, the 
railroad, the tele- 
graph, the stock- 
ing loom, and 
scores and hun- 
dreds of others; 
in f a c t e V e r j'- 
thing that helps 
to build up nations 
and individu a 1 s, 
and make life and 
home happy and 
comfortable, is 
due to the cfi"orts 
and labors of the 
members of the 
"Try" Club. Had 
it not been for 
their untiring per- 
severance the boys 
and girls who read 
this would be in 
possession of as 
few comforts as 
tlu! children of th(! 
Indians are. All 
men and women 




5^^^ 



€6 



O'TJ'VEiTILE IlsTSTI^TJOTOIo. 



who have ever won fame and fortune, whether in science, art or 
literature, in this or any other age of the world, have been 
members of the "Try" Club; and all who achieve greatness 
and distinction in the future will be. In the last number you 
finished the biography of Valentine Ihival, and you saw what 
he did by being a meujber of the "Try" Club. 

There is a saying that "I can't" never did anything, but 
"I'll try" docs everything; or in other words they who say 
''I can't" never accomplish anything worthy of notice; but 
they who say "I'll try," and who keep trying, almost invari- 
ably succeed; and whenever successful persons are found, no 
matter whether they he young, middle-aged, or old, they are 
members of the great "Try" Clnb. 

Look at our little lady in the jiicture. She is evidently desir- 
ous of becoming a writer, and being a member of this club, if 
she po.s.sess fair, natural abilities, her suceess is sure, for the 
cultivation acquired by "trying," will improve her powers and 
enable her to reach the point she desires; and no matter how 
great her natural endowments might be, unless she joined the 
"Try" Club, and labored for improvement, she never would 
succeed. The greatest poets and writers of the world, never 
became great until long after they joined the "Try" Club. It 
has been so with all great inventors. Professor Morse, who 
blessed the world with the electric telegraph, was a member of 
the "Try" Club years before his dreams were realized and the 
tolcgrajdi became an established institution. The same is true 
of James Watt, the inventor of the steam engine, Kobert 
Fulton the inventor of the steamboat, and Robert Stevenson, 
who delved for .vears and years in the coal pits of England, 
and afterwards invented railroads. Some of you may have 
heard of Eliliu Eurritt, the "learned American blacksmith," 
as he is called. He was born in humble circumstances ; but 
early became a member of the "Try" Club, turned his attention 
to languages and now his attainments in that respect have 
gained him a world-wide reputation, and he can read, write and 
speak probably more languages than any other one man iu the 
world. 

Some of you who read this may become as noted, as le<amed 
and as useful as any of the men whose names have been 
meritiiined; but you never will unless you become members of 
the "Try" Club. Sec the boys and girls who, when at school, 
say, "I can't do my ciphering, I can't learn njy sjiclling, or my 
grammar lesson," they remain dunces, and keep at the bottom 
of the class ; they don't belong to the "Try" Club. The mem- 
bers of that club are never dunces and never stay long at the 
lx)ttom of the class. 

If any of you who read this paper have not joined the '"Try" 
Club, join it at once. By becoming faithful and zealous mem- 
bers some of 3'ou may become distinguished iu literature, or in 
.some brancii of science or art; but if you never should become 
famous, you all have i)jwers of njind which a membersliiii in 
till! "Try" Club will develdp, ami the cultivation thus acquired 
will qualifv yciu fir useful and lidnorable jiositions in society, 
and none of you ought to be satisfied with anything less than 
that. 



j'OJ^isT OIF" j^:rg. 



^. 



L)liO.'\FINK.\T aUiiiiiL' the ni>t;iblr nauK'S of mudcni history 
stands Joan of Arc, the ".'Maid of Orleans," who lived 
and cliid in tli.r l.jth i-cntury. IJuni in hund)le life and rearud 
without educalii.n, she tiy her great deeds and tragic end 
acquired a fume which time itself will never blot out, and her 
name wiil live as long as the pages of jiistor}' are pn'servcd and 
read. A "JIaid of Orleans" would be an inipnssibility in our 
times, from the f-i.t that the iieojile, generally, arc nujre intelli- 
gent and better informed than in the early jiart of the <ift<;enth 
century. Then, the power of priestcraft and the influence of 



h^iPt 



superstition were very great among all classes, not excepting 
the most learned and cultivated, and the claims of the "Maid of 
Orleans," regarded at first with some little doubt, were soon 
acknowledged, and that acknowledgement was a pledge of her 
future success. 

At the time our heroine made her appearance as a public 
character the greater pait of France was a possession of the 
English crown, in fact six years prior to her debut — in 1422, 
Henry the Sixth, King of England, had been proclaimed King 
of France, and the greater part of the realm acknowledged his 
authority. Charles the Seventh was the rightful possessor of 
the French throne, but his claims were disregarded save by a 
few of the peojile living in the central and southern portions of 
the country. He, however, collected forces which he brought 
into the field against the English, but in repeated engagements 
the latter defeated Charles. His forces finally centred in the 
city of Orleans, and while it was being vigorously besieged by 
the English, Joan of Arc made her appearance at the head of 
ten thousand French troojis, having proclaimed that her mission 
from heaven was to deliver her country and place the rightful 
sovereign on the throne of France. 

We will now give you a very short sketch of this girl's history 
prior to her taking the field. Her parents kept a small inn, in 
the village of Domremy in the province of Lorraine. Joan 
was their fifth child, and they being very poor, were unable to 
give their family any education; and as Joan grew up she 
worked as a servant in the village inn. It is said of her that 
she was beautiful, and a remarkably grave and ]>ious child, 
and when she had a chance to do so, took delight in musing in 
solitude. When thirteen years of age she declared she received 
heavenly visions, and heard the voices of invisible personages, 
inspiring and counselling her to holiness and purity of life. 
This continued for five years, when she avowed that her invisi- 
ble friends had commanded her to place herself at the head of 
the French troops, and that if she would do so she should be 
Heaven's instrument in driving the English from France, and 
placing Charles on the French throne, a declaration which 
quickly gained credence from the fiet that there was a tradition, 
popular among the people then, that France should be delivered 
by a young maid. 

By the influence of an uncle she obtained an interview with 
the governor' of the city of A'aucoideurs, and told him about 
her visions and voices, and what she had been commanded by 
them to do ; but the governor seems to have been a man not 
much given to the superstition of the times, and he treated her 
story with derision, and she returned home. Her supernatural 
visitants, she declared, still urged her to go and deliver her 
country and king, and the victories of the English continuing, 
she finally received an order to ajipear before Charles who to 
put her assumptions to the test, jilaccd another jierson, clothed 
in royal robes, on the throne, while he took his jilace among his 
courtiers. When Joan was adniitt*;d into the royal presence, 
it is said that, disregarding the peVson on the throne, although 
sh(^ had never seen the king, she at once singled him out, and 
made known her mission. The result was she was ordered at 
once to undergo a strict examination, that it might be determined 
whether she was crazy, or a witch. She submitted to this 
renewed test, and was declared to be free from insanity and 
witchery, and finally the- command of the king's troops was 
given to her. Itcfore taking command a complete suit of mail 
was made for her, and then, when only eighteen years of age, 
she led the French to the relief of Orleans. The belief in her 
divine mission caused intense enthusiasm anioiig the soldiery, 
and rendered them almost invincible, and in three weeks they 
drove the English from Orleans. OiIkt (ingagemenis soon took 
place between the c«ntiuiding arnjics, but under their insjiired 
leader the J'rench were cvc^ry time victorious, and in three 
months from the tinjc the IMaid of ( )rleaii;i took command 
Charles was crowned King of France, his laily eomi)ani(m 



h 




■^^ 



J-TJ^EItTILE in^STIS/TJOTOI?/. 



S7 



standing by his side. From this time on the war took a new 
character, for the coronation of the French king had the effect 
of uniting the French pooplCj and soon tlie jiower of the Eng- 
lish was broken, and in a very few years the only place they 
held in France was the city of Calais. 

The coronation of Charles seems to have been the last notable 
act connected with the military career of the Maid of Orleans. 
She retained her position as nominal loader of the French 
forces for over two years after, but in the year following — the 
winter of 1429, she was wounded in an attack on Paris; and in 
the year following she was taken prisoner by the English. 

The beUef in witchcraft was very general in those days among 
all classes, and the terror with which the deeds of the maid 
had struck the enemies of her country — the English, had gained 
for her, among them at least, the rojiutation of being a witch, 
the crime for which was death by burning. No sooner was 
Joan of Arc arrested than she was accused of being a witch, and 
strange to say those who had been her friends joined with her 
enemies in the cry against her, and she was finally brought to 
trial, and after a tedious examination, extending over several 
months, she was declared guilty, and sentenced to be burned to 
death. The French king, in whose elevation she had been the 
chief instrument, seems to have made no effort to save her, 
although he was then master of France, and could have done it if 
lie would ; but regardless of the claims she had upon his grati- 
tude it is not recorded that he made any effort to save her, and 
the savage sentence was carried out, the unfortunate, but extra- 
ordinary girl being put to death by burning, in the market jilace 
of the city of Rouen on the last day of May 1431, being then a 
little more than throe months over twenty-one years old. On 
the spot on whicli her death took place, there now stands a 
monument erected in her honor and in commemoration of her 
tragic fate. 



THE OOTJiTTK.Y OIF 
(Concluded.) 



TKCIB 



THE strangers were received with great civility, and having 
explained their motives, through an interpreter, they were 
approached by a tall native, with a shaven head, who lilted the 
curtain of skin belonging to the largest tent, and revealing a 
dark hole about two feet and a half in diameter, motioned to 
them to enter. When, having crawled on their hands and 
knees a distance of about filteen feet, they entered the large 
open circle in the centre of the tent, this was the spectacle 
disclosed : "A crackling fire of resinous pine boughs burned 
brightly upon the ground in the centre, illuminating redly the 
framework of black, glossy poles, and flickering fitfully over the 
dingy skins of the roof and the swarthy tattooed faces of the 
women who squatted around. A large copper kettle, filled with 
some mixture of questionable odor and appearance, hung over 
the blaze, and furnished occupation to a couple of skinny, bare- 
armed women, who, with sauce-sticks, were alternately stirring 
its contents, poking up the fire and knocking over the 
head two or three ill-conditioned dogs. The smoke, which rose 
lazily from the fire, hung in a blue, clearly defined cloud, about 
five feet from the ground, dividing the atmosphere of the tent 
into a lower stratum of comparatively clear air, and an upper 
region where smoke, vapor and ill odors contended for 
supremacy." Around the inner circumference of the tent are 
constructed small, nearly air-tight apartments called "pologs," 
about four feet in height and .six or eight feet in width and 
length. Thiiy are made of the heaviest furs sown carefully 
together to exclude the air, and are warmed and lighted by a 
burning fragment of moss floating in a wooden bowl of .seal oil. 



In this dreadfully vitiated air the Korak women spend nearly 
the whole of their time, and yet they live to an advanced age, 
and are no uglier nor more unhealthy than the old women of 
other countries. 

The strangers wore observed with great curiosity ; and when 
they retired to one of the pologs, the natives lay flat down on 
the ground, and watched them with gleaming eyes, under the 
edges of the fur curtain, as they laid out, as best they could in 
the total absence of furniture, their provisions of hard bread, 
raw bacon and steaming tea. The food proffered by their wild 
entertainers was contained in a long, wooden trough containing 
reindeer venison, and in a bowl, whose contents, when they 
summed up courage to taste them, they found remarkable only 
for their " grassiness." The mess known as "manyalla" is 
compounded of clotted blood, tallow, and half-digested moss, 
taken from the stomach of the reindeer, whore it is supposed to 
have undergone some essential change. These materials are 
boiled up together with a few handfuls of dried grass, and the 
dark mass is then moulded into loaves, and frozen for future 
use. At supper, the men of the band gather round the trough 
of reindeer meat and the kettle of manyalla, and between 
mouthfuls of meat or moss discuss the simple subjects of 
thought which their isolated life affords, and into which no 
foreign element can possibly enter. 

There are about forty bands of those strange people, who 
roam over the great steppes, between the fifty-eighth and 
sixty-third parallels of latitude. Within these limits they wan- 
der almost constantly with their great herds of reindeer, seldom 
camping longer than a week at any one place, which is not 
altogether due to their restlessness, but to the needs of the 
wonderful animal on whom their existence depends. A herd of 
four or five thousand reindeer will, in a very few days, paw up 
the snow and eat all the moss within a radius of a mile from 
the encampment. Then they must wander, or' their deer will 
starve, and their own starvation be the result. They are a 
hospitable, kindly, obliging people, with all the independence 
which comes from their mode of life, and self-reliance, which 
peculiarly distinguishes them from the settled inhabitants of 
Siberia. Give them a small herd of reindeer, and a moss 
steppe to wander over, and they ask nothing more from all the 
world. They are wholly independent of civilization and govern- 
ment, and will neither submit to their laws nor recognize their 
distinctions. They associate themselves in bands of six or eight 
families, but these bands are held together only by mutual con- 
sent, and recognize no governing head. They have no particular 
reverence for anything or anybody, except the evil spirits who 
bring calamities upon them, and the "shamans" or priests, who 
act as mediators between these devils and their victims. Mr. 
Kannan gives an amusing instance of the contempt with which 
they treat the notion of difference of rank and inequality of 
condition. Major Abasa, the chief of their expedition, had, he 
says, conceived an idea that, in order to get what he wanted, he 
must impress them with a notion of his power, wealth and 
importance in the world. He accordingly called one of the 
oldest and most influential members of the band to him, one 
day, and proceeded to tell him, through an interpreter, how rich 
he was, what immense resources in the way of rewards and 
punishments he possessed, what high rank he held, how import- 
ant a place he filled in Kussia, and how becoming it was that an 
individual of such exalted attributes should be treated by poor 
wandering heathen with filial reverence and veneration. The 
old Korak, squatting upon his heels on the ground, listened 
quietly t<3 the enumeration of all our leader's admirable qualities 
and perfections, without moving a muscle of his face; but 
finally, when the interiircter had finished, he rose slowly, walked 
up to the Major with imperturbable gravity, and with the most 
benignant and patronizing condescension, patted him softly on 
the head! The ]\Iajor never tried to overawe a Korak again. 

Chambers' Journal. 



^ 



■,>^^ 



,^C>f 



"^^B 



^J^^ 68 



Cr TJ -V E IN" I Hi E I3SrSTI?;TJCTOI^. 



■^^^^ 



: ®|$ ittftsttiU ittsfpttclutJ^ 



tf 



CEORCE O. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, APRIL 27, 1S72. 



EDITOI^I^^Xj TSCOTJGHITS. 




EULY groat men, like tlie sua in the Cruia- 
ineut, stand out in bold relief, their deeds 
or achievements rendering them eouspieu- 
ous above their fellows ; and when cue of 
this elass de])arts this life, no matter to 
what nationality ho may belong, all men 
nay a tribute to his memory, for all feel the 
loss, and this is especially so if the labors of 
the departed have been for the welfare of 
; race. "When the first Napoleon died on the 
k of St. Helena, the world acknowledged the 
s of the greatest warrior that ever lived. Ho, 
ivever, had not lieen a benefactor, but a scourge 
liis race, and while all mankind felt that one of 
most bi'illiaut geniuses that ever lived had 
^_ , none could feel regret. Being such a mental 

O gi'int, had he labored as untiringly to spread the 
blessings of peace and progress as he had to spread the 
curse of war, mankind in every land would have 
mourned his death. Those to whom the appellation of "great" 
can be applied with propriety are rare ; and unfortunately for 
them, and the world at large, they are seldom understood while 
they live, and in most cases they remain in obscurity and die in 
poverty. Once in awliile, a man of this class, whose good 
deeds, or great inventions and discoveries, confer benefits upon 
mankind generally, is appreciated and understood while he 
lives, and he invariably reaps substantial rewards and honors. 
Such a man was the late Professor Morse, who died in the city 
of New York on the second day of tliis moTith. 

You have all heard of the electric telegi'aph, and if you do 
not know how it is worked, you know tliat by it, messages can 
be sent any distance in a wonderfully short time. In almost 
every Icjcality now in Utah Territory, if you step out of doors 
and walk a short distance, and iu many places by just looking 
out of the window, you can see the jioles and wires, (^uite a 
simple looking arrangement, is it not, and yet by its means the 
people of St. George, in Washington County, and of Paris 
in Jiear Lake, can talk to each other almost as easily as if they 
Were ia each other's presence; and just as easily a message can 
be sent to England or any other distant region, jjrovided the 
wires are laid. This is very wonderful, and the world owes 
this invention to Professor 3Iorse. He was not the first man 
who thougiit that the lightning could be made serviceable to 
man, nor the first who made experiments; but he was the first 
in bringing those experiments to a successful issue. He spent 
years of lalwr ami thought before he realized his grand idea; 
and being ahead of ids times, ho was regarded by nearly all men 
to whom he made his projctct known as little better than a crazy 
man, so ef)nvinccd wore they that it was a dream that never 
could be realizo'd. Tho idra (jf controling the liL'htnirjg — one 
of the most subtle and incomprehensible of all tho forces of 
nature — so that by its means nio.s.sage8 a^uld be sent in a few 
seconds to tlie most distant regions, .seemed too ridiculous Uy be 
entertained for a moment, and Morse and his t<:legraph scheme 
came to be regarded ;is little bett<;r than a nui.sance. 

But tho mind of the great pliilo.sopher had been touched by 
the finger of Deity, and enlightened by a si>ark from the foun- 



9^^ 



tain of revelation and eternal wisdom ; and he knew the work 
he was engaged upon was true; and though his friends regarded 
him as a lunatic, ho labored on, for having gained a knowledge 
of a good thing himself, the natural greatness and goodness of 
his soul prompted him to make it known to all mankind. How- 
ever, a considerable sum of money was needed to enable him to 
demonstrate the truth and practicability of his wonderful dis- 
covery and invention ; and having sjicnt all the means that he 
owned in making experiments through a number of years, he 
ajiplied to the government and Congress of his native country — 
tho United States — for aid; but his ajtpeal met with no response. 
He went to Europe, and applied, with no better success, to the 
governments of England and Franco. Ho returned homo, and 
again sought the aid of Congress, and by the influence of friends 
succeeded in inducing that body to grant him thirty thousand 
dollars, with which he had a line erected from Washington to 
IJaltimoro — a distance of a few udles. 

This exi)crimontal line was built in the year 1844, and from 
that moment the world was converted to belief in tho truth of 
Mr. Morse's discovery, and thenceforth wealth and honors 
were showered upon him. JMost of the loading governments of 
Europe conferred orders and decorations ujion him, and in the 
year 18C0, by the invitation of tho ]*]mi>eror Napoleon, repre- 
sentatives of ten of the European kingdoms met in Paris for 
the ]iur]iose of jirescnting to Professor Morse a money testi- 
monial of their ajipreciation of his wonderful invention. Eighty 
thousand dollars was the amount presented to him, as the 
result of this meeting. 

In June of last year a monument, ]iaid for by subscriptions 
from the telegraph operators of tho country, was erected in com- 
memoration of Professor Morse and his invention in Central 
Park, New York City, on which occasion many thousands 
assemliled to do him honor. A congratulatory message was 
sent by him to tho ])rofession in all parts of tho countr}', and 
rojilies from thorn to him. The occasion was very imposing and 
will be long remembered. At that time the Professor was in 
the enjoyment of his usual health, and none thought that the 
nation would have to mourn his loss so soon thereafter. At his 
death he was eighty-one years of age. Ho had the great 
privUoge of living to see nearly all the nations of the eai'lh 
united by means of tho electric wires, and the gratification of 
knowing that he was regarded by tho world at largo as one of 
the greatest benefactors of his race. By means of his discovery 
the Uiost distant nations have been brought within speaking 
distance, and the labors of no man ever tended so much to 
break down tho barriers of isolation and to cause a general 
diffusion among all lands of (he benefits of commerce and 
civilization. 

It is a very common thing for discoverers and inventors to 
arrogate to themselves all tho honor of their labors; but there 
was one remarkable peculiarity about I'rofessor Morse, for 
while i)ooi)le everywhere ascribe to him all the honor of tho 
invention of tho tolograjih, he ascribed it to where it rightfully 
belongs — to tho Great Author of all good, for tlu! first tele- 
graphic message ever sent on I'arth, dictated by Mr. IMorse, was, 
"What hath Cod wrought T' 



Till': ant-cating 'woodpecker, a connnon Callfornian speci(^s, 
has a curious and peculiar molhod of laying uj) ]trovisions 
against tlu: inclement season. Small I'ound holes are dug in the 
bark of tho pine ami oak, into each one of which is inserted an 
acorn, and so tightly is it fitted or driven in that it is with 
diiriculty extracted. The bark of tho jjine trees when thus 
filled ])rosent3 at a short distance the appoaranco of being 
studded with bras.s-headod nails. Slowed away in large ((uanti- 
lies, in this manner, the acorns not only sup|)ly tho wants of the 
wocjdjieckers, but the squirrels, mice, and jays likewise avail 
themselves of the fruits of i)rovident labor. 



#= 



'l^g^i 




« 



GTTJ "VElsr I IjE IISrSTI^TJOTOie/. 



69 






I"tT 



FOR beautiful scenery and natural curiosities tlie Continent of 
America undoubtedly surpasses any other portion of the 
world, as much as it does for the richness and variety of its 
climate and resources. Its extraordinary gold and silver 
deposits, its extensive coal fields, its mammoth caves, its boil- 
ing springs, its giant waterfalls, its buried cities, its subterranean 
lakes and forests, its enormous rivers, its lofty mountains, its 
great variety of climate, all combine to make it without 
an equal in any other portion of the globe ; and year after year, 
owing to the extension of its railroad system, and the roaming 
disposition of a large number of its population, its natural 
wonders are becoming more widely known, and are beginning 
to attract more of the attention of travelers and pleasure seekers, 
with whom it was formerly the fashion to visit only, or almost 
exclusively, the romantic and classic portions of tlio eastern 
hemisphere — Greece, Italy, Switzerland, etc. 

Since the arrival of the Pioneers in the Valleys of Utah, the 
"Great American Desert," as it was once called, has been 
almost all explored, and most of it settled ; and the romantic 
scenery of the Great West has attained almost world-wide 




celebrity. But this is not confined to the West, for In almost 
every section of the country, to the extreme limits of the 
north, south, east and west, there are sights and scenes among 
nature's works which can scarcely be equalled, and which 
well repay a visit from the pleasure seeker and traveler. 

Formerly, the grtat sight in this country for foreign travelers 
was the Falls of Niagara ; but, while these are still regarded as 
one of the grandest sights in America, and without an equal in 
the world, they have now many rivals, and scenes and sights in 
other sections arc nearly as celebrated now as Niagara. We 
present you, in the above engraving, an illustration of one of 
these — namely the natural bridge in the State of Mrgiiiia. 
There arc several bridges of this character in this eouTitry, two 
in California, one or more in New York, in Alabama and other 
localities, but this in Virginia is considered the most celebrated. 
It is in the south-eastern corner of llockbridge county, and is 
regarded as one of the most singidar natural curiosities of which 
the country can boast. By what force this peculiar formation 
was made is a matter that can not ))e explained, but it is 
believed to have been caused by earthquake or the action of 



^ 



water. One side of the arch is two hundred feet high, the 
other side is two hundred and forty; the space between the two 
is nearly a hundred feet. The breadth of the bridge proper, or 
the roadway communicating the two sides of the arch is sixty 
feet. The structure is of hard, solid hmestone and, unless demol- 
ished by an earthquake or some other convulsion of nature, bids 
fair to stand and endure for many ages. 

The natural bridge of Virginia has been a favorite resort of 
the great men of the nation, most of whom are said to have 
visited it, and have carved their initials on its sides. Among 
others, it is said the initials of the father of his country. 
General George Washington, are carved thereon, showing, if 
true, that that gi'eat man, at some period of his busy and 
eventful life, found time to visit this great natural curiosity of 
his native State. 



IT 



TSTOI^Y OIF 

O HITJ K.O HI. 
{Continued.) 



THE 



BISHOP George Miller and E. A. Bedell, Esq. traveled day 
and night to reach Spring-field and present to Governor 
Ford the petition from the council in Nauvoo for the removal 
of the armed forcog from the county. The Governor received 
them kindly, and after perusing the communication of which 
they were the bearers, ho read to them a number of letters he 
had received from individuals in Hancock county and other 
l^irts of the State, urging the necessity of keeping a force sta- 
tioned there all winter. He deiilored the condition of the 
country, and stated that he considered the people of the State 
generally a mob, and that he could not trust them to act 
in any emergency where the Saints as a community were a 
party. He was willing to acknowledge that justice had not 
been done to the Saints, but he was afraid to exercise the 
power which by virtue of his office belonged to him, because, 
as he said, if he should exert the executive influence in behalf 
of the Saints as he ought to do, it would result in his own over- 
throw as well as that of the Saints. He finally promised to go 
to Hancock county and endeavor to pacify the mob and main- 
tain order until the Saints could leave in the spring; and after 
that, liring those who were guilty of murdering, mobbing and 
house-burning to justice. 

After Jlajor Warren and his troops had kft Nauvoo on the 
occasion of his threatening to place the county under martial 
law, it was ascertained that aniong his party was a deputy 
marshal from Iowa, who had come to Illinois with a demand 
on the Governor for the Twelve Apostles of the Church. A 
certain Dr. Abiather Williams, who had the unenviable repu- 
tation of being a counterfeiter, had been before oue of the 
judges of Iowa and sworn that the Twelve Apostles had made 
"bogus" money in his house. On his testimony an order was 
issued for their arrest, and the deputy marshal was sent to 
Nauvoo for that purpose. The real intention of Major War- 
ren in making his visit to Nauvoo with his troops, was to assist 
in making these arrests, but they were deterred from doing so 
liy the animated sjjeech of Elder John Taylor. 

The authorities of the Church had been harassed so much 
with trumped-up charges which, like this, had no foundation in 
truth, that they were not surprised at it. However, asit was 
reported that a larger force was being obtained, with which the 
officers would again visit Nauvoo and make the arrests, the 
accused men secreted themselves where they were not likely to 
be found, to save themselves the vexation of arrest, trial and 
probable incarceration, such as they had undergone before on 
false charges. 

On the evening of the l27th IMajor Warren sought and 
obtained an interview with I'rcsidcnt Young and the Twelve 



H^e^i 



^ 



70 



JTJ'VEItTII-iE Il>rST:E?.TJOTOie;. 



Aposdes. His feelings towards the Saints seemed to have 
changed somewhat. He acknowledged that the object of his 
last visit to Nauvoo with his troops was to make the arrests 
spoken of, but henow considered it unjust to serve the writs, as it 
would hinder the arrangements of the Saints to remove. As a 
proof of his sincerity, he stated that he was going to Spring- 
field the next day, and one part of his business there was to 
induce his relatives and friends to remove to Nauvoo and 
purchase farms from the Saints. 

Elder Orson Spencer, being acquainted with Governor Ford, 
wrote a letter to him, in which he set forth in fervent terms the 
past and present fulferings of the Saints, the treachery of the 
officers and troops under the Governor" s command, the faith 
formerly felt by the Saints that he would defend them in their 
rights and administer justice regardless of party, and the fear 
now so generally entertained that he was going to follow in the 
footsteps of GoveriMr Boggs, of Missouri, in regard to perse- 
cuting the Saints. The writer concluded by imjiloring the 
Governor to take immediate and decisive steps to i)revent 
further trouble for tlie Saints b.v removing the troops stationed 
in the county and restoring the Sheriff to the full ]iower of his 
office. Governor Ford felt indignant on receiving this letter, 
and returned it to Elder Spencer on the 30th, and with it a 
note stating that he considered it disrespectful, false and libel- 
ous, and as containing undeserved censure. 

The Governor :Jso sent a long letter to Bishop George IMillcr 
the same day, in which he justified himself for his whole 
official course towards the Saiuts, claimed that he had saved 
them from total extermination by sending his troops to the 
county, related in a patronizing strain some of the worst of the 
false stories circulated about the Saints stealing jiroperty and 
committing murder, and asserted his determination to keep up 
the military force in the county, notwithstanding the Saints 
protested against it. 

Among the brethren summoned to appear at the court being 
held at Carthage, was Joshua Smith, who had been connected 
with tlie Chnrch since 1S30, and who had always been known 
as a good and faithful man. In accordance with an order of 
JNIajor Warren, that every man entering the town of Carthage 
should be searched for arms, the militia searched him, found a 
knife on his person and arrested him. While under arrest, 
they gave him dinner. Soon after eating it he became very 
sick, and stated that he had been poisoned by the militia. He 
lived but a shoit time, and when iiis body was afterwards 
subjected to a medical examination his suspicion was confirmed 
for it appeared that he had died from poison. 

Foremost among those who turned away from the Church 
and plotted against the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith, was 
l>octor llobert D. Foster. He connived with the mob to procure 
his death, and was one of the men who earnestly solicited 
Joseph Smith to submit to the pretended requirements of the 
law by going to Carthago and delivering himself up for the 
last time. Such treason and transgression are never productive 
of peace and happiness, but sooner or later bring the partici- 
pants to sorrow and remorse. No better illustration of this 
fact can be fijund than the case of Dr. Foster. In a conversa- 
tion he liad with one of the brethren named Abraham C. 
Hodge, afteT he had learned that the Saints were going to 
remove west he said: "I wish I were going among you, 
but it can't be so. I am the most miserable wretch that the 
sun shines upon. If I could recall eighteen months of my 
life I would sacrifice everything I have upon earth. I did love 
Joseph Smith more than any man that ever lived. If I had 
been present, I should have stood between him and death." 
Hodge enquired; "Why did you act as you have done? You 
were acct'.saory to his nmrder." Foster replied: "I know that, 
and I have not seen one moment's peace since tliat time. I know 
that Mormonwm is true, and the thought of meeting Joseph and 
Ilyrum at the bar of God is more awful to me than anything else.'' 



[ For tlie JiivenUe Instructor, 

f 1 W 



HYIDI^OO^I^BOlNr.-nsrO. 3. 
STIJyETJL^^TIOIsr. 



BY obedience to the natural laws, as alluded to in the last 
article, is meant to use things in a right way, that is, in 
accordance with their nature. It is a condition of things that 
animals that absorb oxygen have within themselves a source of 
heat ; the recu<on of this is, that organized beings are chemically 
constituted in such a manner that oxygen combines with 
cert^iin elements within them, and evolves heat. It is also a 
condition of things that animals should take food to replace. 
those elements that are burned within them; hence it is essential 
that food, to be in harmony with this condition, should contain 
combustible materials. Carbon and hydrogen are the principal 
combustible constituents of food. It is also a natural condi- 
tion that whenever carbon and hydrogen combine with oxygen, 
heat is given off; this law applies to the combination of those 
elements, either in the open air, or in the blood. It is also a 
condition of things that animals with lungs can exist and main- 
tain the same temperature of body in the coldest as well as the 
warmest climate; but this does not violate the conditions of any 
other natural law alluded to To maintain this temperature in 
cold latitudes more food must be taken, and, consequently, more 
oxygen inspired ; in warm climates less food and Icis oxygen 
are required. 

The reason we have to take food is to replace the parts of the 
body that are worn out, and to sujiply material for oxygen to 
combine with; for, were we to continue to inspire oxygen and 
not do so, we should waste away and die. Persons who are 
deprived of food entirely (as in some circumstances we occasion- 
ally read of in accounts of shipwrecks etc.) arc gradually 
consumed; all the vital parts are destroyed. In this way at the 
expense of the tissues of the body, heat is maintained and life 
Iireserved as long as jiossible ; heat is closely related to vitality. 
It is considered by able chemists that oxygen is the source of 
vitality ; that the various forces which constitute life receive 
their impulses from the union of this element with elements 
within the body. We may be certain of one thing, it is the 
source of /««?, by combining with the carbonaceous elements 
supplied by food; and it is reasonable to suppose that heat 
thus evolved may be accessory to all the phenomena of life. 

Food to sustain life must contain heat-giving and flesh-form- 
ing materials; the former are the source of stimulation, or 
motion, to the blood, they are that to the human machine that 
fuel is to the steam engine; the latter (flesh-formers) build up 
the human mechanism. But that is not food that will not make 
blood ; it may bo a source of stimnlation, but it will not be 
natural. 31. Mialc says: "all experience tends to show that 
all hydro-carbonaceous substances can only undergo the phenome- 
non of assimilation when they have been decomposed by the 
alkaline humors of the stomach." The hydro-carbon of alcohol 
cannot be digested (assimilated) for it decomposes the humors 
we allude to, vh.. the juices of the stomach. 

Still, it is combustil)le, and a combustible material is essential 
to vitality. Yesl in a proper form ; to be available it must be 
ncHlral, not active, as it is in alcohol. The elements of this 
hydro-carbonaceous fluid arc in a more active state to form new 
combinations than if they were entirely free, which they have a 
tendency to become. Leave the cork out of the bottle, it is dis- 
solved into the atmosphere, expose it broadly to the action of 
oxygen, it passes into the state of vinegar (acetic acid). 

It is this mobility of the elements of alcohol and tendency 
to form new combinations that make it so iicrnicious in the 



jy 



fs^- 





CTTJ'VEIILTIII.E XlSr&rnS,JJC}TCD:R. 



71 ^* 



1^ 



human stoniacli. The constant effort made by the lungs is to 
disengage carbon, every expiration of the lungs removes it as 
carbonic acid. With a proper supply of food, of a proper kind, 
sufficient carbon is taken to supply the system with the necessary 
heat. Sugar is the typu of one kind of carbonaceous food, fat is 
the type of another, both kinds being proper for food because 
they are digestible. 

On entering the human stomach alcoholic drinks diffuse the 
alcohol throughout the system, it passes as a subtle vapor into 
the circulation. At the temperature of the blood the hydrogen 
is first bunied, the normal, or regular process of combustion of 
carbon is stopped. Some of the alcohol is passed off in the 
breath ; when the body is saturated with that spirit it oozes 
from every pore, defiling the atmosphere with its odor. 
Aromatic substances may mask the smell, but the spirit is 
readily detected ; the " clove," used by drinkers to conceal 
their tippling, has a sickly fragrance to the senses of a really 
sober man 1 

The effects produced by the combustion of hydrogen in the 
blood may be conceived of by those who have remembered the 
properties of that element ; heat, intense heat, is caused. The 
expression of some who have "imbibed" is literally true — 
"I am warm all over." Yes! throughout the circulation there 
is a tierce fire burning ; the pulse is quickened, respiration is 
more frequent, the vital fluids, in a frenzy, rush through the 
vessels, every pore is alive to the importance of getting rid of 
the incendiary that fires the blood! The brain, the seat of 
thought, a place that should be sacred, is invaded by the 
enemy ; every vessel of that organ is swollen by the raging 
heat and the surcharge of carbon. The cranium (skull) not 
being clastic, the cerebral mass (brain-matter) is incapable of 
exercising its functions, it is crushed, and stupefaction ensues. 
Sleep — not such as that the poet speaks of— 

" Kind nature's sweet restorer, balmy sleep " — 
but sfiqior^ accompanied by an utter incapacity to exercise any 
faculty of the mind, closes the scene with heavy stertorous 
breathing and entire prostration 1 

This is one among many phases that could be shown of the 
effects of alcoholic stimulation. We will now consider the uses 
of alcohol. Beth. 






jTEO^ 



QOME very novel experiments have been made within the 
)0 past few years, with the view of ascertaining in what that 
singular quality of molten iron or lead consists which allows the 
hand to be passed through it with no covering whatever, yet 
without injury. It is not even necessary that the hand should 
be wet, though this precaution is sometimes taken l)y workmen 
and others who amuse themselves by this apparent defiance of 
the laws of nature. The investigations of several leading 
European philosophers, chief among whom is RI. Boutigny of 
I'aris, and the frequent practice of this hazardous sport l)y 
workmen in several establishments visited by them, show that 
the molten metal may be touched, tossed about with the fingers 
and actually ladled out with the hand ; and although a moist 
state of the skin appears to be essential to perfect safetj' 
M. Boutigny declares that the jierspiration started all over the 
body by the exciting nature of the feat is a sufficient iirotection. 
Employes in several of the shops visited, and the scientific 
experimenters themselves, passed their fingers, without wetting 
through till! glowing stream as it issued from the furnace; 
touched with the ends of their fingers the surface of the fluid 
metal ; dashed the moistened hand against the iron with such 
force as to splash it around ; ladled the metal in the hollow of 
the hand, and in various other ways demonstrated that the 



nature and effects of molten iron are not so fully understood as 
was supposed. Prof. Plucker, of Bonn, dipped the index finger 
of his right hand into the fluid, moved it about a few seconds 
and withdrew it unharmed. His sensations did not indicate a 
temperature of more than about 85 degrees Fahrenheit, while 
in fact it could have been but little less than 2,750 degrees. 
The fine hairs of the skin vanished from his finger, but the naU 
was not affected. 

Various substances and solutions — soap, sal-ammoniac, ether, 
alcohol, etc. — have been applied to the hand before introducing 
it to the bath of the molten metal. The resulting sensations 
vary somewhat, but the effect is practically the same. M. 
Boutigny believes it due to the spheroidal condition of the fluid 
metal, and is moreover of the opinion that the ancients, who are 
said to have understood this art of handling molten iron, had a 
knowledge of calorics scarcely less extensive than that possessed 
by enlightened nations at the present day. 

/Selected. 



Canton. — Let us step into the Chinese provision shops. 
Here we see good mutton, joints of beef, young pigs, and tender 
chickens, and in addition we see four puppies. They have been 
fattened for the market, dressed by scalding, just as young pigs 
are prejiared for the market. A platter is filled with frogs' 
heads. Upon another plate we see the intestines of a chicken, 
on another the entrails of a fish. In a tub by the door arc 
worms, alive and squirming ; and here comes a man with two 
baskets, hanging from a bamboo over his shoulder ; in one of 
them are two old cats, in the other four pretty kittens, one of 
them black, the others gray. This man has no rats on hand to- 
day, but they are to be had in the market. All of these are for 
eating. Thousands of people in Canton think themselves well 
off if they can have a puppy cutlet or a rat pie. I dare say 
that every girl who may read this would like to have something 
terrible happen to the wretches who kUl and eat such pretty 
kittens. A step or two, and we are at a doctor's shop. Ho 
pulls teeth, and here is a string of old teeth, also a peck-basket 
half full, ho says to let the people know he has done a great deal 
of work in that line. The doctor has a patient — a man who has 
the rheumatism in the right leg, and the doctor is taking it out 
by applying cupping glasses — a very harmless remedy — any of 
you who have the rheumatism can try it ; your parents will tell 
you how to do it. But this doctor has some curious medicines 
— dried snakes ! Here they are, hanging by strings from the 
ceiling. How he uses them, or for what purpose, it is impossi- 
ble to say, but here they are, with bundles of herbs to be made 
into poultices, or steeped in water, a|)plied outwardly, or to be 
fcxkon as wo take Epsom salts, rhubarb, and all sorts of bad 
tasting doctor's stuff. 



IDJ^XlLjir BI^E.A.ID, 



A Vialiy girl knelt down to pray 
One morn. The mother said, 
' My love, why do we ever say, 
(iivc us our daily bread ? 
Wliy not ask for a week or more '!" 

Tlie liaby bent her head 
In thoughtful mood towards the Uoor; 
' We want it fresh I" she said. 



A VFTEit.VN observer says: "I never place much reliance on 
a man who is always telling what he would have done had he 
been there. I have noticed that somehow this kind of people 
never get there." 



^^^■ 



!JJ^W»¥^ 



r^. 



y^A 



72 



J- TJ "V E 3^ I L E IISrSTI^TJOTOI^/ 



j^ BiK>nD nDK^o^vEiE?.. 



1^ 

X street one day, and as I -went on I observed a man before 
njc who threw out first one hand and tlien the other, raising 
them both above his head sometimes, and bringing them down 
again as if he were going througli a gymnastic cxereise, or 
practising gestures out of a school sjieakcr with jiictures of boys 
in it, and dotted lines to show where their hands are to move. 
He was not walking straightforward, but went first to one side 
and then to the other; so that I thcmght he must be either 
drunk or crazy. When I came up with him, however, I found 
that he was perfectly solier, very far from crazy, and as busy as 
the most industrious jiorson could wish. He was, in fact, a 
bird merchant, and he was driving two or three hundred can- 
aries before him, just as people drive hogs or cattle, or any- 
thing else. They were not trained birds that had been t;mght 
tricks, like those they have in shows, but just ordinary canary 
birds, hopping along the ground in a drove like a flock of shoe]). 
They seemed to know their master, and had been practised at 
this driving until they knew the meaning of every gesture he 
made, so that he could drive them wherever he pleased without 
fear of losing a single one; and whenever a customer wanted 
to sec a particular bird, the man had no difficulty in picking it 
up out of the flock. 

The whole thing was so odd that I talked with the man, and 
got permission to go to his shop, which was a queer ])lace 
cortiiiiJy. There were cages hanging all over the ceiling, and 
sitting everywhere that a cage could sit, and every cage was 
full of birds. Birds of every kind and color were -there — some 
singuig, some chattering, some screaming; and the place, I 
thought, was the noisiest one I ever saw. A great owl hopped 
about the floor, and an eagle sat on one of the tibles, looking 
like a judge half asleep. Two birds of paradise in a cage were 
smootliing their gaudy feathers, like ladies getting ready for a 
concert. Little birds of every color were crowded together in 
one cage, ready to be sent away to a bird dealer in another city. 
In the backyard the canaries — hundreds of them — were twitter- 
ing, while peacocks and turkey gobblers strutted about among 
their little neighbors. The old man also kept some snakes in 
boxes, and one or two young alligators, together with monkeys, 
and weasels, and ral)bits, and everything else that anybody 
could possibly make pets of, by the dozen. 

I learned that the man raises all his canaries and many of his 
other birds, and buys the rest from sailors, who bring them 
from Mexico and South America. He has boys and girls wan- 
dering all over the city with little cages of birds for sale, and he 
drives the canaries himself, while his wife attends to the shop. 
He commenced driving canaries many years ago, and had a 
good di'al of trouble teaching his first flock to obey. But liirds 
and animals seem to learn from each other much more rapidly 
than frnm men; so whenever young canaries get large enough 
to be sold, the man puts them with bis flock, and they do as 
tlie rest do without any other training. They are like boy>j and 
girls in doing as their comrades do, learning good things or bad 
things, according to the company they keep. 



''°— i-.ri"*^'' 



[l''i)rl,lie .7hi'</ii1 /nalnicl'jr. 



G H ^^ I^ ^^ ID E . 



11 V MISS n A T T I i; w i; s t o v i: i; . 



I am conipoBcd of 10 letters: 
Mv 1, 2, S, 8, >>, 8, is llic name of an cililor; 

My 3, 5, 7, y, 1, 2, i3 the uamt- of one of tlic grand ilivihiims of the 
earth ; 
My :!, 4, fi, 8, Is lliR name of a Ix-asl tliat roams the forest; 
-My w liolc Is one of the States of the I iiion. 



$I$cl$& §t^t%i^\^. 




T'EBIE 



O IT I Hi ID Z^ E IsT . 



January, woni and gvtxy, 
l.iko an old pilgrim hy the way, 
\Vat<-hes tlir siiow, and slavering sighs 
As the \^ikl curlew ruund hmi Hics; 
Or, huddled uudeinealh a thorn, 
Sits ijraying for the lingering morn. 

February, blufl' and cold, 
O'er fun-ows striding scorns the cold, 
And with his horses two alircast, 
Alukos the keen plow do his behest. 

Rough March comes Mustering down the road, 
In his wrathy hand the oxen goad ; 
Or, with a rough and angry haste, 
Scatters the seeds o'er the dark waste. 

April, a child, half tears, half smiles, 
Trips f uU of little plaj-ful wiles ; 
And laughing, 'nealh her rahibow hood. 
Seeks the wild viulets in the hood. 

May, the bright maiden, singing goes. 
To where the snowy hawthorn Olows, 
Wat<'huii;' the lambs leap iu the dells, 
List'ning the simijle vUlage bells. 

June, with the mower's scarlet face, 
Moves o'er the clover held apace, 
And fast Ids crescent scythe sweeps on 
O'er spots from whence the lark has flown . 

July, the farmer, liappy fellow, 
Laughs to see the corn grow yellow; 
The heavy grain he tosses up 
From his right hand as from a cup. 

August, the reaper, cleaves his way, 
Through golden waves at break of day ; 
Or on his wagon, piled with corn. 
At simset hoine is proudly borne. 

September, witli his braying hound. 
Leaps fence and pale at every bound. 
And casts into the wind with scorn 
All cares and dangers from his horn. 

October comes, a woodman old. 
Fenced with tough leather from the cold ; 
Kound swings his sturdy axe, and lo! 
A hr braneh'falls at every blow. 

November cowers before the flame. 
Blear crone, forgetthig her own name! 
\V'atchcs the blue smoke curling rise. 
And broods ui)ou old memories. 

Deceml)er, fat and rosy, strides. 

His old heart warm, well-clothed his sides ; 
With kinilly word for3'oung and old. 
The cheerier for the bracing cold. 
Laughing a welcome, open Uings 
His doors, and as he goes he sings.- 



L.VBOR. — If you would relish your food, labor for it; if you 
would enjoy your raiment, i)ay for it before you wear it; if you 
would sleep soundly, take a clear conscience to bed with you. , 

crxrvEisriLE! uststi^tjotoi?. 

Is i)ublished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Shii/lc Copy, per Annum..„ f2 50. 

tSf Urnin broiight to this City for the .Iiivknii,k Instkuctok will Ij • 
icccivi'd at tin- olliiu of our papir— Ukskhkt Nkws Builoinos. 




