
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, NUVEMBER 1. 1868. 



NO. 21. 



h:.a.g-j^i^ j^2>r u isecuvc^^exj 



-Continued. 



HAGAR took her boy Ishmael and departed. The account 
which we have of their departure and the circumstances 
connected with it, is very brief. We are not told whether she 
went with the intention of visiting and living with some of her 
folks or went off to dwell among strangers. The Bible says 
that "she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beer- 



not see the death of the child;" and she laid him under a bush 
and went off some little distance from him. Her mother's 
heart was moved within her at the sufferings of her boy, and she 
wept at the thought of his death. It was a trying position for 
her to be in, away from her husband and all the care and 
comforts which ho had bestowed upon her, and alone in the 




sheba." And, while there, the incide it occurred which is 
illustrated in the above engraving. Wliile on the desert the 
water which Hapar had in the bottle was all gone, and they 
had nothing to drink. Islinjacl was very thirsty, so thirHty 
that his mother thought he would die for want of water. But 
she did not wish to look upon bis distrvss; she said: "Let mu 



desert with bcr child, who wiis dying of thirst. No womlcr sho 
wept. ButGodwas near her in this hour ol'h 'X (jroat extremity. 
He sent His angel, who called to her out ol' heaven, and, after 
asking her what ailed her, told litr to fear imt, for (jod had 
heard the voice of IshmacO. He furilier told her to arise and 
lift the lad up and hold him in her hand; fo., taid he, I wi 1 



*?S?^2 




»»ojw T.K,^*wawrxB 



Cr T7 AT E IN" I Hi E! 

— /'-^^ >/ — 






1% 



make him a great nation. "And God opened her eyes, and 
she saw a well of water and gave the lad drink. And God 
was with the lad; and he grew and dwelt in the wilderness, and 
became an archer." 

jMohammedan superstition asserts that the well Zenizem, 
near the Kaaha, or what they call the house of God, at Mecca, 
is the spring that guslied forth in the wilderness for the relief 
of Ilagar and Ishniael. Wonderful efficacy is ascribed by them 
to its watei-s, in giving health to the sick, memory to the for- 
getful, pardon to the guilty, and purity to the spiritually 
corrupt. The devout Mohammedan pilgrims seldom fail, 
therefore, to drink copiously of the soul-refreshing liquid It 
is very doubtful, however, about that being t'le spring, for it is 
several hundred miles distant from the place where Hagar and 
Ishmael left Abraham. 

Some have urged th ^ case of Ilagar as an evidence that 
plurality ol wives could not be right. They have said that 
this act of Abraham's in sending her and her son away was 
cruel and unfeeling, and that it was the natural fruit of having 
more wives than one, and that such a system could not be of 
God. But those who reason in this manner forget that Abra- 
ham in sending Ilagar and Ishmael away did as the Lord 
commanded him. lie directed and sanctioned this act of 
Abraham's; and in the revelation wh ch lie gave to the prophet 
Joseph on the subject of celestial marriage, He said that in all 
this did Abraham sin not. The I-,ord had a design to accom- 
plish in having Ishmael go forth into the wilderness. It was 
not through Ishmael's seed that all the nations of the earth 
were to be blessed; it was through Isaac's; but yet he was to 
become a great nation, and this stej) which Abraham took in 
sending him forth seemed to be necessary to bring about the 
fulfilment ot the piomise. Abraliam n.iglit not have seen and 
understood it; Ilagar and Ishmael did not; but God did, and 
He overruled it to raise up a race that should help to bring 
about Ilis purposes. 

II;igar obtain^,■ll a wife for Ishmael out of Egypt. The Bible 
tells us that he had twelve sons, who were ''princes according 
to their nations," He had daughters also; how many we are 
not informed; but we are told that Esau married one of them. 
He, himself, lived to be one hundred and thirty-seven years 
old, and before his death he must have seen himself sur- 
tounded by a numerous body of de.«ccndants. He was a wild 
man, and his race lias preserved that same characteristio to 
this day. They reside in Arabia, and are a roving, warlike 
race. They are the Bedouii's oi the desert; and are equally 
addicted to theft and merchandise; and their neighbors, from 
the most remote times, have been the victims of their rapacious 
spirit. You recollect that it was a company of Ishmaelites who 
bought Jose [)Ii of his brethren for twenty pieces of silver, and 
who took liim to Egypt and sold him again. Then they were 
mcrcl ant?, bat they can be robbers a so. If a Bedouin dis- 
covers from afar a solitary traveler, he rides furiously against 
hiiu, crying, wi h a loud voice, "Undress thyself, thy aunt (tut/ 
ui/i-'i is without a gaiment." And the traveler is stopped. If 
he re<i.--t, woe be to liini; but if he readily submit, he receives 
mercy. To just;fy themselves for their conduct they jirotciid 
that, in the division of the earth, tiie rich and fLitile climates 
were as.-igned to the other branches of the human family; and 
that the posterity of the outlaw Ishmael wight recover, by 
fraud or f rce, the portion of inheritance of which he had been 
unjustly deprived. 

Jlohammcd wag of tliis race, and after lie liad establi.hed 
his religion and pas.'icd away the Arab name carried terror 
througiiout all the surrounding nations. That ia<e advanced 
in their caiccr of victory to the banks of the Indus on the one 
hand and to the summit of the I'yrenees, the mountains which 
divide Spiin and France, on the other. 'J heir c.y vas "the 



Koran or the sword." The Koran was a book of revelations 
which Mohammed professed to have received from God. 
Thtir march was resistless, and they became, in the hands of 
the Almighty, a scourge to the wicked nations. They actually 
trod down kingdoms in their path, and peofiles were consumed 
in their passage like the grass of the prairie by fire. That you 
may have an idea of what these children of Ishmael accom- 
plished we will give you a sketch of what was done in a single 
ten years. It was during the administration of Omar, who 
was the second successor of Mohammed. His people reduced 
to his obedience thirty-sis thousand cities or castles, destroyed 
four thousand temples of the "unbelievers," and erected four- 
teen hundred mosques, or places of worship, for Mohammed. 
In less than one hundred years after Mohammed's death the 
arms and the reign of his successors extended from India to 
the Atlantic Ocean, over various and distant provinces, which 
were known under the names of Persia, Syria, Egypt, Africa 
and Spain. 

The word of the Lord to Abraham could not fail when He 
said that He would make of Ishmael a great nation. 



^iagtiitjil^. 






THE 



N the Gth of April, 1843, a General Con- 
ference of the Church was held, and 
Joseph asked the Saints if they were 
satisfied with himself as the person to 
preside over the whole Church. He did 
not crave power merely for its own sake. 
He acted in the capacity of Prtsident 
because God had called him; and while 
he filled the position he earnestly desired 
the love and confidence of God's people, 
lie did everything that a man could do to secure 
the good feelings of the Chuich. Sidney Ilig- 
don's conduct during these days was such .is not 
to satisfy him. He acted in such a manner that 
Joseph could not have genuine confidence iu 
him, or have that fellowship for him which it was 
natural lie should desire to feel for one of his 
counselors. His feelings respecting Sidney Eigdon's 
course probably made him more desirous of learning 
from the Saints how they felt respecting the First I'residency 
of the Church. It was a great cause of strength to him, as it 
is to every man filling a high and responsil)le station, to know 
that the prayers of the people ascended to God in his behalf, 
and that they had confidence in him that he was trying to mag- 
nify his office. 

"If,"' said ho, "I have done anything to iiijuro my character, 
reputation, or standing, or have dishonored my religion by any 
means in the siglit of angels or in the .sight of men and women, 
I am sorry for it; and if you will fcrgive jne, ] will tiuleavor 
to do so no more. / do not know thai I have done anything of 
the kind. IJut if I hurr, come forward and tell me of it. If any 
one has objection to me, I want you to come boldly and frankly 
and tell me of it; and if not, ever after hold your peace." 

Shortly after this (Ajiril IGtli) Joseidi, having heard of the 
death of Elder Lorenzo I). Barnes, while on a mission in 
England, preached on the subject of the resurrection. Some 







^ 




cr TJ "V" E i<r I Xj E! 








extracts from that are so very interesting and contain so much 
instruction on that doctrine which we would like the children 
to understand, that we insert them: 

"When I heard of the death of our beloved brother Barnes, 
it would not have afifected me so much ifl had had the opportu- 
nity of burying him in the land of Zion. 

"1 believe those who have buried their friends here, their 
condition is enviable. Loolc at Jacob and Joseph in E^ypt, how 
they required their friends to bury them in the tomb of their 
fathers. See the expense which attended the embalming and 
the going up of the great company to the burial. 

"It has always been considered a great calamity not to obtain 
an honorable burial; and one of the greatest curses the ancient 
Prophets could put on any man was, that he should go without 
a burial." 

"Would you think it strange if I relate what I have seen in 
vision in relation to this interesting theme? Those who have 
died in Jesus Christ may expect to enter into all that fruition of 
joy, when they come forth, which they possessed or anticipated 
here. 

"So plain was the vision, that I actually saw men, before they 
had ascended from the tomb, as though they were getting up 
slowly. They took each other by the hand, and said to each 
other, 'My father, my son, my mother, my daughter, my 
brother, my sister.' And when the voice calls for the dead to 
arise, suppose I am laid by the side of my father, what would 
be the first joy of my heart? To meet my father, my mother, 
my brother, my sister; and when they are by my side, I em- 
brace them, and they me. 

"It is my meditation all the day, and more than my meat and 
drink, to know how I shall make the Saints of God comprehend 
the visions that roll like an overflowing surge before my mind. 

"Oh! how I would delight to bring before you thiniis which 
you never thought of! But poverty and the cares of the world 
prevent. But I am glad I have the privilege of communicating 
to you some things, which, if grasped closely, will be a help to 
yoii when earthquakes bellow, the clouds gather, the lightnings 
flash, and the storms are ready to burst upon you like peals of 
thunder. Lay hold of these things, and let not your knees or 
joints tremble, nor your hearts faint; and then what can earth- 
quakes, wars, and tornadoes do? Nothing. All 3'our losses will 
be made up to you in the resurrection, provided you continue 
faithful. By the vision of the Almighty I have seen it." 

Upon suitable occasions Joseph took great pleasure in wit- 
nessing the evolutions of the Legion, of which he was the Lieu- 
tenant General. Martial exercises gave him great pleasure, 
and had occasion required he would, without doubt, have made 
a very superior General; he appeared to possess every needed 
qualification. On M ay the 6th there was a great review of the 
Nauvoo Legion on the parade ground east of Nauvoo. Joseph 
reviewed the Legion and expressed his admiration at the per- 
ceptible improvement there was in the discipline, evolutions and 
uniform. He felt proud to be associated with such a body of 
men, who in point of discipline, uniform, appearance and a 
knowledge of military tactics, were one of the strongest defences 
of the State of Illinois and a great bulwark of the western 
country. He addressed the Legion, and among other things 
said: "When we have petitioned those in power for assistance 
they have always told us they had no power to help us. When 
they give me the power to protect the innocent, I will never say 
I can do nothing for their good: I will exercise that power." 
His great heart burned within him at the thought of the oppress- 
ions which himself and brethren had endured in this land of 
liberty, for the redemption of which from tyranny, their fathers 
had fought. If he had had the power, oppression would have 
ceased in the land, and all, who were disposed to do right, would 
have had freedom. 

In passing through Carthage on his return from a preaching 
mission to Ramus he dined with Judge Stephen A. Douglas, 
who was there holding court; this was on May ISth, 1S4:!. 
After dinner Joseph, at the Judge's request, occupied three 
hours in giving him a minute history of the persecutions of the 
Saints in Missouri. The Judge listened attentively, and spoke 
warmly in condemnation of the conduct of Governor Lilburn W. 
Boggs and the authorities of Missouri, and said that any peo- 
ple who had acted as the mobs of Missouri had done ought to 
be punished. Joseph, in conclusion, said: 



"I prophesy, in the name of the Lord God of Israel, unless 
the United States redress the wrongs committed upon the Saints 
in the State of Missouri and punish the crimes commited by 
officers, that in a few years the Government will be utterly 
overthrown and wasted, and there will not be so much as a pot- 
sherd left, for their wickedness in permitting the murder of men, 
women, and children, and the wholesale plunder and extermin- 
ation of thousands of her citizens to go unpunished, thereby 
perpetrating a foul and corroding blot upon the fair fame of 
this great republic, the very thought of which would havo 
caused the high-minded and patriotic framers of the Constitu- 
tion of the United States to hide their faces with shame. Judge, 
you will aspire to the Presidency of the United States; and if 
you ever turn your hand against me or the Latter-day Saints, 
you will feel the weight (>f the hand of the Almighty upon you; 
and. you will live to see and know that I have testified the truth 
to you, for the conversation of this day will stick to you through 
life." 

A portion of this prophesy respecting our country and the 
State of Missouri, has been fulfilled, and the rest will be. But 
Joseph's words to Judge Douglas have been fulfilled to the very 
letter. Douglas did aspire to the Presidency of the United 
States, and he did use his influence against the Latter-day Saints, 
thinking that he could gain popularity by so doing; but he 
miserably failed. He was deserted by his own friends, and die 
a disappointed man. 

In a discourse which Joseph delivered May 21st, 1843, to a 
large congregation, he said, in speaking of the three glories 
which he had seen, that he could explain a hundred-fold more 
than he ever had of the glories of the kingdom manifested to 
him in the vision, were he permitted, and were the people pre- 
pared to receive it. His mind was full of knowledge to impart 
to the Saints, and all his teachings were accompanied by great 
power. On the 26th of that month ho gave his brother HjTum 
and President Brigham Young and Elders Heber C. Kimball 
and Willard Richards and Bishop N. K. Whitney and some 
other brethren, their endowments, and he also gave them 
instructions in the Priesthood and on the new and everlasting 
covenant. This was a joyful time to him and the brethren. 
It was a great relief to him to be able to bestow these blessings 
upon his brethren — faithful men whom he had tried and proved, 
and who had never deserted him or flinched in the hour of 
temptation and danger. He felt that the responsibility and 
care no longer rested upon himself alone. He had bestowed 
upon them the keys of the priesthood, the same that he, himself; 
held; and whatever might happen to him there were others now 
who had the authority to step forth and build up the kingdom 
of God on the earth and to perform all the ordinances thereof. 
(To be Continued.) 



WATCHING ONE'S SELF.— "When I was a boy," said 
an old man, "wo had a schoolmaster who had odd ways of 
catching the boys. One day he called to us, 'Boys, I must 
have closer attention to your books. The first one of you that 
sees another boy idle, I want him to inform me, and I will 
attend to the case. ' 

" 'Ah!' thought t to myself, 'there is Joe Simmonds, that I 
don't like. I'll watch him, and if I see him look ofi" his book, 
I'll tell.' It was not long before I saw Joe look off his book 
and immediately I informed the master. 

" 'Indeed!' said he. 'How did you know he was?' 

" 'I saw him,' said I. 

" 'You did! And were your eyes on your book when you 
saw him?' 

"I was caught, and I never watched for idle boys again." 

If wo are sufficiently watchlil over our own conduct, we shall 
have but little time to find fault with the conduct of others. 
It is a low business to be continually trying to point out flaws 
in others' characters, and any person guilty of it is very apt to 
be blind to many of his own faults. 



ie? 




T^';-a?rms--Trrq»jr.i 



/ 
^'5'. 



I isr S T I^ TJ C T O I^.. 



.^6I_ 



NOVEMBER 1, 1868. 




REAT changes are taking place in this 
Territory' in regard to the education of chil- 
dren. Education is receiving an amount of 
attention now which could not be bestowed 
upon it in former days. Though there are 
not so many good schools as we would like 
to see, yet there are enough for all the 
children to obtain a good education. We 
hope to see the time when every child in 
country will be educated, and when there 
be none that cannot read and write. Of 
people in the world it is most important that 
Latter-day Saints should be good scholars. 
Many of the httle boys who read the Jua'enile 
IxsTRUCTOR may yet be called to go on missions 
to preach the gospel. In doing so they will likely 
have to preach before men learned in all the wisdom 
of the world, and some of them may yet have to 
stand in the courts of kings. Of course to do this 
properly they, themselves, should not be ignorant. 

Moses knew as much of the learning of the Egyptians as 
any of those who stood before Pharaoh. Daniel was as well 
acquainted with all the wisdom of the Chaldeans as the most 
learned men of the kingdom. Then, besides this, Moses and 
Daniel had a knowledge of God, which was worth far more to 
them than all the rest. The wise men of Egypt and Chaldea 
were forced to acknowledge that these servants of God were 
their equals in all the learning of those nations, and that in the 
knowledge of God they were their superiors. This gave Moses 
and Daniel great influence. And this will be the case also with 
the Elders of this Church. But it will not be those who play 
truant, and are careless about going to school, and who place 
no value upon knowledge, who will be chosen for such missions; 
it will be the men, who, when they were boys, were fond of 
school, who studied hard and sought for knowledge. 

In the New England States education has been closely 
attended to; their school system is the admiration of the world. 
The result is, New England ideas prevail in the nation; New 
England men have made their mark in the Republic. This 
would not be the case if the children in those States had been 
allowed to grow up in ignorance. 

Even on the Sandwich Islands, where a little over thirty 
years ago they had no written language and they were totally 
ignorant of the arts of reading and writing, a young man and 
young woman can not obtain a license to marry unless they can 
read and write; and the young people am read and write, and 
write, too, without making mistakes in sijclling. 

In Prussia the system of education is very complete, and 
has long been celebrated in Europe. Every child born there 
has a legal right to education — the best the state can afford. 
If a child's education has not been attended to, there are many 
privileges which, in after life, he cannot enjoy. In that coun- 
try persons who are not good teacheis are forbidden to keep 
schools, and if they do, they are punished. 

In Saxony every school district has a school me.'senger. 
This mjssenger must ask the school teacher on every school 



day, after the school hours, what children ha^e been absent 
without a proper excuse. The nest morning before school 
hours, he must go to the parents of the absent children and 
demand the children for the school, or else the reasons of their 
absence. If the children do not go to school after this demand, 
but remain without excuse for two days, the school messenger 
must take them on the third da}', and conduct them to the 
school. If the children stay away from the school with the 
knowledge of their parents after being thus carried to it by 
the messenger, measures for punishment are taken, if the 
messenger is prevented from taking the children to school, 
without good reason, the officers of the law must lend him 
their assistance. For all these visits the messenger obtains 
fees from the parents, and if he cannot collect them the mag- 
istrates must make the parents pay him. 

These may seem like harsh laws; but the results are escellent- 
The Saxons are said to be generally better informed, and more 
moral, than any other people in Europe. 

Parents in this country are not compelled to send their 
children to school They are at liberty to do so or not. But 
they ought to feel as much bound to have their children edu- 
cated as if the law required it; for the work of God requires 
educated men and women to carry it on. We hope all the 
Juvenile readers will exert themselves to become good schol- 
ars. Be studious, childi-en. When you are not in school, seek 
for knowledge in good books, and by conversing with those 
who can teach you. 



IN tlie last number of the Jijvenile'JInstructor we pub- 
lished a short article under the head "Death of the Apos- 
tles." By an omission the proof was not read by us, and 
before we noticed it, a number of copies were struck off. It 
contained an error. It was stated that John died a natural 
death at Ephesus. We know that this is the general opinion 
of historians. But new revelation has settled this point, 
John obtained a promise from the Savior that he should live 
in the flesh to bring souls to him. The Savior alludes to this 
promise in his conversation with Peter: 

"Peter seeing him, saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this 
man [John] doV 

"Jesus saith unto him, if I will that he tarry till I come, 
what is that to thee? Follow thou me. 

"Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that 
that disciple should not die; yet Jesus said not unto him, He 
shall not die; but, if I will that he tarry till I come, what is 
that to thee?" — John, xxi chapter, 21-23 verses. 

And again where He says: 

"Verily I say unto you, there be some standing here, which 
shall not taste of death, till they see this Son of man coming 
in his kingdom." — Matthew, xv chapter, 28 verse. 

If you will read the third paragraph of chapter XIII of the 
Book of Nephi, in the Book of Mormon, page 488 English 
edition, you will find it very interesting in connection with this 
subject. 

It was because of this promise to John that they could not 
kill him, even by throwing him into a cauldron of boiling oil. 



WE have a number of the First and Second Volumes of the 
Juve.nlle Instructor, bound, which we desire to sell. 

Those who have saved all the numbers of the Second Vol- 
ume can have them bound, by bringing them to this office, 
in covers which have been made expressly for the purpose. 
When the Third Volume is completed we can bind it also in 
similar covers for those who save it. 

Our Sunday School Rewards and Tickets that we have on 
hand are very beautiful and in great variety. We feel confi- 
dent that we can give satisfaction in this line. 






i\ 



VM. 2 



J" TJ "V" E IsT I Xj E3 in^STI^TJOTOI^/ 



t 



For the Juvenile Instructor. I 



iLl 



165 



fC^d 






:E:F':p:E]aTs 






IT is thus by the intermarrying of the children of the three 
sons of Noah, each with the peculiarities and the specialities 
of its race that difference of appearance first commenced among 
the sons of men. And these peculiarities of looks and color 
Were afterwards heightened and intensified by the great differ- 
ence of climate and other outward circumstances surrounding 
each particular race developing peculiarities in one people that 
were never brought out in others. But the first great cause of 
the varieties of race among the human family is to be found in 
God's dealings with mankind, and in His rewards and punish- 
ments. 




We have already referred at some length to the American 
Indians, as a people in whom is specially manifested the power 
of the hand of the Lord when it is laid in anger upon a people. 
We might also speak of the Jews as another instance of a peo- 
ple laboring under the displeasure of Heaven. But as their 
sufferings have principally consisted in being dispersed among 
the nations of the earth, and being persecuted and tortured by 
them, and as they have not mixed with the races amongst 
whom they have tarried, their dispersion has done very little 
towards altering the character or appearance of ihe rest of the 
human family. 

Some writers deny the possibility of a mixed race of people 
existing for any great length of time upon the earth. They say 
the race would entirely die out or return in characteristics of 
mind and body to one of the races from wliicii it sprung. There 
is a great deal of truth in this when referring to the extreme 
varieties of man as they now exist. We do not believe in the 
permanency of a race descended from people so wide apart as 
the Anglo-Saxon and Negro. In fact we believe it to be a great 
sin in the eyes of our Heavenly Father fur a white person to 
marry a black one. And further, that it is a proof ol the mercy 
of God that no such race appear able to continue for many gen- 



erations. _ This idea, however, of wiiite and black people inter- 
marrying is very popular just now in New England and other 
parts of the United States, and foolish writers and preachers try 
to encourage it. This is what"is called miscegenation. But 
because races so far separate from each other as the white man 
and the negro do.>ot readily blend, it is no reason that others 
nearer allied in character and appearance should not do so, 
especially in] the early days after the flood, when there was 
probably nothing like the difference in mankind, that ex- 
ists between their descendants Bow. Indeed some of the most 
learned writers tell us, we do not know with how much truth, 
that ne-B races of men have sprung up within the last two or 
three hundred j-ears. Amongst the be-t known of these are 
the Griquas of South Afi ica, descended on one side from the 
native Hottentots, and from the early Dutch colonists on the 
other. The Griquas occupy the banks of the Orange river for 
the space of about seven hundred miles, and their numbers 
were estimated, some years ago, to be at least five thousand 
souls. 

Then again there is a tribe of f eople living in Brazil, who are 
known by the name of the Cafusos. These people sprang in the 
first place from a mixture of the native Americans with the 
Negroes imported from Africa. Their appearance is said to be 
one of the strangest that can be met with. They are slender 
and muscular, of a deep copper color, with an oval countenance, 
black eyes, high cheek bones, but not so broad a face as the 
native American. But their hair is the strangest thing about 
them. It combines the woolly hair of the Negro with the stiff, 
long, black hair of the [ndian. This causes it to stand out all 
around the head, almost straight up for a foot or a foot and a 
half, curling considerably, esjiecially at the ends. It looks 
more like a big mop than any other thing it can be compared 
to. There is another race dwelling in New Guinea that boasts 
a head of hair agreeing exactly with that of the Cafusos. 
They are called Papuans, and are supposed to be descended 
from the Malays and the black tribes known as the Pelagian 
Negroes who inhabit those parts. 

We must now consider the effect of climate on men and 
women in changing their appearance and color. Some have 
thought that climate had all to do in making the skin of a man 
black, white or red. This cannot be BO from the fact that 
many comparatively fair races dwell in the hottest regions of 
the earth, while some very dark races live in temperate or cold 
countries. We, however, must believe this much, that people 
of the same or kindred races who hve in different climates will 
be fairest in the coolest portion of their countrj', and darkest 
in the hottest parts, that is, if those warmest parts lie within 
the tropics. But we have nothing to prove that a hot climate 
will change a European into a Negro, nor a cold climate 
turn a Negro into a fair-skinned, light-haired being, nor will it 
so affect his descendants, no matter how many hundred years 
they may live in this new climate. 

You have no doubt all noticed that in summer when 
your fathers or brothers have been working some time on the 
farm or in the kanyons, that their faces and hands become 
darker than those portions of their bodies not exposed to the 
action of the sun. We then say they are tanned or sunburnt. 
When winter comes and they stay in the house this wears off 
and the skin regains very much of its natural color. If they 
were working all the year round ex])oscd to a hot sun, they 
would undoubtedly continue sunburnt; but this is about all the 
effect the sun would have on the color of their ,-kin. And this 
difference we find in kindred races who live in different climates. 
Thus, the people of JNortliern Europe— the Swedes, Danes, 
Saxons, etc.,— have generally iair skins, light blue or grey 
eyes and flaxen hair; while the people of Southern Europe— 
the Spanish, Italians, Greeks, etc.,— have darker skins and 



M 



© 



166 






I iT S T i^ TJ O T O I^ 



'-C-d 



-J- 



9^2 



black or brown hair and eyes. It is so also with the Arab 
tribes; those living in the the low, hot valleys are nearly as 
black as iS'egroes, whilst those whose homes are in the higher 
and cooler regions are often as fair as Spaniards or Portuguese. 
Go to Hiudostan; there you find the same variation. Blany of 
the hill tribes are quite light, while the people who live on the 
sea coast or the adjacent islands approach the Negro in color. 
Journey further east, land on the Philippine Islands; they are 
no further south than Hindostan, yet the people have the 
black skin, thick lips, flat nose and woolly hair of the African 
Negro; in fact, as far as appearance is concerned, are Negroes 
of the blackest dye. Now let us travel northward until we 
reach the Aleutian Islands. We are now as far north as Lab- 
rador. On these islands we discover a race of people of about 
the same color as the Indians of thes-3 valle3's, and apparently 
belonging to that family of men. If we travel westward we 
come to Kamtschatka and Eastern Siberia; here we find the 
people olivo-coloieil, very much resembling the Chinese in 
features and color; that is, they would be very much like them 
it they could be persuaded to wash the grease and paint off 
their faces and comb their hair. But we presume that would 
be too great a sacrifice of established custom to persuade many 
to make. Traveling still further westward we at last reach 
Europe; here in the same longitude, though in a warmer 
climate, we find some of the fairest people on the earth — the 
races inhabiting the shores of the Baltic Sea and surrounding 
country. 

We presume most of you are aware that the coldest portions 
of the earth are its extreme north and south; that is, the parts 
bordering on the north and south poles. Traveling gradually 
to the middle of the world, either south from the north pole 
or north from the south pole, we find it is getting warmer 
every hundred miles, until we are half way between the two 
])oles. There we are in the ver3' hottest climate — in what is 
called the torrid zone. Zone means a belt or band. Those 
coldest portions near the poles are known as the frigid zones, 
and between the frigid and the torrid zones lie the temperate 
zones, where there is neither the extreme heat of the torrid, 
nor the severe cold of the frigid zones. Now, although we 
have said that climate has not everything to do with changing 
the color of people, yet it has a good deal to do with increasing 
the diflercnce between different races, or fimiilios of the same 
race who live far apart. It is well known that the torrid zone 
is the principal seat of the black races of men. It is the 
natural home of the Negro. While the regions remote from 
thisburningzono are the dwelling places of thewhite races; whi'e 
the climates approaching the tropics are generally inhabited by 
nations who are neither of the darkest nor of the fairest com- 
plexion, but between the two. To this observation may be 
added that high mountains and countries of great elevation 
are generally ijihabited by jicojile of a lighter color tlian those 
where the level is low, such as sandy or swampy plains on the 
sea coast. Still, from the fact of races as light as many or 
the Polynesian Islanders, and the Indians of south America 
dwelling in the very liottest parts of the earth we must come 
to the conclusion that it is not climate alone that has made the 
Negro what he is, but must ascribe it to the reason already 
given: that it is the result of the race suffering the displeasure 
of Heaven. G. 11. 

{T'j he Conlmual) 



"I'l.L tell yourmothcr of you," said one little girl to another. 
"Tell hci;" answered Maggie; "you can not tell her any thing 
naughty of me that I don't tell her myself!" That is right. 
Let every boy and girl tell mother when they do wrong, and 
1 am sure they will not keeji doing it. 



J'^br the Juvenile Instructor. 






The following article on "Little Willie" was commenced in 
the last volume, and three numbers were then published; but 
the copy of the fourth was mislaid, and the articles were 
slopped. We are now promised a continuation of them, and 
as the first numbers may not have been read, by some who now 
take the Juvenile Instructok, we republish them,— [Ed. J. I. 



LITTLE WILLIE lived in a large town in Yorkshire, 
England. jMy story commences when he was about seven 
years old. 

Willie's father was poor and worked very hard. About this 
time Vv illie began to help his father work. He had learnea to 
read tolerably well (for he had loved his book) but now he 
became more careless, and all the leisure time that Willie had, 
he wished to spend in plaj'. He continued in this way till 
he was about nine years old, and he had lost so much of his 
reading, during this time, that he now could barely name the 
letters of the aljihabet. 

One day a very strange feeling came over him and he thought 
of many men whom he knew could not read, and he knew that 
people called them ignorant — that they did not have much influ- 
ence — did not know any thing but hard labor; that if any 
place of ease and profit should offer itself, they would not 
be able to fill it. Then on the other hand, be thought of many 
who were filling easy positions, drawing high wages, enjoying a 
good influence and respected by all who knew them. Among 

the rest he thought of his Uncle G , head book-keeper of 

a large firm, with an income of nearly four hundred pounds 
sterling per year. While those hard woiking, uneducated men 
only had about twenty or from that to thirty pounds sterling 
per year — dragging out a miserable existence — unable to sustain 
a comfortable home. 

These thoughts led little Willie to make a resolution. And 
what do you think it was? I will tell you. He resolved that 
he woidd do his best to become a learned and useful man; 
that from that moment all his leisure time should be spent 
in gaining knowledge. 

Willie went right away to his father and told him his 
thoughts, and said, "father, if you please will you give me 
money to buy a book? and I will go to Mr. Lund's book 
store and buy a Reading Made Easy, (for that is the name of 
the book,) and this very night I wiU commence to learn." 

"Yes, my son," said Willie's father, "I will give you money 
to buy a book with. I very much apjirove of the plan that you 
have chosen to adopt, and I will do all that I can to help you 
carry it out." 

Willie got the money, wjnt to Mr. Lund's store, purchased 
the book, returned home and commenced his task. 

About this time Edward Milnes and Henry Guerdon, 
missionaries of the Church of Jesus Ciirist of Latter day 
Saints, visited Willie's native town. They looked around but 
could see no familiar face, nor hear a friendly voice. They 
went along one of the back streets which led to a large woolen 
factor}-. Away high up, on the side of this factory, they saw 
the words " I'roiuknce Alilh." The words attracted their 
attention, and they felt strongly impressed to go inside, and see 
if J'rovidcnce would open up their way. And sure enough 
God did ojicn their way, for when they got inside one of the 
over-lookers seemed as though he wanted to talk to them, and 
finally came to them and asked them if they were preachers. 



JC9 



Vo/. 3 /N/O 



CTTJ ^ E IsT Z H. E IISTST 






-1S7 



They told him that they were. I am glad of that said the man, 
and continued he, I am one of a small congregation who have 
left the "Methodist New Connexion Church." We meet 
together every Sabbath, woiship God as well as we know how, 
and pray that ha will send us the Fure Gospel. It is my turn 
to preach on next Sabbath, Will you be so kind as to preach 
for me? The elders told him that they would feel very happy 
in doing so. 

After an agreeable conversation they left the factory. As 
they walked back along the street vhey thanked God for this 
proof that He watched over them, and that He had guided their 
steps to "Providence Mills." And they also prayed, that on 
the coming Sabbath, God would give them a large portion of 
His spirit so that they would be able to preach the pure testi- 
moay of Jesus to the people, to the convincing of the honest- 
in-heart. 

Sabbath morning dawned, and ten o'clock found the elders 
seated in a snug little school room, surrounded by an intelligent 
looking congregation, who were anxiously waiting to hear them 
preach. The meeting was opened, the elders were introduced, 
and thi y told the people that an angel had come from heaven 
and restored the everlasting gospel, — that all who would believe 
their word, repent of their sins and be baptized for the remis- 
sion of them, have hands laid upon them that they might 
receive the Holy Ghost, and then continue to live by every 
word that should come Irom the mouth of God should be saved, 
and receive a testimony that they had preached the truth 
to them. 

This plain, simple preaching filled the hearts of the people 
with joy, and some spoke aloud and said, "This is the pure 
gospel. God has answered our prayers." AVhen the ciders 
had done preaching they asked the people if any of them 
wished to be baptized. Sis of the principal men in the congre- 
gation th(.n stood up and said that they were ready at any 
time. One of Willie's uncles was among the sis. And soon 
alter Willie's father and mother went to hear the elders preach. 
Willie's lather said, "I believe these men preach the same 
gospel that Jesus and his apostles preached." Willie's mother 
thought so too, and they agreed that it was their duty to go 
and be baptized, which th^y did. 

After this \t LIlie went with his father to meeting every 
Sunday, and he was very fond of hearing the elders preach. 
Sometimes he would go to some lonely place where he could 
kneel down and pray, and have no one to see him, and then he 
would ask God in the name of Jesus Christ to help him become 
a good and useful man. W. W. B. 

( To he Continued) 



THE STOE.'X" OE 

kiclecled from Jacob Abbott'i Writings. 
[CONTINUED.] 



AFTER a time the English government, not satisfied with 
what was obtained from these duties on the external 
commerce of the country, determined to commence the system 
of laying internal taxes directly upon the people. They knew 
that the people would be strongly disposed to rcsi.st tliis 
attempt, and that they must therefore begin in a very cautious 
manner. So they devised an exceedingly ingenious plan lor 
the commencement. 

They made a law that no documents used in business in 
America, such as deeds, notes, receipts, and the like, should 
be of any binding force in law unless they were written on 
papers for which a tax had been paid in J^ngland. In order 



to carry the law into effect, the government had paper prepared 
suitable for writing such documents upon, and a stamp put upon 
every sheet. These stamps were of different kinds, according 
to the kind of document they were intended for. There was 
so much to be paid for a paper to write a deed upon, so much 
for a receipt, and so with all the other different kinds. These 
were to be sent out to America and offered for sale. Of course,^ 
whoever bought them must pay the tax as well as the price of 
the paper; and if people did not buy them, but wrote their 
no^es, for example, on common paper, the notes would be of 
no force. The men who signed them might pay them or not, 
as they pleased. The judges in the courts could not compel 
them to pay unless the note was written on stamped paper. 

The amount of tax was not vei7 great. It would be, perhaps, 
only a few cents for a receipt for fifty dollars. The English 
government thought that the merchants would prefer to pay 
this small sum rather than put to risk so larger one. But the 
Americans were iletermined to do no such thing. They were 
resolved that the government should not be allowed to begin to 
tax them, for, if they were once permitted to begin, no one 
could tell when and where they would end. So they had 
meetings, and passed resolutions binding themselves not to use 
the stamped paper when it came, no matter how much trouble 
and inconvenience it might occasion them. These resolves they 
carried fully into effect. The stamped papers came but nobody 
would buy them. The affair led to a groat deal of difficulty, 
and produced an intense excitement throughout the country; 
but, finally, the government, finding that the Americans were 
fully detemined not to yield, repealed the law. They, however, 
when they repealed it, passed a vote asserting that they had 
a perfect right to tax the colonies in any way they thought fit, 
and they intended to tax them on some future occasion. 

It was not long before the occasion came. The English gov- 
ernment resolved to try the experiment again. They made a 
law laying duties on several articles which it was customary to 
import from England into America in those days. They chose 
the articles which they supposed it would be most difiicult for 
the Americans to do without. The articles were glass, paper, 
colors to be used in paint, and tea. 

They managed to get along without using the stamped paper, 
thought the government, but they will have to pay these taxes, 
or else go without any glass or paint for their houses, or any 
paper to write or print upon, and the women can have no tea. 

When the law was passed, in order to intimidate the Ameri- 
cans and make sure of enforcing it, they sent some ships of war 
to Boston, where the spirit of resistance seemed to be the 
strongest. They landed a large number of troops from these 
ships, and garrisoned the forts with them. These measures, 
however, instead of intimidating the Bostonians, only exasper- 
ated them, and made them still more determined that they 
would not submit. The Massachusetts Legislature sent remoii- 
strances to England, expressing in the strongest terms their 
opposition to these laws, and public meetings were held in all 
parts of the country, in which resolutions were passed taking 
the same ground. In these meetings the people resolved that 
they would not use any of these articles thiit were taxed in 
this way, and denounced every merchant who should import 
them, and offer them for sale, as an enemy to his country. 

Still, some merchants would persist in importing them, and 
the people were greatly incensed against them for so doing. 
The very boys caught the general spirit, and they used to make 
efhgies of these merchants, and after carrying them about the 
town, and holding them up to the scorn and derision of the 
crowd, would burn them in the streets. At one time the boys 
became involved in an affray with one of the men who were thus 
obnoxious to them, and followed him to his house. The man 
went in, and thus escaped out of their hands. The boys (hen 



I f T llWW^W mJUAlJJ ' JJf- M 



yjc^^ 







IISrSTI^TJCTOI^ 




c'5'. 



began to throw snowballs and pieces of ice at the bouse. Tbe 
man became exasperated with them, and, thinking that he had 
a right to protect his dwelling from such an attack, brought a 
gun to the window, and fired and killed one of the boys. 

This occurrence produced an intense excitement throughout 
the town. The funeral of the boy was attended by an immense 
concourse of people. For some days nothing else was talked 
of, and every where were heard the most violent denunciations 
and threats of vengeance. 

After this, disputes and collisions between the people on the 
one hand, and the soldiers, and the government officers, and 
all who were supposed to favor the British side, on the other, 
grew more and more frequent and alarming. When blood begins 
to be shed in such contentions, the effect is always to exasper- 
ate the parties more and more against each other, instead of 
intimidating them. At length, on one occasion, a very serious 
collision took place in Boston between the troops and the 
citizens, which increased the general excitement to a higher 
degree than ever. One night — it was in the evening of the 
fifth of March, 1770— some young men threw snowballs at 
a sentinel who was on guard at the Custom-house. He proba- 
bly repelled the assault somewhat rudely, and this led to a 
disturbance. Soon a crowd collected, and there were indica- 
tions of a riot. The captain of the guard, hearing of this 
difficulty, sent a sergeant and six men to the spot. lie thought 
the appearance of the soldiers would intimidate the crowd and 
drive them away, but it seemed only to increase their excitement 
and exasperation. At last the command was given to fire, 
'ihe soldiers obeyed. Three of the crowd were killed on the 
spot, and two more were mortally wounded. This occuiTcnce 
produced a [u-odigious sensation, and aroused the people almost 
to frenzy. They called it a massacre. 

At length, the governors of the provinces, seeing how great 
the excitement was becoming, wrote to the ministers in Eng- 
land that if they still persisted in enforcing the law which they 
had passed, the colonists would soon come to open re!»ellion, 
and recommended to them to give way a little, if it was only 
for a time. 

The government, after taking the case into full consideration, 
finally decided that they would take off all the taxes except the 
one on tea. That, tliey insisted, must stand. 

The Bostonians were determined that it should not stand. 
They all resolved that they would not buy any of the tea when 
it should come. More than this, as the ship which brought 
the first cargo of tea arrived, a company of men went on board 
late in the evening, and took po.sscssion of the ship, hoisted up 
the tea-chests out of the hold, and threw it all over into the 
water. There were two hundred and forty chests and one hun- 
dred half-chests that were thus destroyed. There were about 
thirty men in the i)arty. They were disguised as Indians. 

The English government were greatly enraged at this tran- 
saction. Tliey immediately jjassed a law to shut up the port of 
Boston, .so that no ships could pass either in or out. This 
destroyed, for a time, the commerce of the town, and produced 
great distress and suffering. It, however, only strengthened 
the determinations of the Bostonians not to submit to these 
encroachments of a distant government, which, not contented 
with the very large share of power which it had always hitherto 
enjoyed over the colonies, now grasped at the whole. Indeed, 
many of the leaders among the Americans began to ask scri- 
ou.sly whether the time had ni^t come when they ought to throw 
off the foreign dominion entirely, and hciicefortli manage their 
own affairs in their own way, as an indejiendent nation. 

All the other colonies syuipathizcd strongly with the Mas- 
sachusetts colony and the Bo>tonians, and were jirepared to 
j lin them in taking any stand which they might finally decide 
upon. 



For Vie Juvenile Instiuctor, 
FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



Republished from No. 19, with the answers: — 

141. What -was peculiarly manifested in the commencement 
of preaching the gospel in England? 

Satan began to rage and manifest his hatred. 

142. Who was first tormented by evil spirits? 
Elder Isaac Russell. 

143. Who was struck senseless while administering to him? 
President Heber C. Kimball. 

144. By what was President Kimball relieved? 

By prayer to God, who relieved him from the power of the 
enemy. 

14.5. How many did President Kimball baptize the same day? 

Nine persons. 

140. Who was the first person baptized in the Eastern Hem- 
isphere? 

Brother George D. Watt. 

147. Who was the lirst person confirmed? 
Sister Jonetta Richards. 

148. Whose wife did she afterwards become? 

She afterwards became the wife of Presiden t Willard Rich- 
ards. 

149. When did Presidents Kimball and Hyde leave England? 
On the 20th of April, lyoS. 

150. When did they arrive in Kirtlaud? 
May 21st, 1S3S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

G n .^ :k. j^ ID E . 



BY J. W. PUNN. 



I am composed of 10 letters. 

My 1, 3, 3, 2, 0, is a fruit. 

My 7, 1, 0, is a domestic animal. 

My 3, 8, 5, 6, is a tree. 

My 5, 4, 5, 6, 9, 10, is a number. 

My whole is a City in Utah. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 19 is NEVADA. 



"I can't do it." Yes, you can. Try, try hard, often try, 
and you will accomplish it. Vield to every discouraging cir- 
cumstance, and you will do nothing worthy of a great mind. 
Try, and you will do wonders. You will be astonished at your- 
self — at your advancement in whatever you undertake. "I 
can't" has ruined many a man — has been the tomb of bright 
expectation and ardent hope. Let "I will try" be your motto 
in whatever you undertake, and, if you press onward, you will 
steadily and surely accomplish your object, and come oft' vic- 
torious. 



CTTJ^sTEJlSrilL.^] I3SrST£?.TJOTOI^ 

i* pubhshcd in JSaU Lake Cifi/, Utah Tenilw-^y, 
ON THE FIRST &. FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per A.iinuin 83 w 

BiDgle Copy, lor Six Mouths j 50 

JSti' It i.H rrprcird irhrrc (u/cnt^i fdntard nfunrs f/ir>/ ii'iU be rejmonsihle 
f>y thr jtaprr.t Ihu.-i onicrt-il; (inU ic/tin i;ii>ih iut)nnin(.\ are Dittde fJmj 
ii'ili p/rasr /orwdrd than wUh the letter voiU'Liiuny the luwies of the 
.siilinrrihrrs. 

«^ Kl'lrr M'ln. II. Shcanr.'tn^ Logan, li/Ul act as Genci'al Agent for 

cyifiic v<iiit\\f. 

ih9~ (Jrain hroii(/fU Ut /hit On':/ for the Juvknii.k Inktkitctor uiU t)e 
ceceived ai the ojjlce o/ uur pc/ivtr—L) Kb liUJbT .News liuiLUitjos. 



f^c. 



Vj-C 



1) 



