
VOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1878. 



NO. 9. 



THIIESTOIR,^" OF JEREMIAH 



THE history of Jeremiah is a very sad one, and he wrote 
"the most mournfully of all the prophets. 
This was owing to the troublous times in which he lived, 
for he prophesied when the kingdom of Israel had already gone 
into captivity, and when that of Judah, having reached the 
hsight of its wickeduess, was, therefore, fast approaching 
its end. 



When Jehoahaz was taken prisoner . Pharaoh-Necho, 
King of Egypt, Jeremiah predicted thai h should not return, 
but should die in the land of his captivity. He prophesied 
also, thit Jehoiakiiu, on aceount of hi~ wn-kedness, should 
have the burial of an ass, his body being thrown outside 
Jerusalem, exposed "in the day to the heat, and in the night 
to the frost. " He foretold, also, theca'ain i '<■" that sh mid oyer. 




Ir ^ A* tesi.:?^' - v ^V-^W^'x^t J g ^ 




Jeremiah was the son of Ililkiah, a priest of Anathoth, a 
city of the tribe of Benjamin, which lay three miles to the 
north of Jerusalem, and which, in the time of Joshua, had 
bc<m appointed to the use of the priests. 

Being called to be a prophet when very young, in the 
thirteenth year of the reign of Josiah, King of .Judah, he 
continued to prophesy through the reigns of Jehoahaz or 
Shallum, Jehoiakiiu, Jchoiachin or Jeconiali. and Zedckiah — 
a period of at least forty-two years. 



whelm the kingdom when the Babylonians should come against 
it, and destroy Jerusalem and the temple, and take the people 
captives to Babylon, where they should remain seventy years. 

This so enraged the false prophets, tho unfaithful priests, 
and the elders of the people, that they came to Jeremiah in 
the temple, and, accusing him before the princes, declared 
him worthy of death. 

He was sent to prophesy evil, and could not do otherwiso 
WB8 the prophet's reply to the princes; and the remedy was I 




^J 



r^ 98 



JTJYBNILE IFSTBTJCTOB. 



their own hands, and not in his, for if they would only amend 
their ways the threatened calamities would not come. He 
knew he was in their power, he said; but if they put him to 
death they would only increase their guilt and hasten their 
own punishment. 

Afraid at his words, they let him go; but Jehoiakim, the 
king, in defiance of Jeremiah's oft-repeated warnings, burned 
the roll on which his prophecies were written. 

But this was not the way to turn aside the threatened judg- 
ments. Jeremiah, at the command of God, wrote another 
roll; and soon his words were fulfilled. 

In the fourth year of Jehoiakim, Nebuchadnezzar came 
against Jerusalem and besieged it, and Jehoiakim was bound 
in chains to be taken to Babylon. Though the king was 
then released on promising to pay tribute, the temple was 
ransacked, and its treasures taken to Babylon, with many 
noble captives. And, three years afterwards, Jehoiakim, 
rebelling against Nebuchadnezzar, was conquered and slain. 

The false prophets of Jerusalem had said that Jeremiah 
was not speaking the word of the Lord, and that Nebuchad- 
nezzar should not take the city. And now, when some had 
gone into captivity, they maintained that they would not 
remain in Babylon above two or three years, and that Jere- 
miah prophesied falsely when he said seventy. 

When the Babylonians were again around the walls of Jeru- 
salem, Jeremiah repeated his former prophecies, saying that 
the enemy would not withdraw, but would destroy the eity. 
And so persecuted was he on account of this, that, weary 
of the continual and unavailing strife with these deceivers of 
the people, he longed for the comparative quiet of his native 
city, Anathoth, and attempted to iiee thither. But he was 
caught by his enemies, who, to rouse the people against him, 
charged him with trying to desert to the Babylonians. 

That he had any such intention Jeremiah denied; but he 
was dragged before the princes, who beat him severely, and 
rigorou.-ly confined him ''in the house of Jonathan the 
ECribe," which had beeu turned into a prison. 

Zedekiah, the king, wishing to know if the prophet had 
any wcrd from the Lord, but too afraid of the princes to act 
openly, sent for him secretly. And a word there was — that 
the king should be delivered into the hands of the kirn.' of 
Babylon, who was at the city gates. 

If the prophet delivered this message he might have to pay 
for it with his life; or, worse still, be sent back to pine away 
in the dreade 1 prison. But he told the king faithfully what 
was about to come upon him, and then begged that, as he 
only acted as the servant of God, he might not be sent back 
to his former prison-house. 

The kiriL' then mitigated Irs punishment, ordering him to 
be committed only to the court of the prison, and daily to be 
supplied with a piece of bread as' long as there was any in 
the city. 

But in the court of the prison Jeremiah could speak 
within bearing of the people; and again he cried, "Thus saith 
irl. This city thall surely be given into the hands of the 
king f.f Babylon's army." 

The princes, more enraged than ever, begged Zedekiah to 

lot them put the prophet to death; and the weak-minded k i n ir 

Dot daring to act contrary to their wishes, left him in their 

hands. And a most terrible death was that to which they 

1 putting him. 

In many of the prisons of the Jews there was a place some- 
ailed the inner prison, and sometimes spoken of as the 
dungeon. But it was Dot what we should understand by a 




dungeon — merely a small dark room underground — but a deep 
hole in the floor of the prison, called by the prophet Zechariah 
a pit, and filled, not with water, but filthy mud, in which 
were, no doubt, creeping things. Into this horrible hole 
those prisoners were put whom the authorities wished to have 
most rigorously treated, and there they were left, up to the 
chin in the mire, to die the slow death of starvation. 

As the princes were very angry indeed at Jeremiah, they 
designed for him this fearful death; and having fastened cords 
to his body, they let him down into the duugeon, and left 
him without food. 

But God, who did not forget his 'faithful servant, found a 
means of delivering him. In the palace of Zedekiah there 
lived a man called Ebed-rneleeh, an Ethiopian, who feared 
God. So shocked was he on hearing of the terrible and 
unjust punishment inflicted on Jeremiah, that he went to the 
king aud told him what had happened in so mournful a strain 
that Zedekiah was moved to pity, and he commanded Ebed- 
melech to get Jeremiah out of the pit. 

Hut it was much easier to put a man in that loathsome 
dungeon than to get him out again; and the bitter enemies 
of the prophet might offer some resistance. Zedekiah, there- 
fore, told his servant to take thirty men with him; and cords 
were lowered into the pit, with loops at the end for Jeremiah 
to pass his arms through. And in this way he was drawn up. 
He was not, however, set free, but put again into the court of 
the prison. 

While here, the king sent for him a second time, and 
asked him if he had any word from the Lord. 

"If I declare it into thee, wilt thou not surely put me to 
death?'' said the prophet, who had only the same message to 
deliver for daring to utter which he had already suffered so much. 

But Zedekiah promised secretly that his life, should be 
spared; and Jeremiah told him that if lie would surrender to 
the king of Babylon he would save much suffering, but if he 
refused to yield, the eity would be burned with fire. But the 
king would not act upon the counsel of the prophet, whose 
terrible warnings were all soon fiulflllcd. Jerusalem fell; 
Zedekiah was taken; his children were slain before him; his 
eyes were put out, and he was sent to Babylon. The city and 
the Temple were burned to the ground, and most of the 
people taken into captivity. 

Though Jeremiah deeply lamented the fall of the city and 
the captivity of his people, he himself met with better treat- 
ment from the conquerers than he had. done from his 
countrymen. 

"Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; but 
do unto him even as he phall .'ay unto thee," was the order 
given by Nebuchadnezzar to the captain of the guard. So 
when all the weeping captives wore assembled at, Ramah, 
watting to be carried away from their beloved land, the 
captain of the guard (-truck off the prophet's chains, and gave 
him the choice of going with the captives to Babylon, or of 
remaining with the few who were left behind to till the land. 

Jeremiah, clinging still to his country in all its desolation, 
chose to remain; and the captain gave him food and money, 
and advised him to go to Oodaliah, who was appointed gov- 
ernor of .ludea. 

So the prophet went to live at Mizpah. But soon the 
rebellious people rose up and slew Gedaliah; and then, fearing 
the anger of the king of Babylon, proposed fleeing to Egypt. 

Against this Jeremiah strongly warned them, telling them 
to remain and submit to the king of Babylon until the time 
of deliverar.ee came. 





JUYBlsTILl] I1TSTRTJCTOE. 




But there were still some who called Jeremiah a false 
prophet; and persuading the rest not to believe him, away 
they all went to Egypt, forcing Jeremiah, and Baiuch, his 
friend and amanuensis, to go with them. 

In Egypt thinking that they were safe and might do as 
they pleased, they began to worship the gods of the Egyptians. 

Jeremiah, faithful as when in Jerusalem, told them that 
Nebuchadnezzar, from whom they had fled, would smite also 
the country in which they had taken refuge, and that before 
him they should all fall but a few, who should be spared to 
see a further fulfillment ot his words. 

What became of Jeremiah after this is not known. There 
is a Christian tradition which says that he was stoned to 
death by the Jews at Tahpanhes for his bold reproof of their 
sins; whilst among the Jews it has been reported that when 
Egypt was conquered by Nebuchadnezzar, the prophet went 
to Babylon or Judea, and there died in peace. 

RED CO RA Xj 

BY BETH. 





J ANY of us have seen ied coral. It is used for ornamental 
purposes— necklaces, earrings, brooches, bracelets and 
other articles of per- 
sonal adornment. In 
very early times it was 
used to embellish 
swords. The Gauls 
were passionately fond 
of it for display. Then, 
as now, the dark ladies 
of Nubia made their 
ebony necks resplen 
dent with gold and 
coral, and the fair 
damsels of Circassia 
.contrasted their satin- 
white cheeks with 
jewels made of the 
ruby-like coral. 

What is coral? For 
the long period of two 

thousand years this question was unanswered. Everybody 
thought it was a vegetable production — a sort of sea shrub. 
To account for its stony hardness the vulgar said that it 
became petrified on taking it out of the water, its natural 
home. It was even designated a submarine shrub by some 
naturalists, and to confirm this opinion one savant reported 
that he had placed one of the coral shrubs in an aquarium 
and seen it burst into flower. This, it was supposed, would 
settle the question; but it did not. 

Dr. Peyssonel, a French physician, solved the problem, 
lie discovered that the so-called flowers, such as we see on 
the tree-like coral in the picture, were so many little animals 
or polypi, analogous to those of the madrepores, and were 
the buil ders of the stony shrub. 

The red coral, or "cor illium rubrum," is a branched polypus 
trunk, which lives at great depths in the sea. It is like a 
bush in miniature, and has a hard, bark-like covering, which 
is of a rose-red color. Tbe surface is filled with little holes 
in which the builders of the coral live. They display them- 
selves by expanding into eight-rayed polypi, which look like 
the petals of a beaut iful flower. Fach ray is margined with 
delicate cilia, resembling the finost fringe. 



Whether on the sea or on the land the red coral is a thing 
of beauty. In the sea depths it is covered with a thousand 
rays, harmonizing in their colors with their surroundings. 
On the land the fairest and most beautiful of women in 
almost every country take advantage of the elegant color and 
brilliancy of the coral to give tone to their complexions and 
adorn their persons. 



iographg. 



JOS3PH SMITH 
UP IR, O IP H IE T . 



THE 



(Continued.) 



rpHE next day, after Joseph and Brother Elias Higbee 
1 reached Washington, they wenr to the White House, the 
residence of the President of the United States. Martin 
Van Buren was the President. They then presented their 
letters of introduction to him. As soon as he had read one of 
them, he looked upon Joseph and Brother Higbee with a 
kind of half frown, and said, "What can I do? Your cause 
is just: but I can do nothing for you! If I do anything, I 
shall come in contact with the whole State of Missouri." 
His remarks did not prevent Joseph and Brother Higbee from 
telling that they demanded a hearing and constitutional rights. 
He promised to reconsider what he had said, and observed 
that he felt to sympathize with the Saints because of their 
sufferings. During the interview the President asked Joseph 
wherein the religion of the Saints differed from the other 
religions of the day. Joseph explained the difference, and 
bore a faithful testimony that it was the work of God. 

Van Buren did not made a favorable impression upon 
Joseph. Joseph, himself, was a man who did right at all 
hazards. Whatever the consequences might be he would not 
swerve from the path of truth and justice. His life had been 
a continual battle, and though the odds, looking at matters as 
the world view them and not thinking about the Lord, had 
been heavy against him, he had not flinched nor quailed. Van 
Buren had judged the cause of the Saints before he knew it. 
Thiugh he was the head of a great nation, he could do nothing 
when hundreds and thousands of citizens had been robbed, 
expelled from their homes and abused and trampled upon, and 
many of them even killed by the mobs! If he did anything, 
he was afraid he would "come in contact with the whole State 
of Missouri." Such weakness and cowardice Joseph could 
only pity and despise. He stood at such a hight above the 
small-souled weakling that he could look down upon him and 
comprehend at a glance his utter feebleness. 

After their interview with President Van Buren they visited 
the members of Congress from Illinois, and delivered the let- 
ters of introduction which they had for them. Thus their 
time was occupied in making acquaintances, and endeavoring 
to bring such an influence to bear upon Congress that the 
members would be prompted to take action in the case. The 
members from Illinois wore generally disposed to favor Joseph 
and the cause. The Latter-day Saints had moved to Illinois. 
They were numerous, and the men and party in whose favor 
their votes would be cast at an election would win. The mem- 
bers of Congress knew this, and as politicians it was to their 
interest to do what they cou'd for the Saints. The memlicrs 





lOO 



"UVEITIIjE instructor. 




met together, and decided, after discussing the subject, that a 
memorial and petition lie drawn up in a concise manner, and 
that Judge Young, who was Senator from Illinois, should pre- 
sent the same to the Senate. It was expected that the matter 
would be refei red to the proper committee, with all the accom- 
panying doeuui us. and they would be printed. 

All of Joseph s exertions, as well as the testimonies, affi- 
davits an 1 ii h r documents which they laid before Congress, 
failed to b ive effect Neither the President, nor the Sen- 

ate and ILiu I! : present a tiyes would do anything to call 

the State of Mi so iri o ace mnt for the inhuman wrongs which 
her people Ii 1. 1 iirfl cted upon unoffending, free-born American 
citizens. Th t 'h ircli had appealed to Governors and Judges 
and ruler-, an i - ttw, I trough its President, it appealed to the 
Chief Exec i th nation and the Congress, in which 

every State i the R public was represented — the highest 
authority in ind. There wis no redress to be obtained 

from theiu; n i h at> further could be done, therefore, but to 
leave them in the hands of the Lord, win, in His own due 
time, would plea I .the cause of His people. 

It is inti'iv- 11 g to read Joseph's views respecting the men 
he was thrown n ■ antact with at Washington. "For a general 
thing," he Bui 'lure is but little solidity and honorable 

deportment : those who are sent to represent the people; 

but a great de. i of pomposity and show." "There is such an 
itching disp isi ton to display their oratory on the most trivial 
occasions, and so much etiquette, bowing and scraping, twist- 
ing and turning to make a display of their witticisms, that it 
seems to us rather a display o) folly and show, more than sub- 
stance and gravity, such as becomes a great nation like ours. 
However there are some exceptions." 

From Washington Joseph proceeded by railroad to Philadel- 
phia, where It • arrived on December 21st, 1830. He left 
Brothers Rockwell and Higbee, to follow in the carriage, and 
Sidney Rig Ion stayed there sick, with Doctor Foster to atteud 
to him. He spent everal days at Philadelphia, pieachtng 
ami visiting from house to house among the brethren and 
others. He also visited the Saints in New Jersey and Chester 
County, Pennsylvania. 

About the last of January he left Philadelphia again to 
visit Washington. He was accompanied bv Brothers 0. P. 
Rockwell, Higbee and Doctor Foster. Sidney Rigdon had 
joined Joseph at Philadelphia; but was still sick, and bad to 
be left there. During Joseph's stay at Washington, he had 
another interview with Martin Tan Buren, the President, 
who treated him very insolently. He listened with great 
reluctance to what he ha 1 to say, and in reply, uttered that 
sentiment, which has obtained such a deservedly wide-spread 
notoriety among the Latter day Saints: " Gmtlmen, your 
cause is just, but I cm do nothing for you; and if I take iq) 
for you, I shall lose the vote of Missouri." 

R pecting this interview, Joseph remarks: "His whole 
emrse went to show that he was an office-seeker, that self- 
aggrandizement was his ruling passion, and that, justice and 
righteousness were no part of his composition. 1 found him 
such a man as T could not conscientiously support at the head 
of our crc-it Republic." 

Joseph also had at) interview with John C. ( 'alhouu. Senator 
from South Carolina; but his treatment of Joseph was such 
as verv ill became his station. 

( To l,f Continued.) 



* 



CHARACTER is the diamond which scratches every other 
stone. 



COLOH-BLINDITESS. 



BY G. M. 0. 



IT is a well understood fact that individuals possess in very 
different degrees the power of distinguishing colors; not 
only minute shades of color, but also those most directly 
opposed to each other. This defect of the visual organs is 
sometimes called "Daltonism," on account of the chemist 
Dalton having been color-blind. 

Sir David Brewster, Dr. George Wilson, of Edinburgh, ar.d 
others, have made color-blindness a study, and found that it is 
far more prevalent than is generally supposed. I cannot give 
an opinion as to how far this defect may be remedied, but it 
is not altogether improbable that, it may be overcome in a 
great measure. In fact, I believe this want of capability in 
some persons to receive the same impressions of color that 
others feel is not wholly incurable. 

The human eye, as everybody knows, is placed in a hollow 
cavity. This cavity is not simply a round bole; but a space 
beautifully adapted to its requirements in its conformation. 
Its outer rim of bone projects in most parts in such a way as 
to guard from injury the wonderful piece of mechanism it 
contains. Its lining is adapted to the structure of the organ, 
and to its apparatus of motion. The eyeball itself may be 
almost likened to an egg, though in shape it is not ovoid, but 
nearly globular. Like the egg, it is enclosed in a covering; 
not, however, like that of the egg, hard and brittle, but firm, 
flexible, compressible, and made to adapt itself to the irregular 
surface against which it has to rotate. This covering, or shell, 
as we might term it, evenlike that of the egg, is composed of 
two coatings. One is known as the cornea, or white of the 
eye, the other the sclerotic, which iD reality forms a part of 
the same coating, for the transparent aqueous humor within 
it, which may be likened to the albumen, or white, of the egg. 
A circular space in front is covered outwardly by the iris, a 
flexible surface of a moderate size. This varies in different 
persons. ' In the middle of this is a Utile round window, or 
bole, which appears black because it is dark within. At the 
back of this is situated the crystalline lens, through which 
every outward object, every thing we look at, is imaged. The 
surface of the space at the back of the interior of the eye-ball 
is called the retina. It is a velvet-like surface, adapted in a 
most wonderful way to the reception of the images just spoken 
of, when thrown upon it. The rays of light which enter 
through the little window, or round opening, cross each other 
in their passage through the crystalline lens, or little spyglass, 
as we may call it, and thus give reversed images on the retina 
of the objects beheld. The retina is not equal in its surface 
throughout, but is suited to receive the different images. 
Approaching the inner corner of the eye, it becomes paler as 
it blends with the optic nerve in a cream like substance before 
the nerve itself takes the form of a bundle of threads or 
cords, bound up in a sheath, through which the impressions 
are conducted to the brain. The crystalline* lens, in a most 
complete manner, impresses all the delicate perspective out- 
lines of the object or objects so thrown upon the retina, and 
the picture is thus complete. In such state impressions are 
conveyed by the optic nerve to the brain. But the form and 
color will be more or less true, in proportion to the critical pow- 
ers of the eye, or those of the media to the brain, or, perhaps, 
even the healthy power of the brain itself. 

Thus, it happens that there is much difference in regard to 
color and its appreciation in different persons; so much so that 



J> 



Go^. 





JUVZHTILE I^STH-TJCTOI?/ 




some are even affected with color-blindness, or an inability to 
distinguish between different hues. 

Possibly the impressions, feelings and ideas are dependent 
on the temperament of individuals; and thus it would follow 
that the black man would see colors differently from the white 
man; a fair person, say with blue eyes, would be impressed 
with different ideas regarding color from one of a colder and 
darker complexion. Again, we have been induced by habit, 
general impression and vulgar instruction to believe that trees 
are green; but further cultivation or higher instruction will 
prove to us that we do not always see them green, re7er 
wholly green; the atmospherais ever intervening and imposing 
its own color or quality upon different portions of landscape, 
according to distances, as well as the effects on parts turned 
to or from the light. That portion of the sky near the horizon 
will be warmer in color than that above it. Mountains appear 
to be blue, and blue is therefore what we see. But they do 
not always appear so. Their color is dependent on various 
circumstances — their own local color, their construction, posi- 
tion as regards light, the warmth or coldness of that light, 
and the greater or less amount of atmosphere lying near the 
earth, thereby altering their hue. 

We know that much has been done by able instruction in 
music. Voices which have been apparently unequal to the 
production of certain sounds have been tutored by degrees 
into, at firnt. a very slight appreciation of differences in intona- 
tion, and so on by degrees into an almost mastery. Knowing 
that by cultivation the organ of hearing may be rendered 
more capable of distinguishing sounds, and, judging from 
analogy, we may suppose that the organ of sight also, by 
proper training, may be equally improved in its power of dis- 
criminating between colors. 

Taste, also, like the senses of sight and hearing, is but an 

act of the brain in some part of its structure, and there is so 

- much sympathy in all the senses that the induced strength in 

one gives power to others, and it is simply practice and good 

tutorship which bring about power to all. 

Many anecdotes are related of Dr. Dalton (who has given 
the defect a name). It is said that when installed as Doctor 
of Civil Law. at Oxford, he thought the red gown which he 
wore was a blue one. Some of his friends, to test his peculiar 
vision, substituted red stockings for those he usually wore, 
when the doctor put them on without remarking anything 
particular in their appearance, only that they looked "rather 
dirty." 

Many amusing trials are on record regarding the phenomena 
of color-blindness. Dr. Wilson instances a young engineer 
who could not distinguish a red from a green light, yet could 
tell a blue from a red light at any practical distance. 

Among the primary colors, yellow and blue are least liable 
to be mistaken, while red is the most difficult color to be dis- 
tinguished, some persons not seeing it as a color at all, but 
merely as a neutral gray, and others mistake it for green. 

We knew personally a gentleman nf this city who conld not 
distinguish any color. All nature appeared to him in varied 
tones of neutral gray. 

It is even said that painters, who, of all others, an; supposed 
to have the best tutored vision in regard to color, become 
more orless faulty, or defective, with age. Professor Liebrcich, 
of London, has delivered a lecture on ''faulty vision in paint- 
er.-,,'' and sustains, or attempts to sustain, his theory by 
explaining the defects in the later works of Turner, the 
painter. The professor states that the painter's eyes, after 
the age of fifty-five, became defective. The crystalline lenses 



became dim, dispersing the light more strongly, and hence 
throwing a bluish mist over illuminated objects. In the last 
years of his life this dimness increased to opacity, which pre- 
vented him from ever seeing color correctly. Mulready, the 
English painter, when old, gave his pictures too much of a 
purple tone, through defective or decayed vision. Some 
difficulty in naming colors may arise, not from any imperfec- 
tion in the visual organs, but from not having a clear and 
distinct understanding. Thus, we often allow ourselves to 
designate as yellow those colors which are mixtures of yellow 
and red (orange), or yellow and blue (green) in different pro- 
portions. The pigments called red are by no means pure; in 
fact, a painter's color box may not contain one true red. 
Carmine, the nearest approach to red, not being permanent, 
is seldom used. Then there are blues, like Prussian blue, of 
a greenish hue, while others, like smalt, are purple. The eye 
may be remarkably acute in the perception of variations in 
form and outline, light and shade, and yet so deficient in the 
powt r of appreciating the different colors as to render its 
possessor utter'y incapable of applying them with any degree 
of accuracy. With this view, thtn, it is important to all that 
they a; cjrtain the amount of power they possess in these respects, 
and should they discover any defect, endeavor to remedy 
it, if possible, by cultivation, or the science of the oculist. 



PBGULIABITIES OF 
A. MULE. 



ONE of the dead certainties about a mule is that he is 
sure-footed, especially with his hind feet. He never 
misplaces them. If he advertises that his feet will be at a 
certain spot at a certain time, with a sample of mule shoes to 
which he would call your attention, you will always find him 
there at the appointed time. He is as reliable as the day of 
judgment, and never cancels an engagment. Every man 
living who drove "a mule team during the war now draws a 
pension. I never owned a mule. I came near buying one 
once. He was a fine looking animal. His ears stood up like 
the side spires on an Episcopal church. II is tail was trimmed 
down so it looked like a tar brush leaning up against h in. 
He was striped off like the American flag, and Raphael's 
cherubs never looked more angelic than did that mule. He 
looked all innocence, though he was so in no sense. The 
owner sat in the wagon with his chin resting on his hand, 
anil his elbow restirg on his knee. In his other hand he held 
a stick with a brad in the end of it. 1 examined the mule 
and asked the man a few questions, and nut nf mere form 
inquired if the mule was kind, or if he kicked. ''Kind? 
Kind?" said the man, and those were the last words he ever 
uttered. He reached his stick over the front of the wagon 
and stuck the brad into the mule. It was awful to see a man 
snuffed out so quickly as he was. It almost took away my 
breath, he went 50 Suddenly. 1 never saw the thread of Hie 
snap sn abruptly as on that occasion, lie didn.t have time 

to leave a message for his family. That mule simply ducked 
bis head, and then a pair of heels flew out behind; there wa s 
a crash, a flying of splinters, and that, was all; and the next 
moment that mule and I stood alone, my face covered with 
astonishment two feet deep, and his covered with an old 
bridle. The next day I read an account in the telegraphic 
news of a shower of meat in Kentucky. I was the only man 
who could explain that phenomenon, and I did not dare to, 
lest [ should he implicated in the affair with the other mule. 

Selected, 



5 




'A 




102 



JTJYE1TILE IE"STRUCTOB 



tffhhq mnvcmlq |tnsirudoti. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



8ALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 187S. 
JB3DITOI?,1LA.Ij THOUGHTS. 




ILLIAM the Conqueror was a mighty 
king. He was duke of Normandy before 
he became king; but he conquered Eng- 
land and thus he was called King of 
England. He is described as a man of 
wondeiful strength, so strong that no one 
but himself could bend his bow, and so 
tall that he was among his people like 
Saul among the Israelites. He reigned 
as Duke of Normandy fifty two years, and out 
of that time he had reigned twenty-one years 
as King of England. There are many things 
recorded of him that show great wisdom and a 
strong sense of justice: but there are others 
. which give him the character of a cruel tyrant. 
'Vj^K His death was produced by an accident which hap- 
* V<8V pencd to him at the storming of the city of Mantes. 
"*^i He had given the city to the flame-. While he 
was riding down the steep street, urging his soldiers in the 
work of destruction, his horse stumbled among the embers, 
and he was flung heavily against the pummel of the saddle. 
This wa- the cause of his death. He died near Kouen, in 

France. 

But we do not, write this concerning him to dwell upon the 
incidents of his life. Our object is to show bow his remains 
were treated after his death. A king so mighty as he, it 
misht be thought, w.-Mild be treated after death with great 
respect. He left three sons, but only one was with hini 
when he died. But no sooner had the breath left his 
body than this son wer.t off on some business. The great 
officers of the court also left. They went to cuiry favor with 
his two eldest sons — some to one and some to the other. 
The inferior servants only were left. They and their con- 
federates robbed the house where the dead king lay. They 
took all the money, plate, wearing apparel, hangings and 
precious furniture. If they had stopped there it would not 
have been so bad. But they did not. They stripped the 
body of the Conqueror, and left it naked upon the floor. It 
was left there wholly neglected by every one till a poor knight 
was moved with pity towards it. He undertook, at his own 
i. to carry it off for burial. While on the way it was met 
by prince Henry, the Conqueror's son. and a procession of 
monks. While they were attending to the burial services an 
alarm ol fire was raised in the town. The monks and every 
one else scampered off as fast as they could, and left the body 
with only Prince Henry and the poor knight. After the fire 
had been put out the monks came back and resumed the 
service. 

The spot selected for the grave was in the church — a church 
that William the Conqueror had built. The stone coffin in 
which the body was to be laid rested in the grave. As soon 
as the services were ended they prepared to put the body 
in the coffin. But at that moment a Norman gentleman by 
name of Anselm Fitz-Arthur, stood forth and forbade the 





burial. "This spot," said he, "was the site of my father's 
house, which this dead duke took violently from him, and 
here, upon part of mine inheritance, founded this church. 
This ground I therefore challenge, and I charge ye, all, as ye 
shall answer it at the great and dreadful day of judgment, 
that ye lay not the bones of the despoiler on the hearth of 
my fathers." 

This was a bold step for Fitz-Arthur; but it had its effect. 
They stopped the burial. The Conqueror, who had robbed 
his father, was powerless to enforce his right to the spot. 
Fitz- Arthur's claims were examined. Prince Henry recog- 
nized them. He offered him sixty shillings (a shilling was 
worth far more then than now) as the price of the grave, and 
to let the burial proceed. Fitz-Arthur consented upon one 
condition, that Prince Henry should pledge himself to pay j 
the full value of the rest of the land. Upon each side of th-s 
grave, upon the verge of which the unburied remains of the 
Conqueror rested, these two stood and made the bargain. In 
the presence of the priests and the throng the agreement was 
made that Fitz-Arthur was to be paid one hundred pounds 
of silver for the land. Prince Henry paid him sixty shillings 
as earnest money, or, as we should say, to bind the bargain, 
and this had to be done before the seven feet of earth required 
as the last abode of the Conqueror of England could be 
obtained. Thirty-five years previous to that he had taken 
this land by violence; but, Conqueror and mighty king though 
he was, he had lallen before a power mightier than he. 
Death had laid him prostrate and helpless. He died in the 
fullness of his power; but who ever heard of so singular a 
chapter of accidents befalling the corpse of so mighty a 
sovereign? 

But though the burial place had been obtained, the body 
was not permitted to rest there undisturbed. He was buried 
in 1087. In loG2, during the Huguenot wars in France, a 
party of soldiers broke open the tomb in hope of finding a 
treasure. Not finding any, they threw the bones of the 
Conqueror about the church in great derision. Eighty years 
afterwards the monks collected the bones together and built a 
tomb over ihem. How many of these bones, if any, were 
missing, historians do not state; but it is not probable that, 
after lieing scattered as they were, all were found and en- 
tombed again. 



-fo- 



llow To Beoard Life. — Consider life just as though it was — 
as it is — an earnest, vital, essential affair. Look upon it just as 
though you personally were born to the task of performing a 
merry part in it — as though the world had waited for your 
coming. Take it as if it was a great opportunity to do and 
achieve, to carry forward great and good schemes; to help and 
cheer a suffering, weary, it may be heart-broken brother. The 
fact is, life is undervalued by a great majority of mankind. 
It is not made half as much of as should be the case. AVhere 
is tlii- man or woman who accomplishes one tithe of what 
might be done. Who cannot look upon opportunities lost, 
plans unachieved, thoughts crushed, aspriations unfulfilled, 
and all caused from the lack of the necessary and possible 
effort' 1 1' we knew better how to take and make the most of 
life, it would be far greater than it is. Now and then a man 
stands a-ide from the crowd, labors earnestly, steadfastly, 
confidently, and straightway becomes famous for greatness of 
some sort. The world wonders, admires, idolizes; yet it only 
illustrates what each may do if he takes hold of life with a 
purpose. If a man but say he will, and follow it up, he may 
expect to accomplish anything reasonable. 





JTJYB1TILE IITSTBTJOTOB, 



103 




FBOGS. 



THIS is the season of the year when our young readers who 
have any desire to become naturalists may very properly 
begin to make observations. They may now learn many 
valuable lessons from nature by noticing the development of 
insect and animal life. And there is a charm about this sort 
of study which lessons from books seldom afford. To the 
student of nature every living creature becomes interesting. 
The study of the common frog, with which we are all so well 
acquainted, and which we are apt to consider so uninteresting, 
can really be made fascinating. 

If the thoughtless boys who pelt the frogs in the summer 
time really knew the history of these harmless animals, they 
would consider them objects of interest. How many of them 
are aware that the frog originally comes from an egg? Why, 
they have seen frog's eggs scores of times, probably, without 
knowing it. How many of them know that the tadpoles, or 
pollywogs, as we sometimes call them, are frogs undeveloped? 
Perhaps not many. Yet they can prove this themselves. 
They can, by observing 
closely, see these animals in 
the various stages of their 
development. 

The pictures here shown 
represent the various trans- 
formations through which 
the animal passes before it 
becomes a fully developed 
frog. 

The first is the egg. No. 2 
is the same increased in size. 
Numbers 3, 4 and 5 are stages 
of growth a little in advance 
of each other. No. 6 shows 
the appearance of the hind 
legs; No. 7 the fore legs, and 
No. 8 the tail during the time 
it is undergoing absorption. 
Finally, in No. f J is seen the 
complete frog. 

Frogs begin their exis- 
tence in the water, where 
they are gradually develop- 
ed from eggs which are clustered together in a kind of jelly- 
like substance. At the end of some twenty-one davs the 
extremity opens a little and there is some indication of a 
forthcoming tail. Eighteen days after this there is some 
motion of the young tadpole observable. In six weeks the 
hind legs are protruded, ;:nd by degrees made perfect. A 
couple of weeks, and the fore legs are developed. At this 
time the tiny animals are deriving nutriment and increasing in 
size by feeding on minute forms of life which abound in water. 
It lias been discovered by naturalists that the development 
of the tadpole into a frog is dependent on the presence of 
light. Without having access to light the animal might 
•ncrease in size and perhaps become a huge tadpole, but never 
become a perfect frog. In this respect the tadpole, or larval 
form of the frog, somewhat resembles the sirednn, or "fish 
on legs" which may remain in that condition under certain 
circumstances, or may, when favorably situated, develop into 
a species of salamander, the amblystoma, as explained in 
these columns some time ago. A living specimen of amblys- 
toma may be seen at the Deseret Museum, in this city, which 




has survived the winter, and is now in fine condition, plump 
and vigorous. This creature began life in the water, as any 
pollywog would do, and gradually developed into a land anL 
mal. From a notice published in the Junction, we learn, also, 
that one of these curious animals was recently found in Ogden, 
where it attracted some attention and aroused some curiosity 
by its rather hybrid appearance. It would seem from these 
facts that these creatures can be perpetuated from year to 
year by a kind of hybernation. 

Our young naturalists might find it interesting to study the 
habits of the "horned frogs" of our country, which at this 
season of the year are beginning to make themselves visible on 
the high lands. Comparatively little is known of these singu- 
lar creatures. Clad in complete armor and surrounded by 
spines, they are not inviting in appearance, and are seldom 
devoured by other animals. But these creatures, repulsive as 
they are in appearance, have a history worth knowing; and 
when it is written it will be equally interesting with that of the 
pollywogs and other batracians. 
The study of these lower forms of life is well worthy the 

attention of every lover of 
nature; and were all our 
young men and women to 
pay attention to such crea- 
tures, study their habits, 
notice their peculiarities and 
note them down for future 
reference, what a large a- 
mount of information would 
be obtained. What a far 
more exalted conception we 
get of the doings of the Cre- 
ator by getting a higher 
knowledge of the methods 
by which these creations 
exist! The difference be- 
tween the acorn and the 
oak, and the egg from which 
the tadpole comes and the 
perfect frog, although im- 
measurably great, may be 
shown to be made up of won- 
derfully slight differences, 
connected together, link ad- 
ded to link, as a chain of events, in a manmr which, although 
simple in the extreme, is worthy of our highest admiration. 

What a trifling circumstance for a naturalist to note, that 
tadpoles cannot develop into perfect frogs without light. 
Neither can we develop without light. What harmony is 
here shown with the "revelation on light," and the language 
of John, speaking of Jesus under the similitude of the word: 
"lie is the light and life of the world!" 




-♦*- 



VicroUS HAB1T3. — They are so great a stain on hum: n 

nature, and e lious in themselves, that every person actuated 

by proper feelings would avoid them, though be were sure 
they would be always concealed both from God and man, and 
that no future punishment awaited those who indulged in 
them. 



As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every moment of 
time. 



P 





104r 



JTJYE1TIL.E HTSTRTJOTOB 



4jha$kr jjotj lite ifittle 4§mfj, 

HOW A LITTLE BOY SPENDS 
HIS MONEY. 



One of the duties of the Lat-ter-day 
Saints is to build tem-ples. The Lord 
has coni-man-ded thern to do so. Tem- 
ples are ho-ly build-ings, in which the 
Saints can re-eeive man-y great bless-ings. 
In them, al-so, the Lord will make known 
His will to His faith-ful ser-vants. The 
peo-ple are not taxed to build tem-ples. 
They are built by free gifts. Ev-er-y true 
Saint is anx-ious to as-sist in this good 
work. Man-y of the chil-dren al-so have 
the same spirit. They feel like help-ing. 
But how can a child help, who is not big 
e-nough to earn mon-ey? I will tell you 
how a lit-tle boy that I know does. 

Some-times his fath-er or some rel-a-tive 
gives him five or ten cents to buy can-dy 
with. He is ver-y fond of can-dy, but he 
does not spend it for that. He gives it 
to his moth-er to keep for him. At the 
Sun-day school there is a small box with 
a hole in the lid. This is to re-ceivc 
do-na-tions for the tem-ple. When this 
lit-tle boy is read-y to go to Sun-day 
school, he asks his moth-er for his mon-ey. 
He takes it to school, and slips it in-to the 
box. He feels that he is help-ing to build 
the tem-ple, and he is hap-py. 

The teach-er gives him no cred-it mark 
for it. Per-haps he does not ev-en see 
liini put it in. /,'/// the Lord sees him] and 
he gets " cred-it mark in heav-en for it. 

Our Sav-ior once sat in the tem-ple at 
Jc-ru-sa-lem. He saw man-y rich per- 
sons cast mon-ey in-to the treas-ur-y. 
Some, per-haps, did it that peo-ple might 
think them lib-er-al. Fin-al-ly there 




came a poor wid-ow, who put in two 
mites — ver-y small pieces of mon-ey. 
They were all she had. The Sav-ior said 
he con-sid-ered her gift more than all that 
the rich had giv-en. They had plen-ty 
left. She had none. He gave her cred-it 
for her self-de-ni-al. 

So He will cred-it all those who de-nv 
them-selves a pres-ent lux-u-ry for a 
right-eous pur-pose. G. 




iMi^ir jdj^ht. 



MAY DAY, which among us scarcely receives a passing 
notice now, was, by our ancestors, a few generations ago, 
considered the great festive day of the year. Several different 
theories are given by ancient and modern writers regarding 
the origin of the May day festivals. Whatever may be the 
true one, there, is no doubt but it was of very ancient date. 
The day has been celebrated in most of the European coun- 
tries for many centuries, but in a varied manner. The usual 
method in Great Britain, anciently, was for the youth of both 
sexes to rise soon after midnight and proceed to a wood, blow- 
ing horns and playing upon musical instruments. There, 
green boughs were cut down, and long, straight May-poles 
secured. These were adorned with flowers. Returning 
before runrise, they decorated their doors and windows with 
the green branches and spent the day in feasting aud dancing 
around the May-poles, which they erected in the streets. 
Even the king and nobility used to join in these sports. 

The northern nations considered the first of May as the 
boundary day which divided winter and summer, and the 
youug folks celebrated it by a mock battle. Some of them 
represented winter, and others summer. The latter, by 
agreement, were always victorious. The triumph was celebra- 
ted by carrying green branches and flowers, singing, etc. The 
same custom existed in the Isle of Man until quite recently. 

The ancient Goths celebrated the day by a kind of morris 
dance with bells at their knees. They also danced around bon- 
fires and cast dice to see who should leap through the flames. 

In the Scottish Highlands the boys and girls used to dig a 
circular trench in the green ? od, leaving a space in the center 
large enough for a table. Around this they would seat them- 
selves, then build a fire in the center of it, aud cook a kind 
of custard and a coarse oatmeal cake. The custard they 
would eat and then cut the cake into as many pieces as there 
were persons present. One of these pieces was blackened, 
and the whole of them placed in a bonnet, from which each 
youth in turn drew a piece without seeing it. The one who 
chanced to get the blackened piece was sentenced to jump 
three times through the fire. This custom is thought to be a 
relic of an ancient Druid sacrifice, in which human beings 
were offered up to Baal. 

May day is only celebrated in London now as the festival of 
the milk-maids and chimney-sweeps. In some of the rural 
districts of England, however, the old-time custom of dancing 
around May poles, crowning a. May queen, wearing fancy or 
ludicrous costumes and spending the day in general hilarity is 
still kept up. 



i 





^~- 



\.J 



VENILE UsTSTRUCTOE 



105 




^|uri0st!ic^ in ||ttman^ jfooii 



w 



( Continued.) 

JE have noticed at some length the extravagance of the 
ancient Romans. Although there are instances of great 
prodigality in this respect among other ancient nations, it 
cannot be considered as characteristic of any of them. 

The Grecians as a rule were rather moderate in their diet, 
the Spartans particularly so. Indeed, they are distinguished, 
even to the present day, as the most self-denying people in 
this respect of whom we have any record. History fails to 
furnish us the list of ingredients that composed the repulsive 
black broth of the Spartans, which, with their bread, as hard 
as a stone, constituted their national diet. But of their 
abstemious habits there can be no doubt. 

Perhaps the nearest approach to their rigid system of 
dietetics that history records is to be found in the meagre 
accounts that are left us of the ancient clan system among the 
Picts and S n ots, or possibly among the Goths. The same 
object^that of developing the powers of endurance — seems 
to have obtained among them. Upon the very interesting 
cu-touis among them, however, we shall treat in a future 
chapter. 

Among curious articles of diet we find some that were 
anciently, and are at the present time, common to several 
different nations. Some of these we may allude to in general 
terms, instead of treating upon each nation separately. For 
instance, we referred in a former chapter to the custom of 
eating locusts, formerly in vogue in eastern countries. This 
custom was and is far ruor? common than many people 
imagine. 

In some parts of Arabia and Lybia these insects are looked 
upon as a great blessing, and form one of the chief article s 
of food, beiDg pickled, boiled or dried in the sun and pounded. 
They are also preserved by many of the Syrian tribes and 
made into bread. Livingstone speaks of them as a benefit 
conferred upon the people by a kind providence. All the 
Bushmen as well as the Hottentots consider them a great 
delicacy. In the markets of Bagdad they are sold regularly. 
The ancient Assyrians not only ate them raw and fried, but 
they skewered them on sticks or strings, as some people do 
apples, to dry, and so preserved them. Several of the Poly- 
nesian tribes also eat locusts. They are used extensively in 
Morocco at the present time, and are said to taste like 
prawns, or shrimps. Meal made from dried locusts is in 
some countries mixed with a. kind of mineral dust or clay in 
times of scarcity of food and thus eaten. 

The custom of eating earth is also common to several 
nations. The Laplanders make a kind of "mountain meal," 
composed of fossil infusoria, into cakes, which they eat in 
times of scarcity of cereals. The Chinese are said to indulge 
in the same custom occasionally. Several of the native tribes 
of Central America eat a kind of fat, ferruginous, clay even 
when other food is not scarce. 

Snail-eatinc is also quite common in several different 
countries. In Italy it has been in vogue for many centuries. 
In Pliny's time Barbary snails stood first in repute, those of 
Sicily ranking next; and it was the custom to fatten the 
creatures for the table by dieting them upon meal and new 
wine. In modern Home, fre>h gathered snails arc hawked 
by women from door to door, for the benefit of good house- 
wives, who boil them in their .-hells, Mew them, or fry them 




in oil. An Englishman strolling about Palermo came upon 
some people gathered around a number of baskets filled with 
what, at first sight, he took to be white pebbles. Upon 
nearer acquaintance the pebbles proved to be snails, waiting 
to be thrown into a large iron pot standing over a fire made 
between four stones, and boiled with herbs and tomatoes, for 
retailing to the expectant crowd. Dining afterward with a 
Sicilian gentleman, he was invited to partake of some snails 
treated in this way, and, for politeness sake, forced himself 
to swallow a couple of them, although he found it impossible 
to feign the delight with which his host and his daughter 
sucked the molluscs out of their shells. 

It seems that snails were an important article of diet also 
with the pre-historic races of Northern Europe, as has been 
proved by investigations into the "kitchen-middens," or heaps 
of fossil remains, to be found in different parts, especially 
throughout Scandinavia. But of these we will say something 
in our next chapter. 

( To he Continued J 



Sugar. — Sugar is of modern use only. The ancients were 
unacquainted with it as an article of commerce or of common 
use. What a revolution in our household affairs would it 
occasion to strike sugar from the list of dietary articles ! It 
is a necessity, not a luxury. Within the last four hundred 
years it has grown from being an article of curiosity or luxury 
to be one of the great staples of commerce. It enters every 
department of domestic economy, Humboldt says that in 
China it was known and used in indent times; but if known 
at all in western Asia or Europe till within the last few cen- 
turies, it was only as travelers brought, it as a remembrance of 
foreisn climes and distant travel. There is some foundation 
for the idea that it was not entirely unknown to the ancient 
Grepks. We find in the classics mention made of honey that 
bees did not make, and honey from reeds — the sugarcane 
being a reed. From their expressions, it is thought that 
sugar is meant, as all sweet articles were included in the term 
honey in early days. 

Pliny says there is a kind of hone/ from reeds which is 
like gum, and it is used as medicine. Some allusions in the 
Bible seem to refer to sugar and honey. In later times, it is 
said that the Crusaders found sweet honeyed canes growing in 
the meadows of Tripoli; that they sucked these canes, and 
were delighted with the operation; that these canes were culti- 
vated with great care, and when ripe were pounded in mor- 
tars, and the juice was strained and dried to a solid, like .-alt; 
that, mixed with bread, it was more pleasant than honey. In 
1420, the Portuguese brought the cane to Spain. Madeira, and 
the Canaries, and thjnceitwas carried to the West Indies and 
Brazil, f n these countries it found the conditions for its rapid 
development, and the world was soon furnished with their 
products; so that sugar assumed a place among the chief 
articles of commerce. 



Binvan's SARCASM. — In Chambers' "Book of Days," wo 
have this amusing anecdote: A Quaker called upon Bunyan 
in jail one day, with whit he professed to be a message from 
the Lord. "After searching for thoe," said be, "in half the 
jails of England, I am glad to have found thee at last." "If 
the Lord had sent thee," said Bunyan, earcastically, "you would 
not have needed to take so much trouble to find me out, for 
He knows that I have been in Bedford jail these seven vcars 
past. 



h 



Go,. 




106 



-XTT -VIE UNTIL IE IUSTBUCTOB 



2s/L X 1ST TJ T 1 2E1 . 




THE man who scorns little things is ignoring the very corner 
store of prosperity. "The mickle makes the in tickle," in 
practice as well as theory. One grain of sand may be valueless 
in itself, but many make the mountain. One drop of water 
might be sipped up by a bird, but countless numbers swell 
into an ocean, wherein leviathans may sport, and upon whose 
bosom can float the commerce of a world, with room for 
myriads more of ships. One seed may produce a plant so tiny 
as to escape the eye, but many will clothe the grandest prairie in 
green and cover the largest range of mountains vrith herbage. 
"One swallow does not make a summer," but thousands tell 
that the icy rule of winter is broken and that flowers will blossom 
in beauty and perfume, and the streams leap in gladness. 
One breath goes very little towards a life; it is the countless 
play of lungs. One touch of the Master-hand did not make a 
world, but the many moulded the universe. It is the littles of 
life that go to make up the great. The giant grows in stature 
only by repeated years. The day is the combination of almost 
unappreciable seconds. The penny saved may be the 
foundation of a fortune. It is the fine dust that makes the 
golden eagle. 

The dollar earned and treasured and judiciously invested 
will take unto itself other dollars, will accumulate even as the 
ball of snow, of which, when grown to huge proportions 
and too cumbersome to move, the schoolboy carves elfish 
shapes and grim monsters, castles and forts. The coral 
insect is very minute, and works by littles. So slowly rises 
its structure that the eye would fail to mark the increase, 
but at last, perhaps after hundreds or thousands of 
years from the hour of beginning, a reef breaks the bosom of 
the sea, weeds float to and cling upon it, otherwise worthless 
rubbish is gathered, birds come and bring seed, grass and 
trees spring up, and another island is registered on the chart 
to guide the sailor, and give shade to beast and fruit to man. 

A nail, a board are little things, but many combined give 
us houses, shelter us from the sun, from storm, from cold, 
and add very much to the comfort and luxury of earth. 
A brick is a little thing, but when gathered in numbers and 
placed by skillful hands lo! there stand the magnificent edifice 
as a monument of man's industry. And to that end, again, 
come the little particles of sand, the speck of mortar, the 
hair, so minute as to be disregarded by the little wren when 
building its nest, and the globule of moisture, so very little as 
to leave no trace and yet having within it many varieties of 
little lives, animalcules that in turn feed upon others and 
lesser ones. Little things are ever the embryo of larger. The 
child grows into the full statured man; the acorn into a giant 
oak; the egg into an ostrich or vulture, whose expanded wings 
momentarily, hide the sun. The single pulsation of a steam 
engine is but vapory breath, to be lost as the mists of the 
morning, but a fleeting, fleecy puff, and yet, when repeated, 
it draws a lengthy train across a continent and measures the 
widest ocean. The single stroke of a hammer makes no appar- 
ent impression upon iron and steel, but constant repetition forges 
the locomotive, the ponderous anchor that shall hold defiant 
the fiercest storm, and the wonderful mechanism of the 
printing press, that enables us to talk to remote friends as if 
seated by our own hearth stone, and gives to the future the 
burning thought, the richness of eloquence and the beauty of 
poesy. A single stroke upon the chisel leaves scarcely a mark 
upon marble or granite, but countless blows change the crude 
the ideal and massive blocks are piled one upon the other 



that would seem strong enough to laugh to scorn the fury of 
the elements and mock at decay. One little drop of rain is 
unnoticed; the many cause the flood, and the river, to-day 
dry. on the morrow is a torrent and a terror, sweeps away 
bridges, undermines foundations, and hurls down the passing 
train to destruction and the trusting passengers to doom. 
A match is a little thing, but at its touch a prairie is turned 
into waves of hissing, roaring flame, and a proud city 
prostrated in dust and ashes. The world is but a combination 
of little things! 




gravels tt^ ;|(ntlia» 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



{Continued.'} 

INDIGO is a very useful blue dye, which is extensively cul- 
tivated in Hindoostan, and has been from the earliest ages. 
It was first brought into Europe by the ancient Greeks and 
Romans. For a period during the middle ages, its utility as 
a dye stuff was entirely lost to Europeans; but it was again 
introduced by the Dutch during the sixteenth century. The 
indigo seed is planted in drills about twenty inches apart, 
and, from the extreme heat, very soon germinates and shows 
itself above the ground. It requires great care in its cultiva- 
tion to prevent the weeds from choking the tender plant. 
About two months after being planted it acquires its growth, 
being in full bloom, at which stage the producers have learned 
that it yields the most dye matter. 

Indigo, when growing, has quite a resemblance to our 
lucern. Like lucern, when cut down, it immediately grows 
again, and yields three or four crops during the year. When 
fresh cut, or before it has time to wilt, it is loosely spread 
over the bottom of a shallow vat and covered with water, 
having heavy wooden frames placed upon it to keep it sub- 
merged. After being subjected to this process for about 
twenty hours fermentation takes place, setting free a kind of 
gas, the water presenting a light green color. This is run off 
into another vat, the bottom of which is below the level of 
the first. The leached indigo stalks are taken out of the first 
vat, when it is replenished with a fresh supply, to be fer- 
menting. While this is going on a few natives are busy with 
poles or oars, beating, agitating, or, in other words, churning 
the liquid which is in the second vat. This causes the particles 
or grains to separate, and become granulated. This change 
is assisted by adding lime water from time to time. When 
this process has been completed the liquid in the vat is 
allowed to remain quiet, so that in a short time the blue granular 
particles settle to the bottom, leaving the floating liquid as 
clear as water, which is run off, when the sediment is run 
into a third vat, below the level of the second, where it remains 
until augmented by additional accumulations. Afterward it is 
thoroughly drained of all the clear liquid. Then the granu- 
lated matter is scooped up into large, coarse bags, and hung up 
to drain. When this blue paste is sufficiently drained, it is 
put into molds or wooden boxes, three inches square, and 
placed in sheds composed of tiers of shelving, where it scon 
dries and is fit for packing. 

We arrived at Balespore on Sunday, the 25th of September, 
and on the following Sunday a few of Mr. Skinner's friends 
from Delhi, came to visit at his brother's bungalow, to which 
place he was invited. Duiing his temporary absence, we h 





J" TJ "V EJ 1ST I LIE? IUSTBTJOTOB 



107 




& 



the bungalow entirely to ourselves; consequently, we spent the 
day in fasting and prayer, beseeching our Heavenly Father to 
continue to open the way before us, by raising up friends from 
time to time to provide for our wants, and to guide our actions 
for His glory, and for the best good of the people to whom 
we were sent. The spirit of our calling rested upon us, so 
that we felt blessed and encouraged. We did not meet with 
Sir. Skinner again until the next morning, when we perceived 
that his countenance was changed, and that he did not greet 
us with his usual cordiality. His tone was surly and dis- 
courteous. In conversation he began to rail against the prin- 
ciples which, before visiting with his Delhi friends, he had 
acquiesced in. He stated that he had had a dream, that Elder 
Willes was a wolf in cheep's clothiLg. If he viewed Elder 
Willes as such, Bro. Woolley and myself must have appeared 
to him in the same light. Bro. Willes replied to him kindly, 
that his friends from Delhi had been laboring with him, and had 
succeeded in poisoning his mind against us. A few other 
remarks were made, when the matter dropped. 

We had been taught through the revelations given to the 
Church, and by experience, to acknowledge the hand 
of the Lord in all things. The Lord had said that He 
would raise up to His servants temporary friends, who would 
feed, clothe and give them money. Oar host, notwithstand- 
ing his strange proceedings towards us, did all this for us. 
We felt to praise our Heavenly Father, and bless Thomas 
Skinner for his kindness to us. He, being a native, was more 
or less fickle and unstable; consequently we could look upon 
his eccentricities with considerable charity. We had re- 
mained at Balespore long enough to recuperate, and we con- 
cluded it was time for us to be traveliug. Mr Skinner, when 
we first became his guest, promised to assist us, which 
promise he kept. As we were about to leave, he gave Elder 
Woolley twenty-five rupees to assist us. He also promised 
Elder Willes one hundred rupees to help him on his way to 
Utah, which he paid. He also got us some sweetmeats to 
eat on our journey to Meerut, a large station forty miles 
distant from Balespore. In addition to all this, our host sent 
into the village and procured two bullock ekhas to take us and 
our effects to the station- where we intended to commence 
our labors. 

When we arrived at Secundrabad we tarried an hour at the 
house of one Mr. McLanders with whom we conversed in regard 
to the great work , of the latter days, and sold him a few of 
our books. We parted with Elder Willes, who was going to 
Calcutta by way of Hattras and Agra, with the first returning 
bullock wagons. 

Our ekhas, or vehicles, were only large enough to contain 
one person. Our few articles of luggage we were obliged to 
stow around us and hold a portion on our laps. The body 
of the vehicle where we sat had no more capacity than a 
large-sized rocking chair. It was composed of slender 
bamboos, and covered with a thin curtain, which barely 
cleared the head of the occupant when in a sitting position. 
It had two wheels with huhs large enough to admit ofthespokes 
going clear through the diameter of the wheel without inter- 
fering with the hole to receive the axie arms. To serve as a 
toncue, it had two bamboos extending from the body, forming 
an angle and meeting between the necks of the bullocks. 
There were held together by a few cross pieces of the same 
material. They were supported at the angle by a bar, which 
also served as a yoke. 

We wereensconsed in our curtained vehicles, in which no one 
could see who were the inmates, nor could we perceive objects 



on the outside except by raising the curtain. The driver sat 
in front, outside the curtain, driving the bullocks, as described 
in a former chapter. Our ekhas had very much the appear- 
ance of a small "Punch and Judy" show, on wheels, and if 
the children of Utah were to see such an outfit they would 
consider it quite a curiosity. 

(To be Continued.) 



«-^gfc - * C " 



OTJB SULPHUa. 



KT J. L. BARFOOT. 



IN this country some of the most valuable minerals to a 
people for manufacturing purposes are thought little of, on 
account of their abundance and the difficulty of utilizing 
them. This will apply to our sulphur, among other things, 
not, however, so much to-day as it would have done a short 
time ago. Now the sulphur deposits are "taken Vip," that is, 
secured according to law. To-day the sulphur is of market- 
able value. 

It is possible now that that important element may even be 
manufactured here. If so, this would be the commencement 
of industries that would find employment for thousands. As 
may be seen in the INSTRUCTOR, on the "Chemistry of Com- 
mon Things," sulphur is the principal constituent in the 
manufacture of sulphuric acid, or "oil of vitriol," as it was 
formerly called. 

Just now sulphur has come before public notice because it 
happens to be useful in preparing the hyposulphite of soda. 
and other hyposulphites and sulphides of the alkalies and of 
the alkaline earths. All this stir has arbeo because the silver 
can be obtained from certain ores by the use of solvents and 
precipitants. in the preparation of which sulphur is necessary. 

But one class of manufactures frequently leads on to other 
related industries. And in the same way that the mining 
industries, which were not entered into specially to benefit us 
as a people, have brought advantages, so the utilization of 
sulphur may still further benefit us. 

As to the way in which sulphur may be identified, every- 
body km.ws that it will burn, and that it can be recognized by its 
odor. So that nothing more need be pointed out about the 
element of sulphur when it is not in chemical combination 
with other bodies until the sulphur compounds are described. 



Misapplication of Words.— Nothing is more absurd than 
to hear a man attempt the use of a word which he does not 
understand. We once heard a speaker of some pretension, 
in a public meeting, say, "Such examples should enervate 
us to new efforts," etc. "Nerve us," was what he meant — 
exactly the opposite thing. A contemporary reports a man 
addressing a Sunday school as sayiog, "I have been laboring 
for the extinction of the cause." He meant extension. An 
ambitious young candidate for the honors of a preacher once 
used this phrase in one of his trial sermons: "I am now going 
to eliminate the doctrine in this text." He was astounded 
when he learned that the meaning of the word was to "strike 
out." He thought it meant "expound." Some people nevei- 
use a word of two syllables if they can find one of six syl- 
lables that will express the meaning as well. If you will use 
long words, be sure you know their true meaning. But short 
words arc the best. One syllable of Saxon is better than ten 
of Latin, to the ordinary reader. 



*h 



*^ 



: 



©^ 1C8 



JUTENILB IUSTKUCTOB. 




LOOIC UP, J±1<T1D ifttt yotjb trust iht GtOxd. 

Words & Music by E. Stephens. 



Soft and slow. 



iH 



dim 



==ff2zc=^=^~ 



ores. 



^-wrA-o*- >— « -*\--m-. — « — ™ 1— -^«; — 3 s --' i^-S-p-* 1 -— *" — d *-\-&-— m — ^ ~ 

^±.»J : — m ^_L_^ -—m < « w _l_«i — *— 2 — * — — t ! — * • »—■-,»-—» » 1" ■ 

II • 1> — I I 



I I 



1. "When dark'ning clouds the skies o'ereast, And tempests threaten 

2. Though sor-row deep may wound the soul, And pangs of anguish 

3. Ke - mem - ber that in nier-cy oft He chastens those He 

-m — -,-*a_ m — * — m-r-^-—^ — J ~*T -,-<**— ±m— m — m — 






to o'erwhelm, When hope fur eavthly 

chill the heart, Death's hand may blight thy 

lov - elh most, That thev may learn to 

:£: -J°± :£: 3?: J 

■i* — * — f ~r w- — a — » — *-t 









-i— — 1 — — — m - 



CHORUS. 
With energy. 



-H=i 



ifiiisiiii^miiiuppiiii* 

* i ff r r ■ r 






help is past, Re-mem-ber God is 
fond - est hopes, Yet God to thee can 
look a -loft And trust in Him, the 

/■M> Ik lw 

i-2— * , _j_J! H ._ r <_S*-r« — * 






at 
aid 
Lord of 



the helm. ") 

im - part. [■ 

hosts. J 



5* 






Then dry your tears, break forth in 
i\ i i i -m- -m- 



song, Nor 



i 



m^^^i^Elil^e 



xfc— ^=f 



— =crj=3c 



T -l- 



groan be 



-i»— ^— ' — 3r.«- c -FS-r~ — 

I I rpT r , 

neath the chast'ning rod, Though tempests wild their threats pro - long, Look up and put your trust in Rod 

_ _ v. _ ■ ^ I , i. -0- -m- -*- -»- ^ .-*--»•_ o| o /> 




•^ r . i Lws i 



SXJISriD^Y LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON LXX1II. 




Q. — When the lire-arms were given up what did Joseph do? 

A. — After bidding his family farewell, ho again started for 
Carthage. 

Q. — When opposite the Ma-onic Hall what did he say to some 
brethren thei 

A. — Boy's if I don't come back, take care of yourselves; I am 
going like a lamb to the slaughter. 

Q. — When did Joseph and the brethren arrive at Carthage? 

A. — Alwut midnight. 

0. — While they were passing the public square, what threats 
ne of the soldii rs make? 

A. — They threatened to shoot him, and said he would never 
see Nauvoo again. 

Q. — On what charge was Joseph and Hyrum arrested the next 
E 

A.— On a charge of treason. 

Q. — What pledge or promise did Governor Ford make to 
Joseph? 

A. — That he would protect him and his friends from violence. 

Q. — When Joseph was visited by a number of the officers of 
the troops, what did he tell them? 

A. — He told them they thirsted for his blood, and nothing 
short of it would satisfy them. 

Q.— Did Joseph and Hyrum and the brethren stand their trial 
on the charge of treason? 

A. — Yes; but it was all a sham, and only done to try and sen 
them to jail. 



Q.— Who went to Governor Ford to try to persuade him not 
to let Joseph Smith and others be sent to jail contrary to law? 

A -Elder John Taylor. 

Q. — Did he secceedr 

A. — No; the governor uttsrly refused to interfere in their 
behalf. 

Q.— Who then went as a guard with Joseph and Hyrum to 
the prison? 

A.— John Jaylor, John P. Green, Stephen Markham, Dan 
Jones and three others. 

Q— How did they spend the evening in Carthage jail? 

A.— In pleasant conversation and in prayer. 



Music Cards, "Articles of Faith," Class Registers, and 
other publications suitable for Sunday schools for sale at this 
office. 



jnj^TElsriLB UsTSTE-UOTOEi 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTII. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TEEMS IN ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Ceuts per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

.^©-Office, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 




