Holiness U t\t f 0r&! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1873. 



NO. 21. 



-A-SOETSTID I UNTO- 'J? HIE J±JL,JPS. 




THE scene which we 
here present to our 
readers is one which will 
cause them to shudder. 
To jump or fall from such 
a precipice as that pictur- 
ed in the engraving, one 
would think, at least, a 
very perilous piece of bus- 
iness; but to tumble or be 
kicked down from such a 
hight, head foremost, in 
company with a knapsack 
and leg of mutton, as the 
man is here represented, 
running a bare chance of 
alighting safely on a nar- 
row strip of snow, or, 
what is more probable 
still, bounding off on 
either side of it into a 
deep, rocky, ice-covered 
gulch — the very thought 
of it is appalling. The 
poor fellow appears to be 
fully aware of the danger 
of his situation, as with 
out-stretched arms he 
seems to be grasping at 
thin air to save himself or 
ease his fall. The rope 
attached to his body, one 
end of which is held by 
the man on the summit of 
the rock, whose foot we 
can just see projecting 
over the precipice, affords 
him no protection, for it 
dangles quite loosely in 
the air; and, viewing the 
scene in any way we 
please, we must admit 
that the position of the 
man making the flying 
descent, is anything but a 
pleasant one. 

Children can readily 
understand how a man 




can face such peril, and 
attempt such a dangerous 
leap to save his life, cr 
that of others; but that a 
man would do so from any 
other motive — for love of 
adventure, for glory, fur 
pleasure, or, as the buys 
would say, for ''fun," 
they would never imagine. 
Yet such is the case. 

The Alps, as many of 
our readers are probably 
aware, is a famous chain 
of mountains in the south 
of Switzerland. The re- 
gion of the Alps in some 
respects, is very similar 
to Utah Territory. The 
mountains there, like 
those around us, are grand 
and towering; but to as- 
cend the mountains in this 
region in the summer sea- 
son is not a very difficult 
undertaking, while to 
make the ascent of some 
of the Alpine mountains 
is a task of the most dif- 
ficult and perilous nature. 
The great glaciers or fields 
of ice, the steep, rocky 
or snow-covered precipices 
and huge crevasses or 
gulches to be met with, 
all combine to make it 
dangerous. 

Switzerland is one of 
the most famous countries 
iu the world for tourists 
or persons who travel for 
pleasure or sight-seeing 
to visit, because of its 
grand and beautiful scen- 
ery; and to ascend one of 
the Alpine peaks is con- 
sidered by many of sueh 
persons as the crowning 





m i *-y i iiri-ifortiifc"*! ■«•!■!■■ ■■■■■■ 



163 



JUYE1TILE IISrSTBtrOTOB. 




& 



feat of their travels. Guides may be procured among the peo- 
ple who inhabit that region, who, if paid enough, aie willing 
to risk their lives ia the service of travelers. They are daring, 
hardy men, used to such a life, aud well acquainted with the 
country and the accessible points; but, though this is the case, 
some of them lose their lives by slipping off a precipice or 
lodging in a crevasse. 

One of the most difficult among the mountaius of the Alps 
to ascend is the Matterhorn, which is 14,710 feet above the level 
of the sea, or upwards of 10,000 feet higher than Salt Lake 
City. The incident which our engraving is intended to illus- 
trate occurred while a party was ascending that mountain. 

Iu the past few years a great interest has been awakened 
among scientific men concerning the geological formation of 
mountains, the currents of air iu high altitudes aud the myster- 
ies of clouds, glaciers, etc. To prosecute the study, liieu have 
visited the Alps and other mountains and endured the conse- 
quent exposure, fatigue and peril of ascending them. 

Professor Tyudall was one of the scientific men who attempted 
the ascent of the Matterhorn. He and his party at oue time 
came upon a crevasse which had to be crossed before they could 
proceed. Iu describing it he says; 

"A downward jump of 15 or 10 feet, and a forward leap of 
7 or 8 feet had to be male at the same time. It was not the 
q laotity, but it w.ts the quality of the jump whbh gave t > it its 
peculiar flavor. You had to hit a narrow ridge of ice. If that 
was passed, it seemed as if you might roll down for ever aud 
ever. If it was not attained, you dropped into the crevasse 
below, which, although partly choked by icicles and snow which 
had fallen from above, was still gapiug iu many places, ready to 
rcc ive an erratic body. 

"Croz untied Walker in order to got rope enough, aud warn- 
ing us to hold fast, spraug over the chasm. He alighted clev- 
erly on his feet; untied himself and seut up the rope to Walker 
who followed his example. It was then my turu, and I 
advanced to the edge of the ice. The second which followed 
is what is called a supreme moment. That is to say, I Celt 
suniouiely ridiculous. The world seemed to revolve at a fright 
ful pace, and my stomach to fly away. The next moment I found 
myself sprawling in the snow, and then, of course, vowed that it 
was nothing, and prepared to encourage my friend Reynaud. 

''He came to the edge aud made declarations. He wrung his 
bands, 'Oh what a fearful place!' 'It is nothing, Reynaud, ' 
I said, 'It is nothing.' 'Jump,' cried the others, 'jump.' But 
he turned round, as far as one can do such a thing iu an ice 
step, and covered his face with his hands, ejaculating, 'Upon 
my word it is not possible. No 1 No 1 1 No 1 ! 1 it is not possible.' 

"How he came over I do not know. We saw a toe — it 
seemed to belong to Moore; we saw Reynaud, a flying body, 
coming down as if taking a header into the water; with arms 
and legs aU abroad, his leg of mutton flying iu the air, his 
baton escaped from his grasp; and then we heard a thud as if a 
bundle of carpets had been pitched cut of a window. When 
set upon his feet he was a sorry spectacle." 



England once Idolatrous. — An ancient writer, Dr. 
I laifere, in a sermon preached before the University of Cam- 
bridge, about the year 1.073, says, "Before the gospel of Christ, 
no church here existed, but the temple of an idol; no priesthood, 
but that of paganism; no God, but the sun, the moon, or some 
hideous image. In Scotland, stood the temple of Mars; in 
Cornwall, the temple of Mercury; in Bangor the temple of 
Minerva; at Maiden, the temple of Victory: in Bath, the tem- 
ple of Apollo; at Leicester, the tomple of Janus; at York, 
where St. Peter's now stands, the temple of Bcllona, in Lon- 
don, on the site of St. Paul's cathedra], the temple of Diana; 
at Westminster, where the abbey rears its veuerable pile, a 
tomple of Apollo." 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



3Hffte %uum in ^tmirfuji* 



w 



to 



rf> 



2sTOiT-"M:E!TA.L BLEME3STTS 
2STO- 1. 



rpO read pretty stories about the chemisty of bodies is very 
J. interesting aud may be made instructive; but to read to 
understand the principles of that important science, an effort 
has to be made to remember. For this reason it has been recom- 
meuded to commit to memory the combining numbers of ele- 
mentary bodies; this is indispensable to success. Not but what 
we can get a kiud of information from books, but books are not 
always handy. To aid the memory, however, advantage may 
be taken of system in grouping together such elements as happen 
to have a numerical relation to each other; by which we are not 
to suppi se that they uecessarily are related by any exact pro- 
portion, although it is thought by some scientists that there is 
complete numerical harmony among the combining numbers of 
clemeutary bodies. We start with hydrogen. By the table it 
is seeu as 1 in combining power. 8 times 1 is 8, the combining 
power of oxygen, O 8. Twice 8 is 10, combining number of 
sulphur, S 10. 8 times 4 is 32, phosphorus, P 32. 8 times 5 
is 40, combining number of selenium, Se 40. This will be a 
key by which to remember five of the thirteen non-metal ele- 
ments. It is a good excercise to write out these groups with 
the combining number under each symbol, as we become famil- 
iar with both, especially by writing them in various ways. 

The remaining eight of the non-metals do not happen to be 
multiples of each other, some of them are multiples of carbon. 
Thus carbon is a multiple of hydrogen, as every other element 
is. 6 times 1 equals 6, the combining number or equivalent of 
carbon, C 6. times 6 is 30, equivalent of chlorine, CI 36. 
6 times 13 is 78, equivalent of bromine, Br 78. times 21 is 
120, equivalent of iodine, I 126. 

We have now only four uou-metals to learn. Borou 11 and 
BiTtcon 22. These bodies are very closely related iu a chemical 
pci it of view, so is carbon related to both. 

The two remaining elements are easily remembered — uitrogeu 
14 and fluorine 19. We may now write the groups: 

H O S P So 

1 8 10 32 40 



c 





CI 
36 



Br 

78 



I 

126 



B Si N F 
11 22 14 19 

Exercise.— What is the equivalent or combining weight of N 
O? N 2 O? N 3 O? IN 4 O? N 5 O? 

Now, as N by the table i 14 and O is 8, the combining 
weight will be 14 plus 8, which is 22, which may be thus writ- 
ten: N O, equivalent weight 22. N 14 plus 2 0, (2 equals 
twice 8) 16: 14 plus 16 equals 30. N 30 equals 14 plus 24, (3 
equals 24) which is 38. N 4 (4 equals 32, as it is 4 
times 8) equals 14 plus 32, which is 46. N50 (5 O equals 5 
times 8 or 40) is 14 plus 40 which is 54, the combining number 
of nitric acid, which is N combined with 0, and it takes five 
atoms of to satisfy N, that is to oxidize it, to form that cor- 
rosive liquid. Is it not wonderful that these two clcmeuts, N 
and O, are passing into our lungs to sustaiu life, and yet they 
can form such destructive compounds? It is strange, children, 
and worthy of our notice; but they are only mixed together in 
the air we breathe; in the acids they are chemically combined. 



Beth. 



I'lo be continued.) 





J TJ -V IE 1ST I L IEJ HTSTBTJCTOB, 



163 




QUESTION'S -A-IsTE .A.T>T- 

SWEIR,S OIT THE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 




Subject — Histokt of Moses. 

LESSON XXXIX. 

Q- — After Joseph and his brethren Dad all died what was the condi- 
tion of the Children of Israel? 

A. — They "multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land 
was filled with them." 

Q. — Wi o was it that arose "wh eh knew not Joseph?" 

A. — A new King over Egypt. 

Q. — What did this new king do to the Children of Israel. 

A. — He set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. 

Q. — For what reason did the new kitig do this? 

A. — Because he was envious of them, and fearful of their growing 
influence. 

Q. — What was the name of ti.e new king? 

A — Pharaoh. 

Q. — What did the children of Israel build for Pharaoh? 

A. — Two treasure cities. 

Q. — What effect did the rigor of the Egypti.n taskmasters have 
upon the Children of Israel? 

A.— "The mure they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and 
grew." 

Q. — What charge did Pharaoh give to all his people concerning 
them? 

A. — "Every son that is born ye 6hall cast into the liver, and every 
daughter ye shall save alive." 

Q. — Of what tribe of Israel were the parents of the son who was 
hid for three months? 

A. — Of the house of Levi. 

Q. — When the mother could not longer hide him, what did she 
make for him? 

A. — "An ark of bulrushes." 

Q — After she had put the child in the ark of bulrushes where 
did she place it? 

A. — "In the Hags by the river's brink." 

<,>. — Who stood afar off, to watch what would be done toi.im? 

A. — His sister. 

Q. — Who then came along to wash herself in the river? 

A. — The daughter of Pharaoh. 

LESSON XL. 

Q. — What did she do when she saw the ark among the Hugs? 

A. — "S e sent her maid to fetch it." 

Q. — What happened when she opened the ark and saw the child? 

A. — "The bade wept." 

Q. — How did she feci toward the babe? 

A. — "She had compassion on him." 

Q. — What did she say? 

A. — "This is one of the Hebrews' children." 

Q. — What did the child's sister then say unto Pharaoh's daughter? 

A. — "Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that 
she may nur=e the child for thee?" 

Q. — When Pharaoh's daughter told her she might do so, whom did 
she call? 

A. — "The child's mother." 

Q — What did Pharaoh's daughter say to her? 

A. — "Take this child away, and nurse It for me, and I wi.'l give thee 
thy wages." 

Q. — Wh"n the child grew and the mother took him to Pharaoh's 
daughter, how was he treated? 

A. — He became her son. 

Q. — What name did she call him? 

A. — Moses. 

Q. — What reason did she give for calling him Moses? 

A. — "Because 1 drew him out of the water." 

Q. — When Moses was grown and looked upon the burdens of his 
brethren, whom did he see6miting one of theuj? 

A. — An Egyptian. 

Q. — When Moses looked about and saw "that theie was no man," 
what did he do? 

A. — "He -lew the Egyptian and hid him in the tand." 

Q. — The second day aftec this when Moses found two of the 
Ilcbrews contending, what did he fay "to hhn that did the wrong!" 

A. — "Wherefore 6mitcst thou tby fellow?" 

Q. — What was his reply? 

A. — "Who made thee a prince and judge over ns? Intendest thou 
to kill me, as thou kilk-dst the Egyptian?" 

Q. — What effect did this have on Moses? 

A — lie was afraid, and said "surely this thing is known." 

Q. — When Pharaoh heard this thing, what did he do? 

A. — He sought to slay Moses. 

Q.— What did Moses do? 

A — He fled from the face of Pharaoh. 

Q. — In what land did he dwell; 

A. — In the land of Midian. 



QUESTIOITS J±3<TJD _A.I£T- 
SAATEIR,S OIT THE BOOK 

oe lyiOB^nvroisr. 

CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 

LESSON XXXIX. 

Q.— Did the Lamanltes pursue the Nephites? 

A.— They followed them two days. 

Q.— Did they capture any of them? 

A. — No; they all escaped. 

Q.— Did they arrive safely in Zarahemla? 

A — Yes. 

Q.— How did Eing Mosiah and his people receive them? 

A — With joy. 

Q —What •id they do when they reached there? 

A — They joined his people and hecame his subjects. 
, y-— ""hat happened to the army of the Lamauites that followed 
Limhi and his people? 

A. — They were lost in the wilderness. 

Q. Whom did they find in searching the wilderness? 

A.- They found the priests of Noah who had stolen their daughters. 

Q. — How did the priests pacify the Lnmanites? 

A.— By sending their wives among them to plead for them. 

t>'. — Did the Lamanites spn re them? 

A. — Yes ; because of their wives. 

Q — What was the name of the leader of these priests? 

A. — Amulon. 

Q — lid Amulon"and the priests join the Lamanites? 

A.— Yes; and traveled with them. 

Q.— What happened afterwards? 

A.— They came to the hind where Alma and his people were llvinc 

Q. - What nume did Alma give to this land? 

A.— Helam. 

Q — Was it a good land? 

A.— It was a beautiful and pleasant land— a land of puie water. 

Q.— Did Alma and his people do well there? 

A. — They prospered exceedingly. 

Q- — What did the Lamanites say to Alma and his people? 

A. — That if they would show them the way to their own country, 
they would give them their lives and their liberties. 

Q— Did they keep this promise? 

A. — No, thej did not. 

Q — Whom did the king of the Lamanites make ruler over the peo- 
ple of Alma? 

A. — Amnion, the priest of Noah. 

LESSON XL. 

Q — Whatd.d the king of the Lamanite6 do with the priesbs of 
Noah? 

A — He appointed them teachers over his people in every land 
where his people lived. 

Q.— What was the effect of this? 

A — The Lamanites learned the language of Nephi. 

Q. — What more did they leain? - 

A. — To copy their records and to write one to another. 

Q. — Did they become a good people? 

A. — No; they were a cunning people dealing in all manner of wick- 
edness and plunder. 

Q — Was * m u Ion kind to Alma and his people. 

A. — No; he tasked them severely. 

Q. — What effect did this have on the people of Alma? 

A. — They cried mightily to God. 

Q. — What did Amnion then do? 

A. — He put guards over them and if one was found calli g upon 
God he was put to death. 

Q. — Did Alma and his people cease to call upon God? 

h —No; they prayed to Him in their hearts. 

Q. — Did the Lord hear their praj'ers? 

A. — He din, and answered them. 

Q. — How did Alma and his people escape? 

A. — By revelation from IhcLonl. 

Q. — Did he tell Alma what 1o do? 

A.- Yes. 

Q — What d : d He do to"the Lamanites at the time Alma and his 
people escaped? 

A — He ca -sed a deep sleep to come upon them. 

Q. — How many days were Alma and his people ii the wilderness 
before they reached the land of Zarahemla? 

A. — Twelve days. 

Q. — How did King Mosiah receive them? 

A.— With joy. 



What is a "Stone" Weigh*? — A stone, horseman's weight, 

is 14 pounds; a stone of butcher's meat, H pounds; a Stone of 
iron, 14 pounds; a stone of glass, 5 pounds; a stone of hemp, 
32 pounds; a stone of cheese, 1(3 pounds. Clear and simple, 
ceitiinly I 





164= 



vITJ^EIsriXjE] I1TSTBT7CTOE,. 




STi* SttNttlts itisfpticlop* 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, OCTOBEK 11, 1873. 

EDITORIAL TZHZOTTG-IHITS- 





F the Latter-day Saints continue to obey 
the laws which God has given them, they 
will always be a temperate people in their 
eating and drinking. Consequently, they 
will be a healthy people. Excess in eating 
and drinking is almost sure to produce dis- 
ease. By such a practice the stomach is 
overloaded and overworked, the system is 
clogged, and if attacked by disease while in 
that condition, it cannot resist and throw it 
off, aud the result is likely to to be a severe spell 
of sickness, which injures, if it does not kill, 
the body. The more the Word of Wisdom, 
given by the Lord to the Saints for their benefit, 
is examined, the more apparent does its wisdom 
appear. There are to be sickness and pestilence 
sent forth upon the inhabitants of the earth in the 
last days. The prophets inspired by the Lord have 
foretold this. These days being the last days, we, 
wh' now live, will witness the?e things. It becomes 
a serious question with us, therefore, how we shall escape these 
pestilences when they come. Already we hear of cholera, of 
yellow fever, of small pox and other dreadful diseases attacking 
communities aud killing them by hundreds and thousands. If 
they spread over the land, how are the Latter-day Saints to 
escape? Some other dreadful disease might be sent forth as a 
calamity upon the wicked; if so, how shall the Latter-day Saints 
escape? Will they escape if they live exactly as the wicked do? 
No promise of this kind has been given to them. On the con- 
trary, the Lord has plainly told them how to live to escape pes- 
tilence aud disease. Do you think, readers, that if His counsel 
on this point is neglected He will still preserve those who refuse 
to listen to or obey Him? If he warns aud counsels people 
who call themselves Latter day Saints, aud they will not act 
upon His words, what better are they than the wicked? The 
name of being a Latter-day Saiut alone will not save them. 
No one can be a true Saint who neglects to obey God. It is 
obedience to His law and His requirements that makes a man, 
a woman, or a child a Saint. 

In the Word of Wisdom the Lord gives a promise to those 
Saints who remember to keep aud do the sayings contained 
therein and who walk in obedience to the commandments. 
Tliis promise is ''that the destroying angel shall pass by them, as 
the children of Israel, and not slay them." What are the say- 
ings of the L>rd in the Word of Wisdom? 

First: The drinking of wine or strong drink by Latter-day 
Saints is not good, neither meet iu the sight of their Father. 
Wine, pure wiue of the grape of the vine, made by the Saints 
the-;. selves, may, however, be used in offering sacraments 
before the Lord. But strong driuks are not for the belly; they 
are for the washing of the bodies of the Saints. 

Second: Tobacco is not for the body, neither for the belly, 
and is not good fir man; but it is an h^rb for bruises and all 
sick cattle, to be used with judgment and skill. 
Third: Hot drinks arc not for the body or belly. 
Fourth; All wholesome herbs God hath ordained for the con- 
stitution, nature and use of man. Every herb in the season 
thereof, and every fruit in the season thereof; all these to be 
ed with prudence and thanksgiving. 



Fifth; Flesh also of beasts and of the fowls of the air the 
Lord has ordained for the use of man with thanksgiving; but 
flesh is to be used sparingly, and it is pleasing unto the Lord that 
it should only be used in times of winter, or of cold, or famine. 

Sixth; All grain is ordained forthe use of man and of beasts, 
to be the staff of life, not only for man, but for the beasts of 
the field, and the fowls of heaven, and all wild animals that run 
or creep upon the earth. 

Seventh: The beasts of the field, the fowls of heaven and all 
the wild animals that run or creep upon the earth God hath 
made for the use of man only in times of famine and excess of 
hunger. 

Eighth; All grain is good for the food of man, as also the 
fruit of the vine, that which yieldeth fruit, whether in the 
ground or above the ground. 

Ninth; Nevertheless, wheat is for man, corn for the ox; oats 
for the horse, rye for the fowls and for swiue and for all beasts 
of the field, aud barley for all useful animals and for mild 
drinks, as also other graiD. 

More simple, easily understood counsel could not be given 
thau is contained in these sayings. A child can understand 
them, a child can obey them. The experience of the wise meu 
of all ages confirms their truth. The wisest of all nations join 
in saying that intoxicating drinks are bad for man. Many of 
them agree that tobacco is injurious to man's body; that his 
driuks should not be hot; that they should be no warmer than 
his blood. Many agree, too, in saying that vegetable food is 
better and more healthy for man than the flesh of animals. But 
if they did not believe this, it would make no difference in the 
truth. God created man. He knows the food and the drinks 
that arj the best adapted aud most healthy for him, and when 
He gives counsel upon these poiuts, the people who do not 
receive it and act upon it are blind to their own health and hap- 
piness. The Lord says that they who will obey his counsel 
shall receive health in their navel, and marrow to their bones 
and shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, even 
hidden treasures; and shall run and not be weary, and shall 
walk and not faint. 

Children, who of you desire to be healthy and strong, to be 
active in body and mind, to be wise and to live to a 
good old age? God has told you in the Word of Wisdom 
how you can have all these blessings. He has told you how 
you can live so as to escape pestilence and disease when they 
will be destroying others. Ask yourselves which is better; 

To DISOBEY GOD and 

Drink wine and liquor, 

Chew and smoke tobacco, 

Drink tea and coffee and other hot drinks, 

Eat meat freely in summer aud in winter, 

Lack wisdom and knowledge, and 

Be exposed to sickness and death and God's displeasure for 
refusing to take His counsel? 

Or to 

OBEY GOD, 

Never drink wine or liquor, 

Never chew or smoke tobacco, 

Never drink tea or coffee or other hot drinks, 

Never eat meat except in times of cold or of famine, 

And have wisdom and knowledge, health and strength, aud 
God's favor and blessings upon you for your obedience? 
Which is better? 

Every wise man, every wise woman, every wise child 
says; 

It is better to control our appetites, it is better to never eat 
and drink those things which God says is not good for us, and 
to have His Spirit and favor, than it is to reject His coun- 
sel. 

We hope that every one who reads the Juvenile Instructor 
will be thus wise. 





J TJ V ES 1ST I L IE IITSTE/TJOTOR. 



165 




.A. DUTOH G-ARDE1T. 



WE have heard some folks talk about "improving nature." 
We once knew an amusing fellow who pretended to believe 
that it would be much better if men's mouths were placed in 
the tops of their heads, so that their food could be pjured down 
through a fuunel. Another stated that he thought it would be 
a great advantage if a man had one eye in front and one behind 
so that he could see both ways at once. But we prefer men as 
they are, just as God has made them, and we think most of our 
little friends must be of the same opinion. Here, however, we 
have a picture in which the gardener has really been trying to 
improve nature. And a pretty mess he has made of it; not 
content with letting his trees and shrubs grow in their natural 
and graceful forms, he has cut and pruned their branches until 
they resemble cubes, globes, pyramids and other geometrical 
figures, like which uo trees ever grew naturally. Notice those 
two absurd looking trees in the middle of the garden! How 
ugly they appear when compared with those others which we 
see in the background, that have been allowed to grow a cording 
to nature's laws. 

The quaiut little summer house on the edge of the canal, and 
its drowsy occupant tranquilly purling at a long pipe, almost 
inform us without words that this garden is iu Holland. It 
is so and this peculiar style of gardening, with its straight and 
angular walks and geometrically cut trees, is called the Dutch 
style of gardening. 

Two hundred years 
ago and less, this style 
of cultivating the earth 
was all the fashion. Nor 
was it coufined to Hol- 
land alone, other nations 
followed the ugly exam- 
ple, and remnants of it 
still exist iu quiet, out 
of the way places in 
different parts of Eu- 
rope and New Eu gland. 
But for many years 
past this style has been 
giving way to the more 
refined taste which aims 
to convert all the land round a residence' into an'assemblage of 
pleasing pictures, to reproduce in the cultivated garden groves, 
woods, lakes and valus and by supplying defects, correcting 
faults and improving beauties make the most of the land as it 
existed in an uncultivated state. This is called landscape gar- 
dening. 

Not quite two hundred and fifty years ago a strange mania 
took hold of the Dutch gardeners. It was a rage for tulips. 
The excitement was very great. A tulip root of a rare kind 
would fetch more than five thousand florins. How ridiculous 
it seems to us for people to thus run mad about a flower. The 
rage, however, was soon over. A panic began, the prices fell 
rapidly, the government was appealed to, but what could the 
government do? It wisely refused to interfere with contracts 
which so nearly resembled gambling. Many were ruined, and 
it was long before public credit recovered from the shock. 

Some amusing stories are related with regard to this tulip 
mania. One recounts how a sailor coming into a merchant's 
country house, and seeing something that looked like an onion, 
took it home to eat with his red herring. The supposed onion 
was a tulip bulb. It was speedily missed; search was made, 
and the sailor was found holding it half devoured in his hand. 
We are sorry to say he was very harshly condemned to six 
month's imprisonment. Avery costly onion that for him. 

Another anecdote: A gentleman of some botanical taste 
fuuud a bulb in a conservatory. Ho wished to examine it sci- 



: 




ectifically, and proceeded to cut it into pieces. The bulb was 
one of the most expensive kinds of tulips, and when the owner 
thereof found our scientific friend, he dragged him before a 
magistrate, who condemned him to prison until he found secur- 
ities for the payment of four thousand florins, which was~said 
to be the value of the botanical specimen he had been too crit- 
ically examining. 

■"JTECE 3LOC3-^.3nT JUBILEE. 

AT Login, Cache County, a very fine Jubilee was held on 
Sunday, September 28th, at which about fifteen hundred 
children from various settlements in Cache Valley were present. 
The hour appointed for the commencement of the exercises was 
ten o'clock, and long before that time the roads leading from 
various points of the Valley to Lo?an were crowded with vehi 
cles loaded with children and their parents coming to the Jubi- 
le,3. The weather was remarkably fine, but rather cool. The 
children who came from a distance were generally well provided 
with warm clothing, and those who belonged to Logan took 
care to wrap up comfortably in the afternoon. "In our lovely 
Deseret;" "Oh, the Sabbath morniug;" "0, Zion, for ever;" 
''Oh, we are volunteers;" "Love at home," and "Give us rcorn 
that we may dwell," were the songs sung in the forenoon. 
Besides the singing, prayer was offerred by Bishop Wm. Hyde 
and addresses were delivered by Bishop L. W. Hatch, by the 

Editor of the Juvenile 
Instructor, by Presi- 
dent Brigham Young, 
Jur., and by Elder Par- 
ley P. Pratt; the bene- 
diction was pronounced 
by Elder Moses Thatch- 
er. An adjournment of 
two hours followed, dur- 
ing which refreshments 
were furnished in the 
hall to those who wished 
to eat; but a great num- 
ber were invited by their 
friends to their residen- 
ces to dine. 
At two o'clock, the 
The songs were: "Ringing, sweetly 
Never from thee will we stray," 



Jubilee was resumed, 
ringing;" "The Dauy 



"Hard Times," as a quartette, the whole of the children sin 
ing the chorus; "Ring the merry bells;" ''We thank thee, 
God, for a prophet;" and two others which had been sung were 
repeated by request. Addresses were delivered between the 
songs by Bishop Wm. Hyde, the Editor of the Juvenile 
Instructor, Bishop Samuel Roskelly and Elder Moses Thatch- 
er. Bishop Littlewood opeued, and President Brigham Yourg, 
Jun., closed by prayer. In the afternoon the sacrament was 
also administered to the congregation. 

Taken altogether this Jubilee was one of the finest affairs of 
the kind that we ever saw. The singing was remarkably good. 
Parents and visitors were not prepared to hear such harmony, 
such sweetness and expression, such melodious voices, aud such 
excellent time kept by so large a body of children as sung 
together on that occasion. They had been trained in their own 
schools and had only once been brought together until at the Ju- 
bilee. The leader, Brother William Knowles, evinced great skill 
in conducting the Jubilee, aud he deserves the heartiest thanks 
of the parents and superintendents and teachers, and the chil- 
dren themselves, for the great interest he has taken in getting 
up the Jubilee and making it a success. It is only a few weeks 
since it was resolved to hold this Jubilee, and it is surprising 
bow quickly the children acquired the necessary knowledge to 
enable them to do their part. Brother Joseph H. Coddard 





166 



JTJVSiq-ILE IITSTBTJCTOB. 




accompanied the singing on the organ, aud his fine playing on 
that instrument added greatly to the success of the occasion. 

Brother Moses Thatcher is the County Superintendent of 
Cache Valley, in which position he is most energetic and zea- 
lous. This Jubilee having been so satisfactory we expect that 
Superiuteudent Thatcher will in the future use singing as a 
means of creating an interest among 3*oung and old in Sabbath 
schools. What was done on the 2Sth at Logan clearly shows 
how proficient children can become when properlv trained in 
this most delightful of arts. Next summer the railroad will run 
through the most of the settlements in that valley, and this will 
enable the childreu to come together quickly and without trouble 
at any given point. We hope to hear of many such gatherings 
in the future, as we feel assured they will, if properly managed, 
prove of great benefit to all concerned. 



H T. S T O IR» "Z" OIF 
OHTJBOH. 
{Continued.) 



T H IS 



ACCOMPANYING the public address was a private letter 
from Hod. John M. Coleman, of the State Executive Com- 
mittee, addressed to President Brigham Young and others, in 
which he said; 

"I am not a stranger to the troubles with which you have 
beeu afflicted, as well in Missouri as in Illinois, having had the 
Missouri difficulties cozuiuunicated to me by the late Joseph 
Smith some years since while traveling through the State of 
Indiana on his way to Washington City. Your more recent 
troubles in the state of Illinois are vivid in the recollection of 
all, a lasting monument of violence and bloodshed, which will 
sully the pages of our country's history for ages to come, and 
which will be read with astonishment by Christian nations 
throughout the world. Driven, as you have been by lawless 
violence from two States of this Union, and now wending your 
way as you are, to some chosen spot, some sequestered retreat 
in the far west, where you can reinstate yourselves in the pos- 
session of peaceful homes and quiet firesides — where you can 
worship according to your own creed, where you may grow in 
the arts and sciences, rear up institutions of learning of all 
grades, from the log cabin school house up to the stately edifice 
in which the highest literary honors may be acquired, and where 
peace and plenty may crown your annual toil. 

''Tu orler to carry out an euterprize of this kind successfully, 
the ground work must be laid upon a proper basis, the founda- 
tion must be laid upon the best structure, otherwise the same 
difficulties which have atteuded you heretofore, will follow you 
into the Bocky Mountains, or whithersoever you may go. 
Should ynu make a location in the Indian country, which must 
of necessity be the case, if you stop anywhere in the spurs of 
the Bocky Mountains, you cannot avoid collisiou with the Indian 
tribes owning the lauds upon which you may settle. This will 
be unavoidable for any length of time, however friendly they 
may at first appear. I speak from experience on this point, 
from a long and intimate knowledge of the Indian character. 
So avoid these difficulties and for the better security of your 
laudable enterprise, the first step pr. liminary to a general move- 
ment westward, to any given point upon a large scale, should bo 
to secure the protection of the general government; and the 
njost efficient way of doing this, would be, for ihn United 
States to purchase a tract of couutry of sufficient extent to 
accommodate a population commensurate with your present and 
prospective wants, and which would enable you, with confidence 
to concentrate your people once more, aud to reorganize them 
into the social compact, under a guarantee of protection from 
the savage scalping-knife. This will follow as a natural consc- 
'I i^nc, growing out of the purchtse. 



''The tide of emigration which is setting for the Western 
Slope of the Bocky Mountains, and for the rich valleys border- 
ing on the Pacific Ocean, two thousand miles of which is now 
owned by, and in the possession of the people of the United 
States, would, ere long, place you on the great highway between 
the present States of this Union, formed out of the territory 
north-west of the Ohio river, including Iowa and Missouri, 
and those States to be formed on the Pacific in the same paral- 
lel of latitude, such a selection and location as you contemplate, 
commanding the mountain pass, and embracing other advan- 
tages, could not fail to cheer the drooping spirits of your peo- 
ple, and arouse them to a system of industry and enterprise, 
which would cause them to grow and flourish with a rapidity 
unparalleled in the annals of western improvements. Nor are 
the advantages of such settlement to be confiued to your people 
alone; the government will be no less beuefited by the grand 
enterprise, if wisely carried out. By the industry of your \ e>- 
ple, they would have the means of supplyiug provisions at a 
poiut remote from navigation and other sources of supply, and 
thereby be alike beneficial to the government and to themselves. 

''Government stores and Indian supplies will be required in 
that region, which caunot be procured without an immense ex- 
pense, in any other way than from the hand of the industrious 
husbanda an. By this means aud through the medium of emi- 
grating parties and travelers going westward, a good market 
would be afforded for all the surplus of every description, 
whether it be grain or live stock, for many years to come. 

"These considerations would have great weight with a just 
aud wise administration, in furthering your views if properly 
represented; more especially a new administration just coming 
into power, which would be looking forward to all the diversi- 
fied iuterests of the great west. This naturally brings to view 
the subject of the next presidential election, and the iuterests 
you have at stake in the result. 

"That General Taylor wiil be the next President there is 
scarcely a remainiug doubt, — that by casting your influence i'l 
favor of the old hero, would be gratefully remembered by him, 
caunot be questioned, and by securing Whig senators and repre- 
sentatives to Congress from this State through your influence, 
your claims for consideration would be placed in the most favor- 
able light, and which could not fail to secure to you those advan- 
tages, privileges and immunities to which your enterprising 
spirit would so justly entitle you. 

"In exploring the country and iu making roads thousands of 
miles through trackless deserts, where the footsteps of civilized 
man had scarcely ever trod, you have conferred a benefit upon 
the couutry and government, which will not be overlooked or 
lightly treated by a just and wise administration, such as we 
would have a right to expect from the noble, generous liearted 
and magnanimous hero of Palo Alto, Besaea Be La Palma, 
Monterey aud Buena Vista. 

"Dollars and cents in my judgmeut sink iuto absolute insig- 
nificance when compared with the moral and physical benefits 
to grow out of the cousummatiou of the foregoing plans. 
There is au elevated and sublime thought, and a solemn grand- 
eur presented to the mind in contemplating the spirit of the 
Pilgrim Fathers who reared the standard of the cross at Ply- 
mouth rock iu the new world, more than two centuries ago, now 
west of the Mississippi, traveliug onward toward the setting sun. 

"May the Latter-day Saints, in the pioneer march westward, 
carry with (hem the true spirit of charity, brotherly love and 
national fidelity; may they forget the past, and henceforth cul- 
tivate the principles of friendship to all. Iu this lies their 
s'rength, their true happiness aud their ultimate prosperity and 
glory as a people." 

(To be. continued.) 

Ax idle man's brain is the devil's workshop. 



*-P 








tiftm i.-MhFnMi i i 



CT IT "V IE UST II.. IE I3STSTE/TJOTOB. 



167 



A. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
BOY'S ^OITAG-IE] IROTJlsriD 
THE WORLD. 
(Continued.) 



THE ship Ann Alexander, Capt. John S Deblois, sailed from 
New Bedford, Juue 1st, 1850. After a very successful 
cruise iu the Atlantic, securing five huudred barrels of oil, they 
bore away for the Pacific Ocean. Nothing of unusual interest 
occurred until reaching Cape Horn, where, unfortunately, Jack- 
son Walker, a native of New Hampshire, was lost overboard. 
The vessel arrived on the off shore ground in the month of 
July, 1S51. About nine o'clock a.m. ou the 20th of August, 
1 ititude 5°, 50' south, longitude 102° west, whales were raised 
within a short distance of the ship. The larboard and star- 
board boats, iu charge of the captain and mate, were lowered, 
aud the mate was soon fast to a very large fish; and almost 
instantly stove into a thousand splinters by a blow from the 
whale's flukes. The waste boat was lowered immediately, and 
went to the assistance of the captain, who had picked up tho 
half drowned crew. Dividing the rescued men between the 
two boats, he determined to attack the whale again, the fish, 
by the way, seeming disposed to show fight, aud not at all 
alarmed. The harpooner of the waste boat had no difficulty in 
driving his irons into the monster's back, but, quicker than 
thought, the maddened leviathan turned on them, seizing the 
boat in his massive jaws, and crushing it into atoms, the crew 
barely escaping by leaping into tho sea. The captain rescued 
the poor fellows a second time from a watery grave, and, with 
his over crowdel boat, headed for the ship. Before getting 
aboard, however, the now furious whale made several dashes at 
the boat, endeavoring to seize it iu his jaws, but, by d x'ruus 
management and skill, the captain eluded these attacks, and had 
the satisfaction of getting his men safely ou the vessel. They 
had no time to congratulate one another on their narrow escape 
for hardly had they reached the deck when a cry of alarm was 
raised; the whale was heading for the ship. The vessel at the 
time was going about five knots, the whale about fifteen knots. 
Before a brace could be let go or a sheet started, the huge mon- 
ster struck the vessel abreast the fore mast, crushing in the 
timbers from the fore foot to the waist. The ship filled rapidly 
and no time was lost in getting the crew into the only two boats 
left. Ten minutes after the whale struck her she heeled over 
and lay a floatiug and useless wreck. Hundreds of miles from 
laud, with two over crowded boats and only twelve quarts of 
water, their doom seemed sealed. Their only hope was falling 
iu with a vessel cruising in the same latitude. This fortunately 
occurred on the afternoon of the 22nd of August, when they 
fell in with the ship Nantuclcet, of Nantucket, Capt. Gibbs, 
who kiudl.v relieved them from almost certain death, as had 
been exemplified years before by the loss and fearful sufferings 
of the crew of the whale ship Essex, or Nantucket, Capt. Pol- 
lard. In the fall of 1819 this vessel, then cruising in the South 
Pacific, was stove by a whale aud sunk in a few minutes, the 
tT2W barely having time to escape to their boats from the foun- 
dering vessel. Over a thousand miles from land, with little or 
no provisions, the twenty men composing her crew, in three 
small boats, endeavored to reach the coast of South America, 
at the same time hoping on the slim chance of falling in with a 
vessel. Shottly after the accident the boats parted iu a gale of 
wind. The crew of one has never been heard of since. After 
suffering the most heartrending and dreadful existence for three 
long, long months, living on the flesh of their dead shipmates, 
the two remaining boats parted company, the crew of one pre- 
, fering to remain on a desolate and barren island, subsisting on 
the scanty supply of shell fish that they could find. Capt. Pol- 
lard and two of his boat's crew were picked up by an English 
vessel, after enduring untold hardships. Of the crew of the 
boat left at the island only two were found living by the vessel 




sent to their rescue. Thus five ouly of the twenty men lived 
to return to their homes. 

To the reader perhaps it will be interesting to give a short 
description of the form and habits of the sperm whale. The 
accompanying engraving represents the external shape of the 
animal; 

In front the head preseuts a thick, blunt appearance, and, in 
length is one third of the whale. Where it joins the body is a 
small bunch (IV) called the "bunch of the neck;" directly back 
of this is the thickest part of the body, aud he gradually tapers 
from this for another third of his length, when the ''small" (X) 
commences. At this poiut is another and larger bunch, called 
the "hump" (VIII). Smaller bunches run half way down the 
small, called the ''ridge" (IX). The body contracts at the 
juuetion with the tail (called the "flukes," (XI) until it is no 
larger than the body of a man. The mouth is at the base of the 
head, and is nearly as long. The lower jaw (VII) is pointed in 
front, widening gradually until received in the socket of the 
upper jaw. The upper jaw contains no teeth; the under jaw 
has forty-two, of a conical shape. The tongue is of a pinky 
white color and very small. The eyes, (V) situated above and 
back of the jaw, are exceedingly small and furnished with eye- 
lids. A little distance back of the eyes are the external open- 
ings of the ears of sufficient size to admit a small quill. The 
"fins" (VI) are not far from the socket of the jaw, aud are used 
more fur giving direc ion to motiou aud balancing the body 





than as instruments of progression. At the upper angle of the 
head, slightly to the left, is an S shaped slit about ten inches 
long; this is the nostril or "spout hole" (I). The "case" (II) 
situated iu the upper part of the head, is a large cavity lined by 
a beautiful membrane, and covered with thick layers of muscu- 
lar fibres aud tendons, running in various directions. This cav- 
ity or space contains a thick, oily fluid, of a yellowish white 
color, aud about the consistency of honey. This is the sper- 
maceti. From ten to fifteen barrels of this liquid is obtained 
from a large whale. Beneath the case and projecting beyond 
the jaw, is the "junk," (III) composed of dense cellular tissue, 
tendons aud fibres infiltrated with spermaceti. A full grown 
sperm whale's dimeusious are as follows; length, eighty-five to 
ninety feet; breadth, eight to ten feet; depth of thickest part 
of body, sixteen to eighteen feet; depth of head, ten to twelve 
feet; fins, three feet broad, eight long; the flukes eight to ten 
feet in length, fifteen to sixteen broad. The flukes are similar 
in shape to the tail jf a fish, only they are horizontal instead of 
perpendicular. The dotted lines crossing the body of the 
whale in the drawing, are the lines cut iu the blubber to strip 
off the "blanket-pieces," when cutting iu a dead whale. 

( To he continued, > 



An honest reputation is within the reach of all men; they 
obtain it by social virtues, and by doing their duty. This kind 
of reputation, it is true, is neither brilliant nor startling, but it 
is worth more to the possessor than all the honors that riches 
could bring. 



Those who serve you because they love you, will exact no 
return. Those who serve you from self interest, will exact both 
principal and interest. 



— ^ 





168 



JTJYBNILE UsTSTBTJOTOB. 




all hail iyrz: sabbath: school mates 



WoRPS BT Wjf. WlLLES 

Moderate- Duet for 1st & 2nd Treble 

DUET 
& 



[Tune— God Bless the Prince of Wales.] 



Music Arranged et Prof. C. J. Thomas. 



CHORT'S -^j 




All 



hail my Sabbath 



f ^ 1 i 

School mates up - on this festive day we 



all have met in 




z*k * ' if — »— * — L -- — - — »■ 




with 



^S^ 




T^~p- 



spirits blithe and gay; Our teachers will have train' d us with 



diligance and 



-»- — a F 



zeal, iu 



i ^ i 

doctrines and in 



^^= 



du - ties how 







happy we all 

S3 



feel. 



-* — *- 






school - mates up - on this festive 

-I "I*" -, r*H*— f*— #~ 



day, we 



all 



have met in 



gi^ii^i^l 



_^2 r 



?=^= 



^lrff=r±f: 



3t=! 



trrat 



i^ 



gay. 



-r^- 



=p^ 



■With thanks we do remember the time we've spent in school, 

Our gratitude we render; our happiness is full: 

We pray that we may ever the ways of life pursue, 

From truth may we never sever, and keep the prize in view. 



Let those who are now strangers to all the joys we feel 
Enrol theniBelves as teachers and strive for Zion's weal ; 
Withhold not your assistance, your help we surely need, 
O make no more excuses, and Heaven will bless the deed. 




THIE FIRST SUIT. 

Put away the idle dresses — 

Mamma's boy is four years old ; 
Spare awhile the silken tresses, 

Shining in the sun like gold • 
For, though papa seems to fear it, 

None a little girl will see 
In the sturdy form of trowsers 

Ending at the dimpled knee. 

From the cap, with waving feather, 

To the snug and shapely boot, 
Copper-toed fur stormy weather, 

Perfect in the boyish suit; 
Belt and buttons, cuffs and collar, 

All as neat as neat can be; 
And the erownim: pride the trowsers 

Coming to the dimpled knee. 

All ! my boy, the honec is ringing 

With the shouts of glad surprise. 
And, myself, I feel like singing 

For the beaming of your eyes. 
Wonld that mother's love could follow, 

And her darling ever see 
Just as happy as this birthday. 

With the trowsers at the knee ! 

Off to play, so quick, so eager, 
How he feels the thrill within 



Of the restless, boyish nature — 

He to all mankind akin ! 
Four I with that contempt he gazes 

On the girlish robe of three! 
One would think he'd long been wearing 

Little trowsers to the knee. 

Go, my boy I all angels watch you 

In the gladness of your day ! 
Clouds will come and rain and sorrow, 

But they still arc far away. 
We will chill with no forebodings, 

Yet I'll pray on bended knee, 
Whersoe'er he drifts, my Father, 

Let him not go far from Thee ! 



iTTTVEIDTIIjE IITSTRUOTOR 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CECRCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

X3T Grain brought to this elty for the Juvenile Instructor will 
bo received at the office of paper— Deseret News Buildings. 





168 



J- XT -V JH X<T X L IE I1TSTBTJOTOR. 




ALL HAIL 2s£lT SABBATH SCHOOL MATES 



Words bt W>r. Willes. 

Moderate: Duet for 1st & 2nd Treble. 

DIET 



[Tune— God Bless the Prince of Wales.] 



Music Arranged by Trof. C. J. Thomas. 



ET -£_> 



^ 



CIIORT'S "£7 



3E^^ 



il 



&* 



All 

i 



-+■ 






-t 

hail njy Sabbath 
. f 1. j» 



iSEf 



^ 



^z=5=ji 



i • i i 

School mates up - on this festive day, we 

h — i- 



^*S 



all have met in 



mm 



t~ 



^Ettt 



~N ': — •- 



with 



feS 



S 



:ps=*r 



spirits blithe and gay; Our teachers will have train' d us with 



tE£E*E?=\ 



dilig3nce and 



-w- — i 1 ■ — m 



i „ i 

doctrines and in 



afcsfc 




du - ties how 



9- * ■» * 

happy we all feel. 

IS i 



— 






All hail mv Sabbath 




school - mates up - on this festive 

- F "T~ .—.0^m—0 — 0- 



=^= 



I 



I 






EE£ 



3fE 



t=t= 



: 



day, we all have met in 



p^ 1 



^ 



spirits blithe and 



gay. 



i^ 



^ 



4=21 



With thanks we do remember the time we've spent in school, 

Our gratitude we render; our happiness is full: 

We pray that wc may ever the ways of life, pursue, 

From truth may we never sever, and keep the prize in view. 



Let those who are now strangers to all the joys wc feel 
Enrol themselves as teachers and strive for Ziou's weal; 
Withhold not your assistance, your help we surely need, 
O make no more excuses, and Heaven will bless the deed. 



& 



THE FIRST SUIT. 

Put away the idle dresses — 

Mamma's boy is four years old ; 
Sparc awhile the silken tresses, 

Shining in the sun like gold -, 
For, though papa seems to fear it, 

None a little girl will see 
In the sturdy form of trowsers 

Ending at the dimpled knee. 

From the cap, with waving feather, 

To the snug and shapely boot, 
Copper-toed for stormy weather, 

Perfect in the boyish suit; 
Belt and buttons, cuffs and collar, 

All as mat as neat can be; 
And the crowning pride the trowsers 

Coming to the dimpled knee. 

Ah ! my boy, the hon6C is ringing 

With the shonta of glad surprise. 
And, myself, I feci like singing 

For the beaming of your eyes. 
Wonld that mother's love could follow, 

And her darling ever see 
Just as happy as this birthday. 

With the trowsers at the knee ! 

Off to play, so quick, so eager, 
How he feels the thrill within 



Of the restless, boyish nature — 

He to all mankind akin! 
Four ! with that contempt he gazes 

On the girlish robe of three! 
One would think he'd long been wearing 

Little trowsers to the knee. 

Go, my boy ! all angels watch you 

In the gladness of your day ! 
Clouds will come and rain and sorrow, 

Hut they still arc far away. 
We will chill witli no forebodings, 

Yet I'll pray on bended knee, 
Whersoe'er he drifts, my Father, 

Let him not go far from Thee ! 



j"irvEnsrii_.E iitstrugtoe/ 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

tW Grain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor will 
be received at the office of paper— Deseret News Buildings. 



f* 



fee 





VOL. S. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1873. 



NO. 22. 



.A. OOTTZNTTIRir SOEInTE IIsT JJ±FJ±2>T. 



THE first glance at the engraving we here pr sent will con- 
vince our readers that the scene is not an American one, 
nor, in fact, one of any of the nations of Europe. The thatched 
houses, the loaded horses aud the appearance and dress of sev- 
eral of the persons in the engraving indicate that the artist has 
intended to represent an eastern scene. In the country districts 
of Japan, and also iu the poorer parts of the large towns of that 
country, such scenes as this can he found, with the exception, 
perhaps, of a slight difference in the dress of several of the 
persons. There is not that variety of style in the dress of the 



and roomy, while others wear them so tight in the legs that they 
fit like a kid glove. Now this latter extreme in dress is never 
reached by the Japanese, for as a people they wear loosely fitting 
garments, generally of silk or cotton. Two of the men in the 
engraving are dressed like gymnasts or acrobats, a style 
unknown in Japan. Japan is comparatively unknown as yet 
to the people of other countries, for the Japanese have chosen 
to be so exclusive that until quite recently there has been very 
little commerce between them and other nations. It is mainly 
owing to the ignorance in regard to the Japanese, that they 





Japanese that is to be seen in this and many other countries. 
Persons there of a certain grade or class or caste dress almost 
invariably in the same manner. Iu this, as in many other 
things, the customs of the Japanese are very rigid. In this 
country a person in any circumstances may dress in any style 
his fancy may happen to suggest, if his means will only allow 
him to; hence we see some women here dressed as gayly as a 
peacock, while others, though squally able to afford it, dress 
quite plainly. We see some men with pantaloons quite loose 



have been so generally regarded by Christian nations as among 
the lowest of barbarians. Though in many respects thoy dif- 
fer so widely from civilized nations iu their appear- 
ance, habits and customs, there is really much to admire about 
their self-sustaining qualities, their skill, ingenuity, persever- 
ance, contentment and peaceful dispositions. Many of our 
readers will doubtless remember the visit of the Japanese em- 
bassy to Salt Lake City, a year ago last winter. The embassy 
CODSiated of some of the most influential men of Japan, an,j 



^ 



4 



