
gO&INES® TO THE LORD 

ate""' 




XCELl INCE 



"Wit 



xr*- 







H ?lel 



VOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1878. 



BABYLOIT 



NO. 6. 



THE engraving here shown is intended to represent the 
great city of Babylon, one of the wonders of the ancient 
world. It affords no adequate idea, however, of the magnifi- 
cence of that city iu the days of its ancient splendor. 
Herodotus, the ancient historian, gives an account of it 
from which the following facts are principally gleaned: 

"The city of Babylon was square, being a hundred and 
twenty furlongs, that is, fifteen miles, or five leagues, every 
way; aud the whole circuit of it was four hundred and eighty 
furlongs, or twenty leagues. The walls were built with large 



thick nliiiin. u« fl"irl which 



' 




bricks, cemented with bitumen 
rises out of the earth in 
the neighboring country, 
aud which binds stronger 
than mortar, and becomes 
harder than brick itself. 
These walls were eighty 
seven feet thick, and three 
hundred and fifty high. 
Those who mention them 
as only fifty cubits high, 
refer to their condition 
after Darius, son of 
Hystaspes, bad command- 
ed them to be reduced to 
that hight, to punish a 
rebellion of the Babylo- 
nians. 

'The city was encom- 
passed with a vast ditch, 
which was filled with 
water, and the sides of 
which were built up with 
brick-work. The earth 
which was dug out, was used in making brick for the walls of 
the city; so that the depth and width of the ditch may be 
estimated by the extreme bight and thickness of the walls. 
There were a hundred gates to the city, twenty-five on each of 
the four sides. These gates, with their posts, etc., were all 
of brass. Between every two gates were three towers, raised 
ten feet above the walls, where necessary; for the city 
being encompassed in several places with marshes, which 
defended the approach to it, those parts Btood in no need of 
towers. 




"A street corresponded with each gate; so that there were 
fifty streets, which cut one another at right angles, and each 
of which was fifteen miles in length, and one hundred and 
fifty-one feel in width. Four other streets, which had houses 
on one side, and the ramparts on the other, encompassed the 
whole city, and were each of them two hundred feet wide. 
By the streets crossing each other, the whole city was divided 
into six hundred aud seventy six squares, each of which was 
four furlongs and a half ou every side, and two miles and a 
quarter iu circuit. The houses of these squares were three 
ov four stories high, and their fronts were embellished; and the 

_, inner space was filled 

5&\ with courts and gardens. 
"The city was divided 
into two parts by the 
Euphrates, which ran 
from north to south. A 
bridge of admirable struc- 
ture, about a furlong in 
length, and s'xty feet in 
width, formed the com- 
munication across the 
river; and at the two ex- 
tremities of this bridge 
were two palaces on the 
east, and the new palace 
ou the west side of the 
river. The Temple of 
Belus, which stood mar 
the old palace, occupied 
one entire square. The 
city was situated in avast 
plain, the soil of which was 
extremely fat ami fruitful. 
"To people this immense city, Nebuchadnezzar transplanted 
hither an infinite number of captives, from the many nations 
that he subdued. It would appear, however, that the whole 
of it was never inhabited. 

"The famous I 'aiming Gardens, which adorned the palace 
in Babylon, were ranked among the wonders of the world. 
They contained four bundled feet square, aud were composed 
of several large terraces; and the platform of the highest 
terrace was equal in bight to the walls of Babylon, that is, 
three hundred and fifty feet. The assent from tcraace to ter 





62 



J TJ "V IE IN" 1 1_. E IFSTBTJOTOE. 




race was by steps ten feet wide. The whole mass was sup- 
ported by larse vaults, built upon each other, and strengthened 
by a wall twenty-two feet thick. The tops of these arches 
were covered with stones, rushes and bitumen, and plates of 
lead, to prevent leakage. The depth of earth was so great, 
that in it the largest trees might take root. Here was every 
thing that could please the sight; as, large trees, flowers 
plants, and shrubs. Upon the highest terrace was a reservoir, 
supplied with water from the river. 

"The predictions of the prophets against Babylon, gradually 
received their accomplishment. Berosus relates, that Cyrus, 
having taken this city, demolished its walls, lest the inhabit- 
ants should revolt. Darius, son of Hystaspes, destroyed 
the gates, etc. Alexander the Great intended to rebuild it, 
but was prevented by death from accomplishing his design. 
Seleucna Nieator built Selucia on the Tigris, and this city 
insensibly deprived Babylon of its inhabitants. Strabo assures 
us, that under Angus us, Babylon was almost forsaken; and 
that it was no longer any thing more than a great desert. 
St. Jerome relates on the testimony of a monk who dwelt at 
Jerusalem, that in bis time, Babylon and its ancient precincts 
were converted into a great park, in which the kings of Persia 
were accustomed to hunt. 

"A German traveler, named Rauwolf. who in 1574 passed 
through the place where Babylon formerly stood, speaks of 
its rains as follows; 'The village of Elugo now stands where 
Babylon of Chaldea was formerly situated. The harbor is 
distant from it a quarter of a league, and people go on shore 
to proceed by land to the celebrated city of Bagdad, which is 
distant a journey of a day and a half eastward, on the Tigris. 
The soil is so dry and barren that they cannot till it; and so 
naked, that I could scarcely believe, that this powerful city, 
once the most stately and renowned in all the world, and 
situated in the most fruitful country of Shinar, could ever 
have stood in this place. My doubts, however, on this point, 
were removed, by the situation, and by many antiquities of 
great beauty, which are still to be seen, aod particularly by 
the old bridge over the Euphrates, of which some piles and 
arches of brick remain, so strong as to excite admiration. 
The whole front of the village of Elugo is the hill upon which 
the castle stood; and the ruins of its fortifications, though 
demolishe 1 and uninhabited, are still visible. Behind, and at 
a -mall ili-tanee beyond, was the tower of IJabylon, which is 
still to be seen, and is half a league in diameter. It is, how- 
ever, mi ruinous, so low, and so full of venomous creatures, 
which lodge In hulis made by them in the rubbish, that no 
one clarcs approach nearer to it than within half a league, 
except during two months in winter, when these animals never 
their holes. In particular, one sort, which the inhabit- 
ant- of i In- country call eglo, posses a very active poison, ami 
is larger than our lizard,'" 




I5k.ni itsoi Recreation, Recreation is intended to be to 
the mind, as whi tting i- to the scythe, to sharpen the edge of 
it. which otherwise would grow dull and blunt, lie, therefore, 
that spends his whole timein recreation, is everwhetting, never 
mowing; hi- lt;i-s may grow and his -teed starve: as, con- 
trarily. he that always toil- and never recreates, is ever 
mowing, never whetting: laboring much to little purpose. 

As go...l ii . sc '1c- as n Ige. Then only doth the work 

go forward, when the scythe i- -o - •.i-nnably and moderately 
whetted, that it may cut, and so cut that it may have the help 
of -h irpetiing. 



Salt Lake City 

March 7th, 1878. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

It is with pleasure that I gratify an expressed 
desire to give the readers of the Juvenile Instructor a short 
account of ray labors in the intrests of V. M. M. I. Associations 
during the present winter. In company with a companion I 
visited Tooele Stake, as a missionary sent by the Central com- 
mittee, in December last, and held a number of meetings. At 
some of these I was very much pleased to listen to young men 
and boys who arose and bore solemn testimonies to the truth of 
our religion. 

In January I traveled through Box Elder Stake as a repre- 
sentative of the Central Committee and held meeting at every 
settlement. I was often surprised and delighted at the improve- 
ment which had been made in the young men since they had 
joined Improvement Associations. In one settlement we found 
a society of forty-eight members, only two of whom used tobacco i 
and in another place there was one of fifty-nine members, nit 
one of whom used tea, coffee, tobacco or liquor. 

In another Association a young man had been appointed to 
speak on the Word of Wisdom; he had been in the habit of chew- 
ing tobacco freely. On being appointed he arose and said: 

"Brethren I can't Fpeak on the Word of Wisdom with a chew 
of tobacco in my mouth; but I am determined to respond to the 
call, and between now and our next meeting 1 will quit using 
tobacco." 

The young man was as good as his word. 

Many other similar cases of reformation among young men 
came under my observation while traveling ttnough Box Elder 
Stake. 

T returned yesterday from a tour through Bear Lake Stake, 
and take great pleasure in according great credit to the young 
men of that locality. Scores of them have la'.ely "turned over 
new leaves," and seem to be firmly resolved that their reeord for 
the year 1878 shall be a better one than that of past years. In 
one settlement' where in times past, much liquor has been 
drunk, and where rowdyism has prevailed to a great extent, the 
young men, all of whom are members of the Association, have 
unanimously resolved to cease drinking, and for some montlis 
not a drop of liquor is known to have been drunk in the settle- 
ment by the young men. 

Let such examples as the above be followed by all our youth, 
and there would be in these valleys, a generation of young men, 
without a a equal in the world, in respect to purity of character 
aid habits and a regard for the principles of righteousness. 

Mi' return from Bear Lake was by way of Logan Canyon, and 
was rather hazardous. Owing to the great depth of snow in the 
mountains between Cache and Bear Lake Valleys they could not 
be crossed by horses. Alter waiting in Meadowville several 
days for fair weather I started in company with one of the breth- 
ren, who kindly volunteered to conduct me through to Temple 
Mill, near the head of Logan canyon. We provided ourselves 
with snow shoes, ami set out about nine o'clock in the morning. 
The distance to be traveled was twelve miles, about three of 
which we rode in a sleigh. The snow becoming too deep for the 
horses we put on our strange-looking shoes. 

Did you ever see a pair of snow shoes' Those we had were 
made of boards, five inches wide and nine feet long. Think of 
wearing a shoe nine feet long, with the toes turned up like a sled 
runner! A shoe is loosely strapped to each foot and the wearer 
proceeds to -li le them forward, one after the other, with a kind 
of a skating movement. I wondered why they should be 
strapped -o loosely to the feet, but I soon found out, for in deeend- 
ing a slight incline, one of the shoes ran out from under me, 
down the hill. At other times I would plungo down a hill head 
first into the deep snow, leaving my snow shoes a rod or two 
behind, half buried in the snow. 




R> 



JTJTBITILB IUSTRUOTOB 



63 




All this was rare sport, but if my shoes had been firmly strapped 
to my feet my ancles might have been wrenched out of joint in 
falling. 

The snow was fresh, light and sticky, and in the worst possible 
condition for snow-shoe travel, and after a long day's work we 
completed our nine mile on snow shoes late in the evening, arriv- 
ing at Temple Mill in safety, though very much fatigued. 

Hoping the youth of Zion will continue to improve until they 
shall become the purest and most enlightened people on earth, I 
remain. 

Your Brother in- the gospel, 

B. F. Cummings Jr. 



TECS ZPOIE^ZPOISIE 



J^ANY" of our little readers, probably, if asked what kind 
X of an animal was represented in the accompanying 
engraving would answer that it was a fish, as they would also 
if shown the picture of a whale, dolphin, narwhal or other 
similar animal. We must inform them that in thus deciding 
they would be entirely in error. Although in shape they 
somewhat resemble fishes, and are so called by many persons, 
and live in the waters of the ocean as fishes do, they are not 
fishes, they belong to 
that, class of animals call- 
ed "Mammalia." 

Every boy and girl 
knows tnat the cow, 
sheep, dog, rabbit and 
similar animals suckle 
their young, while the 
birds and fishes do not. 
Their young are hatched 
from eggs. This con- 
stitutes a very great dif- 
ference between these 
animals, and by these and 
other differences which 
characterize the various 
animals that inhabit the 
earth and sea, scientific 

men have classified them, or divided them up into various 
classes and orders, giving to each class a name expressive of 
its peculiarity. Thus, all those animals that suckle their 
young, such as the elephant, cow, goat, eat, mouse, etc., are 
classed as "Mammalia," which term is derived from the 
Latin word mamma, meaning "breast." 

It would be well for our little readers to remember this, so 
that when they are told or read thai any animal is a 
"mammal" they may know that it is one that suckles its 
young. 

Now we fancy we see seme of the boys shaking their heads 
dubiously and exclaiming: "What! are we to understand that 
the porpoise and the whale and other similar animals have 
teats and suckle their young?" 

That is really what we wish them to understand. All 
mammalia do not have their teats or "mammae" on the 
same part of the body, as probably all our readers are aware. 
The mare's are hidden from view by her hind legs, the cow's 
are a little farther forward on her body, the pig's, the dog's 
and the cat's are ranged along the sides of the belly and the 
elephant's are between her front legs. In some animals the 
"mamma:" are very highly developed, externally, as with the 
cow; while with others, such as the cetacea (or marine mum- 



but developed 





malia) they are scarcely visible externally, 
only internally. 

Louis Piguier, a French naturalist, gives the following as 
the early experience of the baby whale, which will serve to 
characterize that of all other cetaceans. 

"The males now go in advance to choose the maritime 
creeks in which the females may give birth to their young. 
After having inspected these places, they return. The 
females then come and instal themselves in a well sheltered 
bay, over a deep layer of sand. They bring forth their young 
in the middle of autumn. 

"Scarcely is the young whale born before it turns over and 
swims round its mother. She now places herself on her side 
to suckle it, in such a manner that her teat is on a level with 
the surface of the water. After a great many useless 
attempts, the young one takes the teat between its palate, 
which is not yet armed with perfect whale-bone plates, and 
its tongue, which is already much developed, and sucks in its 
mother's milk. What a nurse, and what a nursling! How 
many quarts of milk does it absorb at each suction? 

But the young whale is soon weaned. At the end of six 
weeks or two months, its whalebone plates have grown, and 

it can catch its own food 
itself in the bosom of its 
great nurse, the ocean! 
Its mother has for it an 
ardent and excessive love. 
She watches over, she 
guides, she defends it; to 
save its live she sacrifices 
her own." 

The Porpoise is one of 
the cetaceans. It is a 
sociable animal, living in 
such numerous troops 
that at times they are 
said to darken the 
face of the water when 
they come to the surface 
to breathe. Their oily, 
blackish bodies can then be seen shining on all sides. 

Porpoises make desperate war on mackerel, herring and 
salmon, particularly the latter. In the middle ages Porpoise 
hunting was of considerable importance to the European 
nations, for its flesh was then much sought after by all classes 
of society. The pursuit of them is still carried on in the 
north, either for their flesh, which is still eaten by the Lap- 
landers and Greenlanders, or for their fat, which is sent 
into Europe. 



Dksui.tory Reading. — Desultory reading is indeed very 
mischievous, by fostering habits of loose, discontinuous 
thought, by turning the memory into a common sewer for rub- 
bish of all sorts to float through, and by relaxing the power of 
attention, which of all our faculties needs most care, and is 
most improved by it. On the other hand, a well regulated 
course of study will no more weaken the mind than hard exer- 
cise will weaken the body, nor will a strong understanding be 
weighed down by knowledge, any more than the oak is by its 



leaves, or than Samson 



sinews 
ling- 



are drained by his 



was by his locks. lie whose 
hair must already be a weak- 




AT3 



64: 



J" TJ "7" IE ICT T 3L £3 HTSTB*CTCTOB 




^uriositie^ in Ifluina^ Jlfooti 



A M N G THE KOMA N S . 



F 



OR example- of the greatest possible extravagance at meals 
and in everything pertaining to them we have only to 
turn to the history of the Romans. In the early ages, we 
find that their diet consisted chiefly of milk and vegetables, 
with a coarse kind of pudding, which served them in lieu 
of bread. It was composed of flour and water, with the 
occasional addition of an egg, and is still in common use among 
the Italian peasantry under the name of "polenta." They 
rarely indulged in meat, and wine was almost unknown to 
them. 

After the commencement of Asiatic corruption, various 
improvements took place in the table furniture and decora- 
tions, and then they ran into extravagance rapidly. 

The wealthy among them seemed to vie with one anothe: 
in the most prodigal expenditure of means, not only for rare 
and curious articles of food, but for tables, couches to recline 
upon, and other articles of furniture, some of which cost 
fabulous prices. They were very fond of splendid tables, for 
the manufacture of which they brought rare kinds of wiod 
from very distant parts. A table of Mauritanian Ptolemee, 
which measured four and a half feet in diameter and three 
inches thick, is said to have sold for its weight in gold. We 
read that in this respect "so madly luxurious was the age, that 
when the men at any time reproached their wives for their 
wantonness in expensiveness, in pearls and other rich trifles, 
ibat they were wont to retort and turn the tables upon their 
husbands, whence the proverb." Thpy were of various forms, 
square, long, oval or like a horse shoe. Some were large, 
others -mall. Some were veneered and inlaid with roots of 
the box and cedrat, ivory, shells, plates of gold, silver, etc., 
and occasionally had gold or silver feet. The halls in which 
they partook of their meals were also frequently of great 
grandeur. They were generally twice as long as broad, and 
situated in the upper part of the house for the sake of pros- 
pect. 

Nero had halls ceiled with ivory plate-, which, turning upon 
swivels, made changing pictures. By pipes, contrived to 
traverse this ceiling, flowers and perfumes were showered 
upon the' guests. The halls of Heliogabalus were hung with 
cloth of gold and silver, enriched with jewels. His beds were 
of massy silver. The mattresses were covered with carpets 
of cloth of gold, Stuffed with hare down or that down which 
is found under the wing- of partridges. The custom of lying 
they took from Asia. The ladies anciently sat. but from 
the time of the Caesars till the year 320 they reclined like the 

men. 'fie- young i pie sat at the end of the bed of their 

nearest relative. \ cloth was suspended over tin- table to 
keep off dust and filth. Bills of fare and cups were distributed 
among the guests a- soon as they were placed. Each visitor 
hroiiL'Mt hi- own Dapkin, which a -lave carried and took back. 

with such choice piece- of the '■ 1 as the master might limey 

and wish to take home with him tied up in it. 

Breakfast with the Romans consisted merely of some triflim.' 
refreshment, eaten separately, at do stated boor. Dinner 
was partaken of at noon, and was generally slight and uncere- 
monious. Supper was the grand and important meal. The 
conches were arranged on three sides of the table if it was 
V Bquare, but if round or oval, one large couch surrounded it in 

k 



the form of a orescent. The sandals were taken off, lest 
they should soil the costly cushions, and the feet were covered 
with slippers, or, not unfrequently, left naked. Water was 
presented to the company to wash the hands, and even the 
feet, before they laid down; and they were then perfumed 
with essences. It was also customary to sprinkle the apart- 
ments with scented waters. 

The guests were placed at the table according to their rank, 
the most distinguished being given the center of the couch. 
Guests were allowed to bring their friends, though uninvited, 
along with them, and they were frequently accompanied by 
some humble dependents, who, however, do not seem to have 
been treated with much respect, and were even distinguished 
by the sneering appellation of "shadows." These, with the 
parasites of the family, also contemptuously nick named "flies," 
from those insects intruding themselves everywhere, and the 
clients, were placed on the lower couch. 

At great entertainments the supper room was hung with 
garlands of flowers and the guests and servants were crowned 
with chaplets. The slaves in attendance were numerous. 
They were employed to wait on the table and ventilate the 
apartment with large fans of feathers. But the most import- 
ant personage of all was the carver, whose duty was, not 
merely the dissection of the joints, but their distribution also; 
which required no small share of discrimination, as the guests 
were treated according to their rank, and those on the lower 
couches did not always partake of the dainties served at the 
upper seats. A distinction was even made between them in 
the quality of the wine, the best sorts of which were seldom 
allowed to reach the lower end of the table, where the inferiors 
were seated. 

The excess to which the Romans went in their entertain- 
ments in the days of their greatest luxury seems almost 
incredible. Earth and seas, as historians tell us, scarcly suf- 
ficed to supply their tables. Viands were <nly esteemed in 
proportion to their cos'. The table of Heliogabalus was regu- 
lauly served with ragouts of the livers and brains of small 
birds, the heads of parrots and pheasants, and the tongues of 
peacocks and nightingales; the carcases were given to the 
beasts in his menagerie. But our astonishment at the 
absurdity of this extravagence in a monarch will be lessened 
if we reflect upon that of the celebrated Apicius and of TEsop, 
the famous tragic actor; the latter of whom served up to his 
guests a dish filled with birds which had each been taught 
either to sing or to speak, and dissolved pearls in the wine 
which his company drank. 

( To be Continued. ) 



FaiGNDS. — l'eople who have warm friends are healthier and 
happier than those who have none. A single real friend is a 
treasure worth more than gold or precious stones. Money can 
buy many things, good and evil. All the wealth of a world 
could not buy a friend or pay you for the loss of one. "I 
have only wanted one thing to make me happy," Ha/.litt 
writes, "but wanting that, have wanted everything. " And 
again, "My heart, shut up in a prison house of this rude clay, 
has never found, nor will it ever find a heart to speak to." 
We are the weakest of spendthrifts if we let one friend drop 
off through inattention, or let one push away another; or if we 
hold aloof from one for petty jealousy or heedless slight or 
roughness. Would you throw away a diamond because it 
pricked you? One good tricud is not to be weighed against 
the jewels of the earth. 





J"TT -V IE IDT I !_, E3 I1TSTRUCTOB 



65 



<f 



<Jha$fer jjaij ilie fjtifle *0neg. 



WHINERS. 



There is one class of per-sons I can 
nev-er like. I call them whin-ers. There 
are lots of whin-ers in the world, boys, 
girls, men and wo- men. Per-haps my 
read-ers know some. 

I know one boy who is a real whin-er. 
He has whined near-ly ev-er since he 
could talk. When his moth-er used to 
ask him to do any-thing, he would make 
a wry face, as if he had some-thing bad in 
his mouth, and whim-per un-til she 
would do it her-self rath-er than ask him 
a-gain. If he wanted any-thing his 
moth-er did not wish to let him have, he 
would whine for it un-til he got it, If he 
was not well he whined so peo-ple might 
think he was much worse and pit-y him. 
Some-times he for-got to whine for a 
lit-tle while, and be-gan to look cheer-ful. 
Then, if his fath-er on-ly asked him to go 
on an er-rand it made him as bad as ev-er. 
His face would puck-er up and look as if 
he had cramp in his stom-ach, or some- 
thing else ver-y pain-ful. He is not a 
bad look-ing boy. That is, he would not 
be if he had not spoiled his looks by 
whin-ing through his nose so much. But 
he has got so used to puck-er-ing up his 
face to whine that he don't know when he 
does it. He nev-er speaks with-out do-ing 
it. His nose and eye-brows are near-ly 
al-ways wrink-led and his face set for a 
whine. If he does not try to be more 
pleas-ant, and stop whin-ing, it will al- 
ways be so. He will look like an old man 
be-fore he is a young one. Poe-ple will 
shun him be-causc of his looks. They will 
not dare to ask him how his health is for 
fear he will de-tain them half an hour 




whin-ing a-bout his dys-pep-sia, or his 
col-ic or sick head-ache. 

How much bet-ter it would be for him 
to be cheer-ful — to smile in-stead of whine. 

He would be more hap-py. He would be 
bet-ter look-ing. And peo-ple would like 
him bet-ter. 

Peo-ple may pity, but they nev-er ad- 
mire whin-ers. The brave, cheer-ful boys 
and girls are al-ways liked best. They 
speak out bold-ly and plain-ly, and nev-er 
look for pity. A beg-gar is the on-ly per- 
son that makes any-thing by whin-ing. 
He gets his liv-ing by al-ways look-ing as 
if he had just come from his moth-er's 
fu-ner-al. If you don't ex-pect to beg for 
your liv-ing you had bet-ter not prac- 
tice it. G. 



-^>*— -O*—**^ 



S TJ Hsr ID _&_ "Y" LESSONS 
FOR LIT1LE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHBT. — LESSON LXX. 



Q. — What was done the day after Brothers Taylor and Bernhi- 
sel had been sent to Carthage to confer with tho governor? 

A. — More papers were sent by the hand of Lucien Wood- 
worth, also another letter to Governor Ford. 

Q. — What request did Joseph again make of the governor in 
this second letter? 

A. — For him to come to Nauvoo and learn from the mayor and 
city council all about the difficulties. 

Q. — Did he come as Joseph wished him'' 

A. — No; but became a friend of the mob and an enemy to the 
Saints. 

Q. — What did the governor then do? 

A. — He sent a letter to the mayor and city council. 

Q. — What did he require of them in his letter? 

A. — He required them to go to Carthage and be tried before a 
magistrate for destroying the press. 

Q — What remark did Joseph make to Stephen Markham 
about this time? 

A.— He said that if he or his brother Hyrum were evor taken 
again they would be killed. 

Q. — Under these trying circumstances what did Joseph make 
up his mind to do? 

A. — To bid adieu to his family and start for the Rocky 
Mountains. 

Q. — When did be leave his family for this purpose? 

A.— On the ovoning of tho 22nd of June. 

O. — Who were with him? 

A. — His brother Hyrum and Dr. Willard Richards. 

Q — While waiting on the bank of the Mississippi river for a 
skill', who did ho send for? 

A. — fie sent for Judgo W. W. Phelps. 

Q. — What instructions did ho give him? 

A —He told him to take their families to Cincinnati. 

Q.— What else did ho tell him? 

A. — Hi' said if things wont wrong they could lind him on tho 
other side of the rivor. 




'IS 



>^ 66 



JTJTEUILB HTSTBTJOTOB. 




^pie |Jtiwmle |[nsfrndoti. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, - EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1878. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





N another page will be found a communi- 
cation on the subject of Improvement 
Associations. In it allusion is made to 
some of the results of such organiza- 
tions, as apparent in a few of the settle- 
ments the writer has visited. We are 
always pleased to see or hear of such 
evidences as these. There is something 
visible and tangible about them that 
is forcible and convincing. It bespeaks 
a plain, definite aim, a resolute purpose. 
These are sensible, practical signs of improve- 
ment, such as the commonest mind can under- 
stand. We doubt whether much if any actual 
provement has been made by the members of 
h associations anywhere without their mani- 
ting such signs. They are the true fruits of 
improvement. 

When we are assured, as we frequently are, that associa- 
tions in different wards and settlements are being made 
very succes-ful, we feel tempted to ask: 
Are the morals of the members improved? 
Do they keep better company? Have they entirely ceased 
to associate with low, dissipated and vicious companions and 
resolved to seek the society of the pure and refined? 

Do they abstain from profanity and from the use of all 
vulgar language? 

Are they any more temperate in their habits? Do they 
refrain from indulging in strong drink or in the use of 
tabaeco? 

Do they evince any more reverence for the Almighty or 
respect for Hi- commandments? 

Arc they any more honest, truthful and frank? 

Are they more res| tful and obedient to their parents 

than they were'.' 1 

Axe they more willing to perform their duties as Saints, 
and carry oat the requirements of the priest hood? 

Have they « 1 1 1 1 r spending their leisure momenta in frivolity 
and learned t'i devote them to profitable study? 

If so, we d 1 ii" further assurance to convince us of the 

-ii -- of the associations, and that great improvement has 

ly been ma le. A correct foundation lias been laid upon 
which we may reasonal ly expect further improvements to be 
built, with some prospect of their being permanent. 

If the -u --. however, merely consists of the members 

having g lined a little practice in public -peaking, in delivering 
declamations or recitations or writing essays— in developing 
the intellectual faculties t>. the neglect of all others, it is not 
much to Ii.- proud of. 
A wi-.- man of old -aid: "The fear of the Lord is the 

beginning of knowledge," and if wc really fear tin: Lord and 

love Hi- law- we will -bow it by refraining from vicious 
miii.' our evil bil.it-, and living iii 
accordance with His commandments. We aie not .-peaking 



disparagingly of intellectual culture, when we say that should 
not be the first consideration. Many persons are highly 
cultivated intellectually and yet very unworthy in other 
respects; in fact, it is no indication of purity or goodness. 
Bat intellectual culture can be pursued much more efficiently 
when it has for its foundation moral and social purity. The 
person who is living in accordance with the laws of health 
and in such a manner as to claim the divine blessing is far 
more likely to succeed in intellectual acquirements than the 
one who disregards all such considerations. What gave 
Daniel of old such prestige in the foreign court to which he 
was taken when a boy? He remembered his early teachings 
and the commandments of the Lord, and resolved not t) 
"defile himself ' by vicious indulgences. And for this, he, 
and his three companions who took the same course, were 
given by God "knowledge and skill in all learning and 
wisdom," so that "in all matters of wisdom and understanding 
that the king inquired of them, he found them ten times 
better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all 
his realm." 

As with the Sunday schools these Mutual Improvement 
Associations are calculated to do a great amount of good if 
properly conducted. Their object is to advance the youthful 
Latter-day Saints, of whom they are composed, morally, 
religiously, intellectually, socially and physically. It is 
expected that through the training the members of these 
organizations shall receive the latent faculties if their minds 
will be developed, that they will be made to think and study, 
and that their energies will be directed in the proper channel. 
One of the first steps to take to accomplish this is to restrain 
themselves from all vicious indulgences, and, by the extent to 
which they succeed in that may be estimated their future 
improvement in other things. 

The Savior taught that men should be known by their 
fruits, an! illustrated it by asking: "Do men gather grapes 
of thorns, or figs of thistles?" 

Lst the members of Improvement Assosiations ask them- 
selves if they exhibit the true fruits of improvement, such as 
we have enumerated. If they do not, they may conclude 
that they have been deceiving themselves by shallow vagaries, 
and that no actual improvement has taken place. It is not 
the amount they are taught in such associations but the 
amount they remember, not what they learn but what they 
put in practice that is going to benefit and improve them. 



Choice of Society;. — Reject the society of the vicious; 
shun the agreeable infidel and the accomplished profligate. 
Lay it down as a faxed rule, that no brilliancy of connection, 
do allurement of rank or fashion, no agrecableness, no wit or 
flattery, shall tempt you to associate with profligate or openly 
irreligious men. .Make this an absolute rule. It is impossible 
not to .-ull'er by its neglect. If you do not fall into their vices, 
your heart will be estranged from the love of God. 



L '-- "i TlME. — The greatest loss of time is delay and 
expectation, whirli depends upon the future. We let go the 
present, which we have in our power, and look forward to 

that which depends U | chance— and so quit a certainty for 

an uncertainty. The ereatest loss of time that I know of is 
to count the hours. What good ci mes of it? Nor can there 
be anj I iti I dotage in the world, than for one to guide and 
direct his course by the sound of a bell, and not by his own 
judgment and discretion. 





z ^Mk 



JTJTBlsriLE IUSTBTJOTOE. 



67 




T ZE3I IE BEAR. 



BY BETFt. 



IN this Territory the Bear is pretty well known. Even the 
formidable "grizzly" is by no means uncommon. The 
Bear represented in the wood cat is that known as the Brown 
Bear. Of the habits of this animal we have abundant oppor- 
tunity of being informed, both in the wild state, as met with 
in the mountains, and in captivity, as seen in our cities and in 
our menageries. 

The Bear here represented is evidently in a contemplative 
mood, the prostrate traveler betrays no sign of life, and the 
Bear, after shaking him 
with his formidable paw, 
seems to have come to 
the conclusion that he is 
dead. So much the bet- 
ter for the fallen traveler. 
We must not expect too 
much from such an ani- 
mal as the Bear, which, 
although remarkable for 
cunning, acts rather fi\,m 
momentary impulse than 
from the exercise of 
reason. 

Four .Bears were at one 
time kept in an inclosure 
in the Stilt Lake City 
menagerie; two of them 
were the brown variety, 
one of them a cinnamon 
and the other a kind of 
half breed. The brown 
Bears were the most 
frolicsome, and the cin- 
namon the most sullen 
and sly; the half breed 
was very unsocial with all 
the others. The brown 
Bears were fond of wres- 
tling; they would stand 
on their hind legs and 
cautiously approach each 
other as if they were 
boxing. Presently they 
would grasp each other, 
and such hugging as was 
seen would give a good 
idea of the utter power- 
lessness of a man in the grasp of a Bear. All of these Bears 
were kept under very strict control by the keeper, who watched 
the movements of the animals whenever the assistant went in 
to clean out the den. It required the greatest watchfulness 
to prevent the brown B-ars, more particularly, from springing 
upon the man. And this did not seem to be from motives of 
ferocity, but from sheer love of the fun of wrestling. The 
keeper was always armed with a heavy hammer, which, how- 
ever, seldom had to be used on either of the Bears for a 
breach of decorum. 

On one occasion the whole of the Bears got out of (he den; 
in some way or other they had burst the door off its hinges. 
The keeper happened to go into the yard and there he saw 




the Bears walking about quite leisurely. There was no fence 
to keep the animals in and prevent them from going abroad 
in the city. The keeper called to several men who were 
working close by to prevent, the Bears from getting away. 
There was no time for reflection; the Bears were out, and they 
had to be got in. The influence of discipline, even upon 
Bears, was soon visible. The keeper, without any instrument 
to defend himself, at once pushed the largest brown Bear 
along the yard, the same as any one might push a sheep 
along. In this way both of the brown Bears were got m 
safely, and guarded there by an attendant at the door. On 
returning into the yard the cinnamon Bear ran away and met a 
camel, or rather a dromedary, which was then kept in the 

yard. The camel drove 
the Bear away by striking 
at him with his uplifted 
foot, and attempted to 
bite him also. Mr. Cin- 
namon was thoroughly 
scared, quite as much so 
as the boy up the tree in 
the engraving appears to 
I be, and he consented 
finally to be driven into 
his pen. To get the half- 
breed Bear in was no 
-joke. He turned towards 
^g: the keeper and showed a 
set of teeth which that 
jS keeper will never forget. 
i=i As to going into the den, 
S he never entertained such 
|F a thought. He had gain- 
ed his liberty, and he was 
determined to keep it. 
But it so happened that 
the door of an out house 
was partly open and the 
grim looking animal push- 
ed his way into it to 
escape from pursuit when 
he was well secured and 
never allowed to get his 
liberty again. 

The brown Bear is an 
attractive animal when 
kept in captivity. Not 
only does he iudulgc in 
boxing, wrestling and 
tumbling, but he is a 
fearless climber. He will 
balance himself on a slender pole, perfectly erect, and turn 
round with as much unconcern as we would do on the ground. 
Bears will even play with one another when at an elevatio'i 
of twenty feet, and try to pull one another down. 

The brown Hear is sometimes used by showmen to travel 
about the streets, and taught to imitate the motion of dancing 
to music, which is generally such as Gnly a liiar 
could be pleased to bear. 

Of the incident illustrated by the picture, let us hope that 
none of our readers may ever be plaoed in such a perilous 
piedioament as tho man there shown, and have to depend 
for their life upon such a subterfuge as feigning death beneath 
the paw of a brown Hear. 




rt> 



J U "V IE IsT I Oli E IITSTRTJCTOB 




iSicgra^lig- 



JOSEPH! SMITH 
HP R O IP HI E T . 



THE 



{Continued.) 




BROTHER George A. Smith started three days after Bro- 
thers Brigham aud Heber— on the 21st of September. 
He left his father, mother, sister and brother sick in a log 
stable, scarcely one of them able to give another a drink of 
water. He went on horseback to the Prophet Joseph's. 
Upon entering the room where his uncle, Joseph Smith, Sen., 
lay sick, the old gentleman, upon seeing him, burst out laugh- 
ing, and exclaimed, "Who has been robbing the burying yard?" 
He was determined to go, and his uncle blessed him, and said 
he should be restored to health, accomplish a great deal of 
good on his mission and return safely home. Brother John 
S. Fulmer gave him a horse. Brother Theodore Turley and 
Reuben Hedlock had a horse and a wagon with which they 
were going to start. Brother George A. traveled with them. 
He was too feeble to ride his own horse, so he rode in the 
wagon, and Brother Hedlock got on his hors '. Brother Turley 
was very sick and lame. He unuertook to drive; but he had not 
driven more than a mile when he tipped the wagon over, and 
it fell on them both. They lay there, too weak to get up, 
until Brother Hedlock took the wagon off them, and helped 
them in again. 

On September l^th, 1839, Presidents Brigham Young and 
Heber C. Kimball started from the latter's house on their 
mis-ion to England. The first day they traveled about four- 
teen miles in a wagon. They stopped at Brother 0. M. Duel's. 
They were very sick and weak, and S^terDuel had to help the 
boy who drove the team lilt their trunks out of the wagon. 
The next day Brother O. M. Duel took them in his wagon to 
Lima settlement. When hi' parted with them, he handed 
them a silver dollar each This was the first donation they 
received. From this place they were carried in a wagon to 
Father Mikesell's, near Quincy. At this town they stopped 
a few days. Their health improved, and they held some 
meetings and preached to the | pie. 

An occurrence happened while they were there, which 
afforded them considerable amusement. They had procured 
a m< 'ling house close to that in which a sect called the Con- 
gregationalists met. These people's priest did not like the 
Latter-day Saints, and he wanted to prevent the people from 
hearing them. So, as Boon as the brethren commenced their 
meetiiiL', he had the bill of his meeting house rung furiously. 
He hoped by doing this to drown the speaker's voice and 
break up the meeting. But he and his party were mistaken. 
John E. Page was preaching at the time, and he had a voice 
that was -trong and loud enough to lie heard above the ring- 
ing "f the bell. Hearing such a clatter, hundreds came to 
the meeting who would not have been there had the bell not 
been run;.'. So the noi-e made by the priest had an entirely 
different effect to what he expected. 

On the 23rd, and while at Quincy, they were joined by 
Brother ( reorge A. Smith and the brethren who were with him. 

From this point he traveled in company with them the 
in «l if the way until they reached England. 

Reaving Quincy, they traveled by wagon, .-topping occasion- 
ally with the Saints for a few days to rest and hold meetings, 



until they arrived at Terre Haute. President Young was so 
sick part of the time that he could not sit up. A bed was 
made in the wagon for him. and in this manner he was 
carried. 

At Terre Haute Presidents Young and Kimball put up at 
Dr. Modisett's. He belonged to the Church; but from his 
description he was not much of a Saint. The other brethren 
put up at a brother's by the name of Milton Stowe, who lived 
in one of the doctor's houses. In the evening after their 
arrival Brother Kimball took sick. The doctor said he could 
give him something that would help him. He did give him 
something; he gave him a table-spoonful of morphine. He 
was so drunk that he did not know what he was doing. His 
wife saw him pour it out. She dared not say anything, 
though she believed it would kill Brother Kimball. And it 
would have killed him, had he not been a servant of God. 
He soon afterwards fell his length on the floor. President 
Young sprang to his assistance, and inquired what the doctor 
had given him. He was then told it was morphine. Brother 
Kimball, when he recovered enough to speak, told them not 
to be frightened, for he was not goiuff to die. President 
Young nursed him through the night. He washed him five 
<imes, and changed his under clothing each time. At first he 
was covered with sweat like thin honey; but toward morning 
his perspiration became more natural. 

God promised His apostles in ancient days that if they who 
believed were to drink any deadly thing it should not hurt 
them. It was the power of God that saved Brother Kim- 
ball's life at that time. The Lord had promised, and He also 
fulfilled. 

{To be Continued.) 



-*$■+— *<i> — *o- 



FACTS ABOUT POTTERY. 



rjlHERE are few arts so universally useful as (he manufacture 
' of pottery. Deprived of it, the nations now most civilized 
could hardly retain their high position, while its introduction 
is generally the first step in a nation's progress from barbarism. 
This art, then, is the most valuable legacy left us by the 
ancient Egyptians, for with them, at the very dawn of 
authentic history, it originated. AVe cannot be certain that 
the earliest specimens of Egyptian ceramic art have been 
found, but those already discovered go back as far as the 
fourth dynasty, which commenced, according to Lepsius, 
3,427 B. 0. This would make it coeval with the building of 
the great pyramids. Bricks cannot have been much used for 
public buildings, as the Egyptian kings possessed extensive 
stone quarries, and the forced labor of prisoners made the 
cost of transportation comparatively light. The bricks used 
were of sun-dried clay mixed with straw. Unbaked clay was 
used for some other purposes, but the baked earthenware is of 
as remote antiquity and more characteristic of Egyptian art. 
The colors employed were a pale red or yellow, a darker red, 
and, for more refined u*es, a still darker and highly polished 
red. By far the most interesting specimens of this early 
period arc, however, of what has been miscalled porcelain, for 
it is very different from the Chinese ware for which this name 
was invented. This Egyptian porcelain was made of fine 
sand, loosely fused together, and covered with a thick silicious 
glaze. The shades of blue so frequently seen in this ware are 
of great beauty, and weie produced by an oxide of copper. 
White, purple, green and yellow porcelain also occur. For 
work of the very finest quality, the figure was first cut in 
steatite, and then covered with a blue glaze. This process 





JXJ-VEITIILjS] I1TSTRUCTOR. 




was admirably adapted to the manufacture of small objects, 
as by it a very brilliant color could be combined with more 
delicate execution than was possible in figures made of por- 
celain alone. The export of Egyptian porcelain figures must 
have been very considerable, if their frequent occurrence in 
the tombs of neighboring countries is any guide. After the 
extinction of their national independence, the pottery of the 
Egyptians was slowly assimilated with that of their Greek and 
Roman masters. At the present day their ancient methods of 
manufacture are preserved on the public buildings and tombs. 

The Chinese have been acquainted with the art of pottery 
over 4,000 years, but it is to the invention of porcelain, 185 B. 
C, that their national reputation in this department is due. 
Chinese porcelain consists of alumina and silex, and the manu- 
facture has reached such perfection, that, although inferior to 
the work of European artists in beauty of design, the quality 
of the material and the gorgeous colors employed are unex- 
celled. The finest porcelain is made in the province of 
Kiang-se. 

Until recently China contained the most wonderful monu- 
ment of ceramic art in the world, the famous Porcelain Tower 
at Nanking. The tower was octagonal, 261 feet high, and 
consisted of nine stories of equal height, covered with a pro- 
jecting roof of green tiles. On the top of the tower was a 
pinnacle, shaped like a pineapple, surmounted by a brass hall 
overlaid with gold. Some of the apartments in the tower 
were richly gilded, and the whole building was decorated in 
the highest style of Chinese art, at a cost of, it has been 
stated, nearly $40,000,000, an almost incredible sum in a 
country where labor is so cheap. It was erected by the 
emperor Yung-Ioh, of the Ming dynasty, to commemorate 
the virtues of his mother. It was blown up by the Tae-ping 
rebels, who committed so many atrocities that this act of 
vandalism was scarcely necessary to perpetuate their fame. 

If the Chinese could be induced to employ machinery, they 
could make further improvements in the manufacture of por- 
celain, and perhaps add considerably to the export demand. 
The univesral attention given to their exhibits at the Centen- 
nial may open their eyes a little to this as well as some other 
points where they have been kept back by national preju- 
dice. 

A3 the oldest known remains of Babylonian and Assyrian 
art are the bricks inscribed with the names, titles and exploits 
of various kijgs, it cannot be shown whether in these coun- 
tries the art pottery was known before a general government 
existed, or whether it was a later discovery. It may have been 
introduced from Egypt, or may have been indigenous, but it 
attained to far greater importance than in that country, as 
cylinders, prisms, and other figures of glazed earthenware 
were covered with extensive historical and legal writings 
We are now pretty well acquainted with the most interesting 
period of Assyrian history, which would have been totally 
lost had it not been for this enduring method of writing. 
Many thousands of inscribed tablets, belonging to the reign of 
one kirjg, Assurbani-pal, have been discovered. He appears 
to have collected a very creditable library on every branch of 
literature then known, and the history of his reign is, for so 
remote a period, very well known, while that of less bookish 
(or brickish) kings has been entirely forgotten. 

The [lottery of some aboriginal races on the American conti- 
nent is of very great interest. Aboriginal pottery has gener- 
ally very little beauty to commend it to our notice, and even 
the Peruvians and Mexicans, the most ingenious and enlight- 
ened of the races on this continent, before the coming of 



Europeans, were not possessed of any process of glazing. 
Some articles of old Pervvian manufacture are, however, well 
modelled and ornamented with brilliant colors. There are still 
exstensive portions of the continent which, if properly 
explored, might be found to contain remains of native art of 
the very highest value. We allude particularly to Yucatan, 
Central America, and the south-western part of the United 
States, which must hav) been at one time the abode of races far 
more advanced than the Indians, and whose antiquities are 
only hist beginning to receive the attention they deserve. 

Selected. 



OUR TJSE^TJL "VCIIN'IEIE^.A.ILjS. 



BY J. L. BARFOOT. 




WITH minerals of utility most of our juvenile readers are 
familiar. Our minerals used for light and heat, and 
those used for domestic purposes, are found here in great 
variety and abundance. Coal is not easily mi.-tiken for any 
other black rock, and where there is any uncertainty it is 
readily settled by burning it. Coal is carbon, and it burns in 
the fire. Anthracite, a hard, glossy, compact substance, 
burns with difficulty; but it combines with oxygen and gives 
out heat. It can be recognized by certain properties. Any 
black rock, which at first sight looks like anthracite coal, can 
soon be tested in a blacksmith's forge, or in a furnace. Black 
shales sometimes look much like coal, but they can be tested 
in the fire. If they contain carbonaceous matter, that is, 
combustible matter, they will reveal the fact by burning, and 
losing weight. If they contain mineral oil they will exhibit 
the phenomenon of flame, according to the quantity and 
quality of the oil they contain. Some shales afford large 
quantities of mineral oil, which, by purification, can be made 
useful for lamps; or the shales may be distilled and gas 
obtained from them for illuminatiug purposes. 

Peat is a substance partly mineialized. In some countries 
it is largely used for fuel. Masses of peat may become coni- 
pict and coal-like after a time, provided they are subjected to 
pressure, and the gases generated in them by decomposition 
are retained. Peat bogs in Ire'and are used as a source of 
fuel. At a great depth the peat is frequently found as com- 
pact as coal of the variety known as lignite. 

Our coal beds are now of great commercial value, and 
several useful kinds of roal are found. 

Another of our useful mineral substances is also easily 
known — that of limestone. If it does not look like lime, by 
burning it, it will be changed into quicklime; it may then be 
sla';ed and thus identified as lime. Some kinds of limestones 
will not make good lime, but they maybe used for making 
hydraulic lime, which has the properly of hardening under 
water. Limestones of this kind are impure; besides lime, 
they contain aluminous or clayey matter. Marble is lime in a 
crystalline form. When pure it will burn into caustic lime. 
Many of our stalactites, substauces found hanging from the 
roofs of caves, are limestone. The tufa-like deposits from 
the waters of our canyons are lime entangled with other 
matter. Some of the beautiful crystals and spars found in 
cavities in our rocks are lime, in which form they are known 
as calcite. This form of crystal is readily distinguished from 
quartz by its relative hardness. Quartz cannot be scratched 
with a knife, calcite can. Chemically, these crystals are 
easily tested by acids; the calcite will be decomposed with 
effervescence, the quartz crystal will not. Marble and lime 





70 



CTTT'VIEIN-IIjIE! UnTSTRUCTOE/. 




stones gen. rally effervesce, also, when acids are applied to 
them; so they may be recognised by two different methods: 
that of fire, by which they lose carbcn and gas and become 
cau-tic lime, and by the use of acid, which decomposes them. 



rauels 




BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



(Continued.) 




AFTER passing through the oft recurring ordeal of unload- 
ing and reloading the wagons, we, in due time left 
Allahabad po=t office for Cawanpore, one hundred and forty 
miles above this point. After leaving the post office our 
journey lay through the native city of Allahabad. As we 
advanced we met a continued stream of travel in the shape 
of loaded haekries, elephants, camels, bullocks, buffaloes, 
asses and herds of milk goats. The hot winds as well as the 
immense throng of travel kept us all the time enveloped in 
clouds of hot konka dust which was injurious to the lungs 
and blinding to the eyes. The camels were generally loaded 
with the rich fabrics and productions of Afghanistan and 
Cashmere, and traveled in single file, the string often reaching 
half a mile in length. The second animal in the lead had a 
hook in its nose with a cord attached to it and fastened to the 
lead camel's tail, and every one in the troop was hitched to 
its file leader in the same manner. About every filth camel 
had a howdah, or something similar to a cot fastened on its 
back on which reclined the driver. When they made camp 
the camels would form a circle and lie down to be unloaded. 
In the morning they would be led to their positions between 
their packs, when they would k'Leel down to receive their 
load-. Many of the poor brutes had sore backs which caused 
them to cry when the ponderous packs were placed upon 
them. When between Allahabad and CawaDpore, we pa=fed 
the seventieth regiment of the queen's troops in camp. The 
English soldiers, with their numerous dusky satellites in their 
picturesque costume, together with the extensive array of 
officers' soldiers' servants' and sutlers' tents, with horses 
picketed in lines, elephants and camels browsing and mingling 
with droves of bullocks, presented an appearance exceedingly 
grotesque. It would be very amusine for the readers of the 
Instructor to witness an Anglo-Indian army on the march 
and in camp, for instance, an army of a thousand fighting 
men will have nearly ten times that number attached to them 
in the shape of camp followers, all drawing their rice and salt 
directly or indirectly from the company. Each officer, on the 
march, has alone a numerous retinue of servants. Each has 
a horse and must have a "syce," or groom, also a grass cutter. 
Every cava'ry soldier, whether Sepoy or European must have 
a grass cutter along. He requires the labor of one nearly a 
whole day to procure forage for one horse, inasmuch as it is 
mostly obtained where there i~ no grass to be seen on the 
surface: but the roots must be cut under the ground and 
washed and prepared for use. If an officer has a vehicle, he 
must have a coachman, or driver. On account of the caste 
of the natives 'of which 1 will write more particularly here- 
after) each will only perform a certain class of labor, that is, 
in accordance with his respective' caste. Each officer has, 
besides the servants already mentioned, a barber, a washer, an 
ironer, a "matey" boy, or servant of all work, a cook and 



"dubash," or agent. If he is a man of a family he is obliged 
to have a retinue of female attendants. The tents of the 
officers are very large, and consequently cumbersome, beiDg 
composed of inside and outside canvas walls, having a space 
of eighteen inches between each to temper the heat. The 
inside of the tents are divided into several apartments, having 
glass doors fitted into the openings. They are furnished with 
a variety of household goods, such as a large bed with mattress, 
pillows, camp stools, folding table, glass shades for candles* 
etc. In addition to this tent furniture he has along several 
dozen bottles of porter, wine, brandy and gin, a crate or hamper 
of live poultry, a milk goat that requires the care of one 
servant, six or eight large trunks containing his table equipage, 
together with his many changes of clothing, averaging about 
twenty suits. If he cannot obtain bullocks to transport this 
vast amount of personal luggage he is obliged to hire coolie s 
to carry it on their backs during the march. This array of 
help costs but little, each servant realizing an average of four 
cents per day, and boarding himself. 

The tents of the private soldiers are also very large, each 
holding about ten men with ease, having double canvas walls 
like the others. Each soldier has two or more servants in the 
shape of a cook and a coolie, or porter, to carry his knapsack 
and extra luggage. They also have extra tents to shelter 
their servants and hold their extra baggage; but these they 
provide at their own expense, which is but trifling. Sepoy 
troops, when on the march, also have a numerous train of 
attendants, for each soldier is accompanied by his whole family, 
who live on the allowance of rice and s'xpence per day received 
from the company. This would seem but a small amount on 
which to support a family; but their wants are few. 

During the period the writer w.as in India, it was astonishing 
to see the amount of nece-saries bought in the bazars for a 
copper "pice," which is a fraction less that a cent. 

The Hindoos have peculiar notions about the preparation 
and eating of their food; hence the civil and millitary authori. 
ties are studiously careful not to interfere in any way with any 
of the religious customs of either Hindoo or Mohammedan. 

Our congress, as well as hosts of government officials, who 
are so blatant in their hypocritical cant about religious liberty, 
could well afford to adopt the examples of the individuals 
referred to. 

The peculiar mode of dieting in Hindostan gives birth to 
an enormous train of sutlers, who follow the army, thus 
swelling its camp followers. They pitch their tents in close 
proximity to the soldiers' cs>mp, who purchase from the 
sutlers curry stuffs, and notions not furnished by the govern- 
ment. On account of the exeesshe heat the troops performed 
their marches in the night, making their camp no later than 
nine o'clock in the morning. About one o'clock in the morn- 
ing the bugle sounds as a signal for the servants to take down 
the tents. All k bustle and confusion. 

The quartermaster with his assistants, cooks and "dubashes" 
are the first to move off to select the place for the next camp 
and prepare breakfast for their respective messes, the mem- 
bers of which arrive in camp hungry and jaded. The camels 
and elephants are loaded with the camp equipage, bullocks 
and haekries are laden with officers' boxes and tents. The 
coolies take up their burdens, the soldiers march off in columns, 
camels, elephants, bullocks, luggage and camp followers fol- 
lowing up in the rear. 

To witness this spectacle in the gray dawn of the morning 
is novel. It appears like the denizens of a city migrating: 
men, women, children, flocks, herds, goods and chatties are 





CTTJ'VEJ^TILE! I1TSTBTJOTOR. 




in a chaos of confusion. The noise of animals' hoofs, the 
sound of human voices, the howling of the jackal and the 
yelping of the village dog all unite in adding to the general 
disorder. 

\To be Continued J 



THE 



GOSPEL HPIRIIN'- 
GIPLES. 



BY DANIEL TYLER. 



■ 



PRIESTHOOD. 

WE have seen the importance of faith, repentance, baptism 
tor the remission of sins, the gift of the Holy Ghost by 
the laying on of hands, and the spiritual gifts. We will next 
proceed to examine the authority by which the gospel was 
preached, and how the Christian church was organized. 

While Jesus was on the earth, all will admit, He was the 
President of the Church He had organized; and after His 
death His Apostles took the lead in all matters pertaining to 
the Church. As that was not a gathering dispensation, it is 
probable there was not any local first presidency organized. 
The Twelve Apostles, with Peter, James and John as the 
foremost, took the lead, Peter being the President. The 
highest office in the Church was that of an Apostle. Jesus, 
the Redeemer of the world, was an Apostle. Paul, in his 
epistle to the Hebrews, says, "Consider the Apostle and High 
Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus." 

We read that Melchisedjk is called a great High Priest, 
and it is probable that Paul alludes to Jesus as the great High 
Priest after the order of Melchisedek. Melchisedek lived 
cotemporary with, or at the same time as, Abraham, and was 
probably Shem, the oldest son of Noah, who lived until one 
hundred and fifty years after Abraham was born, being almost 
a second Adam. He was the oldest living man, and, from the 
blessing given him by his father, must have been the greatest 
and best of his sons. Being the oldest, he also held the 
birthright over all others. Canaan (or the descendants of his 
brother Ham) was to be his servant, and Japheth, the other 
brother, was to dwell in his tents. Or, in other words, be a 
renter or sojourner, having only a temporary residence, while 
the eternal and permanent inheritance was that of Shem. 
He would naturally be the "righteous king," or "king of 
righteousness," which the name Melchisedek signifies, and 
would be the most proper Patriarch to bless Abraham, whose 
father forfeited that right by being a worshiper of idols. If 
this conclusion be correct you can readily see how this man 
could be such a great High Priest, having the presidency over 
all the earth. 

As to the equality of authority among the Apostles, Paul 
said he was the least of all the Apostles; yet there was nothing 
Peter could do but what he could do so far as priesthood went. 

I said that the Apostleship was the highest grade of priest- 
hood. Paul, the Apostle, says: "And God hath set some in 
the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teach- 
ers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, govern- 
ments, diversities of tongues." 

This same Apostle understood that wherever the Church of 
Christ was this same Apostleship should take the lead until 
the Church should all be united and become perfect. He 
says, speaking of Christ: "And he gave some, apostles; and 
some prophets; and some, evangelists; and some pastors and 
teachers; for the perft cting of the saints, for the work of the 
miniftry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: till we all 

5V- 



come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the 
Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the 
stature of the fulness of Christ: that we henceforth be no 
more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every 
wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning crafti- 
ness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive." 

How plain this is! Not only is the Apostleship the first 
office in the Church, but must remain until all Saints are 
united and perfected. In fact, it continues forever, and 
presides in the eternal world, Jesus being in His glorified con- 
dition the "great Apostle and High Priest of our profession." 

Jesus also said, "You twelve shall sit upon twelve thrones, 
judging the twelve tribes of Israel." Again, John saw the 
names of the Twelve Apostles written on the twelve gates of 
the New Jerusalem during the great millennium, thus showing 
that next to Jesus they presided over the holy city. 

It was quite proper, then, that when Joseph Smith orc'ained 
the first Apostles in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, he should reprove Elders who took him to task for 
not first ordaining them High Priests. He supposed that 
"Elders in Israel" ought to understand so plain a proposition 
of scripture as that the Apostleship embraced every other 
authoriiy of the Chutch. 

The Shepherd Dog. — A traveler in Southern California 
gives the following account of the famous sheep dogs used 
there, and of the manner in which they are trained. He 
writes: — 

"You may go over the plaius and hills there for miles and 
see thousands of sheep, but not a man to watch them. 
Around each flock or band of say a thousand sheep are half 
a dozen dogs of a peculiar breed— dogs whosj progenitors 
were imported from the sheep pastures of the old world. 
These dogs take the entire care of the sheep, drive them out 
to pasture in the morning, keep them from straying during 
the day, and bring them home at night. These dogs have 
inherited a talent for keeping sheep, but the shepherds do n(t 
depend wholly on that. They cultivate it in this way — so at 
least the old shepherd says: When a lamb is born it is taken 
away from the mother sheep before she has seen it, and a 
puppy put in its place. The sheep suckles the puppy and 
learns to love it. When the pupny grows old enough to eat 
meat, it is fed in the morning and sent out with the sheep. 
It stays with them because it is accustomed to be with its 
mother, but it cannot feed with them. As they get full the 
dog gets hungry. At length, impatient to return where it 
hopes to get another piece of meat, it begins to tease and 
worry its mother, and finally starts her toward home: the 
other sheep follow, and thus the whole flock is brought in. 
If the dog brings the sheep in too soon, or comes home 
without them, he gets no supper or is punished in some way. 
Hence he soon learns when to come, and to see to it that 
none of his charges are left behind." 



Ice did not become an article of commerce until the present 
century; but already, in the Coifed States alone, $30,000,000 
are invested in the business of gathering and selling it. Large 
shipments of ice are made to South America and Asia, the 
European nations supplying themselves with ice from Norway. 
There has been a remarkable increase in the use of the article 
in the United States sinco 1845, when only 50,000 tons of it 
were used. In the year 1870 the consumers bought 2,500,000 
tons, and probably 5,000,000 were cut. 





J- U "V IE 3ST X L IE IITSTBTJCTOE/ 




J" OS Em SMITH'S! IF 1 1 IR, S T PRAYER. 

Music by A. C. (3. 



Words by Geo. Manwaring. 



mf. 



Tenor. 



Treble 
Alto. 



Bass. 



EEE5 






/ 



mf. 



:p= 



-P=(5===p=g=: 



-trr-i- 









mf. 



f 



mm?M^^M:iMI=j=Mi 



itr-:t 






mf. 



Oh how 
mf. 
> — fr - 



; =F=^ fc =r==- 



:flr-— » 



love-ly was the morning — Eadiant bearu'd the sun a 

/ 



:=r=r=rqp 

:r*=:p— P: 



bove, 



Bees were 
mf. 



-i ' p — s- — p-[~i r~ — ^ [: d===- p -=r : Prri :*=r::] 



m/ 



m/. 



"if 



P. 



:z=l: 



T 



hummine, sweet birds singing 



is: 



t»/. 



55rd^=r1=3^r-rqTa— i»=zr*_— q5 






id. Joseph 
I 

-5— »^z»_ J 



■d r*zrsrEZiryzf -E-ff:z=lzgr2 

S— 1 o — m <m—--m-\—'m—m- m -*Z 

— tj — &-<-- 1 p ir« — \ "~™ — — J -«-^— — 0— » 

Music ringing through th^grove — When,with-in the shady woodland. Joseph 
mf. p mf. 



2 



in— «rr:pr:rp::p-=rp-p 

-I J-O 10-^-0 — l-w- k9 10 — 

' k>» i^ bo IP fc» U« 

Bass to be sung sct'lly 






-I — 



-p- 



1 






: ^==?=; 






?«/". 




:=£2— 



*^=»; 



p=s=* 



>— 



« 01 f 1 

I I .-»- I 
; the God of love. When with - in the shady woodland Joseph sought the God of love 



i q ^ |> ^ 



-^. 






mf. 

♦- 0- 

P P P *» 



::4=q— ^= 



L* 



^zz3=3 



r— i 1 -Hit— t:=t— fzd- 

3-0 10 |0 ' 



=3~ 



Humbly kneeling, sweet appealing— 
'T\v:. first uttered prayer— 

' v i be powers of sin assailing 
Filled the soul with deep despair; 

ndaunted still, be tru I I 
la Iih heavenly Patl 



Suddenly a light descended, 
Brighter far than noonday sun, 

And a .shining glorious pillar 
O'er him fell, around him shone, 

While appeared two heavenly being 
God the Father and tho Son. 



"Joseph, this is my beloved ! 

Hear Him!" Oh! how sweet the wordl 
Joseph's humble prayer was answered, 

And he listened to tho Lord. 
Oh! what rapture filled his bosom, 

For he saw the living God. 



SGRIPTXJJRAL EZbTIGKjVE^.. 



Kind fir-t a father's name H hose failing powers his son deceived: 
Then name that father's mother, who the promised heir received; 
ither who in grief her son from home must send; 
Her husband's father next appears, God's chosen faithful friend; 
Then find an only brother'? name, who sought hi- brother's life; 
And, hit, a woman, who, unloved, became that brother's wife; 

Nov.- who was he that with all these relationship could claim? 

The initial letters of their names combined will give his name; 

The father, grandfather, tl grandmother, and wife; 

The brother— all are his, who gave a mighty nation life. 



The answer to the Scriptural Enigma published in 
< !arm hi.. Tho words 

C-alvary Luke xxiii. 33. 

A-rarat (; en . v j;j_ | 

Rephidim Exod. xvii. 1. 

M-oriah - (; f . n . xxii. 2-18. 

E-bal ------- Deut. xxvii. 18. 

L-bebanon ------ i Kings v. 6. 



No. I 



We have received correct solutions from John Walton, Isabella 
Walton, Mill Creek: Joseph Irwin, H. J. Wallace, W. R. Wal- 
lace, Salt Lake City. 



J"XrV"E3STII_ J E] IlTSTE/UCTOPi 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FrFTEENTlt OP EVERY MONTH. 



GiiORGE Q. CANNON, ------ EDIT03. 




TERMS IX ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

j£3-Officc, South Temple Street, One Clock West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 




