T h: E 



JUVENILE 



^ 



INSTKFCTOK, 



Ad Iltetralel Paper, Putillsliej every alternate Satoriay. 



D!ESIGNED1EZPRESSL7 FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUTH. 



HOLINESS TO THE LORD. 




^ut with all thy getting get understanding. — BOLOJvIOJT. 
There is no excellence without labor. 



ELDEI^ G-EOI^OEl Q,. OJ^nSTItTOIT, EIDITOI^. 



VOLUME FIVE-FOR THE YEAR 1870. 



aaa o Ji » — ~ - 



Fnblished by QEORGE Q. C ^ N :N" O I^ 
SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH TERRITORY. 



Digitized by tine Internet Arcliive 

in 2011 witli funding from 

Corporation of tine Presiding Bisliop, Tine Cliurcli of Jesus Clirist of Latter-day Saints 



littp://www.arcliive.org/details/juvenileinstruct51geor 



OOItTTEnSTTS, 



-^=»i'®=C* 



Address to Boys, An 85 

Agouti, The 89 

Allegorical, 8 

Alphabet, The 120 

Ancient Rome, 148 

An adventure in Gotham, 171 

Anecdotes of Parrots, Funny 47 

Animal Kingdom, The 24 

Arctic Forlorn Hope, The 94, 102, 109, 

Avalanche, The 140 



Baby's Rights 43 

Baby Boy, 1(30 

Baby's Stocking, The 207 

Basket Maker, The old 16 

Bangkok 33 

Bee Hive, The 99, 111, 117, 

Bit of a Sermon, A 199 

Birthright of Freedom, Our 

Boy, Only a 20 

Brigham Young, 12S 

Butter Lion, The 64 



12o, 134, 152, 184 
15 



Chemistry of Common Things — Potash Salts, 2, 10; 
Sodium-Natrium, 18 ; Calcium-Lime, 26 ; Al- 
himinum-Clay, 34 ; Alum, 42; Ferrium-Iron, 50; 
Wrought Iron, 58; Steel, 00; Copper-Caprium, 
74 ; Gold-Aurum, 82, 90 ; Silver— Argentum; 98 ; 
Lead — Plumbum, 106;;Mercury — Quicksilver, 114; 
Tin— Stannum, 122 ; Corals, 130 ; Corals-Lime- 
stone, 139; Fossils-Petrifactions, 146; Concre- 
tions, 154; Coal, 163; Mineralogy, 175; Quartz 
Flint, 1S3; Silicates, 190; Analysis, 196, 204. 

Chestnutting 148 

Children of the Poor, The 72 

Cossacks, The Don 41 

Counsel for the Young 170 

Curl cut off with an axe, A 207 

Daisies, 96 
Disobedience 32 
Distaff, The 49 
Donkey's Lesson, The 80 
Dog and the Raven, The 85 
Dog, The 169 

Eastern Fountain, An 21 

Eccentric Cat, An 72 

Editorial Thoughts, 4, 12, 20, 28, 36, 44, 60, 68, 76, 84, 

92, 100, 108, 116^ 124, 132, 140, 156, 164, 172, 180, 187, 

195, 203 
Esquimaux and their Houses, The 9 
Elisha Kent Kane, 190, 194 
Emperor Francis, The 119 

Fishing for Pearls, 13 
Francis the Emperor, 119 
Frightened Birds, 104 
Funny anecdotes of Parrots, 47 

Ganges, The River 17 
Gather with care 104 
Gem, A 107 
Generous Turk 115 
Gift of heahng. The 198 

Happy life, 112 

Hedge Hog, The 69 

Hindoo Story, A 206 

Hog and Rattlesnake, The 37 

Honesty is the best policy, 206 



How a fish swims, 95 

How the giant was caught and set to work, 82 

How to be a man, 7 

Hunting at the Cape of Good Hope, 153 

If we can be more blessed, 84 
Iguana, The 81 
Indian Chief's burial, The 104 
In the morning, 00 
Imagination, The force of 50 
Impatient hen. The 56 
Iron Manufacture, 146 

Joseph Smith, The Prophet 6, 14, 21, 30, 38, 46, 55, 62, 
70, 86, 94, 97, 111, 118, 126, 131, 142, 151, 158, 166, 174, 
182, 185, 197, 202. ''-'''-' 
June, 120 
Juvenile Farmers, 57 

Kane, Elisha Kent 190, 194 
Kiajak, The 137 
Kindness, 92 
Kissing tlie Baby, 31 
Kitchen clock. The 207 

Learn a little every day, 58 
Life in a Lapland Village, 205 
Lighthouse, The 47, 51, 59, 67, 74 
Little Folk Song, A 176 
Little Lucy, 26 
Litile People, The 7 
Little Things, 96 
Lost on the Plains, 87 

Make your Mark, 72 

Mary's "minding Baby" Song, 117 

Michael Angelo, 119 

Missionary Sketches, 3, 11, 19, 31, 39, 42, 52, 63, 71, 7«, 

87, 90, 101, 110, 123, 133, 141, 155, 166, 181, 189, 197. 

Money, 160 _ 

Moose or Elk Dear, 107 

Morning, In the 60 

Mother, The 40 

Mount Vilatus, 29 

Now I lay me down to sleep, 96 

Original Poetry — To the Sunbeam, 16, ly. Little 
Lucy, 26. Spring, 64 If we can be more blest, 84. 
A Gem, 107. June, 120. Brigham Young, 128. 
Sunday School Hymn, 136. Song of a Missionary's 
Children, 144. Right and Wrong, 184. . 

Opossums, 161 

Our Menagerie 105, 113, 121 

People of Europe, The 129 

Penny Postage, The 127, 13.5 

Pet of the Household, 168 

Pilot, The 189 

Pizarro and the Peruvians, 165 

Pleasant Amusement, 15 

Potters' Art, The 22, 27, 34 

Piza, 69 

Poetry Original, see Original Poetry, 

Poetry Selected, see Selected Poetry, 

Polar Bear, The 145 



Queen for a day, or the King's favorite, 
Quick Temper, 154 



173 



CHURCH UBRARY 



Ragged Schools, 159, 162, 175 
Kat, The 03 
Reminiscence, A 191 
Rest of the World, The 177 
Rite, 77 

Right and Wrong, 184 
Robin Hood's last shot, 65 

Sacred things not to be trifled with, 79 

Sahara, The 61 

Shore to Shore, From 173 

Sister, The 93 

Song of a missionary's children, 144 

Sphinx, The 1-57 

Storm at Sea, A 73 

Strange School House, A 5 

Struggle for life, A 167 

Sunday School Hymn 136 

Sunbeam, To the 16, 19 

Switzer's Home, The li5 

Selected Poetrv 

The little l'eo"gle, 7 The two Workers, 8 Watch 
^[other, 23 Kissing the Baby, 31 Disobedience, 32 
To-day, 40 The Mother, 40 Baby's Rights, 43 
The Impatient Hen, 56 Learn a little every day, 58 
In the Morning, 60 Spring, 64 Make your Mark, 72 
The Children of the Poor, 72 The Donkey's lesson, 80 
Kindness, 92 Daisies, 96 Little Things, 96 Frightened 
Birds, 104 Gather with care, 104 Happy Life, 112 



Mary's "Minding Baby" sous, 117 The Alphabet, 120 
Chest nutting, 148 Money, 160 Baby Boy, 160 Pet 
of the Household, 168 A little folk song, 170 A 
Reminiscence, 191 A bit of a Sermon, 19U 

Talk with a Lion tamer, A 41 

Tempted, 40 

The whole truth, 192 

Things we should be thankful for, 32 

To-day, 40 

Unwilling Buffalo, The 143 

Vaudois and their persecutions, The 12 
Vulture, The 45 

Walrus. The 141 
Watch Mother, 23 
What can be done, 139 
What's in it? 188 
Whittington and his cat, 1 
Whole truth. The 192 
Winning his plumes, 56 
Wolves, 79, 80 
Wonderful clock, A 103 
Wonderful ^lemories, 52 
W^onders of the deep. The 53 
Workers, The two S 

Young Ladies' column, 119, 123, 138, 150, 160, 163. 



Cxi) II *'>«_A_ 



Vk«H8lJ M3M11HJ 






'ly^ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JiVjSTUARY 8, 1870. 



NO. 1 



■wH:iTTii<ra-T03^T .i^n^i:) hiis 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



HOW enjrprly this hoy i.s listeiiiiia; is seen by the up- 
lifted finger, ami the air of pleasure and rapt atten- 
tion which his face wears! He drinks in the sounds, 
whatever they are, eagerly. In the distance is seen a 
building with a spire, intended, doubtless, to represent 
a church. In that steeple 
there is a chime of bells, 
and those bells, to the ear of 
this boy, have a voice. They 
call him, as he fancies, by 
name, and they tell him a 
wonderful and pleasing stoiy. 
At his feet you see a stick with 
a little bundle on it. He has 
traveled from London; in fact, 
ran away; and, being weary, 
has sat down by the road-side 
to rest himself. While sitting 
there he hears the ringing of 
Bow bells, a church in Lon- 
don. His name is Whitting- 
ton, and these bells, to his 
surprise, seem to say to him: 
"Turn again, Whittiiigton, 
Lord Way or of London." 

The story of Whittington's 
life, as told, may be true, or 
may not be. '1 here was a 
man by the name of Kicburd 
Whittiiigton who was three 
times Lord Mayor of Ijondun. 
He was callctl (Sir liichaid 
Whittiiigton, the King liav- 
ingniade hi ni a knight, which 
gave hiin the title of "8ir." 
Of this there is no doubt; but 
M hether the pojmlar stories 
about his boyhood, and the 
way he obtained the begin- 
ning of his wealth, are true 
or not, has never been ascer- 
tained. We, of course, can- 
not vouch for them. 

It was in t4ie year 13— that Jticliard Whittington was 
born. His birth-place was some distance from London, 
the capital city of England. His parents died when he 
was quite young, and he was left friiMKlless. He li.'ul often 
heard of Luiidon, and its riches. The descriptions which 




the country people and those who had been there gave of 
it, were very attractive to him. They iiiHamed his im- 
agination. He pictured to himself a lovely city, where 
plenty abounded, no hunger, no tliirst, plenty of clothes, 
fine houses and gold and silver in abundance. In his 

simplicity he thought if he 
could only reach London, all 
his troubles would be ended, 
for he could get what he 
wanted. 

It must notbe thought that 
this was a very straftge and 
foolish idea of little Dick 
Whittington's. He was only 
a little boy; and we have seen 
men and women before com- 
ing here, who have had 
almost the same ideas about 
Salt Lake City. "Oh! if we 
could only get to Zion," they 
would say, 'then we would 
be all right." All their trou- 
bles would be over; but, alas! 
for human expectations, they 
would come to Zion, and they 
would find that they had 
deceived themselves, just as 
little Richard Whittington 
(ileceived himsjlf about Lon- 
don. Zion was again on the 
earth, but by corning here 
they were not relieved from 
labor, privation, temiitation 
or the struggles which belong 
to this life. It was Zion; but 
Ihey had to labor and seek 
for the spirit of it and to build 
it up. 

Ill those early days in Kng- 
land tliere were no railroads; 
they had not been invented. 
They traveled and did their 
freighting by wagons. The 
road to London ran through the place where Whittingtoa 
lived, and the wagons going to and from there pas.sed 
freciuently. He watched them, and, finally, got a dianco 
logo to London with one of them. He soon found that 
London was a cold, liard place for a little orphan boy 



.V» 



■k^^tl 






J" TJ ^;r E IN" I L E II^STI?.TJOTOI^ 



'^^^, 






without money, Probably- it was in Loiulou then as it is 
now — there were so many poor boys, besri^ing and almost 
starving to death, that the people did not notice them. 
By chance AVhittington strayed to the liouse of a rich mer- 
chant, and sat upon his steps. He was sitting there when 
the merchant found him. Seeing he was a strange boy, 
and probably struck with his appearance, the merchant 
gave him a home. His duties were to help the cook in the 
kitchen; and he had a sleeping place given him in the 
garret, But he could not sleep with any comfort, the rats 
and mice were so troublesome. They ran over his bed, 
and kept him from sleeping. One day he saw a woman 
passing the house who had a cat to sell. She offered it to 
him for a penny. A penny had been given him for some- 
thing that he had done a short time before, and he gladly 
gave it to her for pussy. Dick made a great pet of his cat. 
He, ijoor fellow, was glad to have something to love, for he 
had a hard time of it in the kitchen. The cook was pas- 
sionate, and banged 'Whittington about, so that the poor 
boy was tired of his life. Pussy rcjiaid Dick for his kind- 
ness to her. She was a deadly foe to the rats and mice, 
and Dick slept in his garret in peace. 

Shortly after Dick bought his cat, the merchant, with 
whom he lived, sent a ship with a cargo of goods to the 
coast of Barbary. Before it sailed he told his servants 
that each of them might send something to trade ofT there, 
and they should have the money that their goods sold for. 
This was too good an opportunity to be lost. Money was 
to be made, and each one sent some article. But poor 
Whittington had no goods to scud. He had nothing but 
his eat, and this, for the want of something lietter, he 
was willing to venture. The cai)tain agieed to take it, 
and do the best he could with it for little Dick. 

The cook still continued her abuse, and Dick thought 
lie could bear it no longer, he did not have his i)et cat, so 
he made up his mind to run away. He had gone some dis- 
tance when he sat down to rest. His re>;tiiig-plai'0 is 
pointed out to this day :ts "Whittington's stone." While 
sitting there he heard Bow bells ringing, and he thought 
they said to him: — 

"Turn again Wbittington, Lord Mayor of Loudon." 
He was so impressed by the imaginary voice of the bells 
that he returned to the merchant's house. 

In the meantime the ship carrying Dick's cat had sped 
on her way to Barbary. When she reached that country 
the king invited the captain to dine with him. Xo sooner 
was the table sjiread with dainties than tn>o|)s of rat« and 
mice rushed on and carried otl' the food. In that country 
these vermin were a great annoyance to the people. They 
could not eat without being troubled by them. The 
captain bethought him of Dick's cat. He told the king 
and (piccn that he ha<l a charming animal on board the 
ship, one that Was very kind and gentle, but a great foe 
to rats anil mice. They besought him to bring it there 
that they might see It. He did so, and pussy plea.sed them 
exceeding y. They gave the <-ip(ain gn-at .stores of wealth 
for the eat, .so tiiat little Dick Whilliiigton's venture, so 
laughed at liy his fellow-servants, jnoved the best invest- 
ment that ioul<l have been made. Tlie captain Wius an 
honest man; he brought buck the gold he had received 
for the cat. When the ship arrived the merchant called 
Whittington into his counting-house, ami showe<l him 
the gold that the captain ha.l brouu'lit back in i)la<e of 
the cat. Dick wxs a sensible little fellow; he <li<l not 
allow thegolil to turn his head; but he took his mjLster's 
counsel about the best manner to invest it. He rose by 
degrees until he became a very great merchant and a very 
rich man, and was three times elected Lord Mayor of 
Loudon. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



■'t 



111^5, 



i^ot^^sh: s^lts. 



T)EFORE we proceed to the consideration of the com- 
-L) bination of Potassium with other bodies, it will be 
well to commit to memory a few rules relating to com- 
binations generally. 

All matter appears to be subject to the influence of two 
forces of an entirely opposite nature, attraction and re- 
pulsion. To give the youthful mind an idea of the nature 
of these two different forces, one may be called an atlec- 
tion for, or attachment to, and the other an aversion or 
dislike to some other thing. Kow we know that when we 
love the society of another we seem to bo drawn towards, 
or attracted by, that individual; and if we dislike another, 
there is an opposite feeling and result. In this respect the 
lowest elements somewhat resemble us with this difl'er- 
ence, — their attractions and repulsions never vary. For 
this reason they are said to be the result of a "law," 
which we must understand as a natural property or quality 
of things. 

First, then, children, let us try to see the reason why — 
the "law" by which — some of the facts familiar to u; are 
lirought about. Potash, as seen in the experiment, was 
made from a metal and water. That is, the metal I'otas- 
sium was placed in water, or upon ice, which is water in 
a solid form. We saw the metal dancing aljout upon the 
water in a burning state, tiny cx|ilosions taking place; 
presently the metal had disappeared. On testing the 
water it was found to possess new properties; on evaporat- 
ing it a solid residnunrwas seen, which, upon examina- 
tion, was found to be An athiH. Now, to get at the 
l)hilosophy of this change, we have to see what materials 
were used to produce this new substance. Let us place them 
in order. Water: What is that? o.Kygen and hydrogen. 
As chemists, and for the sake of brevity and clearness, we 
will put this in symbols: O - H. Then there is the nu'tal 
Potassium, the scientific name of whiidi is '■Kalium,'' its 
symbol K. Well, this is our material to work with. 
Xe.xt let us notice the action of these bodies upon each 
other. Why, the metal seems to be in an e.xtacy of delight, 
so great is the (illrwtiun for that element. ISut why does 
it burn? Water does not burn! And why these little 
explosions? The metal is evidently being consumed as 
any other cf>mbustible body would l)e. O.xygen must be 
there somewhere to sujijiart coin/tustion. Let us look at 
the form'ila, O 2 H plus K: it must be the o.\ygen of the 
water producing o.Kidatlon of the metal, the o.xygen pre- 
frrx, has a greater attraction for the metal than it has 
for the hy<lrogen. This also aeeour.ts for the explosions; 
it is characteristic of hydrogen, when free, to explode in 
the air. But by the formula, there are 2 H, that is, two 
atoms of hydrogen in water, are both set free? Let us .see 
what |)otassa is, the rc-tull of this comldnalioii; O H K, it 
is a "hydrate" (from tin; word hydrogen) of the protoxide 
of potiussium. One atom or eciuivalcnt of the hydrogen 
still remains with the oxygen. It seems, then, that one 
atom of K has tak(ui the place of one atom of 11. Yes, 
children ; chemistry furnishes thousands of instance's 
where new compounds an; formed in this manner by xuh- 
xlUutiii!/ one element for another. This nnnle of com- 
bining Is called "the law of sul)stitulioii." Now read 
this lesson over again, it is a short but useful one; then, 
in the next, we may undel'stand belter the nature of potash 
.salta. Suppose now, as chemists, we reduce all this into 




1^, 






0" TJ ^ E IN" I L El in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



a short comijass by symbolic chemical equations, remem- 
bering, of course, that iu equations it is unilerstooil that 
both sides of an equation are eqiial; then O H H plus K 
equals O H K plus H, wliich we will sim|)lify for the 
youiit^er juveniles as water phis jiolassiuia equals or malves 
potussa plus hijdro(jrn. 



[For the Juvenile Instrucior. 



THE writer will probably never forget liis first attempts 
at speaking in public. While yet a youth he was 
ordained one of the Seventy elders. The quorum of 
which he became a member was organized the day he 
was ordained, and he was selected to be its clerk. At the 
meetings of the quorum it was the custom of those of the 
Presidents who were present to make a few remarks, and 
then the members were called upon to speak. On such 
occasions he would get so nervous that he would have to 
stop writing some time before it came his turn to speak; 
and then, when he did get up, he scarcely knew wliat he 
said, his fright was so great. He constantly suffered from 
this feeling of fear whenever he attempted to speak at 
quorum meetings, or testimony meetings, and, in fact, for 
some time after starting on a preaching mission. There 
w;is one resolve that he made in the beginning, wliich 
he always kept, and which he desires to impress upon 
every boy and girl in Zion. He made up his mind 
that, whenever called upon, he would, with the help 
of the Lord, always ask a blessing, or pray or speak, 
and not try to excuse himself. And he kept this resn.ve. 
No matter how many were present, and how awkward 
and frightened he felt, he has always done what was 
requested of him. But how many times he has seen 
young men and women decline to speak and to pray 
when called upon! He has both pitied aud felt ashamed 
for them. Such persons acquire a habit of ballcing, and 
baJkjj men and women are as bad in their places as balky 
horses are in theirs. 

Many persons think that because they are bashful, and 
are not in the habit of asking a blessing or praying aloud 
that, therefore, they can excuse themselves when called 
upon to do .so. But right-feeling people admire boys 
and girls, young men and young women, who have the 
courage and good manners to comply with a request of 
this kind, even if they should make awkward blunders, 
far more than they would if they refused to do so. What 
is called bashfulness is frequently nothing more than 
pride. Those who are troubled with it are generally 
anxious to appear to advantage; they desire the appro- 
bation of their fellows; and the fear that they will say or 
do something that will not come up to the standard, op- 
presses them and makes them nervous. 

The first time the writer was called upon to speak to a 
mixed congregation of Saints and inquirers he was in the 
company of nine elders. There were only two or three 
of them' who had ever spoken m public; but as he was 
the youngest of the party, and felt that he was but a boy, 
be thought they would all be called upon before him. To 
his surprise, however, the elder who was presiding called 
first upon him. True to his resolve, he arose aud com- 
menced. For two or three, or probably five minutes, he 
did pretty well. Then he got confused, his ideas were 
in a juml)Ie, and he forgot all he ever knew. If the 
bottom had dropped out of his memory, it could not have 
been worse. He sat down, feeling a little ashamed; but 
not discouraged. He was on a mission, and he was deter- 
mined not to back down aud fail. Bu^ it is very mortify- 
ing to get up to speak and then break down. 




After this he took a three weeks' voyage to the country 
to which he was appointed on a mission. After lauding 
he attended a public meeting of strangers who had never 
heard the gospel. It wa; held in a Seamen's Bethel, the 
minister having kindly offered it to the Elders for their 
meeting. One of the Elders spoke on the first principles, 
the writer followed him and liore testimony and made 
some other remarks. He was much frightened and embar- 
rassed; but he spoke at greater length than he did before. 

After this, circumstances required him to go out among 
the people alone. In that country, where they had no 
bells to ring, they called the people together by blowing a 
conch shell. When skillfully blown, one of these can be 
heard at a long distance. As the hour approached for 
meeting, it was customary to commence blowing the shell, 
and then our young missionary would be seized with 
trembling. 1 he feeling of dread was terrible. He had 
been in places of peril where life was in danger; but he 
never felt as he did about preaching. He was alone and a 
stranger, and among a strange people. But he would not 
shrink. He knew that the gospel was true, that he had 
the authority to preach it, that the people had to be 
warned, and, therefore, with all his fear, he could not hold 
his tongue. He felt like Paul did when he said to the 
Corinthians: "Woe unto me if I preach not the gospel." 

About six weeeks after he commenced his ministry 
alone two messengers arrived from a distant town to invite 
him to come there and preach. They had heard about the 
doctrine he taught, and the people he had baptized, aud 
they wanted to learn more about the principles. He re- 
turned with the messengers. A large meeting house was 
obtained in which to preach. It was ciowded, for the peo- 
ple had never heard a sermon from a Latter-day Saint. 
You can imagine how he felt. Here was a people anxious 
to hear, aud yet how weak he was, and how lull of fear 
aud trembling! When he arose to give out the hymn the 
sound of his voice in the large building scared him. Then 
he prayed, and afterwards gave out another hymn. He 
then read a portion of scripture. He had called mightily 
upon God for help. When he commenced to speak the 
Spirit of the Lord rested uj^ou him as it never had done 
before. I'he people had faith, and their hearts were pre- 
l)ared to receive the truth. For upwards of an hour he 
spoke, and he was so carried away in the Spirit that be was 
like a man in a trance. Joy filled his heart aud the hearts 
of the people, 'hey wept like children, and that day was 
the beginning of a good work in that place. 

I shall not attempt to describe to you the gladness that 
our young missionary felt. He had been a slave; but now 
he was free. God had broken the bands of fear, and he 
felt to glorify Him for His goodness. From that day to 
this he never has sufTered from those dreadful feelings 
which oppressed him. Still, there are but few public 
speakers, especially in this Church, who do not have a ner- 
vous feeling when they first arise to speak; and it is fre- 
quently the case that when they feel the most nervous 
they are enabled to speak with the greatest power. They 
feel their own weakness, and they seek unto God for help. 

Many of the readers of the Juvenile Ixstkitctor may 
yet be sent on missions, and the recollection of this sketch 
may help them to persevere. Never decline to ask a bles- 
sing, to pray or to speak when called upon, and God will 
help you to overcome all feelings of fear. 

We" intend to give occasional sketches of this descrip- 
tion for the benefit of our Juveniles. 



Write your name in kindness, love and mercy, on the 
hearts of those you come in contact with, aud you will 
never be forgotten. 



^^■J. 



i,>: 



1^9 



0" TJ ^ E 2Sr I L El IISTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



,^ 



1' 






CEORCE Q. CANNON 


EDITOR. 


SATlllDAY. JANUARY 8, 


18 7 0. 



:e]idxt(d:rxj^x^ tsiotjohits. 




TIMBER one of Volume Five! How 
i|uii.-kly time flies in these biisj- days! It 
iloes not seem to us that four years have 
liassed since we soujiht to fill what we 
i,i'eltwasa void by publishing the Juvenile 
I NSTKlTTOR. Yet it is so; fom- yeais have 
isonc never more to retiu-n. 'Die editor 
and his readers ought to be well awiuainted 
by this time. He feels a strong friendship 
for the Juveniles, stronger than he eoidd 
have liad, he thinks, if he liad not published the 
Ix.STRUCTi )R. How do tliey feel towards it? It 
had its faults; probably no one knows this 
better than the Editor; yet it has had its good 
qualities. There is one thing that can be .-^aid of 
it, — it lias alway.s aim;d to tell the truth. Nothing 
has appeared in its columns that the Editor had reason 
to believe was false. It has been his constant aim to 
make the Juvenile Instructor a paper that could 
))C relied ujion lioth by young and old. This he thinks is a veiy 
important point. 

The Juvenile Instructor could have been published at 
much less expense than it has cost if the Editor had taken a 
different course. He could have published tales and stories 
and selected matter with much less trouble. This kind of 
leading might have suited .some people; but tlie Editor would 
liave felt condemned to have given his reader.s such reading; 
for it was not to make money that the pajior was started. 
Tlie nliject was to instruct the children of this Territory — to 
furnish tlicin with usel'ul knowledge. Anil no on(,', unac- 
(piaintcd with the business, krmws the labor that lias been 
sjient upon this little paper in jireparing the articles which 
it has contained. 

Tlic Kditor receives a nundjcr of children's i)apers anil maga- 
zines p\dilislied in tlie Eastern States. He knows the kind 
of rea<ling tiieri^ is in nearly every paper of the kind iiublished 
in the entire country. But it is a matter of surjirise to him 
how little there is in these pajiers that is really suitable for 
cliildrcn. or that is inoiier reading for them, it is but seldom 
that he can lind anything in them that he thinks is worth re- 
)inlilishiiig. He recollects a beautiful cliild's magazine that 
wa." .started in an Ea.'^teni city about llir time the JrVENILE 
iN.STRrcTou liegan. The paper, the ink aud the cugraviiig.s 
were ver>- fine, anil the articles were generally veiy good. 
But llioiigh that jiajicr is as well printed now as it was in the 
l>egiiining, there is a great change in the character of the read- 
iiiL' it contains. The Editor would as .soon let a (liild read a 
novel iis to read that pajier now; for the .Morics with which 
it> i>ag(^s are filled are not true. They are fiction, and are 
di.-hcd up in an e.veiting style, to please the fancy. Let chil- 
dren have such reading, and it will not be long before the jilaiu 
tnith will not .sati,~fy tliein. Their ajiix'tite will be spoiled 
fur it. and they will grow up novel-readers. This habit of 
novel-reading is ver>' common in these days, and is the can.se 
of iiKiny of the evils which i)revail in the world. 

The world contain-* plenty of truth which the pcojile who 



^'^S^' 



live in it should know; then why spend time in wi'iting and 
reading that which is untrue? It is very foolish to do so, and 
children who read such things grow up with vain and unsound 
ideas, which do them harm and unfit them for the real duties 
of life. It is better for them to read that which is true, even 
if they do not read so much, for tliey make better and more 
useful men and women. 

Whether the contents of the Juvenile Instructor has 
answered the hopes of its friends the Editor must leave them 
to judge. Those who have read it carefully from the begin- 
ning know whether it has been profitable to them. He flat- 
ters himself that they have learned many truths from its page.s, 
and that its four years' teachings have shaped the thoughts 
and directed the minds of the Juveniles of this Territory for 
good. If it has done this, he is .satisfied. He wishes this 
Volume also to pciform its mission of good — to firing light, 
joy and health to the mind of every one who reads it — to 
teach the children the truth, and to inspire them with jiure 
and lofty aims. Should the Instructor receive encourage- 
ment, it may be deemed wisdom at some future time to issue 
it every week; but this will depend on the support it receives. 
The Editor, in the meantime, hopes that eveiy blessing- neces- 
sary for hajipiness may rest upon the Juveniles. 



\I7E desired to commence Volume Five of the Juvenile 
Instructor in type made at-home, and with this hiipe 
have delayed the publication of our first number. But, after 
waiting until the present for the casting machine, which we 
are ha\ing made in New Y'ork, we have concluded to wait no 
longer. We regret the delay, and the more so as the object 
for which we have waited so long is not accomplished. We 
have used such type as we have, and it is our intention to con- 
tinue to issue the numbers as fast as we can until we are able 
to get ihem out at date. 



M.vnnurs. — Young folks should lie mannerly, IIow to 
be so is llie (|Uestioii. Many a good hoy and girl feel that 
they can not heliave to suit themselves in the presence of 
couipaiiy. Tliey ftel timid, hiishfiil, and seU-dislrustfnl 
the luoineiit they are addressed by a stranger, or appear in 
company. There is but one way to get over tliis feeling 
and aoinire graceful and easy manners, that is to do the 
liest they can all the time iit home, as well as aljroad. 
Good manners are not learned from arliitrary tenchings so 
mucli as acquired from habit. Tliey grow upon us by 
use. We must lie courteous, agreealile, civil, Ivind, gentle- 
manly and womanly nt home, and then it will soon 
become a kind of second nature to be so everywhere. A 
coarse, niugli manner at home begets a habit of rough- 
ness, whieli we can not lay off if we try, when we go 
among strangers. The most agreeable jieople we have 
ever linown in company, are tliose that are perfectly 
airreeable at home. Home is tlie school for all the best 
things, especially I'or good manners. 



Home C'hkrruitlnioss. — Many a child goes astray, not 
because there is a want of prayer or virtue at home, Init 
simply because home lacks sunshine. A child incds 
smiles as much as fbnvers need sunlieams. Children look 
little beyond the present moment. If a tiling [ileases they 
are ajit to seek it; if it displeases they are prone to avoid 
it. If liome is the idace where faces arc sour, and words 
harsh, and fault-finding is ever in the a.scendant, they will 
sjieiid as many hours as possible el.sewhere. Let every 
father and mother, then, try to be hajipy. TiCt them talk 
to their cliildreu, especially the little oue.s, in such a way 
as to make them hajijiy. 



iV9 




a"D" "V Ei ]tT I L E3 IITSTI?.TJCTOie/. 






(C-^ 



riL,i 



J^ STK/JLISrO-E SOHIOOXj-HIOTJSE. 



OUR little friends will perceive in a moment tliat our 
picture does not represent a class of students belonging 
to tlie University of Deseret, nor indeed of any school in 
Utah. Wo have no doubt, liowever, but that our boys would 
readily excliange tlie dull, hot school room on a summer 
afternoon, for tlie quiet sliade of some wide sjireadingtree, 
there to dive into tlie mysteries of grammar, or work out 
some difficult sum in arithmetic with the pleasant breeze 
fanning their cheelvs and rustling the leaves overhead. But 
the studious little fellows we see in our picture dwell in a 
land that is afar otr, where the custom is to keep school 
out in the open air. That country is called Turkey and 
the little boys are Turks. We once knew a lady in Europe 
who thought the jH'ople of Turkey must be called Turkeys- 
for she remarked one day: "I have just seen such a gj'und 
sight, the Turkey ambassador riding in his carriage, and 
all the Turkeys walking two liv two." 

But, as we tuld 
you, the people of 
Turkey aie called 
Turks, so it is with 
other nations; thus 
those who come 
from Sweden arc 
called >Swedes;thosc 
from 1) e n m a r k, 
Danes; those from 
Switzerland, Swiss; 
those from Ger- 
many, Germans; 
those from France, 
French; and those 
from Spain, Span 
iards. 

We cap readily 
imagine that these 
little scholars reside 
in Smyrna, Alep- 
po, Damascus or 
some other city of 
Turkey in Asia, 
for tile Sultan, who 
is the King or Em- 
peror of the Turks, 
has large posses- 
sions in i'oth Europe and Asia. Egypt, in Africa, is also tri- 
butary to him. If you will look at tlie map, you will find 
all these countries bordering the eastern portion of the 
Mediterranean sea, you will also see that Jerusalem, Beth- 
lehem, Nazareth and in '.eed nearly all the places mentioned 
in the Old and New Testaments are in the dominions of 
the Sultan of Turkey. The people who now live in the 
laud where Jesus once dwelt, do not believe that he is the 
Savior of manliind, they, however, do esteem him as a 
great prophet, but they do not know that his blood was 
shed for the salvation of the world. These people are cal- 
led Mohammedans, because they believe in a prophet, 
named Mohammed, whom Christians do not believe in. [ 
He was a native of Arabia, and no doubt a very good man, 
and the religion he taught is believed in by millions of 
i:eople; but there is a great difference between being a 
good man aud Ijeing a Prophet cf God. There have been 
thousands of good men who have lived upon the earth, 
who were honest, ,ju"t and uprighl; but they were not 
projjbets of God, for He never called them, nor .sent them 
with a nie-sage to any people. He never spoke to them, 
nor revealed his mind and will to them, nor gave tliem a i 




portion of the Holy Priesthood; indeed they knew nothing 
about the revelations of Heaven, nor the ways of the Lord. 
Perhaps if He had sent an angel to many of them, they 
would not have received his message; but what little they 
did know of the teachings of Heaven that they lived up 
to. Mohammed was a descendent of Abraham, through 
Ishmael, and had doubtless inherited the prophetic gift. 
But we have no reason to believe that he held any of the 
liriesthood, and therefore many of his revelations were wild 
and strange. Yet he performed a wonderful work and 
gathered together a mighty people. He taught one great 
truth to his heathen kinsmen, namely, "there is but one 
God," and he added, "Mohammed is His prophet." When 
he taught this the people amongst whom he dwelt were 
Idolaters anil believed in a vast numiicr of gods. 

It is quite likely that these bo /s are studying the Koran, 
which is the sacred book of the Mohammedans, Just as 

the Bible, the Book 
of Mormon and the 
Book of Doctrine 
and Covenants are 
to us. The good 
boys in Turkey, 
I Persia, Egypt, Bar- 
bary, Arabia, and 
the other countries 
where this book is 
regarded as con- 
taining the word of 
the Lord, leirn a 
great jiortiou of it; 
but if in the Arabic 
it is anything li ke 
the English trans- 
lation we have seen, 
it must be very dry 
work to commit it 
lo memory, and we 
woidd almost as 
soon set aliout learn- 
ing the names of 
the Prince" of Is- 
i.iel in the Book of 
Numln'rs, or the 
other long lists of 
names in the Boolv of (Jhronicles. 

Perhaps, out of curiosity, some of our young folks would 
like to read an extract or two, from this strange book. Hero 
is one, regarding the day of judgment: 

"/■)* the name of the vi ■^t-merrifal Goff. 

"Hatli tliH news of the overwhelinhig dav of jnrltjment 
reached thee? The eoiiiUenarice of some, on tl\nt ilav, shall lie 
east down; laboring anil toiling; they shall be east into si,-iirc^h- 
ing tire to he Ijroileri, tiiey shall he given to ilrink of a hoiliiii^ 
fountain: they shall have no food, Ijut of dry thorns and tliis- 
tl-s; whirh shall not fatten, neither shall they salisfy hnrijrer. 
Bnt the countenances of others, on thai day shall he jovfnl; 
well pleasfd with their past endeavors: they shall benlai-ed in 
a lofty garden, wherein Ihon slialt hear no vam diseonrsf: 
therein shali be a running fonntaiTi: thereiti shall he raised 
beds, and goblets plaeed before thetn, am) on^hions laid in 
order and carpets ready spread ■' - Bnt who'.-oevpr 

shall turn baek. and dishplieve, frod sh.Tll punish him with 
the greater punishment of the life ti eonie." 

Here is another, in which God is represented as sneaking 
of how He formed man: 

"We tVn-inerly created man ofa finer sortof el iv: afterwards 
we plared birn m th« form of seed in a sine rer-i'|)lai^ e. Aher- 
wards ue o.ade thp scid i'0at;nlaled li ood; and we formed ilie 
coaiiidated blood into a [lieceof llesh; then we forne d the piere 
of tlesh ii'lu bones; aud we cloLUud Lhoso bones with llosh: Iheu 







J- TJ "^ E :N- I L IB IIDTST'I^TJOTOI^. 




■we produced tbe same by another creation, wherefore blessed 
be God, the most excellent Creator:" 

To us this seems a very rouud about way of making a 
man. 

One more extract and we have done. It is entitled "the 
declaration of God's unity." 

"In the name of the moat merciful God. Say, God is one God; 
the eternal God, he befjettetU not, neither is he begotten; and 
there is not any one like unto him." 

But enough, our young friends, whose minds are illum- 
inated by tlie light of the gospel, cannot fail to notice tlie 
difference between the doctrines taught in these revela- 
tions of Mohammed and the gospel. 

G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



1= i^ o :f h: E 0? . 



THE 




ENTION was made, in the last num- 
ber of volume four, of letters which 
jiassed between Joseph and Governor 
Ford. A few days before they were 
written Joseph addressed the Nauvoo 
Legion, which was drawn up in the 
street close to liis house. He stood, 
dressed in his full uniform as Ueuten- 
>^'^ ant General, on the top of the frame of 
a buil<llng, so that his voice might be 
lirard by the thousands jjresent. 

.Joseph was a most noble-looking, angelic 
man at ordinary times; liut on tliat occasion 
there wtis a grand dignity in his ajipear- 
/',^. ^->r~V si'icc that was very Impressive. He spoke 
il/7^^ with remarkable power, even for him, whose 
*',(^-0 discoui-ses were always powerful and heart- 
piercing. The vast assemblage listened to his 
words witli brealliless attention. He had them 
under liis control, and tliey were imbued witli 
the same spirit tliat filled him. Had he expressed a wisli 
to meet (lie mob an<l liglit it, tliey would have gone 
witli joy. It is no wonder the propliet's words sank 
dec)) into tlieir liearts; It is no wonder that to their sight 
he appeand exceedingly gran<l, or that his words im- 
liressed lliem soticeply. It was the last time, in llie licsh, 
that they were to li.st<'n to the nnisic of his voice, or to 
feel the sjifll of his Inspiration and genius. It was his 
last public discouive! JJtlle did his hearers think that 
il a few short days that godlike form, so jicrfect In Its 
manly beauty, would lie locked in the arms of death, 
and that tliat voice, whose eloipu'nce entranced them, 
v.duld never more be heard from mortal lijis. The great 
love which they bore Idm would have prompted hun- 
dreds, and perhaps thousinds, of those then present, to 
Kladly die for lijm. liiit thougli ho had sjioken for some 
time ))ast in a manner to convey tlie idea that he was 
not to renniin long in their midst, and had often re- 
marked in piililic an<l In j.rivate that the authority and 
Jie burden and n Hpon^lbilily which rested upon him 
he had tiimsferred to the Twelve Apostles, yet none 
scrmcil to realize that the time for his departure from 
tills life wa-j drawing nrar. For some rea.son It seemed 
as though the minds of the peojile were incapable of com- 



prehending such an event. Joseph, and the work of 
God whicli he had establislied, appeared so inseparably 
connected in their minds that they had not conceived it 
possible for that work to progress without him. Hence, 
his words, in reference to his leaving them, were not 
understood and were almost passed unheeded; and another 
consequence was, he was not watched over with that 
vigilance and shielded with that care that he should have 
been. His friends did not perceive this then; but after- 
wards they did, and sorrowed over it. Even in this dis- 
course he had talked about his death as a possible, not 
to say a probable, event. 

An idea had prevailed in some people's minds that if 
the wicked could only gratify their thirst for blood by 
killing Joseph, they would be satisfied, and draw off. 
But he assured Iiis audience that as soon as they had shed 
his blood, they would tliirst for the blood of every man 
in whose heart dwelt a single spark of the spirit of the 
fulness of the gospel. It was not his destruction alone 
they sought, but that of every man and woman who 
dared to believe the doctrines that God had inspired him 
to teach. The subsequent history of this Church shows 
how truly his words on this subject have been fulfllled. 

He alluded to the labor of the Saints in turning the 
bleak and barren prairies and swamps into beautiful 
farms, towns and cities; yet the men who sought the 
Saints' destruction cried "thief," "treason" &e., while at 
the same time they themselves violated the laws, stole 
and plundered from their neighbors, and souglit to des- 
troy the innocent, doing these things to screen themselves 
from tlie just punishment of their crimes. He called God 
and angels and all men to witness that he and the Saints 
were innocent of the charges which were brought against 
them by their enemies, through the public prints. He gave 
a recital of all that had happened, and the cause which had 
led to the excitement that then prevailed. He asked 
the Legion if they would stand by him and sustain, at 
the peril of their lives, the laws of the country and the 
liberties and privileges which his fathers and theirs had 
transmitted unto them, and sealed with their blood. 
One universal response went up from the multitude as- 
sembled, that they would. He then called all men, from 
Maine to the Kocky Mountains, and from Mexico to 
British America, whose hearts tnrilled with horror to 
behold the rights of freemen trampled underfoot, to 
deliver the Latter-day -Saints from the cruel hand of op- 
pression and misrule to which they had long been sub- 
jected. He drew his sword and presented it to Heaven 
saying, "I have unsheathed my sword with a firm and 
unallerable dcterminalion that this peojile shall have 
their legal rights and be protected from mob violence, or 
my blood shall be spilt ujion the ground like water, and 
my body sent to the silent tomb." He said wliile he 
lived he never would tamely submit to the dominion of 
cursed mobocracy; he would welcome death rather than 
endure such ojipression. 

Though we do not see It stated in tbe written rejiortof 
Ills sermon, which was compili'd from memory after liis 
(Uatli, we recollect that he diclaivd that pea(!e should be 
taken fi'om tlu! land, to all of which the people said 
"Amen." 

Two days after making this address, he wrote to John 
Tyler, who was then I'lChident of the United Slates, en- 
clositig copies of aflidavits respecting the tnjubles, and 
asking him whether lie, as President of the United States^ 
woidd render (hat protection which the Constitiflion 
|>rovlded, rnd save the innocent and oppressed from 
horrid jicr.secutiou. 

While Joseph llveil he sjiurcd no jiains to bring the 



^'y 



^:) 



'Q 



.^T^ 



i. 




Cr TJ "V^ E IsT I L E IlNrSTI?.TJGTOI^. 




real situation of the Saints and the perspcutions they had 
eiiduR'd, to the knowledge of the authorities of the land. 
The Lord had commanded His Saints to sue for peace, 
not only to the people who had smitten them, but also 
to all people, and to lift up the ensign of peace and make 
a froelamation for peace to the ends of the earth. This 
Joseph and tlie Saints did. The Lord also commanded 
them to "importune at the feet of the judge, and if he 
heed them not, let them importune at tlie feet of the gov- 
ernor, and if the governor heed them not, let them im- 
portune at the feet of the President." This revelation 
they fulfilled, and the Lord promised that, "if the Presi- 
dent heed them not, then will the Lord arise and go 
forth out of His hiding place, and in His fury vex the 
nation." He and the Saints having done all that they 
could in appealing to judges, governors, and to presidents, 
had of necessity to leave their cause with the Lord. 
{To be continued.) 



HO'Vvr TO BE J^ 1>/LJLl<r. 



NOT long since, a hoy of some seventeen years of age 
called on a merchant doing a large business in New 
York. Being busily employed at the time, the boy had 
to wait a little before getting an opportunity for an inter- 
view. Occasionally the merchant cast a glance at liim as 
he stood respectfully at a short distance. He was rather 
poorly clad, and showed evidences of pretty hard work; 
but his face indicated honesty and common sense, with 
a firm and energetic manliness, under the somewhat rude 
exterior. A practical liusiness man requires but lirief 
examination of a boy to declare as to his weight and 
worth of character. 

When at liberty, the merchant said: 

"Well, my young friend, what can I do for you?" 

"I called, sir," he replied, "to ask you for a situation 
as an engineer. I was told you were having a new engine 
built, and I want you to give me a place. I'd like to run 
it for you?" 

"Are you an engineer?" asked the gentleman. 

"No, sir; but I can be," he answered, setting his lips 
firmly together, standing squarely before the gentleman, 
and looking him full in the face. "I don't understand 
the business well; I know something of it, though. But 
I can be an engineer and I will be. And I wish you 
would give me a ehaace." 

His modest but determined manner pleased the mer- 
chant. He was having a new engine built for a certain 
department of his business and could, of course, have as 
many experienced operators as he desired. It was no 
object for him to take up an unexperienced boy and 
attempt to train him; no object except to help the boy. 
Such deeds he was noted for; a fact which, no doubt, liad 
encouraged the boy to make his application. 

"What are you doing now?" he inquired. 

"Working in a machine-shop, in Brooklyn. I -have 
lieen fireman, and I often worked the engine. I think I 
could get along pretty well with one now, if anybody will 
have a little patience with me." 

"What wages do yon get?" 

"Five dollars a week, sir." 

"What do you do with your money?" 

"Give it to my mother, sir." 

"Give it to your mother! humph! humph! what does 
your mother do with it?" 

'•Well, you see, there is mother, sister and me; and 
mother takes in sewing. But it goes pretty hard, you 
know. They don't give much for sewing, and its pretty 



hard work, too. And then with the other work she has 
to do, you know slie cannot get along very fast at that 
rate, so I help her all I can. If I could get an engineer's 
place, I could get more wages, and it would make it 
easier for mother." 

"How do you spend your evenings?" asked the gentle- 
man. 

I attend the free schools in the Cooper Institute, study- 
ing mechanics," he replied. "I spend all the time I can 
get studying. I know I can be an engineer." 

"Do you ever drink liquor?" 

He looked up with an expression of astonishment on 
his countenance that such a question should be asked, 
but answered firmly: "No, sir." 

"Do you chew, or smoke, or go to the theatre?" 

"Never— can't afford it. Mother needs the money. And 
if she didn't, I could make a better use of it. I'd like to 
have some books if I could only spare the money to get 
them." 

Telling him to call at a ceitain time, when he expected 
his engine would l>e in use, and he would talk further 
with him, he dismissed him. "But, he must have that 
engine," said the merchant to a friend to whom he related 
the circumstance. "He will make a man, that boy will. 
A boy who is determined to do something; who gives his 
mother all of his money to lighten her burdens, who does 
not use tobacco, and does not go to the theatres; who 
spends his evenings in study after working all day,— such 
a boy would make a man, and deserves to be helped. I 
have not told him so, but I shall take him and put him 
under one of my engineers until he is fully capable of 
taking charge, then let him have the engine. He will get 
twenty dollars a week then instead of five, and be able to 
lighten a mother's burdens, have clothes to wear at 
church, and buy books to aid in his business." 

A noble boy, though hidden among hard conditions and 
under unattractive garbs, will work out and show his 
manhood. He may not always find friends to appreciate 
him; but determined, vutuous, and willing to endure, he 
will in time conquer. 



THIE LITTLE I^EQI^XjE. 



Little fresh violets, 

Born in the wild wood; 
Sweetly illustrating 

Innocent childhood; 
Shy as the antelope — 

Brown as a herry- ! 
Free as the mountain air, 

Komping snd merry. 

No grim propriety- 
No interdiction; 

Free as tlte birdlings 
From city restriction! 

Coining the purest blood, 
Strength'ning each nm&cle, 

Donning health's armor 
'Gainst life's coming bustle! 

Dear little innocents! 

Born in the wild wood; 
Oh! that all little ones 

Had such a childhood! 
God's blue spread over Ihem, 

God's green beneath them. 
No sweeter heritage 

Could we bequeath them! 



?T. 



i'-is 



i^^ 

Cv^ 



>jTJ^"^:EnNriLE uststi^tjgtoe 



(pi 




[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



OH dcai-I what a longr word! What 'loes it moan, ami 
what can the young huly in tlie jiifture have to do 
with it?" 

"Perliaps it's her name." 

"Oil, nonsense, we never lieard of a girl heing called 
Allegorical; though we have known a few who bore very 
queer names, but not quite so bad as that." 

"JSow, look at the picture and tell us what you see 
there. A young lady tlo you? Very well; it is not the 
jHirtrait <if any ))articu!ar lady, it may be you or me or any 
oilier girl. Hut ■what else? l.ehind her are some tall 
factory cluTuncys, a building whii-li looks like a mill, a 
large water wheel, <.V:c.; on the grouiul near her feet are 
several ttKils, while she hokls in her hand a shaft with a 
small pinion at one end. 

\'ery good, now what are factories, mills, wheels, and 
tools associated with? With machinery. Yes, and what 
is machinery used for when placed in mills or factories? 
AVhy, to make or manufaclui'e all kinds of goods and a 
host of other things. That's it. Now we can tell you 
tliat the young lady surrounded with mills, factories, 
machinery, hammers, sijuares, &e, &c.^ is an allejorieal 
lijiure reiM'e.-entiiig inuiiui'arliirf. 

I-et u.« now 



turn to our 
dictionary 
and find out 
the meaning 
of Allegori- 
cal, and we 
shall soon 
unders tan d 
how it a]i- 
Jilies to our 
jiictiire. 
Ah! here It 




is, — ^'Allegor- 
ical, in the 
ni a n n e r o f 
all eg cry,— 
figii rati ve, 
describing by 
re so m blan- 
rcs." We 
li ad n o w 
better turn :o 
allegory, to 
unders tan d 
the idea more 

fully. "Al.i.nfioRY, a figurative reprcscntatitm, in which 
tlie words, signs, or forms signify s(miethlng beyond 
their literal and obvious moaiiiDg; a symbolical writing; 
or reiu-esentation; the expression of an idea by means ol 
an image (or picture); a fable; a type." "We have aline 
example o( an allegory in the cigliteenth pfalm, in wiiich 
(Jod's chosen peopli' are re]iresented by a viiu'yard. The 
distinction in r<cripture between a parable and an alle- 
gory, is suiil to be, that a parable is a supposed history, 
and an allegory, a tigurative discription of real fucts." 
Now do you understand how the Jiicture rejiresents manu- 
faetuie? If you do, you will perhaps comprehend when 
you see the like in other books or jdaces that they aii. 
called Allegorical. 

.\ female, oft<-n .sonic goddess of the ancient firceks or 
liomans, is generally used in such pictures as the prinel- 
pal figure. Kor instance, a beautiful young lady with a 
red cap is usually designed to re|)rescnt liberty, some- 
times Columbia, the emblemalleal laily, who rejin sctits the 
Iniidof liberty In whieh we dwell. Another l!i<ly, rallii i 
older, armed with shield, trident and brca.-tplate, with a 
lion crouidiing at her fei-t, usvuilly silting by the seasliorc, 
is called liritljinia, and is unde>r.-.lood to personify or stand 
forCireat Britain. Many of you have seen her form ami 
features on the lialf-penc»- and pence you sjient in other 
days. tSlill another lady, not unlike lirittania in many 
lespects, only not so warlike in appearance, is Helvetia, 
who, standing in the midst of high mountains, typilies 
the mountainous liltlu country of f?wilzerland. ^;omt of 



you have handled centimes and sous with her image 
thereon when you resided in Europe. 

Now if we see a picture of a woman surrounded by 
easels, jiaint-briishes, statues, models, paintings, &c, we 
understand that the iilea of "painting and sculpture," or 
perhaps "art," is intended. Or of another picture of a 
lady reclining in the midst of a medly of organs, guitars, 
drums, violins and Jews'-harps, the idea of music is con- 
veyed. When we see two figures, one with a terrilde 
sad-faced mask in her hand, the other with one that is 
laughing all over, we understand they represent "Tragedy 
and Comedy" or "the drama." And so we might con- 
tinue, but we presume you now understand wliat repre- 
senting any thing Allegorically means, and can tell us 
what the long word at the head of our article has to do 
with Miss Manufacture in our picture. 



8clitcl0& 9mU\\. 






THC-B T^^ATO 'VS;^OI?.ICEK.S. 



Two workers in one tie'd 

Toiled on from day to day, 
Both had the same bard labor. 

Both had the same small pay; 
With the same blue sky above, 

The same green grass below, 
One soul was full of love, 

The other full of woe. 

One leaped up with the lij;ht, 

With ttie soaring of the lark; 
One felt it ever night. 

For liis soul was ever dark; 
One heart was hard as stone, 

One heart was ever gay; 
One worked with many i« groan, 

One whistled all the day. 

One had a flower-clad cot 

Beside a merry mill. 
Wife and cliilclron near the spot 

Made it sweeter, fairer still; 
One a wretehed hovel had. 

Full of discord, dirt and din, 
No wonder he seemed mad, 

Wife and children starved within. 

Still they worked in the same field, 

Toiled on from day to day, 
Both had the same hard lalior, 

Both had th(! same small Jiay; 
But they worked not vvitli one will. 

The reason let me tell — • 
Ln! the one drank at tlie still. 

And the other at the well. 



crxjATEisriXjE i3srs7u'i^xjCTOi?. 

Is )iublished in Salt Lake City, U?«h Territorj, 

p:veuy otiikk satuhd.w. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

tSiut/lc ('"/','/, per Aniiutii S-l 00. 

Single Co/ii/, for Six Monthx I .lo. 

*e- firain hroiifjlit to IIiiB City for (lie .IrVKMl.i'. iNsritli Ton will Ijc 
rioivid lit the uiriic of our piiiHT— Dtsiiiiirr Nfcws licii.i)i.-«i;s. 



."% 



5#^ 









