

aoLmBsa to tmblobd. 



^efoB. 



Q^^^^^-^=- 




VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 2, 1875. 



^0. 2(J. 



OHZIISrESE OXJE'.TOIsdlS, 




IF wc did nnt toll ynu, you would hanlly know what this 
picture re|iroscntcd. It looks like some hideous idol; but 
it is a Mandaviu, a Chinese officer, aud is copied from a Chi- 
nese painting. Probably luany of our juveniles who read the 
Instructor have seen Chinamen. There are a number of 
them living in Salt Lake City at tlio | "^ 

pre.scnt time, and if you saw them you 
would lie sure to ask who they were, 
they arc so different in their dresa, 
and appearance from cither Ameri- 
cans or Indians. Those Chiucsc 
whom wc liave hero in this coun- 
try aud who work at wa.shing anil iron- 
ing, cooking .'nd oii railways grading 
the track for a living, .are of the poor- 
est class. TliCy come to this courury 
to make money and the most of 
them return to their own homes 
when they hive saved enough to 
make them comfortable there. A 
very little money goes a long way in 
China, ami a Chinauian wlm can r(i- 
turn with a thousand or two of dol- 
lars can Hve very o<jmfnrtably all his 
life there upun it, sveryihing is so 
cheap. 

If a (!liinaman knew be were dying 
away from China, he wnnld think it 
a terrible misUirtune if his body could 
uotbe earned back to his native land; 
and every year the bodies of Chinese 
are shipped from San Franci.-co in 
great numbei-s to their native land. 
Lately a Cliinaman died in this city 
and his friends buried him in the 
cemetery. Prc^bably lie was poor and 
did not. leave enough money to pay 

thefreightof his body back to China. I — 

His friends prepared a lot of food and spreail' it amund his 
grave. This is one of their eust«nis. It is a fashion aminig 
the Chinese to have their heads shaved excepting a .small iiart 
of the hair, which they braid into a long tail; and for a 
Chinaman to have this tail cut off is a dreadful loss. In 
their own country they allow this to hang down nearly to 

eir heels; but in California and in tlii^ Tc^rritory they roll 




it uj) and wear it under their hats, because mischievous people 
sometimes jerk it, giving great nain to the wearer and making 
him very angry. It is .said that the Chinese, when conquered 
])y the Tartars, were made by them to wear their hair in this 
fashion a-^ a badore of slavery; but now they wear it in that 
manner for fashion's .sake. 

The Chinese are a very wonderful 
people. They understood the art of 
printing from blocks long before it 
was known in Europe. Also the 
manufacture of gunpowder and the 
manufacture of silk, which was .su- 
perior to any in the known world 
years before it was known in Europe. 
As to painting on porcelain and china, 
no nation can beat them at that even 
at the present time, and our fine 
ware tliat we call cbina is named 
alter that country. It is said that 
among the poorer classes cats, dogs 
and rats are bred for food. The land 
is so populous that nothing is wast- 
ed. A great dainty in ('hina is a rich 
.soup made out of a peculiar kind of 
swallow's nest. You would think 
this a very .strange material out of 
which to make .soup; but Europeans 
and Americans who have eaten it 
declare it excellent. The.se nests are 
made out of sea weeds and fi>h 
bones. 

If any of our readers should visit 

San Francisco they should look into 

the Chinese quarter. They occupy 

entire streets, have a theatre of their 

own, restaurants, great numbers of 

stores, and also Joss-houses, the 

temi>les whore tliey worslnp their 

They are very fond of trading and are great hands at 

They are very industrioiLS and very economical. 

There are exceptions how- 



idols 

a bargain 

and .save most of their earnings 

ever; some of the Chinese are great opium .smokers and some 

of them are exceedingly fond of gaudiling. 

We give you an engraving of a Chinese lady's feet. You 
probably have heard of the small feet of the Chinese ladic; 





230 



J" TJ'V" E H^ Z ^ E in^STIRTJCTOI^. 




They are cramped from the time they are infants until they 
have done growing. This spoils the shape of ihc feet so 
much that they cannot walk with thorn only to fitiuiip about 
like cripples, and if they have to go any distance tine ladies 
have to be carried. It is a mark of gentility to have feet like 
these. Not to be behind hand the gentlemen let their finger 
nads grow as long as ever they will, so that they become regu- 
lar claws. The u'lject of this, of course, is to show that they 
do no sort of handiwork, and they think that it is much to be 
proud of Before a 
lady is married she 
plaits her hair in a 
tail which she pass- 
es under her rig'if 
arm; but when ■ 'i ■ 
becomes a bride. Ii ■ 
hair is twi'^ted u;i l.i- 
to a knot on the tu.. 
of her head They 
are very fond of 
X)ainting their faces 

and in this respect miny of the fishional. 
trv resemble then;. 




A CHINESE l.XBY S 
adii 



FEET. 

s in this coun- 



li! ^,m erica. 



BY G. M. O. 



THE MOUND liUILDERS. 




{Continued.) 

"VfE.VR Chilicotho, Ohio, on the bank of I'aiut Creek, are 
±y csten-ive ancient ruin* located 2.0'i feet above the stream. 
The walls are of ston? laid in mortar, and about one mile in 
extent. Tlie stone~ were taken i;uni the bed ol' the stream 
below. The walls ajipear ti have Ijeen shaken down by an 
earthquake. Four we'.ls were discovered on this stream which 
had bjen dag through solid I'vviter: stone in the bed of the 
creek. When di.scovereJ tliev we;-e covered by stone lids 
about the size of mil!-stoue», and of the same shape, that had 
evidently been w/ought with tools of some hard substance. 
Each of the.se stones had a hole in the >.eutre tour inches in 
diameter. Near Port-mouth are extensive ruined fortifica- 
tion-- with walled roads. At Circleville. Ohio, are remains of 
vast military works; twj of them — me round, the other 
square — are of extraordin.iry size and are laid out with great 
engiuecriug .skill. The circular Ibrt wa- surrounded by two 
walls, twenty feet high and also by a deen ditch. Eiglu gat".- 
ways led into the .spure tort. In (roul of each gateway stood 
a mouuJ forty feet in diameter and four feet high. Near the 
round fort w.i: a mound ninety feet high, overlockiug the 
wbole county. At Njwa;k. Oiiio, very e.\teusive ruined for- 
tifications exist. Thj main work, ol'hor.se-shoe form, is nearly 
two miles in circuit. Several foits. round and square, are in 
its immediate vicinity. One ol' them is surrounded by a wall 
twenty-five I'eet high, on the out.-^ide ol' which i.i a deep ditch, 
and ou the south .~ide of the main work is .a covered roadway 
leading to the cjuntry. Near the village of ;Miami.sburg. .-oulli 
of Dayton, are ancient ruiu^ similar to tlioxj ,it Newark. <Jn 
an elevation 10; I feet above the Onut Minnii rivef is situated 
the largest Uiouud ot the valley. It is )<w iuet in circumfcr- 
eU(X! at the Ui.->e, au.l wa^, wheu first discovered, 07 fe:!t high 



and wholly overgrown by forest trees. Extensive mound forts 
exist on the 3Iuskingum. One of them encloses sixty acres by 
an earth wall sis feet high, by from ten to twenty broad. On 
each side are gateways. Leading from the one next the river 
is a covered way formed by two parallel walls of earth one hun- 
dred and thirty feet distant froiii each other. These walls are 
twenty feet high. Within the enclosur.se is a mound ISO feet 
long. ] .10 leet broad and 9 feet high. In the vicinity of Wheel- 
ing, Virginia, on both sides of the Ohio river are extensive 
fortifications and mounds. What are called the "Orave Creek 
Plats" have been the site of a very ancient city, of what nation 
it is not known. The Great Mound at Grave Creek is one of 
the largest in the Mississippi valley. It is 3.30 feet in circum- 
ferenee and 70 feet high. This mound was opened and explored 
in the year ]s!3,S by ]\lr. A. B. Tomlinson. It contained two 
vaults. In the lower one were found the osseous remains of 
human bodies. One was ornamented with six hundred and 
fifty beads. The upper vault contained but one skeleton. A 
great number of trinkets, among which were 1700 bone beads, 
.500 sea shells,, 150 pieces of mica, 5 copper wrist and arm 
bands, and a flat .stone with engraving upon it were founn. 
This stone was taken to Wa.shington by Dr. Huss in 18(50, but 
thus far they have been unable to decipher the engraved charac- 
tirs. Dr. IMorton, of Philadelphia, has given a full description 
of the skull of the skeleton found in the upper vault. The pos- 
terior portion is strongiy developed, the facial angle being 78°- 
His description classes this skull with the southern type, it 
evidently being not IMont'olian. Kuined works of great mag- 
nitude are found in the State of Georgia. (3n the banks of 
Little Iliver near Wrightsborough are the remains of a eigantic 
pyramid and large town. Near Savannah, among other ruins, 
ia a cocical truncated mound 50 feet in hight and 800 feet in 
circumference at the base. Others of similar character are 
frequent in the States of Georgia, Florida and Alabama. In 
Westmoreland County, Penu., is a remarkable mound from 
which several specimens of art have been taken. One was a 
stone serpent five inches in diameter. Part of the entablature 
of a column carved in the form of diamonds and leaves, also 
an earthen jar or urn containing ashes, were found. At 
Brownsville, in the same State, wore discovered ruins of an 
ancient fortification, circular in form, enclosing tViirteen acres. 
The walls were of earth seven feet high, and within was a 
mound thirty feet high. In New Hampshire, near the town 
of Sanbornton, formerly existed a remarkable work, the walls 
which weie composed for defen.se, were faced with stone, reg- 
ularly laid up outwardly, and filled in with clav, shells and 
gravel. In 3Iontgomery County, New York, are ancient for- 
tifications. Outside of one of these enclosures a number of 
skeletons have been uncovered. A few miles eastward of Buf- 
falo are ancient works. Tradition fixes ujjon this spot as the 
scene of the final and most bloody conflict between the Iroquois 
and the "Gah-Kwas" or Erics. A little distance from the fort 
is a small mound, said to have been regarded with much vener- 
ation by the Indians, as it covered the remains of victims slain 
in some remarkable^ouflict in the olden time. Overlooking 
the town of Auburn, Cayuga County, situated on an eminence 
are circular works of defense. One of the best preseiTcd 
works of defcu.se in the State is found in Oakfield. Genes,see 
County. A mile to the northeast of this work was formerly a 
lartre enclo.sure called "Bone Fort" by the early settlers. In 
Erie County, N. Y., are earth embankments of various dimen- 
sions. A "'bone pit" excavated near one of the forts in that 
couut^, is estimated to have contained four hundred skele- 
tons heaped promiM;uou.sly together. Descriptions of ancient 





Cr TJ AT E IN" I Xj El II:TSTI?>TJOTOI^. 



231 




works, bearing the general cliaracteristics — mounds and fortifi- 
cations or defensive works — might be multiplied. Sufficient 
evidence has been shown that an eminently agricultural popu- 
lation, enjoying a state of society essentially different from 
that of the natives found by the first settlers, at some time of 
the past occupied the fertile valleys of the land. And it is 
abundantly evident that there were large cities at Newark, 
Circleville, Marietta, and at Paint Creek, Ohio: at Grave 
Greek, Virginia, and St, Louis, Missouri. While Joseph Mer- 
rick of Pittsfield, Mass., was levelling some ground near his 
woodshed, on a place called Indian Hill, he discovered a black 
.strap having a loop at each end, when attempting to cut it he 
found it as hard as bone. He succeeded, however in getting it 
open and found it to be made of raw-hide, sewed and made 
water tight with the sinews of some animal. In the fold were 
found four folded pieces of parchment, that contained .some 
kind of handwriting. Curious neighbors coming to see the 
discovery destroyed one of the jiieces. Mr. Merrick sent the 
other three to Cambridge, wnere they were discovered to have 
been written in Hebrew, plain and legible, being the following 
quotations from the Old Testament: Deut. chap. vi.. verses 4 
to '.) inclusive; chap, xi., verses lo to 21 inclusive; and Exodus 
chap, .xiii., ver.ses 11 to If) inclusive, to which the reader can 
re-'er. In Scipio. N, Y., Mr. HaLsted plowed up at difTercnt 
times during his ten years occupancy of a portion of his larni, 
several hundred pounds of brass, which appeared at one time 
to have been formed into various implements, both of hus- 
bandry' and war — helmets and working matei'ials mingled to- 
gether. The finder, as he dl^^covered it liy plowing, carried it 
to Auburn and .sold it by the pound (''Priest's American xVnti- 
quities, page 2oA). The Rev. R. (i. Wilson, of Chilicothe, 
furnished the Ant (puirian Society with the description of a 
mound, destroyed near the center of that town. On a common 
level with the surrounding earth, at the very bottom of the 
mound, a human skeleton, greatly decayed, was found. On 
the breast of this person lay what had been a piece of copper 
in the form of a cross, wliich had become verdigris. A stone 
ornament and several beads, apparently of bone, were found 
with the skeleton. liC.xington, Ky., stands on the site of an 
ancient town. Connected with the antiquities of this place is 
a catacoml) formed in the limestone rock aliout fifteen feet 
below the surface of the earth. In this cave were found hun- 
dred.s of muintnicn^ human bodies preserved by the art of em- 
balrauig to as great a state of perfection as was known among 
the fjgyptians. Unfortunately this di.scovery or these relics of 
the past were destroyed. The descent to this cavern is gradual, 
the hight being seven and the width four feet. Tlie interior 
was .sufliciently large to contain at least two thousand subjects. 

( 7'o he ContinnciJ.) 




CoLi> IN Sl'iTZliKluiKN. — No de,scription can give an ade- 
quate idea of the intense rigor of the .six months' winter of this 
part of the world. Stones crack with the noise of thunder ; in 
a crowded hut the breath of the oceui)ants will fall in flakes 
of .snow; wine and spirits turn to ice; the snow burns like caus- 
tic; if iron tonch the skin it brings the flesh away with it ; the 
soles of your stockings may be burnt ojf your feet before you 
feel the slightest warmth from the fire ; linen taken out of 
lioiling water instantly stiffens to the consistency of a wooden 
board, and heated stones will not prevent the sheets of the bed 
from freezing. If these are the eff"eets of the climate within an 
air-tight, fire-warmed crowded but, what mnst they be among 
the dark, storm-lashed mountain peaks and sides? 



J^nsrOTElSTT j^.E.TS 



IT is a very common idea amon!? people of this generation 
that the ancients were very much behind us in the knowl- 
edge of the arts and sciences and were in a state of great 
ignorance respecting many things with which we are familiar. 
The researches of travelers, however, have brought to light 
many facts connected with the discoveries and progress of the 
ancients, which show plainly that they were not so ignorant as 
might be imagined Many arts with which they were ac- 
quainted were lost after their fall and have been re-discovered 
by the moderns. On this account the moderns have thought 
that they were entirely original with themselves. The ancient 
Assj'rians and Egyptians made wonderful progress in the 
knowledge of the arts. Egyjitian mummies have been found 
whose teeth had been filled with gold as neatly and as scien- 
tifically as if it had been done by a modei-n dentist. Layard, 
the English traveler who explored the ruins of Nineveh, 
found that the people of Nineveh were well acquainted with 
the manufacture of .?cale armor. Each scale was separate and 
from two to three inches in length, with a raised or embossed 
line in the center. This armor was made of copper and of 
iron, nnd of iron inlaid with copper. He also found beautiful 
helmets that could nut be exclled bj' the moderns; also vases 
of alabaster and glass which were of elegant form. He also 
discovered a drain pipe of earthenware, lined and cemented 
with bitumen. Many have .suppo.sed that the arch was un- 
known t(,) the ancients; but Luyard loiuid an arched chamber 
in Nineveh. He also found that they were acquainted with 
the use of the pulley, another invention of which the ancients 
were supposed to be ignorant. His discoveries brought to 
light the fact that the people of Nineveh were skillful in 
carving in ivory and in inlaying, for blue opaque glass and 
other sub-tances of various colors were found .set into ivory 
tablets. Many of the seals which he found gave high evidence 
of their skill in engraving on geurs, many of them being mos'. 
delicately and minutely ornauiented. He found a signet which 
he supposed had belonged to Sennacherib, king of As,sjTia, 
on which was engraved the king himself, .standing in an 
arched frame, before what is supposed to be a symbol of the 
I>eity. There were abso other figures engraved upon it. The 
d.etails of this engraving were so minute that a magnifying 
glass was almost required to perceive them. He found that 
they had understood the art of glass-making to perfection, and 
that they had manufactured and u-^ed gf.ld leaf a.\>() that they 
had plows in those days which resembled very much in shape 
tho.se now in common u,se. They also had pick axes, sledge- 
hammers and saws very similar to those we now use. Among 
other things which he found were two entire glass bowls, the 
date of which, by ihe inscrijnions upon them, were fixed at 
the latter i)art of the seventh century before the Savior; also 
a vase blown in one solid piece, and then shaped and hollowed 
out by a turning machine of which the marks were still plainly 
visible. With the glass bowls he discovered a rock crystal 
lens, with opposite concave and plane faces. This conclusively 
shows that the Assyrians were acquainted with the art of 
making magnifying or burning glasses. The bricks of Nineveh 
were beautifully colored, and the means which were taken to 
color them have always been supposed to be only known to 
the moderns and to have been discovered within recent times. 
It will be interesting to us who use adobes to know that they 
used sun dried brick extensively in the palaces of Nineveh in 
thi.'se early days. He was astonished at finding how well pre- 
served these adobes were and how successfully they had with 





23S 



crTJ^EisrirjE xisrsTTtJJCTO'R 




stood the ravages of time. He discovered in one place a 
vaulted drain or passage built of sundried brick. At the 
largest palace which he discovered he found an inclined or as- 
cending passage, the of wpUs which were built of the finest 
sundried brick, admirably fitted together and still perfectly 
preserved. This inclined way probably led to the upper cham- 
bers of the palace or to the galleries which may have been 
carried around the principal chambers and halls, and his 
opinion was that the ujjper parts of the palace were probably 
built of sundried bricks and wood. 

In digging among the ruins of these ancient cities Layard 
made a curious discoverv — that the historical documents and 
records were kept on tablets and cylinders of baked clay. 
Upon some of them the writing was so minute and the letters 
so clo.se one. to another, that it required considerable experi- 
ence to separate and transcribe them. The characters were 
singularly sharp and well-defined, but so minute in some 
instances as to be almost illegible without a magnifying glass. 
He found some with seals fa.stened to them, which he thought 
might prove to be legal contracts or conveyajices of land. The 
characters appeared to have been formed by very delicate 
instruments before the clay was hardened by fire, and the pro- 
cess of making letters so minute and .so complicated must have 
rcfiuircvl considerable ingenuity and experience. There is a 
trulition in that counry that Scth wrote the history and wis- 
dom of ths ago^ preceding the deluge on burm-d and uiiburned 
bricks and tablets that they might never perish; for if water 
destroyed the unburnt. the burnt would remain; and if fire des- 
troyed the baked tablets those which had not been exposed 
to heat would only become hardened fhercby. I;ayard was 
very much impressed with the ability of the people of 
As.syria to move large ma.sses of stone. He felt certain that 
they must have possessed mechanical means with which to 
accomplish such great results, and that they could not have 
relied upon men alone. He thought there were grounds for 
believing that they were aC(|uainted with inci-hanical contri- 
vances which are either unknown to us or are 1 joked upon as 
modern inventions. 



THiE j^Ti^T OIF :PE.iisr'Pinsrc3-. 



liV R.ii,i,n. 



( Contlmied. ) 




TYi'K.^. 

R().M.\N letter, such as the bci<ly of the T-NSTRrr'niK is printed 
in, has long been held in the highest estimation; .-ind it is 
the established charactJ^r of this country, as it is also of Eng- 
land, France. Spain. Portugal and Italy. In (rcrmany. how- 
ever, as well as its neighbciring states and kingdoms, the 
letters in use are founded on the (iofhic I gi character; but 
even in those nations scientific works in their own language 
are printed in Ilonian letters. The iKitch, hnwever. .idberc 
to the use of black letter, in their books of devoticm and relig- 
ious treatises; while they make use of the Roman in their 
curious and learned works. All printing done prior to 14ii.') was 

dune in black Icttrr I ^ I when characters siimewliat 

improved were introduced at X'enicc Tt was in the ye.-ir \W> 
that the style known as lloman first ajipeared in a volume 
jirinted at Rome, and it was brought nearly to its present state 
of perfection in Italy as early as 1400. "The Roman l(!tters 
consist of circle.s. arcs of circles, and .straight lines, and on 



the score of simplicity, precision and elegance certainly 
deserve to be adopted as the standard for all nations." 

For the invention of IfaJk IttterH the world is indebted to a 
; Tson by the name of Aldus Manutius, a Roman by birth, 
who erected a printing office in Venice in 149G, where he 
introduced Roman types of a neater cut. and gave birth to 
that letter known to nearly all nations by the name of Italic; 
but it is asserted that the Germans called it Cursiv. in order 
to stifle the memory of its original descent, and deprive the 
Romans of the merit due the ingenuity of their countryman. 
In the first place it was called Venetian, but not long after it was 
dedicated to the State of Italy, to prevent any dispute that 
nnght arise from other nations claiming a jjriority. Italic was 
at first used to distinguish parts of a book that might be con- 
sidered not strictly to belong to the body of the work, such as 
prefeoes, introductions, etc., all of which were fordierly printed 
in this letter. It is now u.scd more sparingly, and with good 
effect, as the frequent u.se of Italic words among Roman 
destroys in a great measure the beauty of printing. 

Following are the principal bodies to which printing letters 
are cast in Fnglan<l and America: Diamond. I'earl. Agate. 
Nonpareil. Minion, Brevier, Bourgeois, Long Primer, Small 
Pica, Pica, Kiiglish, Great Primer, Paragon, and Canon; 
which list is greatly added to by doublinc these sizes, as, for 
instance, llouble Pica, Ponble English. Double Great 1 'rimer, 
etc.; besides which a smaller size than I>iamond is now cast, 
called Brilliant, the body of which isone-h;dr the size of Min- 
ion. 'Even this is surpassed in smallness by a music type 
nimad Excolsior. which is just one-half the size of Nonpareil. 
Diamond and Brilliant are very rarely used, however, as Pearl 
is small enough for any e-irthly purposes. 



LEG-J^L .A^ID^^IGE. 



TilF. iinc-ieiit town of Rcnnes, in France, is a place famous 
i'or law. To visit Rennes without getting advice of some 
sort seems iibsurd to the country people round about. It 
happeiie(l one d.iy th;it a farmer named Bernard, having come 
to town on business, bethought him.self that as he had a few 
hours to siiMve it would be well to get the advice of a good 
lawyer. He h id often heird of a lawyf r named Foy, who was 
in such high repute that people believed a lawsuit gained when 
he undertook their cause. The countryman went to his office, 
and after waiting some time was admitted to an interview. 
He told the lawyer tlint ha\ ing heard so much about him. and 
happening to Ik^ in town, he thought he would call and consult 
him. 

"You wish to bring an action, iierhaps," replied the lawyer. 

"(), no," replied the farmer, "lam at peace with all the 
world." 

"Then it is a ■cttl'-ment of property that you want, is it?" 

"Excuse me, ?Ir. Lawyer, my ianiily and I have never 
made a division, seeing that we draw from the same well, as 
the .spying is." 

"Is it, then, to get me to negotiate a purchase, or sale that 
you have come?" 

"0, no, I ;im neither rich enough to purcha.se nor poor 
enough to sell." 

"Will you tell me, then, what you Jo want of me?" said 
the lawyer in a tone of surpri.se. 

"Why, I have already told you, Mr. I/iwyer," replied Ber- 
nard; "I want advice — I mean to pay for it, of course." 

The lawyer smiled, and taking pen and iKii)er, asked the 
countryman his name. 





j"Tj^E]3^iLB iisrsa?i^."crcTOi^. 



S33 



"Peter Bernard," replied the countryman, quite happy 
that the lawyer at length understood what ho wanted. 

"Your age?" 

"Thirty years, or very near it." 

"Your vocation?" 

"What's that?" 

"SVhat do you do for a liviug?" 

"Oh! that is what it means, is it? Why, I aui a farmer." 

The lawyer wrote two lines, folded the paper, and handed 
it to his client. 

"Is it finished already?" .said the farmer, "Well and good! 
What is to be the price of that advice, Mr. Lawyer?" 

"Three francs." 

Bernard paid the money and took his leave, delighted that 
he had made u.se of this ojiportunity to get a piece of advice 
from the groat lawyer. When the farmer reached home it 
was four o'clock; the journey had fatigued him, and he deter- 
mined to rest the remainder of the day. Meanwhile the hay 
had been cut two days, and was compljtely made. One of 
bis men came and asked if they should draw it in. 

"What, this evening?" exclaimed the farmer's wife, who 
had come to meet her husband. "It would be a pity to begin 
the work so late, since it can be done as well to-morrow." 

Bernard was uncertain which way to decide. Suddenly he 
recollected that he had the lawyer's advice in his jjocket. 

"Wait a minute," he exclaimed, "1 have an advice, and a 
famous one too — that I paid three trancs for; it ought to tell 
us what to do. Here wife, see what it sa;, s; you can read 
written hand better than I. ' ' 

The woman tonk the paper and read this line. 

"Never pit opv until to-mohrow m'iiat vou r'.\N no 

TO-DAY. ' 

"That's it!" exclaimed Bernard, as if a ray of light had 
cleared up all his doubts. "Come, be quick! get the carts and 
away! Gome boy,--! come girls! all to the bay field! It shall not 
be said that I bought a three franc opinion and luade no u.-^e 
of it. 1 will follow the lawyer's advice." 

Bernard himself set the example by leading tb" wiiy in the 
work, and not returning till the hay was brought in. The 
event seomed to prove the Vvi.sdom of bis condiiet, and the 
foresight of the lawyer. The weather changed during the 
night— an unexpected storm bur»t over the valley; the next 
morning it was found the river had overflown and carried 
away all the bay that had been left in the fields. The crops of 
the neighboring farmers were completely destioyed. Bernard 
alone had not sufl'ered. The success of bis fir.^t oxijerinient 
gave him such faith in the advice of the lawyer that from 
that time lorth he adopted it as bis rule ol' conduct, and 
became conserjuoiitly one of the nm.-t iro.speious faimers in 
the country. Readers, lake a bint iiom hi.-:, success, and 
■"never put off till to-morrow what yuu can do to day. " 



T-HE BOOlvdZEK.^liTG-. 



IN Number i:! ol' the pri-sent volume in an article on Australia 
we gave a dc-'ciiption of the boonici'ang, ami a short account 
of its use by the natives of that island, 'i'he fullowing instan- 
ces of the skill they attain in its use will ioteiesl mn- readers: 
"A traveler tells something of the singular weapon used by 
natives of Australia, the boomerang. The ones which he saw 
ranged from two feet to tbiity-eithl inches iti length, and were 
of various shapes, all curved a little, and looking, as he des- 
cribes them, like a wooden new moon. They were made of a 
dark, heavy wood, and weighed from one to three pounds. In 




thickness they vary from half an inch, and taper to a point at 
each end. 

"One of the natives picked up the piece of wood, and pois. 
ing it an instant, threw it, giving it a rotary motion. For the 
first one hundred feet or more it went straight ahead. Then 
it tacked co the left and rose slightly, still rotating. It kept 
this latter course for a hundred feet or more, but soon veered 
to the left again, describing a broader curve, and in a moment 
later fell to the -arth six or eight feet in front of the thrower, 
having described nearly a circle in the air. 

"Another native then took the same boomerang and cast it, 
holding it with the same grip. It took the same course, but 
made broader curves, and as it eaiue round the black caught it 
handsomely with his right hand. 

"Another native next threw it and lodged it on the grjund 
about twenty feet behind him, after it had described a circle of 
two hundred yards. After him they all tried it and but one 
failed to firing the weapon back to the sjjot where they .stood. 
■■Oarnboo, a native, then selected from the heap of boom, 
erangs another one. and cast it with a sort of jerk. It flew 
very quickly for fi.>rty or fifty yards, whirling like a top. Then 
it darted into the air, mounting fully one hundred feet, and 
came over our heads, where it seemed to hang stationary for a 
moment, then settled slowly, still whirling, till he caught it. 
Two others of the blacks then ilid the same thing. 

"Meanwhile I had with my knife shaved a little of the wood 
from the convex side of one of the boomerangs. This I now 
offered to one of them to throw. 11.^ took it without noticing 
what I ha;l done, poised it, but stopped short, and with a con- 
temptuous glance at my imiirovement threw it down and said: 
"'Bale budgery!' (no good). 

"The other.^ then looked at it cautiously, but it was a 'bale 
budgery' also to them. No one could he induced to throw it. 
"Myers asked them why they did not use it, but they could 
give no definite answer. It was plain they did not like the 
way it poised, when held in the band, yet I could not distin- 
guish any difference whatever lu'tween this and the other ones. 
"Burleigh then walked to a distance of two hundred feet or 
more from the blacks and bid Carnboo throw to him. The 
native lookeil at him a moment rather curiously, then, compre- 
hending what was wanted, he seleote<l one* of the heaviest 
of the missiles, and, turuiri>: half round, threw it with great 
fm-ce in a direction almost opjioMie fi-oiii ':;! where Burleigh 
stood. 

"The weapon speil smartly fir sixty evenly feet, then 

tacked in an instsnt a]iJ flew directly at U.i.ieigh, and, had he 
not most ex|ieditiously ducked, he would have received a hard 
thump, if iinthing worse. It struck the ground twenty or 
thirty paces beyond. This feat brought out a broad grin and 
something like a chuckle from the whole of them. Carnboo 
even intimated that be would like to try aiiolber cast, but Bur- 
leigh exnre.s.sed hiuiself sati-fieil. 

"Mr. Snjitli. however, offered to 'take u .shot' but not at 
too shiu't a range. Wo were standing iu front of one of the 
storidunises. Carnboo pl.iced Suiitb in Inuit of the door and 
stood with his hack to him. with Suiilb's Iriiid on his shoulder. 
"Nom; of us knew wh.il kind of a Tuameuvre he had in his 
nund, not even .Myers. Sianding in this position the black 
threw ihi! homuerang .stiaigbt ahead. Immediately it curved 
in tiie air. Then it disappeared around the corner of the 
buililirig, and, l» foi-i' be had time to guess (vhat it meant, it 
came around tlie olhei- end (having passed completely around 
the storchou.se) and gave Siuil.h a so\mding slap on the back 
which made his eyes snap." 






S34: 



JTJ'VSXn] IXjE IITSTi?.UCTOI^. 




tf h^ j|ttuenil^ llndrudai;. 



OEOROE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1875. 





EIDITOK.nL^.Xj THEOTJG-HITS. 

ONSTDEKABLE pains have Wen taken 
b.v President Young and the resents of 
the Peseret Univer.>^ity in past years in 
arranging what is known as the Deseret 
Alphabet, a system ofspelHnir by sound. 
The object to be attained by this system is 
to enable every person to read , spell and 
write the Enslish language according to 
the sonnds of the letters. One ot the great 
ffieiilties in the way of foreigners learning to 
read and speak our language is our orthography, 
there being but very few words in our language 
that a per.son can iironounce by the spelling alone. 
This greatly increases the difficulty in teaching 
dren to read. It requires years of con.stant labor 
V -'' ° for many persons to learn to spell correctly, and we 
have known men who have had a very go id educa- 
tion who are unable to this day to spell in every in- 
stance correctly. How different is this to the Sandwich Is- 
land language ! Those who reduced that language to writing 
spelled every word exactly as it was pronounced. In other 
words, they have adoi>ted a sy.-tem of phonetic spelling; and 
now every Sandwich^Islander, who can write at all, writes his 
mother tongue correctly. We never knew one of them to mis- 
spell a word in writing, and yet their schooling in many instan- 
ces is very limited ; but if they know the aliihabet and know 
how to pronounce, they cannot fail to spell correctly. 

We hope to .see thousands and thousands of the Lamanites 
brouL'lit to a knowledge of the truth, and taught the princi- 
ples of the gosjiol in our language. God has chosen the Eng- 
lish language as that in which His revelations sliall be first 
given to the world. How neces.sary, then, is it that our lan- 
guage should bo made as perfect as possible, and where there 
are faults in the orthography, to have ih '.ni corrected, so that 
every iier.«on who wishes to acfpiire the language i.an do so 
with the srreatest possible ease! 

Tlu; Hook of Mormon has been printed in the characters of 
the Deseret Alphabet, but President Young has decided that 
they are not .-^o well adaj^ted for the purpose designed as it was 
hoped tliey would he. There being no shanks to the letters, 
all being very even, they are trying to the eye, because of 
their iiuiformity. Another objection some have urged against 
them has been that they are entirely new, and we should have 
characters as far as pos.^ible with which we are familiar; and 
they have felt that we should use them as far as they go and 
adopt new characters only for the sound which our jiresent let- 
ters do not represent. There is a .\vstem known as the I'itmau 
system of phonetics which po.s.se.s.soM the advantages alluded to. 
Mr. Pitman has u.'sed all the letters of the alphabet as far as 
po.s.sible and has addeil seventeen new characters to them, 
making an alphabet of forty-three letters. The Bible, a dic- 
tionary and a number of other works, school books, etc., have 
been printed in these new characters, and it is found that a 
r»on familiar with our present method of reading can learn 



in a few minutes to read these works printed after this syst«m. 
We think it altogether likely tliat the regents of the Univer- 
sity will upon further examination adopt this system for use 
in this Territory. Its adrocates say that a child who learns to 
read the books printed in this way which they easily learn to 
do, is greatly aided in acquiring a knowledge of our present 
system of orthographj'. It is surprising that people should 
cling to our present system of orthography as they do, when 
every one knows that it involves so much labor and time to 
acquire a knowledge of reading by its aid. For instance, take 
the .sound ougli and see how many times it changes in the fol- 
lowing words: through, ihmigh, hougli^ trough^ hlccovffh^ 
tough, plovgh^ ought. The pronunciation of these words must 
be learned by heart, for the letters them.selves give no idea to 
the reader as to their real sound. But if this were all the 
difficulty it migh', be borne, but take the sound of the letter 
a in any, aijiiual; father, gather; f(atin<:, hut; water, waste; 
tvar, wary. Look also at o in sort, sorry; go, do; woman, 
women; or at eo in people, Gtone; ywoiuan, galleon; leopard, 
dungeon; feol, theology, theologian. See how the same letters 
varj' their pronuueiation in now^ know; mode, modest; anger, 
danger; angel ^ angelic; Jim le, v\Jinit< ; science, i:Oitscience; hanged, 
i:hungcd; famine, famous, coal^ toaZilion; peas^ pea^nnt;lum- 
her^ plumLer; eat, great; creature, creator; own, town; sign, 
signet, ■disignee; over, lover, clover, etc. After examining 
these words you can readily perceive that the best of readers 
can merely guess how to pronounce a word they have only seen 
and never heard. In fact every reader knows by his own 
experience when he sees a new word that it] is but rarely he 
can tell by its spelling how it is pronounced. 

We certainly hope to see this new system introduced and be 
genefal'y adopted in all our .settlements. There is no people 
on the earth who have so great an interest in this reform as 
have the Latter-day Saints, and we know of no people who 
are in so good a jiosition to accomplish it as we arc. ^V'hat is 
needed is union of effort and determination to carry this sys- 
tem into practice, and like everything upon which we are uni- 
ted, it can easily be accoiuidished. 



IT is now almost ten years since the first number of the 
Juvenile Instructor was issued. For almost ten years 
it has struggled through the trying vicissitudes which have 
caused many a venture, worthy and unworthy, in the pubhsh- 
ing line to succumb. Almost ten years ago the Insthuctor 
made its first appearance in a form of fcur pages, at the then 
moderate price of .So, 00 jier annum. Its growth during that 
l>eriod is marked by an increase in its size to twelve pages, a 
reduction in its jirice to $2.00 per annum, and a very great im- 
pro.'ement in the cpiahty of the paper used, as also in the 
number and quality of th'? engravings which apjiear. It was 
jirojccted ten years ago to supjdy ;i vciy aiijiarent want in the 
midsc of the Latter-day Saints, and has been ]iubli.shed ever 
since for the same pur])Ose; and its success, if we may accept 
the testimony of those who have marked its influence upon 
tlie youth in this Territory, is mo.st gratifying. This could 
probably not be said, had it been started a-s a financial specu- 
lation. However, it is not our purpose to complain even ii 
this respect, for the fact of its not having cleared expenses for 
.some time i)ast is probably owing to the general stagnation in 
business aflairs and the scarcity of money that has prevaded 
rather than to a lack of disposition on the part of the i)eople 
to support the In.structor and avail themselves of the lienefits 
ot its teachings. Just at the time the general financial panic 
was .settingin two years ago, we enlarged the Instru(TOR from 
eight pages to twelve, which made a corresponding increase i 





0"TJ"VEilTIXjE J3SrSTI?.TJ01?0I?.. 



S35 




the expense of publishing it. To meet this we calculated of 
course on a great increase in the circulation, and issued the 
necessary number of copies to make it pay expenses. The 
dull times followed and we were left with a large number of 
copies on hand, and this state of things has continued up to 
the present. 

It has been our aim in years past to have all subscriptions 
to the Instructor commence and end with the volume, to en- 
courage subscribers in keeping their files complete to have 
them bound, a« well as to simplify business at our Office. We 
find, however that many of our sub.scribers make no calcula- 
tion oil getting their files boiuid, and can therefore eommenee 
to subscribe at one time as well as at another. In view of this 
fact, and 1o insure the Office against striking off" more copies 
than are subscribed for, we have decided on adopting the plan 
of allowing all subscriptions to commence at the time they are 
received, and run only to the worth of the money subscribed, 
however much that may be. Most of the present subsr-riptions 
expire with the volume. It will therefore be necessary for uU 
sub.scribers who desire the paper to continue to them without 
interruption to renew their sub.scriptions very soon; otherwise 
their papers will be stopped at the end of the volume. 

We appeal to all who feel an interest in the cause in which 
the Instructor is engaged — educating the youth of the 
Latter-day Saints in all that is good — to do all in their power 
to extend the circtilation of the paper by subscribing them- 
selves and inducing others to do the same. Especially do we 
expect all who are engaged in the .Sunday School cause to feel 
an interest in the welfare of the In'.structou, which has ever 
been the organ of the Sunday Schools in the Territory, and 
Supeiintendents of Sunday Schools can not further the 
interests of the children over whom they have charge in any 
way better than engaging personally, and calling their assistant 
teachers to their aid, m making a systematic and thorough 
canvass in their respective districts for subscriptions to the 
I.\structor. Wc have been greatly benefited by the effiDrts 
of our brethren and sisters in this respect in the past, and 
their future eff'orts will be none the less appreciated. 

AVe owe our patrons an apology for our failure to issue the 
I.v.STRUCTOi.1 according to date during the past year. A 
number of circumstances have combined to cause the delay, 
which could not well be avoided. We have presumed upon 
their indulgence in the past, as tney are all aware that it is 
not a newspaper, and therefore the reading matter is quite 
as interesting and acceptable one time aa another; but for the 
i'uture we are determined to catch up to date as soon as pos- 
sible, and after that allow nothing to prevent us from i.ssuing 
according to date. 



Ch.vi.k. — Most people looking at this .substance would take 
it to be a sort of hardened white mud. Such is not the 
case, as the microscope shows that it is nothing but the agglom- 
erations of creatures almost invisible. Bearing tuis in mind, 
one is astonished at the power of organic life, which can pro- 
duce masses that form a rampart to the coast of England. 
Their minuteness is such that a single visiting card covered 
with a white layer of chalk contains about iOO,OUO shells. 
These are formed of carbonate of lime, and are so small that 
10,000,000 are reciuired to weigh a pound, and 150,000,000 to 
make a cubic foot of the same material. 




The man who is curious to see how the world could get along 
without him can find out by sticking a cambric needle into a 
llpond, and then withdrawing it and looking at the hole. 



tir 4w^'^wtt|^, 



ISV BETH. 




THE FLYING-FISH. 

rPiiE pages of the JuvENtr.El.NSTRi'CTOR and the illustrations 
I that have appeared from time to time have done much to 
inform the minds of our youth in relation to natural history; 
anl as there are many animals of which preserved sijocimens 
may be seen in the Deseret Museum, a few pictures of them 
will be shown here to prepare our reader., to still further inform 
themselves by visiting that institution. 

The far-famed Flying-Fish 
exists in many of the warmer 
seas, and derives its popular 
name irum its wjnderfiil 
powers of -ustaining itself in 
tile air. The passage of this 
fish through the atmosphere 
can lay no just claim to the 
title of flight, foi the creature does not flni) the wing-like pec- 
toral fins on which it is up-borne, and is not believed even to 
possess the power of changing its course. Under some circum- 
stances of excitement, these fish will leap over the bulwarks of 
a ship, and be killed by the violence with which they strike 
against the deck or svars. This usually occurs at night, or 
early in the morning, and a light disiilaycd from the chains of 
a vessel in a dark night will bring many of them ou board in 
the same manner. Their flesh is much esteemed l.y voyagers; 
it bears some resemblance to that of the iicrring. Although 
the Flying-Fish excites so much commiseration for its perse- 
cuted state, it isitselfpredaceous, feeding chiefly on .smaller fish. 
The fin of a Flying-Fi.sh in the ^luseum cubiucts measures 
a length of .seven and a half by a width of five and a half inches. 
The substance is membranous, tough, Ijlack, and clastic; the 
thickne.ss that oi thin paper, and is admirably ailapted to sus- 
tain the weight of the animal in Icauing from tin- wat'.r. This 
specimen is from the Atlantic. 

THE COMMON KEL. 

Eels are found in almost all warm and tcmpvrate countries, 
and grow to a very large size in tropical regions. They arc, 
however, impatient of cold, and in the extreme northern or 
southern parts of the world they are not to lie fuund. In many 

iif tlie I'acific islands 
these fish arc held in 
great estimation, being 
jireserved in ponds and 
fed by hand, and in New 
Zealand they afford one 
I if the stajile articles of 
consumption. In some parts of the world, however, a strong 
prejudice exists a.irainst eels, i>roliab!y on ao:ount of their 
resemblance to snakes. 

The ]Museum specimen is of the electrical species, the "eltc- 
tlcus gymnotus" of which variety large living specimens are 
i'rciiuently shown in scientific iiistituticms. By ap]ilying the 
hands to the back of the eel an electrical shock is received. 
Before eajituring these dangerous creatures, horses are driven 
into the rivers where they abound, upon wliieli the eels expend 
their electrical ]iower and become r.miparatixely harujli'ss d, 
handle. 






O'TJ'V^EXsI-IJ-.^] XISrSTI^TJOTOi?/. 




TECE VIL31ij^C3-E I^AYOI^. 



From Cliambers' Miscellany . 




(Continued.) 

^'T BKiijV?r ae a .-cboolboy to follow this advice. I performed 

X my duties, but denied myself all praise. I slept at night 
upoa two chairs near my bed. I took neither tea nor coffee, neith- 
er beer nor wine^my drink was onlj- water. I did not use the 
tenth part of my pocket-money for myself, but bought with it 
books aud maps for the poorer scholars. I rejoiced when the 
time came for me to go to the university, for then 1 should be 
my own master. I lived simply. People thought that I was 
poor; but I bad money in abundance — enough to help others. 
Those who were richer than 1 were loaded with debt. This 
simple mode of life di>iileaK'd many in my native city. My 
friends wanted me to live better, but I was content with the 
cheapest food. My dress was clean, and iti the fashion, but 
very coarse. This was called unbecoming. I did my duty to 
all, but I paid no court to my superiors. I wished to be 
mysef/ worthy of honor, aud not to obtain it through fine 
clothes, flattery, and outw.nd .-^how. I did not smoke; I never 
played at cards; aud theretijie every ouo thought me strange. 
I always acted in accordance with my opinion.s; was content 
with little; helped others with my .superabundance; was always 
hapDy; and never ill. I wanted nothing but a sphere of 
action. This I had uot. because I was not like other people. 
3Ii.serable those who expect their happiness from others! 

'I roamed about Germauy tor nearly three months, but did 
not succeed iu finding any employment: everywhere there was 
a 'but.' How foolish people are, thought I, to think ill of a 
man merely because he desires nothing but the ofiportunity of 
m:ikiug his knowledge u.seful to others! 1 thought I should be 
doing the world and .science a gieat service, if I went to 
London and offered to go on a voyage of discovery to Senegal; 
aud if the Knglich refused my offer, I resolved to go at ujy own 
expense; With thi.^ (Jetermiuatiuu I bent my course to the 
novth-west. 

"One evening T arrived very tired at the inu of a little town, 
and while I ate i:iy IVugal .-upj)er, 1 amused myself by reading 
thi' newspaper. Tiieie 1 found au advertisement for a school 
ma.ster in a distant village. The .salary was fifty gulden a year 
(about four pounds Engli-sh money), a hou.sc and firing free, 
aud the produce of throe acres of land. This was just the 
situation for mc. ."^chooiuiastcr! — what a weighty calling! 
Might I not be the in.'uus of reformat iini to a whole village — 
the .savior of tho;is;indsV Might I Mot open the way to their 
improvement in bu-iian Iry, in morality, aud in religion ? And 
till' pay — it was cerlainiy smaii, but enough forme. Could 
virtue ever be rew irded uy money? The salaries given by the 
slate are in propoUi.in to the knowledge reiiuired. A villaae 
schoolmaster requires but litt'e knowledge, and has but little 
work; theiel'ue !ho pay is small: but a court chamberlain, a 
court fool, a puiilic singer or daiicci-, lias need of much talent; 
ih^'refore either of th.^-e is paid more than all the schoolmas- 
ters ill the country put tou'Cthor. 

■1 applied for the .-ituation; my certificates were examined ; 
and I was believed to be a boistin^us, runaway student. This 
I let pass. There w:is nothing .said against my knowledge of 
arithmetic and .ringing; neverthele-^s, dililculties arose; and I 
could not blame the gentleman whose duty it was to choose a 
.schoolmaster, for I J:new fpiite \V(;11 ibat it was not u.-ual for a 
man wlm spoke six or ^eveii languages to aj.ply fur so inferior 

iiutition. I bcliev,' I .should not have been cho.sen had any 



other candidate appeared than an old deaf tailor, who was of 

course rejected. 

" 'Listen,' said the president of the school commission to me; 
'the place shall be yours if, after a year's trial, we are satisfied 
with your conduct. ' I then received the paper appointing me 
schoolmaster provisionally, and also a letter of introduction to 
Mr Pflock, the cure of Hard, who was ordered to introduce 
me in the village. 

"I was as hajipy as a king — if kings ever are happy — and I 
hastened to Hard. I found my abode a dilapidated hut, and 
dirty as a stable; every window half ijasted up with paper, and 
my sitting-room very dark, and without a stove in it. The 
only stove was in the schoolroom, in which apartment sixty- 
five children a.ssembled daily. The garden was full of rubbish, 
and the three acres of land were overgrown with weeds. The 
cure received me with an austere face ; gave me some whole- 
some precepts ; and introduced me on the following Sunday 
afternoon to his congregation, with many admonitions to the 
school children. This cure was a zealous aud orthodox man, 
who thundered every Sunday with a powerful voice against all 
unbelievers. On week days and in common life, he troubled 
himself but little about the welfare of his flock, and was con- 
tent if his kitchen were well attended to, and if he were invited 
to all marriage and baptismal feasts. The vUlagers were poor, 
and almost savage ; there was no lack of quarreling, fighting, 
and lawsuits; every peasant was deep iu debt; the soil was 
hardly cultivated ; and the cattle very miserably managed. 
The mayor was the richest per.sou in the village, for he was 
also the landlord ot' the only inn ; and he who did not drink 
enough of beer was -;ure to be puaished in some way or another. 
The external ajtpearanct! of the village, the rows of miserable 
huts, the iuteriors i.f which were dirty and disgusting^ the 
coar.se manners of the peasants and their wives, the rudenes? 
of the children, and their ragged dirty clothing — all told me 
that this was such a calling as I had desired; that here I had 
the opportunity of doing good ; and I danced in my little room 
for joy till the whole house shook. 

"The school funds were, as may be supposed, very low, and 
I set about repairing t!ie .schoolhouse at my own co.st. I had 
the windows memled, the rooms whitewashed, the floors cleaned 
and the ta' les, benrlies, and doors well scoured. I bought 
linen for my lied, and had a mattress made of moss. I dug 
my garden, divided it into bods, planted vegetables, and sowed 
my three acres with corn. I kept a goat, which gave milk 
enough for my wanrs, and which grazed on the common during 
the day, and at night was lodged in the stable. I was soon 
finite comt'ortablo in my new abode. Even the cure's house 
M-a< not so clean as mine. The [leople all wondered at my 
lieingso neat, and yet so poor; aud I wondereil at their dirt- 
iness and iguovance. 

■'As soon as I had settled myself comfortably in my now 
pretty abode, I turned my attention to the school children 
The-^e were mure like a herd ot swine than like rational crea- 
tures. 1 began Ijy :iccustoniing them to .shake hands with me 
when they entered the schoolroom; and whoever came unwa.shed 
was scut to the brook; for I insisted upon their feet, as 
well as their hamls and face, being clean, and also upon their 
hair being combed. They laughed at me ; but I begged the 
cure to stand by me, and I asked him to preach a sermon on 
the advantages ol' cleanliness. 'That does not belong to relig- 
ion, Mv. Schoolmaster,' said he; 'go and attend to your 
bu.-iness.' However, by perseverance I succeeded in my efforts. 

■■The clotiiing was next to be attended to. The children 
were dressed in ragged garments : this I could not change, b 





J""Cr"VE!3SriLE in^STILTJCTOK.. 



237 



^ 



\\ 



I was determined that they should bo clean; and I promised a 
reward to those whose clothes were the cleanest at the end of 
the week. I distributed needles, pins, pocket-knives, scissors, 
and other trifle-, which I bought wholesale at the yearly fair 
in the neighboring town, and each received some reward for 
being tidy and clean. The cure and mayor, and in fact all the 
villagers, laughed at nie; but I resolutely prosecuted my plans. 
We must first civilise the habits of men before we can .suoeced 
in educating them. With the help of these rewards I succeeded; 
and before a j-ear passed, the children were cleaner than their 
parents. Then the elder people began to be ashamed, for t'leir 
children's neatness was a reproach to them. When I went 
through the village, the young ones would leave their games 
in order to greet me. All loved me. They feared my censure, 
liked my gifts to them, and, above all, were pleased with the 
stories I related for their amusement. 

"All the village talked of my generosity; and certainly 1 had 
spent much more than my fiftv gulden during my first year at 
Hard. Two of the p-orest little children were clothed at my 
expense ; and all this was thought by the people to be done 
by unnatural means. A schoolmaster in the country was 
generally the poorest amongst many poor; no man with any 
property would have become a school ma.ster. 

'"My predecessors had received presents and money from the 
parents: I gave more away than all the parents put together. 
They knew not what to make of me. Tbey said that I was a 
thief, who had come to live here upon stolen money. Mean- 
while the cure gave the president the highest certificate of me, 
annexing some remarks on my presents to the .scholars; but as 
to give is not forbidden iu'the ten commandments, nothing was 
said, and I was at last elected schoolmaster fur life. 

"Now that I was .settled in office, my work became lighter to 
me. I divided my pupils intJi classes, and uuule the elder ones 
teachers to the yiutnger; and thus all improved quickly. I 
bought yarn and knitting needles for the little girls, taught 
them to knit, and trave them whatever they made for them- 
selves. The parents were plea.sed with us; and I paid a poor 
woman in the village halt my salary for instructing the girls in 
all kinds of female work. Before another year had passed, 
rags had disapjieared from the schoolroom, though in some of 
the children the love ofdirtiness, inherited from their parents, 
seemed unconquerable. 

( To he Continued. ) 



sxjnsriD^Y LESsoiN-s. 

FOR LITTLE LP]ARNERS. 



ON THE HIST.)RT OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROI'HET. — LESSOKXIX. 




A. 

Q.- 

A, 

Q- 
A. 

Q- 

A. 

Q.- 
A. 
Q. 
A. 

Q. 

A 

Q.- 

A.- 



— In what part of the Bible do we find those wonU of Ifuiuli? 

—In the 29lh chapter of Isaiah and the 11th to Utii verses. 

-How long is it since that prophecy was given? 

— Twenty-five hundred years. 

—Where did Martin Harris go after tnis? 

—He returned to Joseph in Pennsylvania. 

—In what month and yearV 

—In the month of April, 1828. 

—What was done thtn? 

— Joseph, the prophet, begnn to translate (loici the |ilate«. 

— What did Martin Harri.^ do? 

— He wrote as Joseph translated. 

— What else did Martin Harris do? 

—He asked Joseph to let him take the writings home. 

What for? 

-To show his wife and friends. 



Q. — What did Joseph sa\' to him? 

A. — He told him he would ask the L^rd about it. 

Q. — What answer did the Lord givi'himV 

A.— The Lord told him not to let him liave them. 

Q.— Did that smisfy Slartin Harris? 

A. — Xo. he teased him a second tiinf f ir them. 

tj.— What did Joseph then do? 

A.— He asked the Lord again abiau it. 



Sl0rie*=~ 




BV J. I.. B.\RFOOT. 



rpilEKF. is probably no city in the worli that has attracted as 



T 



from its great size or wealth or population; its situation in the 
vicinity of the Great Salt Lake or its being on the groat high- 
way betwepii the Atlantic and Fa-ili.j alone does not account 
for this world-wide popularity. There is an influence pertain- 
ing to us as a peo]de that makes our city famous. 

Thousands have visited Zion and tens of thousands will visit 
by reason of this influence, which amounts to a sjieeies of 
fasjination with some. Not but what we h.-ive a great many 
"sights," some of them which are of the natnre of wonders. 
There is our Tabernacle and tb.e great organ, both triumphs in 
their way. but what shall be said of ^en thousand jjeoph assem- 
bled there all moved ii/ion hi/ oitc Rjilrit^ .singing the praises of 
Jehovah. Is not this a wonder.'' 

Then there is our Tcmi>le. one id' the most chaste and classic 
architectural designs in the world. The very granite of which 
its walls are being built has a world-wide celebrity for its won- 
derful beauty and simplicity. Earth's potentates help to make 
it famous by conveying fragiucnts to show them in the courts 
of monarchs. and ladies of the highest circles in .society carry 
pieces of "Temple granite " from "Zion," the "^lormoii city" 
o,' "city of the k^aints. " 

And now the silver is adding t-o oir already extended repu- 
tation. ( hir mines of the precious metals are causing the 
mightv "men of money" to bend their way here to share in 
the thousands of the "everlasting hills." 

And there is the iron and the coal; the sulphur and the salt; 
the alabaster and the marble; the mineral wealth of the 
mountains, cloud capjicd with still greater wealth — inexhaust- 
ible reservoirs of frozen water. Then there are the "mineral 
waters" superior to those of the most celebrated springs 
that earth can boast of as remedies for internal an<l external 
maladies; there is a climate that is slowly changing into one 
of the finest in the world: el.istic. delicious, balmy air to 
breathe; freedom from thou.sands of ailments that afflict poor, 
sufl'ering jiaticnt but hopele.ss humanity, and then, there is 
that influence we s]ioke about: no wonder that our city is fam- 
ous! 

And we shall be more famous still: "a city that is set upon 
such a hill cannot be hid.'' The very conditions of the fauna 
and flora — the animal life and plant life — of these valleys com- 
mand attention. The ]iast history revealed by the rocks 
beneath our feet, the silent testimonies of the former life 
forms of these valleys attract our attention. 'J'he tireat >Salt 
Lake, formerly called the "Dead Sea" of this continent, is 
found to be teeming witji life, contrtiry to all expectation. 
Even the antagonisms of the world ;igainst us as a people are 
all helping to make <iur city liimous. 





S38 



.TTJ^^EIDTILE IIDTSTI^TJC TO T?/. 






BV .IiillN llii\VA'.;l>. 




IT was ono Sunday in isr,::. wlic-n we were eruisins; between 
Cajie Palmas, in Africa, and the Island of Ascension, in 
the South Atlantic, that our uiasthearl man, at about four 
bells in the afternoon watch, called out. '■Sail ho!" 
"Where away?" inquired the officer on deck. 
"On the port quarter, ^ir." answered the uuin aloft. 
"Keep your eye on her." was the order from the officer, 
which is an order alway.-- i;iv<Mi on board of Her Majesty s 
cruisers on the coast engaL^'d in the sup)iressi(in of the slave 
trade: for if tlie ship thus di.-c.vered happened to be a slaver 
she woiild in all i)robability alter her course on the sighting of 
a man-of-war. to make her e.^'ape. 

In this instance, the vessel .sighted steered her cour.se, and. 
coming down on us at a fine rate, wc w.;re in a measure thrown 
off our guard l)y what seemed tn us the uiovements of a regu- 
lar trader, yet there was a good deal of .surmising respecting 
her character, as .she was hcadinL' i'nr Cuba or Key West. 

Although wc could tell her ]iosition and the ciuu.-c .>ln.- was 
steering frcm the masthead, wc could not rliscern her from the 
deck. At this time we were going tbrnugh the water at the 
rate of three knots an hour, with our funnel down and the long- 
boat of Ilor ^lajesty's wrecked .-hii), t'er-ieveravix, keel up, 
acro.ss our spare spars, giving us the appearance to some extent 
of a merchant ship. 

As is the custom of sailors and others who are at .sea, all 
wanted to get a glimpse of the sail, and the olil salts began to 
spin yarns of how such a ship caught such a craft in such a 
manner: and some wagered their gc'og that ihe .^aii in sight 
was a slaver from the Congo, bound fir the SiKini.-h piis.-es>ions 
in the West Indies, and so on. 

When the strange ves.sel ^howell her voyal> to tho.sc on 
deck our officers went on the biidge with their gla.sses to get a 
better view of the craft, and the crew collected t.erween the 
guns, looking our at the p 'rt holes at her and then at the 
officers, to see if tb.'y could make out .inytbing dehnite respect- 
ing the character of the vcsm-I. while all w.-ie bu-y ^peculating 
on and <liscussing the chanci-- of her being a prize. 

When her top-irallant-sail.« hovi' in -ii;ht the interest became 
more intense, and as her top-sails and toii-mast and top-gal- 
lant-studdins-.sails appeare'l. showing her lunning free before 
n spanking breeze, which was coming down with her until it 
Wits too late to alter her course and try to e.scape, >he ran up 
the .VmericaD flag, and at the .same time caught sight of the 
white ensign of 'treat IJritain. St. Ireorge's cross, flying at our 
peak. She came with every sail full and everyt]\ing set that 
would draw, seemingly determined to make the pa.ssage with 
her live cargo of "black bird.-,' a> the slaves are facetiously 
called by the old tars. 

At la.st we began to feel the breeze, and as our sails tilled we 
began to move through the water, hut the craft still kept her 
eiiursc. and overhauled u- hand uver fist. And a tine brig she 
was — a regular heeler. 

Ail of uur crew by tbi> time bad collected on deck, some 
standini: on the gun.-, and all getting into the nm.-i favorable 
positions til view the vessel as .she neared us. Some were 
sansuine of .success, while others expressed douhts as to her 
being a slaver. However, she wa.s nearing us very fast, and 
as she ipa.s.sed closely astern of our ve.s.sel ourofficer shouted: 
"I'.rig. ahoy; What brig is that?" 



"The Flight, of Boston. What ship is that?" 

"Her IMajesty'sship Falcon. Heave tol" shouted our com- 
mander. 

"Not while that flag flies!" an-swered the oaptain of the 
brig, who was a man about five feet four inches high, dressed 
in a long main-sail-eut coat and stove-pipe hat, making him 
look more like a London cabman than a son of Neptune; 
although he had enough hair on his face to warrant the suppo- 
sition that he was ju.st from the coast of Patagonia. 

"Heave to!" was again demanded by our captain; and again 
the same answer was returned. 

By this time the brig, owing to her speed, had forged ahead. 

Our boatswain was ordered by the cajjtain to pipe all hands 
to make sail, and accordingly sail was set and trimmed to the 
breeze, and away we flew after the chase. To accelerate the 
speed of our .-hip, the fires were lighted and steam got up. 

By the movements of the brig our suspicions were arou.sed, 
and we were determined to capture her if i)0.ssiUe before dark. 
Smith, our gunner, was ordered to get the starboard bow gun 
in readiness, to dispatch a "hummingbird" after the fugitive, 
which was accordingly done. The crews of the first and sec- 
ond cutters were ordered to hold themselves in readiness to 
board the craft as soon as we .should overhaul her. 

To strengthen our suspicions respecting her character, when 
:she passed us. some men on her forecastle held uji their hands 
anil then pointed downwards, which gave us to understand 
that .she contained five hundred below. 

At this time the brig was ijuite a di.-tance ahead, on our port 
bow, with every inch of canvas spread; and it was a most 
interesting afid c^xciting time to every per.son on board. Even 
old Mac, the ship's cook, came on deck and stood on the fife- 
rail ot the foremas to look at the vessel; and the pleasant 
smile on his face showed plainly that he hoped to have the 
satisfaction of cooking supper f >r the jnize crew, and eventu- 
ally pocketing the prize money 

I was standing on the head g ating, taking a look, when the 
order was given to the w .tch to trim sails. Charlie Marsh, an 
old ".sea dog," rolled his (juid over and growled: 

"Get off the gratin'! Don't you see we are hauling to the 
wind? We are going to get that gun to bear on her." 

Off we got, and ran to the jiort holes to see the effect of 
the shot, 

"Mr. Smith!" .sang out the captain. 

"Aye, aye. sir," answered the gunner. 

"Have a shot ready to cress her bows." 

The crew of the gun accordingly loaded with a thirty-two 
po'und"r. Bv this time we were in speaking distance again, 
and the captain, taking the speaking trumpet, again ordered 
the craft to heave to. Again the captain of the slaver refused, 
saying, "Not while that flag flies! " 

"Are j'ou ready, forward?" inquired our commander. 
"All ready, sir," was the reply. 
"Fire!" roared the cajitain. 

Bang, went the gun. Then it was tun to watch the bobbing 
of heads to see where the shot pitched. It went right across 
the brig's bows: and there was a hurrying off her fore- 
castle, but still she kept on. 

(To be Cont imunl .) 




S.\Pi'niRE is ft sky-blue. Amethyst is a violet in shade. 
Agate has a whiie surface and erey beneath. Cornelian a sort 
of fle.sh tinge. Opal, a briliant white. Jasper, of various 
colors, simple and mingled. Onyx, a whitish red. Crystal, of 
an ice hue. 





crTJ^i±]iNri:[i.ii: in^STi^uoTOK> 



239 



Hejiti0nrj anil ^asa^crs ^iie.'dion^ ani! ^n.^iircr^ 




oisr THE 
book: OIF 1^ (D :r 1^ o J<T . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



rebellious that it 




LESSON xcvi. 
Q —What proposition did Ammoron make after thi* battle? 

^._In exchange for the prisoners taken by Heleman he offered 
to give the city of Antiparah. 

Q. — Would Heleman agree to this? 

A.— No; preparations were beina- made by the Ammonites to 
attack the city, and he thought they would be successful. 

Q._\Vhen it was attacked did the Lamanites defend it? 

A.— Kii; they fled to their other cities. 

Q. — "What year ended about this time? 

A. — The twenty-eighth year c^f the re'gn of the judges. 

Q. — "What reinforcements did Helenjan receive the next 
year? 

A. — A suppl.s' of pr<ivision« and more troops. 

Q,_"What city did tiiey tlien wish to attack? 

A.— Cumeni. 

Q.— To accomplish this how did they first proceed? 

A. — They surrounded the city, keeping watch le; t the Laman- 
ites should attack them. 

Q, What became of the provisions sent to the Lamanites? 

A. They fell into the hands <d' the Ammonites. 

Q._What did the Lamanites finally do' 

A.— Despairing of help, they surrendered. 

Q. — What then became a cause of anniiyanee? 

A.— The prisoners were so numerous aud 
took all Heleman's troops to guard them. 

Q, While conveying the prisoners from the captured city to 

Zarahemla what happened to those who remained? 

A.— They were attacked by a large army of Lamanites sent to 
the assistance of the city of Cumeni. 

Q._What was the result of this attack? 

A. The Ammonites drove the Lamanites to the city of 

Manti. 

Q,_Were any <pf HelemanV young troojis killed in this bat- 
tle? 

A.— No; buttw" hundred had fainted from loss of blood. 

Q._Were the Ammonites able to keep their prisoners? 

A. No; they ro,,e up in rcdjellion and were mostly killed, some 

escaping. 

Q,_What was the next object of Heleman? 

A.— It was to g->t possession o*' the city of Manti. 

Q.— What did he wait for? 

A.— Some more trooi)S from Zarahemla. 

Q.— Did assistance finally arrive' 

A.— "Ves; some more provisions and two thousand troops. 

y._After receiving t'^is assistance, what did they do? 

A.— I'hey marched into the wilderness near the city of Manti. 

Q _When the Lamanites saw them what did they do? 

A.— They came forth in great numbers to attack them. 

Q._How did Helaman arrange his troops? 

A. He placed a number of troops in ambush on each side of 

liis main army. 

Q —When he was attacked what did he do? 

A.— He retreated further into the wilderness. 

Q._When the Lamanites had gone some distance into the 
wilderness what did these two bodies of .\mmonites do? 

A. They went out of their ambush and killed the few remain- 
ing guards, thus cditaining possession of the city. 

Q — When the Lamanites ha.l jiursued the Ammonites si.une 
distance what did they do? 

A.— They were afraid, and camped. 

Q,— What did Heleman then do? 

A.— He marched around and was soon in the city of Manti. 



03Sr THIS BI3IjE. 



FIRST BO < ) K OF S A .M U E L. 



had slain the Philistines 
iind I alves of the enemy 

with 



LESSON XCVI. 

Q.— What did the peo|de do after the\ 
all day? 

A. — They destroyed the ■ihecp, oxen 
and ate them with the blood. 

Q.— What did Saul do when he heard tlii>'' 

A. — He told them not to sin again>t the Lord in eatin_ 
the blood. 

Q —What did they then do" 

A. — "All the people brought every man his ox with him tliat 
nght and slew them there." 

y.— What did Saul build? 

A. — .\n altar unto the Lord. 

Q.--Had ^aul built an altar before? 

A. — .\o; this was the first. 

Q.— What did Saul then s:iy to the pci.,]ple? 

A.— "Let us go down alter tlie Phili-tines by night, and spoil 
tliHiii until the nifirning light, and let u.^not leave a man of them." 

(j.— What did the people answer' 

A. — "Do whatsoever seemeth good unto tliee." 

y. — What did the priest say? 

A. — "Let u- draw near hither unto God. ' 

0. — When Saul asked counsel i>f God, whether he should go 
down to the Phili.siines, what reply did he receive? 

A. — "He answered him not that day." 

Q. — What then did Saul command to be done? 

A.— That all the chiefs of the people be gathered together. 

Q. — For what purpose did he do this? 

A. — To know wherein the sin had been that day? 

y. — What did Saul say when he gave the command? 

A. — "For, as the Lord liveth, which saveth Israel, though it be 
in Jonathan my son, he shall surelj' die." 

Q.— Did the people make any reply to this? 

A. — No; "there was not a man among all the people that an- 
swered him." 

Q.— What did Saul then say unto all Israel? 

A. — "Be ye on one side and I and Jonathan my son will be on 
the other side." 

Q — What answer did the people then make? 

.v. — "Do what seemeth good unto thee." 

t.^. — What then did Saul say unto the Lord God of Israel? 

A. — "Give a perfect lot." 

Q. — What was the result? 

A. — "Saul and .lonathan were taken; but the peo]jle e-oaped." 

Q —What did Saul then say^ 

A —"Cast lots between me and Jonathan mj' son." 

Q — Which was taken.' 

A. — .lonathan. 

Q.- -AVhat did Saul say to Jonathan"" 

A. — "Tell me what thou hast done." 

Q. — What was Jonathan's reply' 

A. — "I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod 
that wat^in mine hand, and lo, I nui,>'t die." 

Q. — What did .Saul answer' 

A. — "God do so and more also; for thou >lialt surely die, Jona- 
than." 

Q. — Wh:it did the poo|ile then say to Saul' 

A. — ".Shall Jomithan flie, who hath wrouulit this great salva- 
tion in Israel' (i>id forbid: as the Lord liveth, thore shall not one 
hair of his head fall to the ground: for he hath wrought with God 
this day." 

Q.— What was the resulf 

.\. — "The pcmiU^ rescued .lonathan, !tiat he di.d not, 




^1 



vp 



S40 



J- XJ ^ E ITI L E IHsrSTI^TJCTOI^/ 




i^^ 



tltdtA Ipucfrji. 



THE SHOEILvd: JLICER^'S 



iHe- 




Y':sterni^lit. a^ I ^;\t witli an 'ild friend oi niiiv>, 
III his library, ci>zily nvor our wine. 
Looking out on the guesU in the parlor, I said. 
Of a la'ly. wliose.slioe showed some ripping of thread 
■■frank, ilu- Icoks like a nhoemaker'a daughter." 

"Yes," said Frank — ■Ye--; her shoo has a rip at the s 
The rai.-ihap nf ilio mumeiit — tlie lady's a bride. 
That reniiiid.s nio of soii\ething; and here a.s •we sit, 
If you'll listen with patienee, I'll spin you a bit 
Of a yar!i of a .■.hoemaker's daughter. 

"■V/hen I vv:ij, a Ijiiy, half a (a'ntury since — 
fl')w one'n frame, as one nuinbcr.i the veaiv, seems to wi 
Ad'-iir little girl went to school with inc then; 
Afi r sit in my arm chair t see her again — 
Kit,iy !\[allett, ihi' ^laiemakor's daughter. 

'■Whence the wi'n<leiful ease in lior manner she had 
Kol from termagant moiher, nor hard-werking dad. 
Yet, no doubt that hesidcii a most beautiful face, 
The child had d.'coruni, refinement and grace; 
Not at all lik'' a ^boenakor's dauglitcr. 

''Ilor dress was of si.\- piMiny print; but 'twas clean; 
Her ihoe-i like all shoeniakor.s' oiiildren's, were mean; 
Her boniU't a wreck; but, whatever she wore 
The air of a damsel of l>reeding .she bore-- 
Nml that of a .shoemaker's daughter. 

■'Tile girls of the sehoiil when shi! entered the place. 
Pi'iched e.'ioh other, tleen titterc^d and .stared in h'>r face 
.Sh ; luedcd n.> insult, no notice .she took; 
I>ut 'piietly settled her eyes to her book — 
hlie mi.'ant bnsines.s, that shoemaker's dauglUi-r. 

'".Still jce 1 at by idii'r aiel dull head and fool — 

A herniitiw.s sh.i in the crowd of the school, 
T'i"re wh; wor.der, indeed, when it soon Came to pass 
Taut ■(.'•ilieo Kitty' was head of the chis.s — 
•What! Kitty.' Tlie :!h<n>makei''s druig'.itcr" 

'Still v.--aring the >aine faded calico dres;>. 
And Calm as i> ;fore in the pride of .s\ieeess; 
]Ier inatin.)r the samj— ca,-y, soft and refined — 
'Twa.s she seemi'd an heire.ss, while each left behind 
In the ra<v; was the shoemaker's daughter. 

'■fiit hy bit all hiir schooluiates she won to her sid.'. 
T > r-.'joice in h.'r triumph, to be jiroud in her jirid'", 
..\nd T with the re,-t — I felt eld.'rly then; 
Vor I was .si.'cteen, while the lass was but ten; 
.So 1 pi-tied the .■•hoemaker's daughti'r. 

"Do you .see that old lady with calm, placid fac' 
Time touches her beauty, but leaves all the grace; 
Do .you notiia; the murmurs tliat hu.sh when .she stirs, 
And thi' honor and homage so jxiintedly hers? 
Thai's my wife, sir— the .-hoeuiaker ;. daughter." 



Tire answer lo tlio Enigma iniblif-lied in No. 18 is D.vviu 
LlvrNG.STONK. Wu have received correct solutions from ^\^. 
M. Parrlngton, •). H. ^Vatkins, Ogdcu; W. M. Daines, 
HydeVark; Lydia .V. Allred, Luanua A. Booth, St. Charles; 
al.*:' from ll. I >. Stookcy, 1''. I \. Felt, B. J. Boer, J. D. Irvine, 
Lily E. A. Knko, \V. T. Cooper, Nellie T. Cooper and Daniel 
Speaoer, Salt Lake City. 



^mtt^l^ixwAtntt, 



Amkbican Fork, Utah Co. 

September 21, 1875. 
Editor JuvinUe Iitstructor: 

Dear Brother. — Deeming your paper the proper 
medium through which all Sunday School matter should come, 
I send you a short report of our two days' celebration of the 11th 
anniversary of the American Fork Sunday School, which occur- 
red on Sunday and Monday Sept. 19th and 20th. The hall used 
for the occasion which was kindly tendered by Mr. H, Bates was 
tastefully, yes, beautifully ornamented with flowers,, fruits and 
evergreens, with mottoes in profusion, Sunday School banners, 
pictures and vases; the stage filled with Utah jewels— children, 
drew the attention of the audience. 

The exercises commenced with singing by the School and a 
fervent pra,yer by Supt. David .John. Followed by singing and 
recitations, short speeches, diakjguce, etc., occupying the entire 
day and evening — six hours of time profitably spent in listening 
to elevating and afiecting renditions of our best literature- 
inspired thoughts and songs. 

Many recitations were -R-orthy of special note, among which may 
bo mentioned "The Servant Girl," by Miss Martha Chipman; 
who also gave a rendition of "God's first Temple," in an able 
manner. The "Address to Man," by Master Wm. Paxman, was 
entitled to the applause it received. "Past, Present and Future," 
by Miss Annie Lance. "Talking it Over," by Miss E Hindley. 
"Thanatopsis," by Miss Susie Alston, "A Famine for the word of 
God," by Jliss Martha Nielson, were all nicely rendered with 
articulation, accent, emphasis, spirit and inflections very good, 
silencing even critics. 

The dialogues entitled "Keason, Tradition, and Scriptus,' 
the Christian, Jewish and Modern Religion," received merited 
approbation; and the eflectivo speeches of the little ones, some of 
whom were only five years of age, were very creditable and 
amusing. 

The singing evinced cultivated taste, and showed that the com- 
mittee had been laboring hard and with good efiect. 

The addresses by Pres. A. O. Sraoot and Supt. D. John, though 
short were replete with good counsel and instruction to pupils 
and audience. 

On Monday the children assembled at 9 a. m. at the Hall, and 
after singing and prayer formed into line, with the Brass Band 
at the head of the procession, and marched down to Bro. IJenj. 
Brown's grove, where the day was spent in dancing upon the 
lawn, swinging, riding upon the whirligig, boys climbing the 
greased pole, running races blind-fold, etc. etc. A dance was 
given in ttie evening for the teachers, a real social party which 
all enjoyed. Supt. Paxman in a short address thanked all who 
had assisted, in words from the heart, and felt that through the 
harmonious action of brothers and sisters this result had bten 
brought about. Vours, 

J. B. F. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVEKY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

^S-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"JiDiToa Juvenile iNSTRUcroE." 




