
Galium in t\t |T0ri! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 1G, 1873. 



NO. 17. 



.A. 2ST I1TOIDB1TT I3ST AFRIGAIsT LIFE. 




Africa and its 
inhabitants 
are always sub- 
jects of interest 
to the people of 
civilized coun- 
tries. Igno- 
rance in regard 
to that continent 
is still very gen- 
eral, which is no ™ 
doubt one great Kj| 
cause of the in- 
terest felt in re- 
gard to it. It 
is of vast extent, 
its climate is 
very severe on 
the constitutions 
of white men; 
most of the na- 
tives are totally [ 
uncivilized, 
many of them 
savage as Ind" 
ans, some of 
them cannibals; 
then, in the in- 
terior of the 
country, the lit- 
tle of it thus far 
explored, des- 
erts are found 
in which every 
discomfort has 
to be endured. 
Sometimes the 
traveler under- 
goes great suf- 
fering through 
scarcity of wa- 
ter; very often 
he is in danger 
from numerous 
and venomous 
reptiles and 
wild beasts; at 
others his life is 




in peril from the 
fierce natives 
now and then 
met with, so 
that altogether 
the courage and 
perseverance of 
the most untir- 
ing explorers do 
little to unravel 
the secrets of 
that most mys- 
terious of the 
four quarters of 
the earth. 

The papers, 
a few months 
since, contained 
a short account 
of an event in 
native African 
life, which was 
a very good il- 
lustration of the 
savage character 
of the people. 
Two of the 
chiefs, who had 
long been at va- 
riance, were fi- 
nally reconciled, 
and met and 
gave each other 
hand of fel- 
lowship. To ce- 
ment this peace 
and make it last- 
ing, oneof them, 
in accordance 
with a native 
custom, brought 
one of his slaves 
along, and had 
h i m put to 
death iu a very 
cruel manner. 
Such a mode of 
ratifying a trea- 





ISO 



JTJYEUILB I2STSTBTJCTOR 




ty of peace is horrible to the minds of civilized men, but it 
shows the depths of savagery and darkoess into which the 
native Africans have fallen. 

Oar very beautiful engraving, on the first page,~illustrates an 
incident in African life, the reading of which you will no doubt 
find very interesting. The story is said to be true. Its princi- 
pal characters are Garra, a slave, the crouching figure behind 
the white man. His master, the savage chief, Libe, the one 
with the plume of feathers on his head, and Arthur Vaughan, 
an English trader and adventurer. We had better tell you 
that of all white people the English are best known to the 
native tribes of Africa, for the English have taken the lead in 
exploring the country, in forming colonies there, and also in 
putting a stop to the slave trade, of which so many thousands 
of the native Africans have been victims. 

Garra was a runaway slave, and his master and others were 
in pursuit of him. Oa, on from his pursuers flies he with speed 
winged by fear. He hears the sounds of pursuit behind him, 
but gasping , weary, almost exhausted, still he flies for his life. 

Garra had been accused by his master, of having bewitched 
his son; an accusation which, in that superstitious land, has 
cost the life of many an innocent victim. Girra, to escape the 
death to which he is doomed, is trying to flee to the coast, 
where a Christian mission is settled. lie knows that if he falls 
into the hands of Libe, his master, he will liud no mercy; never 
was the fierce savage known to spare 

A river is now before Garra, — he swims as if born to the 
water, but his strength is almost gone; scarcely can he strugglj 
up the opposite bank, — he turns one moment to look for his 
pursuers. They are already plunging into the water behind 
him! A dart comes whistling through the air, sent with an aim 
too true: it strikes the poor fugitive ou the leg, and Garra falls 
helpless to the groundl All hjpe of escape is now over, — the 
slave has nothing left but to diel The hunters are close upon 
him,— their prey is almost within their graspl 

But other eyes than those of the fierce Libe and his followers 
have been watching, with interest, the last desperate struggles 
of Garra. At the top of the river bank is a wagon, such as 
supplies travelers in Africa at once with a conveyance and a 
home. It is drawn by four oxen, under the guidance of a 
woolly haired negro, and contains a bad of ivory and skins, the 
little fortune of Arthur Vaughan, who is now taking it to the 
coast, to be shipped for England. 

He lad left his wagon under the charge of Jambo, his ser- 
vant, and was about to descend the bank of the river, in order 
to refresh himself by washing in its cooling waters, when his 
attention was attracted by the fierce yells which had struck 
terror into the heart of Garra. Looking down to see what was 
the object of pursuit, he perceived the miserable hunted slave 
struggling painfully up the bank, but a few yards before him. 
Jast as he gained the top, Garra, struck by the dart, fell 
not far from the Englishman's feet! Clearing the space between 
them with a bound, Arthur was instantly at the side of the 
prostrate, bleeding slave, and determined, if possible, to protect 
him. The young Englishman awaited the coming up of the 
pursuers. He had not long to wait. Libe, followed by his 
savage, dark-featured train, was soon at the spot. He was a 
till, powerful man, of fierce aspect, with a shield on his arm 
aud a club in his hand: a plume of feathers waved in his blac*-, 
woolly hair, and the skin of a panther hung over his shoulder. 

"Sparc the poor wretch!" exclaimed Arthur, pointing to Garra, 
who lay on the ground in sullen despair, making no effort to rise. 

"II • is Libe's slave, and Libe will kill him!" was the reply. 

"I will buy him from you," cried Arthur. 

''Libe will not sell him, — Libe will kill him!" exclaimed the 
chief brandishing his deadly weapon aloft. 

"See, yonder is my wagon," cried Arthur, "and in it all the 
goods that I have gathered. Take the largest aud finest tusk, 
and give me in exchange the life of this man." 



The greedy eyes of Libe were instantly turned in the direc- 
tion of the wagon, and Arthur, seizing what he hoped was a 
favcable moment, called to Jambo to bring him the largest 
elephant tusk. 

The servant obeyed: the goodly ivory was laid before the 
chief, but he spurned it disdainfully with his foot. ' 'Libe will not 
sell his revenge for that!" he exclaimed, with a scornful 
laugh. 

"I must bid higher," thought Arthur Vaughn, and he com- 
manded Jambo to bring one thing after another from the wagon 
and heap them on the ground before Libe. 

"This is my all," exclaimed Arthur. "There is enough to 
purchase many slaves: take it, and let this poor creature be 
mine." 

"Man of the pale face," cried the savage, "Libe has ivory 
and gold, and oxen and slaves, and when he wants more he 
calls out his warriors, and rushes on the neighboring tribes, as 
the river-horse crashes through the reeds, and bears off all that 
he will. Libe needs not thy spoils, white face. Libe seeks 
not gold, but blood!" and, at a sign from the chief, one of his 
followers flung another dart at the wretched Garra. 

Arthur saw the sign, and threw himself forward with uplifted 
arm, as if to stay the murderous weapon. It struck that 
uplifted arm, pierced through the youjg man's sleeve, and hung 
quivering in his fleshl 

An exclamation burst from the lips of Libe when he saw 
that the Englishman was struck. Libe, who would have 
thought little of sweeping hundreds of his dark fellow-coun- 
trymen from the face of the earth, feared to touch a hair of 
any head protected by the flag of Great Britain. 

Arthur read dismay on fhe countenance of the savage, and 
instantly followed up his advantage. 

"Thou dost not seek gold, but blood," he cried; "see, here 
it flows before thee, and for it account must be given!" He 
wrenched out the dart from his arm, aiid large heavy drops fell 
on the ground. 

"0 son of the ocean, Libe meant it not; Libe's heart is 
heavy," began the chief, who feared the punishment that 
might follow. 

''Have I not bought the slave?" exclaimed Arthur, pointing 
to Garra with his bleeding arm; "his life shall be thy fine; give 
him up, and there yet shall be peace between the white men 
and their dark brothers." 

"Be it so," answered Libe, glad to escape so easily from 
consequences which he dreaded; and then he and his party 
dashed down the bank once more, and began passing the river 
on their home-ward way, and the poor redeemed slave uttered 
a wild cry of joy, and, crawling up to his deliverer, embraced his 
knees, and covered his feet with kisses! ''Garra, the slave of 
the son of pity, the blood-bought, always a faithful slavcl" 
murmured the grateful savage. 

"No not a slave," said Arthur. "From this hour, Garr.n, 
you are as free as the air around us!" 

''Free!" exclaimed the pcor African, a bright flash of joy 
lighting up his swarthy features; "01 then is the blood-bought 
free to serve, free to give himself away, free to let eyes, and 
hands, and feet, and heart, all work till death for his Massa! 
That is the blood-bought's freedom, — Garra never wish for 
morel'' 

The Englishman had the rescued and wounded slave placed 
in his wagon and continued his journey. 

Garra awoke, much refreshed, just as the journey ended, 
and the creaking wheels of the wagon stopped before the hos- 
pitable door of the missionary, Mr. Paint. Being too weak to 
walk, Garra was carried into the house, and his bodily wants 
were attended to; when he recovered, the grateful African was 
never so happy as when performing some labor of love for, or 
seated at the feet of Mr. Vaughan who, at so great a risk, had 
rescued him from a savage master and a cruel death. 



& 





J TJ "V IE IT I L E IITSTBTJCTOR, 



131 




^ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

BOY'S VOYAG-E I^OTJITID 
TUB ATVOBvXjD. 
(Continued.) 




EVERYTHING was put ia ship shape order, preparatory to 
our "doubling the cape," and encountering the stormy 
weather we were sure to have. Our royal yards and masts 
were struck, the bow boat taken off the erains, and well secured 
on deck, as well as everything else that was movable or likely to 
give way ia a gale. The crew overhauled their cold weather 
clothing, and we all wished ourselves well around in the Pacific. 
We had a good breeze on our quarter and made a splendid run 
from the La Plata to the bland of Staten Land, situated in 54 
deg., 30 min. south latitude. The captaiu's intention to run 
through the strait of Le Maire, however, was frustrated, for 
while heading for the mouth of the strait, the wind suddenly 
shifted to the north and west, and gradually hauled around dead 
into our teeth, increasing in force during the night into a heavy 
gale, and so it continued for thirty-two days, 

"The gale howls doleful through blocks and shrouds, 

And big rain pours a deluge from the clouds; 
From wintry magazines that sweep the sky, 
Descending globes of hail impetuous fly," 

It came, in turns, from all points of the compass, but princi- 
pally from the north and west, until we had drifted almost on 
to the South Shetlsnd islands, in 62 deg. south latitude. This 
was giving us cape weather with a vengeance. Providence turned 
the wind in our favor, however, at last, and when we had 
almost given up all hope, a steady gale lor several days, blowing 
from the south-east, soon carried us to the north and west of 
the dreaded Tierra del Fuego. The island of Tierra del Fuego, 
(the land of fire) at the southern extremity of South America, 
is situated betweeu 52 deg. 30 min. and 55 deg. 35 miu. south 
latitude, and 66 deg. and 75 deg. west longitude, was so named 
by Magellan, the discoverer, who observed numerous fires burn- 
ing on it, supposed at the time to be volcauoes. It is a large 
island, said to contain 42,000 square miles. The aspect of the 
country is dreary and barren. The climate is as cold as that of 
Greenland, and in consequence of this extreme cold, neither 
animal nor vegetable life is luxuriant. The inhabitants are of 
a middle stature, with broad, fiat faces, high check bones and 
peculiarly long and broad noses. Their scanty clothing consists 
of seal skins, and their food is principally shell fish. To civil- 
ized people their appearance is disgusting. As far as can be 
ascertained, they have no lorm of government, and their ideas 
of religion appear to be as ill-defined. The island called Staten 
Land is divided from Tierra del Fuego by the strait of'Le Maire. 
Cape Horn is a promontory, on another small island to ih : south 
of Tierra del Fuego. 

Tierra del Fue;o is separated from th3 mainland of South 
America, called Patagonia, by the Straits of Magellan. Thsse 
straits were first discovered by Magellan, or Magelhaens, a 
Portuguese, in the service of Spain. He sailed through them 
in the year 1520, and by so doing discovered a passage from 
the Atlantic to the Pacific or Southern Ocean. He has gener- 
ally been considered the first navigator that sailed round the 
world, but having lost his life in a skirmish with some Indians 
on one of the Philippine islands before his ships returned to 
Europe, the honor ol being the first circumnavigator has been 
disputed in favor of the English navigator, Sir Francis Drake, 
who, in 1574, passed through the same strait on his way to 
India, returning to Europe by the Cape of Good Hope. In the 
year 1616, Le Maire, a Hollander, keeping to the southward of 
these straits, discovered, in latitude 54 deg., 30 min., another 
passage, since known by the name of the Straits of Le Maire. 

Patagonia derives its title from a nick-name, given to the 
inhabitants by Magellan's sailors. The Patagonians wear a sort 
of boot or leggings to protect their skin against thorns. These 



leggings are made of the skin of the guanaeo, the long hair 
spreading on either side of the foot. The sailors noticing the 
peculiar effect it produced, called the natives Patagones, or 
"duck-feet," a name that has ever since adhered to them and 
their country. 

Great numbers of Cape pigeons were in sight daily, also the 
albatross, a beautiful white bird, measuring fifteen and sixteen 
feet from tip to tip of i s wings. The sailors call the n ''goneya" 
for what reason I know not. They are ever on hand for some- 
thing to eat, appear at all times hungry and are sure to come 
around a ship when a whale is alongside. They are often caught. 
Their quills are not fit for p ns, but the sailors use them to 
splice their pipes. Their feathers make beds and pillows; their 
feet are skiuued, and made into tobacco pouches. As a general 
thing they are not eaten, although when properly cooked they 
are very palatable. We also saw numbers of the pretty little 
bird called the petrel, or "Mother Carey's chicken." It is 
smaller than the swallow, and very quick in its movements, but 
small as it is, it is generally found in company with the larger 
birds, but is unmolested by them. We saw several schools of 
porpoises, going through the water like race horses; and when 
close into the shore saw some fine specimens of the sea-lion or 
walrus. 

The captain's intention was to cruise for a month or two 
before going into port to recruit ship. We bore up for the 
island of Mocha, to get potatoes. When near the island we 
had another severe gale from the north-east, which lasted three 
days. The morning after the gale we spoke the -whale ship, 
''Atkins Adams," of Fair Haven, just out from the island. 
This ship reported that the crops had failed, and it was impos- 
sible to get vegetables for love or money. This news caused 
the captain to alter his plans. We had now been six months 
at sea, so he determined to run into port, and the ship's head 
was consequently pointed for the coast of Chili. 

(To he tonHnwd.) 



Slang Talk by Young Ladies. — Young ladies have 
but little idea of the impoliteness and bad effect of the 
slang phrases ofcen used iu so-called polite society. An ex- 
change says, in a word cf advice to any who are partially or 
wholly addicted to it: 

"You can have no idea how it sounds to ears unused or 
averse to it to hear a young lady say, when she is asked if she 
will go with you to some place, 'Not much!' or, if requested to 
do something, which she does not wish, to hear her say, 'Can't 
see itl' 

"Not long ago I heard a young miss, vfho is educated and 
accomplished, in speaking of a young man, say that she intended 
to 'go for him!' And, when her sister asked h^r assistance 
at some work, she answered, 'Not for Joel' 

"Now, young ladies of unexceptionable character and really 
good education fall into this habit, thinking it shows smartness 
to answer back in slang phrases; aud they soon slip flippantly 
from their torguos, with a saucy pertness that is neither lady- 
like nor becoming. 'I bet' or 'you bet' is well enough among 
men who are trading horses or land; but the contrast is startling 
and positively shocking to hear those words issue from the lips 
of a young lady. They seem at once to surround her with the 
rougher associations of men's daily life, and bring her down 
from the pedestal of purity to their own coarse level." 



I'll Thy. — Nuble motto, that. 'Til try," said Simpson, as 
he worked at the weaver's loom, and he became the greatest 
mathematician of the day. "I'll try," said Robert liruce, as 
when despairing, he witnessed the many attempts and final suc- 
cess of the spider. He tried, and gained the crown of Scotland 





133 



JTJYE1TILB INSTRTJOTOR, 




& 



®Jj$ etti&ttiilt f ttsf etulou* 



t 



CEORCE 0. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

S A T U R DA Y , AUGUST 16 , 1873. 



stjnjdj^y: school o-.a_t:e3:- 
zE~Riisra- -a/jt i logatst. 

(Continued) 



ADDRESS OF PRESIDENT G. A. SMITH. 




AM exceedingly thankful for the privilege 
of meeting with you this morning, and to 
see sueh a number of school children mani- 
festing so great a desire to receive the 
benefits of Sunday School instruction. The 
study of the principles of our holy religion, 
as developed in Sunday schools, is of the 
"utmost importance; and the disposition on 
the part of young persons, teachers and 
scholars, to attc nd Sunday school is one that 
should be encouraged. I have beeu gratified at 
and listened with much pleasure to the remarks 
made by President Cannon, and I know that 
the instructions which they contained will do 
good to all who remember and practice them. 
It has been my privilege, within the last few 
months, to travel over a considerable portion of the 
ground where the events recorded in the Bible trans- 
Vf\ I lireJ - I visited the portion of Egypt supposed to 
have been occupied by the children of Israel, and 
by Joseph when he was sold as a slave, and in which he dwelt 
while he was ruler of that land. I traveled over the route 
which, according to the best information that can be obtained, 
I believe to have been followed by the children of Israel when 
they journeyed from the Land of Goshen to the Red Sea ; and 
I was at or near the spot where they are supposed to have 
crossed on to the peninsula now called Sinai. 1 landed in Joppa, 
in Pal. Mine, now called Jaffa, the place, you will remember, 
where KingSolomon landed the cedars which he procured from 
Hiram, king of Tyre, for the building of the temple. While 
at Joppa the place was pointed out to me where tradition says 
tb ■ angel appeared to the apostle Peter, at d gave him the infor- 
mation that it was his duty to preach the gospel to the Gentiles. 
In the Scriptures this is called the house of Simon the tanner; 
but while it is very improbable that that identical house is still 
standing, the location the present one occupies is positively the 
Irue one, for it is by the sea side, and there are tan vats adjoin- 
ing. 

Prom Joppa wc went to Jerusalem, and on our way thither 
WC could see the land of the Philistines. We camped at the 
entrance to the valley of Ajalon, which you will remember is 
mentioned in the Scriptures. When the hosts of Israel under 
Joshua were contending with their enemies, on a certain occa- 
sion in order to increase the length of the day, so as to enable 
the Israelites to vai quisb their enemies before the going down 
of the Mm, the servant of tin' Lord performed a miracle in the 
sight of [sracl, saying, "Sun, stand thou siill upon Gibeon, and 
thou, Mo in, in the valley of Ajalon." We had our nooning 
near Kirjath jearini, the place at which, you who an: Pible stu- 
dents will remember, the Ark of God was suffered to remain 
twenty years, in the days of Samuel, a judge in Israel. 

When we reached Jerusalem we found it a small place, sur- 
rounded by a wall, with a few buildings outside of the wall. 
The wall is probably -even or eight hundred years old. There 




r£ 



are a few towers, some of which retain their ancient names- 
There is an old church there, called the Church of the Holy 
Sepulchre. It is believed to be built on the spot where Christ 
was crucified. This church is said to enclose almost every spot 
made memorable by the closing scenes of the life and death of 
the Redeemer— his sepulchre, the place of his crucifixion, 
the place where his side was pierced and his body prepared for 
burial and others; and whether the localities pointed out by the 
monks arc or are not the identical localities designated, they are 
very much reverenced, and have been visited by millions of peo- 
ple. Whilewe were there we saw a great number of people visit- 
ing the church of the Holy Sepulchre, mauy of whom would lie 
down on the ground and kiss it; they would kiss the floors, and 
the stones, and indulge in various manifestations of idol worship, 
the whole of which we regarded as entirely wrong. 

We wont into what was called the Holy Sepulchre, and on 
doing so a monk threw some holy water over us, a ceremony in 
which we had no faith. 

( To be continued. ) 



WITH this number we'prcsent our readers with one of the 
songs prepared for the approaching Jubilee. The music 
is by Professor Thomas, and the words are by Superintendent 
Samuel L. Evans of this city, being his first attempt at poetry 
as it is ours at publishing music. It has been our intention, 
and we believe we so announced to our readers, to publish 
music in this volume of the Juvenile INSTRUCTOR. Various 
causes have interposed to prevent the fulfillment of this inten- 
tion until the present. In our future numbers we shall publish 
music from time to time. 

Preparations are being made for the Jubilee to be held in the 
New Tabernacle in this city some time during the month of 
September. It is hoped that we shall be able to secure the 
attendance of several thousand children from this and the adja- 
cent couulies. The songs and music are prepared and we shall 
probably issue a number of the Juvenile Instructor which 
will be entirely devoted to the songs and music prepared for 
that occasion. We shall issue it as a regular number aud we 
hope to be able to supply all the demands ol schools aud others 
for copies of that number. 



ORIENTAL JUSTICE.— A poor Turkith slater ol Constan- 
tinople, being at work on the top of a house, lost his footing 
and fell into the narrow street upon a man who chanced to be 
passing at the time. The pedestrian was killed from the 
concussion, while the slater escaped without material injury. 

A son of the deceased caused the slater to be ai rested and 
taken before the! Cadi, where he made the most grave charge, 
and claimed ample redress. 

The Cadi listened attentively, aud in the end asked the slater 
what he had to say in his defense. 

''Dispeuser of Justice," answered the accused in humble 
mood, "it is even as this man says; but God forbid that there 
should be evil in my heart. I am a poor man, and know not 
how I can make amends." 

The son of the man v ho had been killed thereupon demanded 
that condign punishment should be inflicted upon the accused. 

The Cadi meditated a few moments, and said: 

''It shall be so." 

Then lo the slater he continued: 

''Thou shalt stand in the street wh re the father of this man 
stood when thou didst fall upon him." 

And to the accuser he added: 

''And thou shalt, if it so please thee, go upon the roof, and 
lall upon the culprit, even as he did fall upon thy father. Allah 
s great." 





J TJ "V" IE IsT I L E IHSTBUCTOR, 



133 




'\ 



THE FLYIETG- FISH. 

IF any of you ever become very attentive students of natural 
history you will be surprised to find bow close is tbe con- 
necting link between tbe various orders of animals and other 
productions of creative power to be found on the earth. You, 
no doubt, all know, that all these varieties of the Creator's 
works are separated by scientific men into three great kingdoms 
— the animal, vegetable and mineral, to the first of which 
belongs man and all forms of animal life that move and have a 
being upon the earth, in the air, or the waters; to the second 
belongs all vegetables, trees, herbs, shrubs, flowers and the 
like; while to the mineral kingdom belong rocks, soils, metals, 
precious stones, etc., no matter how different they may be in 
character or quality. These are the great divisions into which 
the works of creation are separated; the subdivisions are 
almost innumerable, and, as we have already said, the close 
student finds that tbe connecting link between them is very 
close. For instance, it is still a disputed point whether some 
of the very lowest forms of what some believe to be animal life 
really belong to the animal or vegetable kingdom, tbe qualities 
oi each are so blended that 
it is not decided which pre- 
ponderate. 

One, among the great 
subdivisions of the animal 
kingdom, is called the mam- 
malia. This subdivision 
includes a great variety of 
animals of very different 
character and habits, some 
geutle, others savage; some 
living on fruits, vegetables 
Hnd herbs; others are beasts 
of prey, and live only g on 
the flesh and blood of ani- 
mals. But all * animals 
which suckle their young, 
no matter how great the 
difference between them in 
other respects, are called 
mammalia. From this you 
can all at once declare that 
birds do not belong to tbe 
mammalia, for they do not 
suckle their young. But 
just to show you how curi- 
ously the leading points of the character of one or more orders of 
the animal creation may bo united in another, thus forming a 
close link between them. we will direct your attention to that 
curious, ugly, harmless creature called the bat. Perhaps some 
of you have never seen a bat. It is one of the most curious 
creatures in existence. It is generally classed among the birds, 
but it really belongs to the mammalia, for it suckles its 
young. It can fly very fast, but it never' flies except at night. 
When on the ground, its wings are doubled up and used as 
forefeet. It is a" very clumsy walker, its gait being a kind 
of a tumble first on one side then on the other. It does 
not have feathers t like°a biid, but hair; its head is a cood deal 
like that of a mouse. Its toes are a good deal like the four 
fingers and thumb of a monkey, and ^during tbe day it hang's 
by these toes with its head downward, to rest and sleep. 
When winter comes, it seeks some dark nook or cave, and there 
hangs in an unconscious state till the return of spring. It lives 
on insects. The bat is a splendid example of tbe union of the 
powers or characteristics of other animals, for it can fly like a 
bird, walk and give suck to its youug like the mammals and 
quadrupeds, and hybcrnates or goes to sleep during the winter 
like the reptiles. 




rP 



As a general thing, you know that fishes only can live in the 
water, yet there is a class of animals called amphibious, among 
which are the crocodile, seal, sea-lion, hippopotamus and 
others, which can live on both land and water, thus uniting the 
characteristics of both land and sea animals. Numerous and 
instructive illustrations might be mentioned to prove to you 
that the link is very close, between the various orders of crea- 
tion, but space will not permit now. 

Tbe beautiful engraving en this page is an illustration of this 
kind. You all know that the air is as much the home of birds, 
as the laud is, but there are very few birds that can fly or 
swim in and live under the water. Yet such a thing is not 
altogether unknown, as you will remember, it you recollect tha 
sketch given in these pages some months back of the penguin. 
You also know that the water is the natural home of all fishes, 
and that generally when they are taken therefrom they soon die. 
But widely different as birds and fishes are in every respect, 
there are members of tbe bird tribe that possess some of the 
characteristics of fishes; and, strange as it may seem, there is at 
least one of the denizens of the mighty deep that possesses to 
a striking degree, at least one of the characteristics of birds. 

This is the flying fish, a 
beautiful little member of 
the piscatory tribes that 
can, when necessa^', leave 
the waters aud find safety 
in the air by flying. It is 
also called the "sea swal- 
low," because it is like the 
swallow in its flight. On 
first seeing it, one might 
suppose it to bo a bird. 
There are thr< e or four va- 
rieties of this fish, the 
most beautiful being found 
only in tbe Mediterranean 
and lied Seas. Some have 
four wings,others only two. 
The life of the flying 
fish does not seem to be a 
very happy one, for, al- 
though he isquite small, and 
naturally inoffensive, he has 
many enemies, both in tbe 
air and in the water. In 
the water the dolphin and 
other fishes, much larger 
than ho is himself, are his inveterate foes, aud never fail to 
pounce upon him when opportunity offers, the only chance of 
the flying fish being by flight. His wings are then called into 
play, and away he goes into the air. But, as we have just 
said, he has enemies above as well as under the waters, and 
when between sea and sky tbe sea birds are as ready to pounce 
upon and devour the delicate little morsel as the dolphins below, 
and to escape the" birds, he must again descend to the regions 
of Neptune, so that it really seems that the flying fish is all the 
time between two fires, and has to exercise constant watchful- 
ness to preserve himself. 

He cannot fly very far, nor yet, long at a time, for as soon as 
bis wings get dry he drops into the wat^r, so that while he can 
live in both water aud air, be can make no use of the latter 
without a constant supply of the former. Taken altogether, 
the flying fish is a curious specimen of the Creator's handi- 
works, and is a singular illustration of the combination of some 
of the powers and characteristics of two very distinct orders 
of the animal kingdom. ' 



Tut iik is no worse death (ban the ignorance of the t 



N-.. 





134: 



0""CT"V"E!1TII-.E HTSTRTJOTOB. 




UTS 



T O JEZj IT O IF 1 

CHURCH. 
(Continued.) 



T H IE 




rPHE pioneers had started upon a journey of as great impor- 
L tance as was ever made by any company of men of whom 
we have any account. Persecuted in the states of the Union, 
where they had resided, the time had come when to find a rest- 
ing place where the saints could dwell in peace, free from mur- 
der, violence and robbery, they must seek a home far beyond 
the confines of so-cal'ed civilization. Their fellow-countrymen 
and people of the same race would not suffer them to worship 
their God according to the dictates of their own consciences 
and the revelations of Jesus. Now they were under the neces- 
sity, therefore, of seeking that quiet and liberty among the red 
men of the deserts and mountaius which so-called Christians 
had refused to permit them to enjoy. When the history of 
these proceedings shall be written for the generations after us 
to read, they will be astonished that men professing to be the 
followers of the meek and lowly Savior should be guilty of such 
acts of barbarity, or should permit them to be committed, as 
the saints suffered from. They will wonder how it could be 
possible that the people ould not see that they were indulging 
in the same spirit as the Jews had who persecuted and crucified 
the Son of God ; and especially when they saw so-called minis- 
ters of religion leading and urging on mobs to destroy the pro- 
perty of the saints, to drive them from their homes and murder 
them. They will wonder why they failed to see the resemblance 
between their conduct and that of the Pharisees and high 
priests of old, who persecuted Jesus and his apostles. It is 
worthy of remark here that, in all the persecutions which the 
Latter-day Saints have endured, ministers who professed to 
teach the gospel of the Son of God, have been the most active 
in stirring up feelings of hatred and animosity; and exciting 
the people over whom they had influence to acts of violence 
against the saiuts. To-day they are the most unrelenting and 
bitter, enemies of any class to the church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints. Poubtless there are very many worthy 
men among them who are opposed to persecution and every- 
thing of that character ; but we speak of them as a class, and 
we say that many of them prove by their actions that ttiey have 
the same spirit that the Scribes and Pharisees possessed in an- 
cient days. 

I'nder the leadership of President Brigham Young aud his 
brethren of the Twelve Apostles, the pioneer camp started to 
find in some remote part of ih : land — in the recesses of the 
Rocky Mountains, a place to which the saints could gather. 
Many of the people felt that if they could reach a healthy land 
where they could obtain sufficient food to sustain nature, how- 
ever poor it otherwise might be, they would be content. They 
were tired of mobs; they were tired of having their houses 
burned, their hard earnings destroyed; the lives of their fami- 
lies endangered, and living in a condition of constant apprehen- 
sion. They were tired, too, of the threats which were con- 
stantly made and the machinations which were constantly 
formed against the lives of the men whom God had chosen to 
lead them. Hut little was known concerning the Pocky Moun- 
tain country. A few persons had passed through, but their 
descriptions were of a very vague and unsatisfactory character, 
and the little they said alxjut the land was unfavorable to it as a 
place for any large nambet of people to reside in ; but Presi- 
dent Young had the assurance of the revelations of Jesus that, 
in that region, the saints should find a resting place where they 
Bhonld grow and increase, free from mobs and their afflictions. 
Before his death the prophet Joseph also had predicted that in 
the Rocky Mountains the Saints should become a numerous and 
great people. We shall probably in a future number give you 
a detailed account of the pioneer journey. Peace and prosper- 
ity attended the compmy in its travels. 



On reaching Bear River, which is cow in this Tenitory, Prj - 
ident Young had a severe attack of mountain fever and he was 
very sick. He proposed that the pioneers proceed over the 
mountains, and when a suitable location was found, they should 
plant potatoes and corn. The proposition was approved and 
an advance company pushed ahead. Elders Orson Pratt and 
Erastus Snow rode into Salt Lake valley on the 21st of July. 
They made a circuit of about ten miles and returned to their 
camp late in the evening. The next day the advance company 
entered the valley and encamped on the banks of kanyon creek. 
Ou the 23rd they moved about three miles and encamped on a 
part of wV-at is now known as the Eighth Ward in this city. 
The same day President Young crossed the Big Mountain. 
When on its summit he directed Elder Wilford Woodruff, in 
whose carriage he was lying sick, to turn it around so that he 
could have a view from that point of a portion of Salt Lake 
valley. The spirit of light rested upon him and hovered over 
the valley and he felt that there was the place the Saints would 
find protection and safety. The next day, the 24th, he and the 
brethren who had remained behind with him entered the val- 
ley. The next day a meeting was held, and the fact was noted, 
that though many of the company were sick when they started 
from Winter Quarters, none had died on the journey, nor had 
an animal died, though a few were lost through carelessness. 
Some of the brethren talked about exploring the couutry fur- 
ther for the site fir a settlement. President Young said that 
he was quite willing that the country should be explored till all 
were satisfied ; but that every time a party went out and 
returned, he fully believed they would agree that this, Salt Lake 
valley, was the spot for the location to be made. It is a remarka- 
ble fact and shows conclusively the manner in which Presider.t 
Young was led of the Lord, that all the subsequent explorations 
of this country have proved Salt Lake City to be the best point 
at which the saints could have settled in the beginning. The 
more the country is known the more clearly this appears. Im- 
mediately upon the arrival of the pioccers in the valley the 
members commenced plowing and putting seed into the gn und. 
The site for the city was selected and the point for the erection 
of the temple was designated by the President and the council. 
It was also voted that the city lots should be ten by twenty rods; 
that is, one and a quarter acres, and that the streets should be 
eight reds wide. A fort was laid out at which all hands com- 
menced to work building houses and walls, and industry and 
activity prevailed in the camp. A detachment of the battalion 
which had been left in New Mexico under the command of 
Captains James Brown and Nelson Iliggins, and Lieutenant 
Wesley Willis, accompanied by a small company of brethren 
who started from the State of Mississippi in 1S4H, arrived in 
the valley on the 29th of July. The meeting between these 
brethren of the battalion and the pioneers was a very happy 
one, and they joined in the labors of forming a settlement. A 
brush bowery was built under which meetings were held. It 
was recommended by President Young that all who desired to 
be Latter-day Saints should be re-baptized and re-confirmed. 
He set the example himself by going forth and being re-bap- 
tized by Brother Heber C. Kimball. All the brethren of the 
camp were also re-baptized and re-confirmed; and this has been 
a starjding rule up to the present time, that all who conic here 
from the nations of the earth should renew their covenants, by 
going forth into the water and being re-baptized. 

( To l>e am/inwii.) 



RXHXUBEB boys, that there are few great accomplishments 
without correspondingly great efforts. If you ever expect to 
attain to greatness, strive for it, and hold on to every step you 
gain. L>o not wait for circumstances to lift you up, but mold 
circumstances, or you will meet ouly with disappointment. 





JTJV EFILB INSTBTJOTOE. 



135 




questions a.3stid -a.3st- 

sweb,s oust the book! 

of :m:o-R,:m:o:£t. 

CATECHISM FOK SUNDAY SCnOOLS. 



Q— 

A 

Q— 

A.— 

Q-- 
A. 

Q- 

A— ' 

Q— 

A.— ' 

Q.— 
A.—' 
Q.— 

A. 

Q-- 

A. 

Q- 

A.— 

Q 

A.— 

Q. 

A.—' 

Q.- 

A.— 

Q.- 

A.— 

Q. 

A — 

before 

Q-- 

A- 



LES=ON XXXIII. 

How long was it before Abinadi prophesied lo them again? 

Two years. 

How did he preach among them? 

He went among them in disguise, that they knew him not. 

What was the nature of his predictions? 

■That they should he smitten with sore afflictions. 

What did he say atiout king Noah? 

That his life should he valued as a garment in a hot furnace. 

What effect did his words have upon the people? 

They became angry with him. 

What did they do to him? 

■They took him and carried him bound before the king. 

What did king Noah do with him? 

He had him cast into prison. 

What did the priests tell king Noah to do with him? 

To bring him before them that they might question him. 

Were they able to get advautage of Ahinadi? 

No; he confounded them in all their words. 

Did he explain the scriptures to them? 

Yes. 

What effect did it have upon them? 

They attempted to take him away and slay him. 

Did they succeed in binding him then? 

No, they did not. 

Why not? 

Because they durst not lay hands upon him. 

Why did they not dare to lay their hands upon him? 

Because he said that God should smite them if they touched him 

he delivered the message the Lord had sent him to give to them. 

Did he deliver that message? 

Yes, he spoke unto them with great boldness. 



LESSON XXXIV. 



Noah and 




Q. — Did the words of Ahinadi have any effect upon kin! 
his priests? 

A. — There was only one young man among the priests who believed 
the words of Abinadi. 

Q. — What wag his name? 

A. — Alma. 

Q —When he believed what did he do? 

A. — He plead with the king to let Abinadi go in peace. 

Q. — Did the king listen to him? 

A. — No, it made him very angry and he tried to kill Alma. 

Q. — Who wrote the history which we have of AMnadi's works? 

A. — Alma, when he hid from the king. 

Q. — What became of Abinadi? 

A. — He was burned to death. 

Q. — What was the cause whirh king Noah assigned foi killing him? 

A. — Because he said that God himself should come down among 
the children of men. 

Q. — Did Abinadi make tins statement? 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — To whom did he refer in thus speaking? 

A. — To Jesus Christ. 

Q. — How long was this before the birth of the Savior? 

A. — Nearly two nun d red years. 

Q. — How did AbluadI know that Jesus should come down among 
the children of men? 

A. — By revelation from God. 

Q. — What were Abinaili's last words? 

A. — He prophesied concerning the judgments that God should send 
upon them. 

Ci. — What course did Alma take after the death of Abinadi? 

A. — He went privately among the people and taught the wolds of 
Abinadi. 

Q. — Uid many people believe his words? 

A.— Yea. 

Q.— What did they do? 

A.— They gathered at a place called Mormon to hear his words. 



sw:e:r,s oisr the 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



Subject — Histoky of Joseph. 

LESSON XXXIII. 

Q.— When Israel tool; his journey with all that he had, to what 
place did he come? 

A. — Beer-shcta. 

Q.— What did he do there? 

A.— He offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac. 

Q. — What occurred to Jacob during the night? 

A. — God spake unto him in visions. 

Q. — What did God say unto Jacob in those visions? 

A. — That he should not fear to go down into Egypt, for he would 
make of him a great nation. 

Q. — What else did the Lord prom se Jacob? 

A — That he would surely bring him up again, and that Joseph 
should place his hand upon his eyes. 

Q. — After this did Jacob continue his journey to Efrypt? 

A. — Yes; he and all his house. 

Q. — How many souls went with Jacob into Egypt? 

A. — "Three score and six." 

Q. — Whom did Jacob send to Joseph? 

A — Judah. 

Q. — For what purpose did he scud uim? 

A. — To direct his face uuto Goshen. 

Q.— What then did Joseph -do? 

A. — He "made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel, his 
father, to Goshen " 

Q. — After Joseph had presented himself to his father what did 
he do? 

A. — "He fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while." 

Q. — What did Israel then say unto Joseph' 

A. — "Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, because thou art 
yet alive." 

Q. — What did Joseph say unto his brethren? 

A. — That he would go to Pharaoh and tell him of their arrival, and 
that they were shepherds. 

LESSON XXXIV. 

Q. — What did Joseph advise his brethren to fay when Pharaoh 
should ask their occupation? 

A. — "Thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth 
even until now, both we, and also our fathers." 

Q. — What object did Joseph have in view? 

A. — That they might dwell in the land of Goshen. 

Q. -How did the Egyptians regard shepherds? 

A. — As an abomination. 

Q. — How many of his brethren did Joseph present unto Pharaoh? 

A.— Five. 

Q. — What did Pharaoh then say to Joseph after he had learned 
their occupation ? 

A. — To let his brethren dwell in Goshen and make them rulers over 
his cattle. 

Q.— Whom else did Joseph bring to Puaroah? 

A. — Jacob, his father. 

Q.— What did Jacob do to Pharaoh? 

A. — He blessed him. 

Q. — What question did Pharaoh ask of Jacob? 

A — "How old art thou'"' 

Q, — What reply did Jacob make? 

A. — That he was 130 years old and had not yet attained lo the age 
of his father. 

Q. — What did Joseph gather up for the corn which he sold during 
the famine? 

A. — All the money that was found in the lauds of Egypt and 
Canaan. 

Q, — What did Joseph do with the money? 

A. — He brought ii into Pharaoh's bouse. 

Q, — When the money failed what did the people then pay to Joseph 
for bread? 

A. — Their cattle and horses. 

Q. — When the cattle were all sold to Joseph what wus the next 
thing they gave for food? 

A. — Their land. 





136 



CT IT ^T IE ZL\T I IL IE IFSTBUOTOB. 




OPEFIUG 



HYMN 



Words it \m: it. L Evans. 
Moderato: 



a 
o 



In 



Music r.y I'ttor. C. J. Thomas. 

It 



m m' m ' ~jV 

Lord, ao-cept our Ju - bi - lee, And from all care lot us be free, To 



^ ^ c^ hfrf^WW 




is 



pray, to sing, and to be taught Thy ways, Lord, with all our heart, 

- r r t*- » 



? — r 



:*=rac 



• 1 H 



H 1 5~ 

. 1 1 



±= 



Let thy good spirit on us rest, 

inoand all ma; thus be blest; 
t'nite our hearts with one accord, 
To comprehend thy will, < > Lord. 



Mess Brighara young, wo children pray; 

Thy chosen Twelve, hi what they say; 
Thy elders, priests, and teachers too, 
Their labors bless in all they do. 



Our Sunday Schaols, may they heroine 
The crowning pride of old and young! 
And all'lind out the better way. 
For this and more wc all will pray. 



SditliB JoetUy* 



BABY'S IPIR^YIEIR,. 




"Now I lay rnc" — and the eyes. 
The roguish eyes of laogblng blur, 

Full of mischief, are unclosed 
Ere tin prayei is half way through. 

"Down to Bleep"— and the lids, 

like white curtains, an let don D; 
For tlic baby's eyes bavocanghl 

•lust a gMmpse of mamma's frown. 
"I pray the Lord my soul to keep" 

I be rosy lips say softly nOW . 

May the iluiy Father keep 
A I ways ai pur. that snowy brow. 

"If I should die before I wake"— 

Solemn words so softly said. 

M iv the Hcavciiiv 1 '.it Hit spare 
Long our little darling's head. 

"I pray the Lo~d my soul to take." 

Ah Father! whin that hour shall come, 

M iv thou indeed be very near, 
Ami take him to his angel home, 

"And this I ask for Jesus' take." 
O baby, prayers as pure as thine 

Truly God will always b. ir, 
When oiler, d at Hi- bolysbl 

"Amen" — and at the last sweet v. or. I 

Laughing Is raised the golden ' 

Ab! lil tie does the tiaby knew 

urn words that he has said. 



I'miTt .vf. is like tie sides of April, mmctnni i cloudy, and 
sometimes dear ami favorable. 



THE ISTEW BOlsTIsTEP. 



A foolish little maiden bought a foolish little bonnet, 

With a ribbon and a feather and a bit of lace upon it; 

And, that the other maidens of the little town might know it, 

•She thought she'd go to meeting the next Sunday, just to show it. 

But, though the little bonnet was scarce larger than a dime, 

The getting of it settled proved to lie a work of time ■ 

So, when 'twas fairly tied, all the bells had stopped their ringing, 

And when she came to meeting, sure enough, the folks were singing. 

So this foolish little maiden stood and waited at the door, 
And she shook her rulllesoul behind and smoothed them down before. 
"Hallelula! halleluia!" sane; the choir above her Ik ad. 
"Hardly knew you! hardly knew you, were the words she thought 
they said. 

This made the little maiden feci so very, very cross 

That she gave her little mouth a twist, by little head a toss; 

For she thought the very hymn they sung was all about her bonnet, 

W ilh the ribbon and the feather and the bit of lace upon it. 

And she would not wait to listen to the sermon or the prayer, 
But pattered down the silent street, and hurried up the stair, 
Till she revolted her little bureau, and in a hand-ho\ on if 
Had hidden sale from eiilie's eyes her foolish little bonnet. 

Which proves! my little maidens, that each of yon will And 

In i". cry Sabbath service but an echo of your mind; 
And that, little head, that's Idled with silly little airs, 
Will never eet a blessing from sermon or from prayers. 



J-TJ\TETSTIT_.E inSTSTRUCTOR 

Ih ptili'mliod in Salt Lake CMty, Utah Territory, 
KVKKV OTBHB HATItiUIAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum $1 00. 

W drain brought t<i this city for the ,.Ii-vi;mi,k Instuiictiiii will 
borooolvodat the office of pui«r -I»i:-i:iurr Nkwh IIuii.diniis. 




