" BUT WITH AI^L THY GETTING f-- 
GET UNDERSTANDING." "^ 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 15. 18G7. 



NO. 20. 



THE GK.^STj\.I_, if .a. IL. J^ O El 



NEAR a small village called Sydenham, a few miles to the 
south of the vast City of London, stands the beautiful 
building shown in our engraving. It is called the Crj-stal Palace. 
Well may it be called a palace, for few of the monarchs of earth 
can boast such a lovely dwelling place. 

The reason why it is called Crystal is because it is built almost 
entirely of glass, except the frame work, which is of iron; and 
the glass shining in the sun gives it an air of beauty and 
enchantment, reminding those who see it of .some of the fanci- 
ful castles spoken of in fairy tales. 

If we could take our little friends by the hand, we would lead 
them into the building and 
explain to them the vast trea- 
sures of nature and art 
contained therein. Such of 
course we cannot do. But 
we will for a moment sup- 
pose we are there, beneath 
the roofs of its lofty nave, 
with the privilege to go 
where we will. On one 
side we can visit most of 
the nations of the earth in 
their own homes. For here 
are exact models of the 
dwellings of men who have 
pa.st away hundreds of years 
ago. We can take a glimpse 
at the house of one of the 
rulers of the world, who 
dwelt in Rome, when Rome 
was in its power. We can 
peep into the chamber of a resident of Pompeii, before Vesu- 
vius engulphed that ill-fated city in its sea of burning lava. We 
can visit the Assyrian, the Egyptian, the Greek and the Moor in 
their own houses and notice tlieir peculiar stylos of architecture. 
All beautiful, but all difl'erent, and can learn in a few niouicnts' 
time, better than we could from the study of a hundred books, 
the way men have built their houses from tlie age of Abraham 
to the day we live in. Further on, towering up to the lofty 
roof, we gaze with surprise on the exact models of the colossal 
figures that .stood at the entrance of the Egyptian temples, and 
cast their shadows on the Nile, in the days when the I>ord, 
through Moses, turned its waters into blood. 

This palace is indeed a grand teacher, from which we can 
learn, by direct contact with men's own works, of the arts, the 
s<'iences, the learning, the civilization and the glory of man- 
kind. We may view the savage of Australia or Southern 



Africa, just as he roams midst his desert sands, and compare 
his face, his form and his attainments, with the ajjpearance, the 
works and the achievements of the mightiest men who have 
dwelt amidst civilization. Nor are the works of man alone 
exhibited; for we are suiTOunded with the bright colors and 
sweet scents of the flowers of the tropics, and can wander 
amongst groves of palms, orange trees and others that grow in 
those warm climates, and almo.st fancy that instead of being in 
foggy, damp England we have taken a journej' to either India. 
Outside the palace are beautiful gardens and jileasure 
grounds, where vast fountains, throwing up immense bodies of 




water, and cascades falling in the midst of flower beds and fine 
statuary, add beauty and diversity to the view. All that men 
can do has been done to make it lovely and attractive to the 
lover of nature and the student of mankind. 

The following is a short description of the building and its 
size. It consists of a nave with two side aisles, two nuiin 
galleries, two wings and three transepts, the length ol the nave 
being JOUS feet. The central transept is 3S4 feet long; the two 
side ones 3J2 feet. The width of the luive is 72 feet, and its 
height 110 feet. The centre transept is 174 feet liigh. The 
(iardens and Park occupy 2(10 acres. The foimtainsand water- 
works are the mo.st reniarkalilo in the world. When the whole 
.systems of fountains is displayed, no less than J1,7SS jets are in 
operation, throwing 120,(100 gallons of water per minute. 
Some of the colunins of water being thrown to a height of 2S() 
feet, or f(n;r times as high, iroin the ground, as the top of the 
rod' of the new Tabernacle. G. R. 



b\^ 



-fe^^ti 



^'^^, ±S4= 



J" TJ "^ E HiTI L E in^STI^TJCTOI^, 



':Qi 



THZiB nvnoi^'iTiisra- noxji?.. 






"TITHAT does this mean, uiamnia?" asked Emily, looking 
T T up from the book she had been reading, — 'The morn- 
ing hour has gold in its mouth.' It is not true, is it." 

"Quite true, my daughter, though not just as you may at first 
think." 

"But I have never seen it, dear mother." 

"Xo, j'ou do not rise early enough. It is gone before eight 
o'clock comes." 

"Then may I got up real early to-morrow morning, just as 
soon as it is light, and try to find out what it means for myselt? 
I would rather find it out than have you tell me." 

"Yes, Emily, you are quite old enough to begin early rising. " 

"Thank you, mamma, but it will seem such a long time till 
morning. I wish it were night now." 

"Don't wish the hours away, dear, there is gold in every one 
of them if you will look closely." 

"Ah, I think you luive given mo the key to the riddle now," 
laughed Emily. "I will try to be patient, and to-morrow will 
tell whether I am right." 

When Emily awoke next morning from the sound, sweet 
sleej) of childhood, the birds were singing .so loudly and cheerily 
that she wondered she eould ever have slejit amid so much 
music. She sprang from her bed, dressed herself cjuietly, so as 
not to wake little Charlie, who slept with her, and went to the 
window. She knew, of course, that she would not really see 
gold, but she was curious to know why the morning hour was 
so much better than any other. 

How still and pure was the scone upon which she looked! 
Nothing awake save the birds; the stars and moon just begin- 
ning to fade out from the sky. and the east tinged with a flush, 
warm, yet soft as that of a freshly opened ro.se. As she 
watched, the clouds waxed brighter and brighter, till the sky 
seemed aflame with their crimson banners, then grew fainter 
as they ro.se, while waves of light, like molten gold, breaking 
over them, showed that the sun was not far behind. 

The lambs began to stir on the hillsides, — the cattle to low 
in the fields, — Robin answered Dlue-Bird fnjni the elm tree, — 
Blue-Bird called to Lark in the air, — Lark on his way to the 
sun, droiiped a note to Oriole of the golden robe, and Oriole 
warbled it to Starling of the crim.son wing, who, in company 
with .some dozens of his fellows in the meadow, was repeating 
all the songs he had ever heard. 

The dew glittered on leaf and bush, the go.s.samer lay, in 
sheets of silver, on the grass, and the mist rose lightly from 
the breast of the river, tangling its filmy folds among tlie 
willow branches, then about their tops, then floating up, up, 
till it became a cloud, looking as soft and pure against the blue 
sky as if it had never touched the earth. 

"How beautiful!" thought Emily, "and I have missed all 
this every ilay, for all thc.^e mornings must have been just as 
lov.ly while I lay fooli>hly slecjiing them away. How all crea- 
ture.s seem first to give thanks and praise to God for keeping 
them through the dark, still night, and then to go busily and 
cheerfully to work. I am sure mamma would say, 'Here is a 
lesson for my Emily,' and T will try to heed it." 

So she said her prayer, nut forgetting to thank God for the 
fresh glorious morning. 

Next she .sought her work-basket, ^^'llat an airay presented 
itself as she raised the lid; bits of thread and cotton; handl'uls 
of knotted .«ilk skeins; an apri:n vuilienuned; an embroidery 
pattern just conimericcd. its Worste<l wound around the knitting- 
needles c)f a stocking long ago begun. 

A sad prospect, but her heart was full of thankfulness, and 
the.^e words of the Psalmist had .set themselves to the tnn(! of 
her thoughts, "earlj in the morning will I praise Thee, O Lord," 



and filled up the time with .sweet repetitions, so that she did 
not heed the moments, and what had at first .seemed so hard 
was soon finished, and her work-box in order before the break- 
fast bell rang. 

"Any gold this morning, my daughter?" asked her mother, 
when prayers were over and they were seated about the table. 

"Some grains, mamma," was the cheerful answer, "and 
among them, this, that I am ready for breakfast with you, 
which I so often miss. I declare I feel ashamed to think how 
idle I have been!" 

"You needed the sleep when you were younger and not very 
strong, but now I think with you, that it is time for a change." 

"So Emily is going to be my robin after this," said her father, 
smiling. "I think her affairs will soon begin to prosper, hke 
those of the man who saw the white sparrow." 

"A story, papa> please tell it me," cried the little girl, in 
delight at this pleasant prospect, for she was very foud of 
stories. 

"It is a long time since I read it, but I may recall enough to 
show you the moral." 

"What does that mean, papa? Please tell me?" 

"It means the le.sson the ttory teaches. Have you found a 
moral for your sentence, "the morning hour has gold in its 
mouth?' " 

"0, yes, that is plain; it is so fresh and bright, and we gain 
so much time for work or study by early rising." 

"Very well, my dear; now for the stoiy. 'The old man who 
dwelt at Frondon was very wealthy. He had many servants, 
and his large estate was kept in perfect order, but the dim rooms 
of the great house were seldom opened, for his son was abroad 
and the i)Oor man led a lonely life, for all his riche.s. He never 
had any company unless, as the aged housekeeper declared, the 
dark, old pictures came down from their frames and talked with 
him. She was sure when she went in one night, before the 
lamps were lighted, that she had seen the figure of an old lady, 
that hung nearest tlie fire-place, settling hastily back into its 
place with a flutter of its wide cap frill, but the butler said it 
was only the glimmer of the firelight that deceived her. 

"By and by he died, and after a year the son came homo. 
What a change for Frondon! The rooms were opened and 
filled with gay company, and in the evenings blazed witli light, 
while the grim o:d pictures .seemed to shrink farther back in 
their frames with anger. New servants, to whom the young 
man trusted every care, replaced the old ones, and things went 
fast to waste; debts and trouble sjiringiiig up as if by magic. 
But none of his many friends warned the heir, for they liked 
too well to help spend his money. At last came one wdiom he 
had known abroad and who soon saw the state of affairs. 

" 'Frantz,' said he, one day, 'things are going wrong with 
you.' 

" 'Very true,' was the answer, 'but how can I help it?" 

" "You must see the white sparrow. After that all will be 
right.' 

" 'And where does he keep himself?' laughed Fiantz. 'He 
must be a wi.se biril, truly, if he can help me.' 

" 'There is but one way. Ydu must rise at dawn and go all 
over your estate every morning until you find him.' 

"Frantz thanked his friend, who was leaving him, and |)romi- 
sed to do so. Next morrjing he began his search, but tlinugh 
he looked closely no liird apjiearcd. But he found things all 
left at loo.se ends about the jilace; so ho resolved to .see what 
the .servants were about. They were not expecting him, for he 
was seldom out till noon; and everywhere he found mischief 
The buttler was stealing his best wine, the housekeeper flirting 
with the coachman, while her maids wore gossijiing in the dairy; 
the overseer taking the house-maid to ride in his master's car- 
riage; the men idling in the fields, except one who was digging 



^'C 



CTTJ^El^ILE IIsrSTI^.TJCTOI^. 



faithfullj' at a ditch, whistling gaily as he worked. Him Fiantz 
chose for his overseer; the rest left Frondoii that da.v. You 
niaj' be sure Frantz never again slept away the mornings, or 
failed to see for himself that his place was cared for; nor did 
he ever cease to be grateful to the true friend who had taken so 
kind a way to show him his folly. So Frondon came again to 
be as thriving as in his father's time, though never quite so 
gloomy." 

As Emily tripped away to school after her morning work was 
done, she began to think of some dark days she had known. 
Perhaps you have seen such times — mornings when you come 
down stairs, cross and hurried, and put the whole house under 
a cloud; when every one seems tiresome and eveiything goes 
wrong; and so the days drag on through all their heavy hours, 
heavy for your own fault, for God gave them to you to be happy 
in. Now, thinking of them, she wondered how thoy had hap- 
pened; everything made her feel so happy, from the bird on the 
bough to the clean-looking grass-blades, with their plentiful 
jewelry of dew. So sped the day, and at night, almost as soon 
as the robin.s had sung themselves to sleep on the low oak 
bows, she sought her room. When little Charlie's sleepy head 
was nestled on its pillow, Emily looked out and up at the sky. 
How happy she felt! The very stars seemed to her to twinkle 
approval and to say, 

"You have been a good girl to-day, my child; a vciy good 
girl." 

"I wonder if they really do know," thought .she; "and if the 
holy angels are around us now. They know I have tried to be 
good, ai.d God knows too; and he will never forget. Oh, how 
happy I am!" 

And kneeling by her soft white bed, Emily poured out her 
thanks to Him who gives us all our good gifts, and prayed that 
He would help her to gather the pure gold of every morning 
hour and let it sparkle over all the days, making thoru fair as 
this one which she had found so rich and sweet. — The Child- 
ren's Hour. 



Z IF" El 
S T E 



OIF" G- F] O K. C3- E 



Taken from a little work — The 'Rocket— published by the 
American IVact Society. 



CHAPTER II. — MENBING AND MAKING — LITTLE BOB. 



GEORGE'S cottage showed the bent of his tastes. It was like 
an old curiosity .shop; full of models of engines, complete 
or in parts, hanging and standing round; for busy as he had 
need to be eking out his means by engineering clocks and coats, 
the construction and improvement of machinery for the collieries 
was his hobby. 

Likeness of taste drew a j'oung farmer often to the cottage, 
John Wigham. who spent most of his eviMiings in George's 
society. John had a smattering of chemistry and ]iliiio.so|ihy, 
and a superior knowledge of mathematics, which njado liini a 
desirable companion. George put him.-iclf under bis tuition, 
and again took to "figuring;" tasks .set him in the evening, 
were worked out among the rough tiles of ihe day. And so 
much honest purpo.'se did not fail to .secure jirogress. Drawing 
was another new line of effort. Sheets of plans and section.h 
gave his rude desk the air of mind-work .somewhere. Thus 
their winter evenings passed away. 

Bobby was growing up in a little thought-woild by himself; 
for he could not I'ail to be interested in all that interested bis 
father, that father always niakitig his son the ciimpanion of his 
studies, and early introducing him into the curious and cunning 
j)OWer of machinery. 

Ah, that was a proud day when little Bob was old enoi.gh, 



'^b^^^ 




and knew enough, to be sent to the academy at Newcastle. He 
was thirteen. His father's means had happily been increased. 
The old engine-wright of the colliery having died, George 
Stephenson was promoted to the post, on the salary of five 
hundred dollars a j'ear. This was in 1S12. 

The new ofiice relieving him from incessant hard work, and 
the necessity of earning a shilling by extra labors, he had more 
time for study, and for verifying his plans of practical improve- 
iiient; and the consequence was very considerable improvement 
in the machinery of the colliery to which he was attached. 

Meanwhile Robert's education went on apace. The boy was 
hungrj- for knowledge, not only for himself, but to satisfy the 
voracious appetite of his father, and the no less keen one of 
.John Wigham. 

Robert joined a literarj'- and philosophical .society at New- 
castle, whose fine library opened a rich store-house of material. 
Here the boy spent most of his time out of school, storing his 
mind with principles, fiicts, and illustrations to caiTy home on 
Saturday afternoon. Books also. The Edinburgh Eneyelo]ia;dia 
was at his command. A volume of that at the cottage unfolded 
a world of wonders. But the library had some bw)ks too choice 
to be trusted away. How was Rob :n to get the gist of these 
home? His father had often said, that a "good drawing and a 
well-executed plan would always exjilain itself" and many a 
time he had placed a rough sketch of machinery before his son 
and told him to describe it. Robert therefore, when he could 
do no better, put his drilling to test, and coiiied diagrams and 
drew pictures, thu-^ taking many an important and perhaps rare 
specimen of machinery and science to KilUngworth, for his 
father's benefit. 

We can well imagine Saturday aflernoon was as much a 
holiday to father as to son. Robert's coming was hailed with 
delight. John did not lag far behind. Some of the neighbors 
dropped in to listen to discussions which made the little room 
a si)Ot of lively interest and earnest toil. Wide awake mind 
allows nothing stagnant around it. 

Among the borrowed books of the day was Ferguson's 
Astronomy, which put father and .son to calculating and con- 
structing a sun dial for the latitude of Killingworth. It was 
wrought in stone, and fixed on the cottage door; and there 
stands still, with its date, August 11, IS] 6 — a year or two before 
Robert left .school — a fair specimen of the drift of his boyish 
tastes. 



CHAPTER III.— IVnO BEGAN B.\II.UOADS — PUFFING BILLY. 



F.\MILIAR as it has become to us, who does not .stop to look 
with interest at the puffing, .snorting, screaming .steam-horse? 
and whu does not rejoice in the iron-rail, which binds together 
with its slender threads the north and the south, and makes 
neighbors of the east and the west? 

"Who hri/iin railroads?" ask the boys again and again. 

The first idea of the modern railroad had its birth at a coll- 
iery, nearly two hundred years ago. In order to lighten the 
labor of the luMves, the colliers let straight pici-es of wood into 
the road leading from the pit to the river where the coal was 
discliargcMl; and the wagons were lijund to run so much easier, 
that one horse could draw four or five chaldrons. As wood 
quickly wore out, and moreover was liable to rot, the next step 
was nailing plates of iron on the wooden rail, which gave them 
for a time the name of "plate-way" road.s. A Mr. Outram 
making still further improvements, they were called outram 
roads, or for shortness' sake, "tram-roads;" and tram-roads 
came into general use at the Knglisli collieries. 

"There's mischief in those tram-roads," .^aid a large canal 
owner, foreseeing tluy would one day shove canal stock quite 
out of market. 

To be Co7iti}iucd. 



^^f^4> 




CTTJ^En^ILE IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 









ao 
^ 



IDDITOK. 



GEORGE Q. 0-4_1V:VO:X, 

OCTOBER 15, 1 S67. 
EZDITOI^IJ^L THOTJG-HITS. 




ID our little readers ever see the faces of 
any of their companions when they were 
angry? If you did, we think they must 
have almost scared you; their features are 
so altered and their whole appearance is so 
changed. An angry child does not look 
like itself when it is angry; neither, indeed, 
does an angry grown person. If boys and 
girls could see their own faces when they are 
inflamed by anger, they would be startled, and 
they would scarcely suffer themselves to lose 
their tempers very easily again. A child's face 
may be naturally sweet and beautiful; but when 
it is fired tip with anger, it is no longer lovely; it 
: simply disagreeable, and when seen, causes unplea- 
sant feelings. A violent storm causes the heavens, 
which at other times are so beautiful, to appear terrible, 
and the beholder, in looking upon them, is filled with 
dread. Storms of this kind are necessary to purify the physi- 
cal atmosphere; but storms of passion have no good efi'ect upon 
the child or grown person who gives way to them; they injure 
all who indulge in them. 

Recollect, children, every time you are tempted to anger that 
you cannot give way to it without hurting your systems. Anger 
disturbs the stomach and interrupts all the operations of the 
bfuly; by often giving way to it, fife is shortened. As a rule, 
people who control their tempers and cultivate a mild and 
peaceful spirit have better health and live longer thau passion- 
ate, quarrelsome people do. 

"But," says one, "I do get mad so easy. I try not to be 
angry; but some of the boys are so mean that I can not help 
it. " The better way for such children is not to ]:ilay or associate 
with those who are mean and quarrelsome; and then if they 
are quick tempered and passionate themselves, strive to govern 
their tempers. Every one can do this. We have known very 
even-tempered, mild and forbearing men who were naturally 
very passionate and quick-tempered. But they had kept their 
tempers under control until they had become the masters of 
themselves. What one person has done in this respect, others 
can do if they try, and there is no period of life so favorable to 
the fwrmatioTi of good habits, nor when it is more easy to 
correct any natural defects of chai-acter, than the years of 
childhood and youth. We hope all our young readers will 
endeavor, by the help of the Lord, to govern their tempers 
and cultivate those dispositions which are in accordance with 
the spirit of the Gospel 

fir-aT' We are pleased to have it in our power to inform our 
.■-ubscribers that we have received the engravings for which we 
have been looking. We feel under many obligations to Broth- 
ers Brigham, jr. and John W. Young for their attention to this 
business. Bro. John W. took considerable pains to find the 
kind we wanted, and from a .'-ight oftho.se we have had time to 
examine, we fully ajiprove of his taste. We arc satisfied that 
our JuvK.Nli,K.s will be delighted with them. 



BIBLE Q.TJESTIOlsrS 

INSEKTED IN NUMBER IS, NOW RE-INSERTED WITU TBKIR 

ANSWER.S. 



1. What prophet did God take to heaven in a chariot of fire? 
ELI.TAH. ii Kings, ii chap., 11 verse. 

2. Wliat propliet caused iron to swim, so that a man ruiglit 
recover his lost ax? 

KLISHA. ii Kings, vi cliap., 5 — 6 verses. 

3. Wliat were tlie uanies of the man and woman who wore 
strucli dead for lying to an apostle? 

ANANIAS AND SAPPHIRA. Acts v chap., 1—11 verse. 

4. Wliere was the apostle James (the brother of John) iiUled? 
JERUSALEM. 

5. How and l5y whose order was he slain? 

* HEROD (AGRIPPA.) Acts xii chap., 1—2 verses. 

6. To what place was Paul going when tlie Liord Jesus appear- 
ed to liim? 

DAMASCUS. Acts ix chap., 1—9 verses. 

7. Who was chosen to be an apostle to fill up the quorum ou 
Judas' apostacy? 

MATTHIAS. Acts i chap., 26 verse. 
S. Where did Jesus perform his first miracle? 
At a marriage in Caua of Galilee. St. John ii chap., 1 — 11 
verses. 



* Grandson of Horod the Groat, and father of Agrippa before whom the 
Apostle Paul plead the cause of the Sjiiuts. See Acts xxv chap. 



S2-^ 'i-, .') -^ 



Be patient with the httlc ones. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 
LITTLE GEORGE — HIS NEW HOME. 
A TKUE STOKT. 

[second part.] 

LITTLE GEORGE i^lept very soundly and comfortably all 
night. Early in the morning he awoke feeling well; but 
was at a loss for a few minutes to tell where he was, when, all 
at once, he remembered that he was in the home of his new 
master and mistress. 

When he went to bed he was too sleepy to look at the room 
where his bed was, and besides it was too dark to see any thing 
if he had wanted to. 

When he was fairly awake, and remembered where he was, 
he rubbed his eyes, and sat up in his little bed to look around. 
He found himself in a room up stairs, about ten feet square, 
lighted by one window. The room had a fire place in it, and a 
small fire grate in which stone coal was burnt; for they do not 
burn wood in that country, but they burn stone coal both sum- 
mer and winter. He saw in front of the window two shoe- 
makers' scats with tools on them, and two or three hammers 
and a lap stone on the floor; he al.so saw, standing under the 
window, a tub containing water for the shoe-makers to wet tlieir 
leather in, and there were pieces of shoe-maker's wax swimming 
in the water, to keep the wax cool a)id from sticking fast to any 
thing. On the wall on one side of the fire-place he saw three 
or four bundles of pattcnis to cut shoes out by hanging on 
nails, and also two racks filled with lasts to make little children's 
shoes on. On the floor in the .same corner, lay in a coni'used 
mass, pieces of sole leather and upper leather, and bits and 
scraps of leather lay all over the floor just in front and around 
the shoe-makers' scats. On the other side of the fire place 
stood a bedstead and bed on it, with no curtains, and somebody 



1^ 



0" TJ "V E! ZsT I L El IIsTS T I5.TJG T O I?. 




157 



was asleep ou the bed; but little George did not know who it 
was. All this he saw at a glance. 

He arose and quietly dressed himself, and then walked to the 
window to look out. The sun was rising beautifully. Just 
below the window outside was a little backyard about eight feet 
square with a high brick wall around it, and a door jiaintcd 
black, made fast with an iron bolt. In one corner of the 
yard he saw a lot of stone coal, and a large washing nnig made 
of claj' and burnt hard, it was standing on the side of the coal 
nearest the house. 

On the opposite side, fronting the window, was another row 
of houses made of burnt brick with back yards like the one ve 
have just described; the back yards of both rows were opjjosite 
to each other, and there was a narrow passage between them 
leading out into a cross street. He saw that the house his 
master lived in was the last house except one in the row, and 
then came a green hedge, and a beautiiul green field covered 
all over with grass. The birds were chirping and hopping 
about in the hedge, and all nature outside seemed joyous and 
happy. 

Little George did not feel so happy as the little birds outside 
seemed to be, he was not as free as the birds were;_ they were 
playing with each other in the bright sunshine, while he had 
nobody to play with, was shut up in a dark unswept room where 
shoe-makers worked, did not know what he was going to do, 
and how the strangers in whose house he had slept last night 
would like him. 

He turned away from the window with a sigh. He felt lone- 
some, and when he felt lonesome he always felt to pray to God 
in his heart. He thought he would go back again to bed and 
cover his head over with the bed clothes and cry a little while; 
but as he was going he fell over the lap stone against one of the 
shoe-makers' seats, and knocked it over, scattering all the tools 
on the floor, which made a great noise and racket. A lap stone 
is a broad flat stone upon which the shoe-maker beats his 
leather with a round broad headed hammer to make it solid. 

This noise awoke the jjerson who lay on the bed, which was 
on the other side of the fire place. He arose suddenly, and 
looking round, saw little George, much frightened, getting u)! 
off the floor where he had fallen. Thi.s was the first time that 
he had seen little George. He did not know that he was in the 
house, having come in late the night before. He said to him: 

"What do you want there, boy?" 

"I don't know." 

"Where did you come from?" 

"From the poor house yesterday." 

"Who brought you here?" 

"My new master." 

"And who is your new master?" 

"I don't know." 

He had not learned the name of his new master yet. 

"How did you come here?" 

"My master brought me here and told mc to lie on that bed." 

"0, I understand now; you are the little boy who is going to 
be our apprentice. I am afraid you are too little." 

The person who lay on the bed, on the other side of the fire- 
place, was a young man, apparently about twenty years of age, 
the son of the strange gentleman by his first wile who had died 
some years previous. Little George's new mistress was his 
second wife. 

"Do you think you will like to learn to be a shoc-makfr?" 

"I don't know; but 1 think 1 shall like my new mistress." 

"Can you read? " 

"Yes, a little bit." 

"Can you write?" 

"I can make letters with a pencil on a .slate." 

"Who taught you to read and make letters with a pencil on 
a slate?" 



"The kind old school teacher with the big spectacles in my 
poor house home." 

While little George was saying tliis the remembrance of the 
past came upon him, he hung his head and tears fell upon his 
jacket. For a moment he felt friendless. 

The young man saw this, pitied him, and told him to be a 
good boy and he would be his friend. He was a Sunday school 
teacher, and he asked little George if he would go with him to 
the Sunday-school. He was willing, for he liked hLs new 
acquaintance. 

The master and mistress were now astir in the house below, 
and soon the family was seated at the table eating their break- 
fast. 

The young man asked his father if he might take little 
George to the Sunday-school with him. 

His father consented. 

The room in which they ate their breakfast, was a kitchen 
about ten feet square, lighted with one window; in the front of 
it stood a long table, and on the outside of it was the back yard 
where the coals were in the corner. Then there was another 
room called the parlor, into which the front door opened. The 
room where little George slept, and found his new acquaintance 
was over the kitchen, and the room in which his master and 
mistress slept was over the parlor, and the stau- case leading up 
stairs was between the parlor and the kitchen. 

Little George and his new acquaintance are now ready to go 
to the Sunday school, and as it was Sunday, instead of going 
out of the back door, they walked through the parlor and out 
of the front door into the sunshine. 

In this paper I have occupied all the room allowed me in the 
description of httle George's new home. U.ncle Georoe. 



HISTOID IT 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

OIP vJE STJS 



7 .' ' ^ C H A P T E R V . 

JERUSALE.M was a very grand and beautiful city. At one 
time, when a verj' great multitude of people had gathered 
around Jesus, he and his friends had a grand display as tlicy 
entered the city amid the shouts of the people — Jesus riding 
on a colt, and the peoi)le on foot. 

When they were at a little distance from the city, Jesus sent 
two of his disciples to a little village not far distant, after tell- 
ing them where they would find a colt tied, which they were to 
loo.se and bring to him, and if any one should a.sk why they 
were taking the colt, they were to say "the master has need of 
it." A;id the disciples went and found it as Jesus said; and 
when the owner of the colt saw what they were doing, he asked 
them why they did .so: and the disciples answered the man as 
Jesus had instructed them, and he let them take it. 

And when they brought the colt to Jesus, they spread some of 
their clothing on it and then, after placing Jesus on it, many 
spread their clothes in the road, while others cut down branches 
of trees and strewed in the way. This was in fulfilment of the 
words of the iimplict, saying, "Heboid, thy king coniclh unto 
thee, meek, and sitting upon a colt, the foal of an ass." 

A great multitude of people went before, and another great 
multitude followed after, shouting with l(nid voices, "llosiinna, 
blessed be the King that conieth in the name of the Lord: 
peace in heaven and glory in the highest." 

It was a joyful time for the friends of Je.sus, and especially 
those who knew him to be the Son of God; but tho wicked 
priests, and the jinrnd phariseas were very angry, and when 
they found (hat tiny could not silence the nudtitude, they went 
to Jesus and told him to stop their shouts and praises: hut 



h^^-" 





cruATEn^inijE! iiststi^tjctoi^ 



Jesus said to them, "If these should told their peace, the 
stones would immediately cry out." Jesus knew the hearts 
of the wicked rulers, and often reproved them for their iniquity, 
and they hated him, and were continually seeking to find accu- 
sations against him, for they professed to be very righteous, and 
feared to have their wickedness exposed, lest they should lose 
their influence with the people. 

As Jesus entered the city, he wept when he thought of the 
destruction that awaited it in consequence of the wickedness 
that was practiced in it. and he went into the Temple and felt 
sadly grieved to see to what purposes they were ai>pl.\-ing it, for 
they had turned it into a place of merchandize instead of keep- 
ing it sacred and holy for the worship of God, and the precious 
ordinances of His House. 

And he east out all those that bought and sold in theTemfile, 
and overthrew the tables of the money exchangers, and the 
seats of them that sulJ doves, and said to them. "It 
is written, uiy house shall be called the house of prayer, but ye 
have made it a den of thieves. " 

And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple, and 
he healed them. 

When the jjriests and scribes saw the strange things that 
Jesus did, aud when they heard the little children in the 
temple, crying out Hosanna to the Son of David, they were much 
displeased, and asked Jesus if he beard what they said: and 
Jesus said to them, "Yes, have you never read, Out of the 
mouth of babes and sucklings, thou hast perfected praise?" 
Jesus was delighted to hear the childien shout and praise the 
Lord — he loved them because they were innocent, and their 
hearts were pure. God loves innocence and purity. 

At one time, Jesus wished to retire from the multitude, and 
he went up on to a mountain, and a few of his discijiles came 
to him: and he opened his mouth and taught them, saying. 

Blessed are the poor in spirit; for theirs is the kingdom of 
heaven. 

Bl(5ssed are they that mourn; for they shall be comforted. 

Blessed are the meek; for they shall inherit the earth. 

Blessed are they who hunger and thirst after righteousness; 
for they shall be fi'lled. 

Blessed are the merciful; for they shall obtain mercj'. 

Blessed are the pure in heart; for they shall see God. 

Blessed are the peace-makers; for they shall be called the 
children of God. 

Blessed are they who are persecuted for righteousness sake; 
for theirs is the kingdom of lieaven. 

Thus, year after year, Jesus spent his time in doing gor.d to 
all who would receive good — those who were afflicted and had 
faith, he healed; and to those who beheved his words, he 
tuught the way of Kfe and salvation. E. II. iS. 



THE VOICE OF GOD.— An eminent man relates this 
incident of his childhood: — "When a httle boy, my father sent 
me from the field home. A spotted tortoi.se in shallow water 
caught my attention, and I lifted my stick to strike it, when a 
voice within me said, 'It is wrong.' I stood with uplifted stick, 
in wonder at the new emotion, tiU the tortoise vanished from 
my sight. 

"I hastened home and asked my mother wdiat it was that 
told me it was wrong. 

"Taking me in her arms, .she .said, 'Some men call it con- 
science, but I prefer to cafl it the voice of God in the soul of 
man. If you listen to it and obey it, then it will speak clearer, 
and always guide you light. But if you turn a deaf ear, or 
di.sobey, then it will fade out httle by httle, and leave you in 
the dark, without a guide.' " 



Scli^clc^ ftst%%\^. 



W' 



IDK/OI='S OIF" OK.YST.i^L 



Drops of crystal water, 

o! the suiiiiner showers 
Gcnmihig w-ith a thousand pearls 

J!ln,s()ijis in the b(j\vers. 
■Wliile tlie sun is resting 

(In a eouoh ol' clouds, 
Dri>|is of crystal water 

Trickle down iu crowds. 

From the waving king- -up 

Bees are drinking dew , 
Biitlei'tlies are waiting 

To t;i.ste a little tun; 
Tile cricket on the lady-bird 

Makes a passing call, 
Drops of crystal water 

Furnish drink for all. 

Tlie lilly and the daisy, 

.Sunburnt iu the tieid. 
Had 11(1 [larasol of leaves 

Their purity to shield; 
So sunlight di-opped its cloud-vail, 

And rain began to fall; 
Drops of crystal water 

Soon revived them all. 

Corn that gilded acres, 

The elover, and the grass, 
Cowslips that the children 

leather as they pass; 
The piiiiiriise iii the gi-eeii lane. 

The lierry on tlie slue, 
Dnips of cystal water 

Cause them all to grow. 

Drops of crystal water 

Form the running rills, 
"W'iiere the cress is growing 

J!y the biambled hills. 
Oceans vast and boundless, 

Rivers wide and far, 
Drops of crystal water 

Jlake them what thej- are. 



For the Juvenile Instmetor. 

I3Sr HIIS LIFE." 



THIS was the remark made the other day, by a valued friend, 
while talking of his .son who died a short time ago, at the 
age of nine or ten. He deeply felt and grieved over the loss of 
his mucii loved son; but it was a source of great consolation to 
him to think how good and faithful and promising liis boy was, 
and he felt gratefully proud to be able to say of him, "He 
never told a lie in his life." What a noble eulogy on his hfe. 
It ought to be engraved upon his tombstone, to encourage all 
who might read it to imitate his righteous example. We wish 
that this could be said of afl our bo3's and girls. Oh how 
haiijiy tlieir parents would be! Doulitless it can be said of a 
great many, and we hope all our little readers will think of this 
young boy, and though he is dead, let his example have an 
influence uiion them for good. 

Never told a lie! Think how brave and noble such a boy 
must be and feel. Nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to fear. 
He can look his father and mother in the eye with a frank and 
happj' countenance, and not even be afraid or ashamed to meet 
the Lord. It is only cowards who tell Hes. They do something 



^ 



i\ 




J" TJ ^ El IsT I Xj El I3^STK.TJGTOI?;. 



that is wrong of which they are ashamed, and thcu tell a lie to 
try to hide it. This only makes two wrong.s and leads to more 
and greater evils. It makes cowards of them. They know 
they have done wrong and are ashamed to look their parents or 
friends in the eye. They feel mean, condemned and unhap]y, 
and are constantly iu dread that they will be found out, which 
they almost always are. But if their friends on earth do not 
find them out now, the Lord knows, and the time will come 
when they can no longer hide their wickedness; for Jesus says 
every secret thing shall be revealed. He also says that all liars, 
as well as other wicked people, shall be shut out of heaven. 
Now, how awful will be the feelings of men and women, or 
boys and girls, when they have to stand before the Lord and 
all the world, and acknowledge that they have been liars, and 
Jesus shall say to them, — "Go away from me, I do not want 
liars to live where I am." 

Our dear little friends, there is no sin more surely calculated 
to degrade and corrupt jou, and to make miserable and des- 
pised men and women of you, than lying. Shun it as you 
would a rattlesnake or any deadly poison. If you will make it 
a rule to alwaj's speak the truth, you will not go far astray; you 
will feel happier, and will be sure to grow u]i useful, honored 
and beloved. And even if you should sometimes do wrong, 
you know the Lord has pronuscd to forgive and bless those who 
co;i/<'iS and forsake their sins. W. H. S. 



^i^Jfl^^l^^ 



i=k.o:ph:et. 



THIE 



N the Utth of December the High Coun- 
cil of Zion met in Far West. On this 
day, and at this council. Elders John E. 
Page and John Taylor were ordained to 
the apostleship, to fill n]i the quorum 
of the Twelve, under the hands of 
President Brigham Young and brother 
Heber C. Kimball. 

Joseph and his friends, who were fellow- 
prisoners with him, .saw the close of the 
year 1K38 in chains and dungeons and surrounded 
by enemies, who threatened that if any judge, 
or jury, or couit of any kind should clear any of 
them, they should never get out of the State 
alive. When you read what is here written, 
children, can you wimder that civil war has come 
upon the nation, or that the anger of the Lord has 
been kindled again.st the people wlio could commit 
wickedness? Josepli had told the people 
the word of the Lord. He had taught them the plan of 
salvation. To do this was not a crime; but bec-ause he did .so, 
lie and his brethren were thrust into prison. M'hen peojile 
refuse to receive the message the Lord sends unto them, and 
turn round and cruelly persecute His nie-Jscngcrs, their situa- 
tion becomes lull of peril, lor tln^y cut themselves of." fVom 
nicroy. 

In the Legi.slature, attempts were made to pass a bill to pro- 
vide for an investigation of the disturbances; but an inve.stiga- 
tioii was not wantijd by the Lcgislatine. The men in jiowcr 
were themselves nmbocrats. 'J'heir conduct would not l)car 
investigation. They knew that very well. Boggs, the Gover- 





nor, and most of the leading men iu the State had taken part 
in the scenes of violence in which the Saints had suffered. 
They had urged on the mobs, who had killed and 
plundered and abused the Saints. What had they to gain 
by investigation? While they held the power no plan could be 
carried out that would bring the truth to light iu an oflBcial 
form in that State. 

In the meantime Joseph and his fellow prisoners and the 
Saints at Far West were not silent respecting the wrongs which 
they had endured and from which they were then suffering. 
Petitions and memorials were drawn up and signed and sent to 
the Legislature. The Govei-nraent of the State was to be left 
without excuse. Justice was to be sought and the facts plainly 
set forth. If State authorities refused to render justice, they 
at least could not say that they were ignorant of the circum- 
stances which required their action. 

At Far West the people were busily emplo.ved in making pre- 
parations to leave the State. They had no choice but to leave; 
uidcss, indeed, they wanted to stop and be killed. President 
Brighaiu Young, who, when Thomas B. JIar.sh apostatized and 
David W. Patten was killed, became the President of the 
Twelve Apostles, was very active in taking measures for the 
removal of the poor and helpless Saints with the rest from the 
State. At a public meeting a committee was appointed to 
superintend the business of removing and to provide for those 
who had not the means to carry them out of the State. I'pon 
motion of President Brigham Young at that meeting, the 
brethren present entered into a covenant to stand by and assist 
each othei- to the utmost of their abilities in removing from the 
State of Missouri, and that they would never desert the poor 
who were worthy, till they should be out of the reach of the 
exterminating order of General Clark, who was acting for and in 
the name of the State. They also resolved to nuike exertions to 
remove the families of the Presidency and the other prisoners 
fir.st. Upon these resolutions the comuiittee acted and exerted 
theuLselves to raise means to carry them into effect. ' Joseph's 
family left Far Vv est for Illinois, under the care of Brother 
Stephen Markham, on the 7th of February, ISSi), and reached 
the Mississippi river, opposite Quincy on the ITjih of that 
month. On the ] 4th President 13righam Young had to leave 
Far West for Illinois. The persecution against liim was so 
bitter, and the mob was so determiued to kill him, that he had 
to flee. 

Joseph and his companions still lay in ]irison, suffering in 
bonds. They had lain there some time when they demanded a 
habeas corpus from Judge Turnham, one of the county judges. 
This was granted, but with considerable rehu-tance. Alter the 
investigation, Sidney Iligdon was released fr<im jail by the 
decision of the judge. But the remainder were committed to 
prison. Sidney Rigdon also returned to the jail with the rest, 
to wait until he had a favorable opportunity to get away. The 
mob was thieateniug that if any of the brethren were liberated 
they should never get out of the country alive. The sheriff 
and jailor were friendly and Sidney Pvigduii was let out ol' the 
jail .secretly in the night. While in prison, he had indulged in 
a murnuuiug, dissatisfied feeling, and had declared that the 
sufferings of Jesus Christ were nothing comjiarcd to tho.se ho 
had endured. 

The men who released him warned him to get (uit of the 
State with as little delay as po.s.w;ible. A body of men pursued 
liim, but the Lortl i)reserved him and he was enabled to reach 
(Quincy, Illinois, in safety. 

The condition of the Saints, when they reai'hed (Juinoy, in 
the State of Illinois, was truly jiiliable. Stripped of tlxir 
property, they had been forced to fly for their lives from the 
State of iri.ssouvi in the midst of a sever<' winter, 'fhis, toci. in 
a laud where libeity was the boast of the iidiabitants. 'I'ho 



S^^^^" 



VT 



^==^^^1 





CTTJ-V^En^ILEl in^STI2.TJCTOI?. 



people of Quiiicy, upon beholding their sufFerin,t'S and wretch- 
edness, were moved to compassion. Thej' called meetings, and 
took immediate steps to relieve the wants of the most destitute 
and to give employment to those who were able to work. 

Elder Israel Barlow left Missouri for Qnincy in the fiill of 
1S3S. While on his way he passed through the southern part 
of Iowa Territory, and being in a destitute condition he made 
his wants known and found friends who assisted him. Among 
others, he met with Doctor Isaac Galland, to whom he told the 
situation of the Saints. His recital enlisted the sympathies, or 
interest, or both united, of the Doctor, and he immediately 
took active steps to bring the town of Commerce to the favora- 
ble notice of the brethren as a place suitable for the settlement 
of the Saints. The accounts which Joseph received, while in 
jirison, led him to encourage the brethren in secui-ing a location 
there. A committee of brethren was appointed at Quincy to 
go and look at the land in Iowa Territory and to confer with 
Doctor Galland, and select suitable locations for the Saints. 

The church felt the absence of Josejih very much. The 
sympathy of every Saint was aroused in behalf of hinjself and 
fellow-prisoners. Faith was exercised in their behalf and fer- 
vent prayers were offered to the Lord to deliver tliem from 
their enemies. With their prayers and faith they also imited 
works. On the 25th of March, 1839, Brothers Heber C. Knu- 
ball and Theodore Turley started from Far West to see the 
Governor of Missouri. They procured copies of the papers by 
which Joseph and the other brethren were held, and also 
carried petitions with them from the prisoners and others to 
the Supreme Judges of the State. The Governor was absent- 
but they saw the Secretary of State, who could scarcely believe 
that the papers they brought were all the documents by which 
Joseph and his companions were kept in custody, as they were 
illegal. After seeing him, the brethren then started to find 
the Supreme Judges, and get writs of habeas corpus; but they 
could not get them. The papers were imperfect; there was no 
order of commitment; and without it the Judges would not 
grant the writs. To our little readers we will say that habeas 
corpus means: havt the hody. A writ of habeas corpus is i-ssued 
to deliver a person from false imprisonment or to remove a per- 
son from one coiu-t to another. 



€(itcc5non.Sctii:«. 




MoBONi, Sanpete County, Sep. 23rd, 1807. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Deab Brother. — Thinking you would like to hoar how we 
are cetting on at Moroni, we have ventured to write to you. 
AV'e love tlie Juvenile because of the nice reading in it. Bro- 
ther William S. Lewis, our teat-her, often gets the second and 
third readers to read in it, and he takes great pains to explain 
to us the meaning of what we read. We are told that we are 
learning well, which makes us feel glad. We have also a 
Sunday school, where the lioys and girls who cannot come on 
week days can learn to read God's word, and be told how to 
behave themselves, etc. 

Father William Draper, Doctor R. >!. Rogers, Brothers W. 
S. Ijcwis, J[. .Johnson, and J. Kirkman are the class teachers. 
Wo have a juvenile choir too. Wo enclose you one of our 
Sunday school hymns. 

We received the above from one of our little sisters, Annie 
Irons, who only began to learn to write five months ago. The 
writing is very creditable indeed for so young a scholar. Besides 




her letter, we have received specimens of writing from Maggie 
Bees and Eliza Draper, which speak highly for their diligence 
and the attention of their teacher. W^e are much pleased at 
receiving the communications of these young ladies, and trust 
they will persevere in their studies until they become fine 
scholars. — Ed. J. I.l 



iaigiitat i^oelcy. 



* 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



T -H :e a- o o id 

G H; I L 3D ' S 



Xj I T T L E 

■wish:. 



BY JOEL H . .T O H N S O N . 



AVhile I am a little child, 
May I never be beguiled; 
For I wish in wisdom'.s ways 
To improve my childhood days. 

I would every evil shun, 
In the path of duty run, 
I.,eaving otT each sinful play. 
And my parents' word obey; 

In my ways be never wild, 
But be loving, good and mild, 
Learn at school my lesson well, 
striving others to excel; 

And my playmates not .abuse, 
Nor my teacher's word refuse, 
That my wisdom may be known. 
When to manhood I am grown. 



For the Juvenile histructor, 

O S: .^ I?. -A. ID IE . 



BY J. R. .-MCGAW. 



I am composed of 10 letters: 

My 4, 9, 9, 10, G, is a woman's name. 

jNIy 3, 7, 5, 6, is what every farmer should possess. 

My 7, 8, 4, is a card. 

My 3, 2, 1, is a kind of animal. 

Bly whole is an ornament to Great Salt Lake City. 

JS@°" The Answers to the Charades in No. 18 are INIAN- 
CIIESTEUand JEDEDIAH M. GIIAXT.^ Correct answers 
were received from E. J. C. Hindley, W. E. Gooch, and H. 
Brewer, G. Carter, W. Greenhalgh. 



J'TJ'^EITIIjB IITSTI^TJGTOI^ 

Is pulilis/icd in Great Salt Lake CUy, Utah Territvri/, 
ON THK FIR,ST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY JIONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

^S' Tl ift erpecti?d ichere agents forward names tliPii ivill be responsible 
for tin' papers tints ordered: and' tehen Casli pat/menis are iiiadr, Ihni 
iiill pirasf forward them with the lelter containing the nanus of the 
subsrribcrs. 

^[S^ Elder ti'm. H. Shearman^ Logan, trill act as General Agent for 
Cache VaUen, 

ms- Grain brought to thi.i City for the .Tuven'ti.e Instkuctor trill be 
received at the office of our jki^i— Deseket IS'ews BUILDI^Gs. 




