BOUNESa TO VME LOBD. 



'&CTO& 





VOL XI 



SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST !5 1876 



NO. 16. 



THCJhD 3 HI ^ BE OF ZPIEK,SI^. 




Mihv that 
JJ\ the great 
International 
Exhibition 
has brought 
together peo- 
ple from ev- 
ery nation, 
comparative- 
ly little notice 
is taken of 
oriental cos- 
tumes. It is 
only in recent 
times that 
this has been 
the case. On 
the late visit 
of the Shah 
of Persia to 
England he 
was the cause 
of great in- 
terest and ex- 
citement. It 
may be that 
the magnifi- 
cent jewels 
that adorned 
the person 
of the Shah 
hud much to 
do with this. 
The ij u i e t 
dress of our 
i ill. i -, even 
ol our chief 
magistrate — 

>i> ill II <: h ill 

h a r in o n y 
with our re- 
publican in- 
stitutions i> 
entirely out 
f place in 
oriental conn- 









•IPoHv 


A 


|Km 




Ifi 












tries, whu-o 
royalty is rec- 
ognized. ' In 
those coun- 
tries magnifi- 
cence of dress 
is associated 
in the minds 
of the people 
with govern- 
ment; and the 
greater the 
r u 1 e r t h e 
more cost ly 
and resplen- 
dent the cos- 
tume. 

The govern- 
ment of Per- 
sia i.s, not- 
withstanding 
nil this bril- 
liance, a des- 
potism. The 
king, or 
Shah, as he is 

called in Per- 
sian, is un- 
controlled by 
any constitu- 
tional or le- 
gal checks, 
and can |>ni 
to death .it 

pleasure any 
of his — » 1 1 j — 

joots 
Tliis ixany- 

i ! ) i ■ i ■ • Imii .i 

il •■ s i i a b I o 
state of soei 

i ilui-' 

In nut 

but in thin 
wo ha\ '' o 
; aconditi 





182 



CT TJ V IE IN - X L IE INSTBTJCTOR. 



1 



such as history shows to have obtained in the remote times. 
Ami we may almost fancy in the accompanying picture the 
appearance of the .great Cyrus, king of Persia, spoken of in 
the Bible, from whom the present royal family of Persia claim 
to be descended. 




OT-.3D IMIOIDIES OIF TB-AVEL. 
[Concluded.) 

During the time when stage-coach conveyance was only avail- 
able along a very limited number of roads, and in that still 
earlier period when such roads as existed were impassable for 
wheeled carriages, women were accustomed to ride behind one 
of theiuder sex, on what was called a pillion (from pillow). 
This is defined by Johnson as a soft saddle set behind a horse- 
man for a woman to sit on. Even queens, cm long journeys, 
preferred a scat on a pillion, behind one of their officers, to 
any other mo!. 1 of conveyance. When Katharine of Spain 
came over, in 1501, to marry Arthur, son of Henry VII.. she 
rode "ii a horse from the Tower to St. Paul's, "with the pillicn 
behind a lord named by the King.'' A similar method of 
riding is not obsolete even in the present day in remote country 
districts, if we may trust to certain representations of wed- 
dings in North Wales, where the bride and bridegroom are 
depicted as ga'.loping furiously from a church, the former 
keeping her seat in a manner that we should conceive impos- 
sible to any but a professional circus-rider. 

The gentleman's carriage of the eighteenth century was a 
cumbrous and gaudy piece of architecture, somewhat resem- 
bling the Lord Mayor's coach cf modern times. 1 1 lass win- 
dows were first added to coaches at the beginning of the 
seventeenth century, and springs about forty years later. 
Under the seat of the coachman was carried a box (hence the 
name of coach-box), for containing the hammer and other 
tools that might be wanted to repair damages- This was 
concealed bv the hammer-cloth, which name is still retained 
j i carriages of the present day, though no modern 
Jehu is expected to be an accomplished carpenter and wheel- 
wright, as well as an experienced charioteer. Nor was this 
all unnecessary. The travelers in coaches had many perils to 
encounter from collisions with reckless carmen by day. and 
from dimly-lighted holes and pits in the road by night. 

Sedan chairs were first "een in England when Chailes, son 
of James [.. on his return from Spain, brought with him 
three specimens of a peculiar character, somewhat resembling 
the Indian palankeen in the manner in which they were 
carried. The favorite. Buckingham, being in the habit of 
traveling about London in one of these, was abused by the 
populace for turning men into 'slaves and beasts of burden." 
In spite, however, of popular clamor, anil the furious oppo- 
sition of coach-drivers, this new and handy method of trav- 
eling steadily grew into favor. Tin- frontispiece of a tract 
published in lf>36, and entitled "Coaih and Sedan Pleasantly 
Disputing tor Place and Precedence,' represents the form of 
the sedan and its bearers touring tor custom. The mode of 
carrying was the same as that adopted in the later sedans. 
In the eighteenth century we find that the sedan, though 
considerably altered in lorui from the original type, had become 
a universal mode of conveyance for the higher and middle 
classes of society. The state of the pavement in the metropolis 
and the chief cities of Hreat Britain, caused the sedan to he 
preferred, both for comfort ami safety, to eviry description of 
comb. As there were no footpaths, and only a line of posts 
the principal streets to protect pedestrians, none would even 



walk any distance who could afford to hire a sedan. The 
London chairmen were a numerous and influential body. 
Those who were in the service of the aristocracy had their 
gorgeous liveries, epaulettes, and cocked hats. The hackney 
chairmen pervaded the neighborhood of tavern doors, where 
they waited to lie hired. They were chiefly Irishmen, and 
were distinguished by .heir muscular development, especially 
in the calves of their legs. That they were believed to be 
somewhat given to insolence may he gathered from an incident 
in one of Smollett's novels, where, in retaliation for the hero 
having been insulted by two chairmen, the man who acts as 
his servant and trusty henchman conceals a number of heavy 
weights about his person, and hires the delinquents to carry 
him a certain distance. Staggering under the unusual load, 
each chairman suspects his comrade of not taking his fair 
share of the burden, and begins to abuse him accordingly. 
The strife waxing hotter, the two belligerents ultimately set 
d:>wn both box and passenger, in order to settle the dispute 
with their lists: while the real author of the quarrel quietly 
slips away I aving deposited his weights in the chair for the 
subsequent enlightenment and consolation of the mutually- 
battered disputants. 

[n McC'ulloch s account of the British Empire we read that 
"Tt was not till after the Peace of Paris, in 1763, that turnpike 
roads began to he extended to all parts of the kingdom." It 
is not surprising, therefore, that the old method of transport- 
ing good ■ on the backs of horses should have been practised 
up to a eomparitively recent period. Passenger;, also frequently 
avai'ed themselves of this primitive mode of traveling. Smol- 
let's Roderick Random is described as riding from Scotland to 
Castle-on- Tyne, sitting upon a pack-saddle between two baskets; 
one of which contained his goods in a knapsack. The pack- 
horses traveled in gangs of thirty- or forty, walking in a single 
file. The leading and most experienced horse carried a 
number of hells as a guide for those which followed him, and 
also as a warning to travelers coming in an opposite direction, 
who wpre expected to step off the narrow causeway until the 
whole train had passed. When two strings of pack-horses 
met in this way. a quarrel between the drivers of the respec- 
tive gangs must have been all but inevitable: and. as thetc 
worthies had a much greater acquaintance with the fortiter in re 
than with the similiter in modn^ a free fight was the ordinary 
wind up of the controversy 

Peb's steamer, the Corn*/, was the first practical steam- 
boat that was employed for the conveyance of passengers, l'n 
1S12, this vessel, projected by Henry Bell, a tavern keeper, 
began regularly to ply between Glasgow and Greenock. 

George, and his son, Robert Stephenson, were the founders 
of modern railway traveling. The locomotive, called the 
''Pocket." won a £500 prize offered by the directors of the 
Liverpool and Manchester railway in Isi'q, and it vas the first 
that ran upon the new line. Compared to the modern loco- 
motive, the Rocket was but an infant. It only cost about 
£550; weighed, with its tender, between seven and eight tons; 
and its greatest speed was about twenty-four miles an hour. 
Some modern engines cost £2,000 or more; weigh, with their 
tenders, forty-five tons; and have the power of attaining a 
speed of more than sixty miles an hour. 



When once a concealment or deceit has been practiced 
in matter where all should be fair and open as day, con- 
fidence can never be restored, any more than you can restore 
the white bloom of the grape or'pluin that you once pressed 
in your hand. 





JITTBlsriLE I1TSTRTJCTOE 



183 




THE S^USTID WIOH ISXj-A-IfcTIDS. 




The following letter was written by Elder S. P. Richards, 
who is now filling a mission to the Sandwich Islands, to 
his former teachers and schoolmates of the 14th Ward Sunday 
School, under date of Kahuwa, Hilo, Hawaii, May 31, 

1*76: 

"In my former letter to you I promised that when time and 
opportunity permitted I would again write to the Sunday 
School. That time presenting itself 1 now take the oppor- 
tunity to fulfill my word. In that letter I also stated that I 
composed it while lying on my stomach on a native mat. 
This time I am a little more favored. The native Saints here 
where we (my fellow laborer Bro. H. S. Woolley and myself) 
are now stopping, are the lucky possessors of two chairs, and 
with the assistance of a piece of wide board, a hammer and a 
few nails, we have constructed a temporary tabic, which 
answers the purpose of a writing desk, although a very rude 
one; so I can now write with some little comfort. This 
is also one reason for my writing at the present time, not 
knowing how soon I may again be favored with the conven 
iences which I have here. 

"Before proceeding further I would say 'aloha nui' to the 
scholars and teachers of the school, with whom I was formerly 
acquainted, and also to those with whom I am in it acquainted, 
who may be attending as pupils, or assisting as teachers in 
forming and instructing the minds ot the youth in things 
pertainiug to their future joy and happiness. 

"I have nothing special on my mind to write abou', but 
will scrateh down on the paper that which appeals to my idea as 
likely to be of interest. But a few clays since 1 read the 
account in the News of the terrible powder magazine explosion 
near the city. If my young friends of the Sabbath School 
can remember the feelings they experienced at the shaking of 
the earth on that occasion, they can conceive something of 
what an earthquake is like. I do not know that any of them 
have seen or felt an earthquake in Utah; but such things are fre- 
quent here on the Sandwich Islands, the shocks, though, being 
light, and seldom doing much damaire. When on my first 
visit to this island some time in the latter part of May or 
fore part of June of last year, and while stopping at a place 
about twenty miles from the active volcano of 'Kilauea ' and 
in sight of the bright light which could be seen clearly every 
night just above the pit, I remember being awakened one 
clear, quiet night I sometime after retiring to bed) by the 
squeaking and shaking of the house as though it was about to 
be blown over by a strong wind; still I did not feel the least 
concerned, or frightened, by the shock (for it was an earth- 
quake) but soon fell asleep again. 

"A few months afterwards, two of the Elders from Zion 
were stopping at the same place, when quite a heavy shock of 
earthquake occurred in broad daylight. One of them was^ 
seated in the house reading, when the book was shaken out of 
his hands, causing him to hasten out of the building to learn 
what was the matter. The other was sitting on the veranda 
when the shock passed, causing a very peculiar sensation, like 
sea sickness, to pass through his body, and to such an extent 
that he thought for a while he was really sea sick. Some 
people arc peculiarly affected by the slightest shocks of earth- 
quake, while others treat them as a common thing. 

"It is on account of frequent earthquakes that houses on 
these islands are seldom built of rock or other similar heavy 
material. Most all dwelling houses put up by the foreigners, 
except in the three or four largest towns of the group, where 



rock buddings are constructed, to a very limited extent, are 
built of lumber. Some few native houses are of lumber; but 
the great majority of them are constructed ot a framework of 
some kind of native wood, and then covered with grass, or the 
long, broad leaves of a tree called 'hala.' The native mats 
also are made of this leaf. 

"In a real Hawaiian house there is not a nail used in the 
construction, but every stiek or timber is joined and made 
fast with the strong, tough bark of some tree or shrub, different 
varieties of which abound ou the islands. Some of the barks 
are very durable, lastins from ten to twenty years, as long 
as the house remains standing. 

"There is a saying that 'those whose works are evil, desire 
darkness for their evil works.' I won't say that the above 
remark applies to this people: but for some reason or other 
they appear to be very fond of darkness; for there are few of 
them, indeed, who put windows I cither open or glass windows) 
in their houses; and those who do so usually darken them with 
heavy curtains or blind.-. I presume one great cause for their 
so doing is because they sleep so much. Nearly the whole of 
their time not employed at work I those who are not bound by 
the foreigners to work on the sugar plantations spend but very 
little of their time in labor) is spent in sleep. The nature of 
the food upon which they live increases this dumbcrous desire 
within them, and a- they are such bands to eat, often gorman- 
dizing excessively, it is no wonder they want to sleep. The 
Sandwich Islanders arc noted all the world over, nearly, for 
being great eaters; and if vou could see some of them at this, 
their favorite pursuit, as I have. I think you would say they 
certainly sustain the reputation accorded them. 

"I believe that I remarked before, that many of the native- 
were often sick. One fruitful cause of it is their sleeping in 
close, dark houses, repeatedly breathing over the same offen- 
sive air, contaminated with the smoke from their tabacco 
pipes. It would be almost enough to kill a white person 
under similar circumstances. I have often been amused to see 
the natives partially arise from their slumbers in a half wake- 
ful mood, light their tobacco, take two or three whiffs, and put 
the pipe in'o the hand of the person lying by his or her side 
(the females are just as inveterate smokers as the males), and 
he or she. as the case might be, while sound asleep, would 
.smoke away at the pipe till satisfied, then lay it down, being 
perfectly unconscious of the act performed. Such is the result 
of a habit which almost borders on a curse to the nation. 

"I hope my young schoolmates who hear this account, will 
accustom themselves from this on to sleep in well ventilated, 
airy rooms, when they are forced to sleep indoors, for with- 
out good, pure air to breath, our life is but a poor, miserable 
existence; and also that they will forever forsake, and resist 
the injurious habit of the use of tobacco. What is good for 
the scholar is beneficial for the teacher; or. in other words. 
what will give health and happiness to the young, will 
Strengthen the old and cause them to rejoice. 

"A boy, who is old enough to think for himself that will 
commence the use of tobacco, or intoxicating drinks, merely 

to imitate the actions of his older comrades, because lie think- 
it looks exalting, is. to say the least, very foolish indeed. 
Let not my schoolmates who are growing up under the teach- 
ings of good parents, and the servants of (bid, be guilty of 
such folly. Honor your fathers and your mothers.' for they 
will lead vou into truth, 'thai your days may be long in the 
land' where peace and righteousness prevail. 

"There are no children so favored of the Lord as those who 
are born of parents that are line Latter-day Saints. 





184 



0" TJ "V 353 1ST 1 T_. E INSTRUCTOR 



«K 




"Immediately succeeding the writing of my former letter, 
Bro. B. Stringham and I made the entire circuit of the island 
of Maui, on which we were then traveling, and saw for the 
second time, the sights and scenery of that island; and again 
met and associated with a great many of the natives whom we 
saw on our former trip. 

"We did not have as favorable a report of the condition of 
the different branches on that island, as we had formerly, as 
we found a great many of the members of the Church engaged 
in makine and drinking intoxicating drinks, and also selling 
them; all of which is contrary to the laws of the land, as well 
as displeasing in the sight of God. They do it so secretly 
that few are caught and made to suffer the just penalty of the 
law. The same thing prevails, and to a greater extent, among 
those who are not members of our Church. 

"We returned to Oahu and made the circuit of that island 
previous to the April conference. We thus made the round 
of four islands bct~een two conferences, being in distance ol 
miles traveled about 845, including the trips by sea between 
tin 1 islands. In that time we held some eighty odd meetings. 

"Our conference at Laic, held on the 6th, 7th, sth and 9th 
of April past, was very interesting and instructive, as our 
conferences always are. There are but four of the Elders from 
Zion to travel and labor in the ministry, the other one remain- 
ing on the Laic plantation to assist our president; and our 
appointments at the conference were: Brothers B. Stringham 
and W. H. Branch to the islands of Maui, Molokai and Lanai, 
Brother II. S. Woolley and myself to this large island, and 
Brother 11. (jr. Lambert to stay at Laie. 

"My stay on Laie was short, being but one week, and on 
the 11th, two days after conference, I again staited out to 
travel and preach. 

"Left Oahu for 'Hawaii uci,' on the 24th of April, on board 
the island steamer 'Kilauea, ' whi' h steamed up here, about 
150 miles, in 27 hours, including stoppages at the other 
islands. 

"God's providence was made manifest in our behalf on the 
trip to our present field of labors, in this way: we thought of 
coming up on Saturday the 22nd, aboard a small sehooner; but 
on going to the wharf at Honolulu we were 'just in time to be 
too late,' for the vessel had pushed off. We contented our- 
anil waited over Sunday, and on Monday evening we 
went on board the steamer, which started off at 5:30 p. m. 
Tuesday afternoon we passed the sehooner, on which we 
thought of sailing, still a lung ways out. froi l ibis island. Tt 

was probably Wedensday before its passenaers landed. We 
came up cabin fare for half price ($5) on the steamer, had 
plenty of the best to eat and were not ^ea sick. But ha 1 we 
sailed on the schooner, our fare woul ! have been $8 and our 
food ^alt salmon and 'poi,' besides a 'glorious' siege of several 
day-' undesirable sea sickness. TheL ml often overrules things 
in that way for the good of His servants. 

"We have been on this island now over live weeks, have 
traveled nearly 150 miles and held some twenty meetings; are 
DOW going through the wet district of the island where it 
rains every day and the mads are so miry that we, at times., 
have to alight from our animals ami drive them ahead through 
the deep mud. Alter this week we will be in another section 
el' country, called Puna, where it i- the opposite extreme 
from tlii-. that is, nothing hut a bed of rough, sharp lava 
rock. 

My best wishes to the scholars and teachers of the school, 
and if any of them can spare tine' to write to an old seho d- 

ite and friend he will be pie ised to hear from them." 



mntfiiinn§ and ^nnwtr§ 

OIT THE 

:b o o :ki o if 1 jMio^^ivxonsr. 



LESSON ex. 

O. — In the year 30, what did Jacob command his peo' le to 
do? 

A. — To floe into the northern part of the land and there "build 
up a kingdom. 

Q. — What ■lid Nephi do in the next year'' 

A — He began to preach to the people. 

Q.— What instance is given of his g - eat faith? 

A. — TTp restored his brother to life, after he had been stoned to 
death by the people. 

Q. — Whiit occurred in the fir-t month of the year 34' 

A. — A great storm arose, during which many cities were de- 
stroyed. 

U. — How long did this tempest continue 7 

A. — Three hours 

Q.— What succeeded if 

A. — A thick darkness which lasted three days. 

Q. — In the midst of this darkness what was heard'' 

A. — A voice, calling noon the people to repent 

Q. — When the darkness was dispelled, how did the people 
feel 

A.— They wen- tilled with joy and thanksgiving. 

Q. — While a multitude of people were standing near the temple 
in Bountiful, wtiat did they hoar'' 

A — A voice, which appeared to come from heaven. 

Q,— What is said of i 1 i- vi ice 

A.— It was not Pmd or har-h; hut pierced the people to the 
hea"t, and caused them to tremble 

Q. — How many tines did they le ar it? 

A. — Three tine - 

Q.— On looking uoward-, what did they then see? 

A. — A man il ut of heaven. 

OlsT THE BIBLE. 



Q.— Did Moan gran I David his request'' 

\. — Yes; he allowed his futln r and mother to dwell with him 
while Pavel was in the i ih . 

.'.-Who told David to di part' 

A.— The nnyle". Ga 1 

Q —Whore was he to so 

A -To the land of .Tudah. 

Q. — When David departed, where did he go? 

A. -To the forest of [Taroth 

Q.— When Saul heard that Divid was discovered, what did he 
say to the men that were with bin,? 

A — He asked whether they ha ' a'l COn s pired again.-!, him, and 
il David was able t,, reward lb en i a- wi II a- himself. 

Q —Who made uns ,ver to Saul 

A.— Does the Kdomit" 

Q. -What dal In. tell Saul' 

A — That A himelech had enquired of the Lord for David, given 
him victuals, and also the .-word of Goliath. 

1).— Whal did King Saul do when he heard this'' 

A. — He sent for ihime ech the priesl ami all his father's house. 

". — What, did ^ himelech -ay .v 1m n he was charged by Saul 
with co'ispiring against him 

A - "Let not the king impute anything unto his servants, nor 

to all the In, a f my fat lei', for thy servant knew nothing of all 

this, less or more " 

Q. — What was the king's reply? 

A. — "Thou -halt surely die, Ahimelech, thou, and all thy 
father's house." 

Q.— Who did Saul Oil to -lav the priests of tl c Lord? 

A. — "The f'ootme)] tn.it stood about him " 







P 



J" IT -V* IE 3ST I II, IE INSTRUCTOR. 



185 




TIHIIE APACHES 



11Y .1. Z. S. 




THE Apaches are quite a numerous tribe of Indians, aud 
occupy, as a hunting ground, a great portion of the Terri- 
tory of Arizona, in the eastern part. They formerly owned 
considerable laud in the northern part of the State of Chihua- 
hua (pronounced Che-waw-waw), Mexico. 

They were known as a good and friendly people, until a 
number of men from Texas were hired to kill them off. These 
men were promised a certain sum of money for every Apache 
scalp they would take. To accomplish their wicked design. 
they made a feast at a place in the western part of the State 
of Chihuahua, called HI Valle, to which they invited the 
Apaches. Many of the Indians came, and all unarmed, 
because all was peace, ami they had not the slightest suspicion 
of any plot against them. Little did tiny know of the treach- 
ery of those white men whom they mistook for friends! 
While they were joyfully preparing to partake of the feast, 
at a sign from the leader of the Texans, who had their arms 
concealed, they commenced firiug upon upon these poor, 
defenseless Indians, and succeeded in killing one hundred and 
fifty of them on the spot. The feelings of those who escaped 
can be better imagined than described. They left Mexico, 
and from that day to this they have made raids upon the 
people who came in and took their laud aud on those living in 
the northern part of Mexico, and such a scourge have they 
been to that people that the government of the State of Chi- 
huahua gives $250,00 for every Apache -scalp taken in the 
State. 

The Apaches are now aware there is a premium offered 
for their scalps, and go in parties sufficiently large to resist any 
force which they are likely to meet. Iu the year 1869 thej ran 
off the stock belonging to the peonle of Cruces. The people 
attempted to rescue their stork, but in so doing every man 
except one was killed, and the affrighted women and children 
fled to the church for safety. The Indians were armed with 
bows and arrows, ai.d spears, and the men of Cruces with 
muzzle-loading guns. For a time the Mexicans seemed to be 
gaining ground, but during the fight a shower came up. which 
wet the powder SO that the puns of the Mexicans became 
useli ss, when the Indian- rode up and killed them with their 
The Indians did not harm the women and childr< n. 
but took the Stock and left. 

The agents of the United 3 ate? Gownmenl have been 
trying for seve ■! years to bring the tehi into subjects a, 
but were unable to effect much a adopted the plan of 

enlisting them as scouts. In thi- i brought to 

terms 

ind when tl 

In liundi d regular 

n bring them in. 
i 

■ nee tl i virtuous ] 

, loath. Tl 

1 I Mi em ■ ! n God, 
and also in ■'• God i redil for every- 
I whatever happ ns tl I right and just 
as < In 1 designs. Tin y pra; to G I i i ;ht, before going 
to bed. and ask Him to preserve tin i and help them to 
do what He wants of them, [n ] ! ■ h their countiy, 
you may see gre I ones; i nd they iny that ■ o 
Apache passes oneof these heaps without saying a prayer I 



adding a stone to the pile, and thus the great heaps are 
formed. 

The Apaches say that they know that all the Indians are 
brethren, aud that all this land ouce belonged to them; and 
they believe that they will eventually conquer the whites and 
own it again. They say the Lord used to talk to their fathers, 
and they often feel had and cry much because He will not talk 
to them now 

The Apaches do not love to take life; indeed, they frequently 
weep over those they have slain. They never kill any animal 
that they do not need for food. They treat whites who visit 
them with kindness, and feed them on the best they have. 
They have nearly all, as before remarked, been brought under 
military control; but during the time of the war with them, 
many people used their influence to have the Apaches all killed 
off, or exterminated, as it is called; and they cited, as justifica- 
tion, many instances where the Indians had murdered people, 
aud where they had robbed and plundered towns and commit 
ted many barbarous daeds. Bat these man never pretend to 
tell but one side of the story. Let me here caution the reader 
by repeating an old adage: "One side of a story is very good 
until the other is told." But I have almost concluded that 
one side is good for nothing until the other is told. 

Were you to hear the stories related by these Indians, of 
treachery, cruelty and other wrongs perpetrated by the whites 
upon them, many of which would bring tears of pity to the 
eyes of any but the unfeeling, you could then more fully 
realize the truth of the foregoing adage, and that the Indians 
have just reasons for much of their seemingly unjustifiable 
conduct. 

Let. us treat the. Indians kindly, for they, like us, have feel- 
ings, and duty requires us to set them a good example. Never 
turn them hungry or eold from our doors, for they do not turn 
away white people who go to them in that condition, but they 
hel|i them all they can. Let us not allow these poor, and in 
many instances much abused, people to he more charitable 
and humane than we are. 



Kirn Without Money. — Many a man is rich without 
money. Thousands of men with nothing in their pockets, 
.and thousands without even a pocket, are rich. A man horn 

with a g 1, sound constitution. :i goo 1 Stomach, a go d heart, 

good limbs and a pretty good head-piece, is rich. Good hones 
are better than gold; tough muscles are better than silver; and 
nerves that flash fire and carry energy to every function, are 
bi tter than houses and land, ft is better than a landed estate 
to have the right kind of a lather and mother. Good breeds 
and had breeds exist among men as really as among 
ind ca tic. Education may do much to check evil tendi 
or to d> o id oi e.-; i ill it is a greal to inherit the 

right proportion of i cutties to tart with. The man is rich 

who has a good di | ■ il —who is naturally kind, patient, 

cheerful, hopeful, and who has a flavor ol wit aud fun in his 
composition. 

The hardest thing i el on with in this life i- a man 
self. A cross, selfish ellow, a desponding and complaining 

, ... a timid and care-burdened man— these are all hern 
deformed on the inside. They do not limp, bu 1 their tin ! 
sometimes do. 



Siimi; people are -o tenacious of memory, thai they forget 
nothing but the services they havi I and the errors 

they have committed. 





CFTi^r En*- ilie iintstrtjctor 




%fic Jjorenik ^(nslrndor. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. - 


----- EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


AUGUST 15, 1876. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





OLD in the Black mils! Gold in the 
creeks, gold in the ravines, gold in the 
gulches. gold in the canyons, gold in the 
val'eys. gold in mountains, gold every- 
where! This is the cry which is spread 
concerning the lands of the Indian. The 
gold fever is raging. Men of the East, 
men of the West, men of the North and 
men of the South arc seized with it. They 
■ been rushing thither, (iovernment fore- 
seeing the excitement which the discovery of 
gold would create, made an effort to buy the 
country from the Indians. But they would not 
sell: or. at least, not for the price the Govern- 
ment would give. The failure of the Government 
to buy did not kill the (ever. Neither was the fever 
checked, by the fact that a treaty had been made 
with the Indians concerning these lands, in which 
the (iovernment pledged itself that ''no white person shall be 
permitted to settle upon" them. The column of gold hunters 
pressed towards the Black Hills. The Government sent troops 
there and made a feeble attempt to stop the miners from going 
into that country. Bit, after awhile, the gold seekers were 
left free to go there as they pleased. They are digging -old 
all over the Hills wherever they can find it: they are building 
towns and filling up the country a- fast as their fears will let 
them. 

They have some fears, however. They have a fear of the 
Indians. While they think they have a perfect right to go 
where they choose in the Indian country, and do as they please 
there, they may have an idea that the Indians may have dif- 
ferent views upon this subject. The Indians, they know, mav 
tike it into their heads to kill and scalp the white men whom 
thev find, a- intruders and trespassers. Cases of this kind 
have occurred, and they may occur again. This fear acts as a 
check upon the gold seekers. 

The treatment of Indians by the people of this nation, and 
the feeling they entertain respecting them, is one of the most 
remarkable fulfillments of prophecy to be found on record. 
Jesus said to the people of this continent, as we find in the 
Book of Mormon, that the white men or Centiles should 
scatter those whom we now call Indians, should cast them out. 
tral them under foot, smite and afflict them, hate them, make 
them a hiss and a by-word and slay them. The Indians 
should be reduced to a remnant. Has this been done to the 
Indians by the people of this nation? Are these the feelings 
they have towards them? Yes, indeed. They are hated with 
a hatred that can scarcely be expressed. It is frequently said 
that the only good Indian is a dead Indian, and the sooner 
they are killed the better it will be. The general feeling is 
that they must all be killed off. The buffalo, the antelope and 
the other wild animals of the land are being destroyed, and if 
i- said that the Indian must perish with them. It is said that 
they are doomed to speedy destruction. Probably outside of 
Church of .(esu- Christ of Latter-day Saints there are not 



half a dozen persons in the nation who think otherwise. They 
are counted unfit to live. Men say, it is no use to try and 
civilize them. They never have been, they never can be, they 
say, be made anything of. Savages they have been, savages 
they are and savages they will be, and, they say, it is useless 
to try and teach them to be anything else. So, by the great 
majority of the nation, they are given up as hopeless, and are 
looked upon as so many wild beasts whom it is no harm to kill 
and whom it would be a great relief to have out of the way. 

There was a time when it was acknowledged that the Indians 
had a right to the soil upon which they lived. The govern- 
ment would go through the ceremony of buying the land from 
them at a nominal price. But now there are large numbers of 
people who deny them all right to the land upon which they 
and their forefathers have lived. It is not long since that a 
Senator stood up in his place in the Tinted States Senate and 
said, speaking of the Indians: 

"When you describe them as the owners of the soil, you 
might as well aver that the rattlesnake, the coyote, and the 
buffalo are the proprietors of the laud where they dwell. 
They were never the owners of the soil. The law of nations, 
the law of civilization, the law of humanity repels the asser- 
tion as baseless and unfounded. They had the mere right of 
occupancy. They had the right to exist." 

The argument now is, that the white man being a civilized 
man, has every right superior to the Indian, who is a savage. 
If the wdiite man thinks he has need for the land which the 
Indian occupies, the latter has no right to refuse him, but 
should give it up! It is the white man's, because he claims to 
be civilized! In other words the white man belongs to the 
stronger and more numerous race, and "might makes right;" 
the Indian has no rights which the white man is bound to 
respect. In the words of the poet: 

"The good old rule 
Sutfieetli them, the simple plan, 
That they should take who have the power, 
Ami they should keep who can." 

Such idea.- as these shock every properly constituted mind. 
If these were correct, then any strong race, which thought 
itself superior to another would have the right to rob and 
crush it out. The Chinese call the Americans barbarians. 
They are counted by hundreds of millions. Suppose they 
were to send their hordes, and gradually edge us oft' until they 
had increased so as to take possession of all our lands. How 
would the Americans like that? They could then feel for the 
Indians whom they have treated in this manner. "God hath 
made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the 
face of the earth." The Indian has as much right to an 
existence and to a place to live as the white man. The Hook 
of Mormon has taught us who (hey are. and what their future 
will be. And though the Lord has suffered the Gentiles to 
scourge them. He has not forgot 'en them, nor the promises 
He made to their lathers concerning them. He will protect 
and preserve them to accomplish His own purposes. 



Lilti.k Thinks. — Life is made up of little things. He who 
travels over a continent must, go step by step. He who writes 
a book must do it sentence by sentence; he who learns a science 
must master it fact by fact, and principle after principle. 
What is the happiness of our life made up of"? Little courte- 
sies, little acts of kindness, pleasant words, genial smiles, a 
friendly letter, rood wishes and good deeds. < hie in a million, 
once in a lifetime, may do a heroic action. But the little 
things that make up our life come every day and every hour 




w 



JTJYENILE IITSTBUCTOB. 




187 



^ ffrtg tt* %\\v ^iiiipniUS. 



CHAPTER XVI. 



BY HUGH KNOrc.IT. 




Vi7k stated in the last chapter that th". Mauri is war-like, 
T and indeed he is naturally so, for hefnre the appearance 
of white nxen in the country, inter-tribal wars were incessant; 
and after their arrival, various 
causes led to conflicts of more 
<>r less importance and dura- 
tion between the white men 
and the colored — conflicts how- 
ever which never became a 
war of races: for, whenever a 
body of natives took up arms, 
there was always found a still 
larger number who espoused 
thecause of their newfriends — 
the "pakeha," or stranger. 
With regard to the fighting 
proclivities of the Maoris, and 
the prominence which has 
been given to them, it may be 
remarked, in the first place, 
the Maori people, as found by 
the Europeans, were possessed 
of a certain degree of civiliza 
tion, the remains, it is thought, 
of a higher state from which 
they had degenerated. They 
recognized the rights of prop- 
erty: they had a code of laws 
and honor: they had a religion, 
with a dim idea of a hit tire 
state, and their minds were 
gifted with the power of ex- 
pansion; that i*. they could 
and did easily learn. Having 
no other way in which to em- 
ploy their intellectual faculties, 
they concentrated their studies 
upon the art of warfare. It 
is the same old story all the 
world over, whether in nations, 
communities, families, or indi- 
viduals—those familiar line SACRETi r.ntv 
'Satan finds some mischief stil! '•■vld'x hand- to do," are fully 
verified. 

With the poor, untutored savage there i- some excuse for 
quarreling, ill-feeling, hatred and bloodshed, bin tbrtho e who 
have received the light of the everlasting gospel, and who are 
daily and hourly taught the difference between right and wrong. 
there is no excuse when they give way to these evil passions. 
Hoes any reader of the Instkii'thk ever commit these sin-? 
If so, forsake them at once and forever, for if you do not, -i 
will be your condemnation. 

There were only three employments tint found any favor 
jsith the Maoris, and they were war. planting and (Moult, the 
two latter only when necessity compelled. 




Now, my dear juveniles, do not think very harshly of these, 
poor people, an 1 turn up your noses at their barbarous cus- 
toms and rude ways; for the very race of people I am about to 
compare them with are your own ancestors, the race from 
which we. the high-toned, civilized, educated and ne plus ultra 
o? perfection have prung: namoly, the ancient Britons, and 
the wild tribes of northern Europe. True we do not read of 
our forefathers making a nice roast or pot-pie of their enemies 
as they caught them in battle, but then, they did nearly as bad 
to their foes, in various ways o! horrid torture. Like the 
Maoris tattooing their bodies, the Britons stained their skins. 
They fought lustily among each other, until the Romans came 

and established colonies in 



their midst. They went nearly 
naked, or what covering they 
used was the skins of animals. 
They had in correct knowledge 
of afiod; none could read or 
write, excepting a few priests, 
called Druids, and their means 
of subsistence were hunting 
and fishing. This was only a 
few hundred years ago, and 
now look at their descendants 
—the foremost people in arts 
manufactures, trade and 
geneial edttcatio i. 

Lord Macaulay. the great 
historian, prophecies that in 
future centuries the New 
Zealandcr will be found stand- 
ing on the ruins of London 
bridge, lamenting the fall and 
ruin of that great city, just in 
the same manner as people at 
the present time visit Koine — 
once the mistress of the world 
— and mourn her decay and 
degradation. 

Let us then not look down 
on the Maori, but let us strive 
to elevate him. and instruct 
him in all that is good and 
beneficial, and above all impart 
to him a knowledge of the 
true faith, and teach him the 
wav to eternal life and salva- 
tion— nt t swindle him out of 
hi- home and lands under the 

transparent fraud of barter of 
gewgaws and rum. us some 
done, to my own knowledge 
relented the imposition, used 
government and had them butchered 

in cold hi I. With but fvw exception-. Christian (so called) 

missions have been a bane and a curse to the .Maori race; for 
as a rule, the aim of these missionaries has been to aggrandize 
themselves, and in Imildinu themselves up, have trodden and 
kept down those whom they were sent to save and civilize. 
We Imve a lew missionaries of our own Church, in those 

i. 1 ,,,,, | .uid let u.- pray God to impart to them that strength 

of will, with undying faith in His goodness and power, that 

thev may be able to lead these benighted people aright, teach. 



\'i, i.IMINP. 

"Christian" missionaries In 
and when the poor savage I 
their influence with th 



them the way of life and salvation, 



,1 tin 



ill other _'i 





1S8 



JT7VEnSTXl_.E HTSTRTJCTOR. 




things will naturally follow. These people are undoubtedly 
of the seed of Jacob, and have the mental capacity and incli- 
nation to be instructed. 

The world has no record of the origin of this race of people, 
but from its physical possibility, and concurrent testimony of 
the various tribes, the tradition of their migration, as described 
in an authentic work on the aborigines of the country, (and 
which description wa£ embodied in Bro. McLachlan's letter 
appearing in the last number of the INSTRUCTOR) is undoubt- 
edly true in the main fact'. It is uncertain from whence the 
Maoris originally came. They may have been Israelites, parties 
of whom emigrated from time to time from Asia and landed 
principally on the continent of America; and it ran be readily 
understood how their rude vessels drifted by the winds and the 
waves, comirg in sight of beautiful islands they eagerly made 
them their future homes. Or they might be the descendants 
of those two ship loads of emigrants of whom the Bo k of 
Mormon speaks of having sailed from the west coast of 
America some fifty years before Christ, and of whom nothing 
subsequent was heard. 

As an instance of proof of their strong resemblance to the 
Lamanites coming under my own observation, I will cite the 
following circumstance: 

WhiC on the Sandwich Islands, I one d y suddenly met, as 
I thoudif, aMiori chief with whom I was int'ruately acquainted. 
I heartily grasped his hand and addressed him in Maori, and 
he answered me readily; and not for a few moments did I 
discover my mistake that the person I was addressing was a 
Kanaka, a stranger, and not my Maori friend. His features, 
build and gait were exactly like those of my friend, and as for 
I he language, there is very little difference between the Maori 
and Kanaka. I have also closely observed and studied the 
manners and physique of the American Indians, that is, what 
i'e^ I have chanced to see. and find a very strong general 
resem' lance, especially ir. the females, to the Maori tribes 
W ht little knowledge of the Maori language I have, has not 
.-.-. assisted me to understand the Indian tongue, but 
that is of littl.: moment, for in England it is often a difficult 
mat er for the people of one county to understand those of 
ano'li 

N e,v. I,,- dear re id re, thi-. to me, is a very interesting sub- 

i ■ ' for -tieh; and I trust that some of you take a like interest 

in it. Take up your Book of .Mormon and read of the exodus 

i ' ■■'ites, how they migrated, and 

lilt up great nations; also take out your 

the probable course these emigrants 

thing with another, and you will 

I; iblv exact in all derail is the 

in. 




powe • of y is on the wl o'e 

■ o done 

pli he I I ■ icli men nor by 

by men i rallj ol m; mi an«. The 

□fi ■ and artists, have 1 c n 

f them li raised above 'he 

o'm ofworldb, , n •( s. 

- R fl a ■ an iuipediii 

! thej are quite as 
""' h i ine as a blessing. The youth who inhe its 

isy for him, and be mi in 
grows satjd with it, because he has nothing left to desire. 
1 1 bj cl to strug ;le for, he finds time heavy 

his ban Is, and remains mortally and mentally asleep. 



l|e<iucs JJTOttt n 1|a$ IfjotiL 



BY G. M. O. 



CAPTURED BY RATS. 



( Continued. ) 



« 



[BELIEVE the rats would soon have left nothing but my 
bones, for, despite my struggles, they were mastering me, 
when aid came from an unexpected quarter. 

"Those buzzards, called by the Batives 'zopilotes,' roosting 
on the yards and rigging of the brig are the natural scaven- 
gers of South American cities; they clean the streets of all 
offal and noxious matter, and destroy vermin with a zealous 
hatred. The birds are ugly and repulsive in appearance, but 
the inhabitants, knowing their value as public benefactors, 
never molest them; in fact, in many of the South American 
ports a heavy fine is imposed, and in some cases severe punish- 
ment is administered, to those who kill or interfere with the 
"zopilotes.' As for myself, I shall always have a respect for 
the birds, unprepossessing as they look, for they came to my 
assistance, and with their strong claws and sharp beaks made 
short work of the rats; and it was not any too soon, for I have 
but a faint recollection of knowing that I was saved when I 
swooned or passed into a sort of delirium or half-conscious 
stupor, during which I imagined that the rats were still gnaw- 
ing and tearing at my flesh. How long I remained in this 
condition, or how long I would have remained, I do not know. 
Sometime during the morning it commenced to rain, and the 
cooling influence of the shower brought me to my senses. But 
oh ! what, a plight I was in ! my lips were swollen as large 
as your two fists: my legs and arms were as bad, in fact, it was 
much the same all over my body, and I was so stiff and sore 
that I could not move for some time. I began to fear that I 
was poisoned, and would have to lay there on the deck help- 
lessly growing worse and suffering a death ten thousand times 
more horrible than being devoured by rats — dying by starva- 
tion ! The idea was terrible, it made me summon all my reso- 
lution and strength, until after several efforts I managed to 
gain my feet. Luckily, 1 had fallen near the bulwarks, en the 
rail of which I was compelled to lean for support. The string 
of the oil skin sack, wound around my wrist during my strug- 
gle for life, had become so entangled and imbedded in my flesh 
that I could not get rid of the sack, which, though in reality 
iight. seemed of a tremendous weight, ami deprived me from 
using my arm. 

"The sea breeze, however, revived me greatly, and 1 manag- 
ed i i gi "i iwolleu eye lids open wide enough to see that the 
o'd Spartan was still at anchor. 1 tried to hail her, but m • 
lio- were so thick and swollen that I could not open my mouth. 
My voice seemed to go down my throat; and. all the sound 
thai eatue from my mouth was an unintelligible blubbering. I 
worked my way, by leaning on the rail, to the main rigging, 
where finding, after repeated trials, that 1 was unable to 
mount. I jammed myself between the lanyard.-, which, with 
the rail, gave me considerable support. Here 1 ■'■ > rmini d to 
bang until I w. is discovered by some one on the ship or by a 
passing boat. 

"Well, we read and talk about expectation, about 'hope 
deferred' making the 'heart sick' and 'living in hope and dying 
in despair,' why, sir, the day before, every boat in the harbor 
came as near that brig as the sweep of their oars would allow 





JTJYE1TILE INSTRUCTOR 



189 





but as I hung there in the rigging, helpless, and, as I thought, 
dying, I'm blessed if they didn't steer as clear of the craft as 
they would have done had a yellow flag been flying at her 
mast head. 

' 'I have no doubt that my head and shoulders, wedged between 
the 'lanyards', looked from the distance like a 'dead eye' or a 
zopilote, and there was some excuse for the people in the 
ship not noticing me; but why the boats kept off and gave me 
such a wide berth I don't pretend to say. 

"Hour after hour passed, and to me ev<ry hour teemed an 
age; the sun was fearfully hot, and I thought my head would 
split open. My thirst was terrible, and although I knew that 
the bottle in the sack dangling from my arm, contained water, 
yet I could not get at it. I believe I died or fainted and came 
to life again a dozen times during the day. Every time I re- 
vived I thought it would be the last, and that it would not bo 
the sharks or the rats, but the buzzards who would pick my 
bones after all. But the rats I knew, would come again at dark; 
lli3 mere thought of them was maddening, and I tried again 
and again to call out and wave my stiff and paralyzed arms to 
attract the attention of the bparfan's people, or some passing 
boat, if within hail, for I could not see an object a foot from 
me. What with the heat of the sun on my head, the glare of 
the water, and the swelling of my eyelids, I was as blind as a 
bat hours before I was rescued from the painful position. 
Late in the afternoon our mate, passing in his boat, noticed a 
man's body or rather head and shoulders jammed between the 
shrouds of the brig. He pulled alongside for a closer inspec- 
tion. I had just enough life remaining to utter a few faint 
groans, and to hear the exclamations of surprise when it was 
discovered who I was. They placed me tenderly and gently 
in the boat. 

"Nothing touches a sailor's heart quicker than a comrade in 
distress, and when safely on board the ship, measures were 
promptly taken for mv restoration. Unfortunately, as you 
know. Jack's medical knowledge is limited, and consequent y 
their treatment of disease or accident is on the principle that 
violent attacks need violent remedies. I was first drench* d 
with bucket after bucket full of salt water, until what little 
life then; was left in me was nearly drowned out. Then a pint 
of 'horse salts' (Jack's infallible remedy for all sickness) was 
poured down my throat, followed by a glass of grog to make it 
stick. They calculated this would either kill or cure me, and 
I am happy to say I took the favorable turn, and three days 
after I reported for duty. 

' In the meantime the boys were kept in a state of suspense, 
wondering how I got on board the brig, and what hap] e ted : o 
me while there; but I was not over anxious to reveal the 
invstery, and it was some time before I 'let out that Hal 
attempted to desert and had been captured by the rats." 

Tom told me he still had the manuscript found in the brig, 
in his possession, and that I should have the pleasure of read- 
ing and translating it for him when the opportunity offered. 

"I was compelled to take another cruise in the old ark," 
said he "before I got clear from her, and I'll tell you how it 
came about. Some time when you have nothing better to 

listen to." 

Sailors on merchant vessels are usually allowed Sundays 
us liberty days, when they go on shore to amusa them- 
selves as their inclination leads; which I am sorry to say, 
is too often to a "paulparee," or rum shop, where they pass 
the day drinking and carousing. A few, however, with I ette 

judgm snt and respect for themselves, visit the curiosities and 

notable places, make themselves familiar with the manners 
m d customs of the Datives, and gather up information gener- 



ally that in after years pioves of value, and bezefit. On some 
vessels the use of a boat is allowed those of the crew who 
wish to enjoy themselves in that way. 

Our supercargo was very fond of boat sailing and exploring 
around the bay. He had been many years on the coast, and 
seemed to be well posted in the history, in fact, in everything 
interesting connected with the country. I was usually his 
companion on these excursions, and he took a delight in ex- 
plaining and answering my many inquiries. One evening as 
we were returning to the ship after a pleasant trip to the Bio- 
bio, the early inhabitants of the country was the topic of our 
conversation. I told him T knew but little of the Araucanians 
aud their history. "Well," said he, "as our boat sails lazily 
along, we will stretch ourselves comfortably on the stern-seats 
and I will give you a brief history of these remarkable people. 
To be Continued. 



LETTERS TO OTTIR, CHI I 
ZDIRyZEZbT. 



FROM A MISSIONARY IN THE SOUTUEKN S] TKS 



SrNCE we wrote, to you last we have removed to Virginia, 
familiarly and affectionately called the "Old Dominion,'' 
because it is the oldest of the Stales, and was the largi si i ■■' 
the original thirteen. It is also called the "Mother of £ 
men," because George Washington and a m mbei f other 
celebrated men were born here in Virginia. 

Since the summer has fairly set in it has been very hot at 
t mcs. The thermometer has often indicated 1 00 c in the shadi . 

We have plenty of opportunities of laying before the people 
here the principles of the gospel, although the falsehoods thai 
are so freelv circulated concerning our people cause a great 
deal of prejudice against us. Still we are I n ated with 
and listened to with interest, and we make many friends*. 

The planters and farmers are very busy at this season of the 
year, it being the wheat harvest. Wheat is sown in the fall, 
and gathered about the end of June or the beginning of July. 
After the wheat harvest comes the oat harvest, and then the 
corn and tobacco. Tobacco is considere I 1 y the farmer'-' to 1 e 

the best paying crop. Virginia, North Carolina, Te 

Maryland, Kentucky and Missouri produce great quant; 
tobacco, and are called the "Tobacco Slates." A great deal 
of care and consequent labor has to be be towed upon this 
plant to prepare it for the market, to be used for chewing and 
smoking by its unfortunate-devotees who have become enslaved 
to the habit of "using tobacco." 

For your amusement and instruction, we will give you a 
story of the tobacco, which will in a pleasant manner give you 
some idea of the difficulties in raising it. We will let it speak 
for itself in telling its 

STORY OF THE TOBACCO 

"The first I remember I was in company with thousands 
like myself in the pod of a fine, likely-looking plant, that was 
called the tobacco plant. One day we were gatheredand shook 
oul into a small canvas sack. We were like the dust, w< were 
such fine, tiny, delicate seed. Alter we were shook out 
together into the sack, we were put away in a box af the 
house of a planter. Many days afterwards we wee ti k< 
t.. be put in abed that bad been prepared foi us; and 1 will 
tell you bow: - . 

■•A pb.ee bad been cleared by the side of a branch whiol 
flowed into a creek at the foot of a gentli slope ft was si 





190 



JUVENILE IlTSTR n CTOB. 





tered by woods from the keen winds, and moistened from the 
water running in the branch and the vapors arising therefrom. 
After the place had been cleared, several small loads of wood 
had been burned upon it. to effectually kill out all the weeds 
an 1 grass, that we might not be choked out. The land was 
then worked over by the plantei with a grubbing hoe.' and 
the mold all made fine and nicely prepared for us. We were 
then mixed with some ashes, and scattered over this bed, and 
lightly covered with a rich manure, called guano. 

"All this trouble to prepare our bed is because we are such 
tiny seed, like dust, and when we first make our appearance 
we are such very small plant.-, although we grow so large and 
strong when we mature. 

"In course of time we beaau to put in an appearance as 
tiny plants, showing two little leave.-, almost requiring a magni- 
fying glass to see us. We were just bursting into life, when 
we discovered we had a terrible enemy, in the shape of a little 
black bug, which, although very small, was very destructive, 
for, would you believe it. thc\ devoured many of us entire, 
and destroyed the beauty of many of the rest of us by eating 
holes in our pretty leaves But some ofuseseaped and lived, 
growing larger every day. and strengthening with age. 

"One day, after a heavy rain, the planter and bis boi - came 
down to the plant bed, an I bes m to pull us up by the roots. 
This treatment seemed worse than 1 1 i • bug; for We were pulled 
out of the around altogether. We were laid side by side in a 
basket, and did not feel very well under such treatment. 
When the basket was full we were carried out of the woods 
into the open country, into a large field that had been plowed 
and prepared for our reception. We were about the size of 
cabbage plants, and were planted out in tin- field about three 
feet apart. This taking us Irom our cosy plant bed. where we 
h i 1 grown up together so comfortably, and separating us out 
so far apart, made us feel rather dejected, and we droopi 1 Ebi 
awhile, and looked rather sickly; but there came a refreshing 
rain, and we got reconciled to the situation, and began to put 
forth our strength in quite a handsome plant. 

"But would you believe it. here we found another enemy, 
called a 'cut worm,' a nasty, ugly worm it I may be allowed 
the expression, that cut down many of my fellows. But we 
were watched over by the planter and his buy-, who, T am 
glad in relate, killed the worm that had been so destructive to 
it- and had laid low so many of my plant bed companions. 
After a good rain other plants were brought forward from the 
plant bed, and our broken ranks were filled with nice, fresh 
plants. But our troubles were not yet at an end. I bad 
noticed a very large fly flitting about us. Tt had a peculiar, 
lorn.' trunk, which it thrust forth when it sucked the sweetness 
from the pretty flowers on which it alighted. This trunk was 
coiled no when it alighted cm us, and one day this fly, called a 
tobacco fly. and there were many of them, laid an egg on our 
leave-. Not much harm in laying an egg, was there' ( 111, 
DO, hut the harm came afterwards; f or j n course 'if time the 
egg brought forth a caterpillar, that commenced feeding upon 
us. and grew verj rapidly into a large, horned worm: called 

the tOCaCCO worm. 

"1 thought 1 was doomed to he eaten alive, just as I was 
beginning to look so grand, ami after so much care had 1 ecu 
bestowed upon me by my friends, the planters. However, 
they did nut desert tne, but came around one day on purpose 
to look alter Mr. Worm, and to save me. so I had the satis- 
faction of beholding the death of my enemy, for the planter 
and hi- hoy- killed all they could find. " 

( To be font 'i lined. ) 



E1STTOMOLOGY-2STO. 



BY W. I). JOHNSON, JUN. 



HEMI V T E R A . 



BELONGING to the group homoptera. is the very interesting 
insect known by the common name of "seventeen year 
locust,' but this insect belongs to another sub order than that 
of the locust, which is of the family of ortbopterous insect, 
such as those which did so much damage in this Territory a 
few years ago. 

The scientific name of this insect is cicada septemdea'm 
meaning seventeen years cicada; as it is that number of years 
passing through its trail-formations. It is about one inch in 
length, the head broad, large and convex; eyes on each side, 
and three eylets on the crown. The intennfe is short and 
hair-like. They have akso a long tubular beak. The thorax is 
black, with orange red lines and an elevated spot resembling 
the letter X. The wing covers and wings are both transparent, 
distinctly veined, and expand two and one half to three inches; 
the legs are long and rather slim. The nia'es are provided 
with an instrument with which they make a loud, buzzing sound 
that can be heard for a mile. These musical instruments are 
.similar to a kettle drum in construction. They have one on 
each side of the body just behind the wings, which can be 
seen by raising them. They are formed by convex pieces of 
parchment like substance gathered into numerous plaits. The 
noise is produced by muscles attached to the inner side, which 
th3 insect contracts and relaxes as he chooses. The ovipositor 
of the female is a very curious instrument. It consists of three 
pieces; the two outer ones are grooved on the ins'de and toothed 
like a saw on the outer side; the central one is a sharp spear- 
like borer. The body is black, and the rings are edged with 
a dull orange color. 

These insects generally appear in the latter part of May 
or early in June. In some parts of the United States they 
are so numerous at times, and come in such immense swarms, 
as to bend and even break the branches of trees upon which 
they alight; and they fill the air with the noise of their rattling 
di urns from morning till night, They are quite abundant in 
some parts of this Territory, but they do not come in such 
number.- as to do much damage. 

After pairing, the females proceed to lay their eggs, which 
they iio in the followingmanner: they select the small branches 
and clasp them with their legs; then repeatedly thrust their 
piercer or ovipositor obliquely into the bark and wood, in the 
direction of the fibres; at the same time the little saws detach 
small splinters of wood which serve as a covering to the nest. 
In the groove thus made they deposit from ten to twenty eggs. 
The eggs are conveyed into the nest by means of the grooved 
side pieces of the piercer. One female lays from four to five 
hundred eggs, which are one twelfth of an inch long, and 
nearly white. The shell is so thin and delicate that the insect 
can be seen before the egg is hatched, which happensin fourteen, 
forty-two or fifty-two days, owing to circumstances and condi- 
tion of the atmosphere. 

The young cicadas soon after they are hatched, fall to the 
ground, and immediately bury themselves in the earth, by 
means of their strong fore feet, which are admirably adapted 
for digging. They follow the roots of plants, on the juices of 
which they feed, by puncturing them with their strong beaks. 
They live in this state for nearly seventeen years. There is but 
little change from the larva to the pupa state; the pupa have 
the wings dimly outlined on the sides of the body. 





crTJ^r^isrirjE iitstrtjctor 



191 




When the time arrives for the final change they ascend 
towards the surface and make cylindrical passages five eighths 
of an inch in diameter; in these they remain for several days, 
ascending to the top of the hole every day for the purpose of 
becoming used to the light and air. When they get ready to 
change, they leave their burrow and crawl up the trunks of 
trees and other object?. After resting a short time, they make 
a longitudinal rent in the back ot the pupa skin, and withdraw 
the body from it, and come forth a perfect cicada, leaving the 
empty pupa skin still fastened to the tree. In this state thev 
live only a few weeks. 

There is another cicada very common in this country which 
requires only thirteen years to complete its transformation. 
The common "dog-day harvest, fly," lives only one year under 
ground; it is of a black color, and covered with a white sub- 
stance, like meal; it is much larger than the former. 

The Greeks were delighted with the music of these insects. 
and used to keep them in cages for the sole purpose of enjoying 
their music; they also used the pupa and perfect insect for 
food. The Indians now roast and fry them, and consider them 
an excellent dish. 

Birds are also very fond of their eggs, and destiny a great 
many. Rats, squirrels and other animals eat the insects. It 
is said that during one of the last cicada or "locust" years the 
farmers' wivesof the eastern States made a good artie'e of soup 
from them. All the « things help to keep these insects in check. 






JOSEPH SMITH, 
PROPHET. 



THIS 




(Continued.) 

Joseph occupied, in the days of which we write, ail his time 
in translating the Bible, receiving revelation-, teaching 
the Saints, and traveling and preaching. He still lived at 
Hiram. One night in March, 1 S.'Ji!, a mob burst into bis 
house. He had been watching over a sjek child and was 
asleep at the time. When he awoke they were carrying him 
out of the house. These mobbers carried him to a meadow 
close by. They tore all his clothes off, and scratched and 
pounded him severely. They covered his body with tar. and 
the feathers which they shook on tbe tar they had stolen -out 
of Sidney Rigdon's house. Sidney had been carried nut of 
his house at the same time, and the mob had nearly killed 
him also. 

Every time Joseph attempted to stir they threatened to 
kill him. They tried to force a tar paddle into his mouth; 
and they also broke a small bottle in his teeth in trying to 
pour something down his throat. In trying to pour this stuff 
into his mouth they must have thought to kill him. This 
stuff was supposed to be uqva fortis, or, as it is sometimes 
called nitric acid, as where it was spilled on the around it 
burned the grass. This is a very powerful and destructive 
acid. They also tried to choke him. Had not the Lord 
prevented them they would, without doubt, have killed him. 

Joseph had not done these men harm. His only cn'ise of 
offense was preaching the truth, and for this the wicked were 
reaily to murder him. The chief leaders of this mob were 
apostates — men who had been baptized into the Church, and 

10 by committing sin afterwards had lost the Spirit of the 



L >id. and denied tin- truth and been cut off from the Church. 
Instead of the love thev once had towards tbe work of God 
and His servants, they had hatred. The most bitter enemies 
Joseph bad doling his lifetime were apostates. It lias always 
been so with the servants of God. It was an apostate who 
betrayed Jesus to hi- enemies. Hi« nunc was Judas Iscariot. 
And it has been through apostates that the most of the 
servants of (bid have been killed. 

Besides apostates there were, as usual, a good many men 
who profost-ed to be religious aid tn love God, in the mob. 

Mobbing and abuse did not. however, prevent Joseph from 
declaring the truth. The next morning after the mobbing, 
being Sunday, he preached to the people. Among the con- 
gregation were several of the mob who had so cruelly abused 
him the night previous. He baptized three persons that day. 

On the 2nd of April, 1832, .Joseph, accompanied by four 
brethren, started on his journey to Missouri, to visit for the 
se nd time, the place which the Lord had said should be the 
centre stake of Zion. While tl re Joseph held a conference 

of the Elders and Saints, and ived several important 

revelations, and made arrangements for the publication of the 
Book of Commandments and also the Hymn Bonk, and 
attended to other bn- ; "c ss. 

In returning from ' <souri to K rtland, Joseph had Bro. 
N. K. Whitney for one of his companions. In these days 
there were no railroads in the country in which they were 
traveling. They traveled by stage, and one day the horses got 
frightened and ran away at full speed. Bro. Whitney 
attempted to jump out of the coach, and, his coat being fast, 
his foot caught in the wheel. His leg and foot were broken 
in several places. They stopped at a tavern in Indiana. 
While here poison was administered to Joseph in his food. 
He vomited profusely and brought up large quantities of 
poisonous matter and blood. So great was the effect upon his 
system that bis jaw came out of its place. This he put back 
himself, and then went to Bro. Whitney who administered to 
him in the name of the Lord. Joseph was instantly healed, 
though the effect of the poison upon his body was so powerful 
that much of his bait was loo ened fio u his head. 

Children, if you will turn to the loth chapter of Mark, you 
will find tha' Jesus, after his resurrection, appeared to his 
disciple-, lie told them that certain signs should follow those 
who should believe Among the rest, he said, that "if they 
drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them." Joseph had 
proved this promise to be true. He had taken deadly poison; 
but, through tbe power of Cod. it had not killed him, and by 
having hands laid upon him. he had been healed. 

livery one of you. little readers, can have the same blessings, 
it you will only exer-i-e faith; for the Lord his promised them 
unto you as much as to any people who ever lived. 

Von may be sure that Joseph would not want to stop at 
that place any longer after receiving such treatment, lie told 
Brother Whitney, that if he would agree to start for home in 
the morning, they should have a prosperous journey, lie 
described to him the various conveyances by which they would 
travel and where they would find them, with as much minute- 
ness a- if he himself had arranged everything beforehand. 
This he did through the spirit of prophecy. Joseph had 

administered to Brother Whitney, and though he was severely 

injured, he did not tall to eat his fond regularly and to have 

good sleep. He took courage at what Joseph said, and they 
started. Thev found everything as he had described, and had 

a quick passage home. 

i To be Continued.) 




129 



J" U "V" E IN" I L E IITSTRTJCTOE,. 




: 7U CONPERE1TCB SONG. 

Music by Prof. C. J. Tiioma 



Words by "Hugh KLnouuh.' 

_J — 




uiighty sea dI 



:g^=8f=g=3=---t=|»=«!r- 

i. 
faces, Side liv side all climes ami 



:z l — »— £-3 — 



-m • -m- 
races ! Such a 



3: 



al •' — "I — 



1=3: :t t£t: 
« —I- *• • *■-»- 

erf ' — I . — . •—*- 



&•—« 



J:rp2r.^-&B:rfc 
bt==Sz:=£ 



=3=:p^p:r|»=p=:3-p=:j»=S;:z*i 



sittht who can for 

-^LjSL-m—m—,— 

i a *^~»E5=i= 



-»> ' 



-4—b-X 



get?t>ucil a .^i'iiit who i -mii fur 

-£.- ■£: -J? 

|-p=p=p=»:d 
=Jz=.=|=] 



get? 

J2i 



*>: 



l£S 



-f— *-g- 



For one 

— f. 

:p=p=: 



3=i=?=^ 

object met to 



=!£^i=Si- "i ^=at=^==q==^=i=rprrpqprr==z= q==3=!]p=z:3nq^q==: q^z^rrrj: 

gether, As one heart in their en 



rrp=p=p=p— 
z==t=t=t= 



■£=p~p=p: 
-i= - | — fr-fr : 



=t=— trS«£3 



^=-zft— ^=^^=>-q=-— =J 1 _ £ =. 

L-ji 5g^g==7*= =8=2=^=^= 




= a s=t£=ir 



:=F- 



^ 



deav 



Si 



ir. For what puipose liave they met? For what 



- *— » j* — I — F 



*= 



purpose have they 

- — ,— •*-— g — P- - 



rp 



met: 



Allegretto 



*B3l 



• a ~^= 

=:4- = j: 



: J-ci — PH=<=2=* .-3rS=gH3=:2 



=t 







:?E3=s 

:P=3-S^= 



"1'i.-. the Conference of the 



cho - sen, Hearts and hands to - gether wov 



=q=== 



!§=§ 



en;'Tis God's will thev 

m. P ■ ■■O. 



p?^f^— --3it==-^3-&=i^3rp2v=]=p=p=prFrt=ir3-^:ttp3— !|EE3r*Et3=pbEU3 

£2 1 ==7-p— jMri "-3zi==3=|=d^|— F-rzzga^r-t-H^- -^-H-^pEpB-pFd 



5=^= 



__!_, — ,__ 



seek to 



jbEg;J=;=g— ^z^=p3=g=l?3^rrg3Eg=g=gzJ^3-3-^=gg==p=: 

lv in - struetion greet 



kno" 



As one mighty pulse is beat - ing, Anxious 

-* -» .—(=2 m—.—C2 *- n -(2^ .-(• P- 



: — . — : «v *■ _F^ m — .—(-^ ^ — .— f-^-- .— m m « — , — \ 



~rrq3 



r 



^ 




:^=r 



^: 



=3=-^=3- 

— i[Ej-g.-3= 

o 1 — »-4 . -J — 



— 1 — r 



ing; Love and union through them flow, through them flow. Love and union throush them _ flow. 

_ — m _m-»--.-Q-0- -.-(=2-J-~ ^T^ — J_ J — ^T^— '^ r - 0r — ,-g— ^-- ,-g " I* - - 1 ^-^P-n 




l!..vr attentfvc mII are listening! 
And with love, oac 1 ! eye is glistening, 
,\. iln-ir leaders truths proelaiml 
A- kind parents they are chiding, 
And as 'liililr''n they abiding; 
Know ing thai it is 1 heir i^iin 

Ron that man bo grand and agoH, 
Willi his hearl and soul engaged, 

ng with prophetic toi 
P01 1 iifetime h" has led them, 

ill, cared for all, uml f- - ■ 1 them, 
Brigham Youngl 

Ah 1 w I 'tis bere tbou learnesl 

How IIki truth is sought in earnest 
By the Sain I ol Latl da 
Evorj 

I lisc have vanif - 1 

. 



Tliink not they care ought for slander, 

Of vile tongues who love to pander 

Lies transparent as the air. 

By their actions thoy are proved, 

As a rock, cannot he moved; 

In the right they do and dare. 



cruvE2sriiL,jH] i3ststr,tjotor, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIIIST it FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE O. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



T E KM S IN ADVANCE 
Single C<q>y, ptr Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^gJ-Officc, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




