I 



^t-WL 






**^g9 



1W 







VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1871. 



NO. 14. 



a-XJISTBO^-T OIT TZHZIE SEINE, 



'9- 



WE present iu this number the picture of an iron-clad gun- 
boat, which will give our readers au idea of the appear- 
ance of these formidable crafts 'which have been used so exten- 
sively of late years for war-like purposes. By the flag 'which 
floats from the stern of this vessel, we can perceive that she is a 
French gunboat. She floats in the waters of the Seine, and 
the purpose of bringing her there was the defence of Paris. 
It was thought that she could be made useful in defending 
that city against the Prussians. This guuboat was iron-plated, 
and the deck was also covered with iron. She had what a 
sailor would call a "forecastle," which rose above the level of 
the rest of the deck ; and it contained two guns, which pointed 
forward in a line 
with the keel, with 
a slight training 
limit to each side. 
Having two large 
helms arid a double 
screw, she was in- 
tended to turn 
rapidly so as to 
face her foes. 
There were six 
small projections 
on each side of the 
forecastle ; tho s e 
were probably 
shields coy e ring 
loopholes for mus- 
ketry. Such a 
(■rait W w I d b e 
difficult to hit By 
artillery, and dilli- 
cult to hurt oven 
when hit; * h e 
could keep the middle of the stream, and the banks would 
be daugeroiu n itb a Sock of such ducks on the riv'< r. 
in the lata war of the Rebellion, this clan of vessels was very 

extensively used!. Captain Ericsson built i thai became very 

famous, and was called the Monitor. She was Ipiiilt in a great 
hurry, and delivered to the government, and the m-xt day she 
wai taken in tow from Now fork harbor by a steam-tug, and 
propelled by her own steam power also, and hurried inwards 
Hampton Roads. It was known that the rebels had a frigate 
called the Metrimao, which they had covered with heavy plat- 
ing of inn and with a rod forward, formed of bars of railroad 
iron. Tiny were preparing to m.-ik-- a descent upon the Fed- 



eral shipping, and the Monitor was sent there to be ready, 
if possible, to meet her. The voyage was performed through a 
heavy gale of wind and rough seas, which placed her in very 
great danger ; and she would have been lost at one time had it 
not been for the strong hawser by which she was connected 
with the tug-boat. The Monitor entered Hampton Roads on 
Saturday evening as the engagement of the day was terminating 
between the Confederate ships, three in number, the Merrimac, 
the Jamestown and the Yorktown — and the United States 
vessels, the Cumberland, the Congress and the Minnesota. The 
Cumberland and the Congress had been destroyed, aud the 
Minnesota was fast aground. The Monitor remained near hex 

through the night, 
the Merrimac hav- 
ing drawn off and 
anchored at some 
distance. Early on 
Sunday morning 
the Merrimac was 
seen adv a d c i u g 
towards the Minne- 
sota to renew the 
woi'k of destruc- 
tion, When within 

range she b C - a II 

[ring at tin- latter, 
paying no heed to 
the Monitor, she 
being untiri ly too 
insignifii ant i-i aji 
train ■ to attract 
her attention. But 
ill" Merriinai « i 
astonished to 
reo e i v o a b1io< 
weighing one hundred and sixty dghl pounds from tha curiou 
little tower on tho Monitor. She soon found that she had hor 
match and had enough business to do without paying anj atf in 

lion to the Minnesota, Seeing thai her shot had no effeol u| 

tin- little gunboat, the Morrimac made an attempt to run the 
Monitor down and crush or sink hor, Fivoti b tho two ves- 
sels straok each other, and each tini e of the guns of the 

Monitor w.-i.s discharged directly against the plated sides of the 
Merrimao, After tho contest had raged for onic bours, the 

Monitor was si ill unhari I ; bul sho withdrew for the purpose 

of hoisting more shot into her turret; then sin- sailed baok 
again. The Merrimai after a whilo drew off, [n trying to run 







l^g^T 



106 



CT TT ^T E UST I L IE HTSTBTJCTOB, 



pv 



down the Monitor, the timbers which fastened her iron prow 
were wrenched so much that she leaked badly It must have 
been very unpleasant to have been iuside the iron pot, for the 
Monitor was like an iron pot, when the balls of the Mcrriuiac 
struck her. Two men were leaning against the inner wall when 
one of the shut.'- struck her, which knocked them down and 
stunned them. 

The Monitor sailed from New York harbor on her first voy- 
age "ii the 6th of March, 1862. She was lost at sea on the last 
day of December of the same year, off the coast of North 
Carolina. She was being towed at the time by the steamer 
Rhode Island. Four of her officers and nine of her men as well 
as eight men of the Rhode Island went down with her. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

S(tttti$1ify all jSommott ^ittji* 



sjyiEXjTinsra- isro 2. 



1 If HEN the metal is separated fixmi the ores, it is run off 
) T into a suitable vessel and allowed to cool a little before it 
is poured into moulds. The moulds are shaped in such a man- 
ner that the ''bullion," as the bar metal is called, can be readily 
separated when cool. The metal takes the exact shape of the 
mould ; and frequently the name of the firm is seen in relief at 
the bottom of the mould, that is in raised letters, so that the 
ingot exhibits the name in sunken letters. The display of 
bullion in our streets will enable the student to notice these 
things, and the reflective' observer may see how large a quan- 
tity of metal has to be reduced from the ores to procure a little 
silver. 

The term "bullion" is perhaps not correctly used to designate 
the metal reduced from our low-grade ores j sometimes it is 
called ''base bullion," implying that it is impure. Much has 
to be done to separate the precious metals from the inferior, 
this is done by different modes, but that of separating by the 
cupel, or "cupellation" is the most general mode. The word 
"cupel" means a little cup, it is a sort of shallow crucible, made 
of bone ashes, or burnt Ikuics. At the Royal Mint of England, 
the calcined cores of ox-horns are used, but any kind of bones 
will do. The powder (bone ash) is moistened with a little 
water and a circular steel mould is filled therewith; and, after 
being pressed down tight, it is brought into the proper shape 
by a rammer that has a oonvex face of polished steel. Much 
care i* required in preparing cupels, where a very great degree 
of accuracy i- required, as, for instance, in the process of assay- 
ing. 

Tli- moulds for making cup I- may be purchased in this city, 
and fh • bone ash, prepared for use, from gentlemen who make 
il a speciality to procure assayero' apparatus. Probably it will 
I"- a long time however, before our bullion is separated here, 

and th" silver refined f>r the market altl gh many of our 

brethren are perfectly competent to perform all the operations 
p rtaining to metallurgy. 

^ hili' it may I." interesting and instructive to describe the 
mod" of conducting an assay by means of the cupel, it must not 
be understood that tin- process is always resortel to in "the 
large way,' that is in operations oi great magnitude. Lead, 
may be oxidized, or it may be enriched by crystallization, 
processes that may yet be described. It is, in fact, by oxida- 
tion that cupsllation is effected, but, on the cupel Hie oxide is 
absorbed into the substance of the cupel. But a suitable fur 

nai'.- i- also i d-d, tongs for conveying the assay into the 

cupel, and a muffle" to contain the cupels. 



The "muffle" is a clay pot with au arched roof, pierced with 
holes and open at both ends; the apertures are pierced at the 
top and at the sides. The use of these apertures is to intro- 
duce the cupels, aud to inspect the process, as well as to pre- 
vent the fuel from interfering with the assay. A furnace may 
be so constructed as to contain a set of cupels, which should be 
properly arranged in receptacles for holding them. The 
muffle and its contents may then be placed in the furnace in 
which it rests upon a plate of metal (the "muffle-plate.") To 
regulate the heat of the furnace, dampers are provided to shut 
off the supply of oxygen. The fuel (charcoal) should be of 
the best quality and free from moisture as possible. The 
conducting of an assay requires much experience, to judge of 
the time, especially, that is necessary to effect the separation of 
the impurities. The principle may be understood by explana- 
tion, but the practice requires manipulation ; thus the appear- 
ance of the assay, when it has become pure, i. e. free from 
alloy, has to be learned by experience. Generally, however, 
when the assay appears convex and very hot, while the cupel 
itself does not indicate too much heat, and while the centre of 
the metal appears smooth and surrounded by a circle of oxide 
(litharge) all is going on right. This litharge is absorbed by 
the cupel ; and, the practiced eye soon learns to discern 
whether lead only is present by the color of the oxide. When 
the metal enters the cupel and circulates well, the heat may be 
somewhat diminished. To circulate means to move freely, an 
nndulatory appearance produced by intense heat. This circu- 
lation has to be continued until the metal becomes bright and 
shining, a state in which it is said to "lighten". There will 
then be seen prismatic colors on the surface, these are au optical 
effect produced by thin films of oxides of metals on the surface 
of the assay. These colors vary considerably, at times, resem- 
bling the most varied and beautiful rainbow hues that flash 
across the globules in the most rapid and siugular manner 
Gradually all these colors vanish, the metal appears brilliant, 
and clear, and at last becomes fixed and solid. This is called 
the "brighteniug" and shows that the work of separation is 
finished. It is generally considered a good assay when the 
bead or button is of a rouud form, with the upper surface 
brilliant, its under surface of a dead white and granular appear- 
ance. It should also separate readily from the cupel, for, if the 
metal does not do so, too little heat has been used, and the but- 
ton still retains some impurity. 

RETH. 



ALFRED TZHZIE GREAT AT 
HOME. 



ONE of the chapters in Thomas Hughes' life of "Alfred tin 1 
Great," published by Osgood it Co., Boston, is devoted to 
B description of the king's home and family. As a description 
that will please most readers, we herewith present the greater 
portion of that chapter: 

In his private life the king seems to have been as happy as 
he deserved to be. Of Queen Ethelswitha we know nothing, 
except that she was the faithful consort of Ivr husband, and 
bore him many children. The early training of these must have 

I n her chief work and bow admirably it was performed may 

be inferred from the results. Every child of Alfred turned out 
well. The girls of the royal family were trained in all kinds of 
womanly work ; the four daughters of Edward the Elder, who 

must have I n brought up in Ethelswitha' a household, having 

been Specially distinguished fir their great assiduity and skill 
in spinning, weaving, and needlework. And the processes used 
in these art- were by no means simple. Bishop Adhclm Speaks. 
even in his time, of webs formed "with threads of purple and 
various other colors woven in with the shuttle, thrown from 
one side to the other, thereby forming a variety of different 



&§&* 



35 



J" IT "V E IN" I L E HTSTE-UOTOR, 



ft 



colors and figures, each it its owu proper compartment knit 
together with exquisite art." 

The higher education, of girls as well as hoys, went on in the 
schools attached to the court under Alfred's eye. Probably his 
own daughters were at least as well taught as Queen Edgitha 
in the next century, who was often seen by Ingolphus in his 
boyhood, when his father was in the palace, as he came from 
school. "When I have met her she would examine me iu my 
learning, and from grammar would proceed to logic, which she 
also understood, concluding with me in the most subtle argu- 
ment ; then causing one of her attendant maids to present me 
with a piece of money, I was dismissed to the larder, where I 
was sure to get something to eat." Ethelswitha survived her 
husband, and died at the court of her son in 905. 

The eldest child, Ethelfleda, born in the first year of her 
father's reign, when the Danes were in Reading camp, was 
married very early to the gallant Ethelred, the Alderman of 
Mercia, Alfred's "princeps inilitue," as he is sometimes called. 
She shared the government with her husband, as Lady of 
Mercia, and after his death ruled gallantly in the center of 
England, consolidating and strengthening the Mercian frontiers 
against the Welsh on one side, and the East Anglians on th» 
other. 

The second daughter was Ethelgeda, who became abbess of 
the great monastery at Shaltesbury, which the king built soon 
after the peace of Wedmore. Her residence there may proba- 
bly account for the special attachment which Alfred showed to 
the town, which he rebuilt as early as A. D. 880, if wo may 
accept the evidence of William of Malmesbury. He mentions 
in his chronicle that he had seen a stone which was dug out of 
the old walls in his time, and which bore the inscription. "A. 
D. 880, Alfredus Rex fecit hanc Urbem, regni sui 88." 

The third daughter, Elfrida, or Elfrith, became the wife of 
Baldwin of Flanders, the eldest sou of Judith, Alfred's old 
playfellow, who had scandalized Christian England in the time 
of his boyhood by her successive marriages with his father and 
brother. How or when the reconciliation between them took 
place we do not know. 

The boys were Edward, afterward King Edward the Elder, 
and Ethelward, the youngest son, showed a turn for study, and, 
"by the divine counsels and prudence of the king, was con- 
signed to the schools of learning, where, with the children of 
almost all the nobility of the country, and many also who were 
not noble, he prospered under the diligent care of his teachers." 
While Ethelward then was sent to Oxford (or whatever was the 
leading school of England, ) Edward seems never to have got 
beyond the school which was attached to his father's court. 
Asser states that he and Elfrith were bred up in the king's 
court, "and continue there to this day" (probably about A. D. 
887,) adding in words which clearly apply to both the boys, 
though Ethelward's name is not mentioned. He continues: 
'They had the love of all about them, and showed affability 
and gentleness to all, both natives and foreigners, and were in 
complete subjection to their father. Nor amongst their other 
studies which pertain to this life, and are tit for noble youths, 
arc they suffered to pass their time idly and unprofitably with- 
out learning the liberal arts; for they have carefully learned the 
I'salms and Saxon books, especially the Saxon poems, and an; 
continually in the habit of making use of books." 

But Edward inherited all his father's vigor and courage, as 
well as his kindly courtesy, and was addicted to, and do doubt 
encouraged by Alfred, in the practice of martial spurt and hunt- 
ing. There is a romantic story which connects his fust marriage 
with a hunting expedition. Turning aside from his sport to 
visit an old Woman who had been his nurse, he (bund living 
with her a girl of great beauty, named Edgina. She was the 
daughter of a shepherd, according to William of Malmesbury 
and Brampton, but at any rate was of lowly birth, and had 
dreamed that the moon shone out of her body so brightly that 



107 s 



it illuminated all England. She had told the dream to the old 
nurse, who had adopted her, and now the Etheling came to 
make the dream true. There has been much discussion whether 
they were married, but the better opinion seems to be that they 
were. In any case, their son Athelstan was recognized by 
Alfred as his grandson when quite a child, and intrusted to 
Ethelred and Ethelfleda to bring up. When old enough to be 
brought to court, his guardians presented him to Alfred, who 
was so pleased with the boy's look and manner that he "blessed 
him for king after his son Edward," and gave him a purple 
robe, a belt set with jewels, and a Saxon sword in a golden 
sheath. 

Edgina died early, and Edward had a large family by two 
other wives, of whom three daughters married the most power- 
ful continental princes; Edgitha, the Emperor Otho I.; Edgiva, 
Charles the Simple ; and Ethilda, Hugo the Great, Duke of 
Burgundy and Neustria, the rival of the Carlovingian line of 
Frankish kings. 

Readers must fill up for themselves the picture of the Euglish 
life round the great king ; and a cheerful and healthy life it 
must have been, with its regular work interspersed with the 
well-kept Saints' days and Sundays, on which no bondman 
could be made to work without thereby gaining a right to his 
freedom. The discomfort of their houses was little felt by a 
hardy race, and, while their useful carpentry was of the rudest 
kind, their ornamental furniture comprised articles inlaid with 
the precious metals, and candlesticks and goblets of mirrors of 
wrought silver, and hangings of all bright colors. The descrip- 
tions which have reached us of the dresses and ways of the 
people go far to prove that England was merry England a thou- 
sand years ago. The men, in peace time, wore a tunic of wool 
or linen, with sleeves to the wrists, and girded round the waist, 
and those who could afford them, bracelets and rings. The 
woman wore dresses of linen or wool, often ornamented with 
embroidery ; and silk hoods with long pendants ; mantles, 
girdles, cuffs, and ribands, were also not unknown to them. 
Their ornaments were head-bands, necklaces, bracelets, and 
rings, many of which were of fine workmanship, and enameled 
with gems. Their hair was dressed with curling-irons, and 
with great care; long curls being the mark of a free woman. 
Even the clergy were addicted to colored garments, and orna- 
ments, which drew down on them, aud on the people, the severe 
censures of stern ecclesiastics such as St. Boldface, who declared 
that the vain showiness in the dress of his people announced 
the coming of Antichrist. 

Gleemen, posture-masters, and jugglers were always at hand 
to sing and tumble for the amusement of rich aud poor during 
meals and in the evenings ; and hunting, aud hawking, and 
sword and buckler play, and horse-racing, tilled up the intervals 
of more serious business. In short, in the immediate neighbor- 
hood of the court, the life of all but the king aud his bishops 
and immediate attendants must have passed in a round of stren- 
uous work and rough and healthy sport, well calculated to 
develop the powers of his vigorous, if somewhat indolent 

people. 

,v. leeted. 



IT is said that the inhabitants of some of the West India 
Islands are subject to a peculiar disease of the feet known as 

"yaws" or "crab yaws." It is said to be a kind of leprosy. 
In some eases the extremities decay and drop off, joint by joint. 
The foot swells, and becomes misshapen, the loss of the limb 
and often of life follows. In adults the disease is said to '"■ 
incurable, but in children it is said die singular method of keep- 
ing the i'oot for many days in hot water will cure it. The 
disease iB believed to be communicated by contact. It is feared 
more than the Small pox and cholera, and children are Warned 

not to walk barefooted in the tracks of another person. 



kS5 



&5^* 



V; 



m 



* 



JUTEInTILE iustrtjotor. 



^ 




CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1871. 

EDITOHIAL THOUGHTS. 




HALL we dispense with the small courte- 
sies of everyday life ? We have heard men 
argue that we should. For instance, they 
would say, "What is the use of asking a 
man when you meet him how his health is, 
or to bid him good morning ; these are un- 
meaning forms, and are frequently hypocrit- 
ical inquiries about which the person who 
makes them cares nothing." 
We suppose to carry out such persons 
Views, men and women should pass through life 
without paying the least attention to those cour- 
tesies, which, in so many instances, make life 
agreeable. Would this be right? We think 
not. It is true there is a great deal of empty 
rmality indulged in by people of the world in their 
salutations and inquiries as to one and another's condi- 
tion ; but shall we, on this account, dispense with 
them altogether 2 Woidd it be well because some peo- 
ple pray with their lips, while their hearts are far 
from the Lord, for all to dispense with prayer? Certainly not. 
It ib agreeable to the feelings of the most of people to have 
their fellows take interest in them and in their welfare- and 
this is right and proper. How grateful it is to the feelings of a 
child to have its parents take an interest in it; and how much 
parents are pleased by the kind attentions and courtesies of 
th.ir children ! These are the manifestations of love, and with- 
out them, social intercourse would be cold and hard, and, in 

many instances, joyless. It dees not cost much to say "G .1 

morning, Papa ; how are you?" or to address the same saluta- 
tion or inquiry to a mother ; and they show that the thoughts 
of the child are upon its parents, and that it feels an interest in 
their welfare. 
A tnii> gentleman or lady is known by his or her regard for 

the rights and feelings of others; and it is qo mark of a lady 
or gentleman to be churlish, uncouth, or to be indifferent in 
regard to others feelings and to their welfare. On these points 
many young people need cultivation. Politeness ought to he 
made a habit, and children cannot tell of how much value 
courtesy or true politeness may be to them in their future lives. 
A man may have high ability; but if he lack courtesy, or what 
some call civility, he will not succeed in making friends and in 
accomplishing great results like a man who possesses the quali 
ty. though hi- talents may l.e of a lower order. It is said of 
one eminent man, the Duke of Marlborough, that his charming 
manners often changed an en. -my into a friend, and that to be 
denied a favor by him was more pleasing than to recieve 

from another man. These personal graces ware of '-Teat aid to 

him in his career. Politeness has often mad- jcoundrels sue 
cesafhl, while the best of men by their hardness and coldness 
have repelled people who would like to be their friends, /Jut, 
because scoundrel- have misused this means of making friends, 
it does nut follow that we must all throw it aside, or think 
when we see politeness that it is an evidence of a hypocrite. 
There are persons who pride themselves on always saying what 
they think. "1 am no hypocrite," say liny. "1 tell people 

what I think of than." Jt is frequently the case that, in follow- 
ing this Course, they wound feeling- and do great injury. 



It is right and proper that, in all our intercourse with one 
another, we should be candid. Our deportment towards our 
friends should agree with our feelings. If a person commits a 
wrong, a true friend will not conceal his feelings respecting it; 
but will tell the wrongdoer plainly and kindly that his conduct 
has been improper. But he should be sure, to begin with, that 
he himself is right, and not speak in haste and from anger. 
There is a kindness of maimer which one friend can use to 
another, even when administering a rebuke or describing faults, 
that will touch and soften the feelings, and produce lasting 
effects. Eveiy person should cultivate this manner, call it by 
what name you please, politeness, courtesy or civility. 



EXTKNSIVP] preparations are being made in this city for 
the celebration of the 4th of July. You will notice this 
number of our paper is dated the 8th ; but we write this before 
the 4th has come to hand. The children will have a grand time; 
all the Sunday schools will parade and it is the intention to 
have them learn a song composed by Sister E. R. Snow which 
they will sing in unison in the Tabernacle to the music of the 
grand organ. We think we shall have a larger celebration this 
Independence Day than we have ever had, for every one feels 
interested in making as good a display as possible. Our City 
Council got up a programme for the day, selected their com- 
mittees and entered upon the work of preparation. Some 
apostates in the city, and others who are in company with them, 
desired the City Council to alter their programme to suit their 
feelings and to combine with their committees some that they 
had chosen. The City Council did not see fit to do this, as their 
preparations were ample ; so these apostates are going to have 
a celebration on their own hook. There are some people in the 
world who are never happy unless the}' can make a fuss and 
have attention directed to them. This i* a miserable feeling 
and one that is very common among this class. They would 
like to get possession of the city and run it to suit themselves 
and then the Territory and if they had the power they would 
make every Latter-day Saint bow his neck for them to fasten 
their yoke Upon it. We hope that our little readers throughout 
the Territory will enjoy a very pleasant celebration, and if they 
burn powder on the occasion that they will be careful in using 
it, so that no accident may happen. 



11IIK custom which some boys in other places have fallen into 
ofhuntiugfor birds' nests and robbing them of their eggs 
and their young is a very wicked one. We hear that some of 
the boys of this city and Territory are beginning to indulge in 
this cruel practice, Not only are birds' nests robbed, but we 
are told that many boys kill birds for mere sport. Such Con- 
duct is inhuman, and no boy can do this and escape condemna- 
tion, A boy who does such things is sure, unless he changes 
his course, to grow up a cruel, hard-hearted and unfeeling man. 
What boy of feeling could hurt a little, innocent bird? So 
beautiful gleeful and harmless a creature should have no ene- 
mies among mankind. We think a man or boy that would hurl 
One of them unnecessarily, ought not to be trusted alone with a 
baby; we should expect his cruel disposition would prompt 
him l/i do it injury. Birds' eggs are pretty, but they should not 
be stolen; neither should the young ones be molested. Sup- 
pose a powerful giant were to go to our houses and carry off the 
little folk- lie found there, because he thought them pretty and 
Would 1m- so nice to play with and own, Would we like such a 
proceeding? What a noise We would make over such conduct! 
We would want him killed right oil'. Would not he have nearly 
a- much right to do so, as we have to rob birds' nests? 



'&&# 



GOLDEN WORDS, In private, watch your thoughts; in 
tic family, watch your temper, in company, watch your tongue. 

iftA 



'i^gt>< 




J" UYB IsT X Xj El IUSTBTJOTOR, 



109 



.A. STRIKE IIST THE IFVA-O- 

tobies insr eir^ostce. 



rtu 



IN these days it is very common for working men to feel 
oppressed by their employers, and combine together so as to 
obtain higher wages. They engage in what is called a strike; 
that is, they all quit work and compel their employers to close 
their places of business. A short time since, the coal miners at 
Pittston, Pennsylvania, formed a union and stopped their work, 
and compelled every coal miner in the region to stop work also. 
This led to a great deal of difficult}', and, in some instances, 
men lost their lives, because they would not comply with the 
wishes of their fellow-workmen. 

The engraving that we give represents a strike of this kind, 
which occurred in France in the factories of Schneider & Co., 
at Creuzot. In these factories, there were between ten and 
eleven thousand workmen engaged. The business was that of 
iron and machine 
founderies. A man 
by the name of 
Assy, who was the 
agent of the Union 
Societies of Paris, 
went down to Creu- 
zot, and excited the 
men to make 
demands, which 
their employers 
could not comply 
with. In two or 
three days, the 
majority of these 
strikers saw that 
they had acted fool- 
ishly, and attempt- 
ed to return to 
work ; but their 
fello w-w orkmen 
would not allow 
them. In the en- 
graving you can see that some of the men are armed with tongs, 
and are prepared to take those who keep them from the forges. 
Five thousand troops were sent to settle the difficulty. 

We see it stated in some papers that the difficulties which 
have occurred lately in Paris, have been prompted by the 
leaders of secret societies of working men, which are organized 
in almost every country of Europe. It is said that there are 
two million and a half of these people organized in various 
countries, and that they are preparing for revolution. Whether 
this be true or not we cannot toll. The Book of Mormon how- 
ever, predicts that in the last days there will be a great deal of 
trouble arise from secret societies, and that governments will be 
overthrown by their wicked combinations. 

j^jst xj nsr iec nsr o w nsr bene- 
factor. 

A YOUNG man was stopped in a dark and narrow street by 
one who demanded his money or his life. His courageous 
ami feeling heart at. once distinguished the voice < it" misery from 
that of crime, and he felt that he had before him a miserable 

fellow-creature whom lie could relieve. 

"What is it you seek, unhappy man?" said he, in a com- 
manding tone. 

"Nothing, sir," replied the other, sobbing, "] seek no- 
thing." 

"Who are you 7 and what, is your business?" 

"I am a poor shoemaker, and I am unable' to support my 
wife and lour children." 



"But are you speaking the truth?" said the other (feeling- 
pretty sure, however, that it was the truth.) "Where do you 
live?" • 

"In such a street, in the house of a baker." 
"Come, let us see." 

The shoemaker, subdued by his tone of authority, led the 
young man to the house. There was only a woman in the shop 
when they arrived. 

"Do you know this man?" asked the strauger. 
"Yes, sir; he is a shoemaker, who lives in the fifth story, 
and who has great difficulty in supporting his numerous 
family." • 

"Why do you let him want for bread?" 
"Sir, we are young people, newly set up in business; we 
cannot advance much money, and my husband will not let me 
give this man credit for more than twenty-four sous." 

"Give him two loaves. Here, take these loaves, and go up- 
stairs." 

The shoemaker 
obeyed in great 
agitation. W h e n 
they entered the 
room, his wife and 
children eagerly 
devoured the food 
which was brought 
to them. The 
young man had seen 
enough. He 
departed, leavi ng 
wo louis-d'or with 
the baker's wife, 
and ordered her to 
K| provide the family 
with bread. Some 
days later he re- 
turned ; and bid- 
ding the poor man 
(follow him, he 
irought him to a 
shop well furnished with all the tools and implements belonging 
to his trade. 

"Would you be an honest and a contented man if this shop 
were yours?" 

"Ah, sir, indeed I should." 

After a few necessary preliminaries, the shoemaker was 
installed in the shop. 

The author of this striking act of charity is a young man of 
twenty-seven, noted for his piety. It is said that the establish- 
ment of this shoemaker cost him between three and four thou- 
sand francs. His name is not known, and no one has yet suc- 
ceeded in discovering who he is. 

Selected. 




LOSS OF LIFE BY EARTHQUAKES.— Not long ago 

60000 people, it was estimated, were buried by the earthquake 

which destroyed Mendoza; 40,000 perished al Quito in L797- 
60,000 at Lisbon in 1755 ; 74,000 al .Messina in L692; 300>000 
by two earthquakes at Antiochinthe sixth and seventh cen- 
turies; 120,000 in Syria in the first century, and 50,000 in the 
same country uiioii another occasion: a catastrophe in Mexico 
carried-off 10,000 persons; and one in Calabria, 111,(1110. 



"WHAT have you been doing all day?" said a lather to his 
boy, Who had been set husking Corn IB the barn, and had 

husked only halt' a basketful. "I am catchusg rate, sir." 

"Catching rats! HoW many have y -aught ■? "When 

1 get the one 1 am now after, and two more, it will make 

three." 



■^ 



■fc^& 




% 



JTJYE1TILB I1TSTRUCTOR. 



no 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
IZtTZBI^ItT RELICS. 





A GREAT deal of attention is being given to the study of 
the early history of this continent, with a view to deter- 
mine who and what the inhabitants were. One of the means 
adopted to effect this object is to exhume the remains of pot- 
tery, war implements and other relics of the past found in the 
earth. Much may be learned about a people by careful 
examination of the works of art that were made by them, espe- 
cially in relation to their habits and pursuits. Thus spear heads 
and arrow heads are silent testimonies of warlike habits, and 
the chase. Obsidian, chert and flint implements are proofs of 
ability to make such things ; pottery gives evidence of still fur- 
ther advancement in the arts, and habits of comparative refine- 
ment. Now we are not obliged to resort to these modes of 
obtaining correct information respecting the aborigines, as the 
primitive inhabitants of this country are called; we have 
records translated with unerring certainty by the power of God 
respecting them. But it is not the less interesting that modem 
researches are continually verifying the truth of the Book of 
Mormon on these subjects, nor should we be insensible to the 
iuqiortance of these researches in a scientific point of view. 
Although the Prophet Nephi tells us "there were beasts of the 
forest of every kind'' in his day, and that ''there were both the 
cow, and the horse, and the goat, and the wild goat, &e.," it is 
truly interesting to know that the bones of these animals are 
fciund. When he informs us that "all manner of ore, both of 
gold, and of silver and of copper were found,'' it is pleasing to 
know that modem explorations reveal the fact that the ancients 
were workers in these metals. When he says that "plates were 
made from the ore, to engrave records on," it is gratifying j 
to know that plates with engravings on are constantly being 
found. 

Dr. Van Patten, who for years has been exploring in Central 
America with a view to elucidate the early history of ' the in- 
habitants of that part of this continent, exhibits evidences of 
advanced civilization and confirmatory of the accounts given by 
tin- Nephite writers, lie found ornaments of gold, engraved 
with devices, made to wear as broaches, or for persoual adorn- 
ment. The knowledge of metallurgy must have been very 
great, "cored" castings of the most intricate character, were 
made. The forms of embellishment were eminently artistic, 
and gave proof of thorough acquaintance with working in 
metals. The pottery exhibited by the Doctor, even more 
Strikingly tells the tale of great taste in design and wonderful 
skill in execution. Who would doubt the fact of the makers of 
some of the vases shown in our Museum being an enlightened 
people, examine the legs of the "tripods" made by them, 
adorned in every possible way consistent with strength, light - 
Den and elegance. 

Now what do we read about that part of this continent 
Central America. Ether Bays: "The whole face of the land was 
covered with inhabitants; they were exceedingly industrious; 
they worked in all manner of ore; they made gold and silver, 
and iron, and brass, and all manner of metals; they had silks 
and fine twined linen ; they worked all manner of doth; they 
made tools to till the earth, for ploughing, sowing, reaping, 
hoeing and thrashing; tools to work their beasts with; they 
made weapons of war. and work of ex. lingly curious work- 
manship." 

All ties,- things and tun, li more mentioned incidentally in the 
Book of Mormon, are proved to be true by modern researches. 
To come right home to this Territory, we read that among 
other animal-, there were elephants on this continent; the 
fossil remains of one of those animals may l>e seen in our 
Museum, of another in Boise city, Idaho, fossil remains not 
found among the rocks, but recent bones found near the surface. 



Fossil teeth of horses aud of other domestic animals are found 
mingled with fragments of pottery, tools, such as bodkins, 
scrapers, &c, and vases, water-jugs and bowls, some of which 
show much skill in manufacturing. It is with a desire to fur- 
ther the interests of science that the writer asks as a favor that 
Indian relics should be preserved carefully, and that plates with 
engravings, or anything in fact, that will aid in attaining to 
further knowledge of the aborigines, should be deposited safely 
in our Museum. 



IMIISSIOItT^I^Y SKETCHES. 



TWO years had now passed away since we arrived on the 
Island of Australia, aud we had visited and preached the 
gospel in twenty-three cities, and had organized seven branches 
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The way 
was opening fast to do a great work in the ministry ; hundreds 
were believing the truth of the work, and we were traveling on 
a circuit of two hundred and fifty miles, had become acquainted 
with many people, and had a prospect of doing much good. 
At this time the news arrived from California, that the United 
States had sent an army to Utah, and would destroy all of the 
"Mormons" root and branch. The Australian papers teemed 
with the news, ten-fold exaggerated, and the opening to preach 
the gospel, seemed to close up at once, and we were accosted on 
every hand to know why we did not answer those reports in 
the papers if they were not true. They said that we had 
preached to them that the God of heaven had spoken in these 
last days, aud had sent an holy angel, had restored the hob- 
priesthood and the keys to build up the Church and Kingdom 
of God on the earth, and now, said they, the next ship that 
arrives from America will bring the news of the destruction of 
all the "Mormons" in Utah. We told them that we had the 
same testimony to bear now as before, and that God would 
bring his people safely through every trial, and all the power 
that the United States would have over the Saints in Utah 
would only be to chasten the people, and purge from their 
midst the ungodly. 

We then proceeded to Sidney, and visited all of the editors 
in that city, and tried to insert our answers to the evil reports 
that were going the rounds iu the papers, but all refused us but 
one. The Sidney Tribune inserted our answers to Judge 
Drummond's official reports of Utah, iu which we gave his 
character and doings in Utah. This gave us more influence 
than all of the preaching that we could do. 

At this time we received news that we were called home, 
and, having a quantity of books and tracts on hand, we con- 
cluded to stay a lew months on the Island and sell our works, 
if possible, to the rich families of the colony of New South 
Wales ; for up to this time we had not had any success with 
that class of the people. 

Our experience soon taught us that if we wanted access to a 
gentleman's mansion, we must not go to the servants with our 
message, or try to get access by the back way, nor let our mes- 
sage be known to gentlemen until we had got admission to the 
parlor. 

But how did we get admitted? We would go to the gentle 
man's gate, pull the knob and ring the bell that was on the 
inside of the wall ; a servant or footman would come and unlock 
i h, -ate, and ask for our card or name and business, and if we 
told him our business, the gate would be shut against us. But 
our course was to tell him that we had an important message 
for the master or mistress of the mansion, lie would invari- 
ably let us in, then go about his business, and we would pro- 
ceed to the house. At the front door we would find another 
bell, which we would ring, and a servant would come to the 
door and ask for our card as before ; if we had not any card, 
she would ask our name, which we would sometimes tell, but 



y 



IU 



&• 



1 



s^ 



4% 



JTJVEUILE IUSTRTJOTOB. 



**m 



in 



not always. We would enjoin on the servant that we had au 
important message for her master. The servant would then 
close the door, and next would come the master or mistress, 
who would open the door, and seeing two respectable looking 
gentlemen standing on the steps, would not ask our business, 
but would say, "come in ; " we would follow the gentleman or 
lady into the parlor, and as we passed through the hall, a ser- 
vant would take our hats, valise and umbrella. We would then 
be seated in the parlor, a fine furnished room, with a large 
centre table in the centre of the room, on which would be 
decanters and glasses, and all kinds of wines and liquors, and 
gold and silver baskets, with crackers and cheese in them. The 
householder would say to us, "draw up to the table, gentlemen, 
and refresh yourselves, and then I will hear from you." So we 
would partake of his hospitalities, and then resume our seats at 
the side of the room. Up to this time the gentleman would 
not kuow what our business was, and then we would commence 
as the spirit directed us, and preach the gospel to him ; and 
when he would find that he had entertained some "Mormon" 
elders, such men were too gentlemauly to say, ' 'get out of my 
house," which they might have done if we had made our busi- 
ness known at the gate or door. They would always listen to 
what we had to say, and most generally call in their families to 
hear us talk ; and frequently we would stay all night with them, 
and sell them a set of our books. When we would take our 
departure they would say, "call again when you are passing." 
So in this way we got access to the rich families of Australia. 

In distributing our books and tracts, we learned that if we 
gave them away, they were not appreciated by the people ; but 
if we sold them for a price, the people would read them, 
because they cost them money. This is my experience amongst 
the aristocracy of New South Wales colony. The last five 
months that I stayed in that country, I sold three hundred 
volumes of our books, and a great number of tracts, and they 
were nearly all sold to the higher class of the people. 

AMASA POTTER. 

CHINESE RIVER HOUSES.— Approaching the river, we 
go on board of a boat, which is rowed by a woman and a girl. 
We have ducks and chickens for fellow passengers, walking 
about, and a rooster clapping his wings and crowing on the roof 
over our heads — a boat, which is the only home these people 
have ; where they eat, sleep, and work ; in which children are 
born ; which is their home from the cradle to the grave. We 
go up the river through a great fleet of boats — such curious 
crafts that we may as well give up attempting to describe 
them. A great many are called "flower boats." They are hotels, 
which we can hire if we wish to give a dinner to our friends. 
The Chinese have no parlors or drawing-rooms in their houses, 
and when they entertain their friends they hire one of these 
crafts and have a dinner. Here is one boat with a party iu full' 
swing. A puff of wind brings the fragrance of the dinner, cook- 
ing at the bow — they are to have onion and roast chicken, and 
probably forty or fifty other dishes. Looking in at the windows 
as we glide past, we see the company, behold the fittings up of 
die boat, the walls in vermillion and gold, astral lamps overhead, 
the party in the centre of (lie cabin, and half a dozen "flower girls" 
around them; not that the girls have flowers to sell, but they are 
hired as ornaments — are quite good-looking, have their hair done 
up in the primes! jug-handle style, and their cheeks bright with 
rouge. The Chinese are fond of music ( music that is sweet and 
melodious to their ears would make US stuff cotton in our own); 
two girls with instruments somewhat like guitars; a man with 
a one-stringed fiddle; another with a kettle-drum ; a hoy with a 
gong — that is the band ! This Lb a genteel party, and they eat, 
drink tea, play cards, toll stories, listen to the music, and so enjoy 

themselves until far into the night the gentleman pays the 
boatman for the use of the l>oat, and has mo trouble the next morn- 
ing ill clearing up the parlors and drawing room. Selected. 



THE YOUNG LADIES 
OOLUM 1ST. 



Resolutions of the Smithfield branch Young Ladits' Depart- 
ment of tJie Ladies' Co-operative Retrenchment Association, 
Organized May 25th, 1871. 

Resolved : That we, as daughters and as wives of Elders in 
Israel seek to fully understand our true positions, and to honor 
and make honorable the same before our Heavenly Father and 
all good people. 

Resolved : That as we are young and liable to be led into 
error if we trust in our own strength and judgment, we not only 
solicit aid and wisdom from the Heavens at all times, but also 
hearken to the counsel and instructions of our beloved parents 
and those who arc called of God to preside over us. 

Resolved j That we cultivate good order, good taste, neat- 
ness and dispatch in all domestic duties and in any other and 
all branches of industry which it may be necessary for us to 
perform ; and that we will adopt no fashions in dress, manners 
or otherwise which arc not consistent with good sense, reason 
and modesty. 

Resolved : That we earnestly seek to establish true sisterly 
confidence, unity and affection for and with each other; and 
that we exercise charity and overlook the infirmities of others 
as we wish to have our own imperfections past by, realizing 
that we are all children of the same great Father, and that in 
His sight one is as precious as another, where all are engaged 
in the same cause with like determinations. 

Resolved : That we will treat with respect and reverence, 
every principle pertaining to the Gospel of Christ as revealed 
to the servants of God upon the earth iu these and in former 
days; and that we seek diligently, according to the best abilities 
given unto us, to improve iu the knowledge of those correct and 
holy principles which embrace all that is ordained of God to 
lead to truly noble and refined womanhood ; to learn the law of 
the Lord, the Word of Wisdom in all respects, and to be guided 
thereby in our daily walk. 

Resolved: That we strive, henceforth, with the help of God 
to live by every word which proceedeth from His mouth, that 
we may be worthy to see His face, and dwell in His presence. 
Miss Louisa L. Greene, President 
Mrs. Melissa G. Homer, 
Mrs. Susie P. Greene, 



■ Counselors, 



Miss Mary A. Sceowther. 

Miss Elizabeth Morehead, 

Miss Mary C. Downs, 

Miss Julia Collett, 

Miss Katharine E. Brown, Secretary. 



EARLY RISING.— A young former found he was getting 
reduced in circumstances. He went to a friend to ask his 
advice. This friend, with a grave face, Said; "I know of a 
charm that will cure that ; take this little cup, and drink from it 
every morning, of the water you must, get at such a spring. 
Rut remember, you must draw it yourself at five o'clock or tin' 
charm will be broken." The next morning he walked across 
his fields, (for the spring was at. the farther end of his estate) 
and spying a neighbor's cows which had broken through the 
fence and were feeding on his pasture, he turned them out and 
mended his feme. The laborers were not yet at work ; when 
they came loitering along after their proper lime 
startled to see their master so early to work 
"I see how it is; it comes of my gelling up in time.'' This 
early rising soon becomes a pleasant habit ; his walk and cup of 
water gave him an appetite for hreak&sl ; and the people were, 
like him, early at work. lie soon acknowledged that the 
advice his friend had given him was ;,s good as it was simple. 



they were 
■ ( Ih 1" said be. 



^ih 






i 



£ 



1! 

ft 



P 
US 



JUVEiriLE INSTRUCTOR 



**m 



THE WONDERS OF A HEN'S EGG.— A hen's egg is a 
thing of life, a liviHg and breathing existence. Yet, most per- 
sons treat eggs as if there were no more vitality about them 
than there is in porcelain nest eggs. Read what Win. H. 
Lewis author of "The People's Poultry Book" says about the 
changes that occur in eggs during incubation : 

''The hen has scarcely sat on her eggs twelve hours before 
some lineaments of the head and body of the chicken appear. 
The heart may be seen to beat at the end of the second day ; it 
has at that time somewhat the form of a horseshoe, but no 
blood yet appears. At the end of two days, two vesicles of 
blood are to be distinguished, the pulsation of which is very 
visible ; one of these is the left ventricle, and the other the root 
of the great artery. At the fiftieth hour, one auricle of the 
heart appears, resembling a noose folded down upon itself. The 
beating of the heart is first observed in the auricle, and after- 
ward in the ventricle. At the end of seventy hours, the wings 
are distinguishable ; and on the head two bubbles are seen for 
the brain, one for the bill, and two for the fore and hiud part of 
the head. Toward the end of the fourth day, the two auricles 
already visible, draw nearer to the heart than before. The 
liver appears towards the fifth day. At the end of seven hours 
more, the lungs and the stomach become visible ; and four hours 
afterward, the intestines, aud loins, and the upper jaw. At 
the hundred and forty-fourth hour, two ventricles are visible, 
and two drops of blood instead of the single one which was 
seen before. The seventh day, the brain begins to have some 
consistency. At the hundred and nineteenth hour of incuba- 
tion, the bill opens, aud the flesh appears in the breast. In four 
hours more, the breast-bone is seen. In six hours after this, 
the ribs appear, forming from the back, and the bill is very 
visible, as well as the gall-bladder. The bill becomes green at 
the end of two hundred aud thirty-six hours ; aud if the chicken 
be taken out of its covering, it evidently moves itself. The 
feathers begin to shoot out toward the two hundred and fortieth 
hour, and the skull becomes gristly. At the two hundred and 
sixty-fourth hour, the eyes appear. At the two hundred and 
eighty-eighth, the ribs are perfect. At the three hundred and 
thirty-first, the spleen draws near the stomach, aud the lungs to 
the chest. At the end of three hundred and fifty-five hours, 
the bill frequently opens and shuts; and at the end of the 
eighteenth day, the first cry nf the chicken is heard. It after- 
ward gets more Strength and grows continually, till a( length il 
i- enabled to set itself free from its confinement." 

Selected, 



A MURDEROUS SKA FLOWER. Oneof the exquisite 
wonders of the sea is called the opelet, and is about as large as 
the German aster, looking indeed, very much like our. lm- 
agin • a very large double aster, with ever so many petals of 
light green, glossy satin, and each one tipped with rose color. 
These lovely petals do not lie quietly in their places like 
tho « of the d -i' i' in your garden, but wave about in the water, 
while the opelet clings to a rock. How innocent and lovely ii 
lor iks on it.- rocky bed ! Who would BUSpocI that it could Cat 
anything grosser than dew or sunlight? But those beautiful 
waving arms, as you call them, have another use besides look- 
ing pretty, They have to provide fond lor a large, open mouth, 

which is bidden deep down an gst them — so well hidden thai 

hi scarcely find it. Well do they perform their duty, for 
the in>tant a foolish little Gab toochi - one of the rosy tips be is 
struck with poison, as fatal to him as lightning. He immedia- 
te ]y becomes numb, aurljii a moment stops struggling, and then 
the other beautiful arm wraps around him, and he is drawn 
into the huge, greedy month, and he is seen no more. Then 
the lovely arms unclose ami Wave again in the wafer, looking as 
harmless as though they bad never touched a fish. 



uigittal iPodpy. 



Our Father in heaven, 
We hallow thy name, 
May Thy Kingdom holy 
On earth he the same, 
O give to us daily 
Our portion of bread. 
It is from thy hounty 
That all must he fed. 

Forgive our transgressions, 
And teach us to know 
That humble compassion 
Which pardons each foe : 
Keep us from temptation, 
From weakness and sin, 
And thine be the glory, 
For ever. Amen. 



G. K. 



■WIlTItTHE. 



Bless me! here's another baby, 

Just as cunning as can he, 
Eyes as blue as bonnle blue bells, 

Breath as sweet as rosemary, 
Smile a tiny, flashing sunbeam, 

Hair of purest, fairest gold, 
Hands and shoulders full of dimples, 

Little Winnie, eight months old. 

Making funny, cooing speeches, 

Nobody can understand — 
Such a queer and pretty language, 

Only spoken in baby land. 
Should I Bing all day about her, 

All her sweetness were not told— 
She's a bud, a bird, a fairy, 

Little Winnie, eight months old. 



Selected. 



T^ATO PICTURES. 



An old farmhouse with meadows wide, 
And sweet with clover on each side ; 
\ bright-eyed boy, who looks from mil 
The door with woodbine wreathed about, 
And wishes his one thought all day: 
'Oh ! if T could but By away 

Prom this dull spot the world to sec, 

How happy, happy, happy, 
How happy I should be;"' 

Amid the city's constant din, 
A man who round the world has been. 
Who, 'mid tire tumult and the throng, 
Is thinking, thinking, all day long: 
"Oh ! could J only tread once more 
The licldpath to the farmhouse door — 

The old green meadow could 1 sec, 
How happy, happy, happy, 
itow happy I should be!" 



Selected, 



JTJVttNTT-,tt IZT^TSTIE^TJOTOIR, 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE 0- CANNON. EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

ffivt/lc Cap)/, per Annum $2 50. 

Hinijle Copy, for Six Months 1 60. 

nr Grain brought to this City fnr tic .Ir vi.nii.i'. INSTRUCTOR will bi 
received at the otH'ce of our papier— DlSHBET Ni.ws Iieii.ni.NOS. 



u 




