
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 6, 1875. 



NO. 3. 



TBCIE CROSS J^2>TJD T HI IE CRESCB1TT. 




EVER since the first peopling of the world after the flood. 
Jerusalem has been a holy city to those who have claimed 
to believe in the one great Creator of heaven and earth. It 
was most probably the home of Shem, the son of Noah, in 
whom was vested the Holy Priesthood after the order of the 
Son of God, and from this cause became the sanctuary of true 
believers. Mel- 
chisedec, the great 
High Priest, was 
king of Salem, 
and there received 
tithes from the 
Father of the 
Faithful. To-day 
Jerusalem is a ho- 
ly city to Jews, 
Christians and 
Mohamme dans; 
and the soldiers 
of the Cross and 
the followers of 
the Crescent have 
waged unrelenting 
and continuous 
wars for the pos- 
session of the sa- 
cred spots it con- 
tains, and now the 
vast pile of the 
Church of the 
Holy Sepulchre 
and the beautiful 
dome of the 
Mosque of Omar 
raise their heads 
side by side with- 
in its walls. 

The cross has 
been a sacred symbol in the Christian, ami indeed in more 
ancient religions. While the use of the cross as an ornament 
or as a religious emblem is traced to a remote antiquity, its 
employment as an instrument of punishment is scarcely less 
ancient; but until the time that our Savior died on the cross 
there was no known connection between the two. The < Jhurch 
f the Holy Sepulchre, at Jerusalem, a picture of which we 




here present to our readers, is supposed to be built over the 
place where Christ was buried. According to the tradition of 
the Roman Catholic Church, the cross on which Christ suffered 
was found on the spot over which this church now stands. 
The story runs thus: 

In the year 326 the Empress Helena, the mother of Con- 

stantine, the first 
Christian emperor 
of Rome, was vis- 
iting Jerusalem. 
At that time every 
trace of the great 
events which hal- 
lowed that city in 
the hearts of 
Christians had 
been destroyed by 
the heathens, and 
a temple of Venus 
stood upon Mount 
Calvary; but a Jew 
who had treasured 
up what traditions 
he could gather, 
pointed out the 
most likely place 
of the burial of 
our Savior. The 
spot was dug out 
by direction of the 
empress, and 
three crosses were 
found, and the 
title which that 
of Jesus bore was 
found lying by it- 
self. It is assert- 
ed that the cross 
of Christ was distinguished from the other two by miraculous 
cures being wrought by touching it. A church was built over 
the spot, and a part of the sacred relic was deposited in it; 
another part was sent to Rome and placed in a church built on 
purpose to receive it. The rest was put by Constantine into 
the head of a statue of himself at Constantinople. The piece 
which tradition says was placsd in the Church of the Holy 





<T TT "V" IE INT 1 L IK INSTRUCTOR, 




Sepulchre was borne to battle by the Christians at the time 
of the Crusade, and was captured by Saladin in 11 ST, in his 
great victory over the armies of the Crusaders near Tiberias. 

We refrain from here entering into particulars with regard 
to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, as detailed accounts of 
it have heretofore appeared in our columns. 

The crescent is a term that was originally applied to the 
moon in its first quarter. When the Turks became masters of 
Constantinople they adopted the crescent as an emblem of their 



mosque known to the followers of Mohammed as the "Dome of 
the Rock. ' ' < This building has eight sides, each of which 
measures sixty-seven feet. It is surmounted by a light and 
graceful dome, terminated by a tall crescent. Its outside 
walls are covered with tiles of white, blue and yellow glazed 
porcelain, among which are interspersed varied arabesque 
patterns and writings. The lower portions of the walls are 
decorated with slabs of marble, supposed to have been taken 
from the ruins of the ancient temples of the Jews. Four 





growing empire. To-day the crescent is generally understc 
to represent the Mahomedan faith, in the same way as the 
cross is a symbol of the faith of the Christian. 

The beautiful picture we present on this page, was, through 
an unfortunate error, published in Vol. 7 of the Instructor, 
page Ml, as the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. It really 
was intended to represent, and is a tine view of, the Mosque of 
Omar or, as it i- sometimes called, the Dome of the Rock. 

< in the mount formerly occupied by the Temple built to the 
honoi ol 'In- Most Hieh by King Solomon, now stands the urand 



oors, facing the four cardinal points of the compass, lead to 
the interior, which is about one hundred and fifty feet in 
diameter. Under the dome of the iuosque is the rock from 
which it takes its name. This rock varies in hight from one 
foot to five feet from the surface. Under the rock is a cave, 
which is entered on the southeast by a flight of stairs. Here 
are pointed out what are said to be the altars of David, Solo- 
mon, Abraham and St. George. In the centre of this cham- 
ber is a circular slab of marble, which, on being stamped upon, 
gives forth a hollow sound. The Mohammedans call this th 





J~ XT "V IE IN* I L IE UsTSTRTJCTOR. 




''Well of Souls," and claim that the souls of believers descend 
there after death. The story runs that Mohammed, in his 
midnight visit to heaven, alighted on this rock, from which he 
continued his journey, whereupon the rock raised itself to 
follow, but was stopped by the angel Gabriel; it, therefore, 
remained suspended in the air. 



TEMPERANCE; 
OK, A SAILOR" S NARRATIVE. 




One evening a number of old ship-masters chanced to meet 
at a social supper, and after the cloth was removed we 
went in for yarn spinning. And among our number was 
Captain Richard Nutter, and a finer man or better sailor never 
trod a deck. At length it cnme his turn to tell a story, or, 
what we preferred — and what the rest of us had done — relate 
some incident of experience in his own life. 

"Well," said he, rejecting the wine, which was at that 
moment passed to him for the first time, "I will give you a bit 
of the early part of my ocean life, and it is a very important 
bit, too, for upon it I have built the whole of my subsequent- 
manhood." 

We prepared to listen to Capt. Nutter with the most 
profound attention, for he was not only an old seaman, but one 
of the most successful commanders in our mercantile marine. 
We listened, and his story was as follows: 

"I was very voung when first I entered on ship-board, and at 
the age of fourteen I considered myself quite a sailor. When 
I was eighteen, I was shipped on board an East Indiaman, for 
a long voyage. There were six of us on board of about the 
same age, and we had about the same duties to perform. The 
ship — the old Lady Dvnlap — was a large one, and our crew 
was large in proportion, there being fifty-two all told. We 
boys, as we were called, messed together, and in all other 
respects were separate from the rest of the crew, just as much 
as the officers were. Our captain was a noble hearted, honor- 
able man, kind and generous, but yet very strict. Of course 
we youngsters found plenty of occasion to find fault with him, 
and very often were his decisions arraigned before our mess, 
and decidedly condemned. In fact, we should have reversed 
many of his judgments, if we had had the power; but as he 
was the commander, and we only foremast hands — and boys at 
that — he had his own way, and the luminous decisions we came 
to were consequently of no avail, and lost to the world. 

"Now we boys had learned, in the course of our travels, to 
drink grog as well as any sailors. We could toss off a glass of 
mm and water with as much grace as any one, and we claimed 
our right so to do, not only as a privilege, but as an honor to 
which a life upon the ocean entitled us. But even in this 
respect our captain pretended to differ from us. When we 
could get on shore, we would invariably indulge in our cups, 
and not unfrequently would we come off, or be brought off, in 
a state anything but sober. I said we, but there was one of 
our number who could not be induced to touch a drop of any- 
thing intoxicating. His name was John Small, and he belonged 
to one of the extreme back towns of New Jersey. 

"Now Jack Small not only refrained from drinking himself, 
but he used sometimes to ask us to let the stuff alone. He 
gave that job up, however, for we made such sport of him 
that he was glad to let us alone. But our captain had sharp 
eyes, and it was not long before he began to show Jack favors 
which he did not show to us. He would often take Jack on 
shore with him to spend the night, and such things as that, 



while we were kept on board the ship. Of course this created 
a sort of envy on our part, and it ended in a decided ill-will 
towards poor Jack. 

"Now, in truth. Jack was one of the best fellows in the world. 
He was kind, obliging, honest, always willing to lend a helping 
hand in ease of distress, and as true a friend as ever lived — 
only he wouldn't drink with us, that was all. No — that wasn't 
all. He learned faster than we did — he was a better sailor and 
had learned more of navigation. But this we tried to lay to 
the captain's paying him the most attention, though we knew 
better at the time, for we had the privilege of learning just as 
much as we had a mind to. The truth of the matter was, we 
loved the idea of being old salts, better than we did any thing 
else, and we spent more time in watching for opportunities to 
have a spree, than we did in the profession we had chosen. 

"It even got so at length that Jack Small was called upon to 
take the deck sometimes when the officers were busy, and he 
used to work out the reckonings at noon as easily as did the 
captain. Yet Jack was in our mess, and he was a constant 
eye-sore. We saw that he was reaching rapidly ahead of us 
in every useful particular, and yet we would not open our eyes. 
We were envious of his good fortune, as we called it, and used 
to seize every opportunity to tease and run him. But he never 
got augry in return. He sometimes would laugh at us, and at 
others he would so feelingly chide us that we would remain 
very silent for a while. 

"At length the idea entered our heads that Jack should drink 
with us. We talked the matter over in the mess when Jack 
was absent, and we mutually pledged each other that we would 
make him drink at the first opportunity. After this determi- 
nation was taken, we treated Jack more kindly, and he was 
happier than he had been for some time. Once more we 
laughed and joked with hiui in the mess, and he in return 
helped us in our navigation. We were on our homeward 
bound passage, by the way of Brazil, and our ship stopped at 
Rio Janeiio, where we remained a week or so. One pleasant 
morning we six youngsters received permission to go on shore 
and spend the whole day; and accordingly we rigged up in our 
best togs and were carried to the landing. 

"Now was our chance, and we put our heads together to see 
how it should be done. Jack's very first desire after he got 
ashore, was to go up and examine the various things of interest 
in the city. He w T anted to visit the churches and such like 
places, and to please him we agreed to go with him if he 
would go and take dinner with us. He agreed to this at once, 
and we thought we had him sure. We planned that after 
dinner was eaten we would have some light, sweet wine, brought 
on, and we would contrive to get enough rum into what he 
drank to upset him, for nothing on earth could please us more 
than to get Jack Small drunk, and carry him on board in that 
manner, for we fancied that the captain's favoritism would be 
at an end, and that he would no longer look upon our rival with 
preference over ourselves. We had the matter all arranged, 
and in the meantime we paid Jack all the attention in our 
power — so much so that he at length signified a willingness to 
go anywhere to please us, providing we would not go into any 
bad place. 

" 'Ah! what have you here?" asked Jack, betraying some 
uneasiness at the appearance of the glasses and bottles. 

" 'Only a little new wine,' I replied, as carelessly as I could. 
'Mere juice of the grape.' 

" 'Isn't it wine, nevertheless?' pursued he. 

" 'It isn't wine!' cried Sam Pratt, who was about one of the 
hardest nuts old Neptune ever cracked. 





28 



JUVE1TILE HTSTBUCTOB. 





"'No,' chimed in Tim Black, another of about the same 
stamp. "It's only a little simple juice. Come boys, fill up.' 

"The glasses were accordingly filled, Sam Pratt performing 
that duty, and he took good care that Jack's glass had a good 
quantity of sweetened rum in it. 

" 'No,' said Jack, as the glass was moved towards him; 'if 
you are going to commence thus, I will keep your company with 
water while you remain orderly, but I will not touch wine.' 

"This was spoken very mildly, and with a kind smile, but yet 
it was spoken firmly, and we could see that our plan was about 
being knocked in the head. We urged him to drink with us — 
only one glass, if not more. We told him how innocent it was, 
and how happy his social glass would make us; but we could 
not move him. 

" 'Then let him go!' cried Tim. who had already drunk some. 
In fact the whole of us but Jack had drunk more or less during 
the forenoon. 'Let him go. We don't want the mean fellow 
with us!' 

'•'That's it,' added Sam. with a bitter 'Off he goes. If he's 
too good to drink with his shipmates, we don't want him.' 

" 'You misunderstand me,' said Jack, in a tone of pain. I am 
not too good to drink with you, in the sense in which you would 
take it. But I do not wish to drink at all' 

'"Too stingy — that's all,'' said I, determined to make him 
drink if I could. But Jack looked at me so reproachfully as 
I said this, that I wished that I had not spoken as I did. 

"'If you wish to enjoy your wine, messmates,' said Small, at 
the same time rising from his chair, you can do so, but I beg 
you will excuse me. I will pay my share of the expenses for 
the dinner. 

" 'And for your share of the wine,' said Tim. 'for we ordered 
lor you.' 

" 'No,' returned Jack, I cannot pay for any of the wine' — 

" ' Mean! cried two or three at a breath. 

" 'No. no. messmates, not mean. I will pay for the whole of 
the dinner — for every article you and I have had in this house 
save the wine.' 

"And as he spoke he rang the bell. He asked the waiter 
who entered what was the bill for the company, without the 
wine, and aftei the amount had been stated, he took out his 
purse to pay it, when Sam Pratt, who was our acknowledged 
leader, caught his arm. 

" 'No — not so,' said Sam. 'You shall not pay it, for we will 
not eat at the expense of one who will sneak out of the scrape 
in this way. We want nothing more to do with you unless 
you take a glass of wine with us. ' 

' 'Very well,' said Jack; and as he spoke, I could see that his 
lip quivered, and that he dared not speak more. 

"He turned toward the door then, but before he reached it, 
Tim Black ran and caught him, at the same time exclaiming: — 
' May I be blessed if you go off so, any way. You've com- 
menced, and now jou've got to stick it out!' 

"This was the signal for us to commence again, and once 
more we tried to urge Jack to drink the wine; and when we 
found that urging would not do. we commenced to abuse and 
scoff. We accused him of trying to step over us on board of 
ship, and of all other bad things of which we could think. 
For a while, the poor fellow seemed inclined to let his anger 
get the upper hand; but at length he calmed himself, and 
stepping back to his chair, he said: — 

'"Shipmates, will you listen to me for a moment?' 

"Silence gave consent, and in a moment more he resumed — 

" Since matters have come to this pass, I have resolved to 

11 you what I had meant to keep locked up in my bosom.' 



' 'We had always thought from Jack' s manner, that there was 
something peculiar connected with his early life, 'and we were 
all attention in a moment. 

" 'My story is but a short one,' he continued, 'and I can tell it 
in a very few words. From the time of my earliest childhood, 
I never knew what it was to have a happy home. My father 
was a drunkard! — once he had been a good man and a good 
husband, but rum ruined all his manhood and made a brute of 
him. I can remember how cold and cheerless was the first 
winter of my life, to which my memory leads me back. We 
hid no fire — no food — no clothes — no joy — no anything, nothing 
but misery and woe. My poor mother used to clasp me to her 
bosom to keep me warm; and once — once I remember — when 
her very tears froze on my cheek! Oh! how my mother prayed 
to God for her husband; and I, who could but jus t prattle, lean u 1 
to pray too. And I used to see that husband and father 
re 'urn to his home, and I remember how bitterly my poor 
mother cried and trembled. 

" 'When I grew older. I had to go out and beg for bread. All 
cold and shivering, I waded through the deep snow, with my 
clothes in tatters, and my freezing feet almost bare. And I 
saw other children dressed warm and comfortable, and I knew 
they were happy, for they laughed and sang as they bounded 
along toward school. These boys had sober fathers. I knew 
that their fathers were no better than mine had been once, 
for my mother had told me how noble my own father could be, 
if the accursed demon rumjiad not been in his way — but the 
fatal power was upon him, and though he often promised, and 
though he often tried, yet he could not escape. 

" 'Time passed on, and I was eight years old, and these eight 
years had been years of such sonow and suffering as I pray 
God I may never see another experience. At length, one cold 
morning in the dead of winter, my father was not at home. 
He had not been at home through the night. My mother 
sent me to the tavern to see if I could find him. I had gone 
half the way when I saw something in the snow by the side 
of the road. I stopped, and a shudder ran through me, for 
it looked like a human form. I went up to it, and turned the 
head over, and brushed the snow from the face. It was my 
father! — and he was stiff and cold! I laid my hand on his pale 
brow, and it was like solid marble. He was dead!' 

"Poor Jack stopped a moment and wiped his eyes. Not one 
of us spoke, for we had become to deeply moved. But he 
soon went on. 

" T went to the tavern and told the people what I had found, 
and the landlord sent two of his men to carry the frozen body 
of my father home. Oh, shipmates, I cannot tell you how 
my mother wept and groaned. She sank down upon her 
knees and clasped the icy corpse to her beating bosom, as 
though she would have given it life from the warmth of her 
own breast. She loved her husband through all his errors^ 
and her love was all powerful now. The two men went off 
and left the body still on the floor. My mother wished me to 
come and kneel by her side. I did so. 'My child,' said she to 
me — and the big tears rolled down her cheeks — 'you know 
what has caused all this. This man was once as noble and 
happy, and true as a man can be; but, oh! see how he has been 
stricken down. Promise me, my child, oh! promise, here 
before your dead father, and your heart-broken mother, that 
you will never, never touch a single drop of the fatal poison 
which has wrought for us all this misery.' 

" 'Oh! shipmates, I did promise, then, and there, all that my 
mother asked, and God knows that to this moment that prom- 
ise has never been broken. My father was buried, and some / 




JUVE1TILE IUSTKUOTOE/. 



29 





good kind neighbors helped us through the winter. When 
the next spring came, I could work, and I earned something 
for my mother. Not for the wealth of the world would I 
break the pledge I gave my mother and my God, on that dark, 
cold morning. And even had I made no such pledge, I 
would not touch the fatal cup, for I know that I have a fond, 
doting mother who would be made miserable by the dishonor, 
and I would die rather than to bring more sorrow upon her 
head. Perhaps you have no mothers; and if you have, they 
do not look to you for support, for I know you all too well to 
believe that any of you would ever bring down a loving 
mother's grey hairs in sorrow to the grave. That is all, ship- 
mates. Let me now go, and you may enjoy yourselves alone, 
for I do not believe that you will agaiu urge the wine cup 
upon me. ' 

"As Jack thus spoke he turned toward the door, but Tim 
Black stopped him. 

' 'Hold on,' Jack, cried Tim, wiping his eyes, and starting up 
from his chair. '1 have got a mother, and I love her as well as 
you love yours, and your mother shall not be happier than 
mine, for by the love I bear her, I here swear that she shall 
never have a drunken son. I will drink no more.' 

" 'Give us your hand, Tim,' cried Sam Pratt, 'I'll go with you. 

"I waited no longer, but quickly starting from my chair 1 
joined the other two, and ere long the whole five of us joined 
with Jack Small in his noble life plan. We called for pen, ink 
and paper, and made Jack draw up a pledge. He signed it 
first, and we followed him, and when the deed was done, I 
knew we were far happier than we had been for many years. 
The wine on the table was untouched, and the liquor we had 
drunk during the forenoon was now all gone in its effect. 

'"Towards evening we all returned to the ship. There was a 
frown upon the captain's brow as we came over the side, for he 
had never known us to come off from a day's liberty sober. 
But when we had all come over the side and reported our, 
selves to him, his countenance changed. He could hardly 
believe the evidence of his own senses. 

"'Look here, boys,' he said, after he had examined us 
thoroughly, 'what does this mean?' 

" 'Show him the paper,' whispered I. 

"Jack had our pledge, and without speaking, he handed it to 
the captain. He took it and read it, and his face changed its 
expression several times. At length I saw a tear start in his eye. 

"'Boys,' he said, as he folded up the paper, 'let me keep 
this, and if you stick to your noble resolution, you shall never 
want a friend while I live.' 

"We let the captain keep the paper, and when he had put it 
in his pocket he came and took each in turn by the hand. He 
was much affected, and I know the circumstance made him 
happy. From that day our prospects brightened. Jack Small 
no longer had our envy, for he took hold and taught us navi- 
gation, for we were proud of him. On the next voyage we 
all six were rated as able seamen, and received full wages, and 
we left not that noble-hearted captain until we were to become 
officers on board other ships. 

"Jack Small is now one of the best masters in the world, and 
I believe the rest of the party are still living, honored and 
respected men. Three years ago we all met — the whole six 
of us — at the Astor House, in New York, and not one of us 
had broken the pledge which we made in the hotel at Rio 
Janeiro. Four of us were then commanders of good ships, one 
was a merchant in New York, the other was just going out a g 
American consul to one of the Italian cities on the Mediter- 
ranean. 



"You know why I did not drink wine with you, and of course 
you will not urge it upon me, nor take my refusal as a mark ot 
coldness or disrespect." — Selected. 



.A. SIEZRJVUOICT OUST IMI-AILT- 



DR. dodd was a famous English preacher, and while out 
walking one day he met some rude college boys who had 
been drinking, and who, in a wild spirit of merriment, insisted 
on his preaching a sermon there and then from a text that 
they should give him. 

The text was "Malt," and from it the doctor preached the 
following sermon: 

"I am a little man. come at a short warning, to deliver a 
brief discourse to a thin congregation, and from an unworthy 
pulpit. 

"Beloved, my text is Malt, which can not be divided into 
syllables, there being but one; nor into words, there being but 
one; therefore I must of necessity divide it into letters, which 
you will find to be these, M, A, L, T. 

"M, my beloved, is moral, A is allegorial, L is literal, and T 
is theological. 

"The moral is to teach you rustics good manners; therefore, 
M, my masters; A, all of you; L, listen; T, to my text. 

"The allesiorial is when one thing is spoken and another 
meant, The thing spoken of is uiait; the thing expressed, the 
oil of malt, which tipplers make, M, meat; A, apparel; L, 
liberty; and T, trust. 

"The literal is according to the letter— much ale, little thrift. 

"The theological is the effect it produces, which is of two 
kinds. The first in this world; in some, M, murder; in others, 
A, adultery; in many, L, licentious lives; and in more, T, 
treason. 

"The second, in the world to come, is, M, misery; A, anguish; 
L, lamentation; T, torment, 

■Thus, friends, having explained my short text to you, I 
conclude, by way of exhortation: M, mj masters; A, all of 
you; L, leave off; T, tippling. For a drunkard is the annoyance 
of modesty, the spoil of civility, his wife's horror, his children's 
curse, a walking swill-bowl, a worse than a beast, a libel upon 
a man." 



Sponges — An immense trade is done in these useful articles; 
the inhabitants of many of the Mediterranean islands gain 
their livelihood by diving for them; the most valuable are the 
fine-textured cup-like sponges. The sponge is the first exhibi- 
tion of animal life, and one of the connecting links between 
vegetable and animal life. The portion used for general 
purposes is the skeleton only, the organism itself consisting of 
a jelly-like substance pervading every part. A piece of ordi- 
nary sponge boiled in nitric acid will nearly dissolve, with the 
exception of some very small and slender fragments, called 
"spiculfe;" these, examined under the microscope, present a 
very beautiful appearance — some appear like anchors, others 
like arrows, and so on, to a vast variety of forms. There are 
many sponges which have no resemblance to the commercial 
article; one, not unlike a horn of exceedingly delicate silicious 
network, known as "Venus's Flower Basket," is very beautiful; 
it may be obtained very cheaply, and makes an exquisite and 
tasteful ornament, Geologists consider that the flint nodules 
in our chalk deposits are formed from sponges which have in 
their period exerted themselves in assimilating the silica of the 
surrounding seas. 





30 



TTJ^r:H]iTII-.E I1TSTE/UOTOR. 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 


18 7 5. 




*$• s 



EDITO:E?,IA.Xj thoughts. 

word with our girls. We are told we 
should not judge by appearances. It is 
true we should not judge the virtues of 
a man. or his mental weight, by the cut 
of his coat, or the poverty of his apparel. 
Still we are very apt to form some esti- 
mate of those we see. and of whom we 
know little, by their general appearance. 
As daylight can be seen through very small 
holes, so little things will illustrate a 
character. Many a young lady suffers 
s respect from the fact of submitting to a 
g that she ought to dress in the fashion, 
er repugnant it is to her own taste and 
juiing to her appearance. Every modest 
1 set her face against any fashion that 
a moment identify her with those of her 
ex who have no claim to modesty. Loud dressing 
*"" leads to loud manners and loud manners to all kinds 
of evils. There is no virtue in a woman more appreciated by 
good and sensible men than true modesty. This reaches even 
to the dress we wear and the way we wear it. Can any of 
our young lady readers tell us the estimate people are apt to 
put on them if they see them dressed in the extreme of a 
fashion, no matter how outrageous, or even disgusting. Neat- 
ness and cleanliness are always becoming, but many a fashion 
has been introduced into the world to hide the deformity or 
mm of some one, who being a "lady of high degree" was very 
apt to be copied by those wishing to flatter her; for imitation 
is the sincerest kind of flattery. The modes that first see the 
light in the midst of the corruption of Paris and other great 
cities of Babylon are no more worthy of being copied by the 
pure and innocent daughters of Zion than other fllies and 
frivolities of the Gentile world. We should make our own 
fashions of which neatness, comfort and adaptability should be 
the distinguishing traits. Indeed, we do not know but Dr. 
Johnson hit much nearer the correct principle of the true art 
of dressing than most modern fashion books, when he said that 
ladies should die-- -.. that no one could possibly remember 
what they hrn] on. Such a style of dress would nt least evince 
harmony in it- different parts and good taste in the wearer. A 
lady's dress should rather bespeak the extent of her taste, than 
the length of her purse. Her claims to the former will certainly 
DO allowed, if they exist, while a fantastic or extreme style of 
dress, i- not an infallible test of riches, but may. with equal 
propriety to attribute, 1 to recklessness or extravagance. 




DO our little readers ever think of how a story grows and 
how it changes a- it is passed from mouth to mouth. It 
i- so difficult foi any one to repeat a story exactly in the same 
words a- be hear- it. This i- no t fi-oiu any ev j] j|,tention but 
simply because it i- easier t'. t us to use our own words and 
phrases than those of others. Again we all like to make a 
story as interesting to our hearers a- possible, From which cause 
my persons tall into the error of embellishing or adding 



just a very little to what iiey hear, and as others do the same, 
a story grows wonderfully after it has been re-told several 
times. 

Some of us may have heard the verses about "The Three 
Black Crows," in which a London merchant had told a friend 
that he had been sick and had thrown up something as black 
as a crow. His friends told this story one to another, until 
before eventide the merchant was asked, to his great aston- 
ishment, if it were true that he had thrown up "three black 
crows." Very unlikely tenants, we should fancy, of any 
man's stomach. 

Though this may appear very absurd, yet stories do increase 
in just such a ratio. For instance, a lady of Salt Lake City 
remarked a few weeks ago that she was paying a visit to her 
sister: this got changed and magnified until a short time 
afterwards she was asked if it were true that she had left, her 
husband and was about to obtain a divorce from him. By 
mere luck she happened to recollect the observation she had 
made and was enabled to discover how the tale had grown. 

Such instances teach all of us the great necessity of being 
very careful when we repeat a story, to do so just as we hear 
it, and above all, not to change or ornament it for the sake of 
effect. It is a very good rule not to repeat any story that 
relates to our neighbors, without we can do some good thereby. 
Especially ought we to be careful not to do so when we have 
good reason to believe from its tenor that it will hurt the 
feelings or injure the character of a fellow being. 

Boys and girls are vety apt to repeat tales they hear of 
their friends, without thought of the consequences, but just 
for the sake of fun. Indeed, stories entirely without founda- 
tion, are now and then started for a joke, but somebody is 
told of it who does not see the joke, and tells it as a fact; and 
thus much mischief is done and ill feelings produced. 

There is as mnch in the way a thing is said as in what is 
said. The same words spoken by different persons, or in a 
different spirit may have a very opposite meaning. It is from 
this cause that a story that is repeated so often loses its original 
intent. And thus things of little moment assume gigantic 
proportions; mole hills grow to mountains, and brooklets 
increase to oceans. 

We think none of us will suffer any injury by remembering 
the following oft quoted lines: 

'If from your lips you'd have no slips, 

Three things observe with care: . 

Of whom you speak, tu whom you speak, 
And how, and when, and where." 



-»*---^ M 



Press Onward.— Watch your boat. Do not row back- 
wards, but press onward toward your destination. Every 
movement backwards will detain you and thus cause you to 
lose some of the precious moments of your existence here 
below. Life is sweet, and if well spent becomes doubly so. 
If we wish, at old ase, or, when we come to die, to look back 
on a life of usefulness, it becomes us, in all our movements 
to press onward and not backward; to keep moving and not 
lie floating hither and thither. One step backward leads to 
more, and if we are not ever watchful that first one backwards 
will prove our ruin; it may take us too near the edge, and 
dash us down thousands of feet into the yawning gulf below. 



Writing Nonsense. — Rabelais had written some sensible 
pieces, which the world did not regard at all. "I will write 

something," says he, "that they shall take notice of. " And so 
he sat down to writing nonsense. 





CTTJVEIsri 



IUSTRUCTOR. 



31 




THE RING-DOVE. 

The King-Dove is :t beautiful bird; its colors of purple, red 
_ and grey are delicately shaded, and it has a kind of collar 
of pure white, reaching nearly all around its neck. 

It is not found in this country, but it is abundant in Europe 
and in the Holy Land. Persons living in the country there 
often hear its pleasant cooing. It is not a song, nor a cry, nor 
a call, but something peculiar to itself, coming from the depths 
of the wood; and unless disturbed it will go on for an hour, 
waiting a little while between, and then beginning again. You 
may try to get a sight of it, but it is such a shy bird it is very 
seldom seen, only heard. Like other notes of birds, it tells 
you different things at different times: when you hear it on a 
bright March morning, it makes you feel quite sure the spring 
has come; on a hot summer day it seems to cool you to listen to 
it, like the gushing of a stream; and then later in the year it 
sounds so sweet and soothing, it seems to blend with the calm 
repose of the autumn of the year. 

The pair are believed to remain united for life, and they 
are very attentive and affectionate to each other. They begin 
to build their nests very early in the year; it is soon done, for 
it is a very simple affair — a few stbks laid across each other on 
some high tree, and on these the two white eggs are laid. 





They are never more than two, and the young pair are always 
a male and a female. Eing-Doves live on grain and seeds 
and in the autumn they fly about in flocks in search of this food. 
This is the best time to get a sight of them, when the wheat 
is gathered in, and the stubble fields are left bare and solitary. 
Yet not solitary, for you may see a hundred of these birds 
busily gleaning the scattered remains of the feast. If you are 
very careful you may get near enough to have a good look 
before they take the alarm, and are off into the woods again. 
There are several different kinds of doves, and all of them 
are interesting birds, not only from their beauty but from their 
gentleness, their attachment to each other, and the tender sweet- 
ness of their voice. Of course doves never quarrel — but if they 
could get up such a thing, that soft gentle coo would never do to 
express anger, would it? We cannot hear the name dove 
without thinking of meekness and gentleness and love, and we 
need not be above copying such things even from a bird, especi- 
ally when the Bible honors the dove among birds, as it does the 
lamb among animals, by holding it up for our especial 
example. Don't you think it would be a happy world if we 
tried to follow it? 



SOAP nyEAITTJ-EAGTXJP^E. 



BY BETH. 



Concluded from No. 26, Vol. 9. 

THE analysis of soap is a very simple matter. By carefully 
drying it, the percentage of water is known. The fatty 
acid, combined with either potash or soda to form the soap, 
may be separated by sulphuric or hydrochloric acid. The 
curd thus obtained may then be washed, dried and weighed. 
To find out how much alkali is contained, a known weight of 
the soap may be calcined, and the ashes weighed. 1 h m by 
dissolving the ashes in water, any sand may be detected. 
There are other modes, but this shows a ready one for finding 
ont something closely approaching to the value of soap. A 
greater quantity of water than is really necessary to form soap 
has to be used by the manufacturer, not only to compete with 
other soaps in the market, but to make soap marketable. 
Castile and toilet soaps have from 14to 16 per cent, of water, 9 or 
10 per cent, of dry soda, 75 or 76 of fatty acid. Ordinary 
British soaps are from 23 to 33 per cent, water; soft soaps from 
4.3 to 55. Some of the soaps of that country, prepared for 
fraudulent purposes, have a much higher percentage of water — 
as much as 75 per cent. — three fourths water! Silica (sand) is 
also used, sometimes in a jelly-like state (water glass); some 
soaps are called sand soaps, and "sand-balls," or some name 
that shows there is no intention to defraud the purchasers. 

Fuller's earth may also be used without fraud, when the 
price charged for the soap corresponds with the admixture. 
We may be thankful that there are not among us, as in large 
cities, the same inducements to resort to these artifices, where 
the interest of buyer and seller are closely identified. 

We may be justly proud of the efforts that are being made 
among us to supply at least our own market with soap made 
here in our own manufactory. Neither should we judge of 
the value of an institution by the pecuniary success of the 
projector or proprietor. There are many and great difficulties 
in starting home manufactures, that can not be foreseen and 
provided against. It is experience that teaches in these as in 
other things. What we should look for is the spirit of an 
enterprise, and not the results. Perhaps Brother John B. 
Maiben, by whom the foundation of our present soap factory 
was laid, did not think of the ultimate advantages that would 
be derived from it by this whole community. Example is 
contagious; with a thriving industry like this growing up 
among us, by united effort, other industries will be devised 
and carried out. Caustic soda will be made, for our hard 
soaps; caustic potash, for the soft. The practice resorted to 
by the soap-boiler of changing potash (soft) into soda (hard) 
soap by common salt during the boiling process will give way 
to the use of soda made direct from the common salt. This 
will enable the other element of salt (chlorine) to be made 
useful in the arts. Not that there is any waste in a well regu- 
lated soap factory; "all is grist that comes to the mill;" the 
veriest refu,-e is utilized. Neither is the too common idea 
correct that soap made of "scraps" is inferior on that account. 
Therein consists the art of soap manufacture: everything is 
separated and again gathered together, in order that it may 
be utilized. There should be no such thing as waste. The 
operations of nature show the intention of nature's God. 
There is nothing wasted in the universe. We may, we too 
frequently do, throw away the good things by which we are 
surrounded. "You could get three dollars for that hide," 
said an old man to a young able fellow, in one of our lower 
wards, alluding to a dead but very large horse, that was goi 





32 



J TJ "V E ILT I Xj IE I1TSTRTJCTOB 




to be "snaked" into the Five Acre Lots to poison the atmos- 
phere. "I guess I shan't bother about it," was the reply. It 
would have taken, say an hour, to have preserved that "pelt," 
or horse-hide, from waste, and three dollars would have been 
saved to the community. 

As to the use of rosin in soap, when it can be obtained 
without sending money to foreign lands to buy it, it is well 
enough to use it. Not that it forms a true soap, such as fatty 
or oily matter does. In practice, rosin cau be saponified with- 
out using caustic alkali; at the boiling temperature it combines 
with the carbonates of the alkalies. This is an advantage 
here, where the caustic lye is very expensive. The rosin soap 
is thus made separately from the tallow soap, and properly 
combined by mixing together during the boiling process. 
Probably there is no chemical process in the entire range of 
manufacture that requires practical knowledge so much as that 
of soap boiling; the eye, the ear, the thinking faculties, atten- 
tion — almost unremitting attention, as well as labor, patience 
and chemical skill are all necssary to produce an excellent and 
marketable soap. 



merit*. 



BY O. M. O. 



THE PH<ENICTANS. 




Bit little] secular evidence remains, and the history of the 
nations who once enlivened our western plains, and the 
land" now covered by the impenetrable forests of southern 
America, is [meagre and fragmentary, so far as relates to the 
country previous to the time of Columbus. And, therefore, 
to be intelligible, it is necessary to go backward, step by step- 
from his time, gleaning what we can from the few fragments 
left us, undestroyed by time and man. 

That the Phoenicians had communication with America 
long before Tyre or Sidon was built, it is not difficult to 
believe; and from them the ancients learned ot a great conti- 
nent beyond the Atlantic, including what Solon heard in 
Egypt of Atlantis. But. although fragments of their monu- 
ments have been found, and a similarity exists between the 
Punic or Phoenician characters used in writing and letters 
found in America, in one or two instances, we have no other 
evidence of their occupation as colonists. 

The ancient Americans' language, their style of architecture, 
their written 'characters, and the appearance of the people 
physically, judging from their painted manuscripts or sculp- 
tured monuments, are entirely different from the Phoenicians'. 
Very justly has it been said by one explorer of the American 
rains: "The American monuments are different from those of 
any other [known people, of a new order, and entirely and 
absolutely anomalous: they stand alone." 

Greek writers inform us that the Phoenicians and Carthage- 
mans knew the way to a country beyond the Atlantic. One 
fact mentioned by several ancient writers, and preserved in 
the records of Tyrian commerce, is related by Diodorus Siculus, 
as a matter of authentic history'. Diodorus was a contemporary 
of Julius Caesar, and the author of a universal history, over 
which he spent thirty years. He makes the following state- 
ment: "Over against Africa lies a very great island, in the vast 
ocean, many days' sail from Libya westward. The soil there 
very fruitful, a great part whereof is mountainous, but much 



likewise champaign, which is the most sweet and pleasant 
part, for it is watered by several navigable streams and beauti- 
fied with miny gardens of pleasure, planted with divers sorts 
of trees, and an abundance of orchards. The towns are 
adorned with stately buildings, and banqueting houses pleas- 
antly situated in their gardens and orchards. . . . The Phoe- 
nicians (Tynans), having found out the coasts beyond the 
Pillars of Hercules (the Straits of Gibraltar), sailed along the 
coast of Africa. One of their ships, on a sudden, was driven 
by a furious storm far off into the main ocean. After they 
had lain under this violent tempest many days, they at length 
arrived at this island." 

This is similar to the constrained voyage of the Northman, 
Biarni, from Iceland to the coast of New England, in the year 
A. D. 985. The storm-driven ship of the Tyrians must have 
sighted the coast of Central America, from the description, 
and returned to their home with precisely the same story and 
description of their discovery as the Spaniards returned with 
after sailing along the coast of Yucatan twenty-five hundred 
years afterwards. The Phoenicians were very secret in regard 
to their courses of navigation and commercial trading. This 
undesigned voyage, made more than eleven hundred years 
previous to the Christian era, was undoubtedly followed by 
others. The enterprising people who are said to have invented 
letters or writing, arithmetic, astronomy, navigation, glass and 
the coining of money, would not be likely to neglect to estab- 
lish commercial relations with so extensive and populous a 
country. 

Professor Baldwin says: "If the old Central American books 
may be trusted, the voyage was not long previous to the begin- 
ning of the Toltec domination." The extensive ruins of cities 
in Mexico, Yucatan and Central America bear witness that 
anciently there was such a country as described by Diodorus, 
and the reader should bear in mind that the crew of the Tyrian 
ship found a country already densely populated and covered 
with large cities, and the land cultivated like a garden, and 
this three thousand years ago. How long previously had the 
country been a region of cities and civilization? There is no 
secular history that can answer. 

Punic characters, so supposed, were found engraven on the 
rocks near the sea at Dighton, Massachusetts, but they proved 
to be Kunic. In a cave explored by Humboldt, between 
the Amazon and Orinoco rivers, South America, on a block 
of granite, glyphs were found, supposed also to be Punic 
letters. Professor Raffinesque, in his Atlantic Journal for 1 832, 
has presented the public with engravings and their meaning, 
both Phoenician and American, which bear a striking similarity. 
A remarkable historical discovery has been achieved within 
the last two years in Brazil. It is a Phoenician inscription, 
commemorating a visit to Brazil some five centuries before the 
birth of Christ. Some slaves, during their agricultural labors, 
on a farm in the parish of Parahyba, discovered a stone, the 
engraved characters on which Senor Ladislao Netto, director 
of the Rio Janeiro museum, has pronounced pure Phoenician, 
I quote from the letter of this gentleman the translation of the 
inscription: 

"The inscription is a commemorative stone, erected by 
some Sidonians, exiles or refugees from their native land, 
between the ninth and tenth years of the reign of a king 
named Hiram. These unfortunate or rash Cauaanites (so they 
denominate themselves) left the port of Azionguba (Akaba), 
a port upon the Red Sea, and sailed for twelve lunar months 
along the land of Egypt— that is Africa. The number of 
vessels, and the number of males and females comprising the 





J-TT VE1>TILE HTSTBTJCTOR. 



33 




expedition are all set forth, these particulars being placed 
intermediate between the invocation — one at the beginning 
and the other at the end of the inscription of the names of 
their protecting god and goddess. It is written in eight lines 
of most beautiful Phoenician characters, but without separation 
of the words, without the vowel points and without quiescent 
letters. ' ' 

The inscription does not inform us which of the two Hirams 
is referred to, as the reigning monarch at the time, the ally of 
Solomon — 980 to 947 B. C. , or the Hiram who reigned in 558 
to 552 B. C. 

Here, again, the same happened to our Sidonians as did to 
Pedro Cabral, two thousand years later, when, knowing noth- 
ing of Brazil, he found himself unexpectedly on its coast. 
Like Cabral, fleeing from the storms usual to the African 
coast, from Senegambia to the cape, they steered into the high 
sea, where, seized by the famous equatorial current, which 
flows with extraordinary swiftness, they unexpectedly came 
upon the Brazilian shores. 

M. de Bourbourg and other writers base their theories of 
the Phoenecian origin of the inhabitants of America from the 
few records of their visits, and the vague and mysterious writ- 
ings and traditions of the ancient Greeks, concerning the 
Island of "Atalantis." 

If the inhabitants on the Mediterranean had communication 
with America in ancient times, they found it already inhabited 
by a civilized and prosperous people, with extensive cities, con-' 
taining buildings, whose style and design could not be altered 
or improved or changed. When this communication was 
interrupted no one can say. The old American books speak of 
a great cataclysm. While the Greeks maintain that many ages 
before Athens was known as a city, the island of Atalantis 
existed; in one day and one fatal night there came mighty 
earthquakes and inundations, during which the island disap- 
peared beneath the sea. 

P/o not these traditions on both sides of the Atlantic mean 
the same thing? And may not this catastrophe be the cause 
of the interruption that remained for so long a time unbroken? 
That the Phoenecians at one time held intercouse with Jared's 
people, is reasonable to suppose. But we have no definite 
proof that the first inhabitants were of Phoenecian origin. 



MATCHES. 




ONE of the most perfect lucifer match manufactories in the 
world is supposed to be that at Frankfort, N. Y., noted 
for some extraordinary machinery, the invention of Mr. 
Gates. At this establishment 720,000 feet of pine, of the 
best quality, are used annually for the matches, and 400,000 
feet of basswood for cases. The sulphur used annually for 
the matches is 400 barrels, and the phosphorus is 9,600 pounds. 
The machines run night and day, and 300 hands are employed 
at the works- It takes 500 pounds of paper per day to make 
the light small boxes for holding the matches, and four tons of 
pasteboard per week for the larger boxes; 66 pounds of flour 
per day is used for paste, and the one-cent stamp required by 
the Goverment no the boxes amounts to the snug little 
sum of $1,440 per day. There are four machines in use for 
cutting, diuping, and deliveriug the matches. The two-inch 
pine plank is sawed up the length of the match, which is two 
and a quarter inches. These go into the machine for cutting, 
where, at every stroke, twelve matches are cut, and by the 
succeeding stroke pushed into tsloats arranged by a double 



chain one hundred and fifty feet long, which carries them to a 
sulphur vat, and from thence to the phosphorus vat, and thus 
across the room and back, returning them at a point just in 
front of the cutting-machine, and where they are delivered in 
their natural order, and are gathered up by a boy into trays, 
and sent to the packing-room. Thus 1,000 gross, or 144,000 
small boxes of matches, are made per day. The machines for 
making the small thin paper boxes and their covers are quite 
as wonderfully and ingeniously contrived as those that make the 
matches. A long coil of paper, as wide as the box is long, 
revolves on a wheel, one end being in the machine. It first 
passes through rollers, where the printing is done, from thence 
to the paste-boxes, where the sides and ends only are pasted, 
from thence to the folding apparatus, where the ends are 
nicely folded, and the whole box is pasted together aud drops 
into a basket. A similar machine is at work at the covers, 
and thus 144.000 boxes per day are manufactured. 



STTnsriDJLir lessors 

FOB LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON III. 



Q. — Were there no preachers of religion in Palmyra? 

A. — Yes, many. 

Q. — What were some of them called? 

A. — Presbyterians, Baptists and Methodists. 

Q.— Did Joseph's family belong to any of them? 

A. — Yes; his mother, sister and three Drothers. 

y. — What church did they belong to.' 

A — The Presbyterian Church. 

Q.— Did not the preachers of these churches believe in Jesus 
Christ, and the Bible? 

A. — They said they did. 

Q- — Did the}- all teach the same doctrine as Jesus did? 

A. — No not one of them. 

Q.— Did they not profess to teach the people the way of 
salvation? 

A. — Yes; they all professed that. 

Q. — Did they all teach the same way 7 

A. — No, they all taught different ways. 

Q. — What do you mean by that? 

A.— I mean the Baptists taught one doctrine, and the Methodists 
another. 

Q.— Did they not teach the same doctrines as our Eldeis do' 

A— No. 

Q. — What was the reason? 

A. — Because they were not taught of God. 

Q.— Who did teach them? 

A. — The evil one. 



A text worthy of daily remembrance is, "He that contenin- 
eth small things shall fall little by little." Could not many 
unsuccessful persons look back and see that it has been the neglect 
of small things that has caused the want of success? 
Unwise words, thoughtlessly spoken and forgotten by a wife, 
may be working the ruin of her husband and family. "So- 
and-so is in bad trouble," was said the other day; and the re- 
ply was, "Yes, but it was the foolish gossiping of his wife 
that brought it on." She had forgotten the importance of 
these small things called words, and had wrought irreparable 
mischief. The same with unwise or not strictly correct actions: 
their importance maybe for a time slurred over, but the continu- 
ance in them may some day prove them to be the littles and 
littles that have imperceptibly, but most effectually worked 
ruin. 





JTJ-VEITILE I1TSTRIJCTOR 




tiestions atul l^nsiucrs 

OUST THE 

book: o :f_jm: o b> im: o nsr . 

REIGNOFTHE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXXI. 

p. —After the people bad offered their prayers at tke Holy 
Stand, what did they do? 

A.— They went home, and never spoke of God until they 
a.-sembled again. 

O.—How did Alma feel when he saw the actions of the people? 

A. He was very much grieved, and prayed to the Lord for 

success in preaching among them. 

Q.— "When he had finished praying what did he do? 

A.— He clapped his hands upon all who were near him. 

Q.— How did this effect them? 

A.— They were filled with the Holy Spirit, and went forth 
separately to preach. 

Q.— Where did they preach? 

A.— In the houses of the people and also in the streets. 

(J.— What success attended them? 

A.— They brought many of the poor to a knowledge of the 
truth. 

Q.— How were these poor people treated in the synagogues? 

A.— They were cast out on account of the coarseness of their 
clothing. 

Q.— "While Alma was preaching on the hill Onidah, who came 
to him? 

,\.— A great crowd of the poor of the Zoramites. 

Q— "What did their leader say to Alma concerning then- 
wrongs? 

A.— He asked what they should do, as they were cast out of 
the synagogues by the priests. 

Q.— "When Amnion heard this what did he do? 

A.— He turned to them and he was filled with joy. 

Q.— "Why was he thus joyful? 

A. — He saw they were humbled, and fit to receive the word. 

C>.— "What did he say to them? 

A. — He told them to he encouraged and nourish the good seed 
(.lanted in their hearts. 

Q. — After Alma had finished speaking, what did Aniulek do? 

A. — He arose and began to preach to the multitude. 

Q. — "When he had finished speaking, where did he and Alma go? 

A. — Into the land of Jershon. 

Q. — "Who else was at Jershon? 

A. — The rest of the brethern who had been preaching to the 
Zoramites. 

Q. — "What did the priests and rulers of the Zoramites do after 
Alma and Amulek had gone? 

A. — They called the people together to find out their mind 
concerning the doctrines which Alma taught. 

Q. — What was done to those who believed his words? 

A. — They were cast out of the land. 

Q. — "Where did they go? 

A. — To the land of Jershon. 

Q. — "When the ruler of the Zoramites heard that they were in 
Jershon what did he do? 

A. — He sent word to the people of Ammon to cast them out. 

Q. — Did the people of Amnion do as he required? 

A. — No; they clothed and nourished them, and gave them land. 

Q. — When the Zoramites saw this what did they do? 

A. — They mixed with the Lamanites and made preparations 
for war. 

Q. — To what land did the people of Ammon go in order to give 
place to the armies of the Nephites? 

A.— To the land of Melek. 

Q. — In what year did this war begin? 

A.— In the eighteenth year of the reign of the judges. 



03ST TZHZIE BIBLE. 



BOOK OF JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXI. 

Q. — What did the companions of Samson do when they were 
unable to expound the riddle' 

A. — They asked Samson's wife to entice her husband to tell it. 

Q. — What did they threaten to do if she did not 7 

A. — To burn her and her father's house. 

y. — How did Samson's wife act? 

A. — She wept before Samson and besought him to tell her. 

Q. — What was Samson's answer? 

A. — That he had not told even his father nor his mother. 

Q. — Was she satisfied with Samson's answer? 

A. — No; she wept before him while their feast lasted. 

Q. — What occurred on the seventh day? 

A. — Samson told the riddle to his wife, and she told her people. 

Q. — When the men of the city told the riddle where did 
Samson go? 

A.— To Ashkelon. 

Q.— What did he do there? 

A. — He slew thirty men. 

Q.— Why did he do this? 

A. — To take their spoil for those who expounded the riddle. 

0- — What is said to have come upon Samson before he went 
down to Ashkelon? 

A. — The spirit of the Lord. 

Q. — How did Samson feel about having to give the change of 
garments? 

A. — His anger was kindled. 

Q. — "Where did he go to? 

A. — He went up to his father's house. 

Q — What happened w.iile Samson was away? 

A. — His wife was given by her father to his companion. 

Q. — When Samson learned this on his return what did he sav? 

A. — "Now shall I be more blameless than the Philistines, 
though I do them a displeasure." 

Q. — What did Samson then do? 

A. — He caught three hundred foxes and put fire-brands to their 
tails. 

Q. — Where did Samson let the foxes go when he set the brands 
on fire? 

A. — Into the standing corn and vineyards of the Philistines. 

Q. — What did the Philistines do when they had learned who 
had done this? 

A'- — They came up and burnt Samson's wife and her father. 

Q. — What did Samson do? 

A. — He smote the Philistines with a great slaughter. 

Q.— What did the Philistines then do? 

A. — They went up against Judah. 

Q. — What did they say was the reason? 

A. — To bind Samson. 

Q. — How many men of Judah went up to the rock Etam to see 
Samson? 

A. — Three thousand. 

Q.— On what condition did Samson allow them to take him? 

A.— That they should not kill him. 

Q. — What did the men of Judah do to Samson? 

A.— They bound him with two new cords and brought him to 
his enemies. 

Q. — What happened when the Philistines shouted against him? 

A. — The spirit of the Lord came mightily upon Samson and he 
burst the cords that bound him. 

Q. — What did Samson find? 

A. — A new jaw bone of an ass. 

Q.— What did he do with if 

A. — He slew a thousand of the Philistines. 





J"TJ"V3i]3Sri:LiE3 INSTRUCTOB 



35 




AMULEK 



Fmm the Institute, Index 




BIOGRAPHY is one of the most interesting of studies. 
Through it we learn wisdom hy example, as from the 
story of the lives of earth's great ones, "in arms, in arts, in 
song," we are taught to emulate their virtues and avoid their 
follies and their crimes. 

There is one branch of this to which many of us as Latter- 
day Saints pay far less attention than is commendable or even 
consistent. We refer to the study of the lives of the prophets 
and heroes of ancient America, whose history is laid before us 
in the pages of the Book of Mormon. We will take or.e 
ot these old time worthies as the subject of our present 
sketch. 

Among the cities built by the Nephites in the northern 
part of South America was one named Ammonihah, which 
we are told was situated to the north of the land of Melek, 
which land lay on the west side of the river Sidon. In 
this city, eighty-one years before the coming of Christ, dwelt 
a Nephite named Amulek. He was a man of wealth and 
importance and was blessed with many relative-. One day in 
the latter half of the year as he was journeying to see a very 
near relation (possibly one of his wives, for he was a polygam- 
ist) an angel of the Lord appeared unto him and told him to 
return to his home for he had to feed a holy prophet of God 
who was exceeding hungry, he having fasted many days on 
account of the sins of the people of Ammonihah. 

This man of God of whom the angel spoke was Alma the 
younger, the presiding High Priest of the Church of Christ. 
For some time past he had been laboring in the midst of the 
dwellers in Ammonihah but they had hardened their hearts 
against God's word and had cast the prophet out of their city. 
Sad at heart and bowed down with sorrow Alma journeyed 
from that city, but on his way a holy angel met him and with 
words of encouragement bade him return. Alma was not a 
man to dally in keeping the word of the Lord. He at once 
retraced his steps and entered Ammonihah by its south gate, 
When not far from its portals he was addressed by Amulek, 
who recognized him as the man of whom the angel had spoken, 
and who took him to his house and nourished him for many 
days. After a time Alma, accompanied by Amulek, re-com- 
menced preaching the principles of life and holiness, but in 
the meantime the citizens of Ammonihah had grown even 
more wicked than they were before. No sooner did these breth- 
ren raise their voices in their midst than they sought their 
destruction. They mocked, they ridiculed, they cross ques- 
tioned them, they perverted the moaning of their words and 
cried out that they reviled against their laws that were just 
and their judges whom they had chosen. But by the spirit of 
the Lord Alma and Amulek made bare their evil intentions 
and severely rebuked their iniquity. 

Ammonihah at that time was cursed with an abundance of 
lawyers who were very expert in the crooked ways of their 
profession. Among them was a man, whose name was Zeez- 
rom, who on account of his extra keenness, had a large practice, 
and especially made himself conspicuous in badgering and seek- 
ing to discomfit these two servants of God. But Alma and 
Amulek by the power of the Lord made his lying and perver- 
sions of their words manifest to all to such an extent that 
Zeezrom himself felt the power of their words and began to 
tremble exceedingly. Many of the people also began to believe 
and to repent, but the greater portion thereof, filled with rage 



because their sins were laid bare with such unsparing hand>> 
bound Alma and his companion and hurried them before the 
chief justice and with many falsehoods accused them of having 
reviled their laws, their judges and indeed the whole people- 
Zeezrom, now conscious of the evil he had done, vainly plead 
their cause, but the rabble turned upon him also and with 
many indignities cast him and others in whose hearts the germ 
of faith was planted, out of the city, and with stones strove to 
kill them. 

Then followed a scene of horror (yet of glory) which in 
after years had its counterparts in Rome and Smithfield. The 
infuriated mob, lost to all pity and humanity, dragged the 
wives and little children of those who had had the gospel 
preached to them, and in one great fire burned them to death. 
Not content with this, in savage spite, they took the copies of 
the scriptures anil hurled them into the flames and burned 
them also. To add to the refinement of their cruelty they 
dragged Alma and his friend from prison and compelled them 
to witness the torture of the martyrs who had received the 
gospel through their instrumentality. Among that throng 
of cruelly suffering men, women and children we have no record 
that one flinched or denied the Savior in whose cause they 
passed away to a glorious resurrection. 

Amulek was exceedingly pained at the horrors of this awful 
scene, and plead with Alma that they should exercise the 
power of God that was in them and save these innocents from 
their tortures. But Alma would not permit it, saying that the 
spirit constrained him, for the Lord received these martyrs to 
himself in glory. 

Now it came to pass that while Alma and Amulek we.e 
thus bound, the chief judge came and smote them on the 
face and jeered at them for not having delivered the martyrs 
from the flames; when he had finished he again consigned the 
prophets to prison. These indignities were repeated day after 
day, not only by ihe chief judge but by many others, added 
to which they treated the prisoners with great cruelty, they 
kept them without food and water that they might hunger and 
thirst, and stripped them of their clothes and bound them 
naked in their prison. This continued for some time, until one 
day the chief judge with many others came and smote the 
brethren as before with Blockings and ridicule. Then the power 
of God came upon Alma and Amulek and they rose to their feet 
and broke the bands that bound them and cried mightily to the 
Lord, while their persecutors were stricken with tenor. 
These latter, paralyzed with fear, attempted to flee from 
the presence of the prophets, and in their haste fell one upon 
another and blocked up the way of escape. At this moment 
of terror an earthquake rent the prison walls, which swayed 
and fell in a crumbling, suffocating, crushing mass upon the 
unholy crowd within. Not one escaped, Alma and Amulek 
alone were preserved in the midst of this awful manifestation 
of the power of the Almighty. 

The citizens hearing the noise rushed in crowds to learn of 
the disaster, but when they saw the ruined heaps of the prison 
with the brethren in safety and confronting them they fled like 
a flock of frightened sheep before two young lions. Still they 
would not permit the prophets to remain in their midst, so 
they left and went over into the land ot Sidom. 

Such crimes as these could not go unpunished by divine 
justice. Ammonihah soon felt the force of the wrath of God. 
It was besieged, captured and made desolate by the armies of 
the Lamanites, and the very same men who rejoiced in the 
sufferings of the martyred saints felt the same horrors fall with 
ten fold fury on their own heads and those of their wives a 





J- IT "V IE UST I !_. IE IFSTBTJCTOB. 




little ones, for of the horrors of the spoiling of that city we 
have few counterparts in history. 

In the land of Sidom, Alma and Aniulek found the brethren 
who had been cast out of Ammonihah. Zeezrom, the lawyer, 
was also there, sorely sick of a fever, brought on by the anguish 
of his mind on account of his great sins. While prostrate on 
his bed, the prophets visited him, comforted him, and having 
received a confession of his faith in Christ, administered to 
him, when he was immediately healed. Alma then baptized 
him, and from that time forth he became a zealous servant of 
that God whom he had so often denied and blasphemed. 

After Alma had established a prosperous church in the land 
of Sidom he took Amulek, who had given up all for the gospel's 
sake, to the land of Zarahemla. There Amulek dwelt with 
Alma, assisting him in his labors and ministry. The Lord 
abundantly blessed their efforts and the Book of Mormon 
informs us that they imparted the word of God, without any 
respect of persons, to the people continually; and there was no 
inequality among them, aud the Lord did pour out his spirit 
on all of the land that they might enter into his rest. 

Amulek seems to have devoted his entire life henceforth to 
the preaching of the gospel. We next hear of him being in 
the land of Melek with Zeezrom, from whence Alma took them 
and other brethren to preach to the Zoramites, a body of 
Nephite dissenters or apostates who laid inordinate stress 
upon the idea of their predestination to salvation. Here 
Amulek preached with great zeal and faith, as did the other 
Elders, resulting in the repentance of many, who by their more 
hardened fellow countrymen were cruelly persecuted and driven 
into the land of Jershon, whose inhabitants received them 
with great kindness and ministered to their wants. Here Alma 
and his fellow laborers still further instructed them in the 
principles of eternal life. The wicked Zoramites were highly 
incensed at the kindness shown to their persecuted brethren 
by the noble hearted people of Jershon, and made it a pretext, 
for commencing a war of extermination, the particulars of which 
are recorded in detail in the Book of Mormon. This war 
commenced about eight years after the expulsion of Amulek 
from Ammonihah. 

Amulek has the honor of having some of his sermons handed 
down to us in detail in the Book of Mormon. From them we 
judge him to be a man of liberal education, of great faith, of 
unswerving integrity and untiring zeal for the cause of truth. 
He was, from the glimpses of his private life that we glean 
as we pass along, a man of tender and affectionate disposition, 
exceedingly fond of his home and family, yet these and all else 
he readily and joyfully gave up for the riches and happiness 
of the gospel of the Son of God. Of his later ministry and 
death we are not informed, as the Book of Mormon changes 
from the history of the labors of the servants of God to an 
account of the terrible wars between the Nephites and Laman- 
ites which immediately afterwards deluged the land with blood. 

G. R. 




Acknowledgement. — We inadvertently omitted to state in 
our last number that we were indebted to the courtesy of 
Brother Robert Campbell, City Recorder, for the opportunity 
of publishing the two views of Salt Lake City which our last 
issue contained. They were originally published in an eastern 
magazine, and the plates were afterwards obtained by Mayor 
Wells. Brother Campbell kindly proffered us the use of them. 



Remember, as knowledge conies into the brain it crowds out 



IKIIEIEIr? 



Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Krep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 



to the right as the law directs; 
from the world thy friend's defects; 
all thy thoughts on purests themes; 
from thine eyes the motes and beams; 
true thy deed, thy honor bright; 
firm thy faith in God and right; 
free from every sin and stain; 
from the ways that bring the pain; 
free thy tongue from words of ill; 
right thy aim and good thy will; 
all thy acts from passion free; 
strong in faith no envy see; 
watchful care o're tongue and hand; 
firm thy feet, by justice stand; 
true thy word — A sacred thing — 
from the snares the tempters brihg; 
faith with each you call a friend; 
full in view the final end; 
firm thy courage — bold and strong; 
up the right and down the wrong; 
well the words of wisdem's school; 
warm by night and day keep cool. 



GEOMETRICAL 
G ZHI .A. IR, .A. ID IE . 

[The following is not original, but it may puzzle some who 
have never seen it before: J 

'Three-fourths of across and a circle complete, 
A perpendicular and two semi-circles meet, 
A triangle standing upon two feet, 
Two semi-circles and a circle complete." 



The answer to the Charade published in Xo. 1 is the 
''Juvenile Instructor," We hove received correct solu- 
tions from Isabella M. Walton, Mill Creek; Edward Z. Car- 
bine, Clarkston; Henry R. Stevenson, F. C. Andrew, W. T. 
Cooper, Sarah Teasdel, Mary Teasdel, Nellie T. Cooper, C. 
W. Peck, Millie Peck, E. Brooks, and J. D. Irvine, Salt Lake 
City. The last two named forwarded poetical answers, which 
possess somemerit. We append one verse of J. D. Irvine's, 
as expressive of good sentiments: 

Good instructions ever bringing — 

If its lessons we shall heed, 
Back into our Father's presence, 

Step by step, 'tis sure to lead. 
For, 'tis prompted by the spirit 

And the priesthood of our God; 
Linking us in love together, 
Holding fast the "iron rod." 



Soft buzzing slander: silky moths, that eat an honest name. 

vTTJ-VEZCsTIXjIE IlsrSTRyTJOTOI?. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEOW-lfi O C4NM N, EDITOR Jk. PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IX ADVANCE 
Singh Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

_^f-()tHee, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Conimunv itions to this Office should be directed, 
''Editoii Juvenile Instructor." 




