
fllhuss to t|e ^0rir! 





r 




VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1873. 



NO. 9. 



THE MIRACLE AT IsTAIlT. 




ITTHBEE is the Sunday school scholar who has not read the 
YV beautiful account, contaiued in the 7th chapter of St. 
Luke's gospel, of Christ restoring the widow's son to life? It 
is one of the most touching and pathetic portions of the Scrip- 
lures, and nothing contained therein shows more clearly the 
wonderful pow- 
er of the Re- 
deemer and at 
the same time 
His overflow- 
ing sympathy 
and compassion 
for those in dis- 
tress and sor- 
row. Truly, 
as the apostle 
says, "He was 
touched with 
the feeling of 
our infirmi- 
ties." 

Nain is now 
but a hamlet, or 
very small vil- 
lage, and like 
nearly all vil- 
lages in Pal- 
estine, it con- 
tains only a few 
squalid tene- 
ments, with 
people of the 
same class; but, 
poor and insig- 
nificant as it is, 
its name, on 
account of the 
manifestation 
of Almighty 
p o w e r and 
Godlike com- 
passion associ- ••• 
ated with it, which took place nearly two thousand years ago, 
■ will never be forgotten. 

The account given by the evangelists of the miracles of Jesus 
is very brief, but it is better so than otherwise, for His works 
were so unlike those of men thai a multitude of fine words to 



-tj — =S=s* 




make them striking and interesting was altogether unnecessary. 
Just read the account of the miracle illustrated by this beauti- 
ful engraving. Five short verses only ! and they are all the 
history we have of one of the mightiest miracles ever performed 
ou earth. Yet the very brevity of the sacred writer gives a 

force to the ac- 
count which 
it would not 
otherwise have 
possessed. 

Picture to 
your minds, if 
you can, the 
actual scene, 
represented, so 
beautifully by 
the artist in 
our engraving. 
There is the 
quiet little vil- 
lage of Nai n, 
with its syna- 
gogues, its palm 
trees, its bright 
eastern sun, 
&/ff^ and its inhabit- 
ants in their 
picturesque, 
%& oriental cos- 
tumes. Peace 
and content- 
ment seem to 
prevail, yet 
there is one a- 
mong its inhab- 
itants whose 
heart is weigh- 
ed down with 

SOrrOW tOO deep 

for woids. A 
widowed moth 
er has lost her 

only child — her son. the solace of her existence. She has 

no comfort left now, and her life seen s henceforth without 

hope and her whole future dark and cheerless. 
The time for the burial of the dead— the saddest seen by 

mortals during their earthly sojourn — has come, and slowly the 





66 



J" TJ "V El IsT I L E INSTRUCTOR 




mournful procession wends its way to the cemetery or buru.1 
ground, without the city. There is one solitary mourner — the 
mother of the dead — weeping as if her heart would break, and 
only those who have followed the remains of their dearest ones 
to the grave can form any notion of the grief that stricken 
mother felt. 

The funeral procession approaches the gate of the city, and 
soon the remains of ihe dead will be p'aced in their final resting 
place. But there is one witness of the mournful cortege whose 
mission on earth is to soothe the mourner and to comfort those 
in sorrow and distress; and happily for humanity His disposi- 
tion to do so is equal to His power. His heart is touched, and 
His sympathy is moved to its very foundation while witnessing 
the grief and anguish of the widowed and childless woman. He 
who we are told, spoke as " never man spake," approached the 
mourner, and bid her "Weep not;" then touching the bier, 
II ■ pronounced the words — " Young man, I say unto thee 
ari.se." Death itself must obey the voice of Omnipotence, 
" Aud he that was dead sat up and began to speak. And He 
delivered him to his mother. Aud fear fell upon all." 

Never, perhaps, were the power and compassion of Christ 
manifested in a more striking and timely manner than on behalt 
of the widow of Nain, and no words could give a more graphic 
description of the event than those used by the evangelist, 
which you can all read for yourselves in the New Testament. 
But we subjoin the following beautiful lines on the same sub- 
ject from the pen of one of our most celebrated national poets; 

" Tis evening. At the gale of Nain 
Behold a sad and mournful train, 
That outward pass, with garment rent, 
And wail of woe, and heads down bent, 
With ashes ou them. 'Tis the dead, 
Borne to his cold and sileut bed; 
The young en t off in manhood's bloom, 
To feed the worm, and rill the tomb. 

" She is a childless widow now, — 
That women, o'er whose stainless brow 
Wanders at will the ebon braid, 

I i"r iii glossy neatness laid. 
' >ver her cheek, so deadly pale, 
The swollen eyelids, like a veil, 
I iroop heavily, and with tears 
That II jw, as if the grief of years, 
Were gather'd into one dark hour, 
To spend on her its tyrant powei : 
Till with long chokings sobs, her f. rm 
Shakes like tin- willow in the storm. 
Why ecase those tears? Why stand they still? 
What in> mis the Blrange, mysterious thrill 
That passes o'er them like a breath. 
Hashing at once the wail of death '/ 

" <>ne moment has that weeping eye 
lifted with a smothcr'd cry; 
I me look, one plteons, pleading prayer, 
'ii Israel's God!' And lie is there! 
A Hand has softly' loueh'd the Her; 
A voice hath reaehed the mourner's car, 

ireet, so kind, its heavenly calm, 
f!~ tunc of love like dropping balui; 
< >r that blest harp, so sweetly tuned, 
That soothed of old the spirit's wound.* 
'Weep not.' That Voice can rend the grave, 
That outstrctch'd Ann hath power to save. 

" Mother, receive again thy son, 
Thine own, thy loved, thine only one. 
See, » ith a deeper l.1 id n CSS now, 
Health Hushing o'er bis fair young br..w ; 
Marl, b iw his feet elastic tread 
Tlie paths where late they bore Dim dead I 
And Know that He, who bade him live, 




* 1 Sam. xvi. 'Si. 



Hath yet a richer boon to give: 

Life to the dead, the dead in sin, 

Life to the ruin'd soul within; 

Life flowing from the throne above; 

A river boundless as His love. 

The Hand that dried thy tears to-day, 

Forever wipcth tears away. 

Come ou to Him; the gift Divine, 

His grace, Himself, may all be thine. 

Come, for the proffer'd cup runs o'er; 

Drink, and thy soul shall thirst no more. 



ANECDOTES OIF" WILD 

.a. 3sr i nvn .a. l s , etc. 

[Continued.) 



IN his book on travels and researches iu South Africa, Dr. 
Livingstone gives the following anecdote about the 

MISSIONARY AND THE LION. 

" In the country of the Bechuauas, and ou the borders of 
tho Kalahari Desert, lies a fair and leafy valley and rich iu 
pasturage and good water. Possessing so many advantages the 
Doctor selected it as the site of a missionary station. The 
tribe inhabiting the valley are called the Bakatla, arjd they seem 
to be peaceful aud iudustrious people, and solely occupied in 
pastoral pursuits. 

"At the time that Dr. Liviugstone settled in the valley, the 
Bakatla were much harassed by lions, aud these formidable 
animals had grown so bold that not only did they break iuto the 
cattle pens by night and destroy the cows, but they eveu ven- 
tured on their predatory excursions in the open day. This was 
so unwonted an occurrence, that the Bakatla believed them- 
selves bewitched — ' given,' as they said, ' iuto the power of the 
lions by a neighboring tribe.' They resolved upon a grand 
expedition against the lions, but being a peaceful race returned 
home again without effecting any conquests. 

''Now, it appears to be a fact that when one in a troop of 
lions has been killed, the remainder quit the district, and betake 
themselves to some other locality. Consequently, when the 
natives summoned up courage for a new expedition, Dr. Liv- 
ingstone accompanied them, that he might encourage them to 
release themselves from the annoyance by destroying one of the 
marauders. 

"After traversing the grassy dale for a short distance, they 
found the lions reposing under the shelter of a clump of trees 
on a gentle acclivity. Immediately they drew a circle around 
the hill, and gradually closed up as they drew nearer and nearer 

to its base. 

"Livingstone remained below ou the level ground, in com- 
pauy with a native schoolmaster uamed Mebative. Surveying 
the scene with eager eyes, he descried a lion recumbent on a 
mass of rock within the ring of natives. He pointed the 
animal out to Mebative, who immediately fired, and the ball bit 
the rock ou which the animal was sitting. He bit at the spot 
chipped by tie; ball just as a dog does at a stick or stone flung 
at him, and then, with a leap and a bound, broke through the 
startled Bakatla, and escaped unhurt. The natives should have 
speared him as he attempted to get free, but trembled to attack 
lii ii. 

''After a little delay the cirele was reformed, and Dr. 
Livingstone saw two oilier linns within it, but was afraid to tire 
lest he should shoot any of the natives. The monsters dashed 
through the line, however, and the Bakatla again took 
to their heels in every direction. Our missionary therefore, 
Beeing that the men would not be induced to hold their ground, 
abandoned the enterprise, and began to retrace his route 
towards the village. 

"When winding round the Spur of the hill. Dr. Livingstone 




^ 



JUTBHILB IUSTBTJOTOR. 



67 



ssx 



a 




saw a lion — probably one of the animals he had noticed before 
— crouching on a rock, about ten paces off, with a small thorny 
bush in front of him. The missionary took a steady aim at 
him, and fired both barrels right through the bush — bang ! 
bang ! 

"The natives, excited and confused, exclaimed, ' He is shotl 
he is shot 1' Others hearing the second ball, and ignorant of 
the mysteries of a double-barrelled rifle, cried, ; He has been 
shot by another man too; let us go to him !' Seeing the lion's 
tail erected in auger, Livingstone called out, ' Stop a little till I 
load again.' While in the very act of ramming down the charge, 
he heard a loud and sudden shout, and looking half round, lo, 
the lion was in the act oi springiug upon him I He seized Dr. 
Liviugstone by the shoulder, and both weut to the ground 
together. 

"The lion growled most horribly, and shook his intended 
victim as a terrier shakes a rat. Yet, strange as it may seem, 
the Doctor says that his thoughts neither reverted to the past 
nor to the future; of his present peril he took no heed, for the 
shock had thrown him into a state of stupor. It was as if a 
dream had overmastered him; and though quite conscious of all 
that happened, he felt neither pain nor terror — -just as patients 
under the influence of chloroform see the operation but do not 
feel the quick agony of the knife. 

"Dr. Livingstone, however, was happily rescued from his 
formidable antagonist. Mebative, who was standing at a dis- 
tance often or fifteen yards, discharged both barrels at the lion, 
but his gun missed fire, and the animal, releasing his grasp of 
the missionary, turuei to attack his new foe. Another native 
made a bold attempt to spear the monster, who, roaring and 
champing, and infuriated by the number of his enemies, sud- 
denly sprang upon him and seized him by the shoulder. It 
was his last dying effort, for a moment afterwards the balls he 
had received took effect upon him, and he fell dead. Thus 
singularly, was Dr. Livingstone saved from what seemed cer- 
tain death." 

Mr. Cumming gives the following about 

HUNTING LIONS. 

"When stalkiug deer among the reedy marshes of the river 
Molopo, he suddenly observed two huge yellow lionesses, about 
a hundred and fifty yards to the left, walking along the border 
of the reeds, and in a direction parallel to his own. He then 
ran forward to a slight rise in the ground, from whence he 
could discern the course taken by the lionesses. In so doing he 
came suddenly upon them, and fired at the nearest, though 
having only one shot in his rifle. The ball told badly, aud the 
euraged lioness wheeled right round, aud dashed towards him, 
lashing her tail, showing her teeth and uttering that horrid, 
murderous, deep growl which indicates a lion's wrath. At the 
same luoniAit her comrade, who seemed better to know that 
she was in the presence of man, make a hasty retreat into the 
reeds. The instant the lioness came on, C'ummiug stood up to 
his full hight, holding his rifle, and his arms extended, aud 
high above his head. The novel sight arrested her rapid onset; 
but on looking rouud aud missing her comrade she 'became 
still more exasperated, aud made another forward movemeut, 
growling terribly. This was a moment of great danger. C'um- 
miug felt that his only chance of safety was extreme steadiness; 
so, standing motionless as a rock, with his eyes fixed firmly 
upon her, he called out in a clear commanding voice, ' Holloa 1 
old girl, what's the hurry? take it easy — holloa 1 holloa 1' 
Once more she halted, in apparent perplexity. Cumming, 
thinking 'discretion the better part of valor,' then concluded 
upon beating a retreat; retiring slowly, and talking to the 
lioness all the time. She seemed undecided as to her future 
movements, aud was gazing after the hunter, and snuffing the 
ground, when he last beheld her." 
O.i another occasion one of Cumming's attendants having 



reported to him the presence, iu the vicinity of his encamp- 
ment, of four majestic lions, he instantly prepared to do battle. 
For this purpose he saddled two horses, and directing his men 
to lead after him his small pack of dogs, rode gallantly forth. 
As soon as he gained the open ground, the four lions showed 
themselves on the river-bank, and, guessing that their first 
move would be a cowardly retreat, he determined so to ride 
that they should think he had not observed them, until he could 
cut them off from the river and the intermiuable forest beyoud. 
That point being gained, he knew that they, still doubting of 
his having observed them, would hold their ground on the 
river's bauk until his dogs came up, wheu he would more 
advantageously deliver his attack. 

"He cantered along, as if he intended to pass their leoniue 
majesties at a distance of a quarter of a mile, until he was 
oppposite to them, when he altered his course aud drew a little 
nearer. The lionaithen showed symptoms of uneasiness; they 
sprang to their feet, and, surveying the hunter for half a min- 
ute, disappeared over the bauk. They reappeared, however, 
directly afterwards, a little further down; and finding that their 
position was bare and uncovered, walked majestically along the 
ridge of the bank to a spot, a few hundred yards lower down, 
where the trees and brushwood offered a secure concealment. 
Here they seemed half inclined to wait the approach of their 
antagonist; two stretched out their massive fore-legs and lay 
down in the grass, and the other two sat up on their haunches 
like dogs. Deeming it probable that wheu the dogs came up, 
and he approached, they would still retreat aud make a bolt 
across the open grouud, Cumming directed his attendant Carey 
to ride forward aud take post in the centre of the plain about 
four hundred yards in advance, thus compelliug the lions either 
to give battle or swim the river, which latter alternative they 
are always unwilling to accept. They were all full-grown 
males; aud Mr. C. confessed that he felt a little nervous, aud 
uncertain as to what might be the issue of the attack. The 
dogs coming up, he rode straight at the foe. The lions sprang 
to their feet, and trotted slowly down along the river-bank, once 
or twice halting and facing about for half a minute. Immedi- 
ately below them the river took a sadden bend, and formed a sort 
of peninsula. Into tins bend they disappeared, and Cumming 
and the dogs were immediately in upon them. They had taken 
refuge iu a dense, leafy angle, thickly covered with trees aud 
reeds. The dogs rushed into the covert undismayed, barking 
loudly, aud provoking a terrible response iu the roar of the 
lions, which wheeled about and charged them right up to the 
edge of the opeu ground. The next momeut, they pluuged into 
the river, whereupon our huuter sprang from his horse, and, 
running to the top of the bauk, saw three of them ascending 
the other side, the dogs following. One of them bounded away 
across the open plain at full speed, the other two, fludiug 
themselves pursued by the dogs, immediately turned to bay. 
It was now the hunter's turn to act, and tiring at them coolly, 
right and left, he made the most glorious double shot that a 
sportsman could desire, disabling them both iu the shoulder 
before they were even aware of his position. Then snatching 
another gun from Carey, who had just ridden up to his assist- 
ance, he finished the first lion with a shot near the heart, and 
brought the second to the ground by disabling him iu his hiud- 
quarters. He dragged himself iuto a thick, dark-green bush, 
in whose shade it was for a long time impossible to obtain a 
glimpse of him. At length, a clod of earth falling near his 
hiding-place, he made a movement which revealed his position, 
and euabled Cumming to fire at him with fatal effect. The 
other lions escaped." 

(To be ron!hutcd ) 



Amoncj the ancient Romans, those that would be preferred 
before others in gentility wore little moons on their shoes. 





68 



CrTT^riElsriLIE iustbtjotob 










CEOSCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATUKDAY, APRIL 20, 1873. 




f!± 



E will now conclude the account of the 
Children's Concert, commenced in our last 
number. 

The children sang 

"Sunday School Song." 
Elder John Taylor was the next speak- 
er. He said it was pleasant to walk in the 
ways of the Lord, to have the Lord smile 
upon us, and to have Him for our friend. 
It was pleasant to cultivate the Spirit of 
Gol in our hearts. If the young did that it 
would assist them to grow up iu virtue, purity 
and holiness. It was pleasant to know that 
God is our Father, and that He will hear our 
cries. He had always believed that, and when 
he was a little boy, like many of those whom he was 
addressing, he used to retire to his closet, or go iiTto 
the fields aud among the bushes and call upon the 
Lord, and pray that He would preserve bim from 
sin aud guide him in paths of righteousness. In 
looking back he could remember years of happiness spent in 
thus seeking and trying to serve the Lord. The Lord would listou 
to aud preserve them if they would call upon Him, and iu no 
way could they grow to be happy men and women but by serv- 
ing God and keeping His commandments. They should be 
zealous for the truth, let it dwell iu their hearts, let no man 
root it out; they should never tell a falsehood under any cir- 
cumstances, to screen .themselves or anybody else. They were 
living in an important period, and the boys before him had a 
great work to do. They had been made acquainted with the 
principles of the gospel which had been revealed iu this age of 
the world through that great prophet Joseph Smith. Brigham 
Young, the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints, was also a prophet, seer and revclator, aud when 
they read his writings or heard his words they should heed 
them, for they were the words of God unto them. God had 
chosen him as the instrument to make known His will to the 
people of this Territory, and to the world. They should also 
heed the good advice they received from parents and teachers, 
and avoid all evil and foolish habits. Cod was establishing 
His Kingdom and Zion upon the earth. Zion meant the pure 
in hi art, aud her people must be pure in thought aud couduct. 
Youth was the time to cultivate purity, and if the children 
grew up pure before the Lord He would hear and answer their 
prayers, and give unto them the blessings which they desired, 
and would make them instruments in His hands in accomplish- 
ing His purposes. The teachers who devoted a portiou of their 
time tn teaching the children true principles aud the laws of 
life were engaged in as great a work as any people could be 
engaged in. They were exhorted to continue their labors, and 
earnest and fervent. In doing this God would bless 
them, and they would sue the fruits of their labors in genefa- 
tions to come. 

"I.oyc at Home" 
was next in the vocal portion of the exercises, after which a 
few remarks, explaining the origin of the present movement 
among the Sunday schools, were made by Elder George 



Goddard, when the children's voices again united, in singing 
"Beautiful Laud of Rest," 

after which came a short address from Elder Joseph P. Smith, 
of which the following is a synopsis: 

Children are born pure and free from sin. They are not 
contaminated and have no need of repentance until they begin 
to mingle with the things of the world. It would be a 
great blessing for those to whom his words were addressed if 
they were to grow up in purity and honesty of heart before 
God. One of the commauds given to the children of ancient 
Israel was "Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days 
may be long in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee." 
The Lord had given this people a good land, and if the children 
would but honor their parents and hearken to the counsels of 
the priesthood, there was no reason why they should not 
possess that laud. This course would also prepare them for 
usefulness aud their days might be long on the earth. In a few 
years the responsibility of bearing off the Kingdom of God on 
the earth would rest upou them, and to prepare them for the 
great duties awaiting them the aim of parents and teachers 
should be to train the children so that they might be full of 
faith, and have a disposition to continually seek the Lord by 
prayer. Exhorted parents ar>d preceptors of youth to preach 
the gospel to the rising generation by example as well as by 
precept, for precept had a far more powerful effect on the 
young mind when accompanied by practice. He prayed that 
the Lord of Hosts would bless all present, old and young, 
pupils aud teachers, and that they might be guided and 
preserved through this life, aud saved in everlasting habitations. 

Children sang 

" Remember the Poor." 

Elder George Q. Cannon then addressed them. There were 
a few things he would like to say to them. He hoped none of 
the boys present used tobacco in any way, or bad language, and 
that none of them, either boys or girls, ever told falsehoods, or 
did anything they knew to be wroDg. They never had done a 
wrong knowingly without feeling bad about it afterwards, and 
they never had told an untruth without being ashamed of it. 
They should learn in childhood never to do a thing that would 
bring a feeling of shame or condemnation. Children should 
never do that which they would not like their parents to know 
about. Sometimes people did things in secret which they would 
be ashamed to have knowu. This was wrong, and the young 
should make it a rule to let their actions be of such a character 
that when questioned about them by their parents they wculd 
not be ashamed to tell all about them. And if they had done 
wrong they had far better tell, if desired to do so, than to con- 
ceal it by lalschood. It was a mark of cowardice to conceal a 
wrong. No boy or girl ever told a lie unless they were 
cowards, for it was fear that prompted the falsehood. A 
parent or teacher could admire a child, even when he or she 
had doue wrong, if he or she would tell the truth about it, and 
express sorrow therefor. He wished he could impress upon 
the hearts of all present the necessity first, of refraining from 
every evil act; and second, if detected in doing wrong, n wr t > 
lie to conceal it. 

Children should never mingle with those whose conduct was 
iu any way questionable, and if any of their juvenile acquaint- 
ances were guilty of smoking, chewing, lying, stealing, or any 
other bad act, they should use all the influence they had to 
iuduce them to forsake their evil ways, and to win them from 
improper associations. Every boy and girl should be pure and 
chaste in words, thoughts and deeds. There were men now iu 
our streets who smoke, chew, swear, take the name of God iu 
vaiu and do other evil things. If boys were not warned they 
might be imitating these evils. He hoped all the boys in our 
Suuday schools refrained from the use of liquor and tobacco, 
and that none of them, either boys or girls, used either tea or 



~P 



ifc 




R 



J TJ "V EJ liT I Xj E IlTSTE,UCTOR. 



69 





coffee. There were some cases of smallpox in several places in 
the Territory, By and by there -would be other diseases of a 
contagious and fatal character going through the nations, but 
God, in these last days, had promised His people that if they 
would keep the Word of Wisdom the destroyer should pass 
them by, or if they were attacked the disease would be but 
light. He had known Elders go and administer a score of 
times in a day to parties afflicted with smallpox and other 
bad diseases without taking the diseases themselves; but they, 
in their lives, observed the requirements of God's word and 
exercised faith in His promises. He hoped the boys and girls 
of Utah would grow up so that when disease and death came 
along they might be preserved by the exercise of faith in God. 

"Have you spent a pleasant Day " 
was sung by the children, and the vocal exercises on the occa- 
sion closed with 

"Our Lovely Deseret," 

when the beuediction was pronounced by Elder Geo. Q. Cannon. 
The singing was conducted by Professor C. J. Thomas, and 
was well executed considering the small amount of time that 
had been occupied in rehearsal. We believe that steps will be 
taken at an early day to give a musical jubilee in the .New 
Tabernacle in ihis city, in which the Sabbath school children of 
the county will unite and participate. Ten thousand children 
might easily take; part in such a concert. The lalxr of 
rehearsal, so as to have such a large number siug together in 
unison, would be considerable, but the pleasure that would 
result from such labors would be worth the trouble. A festival 
of this kind would have an excellent effect upon the "children 
and, if properly conducted, would be the most delightful 
gathering that has ever taken place in this Territory. 



LOST IZtST T-fcHE S-EsTOA^. 

1 T is uo uncommon thing for persons to lose their way and 
_|_ their lives during the heavy snow storms that occasionally 

prevail on the prairies of this western country during the 
wiuter. Such melancholy occurrences have happened several 
times in Utah since its settlement by our people. 

The past wiuter, in many parts of the country, was one of 
the most severe ever know n, the thermometer in many places 
falling occasionally to between thirty and forty degrees below 
zero, indicating such intense cold as is very rarely experienced 
auywhere except in the arctic regions. Besides being so very 
cold, snow storms such as were hardly ever known before 
occurred in mauy regions outside of Utah. This was especially 
the case in Minnesota, where several hundred persons and 
many more animals lost their lives. One of these heavy storms 
lasted about three days, during the whole of that time the frost 
being awfully severe, the wind high, and the snow so thick as 
to almost darken the air in the daytime. While this lasted men 
out with their teams were buried in the snow and frozen to 
death; children on their way from school perished in the same 
way, when only a few rods from their homes; and some per- 
sons, short of luel, were frozen to death in their houses, so 
terrible was the cold. Never, perhaps, since this coutiuent 
was discovered and settled by white men has there been such a 
severe storm, and one in which so many human beings and 
animals lost their lives, and the great storm in Miunesota, iu 
the winter of 1872-3 will be remembered and referred to with 
feelings of sorrow and sadness for very many years to come. 

The beautiful little picture on this page illustrates an incident 
of this kind which took place iu the Far West last Jauuary, 
which we are now going to tell you about. This is not a story 
made up for children to read, but is an occurrence which really 
happened. Annie, niue years old, and Charlie, younger than 
she was, were on their way homewards from school, when one 
of these heavy snow storms came on, accompanied with a 

O 



strong wind, which blew the snow in every direction. Some of 
you have no doubt been out in a storm cf this kind, and 
have been very glad indeed to get into the house, and by 
the warm fireside. But unfortunately for Annie and Charlie — 
poor little things — they had quite a distance to walk, and there 
was perhaps not one house between the school and their home. 
They trudged bravely along for awhile; but at last they lost 
their way, and they sat down in a hollow to cry and rest. Here 
they would soon have been overcome with the cold, and would 
have known the sleep that knows no awakening, at least in this 
life; but the cry of Charlie— " Oh ! what shall we do? I'm 
so cold!" roused his sister and, clasping his hand in hers, she 
made another effort to find the path that led to their home. 
They walked alcng as well as they could in the blinding snow 
and fierce wind for a little while longer, and at last Annie 
thought she saw their house a little way off; but when they 
reached the spot, no house was there, and in the greatest dis- 
tress she cried, "The wind has blown the house away!" 




So weary that they could go no further, and benumbed and 
chilled, the children sank down on the snow, and there can be 
no doubt that they would have been frozen to death in a very 
short time, but oh, joy to relate, their father, alarmed for their 
safety, had got some neighbors to come with him to hunt for 
them, and a kind Providence directed their steps in the right 
direction, for just after the poor children had given in through 
fatigue, their father and his neighbors reached the spot where 
they were and rescued them. 

You may be sure the meeting was a most happy one. It 
was hard to tell whether the father or his children were the 
mo'st delighted. They were not far from home, and in a few 
minutes they were safe within its sheltering walls, and when, 
with the atteutiou and kindness of their mother, Annie and 
Charlie had fully recovered from the effects of their narrow 
escape from death in the storm, the joy of parents and children 
can be better imagined than described. 





CTTT^IEILTIILjIE iustbuctor. 




questions .a-zlstid j±j>t- 

saate^s oust the book: 

of :m:o:r,:m:o:n\ 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 




LESSON XXI. 

Q. — At what time did he write of thi9 ! 

A. — When three hundred and twenty years according to their 
reckoning had passed. 

Q. — To whom did he deliver the plates ! 

A. — To his brother Chemkh. 

Q. — Who kept them after Chemlsh. 

A. — His sou Abinadom. 

y — What does Abinadom say about himself? 

A. — Tuat he had seen much war and contention and with his own 
sword had killed many Lamanites in the defense of his brethren. 

Q. — What did he say about other records of the Nephites ? 

A. — That there were others engraven upon plates which were kept 
by the kings. 

Q. — What were they called ? 

A. — Jarom calls them the other plates of Nephi. 

I}. — What was engraved upon them ? 

A. — The record of the wars. 

Q. — Who had charge of the plates after Abinadom ? 

A. — His son Amelcki. 

Q.— Of what king does he give us an account ? 

A. — Of Mosiah. 

y. — What remarkable event happened in the days of Mosiah ? 

A. — He and the people who would listen unto the voice of the Lord 
fled from the land of Nephi. 

y.— Why did they flee ? 

A. — Because Mosiah was warned of the Lord to do so. 

y. — Where were the}' commanded to go? 

A. — Into the wilderness. 

y. — In what manner were they led through the wilderness ? 

A. — By the word and power of God. 

Q.— What land did they finally reach ? 
The land of Zarahemla. 

lesson XXII. 

Q — Were there uny inhabitants in the land ? 

A. — Yes; the people of Zarahemla. 

I,).— Who were they I 

A. — A people whose fathers came out from Jerusalem at the 
time that Zedekiah, King of Judali, was carried awav captive into 
Babylon. 

y. — How did they reach this continent? 

A. — They were brought by the hand of the Lord across the occau. 

y. — Were any of the sons of Zedekiah with them ? 

A. — One of his sons named Mulek. 

y. — What are we told in the Book of Mormon became of the other 
sons of Zedekiah? 

A. — That they were all slain. 

Q. — Who was led out from Jerusalem first, Lehi or Mulek V 

A.— Lehl 

Q. — How do wc know that Lehi left first? 

A. — Because Zedekiah was reigning at Jerusalem when he left 
there. 

y.— Ho you recollect another evidence ? 

A.— Lehl was living on this continent when he told his people that 
he had seen a vision by which he knew that Jerusalem was des- 
troyed. 

y.— How did the people of Zarahemla feel at being discovered by 
Mosiah and his people ? 

A. — They rejoiced exceedingly. 

(;.— What record did Mosiah and his people carry with them ? 

Q. — The record of the Jews on the plates of brass. 

y. — hid the people of Zarahemla bring any records with them ? 

A. — No, they did not. 

y.— hid they have any faith in their Creator? 

A.- No, they denied His being. 

y. — What was the condition of their language! 

A. — It had become corrupted. 

( To be continued. | 



qtjestioits -a-zlstid -a.2>r- 
s~we:r,s oust the 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XXI. 

Subject— Jacob's Familt. 

Q. — What was the name of Jacob's uncle ? 

A. — La ban. 

y. — How many daughters had Laban ? 

A — Two. 

y. — What were their names ? 

A. — Leah and Rachel. 

y. — Which of these did Jacob love ? 

A. — Rachel. 

y. — How long did he serve Laban for her? 

A. — Seven years. 

Q. — When the seven years expired which of the daughters did 
Laban give to Jacob ? 

A. — Leah. 

y.— Why did he give Leah ? 

A. — Because she was the elder. 

y. — How long did Jacob serve for Rachel ? 

A. — Another seven years 

y. — What were the names of Jacob's other wives ? 

A. — Biihah and Zilpah. 

y. — Who were they ? 

A. — The handmaids of Rachel and Leah, given to them by Laban 
their father, 

y. — How many sons did Jacob have? 

A. — Twelve. 

y. — What was the name of the eldest ? 

A. — Reuben. 

y. — What was the name of the youngest ? 

A. — Benjamin. 

y. — What was the name of Leah's daughter? 

A. — Dinah. 

lesson xxir. 
Subject— Jacob's Rktukx to Canaan. 

y. — Who told Jacob to return to the land of his father? 

A.— The Lord. 

y. — Where was Laban when Jacob left? 

A. — Gone to shear his sheep. 

y. — Why did Jacob leave without letting Laban know ? 

A. — Because Laban wanted to retain his services. 

y. — Why did Laban want Jacob to stay with him ? 

A. — Because he had learned by experience that the Lord had blessed 
him for his sake. 

y. — After Lalian had pursued Jacob seven days what did the Lord 
tell Laban in a dream ? 

A. — To speak not to Jacob cither good or bad. 

y. — After Laban had talked with Jacob and made a covenant with 
him, what did lie do before lie departed ? 

A. — He kissed his sons and his daughters and blessed them. 

(J. — To whom did Jacob send presents of cattle? 

A. — To his brother Esau. 

Q. — For what purpose ? 

A. — To appease his wrath. 

y. — With whom did Jacob wrestle? 

A. — An angel. 

y. — What name did the angel give *.o Jacob ? 

A. — Israel. 

y. — How many men did Esau have with him ? 

A. — Four hundred. 

Q.— How oid Esau treat Jacob? 

A. — He ran to meet him and embraced him and fell on his neck and 
kissed him and tncy wept. 

y.— Who died at Bethlehem? 

A.— Rachel. 

y. — How old was Isaac when he died ? 

A.— One hundred and eighty years. 

y. — Who buried him ? 

A. — His sons Esau and Jacob. 

( To be continued. ) 





JTJTB1TILB I1TSTRUCTOB, 



71 




[For the Juvenile Instructor- 



{§Bemt$1«M of Santntan. 



&ns. 



n: e ^k. T.-nsr o. 3. 



& 



^ 



WHAT a wonderful thing is beat I by its means many solids 
are made fluids and some fluids are made solids; some 
metals are changed into earths (ores) and ores are reduced to 
the state of metals; even life is dependant upon it, so far as 
we are acquainted with life iu organized beings, and all the 
phenomeua attendant upon vital action are manifestations result- 
ing from its operations. That heat plays an important part in 
reference to the chemical lorce is well understood, whether it is 
the cause of that force, or the effect is not so well known. 
Mercury (the metal quicksilver) combines with oxygen at one 
temperature, forming an oxide, an earthy substance. At a higher 
temperature oxygen is separated and the metal is set free, the 
earthy substance again becomes mercury and oxygen; but light 
will produce similar changes, the sub-oxide of mercury exposed 
to light, is converted into red oxide of that metal and metallic 
mercury. Many substances have the property of behaving iu a 
similar manner; others are entirely volatilized by heat and 
changed into gases, ex. gr. sulphur and charcoal, which have no 
tendency to combine with oxygen at ordinary temperatures; by 
exposure to great heat they undergo combination, producing 
gaseous compounds, as sulphurous and carbonic acids. 

But it is the combustion of these bodies that gives rise to the 
hjat, not by creation, for the heat has existence in another 
state that cannot be perceived by our senses, it is there, ready 
to manifest itself in obedience to the natural laws. It is 
developed by or derived from those bodies by their decomposi- 
tion the violent and rapid motion of the particles of those 
bodies among themselves producing the phenomenon of heat, 
and of light also if the rapi^i y of motion is iucreased suffi- 
ciently. 

Great attention is being paid to the subject of heat in con- 
nection with life, especially by a class of scientific inquirers who 
would be pleased to dispense with Deity as the source of life. 
We, as Latter-day Saints, can have no sympathy with reasoners 
of this class; but it is well to notice the results of investigations 
made by them, without being influenced by their conclusions, 
as many very valuable facts are recorded that are worth know- 
ing. As remarked at a late meeting in this city where the sub- 
ject of education wa3 discussed : 

" A little knowledge is a dangerous tiling; 
Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring. " 

The danger of scientific investigation is only when men want 
to prove the non-existence of the Creator by showing the 
exquisite harmony, perfection and simplicity of His works ; to 
prove that unity of design and the highest order in execution 
are evidences of there being no Designer ! 

Now, although heat is invariably a concomitant of life, it is 
reasonable to believe that the chemical forces are set in motion 
by the vital, they possess the faculty of producing heat; even a 
candle has to be lighted; chemical action does not take place 
unless bodies, frequently dissimilar in their nature, are brought 
together in a manner favorable to chemical union. Organic 
beings have this power of generating heat, except when life 
ceases, when heat is only produced by decompi sition. The 
energy that causes the nerves to act is something different to 
mere heat, although heat accompanies the nerve movement, as 
it does the movement of the muscles. And yet physiologists 
will assert that "heat is the source of motion in the system, 
that heat can be transformed into nervous activity, that mind 
itself should be regarded as engendered by heat." Even this 

P 



kind of reasoning should not lead to the infidelity that charac- 
terizes the scientific literature of the day, for God is the author 
of light, and heat which is only another form of light, as well 
as the author of life. This appears to be the conclusion of the 
mighty in the new philosophy, but their inferences are incorrect, 
and, at the best, would lead us to sun worship. To use the 
words of M. Papillon : " Whence comes this heat developed 
by chemical phenomena in the living system ? It comes from 
aliments which, in the last resort, are all drawn from plants, 
and they have borrowed it from the sun. When the veget- 
ables, whose combustion takes place within the animal, throw 
off a certain amount of potential energy, as heat, they do 
but transmit to it a force which the sun has supplied them with. 
It is, then, a portion of solar radiation, stored up at first by the 
plant, which the animal makes disposable and converts to use. 
* * Thus we may say, with exact truth, 
the sun is the inexhaustible source, it is the perpetual spring 
of life. * * * Keason completes the instruc- 

tions of its long experience by harmonious agreemeut with the 
simple aud natural sentiment felt by the first of men, when for 
the first time they looked on the splendor of the day." 

We may be thankful, children, that we have revelation as 
well as reason to enable us to penetrate further into the veil 
thrown over the works of our Father than such philosophy. 

Beth. 



H T 



s t o :r, t of 

OHURO H. 
{Continued.) 



THE 



AMONG other difficulties with which the Saiuts at Winter 
Quarters had to contend there was sickness of a serious 
character. The want of vegetables, and the poor diet to which 
they were confined, had the effect to produce scurvy or " black- 
leg" as it was called there. The limbs would swell, become 
black and the flesh be very sore. There was much sufferiug 
and many deaths from this disease. Potatoes, brought from 
Missouri, had au excellent effect in checking and curing the 
disease. Above Winter Quarters some miles there had been 
au old fort, which had beeu abandoned sometime. There 
horse radish was discovered growing. It proved a great boon 
to the sick at Winter Quarters, as it was a most excellent anti- 
dote for scurvy. 

The Indians were troublesome in taking and killing stock, and 
au Indian war might easily have been provoked in consequence, 
had the people beeu disposed to have one. But President 
Young took great pains in instructing the people as to the just 
aud proper manner to treat Indians, and also iu cultivating the 
spirit of friendship in the Indians themselves. When it is 
considered that the Saints were living on Indian land, and in 
the midst of tribes with whom Government had made no 
treaties for the possession of their couutry, it is wonderful that 
so little difficulty occurred. But it has always beeu the policy 
of the leading men who possess the spirit of Zion to treat the 
Iudians with proper consideration and kindness; in fact, to 
treat them as human beings having all the rights and feelings 
of men. The result has been that, when their counsel has beeu 
carried out, peace has prevailed and the rod men have felt they 
were uot entirely abandoned to be robbed or taken advautage 
of by the whites. Iudiau nature does not differ so much 
from white men's nature that they cannot appreciate kindness 
and fair treatment. 

During the dreary winter spent by the Saints at Winter 
Quarters, Presideut Young and those engaged with him in 
presiding made it their study to devise means of employment 
for them, knowing that they would be more contented and 
happy if kept constantly at work, than if allowed to be idle. 






% 




72 



J TJ "V IE IN" I L B I1TSTRUCTOR. 





The old adage, "An idle mau's brain is the Devil's workshop," 
is nowhere better illustrated than in a settlement or community 
of men, who might under other circumstances be industrious, 
good citizens, when thrown entirely out of employment. In 
such a case, for some reason, the idle braius are often occupied 
with that which tends to evil rather than good — slandering and 
back-bitiug, jealousy and contention. In directing the labors 
of the camp President 1'ount displayed the same wisdom and 
foresight which had so prominently marked his career from the 
time of the death of the Piophet Joseph Smith. A grist mill 
was projected, not because the Saints expected that they would 
occupy the site of Winter Quarters permanently and reap any 
great benefit or profit from the use of the mill, but rather 
because if some such employment as the building of it could not 
be found for the men during the winter they would be idle, and 
as President Young expressed it, if the Saints did not reap any 
material benefit from it, the Iudians, whose lands they then 
occupied, probably would. In addition to the building of the 
mill and the digging of the race for it, and providing shelters 
for their families, a council house was built in which to hold 
meeting etc., and the manufacture of willow baskets, wash- 
boards, half-bushel measures, etc., was entered into quite 
extensively. These were the only manufactures that could be 
engaged in with any certainty of a return for their labors. 
Such wares they hoped to be able to sell in the settlements of 
Missouri when Spring opened. To prevent the Saints from 
becoming cool and indifferent in regard to their religion the 
greatest vigilance was enjoined upon the Bishops in watching 
over those over whom they presided. Meetings were ofteu 
held, and the people put throu-.li a course of systematic drilling 
to impress upon them the necessity of living near unto God as 
they were about to venture forth to seek out and make new 
homes in a laud with which they W( re totally unacquainted, and 
in journeying to which they must look to God tor guidance. 
As a result of the effort made to stir them up to diligence and 
the great wisdom displayed in the government of the camp, it 
Was a model for good order and peaceful, harmonious regula- 
tions. While those presiding exerted themselves to promote 
the spiritual welfare of the Saints they did not show a disposi- 
tion to deprive them of enjoyment; ou the contrary they 

aged recreation of an innocent nature. After the com- 
pletion of the Council House arrangements were made for a 
number of dancing parties and festivals to bo held in it, and 

Preri 1 hi Young pro] 1 t > show them how to go forth in 

the dance in a manner acceptable before the Lord. He did so 
by offering Dp prayer to God at the opening and closing of the 

i MS and permitting only modest deportment and decorum 
throughout. The organization of companies for the journey 
was proceeded with and all things were got in readiness for 
• • impanies to start as soon as the weather and the supply of 

tiiijht be considered favorable. Arrangements were also 
made to have as man; as possible of the Saints in the small 
brand red throughout the different States fit them- 

selves out with teams and follow od. They could not hope to 
raise teams sufficient to transport the Saintswith their lugga 

provisions to last them a year, their Beed grain and tann- 
ing utensils a' one trip, but President Young presented a plan 
which ifcarri d out in the right spirit would have the desired 
effect. That was for those who could fit themselves out well 
for the trip, or lie fitted out by their friends who should remain, 
to proceed as pioneers to th mountains prepared to raise- a crop 
I .r the sustenance of them- Ives and those who should follow, 
and on their arrival at their destination return as many teams 
as possible to assist on thot ing behind. Uy pursuing 

this system of co-operation it was thought the widows and 
fatherless as also the destitute families of the men who had 

in the battalion could be assisted to Zion without having 
n the p iorcst of them were neglected, 
To be continued. 



rtrjittal iPoeftuj, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



BABY 



LE_£-.!R,"r>ri:iSrC3- 

BEAD. 



•TO 



My baby brother is learning to read, 
You shall hear how he docs proceed; 
lie has learned the alphabet very well, 
And seems to think he can read and spell, 
lie picks out the letters n'.ul speaks the same, 
Then looks at the picture to guess the name. 
This morning I heard hiui — " t-r double e," — 
Looks at the picture — "rosebush" said he; 
' F-l-y — bug — w-o-l-f — fox — 
B-u-f-f-a-1-o — papa's big ox, — 
II-c-n — chicken— p i-g — hog, — 
W-r-c-n — bird on a log, — 
K-i-d — old Cherry's calf." 
At this point I began to laugh. 
lie was much offended first, but "bcc, 
I know I reads- it right," said he. 
\ cry amusing it is indeed, 
To listen to our baby read. 



Lux A. 



nyC "Y" THREE LITTLE 
TEXTS. 



I nni very young and little, 
I atn only just turned two, 

And I can not learn long chapters, 
As my elder sisters do. 

But I know three little verses. 
That mamma has taught me, 

And I say them every morning, 
As I stand beside her knee. 

The lirst is, "Thou God secst mo." 
Is not that a pretty text? 

And " Suffer the little children 
To come unto mo," is next. 

But the last one is the shortest, 

It is only " God is love," 
Mow kind He is In sending us 

Such sweet verses from above! 

lie knows the chapters I can't learn, 
So I think He sent those three 

Short, easy texts on purpose. 
For little ones like me. 



Selected. 



J"U^TE3STILE I1TSTRUGTOR 

Ib published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHEB SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON. EDITOR <*. PUBLISHER. 

T Kit MS IN ADVANCE 
tfinyle Copy, per Annum $1 U(J. 

;-' lii-.i II liroilKllt to this City for tile .ICVBNUiB iNSTIirCTOII will 

be received al the office of our paper Dbseret News Buildings, 




