

An illustrated Magax^ 

ggk DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. d$ 

George Q. Cannon, Editor. 




]\o. :t. 



CONTENTS: Vol. 19. ' 




i c 



A Faithful Animal. I ll.i-n ated.) 

Work, by W.J. 

A Sketch of Pioneer Life, by R. C. Atwood. 

History of the Church. 

NightScenes in a Great City, by Kennon. 

Topics of the Times, by The Editor. 

Winter, i.y .!•('. 

Editorial Thoughts. 

Fatlma Akar, v l I lust r;ii <•'!. by Newaygo. 






h 



Lord jVelson. 

Interesting Incidents. 

Faith and Infidelity Contrasted, by J.H.W. 

Savape Politeness, by Rob, \V. Sloan. 

Chapter for the Little Ones. 

Deseret s. S. Union Meeting;. 

Sacrament Prayer, Words and Music by E' 

Stephens. 
Enigma. Q,T 

ml 



Published by George Q. Cannon, 

AT SALT LAKE CITY, U. T. 
Office, South Temple St., between First and Second West Sts. 











CQM' ^0'. ' ' ft fc, S. , i,' 



JUST RECEIVED 

AT THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE, AND 

FOR SALE CHEAPER THAN AT ANY 

OTHER PLACE IN TOWN. 

HANDSOME PICTURE BOOKS, suitable for holiday presents, at prices 

ranging from 10 cts. to $3.00. 
THE POETS, red-line edition, in elegant gilt binding. Very appropriate for 

holiday presents. 
FAMILY BIBLES, illustrated, in handsome, durable binding. 
AUTOG-RAPH ALBUMS, in many ditferent styles, from 10 cts. each upwards. 
POCKET BOOKS in almost endless variety, from 10 cts. to $4.00 each. 
MARK TWAIN'S SCRAP BOOKS, in various sizes and styles. 
RUBBER POCKET INKSTANDS AND PENHOLDERS, the best and 

cheRDest 

AUTOMATIC PENCELS, the handiest ever invented for carrying in the 

pocket. 
8MALL RECORDS, in leather binding, designed especially for keeping a 

daily journal in, in many styles and sizes. 
BLANK BOOKS of all kinds, from the smallest memorandum up to large, 

full-bound ledgers. 
INDELIBLE PENCILS, suitable for marking linen. 
LEAD PENCILS, from Faber's, Dixon's and other noted manufactories, from 

the cheapest to the very best. 
WRITING PAPER, in all the different sizes, and of varied quality and price. 
WRITING FLUIDS AND COPYING INKS, from Arnold's, Sanford's, 

Goddard's, etc*, in all sized bottles. 
PENS, Gillott's Esterbrook's etc., of all grades, by the box or loose. 
PAPETERIE, in many different sizes and styles. 
ENVELOPES of all sizes and styles. 
WEDDING CARDS, with envelopes to match, in many different styles. Can 

be printed on short notice if desired. 
AUTOMATIC BOOK AND SHAWL STRAPS, a very handy invention, 35 
to 50 cts. each. 
REWARD CARDS for Sunday or day schools, from the cheapest to the most 

elaborate and handsome. 
PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, (our own make), suitable for students to write their 

exercises in, or for any person to take minutes of meetings in. Paper 

good for either pen or pencil writing. Ruled, 20 cts., plain, 15 cts. 



PARTIAL. CATALOGUE 
OF 

CHURCH PUBLICATIONS 

FOR SALE AT THE 



Salt Jjdke City, Utah, 



BOOK OF MORMON, with references, Roan, 1.75; Calf grain gilt, 2.50; 

Morocco, extra gilt, $3.00. 
DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references, Cloth, 1.00 ; Leather, 1.25, 

Calf grain, gilt, $2.50; Morocco, extra gilt, $3.00. 
SPENCER'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the 

Church, Cloth, $1.00; Roan, $1.25; Calf grain, gilt, $1.60; Morocco, gilt, $2.25. 
KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 75cts.; 

Roan, $1.00; Calf grain, $1.50; Morocco, gilt, $2.00. 

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE, Paper, 30 cts.; Boards, 40 cts.; Cloth, 50cts.; Cloth 
gilt, 60 cts. 

DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY? discussion between Elder 
O. Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which is added three discourses on 
celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, George A. Smith and George Q. 
Cannon, 25cts. 

A REVIEW of the Decision of the Supreme Court of the U. S. in the case ol 

Geo. Reynolds, by Geo. Q. Cannon, 25cts. 
FRUITS OF MORMONISM, by A. M. Musser; 25cts. 

THE MORMON QUESTION, correspondence between Vice President Schuy- 
ler Colfax and President John Taylor, lOcts. 

DEATH OF PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG, with sketches of his life and 
labors, lOcts. 

DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, its 
faith and teachings. A 24 page tract, by Elder John Morgan, 40cts. per 
dozen. 

THE PLAN OF SALVATION, a tract of 24 pages, by Elder John Morgan, 
40cts. per dozen. 

FIRST BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 10 et*. 
SECOND BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 20 cts. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, 10 cts. 

MY FIRST MISSION, a narrative of personal experience as a missionary 
upon the Sandwich Islands, containing an account of the Introduction of 
the gospel to the Hawaiian people, interesting description of their cus- 
toms, etc., by Elder George Q. Cannon, 25cts. 

A STRING OF PEARLS, containing the following interesting sketches 
embracing a variety of subjects, and written by a number of well-known 
authors, among whom are President John Taylor, the late Elder W. C. 
Staines, and others: Among the Poncas; Anecdotes of Elder J. M. Grant' 



War Hill; Sign Seeking; Missionary Incidents; Journey Across the Plains; Stortj 
of a Hat; A Prophesy and Us Fulfillment; Guided by Providence; Fulfillment 
of Promise; You Shall not be Confounded; An Effective Plea; A Life Sketch; 
Oases of Miraculous Uniting; Answer to Prayer; Joseph Smith's First Prayer, 
25cts. 

LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL, by President W. Woodruff, sketches 
of his wonderful missionary experience, and the most interesting inci- 
dents of his life, together with his testimony concerning the ministrations 
of the Holy Spirit, 25cts. 

GEMS FOR THE YOUNG FOLKS, Sketches of personal experience 
etc., by Bishops A. A. Kimball, Benjamin Brown, Elder H. G. Boyle and 
others, embracing the following: Finding a Father; Saved by Prondence; 
Warnings of the Spirit; Robert Hamilton; How Success is Gained; Help in 
Time of Need; Overcoming Diffidence; The Lord will Provide; Dialogue on 
Religion; Testimonies for the Truth, 25cts. 

JACOB HAMBLIN, a narrative of his personal experience, as a frontiersman, 
missionary to the Indians and explorer, disclosing interpositions of 
Providence, severe privations, perilous situations and remarkable escapes, 
35cts. 

FRAGMENTS OF EXPEBIENCE, the Sixth book of the Faith-Promoting 
Series, a collection of sketches by a number of well-known authors, 
among whom are Presidents Anson Call, W. W. Cluff and William Budge, 
Bishop L. D. Young and others, 25cts. 

PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," a narrative of the principal incidents in the 
career of one of the most remarkable men of the age, including an 
account of the introduction of the gospel into Great Britain— an intensely 
interesting volume, 25 cts. 

EARLY SCENES.IN CHURCH HISTORY, the eighth book of the "Faith- 
Promoting Series," a collection of incidents from the lives of Elders of 
the Church in early days, showing how the power of God has been dis- 
played in scores of instances in behalf of the Saints in healing the sick, 
etc. It includes the following sketches: Show us a Sign; Contest with Evil 
Spirits; Early Experience of A. O. Srnool; Scenes in the British Mission; Re- 
markable Healings; Philo Dibble's Narrative; 25 cts. 

THE LIFE OF NEPHI, The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from Jerusalem, 
in Judea, to the land which is now known as South America, about six 
centuries before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. Cannon, of the 
First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Siints. 
Ninth Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Published and for sale 
at this Office. Price 25 cents. 

SCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth Book of the Faith -Promoting 
Series, containing some very Interesting items from the Journals of 
Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel Knight. Price per copy 25 
cents. 

INTEMPERANCE; an Appeal to the Youth of Zion, 24 pages, paper cover, 
5 cents. 

JAQUES' CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN, stiff covers, 15cts.; cloth gilt, 30ets.; 

HYMN BOOK, Sixteenth Edition, Roan, 75cts.; Calf grain, $.1.00; Calf grain, 
gilt, $1.10; Morocco, extra gilt, $1.65. 

"MORMON" DOCTRINE, Plain and Simple, or Leaves from the Tree of Life 
an explanation of the principles of the Gospel in twelve tersely written 
chapters, followed by an original poem and an appendix giving scriptural 
references for all the subjects treated upon in the body of the work. A 
handy volume for anyone, 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE MORMON BATTALION, by Sergeant D. Tyler, a com- 
plete account of the experience of that renowned body of men, together 
with the causes that led to their enlistment, and various other matters of 
interest. A most important and interesting history. Cloth, $2.50; 
leather, 3.00 ; morocco, gilt, $4.25. 

BAPTISM FOR THE RFMISSION OF SINS, a four-page Tract, by Elder 
C. H. Bliss, %ct. each. 

IS: BAPTISM ESSENTIAL TO SALVATION? a tract of 4 pages, by C. H. 
Bliss, % cent each. 

THE YEAR OF JUBILEE, a report of the proceedings at the Fiftieth 
Annual Conference of the Church 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE SEVENTIES, by Joseph 
Young, Sen., 25cts. 

CATECHISM CARDS— Restoration ol the Gospel, first xTincipJes of the 
Gospel; The Book of Mormon; The Word of Wisdom; John the Baptist; 
The First Commandment; Angels; Self-Denial; Reward; Chapter on Prayer; 
Wisdom; The Knowledge of God; Love for One Another; Love of God; 
Prayer; The Third Commandment; Cards containing the Articles of Faith; 
The blessings on the Bread and Wine; and the Ten Commandments, 
Price, let. each, or $1.00 per 100. 

A VOICE FROM" THE MOUNTAINS, a Testimony of the Truth of the 
Gospel as Revealed to Joseph Smith, 24 pages, paper cover, 10 cents: 

THE MODERN PROPHET, a 24-page tract, by Elder John Nicholson, 3 cts. 

POEMS, religious, historical and political, by Eliza R. Snow, Vol. 1, cloth, 
60cts.; cloth, gilt, 75cts.; morocco, gilt, $2.25; Vol. 2, cloth $1.00; cloth, gilt, 
$1.25; calf, gilt, $2.00; morocco, gilt, $2.25. 
GLAD TIDINGS OF ( : REaT JOY, an 8-page tract, 1 cent each. 

MILLENNIAL STAR, Vols. 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40 and 41, $2.00 per vol. 
THE MARTYRS, by Lyman O. Littlefield, 50 cts. 

VOICE OF WARNING, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 50 cts; Leatheret, 65cta.; 

Calf" grain, $1.10; Morroco, extra gilt, $175. 
ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD, by President John Taylor, lOcts. 
BOOK OF ABRAHAM, its authenticity established, by Geo. Reynolds, 25cts. 
THE UTAH PIONEERS, celebration of the entrance of the pioneers into 
Great Salt Lake Valley, etc., lOcts. 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1884. 



NO. 



A FAITHFUL ANIMAL. 



A FEW years ago there lived on the shore of the Atlantic 
Ocean in the State of Maine, a fisherman whose poverty 
daily compelled him to follow his avocation upon the water 
in order to sustain his wife and little son. As a protector of 
his loved ones at home he had a large, strong dog, whose 
fidelity to the family had, on more than one occasion, been 
proved. 

One day the little boy, as was his custom, walked down to 
the water's edge to look for his father. Not seeing the object 
of his search 
he commenced 
to throw stones 
into the water, 
watching with 
joyful interest 
the ripples 
they made. 
But alas! he 
thoughtlessly 
came too close 
to the bank, 
made a mis- 
step and fell 
into the briny 
fluid. He ut- 
tered a cry of 
distress, but 
no person was 
near to answer; 
still, relief was 
at hand, for 
t h e faithful 
dog, who was 

within sound of the child's voice, rushed to the shore, and 
behold iug the form of his little master being quickly borne 
away by the tide, plunged into the water and rescued his 
almost lifeless companion. 

Reaching the shore he carefully laid the child across his 
fore-legs and set up such a piteous howl that the mother's 
attention was soon called. She hastened in the direction 
from whence the sound came, and, to her horror, discovered 
what had happened. Hastily, though tenderly, was the little 




boy carried home, and with proper care, was soon out of all 
danger. Among those who were grateful for the child's res- 
toration, none seemed more pleased than the faithful animal 
who had rescued him from a watery grave. 

Many are the incidents related in regard to the dog, his 
sagacity and faithfulness when attached to anyone. A French 
writer of some experience relates the following of how smug- 
glers, living near the sea-shore in France , caused their dogs 
to perform their nefarious work: 

"At night 
these animals 
were laden, 
each with a 
parcel of goods 
proportioned 
to its size; ex- 
cept one alone, 
who was their 
leader, and 
went without 
any burden, 
The crack of a 
whip was the 
signal for them 
to set out. The 
leader traveled 
a little distance 
before the rest; 
and if he per- 
ceived the 
traces of any 
stranger, he 
returned to the 

other dogs; these either took a different way, or, if the danger 
was pressing, concealed themselves behind the hedges, and 
lay close till the patrol had passed. When they arrived at 
the habitation of their master's associate, they hid themselves 
in the neighboring fields and hedges, while their leader went 
to the house and scratched at the door or barked till he was 
admitted, when he lay quietly down, as at home: by this 
the smuggler knew that the caravan was come; and, if the 
coast was clear, he went out, when he gave a loud whistle, 





34= 



CTTT^IE IN" I LIE IITSTRUOTOE,. 




and the dogs came running to him from their several hiding 
places." 

Sir Henry Lee of the English aristocracy, during his life 
owned a mastiff who saved both the master and his property. 
A servant had formed the design of murdering Sir Henry and 
of then robbing the house. The night for the consummation 
of the act arrived. The owner retired, as usual, to rest, and 
his dog, whom he had seldom noticed, followed him and 
ensconced himself under the bed. There he remained until 
the unfaithful servant stealthily approached the bed to accom- 
plish his hellish design, when the dog flew at and held him 
fast. The would-be murderer was thus secured, and after- 
wards acknowledged the intent of his heart in entering his 
master's room. 

That dogs can be trained to act in various ways as though 
possessed of almost human intelligence, has been proven to 
many who have witnessed the performances of the many 
trained dogs which are exhibited in various places. And even 
with very little care and attention the dog can be made very 
useful in numerous ways. 



WORK 



BY W. .T. 




WORK is action. Action is life. Inaction is death. The 
flowing stream is active, filled with life, and is life giving 
and life-sustaining in its nature. The stagnant pool is inactive, 
and sends forth a death-dealing miasma. The normal condi- 
tion of nature is action, progress — either to perfection or 
decomposition. Mortal man is governed by the same law. 
Action is necessary to his progress — his life depends on it. 
Just conceive an entirely inactive man. This, strictly speak- 
ing, may be pronounced an impossibility, because while life 
exists, action goes on in him independent of the exercise of 
his own will; and action depending on his will may not 
entirely cease : this may also be declared equally impossible; 
but the conception may be extended sufficiently to illustrate 
the point in question. Let the arm be allowed to remain 
inactive, never moving or using it for any purpose, and it 
would shrink, wither and die. Let the brain be unused 
— not exercised even as the brute brain is exercised in 
the matter of securing support or protection, and in process 
of time what better would it be, or how much more intel- 
ligent, than any other mass of matter which helps to form the 
human system ? The same law is applicable to other mem- 
bers of the body. Action, therefore, is essential to the exist- 
ence and usefulness of limb, brain and body — they must per- 
form their legitimate functions, or weakness, decay and death 
ensue. 

Work is a necessity of our probative condition. Let man 
cease to work, let the toiling millions of Adam's race stop 
their use of brain and muscle, and what an indescribable condi- 
tion of things would soon exist? Agriculture would cease. 
Manufactures would stop. Commerce would be unknown. 
The cheerful hum of busy industries would be unheard. The 
depopulation of a beautiful earth would follow. And what 
good would such an earth be, traveling in its orbit without an 
inhabitant? But such a condition will not exist. The earth 
was made for man. Man was made for the earth. He 
draws his support from it and beautifies it. Work is essential 



to his being. He has performed it, and will continue to do 
so in fulfillment of the law of his being. 

"There is no excellence without labor." The young man 
should not deceive himself with the belief that he can 
reach eminence without it. His being born with the pro- 
verbial "silver spoon in his mouth" might help him, but he 
must work to win, and win to wear. Great men have been 
great workers. It was not by luck, or accident, or fortune, or 
anything but persistent industry and continuous hard work, 
as a rule, by which tbey achieved distinction iu their various 
pui suits. 

Sir Joshua Reynolds asserted that "Whoever is resolved to 
excel in painting, or indeed in any other art, must bring all his 
mind to bear upon that one object from the moment that he 
rises till he goes to bed." "Those who are resolved to excel 
must go to their work willing or unwilling, morning, noon and 
night, and they will find it no play, but very hard labor." 

If a young man would be physically vigorous, muscular and 
strong, he must exercise the members of his body, reasonably, 
so as not to violate the laws of his being, and he will attain his 
object. The reason is simple. The various parts of the body 
are fed and built up by the blood. Good food makes good 
blood. Bodily exercise quickens the action of the blood, and 
it therefore deposits more of its life-giving, strengthening and 
sustaining particles. If one desires an active, powerful brain, 
let him give that organ proper exercise, and its activity, its 
influence and its power will increase. Whenever it is engaged 
in debate, in proclaiming the truth, or in defending the right, 
and especially if the heart is co-operating with it, how active 
it becomes ! This exercise adds to its strength and useful- 
ness, and makes it a mighty servant of man as an organ of 
the mind. 

Work, work, and nothing but work, is not the spirit of this 
article. The old maxim puts it thus: "All work and no play 
makes Jack a dull boy." True ; but what will all play and no 
work make him? "An idle brain is the devil's workshop, and 
a lazy man the devil's bolster." To work is to be happy. 
Many men find their greatest pleasure in working faithfully at 
their various avocations and pursuits. Such men are seldom 
discouraged by obstacles or defeat — they try, try again, and 
success is generally the result. Newton wrote his chronology 
fifteen times over before he was satisfied with it. Hume wrote 
thirteen hours a day in preparing the "History of England." 
Sir Matthew Hale studied bard for many years at the rate of 
sixteen hours a day, and when a little weary of study in law 
he would take recreation in the study of philosophy and 
mathematics. Elihu Burritt, while working and earning his 
living as a blacksmith, mastered about eighteen ancient and 
modern languages, and twenty-two European dialects. And 
can proficiency in art, science, religion or anything else be 
reached without application, perseverance and labor of mind 
and body? 

Honest work is no disgrace. The honest laborer may stand 
proudly erect in the imaere of his Maker. He clears the forest 
and makes the wilderness blossom and bear fruit. He plows, 
sows, harvests and produces the staff of life to feed earth's 
teeming millions — and he clothes them, too! He burrows and 
delves into the earth and brings forth its hidden treasures for 
use and ornamentation. He builds the ships, he plows the 
main, he bridges the rivers, he tunnels the mountains, he 
builds the mansions and furnishes them, he grasps the light- 
ning and makes it his servant, and does many, very many things 
besides, for a "spark of Heily" is in him, and he takes much 
pleasure in this continual work, work, work ! 





J-TJ^NTEllsrinL.Ei iustetjctor. 



35 




Some object to work, and try to shirk it; but work isG-od's 
law. "Six days shalt thou labor," does more than merely 
define the time within which the work is to be done — it com- 
mands labor to be performed during those six days. "But," 
it is objected, "work id a curse brought upon us through the 
fall." But let us see if this objection is entirely correct. The 
Lord said unto Adam : "Cursed is the ground for thy sake." 
"Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee." "In 
the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return 
unto the ground." This curse — having thorns, thistles, and 
so forth, to contend with, caused Adam extra work, very 
likely; but was he excused from work? Had he nothing to do 
before the curse and fall? The answer is to be found in the 
15th verse of the second chapter of Genesis: "And the Lord 
God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to 
dress it and to keep it." Further, not only is mortal man 
required to work, and immortal man to act in the capacity of a 
gardener, but God Himself works. "What presumption!" says 
one, "God created the heaven and the earth." "He made 
the firmament." He "made two great lights," and "set them 
in the firmament." He made the fishes of the sea, the fowls 
of the air, the "beasts of the earth," and "man in His own 
image;" and He also "planted the garden" in which He set 
Adam to work. Now this was not done without effort. It 
was all done according to eternal laws, the carrying out of 
which involved more or less labor. 

Therefore, let the youth of Israel work industriously and 
wisely, securing useful knowledge every day; learning how to 
do the will of God on earth, and doing it, too, thus escaping 
the fate of the idler in Zion ; and continuing to live and labor 
for faith in God, and the knowledge and power of God, until 
they, like Him, are filled with knowledge and power, and can 
go forth into space and show their knowledge and power by 
their work of organizing, peopling, protecting, providing for, 
redeeming and celestializing numberless earths like this on 
which we dwell, and continuing their God-like work while 
eternal ages roll. 

"Droop not, though shame, sin, and anguish are round thee; 
Bravely fling off the cold chain that hath bound thee; 
Look to your pure heaven smiling beyond thee ; 

Rest not content in thy darkness — a clod. 
Work for some good, be it ever so slowly, 
Cherish some flower, be it ever so lowly ; 
Labor ! good labor is noble and holy; 

Let thy great deeds be thy prayer to thy God." 



A SKETCH OF PIONEER LIFE 
IN UTAH. 



BY R. C. ATWOOD. 




AMONG the pioneers who came to this country in 1847, 
and returned to Winter Quarters at Council Bluffs the 
same year, was the man who subsequently became my hus- 
band. We first met early in the Spring of '48, and in a short 
time we were married. In one month we were on our way to 
the valley in President B. Young's company. In just four 
months to a day we arrived here, it being on the 19th of Sep- 
tember. We had a small store of provisions, a little clothing, 
our team and our hands with which to help ourselves. We 
found our new home a barren desert, with the exception of a 



few patches of ground which the pioneers had broken up and 
planted. Scarcely a tree or a shrub was to be seen and not 
more than one or two houses outside the fort. 

My husband made enough adobes to rear a house of two 
small rooms and with much difficulty he obtained the lumber 
to cover the roof, lay the floor and make the doors. In the 
erection of this abode, wooden pins were u?ed exclusively 
instead of nails, as the latter were so very hard to obtain. The 
house was lighted with six broken panes of glass which he 
procured by plastering for a neighbor by candle light. Our 
furniture consisted of one chair with a raw-hide seat, a bed- 
stead hewn out with an ax, a cupboard of three rough shelves 
in a corner of the room, and a table. 

On the 2?rd of December we moved into our humble dwel- 
ling with joy and gratitude to our Heavenly Father that we 
had so good a habitation to shield us from the piercing cold 
and storms of Winter. Until then we had lived in our wagon. 
The snow had already fallen and covered the earth to the depth 
of a foot or more and the hungry wolves could be heard prowl- 
ing about at night in search of food. One night they came 
near enough to take a chicken from the back of the wagon 
where we had retired to rest. The wild Indians, also, were 
roaming about by day and begging for food. Our store of pro- 
visions being very scant we had to put ourselves on very small 
rations. By some means we obtained a little musty corn-meal 
which served to make our flour last longer. Our fuel was 
wood from the canyon, and, our team being poor and little food 
for it to eat, it was with difficulty we obtained even wood. As 
a light we were thankful to get tallow candles. 

When Spring opened we found ourselves almost entirely 
without food and had to subsist chiefly on herbs and roots for 
a time. Here we were in the heart of a desert, a thousand 
miles away from civilization without food or nearly so, the soil 
barren and forbidding. In this time of want and destitution 
of food and raiment, Heber C. Kimball stood up in the midst 
of the people and prophesied that within six months clothing 
and provisions would be sold in Salt Lake City as cheap 
as in St. Louis. We marveled and wondered how this would 
come to pass. Strange as it was, in less than six months the 
emigrants from the States en route to the gold regions of Cali- 
fornia came laden with clothing, provisions, implements of 
husbandry, cooking untensils and other articles of household 
furniture not necessary for a journey. Their teams were 
nearly worn out so they were obliged to sell at a very low rate 
to lighten their burdens. Some sold their wagons and packed 
their animals for the remainder of the journey. In this way 
Brother Kimball's prophecy was fulfilled. 

I will here relate an incident of our seed time: My hus- 
band had taken a lot of land near what is now called the Sugar 
House Ward. He took his team and went to plow and 
prepare it for the seed. In due time he went to plant his 
corn and he found the ground as dry as ashes to a great depth. 
It seemed impossible to him for the seed ever to germinate in 
such a soil. He planted the seeds, however, knowing that if 
he did not plant he surely could not reap. He came home 
at night hungry, faint and weary. I was also very weary from 
the labors of the day. We had planted a garden near the 
house and I brought water from the City Creek in pails every 
day to water it (the creek then flowed down the east side of 
Main Street); and the water made the ground as hard as an 
adobe. We partook of our scanty meal and prepared to retire 
to rest. We then bowed ourselves before the Lord 
to implore His blessing to rest upon us. His Spirit did rest 
upon us powerfully in the gift of tongues and the interprets 





36 



J" TT "VEIN" I LIE IITSTRTJOTOB. 





tion of the same. My husband commenced praying in his 
own language and suddenly he broke out in an unknown 
tongue. I understood what he said. At first it was a reproof 
from the Lord for our unbelief. It was thus: "Have I not 
brought you all this way from the land of your enemies to this 
goodly land? and I will bless this land for my people's sake, if 
they will put their trust in me. and it shall bring forth in great 
abundance of grass, grain and vegetables of every kind, fruit 
also, of the choicest kind, and your tables shall be loaded with 
the best fruits of the earth. Only put your trust in me. Plant 
and you shall reap." 

We arose and retired to rest, but not to sleep. Sleep 
had departed from our eyes. We were filled with won- 
der, love and admiration. We could not doubt more. 
We went to work with fresh courage. The earth yielded more 
and more each succeeding year, and in the year 1850, my hus- 
band reaped forty bushels of wheat per acre. Our garden 
also produced choice vegetables. But when the ground com- 
menced to produce, we found that our trials were not at an 
end. The grass-hoppers came in alarming numbers and 
destroyed our crops. A field of wheat that was looking fresh 
and promising, would, in a few hours, look as bare as the 
street. 

My husband was called on a mission to England in 1852, 
and left me at home with one little girl, two years old. Our 
eldest child had died from the effects of a burn four months 
previously. He, with three other Elders, fitted up a team to 
cross the plains. After his clothing and provisions were fur- 
nished he had eighty cents left which he gave me, thus going 
without purse or scrip. The next Summer I kept a small 
school in my house to help me to live. I also had my lot 
sowed with wheat which came up and looked very promising; 
but one ' day the grass-hoppers came in vast numbers, 
and settled down on my wheat. I knew it would soon be 
devoured unless something was done. A thought came into 
my mind to call the school children together and have them 
form a line by joining hands, and walk through the wheat. I 
did so, and the devourers arose in a body and went in a north- 
easterly direction and disappeared behind the mountains, and 
never returned. The wheat grew and came to maturity and 
when it was harvested I had some to lend to my neighbors. 
Until this time, however, I had found it very difficult to get 
bread-stuff. Many days in succession I subsisted on one table- 
spoonfull of corn meal a day made into gruel. I had a very 
little flour, but kept it for my child. 

About this time a few good sisters got up a picnic for the mis- 
sionaries' wives. I was one of the favored guests. That was one 
of the days I shall never forget. The table was spread with 
a nice variety of food for the times. We partook with thank- 
ful hearts. The sisters at the same time administering words 
of comfort and blessing, and prophesying that that day should 
be the beginning of better times ; and truly it was so for me, 
for on my return home I found a sack of corn-meal in my 
house, another of potatoes and my cow, which had been lost 
for some time, was standing in the yard. 

When we had our houses built we used to assemble our- 
selves together on Winter evenings to sing and to pray, and 
sometimes to enjoy ourselves in the dance. We were all nearly 
equal in worldly goods. We thought ourselves well dressed 
with a clean calico dress and sun-bonnet. We enjoyed our- 
selves and were happy. Before the brethren were able to 
build a place of worship we held our Sabbath meetings in the 
open air when the weather would admit. In the Spring after 
their crops were in, the men would turn out with their teams 



and haul poles and green boughs from the canyon. With these 
a bowery was built to shield us from the scorching rays of the 
sun. There was everything to be done and everybody was 
busy. There were no drones, and truly the place could well be 
called the hive of Deseret. All things were done under tie 
direction of our noble and much-loved president and leader, 
Brigham Young. 

Now, my young readers, I will leave you to contrast our 
present surroundings with that of the early settlers of these 
valleys and see if the Lord has not verified His promises to 
His people. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



{Continued from page 19.) 

THE season of 1848 was a very dry one, the roads were 
dusty, the grass was scarce. The teams in the companies 
were heavily loaded, and in consequence, the traveling was 
slow and tedious. Sixty-three days were occupied in traveling 
from the Elkhorn river to the last crossing of the Sweetwater, 
at an average of twelve miles per day, the companies resting 
twenty-two days, including Sundays, to recruit and strengthen 
the cattle. The loss of cattle on the route was considerable ; 
and it is a fact worthy of notice here that the percentage of 
deaths of cattle on the plains has always been much greater in 
trains where cattle brought from the States were worked than 
in those in which cattle raised in these valleys were used. 
Trains have been sent from here many seasons to bring up 
the poor. In going and returning the cattle have traveled 
upwards of two thousand miles, yet the loss of life among 
them has been very small. They are accustomed to the kind 
of feed to be met with on the plains, and will not eat poison- 
ous grasses, or drink alkali water, as many cattle raised in the 
States do. 

President Young's company was divided into four divisions 
on the 16th of July, for greater convenience in traveling; and 
about the same time Brother Kimball's company was divided. 
Traveling in small companies where grass was scarce was much 
better for the cattle, and more pleasant for the people, for the 
dust created by the traveling of a large company of several 
hundred wagons was very disagreeable. 

Fearing that Dr. Bichards and Amasa Lyman's company 
might be weak in teams, Presidents Young and Kimball sent 
letters by express to them, counseling them, if in difficulty for 
the want of cattle, to keep their companies together and con- 
tinue moving so as to get west of the South Pass, and to send 
word what their circumstances were and what help they 
required. They expected to send them all the assistance they 
needed from the valley. These companies behind were kept 
well informed of the progress of those ahead of them from 
the communications left on the way. Sometimes a copy of 
the camp journal was written and placed in a notch in a tree 
in some prominent place, fometimes in a post stuck in the 
ground ; but whenever a large buffalo skull or other suitable 
bones were found near the road, pencils weie called into use 
and some particulars were written on them. In this way much 
information was communicated to those behind, as very few 
teamsters who had pencils ever passed good white bones, suit- 
able for writing on, without picking them up or stopping to 
scribble something on them. In those days buffalo were very 
numerous on the plains and their skulls were plentifully scat- 
tered over the ground. 





J" TJ" "VEIN" I LIE IITSTBTJCTOB. 



37 




The first of President Young's company arrived in Salt 
LaJse Valley on the 20th of September, and President Kim- 
ball's a few days after. In the first company one boy was 
drowned in the Elkhorn river, a child of 34 days, and a woman 
of 45 years died, and two persons had their legs broken. Some 
other slight accidents also occurred. Several children were 
born on the route. In the last company a girl of six years 
was killed and a woman of 28 years died, and several children 
were born. The health of the people was remarkably good, 
and no better argument in favor of plain, and even meagre 
living and out-door exercise can be adduced than the excellent 
health enjoyed by the Saints in crossing the plains in those 
years and in the first settlement of this valley. There was but 
little variety of food and the allowance was very scanty; 
the people dwelt in tents, and a good covered wagon as a bed 
room was a luxury that very many did not have , yet good 
health and vigor were almost universal. 

Teams and wagons were sent back in charge of Elder Jede- 
diah M. Grant to assist President Willard Eichards and Amasa 
Lyman's company. The first of the last-named company 
arrived in Salt Lake Valley on October the 10th, and Presi- 
dent Richards and company on the 19th. 

The first presidency of the Church were gladly welcomed 
by the people who were residents of the valley. They rejoiced 
in the wonderful care and preserving mercies of the Lord which 
had been over them from the time they left Illinois. The Lord 
had blessed them in the wilderness; He had fed them, deliv- 
ered them from the many dangers to which they were exposed 
and led them to a safe and healthy retreat, far distant from 
their former persecutors. The spirit of peace brooded over 
this land, and having been harassed and annoyed by mobs 
they could appreciate the security which they now enjoyed. 
Their past experience caused them to feel humble. They were 
not lifted one above another, by one being in possession of 
more riches than another, for they were nearly equal in 
worldly circumstances, and this caused them to be more equal 
in heavenly things. One could not feel proud because he had 
a better house, finer furniture, more fashionable clothing, a 
greater variety of food, or any of those things of which men 
are apt to be vain ; for there was but little difference in the 
houses, in the furniture, in the clothing or in the food of the 
people at that time. They were what we would now call very 
poor; but they were a people blessed of the Lord, and were 
happy ; they were obedient to counsel, and were patient and 
long-suffering. Their hearts were tender and the words of the 
servants of God had power with them, for their experience of 
the Lord's goodness unto them was too recent to forget that 
in perfect obedience alone there was safety. Thieving, drunk- 
enness, profanity, litigation and strife were almost unknown. 
If there were misunderstandings, they were easily settled or 
removed by the Teachers, the Bishops or the High Council. 




Tiik road to home happiness lies over small stepping-stones. 
Slight circumstances are the stumbling-blocks of families. 
The prick of a pin, says the proverb, is enough to make an 
empire insipid. The more tender the feelings, the more pain- 
ful the wound. A cold, unkind word checks and withers the 
blossom of the dearest love, as the most delicate rings of the 
vine are troubled by the faintest breeze. The misery of a 
life is born of a chance observation. If the true history of 
quarrels, public and private, were honestly written, it would 
be silenced by an uproar of derision. 



NIGHT SCENES IN A 
GREAT CITY. 



THIRD NIOHT. 



BY KENNON. 



( Continued from page 21. ) 
YXTLj were both aroused by the entrance of the joyful atten - 
* * dant. He had come to retail his little store of facts and 
speculations about these new subjects. 

"Precious fine looking chaps, aren't they? Brothers they 
are. Committed suicide together. Heard their sister had 
disgraced herself, and so each one shot himself." 

So short a chapter to tell so much ! I could turn now and 
look at them. The bodies were stretched out to their full six feet 
each, naked, cold and white. The marble beneath them had as 
much warmth and color. The men had been young and 
comely. They had differed little in age, and were wonderfully 
like each other in face and form. Each had yellow, waving 
hair massed about his head and neck. Each had wide-staring, 
blue, glassy eyes. Each had large, but clear-cut features. And 
each had — oh, last dreadful resemblance ! each had a little 
round, dark spot just over his heart showing where the mes- 
senger of death had entered to perform its awful work. 

What motives of cowardice or courage had led these two 
strong men to thus voluntarily step in one second from this 
world into futurity ? I wondered if the wayward sister yet 
lived ; and if so, whether she knew of this sacrifice made 
because of her dishonor. It was a sad, black mystery. 

All the time the icy spray fell upon the bodies. Looking at 
them intently they seemed to grow more and more clammy 
until they fairly oozed. I grew to hate that unknown sister 
whose folly or sin had brought her two brothers so low ; and 
at the same time, the awful respect in which I had held the 
dead degenerated into a contempt for the intelligence of men 
who would attempt to wipe away a stain by suicide. 

While I had been reflecting without listening, Plynn had 
jotted down his notes of the story; and we were ready to 
resume our meanderings. We walked away silently from the 
morgue. He was unusually thoughtful ; self-murder always 
impresses people who have morbid or even philosophic tempera- 
ments. I said nothing, for I, too, had something on 'my 
mind ; and I failed to ask the particulars of the case, because 
I knew that the morning paper would contain a full report, 
and in the meantime I wanted to reflect upon the matter. 

From the morgue we went successively to the several branch 
police stations. As the hour grew later, we found them more 
and more busy. We waited a few minutes at each, and a 
horrible time of waiting it was. Prom the long rows of cells 
in the rear there came'constantly a roar of profanity, broken 
at intervals by [the wildest' shrieks ^ to which my misfortunes 
ever made me a listener. And scarcely five minutes seemed 
to elapse from the registry of one'prisoner until another was 
brought in. The brutal familiarityjwith which the guardians 
of the public peace and morals treated the offenders and 
laughed at their crimes was something appalling. No prisoner, 
however sinful or wretched, was safe from their disgusting wit. 
They seemed to be taking part in some very enjoyable 
comedy. 

Flynn did not make any notes. When I asked him why, 
he answered : "No doubt, to your uninitiated mind, this 
scene is distressing. You think that whole chapters might be 



i 





38 



J" TT "VEIN"! LIE I1TSTETJOTOB, 




written upon the subject and still leave it unexhausted. Well, 
you are right. But the newspaper which would open its 
columns to such matter, would be extremely unpopular with 
the 'better' class of readers. It is not because the sins of 
their fellow-beings shock them, but because the misery of 
guilt is so extremely annoying. Suppose I give with all the vigor 
and fidelity I can master, a picture of these scenes ; I tell how 
this offender committed theft to save himself, and possibly his 
wife and children, from starvation: how the abject wretch 
who was last dragged in here senseless with drink, was once 
an industrious workman, but, being driven to idleness by a 
misdirected strike, has become a sot: how the poor girl who 
is even now weeping in the captain's office and listening to the 
unmanly speeches of two of her blue-coated captors, was brought 
to this fate by the machinations of a scion of the 'better' 
class— suppose I find the facts which lie behind this squalid 
show of sin and learn the misery and pathos which half these 
cases possess, will I please or offend my paper and its readers? 
Ours is an aristocratic sheet. It visits the houses of the rich. 
They are our best patrons. They love to read of great crimes 
—of murders, robberies, burglaries, suicides; but of the filthy 
stratum which underlies the crust of high-class sin, they will 
have none. Banker Bragg sits at his luxurious breakfast table 
and idly scans the news. He is perfectly comfortable. Shall 
I disturb him. No, not I. I have a very profound venera- 
tion for the sensitiveness of Banker Bragg' s selfishness. And 
so while I may invite some grand rascal to breakfast with the 
banker and feel confident that the brilliant rogue would be 
well received, 1 am not so ill-bred as to drag in unannounced 
and place at his table the bread-thief or the drunkard, or 
the betrayed maiden, whose miseries make them trangressors 
of the laws. Want has a very disagreeable odor in the 
nostrils of plenty." 

It was one o'clock when we again reached the central police 
station. Here the scenes of the branch jails were re-enacted. 
Every few minutes would be dragged in some man or woman, 
howling mad with drink ; or a petty thief or vagrant caught 
pilfering or begging from late foot-passengers; or a woman, 
ready to weep with sadness, beneath her brazen mask. 

One of this last class attracted especial attention the 
moment she was brought in. She walked without assistance, 
and her head was bowed. 

Flynn whispered, ' 'Her first appearance, probably, though her 
unfortunate kind usually are introduced here howling and in a 
flood of tears." She was young apparently, and was dressed 
in deep black. Was she mourning for something she had lost 
irrevocably? She stood before the clerk's desk, and when 
asked her name answered in a low, constrained voice. I 
could not hear what she said, but one of the officers who had 
brought her to prison called out loudly, "It's not Magdalene 
anything. Your name is Ruth Ulrich." He spoke so eagerly 
and triumphantly that I felt certain he must be wreaking a 
petty vengeance. The woman bowed her head still lower, and 
shook with emotion. 

As the name was uttered Flynn gave a great start and 
uttered, "What a horrible coincidence!" 

The clerk made the necessary entry on his books, and then 
ordered the officers to search the prisoner and take off her hat 
and wraps. They touched her with less freedom than they had 
shown toward her sisters. Something in her silent shame and 
sorrow — almost dignified, was impressing these men. When 
they took off her cloak and hat, her hair fell upon her shoul- 
ders, and she looked up with an appealing, woeful glance such 




as the real Magdalene wears in the great pictures. It was 
now my turn to be astonished. Her face was like the face of 
the dead — like the dead we had recently seen — like the dead 
brothers at the morgue. I gasped to my friend, "She is their 
sister!" 

"Yes," he answered, "I recognized her name. Evidently 
she has not heard all that her sin has wrought." 

In searching the girl the officers found a purse with two or 
three gold-pieces ; and they asked her if she wanted to leave 
the money as security for her appearance. She had not known 
that such a thing was possible ; but she eagerly accepted. 
When her wraps were restored to her she said in an agonized 
tone, "Now let me go quickly!" 

An officer showed her the way out; and when she was gone, 
Flynn said, "Our work here is ended. And I must leave you 
to find your own way home while I go to the office to work." 

We parted and I went to my room. As soon as the morning 
paper came, I opened it feverishly, and there I found the 
story of the morgue and the prison. 

Mine was not the only interested eye that saw it ; for that 
night there was a woman's corpse at the morgue, which had 
been taken out of the bay early during the afternoon. Sewed 
in her pocket was a little purse which was empty except for a 
slip of paper bearing these words: "I now atone my sin. 
Bury me with my brothers. Ruth Ulrich." 

«» ^ «» 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



ANNIVERSARY OP SISTER ELIZA R. SNOW SMITH'S BIRTH-DAY- 



MONDAY, January 21, 1884, was the 80th anniversary of 
the birthday of Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith, and a num- 
ber of her lady friends arranged for a birth-day party to be 
held at the Social Hall. There were upwards of 200 persons 
present on the occasion, all prompted to be present by a desire 
to do honor to the venerable lady. The occasion was most 
interesting, and the time was spent in making brief addresses, 
givingrecitations, songs,etc. , supper was also served to theguests- 

Old age is beautiful when combined with physical and 
mental preservation. This is the case with this venerable 
lady. She is capable of undergoing an amount of fatigue that 
would tire many a woman half her age, and her mental facul- 
ties seem to be in full vigor. Under such circumstances life 
is a pleasure. 

Her life has exhibited, as fully as any woman's in the Churchi 
what can be done by determined purpose, guided by wisdom. 
Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith has made her mark in her gener- 
ation. Always a busy woman, her late years have been 
crowded with labors, the fruits of which will be felt, I believe, 
for generations to come. It has been a time of organizition, 
and she and her co-workers have had a splendid field in which 
to labor. The relief societies, the young ladies' mutual 
improvement associations, and the primary schools have al* 
been benefitted by her counsels. 

The meeting on Monday evening was a most suggestive one 
in many respects. It is not too much to say that we are 
engaged in laying the foundation of a new civilization, 
and the ladies of our people, of whom Sister Snow Smith 
is the leader, are performing a noble and wonderfully 
influential part in the work. The impression throughout 





CTTJ^TTB^riLE! IITSTBUO'TOB. 




Christendom is that woman's education and elevation are 
incompatible with the system of plural marriage ; that where 
that system prevails woman's degradation is sure to follow; 
that she must of necessity occupy an inferior place to that 
which her sex fills under the system of monogamy. These 
ideas are derived from the position occupied by women in 
Oriental lands, and one of the chief arguments used with 
women to excite their prejudices against the system of plural 
marriage has been of this character. Reflecting men and 
women have denied that such results were the inevitable 
accompaniment of plural marriage. It has been repeatedly 
asserted that there was no good reason why woman should 
not progress and maintain her position side by side with man 
under the system of plural marriage, and be developed to fully 
as great an extent as under the monogamic system. In fact 
philosophic thinkers among us have perceived that under the 
system of plural marriage it was possible for woman to achieve 
a higher position intellectually and as the help-meet of man 
and the mother of his children than she possibly could in 
monogamy. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith and her co-workers 
are proving the truth of this. Already the progress of the 
sex in every proper direction in this Territory is a cause of 
happiness and gratulation to all who witness it. Plural mar- 
riage has not degraded women in this Territory. It is true that 
a dissatisfied, discontented, unhappy woman, whether in 
plural marriage or in monogamy, makes no progress. She droops 
and sinks under imaginary, but what to her are real troubles, 
and she ceases to be a factor of any importance in the body 
politic. A woman so constituted, whether the only wife of one 
man, or the plural wife of a man, is alike unhappy. But 
where women exercise their powers and cultivate self-reliance, 
leaning upon God for the strength which He is ready to give, 
her opportunities for development under plural marriage are 
greater than usually afforded under the system of monogamy. 
She becomes, in some respects, the head of her family, and 
from the nature of the ease is compelled to assume responsi- 
bility that under other circumstances she would not feel. With 
a properly constituted woman this calls forth her full powers. 
There is a necessity for their exercise, and she rises to the 
exigency of the position and exhibits a strength and power 
which surprises heiself as well as those who are around her. 
She ceases to lean upon man to the extent that she would do 
were she not compelled to assume the duties and responsibil- 
ities connected with the charge of her children and her house- 
hold. Experience is gained; strength is developed; the 
power of governing is called into exercise; selfishness and 
self-ease are sacrificed, and the perfect type of womanhood is 
brought forth. 

I believe that to-day there are to be found in this Territory 
more of these perfect women for the number of our popula- 
tion than can be found anywhere else in the world. Grand, 
noble, unselfish women have brought their weaknesses and 
their inclinations into subjection to the higher law of God and 
have obtained a strength, dignity of character, and superiority 
of manner, that lift them up above the ordinary level of their 
sex. They stand on a higher plane and are fitted, by the con- 
flicts which they have endured and in which they have 
triumphed, to become the fitting partners of intelligent, intel- 
lectual and pure men. 

These are the results which are being wrought out in this 
Territory; not so rapidly as to call forth surprise, but still to 
the observant so rapidly as to give promise of a glorious future. 
Women in this Territory have a grand sphere of usefulness 
opened for them. They labor in a field to which there is no 




bound. Their opportunities for usefulness are unequalled, and 
in every legitimate labor which they undertake they have the 
aid and the encouragement of the other sex. The incentive 
to become intelligent, to comprehend principle, to be strong, 
is greater here than in any other community that we know 
anything of, and I am gratified to see that our sisters are 
availing themselves of the grand opportunities which are fur- 
nished them for usefulness and progress. The effect of their 
examples upon the rising generation will be of immense value, 
and as the generations roll by nobler types of womanhood will 
be developed, until the penalty that was laid upon woman in 
the beginning, that "thy desire shall be to thy husband and 
he shall rule over thee," will be repealed, and she will stand 
side by side with man, full of that queenly dignity and 
self-control which will make her his suitable companion rather 
than his inferior. 

Much of the intellectual movement among our sisters is due 
to the example and influence of Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith. 
She and her co-workers have labored diligently to elevate their 
sex and to inspire them with an ennobling and holy ambition. 
That which they are doing to-day is not valued as it will be in 
days to come. It will require the historian of another gener- 
ation to award them the credit that is due to their self-sacri- 
ficing and loving labors. But the credit due to them, however 
long it may be postponed, will yet be given them, and their 
names will stand out bright in the annals of this people in the 
days of power yet to come. 



WINTER 



BY J. C. 



The balmy breath of Spring is sweet, 

And Summer scenes are fair, 
And mellow Autumn is replete 

With tints rich, sweet and rare; 
Tet. these, with all their charms to bless 

And soothe my cup of woe, 
Affect me not to value less 

The bliss of virgin snow. 

I love to hear the tiny sled, 

The youngster drags along, 
Hum music to his guileless tread 

And chorus to his song. 
And what a treat it is to see 

The youths from school let out, 
Romp in the snow, with harmless glee 

And toss their mates about! 

I love to hear the sleigh-bells chime, 

Athwart the downv street 
As snorting trotters beat the time 

With fleet and muilled feet, 
And what a joy it gives, to stand 

And muse, in early morn. 
On gorgeous robes, from Fairyland 

That trees and shrubs adorn. 

And when the orb of day appears 

And mist of morning leaves 
How grand to see the frost-king's spears 

Hang, glist'ning from the eaves; 
While on the window panes below, 

With silent, cunning art 
Are sketched quaint things, that plainly show 

Some skillful master's part. 

Methinks I see in every Hake, 

Of snow that settles down 
A spark of hope, my life to wake 

To deeds of true renown; 
For, as the snowtlakes from above, 

Deck nature's bosom fair 
E'en so may 1 through works of love 

My soul for heaven prepare. 




¥ 4 ° 



CTTJ^E^riLE TFSTBTJOTOB. 




GEORGE a. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 



HOW TO PROVE THE TRUTH OP THE BIBLE. 




Bible 




NE of the features of our times is the 
growing unbelief in the Bible. The 
Editor remembers that when he was a 
boy, but very few people dared to doubt 
the truth of the Bible. Those who did, 
were looked upon as infidels, and in many 
instances were shunned. It was this 
belief in the Bible that, in the early days 
of our Church, gave our Elders such 
power to convince the people, and made 
so successful in their labors; for no one 
believes the Bible literally and truthfully 
reject the gospel as revealed to and taught 
the EldeTS of this Church. But men rejected 
gospel and the testimony of the Elders, 
they rejected, doubt concerning the truth of 
began to grow. For what could they do? 
iible were true, that which they call "Mor- 
; ' must be true also. But they could not bear the 
idea of "Mormonism" being true, so they chose the other 
alternative and indulged in doubts respecting the Bible. So- 
called Christian ministers set the example in this direction, 
and from them unbelief has spread until it has become so gen- 
eral. 

We, as Latter-day Saints, have means of proving the Bible 
to be true. We are not left in doubt and uncertainty concern- 
ing it. Every child in this Church can know for himself that 
this is true. For instance, there are promises made in the 
Bible to those who believe in and obey the doctrines of Christ. 
When we bow in submission to His laws, we do our part. It 
is for God, then, to bestow the blessing; and He has done so 
unto His people, until in these mountains there is a commun- 
ity of people numbering tens of thousands who have proved 
for themselves that the Bible is true. The blessings they 
have received have not come from man. Man could not 
bestow them. They are the gifts of heaven, and the Lord 
Himself alone could bestow them. This is one method of 
proving the truth of the words of the Lord contained in the 
Bible. By this means also we may know that God lives and 
that Jesus Christ is His Son and the Redeemer of the world ; 
and we can learn for ourselves that the gospel, which the 
world call "Mormonism," is from God. 

There are other evidences also which men who are not 
of our faith can perceive, and by which they may know that 
this is the work of God, or, at least, that this work arouses 
against it the same opposition that that which was called the 
work of God in ancient days did. The Savior and His apos- 
tles were pure men. They taught a pure doctrine. Their 
lives were faultless, Their doctrines were perfect. Yet they 
were hated, they were persecuted, they were slain. The same 
doctrines in these days, as perfect as they were in ancient 



days, preached by men of pure lives and holy desires, produce 
exactly the same results now that they did when Jesus was 
upon the earth. The Saints, for no crime of theirs, have 
been driven, and have suffered all manner of persecutions. 
Prophets and Apostles have been slain for no cause, except 
that they believed in and preached the truth. 

Now, if any man doubts this, let him try it himself. Let 
him investigate the gospel, and as he becomes convinced of 
its truth, exhibit a desire or inclination to espouse it. He 
will then find in his own experience, that though his life may 
be blameless and his every desire pure, his former friends and 
associates, and kindred perhaps, will shun him and persecute 
him; and if he continues he will be compelled to make sacri- 
fices for his boldness in examining the truth. No matter 
what his previous reputation may have been, or how much he 
may have been esteemed among his fellows, he will lose his 
good name whenever it becomes known that he is investigat- 
ing "Mormonism," as it is called, or has any disposition to 
'become a Latter-day Saint. 

An instance of this kind has come to our knowledge quite 
recently: 

A young man of intelligence, well educated, in fact, a grad- 
uate of a university, became interested, through visiting this 
city, in the religion of the Latter-day Saints. In pursuing 
his investigations he became acquainted with the condition of 
affairs here, and wrote some correspondence to the east to a 
newspaper of which he had long been the correspondent. 
Because he dared to speak some words favorably of us and 
our affairs, the paper declined to publish what he had written 
and censured him for his views. Now, he had not stated any- 
thing that was untrue, nor anything that was very favorable 
to the "Mormons," but had stated what he saw as a stranger 
visiting the city. But this was not all. His friends learned 
that he was inclined to look favorably upon the doctrines of 
the Latter-day Saints, and they began to show him, in a small 
way, the same feelings that have been shown to the whole 
people of this Church by those who are opposed to us. Now, 
this gentleman, if he were to open his eyes to =ee and were to reflect 
calmly upon the subject, would perceive that he was receiving, 
in his own person, and without any just cause, a taste of that 
persecution which the people of God have so freely received 
from those who are opposed to them. In this way he'can 
prove to himself that when Paul, in the Bible, says that they 
who live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution, he 
may know for himself that the Bible is true, and that it 
describes actual occurrences, and that the Son of God did 
speak as He is credited with speaking in the Testa- 
ment. 



Time heals all griefs, even the bitterest, and it is well that 
it should be so. A long-indulged sorrow for the dead, or for 
any other seemingly hopeless loss, would deaden our sympa- 
thies for those still left, and thus make a sinful apathy steal 
over the soul, absorbing all its powers, and causing the many 
blessings of life to be felt as curses. As the bosom of earth 
blooms again and again, having buried out of sight the dead 
leaves of autumn, and loosed the frosty bands of winter so 
does the heart, (in spite of all that melancholy poets write,) 
feel many renewed springs and summers. It is a beautiful and 
blessed world we live in, and while life lasts, to lose the enioy- 
ment of it is a sin. 





iTTT^IEIN-IELIE I3JSTE/UCTOB. 



41 




FATI M A AKAK. 



BY NEWAYGO. 




IN Oriental countries, woman is so much secluded that it is 
a rare thing for one of the gentler sex to achieve any fame. 
Patima Akar, who lived near the middle of the eighteenth 
century, was an ex- 
ception to this rule. 
Her father, Mosul, 
held the rank of 
valis (governor) 
over a vilayet (pro- 
vince)^ the eastern 
part of the Otto- 
man Empire. The 
governor was am- 
bitions. He aspir- 
ed to become a 
member of the 
menasybi - divaniie 
(imperial councilor 
cabinet). In exe- 
cution of his aspir- 
ing designs he en- 
croached stealthily, 
not only upon sur- 
rounding country 
possessed by other 
nations, but also 
upon the domain of 
his fellow-governors 
under the sultan's 
rule. On one of 
his predatory incur- 
sions he was accom- 
panied by his 
daughter, a beauti- 
ful girl, who had 
grown to be a coun- 
selor and compan- 
ion to him since he 
had no son. Un- 
fortunately he was 
unsuccessful. And 
in an encounter 
with a rival valis, 
he was slain. When 
he fell his horde of 
troops beat a hasty 
retreat, carrying 
with them Fatima. 
But the victorious 
chief followed the 
flying party, and 
surrounded them. 
The Turks, without 
a leader, yielded to the conqueror; and he was led to the 
quarter of the camp where Fatima was. The valis was much 
struck by her beauty; and offered her fair terms of peace. 
She feigned to accept them and allowed him to approach her 
in a gallant manner. Then without a word of warning she 
struck him dead with her jeweled dagger. Calling to her 
soldiers, in her father's name, she bade them rally. Her dar- 




ing act had revived their dying courage, and joining her they 
fought with the tiger-like fierceness which characterizes 
Oriental warfare. The result was a complete victory for 
Fatima. Returning home she found her fame on every tongue 
in the province. And having the skill to mould opinion while 
it was warm in her favor, she soon gained the pronounced sup- 
port and fealty of all the warriors in the vilayet. After this 

she made several 
invasions of other 
provinces at the 
head of her little 
army. Thrice she 
was successful, and 
her name was being 
spread throughout 
the empire; when 
she was basely slain 
by one of her offic- 
ers, to whom 
she had promised 
her hand in mar- 
riage, but whom 
she had neglected 
in her desire for 
conquest. 

There have been 
many war-women 
who have achieved 
distinction in life 
and remembrance 
in history; but in 
modern times these 
cases have been iso- 
lated. Anciently, 
the legends say 
that there was a race 
of fema'es whose 
lives were spent 
in warfare. They 
were called Ama- 
zons, and went to 
battle under the 
leadership of their 
queen, making 
conquests and 

founding cities and 
states. But little 
credence is given 
now to these tales; 
although an effort 
has been made to 
perpetuate the 
myth by modern 
French writers, 
some of whom give 
long and glowing 
accounts of a na- 
tion of women living in the wilds of Afric i, who disdain the 
daily society of men, and successfully devote themselves to 
making war upon neighboring tribes. 



Sorrows remembered sweeten present joy. 





42 



J" TT "VIE UNTILE I1TSTRTJCTOR, 





LORD NELSON. 

( Continued from page 28. ) 

AFTER defending Naples from the French, and taking, 
under Lady Hamilton's influence, a part in the affairs of 
that kingdom, which cannot be said to have added to his fame, 
Nelson was created Duke of Bronte by King Ferdinand. 
Early in the year 1 SOU he returned to England ; but he was 
not allowed to enjoy repose. Up to that date Russia had, of 
all powers, been hostile to revolutionary France. But the Czar 
Paul, an eccentric sovereign, declared himself the champion of 
Bonaparte, and formed with Denmark and Sweden what was 
called the "Northern Confederacy" to destroy the maritime 
supremacy of England. This project roused the Addington 
cabinet to energy, and an armament was fitted out. Sir Hyde 
Parker was appointed commander-in-chief; but Nelson, who 
appeared as second in command, was in reality the soul and 
right arm of the expedition. 

About the middle of March, 1801, the English fleet set sail 
from Yarmouth, and in nine days reached the Cattegat. 
Anchoring there, they learned from Mr. Vansittart — who,in the 
capacity of English embassador, had left the fleet at Scaw and 
proceeded to Copenhagen — that the Danes were entirely dis- 
inclined to negotiate. Nelson, on hearing this, was opposed 
to any delay in commencing hostilities. But Sir Hyde Parker 
hesitated, and it was not till much time had been lost that the 
fleet passed the Sound, regarded by the Danes as "the key of 
the Baltic," and anchored between Copenhagen and the island 
of Huen. 

It was the afternoon of the 30th of March when a council 
of war was held to decide on the course to be pursued. So 
great appeared the difficulty of attacking the Danes, that 
while Sir Hyde Parker sat irresolute and Nelson kept pacing, 
the cabin, several officers expatiated on the dangers to be 
encountered in the event of an attack. 

"We must," said they, "bear in mind the number of 
Swedes and Russians whom we shall afterwards have to 
engage." 

"The more numerous the better," cried Nelson, pouting his 
lip and moving the stump of his right arm. "I wish they 
were twice as many ; the easier the victory, depend upon it. 
And," he continued, still pacing the cabin, while his breast 
swelled with a valor that knew no fear, and his brain flashed 
with an eccentric genius far more valuable than the wisdom 
of others, "I offer my services for the attack. Only give me 
ten sail of the line and the small craft." 

"I will give you twelve ships and all the small craft, and 
leave everything to your judgment," said Sir Hyde Parker, 
inspired for a moment by the hero's enthusiasm. 

The council having arrived at a decision, it was determined 
that the attack on Copenhagen should be made from the north; 
and Nelson busied himself night and day, making soundings 
and laying down buoys. Everything being in readiness, on 
the morning of Wednesday the 1st of April, the fleet moved 
to an anchorage within two leagues of the Danish capital, and 
off the end of a shoal known as the Middle Ground, lying 
exactly before the city, and extending along the whole sea- 
front. 

News of the arrival of an English fleet off the Sound pro- 
duced the most intense alarm at Copenhagen. The Danes, 
however, met the crisis with a courage worthy of men whose 
forefathers had been led by Sweyn and Canute. People of all 
ranks volunteered to serve their country in the hour of her 



need. A mighty force was rapidly mustered ; twelve hundred 
youths, furnished by the University, were constantly employed 
in the management of the guns ; and the line of defense, 
consisting of ninteen ships and floating batteries, flanked by 
two formidable forts at the mouth of the harbor, and manned 
indiscriminately by soldiers, sailors and citizens, was 
arranged in the King's Channel, between the Middle Ground 
and the city. 

But Nelson was no whit dismayed by the formidable pre- 
parations made for resistance. From anxiety, indeed, he could 
not be free; but his soul panted for the strife, and his brain 
glowed with anticipations of a signal triumph. At half past 
nine o'clock on the morning of the 2nd of April, the ships 
under his auspices weighed anchor and stood on toward 
Copenhagen. Three of them, owing to the indecision of the 
pilots, grounded, and disasters more fatal might have followed. 
But Nelson, in the Elephant, quitting the order of sailing, 
exerted himself to guide the fleet safely forward ; and, though 
only one of the gunbrigs got into action, all of the remaining 
shipsanchored as they arrived, and presented their broadsides to 
the Danes. A little after ten, when the Crown Prince of 
Denmark took his station on one of batteries to witness 
the conflict and issue orders, the battle began with a roar 
of guns. 

Nelson had naturally been disconcerted by the accident that 
deprived him of three ships and so many gun-brigs. But no 
sooner did the battle fairly commence, than his countenance 
cleared, his eye glistened, and the remnant of his right arm 
began to move. But Sir Hyde Parker did not share the hero's 
elevation. Being at such a distance as only to observe the 
mishaps of the ships, and overestimating the disadvantages 
under which the English fought, he suffered the most painful 
anxiety, and, after the battle had lasted three hours without 
slackening, his suspense became intolerable. 

"I will make the signal of recall for Nelson's sake," he 
said. "If he is in a condition to continue the action success- 
fully, he will disregard the signal ; if he is not, it will be a 
good excuse for his retreat, and no blame can be imputed to 
him." 

"But," urged a captain, "would it not be well to delay till 
you communicate with Nelson?" 

"No," said Sir Hyde, "the fire is too hot." 

At this stage of the operations, Nelson, with a flaming eye 
and a determination to conquer, was pacing the quarter-deck of 
the Elephant. A shot through the mainmast knocked about 
the splinters. But he only smiled, and had just expressed the 
gratification he felt in being where he was, when the signal 
for discontinuing the action was observed. 

"No. 39 is thrown out by the commander-in-chief," cried 
the signal officer. "My lord," he repeated, as at the next 
turn he met Nelson, who had paid no attention to the inform- 
ation, "No. 39 is thrown out; shall I repeat it?" 

"No — acknowledge it," answered Nelson, as he continued 
his walk, and raised his glass to his blind eye. "I really do 
not see the signal. Keep mine for closer battle flying ! 
That's the way I answer such signals. Nail mine to the 
mast." 

Along the line the action continued with unabated vigor ; 
and while the English fought with characteristic courage, the 
Danes displayed a desperate resolution which elicted admira- 
tion from their foes. A boy of seventeen, named Villemoes, 
highly distinguished himself in the strife. Villemoes had 
obtained the command of a floating battery, which was 
a mere raft. But he got under the Elephant's stern, and made 




m 



p® 



JTJYEUILE IN-STBTJOTOB. 



43 




a display of juvenile heroism which caused Nelson to exclaim 
that he ought to be an admiral. 

But the conflict was too hot to last ; and about two o'clock 
the Danes began to slacken their fire and to strike their colors. 
Half an hour later the contest became so irregular, and was 
carried on in such a way, that the Danes were not only shed- 
ding English blood, but slaughtering hundreds of their own 
countrymen. Nelson, whose humanity was aroused, retired 
to the stern galley of the Elephant, and penned a brief epistle 
to the Crown Prince. 

"Vice Admiral Lord Nelson," he wrote, "has been com- 
manded to spare Denmark when she no longer resists. The 
line of defense which covered her shores has struck to the 
British flag ; but, if the firing is continued on the part of 
Denmark, he must set on fire all the prizes that he has taken, 
without having the power of saving the men who so nobly 
defended them. The brave Danes are the brothers, and should 
never be the enemies of the English." 

"What is the object of Lord Nelson's note ?" inquired the 
Crown Prince. 

"Lord Nelson's object in sending this flag of truce," wrote 
the hero, "was humanity. He therefore consents that hostil- 
ities shall cease, and that the wounded Danes may be taken 
on shore." 

{To be Continued.) 



INTERESTING INCIDENTS. 



FROM THE JOURNALS OF MISSIONARIES. 




ELDER BEDSON EARDLEY, while traveling in the Nor- 
wich conference, England, in June, 1875, held a camp 
meeting one Sunday near one of the large cities of his district. 
After the close of the services, seven repentant persons handed 
in their names and requested baptism. An appointment was 
accordingly made for the next evening, immediately after the 
close of a meeting for which arrangements had already been 
made. 

Agreeable to his promise, Bro. Eardley proceeded the follow- 
ing evening to the place chosen for the baptism. His converts 
were ready for him and he had just entered the stream, lead- 
ing a man by the hand, when a mob came upon the scene 
with loud shouts and curses. A large, strong man, whom he 
subsequently learned was a well-to-do blacksmith, emerged 
from the crowd. He walked to the bank of the creek, which 
was about four feet above the water in which Bro. Eardley was 
standing, and, with a heavy stick, dealt him a severe blow 
across the top of the head. So much force was exerted that 
it appeared as though the skull would certainly be crushed. 
But, strange to say, the Elder experienced not the slightest 
pain or inconvenience from the blow — the Lord had protected 
him. Notwithstanding the cruelty of the blow, he felt no 
desire to retaliate; for the Spirit whispered, "The Lord will 
take care of him." 

The bitterness of this man did not cease, and it was finally 
predicted by an Elder of the Church that, as a punishment 
for his sins, he would be afflicted so that in his agony he would 
crawl along a wall and seek death but not find it. This pre- 
diction was very soon literally fulfilled: The man contracted 
an incurable disease, and was seen for months crawling along 
by a wall, vainly seeking death; and .he expressed his belief 
that his affliction was a punishment for having so shamefully 
treated the "Mormon" Klder. 



Brother Henry Walsh relates that while traveling in the 
Nottingham conference of the British mission, in 1879, he 
had to visit one town, Eastwood, wherein the Saints were so 
extremely poor, and the outside pressure was so great upon 
them that they were really incapable of keeping the Elders 
whose duty it was to visit them. The man at whose house 
they were previously entertained, had once owned considerable 
property, but because he united himself with the Saints, his 
former friends turned against him. he was deprived of his 
means and reduced to extreme poverty. 

One Sunday, after every place of resort had apparently been 
closed, the Elders held a meeting in the town. After the services 
were ended, a lady member of the Church approached the 
stand leading her sister by the hand. This sister was afflicted 
with a disease that had baffled the skill of the best physicians 
in the country — her whole head and neck were one mass of 
ulcerated sores, and to look upon her was almost sickening. 
She was not in the Church, but having heard of the admin- 
istration of the Elders, had faith in them and applied for 
the healing ordinance. 

She was anointed freely with oil, and Bro. Walsh then 
administered to her. While doing so, he felt to promise her 
that she should recover. After attending to these duties he 
left the house, and, while reflecting on what had been said, 
felt almost afraid that his predictions would not be fulfilled. 

His duties called him to another part of his district whither 
he was gone about four weeks. Returning at the expiration 
of that time he was delighted to see the formerly afflicted 
girl entirely healed, and no mark or sign of sore was visible 
on her body. Her flesh had become as soft and fair as that 
of a new-born babe. This remarkable cure caused her father, 
who was in good circumstances, to look with favor upon the 
Elders; he opened his house to them, and the servants of 
God never lacked a warm welcome thereafter in that place. 
Thus did God open up the way before His servants as He 
promised He would do. 



Brother David R. Gill, for some years a traveling Elder 
in Wales, relates the following incident of how the Lord 
opened up his way for him to perform a duty which he felt 
incumbent upon him. 

"In the year 1876 I was living in a place called Ogmore 
Valley, South Wales. One Sunday morning I started from 
home to attend a district council which was to be held at a 
place twenty-four miles distant, and at which I felt it my duty 
to be present. I had no means with which to pay my fare on the 
railroad, and, therefore, resolved to walk to my destination 
as rapidly as possible, if no other means of conveyance was 
afforded me. The principal reason for my disliking this was 
because I could not possibly arrive in time for meeting. Still 
I started out with a prayer to the Lord that he would ad me 
in the performance of my duty. 

"I made all possible haste towards the place of meeting. I 
had gone but a short distance, when, on nearing the base of 
a mountain over which 1 had passed, I beheld, lying in the 
grass, where, apparently, no person had been, three shillings. 
Joyfully I picked them up, feeling that God had provid'd the 
same for me, and hastened towards the railway station. I, 
however, lacked sixpence of the amount required for my rail- 
road fare; but happening to call at the house of one of the 
Saints by the way, the brother who lived there, without know- 
ing my circumstances, kindly made up the necessary amount 
for my passage, and I arrived at meeting in time. Thus did 
the Lord answer my prayer, and cause my faith in Him to 
increase." 




FAITH AND INFIDELITY 
CONTRASTED. 



BY J. H. W. 




\~\ IE repeat it: there is ho antagonism between philosophy 
*» and faith. Whatever the seeming oppositions of the 
present, all in the end will be perfect harmony. The go»pel 
not merely overwhelms but comprehends all philosophy. 

The star of science shines very beautifully indeed in its own 
sphere; but its light at best is a borrowed light, and its beams 
grow pale and vanish before the glories of the sun of right- 
eousness. 

Often as the comparison has been made the result has been 
uniform— the sun outshines the star. Astronomy tried it. 
When the old Ptolemaic system was exploded by Copernicus, 
the vaunted wisdom of men proclaimed that the Bible also 
was exploded. But the star-maker triumphed over the star- 
gazers. 

The gospel may indeed be likened to a splendid palace which 
the Great Builder founded on a rock, digging deep and bolting 
it to the solid granite; and false religion to a building of fair 
appearance, but founded upon the sand, which, when the 
floods came and storms beat, falls into irretrievable ruin. 
False religion cannot endure investigation; but the gospel, 
though tried by the severest tests that science can devise, only 
reveals more fully its beauty and solidity. Instead of astron- 
omy undermining the temple of gospel truth, it has led the 
greatest of astronomers to unite with Herschel in the excla- 
mation, "The infidel astronomer is mad." 

Geology tried it. She came forth boasting her discoveries, 
and declaring that she had been among the rocks and deep 
down in the caves of the earth, and that she had found the 
teachings of the Bible contradicted by the strata of pre- 
Adamic ages, and had read its epitaph deeply chiseled by 
Nature herself in everlasting stone. But now the geologists 
admit that we have no rule for the measurement of geologic 
time. The fact is, we are not so far out of the dust, and chaos, 
and barbarism of antiquity as we had supposed. Geologically 
speaking, the very beginnings of our race are still almost in 
sight. The most eminent geologists admit that the total age 
of our race is not of necessity greater than indicated by the 
Mosaic history of primeval times. 

Anatomy also tried it. By all the appliances of modern 
science every bone, muscle and tissue of the human body has 
been examined; yet no one has discovered' the secret springs 
of action of the human soul. The power of vision, the 
source of muscular action, the fountain of life, have all eluded 
the skill of man. These mysteries belong to Him whose 
goings forth are from everlasting, and whose ways are past 
finding out. Man with all his learning and skill cannot solve 
the problem of his own being. 

And so with all other sciences. Many a wild hurricane has 
spent its force on this tree of life, but has only caused it to 
strike its roots deeper. The day is hastening when men of 
science will be the very first to recognize the authority of God. 
Already it is largely so. What infidel names can be placed 
over against Raphael, Reynolds, Rubens, Trumbull, West and 
Cole as painters, or what against Canova or Thorwaldsen in 
sculpture, or Christopher Wren in architecture, or Michael 
Angelo in all three? In poetry, Milton, Young, Shakespeare, 
Diyden, Pope, Montgomery, Cowper, Watts, Wesley, Scott, 
Beattie, Goldsmith, Wordsworth, Tennyson, Bryant, Long- 
fellow, Whittier, Hemans, Careys and hundreds of others 



who were all believers in inspiration. As if religion only was 
entitled to sing, infidelity has never produced a Handel, a 
Haydn, a Mozart, a Beethoven or a Spohr. Where can infi- 
delity find such a galaxy of peerless judges as Grotius, Selden, 
Blackstone, Hale, Mansfield, Wirt, Story, Kent and Freling- 
huysen. Among physicians, none can outrank Harvey, 
Sydenham, Boerhave, Gregory, Goode, Cooper and Rush; yet 
these all reverenced the name of God. Infidel philosophy 
can boast no names like Bacon, Newton, Locke, Stewart, 
Davy, Herschel, Cuvier, Whately, Hamilton, Proctor, Win- 
chell or Le Conte. Jesus was in His appropriate place when 
among the doctors; and the wise men of the east were never 
wiser than when they brought their royal gifts to Him. 

But suppose the Strauses, and Calensas, and Renans and 
lngersolls could do all they wish to do, what then? Suppose 
the Bible could be proved a bundle of fables and unreliable 
history, with no more authority than the Vedas of the Hin- 
doos; that the gospel is a myth; that its Founder and His 
prophets and apostles are only "amiable enthusiasts;" that 
their followers are only a band of remarkable fanatics; that we 
have no authoritative declaration of the will of Jehovah; that 
our religion, which lies at the basis of our civilization, is itself 
baseless; that the Saints of God, as a people, live, move and 
have their being in a stupendous lie; that man himself is 
only an animal; what then? 

If the being who made man has not had consideration 
enough for him to reveal to him His will, then he is not of 
the slightest consequeuce. These horrible wars which drown 
nations in sorrow, are the mere squabbles of a crowd of insects 
too insignificant ibr the divine notice. These dreams of moral 
purity, these aspirations after a higher life, these hopes of 
immortality, these outreachings toward the everlasting Father, 
the assumption that we have a nature higher than the horse 
we drive or the dog we caress, are all miserable mistakes. If 
there is no authoritative revelation from God, what better are 
we than the brute creation? When we have set revelation 
aside and renounced our hope of immortality and thrown off 
all our moral and religious obligations, and relinquished the 
leadership of the Savior, what shall we do for a restraining 
power to keep society together at all? 

If men should be convinced that they are only animals, and 
that God takes no notice of them, whose property would be 
safe? Whose life would be sacred? Who would be secure from 
the unrestrained ravages of every base passion that finds its 
home in the human heart? When Christ, as a Divine Being, 
or as a man divinely commissioned, dies out of the popular 
faith, what then? Who shall comfort the hearts that mourn? 
Who shall assure us that virtue has a reward, or that there is 
any such thing as virtue? Who shall stimulate the love of 
brotherhood, and move men to works of benevolence? Who 
then would strive to raise the world out of its beastly degra- 
dation? 

No candid observer will deny that whatever of good there 
is in our civilization is the product of the gospel. The very 
government under which we live was organized and established 
by men who were the instruments of God. 

That which gives us protection by day and night — the dwel- 
lings we live in, the clothes we wear, the institutions of mental, 
social and moral culture — all these are the direct results of the 
revelations of God. A faith in God is the very fountain head 
of every thing that is desirable in our civilization, and this 
civilization is the flower of time. Humanity has reached its 
noblest thrift, its high- water mark, its loftiest flight of excel- 
lence through the influence of this faith. 




And now we are told by infidels, in the most complacent 
language that the gospel is a myth, and that the Old Testa- 
ment, which holds a relation to the New Testament and all 
other divine records as the Hade holds to the ear, the bud to 
the flower, is a huge batch of absurdities with no valid claim 
to our respectful faith. We are told in effect that out of an 
ingenious lie, out of a cunning delusion, out of a baseless 
myth, out of a systematized falsehood has sprung all that 
there is in this life worth living for — the grandest motive of 
human progress in purity and power ! We are, in effect, told 
that by means of a stupendous cheat, men are trained to good- 
ness, purified of their passions, filled with love to one another, 
prompted to the highest heroism, inspired to sacrifices of life 
and fortune for the public good, and are built up into a civ- 
ilization which is immeasurably superior to all that human 
nature, assisted merely by human reason and false religion, 
ever dreamed ofl 

We are, in effect, told all this; and we now ask reasonable 
men what they think of it. Who are the credulous men— 
those who believe in a divine power and personage, out of 
whose life has flown into humanity those pure principles and 
elevating and purifying motives— or those who believe that a 
lie has wrought those marvels? 

Of all the credulous idiots that the age has produced, we 
know of none so pitiable as those who, in the full blaze of 
such a civilization as ours, soberly talk of the gospel as a 
myth and its Author as a cheat. 



SAVAGE POLITENESS. 



BY ROB. W. SLOAN. 




"tlTHILE yet the impression is strongly on my mind, I 
want to tell a couple of incidents about Indians which 
I learned while in Sanpete, and which ought to teach all a 
lesson. One of these relates to She-na-ba-wiken, the "White 
Horse Chief," about whom a story was told in the Juvenile 
a short time ago. It was after a treaty of peace had been 
entered into between the Indians and the whites, and while 
there was still a lingering element of distrust on the one side, 
and something of slumbering hatred on the other. 

The boys of Sanpete were herding in the mountain regions 
which skirt Sanpete Valley on the east. One night, or rather 
one evening, though it was about dark, the boys were cam ped at 
a point near which some of She-na-ba-wiken's tribe were 
located; and when they sat down for supper, several of the 
Indians gathered about the fire close by the boys. One 
Indian, however, stood aloof and watched the whites and his 
red brethren. The chief was recognized by a number of the 
party who called him by name. She-na-ba-wiken advanced 
and a place was made for him at the camp meal; plate, knife 
and fork were given him, and he was helped to food just as 
those already seated had been. 

Some may not know that men grow rather rough in the 
mountains and are inclined to overlook and be forgetful of 
those little acts of politeness which are observed without 
thought when in places where the civilized influences of home 
prevail ; but such is the case. So the boys sat at the meal 
with their hats on. As soon as She-na-ba-wiken had been 
provided with everything and before beginning to eat, he 
gently took off his hat, laid it on the ground beside him and 



began his meal. I can imagine the peculiar sensation which 
the boys felt when they saw that a savage — one who had never 
felt any of the refining influences which civilized people learn 
instinctively — recalled to them a sense of the duty they owed 
each other; and the rebuke, for such they must have felt it, 
though doubtless without thought on the part of the "White 
Horse Chief," could only have been the more severe as it was 
administered with such a delicacy and a modest politeness 
as would have graced the most polished courtier, and given a 
lustre to the gentlest nature. 

The Indians, after the treaty of peace, became quite inti- 
mate with Brother P. C. Peterson, of Ephraim, Sanpete 
County, and often stopped at his place, rested and fed their 
horses and had what food they desired themselves. One 
time — and I want to state here that it was before the conver- 
sion of the Lamanites to the principles of the gospel of Christ 
as taught by the Saints — quite a party of Indians stopped at 
Brother Peterson's house. He was absent, and his wife was 
alone. The Indians inquired for him, and learning that he 
was away, asked to be given food. Mrs. Peterson invited them 
into the house and spread out a meal before them. The dusky 
red men seated themselves about the table. A few words were 
spokeu among them, when all heads were bowed, and in their 
own peculiar language one of the party invoked a blessing on 
the food they were about to eat. 

My friends: you who are read in history, you who are most 
acquainted with deeds of unlooked for kindness, who know 
most regarding acts of unexpected politeness, I want you to 
point to a single instance in all your experience, in your vast 
reading, which, for nobleness of sentiment, for simplicity of 
goodness and for delicacy of politeness, surpasses the simple 
story above told ! These poor, untutored savages, wicked at 
heart, often, cruel in spirit and in deed, are imbued with a 
sense of politeness which would put to shame some of the 
most remarkable instances reported in the history of civilized 
races. What did they care for the blessing? Absolutely 
nothing. Was it a custom for which they individually cher- 
ished any respect? No. But they had eaten at the same 
table before: they had seen the master and the mistress of 
that house, before partaking of the food ready for their con- 
sumption, bow their heads and in humbleness of heart return 
thanks to the Great Being who had blessed them with the 
health and strength by which the food was procured; and 
they knew it was the custom of the house beneath which they 
were roofed. They were not versed in those superficial and 
too often hollow sentiments of gratitude which find expression 
through the lips, but which the heart seldom feels. They 
could not praise the excellence ot the meat, the whiteness of 
the bread nor the sweetness of the butter; of these things 
they knew nothing; but with that nobility of nature which 
is characteristic of true manhood before contaminated by the 
destroying influences which constitute the evils peculiar to 
some civilized communities, and which are encouraged under 
the belief that they inculcate refinement — with that nobility 
of gratitude and fine perception of what is truly polite, they 
bowed their heads, and in all earnestness, in all solemnity 
observed the customs of the household, returned thanks for 
what was before them and craved a blessing on it and on those 
by whom it had been provided. I would have given a great 
deal to have beheld that solemn spectacle. Some may laugh 
at it as ridiculous, and some may attribute it to an ignorant 
imitation; but the impression it left on my mind will be last- 
ing, for it shows that we may be taught humbleness, gratitude 
and true politeness even by a savage. 



H 




m 




46 



J-TJ^TE^TIXjE instrtjotob. 




EVENINGS AT HOME. 



THIRD EVENING. 



Mother. "My little boys are so noisy again to- 
night, I don't know that I can think of anything 
to talk to them about." 

Second boy. "Yes, mother, please tell us more 
about Adam and Eve, and we will be still." 

M. "What was the name of the garden in 
which Adam and Eve lived?" 

First boy. "Eden, and it had fine fruit in it." 

M. "What did the Lord say to them about the 
fruit?" 

First boy. "He said they could eat of all the 
fruit in the garden, only that which grew on one 
tree." 

M. "And did they remember to do as the Lord 
told them?" 

Second boy. "No, the 'bad man' went there and 
told them to eat the fruit that the Lord said they 
must not eat; and they did it. What made the 
Lord let the 'bad man' go into His garden?" 

M. "I do not know, unless it was to see if Adam 
and Eve would do right anyhow, even if the 'bad 
man' did tell them to do wrong. The Lord knew 
how it would all come out, and made His plans 
beforehand. Can you tell what became of Adam 
and Eve after they disobeyed the Lord, and had 
eaten of the fruit He told them not to take?" 

First boy. "The Lord drove them out of His 
garden, didn't He?" 

M. "Yes, He sent them out." 

Second boy. "What did Adam and Eve have to 
eat after the Lord sent them out of His garden?" 

M. "They had to plant seeds and raise grain 
and fruit for themselves and their children to 
eat." 

Second boy. "What were their children's names?" 

M. "Don't you remember the name of their son 
who was wicked and killed his brother?" 

First boy. "I do; it was Cain, and the brother that 
he killed was named Abel. What made Cain kill 
Abel, mother?" 

M. "Because Cain was wicked, and was angry 
when he knew the Lord loved his brother, who 
was good, more than himself." 

First boy. "Did the Lord make wicked Cain?" 

M. "He did not make him wicked." 




First boy. "Does the Lord make the folks who 
are wicked?" 

M. "He is the Father of us all, until some 
get so bad that He can no longer own them as 
His children." 

Second boy. "Are we going to bed now?" 

M. "Yes, and we will talk more to-morrow, if 
we can." 



A PRIMARY QUESTION AND ANSWER. 



A hundred children listening 

To a visitor's address; 
With glowing cheeks and beaming eyes, 

Their eagerness express. 

"You'r greatly blest, dear little ones," 

Exclaims their lady friend; 
"How many of you know from whom 

Your blessings all descend ?" 

A hundred little hands are raised, 

Sweet is the answer given : 
"I know from whom our blessings come — 

Our Father, God, in heaven." 

"I'm very glad," the friend remarks, 

"To find that you all know; 
For He alone can give good gifts, 

And blessings great bestow." 

"Suppose our homes, and all we have, 

Were spoiled by wicked men; 
And we were put in prisons dark, 

Who would sustain us then?" 

Again the hundred hands are raised, 

Again in sweet accord, 
A hundred infant voices shout, 

"I know! I know! The Lord!" 

Oh, happy mothers, whose pure lips 

These holy lessons give; 
In whose blest offspring's guileless hearts, 

This dauntless faith can live! 

No worldly honor, wealth or fame, 

Can offer such reward, 
As Zion's mothers claim to-day, 

Whose children know the Lord. 

Lula. 




Wi 



CTXT^TEl^riLE] UsTSTBTJOTOB, 




DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 




THE regular meeting of the Union was held on Monday, 
Jan. 7th, 1884, in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. General 
Superintendent George Q. Cannon presided. President W. 
Woodruff, Asst. Gen. Superintendents Geo. Goddard and 
John Morgan, and other Union and Stake S. S. officers were 
ou the stand. 

After music by the 21st Ward Brass Band, the meeting 
opened with singing by the choir and prayer by Elder John 
Vincent. 

Minutes of the December meeting were read and accepted. 

Supt. John Cowan gave a brief but excellent report of the 
5th Ward Sunday school. It was attended by nearly all the 
children in the Ward. The Sunday school missionaries had 
been out one Sunday with good results. 

Supt. Arnold G. Giauque, of the 6th Ward Sunday school, 
reported that since the Sunday morning visiting had been 
started, several weeks previously, the school had increased 
twenty per cent, in the attendance. Some individuals had 
been induced to attend who had not been in the school or at 
meeting for two or three years. 

Prof. Jos. J . Daynes gave an organ solo. 

Assistant Stake Secretary Jos. H. Parry then read the fol- 
lowing : 

The Salt Lake Stake Sunday School organization, being 
desirous of encouraging punctual and regular attendance in 
the Sunday schools of the Stake, and the commencing of 
schools promptly at the appointed time, and also the main- 
taining in each school of as full an organization as possible 
through the coming year, offer the following prizes, subject to 
the conditions stated below: 

To the school that reports the largest percentage in 
punctual and regular attendance of officers and teachers dur- 
ing the year, first prize, $20. 

To the school showing the next largest percentage, second 
prize, $15. 

To the school showing the next highest percentage, third 
prize, $10. 

To the school showing the fourth highest percentage, fourth 
prize, $5. 

Rules. — 1. The first prize is offered to those schools only 
that maintain the following complete organization during the 
year 18S4, namely: Superintendent, with first and second 
Assistants, a secretary, treasurer and librarian. It will, 
however, be allowable for one person to hold two offices, the 
duties of which do not conflict; and in the report such 
person, when punctual, may receive a credit for each of his 
offices. 

2. The prizes will be paid in Sunday school books to be 
selected bj a committee appointed by each school winning a 
prize. 

3. — The prizes will be awarded on the reports of the Sunday 
schools to be made on special blanks, which will be supplied 
by the Stake Secretary at the end of the year. Such blanks 
will show the following headings: No. of officers and teachers 
enrolled ; No. of officers and teachers punctual each Sunday ; 
No. of times school is held during the year; No. of times 
school opened punctually at the appointed time. 

4. The S. S. officers of the Stake will be the judges. 

All the Sunday schools of the Stake are expected to com- 
pete for the prizes. 



Elder George Reynolds stated that as the minutes of these 
meetings are published in the Juvenile Instructor and 
Deseret Neios, it had been deemed best to discontinue the prac- 
tice of reading them at these meetings. 

A class of seven little girls from the 5th Ward Sunday 
school very sweetly sang, "Only an armor bearer," the chorus 
being rendered by the choir. 

Asst. Supt. George Goddard felt already much encouraged 
at the results of the labors of the Sunday school visitors. 
Called special attention to the prizes offered by the super- 
intendency of the Salt Lake Stake. He was much gratified 
at the reform that is being wrought throughout Zion. In 
regard to the observance of the Word of Wisdom, he was 
much pleased that greater progress had been made during the 
last few months than he ever saw before. 

Pres. W. Woodruff said there is no north, no south, no east, 
no west, no primary association, no Sunday school, no mutual 
improvement association, no relief society and no Priesthood in 
these valleys that has a separate and divided interest from the 
rest, for we all belong to the kingdom of God. He had seen many 
reformations, but the one that had taken place within the past 
six months had been one of the quietest and best he had ever 
witnessed. The spirit of our last general conference had per- 
vaded and continued with the Saints in these mountains, par- 
ticularly with regard to the observance of the Word of Wis- 
dom. This he had noted especially during his recent visit to 
St. George. He prayed the Lord to bless the Sunday School 
Union which had been organized for the benefit of the youth 
of Zion. 

Sister Bird, of the 5th Ward Sunday school, sang, "Let us 
treat each other kindly;" music by Bro. J. S. Lewis and words 
by Sister Lula G. Richards. 

Asst. Supt. John Morgan related some very interesting 
incidents* of his early experience in the Church and of his 
labors in the south as a missionary. He related them as tes- 
timonies given him of the divine truth of the Book of Mor- 
mon and of the great Latter-day work. 

Music by the brass band. 

General Superintendent George Q. Cannon said that where 
there is so large a proportion of children as there is among us 
— which is very much larger than among any other commun- 
ity of the same size — particular pains should be taken to train 
them in the right way. They should be taught respect for old 
age and also to reverence God and all holy places. The people 
are, he was happy to say, making great progress, but much 
remains to be done in inculcating a proper regard for age and 
for .^acred things. He was well pleased with the reports given 
and would like to see every child attending the Sun- ay school. 
Brother Morgan's missionary experience reminded him of 
some of the manifestations of the power of God that occurred 
during his first mission on the Sandwich Islands, which he 
related to show the overruling providences of the Lord in 
accomplishing His purposes. 

The choral music rendered during the evening by the 5th 
Ward Sunday school choir and orchestra, under the direction 
of Brother George Clark, was excellent. 

The 6th Ward Sunday school was appointed to furnish 
music, doorkeepers and a report of the school at the next 
meeting. A lecture by Brother George M. Ottinger was 
announced for the occasion. 

Closed with singing, "Israel Awake," by Brother Charles 
Durrans and the choir. Benediction by Superintendent J. C. 
Cutler. 





48 



GrTJ^'El^TIXjE I1TSTRTJCTOE, 




SACRAMENT PRAYER. 




Words and Music by E. Stephens. 
-fcrl— 1 — i % =rl ~ 



\. £-+■-*- W -.»- ^— * w -m- * -m- 



w 5 " w ; ^ 

In re - membranee of Thy suffering, Lord, these emblems we par - take, When Thyself Thou gav'st an 



* t 



IBfcliisild 



-I* H* 

SB.. *: 



it: 



«=^ 



•=--zqffii|— -i 



3 



:j»=fczta 



£ 



3 



* * 




offering — Dying for the sinner's sake. We've for - giv - en as Thou bid - dest All who've 



:t 



.t: 



rterzfc 



zW—*—%- 



t= 



=J_ 



1*=&ZZ± 



m 



$—4^a~ — -■*?—>-, — I — | — w_ 



«*3J-> 



■ 3 s *** 






1" fiT 



£ 



-7 



trespassed a - gainst us, Lord for - give as we've for - giv - en AIL Thou seest a - miss in us. 

^ — ^ ^^ ^^ 



z5t: 



r4*- 



'—I E 






Sfg^=^S 



3 




Purify our hearts our Savior, 

Let us go not far astray, 
That we may be counted worthy 

Of Thy Spirit, day by day. 
When temptations are before us 

Give us strength to overcome; 
Ever guard us in our wanderings, 

Till we leave our earthly home. 



EN IGM A 



For me the saint will break h's word; 

By the proud atheist I'm revered; 
At me the coward draws his sword, 

And by the hero I am feared 

Scorned by the meek and humble mind, 
Yet often by the vain possessed; 

Heard by the deaf, seen by the blind; 
And to the troubled conscience rest. 

Than wisdom's sacred self I'm wiser, 
And yet by every blockhead known; 

I'm freely given by the miser, 
Kept by the prodigal alone. 



When Thou comest in Thy Glory 

To this earth to rule and reign, 
And with faithful ones partakest 

Of the bread and wine again, 
May we he among the number 

Worthy to surround the board 
And partake anew the emblems 

Of the sufferings of our Lord. 



As vice deformed, as virtue fair, 
The courtier's loss, the patriot's gains, 

The poet's purse, the coxcomb's care, 

Guess, and you'll have me for your pains. 

THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE U. CANNON, 



EDITOR 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




1852. 1883. 

BAItf WAGON DEPOT. 

HAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
trade of 1883, one of the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
sale in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Public generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc. , etc. , all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank — Oak Ash and Hickory — to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq. , has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by all 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
are, for cloth binding, $2,50: leather, $3,00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyrum Smith, Together with a Con- 
cise Review of the Most Prominent Incidents 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 1846. By Lyman 0. Littlefield. For 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 cts. 



pARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIS- 
J - > TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



nAVED JAMES, Tinner, 



SUBSCRIBE for the JUVENILE INSTRUC- 
TOR. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapte to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, hut is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volumepublished is as interest- 
ingnowas when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instructor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 50 cts. 

" - - - - six months, - - 1,00. 

" " - - - - one year, - - 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, ... in half calf, 2,50. 

" two in one book, - - - - "-.-... 4^5, 

three " " .... in c i th, . 7,00. 

Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 
01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



■QOOK BINDING, by an experienced 
^^ workman, in all styles and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 

them done ■promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

pHURCH WORKS, in complete Sets, con- 
sisting of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine 
and Covenants, Key to Theology, Voice of 
Warning, Spencer's Letters and Hymn Book, 
all Bound in Morocco, Gilt, extra embossed, 
For sale at this office. Price $ 1 3. 00 and $1 3. 50. 

n^HE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
*■ at our last Semi- Annual Conference are 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON TnE 
LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Inbturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 

Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 

Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 

No. 69 Main Street, 1 

Salt Lake City, Utah, j P. O. Box 306. 

12-15tf 



HmHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!' 

A And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z. C. M. I. 
H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.-Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets made and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the hest style, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

H. S. Eldredqb, Supt. 



PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
Minutes of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 ct., and 20 ct.. The best and 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

"D EPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the Juvbnilk 
Instructor Office, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reasonable terms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other h ^ps to 
the study of the scriptures — the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3.10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



"DACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
•U completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volumes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



A/f ARTIAL BAND MUSIC.-We have for 
"■*■ sale at this Office the second set of music 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published, by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



0. ESTABLISHED 1860. 

DAVID O. CALDER, 

Salt Lake City, 
Importer, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
ds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
SICAL MERCHANDISE. 
eneral Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 
MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
hose organs are acknowledged, the world 
er, to be the very best made. Each one of 
e 1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
idence of their durability and superior excel- 
race. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
ve been added lately to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
re taking the first rank in this and other 
untries. The largest dealers are competing 
r the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
old by me has given perfect satisfaction. 

W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
be splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
warranted. They exceed anything in the mar- 
ket at the price, and very much superior to 
nany at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
Of Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
man, Dowling & Peck, and Behr Bros. & Co. 

These Pianos are certainly the best of their 
class made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 

I am now prepared to fill orders for all grades 
of music for Brass and Orchestral Bands, in- 
struction books for all instruments, how to ar- 
range for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
bands, drum-major's guide, etc., Published by 
J. W. Pepper, E. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
Fischer, and ' Thompson and Odell, at their 
prices. 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Organ Instructors. 

White's School, 
Whitney's School, - 
Sudds' School, 

Piano Instructors. 
Sudds' School, 
Gordon's School, 
Bellak's School, 



Blake's School, 

American Instructors for all 
Instruments, 

Winner's Instructors for all 
Instruments, 

Song Folio: 208 pages of 
the most Popular Songs, 
with Piano or Organ Ac- 
companiment, 

Folio of Music, 208 pages: 
a magnificent collection 
of Music for Organ or 
Piano, - - - 

Songs and Ballads: 100 
Songs and Music, new and 
popular, ... 



Publishers' 

Prices. 


Prices. 


Mailed 
Prices. 


2 50 


1 00 


1 20 


2 50 


1 25 


1 50 


2 50 


1 35 


1 65 


3 25 


2 50 


2 75 


3 25 


2 50 


2 75 


75 


45 


55 


1 00 


50 


60 


75 


40 


50 


1 00 


45 


60 



75 50 



75 



30 



60 



35 



60 75 



60 



10 



75 



12 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of all 
the above instruments can be had on appli- 
cation. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 
and prompt attention. 



qpiIE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 
FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds. 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promoting 
Series." Just issued and for sale at this 
Office. Price 25 cents. 

OCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
^ Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight, 



AN INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 
of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 

/^VGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., atOgden, 
^--^ Weher Co. — A Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise on hand, at bed rock prices 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sears, Manager. 

PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S 
JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 

Z. C. M. I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Splits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



ESTABLISHED 1857. 

FURNITURE.— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc. 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, Salt Lake 
City, Utah. 13-15 t. f. 

YTTRITINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 

STANDARD," is the title of a book of 

512 pages, which we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PRATT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writings of 
this Great and Good Man, we have Printed them in Book 
Form, and will sell this Work of 300 Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 75 cents per Single Copy Postpaid. 



THE HAND-ROOK OF 
REFERENCE. 

It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
cribes the Religion and Country of the Saints, and contains 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourisis and Residents. Price, 
Postpaid, 60 cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LYDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Published, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. 



A NEW BOOK— The Lite op Nephi, 
•*"*- The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
known as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents 

Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



T OGAN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., at Logan, 
L/ Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

R. S. Watson, Manager. 



PLUBAL MARRIAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
True versus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the gospel are explained in a 
clear and pleasing manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several non"Mormorns" are the actors. Price 
3 cts each or $3.25 per hundred, post paid. 



