HOLINESS TO THE LORD. 

sUL 




VOL. XIV 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1879. 



NO. 4. 



THE LITMP PISH 






THIS is a curious-looking fish, a variety of ihe family of 
cyclopteridtw. The reason it has received the name of 
Lump Fish is doubtless due to its awkward, lumpish shape. 
The species here represented is said to be common to the 
Atlantic coasts, especially in northern parts of the United 
States. In northern regions it is very abundant, in which 
part.- it is used for food. On the eoa-ts of Scotland it is very 
common, where it has received the local name of "cock paidle." 
The same rule which lead-j to local names being given to 
animals and organized be- 
ings, generally from some 
fancied resemblance to 
familiar objects, or on ac- 
count of some peculiarity 
of habit or structure, has 
guided naturalists in giv- 
ing names. In the fish 
science, or ichthyology, 
many of the names are 
chosen to designate real 
or supposed forms of the 
tins. Thus the cyclop- 
terus is named in allusion 
to the circular form "I it- 
tin-. 

Naturalists describe the 
Lump Pish as having the 
head and bn.lv deep, thick 
and short, the back with 
an elevated ridge, the fins 

rather small, and the \— — = 
ventrals united by a mem 

braii'- as to form a 5J]^^gSPE=a^^B6 K?*,i , fcl 

racking di-k. Mott ef 

our boys, arc familiar with the leather sucker, which, being 
p]| 1 when wet upon a flat rock, will ding tC it by i' a < I 

the vacuum thus mad". Tin- principle has often been 

explained in the [NSTRUCTOB. It is -ei n in the foot of the 

fly, the structure of the vahe of the limpet and other crea 
tores, 
An anecdote i- told of the Lump I i-h whi sb shows the great 

lifting power of its sucker. Oi f these fish mi in ■ pail 

containing seme gallcni of water, and i itein lifted by the 




tail the entire weight of the pail and its contents was sup- 
ported. 

The flesh of this creature is said to be very insipid at some 
seasons. Its appearance certainly is not very inviting as food. 
In studying the habits of this curious specimen of the finny 
tiibe, we find that its peculiarities of structure are admirably 
adapted to the sphere which it occupies in the oceanie world. 
And, indeed, the same might be said of animals in general, 
as they are found in the sea and on the land. If this fact is 

not apparent to us in the 
case of any particular 
animal, it is because our 
knowledge of its life and 
structure is not sufficient 
to enable us to judge 
correctly. The study of 
the various creations thai 
surround us is calculated 
to impress upon the in- 
telligent mind the wisdom 
of the Creator. 

The Lump Fish is only 
one of the many animals 
inhabiting the sea that has 
the faculty of mooring 
itself to other objects. 

Some Of the others we 

have already described. 

Notwithstanding the 

tesque and clumsy form 

of the Lump Pish, its 

a p pea ra noe i o other 

i'cs] i- i- really bcaul iful. 

It- colors are very line, 

combining various shades of blue, purple and rich orange. 



Tin I. IIai-hnkss. There is in.lliing purer than h.uie-t\; 
nothing sweeter than ehaiit\; nothing wanner than love; 
nothing brighter than virtue; and nothing more steadfast than 
faith. These united in one mind, form the purest, the sweet- 
est, the richest, the ^brightest, and the most iteadfast happi- 
1 







38 



JTJTElsriLB I1TSTBUCTOB. 




SCIENTIFIC ZDI-A.LOC3-TTE 



BV J. L. r.ARFni'T. 



BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

PQPIL.— Will you please to explain to ine what is meant 
by the "doctrine of descent," as received by the evolu- 
tionist-.' 

Preceptor. — That doctrine is at present admitted to be 
founded on an assumption only, although it is believed in by 
those who desire to account for the origin of living beings 
without the intervention of a Creator. It is, in reality, a doc- 
trine of secondary causes, the foundation of which is laid in 
1 henomciia of which the senses can more or less take cogni- 
zance and reason upon. It is found that life in its lowest form, 
and, as ir i- assumed, iii i r - curliest form, is merely a speck of 
animated matier. This, it is assumed, is a living mass because 
it consols of those elements which, when combined in proper 
proportions and under favorable conditions, necessarily mani- 
fest the life function. To this speck of animated jelly the 
name of "protoplasm" is given, as it is supposed to be the 
first form of plastic living matter that is at present known to 
science. 

Pi I'll.. — If that is true, man, ia common wilh lower animals, 
is made up of protoplasm. 

Preceptor.— It is doubtless true that protoplasm, as 
defined by biologists, i- the most simple form of living matter; 
but this is no evidence whatever that matter has power in 
itself to spontaneously organize itself into life. Protoplasm 
is probably only the vehicle of life. I mean, the kind of 
structure by which life is manifested in organized matter. 
At the close '.I' the last century it was supposed that the 
principl of life was discovi red when Galvani announced the 
fact that the nerves of a dead frog were convulsed by elec- 
tricity; but ii'i one now in such vagaries. Now, 
enon of i : a in protoplasm, it is 
red; and the "doctrine of 
it" is founded on this assumption: that all living beings 
! oerated piotoplasm. One 
of the - for this kind of bio-gem 
that tl :y of matter is such that life should 
he exi d by the natural energies of certain 
ch other. Now. there is no evii 
er thai this is true. It is contrary to all human experi- 
■ i- has been known to 1 pi duced from 
the life principli iparted by ante: 
life. 

Pi I'll. —1! it tb tells us that G > 1 ma le man. as well 

as all other lit It even Eays the Lord ' made 

rih and il: i ; ry plant of the field la fore 

it was in i! nd every herb of the field b< fore it grew." 

nore reasonable to me that re made by the 

power of God than that they made themselves. 

Preceptor.- -You must not understand that the believers 
in the "doc rine of descent" deny th of a power by 

which thing- wen; made, but they deny the existence of a 
to exercise that power, as an intelligent ( Ireator. 
Neither do they teach that protoplasm at once elaborates 
itself into those higher organisms, such as man or the moro 
complex beings. They show that there are organisms of eyery 
degree of increasing simplicity downwards from the body of 
man to the tinv monad, a mere microscopic mass of almost 
un irganiz id protoplasm. The genesis of man. according to 
the Bible, is ascribed to God, as the fir-t c ius< : the origin of 

o 



man, according to the "doctrine of descent, is ascribed to the 
action of matter upon kself as a secondary cause, but no rational 
account of the nature of life or its origin is given. To 
these philosophers we can say: "There are more strange things 
in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in your philosophy." 



stie^im: ir ir, i nsr t i n" g- 
ir ir, :e e, s e s . 



FOREMOST among the human inventions of modern time s 
may be placed that of the steam printing press, which is 
now used so extensively throughout every civilized nation. 

Many who see the wonderful and intricate printing machines 
of the present age are astonished at the automatic powers 
which they combine; many are filled with wonder at seeing the 
immense numbers of sheets that can be printed from them in 
a short time; but few take the trouble to trace out the origin 
of the great invention. In tli3 midst of all the admiration 
which the invention excites, the inventor is forgotten. In this 
particular mankind may be charged with the deepest ingrati- 
tude. 

Fiiedrieh Konig, the inventor of the steam printing press, 
was born at Eisleben, in Prussia, about the year 1780. He 
learned the printing buisness, as it was then taught, under 
Hertel, at Leipsic. Even during his apprenticeship he longed 
for a reform in the slow-working, clumsy printing presses then 
in use, but his knowledge of mechanics was too limited for him 
to accomplish anything in that line. However, he made up 
his mind to apply himself to it after the term of his appren- 
ticeship expired. He did so, and after he had completed his 
plans he tried to secure their adoption by the German book 
trade. In this he failed. He was mistrusted, and taken for 
an adventurer. Having no means nor any opportunity to carry 
out his plans in his fatherlan 1, he departed for Russia. Here 
al o was disdain his reward, and after many privations he 
returned to Germany and embarked for England. This was 
in the year 1809. 

In England he met with many disappointments but finally 
succeeded in gaining the patronage of a Mr. Bensley, one of the 
leading printers. ITe tried to put his ideas into practice in his 
pressroom, but his first effort was a failure. He persevered, 
however, and with the assistance of a friend, named Bauer, a 
machinist, succeed id in making a cylin ler printing press, which 
answered the purpose so wall that Mr. Walter, proprietor of 
the Tim . new-paper, was induced to take him under liis patron- 
age. Accordingly, on the °.Sth of November, 181 I, it was used 
for printing the Times, 1800 copies being worked off, instead 
of 125, as formerly. This was the first printing ever done by 
ma ihinery propelled by steam. 

Mr. Walter and Mr. Ben-ley proved faithless to their agree- 
ments with him, and the inventor departed for Germany, where 
his reputation as an inventor had preceded him. The people 
of that country were ashamed of the wrong they had done 
him, and were ready to make amends. Maximilian I., of 
Bavaria, helped, him, in the year 1817, to buy a monastery, 
where he established his manufactory. 

We can all be a blessing to mankind if we will persevere as 
Konig did, ami take for our motto: "Think much, speak 
little, and always be active." 



Man wastes his mornings in anticipating his afternoons, and 
waste- his afternoons in regreting his mornings. 



a 



5JJSJE 




J T7 ^T IE HST I ILL IE INSTRTJCTOE/ 




.A. DIALOGUE, 

Between a Gentile Gentleman and a "Mormon" Boy. 



Gentile Gentleman.— "Well, my boy, how are you today?" 

"M rm x'' Boy —"I am well, thank you, sir. How are you'" 

G. G.— "Very well, my hoy. Would you like to talk with me 
a little to-day?" 

M. B — "O yes, sir, if you wish." 

G. G "Please tell me what you Mormon people believe in." 

M, B. — " We believe in a great many things." 

G. G.— "Do you believe in the Bible.'" 

M B. — "Yes, sir." 

G. G.— "X thought you did noil" 

M B — "O yes. we do. We believe in it more than many peo- 
ple do who say we do not, and more than most people do who 
profess to believe in it." 

G. G.— "What do you believe about God'r" 

M B - " We believe He is the Creator of the heavens and the 
earth. We also believe that Lie is the father of the spirits of all 
men, that they are consequently His children, thatin Him, or by 
His power, they live and moye and have their being, and that 
they owe to Him the respect and love and obedience which are 
due to a father, and especially to a father who is full of knowledge, 
power, wisdom, truth, justice, mercy, and loye " 

G. G — "What else do you belieye about Him?" 

M. B— "A great many things. We believe thatin different 
ages of the world He has revealed His will to men. Fur instance, 
to Adam, to Enoch, to Noah, to Abraham, to many prophets 
among the Jews, to 'Jesus Christ, to the Jewish apostles, to pro- 
phets and apostles in America in ancient times, and to Joseph 
Smith, some forty or fifty years ago We believe that the Bible 
. is a record of the dealings of God with the Jews, or rather with 
His people who lived in ancient times." 

G. G -"You do not believe, then that the Bible contains all 
the revelations of God to man" 

M.. B— "Oh no. There is nothing in the Bible of what God told 
Enoch, and lit',le of what he told to many others. Besides, how 
can God have a people on the earth at any time, unless they 
know and do His will' And how can they know His will, un- 
less He reveals it to them? The ancient inhabitants of America 
knew nothing or little of the book which we call the Bible The 
New Testament they knew nothing at all about. The Bible was 
made up in one book or set of books before America was known 
to the old world, or there was any communication established 
between the new world and the old The Bible is the ancient 
record of some of God's dealings with men in the old world, and 
the Book of Mormon is the ancient record of some of God's 
dealings with men in the new world, or America." 

G. G. — "You think, then, that God could not have a people on 
the earth unless He reyealed His will unto them'" 

M. B. — "1 do not see how He could- What would they know 
about Sim? How could they keep the commandments of God if 

He gave them no commandments? How could they do 1 1 i s will 
it they did not know what it was " 

G. (i. — "Well, they could not know much about Hini in that 
Ca^O. " 

M I! —"If He gave them commandments, that was revealing 
Hit will to them " 

G. G.— "Certainly it was. But most religious people believe 
that the Bible contains all the revelations of God to man that 
were ever given, or that ever will be given " 

M I'.. — "That in a very wrong idea, No such thing is laid in 
the Bible. ' 

i . G.— "Does not John the Rovelator jay, near the close of his 
last chapter, 'If any man shall add unto these things, God shall 
add n I, t<> him the plagues that are written In this book7' " 

M . Ii — " Y'--, but ih at was laid of the words of the prophi i 

of bis hook— hi- 1 k of Revelations, ool of the Bibb , for it was 

not made up into abook at that time. But that dm' n i ay that 
C> ml shall not add whatever He pleases and whenover He pies i 
John wmilii never bav« thought of saying that God -hill never 





give any more revelations than those which are contained in 
John's book of Revelations. He knew much better than that" 

G. G. — "Religious people generally do not so understand it " 

M. B — "Perhaps that is because they do not know any better. 
Some of them do not know as much as they think they do. The 
books contained in the Bible were not collected and put together 
in one book, until after all the writers of the various books had 
finished their mortal lives. There is no commandment in any of 
the books of the Bible for anybody' to put them all together as 
we have them in one book, and to put John's Revelations last. 
But it was done after the ancient apostles were gone and the 
ancient church had began to fall away from the truth, and with- 
out any special revelation from God directing it to be done, or 
naming the books which should be included in the Bible. But 
we believe it to be the word of God, nevertheless, a few errors of 
men excepted." 

G. G. — " Well, I must go now; so, good morning." 

M. B — ' Good morning, sir." 



IS 



3D ID UCATIO 1ST OPPOSED 

to iMop^nvcoisrisjv:? 



BY DANIEL DDUYWAITII. 



I AM induced to make the following observations on the 
proper training of children, on account of a remark which 
a young man recently made in my hearing, notwithstanding, 
strange to say, he had received a pretty fair common-school 
education. The remark was this: "A person has only to acquire 
a little education to see through Mormonism!" This was 
intended to ridicule the principles of the Gospel and the holy 
priesthood. Now, this young man, and every one else who is 
like him, is much to be pitied, for nowhere does education 
sanction such an idea. Let us see: arithmetic, for instance, is a 
branch of education, and does it teach that there is anything 
wrong in "Mormonism?" Chemistry, natural philosophy, 
physiology, etc., are also branches of education, and do they 
teach this young fellow, or any body else, that the principles 
believed in by the Latter-day Saints are false? I know they 
do not. On the contrary, a person who is honest, intelligent 
and well educated, and who has taken the pains (a pleasure to 
me) to investigate "Mormonism," can find therein nothing 
conflicting with true science. 

We should all bear in mind that we live in Zion. It is our 
glory, if not our boast, that we have as a people long feared 
God, and rendered obedience to His mandates. Very justly 
we attribute our superiority over those who are still groping in 
the dark, to our purer faith derived from that fountain of 
truth, the revelations of our Heavenly Father. If we arc so 
much indebted then to Our religion for what we arc, so much 
dependent upon its life giving truths for what we may hope to 
be — how important it is that all our young should be nurtured 
under its influences, and should not be led astray by those who 

do not value the truth as they ought to, and who, whenever an 
Opportunity presents itself, do their utmost, directly or 
indirectly, to deceive and mislead the youth of this Territory, 
I do not feel like enlarging on what I have here hinted at, 
trusting thai some one else who is better qualified, will do so. 
But, however, before concluding, 1 will say to the young readi rs 
of the Juvenile Instructor, especially those who have 
arrived at years of accountability: Do what is right; obej 
your parents or guardians; be kind and courteous to all; be 
industrious and economical; be brave enough to tell the truth 
tinder all circumstances; store your minds with useful know- 
ledge, and be humble and prayerful, ami the Lord will bless 

J and lake care of you. 



.-Ai 



- 4=0 



JTTYBNILE HTSTRUCTOR. 




H .^ V IE .A.3ST J^Xls/L 



AN aimless man is one of the most to be pitied upon earth, 
lie goes drifting along with the tide of fate, without any 
prospect of an anchorage in the present and little hope for the 
future, a miserable, shiftlessbeing, aeurse to himselfaud society 
at large. 

Have an aim, some purpose in life. The great Giver of all 
good bestowed upon every man some powers, some faculties ot 
I lis mighty divinity. No sane person is without the ability to 
reason: without something of euiriiug in his hands: without 
some knowledge that will bring recompense and happiness, if 
but rightly used. The talent, if only a single one, was not 
given to be buried; the brain, not curiously fashioned to die of 
its own sloth; the arm, to become paralyzed fioiu want of use; 
the intricate machinery of the muscles, to rust for want of the 
polish of friction; and the mysterious telegraph of nerves, to 
become inert, because there is behind it no telegraph of 
action. 

The lack of a firm purpose caused the primal ourse to fall 
upon the human race. It was the utter absence of it that 
made temptation easy, and both the temptation and the curse 
have followed down the long lane of ages until the present 
hour. The much to be pitied human wrecks that strew the 
shores of time are proof positive of this. We see them upon 
every side; they loom up from every headland, are stranded in 
every shoal, and sunk in every quicksand. A firm and well 
defined purpose, one carefully ard faithfully wrought for, would 
have carried them safely through; the want of it was the fruit- 
ful source of disaster. 

A m»n without an aim, no matter if his abilities are shining 
as the angels, is a rudderless bark, driven at the whim of 
every shiftine wind. He has mi determined port ahead lurwhivh 
he steers; no compass to guide; no sun by day or star by night: is 
lost in the chaos of the elements -a human leal fluttered and 
whirled without stay or resting place. 

T - ■ 'complish anystable good or acquire wealth < >r reputation 

in this woi Id, a man must know what he is going to do. and d" i\ 

una of chance in our lives is as utterly false as in creation. 

Greatness is very rarely thrust upon mankind: and riches come 

notwitl I tients Ling. "The sky dees not rain larks," 

ami goldlies deeply hid len. Grain that is to bring plenty and 

the soil, and we cannot gatlier figs 

from thistles. Tl massive tree is not the upshoot- 

and kn iwli d i ues not with the burning of 

There is no lamp of Aladdin for us, and tbe 

ring to which we mu es is toil. 

The lives oi th tea b ihi lesson of purpose and 

aim n Their aim was unwavering, and the reach- 

Dstant. The top of the mountain of success 

evei so great. The win- 

., ■ gal ii red by una asing 

i.d. 

The aimless m in nevi mipli shed any mighty n 

spasmodic i fforl of to-day was nullified by the indolence 

irelessncss ol thi morrow. While he rested, the stream 

■.wept biui farther downward than tl point, and his 

unguarded turned by the fickle current 

faraway from the desited haven, ai of better and 

i purpose ti ok his i 

An aimless life must be barren il nood result. No matter 

what the effort, it will bewasted; no manor whal the sacrifice, 

it will be lis) less; no matter how ureal the -in ngth, if misap- 

.ut t.o mori ei r ol' the most feeble 



child. Niagara will turn thousands of wheels, if properly 
directed and controlled; but. left to itself, will sweep them all 
away, and its very might become ruin. 

And there must be incentive as well as action. Of the former 
there is no lack: love, fame, reputation, the consciousness of 
having done good to others, the pride of plaes, the comforts 
of old age, the blessings of those who will come after us, are 
sufficient, to say nothing of the higher and brighter glory in 
the beyond: and, granting these, why man should be blown 
about as a feather in the breeze is a paradox beyond the answer- 
ing, when everything in nature teaches tbe importance of hav- 
ing something ahead worthy the struggling for. 

The purpose of the seed is fixed at the very instant of sowing 
— fixed unalterably. There is never the least of wavering, and 
cannot be anything of change. Tree, grass or flower lies con- 
cealed within the womb of the tiny principle of production, 
and the majesty of branch and the roseate fruition will never 
know of any aimless growing. The light of the stars is fixed 
and in the cycle of the ages their purpose will be accomplished. 
The thread of water trickling from the massive rock in the far- 
away hills is certain to help swell the ocean. The storm has Its 
cause mapped out at the outset, and to the lightning and the 
earthquake are given bounds. Tides have their ebb and flow, 
and tbe erratic comet its course. In nature everything is immu- 
tably fixed; man is the one purposeless, drifting, aimless thing, 
that makes mocking of his God-given reason, belittles his 
divine birthright, and sinks beneath the shadow of inaction 
and irresolution. 

Why should these things be "and overcome us like a sum- 
mer cloud without our special wonder?" It is a duty he owes, 
not only to the Master Workman, who fashioned him out of 
dust and breathed into him the breath of life, but to himself, 
to be up and doing — doing to some purpos3. There is no tini3 
for idleuess, for the frittering away of opportunity, for working 
without some definite end in view. Life is far too short and 
uncertain, its requirements and responsibilities too great to 
be whiffling from one thing to another. At the best we will 
full short of our aim, if placed high enough; and it should 
ever be above our roach. Toll us not of failure; that is noth- 
ing. The eagle directs it.~ course towards the sun, and though 
strength of wing fails to carry it thither, it is the noblest bird 
of all. Fail! What if you do? What if you are stopped when 
half way to tbe goal! You will be better and nobler and hap- 
pier for the effort. 

Have some purpose in life — tlm more exalted the better — 
and stick to it. Throw doubt to the winds, and listen to no 
syren song of ease. Better failure in a good causa than want 
of effort in any. Aim to bo king, and, if you cannot, press as 
nearly as possible to the throne, and 'so catch at least a portion 
of the reflected glory. 

This i- the talisman of success in business, bo it what it may. 
This is i he very key-note to the march of triumph. Without 
it every enterprise will be a failure. It may require years; the 
brain and the arm may tire in the struggle, and the heart grow 
taint, but the will must never he paralyzed, nor the courage fal- 
ter. Itude as was the speech and crude the illustration, yet 
there was wisdom in the command of the battle-scarred veteran 
of Continental times; when bis little company, reeling with the 
shock, would have retreated, waving his broken sword, he 
>houted: "Pick your flints, boys, and try 'em agin." The "try 
em agin" was victory. Rome may fie beyond the Alps, but 

what of it? Itetermiue to -moi cd. and in the end you will. The 
proud heart knowsnosiich base idea as failure, and acknowledges 
no such woid as fail. 



^ ? 



I . 





J TJ "V E 3ST I L El INSTRUCTOR 



41 



3® 



^ 



Have an aim, and keep it ever in sight. The clouds may 
gather and roll in the thickest of blackness, but behind shine 
sun and stars the same. What if mountains rise in your path? 
Have you not the strength and nerve to climb? You cannot; 
they defy efforts and enterprise? Then bore a way through — 
tunnel, and, laughing at the frowning cliffs gtzs -apdq the 
fruitfuluess of the valleys beyond. 

Have a purpose, and let nothing bar you from its accomplish- 
ment. Difficult? Laborious? What is that to man when 
compared to the upreared islets of the minute coral insects? 
Difficult? So much the better; the greater the struggle, the 
brighter the renown. Deepest in the mine lies the diamond: 
and under millions of tons of rock and earth is hidden the 
wealth of the "Comstock." Difficult? Where the ocean rolls 
fathoms deep and the great shark and giant octopus swim rests 
the pearl- bearing oyster. Ah! true glory lies in the overcom- 
ing; and the fruit that falls at the first shaking ol the tree is 
worm-eaten and rotten. The tree that soonest yields to the 
strokes of the woodman's ax is hollow at the heart. 

Resolve what your aim for the future is to be; what the goal 
you would win; what the end you will reach; keep your eyes 
fixed ever upon it, and let notiiing turn you aside. This will 
command success in whatever rank of life you struggle; is not 
confined to any single one; is true of all. Resolution is one- 
half of the fulfillment. No man utterly failed who ever kept 
steady to one purpose, and battled bravely for it. Resolut : oa 
and determination ever command respect. Settle well wha 1 : 
you would do, and proclaim as from the hous3 top: 
"Let come what will, I mean to bear it out, 
And either live with glorious victory 
Or die with fame, renowned for chivalry. 
He is not worthy of the honeycomb 
That shuns the hive because the bees have stings." 

Have an aim; make it as high as possible. Lift your eyes to 
the stars. Look over the mountain, rather than at it; across 
the water, rather thau into it. Be men, and court rather than 
shrink from struggles. Lift up your business rather than sink 
with it. Do anything — everything honorable — sooner than 
pass through life aimless and purposeless, a worthless straw, 
blown by the winds of fortune, to at the last fall with nothing 
done, nothing accomplished. Printer's Cabinet. 



RBVELATIOF 



Be Energetic to the Last. — A wise man will never rust 
out. As long as he can move or breathe he will be doing for 
himself, f<>r his neighbor, or fir posterity. Almost to the last 
hour of his life, Washington was at work, so were Young, 1 Inw- 
ard and Newton. The vigor of their lives never decayed. No 
ru-t marred their spirits, li is a foolish idea to suppose that 
'we must lie down and die because we arc old. Who is old? Not 
the man of energv, not the day laborer in science, arl or benevo- 
lence; but lie only who Buffers his energies i" waste away and 

tli'' springs of life i" bee motionless; on whose hands the 

hours drag heavily, and to whom all things wear the carbof 
gloom, [s he old? should nol be asked; bul is he active? can 
he breathe freely and move with agility? There are scores 
of grayheaded men whom we should prefer in any important 
enterprises to those young men who fear and tremble at approach" 
ing .-ha oid luiii pale at a lion in their path, at a harsh 

Word nr a I'm.-, ii. 



[n most quarrel then is fault on both sides. Both fliot and 

sIim-1 arc i >-ary to the production of a spark. Either of 

them may hammer on wood for ever, and no fin- will follow. 



BY MATTHIAS F. COWLEY. 



THE more I learn of the discordant condition of the world, 
the more apparent to me is the necessity for immediate 
revelation; for it is impossible to understand God and his pur- 
poses, unless the channel of communication is opened up 
between Him and the human family. Jesus says: "No man 
knoweth the Son. but the Father; neither knoweth any man the 
Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will 
reveal him." 

It is estimated that there are about one thousand religious 
denominations. Can anything short of the revelations of God 
bring these jarring sects to the "unity of the faith," and to 
the "knowledge of the Son of God?" No; for the sectarian 
confusion, the jarring systems, and conflicting creeds, existing 
in the world, are the results of the absence of divine revelation. 
No man can consistently accept of the gospel of Jesus Christ 
and reject God : s immediate revelation. Through the medium 
of revelation, the Almighty has made known His mind and will 
in every dispensation. God is unchangeable, "the same to-day, 
yesterday, and forever." In the same way, through the same 
divine channel that He revealed His word in former days, He 
will reveal it now and in all coming time. He is a God of con- 
tinuous revelation. He could not be otherwise, and be unchange- 
able. 

By revelation the Lord raised up the Prophet Noah, who 
was a preacher of righteousness a hundred and twenty years. 
He revealed to him the fact that He purposed destroying man- 
kind by means of the flood. Noah and family, by hearkening 
to this revelation, were saved in the ark; while all who rejected 
the divine message, perished in their sins. 

By the revelation of God, Abraham left his country and 
kindred, and moved to a strange land, a choice land, the Land 
of Promise. He was also told that his seed should be a 
"stranger in a land that was not theirs," and should "serve 
them," and be afflicted "four hundred years." Again, by 
revelation, God raised up the prophet Moses, who, being led by 
revelation, delivered the children of Israel from Egyptian bon- 
dage. The Almighty spake to Moses out of the burning bush, 
saying: "I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest 
bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt." 
Through the medium of revelation the- Prophet Daniel made 
known to king Nebuchadnezzar, the meaning of his remarkable 
dream. And when the wisdom of their wise men, the astrologers 
andmagicans failed, Daniel, by the spirit of revelation, inter- 
preted the mysterious handwriting, which appeared upon the 
wall, at Belshazzar's feast. Daniel acknowledged the goodness 
and powerof the "Most High." "There is a God in heaven," 
said bo, "that revealeth secrets." And in another place it is 
written: "Surely the Lord will do nothing, but he revealeth 
hi- secrets unto his servants the prophets." 

\ , ■•.. the Almighty certainly wouldnot, consistently with 
His immutable character, bless former ages with the revelations 

of His will, and withhold them from the present generation. 

God is just and merciful, and. as He is "no res] ter of per- 
sons," He will necessarily open up a dispensation of the gospel, 
in the latter day-, preparatory to the second advent id' the 
Messiah. 

Angels have visits 1 the earth an 1 restored .tho everlasting 
gospel. U id has lifted up "an ensign upon the mountains," 
1. 1 which Israel is gathering, that they may walk in the ways 
of the Lord; for, 'When the Lord shall build up Zion, He 

shall appear in His glory." 






& 



Fb 



42 



j'TJ'srEisrirjE iitstbuotob. 






^lt^ jfmjenilq |(nstrndott. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 

SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1879. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




^^P'^Ci T is very gratifying to note the growth of 
a literary taste among a great many of the 
young people of our community. Through 
the medium of the Mutual Improvement 
Associations a good work is being accom- 
plished in the development of a taste of 
this kind. In most of these associations 
a part of the discipline consists of writing 
essays and literary compositions of various 
kinds. In many of them these are collected 
together in the form of a manuscript paper, 
edited by some of the members, as they may 
be chosen for that purpose, issued periodically 
and read before the association. We have had 
the privilege of perusing or listening to the reading 
of a number of these papers, and have been very 
favorably impressed by them. A great deal of talent 
is being developed by this means, and many persons, 
who, from bashfulness or other causes, are not very forward 
at giving vent to their ideas, orally, show an aptitude for get- 
ting them into shape in writing which is really encouraging. We 
have before alluded to the benefits to be derived from theme- 
writing. The importance of such an exercise can scarcely be 
over estimated. It develops habits of thought and study, 
powers of reasoning, a desire for information, an acquaintance 
with various subjects, and the faculty of communicating 
knowledge to others in the most useful manner possible. We 
commend the practice to aJl who are laboring in the mutual 
improvement cause. We advise all our young friends who 
aspire to positions of usefulness in any capacity, to practice 
the art of writing, in an easy, terse and intelligible manner, 
whatever ideas they have or may acquire upon any useful sub- 
ject. We advise them to follow the injunction given to us by 
the Lord through the Prophet Joseph Smith: "seek ye diligently 
and teach one another words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of 
the best books words of wisdom: seek learning even by study 
and also by faith." 
We advise them to seek by prayer for the Holy Spiiit to 
them in the acquirement of knowledge, as also in 
communicating tl orally or by writing. Inspiration from the 
Almighty is worth more to them than the theories of the 
learned of this world. It was this that enabled the Savior to 
speak so learned the Jews to marvel, and say 

"How knowcth this man letters-, haying never learned?" It was 
this that enabled Joseph Smith to teach tliose great truths of 
science and of political and social economy which he had no 
chance of learning from bo iks as they were at that time — and 
many of them are yet— in advance of the learning of the 
world. 

Some of our young people are likely to excel as writers, as 
they arc evidently gifted in that line; but there is no person so 
highly gifted by nature as to render it unnesessary for him to 
study and try to improve. Then is no intellect so bright that 
proper training and practice will no( make it brighter. Excel 



lence in any literary pursuit is generally the result of patient 
perseverance. The best writers the world has ever known 
would never have deserved the name if they had not spent 
years of labor and study to attain to such perfection. No writer 
ever had any greater incentive to prompt him to persevere 
than the young people of the Latter-day Saints have. Our 
Church offers scope for the exercise of all the ability in this 
line that may be developed. We have the pure gospel which 
has been restored to the earth to regenerate and save mankind. 
This gospel has to he preached to all nations. One of the 
most effectual means of spreading a knowledge of the gospel 
is through the medium of the press. The time is fast approach- 
ing when the Latter-day Saints will wield a mighty influence 
throughout the world by the power of the press. Writers will 
be required, writers of intelligence, writers who are devoted 
to the cause, writers who will seek inspiration from the 
Almighty, and who will perform their duty in His fear only. 
Scores, hundreds and thousands of such will be wanted. The 
young men and women who aspire to fill these positions and 
who are striving to qualify themselves for that purpose are 
worthy of all admiration. Let them persevere and they will 
accomplish something worth living for. 

We have before us No. 3 of Vol. 4 of the Institute Index, a 
manuscript paper, which is published by the 20th AVard In- 
stitute; in other words, the improvement association of the 
20th Ward. It is one of the worthiest of its class. We have 
seen copies of it before, and in some instances extracted articles 
from it, as we shall be pleased to do from any papers of a 
similar kind, if permitted to do so, and they are worthy. The 
editor-in-chief of the Index in the present instance is Charles 
Sansom, with W. H. Culmer, G. W. Davis and G..E. Anderson 
as assistants. It is published monthly, and new editors are 
appointed for each month. From its pages we learn that the 
Institute was organized Jan. 20, 1873, with about seventy 
members. It has steadily increased in interest ever since, and 
although the Ward since that time has been divided up, and 
portions of it allotted to- the 18th and 21st Wards, thereby 
depriving the Institute of many of its members, new members 
have constantly been added, so that it now numbers 134. The 
publishing of the Index has been one of the most attractive 
and instructive features of the exercises of the Institute. The 
editoral in the present number consists of a historical review 
of the association. Then follow original articles, entitled 
"Try Harder," "To our Late President," "Russia, her Growth 
and Aggressive Policy," "A Greenhorn's Experience in Repair- 
ing a Cabinet Organ," "Cities of the Past," "A Winter's 
Night," "Oxygen," "Recollections of a Night on the Top of Mt. 
Vesuvius," "A Few Words on the Early History of Photogra- 
phy," "Alliteration," etc. It is not every association that can 
command the amount of talent that the 20th Ward Institute 
can, but all can certainly emulate its example. 

BENEFIT OP WORK. — It is not the revolution that destroys 
the machinery, but the friction. Motion is nature's law. 
Action, physical and mental, are requisite to man's full develop- 
ment, as well as to his real happiness. And yet nine persons 
out of ten are anxiously looking forward to the coveted hour 
when they shall have nothing to do, forgetful that if that time 
should ever occur it would date the decay of their faculties and 
the dulling of the keen edge of pleasure which always accom- 
panies expectation, Those who are full of business have little 
time for worry, sickness or despondency. It is the man of 
voluntary or enforced leisure who mopes and pines, grows un- 
happy, worrying himself into the lunatic hospital or the grave. 




a-TJ^TEi3sra:rjE iustbuotob. 



43 




THE ENTOMOLOGIST. 



THIS engraving represents the work room of a celebrated 
entomologist and agricultural writer, Mr. A. S. Fuller, of 
Ridgewood, N. J. This gentleman has spent many years in 
collecting bugs and studying their characteristics. I>r. 0. 
Phelps Brown, of Jersey City, gives a very graphic account of 



insects, and there are probably many more. Taking this view 
of the matter, it is no wonder that individual bug collectors 
give their time to the study of but one order or family. 

One family of beetles work exclusively at trees. Their 
grubs live and bore into the timber. There, for instance, are 
the long-homed beetles, 551 species being aheady named and 
described in the United States. Every farmer knows the 





a vigil in that naturalist, from which we extract such informa- 
tion as will be interesting ami instructive to our readers. 

It appears that in the United States, of beetles alone there 
are probably not |c~< than 25 000 species. Taking beetles, 
ninths, butterflies, bugs, tin's, ants, etc., together, there must 

I vet- 100,000 different species inhabiting the United States 

alone. It i- rapposed that over 100,000 kinds of plants are 
M'aiti-rci] nvcr the world, and live distinct Bpeoies of insects 
prey upon each plant This would give us 500,000 kinds of 



apple- tree borer, which is one of the long burned family. 
Thin there is the tic-kin- beetle. It is often found in the 
Eastern States, breeding in pine trees. The mule may be 
seen standing on the bark of a tree or an old log. It will 
throw forward its antennae and make a ticking sound, supposed 
in In- a call-note to its mite, lor the female will invariably 
appear, and the couple fly away together. 

'I'ln- i!e-truetiveness nl beetles may lie iniayim <1. Some of 

tin ir grubs are as large as a man's finger, and live in the 



*p 



% 




44 



J TJ "V TST>T I Xj E HTSTRTJCTOR 




truDk of a tree for ten or twenty years before changing then- 
shape and becoming beetles. All these years they are con- 
stantly feeding. They go boring through the trees like augers, 
and leave trails as crooked and devious as the oath of a ship 
in a head wind. Some grubs bore over fifty feet in oak trees 
before they turn into beetles. But these grubs have their 
enemies. The little woodpecker eals the eggs which he finds 
on the bark of the tree, and nips the grub as he is working 
his way in. As the forests are cut down and the country 
becomes more cultivated, the number of grubs increase, for 
the woodpecker leaves us. He will not visit isolated groves, 
either because they are so small that he don't consider the 
grain worth reaping, or because he is shot and frightened 
away by sportsmen, whose numbers seem to increase with the 
decrease of game. 

One might suppose when a grub is encased in two inches of 
solid green, hard maple, that he is pretty well protected from 
the outside world. But it is not so, for there is a fly that 
finds and destroys him. This is the ichneumon fly. It has 
been a great mystery to know how this fly can tell the exact 
spot in the tree to find the grub. She undoubtedly does it by 
listening, for a man, placing his ear to the tree, cao hear the 
grub boriog. The ichneumon fly. by listening on the tree, 
knows where to find her grub. The next thing is to get in to 
it. She places her eggs through a fine horse-hair like tail; 
this may be called an egg-placer. Its technical name is an 
'"ovipositor." By the side of this a kind of two-bladed saw 
is placed, with which the fly cuts through the solid wood to 
the grub. But when she reaches him she does not destroy 
him. She simply drops an egg upon his back, the egg hatches 
another grub, and the second grub bores into the first one, 
feeds on him, destroying him, and enlarges, until in time, 
after various changes, it emerges from the tree another 
ichneumon fly. It cannot propagate its species without find- 
ing 'his grub. 

In this fly how completely nature does her work! Take the 
maple tree. Of all the seeds that fall from it to the ground 
one in a thousand grows. Of all the seedlings, through 
crowding and accidents, one in a thousand lives and becomes a 
tree. But if this one tree had no enemy, the maples would 
crowd out all other vegetation. So along comes the borer and 
keeps the trees in check, and through fear that the borer 
might overdo the work, Nature sends along the ichneumon 
fly and keeps the borer in check. 

Tlii' business of the entomologist is to give the public correct 
information about the habits of insects, that those which are 
injurious to man may be known and destroyed, while those 
which ure benefi sial may be preserved. 
'I'll'- study «d' ili,- beetle is very fascinating, and cabinets 
Ding properly arranged insects of this family are very 
'beautiful an 1 duable. Some American beetles are remark- 
able for the fine phosphoric light they emit. The fire fly is 
an inseci of the beetle tribe. These have been noticed in our 
'- before. Then there is a very famous beetle belonging 
to the "scaralscica;." This was held to be sacred by the 
it Egyptians. Representations of this insecc are found 
among the hieroglyphics, Gems and charms are elaborately 
wrought into the image of the sacred beetle. Then there is 
the "burying beetle,'' to which that name has been assigned 
from the habit of undermining small dead animals and burying 
them beneath the earth to place their eggs in and feed their 
young lar i grubs. 

The professional entomologist has many advantages com- 
pared with other collectors of specimens illustrative of other 

: 



departments of natural history. The space occupied is com- 
paratively small; insects are easily procured; they retain their 
beauty; they can be arranged scientifically. A display of the 
"coleoptera" of North America is very attractive, and a visit 
to the cabinets of Mr. Andrew S. Fuller would be a treat to 
every admirer of nature's handiwork. 

Of the methods of collecting and preserving insects much 
has been said in our columns by some of our brethren who 
have given attention to entomology; and although it is very 
few persons who can devote the whole of their time to the 
study of insects, a. large amount of information has been 
obtained in relation to our local insect fauna. 

This engraving of an entomological cabinet and the books, 
drawers, logs of wood, etc., is exceedingly interesting. The 
savant is represented examining a "bug;" a beetle, is impaled, 
and several specimens of coleoptera are ready for pinning, 
classification and preservation. The bottles are well covered 
to keep out atmospheric air, and to keep in the various odors 
which will destroy living insect pests that would devour the 
specimens. The perforated wood tells us that this naturalist 
has got his "pets" around him, to quietly make continuous 
observation*. Such studies become very fascinating, and as 
we have directed the attention of our readers to a great many 
details of the art of collecting and preserving our local insects, 
we have given them an opportunity of seeing the interior of 
the studio of an entomologist among his beetles. 



THE FIFTH OOJVCJVEA-lSrTD- 
ZMHEJNTT. 



THIS commandment may be found in Exodus, xx. chapter, 
12th verse, and reads as follows: 

"Honor thy father and thy mother; that thy days may be 
long upon the land which the lord thy God giveth thee." 

The boy or girl who keeps sacred this commandment is a 
great bles?>ing to his or her parents, and is doing that which is 
well pleasing in the sight of the Lord. No one who has been 
obedient to his parents from childhood to manhood, has ever 
regretted being so, providing his parents have trained him up 
in the way he should go. The best men and women that have 
overlived are those who have kept inviolate the fifth com- 
mandment. 

The Lord has promised a great blessing to those who will 
honor their parents. Can any of my young readers tell me 
what that blessing is? "Honor thy father and thy mother," 
saith the Lord. What for? "That thy days may be long 
upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee." This 
is a glorious promise, and I hope that all the boys and girls in 
Utah are striving to gain this blessing. 

While writing on this subject, it brings to my mind an 
incident which occurred in old England several years ago, in 
my childhood days: A woman and her son lived close by 
where my parents and their family resided, lo course of time 
the mother of the young man was taken sick, and for several 
weeks she was confined to her bed. She being poor, her son 
had to wait upon her through her illness. Outside of the 
door wa* a pretty singing bird in a cage. It belonged to the 
young man, and while his mother was sick he amused himself 
many an hour with thi* bird, instead of being by his mother's 
bedside, lie fed the bird well, called it pretty names, and 
paid more attention to it than he did to his sick parent. 
Many times his mother would call him, but he seemed to heed 
her very little. He did not keep sacred the fifth command 



. I 




IW-! 



JUVENILE INSTBUCTOR 



45 




ment — he broke it. Bid he honor the mother who had watched 
over hiiu and cared for hiiu from the days of his infancy? No. 
A few more days passed over, and the woman died. 

This was a sad blow for Thomas. Lsft alone in the world, 
without father or mother, brother or sister, he began to think 
that he had done wrong. He wept bitterly, and called for his 
mother, but there was no answer. He would have given the 
world if he could have called her back; but it was too late; 
her spirit had fled. 

My young readers will probably want to know if the young 
man still had the fame love for the bird after his mother died 
as before. No. Shortly after his mother was buried, I noticed 
the bird and cage had disappeared — he sold them. 

In conclusion, I will say: children, otey your parents. 
Love honor and respect them; then should they be called away 
from this mortal sphere, you will have nothing to regret. 

R. A. 




r a |i It g . 



vTOSisiph: simiitiei 



TIKI IE 



[Continued.) 



A 1 



k 



T the time of which we write the Saints were living in a 
IX land of so-called civilization, the proudest boast of whose 
people was that they were a free people with the fullest liberty 
to worship God according to the dictates of their own con- 
sciences. Yet you can understand by what we write that the 
prophet and Saints of God could not dwell in peace. Their 
fathers had fought and labored for liberty, and had helped to 
establish this free government, and they were therefore entitled 
to all the rights of American citizenship; but they were not 
permitted to eujoy them, because they chose to worship God 
according to the p'an revelled and taught by the Inrd Jesus. 
The same spirit which led the Jews, the Romans, the Greeks 
and the other peoples of the old world to hate, persecute and 
kill the Savior and His disciples prevailed also in free, lepi b- 
lican America. Their conduct proved ihe truth of ihe words 
of Jesus when He said: "Ve shall be hated of all men for my 
name's sake;" and of Paul, also, when he said that "they 
who lived godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." 

How thankful we all ought to be that God has led us to a 

'land where we have been able to dwell In pi ace and have the 

privilege to worship G id without any one having the right, to 

i us or make «■ afraid! There isa great contrast between 

the circumstances which surrounded the Siints at the time of 

which we write and th in which we are now placed. Could 

.1 i ph have lived until these d tya how much he would have 
piized them! 

\ soon as Joseph and the company reached Nauvoo, the 
Municipal Court came together, and Joseph told theui thai 
"the writ of the M wtei ol Chancery at Dixon was madi return- 
able to the nearest court having jurisdiction; and you are tbal 
court." Reynolds was required in legal form to return the 
writ, but he refused, Joseph then drew up n petition to the 
Municipal Court of the city of Nauvoo, in whioh he eel forth 
i one lor believing th it hi- arrest wa, illegal and in vio- 
lation of law, and prayed that a writ ol' habeas DOrpUl might 



be awarded, directed to Reynolds, commanding him to bring 
him (Joseph) without delay before the Court that he might 
be dealt with according to law. A writ was issued command- 
ing Reynolds to bring Joseph before the Municipal Court, and, 
in case he should refuse, the City Marshal was authorized to 
arrest him. Reynolds returned the writ with the cause of 
Joseph's detention endorsed upon it. He refused to submit 
to the writ, but submitted to the attachment, and Joseph was 
delivered into the hands of the Marshal of the city. Joseph 
requested the privilege from the Court to fill his appointment, 
which was granted, and the Court adjourned until the next 
morning. A large congregation assembled in the grove, and 
Joseph addressed it, giving, among other things, a recital of 
all that had occurred connected with his arrest. While he 
was speaking Reynolds and Wilson started for Carthage. 
They threatened to raise the militia and to come again and 
take Joseph out of Nauvoo. 

The next day, July 1st, the Municipal Court met, and pro- 
ceeded to investigate the writ of habeas corpus. Hyrum Smith, 
Parley P. Pratt, Brigham Young, George W. Pitkin, Lyman 
Wight and Sidney Rigdon were examined as witnesses. 
Their te-timony was conclusive. They described with great 
minuteness the scenes through which the Saints had passed 
and the cruel and inhuman persecutions they had endured from 
the hands of the authorities and people of Missouri. After 
listening to their testimony it would ha^e been nothing less 
than consenting to the murder of an innocent man to have 
given Joseph up to Reynolds, to be dragged by him into 
Missouri. While he was in that State his life had been sought, 
and it was only by the power of God that he had been enabled 
to escape. He was not guilty of the least offense against the 
laws; but if his enemies could have carried him to Missouri, 
they would have murdered him. 

After the testimony had been given, the lawyers employed 
by Joseph — Walker, Patrick, Southwick and Backman — each 
addressed the Court. They exhorted the Siints "to stand for 
their rights — stand or fall, sink or swim, live or die." An 
order was then made out for the discharge of Joseph from 
arrest and imprisonment — that he should be discharged for 
want of substance in the warrant upon which he was arrested, 
as well as upon the merits of the case. The lawyers named 
above made an affi lavit to the effect that no violence or threats 
had been made use of towards Reynolds or Wilson either on 
the journey to or after their arrival at Nauvoo. and that they 
came to Nauvoo voluntarily and were in do danger of violence, 
etc. This affidavit was drawn up to contradict the lies which 
Reynolds and Wilson had told to excite prejudice against 
Joseph and the Saints and to make the public believe that 

their prisoner had been taken from their custody unfairly and 
with threats ol' viol. nrc. In fact, se lively had this affidavit 

1 ii signed when word came to Nauvoo from Carthage that 

these villainous men were Stirling up the people to mobocraoy, 

and were about to send a petition to (lovernor ford for a pi,sxe 

(that is, a body of men) to retake Joseph. Reynolds and 

Wilson had filed their affi lavils that Col. Markli am had, with 

armed force, taken Jo-eph out of their hands. The citizens 
.." Nauvoo immediately made out a petition to the (io\ rnoi 
praying him not to issue am' more writs against Joseph; also 
a remonstrance against the Carthage proceedings. A trans- 
cript of tin- trial I. el ore the Municipal Court, and various other 

documents throwing light upon Joseph's oase, wore delivered 
to his lawyers, with instructions to see Governor ford imme- 
diately. 

To be t 'ontinued. 



% 



Q& 



'J3^ : 




46 



JUVEITILB IUSTBTJOTOE. 




IHSTZDI^ZST TBADITIONS. 



BY R. II. SMITH. 



IT^HILE many of the young readers of the Juvenile 
»? Instructor may be conversant with the articles of our 

faith, and also many of the principles contained in (he Book 
of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants and other Church works, 
they may not realize, to (he extent that l he older members do, 
the information there is to be found in the Book of Mormon, 
and the living proofs we have of its authenticity.. 

My young friend-, among tho-e poor, utitutore] Indians 
that come around your pleasant homes to a-k you for some- 
thing to eat, you will find a living testimony of the Hook of 
Mormou. Among them, like all other tribes of the original 
inhabitants of this continent, you will find traditions of a 
period in their history when they were a white and enlightened 
people, understanding many of the arts and sciences of the 
present age. 

While traveling among the different tribe? and nations of 
Indians, or, as we call them, Lamanites, in Arizona aDd New 
Mexico, I and my fellow- laborers did not find a tribe, where 
we could get access to them asd learn of their ancestry, but 
wha* would cite us back to the time when they were more 
enlightened aud farther advanced in civilization than they are 
at present. And then they wnu'd in ariably tell us that the/ 
were looking forward to the tiuae when they would again 
attain to this standard of life. Often, too, the aged would 
regret that they were so old, fearing they would pass away 
before this time arrived, which they looked forward to with 
such (Treat anxiety, and hoped to live to see. 

Now, the I! jman Catholic church holds almost unbounded 
sway over these tribes of Indians, having sent their priests in 
among them upwards of two hundred years ago. Most of 
them are bound by covenants which fetter them as with an 
iron band, and yet. although they how down before the images 
in the Catholic sanctuaries and go through the rites and 
ceremonies of the Catholic religion, they hold tribal meeting-; 
and when from under the ruling of the priests they will talk 
with each other upon and teach their children to look forward 
to the time when they shall be redeemed from such tyranny. 
They repeat the tradition and indulge in the hope that in the 
future good men, possessing the influence of the Great Spirit, 
will ermie amonz them and bring them the history of their 
forefathers, and be instruments in redeeming them from the 
curse that they understand full well is upon them. 

When we would read the Bonk of Mormon to them and tell 
them that it was a history of their ancestor.*, they would listen 
to it and then compare it with the saying* of their aged people 
if itwas really what they expected would come to them, 
do instanc • did we fail to convince them of the truth of 
it. Iu many, very many cases they would stand up and testify 
to ii- that they knew it was true, as it agreed wit)] the traditions 
handed down to them by their father-. 

1 will L-ive you an example of how much they are interested 
in it, and to whaf i u. nt they will go to find out if it i* true. 

In New Mexico then 1 Indian-. -all,.! the I'ueblo-, 

composed of some nineteen villages, or tribes known as the 

V-leta-, Lagunos, etc. Well, tl nineteen tribes have a form 

-.eminent in each village yet tl to the Ysleta 

village as the head of the whole nation, and in casesof impor- 
tance they always ask counsel of the authorities there before 
deciding upon any question that will affect them as a people 



Now, a few of these Indians had branched off and removed 
some three hundred and fiftv miles down the Rio Grande, 
and established themselves in the western part of Texas. 
While in our missionary labors we came across these and 
presented to them the principles of the gospel. We also told 
them that we had the history of their fathers. They listened 
to us attentive'y, in private (for the priest would not allow 
them to go to our meetings), and to'd us that they believed 
what we said was true, and as for the Book of Mormon, they 
said they knew in was true. But we could not prevail on them 
to partake of the blessings promised them by the gospel until 
they could get word from the ''heads" of the nation, as they 
called them, meaning the Ysleta Indians some three hundred 
and fifty miles up the river. As Brother A. M Tenney and I 
were appointed to go among the Pueblos up the river, these 
Indians said they would send a delegate from their tribe with 
us, to introduce us to them, and that if they sanctioned it, 
they would then listen to us. 

Now mark their way of evading the pries'. When we were 
ready to start the delegate came and informed us he could not 
go; so we started out alone. Imagine our surprise, several 
nights after we had left their little village, at being awakened 
by some one, and, on bis entering camp, recognizing our intended 
delegate. He had remained behind some two days to throw 
the priest off his guard, and then left in the night and rode 
almost night and day until he overtook us, and this to find out 
if the gospel was true. 

He then traveled with us to the village of Ysleta, and there 
introduced us to one of the leading men of the nation by the 
name of Juan Rey Lueero, the ex-chief of the nation. We 
were kindly received and treated by him and many others, 
and our principles were being investigated by them with good 
results until the priest found out we were there. Then he 
cdled all the people together and warned thorn not to harbor 
or feed us, on pena'ty of being dealt with in a church 
capacity. He also sent word to our friend Lueero to drive us 
out, but, as he was interested in the Book of Mormon, which 
he was reading (for he was educated in the Spanish language), 
he paid no attention to the command of the priest, or even 
his thteats, until he had sent some six times for him to go to 
Albuquerque to be tried before a Catholic tribunal at that 
place. Still he did not go, but would testify to us day after 
day of the things he read, and say he knew that they were 
true, and that the book was a true history of his fathers. 

Finally the Catholic prie-t threatened to take him if he 
would not go of his own will. When he told us this, we said 
we thought it would be better for us to eo. He replied that 
for our safety he thought we bad better, but requested us to 
remember him and his people, and to go among the Zunis, 
where he thought the priests would not have so much influence 
agaiost us. This we did, and were blessed in our labors, as 
we baptized one hundred and eleven of the Zunis, and we 
have their testimony to the Book of Mormon. 

Xow, my young readers, though these poor, ignorant 
Lamanites are thought by some to be hardly worthy of our 
notice, they should have our deepest sympathy, and we should 
do all in our power to have the gospel carried to them, as also 
the Book of .Mormon, which contains a record as dear to them 
as the history of our fathers .would be to us; and they are 
ready and willing to receive it. 

I have received a letter from Brother A. M. TeDticy, who 
I recently visitied the Zunis, and in it he states that they 
siught private interview-, and meetings whenever they could get 
them, and in every instance would give a hearty welcome, with 



\-P 



<4 



,\ 



<*s 



yr> 



g£P" 



j-tj-vbiistxXj'b:- iuste/TJOtor 



4=7 



these words: "We believe you to be the servants of God. and 
that you are our friends, and wish to do us good. ' ' 

Such is the feeling of many of the Lamauites at the present 
time in regard to the gospel, and their traditions are among 
the many evidences we have of the divine authenticity of 
the Book of Mormon. 



$,mfoh\\U§ in HQumatj, Jijuoil 



AMONG THE HOTTENTOTS. 

IN our last number we gave an acjount of the style of living 
that prevails among the Abyssinians. The food of the Hot- 
tentots, another race inhabiting Africa, as described by the 
same author, affords an interesting study: 

The Hottentot is noted for his excellence as a hunter, in 
which pursuit he is especially persevering, differing strongly in 
this respect from some of the other races of that wonderful 
country. And it is said that when he has succeeded in killing 
his game his voracity is seen to equal his patience. Hunger 
he can endure with wonderful indifference, tightening his belt 
day by day, and contriving to support existence on an almost 
inappreciable quantity of food. But, when he can only pro- 
cure meat, he eats with a continued and sustained voracity that 
is almost incredible. For quality he cares but little, and so that 
he can obtain unlimited supplies of meat, he does not trouble 
himself whether it be tough or tender. Whenever one of a 
horde of Hottentots succeeds in killing a large animal, such as 
an elephant or hippopotamus, and it happens to be at a distance 
from the kraal, the inhabitants prefer to strike their tent-like 
houses and to remove them to the animal rather than trouble 
themselves by making repeated journeys to and fro. The 
chief reason for this strange conduct is, that if they took the 
latter alternative, they would deprive themselves of one of the 
greatest luxuries which a Hottentot can enjoy. Seldom tast- 
ing meat, they become semi-intoxicated under its influence, 
and will gorge themselves to the utmost limit of enduranc , 
sleeping after the fashion of a boa-constrictor that has swallowed 
a goat, and then awaking only to gorge themselves afresh, and 
fall asleep again. 

There is an excuse for this extraordinary exhibition of 
gluttony, namely, that the hot climate causes meat to putrefy 

i rapidly that it must be eaten at once if it is eaten at all. 
Even as it is, the Hottentots are often obliged to eat meat that 
is more than tainted, and from which even the ereatest admirer 

of high game would r il witb horror. Theydp not, however, 

seem to trouble themselves aboul Buch trifles, and devour the 
tainted meat as eagerly as if it were perfectly fresh. Wbat- 
r may bo the original quality of the meat, i( owes nothing 
to the mode in which it is dressed, foi the Hottentots are per- 
baps the very worst cooks in theworld. They take an earthen 
p it; nearly fill it with water, put it on the fire, and allow it to 
boil. They then eu( up theirmeat into lumps as large as a 
man - fiat, throw them into the pot, and permit them to remain 
there until they are wanted. Sometimes, when the leasters 
are asleep themselves, they allow the meat to remain in the 
pot for half a day or so, during wbieh time the, women are 
obliged to keep the water continually boiling, and it maybe 
imagined the ultimate result of their cooking is not particularly 
p-ilit ible, 

It has already been mentioned that the Bottentol tribes are 
remarkble for their appetites. They are no less notable for 

I I'' 

m 



their power of sleep. A thorough-bred Hottentot can sleep 
at any time, and it is almost impossible to place him under 
conditions in which he will not sleep. If he be pinched with 
hunger, and can see no means of obtaining food either by 
hunting or from the ground, he lies down, rolls himself up in 
his kaross, and in a few moments is wrapped in slumber. Sleep 
to him almost answers the purpose of food, and he can often 
say with truth that "he who sleeps dines." When he sleeps 
his slumber is truly remarkable, as it appears more like a 
lethargy than sleep, as we understand the word. A gun may 
be fired close to the ear of a sleeping Hottentot aud he will not 
notice it, or, at all events, will merely turn himself and sink 
again to repose. Even in sleep there is a distinction between 
the Kaffir and the Hottentot. The former lies at full length 
on his mat, while the other coils himself up like a human hedge- 
hog. In spite of the evil atmosphere of their huts, the Hot- 
tentots are companionable even in their sleep, and at night the 
floor of a hut will be covered with a number of Hottentots, 
all lying fast asleep, and so mixed up together that it is 
scarcely possible to distinguish the various bodies to which the 
limbs belong. 




tzele^ie m little boys. 



ONE day I overheard three little boys talking about what 
they would do if they had a hundred pounds (about five 
hundred dollars). 

The first one who spoke said: "If I had that much money 
I'd buy lots of cakes and candy, and have a good feast." 

The next one said: "If I had a hundred pounds I'd buy a 
buggy and horse, and ride all over the country." 

The third one remarked: "I wouldn't do that; I'd buy a 
piece of land, and build a nice house for my father and mother 
to live in; 1 would." 

These ideas led me to pen the following: 

THE BOY'S Till-: FATHER OF TUE MAN. 



There's a suject T will mention, which we'd all do well in .run, 
And which no one with good reason can decry; 

It is worthy our attention, as a part of nature's plan, 
And to every one on earth will well apply: 

Chorus. 

In every age and state, with all men, both small and 

i Let any one deny it, now, who can,) 
1 1 comOS as sure as fate — unerring, soon or late, 

That "the child is the father of tin' man." 

If the child be cross and wayward, and is ever hard to please, 
And his playmates very apt to -cratch aiel cut!, 

In his manhood he'll he froward, he'll not studj others 1 ea e, 
But, most likely will lie churlish, bard and gruff. 

'Mong the ri-ing generation an observer "ft will trace 
I n a gem rous and noble girl or 1>o3', 

In Ho 1 vme r the body, ami the ontour of the face, 

That the fu i o re of their actions will I > ring joy. 

The greedy and the sellish among the infant throng 

How apt in all their phases may he found; 

I Ml a ha! red for the nol.lc, and a liking for what's wrong, 
In their childi-h freaks and fancies w ill abound. 

The drunkard and the glutton, tile unstable, weak and frail, 

And the avaricious miser and the mean, 
The patient ami for hearing, who are never known to fail, 

With the noblest of the noble may he seen 





CT TJ "V IE 3ST I L IE HTSTBTJOTOB 






CLOSING HI 3T IMI IDsT . 



Words by Geo. Manwarinq. 



~>3 



J-—, — 



» » — :3. — -.J— 3 —* s — ^— D — a.— -.3. — * *-*— 



Music Arranged by E. Beesley. 

-I ,■ 



l. 



Lord, 
Id 



we 
the 



ask Thee 
in - no 



ere 

cence 



VTA 

of 



part, 
youth 



:».— :SL" 

Bless the teach 
We would all 



ings 
Thy 



£25 a F u — u c — t. — 3 — g- — P — P — q — p — p — » — 1= — , 




-*- 

of 
laws 

— m— 

I 



this hour, 
ful - fill; 
_J _ 



'9 }- 






heart, 
truth, 



*= 



_, -J ->— J-v -JL- n J 1 J , 



That through life they 
Give us strength to 

i — m --. — *L» —'■» •— — p .- 



may 
do 



en - dure. 
Thy will. 



•—m-— — m — 3 o # 






Father, merciful and kind, 
While we labor for the right, 

May we in Thy service find 
Sweetest pleasure, pure delight. 



All our follies. Lord, forgive. 
Keep us from temptations free; 

Help us evermore to live 
Lives of holiness to Thee. 



tzhue lordwill :p:r,o- 

VIDIE. 



is 3sr 1 a- nyc .a. 



BY JOS L I01V1 SIM' 



That the Lord will provide, 
Is a promise that's given; 
Ye faithful and true, 
'Tis a promise to you! 
So, in meekness confide, 
And look upward to heaven: 
The Lord is our father, 
The Lord will provide! 

How the Lord will provide 
From the store-house of heav'-n, 
We know not alway, 
But yet will we pray; 
For we're never denied. 
When, in poverty driven. 
We ask for our Father, 
The Lord, to pro 

WIiii 1 : I ird will provide 
Whi us from heaven 

Xot always we > 
When in poverty low 
supplied, 
n we bravely hn 
In wisdom our Fatl 

When the Lord will pro -. 

I • ill hi MV.'II, 

He will aid, 
He in vi- has -aid; 

I 
A I oft waited and ) roven, 
d Iways our Father, 
1 I, will provide. 



ALLKY S. ROSE. 



My first is in Cromwell, England's pretender; 
My second in Grant, who would never surrender; 
My third is in Lincoln, who crushed the rebellion; 
My fourth in Bismarck, the great politician; 
My fifth in Alexander, who conquered the world; 
My sixth in Washington, who our flag unfurled; 
My seventh in Hannibal, Rome's great invader; 
My eighth in Kapoleon, the mighty conqueror; 
My whole is the name of a soldier brave, 
Who has spent a life time, his country to save. 



Til k answer to the Enigma published in No. 2 is the letter 
A. We have received correct solutions from MaryT. Jeffries, 
Grantsville; Jno. Walton. Isabella Walton, Mill Creek; Harriet 
S. Stillman, Lydia Oseuthorp. E i<t Mill Creek; Mary Ann 
Mitchell, I'arowan; B.J. Beer, Josiah Barrows, Alice Lea thaw, 
L. Duke, Salt Lake City. 



An act by which wc mike one fr!end and one enemy is a 
losing game, b> enge is a nuch stronger principle 

than gratitude. 



iV 



JUVElTIIiB lUSTSTZR/TTaTOK* 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON TIIK FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



T E II M S IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy t per Armum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^S-Otfice, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabornacle.J^alt Lake City. 



Qu 



i 



