-«^ 



p^. 



fBlht^ss U i\t %Qx)i\ 







VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, JULY 20, 1872. 



NO. 15. 



IIsTTElv^I^BK^TLISraE. 



To most of you, into -whose hands this number may fall, the 
accompanying engraving will not bo very suggestive, for you 
have had the good fortune to be reared in a country and among 
a people where such scenes as the one here represented arc un- 



Mark his patched, shabby pants, his coat out at the elbojvs, 
his battered hat, and his helpless condition, and all brought 
about by drunkenness. He has been inside the drinking 
saloon -where everything is gaudy and gorgeous in appearance; 




kno-wn. Whisky, rum and brandy are words full of fearful 
import, and blessed are they who pass tlirough life without 
acfiuiring a taste for them or any other kind of intoxicating 
drink. Just look at the miserable wretch in the engraving. 



but having spent his last dime, he has been turned out like a dog, 
and there he lies on the sidewalk to be jeered, scoffed at, kick- 
ed or illused, and he utterly unable to protect or defend himself. 
Look at the piece of p:ipi'r pinned on the wall, just over him, 



1^2^' 



vfe 



?? 



*^ 114: 



JTr^En^ILE in^STI^TJOTOI^, 




on ■which is ■nritten, "Specimen of work done Inside." Do 
you understand that? It means that the man who enters a 
drinking saloon sober, with money in his pocket, and conscious 
of everything taking place around him, when his money is all 
gone is turned out, helpless and destitute, to die in the ditch, 
for all they care who have sold the liquor to him. 

Boys and girls, you may have never seen such horrible scenes 
as this, but they abound, in real life, in the East and West, and 
iu every country in Em'ope. Take a walk in almost any street 
in any of the large cities in Christendom, and you may see the 
drunkard reeling along, or lying helpless on the ground. Him- 
self in rags and tatters and, unless too drunk to talk, oaths and 
curses issuing from bis lips, lost to every sentiment of self- 
respect, and despised by everybody. Would you believe that 
thousands of men pursue just such a course of life? It seems 
hardly possible to believe it, but it is unfortunately true that 
they do. And great as the evil which they thus work to them- 
selves, they work infinitely more to others. 

Go to the home and see the family of the drunkard, and 
there you may behold, not to the fuU, for that is inestimable, 
but more fully the evil and misery that his folly causes. See 
how bis dwelling is furnished! Two or three shabby, old 
chairs, a broken table, a small cracked looking-glass hanging on 
the dingy walls; neither pictures nor books, nor anything to 
make home attractive or beautiful! See the wife and children 
of the drunkard; they are the very embodiment of wretched- 
ness and poverty! His wife's cheeks hollow with want, her 
dress little better than rass, and may be the marks of her 
drunken husband's violence and abuse on her person. She has 
lost hope, she sees nothing in life to make it desirable. Com- 
pelled to toil unceasingly to procure bread sufficient to satisfy 
tlie hunger of her children, she is dejected, every energy par- 
alyzed by want, poverty and illusage. 

Then see the children! Poor things, they are little better 
than outcasts. Their clothing is of the shabbiest kind, and 
hardly enough to shield them from the cold. They rarely have 
a meal of good food ; they know nothing about the benefits of 
schooling ; the joys and comforts of home are unknown to them. 
Instead of gentle words and kindness — children's heritage at 
home, they have far more frequently harsh words and blows, 
for their father is a drunkard, and has long since ceased to care 
for either wife or children. Do you think the picture is over- 
drawn? It is not a bit. There are thousands of such homes 
and fathers, and hundreds of thousands of such women and 
children in Europe and America. 

But this pitch of wretchedness and misery is not reached in a 
day, a week, a month or a year. The vice of the drunkard, 
like most or all others, is one which grows and strengthens the 
more it is indulged in. The young man of to-day, strictly 
sober and thoroughly industrious, may marry and start in life 
with every prospect before him, of a happy and prosperous 
career. But by and by, induced by the solicitations of friends 
or fellow-workmen, he takes a social glass, and this is followed 
by another, and another, until the taste for whisky, rum 
or brandy, is acquired, and then good-bye prosperity, good-bye 
comforts of home, good-bye to self-respect and to the respect of 
friends, all, everything that makes life desirable are sacrificed. 
Drink must be had. No matter if wife and children go short 
of food, the drunkard's craving must be satisfied. Their plead- 
ings and tears are vain, for the feelings of the husband and 
father are obliterated by the passion inspired by the demon of 
intemperance, and nothing stops him in his downward career 
until, pitied and scorned by all, he sinks into the oblivion of 
the grave. 

You may think this picture is exaggerated, but it has been 
the experience of countless numbers in the past, and as many 
more are following in the same track to-day. Drunkenness is 
among the greatest sins of every co-called Christian nation ; 
and we have been induced to address our young readers thus 



plainly from the fact that, within the past two or three years, 
it has made its appeirance, and is a growing evil in two or 
three of our principal cities. A few years ago " groggeries," 
or drinking saloons were unknown in Utah ; but we regret to 
say that this is no longer the case; and we have greater regret 
in saying that occasionally one of our young men may be seen 
frequenting such places. The fate of all such, if they persist in 
the evil, is the same as that wbioh has overtaken him in the 
picture; for the "Specimen of the work done Inside" is just 
as true of the drinking saloons of Utah as anywhere else. Let, 
"Touch not, taste not, handle not," be your motto, and you are 
safe ; but once give way and learn to drink and to have an 
appetite for intoxicating drinks, and your prospects are blight- 
ed, and you have bid adieu to all hope of honor, respectability 
or usefulness in life. 

The Scriptures state that the drunkard can not inherit the 
kingdom of God ; and to close this article, we will refer you to 
and request you to read, the 35th chapter of the prophecies of 
Jeremiah, in which you will learn that the Great Creator so 
approved the course of the Kechabites, who totally abstained 
from the use of intoxicating drinks, that he promised them 
they should never want a man to stand before Him for ever. 



o xa: TJ K. G s:. 

{Continued.) 



THE 



NO one not familiar with the circumstances which surrounded 
the people before and after leaving Nauvoo, can conceive 
of the difficulties which President Young and his brethren of 
the Twelve Apostles had to contend with in leading the people 
forth into the wilderness. His responsibility was, of course, 
far greater than that of all others combined ; for he was the 
leader. To him all looked for counsel and guidance. If any 
were in trouble, they appealed to him for help. If there were 
difficulties, he had them to settle. The burden and direction of 
the affairs of the camp rested upon him, and it required 
incessant vigUance to maintain proper regulations in the camp, 
also to have the traveling properly arranged and the labors 
of the men managed to the best advantage. • Let us give 
you a few instances, that you may form some idea of the 
weight of care which rested upon President I'^oung during those 
days. 

Hundreds of men left Nauvoo and crossed the river about 
the time the Twelve Apostles did. Many of them had but a 
small amount of provisions, and the teams and wagons that 
they moved with were furnished for the purpose of assisting 
the leading men to move and also to haul Church property. 
Three weeks were spent in camp at Sugar Creek until teams 
could be raised to haul the public property that was to go with 
the leading company, yet there were fifty teams lying there 
loaded with families who might very properly have waited 
until they had secured an outfit for themselves. While Presi- 
dent Young and the other Apostles were there, eight hundred 
men reported themselves iu camp without a fortnight's pro- 
visions. The camp was not more than one hundred and fifty 
miles from Nauvoo before President Young, who had started 
with one year's provisions for his family, had fed it all out. 
The other Apostles were in the same condition. This was a 
cause of constant embarrassment and difficulty. The men who 
ought to have been free to go ahead and find a suitable place 
fur a home for the Saints were kept back. It seemed as if the 
people were determined not to let them proceed on their 
journey. They not only kept in their company and embar- 
rassed theiV movements by requiring help in food, and occupy- 
ing the teams that should have been used to assist them on 
their journey; but they exercised faith that the Twelve 



&3^' 




J- TJ ^ E IsT I Xj E IITSTI^/TJOTOI?/. 



115 



Apostles might, not get far ahead oi them. Besides their 
prayers, there were hundreds at Nauvoo who were praying and 
importuning the Lord that they mif;ht be enabled to overtake 
the camp. All these were retarding causes, and the camp 
traveled so slowly that, in speaking upon the subject, Presi- 
dent Heber C. Kimball said, it would take years to reach the 
mountains. 

But while the above were causes of annoyance and perplex- 
ity, there were others which were of a more painful character 
than they were. There were men in the camp who would not 
be controled. One of these was a prominent man, who, instead 
of giving trouble, should have aided in warding it off. Bishop 
George Miller was unmanageable ; he would not observe order, 
and could not be controled. Finally, President Young was 
compelled to say that he would be disfellowshipped from the 
camp unless he repented. This may have had some effect upon 
him for the time being; but if it had any, it was only tem- 
porary. He continued to manifest a disposition to draw off by 
himself, and to travel when and as he pleased. When a man 
indulges in such a spirit as he had, it is easy for a servant of 
God to perceive what the result will be. President Young 
remarked on one occasion that Bishop Miller sought to go ahead 
and separate himself from his brethren, but he could not pros- 
per in so doing; he would yet run against a snag, he said, and 
call on him and the camp for help. This prediction was liter- 
ally fulfilled not many months after. Himself and company did 
get into trouble through his running ahead, and help had to be 
extended to him. Within one year from the time of which we 
write, he openly apostatized, left the camp of the Saints, and 
moved to Texas, where Lyman Wight, one of the Twelve 
Apostles, had gone. He did not remain long there, but moved 
from that section of the country and joined Strang. Not long 
after this he died. 

There were others, as well as he, whose conduct was painful 
in the extreme to the servants of the Lord. There were a few 
men in some of the companies who would pass spurious coin, 
or bogus money, as it was called, upon the people when they 
had an opportunity. This brought a disgrace upon the whole 
camp • for if one man who calls himself a Latter-day Saint, or 
"Mormon," does a mean or wicked act, it is not usual for him 
alone to be blamed ; but it is generally saddled upon the entire 
people. One day as Presidents Young and Kimball were 
standing together at the latter's tent, they heard an outcry at 
an adjacent camp. They immediately repaired thither, and 
they found that the principal man of thai camp and three others 
were quarreling about some property. It appeared that this 
man had let one of these men have some bogus money with 
which he was to buy property, and they were to share the 
profits. The man to whom he had given this money had not 
paid him the share which had been agreed upon ; hence the 
quarrel. 

An honest person can imagine how grievous and disgusting 
such proceedings would be to men like Presidents Young and 
Kimball. The former sharply reproved them for their conduct, 
and he told this principal man, that he could not govern him- 
self his family or a company, and unless he repented and for- 
sook his dishonesty, the hand of the Lord would be against him 
and against all those who partook of such corruption. 

His words were fulfilled to the letter. He and his whole 
family became apostates and very disreputable people, and the 
hand of the Lord was visibly against hiui. The man also to 
whom he gave the bogus money to pass, eventually lost his 
standing in the Church and went down. 

Then there were men who broke the Sabbath and were care- 
less about their other duties. There were others who were 
selfish and cared nothing for the rights of their brethren. We 
will relate an instance to illustrate this. One of the brethren 
who had been appointed to purchase com, of which there was 
a scarcity in camp, made a, bargain for a considerable quantity 




at twenty cents a bushel, for which he was to pay in feathers. 
You wiU doubtless think that feathers were a singular kind of 
pay; and if we did not explain, you would wonder where 
feathers could be obtained in the camp to sell for corn. But 
these were feather beds which the Saints parted with to get 
provender for their animals, and, in some instances, food for 
themselves. They not only sold their feather beds, but they 
sold their crockery, cooking utensils, and such things as they 
could possibly spare. They thought they were destitute 
enough when they started from Nauvoo ; but they were becom- 
ing accustomed to hardship, and they were willing to deprive 
themselves of articles which, under other circumstances, they 
would have thought they could not have lived without. This 
they did through the love which they had for the gospel of 
Jesus Christ ; and those who really had this love rejoiced and 
were happy in doing these things. 

Having explained how Brother Howard Egan had feathers 
to sell for corn, we will return to the incident we were relatinc. 
Soon after he had made this bargain for the corn, another 
brother from the camp came up. He told the stranger that he 
would give him twenty-five cents per bushel for his corn, and 
he would pay him cash. Such an offer would be too tempting 
for many men to refuse, and this man accepted it, and the man 
who offered the cash, and the five cents more on the bushel, got 
the corn. 

You can perceive from these few incidents which we have 
related how many were the cares and anxieties which rest- 
ed upon the leading men, but especially upon President 
Young. The people were a good people, the best to be found 
in the world, for they were ready to forsake their homes and 
launch forth into an unknown wilderness for the sake of their 
religion ; but they had many weaknesses, they were inexperi- 
enced, and many were ignorant. The responsibility which 
rested upon President Young was so great that he became 
greatly reduced in flesh, and his coat, that would scarcely meet 
around him before he started from Nauvoo, in the month of 
May lapped over twelve inches! He entreated the people to 
be more united in spirit, and not to pray in such a manner that 
their faith was operating against the camp progressing on its 
journey. If a change did not take place, he felt that he would 
be brought down to his grave. He remarked in a public meet- 
ing that he could scarcely keep from lying down and sleeping 
to await the resurrection. 

How little do many young people and persons who come here 
now from the various nations know about the toils and diffi- 
culties endured and passed through by the servants and people 
of God in the days of which we write. No one who is familiar 
with those days, or who has read the history of the journeyings 
of the Saints would ever murmur in the circumstances which 
now surround the people of these valleys, if he was not utterly 
destitute of the Spirit of God. 

(To 6e continued.) 



Men wrriiouT Hearts. — We sometimes meet with men who 
seem to think that any iodulgence in an affectionate feeling is 
weakness. They will turn from a journey, and greet their fam- 
ilies with a distant dignity, and move among their children with 
the cold and lofty splendor of an iceberg surrounded by its bro- 
ken fragments. There is hardly a more unnatural sight on earth 
than one of these families without a heart. A fjither hai better 
extinguish a boy's eyes than to take away his heart. Who that 
has experienced the joys of friendship and values sympathy and 
affection, would not rather lose all that is beautiful in nature's 
scenery, than be robbed of the hidden treasures of his heart. 
Cherish, then, j'our heart's best affection. Indulge in the 
warm and gushing emotions of the filial, paternal and fraternal 
love. 







M)'; 116 



J"TJ^EIsriILE IIsTSTI^TJCTOie/, 







CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDtTOR. 

satukday, july 20, 1872. 
eiditoi^xj^Xj ts:otjc3-h:ts- 




^^ FKICA, the greatest of its explorers and 
'^fprobably the greatest of all tuodera trav- 
elers — Doctor David Livingstone — are 
■what we shall make the subject of 
"Editorial Thoughts," in this number, 
for all young readers, almost without 
exception, take pleasure in reading ac- 
counts of hardships and dangers, and are 
greatly interested in him who dares to face, 
and endure them. 
Of the four or five grand divisions into which 
the earth is separated, Africa is the least known; 
and from the very numerous savage tribes which 
inhabit its interior, together with the extreme 
heat of the climate, and the consequent drowth 
which almost constantly prevails, making it the 
most unhealthy land in the world for the white races, 
with the extraordinary numbers of wild animals, im- 
mense serpents and deadly snakes and insects which it 
contains, all combined render it a land of wonders and 
dangers without a parallel on the globe. But these 
very facts have all tended to create an interest in it which is 
felt in no other; and this has been fui'ther increased by the 
fact that the most f imous of all rivers — the Nile, has its rise 
somewhere in the interior of the African continent. 

For ages the solution of this problem has been one which 
men of science have been anxious to arrive at ; Itut it lias never 
been accomplished until our day. With such large numbers of 
savages inhabiting it, you may bo assured, that the religious 
societies of the Christian world liave taken a good deal of inter- 
est in sending missionaries to Africa, iu the hope of converting 
the heathen, as its natives are called. Foremost among the 
names of these missionaries stand those of Robert JMoil'att and 
J 'avid Livingstone, the latter the son-in-law of the forn;er, 
whose years of fcjil in behalf of and anjong these savage tribes, 
ciiduring hardships of the most trying kind, and far away from 
IViends and every comfort of civilization, has ])roved that the.v 
bnlh were p'issessors of tiie njost unselfish devotion, and were 
in>pired with uncomiuerable love for their fallen and degraded 
fellow creatures. IJut it is of Livingstone that we wish to 
write about, and we shall thcrelore give you a very brief sketch 
of his life and labors. 

lie was born in Scotland, in very liunil)lc life, his parents 
belonging to the jioorest of the working classes. At the age of 
ten, David liad to go to work in a cotton factory, as a piecer, 
his only chance of acquiring any education being b.v attendance 
at a night school. The yearning for knowledge which he 
experienced was irresistible, and by close attendance to work 
from six in the morning until eight at night, he was enaliled to 
save cnongli, after giving so much to his jiarents for liis food 
and clothing, to attend school and to purchase a few books 
occasionally on travels, gcograiiliy and medicine, which were 
his fivdrile studies. Tiiis was continued for several years, his 
studies bcitig commonly continued until midnight. 

When nineteen he was i)ronioted to be a spinner, and was 
now able to support himself and to save enough to attend 
classes where Greek and medicine were taught. The groat 



object of his life was to prepare himself to be a missionary, and 
China was the country he wished to labor in ; but when in his 
twenty-fourth year, he was induced by the London Missionary 
Society to go to Africa, and with rare and very short intervals 
he has spent the rest of his life — about thirty-two years — among 
the various tribes of that continent, his labors and travels in 
that time having done more to remove the mystery concerning 
Africa than those of any man that ever preceded him in the 
field of African exploration, both as regards its people, geo- 
graphy, botany and zoology. 

His first point in Africa was the Cape of Good Hope, but he 
stayed there only a very short time, proceeding very soon after his 
arrival, to the Beohuana country, seven hundred miles into the 
interior. After laboring among the aboriginal tribes in that 
portion of Africa nearly four years he married Miss Moffatt, 
whose father had long labored there as a missionary. 

In 1856 the Doctor returned to Great Britain, but his inclina- 
tion to travel did not allow him to stay long, and after a resi- 
dence of two years he returned to Africa, and renewed his mis- 
sionary labors and explorations in the interior. 

After eight years more of African life, during which he dis- 
covered what ar.5 believed to be the head waters of the Nile, he 
once more returned to England, receiving ovations and honors 
from all the learned societies, his name having now become a 
household word, not only in Great Britain, but also iu all the 
countries of Europe, and in the United States. 

In the following year — 1865, the Doctor prepared for a third 
journey to the interior of Africa, determined, if his life was 
spared, to fully and completely solve the question as to the rise 
of the Nile. On the 4th of August in that year ho started, 
proceeding to Paris, and thence to Bombay in the East Indies, 
where he completed his outfit, being accompanied on his 
journey by several natives, including two boys from a school 
in Bombay, a Sepoy sergeant and several enlisted Sepoys. The 
entire party reached the Island of Zanzibar, on the eastern 
coast of Africa, in safety, and on the 28th of March 1866 
crossed to the mainland and started at once for the interior. 
His friends iu England occasionall.y received letters from him 
containing accounts of the health and progress of himself and 
party. 

In December 1866 one of the East Indians named Moosa, 
who had left Zanzibar with him, returned to that island, bring- 
ing the sad news that the Doctor and his party had been killed 
by the natives on the shores of Lake Nyassa, Moosa being the 
only one who escaped. This news created intense sorrow iu 
England and America, for the public niiud had become greatly 
interested iu the labors of the intrepid explorer, and the regret 
felt at his suj)iioscd untimely end was almost universal. But 
si.mictimo after the return of Bloosa, some of the other Sepoys 
also relumed to Zanzibar, a circumstance which gave the lie to 
a iiorti(]n of JJoosa's statement, and as their story of the I>oc- 
tur's fate did not agree with his, the idea began to gain ground 
that the.v had deserted the Doctor on account of the hardships 
of the journey, and that the story of his death was a fabrica- 
tion in order that they nuglit obtain their jiay from the British 
consul at Zanzibar. 'J'his belief strengthened as tinjo passed, 
and a subscrijitiou was soon started in England for the purpose 
of sending an exjiedilion in search of Livingstone. 

On the 25th of Jidy 1867 this party reached Zanzibar, and 
immediately followed in the track the Doctor was believed to 
have taken, and during the rcmaind(,'r of the year the}' found 
and recovered .several mementoes of the famous traveler, but 
failed to find liinj. The last letter from Livingstone received 
liy friends in ]*>Mgland was in February '67, and owing to the 
I'aiiure of the expedition to find him the belief gradually gained 
ground that his death had really taken ))lace. But as this sad 
event had not been c/infirmed by anything positive, and as 
puljlie interest in the fate of the Doctor was very great on both 
sides of the Atlantic, it finally devolved on the pluck and enter- 



^4i 



'JC^9 



5^-^H''?' 



CTTJ'VEIsrilL.E lOiTSTI^TJOTOI^, 



117 



\L 



S. 



§ 



prise of an American editor to accomplish what the wealth, 
aristrocracy and energy of the British had failed in doing — 
namely to discover Livingstone, not dead as was so long report- 
ed, but alive and well. The late, Mr. James G. Bennett, 
editor and proprietor of the New York Herald^ who by the 
way was a countryman of the Doctor, felt so much interest in 
the fate of his illustrious compatriot, that at his own expense 
he fitted out an expedition and sent it to Africa to search for 
the Doctor. This expedition was under the command of Mr. 
Henry M. Stanley, a young Missourian, a correspondent of the 
Herald who was traveling in Europe. This gentleman, noted 
for bravery and powers of endurance, boldly pushed into the 
heart of Africa, and on the IGth of last October found the 
Doctor alive and well in the Ujiji country, stUl pursuing his 
geographical and missionary labors. Since he last left England, 
the Doctor has positively discovered the source of the Nile. 
The news of his safety has caused umch joy in England and 
America, and his arrival at Zanzibar, and return to England, 
are events which are impatiently expected. 

-=>ei<^S*ec=x= 



THE word icebergs is made up, as you see, of two — "ice" 
and " bergs," the latter meaning mountains, so that iceberg 
means, literally, ice mount- ' 
ain. You have all learned 
something about icebergs, 
how they assume almost 
every conceivable shape, 
that they are sometimes 
very largo, have a very 
beautiful appearance, look- 
ing iu the distance like 
grottoes, spires, old castles, 
monuments and buildings, 
of the most classic and ele- 
gant designs and styles of 
architecture. One may read 
all about this, also descrip- 
tions of the wonderful zodi- 
acal light, or aurora borealis, 
seen almost constantly in 
northern regions — the home 
of the icebergs, and fancy 
how beautiful such sights 
are and how pleasurable it 
must be to witness them, 
without having the least 
idea of the dangers which 
beset the traveler and ex- 
plorer in the Arctic regions. It is undoubtedly true that 
some of the grandest and most sublinic of Nature's displays 
are to be seen there; but the old adage, "All that glitters 
is not gold," is as true when speaking about icebergs and 
aurora borealis as of anything else, probably in the world, 
for the Arctic climate is so fearfully severe, and the country so 
barren, that risk of death by cold or famine is so imminent to 
all, save the savage, hardy, stunted natives, that whatever 
pleasure may be derived from witnessing the natural wonders 
there, is considerably alloyed by the constant sense of imminent, 
danger. 

Baffin's Bay, a large gulf or inland sea on the north-east 
coast of the North American continent, is noted for the 
number of icebergs ajntiiiually to be met with on its 
waters, which is accounted lor by Iho fact that its shores arc 
boiiiiiled by lofty mountain.s, which arc perpetually covered 
wi'i snow. 

5?ou may fail to see any connexion between mountains cov- 




^^vS;;^-- 



ered with snow, and icebergs, for there are several mountains in 
Utah whose peaks are never free from snow, but nobody ever 
thinks of seeing such a thing as an iceberg here. The reason 
of this we will explain, and shall begin by asking you where 
and how icebergs are formed ? You have read of the icefields 
of the northern or Arctic regions, and may have supposed, that 
icebergs are formed there ; but it is not so. You have read of 
the glaciers of the Alps in Switzerland, and of other high 
mountains in various parts of the world. V/ell, these glaciers 
are the parents of the icebergs, or rather they are the icebergs 
themselves, only transported to a new element. 

The glaciers, as you have perhaps often read, are formed by 
the occasional thawing and freezing again of portions of the 
snow, which is constantly accumulating on the peaks, and 
drifting into the hollows on the sides of the mountains. This 
process goes on year after year, the glacier, or mountain of ice 
and snow all the time increasing ; and while it is increasing so 
is the snow and ice behind it, and finally, as these masses stand 
on the slopes of the mountains, their weight, aided by the 
accumulations of the same material behind them, causes them to 
move gradually from their places, and this motion increases as 
it continues, and by and by a sufficient impetus is obtained to 
send down the whole mass with the speed of an arrow, and the 
world, almost, is sometimes shocked with the destruction 
wrought by the dreaded avalanche — the name the iceberg bears 

while it remains on land. 

These avalanches are noth- 
ing more nor less than snow- 
slides on a gigantic scale, 
and you know that, in Utah, 
scarcely a Sprins goes by 
without lives being lost by 
them ; and if it were not 
for the care and caution 
(.xercis~ed, these avalanches 
would be as destructive iu 
the Eocky Mountains as in 
the Alps. 

The shores of Baflin's 
Bay, and of every other 
region where icebergs are 
formed, or rather, where the 
glaciers glide into the sea, 
are bounded by these snow- 
covered mountains, and as 
exactly the same causes are 
operating and the same pro- 
cess is going on there, as 
on the inland Alps, these 
enormous accumulations of 
frozen snow descend the 
mountam sides and fall mto the sea, and then they are called 
icebergs. 

The size of these ice mountains is sometimes surprising. 
Sir John Boss measured one in Baffin's Bay three hundred and 
twenty-five feet high, and over three quarters of a mile in 
length. Woe to the unlucky ship, no matter how large, that 
has the misfortune to be compelled to steer through masses of 
ice of this character. If it escape at all, it has a hard road to 
travel ; and if while attempting to do so it is jammed up, it is 
crushed by the ice as easily as if it were an egg. 

From this short sketch you will easily understand that the 
beauty of the iceberg is something like that of the tiger or the 
anaconda — it can be admired with much greater zest while read- 
ing about, (ir when at a safe distance from, it than at any other 
time. Willi all such sights there is no doubt that, "Distance 
lends cndiantnicnt to the view ;" and however full of wonder 
and awe the mind may become while admiring such manifesta- 
tions (if Nature's beauty-creating powers, none can feel easy or 



»9t. 



■I^gti 



118 



JU^EHsTILE I3SrSTT^TJOTO:E2/. 




breathe freely while laboring under the sense of danger ■which 

their near presence inspires. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor^ 









\"\7HEN common turpentine exudes from trees it soon dries 
f V up, or hardens iato resin; it is then called "pine rosin," 
or " ■white rosin." Internally this substance is soft, but harder 
on the outside ; it can bo kneaded, as it contains sufficient tur- 
pentine to make it soft and dough-like. 

To obtain the "oil" of turpentine this substance is distilled 
in a copper retort ■with a little ■water, the volatile spirit passes 
over and the resiu remains ; in this state it contains ■water, is of 
a yellow color, on being melted it loses this water and, on cool- 
ing, becomes brown. 

This brown, transparent, brittle substance is called colophony, 
or " rosin." which is more or less dark according to the temper- 
ature it has been subjected to in distillation. It is the basis of 
the well known cobbler' s-wax. 

There is much that is curious in the formation of the hydro- 
carbons, whether they be of vegetable or of animal origin, 
formed in the trees or animals above the earth, or in the vast 
deposits beneath. That the natural forces should combine 
from the simple elements, carbon and hydrogen, so large a 
number of substances, frequently from the same elements, in 
precisely the same proportions, and yet produce substances 
entirely dissimilar in appearance and properties, is wonderful ; 
although, it will be seen that there are other metamorphoses 
among organic bodies that are equally illustrative of the facility 
with which certain organic substances pass and repass into each 
other. 

The sap of the whole of the pines, belonging to the great 
family of cone-bearing trees, contains turpentine; it is a solu- 
tion of a resiu in this spirit. The relation of the oil to the 
resin is such that the action of the air changes the oil into 
resin by exposure to oxygen. This is the reason that turpen- 
tine is so useful in painting, it liquefies the oil paint and 
facilitates its application to, and enables it to spread over, a 
large amount of surface, upon which it speedUy hardens. 
Chemists account for this change by the tendency of the hydro- 
gen of the turpentine to combine with oxygen. If this is the 
cause of hardening, which seems reasonable, the nature of the 
change may be better understood by symbols; (C II, plus 11) 
in which it is only shown that a certain proportion of hydrogen 
is combined with a hydrocarbon. If this hydrogen is removed 
by combining with the oxygen of the atmosphere, which is 
known to be the case, then water is formed and a substitution 
of an equal quantity of oxygen takes the place of the hydrogen 
removed. This change is shown as (C H, 0), in which it is 
seen that oxygen takes the place of hydrogen. 

There are several forms of turpentine. Common turpentine 
from thg Pinus sylvestris, the pine of the woods ; Venice tur- 
pentine from another variety of pinus ; American turpentine 
from pinus Canadensis and balsamea, the Canadian pine and 
balsam. The Canada balsam may be made very useful in the 
construction of small microscopes, the transparent resin is 
placed in a hole in a card and allowed to harden, its surface is 
sure to be a double convex, as all liquid bodies assume that 
shape under such circumstances. By making several holes of 
different sizes, lensos of different focal lengths may be made, by 



which objects will be greatly magnified. The Canada balsam 
is sold at the druggists. 

Many years ago camphene was prepared from turpentine for 
illuminating purposes, the tendency to oxidize made it soon 
thicken, in which state combustion was imperfect, smoke was 
disengaged, and offensive odors were generated. Now-a-days 
more volatile illuminating oils are common, many of which are 
made from petroleum and other minerals. Oil-bearing rocks 
are now found in the vicinity of St. George in this Territory. 
Eocks may be tested for their mineral oils in a rude way by 
burning them in a stove. By noticing the difference in the 
weight of the ash that remains afler burning, the amount of 
combustible matter is ascertained; by noticing the flame, if 
any, the presence and relative proportion of hydrogen is known; 
the presence of sulphur may be detected by the smell, and if 
very abundant, by the characteristic color of the flame. It 
would be a great boon to discover hydrocarbonaceous rocks 
here in quantity, as they may be utilized as fuel, to say the 
least ; there are oil-bearing roots in Sanpete, perhaps in other 
places, that may be thus turned to account and even for illumin- 
ating purposes. Beth. 



HIOVT- TO G-ET TSIB BEST 



I SAW a young man in the office of a western railway super- 
intendent. He was occupying a position that four hundred 
boys in that city would have wished to get. It was honorable 
and "it paid well," besides being in the line of promotion. 
How did he get it? Not by having a rich father, for he was 
the son of a laborer. The secret was, his beautiful accuracy. 
He began as an errand boy, and did his work accurately. His 
leisure time he used in perfecting his writing and arithmetic. 
After a whUe he learned to telegraph. At each step his 
employer commended his accuracy, and relied on what he did 
because he was sure it was just right. And it is thus with 
every occupation. The accurate boy is the favored one. Those 
who employ men do not wish to be on the constant look-out, as 
though they were rogues or fools. If a carpenter must stand 
at his journeyman's elbow to be sure his work is right, or if a 
cashier must run over his book-keeper's columns, he might as 
well do the work himself as to employ another to do it in that 
way ; and it is very certain that the employer will get rid of 
such an inaccurate workman as soon as possible. 

I knew such a young man. He had a good chance to do well, 
but he was so inaccurate and unreliable that people were afraid 
to trust him. If he wrote a deed, or a mortgage, or a contract, 
he was sure either to leave out something or put in something 
to make it an imperfect paper. He was a lawyer without busi- 
ness, because he lacked the noble quality of accuracy. Just 
across the street from him was another young lawyer, who was 
proverbial for accuracy. He was famous for searching titles, 
and when he wrote out the history of a title to a piece of 
property, it was taken for granted as just so. His aim was 
absolute accuracy in everything. K he copied a conveyance, or 
cited a legal authority, or made a statement, he aimed to do it 
exactly. The consequence is, he is having a valuable practice 
at the bar, and is universally esteemed. 

''But," says some boy, "when I become a man, that is the 
way I shall do. I mean to be very accurate." 

Perhaps so. I could tell better if I knew just how you do 
your work now. There are several ways of getting a lesson. 
One is, to get it " tolerable well," which does not cost much 
labor ; the other way is, to get it faultlessly well ; which costs 
a great deal of labor. A boy can get a geueral idea of his lesson 
"in a jiffy," but to get it with accuracy is very hard, and 
requires botii time and industry. If you, my boy, to-day arc 



=I^Si 



3? 



w 



^[ 



•-512 



O-TJVEn^ILE insrSTI^/TJOTOI^.. 



'^^^\ 



119 



getting your lesson in the slip-shod way, you will grow up a 
slip-shod man ; but if to-day your habit is to get every lesson 
with perfect accuracy, I will warrant you will do that way when 
you become a man. Selected. 



{Concluded.) 



IN the famous Olympic and Nemean games of the Greeks, 
priic fighting was one of the most attractive features. In 
those days, however, the forearms and fists of the boxers were 
encased in a number of leather thongs, which inflicted terrible 
wounds when used by a skillful pugilist. 

The Olympic games of the Greeks were instituted 776 years 
before the Christian era, and were held at the beginning of 
every fifth year afterwards. At the twenty-fourth of these 
games the first "prize fight" probably ever fought, took place, 
one Onomastos, of Smyrna, being the victor. Homer, the 
father of poetry, and Pindar, both very celebrated Greek poets, 
thought pugilistic prowess worthy of their verse. The most 
noted boxers of ancient Greece, came from Arcadia, Elis, 
Egina and Rhodes. Diagoras, a Ehodian, was one of the 
ancient Jem Maces, and his valor is celebrated by Pindar. 
Diagoras trained his sons to the same business, and died of joy 
at seeing two of them declared victors in contests at the Olympic 
games. 

Epeus and Euryalus were two more very valiant boxers 
among the Greeks, and in describing a contest between them. 
Homer uses the following language : " The divine Epeus, land- 
ing upon his adversary, gives him a buff'et on the cheek that 
makes him drop. He falls, his friends surrounding him, carry 
him away insensible, his legs hanging powerless, his head 
drooping on his shoulder, and dark blood flowing from his 
mouth." 

Sometimes the fighters aimed, by their skill in parrying each 
other's blows — the artistic part of boxing — to fatigue each 
other, but never to receive a blow. Two of the most noted 
combatants of this kind in ancient times were Damoxene and 
Kreugas, the former a native of the country now called 
Albania, the latter a Syracusan. They fought together in the 
Nemean games, and as their skill in parrying was about equal, 
their combat threatened to last all night. To prevent this, and 
to bring the contest to a speedier close, they agreed to cease 
parrying, and to receive each other's blows, striking by turns, 
when one struck the other to remain motionless. Kreugas had 
the first blow, and it is said his fist fell on the head of Damoxene 
like a heavy hammer. But heavy as it was it did little harm, 
and Damoxene' s turn having now come, he signed to his 
opponent to hold his arm above his head. Kreugas did so, 
when Damoxene, whose finger nails were very long and point- 
ed, and his hand laced with leather thongs, drove his finger 
naUs into Kreugas' stomach, and tore out his entrails, causing 
his death almost instantly. To strike a blow with the intent to 
cause death was "foul" — contrary to the rules of the sport, and 
the victor in this case was banished, the dead man had a crown 
awarded to him, and a statue was erected in his honor. 

Glaucus was another noted boxer in olden times, and so ter- 
rific was his strength of fist, that he was once known to use it 
instead of a hammer to drive on the share of his plough, which 
had become detached. 

The following passages from ancient Greek writers, will show 
that ancient and modern pugilism were alike brutal in charac- 
ter, and that if there is any difference at all between them, the 
ancient was the more brutal of the two : 

"The conquerer at the Olympic games whom you see in that 
dilapidated state, had yesterday a nose, a chin, nostrils, ears and 



eyelids. But in the exercise of pugilism be has lost all these 
embellishments, and even his inheritance. He can not have a 
part of his patrimony, for he has been confronted with his por- 
trait, which his brother produced in the Court of justice, and 
it has been decided that he is not the same individual. There 
is not the slightest resemblance between the portrait and him." 

"Thou, Stratophou, after four hours of pugilism, hast become 
unrecognizable, not only by the dogs, but by the whole town ; 
and if you wish to look at yourself in the mirror you will cry 
out, 'I am not Stratophon,' and you will take your oath on 
it." 

Appollophanes, thy head has become like a seive, or like the 
edges of a book eaten by worms. One would take the cuts 
which the cestus, (an instrument made of leather thongs in 
which the hand and arm of the fighter was encased) has made 
in it for the notes in a piece of Lydian or Phrygian music. 
Nevertheless you can fight again without fear of being disfigured. 
There is no room left on your head to receive further wounds." 

"Andreolus 1 I have fought valiantly as a pugilist in all the 
games of Greece. At Pisa I lost an ear, at Plateum an eye, at 
Delphos they carried me off insensible. But my father, Dam- 
oteles, together with my countrymen, were prepared to carry 
me from the arena either dead or wounded." 

From what has been said our readers will perceive that in all 
ages, since the practice began, pugilism has been the pursuit 
only of the lowest and most brutalized specimens of civilized 
humanity; and while, under some circumstances, it might be 
advantageous to be able to use one's fists according to the rules 
of this art, to ward off the blows of an antagonist, yet no one 
who respects himself, or desires to be respected by others, will 
ever become a pugilist. 



THiE nDTJOiciJsra- stool. 



ff^^. 



MOST of the first settlers of the colonies now composing the 
oldest portion of the American Union, were people who, 
on account of religious persecutions, had to leave their native 
lands — England and other countries in Europe. This being 
the case one might have supposed that, on founding colonies in 
the new world, the government of which was almost wholly 
under their own control, their laws regaiding religion would 
have been of the most liberal character. But in several of the 
colonies it was just the contrary of this, for they were of the 
most intolerant character. The "Blue Laws" of the colony of 
Connecticut are a striking example in point. So rigid were the 
notions of the authorities in that colony that the language of 
some of their statutes read as follows : 

"No one shall be a freeman or give a vote unless he be con- 
verted or a member in full communion of one of the churches 
allowed in this dominion. 

"No one shall hold any office who is not S9und in the faith, 
and faithful to this dominion ; and whoever gives a vote to such 
a person shall pay a fine of one pound. For the second offence 
he shall be disfranchised. 

"No Quaker or dissenter from the established worship of 
this dominion shall be allowed to give a vote for the election of 
magistrate or any officer. 

"No food and lodgings shall be allowed to a Quaker, Adam- 
it?, or other heretic. 

"If any person shall turn Quaker he shall be banished, and 
not suffered to return again on pain of death. 

" No one shall run of a Sabbath day, or walk in his garden 
or elsewhere, except reverently, to and from church. 

" No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep houses, 
cut hair or shave on the Sabbath day. 

" No woman shall kiss her child on Sabbath or fasting day." 

This bigotry and intolerance was not confined to the colony of 
Connecticut, but was common in most of the others, but was 



lA& 



ISO 



Cr TJ ^ E IN- 1 H. E! I2srSTI?.TJOTOI2. 



-'^^^ 



^ 



carried to the greatest extreme in what are now called the New 
England States. 

The same spirit was manifestd in the laws enacted to regulate 
the customs of social life. Among the laws of this class it was 
provided that a certain kind of lace for trimming dresses should 
not be worn if it exceeded two shillings a yard, without the owner 
being taxed; that any person bringing cards or dice into the col- 
ony should be fined five jjounds; that no person should be allowed 
to road the common prayer book, keep Christmas or kfaiots' days, 
or play on any instrument of music except a drum, truujpet or 
jewsharp; another law, and this you will admit was a useful one, 
enacted that any person who slandered a neighbor should sit 
in the stocks, or receive fifteen strokes from a whip ou the 
back. 

If such a law wore enforced in these days there wiiuld be a 
great many sore backs ; but the passage of laws such as were 
enforced in colonial times would never be dreamed of now, much 
less attempted. 

But we commenced this sketch for the purpose of telling you 
about one of the most curious institutions of colonial times, and 
which was no doubt as useful as curious. Its use has long 
since gone out of fashion, and you have probably never heard of 
it. This was called the Ducking Stool, an instrument used in 
Virginia and some other colonics, for the purpose of jiunishing 
gossips and slanderers. In Connecticut, as you have already 
read, they had a law condemning characters of this kind to sit 
in the stocks or to be whipped ; but the Ducking Stool was 
more severe than this. In the colonies where the Ducking 
Stool was used, it was customary to give throe warnings to 
desist, to all parties guilty of gossiping and scandalizing their 
neighbors, then, if the admonitions had not the desired effect, 
the offender was brought before a magistrate and condeumed to 
the punishment of the Ducking Stool. 

The following extract from a letter written in June, 1034, by 
a Mr. Thomas Hartley, to Governor Endicott of Massachu- 
setts, describes this curious instrument, and the method of 
using it. It is written in the quaint style and orthography 
of those days, and though it may be somewhat difficult, it 
will also be amusing to our young readers to read it uuderstand- 
ingly : 

'"The day afore yesterday at two of ye clock in ye afternoon, 
I saw this punishment given to one Betsey, wife of John 
Tucker, who, by ye violence of her tongue had made his house 
and ye neighborhood uncomfortable. She was taken to ye 
pond near where I was sojourning, by ye oflScer who was 
joyned by ye Magistrate and ye Minister, Mr. Cotton, who had 
frequently admonished her, and a large number of People. 
They had a machine for ye purpose yt belongs to ye Parish, 
and which I was told had been so used three times this Sum- 
mer. It is a platform with 4 small rollers or wheels, and two 
upright posts between which works a Lever by a Kope fastened 
to its shorter or heavier end. At ye end of ye longer arm is 
fixed a stool upon which sd Betsey was fastened by cords, her 
gown tied fast around her feetc. The Machine was then 
moved up to ye edge of ye pond, ye Rope was slackened by ye 
officer, and ye woman was allowed to go under ye water for ye 
space of half a minute. Betsey had a stout stomach, and 
would not yield untU shoe had allowed herself to be so ducked 5 
severall times. At length shoe cried piteously, 'JiCt mee go! 
let mee gol by God's help I'll sin so no more.' Then they 
drew back ye machine, untied ye Ropes and let her walk home 
in her wotted clothes, a hopefully penitent woman." 



f'^>i. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 13, is the ISTHJMUS 
OF TEHUANTEPEC. Correct solutions have bc('n received 
from James II. Anderson, Charles Denney, Josciih Bull, jr., 
Jos. Eyrum Parry, T. H. Roberts, John E. Callister and 
Hilda Dehlin, Salt Lake City. 



S$Ui!f$& I^o^Ip^* 



TTiE i2.^iisr consroEK^T. 



Millions of liny rftindrops 

Arc I'aUinii' all uromid, 
Tlio.v'rc ilaiioiiii; on tlie honse-tops, 

Tiiej are hiding iu the grouud. 

Tliey .ire fiur3'-like musicians 

With an3'tliing for kej's, 
Beating time upon the windows. 

Keeping time upon the trees. 

A light and airy trehle 
They play upon the stream, 

And the melody enchants us, 
Lilic tile music of a dream. 

The deep hass is sounding 

When they're dropping into caves, 
With a tenor from the zcphj'rs, 

And an alto from the waves. 

Oh! 'tis a shower of music, 
And Iloliiu don't intrude, 

If whcu the rain is weary 
lie drops an interlude. 

It seems as if the wnrMing 
Of the liirds in all the liowers, 

Had lieeu gathered hito raiu-drops, 
And was coming down in showers. 

The blossoms all arc bathing. 

In the liquid melodies, 
Breathing thanks in sweetest odors, 

Looking up into the skies. 



GH:.A.:N"TNrEij if-oi?. lovie. 



Miike channels for the stream of love, 

AVliere they may broadly nm ; 
And love has overflowing streams 

To lill them every one. 

But if at any time we cease 

Such channels to provide, 
The very founts of Jove for us 

Will soon be parched and dried. 

For we must share, if we would keep 
That blessing from above; 

Ceasing to ijive, we eeat,e to have- 
Such is the law of love. 

[Forth© Juvenile Instructor. 

C H .A. I^ JV. X) E , 



li T ALMA W A II R . 



I am composed of letters : 
My 8, 7, S, !), is a number ; 
My 8, 5, 8, is what you can see in a convcut ; 

My 9, 5 3, 3, 0, '.), is one of the grantl divisions of the Eastern 
Continent; 
My 3, 2, 0, 0, is something that is of great service to sailors; 
My 4, 3, 3, 5, 1, causes the death of many children ; 
My whole is an animal found in Utah. 



j"XJ^^:B3srirjE i3srsTi?.TJOTOi^ 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sinyle Copy, per Annum 82 50. 

♦a- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
icceivcdat the office of our paper— Dbskrkt Nkws Builuinos. 



'iflS^^ 




