
VOL. 0. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1ST4. 



NO. 11. 



LIKE E J^ T ZEL IE IR, , LIKE SOUST." 




No wonder the good lady holds up her hands and opens her 
eyes when she looks from the door on such a picture as 
father and son here present. Still, she need not be surprised. 
What else could she expect? Children learn by striving to 
imitate. They copy their parents before they can walk or talk, 
for if they did not see bigger folks walking and talking, they 
would possibly never make the attempt, or at any rate, not 
until they were much 
older than children 
generally are when they 
lisp their first words or 
tremblingly take their 
first unsteady steps. 

Again, is not father 
everything to the boy: 
king, lawgiver, guide 
and all else? What 
does the child know 
outside of the family 
circle? What influence 
has all the rest of the 
world in opposition to 
that of his parents? 
In his eyes, whatever 
father does is right; 
it must be right, in his 
childish judgment, 1 e- 
cause father does it, 
and that is the begin- 
ning and end of the |$| 
argument. "Iffather !. [ 
smokes, why not T? 
argues the buy; "what 
is right in a man cannot 
be wrong in a boy." 
"If mother drinks 
tea," thinks the girl, 
'■why should not I? 
What is right in a 
woman can not be very wrong in a girl. " So the boy .smokes 
tobacco and the girl drinks tea, even if mother and father tell 
them it is wrong; the power of their parents' example, in this 
case, is stronger than the influence of their words. Such is the 
ingtb of an unwise example, 




We do not wish it understood that we endorse or commend 
any such course on the part of the children. On the contrary 
we consider that every child should have principle and stamina 
sufficient to abstain from any practice which their parents and 
teachers, and above all, the revelations of God tell them is 
wrong. Nor do we wish the children to take license from what 
we have said to pattern after their parents in smoking or any 

maMumi = — . = -3. other bad habit Th:lt 

many children do thus 
imitate their parents, 
jU an evidence that 
parents should be more 
careful about setting 
their children a proper 
example, not that ch:'- 
dren are justified in 
following the examples 
of their parents when 
they know them to be 
wrong. Though many 
men who profess to be 
Latter-day Saints so 
far forsake their man- 
hood and forget what 
is due from them as 
parents, as to smoke 
tobacco, drink liquor, 
and even swear, it 
would be difficult to 

find one SO depraved 
as to advise his son to 
follow his bad exam- 
ple. The fathers who 
are the worst addicted 

to SUCh lialiits would 
prefer to see their chil- 
dren grow up free from 
them. .Most of the 
children of this Terri- 
tory have been taught that it is not right to smoke; that it is 
not manly, but degrading; thai, iii fact, it is a filthy, disgusting 
habit. The truly noble among the boys abstain from it; and 

if at the same time they have the bad example of smoking set 

before them a< home their abstinence is the more nraisewortl 





JTJYEILB UNTSTBTJCTOB. 





tsjiiomirn 



so ff> 



1 1 



.A. VOYAGE TO THE SOUTH 
PACIFIC TSIaA-ZCTDS- 



B Y A M ASA POTTER. 




(Continued.) 

FOR five days afterwards we had good weather and a fine 
breeze from the north-west. All the sails were up, the stud- 
ding sails were out and the time passed pleasantly away. The 
captain came into the cabin one morning and stated that three 
large sharks were following the ship, and that he would like 
some of us to try to catch one. I told him that I would try 
it; so he prepared an inch and a quarter rope, and fastened to 
it a large hook which he kept for the pmpose. He then baited 
the hook with a fresh chicken, and threw it over at the stern 
of the ship. All that day the sharks followed, but would not 
bite at the bait; but the next morning when I let the rope 
out again the hook sank and a large shark caught it. The 
hook fastened in his jaw, and I called to the mate that I had 
got him. I held to the crank of the reel until others came to 
my assistance, and then they put the rope around. The 
captain and some of the sailors put in the bars and commenced 
a song. Four of them wound the shark up, and when the fish 
found that he was fast he aiade the water foam with its tail; 
but in a short time he was alongside the ship with two harpoons 
fastened in him. By the use of the block and tackle the fish 
was soon raised over the bulwarks to the deck. He soon 
cleared the deck of all of us by flouncing and snapping his 
ponderous jaws, but one of the sailors silenced him by chopping 
his tail with an ax. This fish measured fifteen and a half feet 
in length and weighed eight hundred pounds. The captain 
gave me five dollars for my services in capturing the shark. 

We were now within three degrees of the equator. The sea 
was calm, and there was not a breath of wind. All that could 
be seea was a kind of substance or fish that floated on the 
water, called the Portugese man-of-war, which sparkled in the 
sunlight like so many stars. The captain called us all together 
on deck, and said: ''To-morrow we shall cross the line of the 
centre of the earth, and there we shall meet old Neptune; and 
he will require a tribute to be paid from all that have not 
crossed the line before. 

The next day in the afternoon the captain announced that 
we were within three miles of the line. The captain then called 
all on board to come aft, and all went. Then it was announced 
that old Neptune had come to the side of the ship, when a rope 
was let down and the mate called out "hoist away," and up 
came a curious looking man all covered with quills and feathers. 
He had a champagne basket on his arm and stated that he was 
king of the seas. For many generations he had been there and 
all the tribute he asked of us was one good bottle of brandy 
from each one. So the brandy was procured and placed in the 
basket, and then Neptune bade us all farewell. The mate 
called out "lower away," and down went Neptune over the side 
of the ship. This was the last we saw of him, and we passed 
on in peace. 

Ten days passed and we sighted land on the east of us. This 
was an island in the South Pacific seas and one of the group 
of the Society Islands, and is situated in latitude 8° south, and 
longitude G0° west from Greenwich. As we passed the island, 
by the use of the telescope, we could see the cocoa-nut and 



bread fruit and man}' other tropical fruit trees waving in the 
breeze "and loaded with fruit. These trees are evergreens, 
never shedding their foliage, only when the new leaves put 
forth and crowd the old ones off. On these trees can be seen 
ripe fruit, and fruit in all stages of maturity down to blossoms. 

After passing these islands, a few days sail brought us to 
Otehita, the largest of this group, claimed by the French 
government. We landed at a small bay putting in on the west . 
side of the island. The natives are of the Kanaka race of 
people, and are dark but not black. The most of them have 
wavy hair and rather thick lips. They seemed kind and benev- 
olent in their manner, and came around us by the hundred to 
trade their fruits and chickens and pigs, all of which came 
acceptable to us, as we had been at sea thirty-five days living 
on salt provisions. The natives wanted in exchange all kinds 
of clothing, and jew T elry of any kind. The next day the king 
of. the island came down to the ship with a few of his guards 
and made our captain a visit.. The captain gave the chief a 
present of a suit of clothes. When the chief left to go home 
he invited all of us to come to his palace the next day and dine 
with him, and this was agreed to. He ascertained the number 
that would come, and said that he would send his carriages 
after us. So accordingly the next day at 9 o'clock here came 
nine carriages, as he called them A carriage consisted of a 
Lirge bamboo basket, swung between two poles, and carried by 
four natives, one at each corner. All things ready, we got into 
the baskets and all started off on a good round trot. One 
hour's travel brought us in front of the king's palace. The 
baskets were lowered to the ground and all got out. We were 
first conducted into the great parlor of the mansion. This 
building covered nearly an acre of land, and was built in an 
oblong shape, with a mast in the center and a flag flying from 
the top. The centre room was about 60 x 40 feet, and all of 
the furniture of the room was of native make. 

There were many rooms in this building, all richly furnished 
with pearls and curiosities of the island, and inhabited by the 
king's family. He has many wives and children. Dinner 
came on at one o'clock; the table was furnished sumptuously 
and the food was served up in good order. All of the dishes 
and knives and forks were made of bone and shells. We were 
all seated at the table and began doing justice to the rich food 
set before us. One dish on the table seemed to suit us better 
than any others, and that was a kind! of pot pie, served up in 
a large turtle shell. A dispute arose among us as to what kind 
of meat it was made of. Some said chicken, some pig, some 
turtle, but the captain said it was duck; and to prove his asser- 
tion he held upon a fork what he supposed was a duck's leg, 
and said to the king, who stood by waiting on his guests 
"quack, quack," as if to make the king understand that it was 
a duck's leg that he had on his fork. The king shook his head 
and said "no, no; bow-wow;" imitating the barking of a dog, 
showing that we were eating dog meat. From that time our 
splendid dinner lost its relish for the most of us. From this 
we learned that when the chief wanted to give a feast to his 
friends he obtained a number of fatted dogs and killed them 
for the occasion; as they consider such a dish superior to that 
of chicken or pig. We went back to the ship in the same way 
that we came. The eook asked me how I liked the dinner. I 
replied that I could eat dog, but I did not hanker after it. 
(To be Continued.) 



-»♦- 



As the sword of the best tempered metal is most flexible, so 
the truly generous are most pliant and courteous in their 
behavior to their inferiors. 





0"TT "VIE STILE I1TSTBUCTOB 



123 




HELP YOUE/SELF. 




A merchant in the city of B died suddenly some years 
ago, leaving an only son, a. youth of nineteen. The father 
had been very wealthy, and had lavished on his boy every 
indulgence money could procure. The son's life had been 
passed chiefly in the school and college, where he had learned 
little either of labor or economy ; and not until the news of his 
father's death reached him, did the young man learn that not 
a dollar remained of the fortune he had expected to inherit. 
Leaving college, the student returned home, to learn for the 
first time the value of money by earning it himself. Without 
wasting time in useless regrets, he applied to the various 
business associates of his father for employment; but received 
from them all very decided though kind refusals, on the 
ground that he knew nothing of the business. Nothing 
daunted by these repeated failures, the youth applied to the 
proprietor of an extensive brick-making establishment, a 
benevolent looking old gentleman, and asked for employment. 

"Employment! what sort?" inquired the old gentlemam 
looking with unfeigned surprise at the slight bo^is^ figure and 
small white 
hands of the 
youth who stood 
before bin . 

"Of any sort," 
was the unhesi- 
tating reply. "I 
can do anything 
thatotherscan.' 

"But," said 

Mr. C , "I 

have no use fir 
employees but 
for hard manual 
labor, which you 
are wholly unfit 
for. Digging 
clay is the only 
work we have at 
this season of 
the year. ' ' 

"Give me 
leave to dig clay 
with the rest — why cannot I do what others do? Anything is 
better than begging or starving. " 

Seeing the persistency of the boy, Mr. C somewhat 

hesitatingly engaged him, and sent him off to dig clay with 
the other workmen. 

Fervently thanking his employer, the youth hastened to the 
yard and set at once about his work. At sunset he had earned 
just seventy-five cents; the next day bis earnings were slightly 
increased, and so a week wore on, the young man usually the 
first one on the ground in the morning — though he had to 
walk four miles to the brickyard. 

Mr. C now became interested in behalf of one who had 

proved himself so worthy of the aid of others, by his untiring 
efforts to helji himself. A clerkship with a good salary was 
obtained, and this was but the stepping-stone to higher and 
more responsible posts; in all of which he showed the same 
energy, perseverance ami true-heartedness. To-day he is the 
honored president of a prosperous bank, and the ever-ready 
and efficient helper of those who are needy and unfortunate. 
This is the result of that brave boy's determination to work 



rather than beg — to labor for an honest living, rather than talk 
of his misfortunes, or enlist the sympathy of others. — Selected. 



The Wat to Avoid Calumny.— "If any one speaks ill of 
thee," said Epictetus, "consider whether he hath truth on his 
side; and if so, reform thyself, that his censures may not affect 
thee." When Anaximander was told that the very boys 
laughed at his singing, "Ay," said he, "then I must learn to 
sing better." Plato being told that he had many enemies who 
spoke ill of him, said; "It is no matter; I will live so that 
none shall believe them." Hearing, at another time, that an 
intimate friend of his had spoken detractively of him. he said: 
"I am sure he would not do it if he had not some reason for 
it." This is the surest, as well as noblest way of drawing the 
sting out of a reproach, and the true method of preparing a 
man for that great and only relief against the pains of 
calumny — a good conscience. 




' * *V 



How to Sect tie Perfection. — A friend called on Michael 
Angelo, who was finishing a statue. Some time afterward he 

c died again; the 
sculptor was still 
at his work. His 
friend, looking 
at the figure, ex- 
claimed, "You 
have been idle 
since I saw vou 
§ last." 

"Oh, no!" ro 
j plied the icalp- 
1 tor: "I have re- 
j touched this part 
f and polished 
I that; I have 
P softened this fea- 
ture and brought 
out this muscle; 
I have given 
more expression 
to this lip, and 
more energy to 
this limb." 

"Well, well," said his friend; but all these are trifles." 
"It may be so," replied Angelo; "recollect that trifles make 
refection, and that perfection is no trifle." 



THE BUTTERPLT PISH. 

The curious fish represented in our engraving belongs to the 
Blenny family, or Blennoids, ;\ large group, all of which 
belong to the sea. 

The blennies are social fishes, living in small companies, and 
usually keeping near the shore. Some of them can live for a 
considerable time out of water, especially if kept in moist sea- 
weed. One curious kind, produces living young that are able 
to swim about and seek their food as soon as they are born — a 
thing of very rare occurrence in the class of fishes. 

The kind represented in our engraving is often called the 

butterfly fish, on account of its gay appearauce, which is caused 
in part by the eye-like spot on the largest fin. 



He who blackens others does not whiten himself. 



%t 




12 4: 



JTIJ-VIEISrilLjIE] I^STBUCTOB. 




^ ^ou's tfooaflc ground tf|e 1|Whl 



BY 6. M. O. 



THE SANDWICH ISLANDS. 




riliiK ship Kate Hayes was a fine new clipper, registered 
-1- eighteen hundred tons. Having no cargo to ship from 
San Francisco, we had nothing but "ballast" on board; conse- 
quently the vessel was very ''crank," and required careful 
handling on the part of the officers, and a great deal of setting 
and taking in sail for the crew; besides we were short manned, 
having only fourteen men in the forecastle. We had barely 
passed through the "Golden Grate" when we discovered that 
our voyage was not going to prove very pleasant. The first 
night out our captain had an attack of "delirium tremens, ' 
caused by excessive drinking while on shore. While in port 
he had neglected to lay in provisions for the voyage, conse- 
quently we lived on bread infested with weevils and pork which 
was so old and had been salted so long that it was absolutely 
rotten. We stood this kind of fare as long as bearable, and 
then resolved to speak to the captain about it. Finding the 
old man somewhat sober, we marched to the quarter deck with 
our "kids" containing the unwholesome food, and entered our 
complaints. After a long "palaver" the matter was comprom- 
ised by the captain promising to run into Honolulu and recruit 
the ship in the provision line. This was the only promise, I 
believe, our captain ever kept, and, in reality, I think it wa s 
more to fill his empty whisky jugs than to accommodate the 
crew. 

Fourteen days after leaving California, we sighted the 
Sandwich Islands. In the evening, while rounding Diamond 
Point, to enter the harbor of Honolulu, a squall struck the 
vessel, carrying away our main-top-gallant mast, the top-gal- 
lant yard split the main-top sail from "clew to earring," the 
s'lip was run ofF before the wind and all hands worked like 
beavers during the night clearing away the wreck, stepping a 
new mast, setting up rigging and "bending" new sails. The 
next day we ran into the harbor. We let go the starboard 
anchor, but when some twenty fathoms of chain had run out, 
a link jammed in the "horse pipe." The larboard anchor was 
then let go, and reached bottom all right; but when the ship 
swung around, the starboard cable twisted itself three or four 
times around the other chain. Here we had another hard 
day's work, unshackling, untwisting and re-shackling the 
cable-. There was quite a heavy sea at the time, and the task 
was anything but an easy one. Of course the men were not 
very choice in their language during the day, when speaking 
of the beautiful island that received us so inhospitably and 
roughly. 

The Sandwich Islands, so named in honor of the Earl of 
Sandwich, by Captain Cook, consists of a group of twelve 
islands in the Pacific Ocean, some two thousand miles to the 
south and west of California. Eight only, of the twelve 
islands, are inhabited. Properly they should be called by their 
original or native name, the "Hawaiian Islands." They are 
all of volcanic origin, and mountainous. The highest peak on 
Hawaii, or Owhyhee, as it is spelled in "Cook's Voyages," is 
fifteen thousand feet above the sea. The shores of Oahu, or 
Woahu, the island on which the capital city, Honolulu, is 
situated, are mostly surrounded with coral reef, which in some 
places is nearly a mile in breadth. Vegetation, during the rainy 
season, extends from the sea shore to the tops of the highest 



mountains, covering the islands in a robe of beautiful and 
varied green. The exceeding beauty of the valleys has called 
forth raptures of praise from travelers, many pronouncing the 
scenery unsurpassed by any in the world. Two ranges of 
mountains cross the island in almost a parallel manner. A 
large valley opens on the coast near the center of the north-east 
range. This valley is supposed to have been, ages ago, a large 
bay or lagoon, protected by a coral reef leeward, through 
which the streams from the valley have cut a channel. This 
valley is called Nunanu. The ancient reef, elevated some 
twenty feet above the sea, has formed the site for the city of 
Honolulu. Nunanu has a gentle ascent of six or seven miles, 
terminating in a steep, abrupt precipice of twelve hundred 
feet in hight, above which two peaks tower upwards three 
thousand feet. These two mountains have evidently been rent 
asunder during some convulsion of nature. Through this rent 
or gorge, and down the precipice called the "Pali," the govern- 
ment has constructed a road. 

The Pali has been made historic ground from the occurrence 
of the great battle fought by King Kamehameha, the first in 
his conquest of the islands. Over this precipice he drove his 
enemies by the hundreds. It is said their bones are yet to be 
seen in large quantities bleaching in the sun and rain. Collect- 
ing relics on this battle field constitutes one of the objects of the 
curious traveler. Foreigners who have made the island their 
home have beautif e 1 this naturally beautiful valley by planting 
gardens and introducing flowers and shrubbery from all parts 
of the world that can be acclimated. Cocoa nut palms, tama- 
rinds, bread-fruit, mango, date and India rubber trees are most 
common. Oranges, limes, plantains and bananas also grow 
there; in fact, the productions of these islands are very 
prolific, and similar to those of most tropical climes. Grapes 
are raised in great abundance, and of a superior flavor; it is said 
the wine made from them excels all other wines for medicinal 
purposes. Melons of all descriptions are raised in great abun- 
dance. Of late years sugar cane and cotton have been very 
successfully cultivated, and in time promise to become staple 
productions. Among the beautiful gardens the traveler is 
charmed, during the season of bloom, with the great varkfr: of 
flowers, native and imported, all growing spontaneously in that 
genial atmosphere. 

The climate of the Sandwich Islands is said to be the most 
charming in the world; the variation in the temperature being 
so trifling, the thermometer never sinking below 61° on the 
coldest winter's day, and rarely rising above 80° during the 
summer months. One may live on the islands in almost the 
same temperature throughout the year, by descending to the 
sea coast during the winter, or by ascending to the cooler 
mountain tops during the hot weather. Honolulu is the prin- 
cipal city, and is the centre of all the commerce of the group, 
Being the seat of government, it is also the residence of the 
king. For many years it has been the rendezvous of the great 
American whaling fleet of the Pacific Ocean. As many as 
three hundred whale ships have made it a place for refitting 
anil recruiting during the year. The annual visit of the 
whalers is looked for with great interest, as much of the busi- 
ness prosperity of the islands depends on the whalemen. They 
generally arrive during September and October, and remain in 
port from five to six weeks, during which time money is plen- 
tiful and trade of all kinds brisk. Soon after the first of 
January they go cruising to the south after sperm whales, and 
return to Honolulu about April for fresh supplies for the 
northern cruise, which lasts until fall. The town is beautifully 
situated on the level coral reef skirting the sea. Back of it 





7 



JUYEFILE IITSTBTJOTOB. 



125 





extends the pleasant valley, above which loom the two peaks, 
Konahuanui and Waiolani (waters of heaven). On the main 
or principal street are situated most of the public stores. 
Shade trees, tastefully arranged, form cool and pleasant retreats 
for the pedestrian during the hot weather. The population, at 
the time of my visit was estimated at seven thousand. 

On the shore of a bay called Kealakekua, situated on the 
western side of Hawaii, Captain Cook, the enterprising navi- 
gator, lost his life, Feb. 14, ] 779, in an affray with the natives. 
This unfortunate occurrence happened more through the 
inadvertence and neglect of some of his own people than by 
his own rashness. His death was universally regretted by 
those to whom his merits and public services were known. 
"Perhaps no science ever received greater additions from the 
labors of a single man, than geography has done from those of 
Captain Cook, ' ' writes his biographer; and when we sum up 
the results of his two voyages of discovery and research, the 
extent and importance of his discoveries, his contributions to 
natural science, his kind and successful method pursued with 
his crews, preserving the health of his men — a task so difficult 
during a long voyage — and forming a new era in navigation, 
fame has justly transmitted his name to future ages as a friend 
and benefactor of man. 

The natives of these islands are of an olive brown color, 
varying in tint according to their exposure to the sun; so that 
the complexions of the chiefs are much lighter than the 
common folks. The hair is jet black, not in the least woolly, 
but generally quite straight, though sometimes wavy. The 
face is well formed and handsome, the only fault being a broad- 
ness across the nostrils. The men are tall, active and powerful. 
Some writers have almost gone into ecstacies over the finely 
cliiseled chin, nose and forehead of the singularly Grecian like 
faces of the women, their beautifully moulded forms, and their 
native ease and grace of action. The} - are pronounced worthy 
to be copied only by a Praxiteles. Although fond of orna' 
ments, they differ from most of the South Sea Islanders in 
refusing to perforate their ears, and but slightly practising 
"tattooing. ' They are very fond of pets, usually selecting 
a favorite dog or pig as an object for their affection. Their 
love of aquatic sports, and the senii-ainphibious nature of the 
people are too well known to need comment. It never enters 
the mind of a Sandwich Islander that any human being is 
unable to swim. It is said a child can swim as soon as it can 
walk, if not sooner. They are equally expert in the manage- 
ment of their canoes. 

Our captain went on shore, and before night we were well 
and plentifully supplied with provisions in the shape of oranges, 
bananas, plantains, and bread-fruit. We also received a half 
dozen live pigs, three or four barrels of salt beef and several 
sacks of flour. With another addition to our stores in the 
shape of fruit and vegetables, we hove up anchor on the fourth 
day after our arrival, and proceeded on our voyage, heading to 
the north and west. It fell calm during the afternoon and 
night, but. a breeze sprang up in the morning, and we passed 
the islands Kauhai and Niihau, the most northern and western 
of the group, and. with a fair wind on our quarter, bore away 
to the west on our voyage. 

September 1st we crossed the 180th degree of east longitude 
from Greenwich, and, as usual, struck off one day from the 
calendar of our lives. We were now half way around the 
world. The chronometer at London indicated eight p. m., 
ours eight a. m.; we had lost half a day. It is easily under- 
stood that in sailing over the other half of the globe, another 
half day would be lost, so science has decided that when 



crossing this parallel we drop one whole clay of our lives, in 
order to keep time correctly with the rest of the world. 



-«►» <* — »H 



arresponuencc 



Grantsn ille, May 12, 1874. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor, 

Dear Brother:— On the first day of May, the 
members of the Sunday School all joined in a May-day festival 
and picnic, which was a decidedly pleasant affair. The coronation 
of Miss Grilda Todd as May-queen by the lady attendants, Mrs. 
Pliason and Miss Rachel Hale, also the address delivered by the 
May-queen, were well executed, and worthy of notice. The pro- 
ceedings of the day were spiced with speeches from different 
members of the school, and music from the city band and juvenile 
choir. At two p.m. dancing was commenced in Anderson's hall, 
which lasted till six o'clock, all enjoying themselves very much. 

We have a good Sunday School in Grantsville, a great number 
of britrht-eyed boys and girls to attend it, a competent superin- 
tendent (Bro. Wm. Lee), and teachers to instruct them, a well- 
furnished meeting-house to assemble in on a Sunday morning, 
which give a very pleasing appearance to the school. It is a 
source of joy to see the children attentive to their Sunday School, 
striving with their minds and strength to learn the ways of truth 
and walk therein. 

Let us educate. It is an all-important matter, and our interest 
in education should ever increase. Every effort made to educate 
the young, should be encouraged. Sunday schools, day schools 
and institutions of learning should be supported and made a source 
of attraction for the young. 

Very Respectfully, 

Welt.-Wishkr. 
— ^» ^ • » ■ 

.A. SOIT G-. 



By Henry Maiben.— Tune, "Gek Up Dobbin. 



Written for and sung hy a Little Girl at a Sunday 
Sdwol Anniversary. 



I'm not very big and I'm not very old. 
But I know it is right to do what I am told. 

Papa wants me to sing, and, although I feel shy. 

As I know 'tis his wish, why, of course, I shall try. 

Chorus: — Pal de ral, laral, Pal de rul, laral, 

Fal de ral, laral, lal laral, li day. 

It would not be quite right if I say ' No, I can't!" 
And 'twould be very naughty to say, "No, I sha'n't!" 
So I'll sing, or at least, do the best that I can, 
Just to please dear papa, because that's the best plan. 

Little children like me, should attend Sunday School; 
Then, if we will be good and obey ev'ry rule, 

We shall learn to do right and to shun what is wr. nj. 

I think tbis is the end of my nice little song. 



It is not what people cat, but what they digest, that makes 
them strong. It is not what thev gain, but what they save, 
that makes them rich. It is not what they read, but what 
they remember, that makes them learn. It is not what they 
profess, but what they practise, that makes them righteous. 



HAPPINESS consists not in possessing much, but in being 
content with what we possess. He who wants little always 
has enough. 





136 



GTUTEITILB IITSTBTJCTOE 




U'faf jjuiremlq |(nstritrf0t[» 



GEORGE O CANNilV - - - - - unimnn 






SATURDAY, MAY 23, 


1874. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





** ASTEFULNESS is one of the great sins 

of the age, and above all, of the lar.d we 

ive in. God has so abundantly blessed 

this continent with the precious things of 

the earth, that its inhabitants do not 

rightly value His rich gifts to them, but 

use them with careless hands, thoughtless 

heads and ungrateful hearts. This is sinful; 

the Lord did not make anything to be 

wasted, and He is angry with those who thus 

abuse His gifts. 

In the works of God nothing is wasted or 
without its use. What is not good for man 
is often good for beasts, and what is no use to 
either man or beast supports vegetable life. That 
which is poison to the animal creation is the food of 
the trees and the shrubs, and the refuse of our food 
is the richest element for those plants which, when 
grown to ripeness, become our most choice and health-giving 
viands — the grain°and fruits we so much delight in. 

But because God is so economical in the works of nature, 
and makes everything count for good for the whole, it is no 
reason that we should be wasteful and careless with those 
things that are of use to us. Neither can we urge as an excuse 
that we have plenty and to spare, when so many thousands 
have not enough. 

Boys and girls are very apt to be wasteful. This arises 
partly from ignorance, partly from carelessness, and partly 
from want of thought. A boy has more than he can eat, and 
he throws the rest away; he has good clothes, and he tears and 
destroys them, for want of care. He has tools, and he leaves 
them to be burned up in the sun or to rot in the wet. He has 
good books, and throws them about, he greases and "dog's- 
ears" them until they are destroyed. So with some little girls; 
they leave off their clothes before they are half worn out, and 
either put them away where the moths eat them or lay them 
about where they are kicked and knocked around until they 
are scarcely fit for carpet rags. 

There is another kind of wastefulness which is also to be 
avoided. It is the buying of goods we do not need, or which are 
not suitable to our employment or style of life. A little Miss 
sees a pair of imported fine kid shoes, and she must have them 
they look "so pretty." But she forgets that our rough moun- 
tain roads and unpaved streets will wear out such a pair of 
shoes in a week. Her brother also wants a pair of fine boots, 
and with these he goes into the canyon to haul lumber, or into 
his father's fields to plow. Who ever saw the farmers and 
artisans of any other country save our own do their work in 
fine boots? Is this not wastefulness? We might as well take 
a razor, and with it chop wood; or a light buggy to haul ore 
from the mines in our mountains. 

Every wise parent will strive to teach his children true thrift 
and economy. True economy is using the right thing for the 
right purpose, and using just enough to accomplish the work, 
and no more. "He who is taught to live upon little, owes more 



to his father's wisdom, than he who has a great deal left him 
does to his father's care." The teachings of the wise father 
will be remembered through life, the riches of the careful 
father will probably be squandered more rapidly than they were 
acquired, if the riches be unaccompanied by wise teaching. 

Boys and girls are often reminded that "wilful waste makes 
woeful want. ' ' This is a truth. Wastefulness is the mother 
of poverty. If we would be rich in the things of this world, 
which are all the gifts of our Eternal Father, we must use that 
which is placed in our charge with care and wisdom. If we do 
not, his blessing will be withheld from us. But some of us do 
not know how to put our time, our talents and our property to 
the best possible use. We waste our time, hide our talents 
and let our possessions go to ruin. Therefore we must be 
taught. It is for this cause, among many others, that God has 
inspired His servants to proclaim to us the ' 'United Order of 
Zion; ' ' that neither our time, our talents nor our wealth may be 
wasted, be undirected, or be lost. 

Can the young become partakers of the blessings of this 
Order? Most certainly. There is no better time to learn than 
in youth; no better time to acquire good habits and receive 
sound principles, no better time to obey the law of the Lord, 
no better time to become accustomed to doing His will. 



Since the last issue of the Instructor we have removed 
our Business and Publishing Office from the building lately 
occupied in the Tithing Office yard to the Corner of South Tem- 
ple and First West Streets. Our new location possesses many 
advantages for us, being on one of the most public streets — 
that leading from the Railroad Depot to the central part of the 
city — nearer to our press-room and at home; and we trust the 
location will prove as convenient and satisfactory to our patrons. 
Remember, the corner building, one block west of the Old 
Tabernacle. 



A number of our country patrons, when subscribing, this year, 
paid only $1,00 each, to secure to them the First Half of 
Volume Nine, intending to renew their subscriptions and secure 
the full Volume, by forwarding another $1,00 before the expi- 
ration of the first six months. We wish to remind such that 
Number Thirteen — the second number after this — concludes 
the First Half of the Volume, and those whose present sub- 
scriptions expire at that time will oblige us and insure to 
themselves a continuation of the paper by renewing them 
immediately. 

We take this opportunity of expressing our gratitude for 
the aid rendered us by our many friends in the work of can- 
vassing the present year. Through their efforts our lists have 
been materially enlarged, which, in these dull times, is a source 
of encouragement. We have now to request them, and as 
many others as will favor us by taking an interest in the matter, 
to devote some attention to the getting of expiring subscrip- 
tions renewed, as also to the procuring of more subscriptions 
to the Full Volume, immediately. 



Praise. — Men who praise you to your face, are ever to be 
suspected. The Italians have a very expressive proverb on 
this subject: — "He who caresses you more than he was wont to 
do, has either deceived you, or is about to do it." We have 
never known the sentiment in this proverb to fail. 



To be proud of learning is the greatest ignorance. 




J" TJ "V" E H\T I LE IHSTEUCTOR. 



127 




TIRED OTJT. 




There is not a reader of the Juvenile Instructor in any 
settlement of the Latter-day Saints that could find such a 
scene as that shown in our picture, were they to travel from 
St. George in our Dixie to St. Charles near Bear Lake. Such 
a sad picture can only he met with in the large cities of Europe 
and the States. 

When far away from the home of the Saints, preaching the 
gospel in the vast cities of modern Babylon, we have often 
lain awake and listened to the feeble voices of little girls, even 
smaller than this one, who far into the night stood in the noisy 
streets, and with the help of a wheezj' concertina or ill-tuned 
violin, strove to sing 
some well-known air 
and gain an occa- 
sional purchaser of 
their songs, or have 
thrown to them once 
in a while a half- 
penny by way of char- 
ity. Then the child- 
ish treble of their 
voices as it reached us 
mingled with the 
rattle of the wagons, 
the curses of tlie 
drunkard, and the 
general din and noisy 
clamor of the streets, 
reminded us keenly 
how far we were from 
home and how far the 
people were from 
heaven and a know- 
ledge of His ways. 

Weary, cold, hun- 
gry and half clothed. 
worn out with want 
and fatigue the child 
has crept into the cor- 
ner of some church 
porch or neighboring 
gin palace and fallen 
asleep from utter ex- 
haustion. Possibly 
she has no home to go 
to, or if she has it is 
such a one, that the 
open streets are bet- 
ter then its footed misery. Perhaps in some dark noisome 
cellar, in the midst of some alley reeking with filth and garbage, 
she may have a place she calls home. Or again she may have 
wandered from town to town from valley to valley only gaining 
a shelter from the cold and storms when she could pay a few 
cents for a night's shelter and covering. What a life for any of 
God's children to lead, what temptation are they exposed to, 
how vile the companions with which they are forced to mingle. 
It is not so much the misery which hardens, as the sin which 
destroys, that makes such a life so terrible. 

Though we see no such scenes as this in the midst of the 
Latter-day Saints, and the children reared here know nothing 
from actual contact of the things of which we have been 

caking, yet we have heard of men and women too who 



were not satisfied with the blessing of God enjoyed in these 
peaceful vales, and longed to be in the midst of Babylon. 
How strange that people should be so foolish or so forgetful 
of God's favors. Could any one wish to see sad pallid little 
faces like the one we have in our picture roaming through our 
streets singing and playing for a living? Would we not all prefer 
to see our children as the} 7 are. going to school or learning some 
trade, that when they have grown up they may be happy and 
useful; and above all being taught of the laws of God that their 
happiness and usefulness may never cease, not even through 
eternity? 



Curious Needles. 



-The king 




of Prussia recently visited a 
needle manufactory in 
his kingdom, in order 
to see what machi- 
nery, combined with 
the human hand, 
could produce. He 
was shown a number 
of superfine needles, 
thousands of which 
together did not 
weigh half an ounce, 
and marveled how 
such minute objects 
could be pierced with 
an eye. But he was 
to see in this respect 
that even something 
still finer and more 
perfect could be crea- 
ted. The borer— that 
is, the workman whose 
business it is to bore 
the holes in these 
needles — asked for a 
hair from the mon- 
arch's head. It was 
readily given, and 
with a smile he placed 
it at once under the 
boring machine, 
turned a hole in it 
with the greatest care, 
furnished it with a 
thread, and then 
handed the singular 
needle to the aston- 
ished king. 

The second curious needle is in the possession of Queen 
Victoria. It was made at the celebrated needle manufactory 
at Beddiclr and represents the column of Trajan in miniature. 
This well-known Roman column is adorned with numerous 
scenes in sculpture, which immortalize Trajan's heroic actions 
in war. On this dimutive needle scenes in the life of Queen 
Victoria are represented in relief, but so finely cut and so small 
that it requires a magnifying glass to see them. The Victoria 
needle can, moreover, be opened; it contains a number of 
needles of smaller size, which are equally adorned with scenes 
it relief. 



NEVER lessen good actions, nor aggravate evil ones. 




1^"" 



128 



J" TJ "V" E 1ST I L E IUSTBUOTOR. 



llnectloles of] painim^ 



«*i 



TITIAN" "V E IE X_, T_i I O . 



From Chamber*' Miscellany. 




The birthplace of Titian, or Tiziano, as his countrymen 
entitled the first of Venetian colorists, was Tai, a village 
01 the Piave, in the Venetian States. His father's name was 
Yecellio, but little or nothing is known of his parents and his 
early life. Even the year in which he was born is disputed, 
some giving 1477, others 148); but these matters are of lcs ; er 
importance. Whether rich or poor, of noble or peasant 
lineage. Titian was one of the greatest of the Italian painters. 
At ten years of ag?, the boy was taken from the country to 
live with an uncle at Venice. This worthy relative, struck 
with his nephew's talent in painting, procured instruction for 
him. His first master was Sebastiano Zuccati, of whose 
mediocrity the fact that he is only remembered by posterity as 
the early teacher of Titian, gives sufficient proof. Afterwards, the 
boy was placed under the care of Giovanni Bellii i. a name cf 
higher note, though still not very celebrated. 

This Giovanni Bellini was one of three — a father and two 
sons — who were the founders of the Venetian sc'iool of art. 
Of these, the elder brother, Giovanni, was mte'i the best 
artist. , He was highly esteemed in his own country, and his 
fame even reached to Constantinople. The Otto-van empercr, 
Mohammed II., sent a request to him, inviting him thither; 
but the Venetian senate valued their painter too highly to part 
with him; they sent his elder brother, Gentile, to the Turkish 
sovereign. Mohammed courteously received his guest, showed 
him all honor, and employed him to paint several picture". 
Among these was one, the subject of which was the '"Beheading 
of St. John the Baptist." The emperor was one day look'nj 
at this, and pointed out to the artist some error which he 
fancied he perceived. To enforce his arguments, Mohammed 
had a black slave brought in and decapitated in his presence! 
This very despotic mode of proving a disputed question in art 
so terrified the painter, that he never knew peace until he 
contrived to escape from his polite host, an 1 returned in sa r ey 
to his own country and his brother Giovanni. After this 
digression about Titian's first instructors, we must return to 
the young pupil himself. He advanced gradually in his studies. 
surpassing his fellow-student Giorgione, though the latter wa< 
no insignificant rival, and even arousing the jealousy of 
Bellini himseF. When only eighteen, Titian painted a portrait 
of a Venetian nobleman called Barbarigo. This -vtttk gained 
much applause for the young artist, whose name was the first 
known bnyond the limits of the studio'of Bellini. An ther of his 
early pictures was "Christ Paying the Tribute money. ' in thi< 
he competed successfully with Albert Purer, whose style was so 
different to the one which Titian afterwards made his own. 

At this period of Titian's life, he admired so much the hard 
dry German style, that he invited artists from that country to 
his house, and became their assiduous pupil; but a time was 
soon coming in which a new light was to dawn upon him. It is 
said that Titian's friend and fellow-pupil ( iiorgione was the first 
to break through the trammels of Bellini's formal style, which 
both had hitherto so rigidly followed. However for a long time 
he and Titian painted in conjunction; thus laying the foundation 
of that gorgeous manner of coloring in which they have never 
ieen surpassed, and which their pupils imitated, creating upon 



he groundwork which Bellini had laid the celebrated Venetian 
school. 

But jealousy intervened to break the union of these two great 
masters. They quarreled, and separated; and while they 
lived, the friendship thus severed was never renewed. On 
whose side this rivalry began cannot now be known; but it is 
probable that the wrong lay with Giorgione, as he was cer- 
tain 1 }- the inferior artist of the two, and Titian is represented 
as being in private life a most amiable character. It is always 
sad to have to note these rivalries and dissensions between 
men of genius. While (iiorgione lived, he was in a great 
measure an obstacle to Titian's rise to fortune; but he died in 
1511, and there was no longer any competitor to share the 
palm with Vccellio. 

Soon after, Alfonso. Duke of Ferrara, invited the artist, 
thither; and for this generous patron of art he painted the 
celebrated "Bacchus and Ariadne," which is now in the 
British National Gallery. At Ferrara, too, Titian formed a 
s'rong friendship for Ariosto, with whom he interchanged 
tributes of admiration; the poet celebrating him in the Orlando 
Furioso, in return for a portrait which the artist painted of 
Ariosto. 

Titian's fame was now established; and yet wealth did not 
come in proportion to renown. He was still a poor man. 
though he was received as a friend by nobles and princes. 
Perhaps he hid his poverty through pride, so that it never 
came to the knowledge of these his patrons. However, it is 
asserted that in 1530, when Titian's name was known all over 
Italy, the artist himself was in the deepest poverty. This was 
discovered by afriend.Pet erAretine, who considerately mentioned 
the painter to the Emperor Charles V. as a subject for his 
generosity. Charles knew how to assist genius without 
wounding its delicacy. He employed Titian to paint his 
portrait, for which he paid him a sum far above any the artist 
had ever received. 

From Bologna, where the emperor was, Titian proceeded to 
Mantua and Rome, being honorably received at both courts, 
and using his pencil advantageously, chiefly in portraits of the 
great and noble of the day. He then rejoined Charles V.i 
who had returned to Madrid, in which city Tithn passed three 




years. 



(To he Continued.) 



A Puzzled Frenchman.— A Frenchman, while looking at 
a number of vessels, exclaimed, "See what a flock of ships! ' 
He was told that a flock of ships was called a fleet, but that a 
fleet of sheep was called a flock. To assist him in mastering 
the intricacies of the English language, he was told that a 
flock of girls was called a bevy, that a bevy of wolves is called 
a pack, but that a pack ot cards is never called a bevy, though 
a pack of thieves is called a gang, and a gang of angels is called 
a host, while a host of porpoises is termed a shoal. He was 
told that a host of oxen is termed a herd, and a herd of 
c'li'.dren h called a troop, and a troop of partridges is termed a 
covey, and a covey of beauty is called a galaxy, and a galaxy of 
ruffians is called a horde, and a horde of rubbish is called a 
heap, and a heap of bullocks is called a drove, and a drove of 
blackguards is called a mob, and a mob of whales is called a 
school, and a school of worship is called a congregation, and a 
congregation of engineers is called a corps, and a corps of 
robbers is called a band, and a band of locusts is called a 
crowd, and a crowd of gentlefolks is called the elite. The last 
word being French, the scholar understood it and asked no 
more. 





JUVE1TILB INSTRUCTOR 



129 




THE THRESHING FLOOE, 




Harvest time was ever a psriod of rejoicing with the ancient 
Israelites. First the barley, then the wheat and other grain 
fell under the sickle of the husbandman. The time of the 
harvest usually lasted about seven weeks, from Passover to 
Pentecost, which came generally about the beginning of June. 
On the second day of the Passover a barley sheaf was presented, 
as an offering of the first fruits of the harvest, at the altar of 
God. 

The grain, 
after being har- 
vested, was next 
carried to the 
threshing flo; r. 
on beasts of bur- 
den or in two- 
wheeled wag- 
ons. All wagon 3 
in those days 
move 1 upon two 
wheels. The 
threshing floor 
was, as a rule, in 
the field, on the 
top of some ris- 
ing g r o u n d , 
where it would 
on all sides be 
most open to the 
wind. It had 
no covering, 
and was in fact, 
nothing more 
than a portion 
of the ground, 
leveled with a 
great roller and 
beaten so as to 
become com- 
pletely hard. 
On this the 
sheaves were 
thrown together 
in a loose heap, g|lj 
ready for thresh 
ing. To beat § 
out the lighter 
kinds of grain. 
a flail or cudgel 
was used, but 
for crops of the 
heavier sort, 
such as wheat 
or barley, the 
common meth- 
ods were the feet of oxen or the threshing instrument. 

The threshing instrument was not always made in the same 
way, in every particular; the general form, however, was con - 
monly the same. Imagine four stout pieces of timber joined 
together in a square frame, and three heavy rollers, with axles 
at each end, reaching across and turning in its opposite sides; 
suppose each of these rollers Ui have around it three iron 
wheels, cut into sharp teeth, like a saw, or to be armed with 




thick pieces of the same metal, standing out six inches all 
over its surface; then fancy a body of some sort raised over 
this frame, with a seat for a man to sit upon and ride, and you 
will form a pretty correct notion of this powerful machine. 
Mounted on his seat, with a yoke of oxen before him, the 
driver directed it around the floor. The rollers, as they turned 
heavily along, crushed and broke all before them. The front 
part of the machine was turned upward, like the runners of a 
sled or sleigh, so as to pass along without becoming choked 

with the straw. 
The next bus- 
iness was to win- 
now the grain, 
or separate it 
from the straw 
andchaft. This 
was done by 
throwing it up 
fore the wind, 
with a fork or 
shovel. The 
straw, by the 
force of the 
threshing in- 
strument, was 
so cut and bro- 
en into small 
pieces, that it 
readily flew off 
isomc distance 
*4 with the chaff. 
*.. The grain was 
then cleared of 
heavier sub- 
stances, such as 
lumps of earth, 
with a sieve. 
It was because 
wind was so nec- 
essary in this 
msiness, that 
5 the threshing 
^ floor was always 
"===•. on a high place, 
: J like that of Ar- 
aunah, the Jeb- 
$S^>"l§^5S§lg^3f: usite. But to 
^SJ assist in driving 
5jJ away the straw 
chaff, it was 



and 

common to use 
also a fan. To 
purge the heap 
thoroughly, it 
was exposed 
in the w i n d 

more than once. As threshing is used figuratively for severe 
destruction, so is winnowing for the scattering of a vanquished 
people: ''Behold," fays God to His people, "I will make 
thee a new sharp threshing instrument, having teeth; thou 
shall thresh the mountains, and beat them small, and shalt 
make the hills as chaff. Thou shalt fan them, and the wind 
shall cany them away, and the whirlwind shall scatter them!' 
The same image is employed, also, fearfully to represent ill 





130 



J" TJ "ST IE IsT I L El UsTSTRTJCTOB 




separation of the wicked from the righteous, and their utter 
desolation before the wrath of the Almighty. They shall be 
"as the chaff that is driven with the whirlwind out of the 
floor;" "as stubble before the wind, and as chaff that the 
storm carrieth away." In some cases it would seem that 
it was also common to set fire to the chaff, as it lay mingled 
with the more broken and useless parts of the straw in a 
neighboring pile, when the image became more terrible still. 
Thus, the righteous judgment which Christ will execute 
upon the ungodly, is represented by John the Babtist: ' 'His 
fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor, and 
gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the 
chaff with unquenchable fire." The straw that was less 
broken, was carefully laid up for the use of cattle. 

The Lord, more mindful of the brute creation than man often 
shows himself, taught the ancient Israelites a lesson of 
kindness to those who aided them in the harvest, when He 
commanded them "Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he 
treadeth out the corn." 



)ttr ^itsciun,. 



moderist ooinsrs. 



B Y B E T H . 




IN our day many changes are taking place in coins of Japan. 
They are being made to resemble those of America. To 
'iflfeet this change, large amounts in gold and silver have been 
sent to this country to be melted, brought up to a correct stand- 
and revised. The gold coins of that singular country were 
thin oval plates., with small marks or figures stamped upon 
them. They had also silver coins, of a rectangular shape, 
varying from seven cents to twenty-five cents in value. Also 
a kind of bell metal oval coin, with a square hole in the middle 
so as to enable one to put them on a string and carry them 
conveniently. Some of their small silver coins are also rectan- 
gular in shape, and gilt. They had also a paper currency: 
long slips of card, covered with singular characters in the 
Japanese language; these are also not to be continued in circu- 
lation after a suitable currency is prepared in this country to 
replace them. 

Chinese coins are becoming very common. The most com- 
mon are of the color of brass. They have square holes through 
them to tie them together on strings. Some of them are 
worth about the tenth part of a cent, or a mill of this country. 
The characters upon some of them are partly English; these 
are coins of Hong Kong, a part of China subject to British 
rule. These have the portrait of the queen of England upon 
them. The Chinese coins merely have the year of the reign 
of the Chinese monarch on them, in Chinese characters: as 
"The happy year." "The illustrious year," etc. 

Coins of Thibet, Siam, and many of those of oriental India 
are very rude in shape, having only inscriptions on them, and 
sometimes the names of deities. At Calcutta they hare coins 
of gold, silver, and alloys of those metals and others. Some 
of the ancient coins of that presidency are of much interest 
and value. The modern coins are the mohur (sixteen rupees), 
pagoda, rupee and cash. Some of them have English charac- 
ters as well as native and Persian upon them. Some show 
they are issued by the East India Company. The gold pagoda 

worth about one dollar and forty-eight cents; the quarter 



pagoda, thirty-seven cents, silver; the rupee, about forty-eight 
cents, is divided into half and quarter rupees. Smaller silver 
coins are also in use: the anna (two and a half cents), the pice 
(a little less than a cent), etc., which are divided into coins of 
still smaller value. The most curious of these coins are the 
old rupees, covered with inscriptions and representations of the 
signs of the zodiac: the ram, the bull, the lion, ete. 

Coins of Persia, Arabia, Turkey, etc. , find their way into 
this city, now that so many travel across the continent. There 
are several collections now being made here. The small gold 
coins of Turkey have the name of the sultan upon them, with 
some favorite quotation from the Koran. There was no regular 
coinage of the Turks until they conquered Constantinople. 
Coins of Italy and of Rome are some of them coins of kings, 
others of the popes. Papal coins originated with Hadrian 
First. They are of the size of silver pennies, and have the 
pope's name on one side and Petros (Peter) on the other. 
Some early coins have Peter on one side, and Paul on the other. 

Some coins are very curious, some are fine specimens of 
beauty. Some coins have the armorial bearings of the reign- 
ing pope. Here is one of silver, with the name around the 
escutcheon: Clemens Xll. P. M. An VIII. , with the crosier 
and other insignia of the pontifical office. P. 31. , it may be 
remembered, is Pontifex Maximus; all Cue rest is easily under- 
stood. On the reverse of this coin is In Cibos Payperym 
1736., showing this was money for the use of the poor for food. 
Its value is about ten cents. One Roman crown has on the 
obverse Clemens XIV. Pont. Max. A. I. I. around the 
armorial bearings of the pontiff, surmounted by the triple 
crown, with the keys in saltire, that is cross-like. The reverse 
represents St. Peter and St. Paul, with a dove surrounded by 
rays. Peter holds the keys in his right hand, and the sword is 
placed between the two figures. In the base is the date in 
Roman figures 1770, and a small escutcheon of the reigning 
pope with the cardinal's hat over it. The present pope issued 
coins of fine workmanship in lst56. A profile of 'the pontiff 
with Pius IX. Pon. Max. An. XXL, shows this was the 
twenty-first year of Pio Nino, or Pius the Ninth. On the 
reverse, around a wreath containing 1 Lira (about seven- 
teen and a half cents in gold), is Stato Pontifico, showing 
that this money is for the States of the chureh. Other paprl 
coins will be described when the coins of Italy and Sardinia 
are noticed. 

The leading features of all the papal coins are imagery that 
shows the combined authority of the sovereigns of Rome (the 
popes) to be both temporal and spiritual. The keys of St. 
Peter allude to the spiritual authority held by the descendants 
of that apostle; the sword is symbolical of temporal power. 
The cross erected on a rock shows the stability of the church, 
and the dove is an emblem of the spirit. The papal triple 
crown was originally a plain pointed cap; the present pope is 
sometimes represented with this cap. The first crown was 
added to the cap in A. 1), 523, the second about 1300, the third 
a few years afterwards. The crosier was the original staff of 
the Romans, now it is a' symbol of episcopal authority. 



The covetous man heaps up riches, not to enjoy them, 
but to have them, and starves himself in the midst of plenty, 
and most unnaturally cheats and robs himself of that which is 
his own, and makes a hard shift to be as poor and miserable 
with a great estate as any man can be without it. 



Seek only good; thus, pleasure comes unsought. 





j"0"vjhhtxXj^i iitstbtjctor 



131 




litesfioitgi ant! jVttswergi 

OlsT THE BIBLE. 
HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 




LESSON LXIY. 

Q.— How muny were slain by a plague for murmuring against 
Moses and Aaron? 

A. — Fourteen thousand and seven hundred. 

Q. — How was the plague stayed? 

A. — Aaron made an atonement for the pe p'e as Moses 
commanded. 

Q,— What did the Lord command the several tribes to bring to 
Moses? 

A.— A rod for each tribe. 

Q._Whicb of all the rods flourished? 

A.— Only that of Aaron, who was of the tribe of Levi. 

Q.—What was this rod laid up in the tabernacle of witness for? 

A.— As a token against the rebels. 

Q.— What happened at Kadesh in the wilderness of Zin? 

A. Miriam died and was buried there. 

n_ What did the people murmur about at that place? 

A.— The want of water. 

q — How did they obtain water? 

£_ Moses smote the rock twice and the water came abun- 
dantly. 

Q._What was the water called? 

A.— The water of Meribah. 

q What did the Lord say unto Moses and Aaron? 

A. That they should not bring the congregation into the 

promised land. 

Q.—What reason did the Lord give? 

A. "Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of 

the children of Israel." 

q What king did Moses send messengers to from Kadesh? 

A.— To the king of Edom. 

Q,— What request did they make? 

A.— Permission to pass through his country. 

Q.— What was the king of Edom's answer? 

A.— He refused to let them pass. 

Q.—What did the children of Israel then do? 

A. They turned away trom him, and came unto Mount 

Hor. 

q_ What did Moses do at that place according to the commands 

of the Lord. 

A. He stripped Aaron of his garments and put them upon 

Eleazer his son. 

Q.—What became of Aaron? 

A —He died on the top of the mount. 

Q._What did the children of Israel do when they saw that 
Aaron was dead? 

A. — They mourned thirty days. 

Q. Who fought against Israel and took some of them prison- 
ers? 

A. — King Arad. 

Q. — What did the Israelites do after this? 

A. — They utterly destroyed the Canaanites and their cities. 

Q. — What judgment was sent among the pe >ple when they 
spoke against God and against Moses? 

A. — Fiery serpents. 

Q. — When the people confessed their sin, what did Muses do 
that they might be saved' 

A. — He made a serpent of braS6 and put it upon a pole. 

Q. — What did the people do that were bitten with the fiery ser- 
pents? 

A. — They looked upon the serpent of brass and lived. 

Q. — Who refused to let Israel pass through his border anil 
fought with them? 

A.— Sihon, king of the Arnorites. 



Mentions ami jLnsurers 

OUST TBIB 
BOOK OIF 1 2& O B IMI O 3sT . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXIV. 

Q. — While witnessing the pain of those who were buined, how 
did Amulek feel? 

A. — He felt very sorrowful and was angry with the persecutors. 

Q.—What did he want to do? 

A. — To exercise the power of God which was in them, and save 
the innocent from the flames. 

Q. — Would Alma agree to this? 

A. — No; he said the spirit of the Lord constrained him. 

Q.— Why was this? 

A. — Because those who were burned were received into the 
prjsence of Uod in glory. 

Q. — Why did God suffer the wicked to thus persecute the 
righteous? 

A. — That He might exercise judgments upon them. 

Q. — What did Amulek next say? 
jJA. — "Perhaps they will burn us also." 

Q — What did Alma reply? 

A.— That their work was not finished, but it was as the Lord 
would. 

Q. — When those cast into the fire were consumed what did the 
chief judge of the land do':' 

A. — He came and stood before Alma and Amulek. 

Q. — What did he do unto them? 

A. — He smote them on their cheeks. 

Q. — What did he say unto them after this? 

A.— He asked them if they would preach any more. 

Q. — What else did he say? 

A. — "Ye did not have power to save those cast into the fire." 

Q — To what order did this judge belong? 

A. — To the order of Nelior. 

Q. — Did Alma and Amulek answer him? 

A. — No; they kept silent. 

Q.—What did the judge do? 

A. — He smote them again and gave orders for them to be put in 
prison. 

Q. — Who came to the prison after three days? 

A. — Lawyers, judgos, priests and teachers, all of the order of 
Nehor. 

Q.—What did they want? 

A. — They desired to question them. 

O. — Would Alma and Amulek speak to them? 

A.— No. 

Q. — Did the lawyers depart after this? 

A. — Yes, but returned the next day. 

Q. — Did the judge smite them again? 

A. — Yes; and many of the people did also. 

Q. — What did the lawyers then do? 

A' — They mocked Alma and Amulek and spit on them. 

Q. — What were the prisoners then deprived of? 

A. — Food and clothing. 

Q. — After they had endured this affliction many days, what did 
they do? 

A. — They called upon the Lord for deliverance. 

Q — When was this? 

A. — The twelfth day in the tenth month of the tenth year of 
the reign of the judges. 

Q. — Was their prayer answered? 

A. — Yes; the Lord gave them power. 

Q.—What did they do? 

A. — They broke the bands which bound them. 

Q.—What did the wicked do? 

A. — They were frightened and fled. 





132 



CT TT ^ IE ZLNT I !_. IE I1TSTRTJCTOR 




nSTAIMIIES OIF THE STATES. 




NEW Hampshire was named from Hampshire country, in 
England. It was formerly called Laconia. 

Vermont — from the French Vert Mont, signifying Green 
Mountains. 

MASSACHUSETTS is the Indian name for "The country around 
the great hills." 

Rhode Island, the beautiful little state, owes its name to 
the island of Rhodes, in the Mediterranean, which domain it is 
said to greatly resemble. 

Connecticut, from the Indian Quonck-ta-Cut, signifying 
"Long River." 

New York was named for the English Duke of York and 
Albany, who sent an expedition to America, which landed at 
the little Dutch town of Manhattan or New Amsterdam and 
penetrated as far into the interior as Albany. His expedition 
honored their patron by .giving the Duke's title name to the 
colony and to two of the principal towns. 

New Jersey, so called in honor of Sir George Carteret, 
who was Governor of the island of Jersey, in the British 
Channel. 

Pennsylvania, everybody knows, means "Perm's woods," 
and was so called after William Penn, its original Quaker 
owner. 

Delaware, after Lord De la Ware. 

Maryland, after Henrietta Maria, Queen of Charles the 
First of England. 

VIRGINIA, the oldest of the States, and one of the original 
thirteen, was called in honor of Queen Elizabeth, the "Virgin 
Queen," in whose reign Sir Walter Raleigh made the first 
attempt to colonize that region. 

The Carolinas were originally one tract, and were called 
"Carolana" after Charles the Ninth of France. 

Georgia owes its name to George the second of England, 
who first established a colony there in 1732. 

Kentucky is the Indian for ' 'at the head of the river. ' ' 

Tennessee is the Indian for "the river of the Bend" — i" «., 
the Mississippi, which forms its western boundary. 

Ohio means "beautiful." 

Louisiana was called after Louis the Fourteenth, who at one 
time owned that section of the country. 

Mississippi is an Indian name, meaning "Long River." 

Illinois is derived from the Indian word illini, men, and 
the French suffix ois, together signifying "tribe of men." 

Maine was called after the province of Maine in France, in 
compliment of Queen Henriette of England, who owned that 
province. 

Alabama was so named by the Indians, and signifies 
"Here we rest." 

Missouri is from the Indian word "muddy." which more 
properly applies to the river which flows through it. 

Arkansas, from Kansas, the Indian word for "Smoky 
Water." Its prefix arc, the French word for "bow." 

MICHIGAN was called by the name given the lake, meaning 
"fish-weir," which was so styled from its fancied resemblance 
to a fish-trap. 

Florida. — Ponce de Leon landed on the coast of Florida on 
Easter Sunday, and called the country in commemoration of 
the day, which was the Pasqua Florida of the Spaniards, or 
"Feast of flowers." 

Texas is the American word for the Mexican name by which 
all that section of country was called before it was ceded to the 
United States. 



Iowa, "drowsy ones. " 

Wisconsin, "wild-nishing channel." 

California named by Cortez. 

Minnesota, "cloudy water." 

Oregon owes its Indian name to its principal river. 

Kansas, Indian for "smoky water." 

Nevada, Indian, means white with snow, and it is well 
known that that mountainous territory contains peaks covered 
with perpetual snow. 



STJ1T ID A. 3T 

FOE LITTLE 



LESSOITS 



LEARNERS. 



LESSON-YI. 



Q. — By what name is that portion of the Bible known which 
contain? these histories? 
A— The New Testament. 

Q.— What was the name of the writer of the first book in the 
New Testament? 
A. — Matthew. 
Q. — Who wrote the sec md? 
A.— Mark. 

Q — Which one of the books was written hy Luke? 
A.— The third book. 
Q. — And which one by John? 
A.— The fourth. 

lj. — Which one of the apostles was a persecutor of the Church 
. before he came to believe the truths which Jesus taught? 
A— Paul. 

-s?»+~~< a> ' <»■ 

CHARADE. 



BY J. L. B. 

Increasing in these valleys year by year, 
And bringing with it blessings everywhere, 

To beautify, to nourish, and to slake the thirst, 

To vivify the desert, is my first. 

Lo! The poor Indian carries on his shoulders, 
Oft to the terror of the scared beholders, 
That which a weapon or a toy is reckoned, 
According to its use — this names my second. 

No tongue can tell, no pencil paint the glories, 
No poet pen 1113' beauties in his stories; 
Nor can the fervid fancy of the soul 
Conceive the gorgeous glories of my whole. 



The answer to the Charade in Number 9 is Resurrection- 
We have received correct solutions from S. H. Lee, Brigham 
City; C. liindholm. jr., Tooele; 0. A. Allred, jr., St. Charles; 
also from Chas. Reynolds, S. Christensen, M. E. Letham. E. 
F. Culmer, Esther Rice and Helen Williams, Salt Lake City. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANftON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

_;2®~Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Oflice should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




