
i^Iiii^ss U t^t ^Qx)i\ 





C^<<^^ *^^ v^'^*^^' i^ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUEDAY, DP^CEMBER 24, 1870. 



NO. 2G. 



J^ TT^/TJE STO"E?y"Z'. 



SINCE tlio first settlement of this Territory to the pre- 
sent time, thousanils of instances have occurred in 
which tlie Latter-day Saints have saved the lives of emi- 
grant strangers, men, women and children, passing 
tlirough from the Eastern States on their way to the gold 
mines of California. As an interesting incident of tliis 
kind, I will now tell my young readers the following true 
story, which was told to me by Elder Jude Allen. I will 
give Brother Allen's own language as near as I can recol- 
lect it: 

" A little over nine years .ago Brothers Chester Love- 
land, James May and myself moved to this place, which 
is seven miles north of Brigham City, Box Elder County. 
As there were no settlers north of us, and none nearer to 
the southward than Brigham City, it was thought hy 
some, that we would be in danger from the Indians, but 
we treated the red men kindly, feeding them when they 
were hungry, and they never meddled with us. On a 
September morning, in 18G3, we three brethren had just 
hitched our teams to our wagons, as we intended going to 
the canon, when two young men, who appeared to be 
weary, hungry and footsore, and in great distress, ap- 
proached us. They informed us that they belonged to a 
company of emigrants who were on their way from Iowa 
to California, and that, when about 100 miles North East- 
ward from this place the company was attacked, plundered 
and shot at by Indians, and that they had left the party to 
obtain succor for the distressed people. The knowledge 
that a number of our fellow-creatures were famishing for 
food and exposed to such dangers, filled our souls with a 
longing desire to save them, and we were determined, at 
all risks, with God's blessing, to do it. It was not a time 
to speak but to act, so but few words were said. We got 
together what provisions we could, and, in a few moments 
were traveling along as rapidly as possible to aid and rescue 
the unfortunate emigrants. After going ninety miles we 
found the party at a place called Cedar Pass, to the north- 
east of Malad Valley. When we came up to them the scene 
that took place cannot be described. The joy of the poor 
creatures was so great that the tears streamed down their 
faces like rain, and they would shout, laugh and weep by 
turns. We who, in the providence of God, were made 
instruments for .their perservation, could not help weep- 
ing and rejoicing with them. 

"These people had been wandering about in the brush for 
nine days from the time of the attack till we found them, 
and had lived on berries, rosebuds, grass, &c., and were in 
a state of starvation. We gave them something to eat and 
then learned the following iiarticulars: 



"The companyjnumbered forty-five souls in all, and had 
fifteen wagons and one carri.ige. The Indians made a 
sudden attack upon thena, took all the teams, wagons and 
the carri.ige. Tlie people ran into a patch of willows and 
hid themselves, and, as they were religious people, being 
Methodists, commenced praying for deliverance. 

"The Indians kept firing into the willows, and a member 
of the company, a man, was shot through the wrist, then 
a woman was shot through the breast, and a poor little 
child was also severely wounded. These things caused 
the people to think it was time to stop praying and com- 
mence shooting, .so those who h.ad guns opened fire on the 
Indians, who then left, taking the teams, wagons, &e., 
with them. The two young men who brought us the 
news of the afTair, being stronger than the rest, were en- 
abled to leave the company in order to obtain assistance. 

"Those who were unable to walk we put into the wagons, 
and we commenced to travel towards our little settlement. 
On the way we learned from Mr. Smith, an aged gentle- 
man, who was the recognized head of the company, that 
most of the people were related to him. Ho stated that 
he had heard that the 'Mormons' were a very wicked 
people, and wanted to know whether ho would be killed 
when he went among them. We told him the stories he 
had heard about the Latter-day Saints were lies, and that 
he and his people would be as kindly treated by them as 
by any other people in the world. He told us he lived i)> 
Iowa, on the opposite side of the river from Niiuvoo, at 
the time of the mobbing, driving and persecuting of the 
Latter-day Saints. He then heard that property was 
being sold cheap in Nauvoo, and crossed the river with 
the intention of purchasing, but when he saw the suffer- 
ings of the people who were being driven from their 
homes by bad and lawless men; his heart was touched, 
and he determined to have no hand in the matter by buy- 
ing property of which the owners were being robbed. He 
also stated that a Latter-day Saint Elder once visited his 
house in Iowa, and, in course of conversation, the Elder 
said, 'You will yet go to Utah.' He said he had always 
remembered that saying, and had been deteruiined never 
to go to Utah, and in order to avoid this Territory he had 
gone around by way of Soda Springs, and by the head of 
Malad Valley. 'Yet,' says he, 'here I am going to Utah.' 
He thought there was something strange in this incident; 
but of course it was nothing strange to us, knowing as we 
did that God honors the words of His faithful Elders, 
however men may endeavor to avoid their fullilmeut. 

"After traveling a considerable distance we arrived at a 
crossing of Bear River, where we found a train of emi- 





SOI 



J-TJ^EItTILE insrSTI^TJOTOI^, 



■^^'^' 



grants who were bound from the Eastern States to Cali- 
fornia, and it so happened that the people whom we had 
just rescued had many friends and acquaintauces in the 
train, and they took tliem along, on their journey west- 
ward, excepting Mr. Smith, his son and his son's wife, 
tlie latter being tlie woman who was shot through the 
breast. She was a very amiable lady, and, in fact, the 
tliree were well-disposed, well-behaved persons. They 
resided in Utah during that winter, and their relatives 
sending uiouey to them in the spring, they left with a 
higli opinion of tlie hospitality, morality and general 
goodness of the Latter-day Saints." 

J. N. 

[For the Juvenile Ins/ rue/or. 

ny[:xjTi2srEEK.s oif the 

" BOTJlNl'a?Y." 



ri'TIXIES and desert islands have been the foundation 
i'J- of many fictitious uaratives written by story writers; 
but we jjropose to tell the readers of the Juvenile a true 
story about a mutiny and an island in the Pacific Ocean 
which was peopled by the mutineers. First of all we shall 
explain tlie meaning of the term mutiny, which will en- 
able our readers to understand the incidents of our story 
all the better. A mutiny then, is a resistance made 
unitedly by a number of men against those in autliority 
over them: a kind of rebellion. The term is used more 
especially about resistance by the majority of men on 
board ships while at sea, against the authority of their 
olflcers. Such events are often very cruel and blood- 
tliirsty, and are the cause of much needless destruction of 
human life.- 

It is an account of a mutiny on board the English ship 
Iloun/j/, and the results which followed it in peopling the 
Island of I'itcairn that we wish to relate. 

In the latter part of the last century the British govern- 
ment sent the ship Bounty to the island of Tahiti, for the 
purpose of importing plants of the bread fruit tree from 
that French colony to some of the British colonies in the 
West Indies, in order to introduce their culture there if 
possible. 

The ship arriveil at Tahiti at a wrong season of the year, 
for transplanting, and bad to stay in port for six months. 
During this time an intimacy was formed between the 
sailors of the Jioimlij and some of the natives, and they 
were reluctant to leave. However, when the time for 
transplanting arrived. Captain Bligh, commander of the 
Jloun/i/, procured the number of plants he desired and set 
.sail for the West Indies. This was in the year 1780. A 
few days after sailing a mutiny broke out on board tlie 
JiOunti/, in which the greater part of the sailors took part. 
They succeeded in overpowering the Captain and all who 
remained faithful to him, and sent them adrift on the 
ocean in an open boat. The sailors then returned with 
the ship to Tahiti, where all but nine of them landed and 
stayed. Tliese nine persuaded nine native men and the 
same number of native women to go aboard the Bounty, 
when tliey set sail and no tidings were heard of them for 
years, and the belief was pretty general that the mutineers 
were drowned. 

In the year 1SI8 Captain Folger, of Xantucket, while on 
a sealing voyage in the Pacific, called at the Island of 
I'itcairn, and there found a colony of people numbering 
about seventy, most of whom, judging liy their color, were 
the children of white and copper-colored parents. Among 
them was one white man named Adams, and, upon in- 
([uiry, Captain Folger learned from him that lie was one 



of the mutineers of the Bounty, and that most of the peo- 
ple on the island were the descendants of the mutineers 
and of the Tahitian women. Adams was the only one of 
the mutineers living, and he informed Captain Folger that 
upon settling at Pitcairn's Island the mutineers had mar- 
ried the Tahitian women, and made slaves of the men. 
The temperature was found to be pleasant, and the soil 
fertile, and produced several kinds of nice fruit, and they 
had managed to live comfortably, and had built them- 
selves good habitations. Not long after their arrival the 
Tahitian men rebelled at being made slaves of, and their 
white masters put them all to death as a matter of safety. 
The discovery of the location of the mutineers created, 
when the belief had been long entertained that they had 
been lost at sea, quite an excitement throughout Europe 
and America, and an account of it was published in every 
civilized land. 

This interest died away in a few years, and public atten- 
tion was not again directed to the Pitcairners until fifteen 
or sixteen years ago, when benevolent people in England 
and Australia, thinking it would be for their benefit, paid 
for their removal from Pitcairn to Norfolk Island, in the 
South Pacific Ocean, a dependency of the British colony 
of New South Wales. 

The number of the islanders at the time of removal was 
about two hundred, and to some out of the number, the 
change was so distasteful that in two or three years a''ter 
seventeen of them returned to Pitcairn. 

Public attention has just been again called to these 
islanders, who, from seventeen in 185(j, have increased to 
seventy in 1870. It seems that they are very badly ofT for 
clothing; and, although well ofi" for food, as fruit, and 
goats and wild pigs abound among them, they have no 
facilities for manufacturing their clothing, and as 'their 
island lies out of the track usually taken by ships at sea, 
their chances for procuring clothing are very limited, and 
at the present time,,their women are destitute. In a letter 
recently delivered to the captain of a ship, which chanced 
to call at Pitcairn, they make an appeal to Christendom, 
which, owing to the peculiarity of their position and cir- 
cumstances, will doubtless soon be responded to and relief 
sent. fc 

The island w;is discovered in 17G7 by Admiral Carteret; 
and was named after the officer on board his ship who first 
saw it. If any of our readers who possess a good map, 
will examine the Pacific Ocean, and find latitude 25 de- 
grees and 3 minutes, south; and longitude 130 degrees 8 
minutes, west, they will find a small spot representing 
Pitcairn's Island. 



Kind Words. — They never blister the tongue nor lips, 
and we have never heard of any mental trouble arising 
from this (piarter. Though they do not cost much, yet 
they accomplish much. They help one's own good nature 
and good will. Soft words soften our own soul. Angry 
words are fuel to the llanies of wrath, and it makes them 
blaze more freely. 

Kind words make ot her people good natured. 
Told words freeze pcojile, and hot words scorch them, and 
bitter words make them bitter, and wrathful words make 
them wrathful. There is such a rush for all other kind of 
words in our days, that it seems desirable to give kind 
words a chance among them. There are vain words, and 
idle words, and hasty words, and spiteful words, and silly 
words, and empty words, and boisterous words, and war- 
like words. 

Kind words also produce their own image in men's 
souls. And a beautiful imago it is. They sootlie and 
(•onifort and <|uiet the hearer. They shame him out of 
his sour, morose, uiikiml feelings. We have not yet begun 
to use kind words in sucli abundance as they ought to be 
used. 



1^2^- 



J" TJ "V E 3Sr I L E IltTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



SOS 



^iogpaiilii. 






4;N^ir,^i 



THIIE 




HEN Jesus, our Savior, was on the 
earth he said to his disciples: "If ye 
were of the world, the world would 
love his own ; but because ye are not 
of the world, but I have chosen you 
out of the world, therefore the world 
hateth you." These words are as true 
and as applicable to his Saints to-day as 
they were when he spoke them. The 
world hateth the truth and the servants 
of God. It always did ; it always will, un- 
til the time shall come that Satan will have 
no more power over the hearts of the chil- 
dren of men. The world loveth its own. 
Men who are on the verge of apostasy seek 
for the love of the world ; it is a sure sign of 
apostasy wlien they do so. It shows that they 
are ready to sell out their interest in the King- 
dom of God for the perishable things of earth. 
This was the position of Rigdon and his asso- 
ciates ; they wished to make terms with the world to gain 
its favor, to be well-received by it. The wicked looked at 
his movements with pleasure. They applauded all his 
attempts to destroy the Church. Apostates who, while 
he was in fellowship with Joseph and the Twelve Apos- 
tles, despised and ridiculed him and called him hard 
names, now were favorable and friendly to him. He in 
turn manifested the same feeling to them. He sought 
their society and tbe'y sought his, and they appeared to be 
mutually pleased with one another. While the wicked 
had hopes that he would injure the work of God, and 
weaken or destroy the influence of the servants of God, 
they manifested much interest in his movements, not 
because they had any real liking or respect for him and 
his companions, for they liad not ; but because they hoped 
he would be successful in his base designs. When, how- 
ever, they saw that he had no success in his schemes, and 
that the work of God prospered, notwithstanding all his 
efforts and opposition, they ceased to pay any attention to 
him, and his movements no longer possessed the least 
interest for them. They did not persecute him, for he 
was a traitor, neither did they notice him. But President 
Young, the Twelve Apostles and the Saints associated 
with them, the wicked both feared and hated. They were 
never lost sight of. All the persecution that they had 
experienced during Joseph's lifetime was still continued 
unto them now that he was dead. They still had reason 
to know that they were chosen out of the world, for the 
world still continued to hate them. What a true sign 
was this, showing which were the servants and Church 
of Jesus Christ! On the one hand Rigdon having the 
favor and friendship of apostates and other wicked per- 
sons, and on the other hand President Young and his 
brethren having their enmity and bitter hatred. Who 
with any of the light of the Spirit could doubt as to which 
were of the world and which were chosen out of the 
world ? 

The same sign holds good in these days. There has 
been apostasy lately in this city. Men who were mem- 
bers of the Church have thought there was no necessity 
for the Latter-day Saints to have the ill-will of the world. 
So they have denied the faith, forsaken the Church, 



become traitors to the truth and to their former brethren, 
and have gone over to the world. Of course they cannot 
serve two masters — God and mammon — they will either 
hate the one and love the other, or else they will hold to 
the one and despise the other. They have started out to 
court the world and its favor, and have taken mammon 
as the object of their worship. Apostates and traitors have 
hailed them as good fellows ; they have praised what they 
call their independence and have said all they could to 
encourage them, and the world, too, while it cared 
nothing for them personally, has rejoiced at their actions, 
because it hoped they would be successful in arresting the 
progress of the work of God. This has been done, not 
because men admired them — for all men in their hearts 
despise traitors, even apostates themselves have no real 
confidence in each other — but because the world has 
hoped that they would be the means of breaking down 
the influence of the priesthood and overthrowing the 
work of God. They have been disappointed in their 
hopes, and these apostates, like those who have gone 
before them, are ceasing to obtain the notoriety and favor 
which they coveted, and they will soon pass into obli- 
vion. 

Truly the words of the Savior have been again fulfilled: 
"If ye were of the world, the world would love his own ; 
but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen yon 
out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." Presi- 
dent Young, his fellow-servants and the Saints have had 
none of the love of the world. These latter apostates, like 
former ones, say that he and the Church have gone astray; 
but that they, themselves, are right and acceptable before 
the Lord. But towards which does the world show favor? 
Does it have any greater love for President Young and 
the Saints or show them any more favor now than it did 
when they were driven into this wilderness? Everybody 
knows that it does not. Do tlie apostates and the wicked 
like them any better than they did? Do they speak well 
of them, or associate with them? There never was a time 
when they had greater enmity to President Young and 
the Church than now. They hate them as much to day 
as Rigdon and his companions did when they denied the 
faith. If the wicked spoke well of them, if apostates took 
delight in their society, if the world was friendly to them, 
then there would be cause to fear that something was not 
right ; for these are results that have attended apostasy. 



Where Flowers Came From.— Some of our flowers 
came from countries all ice and snow, and some from 
islands in the ocean. Three of our sweetest exotics came 
originally from Peru. Tlie Camelia was carried to Eng- 
land in 1839; and a few years afterward the heliotrope, 
and mignionette. Several others came from the Cape of 
Good Hope ; a very large calla was found in ditches there, 
and some of the most brilliant geraniums, or pelargon- 
ums, which are a spurious geranium. The verbena grows 
wild in Brazil. The marigold is an African flower, and a 
number came from China and Japan. The little Dapne 
was carried to England by Captain Ross, from almost the 
farthest land he visited toward the North Pole. Some of 
these are quite changed in form by cultivation ; others 
have only become larger and brighter ; while others, des- 
pite of all the florists and the shelter of hot-houses, fall 
short of the beauty and fragrance of the tropics. 

Among the improved ones is the dahlia. When brought 
to Europe it was a very simple blossom, a single circle of 
dark petals surrounding a mass of yellow ones. Others 
with scarlet and orange petals were soon after transplant- 
ed from Mexico, but still remained simple flowers. 
Long years of cultivation in rich soil, with other arts of 
the skillful florist, have changed it to what it is now— 
a round ball of hca,nty.— Selected. 



^' 



I 



3 



W SOS 



J" TJ "V^ E IN" I L E IIDTSTI^TJOTOI^, 



®Iu iaNttil^ ltt0|puclap» 






CEORCE Q. CANNON " - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2^, 1870. 




'NE of tlie gieatest prophets of ancient 
times was Elisha. He was the eoni]ian- 
ion of another great projjhct, Elijah. 
The Lord liad commanded Elijah to 
anoint Elisha to he prophet in liis stead, 
and as he came to where Elisha was 
ploughing with twelve yoke of oxen, he 
l)assed by hiui and cast liis mantle upon 
him. Elisha seemed to have the spirit 
and to understand immediately what 
the Lord wanted of him; for he ran after 
J]lijah and asked permission of him to ki.ss liis 
father and his mother and then he said, he 
would follow him. It seems as if Elijah 
desired to test him to sec what he would do ; he 
replied to him : "Go hack again: for what liave I 
(hjne to thee?' ' But Elisha was not to l)e put off so 
ea.sily ; lie did follow Elijali and served lam. 
To serve a man of Ood was viewed as an lionor- 
labor in olden times ; and, in fact, many of the greatest 
men who lived in those days did not think themselves degraded 
liy being seiTants to men who were not very good. Jacob, 
Jo.scph, Moses, Joshua, David, Elisha and Daniel, were all 
V(!iy groat and noble men, yet, at some jieriod of tlieir lives, 
they were scn'ant.s to others, and doubtless did their work 
faithfully. A man wlio is not a good, faithful servant is not 
likely to be one that can be trusted as a UKUster or leader. Jos- 
hua was a seiTant to Moses, whom he succce<lcd as leader of 
Israel ; Elislia was a servant to ]']lijah wliom lie also sueuccded 
as projilict. 

The works which Eli.sha did were veiy might}'. He had been 
asked by Elijah what he should do for him before ho should be 
taken away from him. Elisha's request was an excellent one. 
It was that a double portion of the sjiiritof I'^lijah might rest 
upon him. Elijah coulessed that this was a hard thing, never- 
theless, he s;iid, if Elisha should see hiiu when he w:us t^iken 
from him it should Ije granted unto liiui : but if not, it should 
not Ix;. We arc not t<jld whetlier JOlisha received a double 
portion of the spirit or not ; but it is altogether likely he did, 
its he saw the horses and chariot of fire by which ICIijah was 
•■arricd up into heaven ; and from that moment he was endcjw- 
ed with great jiower. There were very many interesting 
events in his life, and one oc(;un-ence after his death which is 
very remarkable. We will r(lat(! the lattir. 

•Shortly after Eli.sha's death the bands of the Moabites in- 
vaded the land of Cana;in, and one day, as tlic peojile were 
burying a man, they .siw a liand of men in the dist^mce. They 
were frightened at their appearance, and being near tlie sej)- 
ulchre of Elisha, they threw the man into it. When the man 
was let down, and toiKhi:d the bones of JOIisha, he revived and 
stood up on his feet. There was efficacy and power, you see 
by this, even in liis bones. But the event in his c^irecr which 
we wished to call your att<'ntion to particularly, happened 
shortly after J']lijah had Ijeen taken away from his sight. 
Eli.sha wa.s going up by the road to Bethel when some little 



children came forth out of the city and mocked him. It is 
)n-obaljle that he was bald-headed, from the fact that they 
called after him. "(lO up, thou bald head ; go up, thou bald 
head." They had probably heard some grown people speak- 
ing evil of Elisha, and making sport of the story which was 
told about Elijah going up to heaven. There were wicked 
people then as well as now ; though we scarcely think tliey 
were (piitc so bad then as they are now. In these days if two 
men were to go off by themselves as lillijah and Elisha did, and 
one of tbem should dLsajijiear, they would suspect the other 
of having murdered him. This would be the feeling if the one 
who came back was a "Mormon," and especially so if he was 
to say that he had seen his companion taken up to heaven 
with a chariot and horses of fire. Such men as have been scut 
here as judges would soon gather a jury together, have the 
case brought up and the man convicted, and if they could, 
they would take his life. But though Elijah was a very 
famous man, well known to the kings of Israel and Judah and 
to the two nations at large, lillisha was not accused or even 
susiiected, that we can learn, of having made away with him. 
By this we conclude that they were not so wicked in those 
days as the people are iu these. 

The little children mocked him, however. He turned back 
and looked ujion them, and cursed them in the name of the 
Lord. If we had the history of those days in full, we would, 
doubtless, find that there were other reasons for Elisha cursing 
these children besides their mocking and calling him names. 
Mark what respect the Lord has to the words of his prophets 
and faithful .servants! Two she-bears came forth out of the 
wood and tore forty-two of those children to lueces. Thus, 1 e- 
cause they called a projihet of God names and mocked him, 
they iierished miserably, llow much better it would have 
been for these children and their parents if, instead of calling 
forth a curse from ]<]lisha, they had treated liim so kindly that 
ho would have been iirompted to bless them. The blessing of 
such a man was ot great worth unto all those people. And so 
it is to-day, the blessings of a prophet of God are greatly to be 
desired, and their cui-.se is something to be dreaded. 

Children should be careful to avoid the great folly of the 
childien of Bethel ; they should respect the authority and 
priesthood of (iod, and never do or say anything that would 
bring a condemuation or cur.se upon them. 



l.^IGIITREN hundred and seventy is nearly do.sed, and with 
-L' its close is completed the Elfth Volume of the Juvenm.k 
Lnstui;ct<iii. In looking back to its comineueement, we can 
scarcely realize that so long a period has elapsed. But it is a 
fact that five years have passed away since its first pulilieation 
—five eventful years, in which many of the boys wlio first I'ead 
its pages liave grown t« manhood, and many of the little boys 
and girls, who could only look at its pictures, have made such 
progress in their studies that they now are among its eager 
readers. We have reason to believe that the five volumes of 
tlie.JrvENlLKlNSTiUKToii have been of great benefit to many, 
and that they have been perused with great i)leasurc by tho.se 
who have subscribed for them. If thoy have liad as great 
lileasure in reading them as we have had in writing for and 
preiiaring them, then we think we have strong rea.sons to lie 
sati.stied ; for there is no labor of our life, of this kind, that wo 
(^ver enjoyed as we have that which has been devoted to this 
little ])ajier. Through the pressure of other duties, we have 
been compelled to do much of our writing for its columns at 
hours when others were in bed, or at hours which are usually 
devoted to relaxation ; but this has been no diawliack to the 
joy we have had in performing this work. Jt is with no desire 
to boast, wc say, after five years' publishing, that wo have 



;^^*5|! 





O-TJ^sTElsrilliE] UtTSTK/TJOTOK.. 



S04r 



conscientiously striven to make it a paper worthy in every 
respect of its subscribers— a paper in which no unworthy 
thoughts, no incorrect ideas or doctrines shoidd ever find 
place. How nearly we have accomplished this, the public, of 
course, must judge. Whatever errors may have crept in, have 
been suffered to pass unwittingly. In saying this we do not 
intend to convey the idea that there liave been no shortcom- 
ings connected with the pa]ior. There have been many, and 
probably no one has seen these plainer than the editor. We 
have reason, however, to know that our subscribers have been 
lenient to these and have overlooked them. It is still our in- 
tention to try and correct them, and to have the paper as near 
faultless as it can be. In order that it may meet with still 
wider circulation, and be read in every household in the Terri- 
tory, we shall publish the forthcoming volume at the reduced 
price of $2,.')0, and whore cash is paid, in advance, will make a 
discount. We trust our friends in every settlement will aid 
us in spreading it among the people. With the iirescnt num- 
ber of sulxscribers, and at the proposed reduced rate, the Jvx- 
ENii,E Instructor will be published at a loss to the editor; 
but we hope that this will be made up by an increase of sub- 
scribers. Admitting advertisements would enable us to pub- 
lish it at a lower rate ; but they would be unsuitable, we think, 
for it,s columns, and, therefore have never thouglit of inserting 
them. 

We tnist to maintain our pleasant and familiar aopiainlance 
and friendship with all our readers, and thougli a Juvknii.e 
]iaper, we wish it to be an Instrdctor of more than the 
Juveniles ; we wish in it.s c(jlumus to say to parents 

"wliat a holy charge 

I.s their.'? — with what a l<iii.gly power ilioir love 
Might rule the fountains of ihp new-born mind ; 
Warn them to wal<o at early dawn, and sow 
Good seed before the world has sown iis tares." 



[For tlie Juvenile Infitruc/or. 



% 



SOMETIMES it is not reciuired to ascertain tlie exact 
proportion in whicli elements exist in minerals, but 
merely to determine the kind of elements. Tliis kind of 
analysis is called "qualitative," because it only shows tlie 
quality, without determining the quantity of the con- 
stituents. For tliis purpose certain substances are used 
which are called "tests." If we dissolve a little copper In 
an acid, and then dilute it, by placing a strip of clean 
iron in it, a deposit of metalic copper will be formed upon 
the surface of the iron; this is a test of the presence of 
that metal in the solution. If a salt of copper is dissolved 
in some water, the common blue vitriol (sulphate of cop- 
per) may be used Ity way of experiment, the same kind 
of reaction takes place. If a drop of this solution is 
placed upon a slip of glass, by adding ammonia to it the 
drop assumes an azure blue color, this is another test for 
copper, Potash, ajiplied as a test, will deposit a (jrcen 
pre<:ix>Uate. An infusion of galls will give a brown 2)reei- 
intate. Tliere are njany other "tests" which by-and-bye 
may be spoken of. The sulphides of copper — tlie oxides 
and carbonates may be shown to contain copper by test- 
ing their solutions. 

Suppose we would test for lead, the same colors may 
not be produced by the presence of that metal; infusion of 
galls, for instance, that gives with copper a brown, gives 
with lead a w/uYc preciiiitate; the same infusion witli iron 
gives a black precipitate. If we use the sulphate of soda 



(Glauber's salts) we get a white prcciintatc from a solu- 
tion of lead. Suppose we want to ascertain the qnantit}) 
of an ore of lead, sucli as the carbonate, a kind that is 
being reduced at our smelting works. This frequently 
has a greenish color, caused by the green oxide of copper 
mixed with it. First roast the ore, powder it, pour on it, 
gradually, some nitric acid (aquafortis) diluted by its own 
weight of water. Effervescence will begin and continue 
until the carbonic acid is expelled. After effervescence 
has ceased decant the clear liquid, that is, pour off the 
solution into a tall glass jar. Now for the test. INIake a 
solution of sulphate of soda by putting the sulphate in 
distilled Avater; this may be kept for use, as it will be use- 
ful for many other purposes. Keep adding the test drop 
by drop, as long as the white powder continues to fall. 
This precipitate is sulphate of lead; an exchange of ele- 
ments has taken place, the nitric acid of the solution has 
forsaken the lead and united with the soda of the sul- 
phate, the sulphuric acid of the sulphate has united to 
the lead. 

Now, there may be copper in the remaining solution, to 
determine which we can use the testa indicated above. If 
we would precipitate this, the same mode before described 
will cause it to be precipitated, namely, a plate of clean 
iron, or zinc. 

Should wo, however, prefer a "quantitative" analysis, the 
same mode is pursued, only we weigh the ore and the pre- 
cipitates obtained. In that ease take a definite quantity 
of ore, say 100 grains, add to this in the flask 100 grains of 
the nitric acid diluted by 100 grains of water. Hy notic- 
ing the weight, lost by the effervescence (that is, by the 
separation of the carbonic acid (02 O) from the oxides of 
copper and lead) the weight of carbonic acid is deter- 
mined. Next by washing and drying the sulphate of 
lead precipitated, the weight of the lead may be known, 
either Ijy melting it, or by chemical equivalents. In the 
same way the quantity of copper may be ascertained; or 
by noting the difference of weight in the iron plate used to 
precipitate the copper, the same as described in the former 

assay. 

It is, however, from galena (sulphuret of lead) that the 
chief supplies of lead are obtained for the market. Tliis 
always contains a small percentage of silver, sometimes 
sufficient to pay the expense of extracting it, in some 
countries i;: to 14 ounces to the ton, (about 15 to IS dollais) 
is considered a good paying rate for separating the silver. 
The lead of our mountains is much richer than this, and 
sometimes mounts up to hundreds of dollars per t^)n. The 
different ways in which this separation is effected will be 

described in future articles. 

Beth. 



Fesfale Teimi'kk.— No trait of character is more val- 
uable in a female than the possession of a sweet temper. 
Oh, we can never be made happy without it. It is like 
the' flowers that spring up in our pathway, reviving and 
cheering us. Let a man go home at night, wearied and 
worn by the toils of the day, and how soothing is a word 
dictated by a good disposition ! It is sunshine falling on 
his heart. He is happy and the cares of life are forgotten. 
A sweet temper has a soothing influence over the minds 
of a whole family. Where it is found in the wife and 
mother, you observe kindness and love predominating 
over the natural feeling of a bad heart. Smiles, kind 
words and looks characterize the children, and peace aiul 
love have their dwelling there. Study then, to ac(iuire 
and retain a sweet temper. It is more valuable than gold, 
"it captivates more than beauty, and to the end of life, re- 
tains all its freshness and power. 



^ 



!^ SOS 



0" TJ "V E n^ I L E in^STI^/TJOTOI?.. 



THCE 



OOLTJIMIiT. 



1^: 



The following iros ivrittenfor, and read before the Young 

Ladies^ Department of the Retrenchment Association of 

thcmh Ward: 

"JSclovcd Sisters: — We truly feel to thank God for the 
honor He has conferred upon us, and for the privileges 
which we to-day enjoy. We certainly are engaged in a 
great and glorious work ; yes, greater than we are ahle to 
realize, and perhaps greater than we are able to perform. 
But we must follow the example of our parents, and re- 
member, "There is no such word as fail ;" for, as long as 
we know that God and all good and sensible people are on 
our side, we feel strong and firm in our purpose. There is 
that sense of right within us, which urges us on and bids 
us conquer. What need we care, for the scoff's and scorns 
of those who are ignorant concerning true worth and 
beauty, when we have the smiles and approliation of our 
Heavenly Father, and also that within us, which assures 
us we are right. What is true beauty? Is it not the mild 
and heavenly countenance which is beaming with the 
spirit of God? Is it not tho humble, kind, and amiable, 
who look the most beautiful! To us it is. 

Dear Sisters : What are we here for? Did God place us 
here for the purpose of wasting the short and precious 
time which we are permitted to live? No ! be assured He 
dill not. He placed us liere for something of far more im- 
portance than this, and expects us to give a solemn and 
strict account of our time wliile here. 

We have the privilege of storing up the most rare and 
priceless gems for eternity ; genis which are of far more 
value, and which fade not, but which grow brighter as 
time speeds on, and not as those which deck our mortal 
bodies. Are we such senseless, imperceptible beings that 
we fail to see the necessity of living for something nobler, 
purer, and better than tlie trivial frivolity of fasliiou? 

Oh ! sisters, let us rouse up with our whole energy, and 
live fortrutliand justice, for life and liglit, for God and 
eternity. Life is uncertain, and none of us know how 
Soon we may be cnlled to "leave this frail existence," how 
soon we may be robed in sjwtless white for the grave. 
Then let us, one and all, prepare and make ourselves 
ready to pass into a better and purer world, where evils do 
not exist. 

Miss Lona Pratt. 

August, 1870. 



i_,i:fe 






U 



iX a late number of Chamhern^ Journal there is a sketch 
of travel in La|)lan(l worth reading. The writer, 
speaking of a little inland town, says: — 

tjuickjock wore its gayest aspect. The Lapps had come 
thitlii'r from all parts, to attend the service in tlic little 
eliurcli. St. John's Day is tlieir great festival, on wliicli 
they commemorate tlic arrival of summer. 'I'he pastor 
had at le;ist twenty mouths to suj)])ly witli fot)d, and everj- 
morning two boats set off with tlieir nets to the lake for 
the day's sujiply. They would return about 11 a. m. with 
a large (juantily of lish, liut it was never too largo for tlie 
consumers, who would each of them consume six pounds 
as eiu'iily !is one, if it were set before them. Nothing was 
left for the morrow. They subsist entirely on lisli, milk 
and rye-breail. The harmless little i)eople i)leased the 
travelers immensely. "There w:us a nice little coui)le," 



says Capt. Hutchinson, "we took a great fancy to; and af- 
ter much consultation, decided to ,our satisfaction which 
was the boy and which the girl. As both men and women 
have long hair, and neither whiskers nor beard, and dress 
alike in high, blue cloth billycock hats, and reindeer skin 
coats and leggings, it is almost impossible to distinguish 
them. We asked how old they were, and whether they 
belonged to the school. The laugh was against us when 
we found the gentleman to be twenty-six, and the lady, 
his wife, twenty-four — instead of fourteen and twelve, as 
we had settled them to be." 

In this lovely living Lilliput, potatoes are the size of wal- 
nuts, lamb steaks as big as larks, and a calf about the di- 
mensions of a large cat. No doctor is within a hundred 
miles, for the Lapps are never ill until just before they 
die; and the one doctor, even, at Lulea, is in despair at 
the want of patients. The effects of climate are very curi- 
ous to watch. Tlie summer had set in and everything 
seemed to be growing by steam, though Quickjock lies at 
such an altitude that an hour's walk up any of the moun- 
tains round would bring one to perpetual snow. With the 
warmth come the mosquitoes, which are as troublesome to 
the natives as to visitors, and are prepared against by 
covering the tops of the chimneys with sods of earth, and 
kept out by never opening the windows at all, and tlie 
doors only for the indispensable amount of ingress and 
egress. 

On Sunday morning the travelers had a grand opportu- 
nity for seeing the whole of the little settlement dressed in 
their best. The Lapps were in their "go-to-meeting" 
skins and numerous beads and jewels. The Swedes were 
in black cloth dress suits. Even the children wear swal- 
low-tsiiled coats and trousers; and a more comical-looking 
little creature could not well be imagined than a tiny boy 
of four years old whom we saw airing himself with his 
back to the fire, his hands under the coat-tails, just like 
the good old English gentleman all of the olden time! 
There are seats in the church for one hundred and fifty, 
but twenty persons composed the congregation. Three 
hours' journey from the little town is Waldi Spiket, with 
a conical peak, surmounting a sheer precipice of one thou- 
sand feet, and range after range of snow-clad mountains 
rising one above tlie other beyond it. There is first-rate 
sliootingtobe had in the neighborhood, ptarmigan, hares, 
wood-grouse and dotterel; and in the low-lands in front of 
the village, golden-eye, widgeon, teal, scaup, velvet duck, 
&c. All this, with nothing to pay, no lease to be asked, 
and nothing to be desired but an English dog! Every- 
where in the forests are strange sights and strange birds, 
wliich have no fear of man, which whistle as one passes, 
and, though frightened for a moment at the report of one's 
gun, tly off for only a few yards, and then return and 
twitter and chirp as before. 

The ants in Lapland are tliree times as large as our com- 
mon ant. Tlieir nests are hillocks of fir siirigs and rub- 
bish, often four feet high, the inside a mass of eggs and 
ants; well-beaten roads diverge from them in every direc- 
tion, like the lines of railway from London in Bradshaw. 
"These ants," says the writer, "cross tlie little streams and 
brooks by mcansOf natural bridges. One day I was jump- 
ing over a brook, and brushed with my head and should- 
ers two willow branches which met over the water, in an 
instant I was covered with ants, which were making their 
way across the bridge which 1 had disturbed." 

After the travelers had sojourned for a week at the pas- 
tor's house Captain Hutchinson wrote a note to him in his 
liest Swedish, enclosing bank notes for twenty-seven shil- 
lings, for six days' board and lodging, and asking permis- 
sion to remain another week. The pastor borrowed his 



|/9 



a"-cr"V"E3sri3i.:E] uststi^tjotoi?/. 




guest's dictiouary, and althougli entirely unacquainted 
with English, concocted the following answer- — 

"Master Captain:— Much thanks for the generous paiment. Master 
and Mistress Iain may to be here than one weeli! ' 

With humility, "L. L^estadius.'" 

The travelers remained a fortnight, and were sorry to 
take leave of all but the mosquitoes. When one reads of 
the glorious scenery, the splendid weather, the simple, 
healthful life, the innocent, friendly, honest people, and 
the delightful rest and isolation from the turmoil of civil- 
ized life, with entire freedom from savagery, it is not sur- 
prising to learn that the travelers turned away with reluc- 
tance from Quickjock. 



HZOISTElSTir IS THE BEST 



THAT is an old proverb, you know. We sometimes think 
it is repeated to young people too often ; and that they 
may feel influenced to be honest from policy merely, and 
not from principle. To be honest from poUcy is to be 
h'bnest because you will make something by such a course; 
to be honest from principle is to be honest because you 
believe honesty is right. What the old proverb means, 
though, we suppose, is that it is always the best policy to 
do right. It surely is, in the long run. Be honest, there- 
fore, but have a principle under your policy. 

Uncle Paul partly promised to give us another one of 
his "Curious Things iu all Countries" for the boys and 
girls this week, but he has failed to do so (he says the 
young folks would excuse his failure readily if they knew 
the reason of it, but he does not tell the reason), and we 
will give in its stead this little story, which we first read 
a great many years ago, and which illustrates the bad 
result of a dishonest action : 

One day the Duke of Buccleuch, a Scotch nobleman, 
bought a cow in the neighborhood of Dalkeith, where he 
lived. The cow was to be sent home the next morning. 
Early in the morning the Duke was taking a walk in a 
very common dress. As he went along, he saw a boy try- 
ing in vain to drive the cow to his residence. The cow 
was very unruly, and the poor boy could not get on with 
her at all. The boy, not knowing the Duke, bawled out 
to him in broad Scotch accent, — 

"Hie, mun, come here, and gie's a han' wi' this beast." 

The Duke walked slowly on, not seeming to notice the 
boy, who still kept calling for his help. At last, finding 
he could not get on witli the cow, he cried out in distress, 
"Come here, mun, and as sure as anything I'se gle ye half 
IgeV 

The Duke went and lent a helping hand. 

"And now," said the Duke, as they trudged along after 
the cow, "how much do you think you will get for the 
job?" 

"I dinna ken," said the boy, "but I'm sureo'something, 
for the folks at the big house are g"id to a' bodies." 

As they came to a lane near the house the Duke slipped 
away from the boy, and entered by a diflferent way. Cal- 
ling his butler, he put a sovereign in his hand, saying, 
"Give that to the boy who has brought the cow." 

He then returned to the end of the lane, where he had 
parted from the boy, so as to meet him on his way back. 

"Well, how much did you get?" asked tlie Duke. 

"A shilling," said the boy, "an there's half o' it to yo." 

"But surely you had more than a shilling," said the 
Duke. 

"No," said the boy, "sure that's a' I got; and d' ye 
think it's a plenty?" 



"I do not," said the Duke ; "there must be some mis- 
take ; and as I am acquainted with the Duke, if you will 
return I think I'll get you more." 

They went back. The Duke rang the bell, and ordered 
all the servants to be assembled. 

"Now," said the Duke to the boy, "point me out the 
person who gave you the shilling." 

"It was that chap there with the apron," said he, point- 
to the butler. 

The butler fell on his knees, confessed his fault, and 
begged be be forgiven ; but the Duke indignantly ordered 
him to give the boy the sovereign, and quit his service 
immediately. 

"You have lost," said the Duke, "your money, your 
situation and your character by your deceitfulness. Learn 
for the future, that honesty is the best policy." ■ 

The boy now found out who it was that helped him 
drive the cow ; and the Duke was so pleased with the 
manliness and honesty of the boy that he sent him to 
school, and provided for him at his own expense. — Selec- 
ted. 



j^ TiinsriDOO STOi?.Y. 



A tiger, prowling in a forest, was attracted by a bleating 
calf. It was proved to be a bait, and the tiger found 
himself trapped in a spring cage. There he lay for two 
days, when a Bramin happened that way. 

"O, Bramin!" piteously cried the beast, "have mercy 
upon me, and let me out of this cage," 

"Ah! but j'ou will eat me." 

"Eat you! Devour my benefactor! Never could I be 
guilty of such a deed," responded the tiger. 

The Bramin, being benevolently inclined, was moved by 
these entreaties, and opened the door of the cage. 

The tiger walked up to him, waved his tail, and said, 
"Bramin, prepare to die; I shall now eat you." 
■■"O! how ungrateful, how wicked! Am I not your sav- 
ior?" protested the trembling priest. 

"True," said the tiger, "very true ; but it is the custom 
of my race to eat men when we get the chance, and I can- 
not afford to let you go." 

"Let us submit the case to an arbitrator," replied the 
Bramin. "Here comes a fox. The fox is wise ; let us 
abide by his judgment." 

"Very well," agreed the tiger. 

The fox assuming a judicial aspect, sat on his haunches 
with all the dignity he could muster, and, looking at the 
disputants said : 

"Good friends, I am somewhat confused by the differ- 
ent accounts which you give of this matter; my mind is 
not clear enough to render equitable judgment ; but if you 
will be good enough to act the whole transaction out be- 
fore my eyes, I shall attain unto a more definite concep- 
tion of the case. Do you, Mr. Tiger, show me just how 
you approached and entered that cage ; and then do you, 
Mr. Bramin, show me how you liberated him ; and I shall 
be able to render a projier decision." 

They assented, for the fox was solemn and oracular. 
The tiger walked into the cage, the spring-door fell and 
shut him in. He was a prisoner inside. 

The judicial expression faded from the fox's counten- 
ance, and, turning to the Bramin, he said: "Now you 
are all right, you silly Bramin. I advise you to go home 
as fast as you can, and abstain in future from doing favors 
to rascally tigers. Good morning, Bramin ; good morning 
tiger." 



What Makes Home.— Beauty is a great thing ; but 
beauty of garments, house, and furniture, is a very tawdry 
ornament compared with domestic love. All the elegance 
in the world will not make a home, and I would give 
more for a spoonful of real hearty love than for whole 
shijjloads of furniture, and all the gorgeousness that all 
the upholsterers of the world could gather together. 



il 



S07 



J" TJ" "V" E nsr I H. E inSTBOPI^TJOTOIS,. 



'^^t 



tUtftb ^udlJfi* 



THE BABY'S STOOi^IJSra-- 



"Hang up the baby's stocking, 

Be sure that you don't forget 
The dear, little dimpled darling. 

She never saw Christmas yet, 
But I've told her all about it, 

And she opened her big blue eyes, 
And I'm sure she understood me, 

She looked so funny and wise. 

"Dear, dear, what a tiny stocking! 

It does'nt take much to hold 
Such little pink toes as baby's 

Away from the frost and cold. 
But then for the baby's Christmas, 

It never will do at all ; 
Why, Santa Clans would'nt be looking 

For anything half so small. 

"I know what we'll do for baby, 

I've thought of the very best plan ; 
I'll borrow a stocking of grandma, 

The longest that ever I can. 
And you'll hang it by mine, dear mother, 

Kight in here in the corner, so. 
And write a letter to Santa, 

And fasten it on to the toe. 

"Write — 'This is the baby's stocking 

That hangs in the corner bore ; 
You never have seen her, Santa, 

For she only came this year. 
But she's just the blossedest baby. 

And now before you go. 
Just cram her stocking with goodies, 

From the top clear down to the too.' " 



THIE ICZTOHIEISr GLOOIC, 



Tiisten to the kitchen clock ! 
To itself it ever talks. 
From its place it never walks ; 

"Tick-tock— tick-tock"— 
Tell me what it says. 

"I'm a very patient clock ; 
Never moved by hope or I'oar, 
Though I've stood for many ii year ; 

Tick-tock — tick-tock." 
That is what it says. 

"I'm a very truthful clock ; 
People say, about the place. 
Truth is written on my face ; 

Tick-tock — tick-tock." 
That is what it says. 

"I'm a very active clock ; 
For I go while you're asleep, 
Though you never take a xjeop ; 

Tick-tock — tick-tock." 
Tliat is what it says. 

"I'm a most obliging clock ; 
If you wish to hoar me strike. 
You may do it when you like ; 

Tick-tock — tick-tock." 



P^U 

m^^!^ 



That is what it says. 



What a talkative old clock ! 

Let us see what it will do 
When the iioiuter readies two. 
"Ding-ding— tick-tock." 

That is what it says. 



"Hearken uuto me, O, ye children: for blessed are 
they that keep my ways." — T'rov. viii. 32. 

HOl'E. 
"The night is motlier of the day ; 

The winter of the spring ; 
And ever upon old decay 

The greenest mosses cling. 

Behind the cloud the slarliglit lurks ; 

Tlirough showers the sunl)eams fall ; 
For God, who loveth all his works, 

lias left his hope with all. 



A Cvnj, Cut off With An Axe.— "Do you see this 
lock of hair?" said an old man to mo. 

"Yes; but wluit of if/ Is is, I suppose, the curl from 
the liead of a dear child long since gone to God." 

"It is not. It is a lock of my own hair; and is now 
nearly seventy years since it was cut from this head." 

"But why do you jjrize a lock of your hair so much?" 

"It has a story belonging to it, and a strange one. I 
keep it tlius witli care, because it sijeaks to me more of 
God and of His special care than any thing else 1 possess. 

"I was a little child of four years old, with long curly 
locks, which, iu sun, or rain, or wind, hung down my 
cheeks uncovered. One day my father went into the 
woods to cut uj) a log, and I went with him. I was stand- 
ing a little way behind him, or rather at his .side, watch- 
ing with interest the strokes of the heavy axe, as it went 
up and came down upon the wood, sending ofT splinters 
with every stroke, in all directions. Some of the splinters 
fell at my feet, and I eagerly stooped to pick them up. In 
doing .so I stumbled forward, and in a moment my curly 
head lay upon the log. I had fallen just at the mo- 
n\ent when the axe was coming down with all its force. 
It Wius t<jo late to stop the blow. Down came the axe. I 
screamed, and my father fell to the ground in terror. He 
could not stay the stroke; and in the bliiulness which the 
sudden horror aroused, ho thought he had killed his boy. 
We soon recovered; I from my fright, and he from his 
terror. He caught me in his arms and looked at me from 
head to foot, to iind out the deadly wound which he wjis 
sure he had iullicted. Not a drop of blood nor a scar 
could be seen. He knelt upon the grass and gave thanks 
to a gracious (!od. Having done so, he took uj) his axe 
and found a few haii-s ujion its edge. He turned to the 
log he had been splitting, and there wa.s a single curl of 
his boy's hair, sharply cut through and laid ujion the 
Wood. How great was the escape! It was as if an angel 
had turned aside the edge at the nu)ment when it was 
dcsccndltig upon my head. With renewed thanks upon 
his lijis he took up the curl, and went homo with mc in 
ills arms. 

"That lock he kept all his days, as a memorial of God's 
care and love. That hjck he left to mo on his death-bed." 



Hi: diligent and careful to improve the smallest shreds 
and broken ends of time. 



vJXJ'VElSriLE IITSTK.XJOTOI?. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $3 (M), 

HiiKjlc Co})ij, for Six Monl/is 1 50, 

*^ Ornin \tro\f^ht to fliit* City for the .ttiVFCNU.p. iNSTiurcTOR will be 
received at the ulliee of our paper— DitarcKiL'r Nkws bL'u^uifius. 



.D 






